i thought (important) ppl already had to have "intent". isnt that how hillary escaped justice, & djt & don jr are likely to?
The number of laws have expanded so much that everyone violates one every week
how about healthcare? Gonna repeal it or what?
All of them voted for a clean reapeal. What else would you like them to do?
If ALL of them did that, it would be repealed. I'd like them to go to a table & not get up till that blight is gone. Their jobs basically.
Not sure how you force the Dems to the table. And it's McConnell's job. All any Senator can do is vote yes. Yell at the 1's that didn't.
Dems dont matter. Repubs have majority and arent doing anything. As for "yelling". I'll hold them all to it till it's done.
Outside budget reconciliation they need 60 votes.
Well McCain wont be giving them his for sure.
Ignorance of the law is no defense against prosecution." At least that's what I've always understood.
Could you throw in clause for unlawful search & seizure  & mandatory return of property when proven innocent? Read of so many injustices--
Let's start with making domestic terrorism more difficult to perpetrate. Ban automatic rifles for instance.? Thanks.
Automatic rifles have been banned for a long time dear. Only criminals can get them. Nice try though.
Well dear, they are legal to purchase in Nevada as are semi-automatic, which are easily converted to automatic. Nice try though.
Well dear converting them is already illegal. Nice try though
The AR-15 and Ruger 10/22 can be fitted with a bump fire stock, which simulates fully-automatic rates of fire, and is 100% legal to own.
Murder is 100% illegal. Did that stop the people from being murdered? No.
No, it didn't. The use automatic weapons by a single person made sure of that.
And they would have used the semi automatic weapons they used regardless of any law. You made my point.
@TheView @MeghanMcCain @WhoopiGoldberg PAY ATTENTION to the republicans.  This is the result of the protests @Kaepernick7 wanted
Better check into political bias of IRS!
In the end its really just evening the odds right. Supposedly Clinton didn't know what she did with her emails was illegal and she got off
There is reason why the founding fathers of this greatest nation have created "due process"...whether poor or rich will access due process..
Be wary of anything Cruz touches. He is fascist in zodiac killers clothes. What kind of reform u expect fr christian Right? Suspend habeas?
My God Rand, WAKE UP! You can't support Communist agenda!
Why don't you get "proud of REPEALING ACA"? Be great if you bunch of Blow hards would actually do the job you were put in office for.
I am a law abiding middle class woman who Never did drugs and it happened to me. Please stop an out of control Overreaching justice system!
The politicians have so much dirt on each other & money they skate.  But normal folks get legally crucified all the time.
Seems that RPaul is involved in and supports most important legislations.I like his  active participation and work in the Senate.
With how corrupt @TheJusticeDept has become, this is a good start.
That’s right get off course this isn’t as important as tax reform and it will look like you’re doing something but what the people want
I would think this would need to be down at the state level & not Federal, but then you are linking with Republicans...moron sensibilities.
That means Clinton Comey lynch Obama are all protected.   Pos
Seriously?  You think white collar criminals deserve a break??
That's not what he said.
Umm.....yes it is if you research his position.
Your a liar Meg you haven't researched shit.
If you said it them it must be right. ALL his crazy positions. Thanks and yes I have.
He's the only one willing to work with dems. You don't think we incarcerate way to many people of color for minor offences? Paul does!
So a guy carrying a few joints gets arrested, but a guy carrying 18 assault weapons capable of taking out hundreds in seconds is OK w/GOP?
Any criminal justice reform must include gun legislation discussion, prison reform and cannabis decriminalization.
Yep, that's what we need..... More pot for the idiots to smoke while they ban our guns, raise our taxes so we can pay for them to veg out
@RandPaul could we focus on prosecuting the criminals within our government first?
Finally.  Someone who understands who laws were meant to control.  The gov't.  Not the people.
Finally, we can understand who laws were meant control and support the laws
You do nothing Paul and we're fed up
Jail time for crimes no reasonable way of knowing they were committing.

#FormCrime compliance against U.S. Persons living overseas
Thank you Rand Paul, wish you were President
Now how about a bill to deal with corrupt Congressmen?
on the outside of society hoping he will return to crime
As long as this cycle of society continues Crime will probably continue
This is probably the mission of this society to keep the criminal
Once a person completes obligation he or she should not have deal with the 
discrimination when getting a job
These people need to beable to get jobs embraced once they have completed there
debt otherwise u mite as well lock up people for life
Ex cons should be allowed to enter back into society without being symbolically
punished for the rest of their lives
And on a related topic, you should be addressing Civil Asset Forfeiture, which is as unAmerican as it gets. @Richzeoli
Create Federal Firearms Commission-federal database & FFC oversight to monitor for crazies & terrorists. Leaves 2a in tact #WednesdayWisdom
Sounds terrific, but I don't trust any of you.
What is actually being done to reduce prisons for profit? Or improving social justice?
KKTV 11 News · 18 hrs · 9 arrests (including one 16-year-old boy, who was the only U.S. citizen out of the group) 800+ marijuana plants
How about playing on the team for a change on Tax Reform and Obama Care repeal - Reagan said take 80% go back for the other 20% later
My God, Rand! You are SO WRONG ON THIS! May God help you.. ill be praying for ur enlightenment.. and education.
Didn’t Comey let Hillary off the hook because she wasn’t Intentionally violating the law. Some elitists don’t need the law ... Right !?!
When you let hrc lynch rice off the hook then call it a broken system not legal system
#StandWithRand
How is LEO and the courts going to deal with the onslaught of ppl on the ASD spectrum who don't understand social wrongs, let along criminal
Amendments, things added to the constitution later. All can be unamended. 2nd protects people from govt, need one to protect ppl from ppl.
@RandPaul Until you remove corrupt politicians publicly promoting hate/division 4 special interest $ & votes there is no reform solution
Tank health care, Oppose tax cuts,  @RandPaul swamp protector extraordinar!
Sounds like you're trying to protect trump and his administration so they can claim ignorance.
How about gun control
Sad that @SenBooker has decided to play partisan and not back this criminal justice reform bill.
No one cares troll. HEALTHCARE FIX
Not-so-fun fact: People have been sentenced for obstruction of justice for merely passively refusing to cooperate with their own prosecution
Listen could been a vehicle knife a bomb bow arrow we don’t know just think about the victim or person hurt
Not to mention most Americans can't afford legal defense and public defenders are a joke
One week in public shackles for spitting on the board walk.
Huh? Sounds too broad to implement.
(1) What are some example cases you're trying to address?
(2) How do you see the balance of mens rea and Ignorantia juris non excusat?
So what would that apply to?? Speeding? Bill sounds dumb to me
What is it that Judges say? Ignorance of the law is no excuse. I always read newly implemented laws.
Problem in California is letting criminals back out on the streets to quickly.
Shame is a country that guarantees your guns, but not your chemo,
Sure would be great if you could sponsor bipartisan legislation.   Try governing instead of being a partisan hack.
Congress could fix that easily.  Repeal laws that should not be enforced
Please do some work for us instead of the criminals and get rid of ACA! YOU said you had a remedy 2 months ago Was hoping you weren't a rino
What if a Syrian immigrant beat his wife with a hockey stick? He didn't know it was illegal here. He should walk free?
Oh, so you want to protect immigrant pedophiles who claim that they don't know raping, killing little girls is illegal?  Ridiculous!
The government has shrunk as nobody is even interested in working for trump the lunatic, and that one paragraph isn’t nearly enough. Know U!
What about gun control reform? We don’t want your prayers & condolences. You have been elected to represent the people. Do something!!!
HOW ABOUT PROSECUTING THE SCUM IN WASHINGTON FOR ALL THE CRIMES..CLINTON OBAMA. SOROS. GET WITH IT
All RINO’s
You are correct Mr Rand! The government is too big and it is in the way. It is time to reduce it by at least fifty percent!
Let's not forget about big business profit taking prisons. Judges have been bribed by them to send more prisoners
I"ll dig deeper, but this seems awfully broad, and seems to violate the judicial principle of "Ignorance of the law is no defense".
How about joining to pass repeal and replace healthcare
"What's a #netneutrality? Sorry, I can't look into that. My donors won't let me." #shill #resign #fakelibertarian #getmoneyout
What crimes do you speak of here Rand? List the "crimes". We dont enforce punishments on henious crimes, let alone minor others  SMH
I see thank you
Why don't you work on something a hell of a lot more pressing than that. You derailed health care, derailing tax reform, now this. WHAT?
It's sad that U.S.A. has the most highest population in prison per capita in all the others.
Are you planning on putting almost everyone in Washington in Prison?
Hillary KNEW what she was doing. All security EO's regarding secure transmission of data includes the Secretary of State. 
When you all start with the top and work your way down. Clean your houses first. Corruption,Treason and traders of We The People you
Yes. Public companies have no business running our prisons.  Profit maximization and incarceration don't match. Regardless of cost savings.
The lobbyists for the prison industrial complex will fight u tooth and nail.  There is huge profit in incarcerating the citizenry.
Screw you Rand
Sounds very interesting, glad to see work is being done. And please replace and repeal.
Any chance you can include people in the communities that "reform" will hopefully help?
The entire country is run by lawyers creating complex laws which creates more work for...lawyers. can't read a bill without a law dictionary
Thank you!
FIX OUR TAXES AND HEALTHCARE!!!
Why not join the RNC on healthcare?
Because it's not what was promised. It's a RINO sham show.
Get Mueller fired now wimp
Make sure you're saving all these legislation changes like the 'don't arm terrorists' act and what not for when the @gop RINOS are voted out
Ahh excellent. Sounds like another common sense no nonsense change that the @gop is too corrupt to make.
Please cite specific instances where unfair processes were dealt to Americans.
Please clarify why and what caused this recent law change?
Good.  Now execute convicted killers and quit feeding, housing, educating, entertaining, pampering them on tax payer money!
I'd like to see the Senate pass ANYTHING
How bout giving non violent felons an opportunity to have their records sealed and 2A rights restored? Shouldnt be be a lifetime punishment
I never understood why guys are being sent to jail for possession of marijuana...
Why arent you working on voters high priority agenda??? Taxes, Healthcare, Wall????
Congress is spineless! Ineffective! Overpaid!!!
Ignorance of the law is no excuse, supposedly.
Work on taxes, health care and the wall.  Everything else is window dressing
Way overdue senator.
Talk to me when you come up with a bipartisan fix for mandatory minimum sentences.
It's a great start!  We need consequences for prosecutorial misconduct.  Do away with conspiracy hearsay used to reduce sentences w/ lies.
End private prisons, abolish death penalty, remove mandatory minimums for non violent drug offenders... I can go on. It's a long list...
Hey, Hillary was given a free pass because of "ignorance of the law " & she's a lawyer. We don't need free passes for criminals.
Does this include illegal search and seizure of personal leagal weapons Rand? Bc Oregon just passed or is passing a hearsay law that allows then to confiscate firearms without due process.....
Look up Terry Trussell he was high jacked by the criminal justice system. In prison at the age of 72 for no reason. He harmed no one
i look forward to you announcing that you're going to vote against this bill in a couple of weeks
POWER of gov.
Government "is" FORCE (actual or threatened). 
Big-Gov = Big-FORCE (threat against citizens).
"Smaller is GOOD, in government"

And when they get close to passing it... he'll be a no vote.
Shall we call it the Hillary Clinton law?
Did you just quote yourself via Tweet?
Great...we are still waiting on REPEAL & REPLACE. how about we get that done first.
, thank you Rand Paul
Hmmm..crimes they don't know they are committing. Typical double talk for we aren't doing a damn thing. As usual.
You guys are actually doing something worthwhile besides enabling trump to destroy our country? Thanks !
Just send prayers. It fixes shootings so it should fix the courts too right?
You can paper your walls with your criminal reforms. Where are the indictments of HRC,Loretta Lynch,Comey,Huma Abedin et al?
While this 11 year Navy vlanguishes under house arrest?
no drug user should be in jail
they dont want anything that actually helps society mr. paul. they prefer punitive police state laws.
How about making actual criminals pay for their crimes instead of a slap on the wrist?
Good luck.  Maybe this is something that the majority of congress could get behind.
Now what Ryan, going to pardon the GOP before it cheats taxpayers with tax reform,; with criminal reform? You GOPhers got too many cookings.
For profit prisons all the fashion under trump. Wouldn't be if you can be successful with reform. Surprise me.
CRIMINAL JUSTICE MEANS LAW & ORDER FOR ALL NO MATTER WHAT THEIR LAST NAME IS! THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS WATCHING POLITICIANS GET OFF FOR MURDER, STEALING, LYING & SPYING ON AMERICANS! THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE! “WE THE PEOPLE” DEMAND JUSTICE FOR ALL! CLINTON’S, OBAMA’S, AG FBI, CIA,NSA
Repeal the Lautenberg Amendment then I'll be impressed....
Need some real life examples in order to get behind this bill.  We don't need another way for some white collar weasel to circumvent the law
Why isn't media allowed to ask if Stephen Paddock being a Patsy is a possibility?
Too bad Republicans couldn't work as hard to repeal ObamaCare
Empty the prisons! Storm the Bastille!
YES! Let one liberal Democrat say, YES!  Finally, some legislation I can get behind.
"humanity" is what makes the American ppl greatest.  The moral value of doing the ethical right policy, not misfortune...
Careful. We are learning a hard lesson in NM over bail reform & the EU socialists with-in that perverted the law.
Sounds like a bill to keep rich people out of jail for fraud, environmental violations, antiunion violations, money laundering ect.
Rich white collar criminals should get sent to a for profit private maximum security prison. It's like a vacation... from all human rights.
I may disagree with you on some topics, but dammit you've impressed me with your dedication to criminal justice reform
Senator, sir, respectfully, why not put more energy into tax reform and repeal of Obamacare? You are tilting at windmills.
Careful not to get any of that Hatch corruption on you. It'll take sandpaper to get it off.
How about doing something useful and worry about the crimes committed by the White House.
Truth is, no one will ever live 4 ever, yet if did not protecting those "rights" ur children & grandkids will find themselves in oppression.
How do you force local law enforcement to go back to being reactive? That's the main problem: crime prevention (aka- revenue collections).
The problem with this is that states are more responsible for mass incarceration than the federal gov., and crime is a local issue.
How about some healthcare reform and tax reform and immigration reform senator
Why don't you join in changing gun laws instead? Will that only happen if politicians lose their own children in one of these massacres?
Because everyone isn't a reactionary baby
Tax Reform Rand. FOCUS
us peasants have been putting up with this 4 years, it's important now it's getting closer to home hey?
Hillary will be happy
Until career criminal Hillary Clinton is behind bars there will be NO criminal justice
First get the criminals out of the White House, then we'll talk
End unconstitutional civil asset forfeiture while you’re at it!
I have lost all respect for you, Rand Paul!
Oh goodie.  Now gross negligence can be an excuse for the rest of america instead of just for Hillary and Huma.
If it protects Democrat criminals I oppose it
Judges owning private prisons & foster homes. Incentives for CPS workers to remove children for extra funding. Civil asset forfeiture etc...
So.... ignorance of the law SHOULD be an excuse?
Why does your bill specifically not apply this mens rea change to the UCMJ?
Also, I don't see a 18 USC Chapter 13(a).  13 deals with hate crimes; is this saying mens rea should be lower standard than other crimes?
End war on raw milk
End war on alternative medicine
You have more important things to do.
How about maddow for prison, conspiracy of mass murder,by paddock & assassin team.paddock fb page
How about a little tort reform while you're at it. Have you bought a gas can lately?
Wait, I read it. Does that include drug addicts? Seems like you mean bankers. I don't want to be wrong. Need some details.
Be careful, Senator Rand Paul has a history of grandstanding. Never solving real problems.
Time to wake up.
We don't trust you. Your record of racism and racist associates suggests any changes you propose will result in more non-whites incarcerated
Senator Rand Paul, the guy who saved Obamacare.
There is no justice until those who have blatantly broken the law are held accountable...Clinton, Comey, Rice, Lynch, Obama
Trump
This sounds like more protection for white collar criminals. Great, just what's needed.
Probably to protect Equifax and Well's Fargo execs.
Time clean up the swamp,now!!
Why not work with Dems to form a national update to our gun laws. Start with banning assault style weapons and their accessories.
Start with banning infringements such as the above, which aid & abet heinous criminals.
How about government corruption.
I could be wrong; but, I'm not.  Aren't you the same people who voted to CONFIRM the racist @jeffsessions ???
How is he "racist"??
Too bad @NRA won't allow you to work on sensible gun legislation at the same time
There’s already sensible gun legislation. It’s called the 2nd Amendment.
Can you throw in tort reform while you're at it?
Why couldn't have you joined, and been proud to work on health care? U screwed me!
