Merrick Garland.
So did Judge Garland. He was never even given a hearing. You denied the American ppl THEIR CHOICE. You denied us
Merrick Garland.
You are just another perverted Republican. The orange man is mentally ill.  IMPEACH him now before its too late.
lt does. Utter confidence in his unsuitability for the position. Majority of Americans reject his extremist views.
You never did let hearings start for Garland.....Those games cut both ways.
Except he is a Fascist. So #NoHellNo
when will you be considering the highly qualified Garland? Hypocrite
our Constitutional rights. What YOU have done is the most corrupt action against the will of America. YOUR LEGACY
It never ends ..will it
Few Recall Gorsuch’s Volunteer Work at Harvard https://www.wsj.com/articles/few-recall-gorsuchs-volunteer-work-at-harvard-1486342894 …
#Maddow
I strongly oppose Judge Gorsuch's nomination. He is a right wing radical judge who cannot be on The SCOTUS.
so did judge garlands record. What about him?
Merrick Garland.
BS
No confidence from majority of voters in this country
Nomination was stolen
We support  and workers rights.
@SenOrrinHatch
We already have a supreme court nominee - his name is Merrick Garland #eightisgreat
Gorsuch is an avowed homophobe he has no place in the Judicial arena.  do not confirm Gorsuch
I'll be one of hundreds voting you out of office.  There are so many reasons. donald, the environment. And more
#merrickgarland
Only if you don't care about people.
just like Merrick Garland
Women are fighting mad. You shouldn't ignore us anymore. We are rising. Pay attention!
do you think coperstions are people? Do you think money helps politics?
so has Merrick Garland, vote in him first.
You chose to not give an extraordinarily qualified Merrick Garland a chance for political reasons. #Merrick4SCOTUS
Nope. He thinks corporations have the same rights as people.
So did Merrick Garland - and where did that get him? #TheResistance You are hypocrites and don't represent us!
so the President loves Putin and defends his killing but fights with Australia. I am asking the you stand up
Hatch, you hypocrite. Didn't hear you complaining re: Senate blocking Judge Garland. No shame, decency, integrity!
President Stephen K Bannon appoints zealot Gorsuck to SCOTUS to put religious dogma above the US Constitution.
no matter how much y'all toot your own horn gorsuch is a partisan hack and you know it
Garland had developed the same record...
#GorsuchNomination
stolen pick from Merrick Garland, Rs have NO HONOR
This happens to Republican Congressmen who don't listen to their constituents.  #saveaca #noDevos
GOP Rep. Tom McClintock leaves contentious town hall with police escort as protesters chant "Shame!" http://abcn.ws/2l9d0TQ  
REALLY? NICE TRY.  Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
you are wrong, sir. He is not the judge for us - Merrill Garland is - get it right
Merrick Garland Merrick - stupid auto correct
#MerrickGarland
Judge Garland has developed a record that should command ironclad confidence ...
kinda like Merrick Garland?
#weneednine #merrickgarland #onenomineeatatime
You already have a nominee who deserves a hearing! #merrickgarland
No DeVos.  This vote will be remembered by many women.  Believe me,  we don't forget!!!
Fascism Forever
how does this differ from Merrick Garland? You could have said the exact same thing and chose not to.
and his funny little Nazi club
Fascism Forever!
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
biggest hypocrite ever. We see you lying. #FilibusterGorsuch
- Gorsuch interpreted laws in his eyes. Do that makes him a good Judge?
Are you fucking kidding?
.@SenateGOP @SenOrrinHatch Hon. Garland has an ironclad record too #StolenSeat Try again
# Merrick Garland.  Vote NO resist the Hypocrisy. Stolen Seat.
Confirm by March 1; streamline the process, make Tears Schumer cry again. How dare he say the things he has said.
maybe not if he's only about completing an agenda
you need to quit lying to the American public.  It's your greed and nazism is alive and well
We watched and learned all the tricks from the party of NO. Now take some of your own medicine.
Does anyone remember the time before Orrin went senile?
you stole it from Merik Garland!!!!
I cannot get behind anything you do until you get rid of that lunatic in the WH #losingconservatives by the hour
Nope. He will not interpret the Constitution without bias of religious beliefs, as he has proven.
That's funny bc I just read this article:
#SCOTUS
The same confidence you showed Merrick Garland?  Shame.
Gorsuch is a Scalia wannabe, status quo! Confirm him and you're a out of a seat in 2018! America wants real change
GORSUCH MADE HIS MARK DEFENDING RACIST LAWS INTENDED TO STOP BLACKS FROM VOTING.
Ironclad confidence that corporations will be given more rights than individuals?
We will pass but thanks anyway!
Why should we believe anything at all coming out of the GOP and @potus. The Lying Party!

In What? He has NO place on the Supreme Court.
So has Garland. (But also Gorsuch has not) The 9th was nominated almost a year ago.
#ConfirmGorsuch @SenToddYoung @SenDonnelly

So was Judge Garland #garlandfirst
No.
Merrick Garland
Ahem his record shows he is a responsible judge, everyone knows only liberals can determine if you are responsible
Its not about Gorsuch. It is about you robbing another. Thou shall not steal. #MerrickGarland
And, Ironclad conformity to his Fascist Christonazi demands and ideology. He belongs in solitary
Stop the madman in the White House Senator Hatch.
http://in.reuters.com/article/us-global-markets-idINKBN15F03A …
the roof is on fire!your silence is deafening. Start moving your money off shore asap.
NO, NO, and F-NO!
Well Senator he certainly isirocld in his fascism
for old white frightened men such as GOP senate. Sure.
So did #MerrickGarland. You wouldn't even deign to see him.
So does Judge Merrick Garland and you blocked him without cease.
Also, ANSWER YOUR PHONE and EMPTY YOUR MAILBOX. (had to yell..he's old ya know?) #RESISTTRUMP #RESIST
didn't u say the same about Merrick Garland? That's right but because Obama nominated him ur against it #MAGA
as a fellow Utahn may I just say. 8 years of blocking and Merrick Garland's appointment void you as Representative
If you value corporations above people, I am sure that is true.
We had confidence in J Garland. Your #WeNeedNine hashtag is incredibly cynical. How low can you go?
Get him on the bench asap. He is a intellectual legal superstar who will be a tremendous asset to #SCOTUS
Confidence Gorsuch put Corporations Over People? yes, ironclad confidence Gorsuch will attach individual rights
#MerrickGarland "period"
#MerrickGarland
says the LIARS!!
No he hasn't. VOTE NO!!! DO NOT CONFIRM THIS MAN!
