"Achievement" isn't the first word that comes to mind.
Cheating is more appropriate!
The people voted! Get used to it!  No more Government handouts, no more free insurance, time to go to work!
yes that's always the GOP rhetoric fuck the poor to  further enrich the wealthy!
I really want to know! I worked my ass off to make sure that I would not be poor as an adult.I also put my children in private school!
The simple answer is betterment!  But that drive comes from within, not given... that has to be earned! Or never appreciated. Get it?
Blaming, crying, thinking you are owed will never get you anywhere! And we will never get it!
"If not for McConnell, I could never have a seat that was rightfully Obama's to fill."
Agent Blackhead filled his two seats! You do not fill a seat during an election. The people choose, no more Agent Blackhead!
"Agent Blackhead"? 

This is satire, right?
Your a smart boy figure it out?
Yes, I erred in assuming it was satire. A look at your TL revealed a world of Trumpian delusion. Plus you can't spell for shit.
All Atheist reach out to heaven when their time comes! I have seen it more than I care to. So remember that...
If there's a Heaven, you think your Jesus is going to let you in with that racist bullshit you posted earlier? You're filled with poison.
HAHAHA!  I am calling it as I see it! God bless!
My thought exactly. He will always have to live w/the fact that he is only there bcz the GOP cheated Garland and McConnell blew up Senate.
Must be awful to be in his position knowing how he got there but then again he has plagiarized so knows about cheating
Oh please. He doesn't care how he got there!!
that too but hoping he gains a conscious after swearing on the Bible!
Illegitimate 
Bingo!
I could not have won without cheating.
Mitch McConnell is a despicable human being. This is a dark time for America.
Like changing the rules and rewriting the constitution.
The point is Democrats progressive etc. should be pissed off as hell and that we watch some payback spread the word VOTE 2018 #TheResistance
I hear the Mercers were there too. Those are the people who's money funded Trump & Kellyanne Conjob as well as Gorsuch.
We will remember
Thank you McConnell for screwing the people of the US and stealing a seat on on the US Supreme Court
What did he do-CHEAT-LIE-STEAL-DESTROY-the Constitution of the US. How much longer do we have to put up with twitter trump & family???
@LeChatNoire4 By @SenateMajLdr changing the rules & ruining the senate while at it!
We will see you on Election Day Mitch McConnell #StolenSeat #notmypresident #cheaters #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns
All Repubs would have supported Donald Duck for Scotus if appounted by Repub President. Oh but not Garland by Obama. Shameful!!!
Holy shit!
You mean he Cheated. Yeah, thanks Mitch. Kentucky better vote you out.
Was he thank you to Mitch for his presidency? Or for Gorsuch? Oh! Maybe it was a thanks for both...
I hear Turtles make good soup.
Then he writes an op-ed claiming it was because democrats wouldn't work with him. #FUCKMCCONNELL
1: Dems thought that they had the election in the bag (needed help to beat a communist)
2: Dems created the nuclear option (would use it to)
Lol GORSUCH....You didnt get in on your own.......how does that feel!
When you change the rules to win...that's cheating. Something this entire Administration is really good at. Your fall coming. #treason
And I want to see you guys in jail.  Because you belong in jail.  These 2 r a sick perversion of Aesop's Rabbit & Hare fable.
It's almost like Mitch knew what was going to happen...
"Justice Gorsuch*" There should forever be an asterisk next to his name - like a cheating Hall of Fame MLB player.
Stolen seat
Addison Mitchell McConnell Jr & wife Elaine Chao have spent their lives making money living off gov while trying to slash it for working ppl
Hey, it's not every day a President praises someone for lying, cheating, and subverting justice but then again this isn't real life, right?
Finally some truthful words out of this guy who's going to make our lives miserable for the next 40 years.
GOP complicit Russia Cover UP !!
Neil thanking Mitch for the stolen SCOTUS seat. That tells you everything you need to know about him.
Boom  suck on that
McConnell is EVIL!
Don't ever legitimize this seat.  It was never his.  Forever he will sit on a bench not his.
Bye, bye, democracy. It was really nice knowing you.
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr LOCO y LOCO!        You can never put sense in a fool !
Honorable mentions to Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer
Maybe Gorsuch will take a cue from Trump and disavow every single word that has ever come out of his mouth in the past.
...without a hint of irony...
MM better watch his back-this is standard Trump "praise then throw under the bus" behavior.
Trump's too stupid to know everything Mr. Turtle did to steal this seat. Love the way Trump used it to laud himself yet again.
Thank you for buying my seat.

People of Kentucky deserve better. No moral compass on that man.
Can you even believe it? It's like they have 0 ethics.
Nauseating.
Disenfranchising Americans by refusing 2 consider the duly elected president's choice 4 SCOTUS. A BASIC #CivilRights violation @SenateMajLdr

yeah, like be complicit in treason.
MM is such a kiss ass! So ashamed of govt! They have no balls!
What goes around, comes around. 
@SenMajLeader 
Your name will live in infamy, right next to #DonTheCon!
This says a lot about what BS the "aw shucks" act was. He's thanking him, publicly, for his corruption. Wonderful.
Trump may not realize that this makes McConnell even more hated
Merrick Garland should be in this seat. This is a travesty and it's disgusting.
I wonder what the other justices think of this line skipper.

Gorsuch will always be an illegitimate Justice. He should always have an asterisk by his name.He was bought and paid for

yea I guess thank him for destroying the democracy you are now supposed to uphold. Hypocrite much?
And by the way, this was not an "achievement". It was a theft and a mockery of what our government is supposed to be.
Really? Mitch would not Allow a hearing on Garland so he changed the rules to get a conservative in?  Why should any of you be proud?
@GOP gerrymanders to win elections when they can't win by votes, refuses to fulfill 'advise and consent' to steal #SCOTUSnominee. #shameless
Always good to thank your co-conspirators, makes your jail time together more comfortable
It was more a theft than an achievement.
Think about what that says!!
Mitch did it like he kept Merrick from SC
Did t actually SAY this?
I've been reading you all for days, and just have to say keep it up.  I really agree and will continue to folllow you
.@SenMajLeader I want to thank Mitch McConnell for being a perfect asshole.
@senorrinhatch Will work endlessly to get rid of all the scum on the pond
@senorrinhatch this from our leaders don't like the rules just change them  can't wait for 2018 elections.
Mitch is a hypocrite.
RIP GOP
Isn't there something we can do to get rid of McConnell. So tire of seeing his goofy face
American politics have changed for ever thanks to Mitch McConnell
Do not go there.  Will burn yr retinas.
Trump on Inauguration Day, "I want to thank Vladimir Putin for all he did to make this achievement possible"?
Unbelievable.
Trump & his asskissers are praising themselves abt how quickly they got his ass in.As if it was as difficult as it were 4 President Obama


What??  Really?
@CharlesPPierce is going to wear out his asterisk key.
The GOP will have to cheat in 2018 to win seats. It's how they roll
@pollbuster #stolenseat
There will soon no longer be a need for the Legislative branch. The "rules" that kept the Executive branch in check are being widdled away
McConnell was paid well for the stolen seat
Yeah, subvert the constitution @SenateMajLdr 
Ffs
"...particularly his obstruction and being a giant dick"
McConnell must love to be hated....what a disgusting human being!!
And his dark money guy was there in the Rose Garden. We now have SCOTUS bought and paid for by Oligarchs.

Wonder how much McConnell pocketed for this deal? More than "thank you" I'm sure. No separation of church/state to our peril. #TheRESISTANCE
By being an underhanded, partisan hack & stealing this seat!? Yeah that's a big IOU! @SenateMajLdr
Everybody should've vomited.
To true, so damned true.
Wow yes thank you Mitch for changing laws to suit yourself because that is exactly how democracy is suppose to work. Vote him out!!
- Cheeto Christ! What an ass. Mitch thanks himself, too.
It amazes me that they can change the rules in the middle of the game. That's called cheating where I come from.
sick !! ILLEGITIMATE  JUDGE !! Stolen seat appointed by a SO -CALL  THAT IS UNDER INVESTIGATION BY THE FBI FOR TREASON !!Sick
Not only did he not do his job, McConnell's actions destroyed all ability to reach consensus and damaged the democratic process
Worked out well for @SenMajLeader wife too. Makes you wonder what he knew back when he said he'd hold the seat for the next Pres.
You can think Senator Reid for changing the rules in 2013
I read tweet garland didn't withdraw his name&against const/law 2have 2 noms@same time so gorsich could b impeached by future senate?t or f?
Ueah, he's not a political judge. Not too smart either.
The obstruction was YUGE . It was the best obstruction, no one has obstruction like Republicans. The obstruction was very, very, very great
This all makes me sick!!!
We won't forget.
Mitch McConnell is a Dolt!
Ha
Thanks!
You mean how he cheated and changed things? republicans are lying cheating sexist 
Boo hooooooooo
Boo!!!
I wonder if Gorsuch is Proud/Honored in the way he won ! MayHe's like dt Integrity & Moral Standards Never play a role !
I listen to all the questions they asked him .... He's a shady prick lol
Out of the mouths of idiots...
#GorsuchConfirmed not confirmed but re-accommodated to #SCOTUS
McConnell sucks. He needs to go. He stole this seat from Obama.
hmm wonder what Trump is running for in 2018?

Our battle cry!  #TheResistance.
To blatantly shift the rules in our favor to get our desired result. What's next on the agenda? Redistricting to achieve maximum votes.
More correctly: @POTUS , I want to thank @SenateMajLdr for making this historical heist possible. (u will live in infamy Mitch)
Noooooooo.
Quid. Pro. Quo.
I hope the good people of Kentucky finally send @SenateMajLdr packing to the unemployment line in the near future...
Gross
Gorsuch doesn't care how he got there, he's too busy happily thinking about the pepl he will get to help make suffer and die now for profit.
He better be thankful. Clearly he is, he gave McConnells wife a job in his cabinet. Didn't her dad run cocaine?
And Harry Reid...Elections have consequences, Johnny.
IMHO @johnjharwood is irrelevant - a partisan from back in CNBC-Kudlow- Report days where he couldn't hide his love of all things Obama
John is forever exposed...His words mean absolutely nothing.
@SenateMajLdr got paid in ways far beyond a job for his wife.
I was golfing -- did he wink when he said it?
TMI....
Corruption of our democratic system would only be complemented by an authoritarian fascist
Yes, thanks Mitch for breaking all of the rules and protocols. Now when the Dems do the same we should hear no whining from the Republicans
"achievement"
@SenateMajLdr we'll never forget...
Isn't an achievement something you earn, or at least it should be.
Achievement=cheat and change rules to

@POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP they robbed "We the People" of choice and rammed in their @GorsuchFacts Judge will never forget BIG CON!
Not enough scrutiny of the people enabling #DontheCon. Without their support he gets nothing done
Thanks for stealing the seat and changing the rules Mitch! - that's what he meant.  #TrumpRussia #KushnerLied #RussiaGate
That was Gorsuch's personal "fuk you" to all who opposed him. What a prince
With that arrogance, plagiarist mindset I hope he gets a wake-up call when he gets only cordial inclusion from the others.
Vote 2018 y'all
By stealing the seating and breaking the democracy?
First appropriate thing #TreasonousTrump has said.
Please excuse me while I go yack up my lunch. Been feeling that way a lot lately. The GOP and their crap has been a rough way to lose 10 lbs
He really said that?

The hits just keep on comin'
That statement by DJT made me so mad! McTurtle is evil & is destroying America!
This makes me want to VOMIT!
You can thank him when you're both in prison.
 Tell us again, how this achievement was possible. Oh, never mind: Merrick Garland's nomination was blocked for nearly a year. THAT is how.
Impeach scotus
Now he can be open about it. Stolen seat and stolen election.
They all belong in jail..
How can the @PressSec say that a rule change to get #Gorsuch nomination go through is success. The man failed to meet 60 vote threshold.
Keep an eye on @SenateMajLdr's bank accounts and such. He should at least get SOMETHING for the destruction of our democracy.
Congress is burning & they are eating cake, playing the fiddle. Revolution has begun from such breaking points.
Uncle Mitch must go as soon as he can possibly be voted out!!
Where is the
 'vomiting emoticon'
when one REALLY needs it?
Since when do you thank the guy who never gave the guy before you a fucking chance?
Tom Brady thanking the ball boy for making the game balls feel "right"
One man representing one small state should not have such power to corrupt
Putin's gonna be passed he was left out.
this is pretty clearly the "fuck subtext" administration
oh barf!
Rod Blagojevich is in the common room of some prison right now just throwing things at the TV.
Trump's favorite guys, McConnell, Comey and Putin.
Until this administration I have never wished for a Congressman or Supreme Court Justice to contract a fatal and painful disease.
#Gorsuch is a plagiarist and cheat. That's some arbiter of the law foisted upon us by #Trump & #McConnell. America did not choose wisely.

@SenateMajLdr 
@beth4158 He makes his own jokes.
Uniting the nation by acting like an internet troll
Yes, iike deep-sixing Obama's nominee.  Such statesmenship!  Such racism!
Indeed. Without McConnell spitting on the constitution - and the clear obligation of Senate to hold hearings for Garland - this wouldn't be.
And the voters should thank him accordingly in 2018.
DEMS this should be our rally cry for 2018 & 2020.Gorsuch "I want to thank Mitch McConnell for all he did to make this achievement possible"
Vile
Double-dealing and backstabbing are becoming the norm, even honorable.  Neither McConnell, Gorsuch nor Trump will lose sleep over this.
Should have said "I want to thank Harry Reid for all he did to make this achievement possible" #ObamaGate #bidenrule #suckitup
it's spelled Justice Gorsuch*
So @realDonaldTrump thinks that the @GOP obstructionism by @SenateMajLdr should be how Congress operates from now on?
And boy, did McConnell do a lot.
Problem is democrats won't remember this. That is what pains me. Their lack of focus
Criminals.
