Present your best argument for eating bacon.



Well, that's simple. Because!
You've obviously never tasted bacon.
It's amazing
Amen. Amazing!  Bet Bella likes it too.
Haha! 
Stop trying to make memes happen on twitter and go listen to constituents whose healthcare you're trying to destroy
Lol...that's the ONLY REASON you need!!!
Do I need an argument? It speaks for itself. Bacon & Eggs, pancakes Cupcakes, chocolate covered, Deep fried bacon wrapped hot dogs...
DESCRIBES THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PPL & POLICE OR AUTHORITY...ETC. DATA INFO.
BAN IN SPORE AS WELL AS WE DUN NEED NO EDUCATION, WE DUN NEED NO MIND CTRL. PIG. CAN U SMELL THE BACON? CAN U SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKIN?
CDNS LOVE BACON MORE THEN SEX. EXT. POLICE BRUTALITY.LA RIOTS.  **** THE POLICE- BEASTIE BOYS? I THINK..DUN HAVE THAT SONG. BAN IN SPORE AS
It pisses off a jihad terrorist!
I would eat bacon if itwas disgusting just to piss off @peta
@LisaMarieBoothe I eat bacon because I'm American and I want to. Don't force your beliefs on me, that's un-American and wrong
mi love
BLT!
Have yall ever had the Pork belly Sandwich from Arby's?  It is awesome. Barbecue sauce and carmelized onions....yes!
When I tgink of . I act like that dog commercial.  !!!
Think
It's the best dam meat ever created. Beats eating a tree
Eating bacon saves all those plants from another bloodthirsty vegetarian.  And its delicious
It's delicious!
My pro bacon argument is it tastes good. It is the pigs contribution to society & it helps keep Islam out of the USA.
I'm avoiding bacon myself, purely for humanitarian reasons. Call me a hypocrite, but I feel bad for the pigs.
Because Bacon is Yummly.
I  tasty animals 
Tastes good
@MAGAtrump5  Grandpa Hatch with the staunch argument 
Hey PETA there are tons of shampoos and cosmetics that have animal fats. Some don't even reveal.
Tasty on bread w/ lettuce, tomato ends and Miracle Whip.
This is why America has uniquely high obesity, diabetes, and heart disease rates.
It smells like heaven and tastes great
1- Bacon is Man Food.
2- Bacon makes everything else better.
3- The only thing better with a burger than bacon, is more bacon.
I know a politicians answer, "because we love pork."
You are funny, thanks. Enjoying this.
Bacon dipped in dark chocolate makes me happy. There ya go.
Beef and turkey bacon taste better
what was ur argument here
Best multi tweet feed from any congressman ever. End of story.
It helps the population of wild boars. Which are mean and deadly. Also everything tastes better with BACON.
No argument here, our FAMILY loves 
How about.. "I may eat bacon but at least I don't butcher 95% of the animals that end up in my *care"", @peta you bunch of hypocrites..?
Y'know, if they need anecdotal evidence to understand, they'll never get it, so why bother?
It pisses PETA members off. Especially when I do it while wearing my fur coat, fox hat, puppy slippers


'Merica.

.@SpeakerRyan & @GOPLeader are delaying Russia sanctions critical to deterring future attacks. Call & encourage them to act. (202) 224-3121 
Are you fucking serious?
Bacon is the Gateway meat more vegans are turned because of bacon than any other meat
the economist in me says we should thank PETA for not eating bacon. Otherwise, the price would just skyrocket.
Love that !
Humans need to eat to live, humans eat food, bacon is food sooooo #survival until the grease kills you
Wow. You are all sorts of nice, aren't you?
Suggesting that Hatch might want to consider the suffering of the animals he's celebrating the deaths of doesn't seem out of line.
Moreover, Hatch chose to engage with PETA (and anyone who sees this taunting) in a public forum. See nothing wrong responding w/equal vigor.
@Oxco @peta
Reminds me:
Hatch green chiles/eggs/cheddar/taters
And Bacon!
Yum!
Everything in moderation
@Oxco @peta
Most of y'all need to buy a sense of humor
or
get a real life!
So much lameness in this thread
I don't get Tofu
Good for you, Senator. These misguided activists are making us sicker
Delicious packed full of protein
God made animals for food. Steak, chops, fish, chicken and some people eat snails!
It tastes good, and PETA is full to the top with libtards.
People 
Eating
Tasty
Animals 

@peta #Bacon is delicious! 
Bacon as a side dish to Steak & eggs!

Who's up for Kale? Quinoa? Tasty cardboard
Hats off Senator, you win twitter today.
You tell em Senator!
Hell yes Hatch.
...no argument is needed. The consumption of bacon is accepted as good a priori
If you don't eat it, it will just sit there. Come on - food is food! Get with it!
But do you love the #FirstAmendment? Unblock me on Facebook or provide evidence of some transgression. #CallHimHome #HatchBlockedMe
steaming hot stack of pancakes w/ whipped butter and warm maple syrup with a glass of milk and a cup of hot black coffee, oh and sausage too
Really? Just  WTF?
You must have a crappy sense of humour. Thankfully you're not a verified nobody so that makes it slightly better.
It both tastes great and causes other foods to taste greater like cheese .
1. YUMMY!
2. Stay out of my business!

@MikeNeedham @peta Why does it need to be anything more than, because I like it? #Bacon #baconislife #ItTastesGood
Peta is revolting so tbh this is pretty amazing. Signed, a vegetarian
This is your commentary on the budget, right? You're right; it's just a lot of pork.
I can't argue with that.

@TrumpDC @BLTPrimexDB #Bacongasm
- that is an awesome argument for having the right to eat bacon, but it doesn't answer question. PS, I eat bacon.
For the win!!!!
Want to live near a hog waste lagoon in NC? Or, have it sprayed on the field next to your house? Didn't think so...ugh!
Taste. But it is a terrible thing to have to kill animals. We need to speed up process of make proteins that taste like savory meats.
*making
Pig's will eat pig's
So now senators are acting like f*cking children, guess no surprise from someone who is ok with KKK
You must be fun at parties
Damn it's good.
 is why you can; doesn't provide argument for why you should.
And beer?
Muslim terrorist repellent?
Do your dentures let you eat crispy bacon or do you just gum on the soft stuff
I am literally tearing up! THAT IS SOOOOO FLIPPING FUNNY!
It never lies to me. Ever. About anything.

Mmmm Bacon! Enough said!
I hurts to agree with you. Your politics are beyond barbaric and self centered, but bacon is good.
You just gotta hate, don't you?
Hatch's social media staffer is the best!
I think I  U
I like being at the top of the food chain. Thank you ancestors for learning to walk upright.
Cause you know ...that whole evolution thing.
The American people overwhelmingly support bacon!
What's your plan for all the pig farmers who will be out of work? Coal mining?
We have ourselves a winner.
@ReaganBattalion @peta 
Die before lack of health care kills me!?
Are you saying America is the best argument for eating bacon? Have you taken a good look at 45 lately?
I'll give you that one.
Hatch is saying bacon? Isn't he an actor? The man doesn't know what day it is. His aids tell him what to say in hearings.
It's sad that you have posts like this and yet you NEVER address the concerns of your constituents regarding the #BetterCare Act
When you don't have a leg to stand on, make jokes?
It tastes good! and eating Bacon helps give jobs to the people that make it and raise Bacon!
Senator Hatch, we don't agree much, but bacon has bipartisan support. Ha!
It's goes well with omelette.
typical conservative argument:
"bUt muh PaTrioTisms!"
