UNREAL: ESPN Pulls Asian-American Announcer From Virginia Football Game Because His Name Is Robert Lee http://trib.al/xerK5Jb 
Good one, sir.
No Ho's to announce female sports

Charlottesville was staged by Soros, Obama, Hillary, Gov of VA, & Mayor, which resulted in a Death. Lock them up!
These bad actors must be purged from our Gov or we will become a totalitarian state. Stalinist Tactics must be purged from our Gov.
It was no coincidence that Charlottesville was chosen for this staged protests and anarchy.
Republicans like Graham, Rubio, McCain, Ryan's comments re POTUS post C'Ville are equivalent to Stalinist Ideology! http://youtu.be/KHwtxQy-3dk 
That's quite funny Orrin!!
Someone's been studying comedy with Mike Huckabee.
Huck has not been advising Orrin (Wish he had been so we could get credit for that TREMENDOUS joke - LOL!)
Hatch for President
Soon! #ImpeachTrumpPence Goodbye @SpeakerRyan and Yertle, hello #PresidentHatch. #countdownto46
This article's coverage is so misleading. They moved him 1 game out of Charlottesville to somewhere else FOR HIS SAFETY

@senorrinhatch you should be ashamed for using such a sensationalist source. FAKE NEWS
GOP coup, Russia assisted, Drumpf plays trojan horse. NEVER GONNA HAPPEN. You'd be assassinated if you tried to steal this from Hillary.
It was a mutual decision between ESPN and Robert Lee. An excess of caution maybe but at least a sign of caring about others.
As opposed to those in your party, who see fit to espouse the fine people of the KKK and NeoNazis.
Orrin sold his sold years ago...not surprising he is still around after all this time.
WOW, can we just get rid of ESPN??
some levity! THANK YOU SIR!
Twitter makes me like you more. #funny
Hahahaha,  funny guy.
Senator, what are you doing to protect us from Trump family's profiteering & treasonous actions? How will you keep 34 from launching nukes?
Ok, senator. That's actually very funny. 
@ChipHinkleman Are you suddenly advising Orrin Hatch on "how to be funny on Twitter" too? Or are you exclusive to Huckabee?
Funny. What's not funny? ExxonMobil's allegedly misled pblc on climate change 4 40 years. U've been emitting useless fumes as a Sen. for 35.
What's your secret to such a long life? And when you fought in the Civil War, was it in B&W like the photos, or was there color back then?

They already pulled some other guy named Adolph Hitler but nobody ever talks about it
Self aware humor... +1. Failure to stop the chaos happening in the WH... -1000.
ESPN really didn't need to do that. Silly.
You get a prize @senorrinhatch! Very good.  
Not his real name; it's Anglicized. His real name is Lobert E Wee
LOL!!!
That makes even less sense than #CrossCheck,
@ least Cross Check has a reason: Rig elections for GOP.
When'll U GOP stop rigging elections?
U really do have a witty sense of humor.
@impeach_bannon @townhallcom @ESPN are fools. This is on them. This wasn't truly a problem tilthey made it one.
Now, that's funny.
Nice one, Senator!  Now please come get your boy.
Spend less time commenting on ESPN and more time focused on the graceless, classless individual heading your party & running the country.

Did you really fight for the South?  Senor Rin
This is a line from a horror movie, right?
Ok, that's funny. Touché.
@agent_it @townhallcom 
Idiots sue them for racism n discrimination
America needs a laugh Senator Hatch.  Thank you!
Love it Senator.
Who knew the Senator was funny?
I believe it's unanimous everyone knows this was stupid.
A Senator with a wicked sense of humor.
Sir, you would fit right on board a nuclear submarine crew.
Words, words, words
Names, names, names
Well said!
God, I don't really like you, but that is funny.
@jonlovett who knew Orrin was so adorable?
serious?
Haha good one!
Props, Senator.
What wrong with ESPN. Talk about a common last name.
Nicely done.
You just made the best argument for #TermLimits ever. May the ghosts of Strom Thurmond, Jesse Helms, and Frank Lautenberg haunt you forever!
Lol
Ok, that wasfunny
I knew it. You are the Highlander. There can be only one!
Bravo Senator!

Well played, sir!
I actually laughed out loud. Thank you for that. 
YOU'RE THE THREE-EYED RAVEN!
We award the senator from the great state of Utah, one internet.
You are a good tweeter
That's funny, Ya know humor is in the mind of the B holder.
I hope you're a better #POTUS than @realDonaldTrump. The bar is PRETTY LOW. Good luck & please make us proud to be American again. #Resist
See, you should use a fake name.  Helps me a lot.  My ancestors go back to the Mayflower.  Sure some were in Civil War.
Genius tweet.  Wit Level? Mark Twain.
Good thing they don't have an announcer named Ted Bundy.
Good for you Senator  (from a lifelong Dem)
@chrisrock is the only person who could make @senorrinhatch funny
Sounds like fake news to me.
He is a REAL elder statesman!!!!!
Just don't wear LEE jeans! Lol!
lol
Sen. Hatch, your service (and patience) at the Siege of Vicksburg will not be forgotten! And your sense of humor is very much appreciated! 
Ok, well we know #PresidentHatch has some good twitter game and a sense of humor
You win, bro.
Sports practice for older bro. He hasn't pooped. Yet. #WillHeKeepTheStreakAlive
Sen Hatch, that is literally the funniest thing you've ever said. Bring the funny. And your authority to check this madman
Read some real history instead of that tripe rich Northerners pushed down our throats as white racists:Historical facts not drummed-up lies.

Don't defend the confederacy as a United States Senator. If they had won mormons would still be subjected. Shame on you.
He didn't say which side... just alluded to the fact he's an elder. 
Sen Hatch is killing me…
Which side?
How about we happen upon senators who will do the will of those who voted for them. That'd be a first
Alright Orrin alright 
There are alof of people who think you are a statue
Make the right choice & you'll go down on the right side of history. If not all $$ from special interest will not be enough to save you.
Protect our National Parks & Monuments. These can't be replaced! Gas, oil & mining are destructive & becoming obsolete. Protect wild places
@StevenLacey Dammit, but that was FUNNY.
Cant come soon enough
Senator, I'm a lifelong D and am just so embarrassed
Whoa, you're funny.
Well Done Sir

Omg! He's The Doctor!
Sir, congratulations, you now own the internet. Do you know where your car is at?
Haha
Ha ha. Now that's funny. According to ESPN, however, this is fake news. It was a mutual decision:
What side were you on?
Nicely played Sir
@senorrinhatch i am developing a man-crush on you, sir.
A senator with a sense of humour!...love it...lmao
Hatch helped design Ryan's new "SCREW MIDDLE CLASS taking away deductions for 401K etc & fed programs to give top 1% TAX CUTS of $3 TRILLION
What about a civil war era Robert Byrd?
Insanity rules!
Hatch prefers the term "oriental" American" because he is so in touch with what is going on today and not racist.
lololol! that was funny!

Yeah all those Chinese Lees are Confederate traitors. Too bad so few know American history.
I'm changing my name to Jubal Early.
Tweet of the day
That's funny, but still retire, pls.
Love it
No. Because he is Asian and only knows about ping pong and golf. Duh!
Ha ha ha.  Actually not funny.  Many of your views are civil-war era and you have been a Senator far too long.
Scrolling through comments....Libs so unhinged! Seriously, lighten up! Life is what you make it, being spiteful/hateful 24/7 is just sad!
ESPN should be ashamed!
good one, @senorrinhatch
Classic. Don't let @espn hear about this!
Please impeach @realDonaldTrump sir!
Lol
But more importantly, will you join ESPN when they hold a protest rally againt each stone wall in the country?
Ok. That was funny...
Please retire
Which side did you fight on?
lol!  Perfect!  (Here's Rhett and Scarlett, right after Antifa burned Atlanta!)
Not signed ogh - brave social media intern.

I think we have to take down Orrin Hatch or cover him with a cloth or something.
WHO IS ASIAN
Racism at its height
Mmkay, you got my follow. :)
Good tweet 
Ah, sense of humor...who knew
IDIOTS GALORE TAKING DECISIONS.
Nice one! 
No way this is real...
ESPN's Idiotic reaction has no boundaries.
Omgosh. Patience be with us. No really. Comedy gold in an ocean of telepaths.

Did you watch your president tonight? Your party, your base. And you Republicans continue to support him. How about American before Russia?
Omg the insanity
Boy, I hope the ESPN thing is a joke.
F-ing brilliant
If you see a president you should impeach don't be alarmed.  @jasoninthehouse
Let's drop the Huckabee-esque tweets and get started on #impeachment before @realDonaldTrump starts another civil war, OK, Hatchster?
U gents r so brave for avoiding commenting your prez 2nite.
Your statues will all have to come down too.  Especially since you didn't do anything to help Charles Sumner.
Funny as hell.  Thx for the laugh 
Ok, but which side?
Senator what has happened to America?
Alright, that was pretty funny.
Not a fan of your politics at all but this was hilarious, Well done Sir, well done!
Distance yourself from fascist flags.
Well done sir!
Good one

Lol classic. Only as old as your knees feel in the morning @senorrinhatch !
Nice. If it came down to it, I'd accept you as president.

#TermLimits
Lol!!
In 1942 Mississippi determined that for purposes of the color line Asians were to be considered white. In 2017 so has ESPN.
So these Asians from Sri Lanka were considered in 1942 MS as white too?

Personally I think the middle one looks more like a Vulcan. ;-)
Technically, they are Caucasians. "Little Black Sambo" was Caucasian, as tigers are not native to Africa, but Brits call many folks "black."
Senator, thank you for having humor.  It is sorely missed in today's world.

OK, HRC's campaign was an unacknowledged comedy of errors too.
Not funny, Townhall. Especially re: Utah history & Chinese railroad workers. White unemployed blamed immigrants not mgmnt. Same as today.

Best take yet! Your staff has the best sense of humor!
Nice jab.

Strapping young lad of thirty at the time? LOL. BTW, please get ready for responsibility. I think you're probably about to be POTUS.
@Tieganomic your grandpa just lit a fire on twitter. You should be proud.
Asses
@MelissaTweets @townhallcom Did Utah fight in the Civil War?
This is what your focused on? The president just complained a pundit got fired for tweeting a Nazi salute and wants to pardon a criminal
every person any president pardons are convicted criminals, including the ones obama pardoned. you know, the drug dealers.
You have got to be kidding me.  @espn, you have lost your minds.
Big respect to Senator Hatch for the funny tweet, though.
Hey, Foo, guess which sports network I am going to nominate for douchebag of the week!
Thanks for nothing Senator. When you going on that vacay?  Is daddy Soros going ?   Ok great.
I may not always agree with you Senator.  However, I always love your sense of humor.

How ridiculous
Ok.  So I don't agree with your positions oftentimes, but that was brilliant.  Your Man is off the rails again, BTW.
"You should see this funny Orrin Hatch tweet" is not something I expected to say today.
or ever #LetsBeHonest
We KNOW what your history is Senator! Fair people realize that a whole bunch of people your age were racists...we ONLY hold it against....
those who CLEARLY STILL ARE...like @realDonaldTrump has CONSISTENTLY done!!! U made clear with your post-#Charolettesville tweet that u...
r not! You have evolved! FYI...Trump just said he is gonna pardon Arpaio!!!
I heard him imply...
Ok..well..just watch! He emphasized that Arpaio didn't need to worry & "was going to be okay!"

@charlescwcooke @townhallcom Cmon people that was funny
Breaking: Antifa has torn down the Orin Hatch statue.
Senator Hatch gets the dancing panda bears award tonight on @Twitter
OMG Senator that is hilarious! Get'em!
We love our senator orrin hatch
And the one from Ancient Rome as well?
Now THAT's funny.
Have you looked at the news recently
How about working on the President's agenda instead of trying to come up with edgy posts on Twitter, Senator?
Ba da bing!
#old
Ok. That was funny
Hey the Orange Clown is in the middle of another Shit show
Calm down, Orrin
I'm sure you're wearing a grey coat... #retireoldman #shitgibbonlackey
Now is really not the time
Yeah... I mean, I laughed. I also cringed. It's funny, I'll give him points for that, but the timing ain't great.
