What's the first big news story you were aware of as a kid? http://deadsp.in/NHnk6NH  
You sound like father. I can still hear him shouting about "that #fakenews Pennsylvania Evening Post" over that.
Funny. It could also be considered the first #FakeNews since the battle occurred on Breeds Hill, not Bunker.
Always nice to see a Senator taking time to respond to a bot.
Responding to a bot is at least something since he won't respond to his constituents.
Actually his twitter is usually a staffer #taxpayer salary answering a bot, also probably paid for by middle class tax money. Ah irony
John F. Kennedy's funeral.
Which side were you on?
LOL.
Clinton Impeachment, Bush v. Gore, Dale Earnhardt sr death. :(
Who whispered that in your ear?
Americans demand @HouseGOP @SenateGOP get off your ass! Make our damn country, citizens you serve a priority over @GOP! #ImpeachTrump NOW!
Bahhhhhahahahahahaha
Move over Mike Huckabee!
Apparently you've forgotten their example of standing up to abuses of power.
Really? I thought you were two days older than dirt and water.
Well played, Senator! Well played! 

You call them your friends. I believe you're mistaken. 4 decades is long enough with your friends. It's time to retire.
Ha, funny! Now do your job and save this democracy from the lunatic in office please.


5 yo ---JFK assassination
Ok, now that was funny.
SENATOR HATCH,
IT'S LATE,  U'RE VERY,VERY OLD.
AND WE CANNOT ALLOW U TO HELP PROTECT TOMORROW FOR AMERICAN WORKRS. 
RETIRE! 
#RETIREALREADY
Sputnik.
JFK'S funeral on TV.  I was 3
That would be funny if you weren't trying to rob millions of healthcare & letting a traitor occupy the White House.
Cuban missle crisis. My father, a naval officer, came home,  and was shaking. I dimly remember what he said to my mom. I was confused.
Nice deflection!  How about dealing with the problem on your doorstep!!  20 years from now, you could be the topic!!  What did you do?
Senator, I am ambivalent about you. But, I LOVE  this tweet. You have been, and obviously continue to be, a public servant.
Falklands war
The assassination attempt of Pope Saint John Paul the Great.
Iran contra

Sadat's visit to Israel.
Good sense of humor there Senator. I like it.
Adam and Eve
Golf clap
Moon landing.
bravo
John Glenn successfully orbited around the Earth.
Well done. 
WHICH MILLENNIAL IS TRYING TO MAKE YOU RELEVANT. SHOW YOURSELF
Why did we bother fighting hard to give the GOP the Congress and the White House? You all have proven worthless.
John Lennon being shot
Newsreels: early fifties eruption.  Live: McCarthy hearings (wah-wah-wah-wah)
I was thinking the a-bomb drills but I did remember a fairly uneventful Eisenhower admin. You beat me.
Elvis dying.
Are you sure it wasn't the Teutoburg Forest?
New revolution brewing. New Tea Party to repeal & replace Do-Nothing Repubs: no HC, no Tax Cuts, no Wall, no support for our President!
Ya know what? I'm gonna give you that. Funny. When you become acting POTUS, it'll be helpful to have a sense of humor.
Senator, I think you're straying into @JohnDingell's territory with this one.
Kennedys assasination....
The Beatles on Ed Sullivan
Kennedy's Election as a Roman Catholic & 3 years later his Assassination..
Baby Jessica
Nixon resigning think I was 5 the next big thing I remember was my aunt telling me Ford was for the rich,45 years still the same rhetoric
Watergate
Lmao
Someone deserves a raise.
Not funny. @gop enabling outright treason, collusion & ignores #emoluments violations + #25thAmendment #PenceKnew #TrumpRussia #TrumpTreason
The Cuban Missile Crisis, what led up to it, and the aftermath! Again, with the Russians. My dad even had to learn Russian!

I've been asked by my 17 year old what the civil war was like and if I ever met president Lincoln
And how was he?
Tall very tall
Boss
Don't you mean "The epic of Gilgamesh?"
millions of Americans will grow up with the news of a reckless potus and the senators who enabled him by placing partisanship over democracy
Do you libtards have to ruin everything? Give it rest.
The Korean War
Bringing it with the self deprecating humor. I like
Quatre Bras, but now-a-days people call it the Battle of Waterloo.
Thanks for the laugh, senator! I said Vietnam, which made me the oldest....
I was thinking about joining in, but this is just too perfect.
Funny. It could also be considered the first #FakeNews since the battle occurred on Breeds Hill, not Bunker.
I knew he was older than me but wow!
President Kennedys assassination.
JFK assassination.
You look really good for your age. Must be that awesome health care we pay for. You're welcome.
I remember one about a senate race in Utah some 40 years ago Hatch campaigned on term limits.
Posts like this show just how disconnected Hatch is not just from reality but also from his own pathetic staff.
Wait, you didn't discover America?


4 dead in Ohio. The Kent State shootings.  1970.
Hatch -- Riddle time ?? My priorities are to figure out what the RUSSIAN Connections are -- so much more interesting ... don't you think ?
Kennedy assassination
Clueless as a kid. In HS: Khrushchev banging shoe and freshman in college: Cuba missle crisis. Most vivid: Kennedy assassination
The Spanish Inquisition.
Thought it'd Boston Massacre
Well done, sir. Well done.
You're as funny as you are young.
Maybe you can teach @GovMikeHuckabee to actually be funny.
Glad you still have a sense of humor, sir.
News flash, Senator Hatch doesn't tweet- it's his staffers.
This literally got me laughing 
Shit he's funny give this intern a raise
Noah's ark.
You could have picked one where the Americans won at least. LOL.
You're younger than I thought
#GulfWar
Don't you mean the signing of the Magna Carta you fossilized clump of rhino anal secretions?
Lmao
Space Shuttle blowing up with sally ride aboard
boom self-roasted
I never knew you had a sense of humor..that was quiet funny!!!!!
News flash, his staffers do the tweets....
9/11

Exhibit A  

Former DNI James Clapper: Trump is making Russia great again. WATCH: http://on.msnbc.com/2ua3dSc 

Democrat @GerryConnolly: Trump family is already guilty of collusion, POTUS has no power to limit Russia probe 
