Only if 99% of us feel like getting F U C K E D  O V E R.
....and Dems don't play at all. They just obstruct. 
“I hope we’ll have support from congress in both sides of the aisle for the benefit of this country AT STOPPING THIS HAND OUT TO RICH.
Dems want equality. How about a flat tax? Simple. Fair. Let's do it!
American people have no confidence or trust in the GOP or WH
.....Nor do we trust the Obstructionists (Aka  Dems).
Dead lock on "do nothing" Dems and heroes obstruct intended pain Injustice and destruction . TG for their courageous stance.
Actual bipartisanship or just yield to R's?  Just curious...
it is not both sides of the aisle.This is war between the classes, declared by YOU. No amount of lies will dispel the truth: WEALTHY benefit
CEOs would all be fired for acting like our government does. Can’t wait til that happens  and please take the liar in chief with you
I can get over the phucking arrogance of these pigs! WAKE UP AMERICA!
Oh I get it, this is part of the Hatch Def Jam comedy hour.  Good one, Orrin.
No, no, no. You're supposed to say "But HILLARY..... "
@NBCPolitics Rich Will Get Richer
Ron Wyden of the Senate Finance Committee: (Expand for more info)
Bottom line: Nothing in this #TrumpTaxScam for the middle class. Big, fat giveaways to Trump & his friends.
The GOP routinely shuts Democrats out of the legislative process. How dare you now ask for cooperation?
Ok, well they'll just do it how they want & Dems have no right to complain about it.
That's exactly what Rs do anyway. No hearings, no debate, no Ds permitted in meetings, no CBO scoring, midnight votes...
And how is that working out for you? No movement on health care, no major legislation. Your party is completely incoherent.
And "no right to complain?" We have a responsibility to speak against the harm Rs are doing.
Orin-Remember Mitch's pledge to "Just Stop any Obama initiative". 
W/O guys behind you-Auto Saved, Recovery foundation laid. OOPS we forgot
There is not one Democrat who would vote for a bunch of tax cuts for the wealthy paid for by cutting essential services.  #whatareyouon?
#SwampScum all of 'em.
Republicans want Paul Ryan ousted, too. He's a sorry excuse for Speaker of the House. Loyal only to his lobbyists.
This is the pig who told disabled protesters of the  despicable GOP health care bill to "shut up". Why is no one talking about it?
F*CK Senator Hatch. His white-trash old school style of governing is OVER
@senorrinhatch
Now that's a new tune from GOP leadership! Trump eroding GOP identity.
That will be up to you genuinely inviting participation and respecting input of dems. No more secret meeting s
Why aren't these people having a press conference to say how they are going to help the people in Puerto Rico????
They have one every morning boo
Pathetic old men trying desperately to enrich their coffers.
Nope.
dude's had more work done than Jane Fonda, and it hasn't helped.
Scary old white men.
Where was all these when they were putting together that ridiculous health care hazard bill xxx
By "this country" you mean "us greedy Republican Mofos".....in the Senate!
NBC you behave like lobbyists, are you allowed to promote politicians who will give your corporate owner huge tax cuts?
There will be no bipartisanship on this tax plan. It changes things to the worst for those of us who have worked daily for this country.
Begging now
Not going to happen. The people woke up and u can't lie & con us anymore.
Well, Sen Hatch, I hope you get exactly the cooperation you gave @BarackObama !! No more. no less
Because the GOP has been so bi-partisan!
of the NFL with all their money.
I think all of you are for yourself. You all don't work that hard for the country but you get paid nicely. It like what you think about
We won't . Liberals hate tax cuts for working people. They have their own brand of trickle down. Pay more taxes and they'll trickle it down.
Suddenly, Trump is prepared & familiar with an issue. If he gets it, all is forgiven&forgotten. No wall, no ACA repeal, no jobs, no problem.

"try to turn this mess around..." Hatch says.
For the benefit of this country, @senorrinhatch should retire!
NOBODY SHOULD SUPPORT the latest proposal from Trump and the Republicans!!!!
What the heck is Ryan laughing about?
That's @SpeakerRyan standard Shit eating grin. Smug. Self righteous. Gerrymandering POS that he is. Donate to @IronStache get rid of Paul.

Tax cuts for the super rich?!! NOT in the best interest of all Americans.
Well then allow them to participate. Quit hiding out. This is about all Americans.
wait, wait, wait...  isn't this the luncheon that Dems were specifically excluded from???
Maybe you should have thought of that BEFORE you yelled at disabled protesters
This will happen here soon...
Fight breaks out in Uganda's parliament as legislation is introduced that could extend president's decades-long term http://abcn.ws/2fr9VNg  
Things tht @Obama said for 8 yrs.....thks @GOP
I think it's time for a taste of your own medicine @senorrinhatch
@MSNBC @NBCNews Paul Ryan know only that expression seems like he is ashamed of his tax plan
dems have no message but resist n obstruction to hurt trump, but people know they r hurting country. when trump succeeds on tax reform, all americans prosper. dems r digging their election graves for 2018 n 2020.
Forgive me for being skeptical...........
For the benefit of the GOP.
Damn liar!
What is he seeking support on?
Good luck with that

To clarify, the GOP members of Congress EXCLUDED the Dems from participating in their tax reform efforts, yet now expect their support.
Are they recognizing Hatch as defacto President? Sure looks like it.
Where was that support for Obama?
@senorrinhatch TOLD DISABLED PROTESTERS TO SHUT UP!!
Americans do not have confidence in the GOP
Repubs needed repeal of Obamacare to get their tax breaks for big biz and top 2%. Now what? Tax breaks for most of us??
Dont count on it, the Dems would rather the country slip into a depression.n than help any1
Probably will. Dems are always known to favor tax cuts for the Uber rich like you will try to pass.
Not as long as the GOP has control.
This is why we can't have nice things!
If you want support from both sides of the aisle, you make sure you develop it with both sides of the aisle.
What's your definition of "benefit for the country"?  Rich getting richer, Poor getting poorer and disappearing middle class?

I doubt it, maybe Senator Joe Manchin or Senator Hyde Hdyecamp?
Why? They didn't want their support for healthcare.
Depends how much you Republicans want to screw over middle and lower class Americans just to help your rich buddies.
Tax cuts for the 1% and tax increase for those with multiple dependents.  Um, no thank you.
#RedAlert: Republican requesting support is truly a sign they need the 5,000,000,000,000 dollar tax plan they promise the Kosh brothers.
How come you didn't say that when Barrack Obama was president?

Ya sure Hatch?? Your credibility to help Americans is like your circular driveway to benefit the rich again didn't bush try this already?
Oh yes he did right before the collapse of the 2nd worst recession! Millions lost homes, 401k TRICKLE THIS!!
What about Puerto Rico
Actually they do whatever imports read yet can you come directly from another country has to go to the US first they put it on US vessels
Present a bill that gives the largest tax break to the middle class and there will be bipartisan support, I guarantee it.
yeah--no.

Obama Sucks Obamacare Sucks of course he's Exempt from paying for his own Law
