It is not a time to say "What about.." but to seriously ask ourselves "What now?" #Charlottesville
Either we succumb to the bigotry and tribalism which threaten to tear us apart--or we condemn evil in all its forms. ( via @somogettynews )
I believe the unbreakable bonds of affection which have held us together as a nation are stronger than the forces which seek to divide us.
Above all, I believe in the virtue of civility. Today, I am recommitting myself to civility--and I hope you will join me in doing the same.
Civility requires that we approach debate and discourse with sound logic and new ideas, not with cardboard shields and tiki torches.
Civility asks that we bear our beliefs proudly and in the open, not behind the cowardly anonymity of social media accounts.
Let us all resolve to change. Let us all commit to fighting hatred in our communities with love, empathy, understanding. #Charlottesville
FULL REMARKS-- "In Wake of Charlottesville Violence, Hatch Calls for Civility, Unity" https://www.hatch.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=releases&id=F96C3063-3D77-4858-B3DB-C4D37BA9A6F7 … #Charlottesville #utpol
Seems like you should b telling this to your president
. this picture reminds me of the black @gardengrovepd officer Mayors Dalton/Broadwater used as a prop the last time I spoke at council #AMDG
entire planet just how hateful he is. He is not worthy of the seat he holds. #OUSTTHISKKKSYMPATHIZERNOW #OUSTALLOFTHEWHITENATIONALSNOW!!!
Senator Hatch, I watched you through the decades being the sober Sage of the Republican Party. Don't let this President be your legacy.
if by our nation you mean the Republican Party - totally associated w Trumpism/Nazism then yeah. START WITH YOUR OWN PARTY
Senator, there are violent haters on all sides. Blame the mayor & police for letting them get together & turn the streets into a war zone.
It's a few idiots.  No one condones these groups.  This is another distraction for Congress to talk about and not do there jobs. FIX TAXES!
Yeah , a lot of it ! Get rid of Donald ! He  is No Good as this Countries Leader ! Donald Duck would have done a better job !
Search your soul and stand up against your racist-sympathizing Republican President.
I AM A REPUBLICAN THAT IS TURNING THEIR BACK ON YOU SEN. HATCH. YOU ARE TURNING YOUR BACK ON AMERICA. NEVER AGAIN WILL I VOTE FOR A REP.
Civility requires you and your R's to invoke the 25th amendment b4 it is too late and serious unrepairable damage is done to the country
I believe majority of citizens searched their souls decades ago. You, just now? Where have you been? No TV news of black children murdered?
It does not matter who is murdered black or white. He is defending his deplorables because he is just like them. This is his plan to MAGA
MAWC his own personal ISIS
his true thoughts and feelings. Put this radical hater where he belongs, in the gutter traveling to prison! Don't allow him to show the
How about you get to work about the business of running this country and doing any number of the things you said you were going to do?
Sen Hatch, I would like to know what about DJT? I want to see Impeachment process to begin, there is no room for hate or the KKK in the WH!
If there's one thing i really hate is #Conservative with no vertebral column and they go with the way the wind moves.
I seldom agree with @senorrinhatch but he strikes me as a man of principle and was among the first to condemn strongly the Nazis in VA
Of course because your a liberal. I wonder what did you think the day the Bernie sanders supporter shoot the republicans at the park 
You're
good man u the real OG #Charlottesville
He is mentally unfit and has aligned the USA to White Supremacy! We all know he grew up with KKK parents. Not surprised at him aligning LIVE

The Fake News Media was silent when Obama refused to condemn #BlackLivesMatter for the murder of 5 cops in Dallas.

…
U and your Repub Senators have some soul searching!
I have none to do, because like most I judge the person, not race or nationality.
And you sir...You've got some impeaching to do...
As someone once said, a fish rots from the head, down.
Impeach Trump now. U have been part of the violence getting to this point by protecting Trump! U should resign too!
Thank you, Senator.  In addition, our Senators and Representatives have some soul-searching to do.
The people are calling on you to do something, then!!!!!
Impeach. Your party controls Congress. It's long past time.
Thank You Sen. Hatch
CONGRESS .@HouseGOP .@HouseDemocrats .@SenateGOP .@SenateDems FOR the times .@POTUS44 was disrespected  How do YOU Condone words of #45
Mr. Hatch, I'm dumbfounded as to why you and your colleagues aren't removing this atrocity from office.
What's happening in America is a lesson for us all. Prejudice & hatred are destructive evils not to be tolerated by any nation. #RiseAbove 
These nice white young men chased this young man into the parking garage, beating him, Deandre has a concussion, broken wrist, head staples.
You must impeach Trump. We cannot have a nazi sympathizer in the WH. #ImpeachTrump
Impeach this terrorist supporter
Gee, if only you knew someone in a position to actually do something. Like a US Senator or something...
Absolutely. So how much more soul searching do you have to do Mr. Hatch, until you decide that this president is an abomination and must go?
IMPEACH HIM!!!!!!!!! He is an immediate threat to the American way of life! He makes ISIS look like toddlers
NO.. YOU have some soul searching to do.  Most of us know right from wrong. and *45 is just wrong!  #RESIST & #REPLACE45
Far more unites us than divides us.  Thank you for speaking out against your party's leader and using your voice for positive change.
You sir are in a direct position to do something about this....
Senator You should be leading You need to take a stand. It is not going to make your paymasters happy, or improve your comfy life, but do it
thread
Senator-GOP needs to start soul searching. Trump just excused these pathetic Nazis who KILLED a woman. They threaten to kill more! Speak out
YOU have soul searching to do. YOU have aided and abetted Trump, who sleeps with Nazis. YOU have soul searching to do. YOU have stood by
What about your Dear Leader?When are you going to call him to task for his abominable behavior?When are you going to stand up to him?
You know that photo was not from Charlotte
Our nation does have some soul-searching but members of Congress need to step up and recognize this man is unfit to serve as POTUS.
Sir, please start impeachment proceedings. For the love of God.
This is not adequate.
Too late for the GOP-- they sold their soul decades ago.
& YOU @senorrinhatch have WORK to do!  As a PATRIOT.  Stand up and DENOUNCE @POTUS spewing hate, lies and corruption.  Or remain #complicit
Remember when the asshole you endorsed defended these nazis just now?
What now?  Impeachment!
This weekend's violence was the result of Neo-Nazi White Supremacists convening on Charlottesville to protect a symbol of racism!
Are you speaking to the @HouseGOP about impeachment? Here is a soul-searching question: Why is it taking so long to #ImpeachTrump?
Then do something.  We can't do it alone.
IMPEACH
In the wake of this weekend's violence, and our president words, and the people that surround him, our nation has to do some impeaching!
Maybe it's time for y'all in the @GOP to do some soul-searching as to why you are allowing this to happen to our country and your party
This image breaks my heart.
Yes, you do. You have been supporting a POTUS who is a racist sexual predator.
Ironic. A brother is remembered for dying in Europe fighting nazis, another brother will be remembered for supporting one in the White House
Yes.
Please find in your soul the power to stand up for America and impeach this president who has created an environment for hate to flourish
This photo sayss it all: a  black man protecting those who hate him.
el senado norteamericano podría reducir las posibilidades de confrontación racial ese es el trabajo
Really? Our Nation? Are you saying these few idiots speak for the US?  Will you every respond to my  quality questions, especially on #h1b
I know impeaching Donald Trump means you lose Pence' legislative vote. Do it anyway, because it's right and just.
Please impeach Donald Trump. His constant tweet storms are documented proof he is a danger to our Nation, & of Republican complacency.
And what did you find when you reflected on the amount of overlap between the @GOP platform and Jesus' humble request for his children?
Trump is sick.  How much more must we see? Dangerous. Unfit. Emboldening and inciting domestic terrorists.  You know it
The Trump train has derailed.
YOU and other GOP leaders have some soul-searching to do!  By your silence heretofore, you facilitated Trump and his racist advisors
I appreciate this Sen Hatch. But you helped bring Trump to power. Own your role and remove the white nationalists from the WH
The leader of your party tweeted the following:
With all due respect, the leader of @GOP @realDonaldTrump is encouraging and enabling white supremacy. Look at his twitter feed this AM.
In the wake of this weekend's violence Sen. Hatch has some soul searching to do. Will he continue his unqualified support for Little Donny?
This weekend's violence?
Would be nice if the GOP stop dividing Americans, over Race, Gender, Sex, Women's Health, Healthcare, ect,
Correction. The GOP has some soul searching to do. You are the ones who support POTUS. Not the rest of us.
I disagree. Our national identity is as strong as ever. However, small portions of our citizenry have been convinced (1/2)
by politicians that skin color is more important than being American. They're wrong. (2/2)
The  nomination and then the election of a madman was the time for the adjustment to take place,  conservatives just accepted all of it.
Yes, & action to keep Russia influence of hate out of our country. Russia empowering nazis in Europe. No Russia influence in America,please.
Senator, please stop Trump
YOUR PARTY DOES. It's beyond despicable and you and the @GOP are complicit in all of this. 

You're enabling a fascist& @GOP must go.
Really that's it? How about we call it what it is, terrorism. Just because the culprits aren't of color doesn't make this just violence
Yes THEY do!  
And so does the @SenateGOP 
The People elected our president and if the GOP doesn't get things done...well, they r done
And in particular the White House and more specifically the weakling sitting like a coward behind the desk of the White House office
Starting with Congress. You continue to enable this fiasco. Time to actually DO SOMETHING. Has been for awhile now.
What will it take? A nuclear catastrophe? Just curious.
.@SenateGOP  @HouseGOP, more so, formerly 'Honorable' Senator
We have a very sick man in #WhiteHouse . He needs a mental exam to continue.
YOU DONT GET IT AT ALL. The COUNTRY, should have done that, THE DAY AFTER TRUMP GOT ELECTED. Only the Democrats, knew this was coming;.
Hatch only requires impeachment if oral sex is involved.
Yeah, well what Trump is doing is much worse. He is screwing the country, lies collusion, cheat, greed, bigotry, sexism. He is unfit 2 lead
While we are soul searching, how about some bipartisanship in DC?  It has historically worked better for our citizenry. Country over party!
It was like 500 people bro. I went to work today and hardly anybody even heard about it.
If only we had a real leader.  Truly sad.  He is casing irreparable damage and will cost more lives.
Search your soul and resign Orrin.
Here is an easy answer.
Especially the @GOP Gang Of Putin! White Supremacists Nazi Trump Regime! Shameful what your party has become. #BigotedCowards
Not all the nation. There are some of us who pleaded from the start for DT to not use hateful rhetoric
POLITICIANS control the police (Mayor, etc)..when police are allowed to control mobs, peace & order will be restored....ret. cop
Yes indeed. So do the Republican members of congress who still support our incompetent, despicable POTUS.
And officer we thank you for your dispassionate service Saturday, guarding people who think you are low just bc of your race... Patriot
Only way is to REMOVE TRUMP! No other way! He brings hate to America! The @GOP Are #nazis @TaePhoenix
beautiful message sir- thank you!
I'd say that's urgently necessary for some more than others, sir.
I wish you condemn Bernie sanders the same way you condemn Pres. Trump when the crazy liberal guy shoot republicans. Did you attack Bernie??
I don't think you did but when this true nevertrumper colors show up it's inevitable to attack the President you never like. 
Thanks for your leadership. We have to move beyond words to actions. You could refuse Pres appointments until he fires Bannon, Gorka
Thank you Senator!
We as a country need bipartisanship more now than ever before your leadership is necessary  this is all backwards
No senator, Conservatives have some soul-searching to do.
And Congress has some impeaching to do.
@POTUS incited all of this hatred. He encouraged it. He must be removed! #Impeach45 I've not seen such anger until he took office. Disgrace!
Let's topple some racist monuments, y'all.
NO - YOUR PARTY has some soul searching to do.
Don't look at Trump, he doesn't have a soul to search.
Thank you Senator Hatch. #Patriot
There is going to neo Nazi interference tonight in SLC at the Charlottesville gathering.
I think it would be a good idea to have extra officers present.
The War Z not end...Not get out in weekend.Reagan:JFK.Lady Oscar.Steve
Orrin, you and @GOP have soul-searching to do! Your support of @POTUS and devastation he brings to our country, Americans is negligence!
I hope congress is doing some soul searching.
The GOP is the group that really need to do the soul searching...Trumps hate, GOp taking away healthcare to give HUG tax breaks to wealthy
In the wake of this weekend's violence, YOU @senorrinhatch have some #impeach-ing to do!  How much longer will you be #complicit w/ #POTUS?
you need to search your soul and contemplate how you can support a racist, misogynist, colluding president. Is he a reflection of you?
He doesn't support Hitlary - he backs Trump!

What we are seeing in the US is what Europe saw in the 30s, and you know it! Excise this cancer of a presidency before it is too late!
Yes, when left-wing ideologues embraced Fascism. But DOJ, ACLU, et al have declared war against terrorist vigilantes like #ANTIFA, #BLM, etc
What Left Wing ideologues of the 30s, and any counter-part groups today, embraced Fascism? ANTIFA AND BLM are not Fascist.
Hitler rose to power (in the Socialist Party) by claiming the Jews were fascists - the 1% who oppressed the 99% - wielding racial privilege!
#ANTIFA is TEXTBOOK Fascism!  Not the sweet, innocent, politically correct 'dictionary fascism' but the REAL DEAL that you've never endured!
How is a radical militant group who preach a creed to "KILL ALL WHITES" any better than one who preaches a kreed to "KILL ALL JEWS"?
Such as impeachment for inciting hate bigotry and racialism.
End your vacation! It shouldn't be this hard to pass bills, you have a freakin majority!
