Let us be clear and this is not trying to be overly dramatic: Thousands of people will die if the Republican health care bill becomes law.
@SenSanders Just stop with the hyped drama! If you're so concerned, please engage in the work you are paid to do rather than resisting!
Resistance is being concerned. We're concerned were not being heard, that people will die, that folks just don't get how dangerous this is.
Can't make a point without the F word?
Getting unbearably hard to continue to hear Republicans want to kill people 24/7 every place you look infact it's getting to be dangerous
Did you take reading comprehension in school or do I need to break out the crayons
Hey Bernie....  1 thing is very clear, you & wifey are being investigated for fraud
What a clever diversion sweetie.
How does it feel.........
The deaths of thousands will LITERALLY be on your hands if this steaming pile of malfeasance passes, but you wish we were NICER about it? 
Think about 200,800+ unnecessary American deaths
as acceptable collateral damage if HC bill passes!
To give an unneeded tax cut to wealthy!
Don't champion bills that will undoubtably lead to thousands of preventable deaths and we won't accuse you of murder, Senator Gacy.
Until that time, party of personal responsibility--you've decided you want to spend eternity blowing Hitler in hell for tax cuts. Own it.
Yes, please, stay on your high horse. Have you had dinner w Ted Nugent at the WH yet? Anything u want to say about your own hideous leader?
@BernieSanders keep it up Bernie ...they're starting to feel the pressure
@senorrinhatch Then don't try to kill us just so the wealthy can have more wealth. 
You're no prince charming. I've read and heard plenty of your nasty comments. Grow up. You never intended to get along.
You hatch, how low can you go, this THIS is how you want to be known.
The die is cast...
Dear America, Be nice & think about the Senator's feelings when tweeting/discussing his party's Death, er, "health care" bill. #deathbill
It's the "Better Care" bill. Aka, they "better care" about only themselves.
Your "healthcare" bill is garbage.
My sister & I are both working and going to school. We don't have a family plan to fall back on. We won't have health care with #TrumpCare.
can we accuse you of trying to bankrupt people, then? Because that is also true
And that's after they've tweaked bankruptcy laws and made it much harder to discharge debts too!
good point. I guess they want a return of debtors prison, so the for profit jails fill up
Mike Huckabee actually suggested that.
Old twit.
That brief time where our politicians didn't try to kill us with horrible healthcare bills was nice while it lasted
This is your answer?? this is your response to the disastrous healthcare bill and the numbers of citizens who oppose it? Shame on you.
What a bizarre statement and taint on a legacy most Americans would have never questioned. AHCA is revealing GOP greed over decency. #bigoil
Lasted until your party decided to become the new American Nazi Party. "Fine people" (as your party leader says) those guys with torches yelling "Jews will not replace us."
#Pain patients matter# thank you so much for knowing Hourys' Ways and Means testimony/patient protections. DEA has overreached way too long!
People will die, and your LDS hands will be the chokehold. Do no harm.
Your "healthcare" proposal would kill millions of Americans and your response is to whine about it when people call you out?
Sir, your bill provides for lifetime caps that, if applied during a serious illness, would likely result in death. What would you call that?
Remind us again which party coined the phrase "death panels"?
Think about 200,800+ unnecessary American deaths
as acceptable collateral damage if HC bill passes!
To give an unneeded tax cut to wealthy!
Maybe stop making it impossible for millions of Americans to get health insurance. You Tool.
You truly have no right to weigh in on anyone's decision on asking certain individuals to not attend a future funeral. Not your call.
Quit sleeping on a bed of nails each night. You & GOP throwing people under the bus isn't murder? Tweak ACA not repeal. Tsk tsk....
I, too, miss the days when the people I disagree with weren't trying to pass a bill which will kill thousands of people
Hypocrite ^^^^^^^^^^^^
Assure us that this devastation doesn't come to fruition.
If a policy will cause people to die, & the sole reason it is to give a tax cut to the rich, it's hard not to state the obvious.
Like how you used to talk about Obama setting up “death panels?” You’re a class act hypocrite, Senator.
Was that around the time current POTUS claimed Pres Obama was an illegal president, Kenyan Muslim or when Nugent threatened to kill him?
IF THIS HORRIBLE BILL PASSES, THE DEATHS OF THOUSANDS WILL BE ON YOU.  ARE YOU VOLUNTEERING FOR A DEATH PANEL?
saying people will die from bad law is not close to saying GOP are murderers. GOP accused Ds of supporting Death Panel. WTF?
You can try 2cover 4 what u know this bill will do 2 people, but facts don't lie. Are tax breaks 4 rich so important 2 let ppl suffer& die?

#Trump has handlers & scripts, but when they're gone, his mental state is on display. 
#25thAmendment #TrumpRussia
If you don't want to be accused of murder, don't support legislation that will literally kill people.
You are promoting legislation that will directly cause people to die and get called out and you're upset? Despicable Sir!! Grow up!
One definition of murder 2 is acting with reckless disregard for human life. The shoe obviously fits, which is why you put it right on.
And you met in secret and didn't include one woman in the group. Although I'm a D, I used to think you were a person of integrity no more
Get the facts. Thousands will die as a result. Should we call it voluntary manslaughter?!
Hatch - Treason is an extreme lack of civility. Glass houses.
The right word is: genocide. Not with war, but still a deliberate death sentence for the elderly, disabled, poor + is still: genocide.
lmao, says the person with smoke coming out of their mouth.
It's the only way they can communicate they're ignorant ideas.
What do you call a group that deliberately causes the death of 16,000 people with a vote they know will do exactly this?
Interesting Senator Hatch, no one used the word "murder" but you... guilt has a way of bubbling to the top. ("cut Medicaid 1000s will die")
Sarcasm aside, we are not actually accusing you of murder. Just acknowledging that as a result of this law people will die unnecessarily.
The truth hurts, don't it? "If the shoe fits, wear it!" etc etc.
That brief time when government was *not* trying to take healthcare from millions was nice while it lasted. Healthcare affects mortality.
The truth *hurts* you... It will kill us. #SinglePayer
I'm reframing medical bankruptcy right now. It will be SO GREAT to live outside in the open with nowhere to call home. All that fresh air!
Stop complaining that we're about to die?
What do you call it Sen. Hatch? Thousands of ppl will die due to this Repub. bill, all to give UR rich friends a tax break. Shame on you.
GOP is living in an alternate reality. Don't get butt hurt because someone calls you out.
Time to elect a Senator who votes FOR the people, not AGAINST them. You had a nice run. Enjoy your retirement. The American people can read.
Bunch of loony libs Ignore this chattering mass These ocare supporters are just stupid #BankFraudBernie knows this 
When voters finally wake up to your party's aggressive efforts to privately control everything Human Beings cant live without for money
The brief time when Republicans had empathy for those less fortunate was short lived.  #LongLiveGreed, I guess.
Then quit trying to Murder 22 million americans thru TrumpCare Who needs gas chambers when you have TrumpCare
Yet you perpetuate it by supporting a viscous bill that will result in lost lives. You're a little old to be so naive, senator
Always thought U were 1 of the kinder GOP..Seems as tho U R a $$ grubbing cold hearted louse 2, care less 4 voters more 4 $$
GOP = NO CARE never has & never will we not the upper 7% R not WHO THEY REPRESENT.
They'll start 2 CARE when U vote them OUT OF THERE!
Ok, next time I see someone about to be hit by a car I'll refrain from trying to save them because I disagree with the driver. Huh?
You have 100% lost touch with the vast majority of American people and started listening to Trump's distortions. So sad.
Right? No one ever dies from not being able to afford life-saving medical care. Oh wait.
Wow. Someone has a short memory. I remember "#DeathPanels being trumpeted by the GOP during the Obamacare debate. But cherry pick away.
It *is* muder... #Genocide to be exact.
Sometimes the truth is ugly.
You're are corrupt as the rest of them you should be ashamed of yourself!!!!!
1st Degree Murder : a killing which is deliberate and premeditated

You know people will die due to your tax cut. Murder is the correct word
He is not accusing you of anything, just informing you of the potential consequences of supporting a dangerous piece of legislation. Listen!
Why would you (or anyone) vote "yes" on a bill that you know will lead to the deaths of Americans?
Funny, if I locked you in a room and denied you food and water I'd certainly be accused of murder. This bill is no different.
GOP plan sucks.  Just imagine what it must be like in the less fortunates shoes, oh you can't but I can, managed to over come but I remember
Sometimes you have to call a spade a spade. Your bill WILL result in the death of many Americans, including your constituents. Use your head
ignorant fool can't even speak for himself #resign
Says the people of the pro-life movement?
When was that? The last 8 years the republicans were hysterical on a daily basis for no reason. Now there's reason to be upset.
You have power. You asked for it. People's lives are quite literally in your hands. It's your job. Do the right thing.
Disguising a enormous tax cut as a health care bill is dishonest. Taking health care  from the poor to give money to the 1% is reprehensible
So… you're ok with actively working on a bill that will kill people. But you object to people pointing this out. Do I have that about right?
Yo ori, here's a quick learner for ya:

Healthcare for dummies

ACA = Obamacare 
AHCA = #DonTcare 
#gopDONTcare
#WIPEgopCLEANin2018
I agree with you Senator Hatch; it was nice while it lasted in 2009 when Republicans spoke of death panels at town halls. Now it is accurate
It's not murder. But the fact remains that because of that bill, thousands of people will die. You're gonna have to settle for manslaughter.
People just aren't going to stand by while you take their health insurance away. Your constituents are smart enough to see thru your lies.
But Sir, your @SenateGOP #Wealthcare #deathbill IS murder. Tell me how it's not. I'll just wait here for that explanation.
Apparently people trying to impress the urgency and importance this Bill carries is completely lost on  your privileged ass.
Vote him out.
When you're disagreeing about whether to kill people, I think it's fair.
You're either in massive denial or completely out of touch with constituents. Suggest you do a few town halls over recess--out of the bubble
If the shoe fits wear it you will kill thousands so yes you will become a murderer in every sense and meaning if the word.
Are you that far removed from reality? @senorrinhatch  #peoplewilldie
Are you serious @senorrinhatch? Do you really think we buy this crap?
Never campaigned before.  I will now against all Republicans running.
I do believe Senator and all Republican politicians should start looking for jobs.  Election time is coming up.
@BernieSanders trumpcare=deathcare
I do believe after all this, that every republican person is evil and cruel.
Not murder. Negligent homicide under color of law.
Orrin Hatch, painfully confused
2.  & thanks for attacking us, pretending we should ignore clear consequences of your inane, horrific legislation. You made it, now own it
1. Interesting how you guys allege that nonsense. BTW, thanks for the ads in GA re Osoff as murderer; thanks for all the murder "jokes";
My suggestion would be to NOT try to pass legislation that will kill people. It's pretty simple.
When will that be? 2009 when you refused to refute Sarah Palin death panel nonsense?
Wonder what your friend Ted Kennedy would say now?
Know what else was nice? Not worrying at a catastrophic illness wiping out savings & costing your house or choosing between meds & food
You are whining like your glorious leader.
I'm sick and was exposed to toxins burned at Ft. McClellan, AL.  as a child. Is it my fault now I'm sick? It was burned on a military base!
I've had breast cancer, suffer from a kidney disease, psoriatic arthritis, sarcoidosis and other health issues..  a low immune system.
Why should I have to suffer more or worry about not being able to be treated? Again, I was exposed on a  Military Base Sir!!!!!!
Now tell me why you and the rest of the @GOP seem to not care or why you want me to suffer more?
I'm so ashamed of our government and how you choose to treat Americans.  Shame on you Sir!!!
Sanctimonious much?
Bernie supporter shot congressmen at baseball practice. What do you expect from Bernie but incendiary polemics?
Maybe you could put down that gun you have to America's head, & we can play nice again.
Then don't trade American lives for a tax cut for the already obscenely wealthy
then don't murder people by destroying healthcare. lives will be forever destroyed by what you do  #TruthHurts
Then why won't you go on trumpcare you hypocrite.
Counterpoint: you're a murderer, and you enjoy drinking piss
Pot/Kettle?
@BernieSanders how does it feel to know that your legacy will be the death of thousands?
This bill is GENOCIDE for the poor and working class.  We know who you side with and it's not the majority of citizens.
This bill will kill me, and you're trying to say that you AREN'T murderers? How?
@BernieSanders You people have been screaming murderer at little girls at abortion clinics since 1973.
Defend the bill, sir.
You have many forums available to you.  It is your job.  Help us understand.
The @GOP is barbaric.  No amount of Koch -brother -$$ ads in your reelection campaigns will change public's perception. We will remember.
Well if you really weren't trying to kill people and forcing a bill created in secrecy down our throats, then maybe we could be civil.
Hi Senator Hatch, can we get a complete list of the names of the people who wrote the bill? Thank you.
I noticed you didn't deny it though?
But this bill will result in death.
And what does your faith tell you about the morality of this bill Senator?
.Senator, that is one of the most revealing statements you've ever made. The arrogance & absence of empathy are distinct.
It must have been VERY brief. I previously thought more of you than I do now. This bill is murder. However you choose to read it.
if you don't like the talk of government engaged in killing its own people through malice or neglect, maybe stop doing it?
That brief time when our government wasn't trying to actively kill its most vulnerable citizens for a tax cut
Don't be disingenuous. This health care bill WILL kill people and you know it. You just don't give a damn.
The facts show this bill would kill be people at a rate hire than murder rate...  can you dispute??? Nooooooo @gop #trumpCare
It's the CBO and the real statistics of health care that are accusing you of attempting murder. Your critics are just sounding the alarm.
Maybe support bills that helped your constituents vs hurting millions.  It's not about words but actions &you vote to benefit the few#shame
You call yourself a God Fearing Christian, but all you want to do is hurt hard working people and help the 1% keep more of their money!
In the brief time you weren't trying to legally kill off the poor, it was nice.
When was that? Oh yeah, before Fox News freaked out over ACA.
I know we both want to forget her, #GOP #VPCandidate, Sarah "Death Panels" Palin. 2008-
You mean like what your party was doing to the ACA in 2009-2010 w/ "death panels." Payback's a bitch Sen. so deal with it!
@Gop calls women who have abortions or take birth con murderers. What's killing babies outside a womb? Babies w/poor parents will die! #AHCA
I saw you eulogize Ted Kennedy. He would be appalled at the @GOP 'healthcare' bill, senator.
@LouiseMensch said you're actually president now, can you veto this bill in secret?
┃┃╱╲ in this
┃╱╱╲╲  house
╱╱╭╮╲╲  we
▔▏┗┛▕▔    declare
╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲  
  orrin hatch is a murderer
╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ 
▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔
Michelle carter went to jail for texts she sent...A bill throwing 22 million off insurance to benefit the wealthiest Americans isn't far off
It's more like involuntary manslaughter or criminal neglect
If you vote for this bill you are essentially sentencing those with chronic/ terminal illnesses to death or debt, both are life-suckers so..
@SenSanders has over 40K likes on his comment. You have 4K.  Whose side do you think Americans are on?  I'd say that of the non-murderers.
NSilver: You can't talk about people DYING from losing access to health care might... be the dumbest argument in the history of the Internet
Senator, a new report was published today that says the bill you co-authored will cost 29,000 lives a year.
Your party liked so accusing my candidate & now that you mention it, Congress is a one giant death panel dumping on poor children & grannies
#HealthcareBill #trumpcarekills #AHCAKills #NoAHCA
"Guess who they are going to have to ration. It is going to be senior citizens, and senior citizens are naturally concerned about that,
Similar to the supposed "Death Panels" under the ACA?  Under Trumpcare, there won't need to be panels.  Juts a lot of hearses.
When did repubs stop accusing others of murder? Planned Parenthood? Muslims (all)?
Would you prefer that it be referred to as attempted manslaughter instead? Don't make me defend Bernie Sanders!
Well then don't pass this murderous bill!

"People always claim that I might kill them," he lamented, pointing a gun at the head of a poor child.
Then maybe don't propose murder by "healthcare" legislation.
Senator, if the shoe fits...

Are you joking? What is it that you think happens when the sick, elderly, disabled are stripped of health care? Spoiler alert: they die.
Unfortunately you do not want to hear/see the truth.  Tens of thousands will die prematurely due to the Senate and House Healthcare bills.
You mean, like this?

CBO Score. If you vote yes for AHCA, you will become a murderer. We will hold you accountable. #KillTheBill 

#SaveACA
If you sign a person's death warrant does it really matter that you don't pull the trigger? Dude is still dead. And you signed that bill.
Republicans are showing with #Trumpcare a grave indifference to lives that are not their own. People will die. Stop lying to yourself #EVIL
You are a reasonable man. You care about people. Ignore rhetoric Think about the real effects to the bottom line of the states
You sir, are a fool.
Are personally going to take in the sick children who survive on Medicaid? Or the elderly people who will be kicked out of their nursing 
When senators take to twitter like celebrities to air grievances I know we're screwed.
What would you have us say when you're choosing to reduce/eliminate medical coverage for so many in order to reduce taxes for just a few?
That's really what this is all about.  A few well-off people don't want to pay more taxes in order to help their fellow citizens be healthy
I believe you are a gentleman/intelligent man. Do you want your legacy to be that you helped people or saw millions lose coverage?
How many more years do any of us have left to do good in this world?  I believe we both know what our maker expects from us.
As my grandma used to say, "truth hurts"
It's a fact Assholio
Oh you mean like death panels? You have a very short memory about who started and continues name calling. You need some self reflection.
Let me ask then, if Trumpcare is so awesome, WHY DID CONGRESS EXEMPT THEIR OWN FAMILIES?
Your actions will affect the lives, & yes cause the deaths, of so many. You bow to the almighty tax cut for your friends/donors.
You need aides to whisper what to say in hearings 'cause you're out of it. When people die due to no insurance, what does your aide call it?

People need their insurance to live. We want to live. Do not do this to us.
People. Will. Die. 

I am your constituent. I have MS. My son has asthma. And you are endangering our well being. #AHCA
