It's all about the tribes #Ca
"States that collectively represent 0.0003% of GDP are totally rocking it!" Yawwnn.
Repugs spend tax payer money to keep people from voting
lol ... people have been predicting California's demise since 1849
Like Kansas, right? Zero taxes on many businesses! Totally growing, right? 

Oh... wait...
They refuse to acknowledge Kansas. It's the state that did everything they wanted , and thus an embarrassment
Louisiana too (although to be fair, it's also down because of energy.)
7.) Get the #RapeCapitalOfEurope #Sweden out of here!
Would that include California?
If this worked, wouldn't Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas be absolute paradises?
California outpaces the rest of the country, while Oklahoma and Kansas are on the precipe of a failed states.
California will squeal, " But look at all the jobs we've created." Yep dead end minimum wage jobs in cahoots with the SEIU among others.
Not really. More like less populated states are growing more populated cause there is room.
NRO could do its work from anywhere, but chooses super-high tax NYC. But pretend businesses prefer states w/o tax $ to educate their kids.
Oh really?! What about Kansas?
That's why they voted trump and not egg mcmuffin.
If that's so, then why aren't Louisiana and Kansas on the top of the list? The entire South should be leading the way? Why not?
Citizens of Utah need to revolt!
Yeah, but then you wake up and you're still in Utah...
Better known as the race to the bottom.
And what about other quality of life measures like education, crime, access to clean water and clear air, among others?
People in tax and spend states get deductions on their federal taxes for their state taxes vs paying their share of federal
C'mon. Don't fall for this. Utah's great. But ALEC doesn't measure actual economic development, it just praises tax rates.
And then they change the character of the state that makes it "life elevated"
Not so! Put out by the Koch-funded ALEC-Laffer group. See
When you rank West Virginia and Mississippi as having better economies than California and New York, something's wrong with your methods.
Yes, my red state does depend on the tax dollars of the tax and spend states. Thank you California. Red States would be broke without you.
Except the red states are the takers getting more in transfer payments then they pay in. And education in those states is badly neglected.
The lies the right will tell in order to sling voodoo know no end.From 2014-2015, the no. 1 & 2 states in economic growth were Cali & Oregon
Also in the top ten: Nevada, Washington, Colorado.
Last?  Why that'd be low tax Mississippi, which typically finds its way into the top 10 in ALECs ridiculous list.
Also in the bottom 10?  Kansas! West Virginia. Alaska. North Dakota. Maine. Wyoming. All reliably Republican states.
Maine's a blue state. In last 40 years, Senate controlled by D's twice as often. House controlled by D's 11 out of 12 election cycles.
Bullshit. California just outpaced the country for the 4th year in a row in 2017.
Good ol' boring Indiana, right there at the top.
What does my red "business friendly" state of SD do for "growth"?  It provides a tax haven for greedy corporations and wealthy retirees.
Went back and checked this publication from last year. North Dakota and Wyoming were both ranked in top 5 and lost jobs.
So how is California the 6th largest economy on the planet?
With a GDP growing at double the national rate, lower unemployment than "business-friendly states" too
Shhhhhhh! You'll disrupt the narrative of the trickle down clowns!
@Evan_McMullin Idaho top 10 list.
Some states have confidence issues; generations of ppl telling their kids they need to get out to get a good job. Self-fulfilling prophecy.
Business friendly States should (Cannot) not allow Discrimination/ fraud/Embezzlement of Clients. Bank of Harlan, HARLAN KY repeated Crimes
Well, that could be the magic of business friendly policies or unsustainable race to the bottom policies.
Riight, so Utah has better economy than CA & NY? No evidence in report. Written by major corporate lobbying group. Read it. @Evan_McMullin
Notice the "economic outlook" is unquantified. Because if you used GDP share or any other objective metric, claim is #FakeNews.
@Evan_McMullin web of taxes+reg but CA and OR were top in 2015 GDP growth - rank bottom on Econ outlook list? Sure and KA is real #1.
China is "tax and spend" yet is the world's fastest growing economy (in raw GDP), even faster wage growth.
I'd still rather live in New York than Indiana.
Kansas
Wow what a junk ranking/article. It is only "which states have laws we like" and zero to do with actual performance. Fake news.
@cherokeesher2  LMAO! Tell that to Kansas & Alabama.
@Evan_McMullin Important note: in UT our pay rate is iffy (really bad for women), air quality bad, etc. --- business over people!
I wish this were true in WA (OR & CA as well)
SC needs to move up in this list.
@Evan_McMullin Web page not available.
And please understand that taxes and growth are two different things.
I would like to see the statistics comparing California to "business friendly states" like Mississippi, Utah, Alabama, and Kansas.
Kansas and Wisconsin would like a word.
How many get more money from the Federal government than they pay?
Cong sd take notice & apply this on a nat'l level if the economy is to improve. @realDonaldTrump
@Evan_McMullin rpt says low tax/reg. states have better outlook, but doesn't provide data to back it up including their current conditions
@Evan_McMullin but we definitely need California and NY to pay for the military and they still vote Dem even with higher taxes!
This is an ALEC Republican tax-porn report. I'll repeat what has already been said: Kansas. Also, in Anti-Union states people are paid less.
Brownback is crushing it in Kansas with his fiscal policy.
National Review is merely trying to find facts that match their ideology.  New York, California, Minnesota...all doing just great.
"Employee education", "infrastructure investment", "quality of life", "sustainability of natural resources" don't appear anywhere.
For business-friendly resource-rich environments, you'll love China and Saudi Arabia circa 2009. Don't breathe deep or make long-term plans.
How much will Utah pay me to live there? Any conservative run city is welcome to bid.
Coincidence- Top 10 all "RTW" states- less protections & lower wages 4 workers, right? Accurate analysis? Maybe/maybe not. Hmmm.
How do you explain the economic performance of Minnesota compared to the economic performance of Kansas and Wisconsin?
Growth is not always a good thing. Williamson County Tennessee is growing, like Cancer. It used to be a nice rural place to live. No more!
But those new folks probably love it.
Sure they do. Where else can you drive 60+mph on an old country road while texting and throwing your trash out the window?
The race to the bottom works like a charm!
How about "tax and invest"?
@Evan_McMullin #fakenews
After 2 years, I am relieved to have written my last income tax check to the state of UT. I prefer to not pay state income tax.
I prefer citizen-friendly states. Also, California is still kicking ass.
Jindal's Louisiana? We still have not recovered.
It might be useful to examine to what extent are the low state tax regimes subsidized by transfers from the fed. gov.
How can you possibly say that? CA has gained more jobs last month than Utah will in half a year
This is a conservative leaning rag.
Based in...

Wait for it...

New York City! They can vote with their feet and move to low-tax Idaho, but you get what you pay for.
