How did you vote on Judge Garland? I am asking for future history book writers.
Biden rule!  sucks when your own partisanship comes back to bite you doesn't it
Even if the Biden rule were  true (and it's not), it's not the law. The Republicans stole this seat.
lol YOU LOST!!!!
So, you're just going to ignore the truth? The Biden Rule isn't law and the Republicans stole this seat. And you don't care.
keep whining
and keep that head in the sand, you utter fucking moron
Senate rules aren't laws you genius.  thanks for showing your manners though.  liberals do love to throw insults
Like how you blocked even a hearing on Garland? Hypocrite. Coward.
so what was the GOP doing refusing to consider Merrick Garland for most of a year? #remembermerrick
This is garbage. Jesus's strongest rebukes were always against hypocrites.

hypocrite. Look in the mirror. Unamerican!!
#ConfirmGarland
#ImpeachTrump
1. Investigate Trumps ties to Russia before appointing someone for life 
2. Answer on Garland
@NstyWmnWendy @senorrinhatch @washingtonpost The ossified fossil known as Orrin hatch can tweet in between tapioca spoonfuls?
Points finger at Dems after obstructing up the wazoo. #SMDH
The hypocrisy
cant wait for we the people to vote you off that high horse seat of yours
We can't vote on a SCOTUS in the last year of Trumps presidency
Hi Senator. What was your vote on Judge Garland? 
Oh wait ......
I am also curious about your vote on Garland. If you can't remember, perhaps the Senate should revote.
the hypocracy and brazen-ness of the current GOP is breathtaking. We remember EVERYTHING , incl Merrick Garland.
Shuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup!
Here's the cowardly form letter you sent me indicating that you were blocking an up or down vote for Garland.
Senator what was your vote on Garland?  Was it up or down?  Your constituents would like to know!
Please remind me, because I forgot, when did you have an up or down vote on Merrick Garland?  I'll be waiting.
You've got to be kidding me. You participated in one of the most blatant derelictions of duty in US history. You can't complain.
Historians will remember your hypocrisy, Senator.
.@senorrinhatch we can't have a vote for the #SCROTUS while a president is serving his last year. #TrumpRussia
@washingtonpost
After Garland, you can't sound anything other than a hypocrite
you think we've forgotten Garland. We haven't. That should frighten you.
The article picking apart the vernacular vs technical use of the word "filibuster" helps no one. Also, Garland.
How did that up or down vote go for Garland? Oh that's right, you blocked it. #Hypocrite
Boo-hoo! Gorsuch the corporate stooge, is the pick of Traitor Trump. Wonder if he meets Putin's approval?
at least he got a hearing, unlike Garland...#hypocrite
How about a hearing and up and down vote for Garland? #cheatingsenaterepublicans
you are ridiculous! Hypocrisy looks natural on you! Never change! 
"imagine, dems using our same tactics against us, so unfair." Better stop boobing before ur hypocrisy shows
who do you think they learned it from? First step to recovery, Senator, is admitting you have a problem.
anyone that shields Trump is a traitor to our country.  Kiss your job goodbye.
We see your hypocrisy Senator Hatch....
An up or down vote???? 
How about a hearing!!!
#MerrickGarland
#StolenSeat
refresh my memory, how did you vote on Merrick Garland's nomination again?
PLEASE exercise some senior leadership and offer some commanding advice to Majority Leader--quit "pussy-footing" around-DO IT
how did you vote for Garland?
Have you spoken to @SenMajLeader recently about the last nominee?  #NeverForget 
#DontConfirmGorsuch
How'd you vote on Merrick Garland?
.  Vote on Garland, and when he loses, go the nuclear option for For such anyway.
looking forward to McMullin taking your seat, hypocrite
Merrick Garland
How'd you vote on Garland, again?
how can you even tweet this with a straight face? Your constituents must really be idiots. #gorsuchSUCKS
For some reason I don't remember if you did the same for the previous Supreme Court Nominee Orin, oh that's right you did'nt
Remind me how you voted on Merrick Garland's nomination. I believe that one is first in line.


Could you please provide record of your vote for Merrick Garland? Wait, my miatake, your party blocked that vote for a year.
On a related note, how's that Merrick Garland vote coming along?
didn't even let Garland get a vote, & Gorsuch should be held off till Russia investagation is over, so real Pres picks nom.
Did you vote yes or no for Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland??
Oh I see and you guys did the same thing with Merrick Garland.  Stop. Lying.
Shoe on the other foot and you don't like it? What a shock.
Checking: how did that up or down vote on Merrick Garland go?
Remember Merrick Garland? He should get a vote first. Stop trying to pull the magic underwear over peoples eyes Senator.
hypocrites for all!! You get a hypocrite! You get a hypocrite! We all get hypocrites!!!! Go go go GOP u suck
@GlennKesslerWP Yeah, and so? What about #MerrikGarland? Now you wanna whine? TO BAD!!! A taste of your own medicine!!!
how'd you vote on Garland again? Oh right! You didn't! You participated in a theft of a SCOTUS seat along party lines.
how does it feel Mr hatch. You did it for 8 years for Obama. Gorsuch is just the start. GOP? Going down in flames
what was your up/down vote on Merrick Garland?
Stop lying hypocrite
Your hypocrisy makes me ill.  Also as a UT voter, I love how you assume if you run again you'll get re-elected. Think again.
How did you vote on Garland?  Up or Down?
did Merrick Garland even get a chance? No because of obstruction by your party. Republican Selective Amnesia #RSA
#MerrickGarland
President under investigation by the FBI doesn't get a SCOTUS pick. Trump in last year of administration
, not surprised by Hatch Office.. #Utah is very aware of him contradicting his own principals and practices.
and this is different from what you did with Garland how???
@GlennKesslerWP you obviously have goldfish memory. Let me remind you: Merrick Garland!
guess what? Nothing will get done until Republicans start working with Democrats. It takes 2 to take tango.
Like your Garland vote? Oh, wait, you didn't want Obama to have a SCOTUS seat.
How did u vote on Merrick Garland's up-and-down again? Oh, that'd right, you obstructed that vote #hypocrite
like you did to President Obama's nominee?
i don't remember how you voted during merrick garland's up or down vote. oh, wait.....
and WE have power to stop their games. BTW isn't it a violation of Senate Rules to interfere in HOUSE intel cmte business
WE LEARNED IT BY WATCHING YOU, DAD
Can you tell me about what you did for #Garland @senorrinhatch ? And explain how it was ok, but this is not.
Merrick Garland deserved a hearing. This is payback. Republicans are no longer the party of common sense.
when the revolution comes, this tweet will be printed out, read at your trial, and pinned to your basket
G O O D.
@Trout8Trout @washingtonpost Mr. Hatch, I sincerely hope the good people of Utah have had enough of your corrupt hypocrisy!
NO TO GORSUCH.  NO.
that's horrible! What kind of monsters would block an up or down vote? Oh wait... #ConfirmGarland
Kind of like the GOP STOLE it unconstitutionally?
remind me, is that what you guys did with Merrick Garland?
y'all really got some nerve, man.
and Garland didn't even get a hearing let alone a vote. "Think of his wife" as you would say (about perjurer Sessions)
Is the GOP suffering from a case of mass #GOPamnesia, or is this an Orwellian #DownTheMemoryHole thing?  #JusticeGarland
.@senorrinhatch Just curious how you voted on Merrick Garland. Your up/down vote escapes me for some reason. Can you remind me?
Two word: Merrick Garland
you blocked an entire nomination so...hypocrisy much....!!!
they learned from the best! Remember? Like a few months ago? Super recent. Last administration. Anything? No acknowledgement?
Merrick Garland. reap what you sow senator. you can't break the filibuster. don't you ever tire of being humpty-dumpty?
Merrick Garland says hi!
.@senorrinhatch how'd that Garland vote go? Oh wait.....
@SpeakerRyan @RepAdamSchiff By no recusing YOUR disdain for is apparent. COVERUP STARING AT US. LEGAL ACTION!
Merrick Garland.
Remind me again - did you vote Up or vote Down on Merrick Garland?   I can't seem to find it on the internet....
Utah resident here.  How did you vote on Garland nomination?   Not vote until #russiagate  is investigated!
Hey Orrin, does it hurt that less than three months in your guy is more unpopular than Obama EVER WAS IN EIGHT YEARS?
Merrick Garland!
Remember that time...
You're old, you probably forgot about Merrick Garland #hypocrite
@Trout8Trout you have no credibility.
Absolutely NOT!! To many corrupt traitor Republicans already in there! YOU ALL must go!! #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
the American people are sick and tired of your Corporate masters on both sides. We are coming for all of your seats.
Golla, it's almost like they're using GOP tactics against you. Annoying, isn't it?

u violated yr oath of office by NOT giving Chief Judge Garland eminently more qualified than Trump's Nazi an up/down vote

how did you vote in Garland's case?
Stolen seat. U never gave Merrick Garland a hearing. We won't forget. Shame on U. Used to respect you. Sad.
hey, remember Merrick Garland? Whatever happened to him? Seemed like a nice guy.
You're a hypocrite. No vote on Gorsuch until an independent investigation  on #trumprussia is complete.
that's exactly what they should be doing. A president under criminal investigation shouldn't be appointing a justice
Merrick Garland. And you call yourself a man of God.  You are a lying hypocrite. How many other commandment have you broken?
I'm not sure if anyone has brought this to your attention, but you should look up Merrick Garland.
You misspelled your name Sen Hypocrisy #MerrickGarland
how did Senator Hatch vote on Merrick Garland's up or down vote?
U obstructed a hearing/vote on Merrick Garland. Why don't you hypocrites give him an up or down vote first?
Remind us again how you voted on Merrick Garland? #confirmGarland
Hypocrites shouldn't preach.
lol sucks to suck
#MerrickGarland!!!
No one who is under FBI scrutiny should get to appoint a SCOTUS justice.   #Putinpuppet #traitorinchief
Did Garland even get a hearing? You're such a flaming hypocrite. We haven't forgotten. #StolenSeat
Why did you block an up or down vote on Merrick Garland?
And remind us what the Republicans did to Garland.
Kinda like you guys did with Garland?
You and your fellow Republicans STOLE the seat. Confirmation belongs to Judge Merrick Garland.
.@senorrinhatch Merrick Garland #ComradeTrump #FU
You, sir, are a hypocrite.
Yes, Gorsuch deserves the same up/down vote opportunity that Garland got.
What a hypocrite! You never gave Garland the courtesy of an up or down vote.
Lying hypocrite!
Gorsuch should not be confirmed! Obama nominee should get that seat!
merrick garland merrick garland merrick garland merrick garland merrick garland merrick garland merrick garland
Merrick Garland would like a word with you, Senator. You remember him? You committed treason to block his confirmation.
History will remember Hatch & the rest of his worthless party as nothing but #Traitors #Resist
Nope. R's can have that up/down vote whenever they please. Nuke. Don't be whining at Democrats.
@SenateGOP never gave #Garland an up or down vote b/c you turned process on its head for political gain. Now whiney babies.
@realDonaldTrump has already started campaigning for 2020, don't you think we should wait for a focused Pres beforehand?
remember Garland you hypocrite?
oh really? You mean like the up & down vote that #MerrickGarland didn't receive? #BlockGorsuch
+ we have a traitor in the WH!
.@senorrinhatch Enjoy your revisionist fantasy land. Your majority is gone in 2018.
like every public statement you make is essentially a lie.
Dems trying to prevent SCOTUS appt by president under investigation for colluding w/Russia. Be nice if u were as patriotic.
to be fair, up is down in republican land
Merrick Garland. And you don't tell us otherwise!
please tell us about how you voted on garland
Hypocrite. Partisan. Serving special interests for 40+ years. Time for your old irrelevant ass to go. 11/6/18.
@GlennKesslerWP #MerrickGarland that is all
we can't let a president (trump) in his last year in office pick a justice.
Now why does denying a SCOTUS nominee an up or down vote sound familiar...
Fair enough Senator Hatch, but at least Gorsuch got a hearing unlike Merrick whom you treated with disdain.
I checked with Merrick garland, and he votes up on you being a tremendous hypocrite, and down on you being a good senator
#MerrickGarland #hypocrite 
How did you vote on Merrick Garland? Up or down?
And they should! Look what you people did to Garland! You all better worry about DT ties to Russia first
How’d you vote on Merrick Garland!?? Huh!????
correct, but your party refused Merrick Garland even the courtesy of a hearing, let alone a vote, unclear why you expect more
@GlennKesslerWP how did you vote on Garland? Remind us.
You should retire in 2018.
Q for @senorrinhatch What do you call a Senator who's served in office for 40 years? You call him home! You've overstayed your effectiveness
You mean like the one the senate had for Judge Garland?
didn't Trump hold a campaign rally for 2020?  We can't possibly hold a vote during the campaign season.
What was your up or down vote on Merrick Garland? When we have that, then it will be time for the vote on Gorsuch.
Is funny!  Yes?
no matter what Dems decide to do on this, it won't be as flagrant as what the GOP did to Obama & Merrick.
so, in short, go cry somewhere else, dude. We see you. We see ALL of you. #votethemallout
stolen seat. This is shameful.
