It's time for the DNC stop acting like children.
Work with Administration,prove that you can unite  even when don't agree.
Gorsuch is such a "Loyalist" that the 8 member SCOTUS UNANYMOUSLY overturned his 10th ckt decision #GoFigure
How do the Garland nomination go forward??
Oh right, you didn't even have a hearing
GORSUCH CAN WAIT HIS TURN RIGHT AFTER MERRICK GARLAND GETS SWORN IN!! GOP SHOULD STOP CHEATING & STEALING!!
no Gorsuch, after 8 years of total nothing from Republicans,
OMG, GOP says this? You obstructed 8 yrs & refused Garland for nearly a year. Goal: All GOP out 2018! U R Trump.
.@SenateGOP .@senorrinhatch Your attacks on the American people are so downright evil it reads like "The Shining."  Gimme the bat, Liberty.
option bc he's  fucked (2/2)
GOP are the embarrassment. Heard of projection?
Repeal Obamacare now! Then work on a new plan! Come on, let's go!
And GOP decisions are so unscrupulous, they read like a dystopian novel.
Merrick Garland you hypocrites.
The GOP blocking Garland was pure racism. Just like in the history books. McConnell doesn't get to steal a seat.
.@SenateGOP Meanwhile, GOP invented a new dish when they refused to give Garland a hearing. We call that dish "total abrogation of duty."
@gop policies, rhetoric, and lies read like a recipe for disaster to the USA.

Anyone voting against Gorsuch has no good reasons they just don't like Trumps pick. So transparent.
baloney #nocitizensunited
Per republican congress. No nominee should be confirmed while admin under investigation. Words to live by.
Did I just hear a Senate Republican talk about embarrassing the Senate?
#MerrickGarland
republicans criticisms read like a bathroom book. your oppositional, argumentative, collective mouths blow hot air
that's like the pot calling he kettle @FoxNews
GARLAND!
You are traitors!
hate clouds judgement and ages people dramatically but
that is not hard to do I did see it and loved it
we learned from republicans during the Garland stonewalling #hypocrite
Why do you hate America and her people so much?
don't like it when the shoe's on the other foot? Get used to it. You aren't getting an easy ride.
 #Garland
Slow the Gorsuch vote down - delay a few months until #Trumprussia investigation plays out a little further
@GOP is at risk of alienating and angering middle/moderate constituents - demonstrate some common sense
Gorsuchs vague, non-committal answers suggest that he was very well coached. And I care why what's under the robe?
and your total ignoring of how history tends to repeat itself is MORE ALARMING & COMMONPLACE - get real #NOGorsuch
Whatever works - his record is not what is needed in SCHOOL today
Sorry Supreme Court -
hypocrisy.
The Senate has no shame left after you defiled your constitutional duty last year - #OATH
Do you hear yourselves? You wouldn't even meet w M Garland. Your hypocrisy will haunt you.
the process should be suspended until the treason investigation of our POTUS is complete-period. Unbelievable
you are talking about that last Potus I'm sure
Because Gorsuch IS a recipe for disaster. #NoSCOTUS nominations for pres w/o popular vote, ever!
funny how you Repub Russians blocked a nominee from a scandal free President, but put one in from a traitor
like the 83 year old white guy from Utah, who could never find the courage to ween from the taxpayer's tit!!
Let them do nuclear then get another  Originalist! the next time!!!! More conservative  supreme  Court
these dims are nothing but an obstructionist party there credibility is completely gone
and I suppose a traitor to the USA should have the option to decide.
As do Gorsuch's decisions, to be fair. He's like a caricature.
Hatch should retire to Utah and practice his alleged faith.
You should make T-Shirts going after fake news.
GOP created the playbook by subverting Obama's Constitutional right to appoint SCOTUS. Complaining now is hypocrisy. #NoGorsuch
no Obama didn't have the right to appoint  a SCOTUS and he knew it tried to pull another fast one us
know what else embarrassed the Senate? Blocking Merrick Garland.
boo-hoo
#ICYMI http://www.slate.com/blogs/outward/2017/02/01/neil_gorsuch_s_disturbing_record_on_lgbtq_rights.html …
Hopefully your better prepared for this fight than you were for healthcare. Because that was a joke.
and that recipe is the law. Liberals are so afraid of someone who will enforce it.
