They aren't robocalls, they are concerned Americans. Stop lying and answer the calls
Let them know, #wearenotrobocalls!
They are not robo-calls.  They are angry constituents trying to reach you.  No to Devos.  No to Sessions.  @UtahIndivisible
, let them know, #wearenotrobocalls!
not robo calls - citizens trying to get through... millions of them as once again Congress chooses to find way not to listen!
what is your email address? Last I looked the only way to contact you was using your web form. Thank you!!
@sltrib @SenMikeLee  As your constituent from Utah I oppose Betsy DeVos and want you to vote against her nomination. Vote NO.
Well, out of state robocalls are preventing me from calling my Dem senator.
.@SenOrrinHatch I'm still going to keep calling. I'm a Utahn. I'm appalled by Trump's immigration order. Stand up to him. Now.
they are not robo calls. It is the people, and we are pissed! #NoBan #WaterIsLife #PPdecreasesAbortions
Those aren't out of state robocalls. They're REAL PEOPLE calling who want to make sure you don't screw up our democracy.
#wearenotrobocalls!
That's a lie and you know it.Your own staff member told me you had just been receiving so many calls--not robocalls.
Our Nation's children before Party...and the dirty money from DeVos.
please reject the nomination of Betsy DeVos nomination. This is not what America needs
Merrill garland
@SenMikeLee  As your constituent from Utah I oppose Betsy DeVos and want you to vote against her nomination. Vote NO
we're not buying it.  How much of Senators campaign funds come from out of state?  - 80%?
people phoning from out of state aren't robots! I'm really trying to reach you because you are a national leader!!!
I call bullshit on that. Pick up the damn phone and tell us you're selling us out to the highest bidder to our face. #coward
Not robocalls Senator Hatch! Americans like me.
"NO" on DeVoss
Bull.
No to DeVos!  Trump trying to strong arm Sessions through stand for what is right and God like beliefs #stopsessions
I tried calling last week and got the same message. It is time to be courageous and call out injustice. Country b/4 party.
other office #'s: 801-625-5672 Ogden, 435-634-1795 http://st.george ,801-375-7881 Provo
Finally got a person. Thank you!
I urge you to vote NO for DeVos and our children's future. She doesn't understand the importance of IDEA & school safely. Thx
I live right here in Utah, I'm not a robot!
So people are calling & I can theorize it is w/concerns.  And yet you blaze ahead with Republican agenda? Party 1st politics?
They are not all robocalls.  They're calls from your voters. No on DeVos. Listen to the people, not the politicians.
Translation: We don't want to answer the phone and hear what you think. Post it on twitter so we don't have to deal with you.
that was me, a real person, & many more, calling to protest Betsy Devos.
MERRICK GARLAND
#alternativefact #alternativefactsarenotfacts
robocalls?! BS. Those calls are from concerned constituents. Stop hiding and respect the will of the people. NO TO DEVOS.
Why aren't your staff at least picking up the phones @SenOrrinHatch or checking VM? Called all offices.  No live person #utpol
@utahpolitics are you calling all of his offices? DC 2022245251, UT 8015244380, 8013757881, 4356341795, 8016255672, 4355868435
They really don't want to talk to the majority.
Do the right thing and announce your opposition to Betsy DeVos, and I guarantee you'll receive fewer calls.
I'm from Maryland, but if you for FOR Betsy DeVos, it has implications beyond Utah. Please reject!
real people who want you to vote against devos and speak up against the immigrant ban are not robots.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Be advised the phone calls you have been getting are from real voters, not robots. We will vote in the mid-term. #NoSessions
wrong! You have thousands of constituents trying to call you. Don't create your own fake news.
.@SenOrrinHatch no DeVoss. No wall. No ban. Leave Bear Ears alone!
My wife, a constituent, has been trying to contact you for days.  You've not done anything to clear up this problem.
#WEARENOTROBOCALLS .... We are your CONSTITUENTS!
other office numbers: 801-625-5672 Ogden, 435-634-1795 http://st.george ,801-375-7881 Provo
@SenateGOP ! If you don't answer our calls to do what's right you will answer at the polls! You will all take the fall 4 him
your phone lines are tied up because WE NEED YOU TO HEAR US!
I call bullshit.
Sir, I was an out of state call that was NOT a robocall. I am urging you, as an educator, to vote AGAINST #BetsyDeVos
No to DeVos! #wearenotrobocalls #wearewatching #callhimhome #utpol
That is a lie. Your constituents are calling you to express their rights. You support a fascist. We will continue to call.
no. It's @UtahIndivisible letting you know that you need to vote NO on Devoss.
this is bs and you know it.
#WeAreNotRoboCalls !!!!!! Nice try, I've never once been able to reach you, nor able to leave voicemail and it's been months.
Sent email last week. Will it influence? Prob not, we need protest to demand officials CTR!
no they're not, you're just a coward. #votersnotrobocallers
nope, it's us, your constituents. So clear out the goddamn voicemail and have your staff answer phones
but if that's just too darn hard, then you'd better be reading our emails. Or tweets. Just. Listen. To. Us.
Country before party. No to Devos and Sessions.
I am NOTa ROBO CALL,nor is anyone else in our groups!Do not feed "Alternative Facts" to the public!Clear your message box!
Sorry about phones, please vote against the appointment of DeVoss for Sec. of Ed. She's not qualified to lead education.
do you support civil asset forfeiture? Jeff Sessions does. Don't confirm him.
as finance committee chairman do you support or oppose Trump's call for a 20% import tax on Mexican goods? Why the silence?
@sltrib #WeAreNotRobocalls We deserve to be heard. You represent us. Vote no on DeVos and Sessions.
I'm a Utahn. These aren't left or right issues. They are right or wrong issues. Search your soul.
Since vm is full: I am your constituent & an educator, and I ask you to oppose unqualified DeVos for Sec of Ed. #DumpDevos
please say no to Betsy Devos We can do better for Utah and the nation!!! Is this how you want to tarnish your legacy??
Since vm is full: Sen Hatch, please speak out against recent anti-Muslim EO. Religious freedom is under threat. #NoBanNoWall
Appreciate the update. I've been calling Sen Hatch for weeks & never gotten through to a person, though. Not unique to today.
Thanks for updating. @jasoninthehouse's office seems to have turned the phones off altogether and the voicemail is full.
Or maybe it's your constituents letting you know their feelings about DeVos. Hope you're listening!
You have billions for boats for the military, but you can't take calls from constituents? This ain't democracy..
As a member of the LDS church you should be horrified by Trump's religious persecution of Muslims. Stand up and say no!
it would be nice to be able to contact you via FB but your staffers blocked me for raising concerns regarding term limits.
UT resident and as you constituent I'm demanding you vote NO on Betsy DeVos, and NO on Pruitt!  Country over party.
Bears Ears is a treasure that you need to leave alone.
I am your constituent and I have been trying to contact you for weeks. Robocalls are a poor excuse. Vote No on DeVos.
claims of "outside agitators" are as old as discriminatory, racist practices in government. we do not believe you.
I call bullsh*t on this U R just tired of hearing from people angry about Trumps nonsense!!!
I'm a Utah resident. I urge you to 1) vote NO for DeVos, 2) vote NO for Pruitt, and 3) speak out against the Muslim ban.
You guys have really grabbed hold of this crazy train called "alternative facts", haven't you? #RealCalls #RealPeople
.@SenOrrinHatch I am your Constituent. No to DeVos. What's your thoughts? Why do you think she would be a good/poor fit? Help me understand.
This sounds like an excuse. Regardless, vote no on DeVos. She’s terrible for education.
Senator, you may come from Utah, but you're an official in the federal government. You represent all of us Americans!
Vote no to DeVos, stop the wall and the refugee ban, and then retire!!
Support Pres Trumps ban on immigration
Please, please oppose Betsy DeVos, she doesn't have public education (which most US students attend) at heart
@SenOrrinHatch I am a Utah constituent and I demand you vote no on Betsy Devos and Sessions!
@sltrib NO on Sessions, NO on DeVos, and please stand up and protect Utahns!!! #muslimban #HigherEd #NoBanNoWall
@sltrib Respectfully, even when requesting a response, all I receive from your office is your robo-email.  Holladay, Utah
@SenMikeLee  As your constituent from Utah I oppose Betsy DeVos and want you to vote against her nomination. Vote NO.
Say something about the unconstitutional Muslim ban. Stand up against authoritarianism & white supremacy. Protect Democracy!
..... please vote NO to Besty DeVos
#StopDeVos #StopSessions I am a Utahn opposed to the appointments of Jeff Sessions and Betsy DeVos. Please vote no!
Cause EVERYONE want you to work on IMPEACHMENT
It's the 21st century, get more lines? Stop living in the past with your technology and viewpoints.
well in that case 1) Vote no to DeVos 2) Leave Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante alone 3) No to wall and refugee ban.
who is behind the robot calls?
They just want you to vote no on DeVos and Sessions.  If we in Utah could get through we would agree. Vote NO!!
I'm a Utah resident.  I've called.  Not a good time for technical snafus and weak fence-sitting statements.  Get it together, @SenOrrinHatch
@KSLcom when has anyone been able to talk to hatch?
So much for the Do Not Call list...
#comehome
