Thank you Mr President we know where your heart is.
What a FREAKING DISGUSTING statement!  Compare this to  a REAL presidents @BarackObama heartfelt statement!  SAD!
Obama never had a heartfelt statement in his life.
If he had actually written that he would have tweeted it, we all know that.
Also is @realDonaldTrump going to apologize to @SenJohnMcCain about the whole "not a war hero" thing?
He's not a war hero he's a songbird!!

You have been misled, that was a rumour started by 2 men who opposed McCain's policies. Neither of them served with McCain.
Your POS boss forgot to add "Besides we need his vote".
His vote was written off long ago, he can't be trusted.
20 minutes after Clinton and Obama....
Obama and Clinton are retired and not doing anything. That's why they responded sooner.
U dont remember the awful remarks trump made about McCain?  He dgaf about him. He didn't write or release the statement. His inept team did.
Problem is, when someone says deplorable things on the record, like Donald did about Senator McCain, that is what is remembered
Lots of people say inappropriate things during a campaign, including McCain.  So try not to go too overboard here.
Until you have seen a loved one suffer with glioblastoma .you can't know. I do know.My late husband and our family lived with it for 21 mos.
Horrid. Ted Kennedy died quickly from it. Arlen Spector lived for 15-16 years after treatment. It's a hard row . . . .
My husband lived 21 mos. 3 brain surgeries, sepsis of the brain, and so much more. His was also primary.GBM is a death sentence.
I am so sorry, So very sorry.  I did learn that Spector's was NOT GBM, but he did have a brain tumor.  I am so sorry you lost your husband.
Thank you, sweetie. He suffered a horrific 21 mos. But he is at peace now. He can see and walk and probably play a little golf again.
....and watch over you . . . . .
Trump isnt a man. Hes a sad sick human being.
Trump uses Twitter 24/7 to reach the people he says.When he doesnt give a shit abt something he doesnt tweet.This statement isnt from Trump.
Thanks for setting the record straight
Here's what a real president says.
Do you realize that most people that have cancer fight it pretty hard?
Sorry but Trump supporters don't care about John McCain anymore "for being a political hack."
Sorry that is how liberals think. But a person's affiliation, or is a person's political opinion of other's career, the same as wishi health

The idea that @POTUS prays is ludicrous on its face.
Chris Olsen, how do you know? I'm sure you don't know him personaly.
And I'm sure you're a bot. In any case, I don't need to know Trump personally. I can listen to his words and watch his actions. I don't need to know the guy slapping the hooker on the corner to know he's her pimp. Trump is far from being a Christian as Earth is from Pluto.
Your prayers should be that he has enough cannabis to cure his cancer. BTW cannabis is a component of the holy anointing oil drbob @
You forgot  .... covfefe!
But it's still funny.
Hardly. The simple minded is in the Oval Office, unaware of how funny he is.
I've never seen a rich simple minded person. I must be doing something wrong and probably you also, as you are probably not rich either.
Dude literally Tweets all day everyday, and best he can do is send out a half-assed note through u.
No offense Sean.
It's not YOU.
It's him.
Not be an incompetent(actually it's better if he is) or the head of #TrumpCrimeFamily
Back at you, anything he can do that'd open your eyes?
No press rrelease will ever remove the stench of his public dusrefard & disrespect if a man who strapped up and served.
That's lame. Obama and Clinton have a helluva lot more heart thank this freak.
If you think Obama and Clinton give a rats ass about you, that weed is messing with your head.
Not nice! You lost my vote. @realDonaldTrump
Crap statement. Are you embarrassed delivering it? Tweety bird can't tweet now? Trump is vile and repulsive. McCain's given all to the U.S.
So #Covfefe Trump can't even tweet a good message on Sen McCain?
I can't either, except what I fell all who have served, thanks for serving.
I'm sure McCain is glad to have healthcare coverage...
Trump prefers he's senators cancer free.
Tacky
I like people who weren't captured
he has also been a jihadi
Pretty sure @realDonaldTrump doesn't really like those that have been 'caught' by cancer...
You mean the man you said was not really a war hero sinc eyou prefer war heroes that don't get caught. You must really want his no vote.
Any chance of an apology for calling him less than a hero? Nah, didn't think so.
Really that's all he has to say. The man tweets thousands of words per day and this is what he releases....unbelievable!!!
Wow you actually came out of hiding.

Trump: "I like people who weren't captured."
#ImpeachTrump
Note: this is from the office of the press secretary, who appears to have some basic human decency, unlike his boss.
Trolls stop! McCain is no hero! Horrible he has a tumor but he's never been for the American people
A draft dodger like Trump shouldn't comment about a true American Hero and patriot.
What a joke of a man @POTUS is.
What bullshit, just last year you were making fun of the man for getting capture by the enemy in Vietnam! You are a loser Trump!
Somethings you would know nothing about
After questioning John McCain's hero status, @POTUS shouldn't even utter his name during this time! 
Just not a hero, aye Spicey?
too bad @POTUS never has valued @SenJohnMcCain.  Don't pretend that he gives a care. He only wants to use him for his vote. AWFUL!
Too late to suck up now. POTUS showed his true colors during the campaign. Trump is irrelevant and insincere.
That statement we are sure was so heart felt after all the terrible things Trump had said in the past ha ha ha.
He's such an eloquent guy!
That's not as good as Obama's. Get well soon? That's what you say to a kid with the flu. NOT to a person with brain cancer. Fight hard John!
Get well soon? Really?! It's terminal brain cancer not a cold. Jesus Christ 45 is so shameful!
Isn't that convenient - yet trumps "not a war hero" still rings in our heads

Time to apologize to McCain for the POW comments first. Will he ever man up?
No apology for saying he wasn't a war hero because he got caught? No? Nothin? *crickets
If you want to save his life or at least make his exit comfortable he needs medical marijuana in the form of concentrated oil suppositories
Trump shows class to someone who has only undermined him and became the Soros and CNN sock puppet.  McCain learns that Karma's a bitch.
Exactly!!!
@realDonaldTrump didn't write this! He only communicates through tweets and incoherent ramblings. Sir you ain't foolin' nobody!!
From the heart.
Still waiting for tRUMP's apology for calling McCain a loser
Sad
Is he lying per usual
It's very fortunate that McCain does not have to rely on 0bamacare for treatment & health care.


Amen to that, prayers for @SenJohnMcCain . Thank you, Mr. President @POTUS. What a stark sobering reminder of what is important.
Wow Sean. No statement from you? You just do another man's bidding. How pathetic.
You hypocrite

Hey Spicey! While you and Donnie were watching @FoxNews our former LEADER sent this in a timely manner!
Is this the SAME POTUS who stated John McCain was NOT a hero because he was captured?  Hypocrisy!  His words ring hollow!
Get well soon? That's for people with a cold.
"He's not a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured."

#trumpvstrump
From what I heard onJOHN MCAIN ON tv every say that his a tuff puppy GOD IS WATCHING HE WILL HELP TOO  GOOD AND GOD'S BLESS
''McCain has always been a fighter'' should not be construed the same way as someone in Iliad saying ''Achilles has always been a fighter''
He called @SenJohnMcCain "crusty". Not ok and we all know he didn't write the tweet. It came from the @POTUS account
Aren't you Navy? Why doesn't bug you when he attacks @SenJohnMcCain ?
what a vapid statement
That's nice. 
#MAGA  #WithAssad #WHTrumpLies 
#FIREKUSHNER 
#BANZIONISM 

Then ... NO MORE LIES: "POTENTIAL" EVIDENCE?
Trump ends the CIA’s covert program of arming anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move likely to please Russia http://wapo.st/2ubqXXG 
Lame
Wow! After all he has said about that man and that's all he can come up with??
An apology would be nice
"Get well soon" is what you say when someone has a cold NOT a statistically  terminal cancer 

Love, hope and best wishes to John & family
I can admit when I make an error. I.e. don't mix admonishment with kind wishes.
Shut up

Was tweeted by POTUS himself - what was your task though #uselessspicer
Still can't get past the fact that trump thinks that POWs r not heroes because they were captured. So this statement really means nothing.
Do you still have a job?
#RIP McCain (Traitor)
We liked it when Trump said that McCain wasn't a hero. It stirred Hate that We smoked in our Soul Pipes. #MAGA #HailTrump #HailSatan #McCain
Don't pray "to" him.  Pray to God "for" him.
157 characters by my count. 159 if it's two spaces after the period.  What a jerk.
Come on get real.  John "Songbird" McCain is nothing more than a Radical Lunatic RINO Bastard!
McCain has class, something you lack badly!
TRUMPIS THE GREATER AND  BIGGER MAN TO OFFER SYMPATHY FOR THIS TRAITOR! HE HAS LIEDAND CHEATED HIS WAY FOR SO LONG!AM SORRY FOR HIS BAD NEWS
"He’s not a war hero...He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured.” @realDonaldTrump #neverforget
Didn't Obama say that first? Jeebus get your shit together
I don't think many feel the same way.
Weak - doesn't he like people who don't get cancer more? http://www.politico.com/story/2015/07/trump-attacks-mccain-i-like-people-who-werent-captured-120317 …
Godspeed
And no apology from @potus for his campaign insults he made about McCain. McCain is a patriot, hero, and. Dedicated civil servant.
We have to give John McCain a break.
"I like people who weren't captured." @realDonaldTrump was despicable then when referring to Sen McCain and he's just as despicable today.
Sir, I hope this can bring people together. We are all sad for them!  Can we please just get along and all of us love our country. 
I thought you didn't like servicemembers who'd been captured.
He should apologize for his earlier statement.
I prefer people who don't get captured.
Who cares?
Too slow to react!
Sure saw it right AFTER Obama's heartfelt message. Dunce Donald was outsmarted again and still can't be first
Official releases are usually written for him by someone else. When Trump has a thought of his own, he tweets it.
@POTUS statement to @JohnMcCain He is not a war hero. I don't like people who get captured during war
"...and we need his vote."
Yeah sure! Do you think we are stupid to believe that POTUS wrote it? For all I know, he must be very happy
He got a GOP thorn out of his way who would call him out. He doesn't respect McCain. Trump is evil!
A fighter? Yes, a dissenter from the start of the presidency of our POTUS . And Hanoi Songbird!
I can't believe you did this! reyyoy an officer in the US Navy? sic
Praying for John McCain and family.
Really! "45"  tweets everything.  You mean to tell me Sean is the one that sends out a press release! This really sucks!
But first, before diagnosis, to you he was not a war hero, captured by the enemy. Now you want to offer condolences. You are a weak man.
Fake News.....
Spicer how do you look at yourself in the mirror every morning?  Hope you're banking your pay. Who would hire you after this job?  Russia?
good job on writing the note spicy.
Wow.  Super emotional.  Fucker tweets all day.  This is the best he can do?  Soulless.
Interesting, sympathy from the guy who questioned his heroics and patriotism. #hypocrite #chickenhawk
Well, clearly, the putative President didn't weigh in on, or contribute to, that at all. I assume he doesn't actually care.
Like Trump wrote this, please not all of us are dumb.
What a surprise! Not one kind word of concern about Senator McCain on his twitter account. Just his usual bullshit rhetoric!
Response from Sen. McCain, Cindy and their entire family: Screw @POTUS
 statement from Trump
This is a pathetic at best statement. McCain is a hero, he is a senator and a good man. He deserves better than this pos statement
Praying for you all
Does he still think McCain is not a hero?
Yet you guys have been pushing bad healthcare plans that would let others not in congress die. Nice.

John McCain has more strength, class, grit, and patriotism in one age spot than trump does in his whole clown-colored body.
Why can't he write this himself, he is a coward
Can you publish again when Donnie called him a coward? Just for context.
Spicer, The best thing that you and your shit head boss can do is leave him alone.  He doesn't need your bullshit prayers.
And this is what the sh*t bag said earlier about him....
"Get well soon"?
John McCain doesn't deserve that. He's a traitor and we all kno it. I kno he was a prisoner of war but that doesn't excuse his actions
Get well soon ?! Really, to a man with aggressive, incurable cancer?!  Lame
I thought he hated McCain bc he got captured? So hard to follow #PresidentNumbNuts
Senator McCain deserves so much more than this ignorant statement from @realDonaldTrump
I like people who weren't captured
Well said 
"Get Well Soon". Good gosh is THAT all you got?  Smh
Hell no, fuck this shit. He doesn't get to say what he did about McCain (he's not a hero because he was captured) and then act like he cares
If he didn't tweet it, I assume he didn't say it. DJT doesn't care about other people. Somebody else wrote this. Guaranteed.
Another statement from @POTUS
The utter lack of human compassion and empathy in this statement is astounding. Yet again, I am embarrassed and saddened by this Pres.
Stay away from John McCain.
How dare you guys even try to put out a statement for trump when we all know what he thinks of McCain! Remember how he doesn't like "losers"
@realDonaldTrump fucking hypocrit!
Wow, powerful stuff
So now #2 mouthpiece in press room takes to twitter the 11 year old who can't NOT tweat when he shouldn't but won't when he should? Sad
He couldn't tweet this 140 character or less!
So the so called POTUS will tweet about tv, but not to honor a war hero?  Pathetic.
