We all look forward to you actually doing something to help your country, traitor
first you abandon your humanity. Now you abandon your patriotism and love for country. #DonaldTrumpJr
Perhaps in those 2 weeks you could put patriotism to your country above your blind loyalty a deceitful, treasonous president.
You're a fraud sir. And a fake. You have no principals left to defend.
Please come home. Your promises can only spell disaster for the most vulnerable Americans. #heartlessGOP
You better not vote for that Healthcare bill !!!!!!!! The people in Utah do not what this. From a registered Republican.
No No no. U r not working for us. You r working for Russians (by not condemning T. Jr) and insurance agencies.
Come on
Promise like this man one?
Good because of recess is 10 minutes we're sick of you politicians long recesses / vacations
You know where "here" is, are your aides sticking around to make sure you know what to say?
Sir, please retire. 4 decades in DC is far too many years there.
U wanted to govern, now do it! Turn off the damn egos n get to wrk. C does not deserve any more days off than the ppl u wrk for.
Can you squeeze in an impeachment trial?
Promise me you won't slash Medicaid. My patients depend on it.
Unfortunately, you are selective in your term "the American people."
Work on #ImpeachTrump improving #ACA NOT repeal and replace with death insurance!
Actually @senorrinhatch you and the @GOP  and @SenateGOP promise was to not LIE to the American People. I'd start there.
Take you meds Orrin - you're a coward a liar a $ hungry minion w no sense of your constituents needs or desires. #BLUTAH2018
Thank you Senator!!  #MAGA
I haven't read ONE SINGLE tweet from anyone who likes or supports you. Go away Orin. Bye bye
Like not having a criminal in the White House or did no one promise that?
With all due respect Senator....Get it done! Unified GOP power was given for this reason!
This tweet is so insulting I don't even know where to start.  #FossilOfTheSenate #utpol #2WeekMiracle #NoACHA #TrumpRussia
84106
yes, your promises are important to you. lives, however, are not
Fire @senorrinhatch He is promoting dangerous policy.
You mean your looking forward to kicking millions off Healthcare while you profit from people pain suffering and death.
And deliver you must because "we the people"are dying Repeal would be a good start and proof that you Senators are serious about your words
Hatch excited about trying to kill Americans one of his main goals in his service to Trump and Putin
listen to your voters, we do not approve of what you are backing. consider the damage he is doing to our country and please impeach
damn autocorrect you meant Destroy Utahn and American lives and line my pockets with more corporate handouts. Fixed it for you
You couldn't keep a promise to anyone. Go away Orin. Voting against you. As are hundreds of others you've deceived and let down. Just go
You need to retire, senator for life!
Que lastima!'
You retire?
This Utahn replies: Change the word "continue" to "start" & then actually Do it! #CongressIsCompromised #MAGA by supporting #POTUS
The promises to FUCK US OVER while backing a TRAITOR IN THE WHITE HOUSE? How do you sleep at night you LETCHEROUS PIECE OF ?
The promise to take away seniors healthcare, to gut social security, or to raise the retirement age? How will the GOP FUCK the US next?
Can you believe your president is a Russian stooge?   He's all yours now.
Feeling the walls closing in, Senator? I know you guys are feeling the tick tick tick... #resist #treasontrain #ImpeachNow
Treason is not "bunk" and your party will go down for this if you don't step up now and do the right thing.
It's comforting to know you're delaying two weeks of vacation to complete the screwing of the American people,
How can such a senior senator choose party over country?? How dare you support trump & co. We won't forget.
Senator Hatch needs to defend the United States against espionage & cyberwar. Can't vote for sanctions on Russia & support their cyberwar
You promised big insurance and big healthcare -- you are screwing over Americans
Please do. We are counting on it
You are a traitor to our Democracy. Plainly obvious.
Maybe you could spare a little time to discuss The Trumps.
Not to your constituets, whom you won't hold a town hall with. What happened to you? You used to have some sort of moral compass.
Please remember who you are and the values you represent. I'm not talking about politics either. I'm sure you don't even read these.
Start working on the ACA.  Include Hillary. Start building bridges. Be a good example for America. NO TO Trumpcare.
It's odd Sen. Hatch what you think are the promises we want you to follow-up on.  We want a better #ACA, not the crap the GOP has delivered.
resign, ya senile old coot!
When will you start keeping those promises-- You know - JOBS, INFRASTRUCTURE, PROSPERITY - Instead we get #Corruption #Collusion #Greed
My sister voted for you. She likes your values. She was born with autism, ACA has helped her SO much. Please. Don't hurt my sister. Please.
You too a oath to defend America not Putin and not the Kock Brother demands
All Americans? Or just your party?  And when I say your party,  I mean all your 'sponsors' or what ever you call them. Donors.
Please remember principle over party. Not too much of that in the @gop. It's shameful how you are not for the people but for yourself. Sad.
What have you done for your Utah constituents? Yea.... you need to be reseated in 2018! You are killing people with your healthcare vote.
Would that include your oath to "support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic"? #utpol
ez éltet egy balfék és sok millió vérszívó és szerető vagy mi de az is csak gondolatban mert ő neki sok van de én kellek neki..Érti? megőrít
Resign w Trump that's what Americans want
How about simply standing up for your country & general decency rather than protecting #trump & his family. It's disgraceful.
Keep backing trump and see where it leaves u! Ur delusional, u have no credibility.
What you meant to say: Things are so F'd up in GOP and w/ traitor as President and I've screwed my constituents so I'm going into hiding.
Heard you're down with treason?
I'm looking forward to you either doing your job or finally retiring and letting someone with some energy and integrity do it for you.
Your response re: Trump Jr & the email/meeting with Russian operative was spineless. I expected better of 4th in line of succession.
Trump made those promises including full health coverage, Great, inexpensive, with lifetime caps, great choices, not what you are offering
You are despicable - an example of everything that is wrong with politics today. 

Shame on you sir.
You look forward to hiding in your office on Tuesdays and sending your staff down to shoo constituents.
Liar
Your task is to deliver the freedom caucus to McC, right? Laissez les bons temps rouler, amirite?
Does lying to yourself get easier the longer you are in the Senate?
Did you get my email about a fresh approach towards healthcare reform?
Looking forward to you're resignation
You are part of the problem. Where is your spine? You would support a genocide if trump wanted one
Years and years and years ... election after election ... yeah, 2 weeks ought to do the trick
A bunch of bunk Senator? Trumps campaign CLEARLY colluded with Russia and this is how you respond? why go down with this ship?
So 2 weeks should allow you to steal healthcare from 24 million instead of just 22 million? Also coddle the traitor in the WH.
Obama already did that. Guess you forgot.  Stuff happens outside of your mom's baswment . Go outsidw and take a breath.
Should we assume you are also involved in Russia?  Actions speak louder than words. 
You mean to corporate backers? Torture the unfortunate while catering to the corporate backers. You need to retire.
You have delivered nothing to the American people except your ignorance and stupidity
You & GOP have delivered nothing but chaos & obstruction of progress. Your coddling of Russian puppet Trump will stain your party forever.
Please work to enact things that are the will of the American people. Not promises that you made to us on behalf of your donors.
The promise to make sure they won't be able to afford healthcare? #SaveMedicaid #DontKilltheChildren
You mean the promise to cut #Medicaid that covers > 40% childbirth & > 60% SRs asst-living to give $700B tax cuts mostly to 1%? #utpol #BCRA
I'd be much more concerned about #TrumpRussiaCollusion.  Our executive branch is beholden to a hostile foreign power.  #treason
Repair ACA do not repeal. Trump/ Pence must go!
Monday thru Friday.
You mean kick the people off of their healthcare and cut @realDonaldTrump's taxes?  Good job, Senator!
Redmap Gerrymandered Majority owned by Citizens United written by ALEC
American people defined by Citizens United?
No thanks
You have to be kidding.
How about the Constitution, going to protect & defend that? Hypocrite.
"Working" in D.C. is much easier than going home and facing your angry constituents.
just resign now.  You are not doing anyone any good.  step down and show some class.
Thank you.
You mean you look forward to hiding from your constituents so you won't have to answer questions about the Healthcare Bill. #utpol #NoAHCA
Sen Hatch, go to the beach instead.
republicans can't govern
Your life is going to be defined by your actions over the next 48 hours, and no amount of denial or Fox News validation will change that.
No repeal #ACA!
Maybe the Dems will go on recess; let y'all get some work done!
We need to call Elaine and let her know it's probably time to start packing for our move to Pennsylvania Ave.
Work on the Russian moles, your @GOP party leader, BLATANTLY LYING To the American voters from the Oval Office. No shame. The @GOP must go.
you can sleep through Senate sessions or at home just as easy.  Feel sorry for your aides that have to tend to you and dictate policy.
You can't expect RINOs & centrist to vote respectably on healthcare
They're on the take,goons of big business.
Make'em vote Put'em on record
I guys get busy. Wenthe American Ppl need better more affordable Health Care. Tired of paying for every1 else. I n family need help
Hope you're back early working on impeachment.
Why start now?
