Judge Merrick Garland has no interest in leaving the judiciary for the FBI, source says http://cnn.it/2qpBYmw  
You haven't tried to do anything but work on getting reelected then you work some more @ getting reelected and repeat
You don't represent me
Will you be going to jail with the other GOP guys?  You all look alike so it is hard to tell.
hahaha! Perfect. #TheResistance
You tried... to screw over a good man AGAIN.
Oh please like libs don't screw over good people!
So your argument is "everybody does it?"  Really?  How old are you?
Um, no, you didn't.
Look at you trying to appease us now.  Too little too late. 

You know, we arent stupid.  We see you and what your whole party has become.
You tried to undermine the constitution. Utah voters will remember.
Is there even a brain inside that head? You guys are beyond transparent. Don't break something patting yourself on the back.
Senator Hatch, after this investigation finally nets Trump, Pence, and Ryan (and others) you may be POTUS. Learn the lessons Trump did not.
Idiots. 
Republicans.
All idiots.
Tried what? Creating an opening on DC Circuit for another Federalist Society radical? Yeah, we kind of spotted that ploy right off the bat.
..Judge Garland ain't stupid. He is not giving up his lifetime appt. to be FBI director period!! Also not giving Trump a spot
Who tried?
Partisan hack
Tried to what? Steal his CURRENT judgeship too? You people have no shame.
All they understand is bullying and fear.
Tried what exactly screwing him over 1 more time. Seems he has a brain in his head which is more than I can say for u and ur GOP buddies.
Ew.
LOL!!!!
Yes, you tried a slimy move that would remove MG from a lifetime appointment w/ influence to be fired by 45. Give it to Gorsuch. Better?
You tried nothing. You refused to do your Constitutionally-ordained job. You and your cronies are hypocritical, partisan hacks.

Lmao
Nice try. You are not off the hook.
..to put a conservative judge in. You see his mother didn't raise no fools..
You suck, old man
You tried to get another rethuglican favorable judge. Nice try though #russiagate #complicitGOP #MarchForTruth #SpecialCounsel

Maybe you should try harder at saving our democracy
How horrible are you??? WTF you have served in the senate the longest and have lost your compass
He has been my senator my entire adult life 2018 repeal and replace!!
Get his good name out your codger mouth. Pshhh.
Yeah, he's such a good man you wouldn't open the door for him, you hypocritical shit heel.
You reveal yourself sir.

This behavior is beneath your office.
Slimey
Yea don't want him what's wrong with you wanting an Obama person
Another failure for a decrepit old corpse.
Shame on you, Shame on your house!!!
Don't think he wants anything to do with you hypocrites and viper's brood.
You stole his Supreme Court seat. You can't have his DC Circuit seat too.
Where is it written that Supreme Court seat was his?
Article II, Section 2 of the US Constitution.
He has to be confirmed by the Senate.  He is not installed by the president.
Yeah, I am sure he was thrilled to be offered a job, by a snake. You screwed that man over and then just spit in his face.
"Do, or do not, there is no try."

If you won't listen to Yoda, you're not worth the expenditure of pixels & keystrokes. Or votes.
Judging from the replies, you can file this under "Twitter Fails." #sad
Smoke and mirrors
How sickening. After given his stolen seat to someone you act like you tried to do something honorable.
Okay, buddy.
Yeah, sure, give yourself a pat on the back for that blatantly self-serving move. Your indignation is insulting to us all.
That just means he's too smart to do it. Hoover and Comey. The 11 or so in between did their job so well no one knows their names.
NO YOU DIDN'T. If you "tried" you would've done your Senate duties in 2016 and held a hearing for him to be considered for #SCOTUS
Tried to take his DC Circuit Court seat? Tried to put him in a position he could be fired from?

His place is on the Supreme Court and you know it.
You are a hopeless partisan. But not as complicit with Putin like Pence Ryan and McConnell.  So you will be Prez until 2020. Try being fair.
An Anti 2nd Amendment Hack is the last person we want heading up the FBI..
Thank you!!
To steal his seat for the second time you sir are a clown
You are tired, #RetireHatch

Please, all you wanted to do was get an opening on the DC bench.
Tried what, to attempt to steal another judicial seat?
Thanks be to God Mr. Garland isn't interested. Miley still awaiting SCJ someday.Besides he's Obama's man  very partisan. Get non-partisan.
Are these jokers for fucking real!
You think Garland was going to give up a judicial seat so you & DT could jam through some 1950's throwback white dude. Please. We  you.


You tried to get him away from the court so he couldn't uphold the law against Trump and the GOP. You're not fooling anyone #coward #resist
We'll compromise: impeach Trump and we're all even?
Tried to take another job away from Merrick? Yeah, you did. Also, wanna answer why you lied to me in an email response? #Hatchmustgo
did you try asking Neil Gorsuch? I hear he doesn't have a job.

Well, not a legitimate one.
Glad you've got your priorities straight as our government collapses.
@CNN Hatchur a .@GOP traitor to America, .@Potus & her votersThis will end your political career along w/ .@SenateMajLdr
Hey, Senator? Ya can't kid kidders. You must be so sad. Maybe you shoud retire now.
Is this for real?. Oh my god the hubris  is just astounding.
You will have another opportunity when you are appointed President to appoint Merrick Garland as supreme court justice.
No. You failed at the job you were tasked with - confirmation hearings to put Merrick Garland on the Supreme Court.
Perhaps, to soothe your obviously genuine disappointment, you could offer him the job he was initially nominated for? 

#EndlessGOPHypocrisy
You participated in the theft of his seat on the Supreme Court. Good enough for FBI, good enough for his rightful place on Supreme Court.
What a hypocrite!  You think we will fall for that!? Come home and stay! #2018
Well now, trying and failing is the hallmark of the GOP. But in this case we're ecstatic!
Oh give me the smallest of breaks.
Try harder by getting Comey back into the job. He has some work to finish and you know it.
If this was the republicans way to absolve themselves of their wrong doings towards garland, it didn't work. You are slime, own it.

"And my plan woulda worked too, if not for those meddling kids"
You're senile and stupid if you think the American public will fall for that!  #2018
Right. . . . .
Try getting Trump out. He is a threat to the US and the Constitution.

RINO Hatch LIVES for the once-per-decade backhanded compliment from the leftist media oligarchy. Worst "gop" Senator. Sad. Pathetic. RETIRE!
Can you blame him?
Seriously.. What happened to you?   Non professional, snarky and mean.  Not what we expect from  a United States senator.
Delete your account and resign. Confess first, if you wish.
Too little, too late. And NO ONE in their right mind would want to work in the Trump administration. It is a ticket to hell week.
Thank all that is holy and GOP quit trying to be democrats and do what we elected you to do.   Or just change parties and get out of closet
B.S.
So you think by placing Obamas SCOTUS pick in as FBI director that Dems will "play nice?" You're dumber than a box of rocks! #votehimout
You can mock him now but he will have the last laugh.
It was an underhanded trick and you know it.
Tried what exactly? 
This is how you try to sarcasm your way around abandoning your constitutional mandate? Typical #GOP
Nice try but your despicable plan to unseat him just so you can fill his seat with a RWNJ like Gorsuch FAILED. @GOP are reprehensible.
Nice try. Your guilt will remain as it should.
You robbed him of a Supreme Court seat. Why the hell would he want to run the FBI?
and your nefarious Repug's scheme failed, just like all 2018 Repugs are going to go down, get a spine and resist Trump for the nation
We know exactly what y'all were trying to do...bunch of corrupt cronies
Yes, you tried to open a judicial position so you can appoint a crazy Conservative judge. Thanks but no thanks
BULLSHIT. No hearing. Stolen seat. Then veiled attempt to steal ANOTHER federal court appointment if he vacated. #shame #2018

You tried? Way to go, Judge Garland, giving all these old fools the finger!   Good for you!
No kidding! His judgeship is lifetime, put him in FBI so he can be fired? Cmon
Really stunning that he wouldn't help you steal a DC Circuit seat as well as a Supreme Court seat. Ingrate.
I call bull. You just want his DC circuit seat to fill with an ultra-conservative. FOP are obvious in tactics, if not transparent or honest.

Ain't nobody dumb.

No one wants to work for your boss cuz he's insane! Bat shit crazy kind of insane #impeach Article 25!
Something to keep in mind..not all U.S. citizens are as stupid as your base
You tried to get him out of an influential lifetime appointment so you could replace him with a lackey, & into a job you could fire at will?
You mean you kept him out of a SCOTUS seat for which he was eminently qualified, and then tried to get him out of a crucial appeals court?!
Sure you did.
He has no interest in vacating his court seat, and no interest in being a political football.  Please resolve your outstanding WH issues.
If this "try" then you're horridly stupid and should quit so actual patriots can do the job.
Wow,  you seriously think that the American public is that stupid?  The GOP sold it's soul to Trump and corruption
Shut up. Try doing your damn jobs and impeaching this terrible @POTUS. Then tweet about it. Until then, shut it.
How about trying harder?
Because he was due to be on Supreme Court!!!!!!!
Why would he leave a lifetime appointment for a job where trump would fire him on a whim w the GOP saying nothing?
"We tried." Yeah, right.
You tried to steal his current judicial seat like to stole the Supreme Court seat.
What the heck is that supposed to mean?

Oily creep.

You guys are pathetic and UN-AMERICAN
Yes, you tried to get him off of his judicial seat so that you could get a more conservative judge on there.  Shameless.
Oh horseshit.
But everyone saw through your callow ploy to stack the District court.
Once again the republicans prove they have no idea what they are up against.  Pacifiers have never worked.
He's too smart to fall for your handout.
Not all men are puppets, Hatch-et.
It's okay Orin, you'll Hatch another evil plan tomorrow.
You tried my ass, a lame consolation prize because you failed to perform your Constitutional duty and vote on Merrick Garland.
You sure did, Orrin, you sure did.
Bullshit!
never was a good idea
And it was a boneheaded idea
Is this a joke?
The motto of the current Republican Party
Everyone with a brain (which excludes Trump supporters) saw right through it too. You wanted to fill his seat with a GOP Sycophant
You "tried" to steal another seat from him. & now you post this undignified message on a wk when democracy is under siege from w/in the GOP?
No, no you didn't. Trying would have been confirmation hearings 9 months ago.
You could've tried to give him a SCOTUS seat
This is the POS who would be president if the admin all falls down.

There is not one "conservative" who isn't a douchebag.

Not. One.
Good enough for the FBI, not good enough for SCOTUS? Please, this isn't even schoolyard-grade trolling.
That you and other GOP senators would support this anti-2nd amendment bastard makes me sick.
Indeed, I'm curious as to what you were trying to do.  Nothing good or honorable, that's for sure.
You wanted his DC Circuit seat You stoled his Surpreme Court seat like the taker your are
No. Trying would've meant holding a SCOTUS hearing for him when he was nominated. This was a craven attempt to fill his seat with a crony.
A sad comment and reflection of a broken Republican Party and the American values they so often espouse (exploit). #ComeyMemo
You are better than this #Utah #SaltLakeCity #Mormons #LDS #LatterDaySaint #ParkCity @VisitUtah
Tried what? An obvious ploy to remove Garland from the bench? 

#NotMyGOP
#Kremlingate
And you failed. Good.
No. YOU STOLE HIS SUPREME COURT SEAT BECAUSE OF RACISM.
He's too smart for your shenanigans.
You are not making any new friends with this tweet. We are woke AF, angry and paying very close attention.
You mean you tried to stuff some reactionary neocon in to replace him in the D.C. circuit, but he was too smart for that.
Maybe when you are POTUS46 you can put him on Supreme Court where he belongs.
If you tried so hard, why isn’t he on the Supreme Court? YOU should be investigated for obstruction of Congress! #ImpeachTrump
@CNN Jackass.
Are you on carfentanyl?
He should give up a judgeship? So he can be the next person Trump fires?
@CNN Yeah, we saw what you tried. We're adding it to the list.
Tried replacing his seat with another "Gorsuch" Garland says
