They have made it clear what they want. Just to obstruct. Very sad. In 2018 they will reap benefits of their negative actions.
That statement is the problem with your party and the current political system in general.

Also, you have other options than nuclear.
#CHANGETHERULES Make it happen;-j
You could have shown respect for the American way, but chose to spit on tradition just to have your own way. So wrong.
tell me again how much you love God and the country......
Harry Reid changed the rules but no one thought anything about it on the #Left and now OUTRAGED! Senate can change rules if they want!
Sounds like a threat from the playground bully. Works  now, not at midterm elections. IKids change the rules in a middle of a board game.
You are changing Senate rules that are there for a reason, because you didn't get ur way. Change the nominee, not the process! #stolenseat
So wrong
Big baby sore losers I'll bet u all throw the monopoly board against the wall when you lose that too #GorsuchVote #MerrickGarland #monopoly
Even if you have to change the rules to get your way, which is apparently more important than anything else.
So disappointed in the GOP for steamrolling over democracy today. You don't like what the Dems are doing in retaliation, so this? Terrible.
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems "one way or another" that's sounds very #unhealthy #forceful attitude 4a @USSupremeCourt #nomination
Well that is not how a democracy works.  My way or the highway attitude will hopefully send you down the road the next election.
this will backfire big time for the GOP and you deserve it, you should have at least voted on Garland.
Start putting forth decent nominees who don't plagiarize and lie for a living and maybe you won't have to steal the seat next time #GOPsucks
Goursuch will sit in a stolen seat and never be truly respected by ALL Americans.
hey @GOP I hope this appointment is worth your jobs. Cause that's what it will cost you.
You snively little children doing anything to get your way.  We have rules for a reason.  Wah we didn't win we're changing the rules.  UGH
It doesn't look good for Democrats. Using the Nuke just exactly what Democrats used during OB's presidency. Careful when U change the rules
Gorsuch seems to have plagiarism as a negative and favorites corporations over American citizens. GET $ OUT of politics & this won't happen.
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems THIEVES-STOLEN SEAT BY RUSSIAN DOUCEBAGS!!
BS Only you are responsible for your own actions. Voters were not represented, Senate GOP voted for wealthy donors only. #resist
Gorsuch is alt-right when we need a centrist to pull our country together. Wrong guy for the job.
Way to go @SenateGOP.  @senatorDems are bunch of babies & mad that Obama's nominee wasn't considered. They wouldn't approve anyone!
A WH under criminal investigation should not appoint SC Justices to lifetime positions. Investigate Russian interference now!
Republicans are thieves and have no conscience about theft. They are phony Christians who stole from MerrickGarland to #ConfirmGorsuch.
one way or another we will change the rules to get it. Because we can't get it following the rules.
No #impeachgop
Gorsuch has demonstrated willingness to allow employers to impose religion on employees. Vote for liberty. Vote no on Gorsuch.
Better to change the nominee. REPUBS DONT MAKE MISTAKE AFTER MISTAKE. The outcomes will not be nice at all.
What a shameful threat. "We'll get our way no matter what" is an abuse of power from those who must be REMOVED from office. YOU ARE NOT GODS
Prayers up! Now and during his service. This belongs to the Almighty
Gorsuch will be forever tainted if he accepts this way of getting on the Supreme Court. He will lose all credibilty.
and tell me how that serves America?!?!?!?
The democrats keep putting their petulant party before the sovereignty & wellbeing of the USA. They are lawless in cities all over the USA.
Right because GOP all about party before country. 2018 is coming #impeachtrump #RESISTANCE
because you will change the rules to get your way? Doesn't seem right, does it?
Amazing that @SenateGOP acts LIKE #FILIBUSTER IS Constitutional & U do SOME UNORTHODOX act!!! #FILIBUSTER was recently INVENTED by #DEMS!!!
NOOOOOOOOO! The Party of Putin will not prevail!
No!
No,it's up to Mitch McConnell, only he can change the rules to destroy our SCOTUS. Not60 votes. New nominee, notrule
GARLAND!
U people disgust me. It's not how things are supposed to work. Get another nominee all can agree on. I hope the #GOP fails completely
I'm always amazed at how you men can look into the camera and keep a straight face while shoveling sh*t to ALL your constituents.
Shameful minority 45 does not deserve this appt. Change your vote for love of country! Cross the aisle and support a fair SCOTUS
The Dems are corrupt and unAmerican. May the Lord remove ALL their power and authority. May they lose ALL their elections.
Do NOT do this, Just because you can doesn't mean you should! Get to 60 or find someone who can get to 60! #FollowTheRules
This is a mistake. For nuclear option. When tides change dems will destroy you and the country..or is that your plan?
So sad! GOP blocked Obama WH for everything possible. What goes around, comes around.
You might get Gorsuch but look out because we will have November 6, 2018...better start your resumes!
#voteGOPout2018#voteGOPout2018
How it happens is up to @GOP -
Of course you will. You are on the wrong side of history on this one.
Like you confirmed Garland? Oh wait.
Well, that's just PLAIN MALARKEY! The GOP is 2 blame 4 this injustice 2 .@MerrickGarland_  #StopGorsuch #NoGorsuch GOP are liars & criers
No SCOTUS until investigation concluded.
Ha! How does the sour dish taste now?!

NUKE the dumbass Schumer and the Dems for ever and change the SCOTUS to a CONSERVATIVE COURT!!!!!!
Sad shame the GOP would sell their souls & change longstanding rules to put an extremist in a lifetime position. #NoGorsuch #StolenSeat
"I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up." ~McCain
Thank you!  Now that is how it should be reported - focus on who has primary responsibility for this mess and it is the Democratics
go nuclear!
Go ahead. Go nuclear. I'll be laughing my ass off when it comes back to bite you in yours. Your days of majority are numbered.
Show the democrats you mean business. Stop kowtowing to PC. The GOP is losing it's grip and respect of voters who demand change. Unite USA.
This is the equivalent of l can't get what I want so I'm going to take my toys and go home. Stay strong @SenateDems! #voteoutrepublicans

Well stealing the seat with unprecedented actions against Merrick Garland and embrace of racial politics is one way
Just get the damn thing done....tired of the yak....yak..yak.. DO YOUR JOB. JUST F"ing DO IT!
Don't do this, @SenateGOP - THIS WOULD BE A HUGE MISTAKE
I hope you enjoy fucking with the rules to get your boy in there. Midterm elections are not going to be kind to you nor is history.
Spoken like true manipulator / abuser. "I didn't want to hit her, but she made me." Take responsibility for fact you don't have the votes.
Changing the rules when you can't win legitimately is called cheating. If you can't win by the rules, you don't deserve to win.
You'll win the battle and lose the war. You won't be in control after 2018--but your new rules will be and work against you.
Go ahead and shoot your party in the foot. We'll add it to gerrymandering and voter suppression as evidence you can't win without cheating.
So you're willing to destroy more norms just to push your #DarkMoney funded corp greed pick thru? #GOPCheats
This is a dangerous way to think. Blaming others for ur own actions is never a smart move. Think for yourselves. #NewNominee #ChangeNominee
No. How it happens is up to GOP. Dems won't invoke nuclear option, GOP will. Your choice. Your legacy. #novote
@GOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems @SenSchumer BEWARE Senate #Republican's! Go #nuclear 4 #Gorsuch & @TheDemocrats will win #midterm!
Cheaters. Merrick Garland.
Get errrrrrr done
Sad and pathetic that GOP is willing to damage the Senate & history to confirm a  plagiarist & weak jurist.
#GOPobstruction
He is NOT worth further dividing our country. There will be other nominees. Do not go "nuclear."
"One way or another, the Senate will" Trump threatening House Rs taught you nothing??  So unprofessional. Sad!
Despicable #GOP Congress snub of Garland does not entitle Gorsuch to a lifetime appointment.  It is UNconstitutional & major power grab.
This sounds like a threat and playground talk - tact and diplomacy are dead with the GOP.
SENATOR MITCH MCCONNELL'S WIFE WORKS FOR PUTINTRUMP,DEFINITELY. MCCONNELL'S PAYBACK? GO NUCLEAR!
That's right, because if we can't get what we want, we'll change the rules (or obstruct); there's honor in that somewhere, I'm sure.
Senate dems, try working with Gop, which is what the people want and stop being selfish and childish. #confirmgorsuch
#MerrickGarland didn't even get a hearing because of @GOP obstruction AND NOW you want @TheDemocrats to work with THEM!? #Gorsuchfilibuster
you're full of it. Democrats set the precedent of an outgoing president nominating a scotus. Follow your history
That's because the @SenateGOP are Crooks
Fill you pockets you Bunch of thieves #trumprussia
Like when you guys wouldn't vote on Garland? Hmm...
Who paid for Gorsuch's nomination, where did the money go? Gorsuch looks like a Lobbyist's Dark Money judge.
Just in: Senate Dems write Gorsuch calling on him to help find out who donated $10m+ backing his nomination - currently secret: 
Y'all should cancel recess. We the people may not let you back.
#MerrickGarland steal a seat and destroy Senate rules. Shame!
Filibuster. Do it. Pull the trigger. Go nuclear.
