Nope
Time to move away from POTUS. Work together in congress, Dems and GOP, to bring this country together. Trump doesnt want to do that.
Do NOT question Trump! Texans we stand with Trump not the Senate!
Ummmm...Nope!
How about controlling the POTUS and stop letting him be a man baby dead set on killing hundreds of thousands of americans and allies!
Embarrassed you are from Texas...I bet your a California transplant.
born and raised north of DFW but thanks.  spoon fed the WBAP, fox news crap for the last 38 years, not until trump did i question the right.
it's amazing how much he has opened my eyes to how pathetic the Republicans are and how easily they are manipulated.
hahaha! Thanks for the laugh!
Then how about you all do something instead of counting your own votes?
McConnell belongs in Prison with songbird McCain
Why do Sens McCain, Collins, & Murkowski still have their Sen Comm Chair assignments?  If they aren't on the team, they don't deserve them.
Because they're the real leaders in this pathetic Senate. The rest of them  - sheep.
'Real leaders' would not be OK with allowing the ObamaCare disaster continue to hurt Americans who need affordable healthcare.
I'm happy with my ACA healthcare. I pay full boat with no subsidy and it is WAY better than the private pay Texas insurance I had b4
Good for you. Unfortunately, ACA subjects millions to outrageously high premiums and deductibles.  Consider yourself blessed.
It would be better for Texans if Texas haD joined other states like NY and Mass to do their own exchanges... but the ACA is much better
Because Mitch is a soulless sociopath who doesn't mind screwing over the poorest & the sickest taxpayers who pay his salary.
Your definition of get it done is different than what that means in the real world its embarrassing to be a Republican Pct Chair
You’ve promised repeal for 7 years and delivered nothing.
Great Cornyn! Then you all can understand how much Trump wants to get his promises to American people passed. It would help, limit breaks
Team swastika
Lol John. Your potus is a babbling fool. You run a close second. McC is useless. We will be taking out the trash next election.
TheAmericanpeopleelectedPresidentTrumpnotyouguysonthebeltwaygetwithitdohisagenda
@senHatch @SenTillis @SenFlake @SenHeller we the VOTERS are tired of all of you doing NOTHING! 7 yrs. Repeal/Replace & you CHOKE
Or an alternative interpretation is that over 60% of Americans support the ACA &they are representing a majority of The People.There's that!
Where do the white supremacist fit into the budget?
Heather Heyer that's the name of the young woman, your boss and his murderous friends killed. Worthless republican.Liars the whole lot.
You're kidding, right?
Johnyou are a pos
Explain this to us, in person, senator. Especially given this poll: http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/10/politics/congress-health-care-poll-republican-failure/index.html … #Wherescornyn
Senator John Cornyn explain why you don't step up and denounce Trump, what is happening g is unconstitutional
Pathetic bunch of do nothings
I think it's time to look to real men such as @RandPaul Or @justinamash . These last 16.5 years or so have been a joke. Try freedom
The question is who's side are you on. You follow him around like a puppy. Every time he is in front of the cameras, you are beside him.
Dead on @TuckerCarlson. I saw it at events too.The people spoke. And they won't stop until they #draintheswamp.
Then why has NOTHING been accomplished?
Curious how FBI all swatted up to raid a republican- but dems skate. No raids, grand juries and real investigations.

There is not one republican politician who has a set of balls to do what's right and denounce this,racist,nazi loving president.
What has he lead? Nothing, nothing name one thing.
The GOP will eat itself alive.
Still no comment about nukes. How daft are you? PS- You're "team" is headed by a reality tv star with malignant narcissism. You're doomed.
Unemployment, Food stamps. Illegal aliens @ a low. Stock market at a high. New business everywhere. This is doom?
Perhaps if the president wasn't a jerk...8
Trumps agenda is NOT ALL THE SAME as your constituents..... take time and really LISTEN to your constituents!
there are to many I's in that team and to many traitors of America under McConnell's leadership.
So when is your team going to do something and stop bowing down to democrats #youlostmyvote
. You have got to be kidding me.  McConnell is the worst ever !
Focus on YOUR constituents. Don't get bogged down by other state's politics. Focus on Texas.
McConnell needs to join that team or retire.
Obviously not qualified enough to get it done! Guess you didn't get the mandate from Americans in November! Get on board or get out!
Any American is more qualified.  We can make decisions based on fact and logic.  Not based on who owned us.
are you being deliberately obtuse?
Really? Exactly what qualifies him to lead anything?
but he didn't get the job done
you're delusional. McConnell is so out of touch with the lives of Americans. We need people who are willing to work. Are you?
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
McConnell can start by taking chairmanship away from McCain and others who went back on their word to voters
Did you just arrive from outer space! McConnell needs to retire and if you really believe he is qualified you should retire.
It is a team effort Senator. However, McConnell is on the wrong team. #getridofMcConnell #oustallRINOs
More B.S.!
Should be passing legislation not pacing it.
old boy, you'd better have a job lined up. I have a feeling this is your last term.
But repeal of Obamacare was a Republican agenda for the past 7+ years--all Senate Republicans failed by not having a bill passed
I STRONGLY disagree Mr Cornyn. Mitch is a compromised deep state actor. He's not a fighter.
POTUS'S legislative agenda is horrible for America!  Time for you, McConnel, Cruz, Ryan and others to go.
You can forget about getting this conservative's vote when you are up for re-election.
Then let's see tax reform & ObamaCare replacement passed and on President Trump's desk. We have a great opportunity for @gop to govern!
As a registered Republican voting in your district I would highly suggest that y'all find a way to get on Trump's team
u had 7 years to come up w/ a plan & all we got was zip! Count on not being re-elected!! Disgraceful.
umm..Ted Cruz is
Sen Cornyn, 
You need to back the President, God's choice, and forget McConnell.   He is a creature of the swamp that is draining.  You too?
No, Mr. Cornyn...McConnell and you are establishment RINOS...you are both the problem!
-you all are nuts!  I can't wait for the election to vote you out of office.
hmmm..IF you truly believe that..then YOU are on our LIST to Vote OUT of office. 
McConnell INSULTED our POTUS :(
Go@POTUS #MAGA
You RINOs need to just resign & go home. If you can't do your jobs, you're taking tax money under false pretenses. Retire/resign
Your comment is why we must send all of the establishment career politicians home
Why are you supporting failure? We the People are not going to stand by and watch. YOUR OUT!
I'm from Texas and we are watching very carefully what you do and say! Repeal and replace!!! 
Then why didn't he get it done. It isn't up to TRUMP to get repeal done, it was up to you aft voting for repeal for 7 years
Says the person who destroyed the Senate's advise and consent role to promote Obama's Iran deal - $bllion payoff to terrorists!
@SenatorCollins Then please tell me why he can't get ObamaCare repealed after 7 years of campaigning on it!
You have been up his posterior for so long that you don't have a creative thought in your head.  Resign and help the country!
Then that means that you are all cowardly, disingenuous, lying losers! Equals with equals are easily associated!
BOLOGNA
Get repel and replace or you will be replaced.
and you all have been lying to us for 7 years - we gave you what you asked for and what do we get - nothing
no - McConnell has shown his wallet is more important than the American people he is supposed to WORK for!
The POTUS is correct-you guys had 7 yrs-where is your backbone?  MINORITY PARTY CONTROLLING EVERYTHING-DISGRACEFUL!
Suck up
he's a bumbling fool!
Qualified?  7 years of promises and failure.  Nothing accomplished.  How about following what has been promised?
We need Congress to help not hinder what your constituents voted you to do. If you can't get on board, go home!We will get someone who will
Maybe if tongres started defending the American people instead Of lining their own pockets The president wouldn't be after you
BS
McConnell may be "qualified" Senator, but he ain't doin' his job.
Where do u stand Sen. on the tragedy that unfolded today in Charlotte? Will you also obfuscate on this act of terror?
- So you're on the take too, huh?
#Traitors u r! Pathetic! #ResignNow
We GAVE you the House, and Senate, you've done nothing! Prepare to lose both!
Where is the team that we need?
Pass this again https://goo.gl/BnkHFi   @realDonaldTrump
I'm a lifetime Texan.  You voted to repeal ACA under Obama.  Put up SAME bill under @realDonaldTrump .  If it was right then, it's right now
I'll be working overtime to ensure you are not re-elected. For 7 yrs Republicans campaigned to repeal Obamacare. Get to work. No replace.
Disagree. Time for Mitch to go. He can't even get Kate's Law passed. Drain the swamp.
Can't agree with you, Senator Cornyn.  Senator McConnell has not shown the ability to pass legislation.  Time to retire!
Does any rational person still think it's a good idea to pass POTUS's legislative agenda? Please county overt party.
Then why isn't done.  You are all losers - champions of deceit to keep you seats of high profit.
what would you attribute to repub senators not being able to come together and fulfilling their promise to repeal and replace?
and how long has it been since you promised to repeal?  Why have you all done ZERO in 7 years?  Do you have a backbone?
Not True, He's not up to the fight
Then why are you on vacation, get to work and repeal obamacare and then get the government out of health care!!
John your as bad as he is
Talk is cheap and no longer tolerated.   Get to fulfilling promises or get to updating your resume.
Mitch is as reckless as you are. Both of you are culpable for what happened in Virginia today because your failure to condemn Trump. SAD!
WHAT U THINK "WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE," DON'T THINK SO HE DIDN'T TRY I COULD HAVE DONE HELL OF BETTER JOB U DOING SAME OLE THINGS
all of you keep doing nothing... repeal and replace obamacare #1 on your agenda - according to YOU..
No one said he wasn't qualified.
McConnell just drags his feet as do most of you  politicians..do your job, we are the ones suffering.
then why are you not doing it ??? - obstructionist just like the democrats - we are sick of all of you..
My cat is more qualified. In fact, mealworms would do a better job than 'all.
Really? No one is more qualified than Mr. Obstructionism!  Wrong.
I disagree. He isn't helping the people unless they are wealthy. Hi destruction of Medicare is disgusting! Leader? Ha!
We stand with Trump, not u do nothings. #63MillionStrong #MAGA
Team effort, my foot, John. Why don't you get to work and earn your lousy pay? You are "all talk and no action." From a Texan.
Ur as delusional as McConnell. #DRAINTHESWAMP and you guys with it.
BS John! We Texans have soured on you just like we did on kay baily!!! You will have a primary challenge!! Say adios!!
Prove it, get 'er done
Texas needs to vote you out!

We need stronger senator!

Mitch is just like you! Politician!
The Senate's job isn't to pass the President's agenda. Please go back to school.
Recognizing need for "team effort", it seems there is very critical 'need' to stop posturing & work toward positives-no excuses
What team? The Promise-everything-but-do-nothing-team that you've been on for far too long?
Can you say recall election.
McConnell is a useless POS as are you!!  You were elected to do a job which you and that worthless Senate has failed to do for 7 years now.
McConnell has proven he is useless as a leader. We term limits to get all these power hungry asses out
"No one is more qualified than Mitch McConnell to lead Senate in that effort."
No one is more qualified? Glad to hear that. It means we can all have our health care then.

Why didn't he get Obamacare killed?
BS. Do your job. Get on board w our POTUS or We WILL vote you OUT.
https://twitter.com/DwayneStovall 
President Trump should use executive order to remove 75% tax assistance congress gets for O care. You and McConnell would get 51 vote then.
Trying to pass the legislative agenda of an ignorant, nuclear armed psychopath is wrong.  When will you start @POTUS impeachment trial?
Get over it. You lost.
Is this like when Obama said no one was more qualified to be @POTUS than Hillary? From a lifelong Texas Republican: give me a break!
McConnell is inept and incapable of leading as he has so boldfully demonstrated during the past 8 yrs. He's part of the problem.
Y r u supporting failure & not getting anything done? Republicans promised repeal for 7 years & delivered nothing. Yes; I'm a R fm TX.
Mitch may be qualified but he isn't getting anything done, he needs to go!
Then start doing it or we r gonna vote u out . U work for us do what u were told by voters !
So no word on the Nazi rally going on? Silence means consent. Why doesn't your leader tweet about that?
Why don't you tweet about Hillary and russia, or Hillary and Lynch. how about collusion with CNN and Hillary. Silence is consent libtard
That may be accurate, but from what I see and hear, Senator Mitch McConnell does not seem to be the right person for the job.
Why does he not get a #fullrepeal of #Obamacare? The House did it. Why do our Senators fail to give us what was promised?
Stop it Cornyn, leadership fulfills promises. McConnell promised repeal & replace by August. Leaders don't allow members to renege on word.
you have turned into such a disappointing Senator! You have started as a Conservative, but no longer. Don't defend McConnell.
We the ppl are sick and tired of you elitists not representing the ppl and not backing up POTUS.We will replace you
If you and McConnell are unable to pass Obamacare repeal in the Senate, I am voting for you opponent in the Republican primary.
Mitch is SABATOGING OUR PRESIDENT AND WE ELECT YOU ALL TO DO A JOB AND IF YOU CAN NOT THEN IT'S TIME TO GO! YOU HAD 8 YEARS
I'm concerned that you are too subservient to McConnell.
You sound smarter when you're SILENT. RINO McConnell and McCain and Ryan are part of the ongoing PROBLEM #TERMLIMITSFOR ALL
Apparently not.  He has failed.  Head of the swampers that want arrogantly slow business as usual. Your defense of him says it all.
Right. So far he has gotten zero done.  You are in that nothing boat too
Trump aint exactly a team player.
if the past 6 months is any indication of that, it's going to be a very long, uneventful 4 years
Senate leadership (that's you) is really terrible at governing. Never seen such an inept group of clowns. Rep. cannibalism is delicious.
we don't think either of you are qualified to lead anything but a train out of town
Problem is Mitch and you sir seem to be failing at leading. At this point I doubt you could corral the votes to give yourself raises.
@JohnCornyn, you and McConnell are part of the swamp that needs to be drained. I will not waste my vote on you again. Support the President.
Mitch needs to go!
Oh, did Mitch elect you? PS, there's a huge brown spot on the end of your nose. U work 4 #Texans, not #Mitch!
It's not just POTUS agenda.  It's the people's agenda! It's what we the people want! Pass the agenda! Now!
It requires republicans to keep their word and do what they said they would.  We're tired of lip service. Quit slow walking and blocking
Really? Because he and you have failed after lying to your base for 7 years. #DitchMitch #DitchCornyn
So what's his problem?
Says Mitch's cockholster
You people r sickening. @POTUS is right- for 7 YEARS y'all have been saying same crap: Repeal, Replace. So why wasn't there a Bill ready?
McConnell should remain. Trump must be removed from office ASAP. GOP should have realized by now he is an impediment to their agenda.
1st lets get the house , next we need the senate , then the white house and still can't fulfill your promises. clean house
It's too slow, sir. You all need to make it happen. All we hear are excuses. You are my senator and I expect more.
Maybe your part of the prob.  Potus has been on his own since January. You should be ashamed.
Sorry John, we are done with the lies of the Progressive GOPe. Prez was right, y'all promised for 7 years yet couldn't get it done.
No one was more qualified than Joe Biden to be @potus in 2016.
mcconnell is a heartless, cruel, self serving s.o.b. and reprobate; not unlike yourself, sir.  Hope you all get tossed come the midterms!!
Not a smart move to speak against our president. And yes I'm a Texas voter.
Were you hoping to be reelected in Texas?
