Sessions should not be confirmed.
like your tiny penis ?

http://savethesnowflakes.org 
http://banishthetrumpsuckers.com 
http://savethesnowflakes.org 


@houseboatlenny He did a wonderful job. It sounds like a man he respects.
@real_sessions ya like the fact you got paid millions to keep cigarettes unregulated n big tobacco free of lawsuits?
Always good to hear from those who know him, especially when they are not politically motivated to be disingenuous.
Your facts, or real facts?   Not "heartfelt" - Williams worked for Sessions.
your constituents in Utah barely support Trump. why are you acting like a Trump clone in committee? Pathetic end of career
let's make this about facts. Sessions has a history of opposing and repressing civil rights. Fact.
You are in denial
@TomFitton ahhhh truth music to my ears so nice!!
Yes, it should be about FACTS, not the touchy feely crap regurgitated by GOPS about Sessions during hearings!
Goon.
Ask that ass senator that said his words. I agree with Sen. Hatch, watch, hear, not just listen.
Excellent & the TRUTH! to what the role will be.  God Bless @SenOrrinHatch for giving the TRUTH! PA loves Hatch!
WHY DONT PPL REALIZE YA CANT BE A BIGOT ON THE HILL BC OF THE RULES.   NO RULES AT HOME WERE HE IS HIMSELF !!
God bless you my brother
@stormestone Sen.Cory Booker says the country needs love… I think we need a Attorney General that will enforce the law #MAGA
I watch and listened to his whole statement, what a fearless man, with those heavy hitters testifying, he stood up to them.
You are awesome thank you for just saying the truth.We all have beautiful loving mixed families that have no thoughts of hate
liberals create facts,haven't we learned that yet?
These are facts. Sessions is a great choice 4 Attorney General.
https://youtu.be/chkAASced_0 
what a great American
I'll take the word of this patriot, rather than that of "wanna run for pres. in 2020, Bory Booker" ! What a misguided waste!
@BowlinPat Too bad there will be Uncle Tom remarks and this race bating never ends. Our country needs to quit this. Enough.
GOD BLESS YOU AND JEFF. WE NEED HIM IN THIS cabinet
Bravo!!!! Well said!!!
you and Sen Cruz restored dignity to this carnival. Rubio is a disgrace. @KSouth4trump
Wow!
The REAL "fact" is that Sessions prosecuted VOTER FRAUD.  Those against@this must feel that voter fraud is OK!
yes.  He was nice to black people.  How does that  erase the facts that are his voting record? His public stances?
God bless him, cannot be easy for him to stand up! We still have some heroes!
I applaud you #MrSmith! I'm from AL.
Truly worthy to watch and Sessions deserves that position. Dems whining and trying to  sabotage are simply mad they lost
lol.
God bless Mr Smith for speaking the truth
best pick for Trump everybody are just being haters...
I applaud you William Smith! I have watched all of these on @FoxNews & I look forward to the Trump administrations!!
hitler had his Jewish suooorts as well. Hatch you make me ashamed to be from Utah. Your despicable!
booker only in it for political boost.  Pathetic.
His testimony was very heartfelt and powerful.
@KHalveyGibson  this is the real thing; where grandstanding C. Booker (changes position) & went low, Mr. Smith went HIGH!
Thank you Mr. Smith.
thank you sir
#Facts ??? Made by whom ??? You mean REmade facts ??? #GOP facts ????
Sessions will do a great job. CONGRATS
MAGA.
if this doesn't clear up the racist issue then it will never be cleared
Right On
Senator Booker lied. Either when he stood by Jeff Sessions and praised him or when he trashed him in the committee meeting.
Mr. Smith brought tears to my eyes and inspired me.
wonderful
nice
@CoryBooker YES! Facts vs Cory's "feelings" while he tries to make a name for himself.
hurray for Mr. William Smith ! What a refreshing splash on the soul to listen to him. I wish a bright future to Mr. Smith.
William Smith did a great job. I agree, heartfelt and sincere. I feel I know Sessions from his testimony. @SenOrrinHatch
Of course it should be about the facts, but when the Democrats are involved, the facts never matter. Go offensive.
Agreed.
Since when is anything in DC Politics about facts?  The house and senate both live on non factual, non verified information
you work for a man you will get to know him inside and out but if you don't like white people they will all be the devil
#FOXNEWS WHY DIDN’T FOX RUN THIS ALONG WITH COREY BOOKER SLIME FOX IS THE BIAS MEDIA
way to go William Smith Sessions will be great!
I'll just leave this right here....
A true gentleman glad I was able to watch him on TV and learn who this man is. Thank you sir for your sincerity
Sir, I agree but the truth has been ignored for years.
Really got upset with those who used their time to give speeches having nothing to do with Sen Sessions
@SenatorSessions  
Rises, and with great decorum to protestors, bellows, "I put a Klansman in the electric chair."
Resumes dignity, sits.
Dammit, @SenOrrinHatch , @Heritage .... I'm drinking here. You know I become MORE Conservative. Now, I gotta watch!
It was really good.
.Outstanding Mr. Smith
Its NOT ABOUT RACE!!!! ITS ABOUT WHAT-IS-RIGHT...verses WRONG!  Those on the side of AL Sharpton are TOTALLY WRONG!!!
But, I thought Sen. Sessions was supposed to be a racist?  http://tinyurl.com/zpc2dp8 
Mr. William Smith's comments were respectful & sincere. I appreciate his honesty & desire to express truth TY Sir!
He was also swiping hard at Cory Booker-using his testimony against SenSessions 4 his own pol aspiration (2020 prez bid)
Ty
Just 
Ty
#This was so moving! He spoke up for someone he respected and cared about. A real friend, strong voice for what's right!
Wonderful Man
@LindaSuhler Take Booker out back and kick his butt.
We stand by Your staffer100%!
@LindaSuhler PLEASE TELL MR SMITH--- "WELL DONE!!"
respectfully where have you been? The DNC/MSM MACHINE will never discuss facts only their propaganda @TuckerCarlson
A voice of fairness and honesty lacking self serving career promotion of many who spoke at Sen.Sessions hearing.
.@SenOrrinHatch @LindaSuhler Wow! This guy was great!
@LindaSuhler Sticking up for your friends - Merica
May God bless this county with leaders who support truth and justice!
I agree! These hearings are just a political stage for a lot of hot air & too many times personal character assasinations!
Thank you for giving such an honorable statement to a distinguished man of heart.
if Sessions is all of those extreme and ridiculous things the far-left claims, he certainly cannot be any worse than Lynch
Oh, but then it would be very boring. Lies make the process much more irrelevant from what it is. USA veered from founders.
William Smith you crushed it. MAGA
Mr. Smith goes to Washington. And what a good thing that is.
Wonderful statement young man. Admirable Thank You
watching senators besmirch a fellow senator was incredibly sad. He is a fine, upstanding senator and deserves respect.
must watch
Must Watch !
Sessions' disdain for the Voting Rights Act= fact. We will not tolerate him. See you Jan 23rd at the #WomensMarch in SLC, Ut!
This is a black man with integrity
Well spoken and BIG TY Mr William Smith
#ConfirmSessions
William is a good man
If he we a dem, there would be no problem!  right dnc?
@prolifewill awesome man!! Thank you for standing up for sessions
I was EXTREMELY impressed with William Smith's testimony.  It's so  refreshing to see that kind of honesty.
@TomFitton One of the few that GET IT. It takes Guts
Very powerful
gracefully and heartfelt endorsement young man
this young lawyer was so intelligent in his comments on Sen. Sessions
@Bluffsands awesome friend to Sen Sessions
Mr Smith was awesome !
Everything he said was a fact as he experienced it
wow even with a black mans testimony the democraps r still gonna call this guy racist. So ugly
Sen.  Did Sen Warren say "if our women need to be raped by Muslims to prove our tolerance, so be it" a consituent
@silverbird458 

How much  did he get??
Make this video go viral.
If there was a positive take away 4 senator sessions today this mans words were it. Highly impressed
Hey Booker...this is for you!
In mater of race relations Tis hard for us in the South to swallow continued slings of false race slings&arrows
Thank goodness for men of his ilk to stand up for what is right!
we would be lucky to get sessions as AG
When have the Democrats ever concern themselves with the fax?
<<<this is why, @CoryBooker , I will never cast a votefor you. #FalseNegativeTestimony Corey
after the last 8 years of AGs that have no respect for the office Sessions will bring back dignity to the Justice Department.
One of the few REAL Black Americans who doesn't make decisions based on color of skin&hatred for people of the White race!
I've worked with racist people that said they weren't racist.  Please don't be insulting about this. You're white.
Thank you, Sen. Hatch for posting this man's powerful testimony on Twitter about Sen. Sessions. No political spin, just truth
enough said.
bless y'all
@Heritage I know, such wasted time and money...Slander $
This is the way we should treat each other with respect & honor. MLK Jr would be proud of Wm Smith but NOT Cory Booker.
@Heritage -I'm 100% behind Sen.Sessions & he should be approve by every Senator!
Sessions is a racist and will say whatever to be confirmed. How can up hold the law when he was the fist to back a Predator!
many who post negative didn't even watch confirm hearing or to ignorant to be objective.
@real_sessions still trying to prove you have black friends??
The racist bigots of the Congressional Black Caucus were despicable. Their show was all about Booker wanting to be President!
How come we don't have any Congressional White/Hispanic/Asian/Amer. Indian/Eskimo, etc....Caucuses?
love that
William smith was very spoken and obviously knows Sessions well Cory Booker was grand standing
we do not put racist judges in office! He should not be confirmed.
must be an Uncle Tom. How else to explain a black man endorsing a white man of principle. Dems. can't understand free thnking
@bbdoll11 way to go William Smith! Call it as it is!
@Heritage 
This Testimony must go to the history of our nation! Evil forces will try to divide us but the truth must prevail.
@JimDeMint... It was powerful indeed!
please encourage Dems to keep playing race card to insure Trump gets 8 years
Saw that. It was amazing! Why do black dems keep bringing up 50 yrs ago? Oh because bozo has set them back that far. HOW SAD.

Had me all the way to War Eagle! Go Dawgs!
@Heritage - Smith VS Booker at hearing: no contest. No prez run for Booker.
The Good People of America are Fed up with Obama's political operatives.. Can't wait until hes gone..
powerful testimony for Sen. Jeff Sessions!
THIS IS A STRONG MAN   THANK U SIR
He's a jewel Dems are desperate. They don't like people that uphold the Consitution or rule of law.. Sad
@Heritage going to enjoy their liberal heads exploding when Sessions is CONFIRMED!
Standing up for what's RIGHT!
@Heritage mr. William Smith seems like a very good man...
@Heritage War Eagle!
@Heritage keyword he follows the law of the day no matter what day it is need to give the man a chance...
@Heritage SEEMS MANY IN DC HAVE LOST THEIR WAY . NOT ME !!!
Wow. You have my support.
@Heritage Rep of CBC insinuating appearance in last panel to testify was akin to being delegated to back of bus is repugnant
Excellent!
This testimony = #MicDrop
love that he snuck in "War Eagle" at the end
- me too, fantastic!!

@SenOrrinHatch
it should indeed. Which is why I find it funny that Dems race-bait instead of inquire on his aggressive drug policy positions
Much respect for Wm. Smith and Sen. Sessions...confirm Sen. Sessions
He was an amazing and heartwarming person
War Eagle Baby!!!
oh,oh, did someone say BLOCK
facts just the facts
I thought his testimony was exactly right.  I was heartened by it and wholeheartedly support Senator Sessions!
unfortunately, you have made so many unprincipled votes, that this rings hollow.
