Baloney,horseradish,nuts! Balderdash,hooey,nonsense!
#NOTAXREFORM 'til 45 releases his returns as promised! #Resist #Trumptaxes #Russiagate
Orrin Hatch is the expert on helping the middle class? Just say no to Trickle Down!
And hugest win for the rich
This plan raises taxes on those at the bottom. 12% is higher than 10%. Additionally, it raises the debt.


We are going to fund huge military increases, rebuild from 3 epic hurricanes, treat private jets like public transportation & cut taxes?
R'S have 75 CONGRESS SEATS UP IN 2018. PORTMAN's GOT TO GO.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, BILLIONAIRES TAX CUTS" bad egg
Oh pleeeeease.   Real jobs (infrastructure and health care) would help the middle class
"A huge win for the middle class" is in quotes because it's sarcastic and hilarious, right? (We know it isn't a win.) #PleaseStop

Oh really? That's not what I hear...
TRICKLE DOWN DOESN'T WORK.

JW fights for #Clinton draft indictment  and calls for #IRS Commish to be removed & #Mueller investigation to end.
http://jwatch.us/xz8iZn 

Estimates show that Trump would save $1.1 billion with new plan. Only way to tell is to see his latest tax returns--we have a right to know.
How many time must we Dis-prove Trickle down theory?  The rich get richer and the middle class gets nothing.
You are lying and so is he.  As usual, this is only a tax cut for the rich, kind of like your donors.  Quit trying to sell us this huge lie.
Yeah, right
The problem is that although relieving the burden on businesses should create jobs, it doesn't- your previous cuts have shown that!
Waiting for the job & wage explosion since mid 1980's...they're a NO SHOW!
NO TRICKLE!
NO TRUTH!
NO SCRUPLES!
Maybe Sen Hatch and You could work on the robbing of tax payers by Dr Price and Scott Prueitt private plane abuse on tax payers dollars
And 3 million dollar Trump golf trips AND Secret Service budget drained halfway through the year...most extravagant administration ever!
Price, Pruitt, Zinke. Wasting tax money as if this was their own personal business and not the United States of America. Get them out!
Magic thinking - dependent on the ever-elusive "growth" of the economy to pay for the mess.
Not buying it...
Didn't work under Regan. Won't work now either. Where are the leaders with new ideas?

I'll trust an opinion piece from him about as much as I trust anything that comes from you. #FollowtheMoney #TaxReform #Bullshit
Counting on economic growth to pay for tax cuts seems like a big gamble. What if it doesn't happen and the deficit balloons, as in the past?
Yeah, remember when Bush cut taxes? Wasn't that great? It is now responsible for 40% of our national debt
Which part? I’m in the middle class and my taxes are going up #TaxcutsForTheRich #racist
Come on Portman! No one is stupid enough to believe this. Try again
Guys, what about the elephant in the room? Carried Interest?
It is a LIE. Who benefits the most, the rich. No inheritance tax, incorporate and drop tax rate down to 25. We R NOT stupid #gopfulloflies
To be fair, I'll post your record on the middle class and corporations. I want #Ohio citizens to see the specifics: http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Robert-Portman-400325 …
Middle class does not exist anymore .there are poor upper middle class then rich I'm a machinist and haven't been middle class since the 70s
Unicorns  and trickle down economics. Not real.
This article is oppressive in nature. You rely on us not understanding. I understand.
As long as you define 'middle class' as those making $500,000 or more a year. The real middle class will get the shaft.
By middle class do you mean "elite upper class"? Keep the SALT deduction and increase the standard deductions. Then we can talk.
Its another GOP fraud wait until everyone figures out all the deductions they are losing.
By eliminating deductions? TRICKLE DOWN DOESN'T WORK.
No actually that would be a LIE. It is a huge win for the Rich Corporate America. Americans are not buying any more of @HouseGOP Lies!
Gary Cohen helped write it said the opposite. Glad you have facts straight! Start calling you Shaq because you’re such a hack. #HackaShaq
The middle class does not make 200k +.
Not in the plan I read! It's a huge win for YOU, maybe.
Roy Moore thinks your son shld be in jail bc he's gay and you're ok w/it bc he'll vote to eliminate the estate tax. That's pretty effed
Don't lie to us. Republicans have no credibility. You @senrobportman want to #RobthePoor with this #TrumpTaxScam.
Protect our pre-existing conditions #Healthcare
21st century solutions needed! How bout a carbon tax, raises revenues, mitigated costly climate change?
Bc Orrin hatch's looking out for the working class folks. That's what he's known for
How does the elimination of the estate tax and AMT bring the middle class a huge win?!?
@senrobportman Please ensure studies, hearings with experts, independent cost benefit analysis are included.
Lies. Unless by "middle class" do you mean those owning $1M homes? Mortgage interest deduction ELIMINATED if your mortgage is less than $1M.
Not convinced - #taxreform looks to be a huge win for corporations and the wealthy that don't need tax cuts.
You all lie!  U don't give two shits about anyone other than the 1% especially Koch, mercer, etc.!
Trickle down economics. Doesnt work
It's not a win at all. Your same old strategy. Blow up the deficit, then tell us the only option is to gut public programs. Shame!
Middle class doesn't need a "huge win," but a good gov't! Where do we turn when our water kills us, our bridges fall? And gov't needs money!
Except it isn't. I cashed my rebate in the 70's and bought a pizza. Still waiting on economics to trickle down. #RichGetRicher
Now if only workers could get decent health ins and child care. Those pesky probs not going away. Maybe start advertising open enrollment
@SecPriceMD is an example of how your tax cuts will be spent on.  Can you tell us honestly that reform will bring family supporting jobs? No
@senrobportman this is trickle down economics. I  (middle clas) will see no real change while wealthy benefit the most.
I don't believe a word republicans say about tax "reform".
If you look up "lyin" in the dictionary, why there's a picture of you AND Orrin, Robby! Yur numbers don't square w/yur sweet talk.
*as per usual
Absolute thievery. This tax plan is disgusting. How dare you work to widen the divide
I want to see Trump's tax returns.
Except it's not a good deal
Stop propagating lies
Why should I believe this since @realDonaldTrump has already lied about it?
GOP lies
I don't see how this is a win for the middle class and we already know you only care for the rich.
How dumb you think your constituents are to believe this crap. But I guess you @GOP love low IQs, gets you elected
Oops:
Not a good read Senator. Just the very basic ideas. As Sen. Hatch says, the bill must be drafted and details fleshed out- therein probs lie!
It does NOT appear that the middle class will benefit.  Trickle down doesn't work
Same old bullshit. Cutting taxes at the top brings growth & more jobs. HA! That never happens. Don't treat Ohio voters like we're stupid.
Historically, not when Republicans enact it. I doubt we'll do well with this plan.
How are tax cuts to the wealthy helpful to the middle class? #TrickleDownDoesntWork
Trickle down economics is a lie.
This is a LIE. Under current plan, taxes on rich & corporations go down and taxes on middle class go up! Have you no shame?!? LIAR!!
doesn’t sound like it
Everytime GOP says tax cuts to corps & wealthy will help middle class, it creates a bigger gap btwn low/middle class & wealthy.
Here's a better analysis:
Not this one.  Lies don't help Ohioans.
How can this be a win when the proposal would remove the dependent deduction? The increased childcare credit is limited by age and income.
Please pt to USA history where lower corp tax rate led to high paying increased employment. Reagan cut taxes ran up debt n corps went o/seas

SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
Double down on trickle down?
Lies
Same old saw abt "job producers" When will corporate profits be high enough they can take some responsibility for societys that support them
*societies

Trump adviser Gary Cohn "can't guarantee" taxes won't go up for middle class: "There's an exception to every rule." http://abcn.ws/2fu10KR  
Trickle down doesn't work -
Stop selling this .  Drops taxes for corporations from 35% to 20% and leaves in loop holes.The Republician way.ROB ago back to sex & drugs

Since when is robbing taxpayers for the benefit of the rich good news, conmanRob?
Worst Ohio Senator. Ever.  
It's as if Trump chose him hisself.
Move somewhere rich where you'll actually being doing good 4 community.
Rob middle class share of America has been dwindling since 1980 when marginal rate was 80% . Can you please explain the correlation.
We are not winning when people are suffering in hurricane ravaged areas.  This should be priority.  DACA protection too. Priorities Senator!
That’s a lie. Read it more closely my Senator.
Not only will this raise the deficit, it only puts a few$ in the working class pockets. Be honest ,this is another scheme for the super rich
What is next?! #shame #TrickleDown does NOT WORK.
Please explain how eliminating the standard deduction and personal exemption tax deductions from the middle class is going to help any of us
Why are left wing liberal women so ugly and fat and Republican women so hot. MMM MAKES U THINK.
But Price and Prueitt are white republican males so you have no care about th abuse of tax payers dollars and will turn your head
Huge win for middle class is yet to be seen. Most likely bigger benefit to wealthy and business. You push tax reform but were quiet on HC?
2/2
Not buying it. Also, why aren’t you letting Ohioans into your Columbus Office to deliver petitions? 1/2
What? Is this true?
Taking advice from @OrrinHatch is a bit like taking advice from Satan
"Gary Cohn "can't guarantee" taxes won't go up for middle class." -ABC

Tell me what this does for the middle class as our taxes go up?

From a reputable source (& I paraphrase): no tax cut guaranteed for the middle class.
Do better!
CORPORATIONS ARE NOT MIDDLE CLASS PEOPLES.
Don't buy it. What else you got?
Reverse Robinhood ,Take from the poor and middle class and give to the 1 precent and Corp America
how about not electing politicians for life?  #TermLimits are you telling me NOBODY ELSE in Utah is capable of doing this job?  WHAT A JOKE!
If you implement term limits, you have to implement bureaucratic limits as well
Are you telling me EVERYONE in Utah is stupid and incapable?  Yeah, seems like Hatch has to rule like a king until dead of old age.  SAD
No. Lol good morning. 
What I'm saying is that bureaucrats could just sit there on their hands and not do things because they'll know that
Wow, you think just because you say it that makes it true? Try saying Puerto Rico has plenty of food and water next.
We don't believe him either.
MUST WATCH 
DOJ is, in every day and every way, protecting Hillary Clinton.  Audit DOJ coverup of Hillary Clinton email scandal. https://youtu.be/r02as4RBfeg  
^^Accounts from Russia
Molly's account from Deep State ^^^
