Go Nuclear and confirm this wonderful man.
.@SenateGOP .@GorsuchFacts Then why didn't you vote on Merrick Garland? Why?
What about "so called judges?" You have no credibility. You didn't even give the man a hearing. #resist
and @SenTedCruz giving blow jobs
really?  Is that why Merrick Garland didn't get a vote?  Notsomuch.
the problem is that Garland Did Not get a hearing which is unAmerican and unacceptable Republicans played politics
No such thing as Republican BS or Democratic BS, just bull shit.
I'm pretty sure your quote should be, "you have repug supported judges & that's it"..right? #GarlandNotGorsuch
Bullpucky if it wasn't political the position would no longer be vacant. It's all on you obstructionists. Dimwits.
that's not true.
- that's a great idea why don't you use your authority to make sure judges do what you say?
He had to say it....I'm okay with that.
Um, you'll want to tell @POTUS that, not us.
Oh, so then you'd like Merrick Garland to be the next supreme court justice?
That is not true.  The sum total of all your experiences influence your judgement!  Even Independents!
Until that bastard get nominated and its all Nazi!
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts so why did Merrick Garland not get a hearing?
Im sure the Senate will screw this up just as the House, &
 Freedom jerks screwed Trump in repealing Obama Care.
that should be the case the law is the law politics should not matter
Really, not being hypocritical now are you?  Garland first, then Gorsuch.
This is True. Judges are NOT politicians.
.@SenateGOP @GorsuchFacts If you believed that, you would have given Obama's nominee his hearing, wouldn't you? #RealFacts
If that's the case why didn't you give Merrick Garland, Obama's nominee, a hearing or a vote?
Gorsuch has demonstrated willingness to allow employers to impose religion on employees. Vote for liberty. Vote no on Gorsuch.
Oh really? Then why has the GOP repeatedly said this election is all about the seats on the Supreme Court?
If that was the case, why did Judge Garland not even merit a hearing? Your hypocrisy isn't even surprising anymore.
tell that to your constituents "radical activist judges" and good ole Trumpy "...so called judge..."
Which is why your refusal to consider Merrick Garland was a gross and inexcusable dereliction of duty. For shame.
.@SenateGOP @GorsuchFacts The courts are more partisan than Congress. Get real please.
@TexasGOP @GorsuchFacts u clowns were n an uproar when ban failures 1 & 2 were stopped. U said replace liberal judges. Hypocrisy!
pretty sure that's wrong. 17% of state supreme court judges won in partisan elections #GorsuchAlternativeFacts
that's a frickin LIE per HIS OWN MEMO to GWB White House #StolenSeat
Then why didn't Garland get a hearing? Double standards?
hahaha not true at all- otherwise Merrick Garland would be in the court right now.
#ConfirmGarland
#postponeGorsuch #russiagate #kremlingate #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#GarlandNotGorsuch
If GOP thought this to b true, Why was Garland nomination by President Obama not accepted? #Trumprussia #russiagate
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts where was this GOP position with Obamas more qualified nominees?? You all are embarrassing. Go away
No, we have judges and Democrats on the bench.
#MerrickGarland would be a great choice - he embodies this philosophy.
so why wasn't Merrick Garland confirmed?
tell that to the state of Alabama. Apparently there are white and black ones #rolltide
its more like payoff brackets how much would my outcome cost u want that in cash or favor's
Oh. Really? Then why didn't you put Merrick Garland on the bench? GOP wins biggest liars on planet award.
democrats got it all wrong we need someone like @GorsuchNeil
Yes, we always say that when the candidate is of our choosing.
You blew it with Garland. No way will I allow my senators to give you Gorsuch. Garland first.
Sure we do. We also just have police who don't see gender or color when enforcing laws ... New GOP fairytales
If that were the case then why did you stop Merrick Garland from having a hearing?
bwahahahahahahaha!  #MerrickGarland
.@SenateGOP @senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts but there is such aa thing as #treason and the @GOP appears to be #complicit
Really? Is that why *45 promised 1 who would uphold your agenda and you refused to even meet with Merrick Garland?
but there is a difference in conservative view vs. moderate view
Tell that to the US Courts of the 9th Circuit
So where is your Tweet condemning Trump's comments about "so callled" judges? Oh wait, you have no integrity. SAD!!
#GarlandFirst
Now we all know that's not true.
.@SenateGOP @GorsuchFacts Agreed. So this Republican Senate should confirm Garland before anyone else.
the law and constitution before party politics 
People before corporations! FILIBUSTER
then why didn't you allow Garland a hearing? I can't stand the hypocrisy. Just be honest for a change. #novelidea
 #PutinPick
if that's true, why did you refuse to even give Merrill Garland the courtesy of a hearing, let alone an up or down vote??
I believe the terms to apply are originality and activist judges
yes, like Merrick Garland
Merely lip service. Merrick should have the job.
If Gorsuch had ANY ETHICAL BASE he would halt proceedings until #trumprussia is resolved.
#RESISTANCE 
oh you mean like Merrick Garland?
if that was true then why wouldn't you confirm Merrick Garland? You don't even lie well.
right. Ok. So why didn't you have a hearing on Garland?  Two faced SOBs.  You lie and cheat your way thru congress
You guys lie cheat and steal. We don't trust you. Your leader is a pathological liar.
U R CORRUPT. The @GOP is CORRUPT. #trumprussia INDICT Nunes Tillerson Ross Price McConnell Chao for COLLUSION.
then why wouldn't you confirm judge Garland? #alternativefacts
only in conservatives eyes. Democrats legislate from the bench.
Better get this right! Don't allow dems to block Gorsuch! Show some damn backbone for a change!
if that was the case,then that position would have already been filled .
that is such hooey. . .  it is all about installing a justice that will uphold corporations over the people
Lol! Yeah right. #stoplying
but with Gorsuch...he would be the NRA and Corporations Justice....wolf in lambs clothing...beware.
Trump is illegitimate.  No SCOTUS appointment while he is in office.
OMG, that is way too funny. Do you think the people are stupid?
during a election year the outgoing president is not supposed to pick a judge. FYI
The judges in the 9th Circuit are ridiculously ultra-liberal. Most of their decisions are overturned.
OH is that why you guys pledged to block Clintons nominee when you thought she was going to win?
then why are we even here? Using the same logic, you have confirmed Merrick Garland. 
.@SenateGOP Tell that to Merrick Garland, you pathetic excuses for leaders, your hypocrisy should disgust all Americans #GarlandIsAJudge
Oh yes there is. You want him not because he will interpret the law but interpret it the way you want him to.
Then why is there a $10 million dark $ campaign pushing for his confirmation? A SCOTUS should be campaign free.
These quotes combined juxtaposed with refusing to confirm Merrick Garland make ya'all sound 1000x more petty #
Shove your hypocritical wisdom up your arses, you lost your integrity when you refused to hear #GarlandNotGorsuch
If that were true, why didn't you give MERRICK GARLAND his hearing? #hypocrites
nice ideal but naïve in the times.  #BushVsGore, #CitizensUnited, Garland Nomination ... Judges should not be naïve
WOW u didn't say this about @POTUS44 nomination. But now u preach bipartisan when it's in @GOP favor. #doublestand
Now there's some very good homespun BS. The repugs are expert tat this, bigly.
So why didn't U give Garland a hearing?  Hypocrisy from my @GOP Atleast try to be honest.Embarrassing Tweet.
@SenateDems words to live by. A judge should just follow letter of law & constitution. Not his personal belief.
what was wrong with Merrick Garland then?  And there's definitely conservative vs lib judges.  RBG vs Scalia.
Ehh, he seems pretty right-wingy to me. Ruling against a man having to decide between saving his own life or getting fired.
Wouldn't it be nice if the other judges knew this.
You just know the GOP staffer was giggling while having to type this tweet.
Really. What about Garland and your unlawful snub of the Constitution. Republicans will do anything for their cause
After 4 days of Circus hearings, he best be confirmed, most qualified I've seen
then why didn't you give President Obama's nominee a chance. You're liars!
Merrick Garland.
Gorsuch,now he spouts this;he sees things as they should be,not as they R;ref.Hawaii judge on Immigration ban.
that's how it should be but it is not
if thats true why are you pushing him so hard? Just when i think i like him i read your propaganda and rethink it.
you're right. Gorsuch's own record shows he's a Corporate Oligarchy Judge.
if only that were so.  Pray you set the example.
The hypocrisy of this tweet, taking into account what the Republicans did to Garland, is astounding.
Are there "so-called" judges?
.@SenateGOP @GorsuchFacts All people have biases, sometimes we are aware, sometimes not. GOP is deliberately choosing judge on party lines.
REALLY???!!!! Then why did you deny hearing on Merrick Garland?????  @GOP are a bunch of hypocrits
Do you really believe that? Every judge has bias. Be realistic.
which is why we have Justice Merrick Garland?
tell that to Merrick Garland.
if so, what kind of judge was Garland?
#MerrickGarland and a President under investigation by FBI. 

#PostponeGorsuch
well that's a crock. If there aren't republican judges, why are Republican Senators pushing this one?
- There are no red states, there are no blue states, just the United States of America -- Obama 2004
stolen seat, illegitimate potus
