The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct!
"The Senate has received 242 nominations but confirmed only 50 through June 30. Democrats are now the problem."
"Democrats aren’t using cloture to raise the level of debate or highlight unqualified nominees. They are using it to sabotage a Presidency."
Sabotaging your Comrade in the WH, until Muller can complete his work, is the duty of every liberty loving American.
You're standing with a traitor to the United States of America. We The People will not forget.

Shall we talk about the 100s of Obama Judge appointments the #GOP blocked, in addition to disgracefully blocking his SCOTUS nom? #hypocrisy
Obama Made Appointments During Recess All The time! Obstructing Trump.  Republicans  have names of appointments!  Obstructing Trump
Why, because a majority of @potus cabinet members are incompetent, inexperience, and ill prepared for the job. But, you are to focus on...
Tribal politics to make a intelligent decision in the best interest of our Nation...SHAME ON YOU!
If he'd stop putting Darth Vader in charge of the Ewoks maybe dems would be more amiable. #justsayin
Bad spin,Senator. He hadn't presented quality candidates & the ones he has r cronies &/or linked 2Russia. Ask your president 2do better 4US!
And that gives us chukie,mad max, Pelosi, Pocahontas bernie, to remind us of that they are doing it over and over again!
Traitor
Wait...doesn't the GOP own both houses? It does! Perhaps the problem is in your own ranks. Someone must have grown a conscience.
Remember remember always remember. #MerrickGarland
These must be some Super Dems to be a minority but running things.
I guess your mental illness has affected your memory. You must not recall 8 solid years of GOP obstruction under a real POTUS, Obama.
President Obama wasn't an illegitimate criminal traitor to the United States. No more confirmations until all this Russia bus is out in open
Obama wasn't under investigation for possible collusion and treason either sir. You will get more done when you get rid of him.
Let's review:  Of 564 key positions needing confirmation:
384-No nominee
4-Awaiting nom
130-Formally nom
46-Confirmed
You're beyond ridiculous. The is not the Dems fault. Be honest. 
384-No nominee
4-Awaiting nom
130-Formally nom
46-Confirmed
How many nominees has Don even bothered to put forward? Can't vote on non-existent noms when President is Tweeting all day.
And how many of the noms have their papers in order? Security clearance? Disclosed Russia meetings?
What a sad commentary on Libs. Full of hate & anger.
So very sad for the ppl. U know, the ones that the Dems are going to nd if they want bk in power.
Maybe they don't want Trump to confirm any more during the last year of his presidency.
YES!!!
That might be because Trump has left most seats empty. RIGHT?
Maybe you should actually get Trump to nominate someone.
GOP allowed voice vote bc Obama noms were qualified and didn't need extensive vetting. And you didn't even show up to the Devos hearing
that is because they are awful people with absolutely no qualifications that add to the swamp that you helped create
@realDonaldTrump Aren't Republicans in control Orin, or did you forget? Democrats control nothing.
You and 45 cannot confirm. Go away both of you.
Obama wouldn't have dared try to appoint such a bunch of cowering assholes as now inherit the IKEA cabinet! BestydeVoid? Pay to Play anyone?
Perhaps if the nominees were qualified it would be different.
Of course you & the Red Team, don't care about qualifications Just money/power
Doesn't it help to have nominations?  And a majority in Senate?  Oh wait...you have 1 of 2.
We need justice to be served on Hillary and others tied to Obama first involving Comey.
Has Trump nominated 292 people to fill positions?
The GOP set this tone and now it's up to them to make up and ask for forgiveness.
Perhaps it's time to get down to good old fashioned government where you reach across the aisle and negotiate for what's best.
How many votes does a nominee need?  And how many dems are there?  And how many senators total?  Huh. Soooo you're just a liar.  Got it.
Judge Merrick Garland!
That's what happens when *45 nominates crooks liars and thieves.   The American people won't stand for more crooks in positions of power.
Guys be loud and clear to the public.  They haves right to heat what is happening!
What the freaking freak? Slytherin, indeed.
Sen. Hatch says the Don Jr. emails are not "relevant" and "all this stuff about Trump's sons and daughter -- it's a bunch of bunk."
@realDonaldTrump 382 No nom., 6 waiting, 129  nominated, 47 confirmed; of the ones nom. how many like lunatic Mulvaney  pick better people
You're a saint, Senator Hatch
Do you remember Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland. Later.
Psssst! You have the majority
Please explain how the minority Dems are controlling the Senate?
And by contrast, Obama didn't propose persons openly hostile to the agency they would run! Pruitt, DeVos, Zinke, Price #utpol #TheResistance
You have a majority. Get it done
Trump is leaving these positions unfilled on purpose. Why don't you call him out on that instead of writing these misleading tweets?
Real Sorry, Orrin, but most of us are focused on the treasonous activities of this Administration. Wish you were. 
Retire.
Listen to your wife, RETIRE. You're not well. It appears you're losing all your facilities (shrug). You're also a TERRIBLE senator.
@realDonaldTrump the GOP needs to STOP being NICE!  Standup for us, WE elected @POTUS to make changes. We expect GOP to HELP!
Don't blame Democrats for the Trump team's inability to nominate people or even get people to work for his corrupt white house.
Forgetting all the SC judge nominee under Obama & all the federal being held up by republicans? U.S.moving to the far right is frightening
How did filling the Supreme Court go under Obama?  Oh that's right you ignored our country's laws then. #retire
"Perhaps" POTUS' nominees simply suck.  Check out head of EPA, Dept. of Interior, DOE for recent examples.
Obama nominated a Nobel laureate for energy, Trump nominated a guy who took a class called Meats. Not the same.
Why does Trump have less than half the nominations at this point than Obama did? Maybe he should get off the golf course & do his job. Sad!
Do you think it might have anything to do with TREASON BY TRUMP?  THAT HE IS PROFOUNDLY COMPROMISED BY RUSSIAN MONEY?  YA THINK???
Guess what? Trump is not Obama. Trump's nominees suck.
Yes. I guess this says something about this horrible trump person.
Seriously look who 45 has hired, he is destabilizing America from within Repbs should be ashamed of themselves, I voted Repbs, just not him.
You have a majority in both houses. You rammed through Gorsuch by changing rules. Trump is way behind in putting forward noms.
Merrick Garland.  You should have let his nomination have a hearing. But you didn't, and now you whine at the pay back?
1 thing I have learned over last 7 mos is DEMS play a LOT tougher than GOP. Must admit DEMS R real pros when it comes to hardball politics.
And for 7 years you blocked ever initiative that Obama proposed. You are, at best, a hypocrite.
I would like to see tapes of your aides whispering in your ear, "Say Nay"
quit scraping the bottom of the barrel for people that are intent on dismantling all work done by prior Republican and Democrat Presidents
This from the "man" who actively worked to help steal a Supreme Court seat.
This is beyond dumb. Rs control the Senate & no filibuster for noms. @POTUS also dilatory making noms.
The Dems had 60 in the Senate then, so they didn't need the GOP to "let" them do anything.
The dems are completely out of hand. They need to be voted out of office. #sickofit
@realDonaldTrump How many has the Administration managed to nominate? How quickly did they complete their paperwork?
Also: Merrick Garland. 
I do not want to ever hear ONE WORD from GOP about obstruction. Ever again.
Merrick Garland and all the other judicial nominees they refused to put up for vote.
@realDonaldTrump 
Obama nominated ppl qualified for positions. 
Obama elected w/o Russian assistance. 
Obama won pop vote.
Act like your in charge AH
Checks and balances is working!  Perhaps some qualified nominations? We've got plenty of incompetence in the WH already.
Just do it
Hmmm...notice a difference in the number of nominations?
He hasn't sent people to be nominated, and you know it. Shame on you.
Sour grapes
Cry me a river old man! Majority of Americans are smarter than you, we get @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP are sleeping with the enemy
Nominate better people
And what is his excuse for all other unfilled positions that require no votes at all?  Hatch is the OLDEST partisan obstructionist in DC.
We want a #FullRepeal of Obamacare.
Slow down, obstruct in defense.
Make progress like trudging through slime.
Ground game is awful
Offense,
Congressional Touchdowns take time.
Tables have turned Senator! Get used to it.
Because they are all not suitable for the positions! #RussianCollusion #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump #TrumpObstruction
"As her mother gave our country away"
Your leadership is deafening @senorrinhatch
Does the President even have 292 noms ready to vote on?
If Americans are smart, they won't vote for any senior politicians from either party in 2018. Americans be aware that nothing is happening.
I am remembering a certain U.S. Supreme Court nominee thing. You know what I'm talking about?
GOP has the majority  Nice try though.
Orrin, I expected a better historical perspective from you: Senate Dems had majority w/Indies 59:41; 7 yrs of obstruction by R's: Karma
I'm choking on the irony of this GOP complaining about obstruction. Glass houses, senator.
Put up better nominees instead of horseshit
At this point Senator Hatch you need to stop supporting WH and start protecting US.
have the Prez make some nominees brah
How hard did you fight to give Garland a hearing?
Obstruction begets obstruction, or is it just comeuppance?
Please investigate collusion.
Or, stop the pro forma sessions, call a real recess and let @realDonaldTrump recess appoint his people until you can catch up with him!
You have drawn a false equivalence, sir, and it sullied your reputation as a discerning thinker to do so.
They scaredy cats. Bullies. They are the real DEPLORABLES. People are truly finding out what these people stand for and who they really are.
Cancel August recess. Work long hours. Work weekends. Get your jobs done!! Make the Dems pay for obstructing!
So you're having a hard time at your town halls?
Is it your constituents complaining or the Democrats?
Who will vote for you... maybe.
Thanks to the @GOP, things are a bit different now given the questionable allegiance @POTUS has to the US. #TrumpRussia
Repeal the ACA.
Shows how useless a GOP majority is and how spineless a GOP minority is. At least the Dems fight! Do better GOP!
Your a looser Hatch. Reseat Hatch in 2018. Too old. We need hound blood in his seat.
@realDonaldTrump 
Need nominated people! Not crossing guards, or house sitters!
Trump and team are amateurs!
Respectfully sir, @realDonaldTrump should perhaps make some nominations. In addition, y'all hold House & Senate, so argument is invalid.
