Sir your/our country goes first before any alliance 2 party R present pouts. Pls take care of this country and its citizens
Fact: She donated to you in 2010 and 2014. Fact: ZERO pub education experience! Utah says NO!
I've done my homework; she is colossally unqualified. Do what is right and don't confirm
Her RNC check cashed..so she's perfect
You KNOW what the REAL truth is when it comes to DeVos.  Where is your conscience?
vote NO on DeVos! Listen to UT. #dotherightthing
BS Senator, you are fake news!
Your fellow Utahns voted against vouchers DeVos big proponent-ignoring your constituency
we did vote no! How can he represent us but not listen to us?! Shameful!
She's stupid with a lit of $$ trying to buy a cabinet job she is NOT qualified 4 #cronyism
& then you call people idiots, taking after the name-caller-in-chief STOP IT #shame on U Oren Hatch!
As a 20 yr educator in UT, I strongly oppose DeVos. Vouchers & privatization are not the answer. Stand with UT educators.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Please vote NO Devos. We met 47 years on a flight to/from Peace Corps assignment in Brazil

my children getting quality public education is not fake news. Michigan Charter School record not fake news.
Vote no on Devos or concede your next election if you even attempt to run again.
Don't use fake news troll when it comes to DeVos. Informed teachers across the land oppose her.
I wish your office had an answering machine with more storage... None of the educators I know in Utah support Devos.
ok let's do that - she is unqualified, does not support public schools. Not good enough for our kids
I lived in Michigan when DeVos helped destroy education there. It isn't fake news!
stop being false to your constituents!  The #darkmoney will fail and your voters are all that will save you.  Not #christian
Vote no or are you still ignoring our phone calls? #notarobocall
It's time to honor the opinion of your constituency!
Do not vote for Besty DeVos. Our students deserve better than her!!
If she's confirmed you're send a STRONG message to the people that cabinet positions R 4 sale
Can we agree it is always time to separate fact from fake-alt news?
anyone watching the hearings heard her incompetent answers No experience no clue!  GOP is a disaster
you are a self-righteous hypocrite.That's all. #resist #noDevos #NoSessions #noaltrightSCOTUS
You deleted this from Facebook. Are you going to delete it here too?
the fact is DeVos is a big Republican donor, & has no qualifications. hearings were on camera
REAL FACT: Article biased b/c DeVos is a Partner with @The74. You forgot to obtain a credible source
The fact is she's unqualified.
as a public school teacher I find her despicable and a cheat. Vouchers? Shame on u all.
If U have kids or grandkids, would U even allow them to be TAUGHT by one with no experience?
It's time you put politics aside and use reason. NO on DeVos. Listen to the voters.
fact is she is a plagiarizer....wake up
Teachable moment. An adult calling another adult an idiot Try to be a grownup. Embarrassing
you suck by proxy
Obviously you're buying into Trump's ridiculous claim about the "failing" NYT!Only failing is Trump!
SHE IS NOT QUALIFIED FOR THE JOB. SHE WANTS TO PRIVATIZE SCHOOLS, SO THAT IS NOT FAKE NEWS.
the simple fact of the matter is that she's unqualified; her contributions to the GOP are suspicious at best
I'm not concerned with DeVos based on a news article. I'm concerned bc of her conf hearing!
Here is a fact: Private schools don't take disabled students. IDEA law ensures choice.
I've supported you in several elections. Please now support us. I'm a public eductor in Ut. DeVos doesn't represent us.
.@SenOrrinHatch Your constituents overwhelmingly asked you to vote NO today & you basically gave us the middle finger. Thanks.
I can't believe the partisan BS on this one.  DeVos is unqualified and will hurt our kids
.@SenOrrinHatch @SenateGOP @SenAlexander @The74 Fact is she's a frigging loon who bought her appointment & wants to destroy public education
.@SenOrrinHatch She has no experience with public education and believes she can buy influence. What more do we need to know?
Fact is she's a GOP Donor whose goal is to destroy public educ. It's not Fake News just because u don't like it
what about her plagiarized answers to committee quest @SenateGOP @SenAlexander @The74
she is not qualified, she is a religious nut and we DON'T WANT HER.
Perhaps don't go on about fake news, then post an article from @The74? Some random source. Hmm?
"fake people" eyes, body language,
There was a time when I respected your voice,sadly you now convince me that term limits are critical
it's time to vote out all Republicans. Hypocrite. I hope your healthcare is revoked, oldie 
FACT: She's an idiot with no experience in public education. Family runs SCAMWAY.
.@SenOrrinHatch @SenateGOP @SenAlexander @The74 Have you watched the video of Ms. DeVos's hearing? Have you read her resume?
There was nothing fake about that abomination of a hearing performance. Totally unqualified.
the metrics by which our students are measured got considerably worse in MI with her leadership.
She isn't qualified.  This is a mistake.  Shame on you!
Please she bought her position - Vote NO!
As a long time UT GOP, I am ambarrassed by POTUS and ashamed of you. Do what is right-Vote NO
Fact: You've been avoiding us all day so you can pretend you didn't get msg. We will not be ignored.  #noDevos #NoBanNoWall
How unfortunate that this inexperienced woman could be put in charge. Please reconsider! American children deserve better!
, DeVos is only interested is dismantling Public Education, please vote no on her nomination, and support Utah's children!
My public school educ. taught me to check for bias when evaluating the legitimacy of a source, you must have missed that lesson @BYU .
bruh @The74 is paid for by DeVos you've got to be kidding. SMH. VOTE NO! Hoping my vote for you wasn't a waste.
no Senator Hatch. You don't listen to us. Why would we listen to you? Answer your phones!
Vote NO on @BetsyDeVos No experience or belief in public education! Very disappointing
I've been trying to call your local and D.C. offices and not able to get through. I'm a consituent. Vote NO on DeVos
please. I urge you to consider what your constituents want. DeVos is grossly incompetent when it comes to public education
I am a constituent. I find this terribly cynical. The DeVos Family Foundation is among this organization's donors. Vote no.
I've called your office 4 times and your voice mailbox is full. Say No to DeVos.
I watched hearing and appalled at her incompetency. I'm a parent, educator, worked in education private sector. Just say NO.
There is not a single 'yes' in the comments, your constituents want you to #DumpDevos.
And you chose to use a fake news site paid for by DeVos to argue your point? #resist
vote no! Your phone mailbox is full so I can't leave a message.No for her and NO for Sessions
I'm a constituent, parent, & educator Vote NO on DeVoss.
The fact is, we can't afford a person this incompetent in a post so important.
Like the FACT that her foundation owns this paper/the FACT she has no idea what she's doing
Shame on you for trying to trick people with bias links funded by DeVos herself. Disgusting.
do your job and vote NO, like thousands of your constituents have demanded.
your staff won't talk to people that come or set up meeting times. If staff reads these I see no people wanting so vote NO
Shame on you for ignoring your constituency! Your phone is either busy or your voicemail is full.
Listen to YOUR constituents for once...Do not vote to confirm epically unqualified Devos!
If I put my mom as a reference on my job application will you consider that as valid? This isn't a real review.
DeVos' experience is THE fake news. She never worked a day in education!
utahns care about our kids and their education! Vote no on DeVos! #utahvalue
37 years as a Senator show you're good at politics, but you are not an educator. Listen to us
every educator I know is horrified at her nomination! Vote no!
@MNSenateVictory  she doesn't know the difference between the basic measurements of teacher success! Incompetent! Do your job
http://www.jetmag.com/news/detroit-teen-betsy-devos-hearing/ … How about this Detroit student's opinion?
No on DeVos!! Children in Utah deserve better!!
.@SenOrrinHatch This is not a credible news source. Please consider listening to your constituents rather than mocking us with propaganda.
so siting a biased source and straw-manning the argument is credible? Stop ignoring your constituents! 84341
The only thing that is fake news about DeVos is claiming that she is qualified for this job.
I would like to see your tallies about DeVos. I don't know a single person in Utah who supports this. WE ARE NOT ROBOCALLS
Supporting DeVos by using article published by HER org @The74  Your constituents don't want DeVos! #StopDeVos #utpol
are you serious? Did you see her pathetic hearing? It was embarrassing.
I don't how else to get this through to you but LISTEN to your constituents and VOTE. NO.
Listen to the hearings. Unqualified. Vote NO. I am a Utah voter.
@SenMikeLee called several times today-Hatch office no answer UT LDS mom 84404 against DeVos
this is garbage, as are you
No on Devos. Maybe we'll listen if you provide facts from a source she doesn't bankroll.
.@SenOrrinHatch: Hapless, unqualified, anti-disabled students, and has big bucks invested in for-profit education companies. VOTE NO!
Main concern is not simply political disagreements. SHE HAS NO QUALIFICATIONS. Please listen!
"fact vs fake news" ?? Listen to yourself, what regurgitated crap you spew for you party. Disgusting corrupt Hatch
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!
I am a constituent. Please vote NO.
Not alternative facts: she blew her hearings; would fail by any standards she would impose
VOTE NO. The questions she couldn't answer were laws taught in Education 101. An uneducated Sec of Ed is unacceptable.
The 74 is founded by the DeVos family!  Can you see the conflict of interest here? CTR!
Please listen to your constituents who voted against vouchers and value public education.
I'm not listening to fake news!  Her own words from the hearings showed that she is not qualified for the job.
So few objective journalists left that most people don't know fake news from truth
I strongly oppose Betsy DeVos. She is wholly unqualified. Her hearing was a disaster. Vote NO
That moment when @SenOrrinHatch (DeVos $$ recipient) references @The74 (DeVos $$ recipient) in support of #DeVos nomination
You legacy will be your failure to protect public education.  Utah will not forget that you ignored our calls. #noDevos
she's so unqualified the fact that you are backing her shows you're a lunatic
it's time you start listening to your constituents rather than the coins in Betsy's purse
You're using an article from a source that is funded by Dick & Betsy DeVos Family Foundation.
Betsy De Vos is vastly UnQualified. Sessions is 2Radical 2B AG. Please Vote Against Both. Utah's Ed. & diversity At Stake.
biased site, partnered with #devosfamilyfoundation #NotoDeVos
Please vote no to DeVos. She's uninformed and can't say no to guns in schools. #badinterview @SenOrrinHatch @SenateGOP @SenAlexander
Please vote no on Devos. Wasatch Co schools are awesome she will hurt us.
Isn't @The74 funded / founded / chaired primarily by charter school advocates? And you call the @nytimes fake news?
The 74 is funded by the Devos foundation. Isn't that convenient
Yeah I just saw a link to their supporter page. Oops. Circular money> power> money> votes>
#WEARENOTROBOCALLS! No to Betsy Devos!
Betsy DeVos has NO experience in public schools. It's a clear payback to her contributions. VOTE NO!
I read her letter. She doesn't understand the needs of disabled children. I have 3 of them. Vote no
- Please!!! No to Betsy Devos and ask for a more qualified candidate- We can do better!!
I am a Utah resident and I strongly oppose DeVos, there are much better options
DeVos is unqualified for this post. I am a constituent. Your offices are not answering calls and voicemail is full.
DeVos is not an educator, has ZERO experience, and is anti-public school. Vote NO. #DumpDevos
Devos is bad for schools, bad for kids, bad for UT and for America. Vote no.
No one believes anything you say, senator. Too much history there.
Might it be possible for a SENATOR to post only evidence-based and trusted sources? #utpol
Nope.
Fact: she couldn't answer questions during confirmation
@ManhattanInst @SenateGOP @SenAlexander @The74 fact public education sucks
And here I thought your constituents were for public education, not vouchers and charter schools. SAD
Supporting devos is the same as putting a for sale sign on your chest. She is wildly unqualified.
Or did you mean a "sold" sign?
She's one of the most egregious examples of pay to play EVER. Is that fake news?
Twist the data all you want, she's still wildly unqualified and has bought y'alls votes.
I hope Mrs.Devos gets appointed. We need real change in our schools, but most of all every child deserves a great education!
Did you listen to the students from Detroit? They are far from happy #VoteNoDevos
The real news is that she donated 200 million to GOP, failed Detroit, has no background in educating and American people see through her.
Supporting DeVos sends a clear message that you are anti-public ed Vote no on DeVos
You have the gall to call NYT “alternative” when you quote the Manhattan Institute. Please get real
Fact, more children attend public than alternate schools.  Need someone who has them at heart
Please do not vote to confirm her!
