Spotted: Ted Cruz in Nikes and a suit.
Looking at the replies, this has to be the record for most people to ever pretend something was funny. Who uses basketball as a verb? Dork.
Any attempt to clown deadspin is funny, especially in a situation where they looked as bad as this.
But they didn’t. That’s why this is so lame. Cruz responded with a two-year-old meme that lames thought he came up with.
It was 6 months ago, and are you so petty you cant admit a passing joke was even slightly humorous because you disagree politically? Grow up
No, guy. If something is funny it’s funny. Cruz’s impressions are actually funny. This is a case of people pretending something is funny.
Like I’m really going to read a tweet from @Farmhand82.
You... just did because you responded.
lyin' ted you cucked out and will never be president, ever #MAGA hope when you play basketball they "pass the ball" with their conscious
Only idiots voted for Drumpf, he has done nothing but give us entertainment, better known as a clown show! Duh!
Great. You are not worried about food and health insurance.  Your speech stays in the real cloud. Buy insurance across stateline. Money?


You have time to get snappy on Twitter but don't have time to hold a townhall. That's the real comedy.
SISTER PLEASE!  I guess, this didn't happen: http://www.dentonrc.com/news/state/2017/07/10/town-hall-meetings-texas-senator-cruz-rallies-conservative-base …  or this:
If you're going to snap back, then show otherwise. That's not a public townhall. that's a paid sponsorship event by a political group.
It didn't stop hecklers from getting schooled.  Or maybe you think those tools were plants.
u already made yourself look silly by responding back to Cruz not holding any towhalls by... showing Cruz not holding any townhalls. scram.
I'm sorry,  who died and made you twitterqueen?
Cruz going to toss ball through a "basketball ring."
Atta Boy Ted!
You could take a #selfie, senator.  You are not 150 years old.
Spotted:  Over 100,00 American Veterans who died waiting to see a doctor or be admitted for treatment while TrusTed to Lie @tedcruz did NADA

Were you going to put some roundball in the basket ring, like James Naismith back before the lower income types took the game over?
Don't make fun of this dolts fashion choices! He is just like @realDonaldTrump and that rediclious hair.. they don't know any better
Ridiculous*
Spell check tricked me
People in Texas are looking for there Sentor to start working
Their* Senator*
Thank you for correcting my bad Texas grammar
I feel like Cruz is that abnoxious player who stands in the baseline corner, gives the double clap, and shouts "ball, ball!" all game long.
Obnoxious*
OMG! Ted Cruz is a BAMF!
Here's a reminder for @Deadspin Cruz :)
I prefer this image of him

You guys - according to @TeenVogue I'm racist for using this gif. #digitalblackface
@caitlinnowens TED CRUZ DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT 2020 , YOU R DONE " TRAITOR "
Traitor to who? You must be a #TrumpDavidian !!!
Come hoop with us anytime you are in Plano/ Denton.
Speaking of basketball, any thoughts on how Chris Paul will do with the Rockets, Senator?
Nice , I'd have went Adidas though!
Did you get it through the basketball ring?
...... righteous comeback bro
Basketball? I'll bet you're lying. Snap a picture? Of you? No, I don't think so.
Based on your vote to Russia sanction bill. You are a fake conservative and is a speculator like other RINO. I won't support you anymore
Most folks don't know, but "Ted Cruz" is an anagram for "Jim Jones."
You kinda LOOK like a basketball...

Still owning @Deadspin
You have never played basketball in your life.
"Let's cajole and make mirth with one another WHILE being evil! We really can have it all!"
Ted help our President

BUT WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO HELP POTUS PUT THROUGH HIS AGENDA?
ARE U WORKING FOR HEATHCARE OR TAX REFORM? FIGHTING FOR AMERICANS?
I'm glad that the fake news is finally getting push back! They have been bullies for far too long. With no one standing up to them!
Need to get yourself a pair of Cole Haan ØriginalGrand Wingtip Oxfords. https://www.colehaan.com/mens-originalgrand-wingtip-oxford-black-white/C20775.html …
LMFAO!!!!
Just don't get a selfie stick.
Kidding or not, l won't even look her up to see who the heck she is or how she writes, is it bigoted to say she tweets like a "reporter"?
And *this* is why Sen. Cruz should have been President.
yesterday was a Jewish holiday and leather shoes are prohibited to wear
I rock these Chucks and cat socks w/ a suit #HaveGuitarWillTravel
Found a great photo of Ted Cruz Dunking the Rock against Deadspin.
Did you jam on the ring?
Love Ted, very smart and a fighter.
Ted sometimes it is good to see you out of box
Sen. Cruz, WHAT did you say to Deadspin?  They came home, went right to their room, and have been crying ever since.
Do you think you would be able to shoot the ball over the wall? Oh wait, that wall is never going to be built. @gop @GOPLeader
Please Hammer, don't hurt 'em.
Just try to represent interests in your state beyond right wing blather, could you?
@deadspin needs to pack a lunch
Do you even play, bro? (Hyperbole)
@spearsif
LOL, did you use old school method wearing your gym shorts under your pants on gym days.


Deadspin has been too busy staring at their Obama posters.

#BetoForTexas #BetoForSenate #Beto2018 #TurnTexasBlue #boogergate
Business casual? Hope you enjoyed the hoops !
Boom!
@jmartNYT @Deadspin @caitlinnowens Cruz is that guy who calls a foul on every shot. #LyinTed
Yo @Deadspin ...Can I get y'all a shovel because @tedcruz has smooth buried y'all.
Shut up Ted got my crib some fish

@jdspencer96 lol
puts the bible up high!!!!! then puts it down and he lies
Who THe Fuck is Tedcruz
HAHA! Owned again!
Did you also have your knee-high socks on?
As much as I detest you, and much of what you stand for, you do have your moments


Did you put the ball in the basketball ring?
@caitlinnowens
A guy goes to Washington and takes on the establishment and does what he promised... then idiots lambaste him for not getting along. WTF?

Ted be ballen yo
Can you move to NY and be my Senator?  My treat for basketball court time!
@tedcruz @Deadspin should feature you on their #WhyTheySuck US Senate edition. I feel bad for Texas voters and your fellow senators
Be careful!!!!! Many vampires accidentally come out during a solar eclipse. Don't let that happen to you!!!!!
Why don't you stand up for @POTUS against Mueller's witch hunt?
Didn't realize Basketball was big in Cuba or Canada.
#ballislife
someone finally told a good joke and is now just going to keep telling it for the rest of his life
Every team has that opponent they cannot beat. @tedcruz is that opponent for @Deadspin
Sick of establishment republicans
Give us your best Anthony Weiner impression
This is example 1,227: why I will always love @tedcruz

Lmao

I think they meant to send this to #graysonallen
Ted Lose
Awesome
Was he wearing socks?
Ted can dunk!
KILLER ELLIPSE BRO

One needs good shoes to constantly hop between sides and run away from reality
Please provide twitter lessons to @realDonaldTrump
Stylin
My dude's on his way to #dump the rock in the ol' basketball ring
For those who never wore cowboy boots, the gym probably doesn't have a boot jack.  Look it up...educate yourself on real America

I'm sure you played great
#AlternativeFacts
Gonna throw a ball thru a basketball ring - Lyin' Ted sport speak
That's what you call 'Merican. Works his 
Ass of all day and makes time to play ball.  'MERICA!
Yo @ashleyfeinberg you see this? Owned again damn

whomever is helping run your social media deserves a raise.

nicely done! :)

Wowww. Yessss. Slayyyy. This is what I pay for!!! That. Just. Happened. You sir won the internet!1! So L337!
A picture exists. Please credit me
One of the writers at Deadspin went all Gomer Pyle over this, huh?
Yeah. He got called out by an MMA fighter who's also Special Forces. @timmarchman couldn't hide fast enough from @TimKennedyMMA.
What was lame was $100K would have gone to charity. That's the kind of thing you take the abuse for!
I dont like you Ted Cruz, I think you are a FAKE religous person. But this reply was funny
roast them my boy!
Why are you not like this in front of the cameras? Come on, man .
@Deadspin needs to delete it's account. @tedcruz putting them in a body bag once again!
 well played Senator Cruz!  Deadspin just got served  Again oh Lordy my sides hurt 

Ted Cruz 24, Deadspin 0
@tedcruz what's the best part of your ball game? I'd spot you 9pts and beat you in a game to 21. #ballislife #allheart

Play hard and fair!  Recipe for life.
Heard some dope dissed your wife and father and you were a wussy.  Let the demented man do it then you kissed his butt.   Weak !
Whoa. Was that shade?

Did you win? #AirTed

Speaking of basketball #BetOnBeto
Laughs!!!

Count to 10 @Deadspin

@SenTedCruz, if you're not the one actually tweeting on your account, you DEFINITELY owe a nice dinner to whoever is!
Does Sen Cruz wear Nikes to watch basketball? Trying to imagine who voluntarily plays with him in this town... 
Senator, when playing pickup, do you find yourself calling foul when you get hand-checked?  Or do teammates not even pass u the ball?
Oh Lordy! Lying ted strikes again!
Ted Cruz to Deadspin... again
I thought @caitlinnowens would be out of job by now since #Deadspin broke? Oh well. U Making fun of them, it'll be sooner rather than later

You were playing basketball? Did you ever get it in the ring?
I was going with john kerry
How low can Caitlin go! Reporting!
Aim for the basketball ring and you will win succeed!
Ted Cruz definitely plays in short shorts and white socks up to his knees
pity you were'nt at work for Texas and America , seen #TrumpTreason Tweets  this morning ? any comment ? #complicit @txlege @TXDemWomen
Great, hope you got a few jams in (Air-Cruz!), and also stuffed a few Obama shots, LoL !!
Go Team Cruz :-)

Omg bye @Deadspin
#FreeLiuXia
Zing!!!
I will pay any amount of money to see teddy on a basketball court
When is Trump going to sign the Russia sanctions bill? Will you snap a photo when he does?
Did theybcheck the print on those nikes? #Zodiac
absolutely nothing more baffling on the internet than the cruz stans who think any basketball reference is some kind of 'own' on deadspin.
Nice
mr senator cruz, it is a great honour to serve by your side on this site and to kiss your ass
Try to keep your elbows down.
I'll give Ted Cruz this, he always got one in the clip
All kidding aside, I bet Ted has a pretty decent jump shot. Defense may be a question, though.
my man Cruz wth a huge burn! Nice!
@tedcruz, you should consider publishing the introduction of your book ("Mendacity") in PDF. It encapsulates the current situation perfectly
Go to work and don't forget what you did at the RNC. You blew it.

Why couldn't this be my senator?
DAMN SON


@RepBetoORourke dresses better, even for climbing the Franklin Mountains. Knows appropriate gear and doesn't make people wince when viewed.

Dunk that Basketball Ring Ted!

Lmao
Senator I would like to extend to you a standing invitation to play pickup should your travels ever take you to the greater Seattle area
If you don't have shoes on you that's cool, I have an extra pair and will happily hook you up
Awfully presumptuous, Jay.  How do you know you have shoes that will fit Sen. Cruz's gout-riddled, swollen, pre-diabetes hocks?
Must have been runny away from his constituents
Bet you think you can do that better than Obama, too.
Would love to see that game.
