@SenatorCollins needs to be replaced. Her NO NO NO…with no solution is #BS
Since McConnell and McCain won't advance the ball, I'm guessing they're waiting to unveil #McCare.
Collins should change he party affiliation to (D).
Kudos to them for standing tall and supporting their constituents against this @realDonaldTrump and his three ring circus of an admin.
@SenatorCollins is a dem pretending to be a rep....
Repeal repeal repeal repeal
@senorrinhatch @townhallcom Congress works for American ppl!Should be representing us, not voting party!
What is her problem what is her mission or better question, what does she want for her vote
Why doesn't she go to the other side . She thinks we should fund planned parenthood!
The 62 million people that voted for Trump are being held hostage by 52 Senators looking for their pork.
Majority of taxpayers, including a healthy chunk of Trump voters who didn't actually realize ACA + Obamacare were same, oppose repeal.
@senorrinhatch it's not acceptable for GOP senators to work in the interest of their constituents? #CountryOverParty #downthehatch
These obstructionists need to be remembered at election tome. They owe the it lives to the lobbyists not the PEOPLE! Time for change in Cong
Not acceptable is an understatement. Republicans (me), have had 8+ years to come up with a SOLUTION.Those voting NO are part of the problem
Rand Paul is right, others are left##
He doesn't belong in Congress. Go back to the community organizing where you don't need to Govern
.@GOP remember #TheDeplorables voted for @realDonaldTrump NOT you!
It is a shame you're working against OUR @POTUS & you will lose!
No one has to work against him, his wounds are all self inflicted. @realDonaldTrump is a + Ringmaster to a 3 ring circus admin in the WH.
Vote this democrat in false clothing out of office and replace her with a real GOP senator.
@RandPaul n @SenJohnMcCain are actual Democrats
All Schumer wants to do is push the blame of this disastrous Obamacare on to Republicans which in it self is a JOKE like Schumer is!
'Gang of Eight' ring a bell?  RINOs are worse than Democrats
Excellent article, Guy. What a massive failure on the part of those who call themselves Republicans. Absolutely embarrassing.
The party of stupid in action.
Or, you say in linked piece, to block debate and amendments. What version of the Constitution are you reading? The Lenin or the Mao?
Not every GOP Senator is a member of the GOP
Separate insurance from wellfare
You have no idea what you are doing
What is wrong with the Republicans Senators? Why are they choking?
As republicans, wasn't our problem w/ Obamacare that it was done in secret behind closed doors? Shouldn't we want a vigorous public debate?
As I recall it seems to me some part of obama care was rushed through to get Ted Kennedys vote before he died.
She's representing the interests of her constituents.
In 2017, when some spin collusion w/hostile foreign power to be "just politics," actually representing one's constituents is revolutionary.
It is heroic when the bill is garbage by all analysis. Shame on GOP for creating it in secret and trying to bully it through to hurt people.
Sure, it is. What's unacceptable is elected servants on taxpayer dime voting against wishes of said taxpayers to take away basic care.
Clean repeal for ACA or would should actually start hunting RINO's in the beltway
I really can't stand Susan Collins. Is this really the best we can do Maine?
...just Supreme Court noms...got it
You're funny.
RINO's - not replublicans.  Voters- remember
It is if they want to keep their seat in congress
#Trump #MAGA @SenateGOP 

Stop the @GOP grandstanding. #Repeal #ObamaCare now. Stop trying to repair a broken law. #repair from clean slate.
Wait, suddenly open debate is a good thing? Where were you the entire time this bill was prepared behind closed doors?
Yes it is; UF THRY HAVE A CONSCIENCE. Every GOP senator who claims to have one should.
Good bye @SenatorCollins ,hope you have a backup career plan...
Misspelled Repeal. Period.
Susan Collins is not a GOP senator (wolf in sheep's clothing)
Sickens me
Maine: Dirigo
No, it's acceptable if not necessary. GOP needs to to use power to fix and strengthen #ObamaCare . The GOP has no plan.
You can run primary challenges against them all. Real expensive ones with lots of TV sound bites of how awful 1 GOPer thinks the other is. 
These bastards have to be kicked out!!! Rotten traitors!!
Unless they want this to be their last term in office. @GOP @SenateGOP - you have had 7 years to fix this mess
The GOP's Obamacare scam worked to perfection. You guys won all three branches, based on bullshit. Go ahead. Celebrate!
If @GOP votes for this garbage then Republican's own it & it will never get repealed. We didn't vote them in for Obamacare Lite. #FullRepeal
Really? Dimms didn't allow the (R) to have input on The ACA.Dimms stole 1/6 of the U S economy with Obamacare without 1 (R) vote.#Hypocrites
@hughhewitt @townhallcom Why Guy?  Republicans, all good people  vote with their conscience and not a crowd mentality.
@senorrinhatch @townhallcom I guess they didn't listen to you
I haven't thought of Collins as a Republican for eons.
The VAST majority of Republicans wanted Obamacare in place so much that Chief Justice Roberts REDEFINED IT IN ORDER TO SAVE IT!!
It is when you have a shit bill.
This is inaccurate.
.@guypbenson it totally is, if the replacement is horseshit.  "Not Obamacare" isn't a good enough reason to support it.
What's unacceptable is having nothing better than this bill to present after 7 years. It's trash. Throw it out and try harder.
You mad, Hatch??
When most of the GOP are Democrats it is.
@senorrinhatch @townhallcom 
Party over doing what constituents want??
What is up in @gop these days?
Reagan took walls down!
It's appropriate they do what's right for their constituents, not your shitty evil party
Lol. U said tutu
Because they KNOW if there is a roll call vote - a NO means a short political career in the GOP! They promised people to get elected!
Bullsh*t.  They are putting their constituents health, welfare, and well-being first. Anyone who doesn't do that is unacceptable.
Who the hell are you to tell anyone that their vote is not acceptable?

My colleague @JerryMoran and I will not support the MTP to this version of BCRA #HealthcareBill
Except it's pretty much still Obamacare. The fault is with liberal Republicans who insist on having the federal government play Santa Claus.
Each one should be primaried and voted out of office next year, if possible.
I agree.
Ya it is. This is a bill that is horrible for Americans
Why does her State keep electing her.
@guypbenson Susan Collins and Rand Paul must Go.  We have to find candidates to run against them in the up coming elections and defeat them.
Are Senators elected as representatives or partisans? My guess is representatives by voters, though funded as partisans. Block away.
Susan Collins is disgusting for aligning with the likes of C Schumer.
These RINOS are allowed to flourish with Mitch McConnell in charge. He has no problem attacking the Conservatives.
I hope the constituents of these senators pay attention when they're up for reelection. Vote in true conservatives who will do the hard work
.. I might agree "if" they were actually 'replacing' OCare. This is a sham of a REPEAL & not even a replace.
Wahhh wahhhh u f cultist
#ObamaCare is the #Dems mess. Let it implode as is. Change #regulation where u can. @GOP Do Not put your name to ANYTHING BUT REPEAL
@POTUS
Even a complete Moron like Collins! Clowns like this live to F-Up everything!
can they vote no?  it's crap
Gawd, I'm so sick of this political Bullshit!
Just take a damn vote and be done with it.
These ppl could make ordering lunch take a month!
This is why Trump's crew is working to replace some GOP senators. Vote up or down, either way, but VOTE.
#SelfIdolized #SUSANCOLLINS #BLOCKING #TALKINGABOUT #HCBILL. .#whatagal!
Have you ever been to the rural parts of Maine? How can she vote for a bill that will hurt her constituents? She's doing her job.
No, not acceptable
Maybe they should have planned ahead
I ordered a nonfat latte, and they gave 1 that wasn't nonfat. So they took 15% and replaced that with nonfat. Now I have a nonfat latte? NO!
Susan Collins is a Republican in name only...
Blocking debate, this should not be. To that point she is wrong.
I would agree if that were the case, this is not a repeal and replace by a long shot. This is a small rewrite, big bailout. I'd vote no also
WTH - Abdication of their duty to at least vote to allow debate ?!?!  There is a flaw in her logic as well as Rand Paul.
Which means there probably is no real bipartisan means to save Obamacare bc Schumer will want a bill that will never get 13 R votes
Well, according to you.  The rule is there for a reason, particularly not to waste time on a law that will hurt millions of people.
Idiots like Collins want to force a bipartisan bill to save Obamacare but that won't be done under reconciliation &will never get 13 R votes
It's not acceptable for a #journalist to repeat a word twice in (TO)a tweet if he/she is to b taken seriously! 
Senator Nelson comments today are undoubtedly the most ignorant comments ever. Does he realize the house and Senate HC bill is Obamacare
Correct Guy. Too bad we have so many cowards in the Stupid Party. They simply do not want to give voters what they voted for.
Here in Fla Sen Nelson says that the house and Sen HC no difference and many will lose big time. Hell it's Obama Care. Fricking idiot repel
She's not a Republicain, she's a Democrat
I will do whatever I can to defeat Collins in next election
Take off your partisan hat for a half a second. This bill is absolute garbage. Doesn't solve any of the problems with Obamacare.
Why is it unacceptable for a senator to vote his or her conscience?
Voting "yes" on mtp unacceptable. This bill doesn't repeal or replace Obamacare. It retains Obamacare & will ensure the collapse continues.
What does that say about the replacement tho?
I don't consider them Republicans.
We need to start a new party!!! R and D are broken! More than ever we need these ppl to listen to the ppl that voted them into office! 
McConnell blocked vote for SC  justice so set the precedent for his party to do it. Not right though. Shld be full debate for ALL senators
Why doesn't Collins become a Democrat and make it official.?She is not a Republican. GOP will pick up seats in IN, MO, MT don't need her.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP REPUBLICANS are COWARDS! I'm sick of it!
While I agree with this sentiment, Guy would have more credibility had he not voted 4 Hillary. How wld repeal have happened if she had won?
Forcing people to buy things they may not need is HUGELY unconstitutionally WRONG
Don't understand how she can be called a republican?
They should vote for what's best for their state and not simply because of party. That's ridiculous!
Yes it is. They need to pass a replacement simultaneously or nothing.
-->Bill Nye Gets Emmy Nod For Song In Un-Scientific 'Sexual Spectrum' Episode
Of course it's acceptable...if the bill is trash
They will pay!!!
of course it is - rational senators interested in keeping jobs- party is bankrupt, on life support- in denial about who they represent
Please publish who they are! The voters need to know!
She is a RINO.
The title is misleading.  It says "Republican Senators" and shows a picture of @SenatorCollins.
Why?
Guy, I am in complete agreement with you. Thanks for pointing out the obvious.
Even if they are trying to do the right thing for their constituents?
GET RID OF THE FILIBUSTER Collins, MCCAIN, GRAHAM, and the rest of these PRETEND conservatives!!
Except @SenatorCollins isnt REALLY a Repulican so...
They are representing their constituents douchebag
She only caucuses with the GOP, she mostly votes with the Democrats.
She's not a Republican - she runs as one in Maine because that's the only way she could win a seat - Remember she was one of the 5 
They promised repeal. This isn't repeal. @RandPaul et al are the only ones keeping their promise by not voting for this piece of garbage.
Stronger Presidential Leadership & Backing might make skittish GOP Senators do what's best for the country (besides re-election).
@GOP called asking me to send $$no more money until they fall in line, get some bills passed, enough of the BS with the senate @SenateMajLdr
Not long before there are 2 Independent Senators from Maine.
@SenatorCollins is a straight up LIAR. She's on video tape 'Obamacare must be repealed.' Now the time's come & she's backing Schumer? OUT
@irritatedwoman  it is acceptable to block another piece of crap. Congress is protecting the swamp.
RINO
when did she become a republican?
party over country, am I right?
How does Collins get away with calling herself a republican?
But it is for a party to block Supreme Court justice?  Hypocrisy is strong with GOP. Get a grip
Just following the Biden rule on that one. Look it up
Hey @hughhewitt Guy is awake!
This guy is a #NeverTrump
Vote against is fine but don't block the vote.
bipartisanship is unacceptable

Hey, it's unacceptable that any GOP Senator vote FOR the #BCRA -- tax break for 1% that makes health care WORSE for everyone else.
Doing away with tax passed by Dems does not a " tax break" make . Love when lefties raise taxes & then when eliminated, call it a tax break
if you lower taxes its a tax cut, or a tax break. when or who passed the tax doesn’t matter. You're using doublespeak.
Only a leftist would think that allowing a person to keep more of their own money that they've worked hard for is a tax break
people who are taxed by the #ACA are wealthy, who only work as hard as they want to & mainly earn interest & capital gains.
Actually, I'm one of those people, I own small business, & work my ass off. No interest, no cap gains, & NOT rich. One of big myths of left
Just wish they'd stop trying to Federalize state's business. They need to Repeal ACA, Medicare & Medicaid and set minimum standards 4 States
Not a parliamentary system so, uh, yeah it is.
It is not a repeal bill.
Her behavior has become worrisome; when is she up for reelection?  As a taxpayer, she needs to stand for what Repubs voted for
Disagree. This tribal mentality shit is the problem. All the bills they've produced have been garbage, why would this one be any different?
@chairwomansusan is doing the ONLY ACCEPTABLE thing while you are not. SHAME SHAME SHAME
Heh, yeah don't vote your conscience or for your constituents.  VOTE PARTY!  Because, you know, why vote democratically?  Use group think.
Do you think Dems vote for their constituents?  Sad if you do! None of them vote for us, they vote party only!
Colleen, I request you pull up the voting records for the last twenty years and show me that all the votes were party line.  #bullshit
The American people DO NOT matter to these assjacks, only their re-election campaigns matter.
People are asked to vote in lock step in totalitarian regimes, not here.
This has everything to do with replacing Medicaid under the corrupt and secretive guise of replacing Obamacare. No hearings, no vote!
Too bad.
Why?  She's a Mainer first and a Republican somewhere after first.
It's not acceptable to conspire with an enemy state, but here we are.
No vote is a vote for plummeting, idiotic, soon to be extinct Obamacare.
Agree
Waiting for the Article: It's not acceptable the GOP spent 8 years claiming to have a better plan, when in reality they did not.
They're all stalling on everything in hopes the president will be impeached. Deep state is real & must be abolished, get them out of office
I think they should shut up and vote. And if there don't "appear to be enough votes", they should vote all the same, not pull from docket.
That would make sense if that's what the bill did.
Like @KatTimpf said last week, the GOP is center left now.  None of this stuff surprises me anymore.
Albert J. Nock's Remnant is where it's at for conservatives. #StartingOver
Stuttering bumbling Susan Collins....t t t today junior!
Only if they are really Republicans
She's insured.
