
RIP Brother in Arms

Another young man off to oblivion and a mom/dad heartbroken. Love to them!
Rest in peace SSG Butler. 
RIP SSG Aaron Butler.
Thanks Jake for always remembering those who gave all. 
Bless you Aaron and your family
My heart goes out to the family of SSG Butler.  Thank you for your courage and service.  RIP Aaron.
Nangarhar supposed to be pretty, but war destroyed it over 30 years. Dangerous now
TY Jake for your recognition of US Fallen Heroes, world notices.  World also notices US WH doesn`t give a rats behind.

@DylanHunt2017 RIP SSG Butler. The country can never repay your sacrifice and will be forever grateful.

RIP
Trump who longs for war, never pays the price. 
Rest in Peace, Honor and Pride
4 time Utah StTe Wrestling Champ.  God Speed!
Please pass on my Love, prayers & gratitude for SSG Aaron Butler's service & to his frends & family.
So sorry to hear of the loss of another service member. Heart sick. Thank you for offering yourself for us all. We'll try to earn it.
RIP. 
RIP Soldier.
So sad God Bless
This. Does not even enter trumps brain, he has no time for dead patriots. 45 is a disgrace
#godresthissoul
RIP, young man.
stop war, cherish young life! 
What are we doing there?  Is it worth the cost in blood and treasure?  What is our end game?  Because I don't know.
Thank you Jake for posting these.   RIP Hero
De Oppresso Liber
RIP. Condolences.
God bless him and his family!!!
RIP  brother
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE AND THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE YOU MADE. PRAYERS FOR YOU AND YOURS GOD BLESS RIP
"Now cracks a noble heart. Good-night, sweet prince: and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest!"-Hamlet 5.2.349-50
RIP    see you on the other side
RIP
God bless
@jaketapper Thank you for sharing this. Also your exceptional work as a journalist gives me doses of hope+optimism in these very dark days.
Plz   Tapper has done his best to get us into war w Russia. I'm not sure why anyone would think his veteran tributes are sincere.
RIP. THANK YOU
From one Utahn to another, thank you for your sacrifice, brother.

RIP
To family of SSG Aaron Butler, thank you for your ultimate sacrifice. Our country is forever grateful. His watch has ended. RIP
Rest in Honor, hero.
 Heartfelt gratitude for his sacrifice, and my deepest condolences to his family.
At the going down of the sun and in the morning we will remember.
RIP, More of a hero, than all of Trump's family combined. .
Oh no. My prayers and thoughts are with his family.
Not one word from his CIC. Shameful. Thank you for your service &  sacrifice from the daughter of a WWII Marine Raider, 1st Marine Div.
RIP Sir. Thank you for your service and sacrifice. Your family and friends are in my prayers.
Sooo young! Our hearts are with his family!
Home of the free, because of the brave. RIP SSG Butler. 
@sirDukeDevin Prayers to his family

I also reside in Utah 
Never forget our Utah boys serving
Never forget !
RIP. Your service will never be forgotten.
Thank you for your service. R.I.P.
Thank you, Jack, for not letting our soldiers die in the silence of indifference.
Rest  in peace Sir.Thank you for your service !

RIP useless war wasted a good mans life.
Respect 


Condolences to family and friends
RIP handsome
Sgt RIP, I'm sure the Angels came to greet you. You're a warrior, a hero, fighting evil for us all, condolences to family & all who love you
Hero
Rest in Peace, SSG Butler. Thank you for your service. Prayers for your family and loved ones.
Thank you Jake for doing this.
RIP
RIP
:'(
Stop trying to pretend to be patriotic by using the names and photos of fallen heroes. You disgust me.
God bless
Rest in Paradise brother. You are forever remembered for your sacrifice
Even though Aaron was always shorter and younger than me, I always looked up to him.
RIP and thank you and your family for your service.
RIP SSG Aaron Butler.
how many is that now under tRump
Thank you for your service. May you rest in peace. HERO!
RIP young man. #NoMoreWar
RIP Sir.  God speed.
Thank you Jake
Condolences to the family as another bright light is gone to quickly. RIP brave warrior.
Who left him in there for 8 yrs. #Jake the #snake?
RIP
@LouiseMensch RIP hero

Rest in peace soldier. Prayers to your family
Sad day for families.thank you for your service to protect.
RIP 
Thank you sir RIP 
My heart goes out to this #Patriots family and friends. May he RIP & I'm grateful for his service to our country. 
Condolences to the parents of this brave young man! We owe him our freedom and honor him.
RIP Ssg. Butler
Thank you for your service. RIP
He was eleven years old when the war started.
RIP SSGT Butler! We honor your bravery and service.  Another hero standing watch in the the hereafter.
With honor R.I.P
RIP 
God bless his service and prayers for the family
RIP SSgt. Butler 07
Thank you Jake for providing the things important to the Patruots of this country. SSG Aaron Butler may you rest in peace prayers for family
Patriot
Has the Nazi-enabler @realDonaldTrump said a word about this?
Godspeed, Aaron Butler. Rest in peace, and thank you for your service and sacrifice. 
Special forces patriot. RIP soldier. Thank you for your service to our country. 
RIP
RIP! Prayers for the Sgt.'s family
RIP
BLESS THIS MAN. HE IS A HERO, AND WE SHOULD ALL GIVE HIM ONE MINUTE OF SILENCE.
Thanks Jake.
This evening Hatch spoke to the parents of Aaron Butler, a Utahn who was killed in Afghanistan yesterday. #utpol 
May God bless him & his family
Thank you Sir, for your ultimate sacrifice for America.
Much respect for a hero's sacrifice. A grateful nation honors you. RIP SSG Butler. God speed.
I wish our President could be bothered to mention this, considering the amount of time he spends on Twitter
RIP SSG Butler - thank you for your service
RIP
they must not be forgotten
Thank you...
Thank tou
Too young.  God, help his loved ones.  RIP, Aaron.
we lost a tough guy, check out that resume on the left breast pocket. RIP Bro, you lived up to the oath and are an example for all.  #ExGi
My son is in the 19th SF. This breaks my heart.
I'm a Navy mom. I know exactly what you're feeling.

An American Hero!
What a loss...when will this end? Enough.
When was the last time trump went to a military base to receive the casket/s of our fallen service members?  Feb?
I'm against trump like any sane American but for the sake of these heroes I really hope he's doing this and it's just not covered.
I fear that's not what's happening....

Damn.
:(

RIP. God bless you and your family soldier
RIP AND THANK YOU SIR FOR YOUR SERVICE AND SACRIFICE.
Rest In Peace
RIP 
RIP #hero
May his memory be eternal
RIP OUR SOLDIER & PRAYING FOR THE FAMILY OF Aaron Butler RIP ANGEL LOVE & RESPECT OUR SOLDIERS
 sadness for his family's loss
These guys are out there defending our country and the last thing we need is divisive rhetoric. RIP. Thank you for your service. 
God bless the family. Sad to know he gave the ultimate sacrifice while  protecting our rights and freedom to hate each other.
So many young people.....
Thank you, Jake. We're all Americans here. Condolences to the family. 
So very sorry for the loss of another soldier
These American patriots are the moral fiber of our country and all the reason for our government to do its vital part. Get it together!!!
RIP
RIP sir - thank you for your service
@salemstate @POTUS
Pershing: "Competent leader get efficient services, while incapable demoralize the best!". https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu … 
Hey Jake aren't you Jewish? Where's your outrage over this 
When you try going on HuffPost-dot-com and it redirects you to DailyStormer 
This is reprehensible!
Huffpo updated their graphic to say "White Flight." Also sensationalist while missing what's newsworthy. Bannon isn't out bc he's white, WTF 
Can anyone confirm or deny if @Potus has expressed any public recognition of one of our fallen?
We honor a fallen hero
Rest easy young warrior.
And then you support kapernick not standing for national anthem. I think if somebody doesn't respect the flag they can't respect country.

Tremendous Respect, brave souls
But trump won’t talk or call this brave man for what he is a HEROE !!!
You're full of sh!t and part of the problem. Trump respects  military/offers condolences to the families of our fallen.  Back to CAIR office
Trump use the navy seal wife to do propaganda and now he was trying to do the same with Heather mother but is not working
May you rest in peace. Thank you for your sacrifice!
RIP, SIR. May your journey be a sweet and peaceful one. Thank you so much for your service. Condolences to your family
Rest in peace, Aaron.


Why are Americans still dying in Afghanistan
Rest in Peace, Brother. 
RIP
Rip Hero

KIA? What kind of action? Thought we were peacekeeping and training in Afghanistan.
Thank you @jaketapper for this tweet. God Rest this hero's soul. So many of these decent men get lost in the Trump shuffle. It's a shame.
RIP
RIP
RIP son.  prayers for your friends and family
Thanks for posting RIP

Your service is greatly appreciated and America should be proud of you and your fellow combattants..
Fuck. That sucks. RIP
R.I.P SSG Aaron Butler
Thank you Aaron. You make us proud in spite of  the condition in the WH. Again, thank you.
That's a true American hero. 
RIP
He gave his life for all the freaking crap that is currently going on in the US.  Bless him and his family.
RIP.This reminds me of the segment @ErinBurnett use to do at the end of her show a couple of years ago,showing the number of US soldier lost
And so did PBS, in silence, every night.
Thank you for always remembering our fallen heroes, Jake. #RIP SSG Butler
QUIEN ES ESTE GWY ?
Hey @jaketapper has @realDonaldTrump tweeted anything about him or any other brave boys lost recently? Just curious. #Doubtful #Shameful

Rest in peace, brother.
Did Islamists kill them Jake?
R.I.P. Sir and thank you
@jaketapper, thank you for using your voice to honor American servicemen and servicewomen. It means a lot to us.
And thank you for serving our country. I love working with our Veterans. It means a lot to me.
Thanks Tapper.
Rest In Peace 
