Hey, Utah lawmakers, do you stand with transgender Utahns?  .@RepChrisStewart .@RepMiaLove .@RepRobBishop .@SenMikeLee .@senorrinhatch https://twitter.com/thehill/status/890198037733285890 …
, so you want mentally ill people in the military, what the hell is wrong with you??
.@senorrinhatch Do you support Transgender as people even though @ldschurch does not?
@senorrinhatch  transgender want attention & sex change from gov.U couldn'tEven look in the camera. Deviots NOT in the military @POTUS right
Transgenders here to stay. Time to give respect they deserve. I disagree @POTUS. He  knows nothing. For once I do agree with @senorrinhatch
Orin Hatch is either a liar or dumb as a rock. Thinks Trump is honest even with a mountain of evidence to the contrary.  #FailureFriday2
@senorrinhatch I DON'Tstand w transgender's in military.ImmoralDistraction military doesn't need. weakens.My @POTUS isRIGHT. @MattisGeneral
Sir with respect, I am pleased to hear you say so.
Can you see why any system that gatekeeps access to healthcare based on $ is also bad?
I hope you show it when you vote. If so, all is not lost.
In word only?
And only in one word.
I'm deeply troubled by the president 's actions that I will 100% support
Thanks  for your support 
So what are you going to do about it?
http://www.ontheissues.org/Senate/Orrin_Hatch.htm …
THEN DO SOMETHING, COWARD!
....k
So are you planning to make a statement condemning this behavior and standing with trans Utahns who serves in the military?
He made a full statement. Im as surprised as you are.
Thank you for standing up for our citizens!  I'm 71 and feel like this president is taking us back into a dark place in history!
Thank you for the statement you made today, Senator!
Senator Hatch, THANK YOU for replying to @UtahIndivisible in the affirmative! We are fellow Republicans & I'm also transgender. Bravo, sir!
What is transgende? does it mean man today woman tomorrow? Sounds like confusion military don't need. Sex change not funded w my tax 
Thank you for supporting those willing to put their lives on the line no matter what gender they identify with.
Thank you for this answer!
God don't make no junk!
Really, @senorrinhatch ? Because this Mama Dragon with a trans daughter would like to have a conversation.
"Mama Dragon". I'm in awe. Breathe fire!
@mamadragons is actually a group of (mostly LDS or formerly LDS) moms who support their LGBTQIA kids. We are formidable, especially in Utah.
Tell me what is right or natural about same sex or transgender!I am unashamed to stand against it& speak out @senorrinhatch it morally wrong
Thank you Senator for standing against this hate filled policy. Please continue to stand for what is right for all Americans not just some.
OMG Mc's twin?  old & feeble?
Thank you for standing for equality for those who want to defend our country!
You wanna do what's good and right and Christian? Stand with the people, not with your party.
Thank you Senator Hatch for your generosity and having common human decency with this issue.
In that case, I expect you'll do something.
Thank you.
Kudos, Senator.
Thank you!
Another reason NOT to vote for @senorrinhatch when he stands w transgender.NOT IN MILITARY If they r confused about gender look in underwear
about time something is done! Hatch get out of Washington you turn coat!
Thank you Senator Hatch. Please don't change your mind like the current President has on all of the occasions. Please stand up for military!
you and McCain are NOT Republicans, please switch parties
Thank you. Please back up your words with action.

Awesome. Thank you for standing up. Hoping your colleagues follow suit shortly.
Thank you Senator Hatch for standing tall against @potus discrimination.
no how'd Chelsea Manning thing work out
Then maybe u should speak with POTUS who lied abt consulting our generals (not his) & unilaterally made that pronouncement this am via tweet
Thank you, @senorrinhatch.
Thank you, Sen Hatch. Please continue true to your principles of equal participation for all  by insuring access to Medicaid.
I don't so you do not satand with me Mr. Normal!
Wow!
Please make our Military forces to be the dignity and proud forces.
We don't against gays & we must not promote it neither
You should proud and support our president to stand out for Value and
Dignity of the military forces.
Since biology means nothing to Orin, he must support teachers claiming to identify as 16 in order to have consensual sex with them..
Keeping trans mentally ill out of foxholes and trench's isn't discrimination.  It's common sense. Want to lose wars, move to France jerk.
No to transgenders in Military. Long standing policy until Obama one year ago. Eisenhower w/have said no too.
I guess you did not take biology. Wishing doesn't make it so. Social engineering no place in military.
Because we all want to give people that are mentally ill guns or have other people trust them with their lives
BRASS ONES, Sir.  Haven't seen much integrity around these days but you just slammed it for real.  #peoplearepeople  #straightshooter
I am legitimately surprised by this
Do you stand with allowing little people in the military too? Why shouldn't they be allowed to serve their country?
The military should not be used as a social experiment.  I do not want my tax dollars to be spent this way.
What a clueless guy you are....
Looking forward to your statement on how you will fight this action by DJT. Please.
Thank you for standing on the right side on this, Senator.
Then please act. There are trans children today struggling to understand   this latest piece of ugliness.
Sure pal 
Glad to hear it! Do you recognize that transgender people are one of the groups that would be most harmed by ACA repeal?
Thank you,  anonymous staffer.
It took this long to take a stand against @realDonaldTrump. Shouldn't have let this go as far
Then WTF are you going to do about it Brother Orrin? Oh we know, ABSOLUTELY F*CKING NOTHING!!!
NOT signed "ogh" I'd rather hear from the senator's lips.
Wow. What a bold and inspiring statement. You can really feel the sincerity behind that...
Meaning what? Are you speaking out against this ban Sen. @OrrinHatch?
Thank you
but you stand with trump on killer trumpcare bill that affects your citizens. where you gonna go to get your reputation back? just sayin
Will you do anything about this travesty?

Answer: no. 

We jolly gee thanks.
I'm moving to Utah in a month and I have to say your words are reassuring. Though, it would be better if you put words into actions.
Then vote to stop this.
Words are cheap. What actions will you be taking?
He made a statement in @USATODAY
Prove it.
Hm! #Hatch17
Thank you for keeping some values!!
@UtahIndivisible @RepChrisStewart @RepMiaLove @RepRobBishop 
They are troubled!

Trump lies! Do something!
Prove it.
I have NEVER felt like the lawmakers here stand for me and my fellow trans Utahns.
great, do you plan to make a statement that outlines the actions you'll take to protect trans people and prevent systematic discrimination?
Thank you Future President @senorrinhatch !
Thanks Hatch's staff. He supported CHIP & now is happy to get rid of it for tax breaks to the wealthy. He'll swallow whatever Trump gives.
Will you speak out against #Trump's reckless and dangerous Twitter edict and fight for the rights of trans military personnel? #transrights
Thank you
"Yes." That's some strong, resounding support right there.
Where can I read your statement condemning the President's actions?
Make a stand then! SAY SOMETHING
Do you?
Do you, tho?
and what are you gonna do about it?
a tweet is easy. disavowal of source much harder.
Please...and always, STAND BY THOSE WHO SERVE. I don't care about their personal life. I care that they are risking theirs, for mine. 
Please make voice loud and clear on this. We support ANYONE willing to join Military and die for our freedom.
Easy to say this, Senator.  If you mean it, then legislate it, and start opposing Trump.  If you vote for all his agenda, nothing changes
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Thank you, sir.
A flowery word, how exactly will you stand up against Trump? What action are you willing to take as a member of a co-equal branch of Govt?
We'll hold you to it
Utahns, you know what to do:
801 524 4380
202 224-5251
CedarCity 435 586 8435
Ogden 801 625 5672
Provo801 3757881
Your move, .@RepChrisStewart .@RepMiaLove .@SenMikeLee .@RepRobBishop
Follow up: are you going to do a damn thing about it, or just say that it "concerns" you and move on? #utpol
Do you believe transgender individuals should be able to serve in the military?
Thank you!
No you don't
Did you see him in the committee hearing? 1. he's deaf 2. Not sure he's alive. He's Bernie from "Weekend..." w/0 sunglasses
Great.  I look forward to your public statement on this.
And?
So what do you intend to do about this?
What will you do? Remove health care from millions? That'll show him.
What are you going to do?
Awesome!!
Are you concerned about the bigoted views help by the leader of your party?
Hatch replied in affirmative to Twitter question on transgender. His profile in courage moment complete, he will now do nothing more.
Um
So will you sponsor a bill to allow for open service?
So do you support the complete ban on them serving in the military?
Grow a spine then.
Then take a stand! Let POTUS know that discrimination and bigotry canNOT be tolerated.
I’m sure you will show this by voting along with whatever the president wants.
It feels like you aren't doing something so you can have a pen to sign a law destroying millions of people. Who have you turned into? #shame
"...Just not in the military" (he ran out of character(s))
Good. Can you please tell the president that?
