It's unfair to those who waited in line to obtain a green card to give free citizenship to those who broke in.
KIDS didn't break in. They were brought in by their parents.. They had no say in the matter.  We should't penalize them; they had no choice.
They consider themselves Americans, in every sense of the word. Most don't even speak Spanish! They have excellent skills & no crime rate.

#termlimits
Embarrassing. Represent the taxpayer citizens, not criminals who spit on us, burn our flag, flip us off, take welfare away from citizens. 
Get turned down at the Welfare Office or SSI?!
You may very well be president soon. You will need to do better than this.
Thats good shit!! They cant do the job they have now!! It will be a very long time before another loser gets to the WH!!
He has no choice but to rescind. DACA is unconstitutional and all the Senate will do is grant amnesty once again.
You're entitled to your own opinions but not to your own facts
It is a FACT that DACA = unconstitutional. Congress has power to set immigration law, President does not. Obama made DACA = Unconstitutional
And all you white peeps are Immigrants too even if you came over on the mayflower! This world was settled...
No - It was occupied not settled. Roving bands at constant war with each other is not "settled"
Constitution based on Iroquois Confederacy- try reading a little history you might learn! Of course you won't as ur world view would change!
Isn't that why he's giving a six-month window?
Then do something for God's sake!
Uhhhhhm, you haven't fixed the ACA why the heck are you worried about spending your time on non-citizens?
Actually children born of illegal parents  are in fact legal citizens.
That's not DACA you're thinking of anchor babies.  DACA covers children brought here ILLEGALLY by their parents.
Oops, my bad
he has too...  because you wont act unless he does
Please Senator Hatch, we are relying on your sense of right to guide immediate actions to save the DACA folks. They deserve to stay.
If you love America then you would call trump out! Anything less will not be forgotten by majority of Americans. Enough is Enough
Do the offending parents who brought the innocent DACA darlings get to stay as well? No penalties for violating Rule of Law?
Sorry as Native American I find your comment precious! We let you stay!

Illegal immigrant in Utah raped 7-year-old 'thousands of times,' police say  http://fxn.ws/2x1dDnu 
Never thought I would catch myself thanking Sen.Hatch, but I am, because it's the right thing 2do. Thank U Mr. Hatch! #ProtectDreamers #DACA
Lets see.. 7 years to have a plan for Obamacare! 5 years to work on DACA before deadline approached! Next time vacation comes.. Stay on it!
What? I know that Congress moves slow but you have had 5 years to do this. Stop Promenade and go to work. What a dog and pony show.
Hatch some clarification please. Are you a Democrat or Republican? You spend so much time on the other side I had to ask.
This is great news But maybe you should impeach the illegitimate president and the illegitimate Vice President America can go back to normal
POTUS' action today makes it clear: 3 priorities come before vote on tax reform: 
1. Harvey relief
2. Debt ceiling
3. DREAM Act/BRIDGE Act
Thank you sir!  Thanks for speaking up and out against #45's hateful,  hurtful agenda.  We ARE great and can become greater with compassion
He forced you to act, instead of making empty promises
Now is your chance - #SaveDACA #putuporshutup
DO SOMETHING!!
Enough time? Senate can't pass anything-were you elected to give illegals the same benefits of Citizens- NO! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #doyourjob
Take the nuclear codes from that lunatic in the White House!! @BarbaraRacek
we need money and resources for OUR homeless and OUR youth
no!  Americans first  why should daca kids get free stuff when I have to pay for mine
Nope. No to DACA!!
If Congress was CAPABLE of "developing a permanent solution", they would have DONE IT ALREADY!  THEY'VE HAD DECADES!!!
Since when has Congress developed a permanent workable solution on anything since Trump became President? @realDonaldTrump
Too bad! Sir, you have had MANY opportunities to do something. - u are part of the problem!! #MAGA
If Congress couldn't REPEAL Obamacare there is NO hope they can do ANYTHING meaningful and for 8 months they have DONE NOTHING.

What about American kids in our Inner cities to the #Ozarks & #Appalachia 
Don't they comes 1st? 
How many need food & scholarships?
I hope you live in hell after your delusion life here. Our public lands are not to be shrunk!
Thank you Mr. President.
The majority of Americans are behind DACA.. it embodies American values. Build love, accept & opportunity not walls.
Sen. Hatch, Trump = Fascist / Nazi, Racist Lying Coward, Embarrassment to the Office of #POTUS & The Nation, Congress Stand-Up Impeach!
You've had decades to actually do something and you've done nothing. We don't need another rushed POC bill rammed down our throats...
Thank you Sen. Hatch for your wisdom and humanity.
'permanent, workable solution' MUST include a reasonable pathway to citizenship. No half-measure will do.
Support @LindseyGrahamSC's sponsored bill S128 to protect #Dreamers
Don't worry, you will get your chance to make this right. For better or for worse, we'll be calling you President Hatch in 2018.
You need to impeach the Loser!
Hope he listens. It would be a particularly cruel move.
Congress should have been working on this for 8 yrs. instead, your goal was to block Obama and get nothing accomplished. U did this. Shame.
I'll believe it when a single GOP member grows a spine and stands up to #TraitorTrump
How long have you been "working" on immigration in the Congress?  Why in the flying f*ck would anyone believe anything you say?
Thank you. Can u do more than ask?
I grew up in Utah in a family of adopted kids.  This would have torn our family apart.  Thanks for your support of #DACA.
Nice try #botblock
Hatch ran on no DACA. Just another lying POS rino hack.
Thank you, Senator.
Please retire.  You no longer represent us.   You are what's wrong with Washington.
DACA is and always has been unconstitutional. Retire already since you are incapable of getting anything done.
Thank you! Let's not go backwards.
Congress has never done anything workable. They only create problems on top of problems trying to fix the problem the solution created
Congress has had 20 years to develop a workable solution. Quite evident Congress does little for Main St. citizens or DACA kids.
Ur a joke
So you are for an EO that invents and breaks law.  Wow
WTF ORIN HATCH....you complain about obama's lawlessness and as soon as you get in power you bend over backwards to put a rubber stamp on it
Terrific. Now retire. Your time has past, thank you for serving.
Well done.
The financials of prison stocks/private prisons will override your plea.  Ask Jeff Sessions.
Russia hacked 2016 election, must be set aside same 4 a tainted crime lab. tRump & @VP are illegitimate & their every action. @SpeakerRyan
How much longer before we can call you President Hatch? 2 months? 3?
You are pathetic. Congress has had years to deal with this..since Obama did this illegal act by EO, now all of a sudden its an issue.
Congress both GOP & DEMS have NO CREDIBILITY, hell your approval is less than 20%. You DO NOTHING for American people, except take our $$
Shame on you! End #DACA and support @realDonaldTrump in making US great again! I'm tired of @GOP not living up to promises!
Sen. Hatch: you've served long enough. step down and let someone else run for senate. Thanks
And FYI Americans need y'all to work on stuff for us. Like Ocare, tax relief etc.....
Maybe you shouldn't have waited till the last minute to start really working on it.  Chances of all y'all coming to an agreement are slim.
Yah, cause your man-child @realDonaldTrump and Congress have a proven track record of getting it done.

#retireoldman #shitgibbonlackey
That Mormon underwear finally squeezed out the blood supply to your brain.
I can't imagine the "solution" is going to be anymore positive.
Still will have to please the gop base.
Stop being anti-American for goodness sake. Have the whole GOP lost their minds?
No, it's time to end it. Your track record in congress fixing anything is very poor.
#EndDACA It's illegal.Uphold the law of the land,or be voted OUT!
Genuine sentiment, or just giving Trump cover for a move that will be unpopular with his base?
Sorry Senator.  U had 8 years to 'fix' Obummer care and zip.  U can't and won't legislate but @POTUS can and will. Jus sayin #MAGA
You're 4th in line for POTUS.  Get ready! DT, MP impeachable for lying about why Comey fired.Ryan went around bipartisan committee  Nunez BS
Thank You @senorrinhatch
look at the Carlos Curbello plan please - it's reasonable and you can do this in a bipartisan way
How many years will it take? 8
Did you ask the people you represent how we felt first?
He knocked on your door but your head was too far up your ....
You know that you'll be POTUS soon, right? Might as well start getting ready!
You all can develop a solution after President rescind #DACA
Thank you Senator Hatch for supporting DACA. It's the American thing to do
about time congress
Now? Why didn't you all work it up with Obama? 
Once again I didn't see any thing in there about HARD WORKING AMERICANS. It's like we don't even exist. SAD!
You elitist dont have dreamers living in your neighborhoods or going to your kids schools . Untill then, NO TO DACA. NO
Its very clear. No  DACA.We can barely  afford 2 send 2 kids to college & u idiots give dreamers a free education . ENOUGH
Have another taco RINO boy.
Come on, you personally have been there for decades and have not solved this problem.  It's really not that tough.
Really?  Where's this phantom solution?  Hasnt Congress been "working" on this solution for decades with NOTHING to show for it?
TY Senator. We need a permanent legislative #DACA solution with a path to citizenship for these fine young people
Example of these fine young people...
We need to fast-track those with clean records (apart from illegal status), ship the rest back where they came from, and burn DACA to ashes!
Nope. Our country has dreamers too. Let Mexico take care of their own people. We don't owe them anything
Senator Hatch with all due respect, it looks like the Federal government couldn't pass anything.
You are a traitor.
This, is why you fail. Retire Orrin.
Good to know you put political convenience ahead of the constitution. Wouldn't expect anything different coming from a political hack like U
He wont listen.
DACA IS OBAMA'S CACA
Pay my property taxes which keep rising to build new schools every year due to overcrowded conditions.
Thank you Senator!! Now become a leader in removing the criminals and traitors Trump/Pence. Please.
Rhino
i have a solution...build the wall already!!!!..we need all illegals & their kids kept out of america.& i dont care how mean that sounds!
Or supports THE RULE OF LAW! Absent that and you have chaos.
You think we care about the "Majority" the GOP have in Congress? We'll take you out. You keep OPPOSING Trump anyway so what's the difference
Obama gets to make up policy, not even LAW, and you fight for it? Do you think in 2018 we won't vote you all OUT?? You think GOP is safe?
Congress / Obama Admin should have passed the laws to address DACA permanently. Using the plight of these people is purely political
Trump was elected because you are all suckers.
The GOP are utterly traitorous. You guys are FIGHTING for a policy made up out of thin air in 2012. You fight more for Obama than you do US
We are sick of Senators lying to get into office and then stabbing the people in the back! #VoteThemOut #primary #donothingcongress
"Deferred Action for Criminal Arrivals" Most DACA are MALES 20-30 yrs of age, just as in Europe.WE WILL NOT TOLERATE INVASION THEY ALLOW
Not ONE Democrat would cross party lines to vote for anything (R) put on table. Yet you TRAITORS give them votes on a made up 2012 POLICY??
Then get to work on Senator Hatch. It's not fair that the President needs to deal with the failures of the past
Then why did he run?
@Senorrinhatch Thank you, It's good to see reason and logic prevail. Please support DACA or new legislation to create permanent status.
cool, one more Senator that doesn't give a shit about the law. I'll remember
I know you can't admit it, but everyone's thinking it: He will follow Putin's orders on this and most decisions.
Silence bolshevik
