good
that's what happens when terrible nominees with ethical questions are selected. Better choices = quicker confirmation
oh, you have a lot of guts saying that. That is truly a case of the jackass saying the rabbit has big ears#resist
That's false Sir. As a respected U.S. senator please know you're misinformed: 
Bush Sr cabinet 3/11 Clinton 3/17
Obama 4/28.
because Trump nominated Ass hats
You can't lie to the public it doesn't work, we just expose you FOR BEING A LIAR!!!  #voteouthatch
Tone deaf much? How do you spell M E R R I C K  G A R L A N D ? Get a clue!
Republican Obstructionism existed in 2015 confirmed the fewest civilian nominations for first session of a Congress in 30 yrs
Merrick Garland
Not true. But you're so out of touch, you probably need a prostate exam.
the only goal of Republicans the last 8 years was to obstruct, including one year of not doing your job to fill the SCOTUS
try putting up quality people  congrad on making a racist AG. Good job
do your homework. .  Wrong, #Fake News
Historic incompetence by 45 has led to the worst cabinet nominations since George Washington's. #HistoricIncompetence
And Hatch is lieing as usual. FYI hatch, we can research your lies
adding to the alternative fact list....
awww, you put Mitch in your meme
Ha! The turtle. I get it!
Obstructionism is the @SenateGOP just confirming just 11 federal judges in 2015, the fewest in any year since 1960.
You mean 'historic' since when? A couple of months ago?? Merrick Garland ring a bell??
another alternative fact
And good reasons why. Ashamed of you letting a white supremacist in the white house with an unstable man for president.
Did Kellyanne Conway tell you to spout this lie?  #alternativefactsarenotfacts
the #GOP invented #HistoricObstruction because @SenateMajLdr couldn't accept a Black man as #POTUS Sad! Disaster!
Satan is in the Democrats!
ummm....when Trump claimed this, it was quickly proven to be untrue. Do not keep spreading this lie.
Two words for Republicans: Merrick Garland. Now STFU.
#HistoricObstruction from Democrats has led to the slowest cabinet confirmation process since George Washington's. #tcot #utpol 
I still feel so bad for Judge Garland and what @SenateMajLdr did to him. DISGUSTING DISRESPECTFUL
maybe if there were one nominated with experience and not friends or bought for it would be filled but you are paid for alrdy
What dies that mean? Are you saying every other Presidential cabinet was filled in less time than #45?  I think that's wrong.
Least qualified cabinet ever. Most uncooperative nominees -- submit the normal paperwork, answer the questions, or go home.
having flashbacks? Maybe it's time you retired.
WRONG Clinton - March 11; GHWBush - March 17; BObama - April 28 #ShutUp and #SitDown #Liar #GoldLegionOfDoom #altfacts
Liar Liar Liar
Obama's full cabinet wasn't confirmed and in place until late April. #alternativefact
- and you'd know having been around since the Revolution.
OMG could you please stop broadcasting your ignorance and  douchebaggery to the world? Lies, lies, lies.
your talk of obstructionism it's an insult to the intelligence of Americans. Plz get to work on Trump's #termlimits amendment
mayb they should turn in their info pprs.
It's called #karma. Democrats are just following your example. Stop the pearl clutching! #whatgoesaroundcomesaround
used to be a man of integrity not hypocrisy.  How bout that stolen SCOTUS seat.
With such terrible nominees, they are acting in Americans' best interests because you won't stand up for what is right.
I am grateful for their due diligence and challenging of the bat-shit crazy cabinet Republicans are blindly endorsing.
#youarethemajority And your frenzy to confirm  #greedyandincompetent nominees is unamerican.
If I had such crap to choose from I'd drag my tail too. Actually I credit them-nominees are horrendous! You should be ashamed
this is a bold faced lie, or have you been spending too much time around incompetent @POTUS #alternativefacts #GOPhypocrisy
did you forget that you obstructed Obama's SCOTUS pick and delayed everything Obama tried to do? Plus your info is wrong
LIAR!
Alternative truth,  or as normal folks might say,  lies.  Historic obstruction peaked when Garland want given a vote...
you guys obstructed a SCOTUS nominee.  That's historic.
Gosh - didn't 45's predecessor have to wait til April one time? Huh??? Asking for a friend.
OR never even be able to send his nominee for #SCOTUS
sorry bout ya! 8 years of obstruction compared to a couple weeks = no comparison.
is a corrupted politician he needs to go!
Check your history, Orrin.
Historic dereliction of duty on the part of Republicans refusing to hold nominees to basic disclosure standards.
Republicans 2016 blatant refusal to confirm nomination for Supreme Court Justice. Pot, meet kettle.
check your facts
Respectfully, please stop with the lies.
Where are you getting your info on this? What about Clinton? http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38913709 … #alternativefacts #fakenews
it's not obstruction. It's legitimate concern about the nominees. Will you listen to your constituents yet?
As one of your constituents I expect you to block these cabinet nominees too! They Are Not Qualified!
you realize it took until April for all of Obama's cabinet to be filled right? Please stop spouting lies. You are better.
I think some of them were there when Washington was around lol
you're a liar. You're obstructing the public that you serve. Hopefully you get voted out.
they learned it by watching you, you hypocritical hump.
Time to light some fires under Dems. Or just don't pay them for not showing up.
get use to it Orrin Trump is just too dangerous and needs to have a wall around him.
Their slowness will speed up their losing seats for years to come.
Repeating lies don't make them true. 635 days until the 2018 election, senator.
get your facts straight. You e been listening to 45 too much
sorry but Republicans embarrass themselves accusing Democrats of unprecedented obstruction. Our memories are not that short.
And yet -- not as obstructionist or slow as GOP handling of Obamacare appointments to federal bench, etc. Not. Even. Close.
Hypocrite.
actually, you & the rest of the @SenateGOP won't stand up to #POTUS & stand up FOR the #American people & the #Constitution
It's going to be awesome.
no. It's because Trump has terrible picks.
This is a lie.
YOU ONLY GET EXACTLY WHAT YOU DESERVE.
45 picked some serious losers, Orrin.
