Former trans say it best:
It is not the US Taxpayers responsibility to pay for elective surgeries for those who want to be in the military.
Orly? The military spends more on Viagra then on health care for trans members
I like how they never reply to this fact cause they didn't know it .... been seeing this all day.
https://www.rand.org/news/press/2016/06/30.html?platform=hootsuite …
Please explain where this article supports your belief it's too expensive. I read it and it sounds supportive.
what Tricare will cover
So this too says there would be no increase in cost.
only for the soldiers as the cost of Tricare increases
Near as I can tell Hatch is the first in the line of succession who probably isn't tainted with the Russia scandal. So President Hatch?
@senorrinhatch deleted his tweet. What a scam!
No he didn't.
you know there's homeless out there that could use $10 million in care, Fed up!, if they want to serve then they do it, but NOT on our dime!
Thank you. I wish you were supportive of everyone's right to healthcare, but this statement at least gives me hope.
This statement is very careful. He said he was looking forward to learning more, not that this move is wrong. He'll fall in the GOP line.
Actually I think he was suggesting that the military leaders will just ignore Mr Trump's tweets. And: traitors don't give orders to patriots
Considering he has never been a friend to queer folks, this interpretation is pure fantasy.
If that statement is not fake (I'm assuming it isn't) then his words are pretty clear. With Trump, Pence & Ryan gone, Hatch could be C-in-C.
Not fake. I know his voting record. And his presidency would be no better for anyone who isn't a straight, white, man.
They can say whatever they want. I'll look at the voting record. We just watched MacCain blast a bill and vote for it anyway.
1)need to watch @Lawrence=explained vote MTP to discuss Bill is following Rules. McCain voted NO on Bill. 2) watch Hatch's TransG interview
#Hatch17
Respect for human life. Thank u for being a breath of fresh air.
Wait ... WHAT????
So, at what point are you going to actually stand up to Trump and not just be his lapdog?
They're not lapdogs - pet weasels + of course the regular groupies& sycophants
And then you have the one who had to learn to s*ck his own d*ck. Because, well, yea...
Out of the question- could not get past the paunch
I don't want to think about how that would look really. And maybe I do... Naah :P
Twitter is not the venue for promulgating policy, therefore @realDonaldTrump was just having another bout of diahrea of the mouth.
You are as "SICK" as "The Liberal Jackasses". All you want to do is Raise #TheBilderbergGroup to the head of the #NewWorldOrder. Stop!
Trump is wrong how long are you Senator`s going to put up with his abuse to are American people and to you Senator`s.
Impeach Trump, Pence and Ryan! 

President Hatch!!
Aparte decide esto un guey que en su vida ha servido en las fuerzas armadas, pendejazo
I gotta go look up "pendejazo" and find ways to work that word into my daily diatribe....
Thank you Mr. President.
Next president, not so far from now, when they all go to jail.
Tax payers should not pay for their surgery!
Shouldn't discriminate against anyone regarding healthcare either.
Find out reality from someone who has really been there:
Until you do something to stop this charleton, you remain his accomplice & co-conspirator. Your actions drown out this tweet.
I'm neither Republican nor conservative, Sen. Hatch, so we disagree on many things. But your thoughtful, decent statement earns my respect.
I thought that the President WAS our military leader.
Thanks, @senorrinhatch, for standing up for trans folks in military! Now can you stand up for trans folks (and cis!) access to healthcare?
Literally no one is trying to restrict access to healthcare for anyone.
BEING IN THE GREATEST MILITARY IN THE WORLD IS NOT A RIGHT - FOR ANYONE -
Unsigned tweet = tweet is not by Hatch.
Hatch released a statement through his press office, and part of the release efforts included a staffer publishing it on twitter.  No?
the best we can do is keep the mentally ill away from firearms, explosives & other dangers, while they get the care they need.as civilians
like white males?
just the one's that think they are female...  #racist.
white males commit nearly 65% of the mass shootings in the US. Take their guns away instead.
Thanks for saying so. Sad that "transgender people are people" is a controversial statement. #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Literally no one has suggested that they aren't people. Argument is undermined when someone utters a silly strawman argument like that.
Maybe not (tho I'm sure they're out there), but: limiting people's opportunities limits the extent to which they're viewed as people.
Also I have heard folks refer to #trans people as "things" or "it."  That's literally dehumanizing.
Okay, and I agree - and invite you to address those individuals when they do so, rather than suggesting everyone who disagrees is doing so.
We're addressing one of those individuals directly already, not sure that he's listening.
Would that be Senator Hatch? I don't follow him closely - when did he refer to trans people as 'things' or 'it'?
Nah, not Hatch. Though I can imagine someone trying to be classy and using a "no one has suggested" deflection and hope no-one notices.
@senorrinhatch I do not agree with you very often but today certainly do.  Thank you for standing up to be counted.
SO Sen. Hatch, should we keep men who are too short or too tall out?? Because WE DO, BUT I DON'T THINK OTHER MEN WOULD MIND SHOWERING W THEM
Please retire.
I can't believe I just retweeted AND agreed with Senator Hatch.  Strange and mostly awful times for anyone with a mind.
Please stand up this disgrace!!
Hollow words from a career politician who until very recently asserted, "homosexuality flies in the face of biblical teachings."
Send these assholes transvestites to war so they can be fucked up properly. Start with ISIS 
https://twitter.com/Tsunami_Dragon/status/890675365114281984/photo/1pic.twitter.com/qme4muwEmu 
Thank you Senator Hatch.
Thank you @senorrinhatch!
I don't agree with people who become transgender, on religious grounds, BUT that decision is between them and God.  Let them serve!
While we disagree on some things, I have respect and hope for these words you have shared. Please stand by this commitment. I stand with you
So, if I feel like a child, will military pay for laser hair removal? Feel like a pig, Tricare should pay for nasal reassignment? #MAGA
When do Repubs start standing on principle? Military isn't a social experiment. I served under Clinton, W, and Obama and thank God for Trump
Thank you
The President's tweet "speaks for itself" as they are fond of saying. How will you fight against that "policy" Senator?
Finally you are expressing your Mormon teachings. Now apply it to Health Care for all.
You are WRONG again!  America has 0.03% transgenders.  The military does NOT exist to help every weirdo who wants to change their gender.
I have never liked you. I will probably spend most of my life disagreeing with you. But this, for this you get a standing ovation.
Someone is ready to president after everyone is in jail.
Good luck on the clarity part Senator, I've been waiting on some clarity out of the WH since the election.
It's not discrimination politicrat. Quit playing along. It's common sense! Fake Politicrat Opportunists like you should be exposed. #GetReal
"And then, once I have that information, I will issue another statement opposing it before voting to support it."
Thank you for sounding "thoughtful" re. this sensitive topic.  Never been a big supporter but these days any1 who does not sound nuts is 
It is not what we can do for them, it is what they do for us.  Transgender people are not asking for more than any other in military.
Haiku

a life is a life
source of higher providence –
we work together

http://www.wordsareshadows.us/ 
God bless you @senorrinhatch. Thank you. We may not always agree, but I am proud we have #Republicans who know the value of a good soldier!
I am impressed with you, Sir! Thank you.
Thanks BUT: 

HOW about referring to them as "AMERICANS" and "PATRIOTS" HATCH!
Yes, the best we can do for them outside of military service.
Not discrimination.  BP, diabetes, eyesite,these are non stop expensive health issues. Hormone treatments in a war zone??seriously??
Should not be discriminating against anyone? I'm 70 and would love to reenlist. Why can you discriminate against me but not transgenders?
So all the hormones + the cost is beneficial to WHO? Certainly not fellow Service! Our military is for fighting! Not personal confusion!
Citizens shuld not pay for medical.procedures wasnt that ocare? now we pay twice?
Wow, a measured and well thought out response.
Haven't seen one of those in a while.
Wow, with shock (but satisfaction) I'm sending you a on this.
Hmmm.... well one thing in his favor anyhow.
First thing I've ever seen from Sen Hatch that is right and mak s http://sense.Now  give us all the right to healthcare too,just as 
Or is it just political lip service to further distraction and provide personal cover to issue u think is moot
TRUMP IS A RUTHLESS DICTATOR
http://WWW.DONALDTRUMP.WORLD 
REP. JOE KENNEDY III (D) FOR PRESIDENT 2020
I was in the USAF for 8 yrs!  I have been married for over 50 years.  You are a great Senator. I support people mentioned in your statement!
The #GOP has sunk deeper than #Titanic
Our #DraftDodgerInChief want 2 prevent ppl willing n able 2 die 4 our nation from service, u never c a #TRUMP wear Armed Svcs uniforms
Wow - that sounds so fucking reasonable.
Senator, this is the US Military. We are absolutely discriminate in who we procure for military service. Listen to Generals, they know more.
In sum, "word, word, word, word, word, word, period."
Thanks!
Sadly this reveals Sen. Hatch's disconnect from reality if he's looking for clarity from the President.
I never thought I'd hit "like" on a tweet from Orrin Hatch. The world is truly upside-down.
Well said, 46!
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Thank you, Senator!
Our country deserves the best. Our military deserves the best. Our military and our country and US taxpayers should not give a God damn!
NOT a discrimination issue. it IS A READINESS ISSUE!!!  WE R DENIED ENLISTMENT FOR WEIGHT,  FLAT FEET, PSYCH ISSUES, HEART MURMER, ETC
Hatch is anti-LGBT, discriminates against LGBT constantly, but now suddenly he's concerned?
NOPE
Not buying it.
I would read about Hatch before you go patting him on the back for a damn thing.
When a Sen from UTAH thinks your LGBT bigotry has gone too far, you've jumped the shark so often, they need to make another JAWS to keep up.
"The policy the President tweeted". You are allowing this Mr. Hatch.
Oh... Now you care about people...
What the president tweeted was completely uninformed outright lying and slap in the face to all the faithful serving
Since one of trump vacations cost more for the entire LBGTQ budget combined are you choosing president over country or the other?
Thank you for standing up and speaking out, Senator Hatch.
Thank you, Senator Hatch, trans people are as 'normal' as hetero people, interesting read here |
Szép napot kívánok! A gettóból szabadulni nehéz ,amint látod minden igaz róllam és a névtelenítés ,kifosztás az egy jó fegyver! Szeretlek
Our armed services are NOT laboratories for sociological experiments and "feel good" participation awards by congress or anyone else.
Graduated in 05/2001.
Are you really going to tell me that we should keep putting soldiers in COMBAT in Afghanistan for equality?
Bet you never expected to say "...the policy the President tweeted today" in all your years in office. That should tell you something
Thank you, Senator. It's nice to see that there is still some decency to be found within your party.

Thank you for your support of equal rights, Brother Hatch.
Do you think these people have the right to marry? How about the right to healthcare?
Not sure if you know this, but you can enshrine this is law in the Senate...
Said like POTUS 46...
Thank you for speaking up for this vulnerable population, Senator Hatch.
It is not policy , he's just ranting, you going to catch on?
Senator #Hatch: The dictionary's description of a "typical politician". You are a #RINO in training! SUPPORT #POTUS!! Drain the #swamp!
Wishful thinking... #Hatch to be next #POTUS.
trump=jail
pence=jail
ryan=jail
#Kudos

"How Congress Could Overrule Trump’s Ban On Transgender Service Members"

https://goo.gl/Aavypg 
I can't BELIEVE I'm impressed by Hatch today...did hell freeze over? LOL just kidding Good job Senator Hatch!

Kristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL: 'Let's meet face to face & you tell me I'm not worthy' http://read.bi/2tJjiBH  via @BI_Defense
Almost immediately people chose sides on this issue. He's a great divider I'll give him that. Wonder how his generals like being blindsided.
I normally don't agree with anything UT but this was nice! Allowing people to die for the US is okay, Now allow people to afford living here
Agreed. Now please don't take away our healthcare
Oh, so NOW you want more information on what you're voting for, could have used that earlier today.
We have heard all this before.  Get his ass out of office
Amen Orrin
The Swamp can't even stay on the same page.
But apparently the wall MUST be built on the backs of transgender
Wow.
I just fell off my stilettos!
I don't think I should be paying for their surgeries with my tax dollars!
Thanks for speaking out against this preposterous plan.  I implore you to preserve health care access for older Utahns and reject any repeal
Then do something about this sewer eat president that your party supports. Or are you waiting for Mueller? Maybe you'll be president soon?
Don't you have a huge proble with "policy" and "tweet" being part of the same sentence! #shameonyou
Don't let the #GOP fool you. Their outrage at Trump's immoral and corrupt behavior means absolutely nothing. #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
There's no reason tax payers should pay for sexual reassignment surgery for people wanting to enlist. You're MY UT Senator Act like it.
OMG, when Orrin Hatch calls you a bigot, you're really a bigot.
The Military is not the place for leftist social experimentation. Surprise that so-called conservative senators would be in favor.
Thank you for your integrity & for working so well with @SenBennetCO !
Thank you @OrrinHatch. Human rights is not blue or red. It's black & white. #OrrinHatch #LGBTQ #Trump
I urge u sr senator #stopthisdictator #dictatortrump he wants to isolate LGBT n arrest a political opponent #noway
Wow!  Way to be the first GOP good ol' boy to say something not disappointing.
Really? Our laws & "policies" are legit made by Tweeting now?? #icanteven #howtfdidthishappen #notmypres #trumpisanasshat
Finally something to be proud of from Senator Hatch!
I admit I am pleasantly surprised.
That really surprised me.
Consider! Not a discrimination          issue.If Our President listens to military leaders and they recommended changes they have reasons!
If the General and security officials are recommending it, what do they know that you don't know?
Ask Trump who he talked to before coming out with this b.s., and no Hannity doesn't count
Thank you! Now let's work with Democrats and Republicans to rejuvenate, not dismantle, the ACA!
You don't "think" we should be discriminating, but you'd like some more information on this policy? You can just say, "No."
YOU should be president!!!

Good on ya.
Thank you Senator Hatch. We look forward to your presidency when Trump, Pence, Ryan and McConnell go down as the traitors they've become.
Wow. Trump is right of ORRIN HATCH. holy crap. #Resist
Nice call.  If the Russia scandal blows big you could be our new President. Think about it...President Hatch.
Omg. Never been an Orrin Hatch fan!! You go, old guy!!
Glad to agree with @senorrinhatch on something outside of ADA today. Thank you for speaking up.
What about all the health issues that currently keep others from serving?  Asthma, dwarfism, diabetes?
One does not "tweet" military policy. What the president did today was engage in hate-speech and encourage discrimination.
Thank you senator for being one of the few people in your party who still has the dignity and civility your office should expect.
A man who is double minded is unstable in all his ways, You have lost your conscience and any wisdom you once had, transgenders are unstable
I am so confused
Why should taxpayers pay for somebody to have their penis cut off to make them happy
Well, I'll be durned! For your circumspect, compassionate, and clear response to unfortunate @POTUS policy reversal, I thank you sir.
The military has always discriminated as it should, gender dysphoria is a mental illness and incompatible with the military
All else aside, there is a real problem with the phrase, "the policy the President tweeted".  Tweets should not be policy. Just not.
Should not disciminate against anyone? What about drug users? Rapists? Mentally ill? How about amputees? How about people under 4 feet tall?
Wow - doesn't even have the support of the rest of his #RWNJs??
I don't often agree w/ Hatch but he may be our president when all the convictions are in. Check order of succession. Also glad he said this.
I'm sorry, Senator. The US military is not a social experiment. US taxpayers shouldn't be paying for elective sex reassignment surgery.
My actual, real-time reaction to realizing I agree with Hatch on something.
Thank you for showing your support! Your daughter Kimberly has been great supporter of mine.
Thank you @senorrinhatch .
The man should be President. Impeach the   . What do we do with the other 2?
Key on "I look forward to".
You have re-established some of my confidence in America today! Stand strong!
Thank you for your reasoned reply. I'm concerned you referred to President's tweet as an order. How can a tweet be an official govt order?
The policy THIS president tweeted?
Sorry but your Fearless Leader has now shown how Biased and Bigoted your party is. You have not lost the youth of the country forever.
Thank you sir for your statement.
@senorrinhatch , thank you for your comment on equality. People are people.  Pls have POTUS recused.
Transgender people require constant medications to maintain artificial hormone levels.  Diabetics and asthmatics are not allowed to enlist
for the same reason.  The military usually does not allow people who depend on medication to enlist.  Same with epileptics, too.
This is about military readiness, not about judgement as a person.
I think given how much we spend on the military a year that they are "ready"
TERM LIMITS
Senator Hatch always was and always will be a RINO.  Sad he couldn't even take a stand in this critical matter.  Maybe he is transgender.
I stand with him as a vet. No one really cares.
Thank you for serving America then and now, Ma'am.
No Thanks Needed. It was my honor to serve.
Sen. Hatch..
You are wrong, wrong,  wrong...
.
Bravo to you, sir. Thank God decency isn't completely dead in the GOP. It is on its deathbed, though and needs people like you to save it.
It's a rare occasion I'll thank you for something, but thank you for this statement.
Good for you, Senator.
Wow Hatch you do have a heart holy shit
Thank you president Trump now it's time for Hatch to move on. Won't get my vote ever again
