@senorrinhatch helping himself

buffet looking weak af y’old bitch

So Chuck a Rama is the answer to getting into the Celestial heaven, who knew? Hope you can face St Peter with a clear conscious
Don't forget to put lots of essential oils on your salad at the end of the salad bar.
Healthcare would be heaven to millions of us, but, whatever.
Looks pretty good!
@PederTune Heaven
So that is Jesus on the other side of the sneeze guard?
What do corpses do with food?
Give it to their puppet master
Yes Orrin, this is what eternity in the Celestial Kingdom is. Rather than taking healthcare form children, why not go to the eternal buffet?
upgrade to amazon prime for a better version of heaven
The bread pudding!!!
Great!  By the way, how are the non white people in Puerto Rico doing?
I'm pretty sure most people consider Up chuck a Rama as hell.
You should be playing bingo, not serving in Congress. U r a rubber stamp for a fool president.
Really? That's your idea of heaven? I mean, I'd hope at least for universal health care and an anti-racist government. But hey. You do you.
Obvs you've never ate at the chuck. But seriously let's feign outrage at a man eating at a cheap buffet? I mean really?!
Hi Orrin  Marvelous Work, Thanks  I watch the Tech Tour Sincerely BB  , Love being Me  and You love being You
This should be an add for @Sizzler_USA
How's those ppl in PR doing??? Hope you enjoy your buffet, loser!
Buen provecho senador, saludos cordiales mucho exito.
People are losing health insurance and lives are being lost in PR due to lack of food and water, but enjoy that buttery lettuce though
So, should he not eat?
NO!!
You setting me up? Go Already!
I guess you have not figured out that the cost of your actions is far greater than the minimal good you have done.  Heaven is closed to you.  There will be no forgiveness.
Way to beat the 3:30 dinner rush of seniors. I’ve had many Jazzy drivers take out my knees rushing for the easier digestible mashed taters.
If you think the Old Country Buffet is heaven, you have some low standards
another dotard in congress
Telestial Kingdom, but technically, yeah...
Shoneys is lit af 
Too bad President Trump just made it more expensive to get the care needed if the food poisons us.
We all saw you stick your finger in the salad dressing to taste it, Grandpa...
Damn early bird special! How's that 3pm dinner time working for you?
Yo my guy how’re you tweeting from hell?
Where are you? At @goldencorral ?
Your appalling taste in restaurants is as offensive as your appalling support of @realDonaldTrump. Also, this place is not Heaven. #utpol
I know what this is
Heaven. You at Cracker Barrel?
I'll take places you'll never experience for 500 Orrin.
Condolences
No Burger? I'm disappointed Senator Hatch.
I've been wanting to go there. It's been awhile.
Maybe you could send some of that food to Puerto Rico, Orrin.
The wagon wheel is a nice touch.
The Original Cracker Barrel.

3rd in secession to presidency
Senate Cmttee on Finance
Cmttee on Taxation
Cmttee on Health, Education, Labor & Pensions
Cmttee on Judiciary
Um, did you use your early bird coupon?  #WTF
You're helping flush this country down the toilet but, hey, enjoy the salad bar.
Amen I love a good buffet too!
11 days and counting: Why hasn't Congress renewed health insurance program for 9 million children?
Gluttony - One of the sins exemplified best by the new GOP.
I AM SO STUNNED RIGHT NOW!!!!

WHO SAW THIS COMING?????
Just your average millkonaire that gets millions from private donors
Fucking crass, Senator. Your party leader is demeaning Americans in PR who don't have potable water.
That looks like the one in Bountiful.
Enjoy your lunch.
Should he be starving himself while simultaneously fighting fires
By all means, eat...but maybe now is not the time be posting selfies at the buffet so many would love to even have a moment to dream about.
I understand where your coming from, but doesn’t that seem like an impossible standard? Literally something is always going wrong these days
Every minute of every single day is wrong these days. I'd prefer to see our Senators doing something constructive, like, removing Trump.
