Garland, Garland, Garland, Garland, Garland.....
Go get 'em Senator. #confirmgorsuch
We are going to vote you out. That will solve both your and our problem.
Good! they've been stalling so they can bury evidence and halt a massive multi-investigation scandal in the Planets History. come on #Mudmen
Got a single source?  not Fox news? silly statement.Ruinous GOP stymied every Obama initiative. No honor and now dishonorable 45 is yours.
what have you been smoking? Looking forward to 2018 / 2020
You mean like the #MerrickGarland confirmation?
“This is a body blow to the institution, and I think we’re on a slippery slope,” Senator John McCain, a Republican with a brain.
You keep saying that, and everyone keeps pointing back to where the "confirmation wars" started: Merrick Garland.
Dems stick together that's why they stay in the limelight We are always fighting each other and don't stick up for each other
Stop lying please.  It's time for you to be defeated and I sincerely hope that in Nov 2018 you will be gone!
You remind me of the playground bully who cries when others stand up to him. You're too old for that stuff.
#60votes
Everything Orrin said here is factually accurate and proven to be true.
Did you feel this passionate when you blocked Obama's nominee?  Did you think you weren't going to have to take what you dished out?

some escalations, perhaps. But not all. See, e.g., McConnell and Garland maneuver
Ur a blemish of the honor of the City of Pittsburgh  ur hometown
How was Merrick Garland the fault of Democrats?
You sold our privacy to ISP Lobbyists, for $106k. Now selling us a special interest lobbyist judge? We can see you.
Bahaha
If only you actually represented your constituents...
@rlockrocks
Just stop. Just be quiet. You are diminishing the institution of the Senate. You know better.
#Americans DO NOT want a #SCOTUS nominated by #POTUS under investigation for crimes against #USA. Why is #GOP putting party before citizens?
How can you say this when you would not give Garland a hearing. It is lies like this and others that make Utah need a change. @JennyWilsonUT
u trolling?
Liar
Your hilarious and a hypocrite
If you are not then stand up for the man we wanted and put in office. This is a big deal but defending Trump about Russia Dems would do it
'Bout time you guys grow some balls! #BigUnsLikeTrump
@SenateDems @SenMajLeader Don't you dare let the majority of Americans down by allowing these heinous old men implode our democracy!
Wow! If that's not a diagnosis of dementia, I don't know what is. You stonewalled Garland for a year you old coot!
You Republicans may someday be powerless to stop a liberal #SCOTUS majority, and it'll be your own damn fault.
It's both Dems and Republicans, Senator. This is ridiculous. This tit for tat has. To. Stop. Garland is your fault. This is theirs. Grow up
Oh, please.  Your brazen hypocrisy is stunning.  You Republicans blocked Obama appointees at such a rate as to invite the nuclear option.
What a liar and an embarrassment.
BS Orrin. Turtles treatment of President Obama and Judge Garland is @GOP fault. #hypocrite
@rlockrocks
#confirmgarland
MERRICK GARLAND. 11 MONTHS. NO HEARING OR VOTE. THE GOP OWNS THIS.
They CAN be laid there but you'd be lying as you're laying. You offered no advice and consent as specified in Art. 2 Sec. 2 of USConstitutn
Hmmm... really what happened to #garland please resign and give us in Utah a person of integrity to represent them
Such disingenuous, false indignation.
Really? You are saying the @TheDemocrats are responsible? You all didn't even have a hearing for Garland!
@SenateGOP = a bunch of hypocrites
So disingenuous.  You stole the seat and now engage in hypocritical hyperbole.  What happened to your integrity?
#Bullshitter  Sad!

Don't #ConfirmGorsuch
How many judicial appoints did Rs refuse leading into 13? 79? To only blame Ds is dishonest and not in best interest of Senate
This is not the democrats fault. Checks and balances!!! 2018 won't forget!
This is your fault sir
Cry me a river you overgrown child. All republicans hated Obama because how dare a black man be smarter than you AND be president.
Starting to sound like DJT, "nothing is ever my fault and I don't regret anything"
Oh and drop your gov ins and get your own like the rest of us
So you and the truth have never met #garland
Stop lying you old hack
The issue right now is @POTUS and Russia, and the more you spineless weasels avoid it, the worse it gets. Do - Your - Job!
Really? They blew up the senate by not even giving a hearing to a republican nominee? What are you smoking old man?
BS All of congress has been failing the country and constituents for 20+ years. Wake up Senator.

Equivocation of these things will not help the American people any more  than pointing at the dog because you just shit your own pants. https://twitter.com/rsdos621/status/849090653548138497 …
What a joke, it all lays on you and the other GOP members who refused to do your job and even vote for Merrick Garland.
