@jaketapper @SenJohnMcCain Thoughts and prayers with Sen. McCain for a quick recovery.  God speed honorable warrior.
My thoughts and prayers to you, dad and family. Cancer sucks.
So sorry to hear this. Praying for your dad and your family. God speed.
#Beautiful Thoughts & Prayers with Senator McCain & his loved ones.
Prayers for healing, strength, and comfort for all of your family.
#GodBless Prayers and love to you and your family!
Praying for a speedy recovery.
I'm so sorry to hear this. Sending much love to your family & prayers for healing to your father, a true hero.
All positive thought are with you Senator McCain. You have always been a fighter and I know that will not change now. You are in my prayers
Prayers to Senator McCain and his family.
Prayers for Senator McCain and for all of you; his dear family!  God is with him and all of you during this difficult time.
Prayers to McCain family.
Prayers for your Dad and your family Meghan
Your father's service to his country is unparalleled.  My family and I, among millions of others, are praying for his recovery.
Wishing your dad the very best. He is one tough soldier.
So so sorry @MeghanMcCain. Love you and your father so much!!
I am a Democrat  but have always respected John. Sending prayers for a speedy recovery. Ray of sunshine to u
I hope the best to you are your family.
I lost my best friend to a brain tumor when he and I were 13. I send prayers for you and your family in this fight. Stay strong. :(
Meghan, your Pop and I disagree on many things. But I have the highest respect for him and family, for all his service to this country.
God bless you and your family, Meghan.  I will be praying for his complete recovery.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Beautiful, Meghan. Thinking of you.
That has be the loveliest homage to a Father I've ever read. Bless You Ms McCain. Love & prayers and healing energy is sent to Sen McCain
Praying for your family ! Sending you Strength Comfort and Peace! Blessings!
#ATrueAmericanHero
You and your family are in my thoughts-your dad is a hero - even to this lefty
Sending prayers for your Dad and your family. 
I am sorry to hear this news. As someone that may disagree on some issues with you, my father is my hero and I pray for yours. He's a hero.
I wish I had words to comfort @MeghanMcCain & the rest of @SenJohnMcCain family. All I can offer are prayers & Hugs~
G-d Bless John McCain and his family.
Praying for your whole family. Love your dad. A great American
We may not agree politically, but he's a good man and a hero and he and your family are in my thoughts. 
Sending thoughts and prayers your way.
i'm so sorry. praying and sending love your way.
Sending big prayers Senator John McCain
A truly great American.  Wishing a speedy and full recovery.
@davelevinthal @SenJohnMcCain I hope he get better soon
I'm very sorry to hear about your father. The McCain family will be in my prayers.
I so wish my dear, sweet 30-year friend with this same diagnosis could have the same outpouring of love.  He votes and lives well and good.
God will bring comfort and peace these next days and weeks. I've never seen your Dad back down. Trusting all that for you.
That's why we need universal #healthCare
Prayers for Senator McCain. As teenager, I watched your father step off the plane after arriving home from hell. Our American Hero always.
God Bless the McCain family.  #hero
I may disagree with him politically, but hope for the best for healthy results
Blessings and strength to you and your family.
- love  and respect to ur whole family --- #MCCAIN
The whole country is praying for you, your father and your family.
Let us also pray for people who are diagnosed With cancer and who have no healthcare or will have it cut
I hope your father (real American hero) get better soon and kick Cancer's ass. #McCainStrong #Respect
Right on man. Whether or not people like him politically, he's still a fellow human being.
He has way more strength & heart than that fool in the White House McCain didnt dodged the draft. He sacrificed for his soldiers and country
Yeah I really didn't like when Trump mocked him for being a PoW. Extremely disrespectful and insensitive. Most wouldn't last 5mins as a POW.
Glad you said that. And Trump put down Veterans with PTSD. I have it and see alot Vietnam Vets at work that have it. Mr McCain get well soon
Prayers to your entire family. Your father is the poster child of faith, strength and courage.
We Love You Meghan McCain Your One Of The Strongest Women Around and We Pray For Your Dad and Remains in Our Thoughts Daily #HugsToYouNow
Wishing you well! Great resource for support/info- @theLizArmy. Liz has lived w/brain cancer 11 yrs. brilliant and great advocate for care
Lost my father last yr. My thoughts & prayers r with u. I was gratful\thankful Dad had health insurance. Mindful @ timing with Senate Bills.
Our family is praying for yours. Both you and your dad are great Americans who deserve our live and respect. Stay strong.
My prayers are for u and your family God Bless#staystrong#keepfaith
Thank you for sharing. I know too much about this.  I am praying for you, your family, peace, love and comfort.  Psalm 23:1-4, 1 John 4:12.
We're praying for your Dad, Sen. McCain! He's a good man.
Praying for you @MeghanMcCain, @SenJohnMcCain and family. May God give you His peace/healing during this tough time.
Arizona prays for John McCain!
Any father would be proud of this daughter’s tribute. Well done, @MeghanMcCain
Statement regarding my father @SenJohnMcCain: 
I am a staunch democrat but will be praying for your father......he is a good man.
Positive thought for yor Dad and family
Agree 
Honored 2 have met your dad Sr yr @ #LakeHavasu HS in '89. Have long admired his demeanor & courage. Tell him to get well soon!
I will keep all of you in my prayers daily
Many blessings Sen. McCain I've dealt with this beast called cancer & if anyone can fight & win, my money's on you sir. Fight hard!
If anyone can kick this it is your father.  A true American  Prayers to your family.  #Ilovethisguy
Praying for Senator McCain and your family.
You ... My Friend ... Write A Beautiful Letter... I Am Proud Of You.... & So Must Your Father Be... Luv From Memphis,Tn And A Prayer... Mary
Your dad survived a lot of trials in life through thick and thin. Our faith in God and love for each other always gives us strenght.
~ Huge hugs and prayers to you and your entire family, Meghan. 
Like him or not the guy is a hero! Thanks for your service and thanks Meghan for the beautiful tribute. Prayers for speedy recovery!
I know all too well the anxiety you endure. Rest assured our prayers are with your entire family. You will all prevail.
Sending  and prayers from #nj .
God bless your dad, and your entire family..
God Bless You n Yours. Sending Healing Prayers for Senator McCain. Thank him, from our family, for his Service to the USA. Big Hugz n Loves
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family Meghan. Cancer sucks and picked the wrong guy to F#!* with.
Prayers for your dad and your family.
Beautiful. This young lady will always be proud on being the daughter of such an extraordinary, humble and decent hero.
Beautiful tribute. Though I have not always agreed w/your dad, I have always admired his patriotism and courage. He is a true American hero.
God bless 
God bless john McCain.
Prayers to Mr. McCain and his entire family. May God give you the comfort you need. And may Christ blood cover and heal him.
God be with him..
Lovely tribute.  He is a true hero and we all pray for him and your family.
God Bless your father, you, and your family. Sending up prayers.  A daughter's love is unbreakable. As an only child, I know too well. 
Wishing for health and a long life for John McCain.
@MeghanMcCain, my aunt fought and lost her battle with brain cancer. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family that he wins his.
mom has loved @SenJohnMcCain as long as she can remember, 76 and also battling cancer.Asked me to tell you she feels exact same as you do 
Prayers are with you & your entire family. Strength is something McCains have in abundance. We are adding ours
@MeghanMcCain  No one would ever criticize to your face despite his active participation in the undercutting of our POTUS @SenJohnMcCain
Prayers for your dad, a true patriot and for your family.
Beautiful message. 
Our prayers arw with you and your family.
My dad was diagnosed w/cancer late last year, your stmt hit me right in the heart. Prayers+strength for the fight to your father and family
Beautiful! My family is praying for your father and your entire family.
Dear Meghan,  our prayers are with you/family and your dad.
Beautiful.
I will keep your Dad in my prayers, as well as you and Cindy.
Prayers are sent from me and my family to you and your family for a positive recovery for your dad. God bless and be with you and your dad.
Sending prayers for your family. May God watch over you.
So sorry to hear this. Your father is a true hero.  Sending prayers for strength to your whole family!!!
You are blessed. You will continue to be. #faith #love #hope
Psalms118:17 For Your Dad He Shall be made Whole and to Tell The World Jesus Did it!
Keeping you all in my thoughts and prayers.  I grew up in AZ.  The Senator has been one of the good guys since I was a kid.  God bless

Please take this seriously.  My friend who has the gift of healing by prayer is in Arizona and is willing to come to see you. Don't wait.
Beautifully written. I had utmost respect for your father until today. Now, he has lost all integrity, embarrassed himself as a fool. Sad!
Godspeed.  He's in the thoughts and prayers of our Nation.
@batterman_terri ...last&possibly most important to a happy life is knowing the true gut feelng of homesickness..I know u r happy&blessed
prayers for your dad and your family.
U R an eloquent writer!  Stmt ab your Dad brought tears; good luck Sen McCain-U hv an awesome family...
Praying for healing.
You are all in my prayers, Meghan. God is with you all.
Your father's dedication to ALL OF US transcends politics. PLEASE know I am thinking of him & praying & for you & all the family.
Prayers for your family and your dad.
Prayers to your family
Beautiful words, my prayers are with you all!
Your dad is a strong strong man, and a hero
My heart goes out to you and your family.I know exactly how you feel about your dad..i felt the same about mine
wish him the best.
My Mom was diagnosed w/Small Cell Lung Cancer. Very aggressive. Waiting on results of PET scan after 3 cycles. My MOM. Many prayers to all
Nice tribute to your father.
Best to your family and Senator McCain!
God bless your dad he's a great American!
Your father is a strong and brace man. A hero by all definitions. My family and I are proud of him and all he has done
Thoughts and prayers.
Meghan, I'm so sorry to hear about your father. I've admired him for his service in the war and the senate.  God bless him.
A Beautiful tribute 2 an Awesome man.When I was dealing w/same issue in my family, I loved to read the prayer "FOOTPRINTS". It helped a lot.
God Bless your dad & your family. You are all in my heart & prayers...
Sending prayers to you, your father and your family.
So elegant  so true love and prayers to you and yours. 
Sending love and prayers.
Beautifully  written !  And well deserved prayers for you senator , God Bless you all.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and yours!! Hand in there! We need his voice of reason!
All our love and prayers to your family, Meghan.
Your father delievered the most gracious and honorable concession speech I've ever heard.  
My family and I love your Dad . He is a great American and a beacon of light against the darkness of Trump . We need him now!
Please accept our wishes for a complete recovery. I don't agree with him politically, but certainly don't wish him ill health.
Offering up prayers today, may your family remain strong 
So beautiful 
Your Father and family are in my prayers we lift you up to the Lord and pray the Lords Blessings, strength and healing are upon your father.
@perlmutations @SenJohnMcCain Meghan my thoughts and prayers coming, he is a true American HERO, this is letter he sent me
Cancer is an awful beast, but may actually be outmatched this time. Best wishes to you, Senator & your family.
He's one of the bravest, most ethical men in the world. I have more respect for him than any other in DC. Prayers began when I first heard.
Though he and I dont see eye to eye politically, I wish for no one to have to to deal with such difficult health problems.
Beautiful... Praying for your Dad.
Our church prayed for your father
Your father and your family will be in our prayers. 
Best wishes you you, your father, and the family. Stay strong.
Your father, if anyone, will beat the crap out of this cancer and be at his desk the next day. Stay strong and keep each other close.
Beautiful words from a loving daughter.
Such a great man! We have that blessed hope in our Lord Jesus Christ that you'll see him again in glory. A new body, untouchable by disease.
Praying for strength and health.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your whole family. 
Beautiful words from a loving daughter to her father.
Prayers for your dad and family
Not a hero
Praying for God's healing hands.
God bless you and your family at this time and special prayers for your dad a true American hero.
I pray for Senator McCain as well as you, & your entire family! Your father is a tireless warrior who WILL win!
Touching
Your dad means so much to so many Americans. He is shining example of service to others, at a time when we need examples. Prayers to you all
Megan. I love your dad. I guess one would call me an Independent who can Swing for the right Presidential Candidate. I pray a Miracle happens and he has full recovery and Kicks Trumps Ass.
Sending prayers for your father's health and your family's comfort
So sorry God bless the McCain family!
Praying for you, your Dad, and family. Thank you all for many years of services and sacrifices. 
Praying for the family
Hoping Your DAD fights & WINS! always a Fighter & a  Man With Character which lacks in REPUB PARTY
Amen @MeghanMcCain ... The Beautiful Truth.
Keeping your father in my prayers.
Wow. Beautiful.
Like Father, like daughter--both from the same stock and pith and faith. May their seed never disappear from the earth.
My dad was a cancer patient. My prayers for your dad and family during this season. May you realize God's presence.
Beautiful
Agree or not with his politics, I have the utmost respect for his heroism and service to our country! Keeping #themac in prayer!
No words can change your sadness, no words can be of comfort. Prayers can be said, and we hope for the best.
Moving tribute, prayer for father whose rare qualities are much needed by all free people post Nov 8. My heart goes out to you, your family.
Wonderful words of love. Lost my father to cancer,2009. Cherish each moment with your Dad, a GREAT American. Prayers for you and  family.
We're all thinking about your dad, and your family. Sending lots of good thoughts and prayers your way. Blessings.
2/2 God Listens and I pray knowing God free him from torture NOT to Cancer. He's THE fighter we need. Song for him:
