Everyone should be outraged at a racist assuming this position! If both you and the KKK cheer something, it's time to rethink
@POTUS Happy for you! How long until you have all the black people out of America? Should be quick, you are all on board
Remember when you called your Democratic colleagues "idiots?"
Thank you Senator and the #GOP for putting a public racist in charge of our laws. #2018

Shame on you!
Hatch could only come up with "think of the mans wife" Really ? You disrespect a women Senator for that ? Take up bridge.

Did you know @SenOrrinHatch & @RepKevinBrady can see & release Trump taxes any time? 

But they won't b/c they know it'll show Russian $$. …
, it's extraordinarily disheartening that you no longer have a conscience & put party over principle. I've no respect for u.
extraordinarily disheartened that Sessions was confirmed despite a long history of racism. How will you explain this in 2018?
Appreciate you enlightening fellow senators to debate with respect & dignity. Lacking to long declines character of nation.
says the party that's played partisan politics for the last 6 years
It's extraordinary that a racist would become our nation's AG!
keep supporting bad nominees and you will see more of it.
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland you delusional old man.
it doesn't matter who the nominee is, as long as the devil said he was a a Republican you would vote to confirm
that's not correct. I am a Republican and completely sickened by his selections. It is making me look at my options
Sessions is a racist, as was the Mormon Church for decades!  They had changed, I thought, but you haven't?
The  new cabinet 
required no qualifications, no morals just cash.
it's extraordinarily disheartening that the new AG called the NAACP "unamerican" #KKKAG
I hope you were serious about not running in 18 because we won't forget your votes approving the most incompetent govt ever
#rememberin2018 #rememberDeVos We won't forget!
pot calling the kettle black if you ask me.
senator Now go show them you are the man for the job and I know you will
every obstructionist tactic they learned from you. Hypocrite!
it's extraordinarily disheartening the the new AG was found too racist to be a federal judge. Utah is disappointed #KKKAG
more like extraordinarily disheartening that the new AG thought the KKK was 'OK until [he] learned they smoked pot.' #KKKAG
I'm pretty sure his wife knows he's a racist. I'm sorry you men can't handle the truth.
I would venture to impugn your integrity, but it appears that the last shreds thereof were destroyed w/ that stmnt. #utpol
really, and the last 8 years of a "no" Republican congress was OK. Hypocrite!
Did you vote the way your constituents wanted or "party first?" Release your constituent contact logs. Too embarrassed?
you and your colleagues offend. Sessions is a bigot incapable of protecting the rights of ALL Americans. #ShePersisted
this is extremely unamerican
disheartening to see you watch America go down the tubes
"Extraordinarily disheartening" is the term I'd use to describe this, but not in the same way you do. #utpol
let's vote this guy out. He is no longer relevant.
nothing partisan about racism, it should never be accepted or ignored by the senate. shame on you.
Can't wait until you're voted OUT on your ear in 2018! #rememberDeVos #rememberin2018
agreed
And what about the "deserving" Betsy DeVos and how she bought her way in.  Wasn't that a spectacle?
Oh hush.'Least he made it this far. U didn't even consider Obama's choice -could've taken the high road then but you didn't.
not sure what you're referring to but Hatch voted for both of President Obama's AG nominees.
SCOTUS & yes I know it's Not the same job. BOTH parties seem to have forgotten they are public servants. #peoplenotparties
you were the architect.. how are you surprised?
"scorched-earth tactics"? Like rules, laws, vetting?This from the Senator who tantrums & calls colleagues idiots. #classact
Do you actually believe the things that you have said here? Did you give his nomI nation any more thought then a surface
skimming because he is a Republican?Did you REALLY look at his voting record? At what he fought for and against in his state?
Just because you can have a pleasant conversation with him does not mean he is qualified to fight for the rights of the poor,
the disenfranchised, or those that are oppressed. Instead of assuming you knew all you needed to know, you should have
listened, really listened, to those that are directly impacted by this decision. You may have reached a place in politicking
where you think that it is all prettyuch the same. But it is the lives of those who don't have power who are telling most
powerless. I am appalled at what I can only describe as contempt for towards the mission of the AG's office. For years you
Oh for Ted Kennedy. He kept you on track.
you have a president who lies, attacks the judiciary, has alienated allies, terrified NATO countries, and you ignore it.
This is going to go down as the most unqualified, corrupt government in history.  How much did you get for your soul?
Right any descent in uncalled 4! Right Orrin no 1 has the right to disagree! R u a Russian puppet as well? I thought u werent
No so sure.
Remember Garland? That's right, the obstructionist hypocrites never let him get that far...
so glad the democrats spoke out against this racist.
If republicans weren't so dizzy with power and instead acted sensibly with these picks, there would be less of a spectacle.
After your years of obstruction with your leader saying #1 goal was to destroy Obama, you have some nerve saying this.
Not nearly as disheartening as his background in suppressing minority voter.
Thanks for your leadership, Sen. Hatch. AG Sessions will make we Alabamians - and all Americans - proud, I have no doubt.
I'm a native Alabaman, and I'm ashamed. Say "I", because I and many others will never be part of your "we".
