this stupid opposition plan puts party before people. Dems need to be accountable to their oaths. @infowars @realDonaldTrump
So true
A democrat in republican disguise !
I remember the claim of death panels. U propose no solutions for coverage-simply cuts. HSA's aren't  a viable solution 4 poor.
Stop being fools,If Medicaid and Medicare taken away there will be deaths,  as simple as that
Trump don't give a crap unless you're rich!
we care about the poor we're just not going to give them control of money that they obviously can't control don't get it twisted
I didn't earn high wages and raising children took priority. My disability check isn't much because of it! Not my fault. Somebody had
Blah blah blah personal choices quit crying about it now
Slowing growth is a phrase that doesn't mesh with 22 million losing insurance.
Pres. Trump is getting people able to work, back on the workforce. Less Gov $ spent. More $ in peoples pockets.
8+ years of Republicans complaining about Obamacare and there are still no solutions for reasonable care.
The problem is that the rich aren't making enough money off of the middle class and the poor. If that wasn't the case, we'd all have care
The problem is gov shouldn't be involved in healthcare or it becomes corrupted.
Having that many uninsured people and not allowing preexisting conditions or mental health care is wrong. This isn't how you help Americans
Americans must pay for health & car insurance. The term pre-existing was invented by insurers & should be abolished.
I agree. Pre existing is just a way to un-insure people who need care most. They'll never change the terms, because it is always about the
As a former Marine, it should be honor above everything. The money for Obama's "Affordable" care act is bankrupting middle class families.
My honor goes along with the love of my country. As far as H.C, I'm not an expert in it. I don't know a single person paying that much per..
Obamacare has already been dropped by many insurance companies for 2018. Premiums will skyrocket and no doctors will accept it!
BREAKING NEWS: Democrats have a double standard for EVERYTHING.
Graham is an idiot.  RINO!!!  Cut the free shit.  Get the government out of the healthcare and insurance business.  Let free market work.
@senorrinhatch
he is one stupid guy
Huh, so do the insurance companies 
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
You have a majority, get it done! Quit blaming others.
Graham would not know good government if it bites him in the azz. time for Graham and many other long time leaches to step out of office
Exactly!
No
You know what they are waiting for total fail so they don't get blamed Demos and Rep. alike and no one will have health care
And some more responsible GOP members 
This is some answer from Susan Collins on the GOP health bill's Medicaid cuts
There better not be anything in this bill that gives congress and staff exemptions. They're no better than us. They work for as well.
just say no , treason to late your in!
One health care for all simple answer, hard to get it going but done well the country would be a better country to live in.
Graham get a life all you have done is try to harm our President we will vote you out thank you for no support
ITS HARD TO TRUST GRAHAM !!
The rate Obama's plan is failing that will kill people! We need an American plan that works with our system of gov and economy EU copy!
How bout those recovery houses. They are still operating. Why is that
Cut out all government assistance to healthcare
End the fraud and we won't have to cut or slow growth. Let's be aggressive by assuming all assets of these criminals
Why is there billions of dollars in tax breaks for the rich?
Hhhhmmm
GRAHAM IS A RINO !!!
If you know how the political game is played, why don't you play by the same rules?
Graham should retire along with McCain & McConnell. 3 washed up & feckless wastes of space! Not worried about healthcare! They're covered!
REPUBS WANT TO START THE DESTRUCTION OF MEDICARE, MEDICAID & SS TO GIVE UBER-RICH HUGE TAX CUTS, DO LIKE REAGAN & TRIPLE THE NAT'L DEBT.
Of course. GOP could increase it by 1 trillion and leftist would say same because they would want 2 trillion increase.
You're talking about  cutting medicaid, big difference.
Pretty sure that if such a thing ever happened, it also did not include massive tax cuts for the rich. #trumpcarekills
That's the first really intelligent comment I've heard from Lindsay Graham lately.
Stop the whining and do something!
Finally, Senator, you are seeing the light. Now stop being a Republi-Crat and get off of the fence. Re-Ball yourself and fight the Dems!
Mr. Graham, demo lost 1000 seats because the voter wants you to repeal Ocare. Cut the crap. Repeal it now and get out of the way.
If you take all the Medicate & Medicaid people out of Obamacare there would only be a few people left. Look at the numbers in Obamacare.
Just step over them and get it done!
I know!let's get the guy with zero money to pay for the guy with all the money? That's how greedy republicans actually think, not gonna work
No matter what there does not need to be huge tax breaks for the rich, sorry that's just common sense which republicans seem to be lacking!
Don't give this Soro's-paid goon the time of the day!
Slowing growth rate & outright rescinding it r two very different proposals.
We have no smart people in W'
@LindseyGrahamSC - oh c'mon, the proposal is gutting Medicaid, not slowing the growth rate!  Wow!
It does slow the growth of Medicaid. My god do any of you people ever read the damn bill before jumping to conclusions?
@LindseyGrahamSC   A difference between slowing the growth rate and killing program.
Didn't watch; somehow I doubt the words by @FoxNews
I don't trust Graham, McConnell or McCain they are part of the swamp!
What's the RealDeal about Medicade, Medicare? It's Vital for the PoorTrue NEEDY!! Elderly, Sick, Disabled, Children, etc.. StopTheRich,!
You are a joke!  It's not what you think!  The people first! Don't want you're idea!  Is this your way of helping the trump agenda!  Screw u
Any chance you can explain where the 45 billion for opioid addiction is going? To whom? Just more graft.
BooHoo 
Start asking the dems questions about saving money on healthcare and hidden taxes. Maybe they have some ideas on the dilemma.
That doesn't sound good.
National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) will be the best health care for Americans, GOP should rather proposed the NHIS
Imagine going through the DMV for health care. That's where we're headed if Obamacare stays.
Even if I agree with what this guy says, I'll still disagree with it because it's him
That's true intelligence.  Called "cutting off your nose to spite your face" in my day.
@LindseyGrahamSC You are smarter than this. You know all @tedcruz prop will do is allow insurers to charge more for less, raise deductibles
It's the implementation that we see. Overlooking that is plain stupid & citizens are NOT stupid. Only looking at end result is ignorant
How sad Democrats can't contribute.   Only obstruct.
Definitely a double-standard!
Disability shd be checked over & over.  Full of fraud.  Will help with Medicare costs.
so taking 800 billion in next decade away the elderly and poor is "slowing growth"?
It will kill people.
Lets do this .what you purpose for us you take it. Oh not good enough for you a__s_es.
And you said you would never eat radishes again! Shame on you Scarlet "Lindsey" Graham!
Numb nuts speaks !!!! Explaining how "we" are trying to kill people needs explanation. Bombs, guns, ovens and /or cars ? Organic food ????
Just repeal onummer care. The federal government has no business in our health care anyway.  I wonder how much has been spent to get us here
Here's a major source of Medicare/Medicaid fraud: Probate Court Industrial Complex

http://www.bostonbroadside.com/frontpage/part-4-lawyers-charged-with-fleecing-elder-marvin-siegel-out-of-millions-now-seek-to-get-his-daughter-disbarred/ …
When people come to expect something free, nations crumble under the pressure
"ACA was designed to lead to single payer health care"
Graham on fox...state run media channel...hires  promotes sexual predators. Trumps media channel falls right in line with russia. Yea graham
It sucks when winning means slowing down. It's the kind of compramise where Dems always win.
Either way I'm screwed because I live in California that wants single payer plan. I just want to be able to shop anywhere for plan I want!
Review how Medicare / Medicaid works. Adjusted it could work well for everyone. Research is your friend
If Washington controls your health, they control you! #DumpObamacare #LiveFreeOrDie
@evilkittycat56 
Goober has to go. S.C. You need to start fielding a candidate to oust this LOSER.
I've bought health ins for 40 years, more than paid my way, and now GOP wants to price me out of the market, how right is that?
We need to eliminate health insurance, contain drug costs, and hospital costs. Things have escalated since everything became for profit.
Dem's form of communism is there obomacare.Control the people,break them like biblical Egypt. Big government equals no rights for the people
Essentially the #Republican kill party would rather line their pockets and build more wall to be tunneled under, GREAT PLAN!
2000 CDC Biological and Chemical Weapons Strategic Plan.   Medicaid, Medicare, CDC, Army, FEMA, National Guard part Front line bioterrorism
Ppl who are on Medicare or medicaid are obviously on it for a reason, not necessarily because they want to be. But it's not as Rep care.
Worse healthcare, insurance more people die bioterrorism.  Spanish Flu killed millions.  Stanford Influenza Pandemic 1918
40% births Medicaid. http://www.CDC.gov  Maternal Mortality, Infant Mortality.
Improving prenatal care, postnatal care.  Reduce Maternal Mortality, Infant Mortality.  Reduce health care costs children, adults
Unpaid care up insurance.  Unpaid hospital care, insurance 1st article.  2nd article improving health care Veteran https://m.Facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154726992699151&id=688379150 …
Damn there is some decent GOP people thank you Lindsay for Being Human
For the few times I agree with him.
VA healthcare better under Clinton, Kenneth Kizer. Idiots Congress allowed VA healthcare get worse under Bush. 2014- Kizer Restoring VA NEJM
Idiots in Congress not understand one of main reasons high health care costs air pollution - Asthma children , heart/lung seniors, others
What he says today will change tomorrow...he blows with the wind!! @LindseyGrahamSC
Idiots in Congress not learn from Florence Nightingale - sanitation - Harvard Contagion
How about medical canabis ye twits denying a proven treatment is what's destroying people's lives...
Depends on how done.  Idiots do not understand difference.  Idiots are why Medical errors are 3rd leading cause death in USA.
You're trying to gut medicaid so what do you expect?
Lindsey Graham is an established Rhino & I'm sick of seeing him ...
If u took lobby  away they would leave they would make more money in their law practice their to get rich not do good for us
Well first thing I've heard from him that is true but you also need to tell how all the illegals get this program and you haven't stoped it
What?! Surely the Dems aren't such hypocrites to do such a thing! There must be a misunderstanding.
This isn't just the "ultimate Republican plan." This saves our ability to afford insurance based on personal needs.Graham's idea makes sense
Vote this idiot out.
Are you serious??? You cannot compare the IMMORAL BRCA to any dem proposal for Medicare or Medicaid. #BRCAkills
Yes Fox Can.They never tell the truth any anything
Why doesn't the federal government look into their exorbitant profits the medical organizations makes including in Insurance companies
Dems on the HUNT! THEY should lose their cushey Congressional health care & be impeached. Every obstructionist. They stay for the bennies.
I doubt you are trying to kill anyone. I think you believe that you know about healthcare.
What policy expert did you use to formulate plan?
Really that the best you got no mention of how you are murdering the wage earners in this country by putting the poor on their back 
Just like social security will collapse because the government can't leave a self paid
Social Security self paid program worked well until government got a hold of it have started meddling with it.
Now big government wants to get into Healthcare business, bad choice. It will be messed up like everything else.
Kill pre-existing conditions, all conditions will be allowed Insurance purchases across state lines. Grow HSA Policies
Stop listening to what they say and just do your job and live with the consequences. Have courage.
Law
Law is a system of rules that are created and enforced through social or governmental institutions to regulate behavior.
If America is first why are we funding free healthcare to non citizens it is a simple solution stop
AHIP & BCBS say the Cruz amendment is "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage."
Ironic how @SenJohnMcCain hospital stay is delaying vote to take away our care, while McCain & Congress keep ACA plan. @LindseyGrahamSC
Well, if the shoe fits.
Keep fighting against #BCRA. If it doesn't impact you now, it will impact you or someone you love later!
Keep fighting against #BCRA If it doesn't impact you now, it will impact you or someone you love later! 
Thanks to 8 yrs of Bush and killed economy and no jobs because of it. CANT AFFORD ANY INSURANCE! Americans know it.
Rep. We're neverfor the middle class and the poor. Middle class and Poor that don't have that don't have jobs or can't WORK.
Growth rate in -Care/-Caid is outlandish because you permitted American corporations to choose foreign slave labor over American workers.
Such real Christians. Jesus must be proud.
The Government needs to stay out of our health  care and our lives.  They screw up every thing they touch. Get lost Government.
Senate health care bill could harm #cancer patients and survivors. Urge your Senators to #VoteNo
Lies
Have the GOP stop copays this is charging people twice for the same service.  This is illegal.

.@SenatorCollins: GOP health care bill "could lead to insurance plans that really are barely insurance at all." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  

Protect your future! Medicare will be next on the chopping block!
#SaveACA
#VoteNoBRCA…
Finally a few words of common sense from Graham. Of course now Faux News will try to discredit his opinionsince it doesn’t follow far-right

This is seven-year-old Myka, who was born with a congenital heart defect. I’m fighting for children like Myka each and every day. #SaveACA 
Tell your Senators to vote NO on #BCRA & protect access to quality health care for people w/ #diabetes
Tell your senators to vote NO on #BCRA & protect access to quality health care for people w/ #diabetes. http://bit.ly/2tbnf1w 
@GrahamBlog Slowing is not the same as dismembering it, but you must know that! Who the hell do you work for Graham? Is it not the people?
He sounds like a "flat earther", the US can never get to health care for all citizens without single payer system
Dems only want what they want and like selfish children you are not allowed to want the same thing that they do.
Healthcare is UNAFFORDABLE because there's no competition, no pressure on Medical Industry to reduce or even maintain core costs.
Then Graham says...
ATTENTION!!! Here Graham says WE'RE TRYING TO KILL PEOPLE.
71% of the public favor a bipartisan effort to improve the ACA instead of GOP continuing repeal efforts. #VoteNo
71% of the public favor a bipartisan effort to improve the ACA, instead of GOP continuing repeal efforts @DrewAltman http://kaiserf.am/2toeNXQ 
Who is going to pay for all this freecare with more robots coming to
Now tell me he isn't a democrat sound like one to me
isnt he a legend in his own mind
Want to stay in your own home as you age? Medicaid cuts in the health care bill could make that much harder. #VoteNo
Want to stay in your own home as you age? Medicaid cuts in the health care bill could make that MUCH harder. http://www.aarp.org/ppi/info-2017/how-the-better-care-reconciliation-act-jeopardizes-medicaid-home-and-community-based-services.html …

#Ivanka #trump linked to #Chinese #factory that paid workers $62 a week. This is far from #maga @realDonaldTrump https://tinyurl.com/myn5lk3 
Like republicans are gonna kill, get real!
Single Payer only works with Federalized Hospitals...Imagine going to the DMV for a heart bypass... socialized medicine does not work.
You do nothing but slow down and buffer the Republican agenda that the people want, start getting on board, more action less talk!
@democrats #CNN it's ok for Dems 2 kill babies but all of a sudden they r concerned about phony stories that people will die! Unbelievable!!
@sengraham2016 We need a moratorium on ALL SUBSIDIES & Amend Constitution saying "must" have balanced budget or govt shuts down period!
None of you know much about what you speak
THE SOCIAL SECURITY QUESTION THAT SCARES THEM ALL 

That often come to the US for treatment.

Fox is worthless after Maria's show on Sundays!
Dems choose not to do their jobs & obstruct Trump. You Republicans seem like you CANT do your job. All of you need to be flushed down toilet
Believe the lack of action is frustrating people. Feel OUR Reps need to get off their TV highs and get to work Lots of talk & finger points?
This little guy just needs to go home.
I can't hardly stand looking at him, can't believe he is even a senator.
This whole debate shows their is no absolute right/left coalitions. Intelligent, spirited input from all sides produces the best results.
Republicans plan to end every social safety net program America has to give tax cuts to rich. The wealthy don't need them.
When did a sworn oath get tainted and twisted? Live by the oath of office, its that simple for all that "Respect" this simple agreement.
Is our government honoring their Oath Of Office?


BLOW YOUR WHISTLE! LOUD AND PROUD! WE HAVE PUT A RUSSIAN SURROGATE IN CHARGE OF OUR GOVERNMENT!
Slow growth of Medicare/Medicaid! Repeal Obamacare that will shrink Medicaid quick. Use programs for what they were intended not Obamacare
For America's sake Senate Repubs, just REPEAL ACA and fight about whose plan is better (Cruz, Graham, Rand, et al) in a separate bill!
Would rather he was in the Senate acting on behalf of Americans instead of hitting talking points. Actions do speak louder that words.
Obamacare is what kills people u naive simpleton
How come nobody is taking about the billions in fraud with ACA and Medicare and Medicaid. Big Problem.

Come on dude, you can do better than that!
What about Insurer and Big Pharma PRICE CAPS? What about deregulating FDA rules so companies can get things approved within reasonabletime?
Can't wait to they vote Graham out

Sounds good but can't give the money to the states they will piss it away then ask for more. States have massive fraud in healthcare
Did you forget the Medicare program is what people that worked put Into so they would have a retirement to eat and live. Medicaid is welfare
@LindseyGrahamSC Medicare is not the problem! Medicaid is the problem. You Congress give money out like candy! Big problem!!!
@POTUS Could b telling us where pot of gold is I wouldnt listen bc I despise u Graham Ur traitor who wont shut up U think any 1 listens to u
Go ahead and kill me that way you could you save a few  bucks
Death Panels, I thought you guy were against those....guess not.
If democrats are so concerned about helping America's poor.........why did they BLOW $4 TRILLION DOLLARS IN THE MIDDLE EAST..hum
Dems like Pochohantas concern themselves with Americans "dying" if Obamacare replaced yet don't care if Planned Parenthood kills babies.
 Governors, Medical Professionals & citizens oppose this. We're done here.
I don't.  Please don't speak for me or others like me.

Exactly what converted me to the left within the past couple of years.
@MariaBartiromo Moore: Why the Cruz amendment is so smart @CNN
Graham should just change to a demosocialist because that's what he is. Anti trump from the beginning.Needs to be replaced by a conservative
Trump ISNT a conservative he is a Trump. Not a fan of Graham BUT at least he stands for something
