Just did my bit from the UK, every little helps! God bless!
We are so fortunate that people from other countries are willing to help us. We have been lousy neighbors & grateful for others' kindness.
Glad I could help, only wish I could do more.
Don't have money to donate but I just dropped off $5000 worth of food from my restaurant to a shelter in Sugarland #HoustonStrong
Also if anybody needs them I have about 24 brand new pillows to donate somewhere. #HoustonStrong
Take them to a fire station so they can distribute
Oh good call! Thanks
Nice
Ytuîi
Get off your wallet @nflcommish
If 100M Americans (less than 1/3 of pop) donate at least $10/each...that's $1B in aid
And if millionaire football players matched that billion if would be even greater.
I sent a tweet to Bengals owner Mike Brown asking if he would match the $1M donation the Titans owners made...but not holding my breathe 
Where is it going through .. local #SanDiego non profit @IRTeams = medicine, food, assistance & rebuilding for flood and disaster victims!
What his videos and you know.  It is going to the victims.  And victims alone!
@realDonaldTrump any chance you'd match these funds w/ pers $. Imagine if every member of congress gave too!
i think he did give a million
Yeah, saw the article about that today. My tweet was from midday yesterday.
Thank you
@JJWatt my daughter's having a 15 /16 double party 2mrw after Harvey I didn't think we were gonna make it.We live in Bear creek village#Come
My Nurse Manager, Nikki Reed lost her house and car.  She is a single mom of a 12 y/o girl. She works at West Houston MedCen. Needs help!
went 2 HomeDepot 2 buy supplies 2 help others.asked 4 discount they said no. told them u donated all this money, still no
God blessed you bro
if you hit 8 million I will officially retire the "uhh...hey JJ" jokes. #motivation @PardonMyTake
I love you JJ u r the best !!
NFL Walter Payton MOY
Pray for florida
Bless You & ALL of your help.
God Bless you!
Awesome!! 
There are abt 100M US households outside Harvey impact connected to the internet. If everyone gave $1 to JJF to help #dontquit #longroad
Never thought I'd see the day you supported JJ Watt!?
Why can't we come together and fight homelessness like this also?....
Props! 
You are a true hero.And an athlete you inspires all kids!BRAVO
There aren't many athletes to emulate nowadays. However Mr. Watt you exemplify what a hero and good man you are. Wish you were a Giant.
That is so Awesome!!
Wtg!
Thank you for helping Houston! I'm American proud!!
nice
Donated
All of you overpaid athletes could each donate 1 million instead of asking hard working Americans to scrape and budget to help it'd be great
NFL ought to donate 50 million to help. They can afford it. They're making over 1 billion dollars by letting teams abandon their cities.
How much has the @NFL and @nflcommish donated to date?
Why not ask all the big sports companies  like Nike and addiss  too pitch in and help just saying.
Go bruddah
Yeah
#texasstong

Well done!
Thank you so much #Houston #Strong #sticktogether #onelove
Uhhh hey jj....nice job man.
Atta boy!  You are a good man sir!
That is amazing!!!!
Made the Heavenly Father hold you and bless you my brother!!
Tribute by singer songwriter Brandon Smith. Touches the heart.
How wonderful. You are the best - no knees for you when they are playing the national anthem.
We love you @JJWatt #HurricaneHarveyRelief
Amazing grace!
What is how much @JoelOsteen makes off of the poor each month?
Yes but only for Houston?  Many other people need it as well.  Like Chambers County!
Shut up Jen
You don't even live here and have no damn clue what we've been through
WOOOOOW
JJ  you are a true hero-and have a Heart the size of our great State of Texas! God bless you!!
Help some lost understand some Truth man.....
Hi there!  Can you please share this.  Even if you can't donate please share.
https://www.gofundme.com/4d1onaw 
Cuz u rawk!
https://twitter.com/thisisbryyy_/status/902960871286157329 …
I wish Bill gates and otheres like warren Buffett could donate maybe they do. Great going JJ Watt. I don't have much I am sending some too.
How much did trump donate.
Politics aside.  It's a fair question.

Sooo amazing!!!!
The site down  I know that's good and yet bad
We are lucky to have you. Houston's newest favorite son!!! #HurricaneHarveyRelief
Put it all on black
 you
@JJWatt  love you and your heart.    #HeroesOfHarvey #HoustonStrong #HurricaneHarveyRelief #Hurr #HurricaneHarvy
You're going to make it!!  God bless you for all you're doing to help!
Thanks JJ.
Thanks for all u r doing JJ. the other thing is pet supplies and Pet Food. shelters are in need if you could add for all of our fur babies
We heart you JJ.  JJ is going to heaven.... Joel O. hhmmmm..... Houston might have to ask the Lord to open the gates ....

I'm now a JJ WATT fan for life!!!
Impressive, great work 
God bless yea JJ.   Keep up fantastic work.. This comeing from jaguar fan. Lol
Awesome
You kick ass JJ!
@dallascowboys @realDonaldTrump
Can you send some of that to my bank account
THank u so much
How much has Trump Foundation donated?
Waaatt.... time... is it? 
Game time!!!
Awesome work
You're a Good man JJ.. 
THANK YOU BRO 
JUST a little more than Trump's gave : 0
Great work #gooddude #theman
Just saw it hit $10Mil
J.J.  Watt thanks for your help.
My family is Beaumont and Houston.  I live in Dallas and we can't even get there to help.  Praying!
are they ok? Are you in contact with them?
Yes my sister went to check on our parents, they don't want to leave.  No running water, but they have lights.
I pray all this money is really used to help the real folks in need!
Yes.......JJWatt you are a true hero for doing this for us
Donating through your organization.  Many donations sites are not trustworthy. Nice to know  100% goes to help people in Texas. God bless.

Uhhhh heyyyy JJ, that's pretty awesome 

Spend wisely please. The poor first! The middle and nothing for the ones punishing the sufferers. Good job now go play sum ball.
Despite what watching the media would lead you to believe; this country is fucking awesome and so are the people in it. God bless America
Over 10 now
congratulation s JJ love ya man !!!
Great job JJ
JJ Watt you are the freaking man...God Bless you brother for helping those people in Texas that are going through such an awful tragedy!!!
USA United we have the biggest Hart  thank you all! Let's keep helping! 
Please help.
Way to go!   Thank you for doing this.
Great job!  Please everyone be aware this could happen all over again next week. 
Can someone rescue me I'm trying to get to Dallas Texas please help me my name is Adriana Wesley
I'm in Beaumont Texas I lived in Houston Texas I made it to Beaumont no Transportation can't
Give it to anyone but Red Cross ...
@JJWatt how do I donate to the cause to help Hurricane Harvey victims. I don't have millions but I have to do something.
I am a life long @MiamiDolphins Fan & now I will be a JJ WATT FAN 4 Life! You've broken down Kindness for the  to understand
Thank you for all you've doing to help Houston!
that's great I hope the money actually goes to the victims.
Thank you JJ!
Thanks JJ wattage 
Thank you!!!
That is amazing!!!  Way to go JJ!!!
Thank you JJ Watt
You're a freaking Hero 
Extremely Impressive
Watching @JoelOsteen
Thank you from this Houstonian!!!
Now over &10million. keep going!!'  we love you!!
No words. Incredible.
outstanding effort
you are aware wgen wealthy people give they use that as a tax write off that the middle-class has to pay for again. #golfclap
JJ, time to up the ante!
Wow!!!! Very nice!! You are who we need to sit in the WH and lead this country! #JJWatt4POTUS 
Let me get a thousand then #HurricaneHarveyRelief shouldn't be nothing to help a brother 
Over $10 million now!!! Whoot whoot!!! Great job J.J.!!!
Awrsome!
Heck yeah bro
Proud to be a JJWATT donor. You're a good man doing a good thing.
@LisaN81 Love you JJ WATTS
wow !!!! sooooooo amazing!

You my friend are a true person for man of the Year. You always keep being you.
JJ WATT. BEAUMONT HAS ZERO WATER!
Donate water for Beaumont@ Frost Bank 5208 Broadway St Pearland, TX 77581.Sending water @ 3 or 4 to Beaumont Civic Center.
I gave Atlanta strong
Your awesome JJ
Thank u J!!!
Outstanding leadership and stewardship, @JJWatt  You've set a great example for @NFL to follow! 
It's great to see a great athlete & Hero stand up instead of kneel down #realHeroesdontwearCapes
What is the link to give?
Just set the goal for $10 Million!
@nicekicks Keep It Coming People #HoustonStrong 
JJ, is this a tax deductible contribution and do you receive a receipt for tax purposes? Just want to know.  I will give generously if so!
Thanks @J.J
#POWERWATTAGE
and all of the 
#WeDemBoys
from Texas stadium
YOU ROCK J.J.
HOUSTON IS LUCKY TO HAVE YOU!
Also collecting donations for Hurricane Harvey, specifically for the towns of Rockport, Aransas Pass, Victoria.
JJ Watt for President!!
You are the man.
Port Arthur, Orange, Beaumont etc needs help too!
Thank you!   You are a true blessing and a great man!
Thank you @JJWatt for leading this effort. Happy to give and share.

Thank you for your efforts in supporting your fellow Houstonians. I have long enjoyed your personality and appreciate your efforts here. 
Thank you JJ!
Golden triangle got hit hard to they need donations as well.
What a hero JJ, helping Houston and Texas! You stand tall in my  book! God Bless You!
The Elita Golden State Black employee frame job  - Kevin PerelmanTarget com
Hello beAumont has no potable water 
Please start sending it
Who's bank is this money sitting in ?
Good man JJ! Thanks for using your celebrity for a good cause.
I don't like football, but I just love JJ Watt (and his mom).
Good job brother! Keep going
You make us proud man!!! We love you in Alabama!!!
You are phenomenal!
What you are doing is amazing. As a football fan I feel so happy and you've got my donation 
I am a NYG fan and now a proud JJ Watt fan. Pray for Houston.
It's fascinating what you do and how well your profilepic fits to this Tweet. Keep it up. All the best.
JJ u r AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
More then happy to donate to those great people of the state of Texas So many real Hero's there stay strong
You are awesome

God bless you @JJWatt
So does that save the money for the wall? Asking for a friend.
That is so awesome
@JJWatt jj I want to personally thank you for having a big heart. I have a favor to ask I want to see the Steelers game watt vs watt please
Just made my donation from Indiana. #HelpforHouston #houstonstong
Way to go jj ur such an amazing person ur a true representation of a hero so proud of u and everyone who has helped #TexasStrong
We believe in your ability to transcend your job in order to do real good. Thanks for sharing your idea and vision. We're here to help.
Outstanding work JJ
Wonderful news! America's really banding together to help Texas! #PrayForTexas #HurricaneHarvey
Respect 
Now over $9 MILLION
Texas strong . Thanks you JJ
Hi
Wow!!!!!
Luv y'all!! Hope y'all r ok!!
