
BREAKING: The entire damn Trump White House exposed secrets through the use of private devices and emails. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/29/white-house-private-email-nsa-warning-243324 …
SEND PUERTO RICO  A LOT MORE HELP.  Maria-ravaged Puerto Rico still struggling to provide health care to residents
R's TAX CUT PLAN (10yr) = 1.5 years federal budget.   80% of tax cuts go to Wealthy and Corp.  WOur taxes go up.
Only one thing trickles down...and it ain't money for the Middle Class. Take a leak on each other instead of hard working Americans.
You mean "fairer" for you and your greed
Tax cuts have never created higher wages. Trickle down is a cover story for corporate welfare. Stop redistributing wealth to the rich.
Hey guys, We all know that you are lying. STOP.
Corporations pay 12.6% effective tax rate (after loop holes), the lowest in the world
When is corrupt @gop going to hold @POTUS and swamp monsters accountable to American people1MIL TAX DOLLARS WASTED BY PRICE
That's a load of crap.  Why do you think people can't figure out when you're feeding them crap?  You're rich...we're NOT.
R's are ok with this .Trump/Ryan/GOP have to cut costs to offset lost revenue from $5T TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES  -
This is just nonsense. You're giving a tax break to Trump
Of this could be the result.  

Robbers of the American dream~the GOP has succeeded in destroying our education system creating a gullible electorate threatening democracy
Corrupt liars. Your proposal is just more trickle down Reaganomics making rich & corporations richer.
Remember how Sen. Hatch changed the rules of the Finance Committee to get Price confirmed? They knew he was unethical—didn't care.
To charter more planes. Just more BS.
Just exactly is your tax reform going to create more jobs, fairer taxes & bigger paychecks. There isn't even a Bill. This is just propaganda
It's not a framework - Ppl get few bucks-less than $100 a month. 50-175K earners get &wealthy &Corps get BILLION$ -it's highway robbery.
Trump have a school for bad liars. The only increase on a paycheck will be higher taxes to make up for the ones that will pay no taxes. Rich
Any of you working on the chips program runs out tomorrow. America would like their children to have health care
How about we hear Senate Republicans speak out about the incredible corruption we are all seeing in Trump's cabinet? 11/6/18! Bye.
Sounds like a bunch of BS to me. #ChangesIn2018 #EveryoneInDCHasToBeReplaced
Look no further than Debbie Schultz & IT family AWAN suggest you look into IT addresses channeled through Pakistan as fake Russians
For whom? Those who only have a concept of entitlement? (The rich if you couldn't figure that out ) . Try again.  Think about the average person first.
Hey what about CHIP?  Kids need it!
People are dying. Can't you suspend your self serving agenda long enough to help PR?
Don't pat yourselves on ur backs. You lied about ocare repeal for 7 years, time to replace you
Why you lie?  Did your mother not wash YOUR mouth out with soap when she caught you doing it?
#TaxReform can wait - - FOREVER if need be...
Bet you hate the president tweets, way more Americans watching and catching y'all in lies.
B.S.
"Only the highest earners will have to navigate through itemized deductions — the many existing credits and deductions that overwhelmingly favor high-income earners will be eliminated or reduced." Leaving only huge loopholes.
 Just stop. We know your scam.
Bigger paychecks for whom?
That's what you are claiming. The rich still get soaked. They create jobs.


What criteria is being used, and by whom, to determine what "fairer" is, and to whom? Define "fairer". This seems similar to ACA. @cspanwj

NOTHING BUT BIG TAX BREAKS FOR TRUMP AND THE REST OF THE 1%ER CRONIES! LIES LIES LIES! YOU JUST WANT TO DESTROY THE MIDDLE CLASS! LIES!
sen Hatch is willfully ignorant or LYING TO AMERICANS. I think he’s a liar! 80% tax breaks for the top 1%
REPEAL personal income tax REPLACE with Ad Valorem tax that is included in the price of goods.  That way everyone pays some tax. #MAGA @GOP
Hatch still very much in line for POTUS once Trump, Pence, and Ryan are indicted.

Best guess Q1 2018.
Nope, just more failed fascism. what does Reagan's top adviser have to say?
Top Reagan adviser: "The entire Republican theory of tax cuts & #taxreform is just complete & total hogwash as far as growth is concerned." 
Bigger pay checks for the 1%
What is the GOP doing to get more manpower and machinery in Puerto Rico?? Why did they confirm Price?? His fraud was KNOWN.

No tax cuts for the 1%, or a tax holiday for money parked overseas.

Did you forget about our debt at over $20 Trillion?

Stop lying to us !
For the 1%. Good luck justifying this to your populist base.
Bigger paychecks for billionaires
