Terribly sad day in London and in the US. But why have you said nothing about #TimothyCaughman being killed by a terrorist?
A great American was killed in NYC by a radical white supremacist terrorist, but you won't mention that. I wonder why?
ARE YOU KIDDING? 5 people died! But yes let's single them out based on nationality!
Oh, so the teacher, the police officer, and 75 yr old man that were murdered don't count? You're SICK! #PrayersForLondon
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
what about Timothy Caughman?
What about the other innocent victims? Oh right, only Americans matter to you. #killthebill
@DorH84607784 You are turning out to be an EXCELLENT President. Glad I voted for you. 
America 1st is what I  LOVE!!!
@Alecmecox NATO Deport all family members of terrorist strip citizenship this is will be effective
The Democratic's believe the constitution is a document to be twisted to fit their corrupt ideology
What about the American murdered in Times Square by a domestic terrorist (& white supremacist)? Any thoughts & prayers for him?
liberals mad about this tweet, they are so dumb. Its customary for nations to recognize when their own citizens are killed
It was meant to be I guess Karma finally hit him huh?
i really don't likeU and many people dont like you
bet if the guy was a colored man, Muslim etc you wouldn't have tweeted.
what about #TimothyCaughman ? also a great American Killed in the NYC terror attack.
@GoodDogLouie empty Donald, get off Twitter, try some honesty and sincerity for once. A dose of humility would do you good.
, A great American, Timothy Caughman, was killed earlier this week in a terrorist attack in New York City. Notice?
how about Timothy Caughman? Where are your condolences to his family?
#MissingDCGirls what if it was your daughter
Kurt was my friend.
May he rest in Gods hands
Mr. Trump, we Americans are 100% behind u in ur efforts 2 take down the pedos. Demonstration @ Lafayette Park tomorrow 11am
@notiro03 prayers to his family...may he RIP
Remember @realDonaldTrump it's not terror, according to Sadiq Khan it's an "incident" - and according to PM May nothing to do with islam...
Timothy Caughman, another American, was also killed same day by terrorist attack in NYC. Prayers and condolences 2 his family and friends.
as if you care. At all.
Donald, you might want to follow @BritainFirstSPA . #MAGA #BREXIT
Yup, just one human being matters. You are taking this America First thing quite literally.
hmm 1st tweet of u .. look like good
What about the black man killed by the white supremacist in NYC, your hometown? Any mention of him? <crickets>
what about Timothy Caughman who was killed by a domestic terrorist?
@sweetatertot2 amen we pray that God will bring justice to all our brothers and sisters that have being killed by Islam !
For your info #PresidentTrump Aso murdered were PC Keith Palmer, Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old British mother; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes.
narcissistic scumbag degenerate
I guess we're just picking and choosing who we offer condolences to? Based on nationality? Skin color? Religion? Politics?
and where's the mention of terrorist attacks on your home soil?!  Or are they Presidentially endorsed? #RIPTimothyCaughman
So, the others don't count??  WTF is wrong with you??
what about the other people who were brutally taken away from us?
what about everyone else that died and was harmed?  All the people of London, the U.K., people who are our close allies
b
Why not school your son on some manners?
We too and we pray for him as to go on holiday and end up dead is a nighmare
what about the other people that died?
you're so shallow minded!! British people died too! The world doesn't evolve around America. I bet he didn't vote for you.
@notiro03 such an unfortunate incident!
very sad
What about #TimothyCaughman? His murder took place in NYC. It was an act of terror!
Why don't you mention the killing of a black man in NY Wednesday by a white racist, HATE CRIME caused by YOUR hate speech.
Y don't U care about those dealing w/weather & fire disasters HERE? U don't mention or visit or extend funds 2 recover!! Y?
shabi
#TimothyCaughman was  murdered by a white supremacist. Why haven't you eulogized him ?!?!?!??
beautiful mention to the many killed/injured 
Uh, you've paid the Kremlin to assassinate Ukrainian citizens #TrumpOil #TrumpRussia #TrumpCare #ForeignCorruptPracticesAct
your son tweet was distasteful, childish and disgraceful. Again Trump Family embarass America
PEOPLE GIVE THE NEW PRESIDENT A FIN CHANCE
@Olcracker  the replies to this are priceless!!
Europe let them flood into their countries !A man and his wife celebrated anniversary now he is dead b/c radical Islam !!!
#LondonAlwaysRises
OUR CHILDREN ARE DYING RIGHT HERE ....WHEN DO YOU TALK ABOUT THAT
- Still no word about the terror attack in NY? Can you even say "radical white surpremicist terrorism? Just say the words!
These Left Wing Parasites ... They really know nothing do they... Just keep believing in lies and living in your fantasy worlds.
I hope you wrote a letter or made a phone call to the family of Kurt Cochran.  Not everyone has Twitter and it's very impersonal.
المتوفي صديقي و الرمز السري حق لعبه اسمي حزنت عليه حيل
why do you even try... 5 people died not just one great American.
had written Luigi Grub
no taking gods name in vain
using a man's death to further your interests? Shame
IF I die in some attack - I DO NOT want Trump to 'talk about me' - keep his mouth shut - ick.
. @realDonaldTrump Problem
No sympathy for the non Americans, one a member of law enforcement & that my friends is our President, what a decent human
RIP Kurt Cobain
you dont mean anything that comes out of your mouth
you don't care who already you trying to kid?
only care about the Americans?
how's he doing ?

“Kenneth I. Juster will serve as Deputy Assistant to the President for International Economic Affairs.
gee, have any OTHER AMERICANS been killed by terrorist racist acts???
like
Hey, #DishonestDon, what about the great American killed in NYC by a less-great, racist American? #Racism much?
what about Timothy Coughman who was murdered by a terrorist in NYC? Doesn't he deserve condolences too???
your prayers all u worship is $$ at the alter of Bannon. TRAITOR TREASON IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH
You are only praying for the American? SAD!
he was the only one? Why can't your "prayers and condolences" extend to all victims despite nationality?
#missingdcgirls
there American too
what about the missing girls in D.C.
praying for his family
Can you speak on why over a dozen black girls have gone missing right outside your door in DC & nothing's being done ? Is the @FBI too busy?
you are the head of the country. You speak for us, your lack of respect and compassion for others injured, shows your lack of character.
...but what about other victims...
so what about everyone else?! You have NO RIGHT.
A great American,Timothy Caughman, was killed by a white terrorist. He was killed in NY on US soil yet you say nothing.
My apologies to the American people for our weak leader who won't rid us of the Muslim death cult that killed Kurt Cochran
Talk about how he cares so much about Americans
Works for Russia
#TrumpLogic
#AntiAmerican
Shocking you have not bothered to acknowledge the white supremacist neo nazi #terroristattack in NY killing @timrock715!
and the rest of the ones who died???
sorry, I can't take you seriously, now, because you're such a screwup.
but what about everyone else who died or was hurt?
You are part of the problem, sir.
Uh...I don't believe you pray or care for anyone but yourself.It is evident
morre
May God Bless his journey home, and show His Mercy on his family and friends. Your death is not in vane.
Jesus Christ, you are so f_cking petty.
what made Kurt a great American? No shade just curious.
basicHealthcare equal all 50states all ctzns/legal residents pd.by exclusive fed. NHS tax;corps+rich can buy insur "frills"
against terrorism take a strict step in the all world
okay now what about the other Americans you know, latinos, Mexican, hispanic we are all in America.
what if he'd died at home thanks to your new bullshit Healthcare law, would you care then?!??
you didn't know him, and wouldn't have cared if he died at home and the story wasn't a PR moment. Fake sympathy!!!
@TomiLahren I wonder if the missing girls in DC were white would you then tweet about it?
Tomi has been fired ..
she still has a following and she can still bring awareness
now Tomi has implied all pro-life conservatives are hypocritical. She has the depth Kardashian
 its funny because its sad. I guess she's trying to find herself 
I fear she is just after fame > She has deeply hurt people w some of what she said.
yes she has. Now she has time to reflect on that
I don't agree with riots & looting & violence of BLM.  but I agree there is police abuse
bro seriously why are you hating on him on a condolences post
@Jez_57 U.K. Politicians are more concerned with how the Muslim communities must feel due to possible backlash
What about the domestic terror attacked perpetrated by your constituents. Why are you not addressing the hate you've caused
Excellent point. The majority of death & injuries from terrorism in the US are caused by homegrown terrorists
Exactly. And there has been a slight uptick in such occurrences  since his inauguration.

A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family a...
Condolences to each and every one.  Needless sorrow. Bless you
i'll pray for you too! god bless
They asked for privacy and you tweet his name. Need I say more?
Every Tim I read this I think he says Kurt kobain
結びやなそれは。
You just suck
That is sad 
no he was not.

@crehage constantly  on @POTUS tweets. To do so on one expressing sorrow for a tragic death, esp. on a post which his wife will read, wow 
Apparently any dead American is a great American to Drumph!
Kurt Cobain?!?!?    I thought he died a while back though.  Your are right - great American!
but did not send any condolences to all the other victims
He was killed by Islamists ,you are now supporting in Syria.
My condolences over the loss of your good friend. Get the bastards before they get us!
What about the American who was killed in a terror attack in NY by a white supremacist?
Who?
Let's not mention anyone else killed or injured Just resign
get real Donald you have probably never prayed a day in your life after all you don't recognize anyone as your superior
What about Timothy Caughman?
Um. You left out quite a few people. As usual.  Smh.
What about Timothy Caughman murdered by a white terrorist?
what about Timothy Caughman killed by a white supremacist.  Home Grown Terrorist #RemeberTimothyCaughman
This is terrible news. If only we could acknowledge everyone involved in a tragic death, such as one recent victim of domestic terrorism.
why can't you say the same for Caughman (a blackam)...why can't you condemn Jackson, a white man? Terrorism closer to home!
President Donald Trump look at my Facebook page and website http://frankthesinger.com  I'm a singer I can sing at White House
President Donald Trump never give in to the left wing media and congress there left wing liberals and socialist losers
#TrumptraintoRussia
Thank you for acknowledging. I am from Utah but don't him.  This terror attack feels close to home and it's scary.  This should not happen.
You killed a US citizen who was only a child in the Yemen raid you claim was a success.   Where are her prayers?
If he was a "great American", I bet he did not vote for you. #AmericaFirst #MAGAbyImpeachingTrump #Trumputin
....just FYI...on another subject...Sean Spicer is incredible....one of your VERY BEST CHOICES!  /s/ a devoted Trumpster
condolences of the international community .we should reinforce fight against terrorism.God bless the entire world
My condolences to Cochran's family. When will you tweet about Timothy Caughman's murder by a white supremacist? #Timothy
what's a Marta, the malignant narcissist can't take it
@BuckCope1975 what about they guy that was killed in New York by the White Supremacist terrorist?
wow you can say something nice. Whilst my toes are up your ass.
I look forward to reading your tweets..  You make my President look good
think's
- Krochan probably was the terrorist.
Get those celebrities & the #MSM to leave America & then we'll talk, but seriously your words are baloney
What about the GREAT AMERICAN that was killed in NY by a white man because he hated black people? 
my faith was killed the day you were elected.
Will you send a similar tweed about American, Timothy Caughman, killed by a white supremacist terrorist?
five people died.. but yes let's go and only send condolences to one of them due to their nationality...
overdue
A great American, Timothy Caughman, was killed in the NY terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family etc
Those who harass you over this tweet obviously don't mind terror attacks. That's also why they want more Muslim refugees.
visit UK
LOL you pray? you're an atheist who makes us atheists look bad. your favorite bible passage is? lying about your faith!
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN  http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/29/politics/when-called-terror-timothy-caughman-murder/index.html …
Saddest story of all as they were celebrating their 25th anniversay! :( :( :(
Thank You for all you do for this Country. You are truly a great president!! We've got your back.
We send them our Condolences to the family also
you don't care so stop it
How many have you killed in Yemen today?
aha. Nothing about the ones killed at home. Different color I guess as that is what you are about.
the crazy thing is no other victims are important because not America
OMG, wasn't it bad enough that Kurt Cobain killed himself already?

Here's the real story: Please vote and retweet so we can find a est average so obama can be served the debt bill  https://twitter.com/edgecrusher23/status/846861573738151936 …
@TomiLahren other people died too...
