He is a leader for when can't get bills signed (no R pres), he clearly doesn't know how to lead when he can actually accomp big agenda items
Senator hatch the Bundys need your help talk to Trump the Hammonds need help to
How come the Mad King hasn't attacked you yet?
I'll take Bob Dole and Trent Lott back 
Thank You
And I was just starting to think I had perhaps misjudged you.
Liar his accomplishments of late? 18% approval rate in his home state? Back stabs POTUS? That is who u support? #DrainTheSwamp
Why are you retweeting this?
Wine don't!
That's hilarious!  McConnell and his obstruction is what is wrong with the Senate!  He is another corporate lacky and will go down w/ Trump
@senorrinhatch After today, you support Trump or you don't. Make it clear where you stand. No hedging this time. Are you with him or not?
But we need to see the repeal and replace completed soon.
You also fully supported and continue to fully support trump. Utah will never forget that.
If he is the best we have the republican are on their way out.  Could not pass after 7 y
Sen hatch age 85 vouches for youngster McConnell age 75 who thinks 7 years is not enough time to repeal and replace legislation. #termlimts
Well @senorrinhatch ~ you just LOST our support!! :(
GO @POTUS  #MAGA
you would, you both need to go!!
I ask you Senator Hatch just who has Senator McConnell been a good
leader for?Definitely not for us American Citizens. He's about his agenda
WE KNOW WHAT U ALL R GOOD AT IS WORK OUT UR OWN DEALS MITCH GOT $13.5M 4 LAST BAD BUDGET DEAL& RYAN $5M STOP IT
PROBLEM U THINK U R RIGHT  ABOUT EVERYTHING U R WRONG WHY "WE THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA" ELECTED ONE NOT OF U ALL
- get the job done Senator - the republicans have been saying for 7 yrs - repeal and replace - do it!
And what does he do besides talk
You support him for failing and justifying it? You don't have to live with O care. Get back to work.
That's a joke right? Get it together guys. Trumps not perfect but he got you a majority. Boldly stand with him.
He won the electoral college NOT the majority of the voters. Boldy stand against him!
He won the election. Get over it! Founding fathers were apparently pretty smart. Stop being an obstacle. Work with him. We support him.
What has the Republican led Senate accomplished in the last 7 years?
If 'Best' = crooked, corrupt, racist
Truly sad that y'all provided plenty of support for Obama & your Progressive Dem tovarisch yet can't support the people that put you in DC!
What a joke he is and you are for saying this
You have a very short memory, senator.
From another career politician who dnc abt am people
Build wall
Repeal aca
Lower taxes
A bunch of old jackasses got rich& u want Mitch- no
We dont like u either!!
GOP est does zip except get rich w donor $$ 4 favors
We want u all out
WE STAND W POTUS
DO SOMETHING NOW
or stepDown
He looks tired, probably from defending Maj Ldr!
Here is your cash payment for all that support, now go sit back down and drool.
You're all failures, and anyone that clings to Mitch will go down with the Ditch Mitch Ship. Have a nice drown.
Really, it's like the opposite of Sophie's choice.
After that ringing endorsement from old white dudes...
Sure until Trump picks on you
You haven't done your job in yrs!! Impeach Trump!! Install Term Limits!! Enforce nepotism laws! ! Then Retire!!!!
And after eight or nine decades in the senate, you've seen a lot!
You're a shameful Senator- I'm embarrassed to belong to your faith- you should be excommunicated, plain and simple...
Come now, he is as worthless as you are. I voted for you in the past, but you, like the other RINO's are useless. No Socialism Light RINO's.
Not so!  Time for you both to retire to your condos in Boca!
GOP investigated Benghazi for the loss of four diplomat lives. But there was Trump saying screw the 700 diplomats in Russia.
This statement is pure unadulterated bullshit but glad to see you guys are finally coming together against @POTUS 
BTW McConnell is a pig 
Well, that's really not saying much.
American people are sick of you. Trump is right. Get to work! If you can't do the job someone else will.
Rite just like U R such a great senator who lives up to his campaign promises. Both should leave!
when was the last time the gop had a senate majority leader? along time.
Trent Lott was Majority Leader during GW's administration.
Of course you do.
Very well may be true, but also truth in @POTUS tweets about Sen. McConnell. The ball was dropped. @POTUS isn't only one frustrated.
Why don't you retire and take turtle man with you? Talk about over staying your welcome, please go!
You are a dinosaur too. Retire Hatch
Looks like you both need to go.
Disgusting!! McConnell is part of the RINOS & in it for the money-not for the American voter.
If he is the best you've got the GOP and the country are in big trouble.
you and Mitch are failing. If that is the best there is, then the Republicans need to go. You first.
When are you going to do health care and tax reform?
Natch U and Ur ilk in senate are defending Mitch. All old fart pols are beginning to mold and stink.RETIRE.
They are eating each other alive. Fascinating.
Took #Russian $$$ for political donations. Violated the Constitution for refusing Garland vote. But, sure, he's great otherwise.
Yes, the swamp creatures all love each other.
Great senator hatch...buckle up. The trump fire n fury show is coming for you via Twitter I'm sure..sad
Another member of the do nothing Congress. Willing to side with Democrats rather than the American people that elected him to do his job
What about Trump? Where does he rank for you as far as presidents go?
TERM LIMITS now!!!!
Reason 1001 why you should keep your promise to Utah and retire.
Nope. If you dont do yr job, we the ppl who hire u, will fire u. We the ppl write the check paying yr salary. If you dont perform, u r out
If Repub Party to survive, you need to come together and stand up to Trump who is head of Trump Party ... not Repub Party
Hahaha; best leader in the senate in your time in the senate????? Ted Kennedy
Oh please... he's as corrupt and self serving as the president.
Wow, are you kidding me! You all are some double talking do nothing liars
Seriously????!!!!!? Bob Dole? I could go point for point. Bob Dole kicks Mitch's ass and @SenMajLdr would be the first to say so.
Congress and the Public http://www.gallup.com/poll/1600/Congress-Public.aspx?utm_source=twitterbutton&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=sharing …
It's like an owner of sports team, giving that vote of confidence to a coach. Bye bye Mitch.
Has Been, is the key word. U can rally around him all u want.
We the people don't support you or him. Do your job and pass legislation you promised.
McConnell is a do-nothing traitor! U GOP clowns spent 7 years being rubber stamps for Obama and Sleazy Reid!  Traitor!
You're so full of crap! U guys had 7 yrs to repeal Ocare, but u did nothing! How abt U Senators lose UR health Insrance and use Ocare instd?
then it's time for both of you to resign. You've made promises for YEARS just to get elected to keep status quo
I think this is the same game @realDonaldTrump played with Sessions. Nothing...Nothing that comes from this W.H. is credible.
Inane & Cruel
Yep. Those "tough times" after the Dems lost the majority but were still able to keep their agenda / priorities funded. Brilliant leadership
@jaketapper @SenateMajLdr Stand for the American people not just your party. Trump family making millions off of Presidency.
Well he's better than Harry Reid that's for damn sure!
God Bless you. You're a gentleman & a scholar, but I don't  share your praise of M.Mc. He has always preferred HRC for obvious reasons. NO!!
Good week not to angle bite or snipe at @POTUS .  Senate taking power to negotiate sanctions from President so wrong.
Wow...then you are just as terrible as McConnell.  Both of you should resign along with Donny.
With that statement, the leadership and expectations bar is set really low.
*Are set
Can you please act to remove Trump before he gets us all killed, or even just the good people of Guam?
Lol. Turtle sucks!
If he's an example of "the best". There's truly a disconnect with reality going on
And yet you also support the president unconditionally. A bit of a pickle, no?
You are entitled to your opinion sir but #WeThePeople have heard congress speak #RepealAndReplace for 7 years. We expect results #DoNothing
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #impeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
McConnell is only the best if you support divisiveness & partisonship.
The fact remains the republicans had YEARS TO COME UP WITH A PLAN. What we actually got was excuses. You guys suck.
Easy for you to say because hes your buddy but hes done nothing but enable this maniac president.
No he hasn't and no matter how much spin or embellishment you put on this. Y'all have accomplished nothing to help the middle class.
#ImWithTrump
Isn't that exactly what you'd say right before you revolt against him?

Oh dear lord, are you insane?
President Hatch!
Ryan-compromised & on tape
McConnell-same as Ryan
Pence-knew all along
Mercers have no mercy & extinguish American unity
This is a good part of why the Voters of Utah are calling for your retirement. McConnell does NOT serve The People.
eh, I've seen better
Rock, hard place, senators. You brought this on yrselves w yr personal greed and quest for power. Shot yr wad. American ppl screwed by you.
#FakeChristian phony as hell.
Really?  You can't be serious right now.
Said one establishment "hack" about another.
Their faces are almost morphing into that cranky, white boy conservative image. Time to get out of politics, boys!
Of course you do! #udontkniwwhataleaderlookslike
GOP needs to get trump out!! He's a lunatic who wants war! HELP!!!
Man, I guess,  8 years of obstruction and 200 days of nothing is an incredible @GOP resume...
Time for you to go @senorrinhatch Didn't you initially run on term limits? 
Oh look. Mitch McDouche has a bromance.
He was a great obstructionist voice in 2008-2016, and will be again in 2020 with the new Dem President.
I am no fan of either of these men (Hatch or McConnell) however, the treatment 45 gives the speaker is despicable.
You senator Hatch are a traitor also! He praises Putin, insults our allies and is dismantling our govt & he goes against the constitution
McConnell has done more to harm the average American in the last 8 yrs. than anyone. When will you guys learn Country over party. Sad!
what about nuclear war  what are you doing to stop it!

here's one great waffle recipe you should try out.
#foods #waffles #cookingingredients #magnificentduo
 https://magnificentduo.blogspot.in/2017/08/creamy-french-toast-waffles.html …
One by one Trump hurts people & his followers eat this up, do they do the same in their life? Is it wise to teach their kids this lesson?
@jaketapper @SenateMajLdr - sometimes TIME & ENERGY have passed you by MOVE ON OF JUST DO THE JOB !
The GOP built this... Screw all of them.
Trump's a bully, McDonnell hurts the elderly, women and middle class! You men are destroying the Republican party! #GodisWatching
I don't agree w GOP policy positions, but I can appreciate GOP's rallying behind maj ldr when he's undr attk from GOP's man baby in WH.
#PartyOverCountry #Traitors #aidingandabetting #TreasonousTrump
You must be kidding.  Go home.  You have lived off the public dole long enough.
Orrin, time to go back to the farm!
Dont care about pissing contest, how about Thanking #Putin 4 expelling 700 of our ppl from #Moscow? u silence n @GOP speaks volumes
Get thee to a nursing home
Get them both out
And?? All of GOP are to blame for the state of our government. Blood will be on all of your GOP hands if NK does something. Stand up, now!
Have another high ball Hatchet.

we shall see in the upcoming primaries what happens, why do you think the idea of term limits sway people, just not politicians
If @SenMajLdr has been your best leader, you have had some incredibly shitty leaders.
Republicans created a monster! see what you get! President Obama and Hillary was telling how he was! Now he'll be coming at his own party!
McConnel is seen as an Albatross around the neck of ANY Republican initiatives. He has FAILED to move any critical Legislation.
They will never figure it out!! They're hatred of @realDonaldTrump blinds them! Trump advanced his agenda by getting senators to support ldr
Hatch's senility is finally showing.  A little early for Jeff Flake, but there is such a thing as pre-mature senility!!
#TermLimits
Pushback in the Senate against Trump? I won't hold my breath until something substantial happens but were only 6 months in...Buyers remorse?
senility has set in.
McConnell needs to go. The people who put you in office demand it. Ignore them and see how quickly you get kicked to the curb.
If you think McConnell is the best leader you've seen in the Senate, then you've set the bar incredibly low.
What is wrong with these old ass****s?
Get rid of TRUMP.  Problem solved
Then why don't you denounce the furry oranj slimy growth oozing thru the nation?
Time for him to retire, and you as well. You guys are tired and ineffective any longer, step down now
You are both diagusting
@jaketapper @SenateMajLdr Circling the swamp wagons. Hey, you guys let Trump get elected. Sadly he's all our problem now.
Really? I think he is very divisive and does not play or work well with others.
The reason why nothing is getting done is because our President doesn't scare anyone especially Senate Republicans
Democrats require that you return the stolen SCOTUS Seat.
Lolz
#RetireHatch your use by date expired long ago
Mitch has to go!!  As do you Mr. Hatch!!!
Who in their lifetime thought something this crazy and unreal would happen? Not me, I had faith in the USA, not now.
Yeah, he's great.  We all want a leader who refuses to work with the president because he's black.  Hatch is a racist jerk.
Make no mistake about it TRUMP will throw any&ALL GOP under the BUS & yesterday remarks compliment HIS wife was a THREAT, DO WHAT I say mith
handing out fists full of dollars to all who does as he asks. He best at that
Rs back "leader" who ''legislates" with half a senate.  True leaders serve the public not special interests and legislate with full senate.
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Hack.
Mcconnell and the Republican redmap majority are obstructionist  seditionist and traitors to the world
7 years without a plan for healthcare isn't a tough challenge, it's a total failure!
After Ryan you`re in row for prez. You already working for it? NO GOP member should become next prez. Whole GOP owns this terrible desaster!
If you are talking about @SenateMajLdr why are you the center of attraction in this picture? Your image is too conspicuous...???
The very worst people in America are in the Senate
SENATOR HATCH, The Republicans had a P&M contest about Obamacare and promised the people who support all of u that HC would b done.So do it
Then fully support getting back to work and repeal Obamacare, simplify the tax code, and build that wall.
You helped enable and normalize Trump. You're partly to blame for everything he does as Pres.

Redeem yourself and protect America from him.
Orrin, you know that isn't true. But...good for you for standing up to the Orange Menace
Senator Hatch,  you have supported the dictator Trump along with McConnell.  How does it feel to be a traitor to your country? ?
Trump is going to grind the GOP.  Weak fools.  Join together & get rid of him before he kills us all.
That's great, GOP is suicidal
What about t'Rump? Do you fully support t'Rump?
You have low standards
Hatch is the poster boy for partisan abuse of power.
How much Superpac $ did you get for this? #retireoldman #shitgibbonlackey #dancingonagrave
Regretting your support of Trump yet guys??? Not as great a guy now huh Orrin?
