Wow! the senior Senator from Utah throws Nickleback shade!!
This band?
That's almost as funny as a Republican Senator from Utah ushering in a lawyer from the ACLU into the Supreme Court.
@RaulieGonzo lol
I'm mortified by the ghost in that window
looks like McCain simpering...
"Grant us to sit, one at your right hand and one at your left." Mark 10:37 As they should be: Cotton on the Right, Schumer on the Left.
#NudePride Know what will help make America great? Freedom & EQUALITY 4 ALL including MILLIONS of nudists who VOTE! #BodyFreedom
This scares me when I first saw it and I am from Nebraska who voted for @BenSasse
Did Sen Hatch just out Ben Sasse as a @Nickelback fan?
Pretty sure Sasse outed himself a while ago.
Why do people think this tweet from Hatch is anything but a joke? I think ya'll are the ones who need a sense of humor.
Who is claiming otherwise
I saw a screenshot of this and thought it was a joke. Might be time to fire your social media intern
Why?  For showing that they're people that sometimes have fun?  The horror.
It almost looks like @SenSchumer is just back from a longer run than @BenSasse
dear orrin's tweeter, don't quit your day job.
I appreciate you having a sense of humor Sen Hatch. I look forward to you taking the wheel. 
What the hell is in the window looking out  at these guys?
@CaseRenae
Geoffrey Rush has really let himself go...
Me too ... 
But who is the ghost in the window? :/  #Nixon
Well done
Wheres that obamacare repeal? Listen to a real conservative like @RandPaul  instead of hacks like Ryan, and left wing big govt but trump
.Fitting. As we have the Nickleback of presidents right now.
Fake Pres.Hatch GAG! He will just be a seat warmer.  We the people will not allow any legislation until a new election. #RussiaDisaster
@BenSasse is my kinda guy!
Nice work senator.
Lol!  Priceless!
"Two scoops of ice cream, everyone else only gets one!  Ben, IMPEACH."
This is wonderful.
Jammin to Nickelback
I like the scary ghost in the glass.
Special Council needs to be convened.
Guess you have alot of time to look at photo's because your sure not getting anything done.

“You guys know we don’t actually take drug tests right?” — Senator Cotton
He is, and they are all getting smashed tonight at tortilla coast and other spotsm #PayDay
every time I think of  you Hatch ... I CRY
The way it should be
1. Who is the creeper in the window? 2. Chuck is clearly bragging that he's got two shots in his cup, and it ain't expresso.
That's just below the belt! How dare you accuse him of liking Nickelback. ... well played tho
@BenSasse is the dope shit. You lame ass old men that are trying to ruin our country could learn a thing or two from him.
damn
Sasse is an enemy of the people
Oh that's cold.
Orrin Hatch is quoting Nickelback on Twitter. It's the end times.
Orrin Hatch is on Twitter. It's end of times.
Believe me, senator, it's likely to be mutual. Your supplement-boosting and organ stylings are amusing in their own right.
Did not realize @BenSasse played Stevie in East Bound and Down.
Looks like Schumers hiding a strong drink in that coffee cup.
I'm convinced there isn't one libtard left with a sense of humor
"Cat sounds"
Petty and Childish.  Great character traits from our leadership...
ELDER Hatch, That is what people look like who actually work instead of shilling for companies that sell snake oil.  You old orange racist.
Nickleback?
Good for you
Doesn't make me laugh  bastards need to be fired
Every time I see a picture of you, any picture, of you, I get a little sick to my stomach. Believe me.
I guess I'm stupid. I don't understand at all.
Yeah i dont get this post at all. Some inside joke i guess

You're a dick.
@senorrinhatch is already trying to tank his presidency. He just wants to retire so he can visit with his many wives.
Sasse is one of the good guys.
Brutal.
Are you senile too, Sen?
Senator, being a Nickelback fan is a high crime, I urge you rethink your Spotify playlist
After the last week, we needed a good laugh!
Omg some people in DC are real human beings. Imagine that. Hatch try it sometime you might have fun. Instead of screwing over people
Looks like Schumer rinsing his mouth out after blowing the guy in red shorts.
No,that would be Pence.
It's evident that Hatch needs to retire to have more time to yell at kids, "Get off my lawn!"
YES.
Are you a grown up? Tweet about something important. Grow up you are 83 years old. #utpol Look over here don't focus on #Trumprussia
No, @senorrinhatch should be working on serious issues instead of making fun of his colleagues. You mad about trump & Russia? #utpol
Did you really just bring up Hilary? That is why Putin tried so hard to get her elected because he likes her right?
Cruel as heck. Grounds for impeachment
Pres Pro Temp Hatch softening image as he considers line of succession, recent headlines
The Senate is so lucky to have @BenSasse, as is the whole Country. He is one of the best!!

When can we expect an album of @Nickelback covers from you?
I like it!  I disagree with each of these men on issues, but THIS is what we need in Washington. Hang out. Smoke some bud..get along!
I see 45*'s class act is spreading. You going to give them a rating now?
Leadership of the future-
And when I see a racist as Senator I don't laugh.
It makes me sad for America. #GOP #Republicans
Senator, does it remind you of when you had principles?
NO.. By all means speak. Say whatever comes to mind. #TheResistance
It makes me sick.
Maybe, just maybe it's not yet time for the GOP to crack wise on twitter
Savage.

I guess he shouldn't be seen mingling with those awful Dems. Maybe he knows something you won't admit .
Oh I think I like you after all Senator.
every time I hear the name Ben Sasse I picture Schumer and the "NeverTrumps" turncoats
#BenSasse #BenSasse #BenSasse
Let's not say things we can't take back
Why.
Hatch coming in hot with the bantz.
too far
