
@senorrinhatch  This is total nonsense. Republicans are so used to obstruction after 8yrs of obstructing All President Obama policies
Oh, stop the insanity!
This is pretty rich; #GOP went nuclear option in pushing thru agenda, have locked out Dems from healthcare and obstructed for last 8 years.
As opposed to what the Repubs did during 8 years of Obama???
Such language
My brand of stupid-and here I thought you held the patent.
I am not the one with a comic character identifying me.  You seem to have a self-esteem issue.  Was your mommy mean to you?
Chucki needs to get off Soros payroll and start working for we the people.
When is Schumer going to be taken to legal task for his actions which bred the IRS abuses? Lois Lerner and Dick Durbin also need to answer.
 0||||78908||63141||||1||28237> 
@amyklobuchar @alfranken you both have some splaining to do to all Minnesotans!!
He needs to be voted out
What? U ignore treason by jr. & r slamming DEMs? #GOPlyingTraitors. We won't forget this Orrin.
cause what we need now is more #Trumpians to help kill health care, #collude with Russians, scream about #fakenews, deny climate change, etc
Sen.Hatch referred to Trump Jr. as a "nice young man" and insisted the accounts of his meeting with the Russian lawyer were "overblown."
ABUSE of RULES? Didnt y'all write that book? Dems need to use EVERYTHING available to stop the @GOP corruption @SenateDems United for Am ppl
Oh that's rich, you all have the memories of goldfish, or weren't born before 2016
How come the Democrats can order all of these investigations but the Republicans never do?
I'm sorry. Are you delusional? Or were you comatosed for the 7 Benghazi investigations? FYI - the Rs are leading these investigations not Ds
How many opeds were written on this subject when GOP was obstructing for EIGHT YRS.
Daily reminder that the Republican Party has a literal majority in both houses.
They are not abusing anything but the rich fascists that are trying to take over this great nation!
@senorrinhatch They now control all of government & they can't govern&they're blaming Democrats. Mr Hatch,either you're senile or lying
As opposed to what the Republicans did for the last term of President Obama's time in office.
GOP holds the Trump card in every scenario and is happy to do nothing.
Chuck and Nancy are sore losers and what bad for our country !
@SenSchumer why don't you just shut up.
HATCH IS A TRAITOR TO AMERICA
Hearing a lot of complaining when @SpeakerRyan said this would be the most productive Congress of our time.
Was this before or after the GOP stole the Supreme Court nominee with a made up rule of their own that violated the constitution
Cry baby chuck schumer needs to stop the abuses for the past 8yrs GOP better put on their big boy pants & fight back
WSJ is owned by Fox, the business organization covering for foreign collusion. Disgraced Senator Hatch is still trying to take advantage.
Yes they should impose the 8hr rule
WSJ should stick to business news.
Schumer is a scam artist who is BAD for American values
@SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @SenSchumer Great job, Democrats!!
Anybody remember Merrick Garland? Immigration reform? EPA regulations? Naming a few. Karma is a bitch.
Jeebus, WSJ.... Where were you when Merrick Garland was put up? Is bullshit fine as long as it's your own bullshit?
How much longer will Democratic Party & Deep State suicide campaign take &  for autopsy to reveal everything? let's prosecute ALL crimes
They're Nominated/confirmed appointees to cabinate positions who are working in the WH that has no political experience and/or being
investigated on Russia's interference to hack the election or collusion. What?...Let's just welcome the Barbarians at the Gate! #Idiots!
Oh man, the comments here are wonderful.
The WSJ is the epitome of fake news. Wasn't in the past but is today.
Gee the WSJ wasn't that concerned when the republicans wouldn't pass anything.
Opinion: The GOP Senate provided Dems the blueprints during Obama years, should pursue moderate agenda to secure broad bipartisan support.
How short is your memory? It is certainly expected if not warranted after GOP treatment of the Dems and Obama admin during 8 year tenure.
This is coming from a political party that orchestrated the MURDER of JOHN F KENNEDY and my have connections to SETH RICH's murder#abuse?
Again this story is beneath the dignity of the WSJ. Did U complain when GOP obstructed for 8 years? Dems protecting Democracy. GOP no plans
And lies
Trump & @WSJopinion keep on winning*
*Whining 
And you believe it's the Dems fault this admin is a disaster? I think you need to go back and reconsider your opinion.

I followed your account accidentally yesterday. Thank you for this article today in my TL, so I don't have to search my list to unfollow.
Same editorial board will be lamenting abuses of power if GOP follows this advice and dems get a majority in 18' and enjoy profits of change
You mean like the previous SIX years of obstruction of Obama, Garland, ACA? Hey, let's all be reasonable now. Sure!
Lol
Wow it must be embarrassing to work for senator hatch. What a liar, loser, and hypocrite. Quit while you still have time
merrick garland would like to say 
You can always count on the Far Right Editorial Board of the WSJ to tow the PARTY LINE
Need to stop trying to wrk w/dems. GOP has won. It's time they started acting like it and get things done. Time for compromise is over.
Please... Like this didn't happen for the eight previous years by GOP...
Is this headline a typo?
Really making a play on that Fox News territory after they moved into Brietbart's old territory after they moved into InfoWars old territory
When did America become "Congressmen pick their voters" (gerrymandering) instead of ideal "Voters pick their Congressmen".  End that abuse
Never mind the monumental abuse & obstruction when the GOP were the minority. Nor the voter suppression efforts or egregious gerrymandering
Are you f-ing serious?
this is a bald-faced lie. you will be remembered forever as a fascist.
Democratic abuse of the rules? How about #McConnell's gross #abuse of #rules refusing to hold a #hearing for Justice #Garland!
Let it be known that Hatch did nothing in the face of treason at the White House.
Wall Street Journal editorial page double standard on blocking judicial nominations is stunning.
I'm sorry WHAT? Cough Gorsuch cough
You get what you give.
When Democrats are back in power, will you support them when they do the same things with Senate rules to get their way on votes? Doubtful.
It's about time we heard the Dem's single plank in their party platform. Huh!? It's still "Resist!"??  2nd rate thinking for sure, Schumer!
Do the Dems realize how much they are actually hurting our country? No. They justify whatever bad they do by saying you're worse! Sad!
Democratic abuse of the rules?!?!? So changing the rules to get someone on the supreme court wasn't? Refusing to vote on Obama pick wasn't?
Unlike the republicans from 2008-2016.
lol you know it's bad when WSJ calls you out.
yeah that nuclear option was bananas. oh wait!
I should print this out, grease it, & shove it up a republicans a$$..I don't gaf if they never put thru that thugs nominees ..how about that
Wow--where were you the past 8 years? The clueless partisanship of @wsj editorials undermine the credibility of the entire paper.
Where were you for President Obama and I am so grateful they are!!!
HAHAHAHA! Those innocent Republicans, always abiding by the law.
This is the most fucking stupid headline I have seen in ages.
Ha! As if!
Well, how beside the point can you be? "The ostrich buried his head in the sand..."
This is rich. Can u say Merrick Garland?
yea 
Merrick.  Fucking.  Garland.
Because when the Dems were a majority the Pubs did nothing of the...Oh.
And this is what's wrong with liberals.... classic guy
The GOP needs to stop blaming Democrats and take responsibility for its own failures.
Where's Merrick Garland again? Oh.
REPs obviously still can't govern.
Is this some kind of joke?
DAM you know it's bad when the WSJ calls out the Democrats on their BS

This is rich...and hypocrisy at its finest.
Poor timing.
You mean like the Republican Senate refused to have hearings on a Supreme Court nominee?
GOP Senate needs to STOP RECESSING:Newest entitlement program is Senate serving as subsidized retirement home for lazy elderly Senators
How did the GOP get the SCOTUS pick? Refresh our memories.

I haven't seen an impression of an ostrich this impressive since I last saw a real ostrich. And that was a real ostrich. A REAL one. #real
But they hate trump as well its all a rouse
Right. 70% of appointments haven't even had a nominee made by Admin yet, and its all the Dems fault LOL
GOP needs to work for this country & stop working for Putin's puppets.
lolwat
Oh, that's rich
Right. Because that's the biggest problem we have right now.
@WSJ with a HOT TAKE about Democrats abusing rules while @DonaldJTrumpJr commits federal election violations and possible collusion. Wow.

Bad take is bad.
