Can the @washingtonpost AKA #AmazonPost led by prerverted sodomite @JeffBezos EVER say one thing positive about America's greatest @POTUS?
Nature changes, and parks loose points of interest daily.  Removing new ones sucks.  Why are racists attacking the earth? Baffling
How the hell are they planning on shrinking bear's ears? Is there some genetic program we don't know about? What is the point? Inhumane.
"...and if the bears don't like it, we'll send @BetsyDeVos after 'em with her shotgun!..."
He will target every Obama-designated monument.
Shrink it just enough to get all that oil drilling and fracking  equipment in there! Good job, REPUBLICANS! 
It's disgusting. The things they're willing to destroy for money.
Can't get rid of him soon enough
Omg. These SOBS trying to ruin EVERY DAMN THING!
Hebert, Lee, Stewart, Love, Bushop, Leave our Nat"l Parks & Monuments in UT alone. (hatch will forget). Not yours, belongs to us.
Another land grab from Crooked Trump
Just so we are clear, removing the statue of a dead confederate general is taking away our "heritage" but this is fine?
Ugh
Trump administration sucks big league
1.2 million comments were submitted during the public comment period that was overwhelmingly against this.  $ over public want.
Are you going to stand by and let this happen?
Trump voters: another case of this admin hurting average Americans. The don't have your backs. Never have, never will. Make rich richer.
@dalalali - alt-bear is real :(
The epitome of special interest against the interest of the nation. Chaffetz couldn't get it done, so Zinke is trying to for his masters
Cue the attorneys.
f:ck trump administration! not everything in this world should have a price tag on it or to make money off of it. shallow thinking.
No surprise. Now we wonder how much and where. And if we can stop it.
What are those "handful" and why is it a secret?
Forget about what the overwhelming maj of Americans who chimed in on this issue want. It's all about the friends of baby @realdonaldtrump
More Obama obsession from @realDonaldTrump
So they did what they intended, they got parts of Bears Ears for mining & drilling friends. How much  will line their pockets for this?
so these monuments he wants out? But old statues of dead guys stay... got it.
Well said
Tear these monuments down. Losers (Democrats) don't deserve monuments. No rewards for losing.
@senorrinhatch - We will see you in court!!
Why is it necessary for the WH to do this?  First it's all about killing the EPA, now it's about trashing our national monuments.
Their filthy hands should never touch these spectacular places.
So, must defend Confederate monuments, but national monuments are fair game? #hypocrisy
Devastating news
So what...We haven't learned anything from our past and our future is fucked.
Coming soon trump bears ears hotel
But Trump wants to retain our national "culture" by preserving Confederate statues. No logic!
This is a compromise, each side has something to hold onto. Bears Ears was 1.3 million acres, the 5 Utah NP are less than 1 Million.
SHAME
He selling this property infact all of the national parks.hes making money off the sales
These monuments can't be replaced. Leave them alone!
Important to note that the President lacks legal authority to shrink or reduce protections for #nationalmonuments:
[Thread] This week, @SecretaryZinke plans to make recommendations to the Prez whether to eliminate or shrink some of our nat’l monuments. /1
Is that what #MAGA means? Start ripping your country to shreds for money? My hatred grows for agent orange more by the day.
What was that again, about the perfidy of destroying heritage and "our beautiful monuments"?
#SaveOurParks
@Racheal Maddow
He who cannot "do," settles for "undoing."
Zinke is being investigated! This should be stopped!
@KUED Naturally! Gotta reward the UT delegation who have been some of Trump's most ardent supporters & slavish admirers.
After moaning about monuments?  He's a bullsh*t artist. He's got a 2 week limit turnaround on being two faced. You can't make this stuff up!

Can we get him to say "Yolla Bolly Eel Preserve" on national television? The thought makes me smile, and that is a difficult thing w/ him.
YEAH THAT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN, HE'LL BE IN COURT FOREVER
Get Zinke out
But he wants to keep the Confederate Monuments alive b/c it's history?  What a nimrod!
See you in court
No doubt these "changes" will put $$ in the pockets of someone "loyal" to him! Wake Up America!! You're being sold out!
He wants to sell part of a NationalPark while defending ConfederateSatues
It went past ridiculous when he threatened 3 countries in 2 weeks
I believe general John moderating force Kelly was Chief of staff by then too
What a moderate influence he must've been over that time frame
A total of 468 seats in the U.S. Congress (33 Senate seats and all 435 House seats) are up for election on November 6, 2018.
#TimeForChange
One question! Why do his. Horrible idea. Leave things as they are.
If it were a monument to some warrior for slavery it may have had a chance.
Anything that has to do w Indigenous land/ Obama is a goner. @tweetcongress Trump cannot run our Gov't by Exec Orders! STEP UP... 2018 NEARS
Stay out of our national parks and leave them be. Is there nothing this guy won't mess with....jeez...give it a rest already.
(Also WaPo, graf 10 got almost completely eaten)
Shrink the number of taxpayer funded mansions for public officials including the WhiteHouse!
Turn them into selfsustaining hotels/offices...
...NO HOMELESS PEOPLE ARE ELECTED TO PUBLIC OFFICE IN AMERICA!!!!!
How can you be against monuments?
It's your county, kids. Speak out or lose it forever.
Fishermen hunters hikers future generations our air and water not to mention our tourist industries and retail hiking companies like Rei!
Funny to see the misinformed and misguided as well as the malicious SUFFERING in this thread.
This whole administration needs to burn! Leave our lands alone
Which one of his friends/donors want to exploit it?
Outrageous!
I'm so fucking sick of this government screwing with our country.   Just stop already.
He is INSANE Someone please help him before he hurts our country!!! Is anyone in DC listening ?
Alter yourself
He's such a fool!
Who suggests such things? Darth Vader and The Emperor, maybe.
if it aint broke dont fix it or upgrade more like it. fuckin A. if i hear that again im going 2 get hostil, causeaconflict thas reddy 2 bust
I guess all those e-mails I got from Patagonia, didn't do the trick...
Why???? This admin is going to destroy our beautiful country in four years. Zinke and Pruitt are the worst. Then again DeVos and Carson bad
Don't touch the statues tho...
If they place this statue there will they leave it alone?
He so repulsive.
#fuckintRump
Of course. The whole "review" process was a sham.
Follow the money.  Who benefits?
Mining and drilling companies.
WOW.
EXCLUSIVE: Wasserman Schultz’ ‘Islamophobia’ Claim Prompts Angered Marine To Go Public On Awans http://trib.al/wlf8s4O  
Trump doesn’t understand what monuments are for.
Lithium is found in Death Valley area.   Trump associates, Peter Thiel /others, looking to fed lands for mining for 'white oil'/ lithium.
NO, please! :(
SINCE WHEN WP CARES. YOUR TAKEN DOWN STATUES
#PutinBot

Cc: @ChiefCovfefe
@realDonaldTrump yet again destroying the real America
#trumpIsMad
NO!  PUT A STOP TO THIS!  #ImpeachTrumpNow
@DougieP2016 @Wentswagon wtf where is @peta on this. sounds inhumane imo

