1) Even though the bill explicitly prohibits waivers for preexisting conditions
2) health analysts say waiving the essential health benefits package and eliminating the three guardrail requirements
3) could weaken the types of services covered for people with preexisting conditions.
4) If states aren’t required to ensure that their coverage is as comprehensive as the essential health benefits package
5) insurers can redesign plans that do not include certain services that otherwise would have been required under the ACA.
6) These services may be ones that people with preexisting conditions need.
7) So even if they have the insurance, they may end up paying out-of-pocket costs 4 certain services not covered under their new plan.
8) However, ultimately, it will be up these states to decide the services they want to cover, and how comprehensive they will be.
Unless the insurance company has capped how much they will pay. #trumpcare #trumpeugenics
This tweet is misleading. This is an extremely limited view and taken out of context.
#BadForm
This is going to make a great campaign ad someday!
Not credible. Eliminating employer & individual mandates and letting states waive min coverage, InsCos must raise rates and ration coverage!
Yes, but. Tell the whole truth about state ability to reduce benefits.
Fact: millions will lose coverage and some will die. #DeathParty
Gut Medicaid for tax cuts and you just shift the burden to the states and consumers at large. "Savings" are a mirage. Get a grip, GOP.
wrong!Not everybody chooses ignorance,Oh but U all hav let th ins comp rule Washington.Cut them create Ur own.Oh then U lose.snap
If you didn't make any changes to the pre-existing conditions, then why do you mention them at all  in the bill?
Unless you're in a state that opts out, or if you allow your coverage to lapse.
You guys lie so much trump is winning no one believes anything that comes out of washington he's destroying this country
Senators have no business going an a 5 week recess if they haven't gotten obamacare repealed and replaced
But you will probably lose important heal care benefits.
Unless you are old!!!
Just have to pay a lot more depending on your age & circumstance.  You are liars and should all be kicked out of office for betraying us.
Have you read your own bill?
What bull.  The protection for pre-existing conditions are large enough to drive a large triple tandem truck through.
It's. It only democrats saying this stuff guys....otherwise your shoddy bill would've already been law
Do you really think lying this brazenly is a good strategy? #FixACA
How about a bleeding face lift? Or do you just ignore the demise of your party's credibility. #Trumpcare
Change the voting to  51 . The Dems will when they can.
Pass immigration laws.
You are really asking for a bad 2018
You hide them by allowing caps!  1 serious illness or accident and you're uninsured. Stop spewing lies.
YEs but will you be able to afford it when they take away the credits
Preferential pricing would effectively remove protections for people w/preexisting cond.(e.g. all plans that cover chemo are very expensive)
States are able to waive rules requiring that almost all customers be charged the same premium. That’s an invitation to preferential pricing
High-cost patients, such as cancer victims & sufferers from chronic diseases, could permanently lose benefits early in their treatment
States have the authority to reimpose lifetime & annual benefit caps & eliminate essential health benefits. This does NOT protect the sick.
Less time tweeting!  More time fixing!  Not going to jam it down our throats. No way Jose!
Under "#BetterCare" insurers can't deny coverage, but they can deny particular benefits--like "chemo"! That's not protection. #healthcare
So you con men are going to punish the people instead of the greedy insurance companies. #SellYourSoul to your corporate masters
We'll all just pay more. everybody priced out of healthcare.
I call bullshit
FACT: YOU LIE

@SenateGOP @senorrinhatch
Government should not be in the healthcare business. Fund old/legitimate poor and leave it be. Allow insurers to cross state lines.
No one believes GOP anymore, you lie so much! STOP LYING!!!
Yes you will! Through your plan ppl with pre-existing conditions will have to pay more for less care making the healthcare unaffordable!
Liars
Fact: this is B.S. States can allow insurers to offer junk plans that don't cover needed treatments for pre-existing conditions.
Enough people complain and the GOP listened...for once.
Liar
Promise!!
That is a blatant lie. You're giving that decision to the States. CBO score tells it all
If this bill is so "tremendous" why will none of u come out and honestly defend it? Why no town halls? You know ur trying to screw us.
But with caps that might as well be the case. This tweet is VERY DECEPTIVE. Your bill would KILL PEOPLE!
That. Is. A. Lie.
Please dissolve this twitter handle since all you do is spew lies. You have not fostered trust so please leave the Twitterverse.
TELL Jeffrey Loyd that you approve of this from @Obamacare! Poor fellow he is contradicting you
So disingenuous,Trumpcare CBO score show premiums will go up and coverage will go down making health insurance out of reach for millions!

NO, WHAT U R SAYING IS A LIE!!! TELL THE TRUTH!!!!
Fact:  You Lie.
More lies. We have you number. Out in 2018. How bout that!
If you guys feel so sure about this bill , why don't you have some Town Hall meetings during your break! Get in touch with your constituents
State control and no requirements for minimum coverage equals terrible insurance you might be able to afford. But who wants it?
Time to drain the swamp?
Let's see the fine print. If you turn the decision-making over to the states they will drive down coverage to the lowest common denominator.
What pretzel posture! Read the bill. Read the CBO analysis. Cannot fathom how you can say this except maybe to fool the ppl.
People first, party last
#Republicans cover pre-existing conditions with asterisk.
Draconian limits and exorbitant $$$
@SenateGOP -think of ur constituents&Amer ppl
Pass Rand Paul's repeal idea- simple. Then figure out details. Used to have to keep coverage for preexisting to be waived. Short memories?
Questions: Will less fortunate Americans have to choose between health and rent under #BetterCare bill?
Your bill directly benefits people who make $200,000+/yr while hurting people who make less or have illness that complicates ability to work
Tired of you misrepresenting what your bill will do. I'm not rich enough for your tax cuts & resent you lies! Kill this bill & Fix ACA now!
If you can't be honest about what your bill actually does to peoples' lives-Inclufing those who get ins through their job, it's a bad bill
Fancy lies. Your bill restructures the way Medicaid helps states cover ins and weakens all protections for people w preexisting conditions
How much is it gonna cost 800 a month? More?  See you need terms people understand. ACA promised the same and failed.
All Mconnell and most Senate Republicans do is lie. You will be denied coverage or priced out of coverage as result of this inhumane bill
Bad news!  22 million lose coverage!  The rich get a huge tax break!
Where is this LIE in your bill that has only 5 R's supporting with YES votes? (Most R's are staying silent).
CBO says otherwise. They are nob partisan. GOP pay attention to what your good book says. Greed is a deadly sin remember?
If it's so good I assume you congressmen and senators will happily sign up?
Hahahahhaha PA's @SenToomey had a "town hall" the other day , and stated that he and all his employees are on #Obamacare
Hey GP.   Go Single payer! Get the middle man insurance out of it
This is a lie.
Have you read it?  Or are you willfully lying
Fact: 22 million Americans do not deserve #WorseCare  #VoteNoBCRA #VoteOutTheIncumbent
we will see if that is true or just another big lie like Obamacare 
do not think because it has #GOP stamped on it that it will be great
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #ImpeachTrumpNOW
@SenateDems Fact: BOTH of y'all lie about different stuff....grow up and fix it. Y'all aren't smart or mature enough 2 work 2gthr?
@gop is losing the marketing pitch. allowing yourselves to be painted as willing murderers. @realDonaldTrump not out in front of this!
Charged more than whom? % of income if not on Medicaid ?
However if you are over 50 you must pay more. Age descrimination
Huge deductibles?  They will find a way to squeeze money out of you using GOP policies.
Dear Senators, you must get at least one democratic senator to sign on or else the bill won't make it or last. You'll force single payer sys
Fact: your bill is morally reprehensible and economically irresposible. No amount of spin will change that. You should be ashamed.
What about those "flexibility" portions of the bill, where the states can decide on what "essential services" to provide?
Show me That....
Fact: you are lying liars that lie.
This is an outright lie.
Thanks Nixon: Before 1973 it was against US law to make a profit off of health care @foxandfriends @foxnews @cnbc
Then you asswipes prove it by taking it instead of your fully paid for plan.
.@SenateGOP Liars! #protectthekids
Not good enough! This is a tax cut for the rich!
NOT a fact. States can apply for waivers
Fact: it gives that privilege to the states. That's deceitful & not #BetterCare
Please gop senate get your plan passed then please work on letting health insurance companies compete like auto insurance providers do
did you not read the CBO report? Ppl WILL be targeted more because under your plan, ppl will drop out. Costs/prices increase.
Fact: @GOP will just make it impossible for you to afford health insurance by allowing companies to charge you more for pre exist conditions
Lies! The GOP has literally resorted to lying to the American public about their cruel healthcare plan. It will kill people. Not "prolife."
I do not believe it and neither do some Senators.
LIE. READ THE BILL. CAP LIMITS ON COVERAGE.
#FullRepeal #NoMandates insurance across state lines, no exemptions for Congress and Senators
So, if I can't afford my own health care, I am guaranteed I can get it under the GOP Plan?  No matter what?
Your own list proves you are wrong
Fact if you are old you will be charged a disproportionate amount to pay for care
ALL DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS  JOIN AND BE ONE PEOPLE FOR THE POOR..ALL OF YOU ARE rich..help the poor. jesus
but your insurance rate will be too expensive for you to afford & then when u need it, you won't have to cause we will penalize u
They putting us all on Medicaid plan, now?Just want them to know that not a 1 has fooled us & suffering will come, not to us, but to you.
Not a fact. You give the states the option to opt out of that. Try this plan instead:
Again I ask: where in the bill does it state this
You LIE
Liar
Cut the Bull S..T your put in a high risk pool and its up to ins company's your big Donors it's like pissing in my ear tell me it's raining
No one believes republications any more.  They lie nearly as much as trump, the Russian puppet!
What's wrong with POTUS that he would tweet a personal cyber bully message? Would expect to see each of you speak out against this behavior!
The house version allows a waiver. You are not including democrats in the building of the bill.  shame on you
What's actually in the bill odd scary enough. No need to try to scare us with what's not in it.

Fact: @GOP and @realDonaldTrump are liars
LOL  keep trying  We aren't that dumb yet GOP
Um... not @TheDemocrats but the CBO, AARP and every hospital and medical association out their!  You are misleading the public!
What about Medicaid waivers? Lifetime caps? This is simply not true.
If Ins Cos can drop certain coverages from their plans and you have the condition that that would cover, it is still being denied coverage
You are wrong -stop lying to my patients!!! @AmerAcadPeds @AmerMedicalAssn  #KeepKidsCovered
Not really true. You could have a lifetime limit, and you may get fewer benefits.
#propaganda #fakenews #lies
So then not actually insurance, just another government entitlement.
Take this lying ad down or prove the state option to opt out has been removed.
But millions won't even be covered. We see you, GOP. Your TrumpCare has only 17% support among voters. Health plan is sinking GOP fast.
Not bein smartass & don't even like Trump, but millions already don't have ins and can't afford what they have...
Fact is that people will denied coverage and that means murder.
fact,, u dont know that. ur letting the states chose. & Governors like in wisconsin r already looking 4 ways 2 deny coverage.
#GOPLies. Read the bipartisan CBO score. They say differently. As does every single expert who's read the bill. Stop lying! #SaveOurCare
Enough with this! The USA just needs a health care for all system. Like every other major country! Very happy to live in Canada.
Someone has to pay more for prex conditions. Would you sell car insurance to a person with a wrecked car. #wontwork
So murder the sick with unaffordable insurance.
I hate to throw you a curve but is rapidly becoming unaffordable AND unobtainable now. #TANSTAAFL
That us why we need to dump the Insurance and just treat the people who are sick. Medicare for all.
Liar
This is great! Should have been out there 6 MONTHS AGO!!! Where is Mitch? 8,9,10 Democrats SHOULD BE Petrified to vote Against this Bill!!!
I would like to see the plans for H/C changes from the Senators that are holding back. Plenty of time to develop a plan.
Fact: people will be losing care whether they are tossed off or chose to leave.  This will cause the increase of premiums and OOP costs
Not bein smartass, but my premium ^ so much w ACA, I can't afford 2 go to Dr anymore or med copay. ACA is HORRIBLE.
#Trumpcare is a 3/4 trillion tax cut for the rich to justify legalized mass murder of children, seniors, and a vote out of office for GOP
If it's as wonderful as you say, why can't you pass it? Why are you going on break again?
Fact, you will not be able to afford it.
Not bein smartass & I don't even like Trump but my ins went up so high w ACA, I can't afford it now. Might as well quit & get MCaid.
No doubt ACA is messed up. Trump care will be worse. As far as getting Medicaid, good luck, they're cutting that too
We are watching you. #ProtectOurCare
The premiums are going to skyrocket, making it unaffordable for MILLIONS. People are going to die. Children will never see adulthood. #Liars
We don't care. We voted for repeal, period. The next time we vote it will be to get you gutless RINOs out of office. #DrainCongress
WHO CAN AFFORD THE COVERAGE?!? No word on affordability! Insurers have *everyone under their control n yr worried about government control?
No I will lose my Medicaid
What the hell is wrong with the senate????  Senate Passed Resolution 118 to Criminalize Free Speech - Muslim Bill
Oh good. Because that's already the case under #Obamacare .
In the states that accepted Medicaid expansion premiums have been very stable, and even declined in some states. GOP sabotage for the rest.
Liars and traitors
The TRUMPCARE bill would actually raise insurance premiums for Trump supporters, says a new government report
Bullshit!  Nothing but lies from the @GOP.  #liars and #traitors all.

Muslims Manipulate; Get Senate To Pass Resolution 118 to Criminalize Free Speech, House Resulution 257 - STOP THIS
