CBO starts at 20M on every bill: 15M forego insurance if the mandate is repealed; 5M in future Medicaid expansions that don't happen.
How about we bring in 10 hospital administrators from your state oh that would be hearings can't have that! Trump before country I guess!
What's your point? 20m without insurance for whatever reason is a bad thing!
Republican party has no interest in proving for a low-cost, quality health care system. "Repealing Obamacare" was just a fake cause.
The lying thieving Republican is lying. 

http://acasignups.net/17/07/20/sound-you-heard-was-insurance-carrier-shaped-hole-being-broken-through-wall …
Today is Sunday Senator.  Hoping you are praying for forgiveness for your brutal actions against "the poorest among us."
CBO has been used for years by both parties. Please stop fishing for excuses--work instead to fix ACA.  We Utahans are counting on you.
You are a lost cause, Sen Hatch. You went down the rabbit hole with DJT's rhetoric. Accommodating Trump when you know better is shameful.
Or maybe listen to AMA than GOP PAC?
How about listening to EVERY patient group instead of GOP PAC? Think they would know! 
They've "listened" I'm sure- it just doesn't matter to them. They are the queens of confirmation bias- as are their constituent bases.
@gop WILL LOSE majority if Ocare is repealed without a better replace plan, unless u plan on Banana Republicans rigging machines forever
Seriously, you guys chose the man to head it up and he even granted your magic fairy dust projections about tax cuts. Give it up.
U bunch of jealous, old, bitter, white men. I'm white-I see it-u'd rather stomp those u purport 2 serve than have Obama's legacy succeed
...because what would that mean?

Oh...it was doctrine enough for you until you don't like the scores. Typical- keep changing the rules...it still looks like crap. Nice try.
Fyi - I will never willingly go without health insurance but Heritage/Kaiser formulas say my premiums will exceed my income. Fix ACA w/Dems.
That would make Obama's legacy a good thing...they cannot have that. They'd rather hurt their constituents. Priorities.
Sir, isnt it time to think about how people will remember you? Do something that will benefit millions and not urself, like SinglePayrrPlan
Senator - what is an acceptable number? 10M, 5M? That's still a lot of people who will suffer
Partisan hack,


Of course you would try and turn it around...we need term limits for these crooks!
Just another lie ORRIN.
Exactly how many hours of Fox News do you watch a week, Senator? It is making you more partisan #partyovercountry
Just stop already. #NeverRepeal #NoTaxbreaksForWealthy #ProtectOurCare
#Spineless #Hypocrite
Lieing to the people?
Universal Healthcare is needed. It is the right thing to do. Get with it.
Universal single payer is most cost-effective. Why are we talking about anything else?
They hate Obama, Americans are just collateral
Standard: CBO is nonpartisan and consistent in metrics. Partisan numbers are far more questionable & that's a road we don't want to go down.
Banana Republicans don't care-they hate democracy. True Americans will stand up to Wall St agenda of "reveal n disgrace" push to impoverish
Senator Hatch, once you vote in BRCA our country goes downhill with socialists. Don't do it. Senators promised #RepealOnly. Remind them.
Lol. Socialism is bad? Down with the police and fire departments I suppose? Lol
Math is hard to understand
So you get your knowledge from a conservative PAC? Really so based on them running ads against folks they know better than CBO! Wow! Sad!
Not everyone is a blind follower of what you say. Your moral compass is officially lost senator.
You are being dishonest. This is one of the checks and balances so our government can make responsible decisions. GOP is irresponsible
@kerpen 
Cherry-pick data much?

You're an embarrassment to our state. Start showing some Utah values (compassion, for one).
How do you sleep at night?
I suppose it's fake news as well Senator. You are a hateful person. Latest was 33 million people lose healthcare. Just #FixACA
You mean because the truth hurts?
Very Trumpian of you to attack the bearer of bad news for your policies.
I've dealt with managers in Corporate Murica who argue with accurate numbers from finance when they don't like the results. Sad!
Okay. Who cares? We are talking about MILLIONS of lives? People will die from this! And you will pretend it is because work ethic.
We are talking about MILLIONS of people? What would Joseph Smith do? I was raised LDS, he would fight for those in need. And you know that.
Lately you've been acting more like a feudal lord who can't be bothered with the peasants than a taxpayer funded public servant!
Your focus is 2 secure tax cuts of which U & your pals with the GOP will benefit. Remember the crack U made about people on the dole? I do.
People on the dole R your constituents who put U in office & made U a rich man. U apparently R contemptuous of those who need Medicaid.
So you just ignore facts that don't square with your rigid ideology? It's time for you to retire.
We can't afford work insurance- ACA pushed up premiums. Not eligible for ACA. Now we pay for own ins + subsidize Ocare! Ridiculous.
Oh - thanks. Because a Fox News finance contributor says so. Got it.
What is your non-partisan recommendation to grade it then?
Senior Senator CBO worked in the years you needed them long ago, why is it failing you now Sir?  Party player or Statesman?  Shame on you!
Resign. Get a job you’re remotely qualified for. Like movie theater usher, or Central Casting’s go-to guy for Obviously Gay Older Man.
Another reason is it makes you look like the piece crap that you are.
You have no shame what so ever.Your all smug cause you have the best tax payer paid healthcare you exempted your self from caps
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
"We" is definitely not me in this meme! #FullRepeal
Republicans had SEVEN YEARS to come up with a better plan and FAILED. They don't have a clue. #TRUTH
It's because they promised #FullRepeal. There are 4 (who will never get re-elected) who are blowing it!
They probably won't get reelected but not because they're anti-repeal, but because they're GOP in a bad year for the GOP
This means that if you lose coverage for just one month, you have to wait six months before you can get it back.
We have been paying for continuous coverage for 15 years. Do you think we enjoy it? No, but we made it work.
Not ONE Of you can defend this piece of $hit so you either attack the #ACA or the #CBO, anything except TAKING RESPONSIBILITY.
People foregoing access to healthcare is ok with you? WHY? The @GOP must go
Maybe we can run a market trial all those that want repeal can be on the new GOP plan. Let's see how they feel about it over the next 3 yrs.
Perhaps CBO starts at Zero & GOPcare doesn't legitimately measure up to CBO's models.
Since you are so bent on repealing ACA make sure Congress also goes on the open market and buyes health insurance. U need to participate.
You must work to get Republicans on board for #FullRepeal. My support for you will be gone if you vote to replace Ocare. #FullRepeal ONLY
So who pays for the medical care of those who "forego" insurance? Oh that's right the taxpayers, just like "socialists."#OrrinOnTheTrumpTeat
So who pays for the medical care of those who "forego" insurance? Oh that's right the individual, just like working people do!
? I think you might be missing my point...#HatchIsTheCryptKeeper #TrumpIsACheetoSnowflake #MAGATweetersAreRacistTwats
It's hard to believe you're participating in this misinformation campaign. You've been in the Senate too long & know better.
Only wish that would get reported by the MSM
How will BRCA protect those who cannot purchase insurance bcs they're forced to buy $28k/yr work insurance?

http://www.justiceforsergei.com/video.php?id=1  

@Lizwill99 #TrumpCareKills https://www.pscp.tv/w/bDozsDF6dkVOV21MRFZ5UWV8MVlxSkRSendkQkJLVlIGMseoxz2GWn-0YICuS034PjlmFbrO1uxwwuoGeCjU …

Letter from 8 Former CBO Directors, who served under both GOP & Dem Pres, on the Importance of CBO’s Role in response to Repub & WH insults 

“We should repeal and replace, and we shouldn’t leave town until this is complete.”

Save the tape for this weekend. http://nbcnews.to/2ref17Z  
It goes far beyond that; GOP consistently completely disparages evidence they don't like, but will say whatever necessary to get the votes.
GOP never just told people to not accept CBO scores as 'unquestioned doctrine' -- didn't the GOP hold votes without even hearings, testimon?
Paul Ryan just said the CBO process is a bunch of bunk.
There you go--it's not that GOP is advising people to be cautious in weighting the CBO scores--they said they should be ignored.
So your source is unquestionable doctrine but those who agree with CBO are wrong. I see.

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
This is so clearly an attempt to trick people into thinking you have their interests at heart. CBO is non-partisan. And accurate.

A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
https://mobile.twitter.com/Paxman42/status/888890449322274817 …

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …

#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
https://twitter.com/mattmfm/status/877932005593300993 …
Stand up for United States. Denounce what Trump is doing. Call for Investigations. Don't turn a blind eye. We're being attacked by Russia.

CBO SCORE - 
BY THE NUMBERS: 

17 million more…

https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-07-20/senate-s-revised-health-bill-would-boost-uninsured-by-22-million … 

Six different versions of the GOP health care bill have been scored by @USCBO. Every single one would do great harm to millions of families. 

CALL: (202) 224-3121
*Tell your reps to #FixACA…
Can you not
