@realDonaldTrump I thought the bill was mean?
Hope it is "special" but stand confused why it's been so secretive. How about keeping Obamacare for the lefties that love it.
Nothing "Christian about it @JulesGaye but I guess in your mind you're pleasing your savior for "doing it until the least of these".
Cannot compute your response. Are you trying to say it's non-Christian to keep O-care for those that think it's wonderful?
That may be your weakness."you can't compute"
It can be difficult to make sense of the nonsensical. You've said absolutely nothing useful or intelligent and are an obvious anus. Blocked.
Please save Daca. I supported you but can’t if you leave the dreamers behind and keep Stephen Miller who everyone I know finds repellant you will not win again.
But people are still being killed and Co Pays are ridiculous!
yes, that is why  we won't relent in this race.
That's why we have to vote the Democratic party out of existence.
Don't expect compassion from people with no soul and no morals. Money is the God of the ignorant rich and wealthy.
Turn off CNN! You've been lied to!
#HealthcareBill Whats not to like??
PURE GREED, 45 and GOP are throwing, working poor, disabled, children off health care to give the 1% tax cuts! NO SOUL!
I am a 67 yr. old Marine. I will volunteer to walk the school halls unarmed searching for kids that think no one cares. My mission is to show them, I DO. I'm just one old Marine. Call us up President Trump, together we'll, "FIX IT!" We will answer that call!
Mr President, what is your opinion on area 51? No president ever comments on this nor do we ever hear anyone ask so I am.
Hey prez. Whats up with irs???what happened?  If i did those thingz its off to jail.  What gives?????
TRUMP IS DOING GOOD FOR AMERICA
THE LIBERAL MEDIA LIES ABOUT MR. TRUMP
GET OVER IT LIBERALS. YOU LOST.
LIBERALS. YOU LOST. QUIT WHINING.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain



A lot of tweets today! Must be nothing going on in the ol' White House. #Trumpcare #TrumpRussia
Health care is a basic human right. To deprive anyone of health care is a violation of human rights.. This is a crime against humanity.
This part of your promise is TRASH. Doesn't repeal. You're getting screwed by the lefty Repubs.
This man is a sick flip flop
you must make it Better than Obamas crap
Watch my tweets, not the healthcare bill!!
thank you for working so hard for all Americans President Trump!!! God bless you!!#MAGA
"Really special."
Your Hatred for People is dead
So are 24 million when Trumpcare passes.
Patients come in with ear ache and allergy shot but we can only do one service per visit? This is not health care this is government run
For the love of god, look at your tweets. You've been watching the news all day. Go do something
The liberals will always find a reason to whine about. U can't please them. Even if we will have the greatest #HealthcareBill in the globe.
Do you have any brains at all? Since you think health bill is great, apparently not.
You called it very "mean"
He's bipolar and can't decide
Remember the GOP is now a death squad! Blood on your hands!
Obamacare is only dead because Trumpcare took its insurance away and left it for dead
Shit didn't work
Did President Bannon read it to you?
You campaigned on NOT cutting Social security,Medicaid, and Medicare. Is this another lie? Preexisting conditions arent covered either.
I might be reading the bill wrong but it states that pre-existing conditions will still be covered,no?
no
Obamacare is law of the land until its repealed
Read the bill please as it's our health. Your a rich man. I'm not
Sir, have you read the bill?  It doesn't fulfill your promise to cover everyone at an affordable cost.  This is a failure!
Remember, so is the American Dream.
Gosh, do I ever miss him. 
Special! 

So very special! 

But you're a FREAK.

You're a LOSER. 

What the hell are you doing here?
Adding sugar sprinkles might make it special, but no better than DEAD Obamacare.
At this point, every American Citizen has or knows someone with a preexisting condition #pregnancyproblems
Shame! How dare you do that to your own citizens!
...Sir, you said #RepealAndReplace ...Repeal comes first...then Replace!
This will backfire on you. And the GOP. The ACA can be fixed. You guys are too lazy to bother and instead rob from the poor.
You're a joke
Trumps Death Care is DOA!
Amen
The Affordable Care Act (that's its name, not ObamaCare - unless you'll call new bill TrumpCare) isn't dead; still the law of the land.
We are all going to be dead with this Healthcare Bill.  Thanks, jerk.
Well, at least we won't have to pay for your healthcare anymore
You've lost your mind!

I voted for you to MAGA, not to punish hard working Americans by taking away their healthcare.

You're done, Goodbye
Welcome to the sane side of the country. Tell your MAGAt friends to not get sick.
No he doesn't.

I'll vote for him again.

Democrats need to pull their heads out of their collective assets and wake up to the fact that they chased their base away.

They made it perfectly clear w/Bernie and in court that they have no obligation to pick the people's choice.
And Republicans aren’t doing the same?  Reneging on promises and backing disgusting men to hold elected positions?  Lol. You’re all trash, really. You don’t get to complain when you vote for him again.
Anything was better than Hillary.

GDP is up.

Walls are being tested.

Scandulous representatives are resigning.

And...

 #HesYoPresidentHesYoPresident





#MAGA
Hillary wasn’t the only one on the ballot.

It was up when 43 took office, then you saw what happened. 

Who cares about the wall?

I haven’t seen anything about Trump resigning or Moore calling off his campaign. 

And...

#HeWorksForUs #HeWorksForUs

#redneck
TRUMP greatest potus ever, demodummies better run,cause you can't hide
this gets rid of the obama care junk not the medicaid that is taking care of the elderly correct.  i am a senior citizen with health issues
Careful who or what you pronounce dead. Karma is bearing down hard on your administration. Karma's name is #Mueller and @AGSchneiderman
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dea...
Mexico pays for wall if we Tax $US wired to Mexico @ 25%.
, only dying because you are trying to kill it.  People want Obamacare fixed not replaced.  Do what the people want!
because of your shitty idea, many people will be also.
Yes Master.
I wish I could see you in person one of those days
How will #HealthcareBill impact the elderly? Who advocates for them? I never hear about it.
#SAD that anyone would believe this #deathcare bill is anything but money in the pocket of the wealthy #LiarInChief
Really. I thought it was the law of the land. You know, a “law”. Something you have not yet passed.
they will say the same thing about all the things you signed...

funny how Healthcare Providers find it a joke. At Mayo Clinic and doctors think you're a joke
Are you taking care of all Americans, Don?  Really? You said you would. You also said you'd release your tax returns. Do it
You are a criminal.
Obamacare's NOT dead #LyingSackOf!+12M signed up,31% NEW customers & 81% had premiums reduced-despite your sabotage.

Anything you touch is really *special.
I look 4 ward to new working healthcare bill without seniors paying 3-5 times more then others. Wow. Insulting if true. Q13fox local news
When 10 million folks march on Washington to protest this cruel murderous bill you support, will it even matter to you? Do you even care?
Please take care of every American. Don't forget illegal brought drugs to US. Take care of citizen addicts.
Obamacare remains the law of the land. Stop sabotaging it!
If Obamacare is dead so is your presidency
You are supportive of killing millions of Americans? Glad we got that out in the open.
Just asking if an adult human pretending to be president actually write this tweet.
it's special in how it steals coverage from the weakest americans to pay for your tax breaks.  our lives on your head murderer.
Really BAD IDEA. Stop looking out for your rich friends and help those you promised to help. Create a legacy that has some integrity in it.
We know Obamacare is dead. You murdered it.
Is the Republican party the push granny over the cliff party?
Saying that Obamacare is dead over and over again doesn't make it true.
MR. PRESIDENT. I M LOOKING. FOR. AFFORDABLE. HEALTH INSURANCE PLAN  HEY TELL CONGRESS  THE. PEOPLE DON'T  HIGH PRICED OBAMACARE
You will be responsible for the suffering of millions! Fake President!! Inept and fumbling FOOL!!! #resist #trumpcaredeathcare
You called it "mean", then cried when Obama did too. Now you support it. The trump deathcare bill is just a 1% tax cut. #HellerVoteNo
Are you looking forward to making this "special"?
.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
Purpose of this tweet?
@realDonaldTrump if @BarackObama Obamacare is dead... you might have just killed the whole world
You're playin with fire kido
The Republican Health care bill will result in deaths across this country. Rural hospitals will be in a world of hurt #notmypresident
Funding of Planned Parenthood constitutionally never a Federal issue. Defund and return back to the people of the states.
"I will always support the stupidest decision.  That's why I'm a pathetic joke to all other world leaders"
Lol. It's gonna be funny when the next President utters those words after you. Trump leakguard adult diapers health care plan.
U make me sick
It's called the Affordable Care Act and It became unaffordable because of the Insurance Companies. Perhaps you focus on them? #clulessgop
Just for the record Obamacare is not dead or dying. Over 80% of the population wants to keep it!
Yep, it's important to pay the bill or things like that happen.
Really - have you actually seen the detail - I read you were calling it "mean" recently... which is it - support or oppose? You fool
Could do much better. There are so many facets of this that are wrong from beginning to end. Bring light to them all and solve intelligently
Are you bi-polar?  Please get some help, sir.  You swing so far back and forth that you make us dizzy and nauseous just listening to you!
Make it special? Like arranging for a private dinner with it and then demanding its loyalty? Ok, cool.
Support killing Americans MAGA
Obamacare isn't dead, but millions of Americans will be under Trumpcare. All this because you envy the black guy. Thanks, Trump. 
Special how? Special for whom?
Gracious you make it so hard to find any redeeming qualities in you as preso
I am sure you haven't read it. 1 you don't read 2 no one read it until a draft came out on Thursday. No CBO score and you're behind it? SAD
Fake News!
Was dead 8 years ago
Just saying things doesn't make them true. #DonTheCon
Remember, it's going to be called trumpcare when it passes.Hope it's good.Your name will always be attached 2 a lemon of a healthcare plan.
And so will be millions of people who wouldn't vote for people like you and the GOP. Sad.
We need efficiency and competition....  Free market will drive cost down.
At minimum it will cause more uproar.
Trump supporters don't go to school.

Lies lies lies the bill sucks u know it
As will be your Presidency very soon 
Comrade, you loved the house bill too. Until you didn't.  #Bohica bend over here it comes again
#GOP failing at killing #ACA Too bad you and #GOP hate ppl of color. Unaffordable Care Act is what you are preaching #MAFA #GreedKills
ACA isn't dead. That bill will kill millions of Americans.  Because of your petty jealousy of President Obama. You know this. #Murderer
All 3 Gov. powers should have exactly same Health Insurance everybody has.!! The lowest level od insurance they can get.
Why do we have to pay for ours AND theirs?? We get trash and they get the best... and free???? Is that fair?
You DON'T like the House bill - it's "too mean" - but you DO support the Senate bill, which is even worse. You. Have. No. Clue. Sad. Loser.
Idiot
You bozos killed it to give a huge tax break to the filthy rich...
We The People know there is a difference between health care and health INSURANCE! We all have health care! Our choice on health INSURANCE!
Just because you keep saying something doesn't make it true. #cofeve
In other words ur looking forward to MURDERING millions of us....
Get Obozo's Traitor Name off of it
I look forward each day to reading my new tweets. Remember, grammar and spelling are dead.
If you believe in this bill then make it actionable now, not 3 or 4 years from now or are you a coward?
All I want to know is "did you read it". I doubt it.  Some one probably gave you a fake explanation and you said  where do I sign.
Do you support it because it hurts the middle class and lines your wallet with tax breaks? #ObamaCareIsABetterHealthCarePlan
But I thought the Senate Bill was Mean?  Not today, tho?
Oh I am sure you will make it SPECIAL just like you.
Speaking of the #HealthcareBill -- many of us need it as we age. @SenateMajLdr is selling us out. And you are breaking #Medicaid promise.
Oh lorddddd: you can't unsee that pic of Donald lol. 
Hey, at least he's being active there and playing tennis!
Thanks for letting us know for the 1000th time. By the way, who killed it?
Did u even read it?
No, u r.... #justgoaway
That is how a new leader continue so the work which is actually good 
So are millions of Americans if trumpcare passes. So you can add murder to your list of things on your bucket list.
u one crazy guy
You win:  America will always think of you, not Obama,  when they hear the word "mean".
Your new healthcare bill is a disgrace. All of you should be ashamed.
And so will 24 million Americans when they lose their health coverage because of your incompetence!!
I want to know Y insurance lobbyists were involved in creating the health plan @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan YOUR DONORS @JohnCornyn EXPLAIN
You are cutting Medicaid which you pledged not to do!  You called the HB mean.  This is worse!
You keep saying it's dead. Do you even believe yourself
You lied about saving Medicaid. Thanks for the wealth transfer, Drumpf!
Defend the weak& fatherless;uphold the cause of the poor&the oppressed.Rescue the weak&needy;deliver thm frm the hand of the (wicked=UTRUMP)
Dead like the 23 million Americans that will lose their health care if you pass this bill?
