And Trump did so many times.
Why do you hesitate in calling out Antifa and BLM sir? Is it bcs of your inappropriate relationship with George Soros who funds those 2 grps
Nor should you hestitate to call out your incompetent/racist @POTUS.
Respectfully, Senator, I saw hate emanate from Pres. Trump throughout his campaign. It was plain as day. Why did you not see it?
Where was the hate, ?
Nice Twitter blurb, would you like to back that with actions? #ImpeachNow
You keep hoping the impeachment fairy is going to fly out of Congress and solve your problems. Not going to happen!
Except in the Oval Office?
Sounds like you are insighting a rioting
Unless the left or liberals or dems are doing the hating then you say nothing
you and your fellow democrats promote violence and hate in liberals and domestic terrorist groups.Having Soro's and Obama paying them
What are you going to do about Trump? What more do you need? #removeTrump
Get off Twitter fool!
https://scontent-dft4-3.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/20881886_10211962106185319_9104933440271075404_n.jpg?oh=cd4058fc05f018d9f6478cc32bfcde77&oe=5A28428C …
The President is deliberately opening the wounds of a long ago national tragedy to dangerously divide the our Nation.

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Only Obummer for starting the race war, again!
He must be replaced. Period.
Why?
Support impeachment. Trump must go!  Expose the treason in the GOP. Trump is not worth destroying your party or country.
So now that he's said some of them were good Nazi's can we finally agree he needs to go?? #impeach
Mmmmmm.......peaches
Hey RHINO , Hatch! I vote against you for living off tax money!
Then talk about BLM...Black Lies Matter
Like this
By all means, then please call hate out by name, repeat after me: Donald J. Trump!
Hate flows deep from you
You need to be removed from office.  You have not come out against violence committed by left -wing radicals against conservatives.
Or this?
BLM MEMBER KILLED 5 POLICE OFFICERS IN TX. @REPCOHEN HATES AMERICAN PPL SO MUCH THAT HE WILL WASTE UR $ TO IMPEACH @POTUS FOR TELLING TRUTH.
Then start impeachment proceedings and ensure your place in history as a true patriot. Words are hollow without action to back them up.
How about we impeach you actress Debbie?
I'm calling it out here. The Dems party is the party of hate.
then why didn't you call out to black lies matter when they had violent riots that killed people no condemning of them even killed officers
Lmao like the vice mayor
#ImpeachTrump there is no other option
Yet you don't have balls enough to call out antifa, blm, and the black panthers... #DRAIN_THE_SWAMP
We all knew what Trump was during the election. You knew. You voted for him anyway. Don't act surprised. Don't pretend.
Impeach trump & Pence (he is supporting Nazi sympathizer trump)  No place in this country for them
One more thing, WHEN did U EVER speak out against the terrorist who beat/threatened/vandalized Trump people at rallies? Fake and fraud!
R U kidding? Unmasked Tiki Torch Marchers? Where r your pics of AntiFa/BLM beating/vandalizing/masked carrying bats & bricks? Detached Much?
There were two other groups there, AntiFa and BLM, not known for just watching.  They came armored up and ready for battle.  Grow a spine!
Do your job get this raging lunatic out of office 25th Amendment!
You've earned some of my respect, now say the name DT! How about some actions like impeach or Amendment 25. People would respect you then!!!
Talk is cheap Senator. #impeach #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
Why r u normalizing the guy, impeach him think America first!
In this case now and in White House.

#replacetrump it is essential that ALL parties understand what is at stake and unite against this. NOW. He's shown who he is. #replacetrump
Dear @GOP trying to distance yourself from Trump: VOTER SUPPRESSION IS WHITE SUPREMACY IN ACTION.
OK, then call speaker Ryan and asks him to begin impeachment
Virtue signal...... Yawn
#uniteagainsttrump
The actual person you need to tell is right down the street. Not down the tweet. Walk the walk and talk the talk or go back to sleep
Call out Trump. #talkischeap
we need action, not words #DoSomethingGOP
Talk talk talk, enough!  DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
@jaketapper Great! So when is the GOP is going to denounce POTUS for articulating his contempt for fellow Americans daily.
I see it in the White House.  Do you?
Nice. Denounce @realDonaldTrump. Then it'll matter.
Pity your President doesn't feel the same
Sooooooo, you calling out Trump?
And yet, you haven't called out a president who supports & defends neo-Nazis on national tv? Trump's America. Trump's #neoGOP
President Trump called out HATE.rinos everywhere are going DOWN in 2018/2020. YOU don't support our President, WE DON'T support you!
It's time to denounce #45 @senorrinhatch. This is sick!
SAY HIS NAME
remember when obama invited black lives matter to whitehouse to dinner to honor them rapists,killers thieves?????
do you call out the hate done to our president trump and defend him from haters?or are you part of hate to president
This Is All A Distraction 2 Keep Americans Blind 2 t
The Fact Of The Criminal Behavior Going On In Nevada Court http://agenda21truth.blogspot.com/p/blog-page_17.html …
You forgot to call out your president @POTUS ??
Senate Hatch, say Trump's name when you speak about hate speech.  Thank you.
TAKE ACTION!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great statement.  Now you must remove the white supremacist, Nazi-sympathizer from the Oval Office.  Immediately
No back bone just posturing
Until you call out Donald J Trump, your words are meaningless
...and what are you prepared to DO  about @POTUS who gives cover to these wannabe thugs - tweets and empty statements do nothing
There are white supremacists in your precious GOP White House, including your President that you colluded with Russia to install.
Call out POTUS by name!
Will you ever CALL OUT hateful racist bile spewed by @POTUS @realDonaldTrump? R you #Complicit?  @sltrib @SLIndivisible #WorstPresidentEver
Sen Hatch: You said we should never hesitate to call out hate whenever we see it.  Then why are you not calling out POTUS?
Sen. Hatch, Trump has disgraced this nation & told millions he is ok with vicious racist neo-nazis terrorizing them. Ask 4 resignation.
My 7 year old grandson would say this.  Get a backbone or just don't speak.
It's nice of you @senorrinhatch but you need to mention the President's name or you're just covering 4 him and all your words will b empty!
Good start, but there needs to be a lot more action to combat that sort of hate. Even - maybe especially - if it means losing power.
if only it had rained some lives may have been saved.....why are the Police allowing terrorists to rally?
.@senorrinhatch Agreed. Now please remove @realDonaldTrump from office immediately. You have the power to do more than just talk. Save us!
No mention of the golfer in the gold tower!! Coward!!
WORDS are WORTHLESS unless YOU take some action.
Please call it out then. #ImpeachTrump
White supremacists are emboldened by President Trump. Impeach him.
Say his name Senator; say it, he is your @POTUS, take ownership now.  He's a white supremist Nazi.
I didn't see you tweeting when BLM & ANTIFA were rioting & destroying property & injuring people! JUST WHERE DO YOU STAND? U COWARD!
Unless, of course, it's committed by the Left.
I agree wi/Trump BOTH sides were violent Call them BOTH OUT! Neo-Nazis & Soros backs raging disrupters. Let Police do JOB
Your lip service is not enough. You and your GOP comrades are a co-equal branch of government. DO something about it besides tweeting.
If your tweets are genuine, then you must show action.
Please do something 2 save our country. Did you watch the Doc about the protest? It was done by a program called VICE. He said more will die
Impeach him. He is not qualified or worthy of the presidency. You know it. Show just an ounce of the courage of GIs fighting Nazis in WWII.
It's not gonna happen Hatch. Your coup will not work. You were not elected, Hillary was. #NOTMYPRESIDENT
You failed to call it out for the past 6-7 seven years. Trump was never called out.
#ImpeachTrump that's what you should be saying and doing!
@realDonaldTrump needs to go!
#ImpeachTrump
PLEASE somehow get rid of Trump.  He is evil and crazy and ruining our country.  This is from my heart, I'm not a Democrat either.
I'm literally afraid to live in this country at this point. I raised my kids to love all people and now they question what we stand for!!
Never! Always stand up for what is right , even if our president doesn't know. Fight hate, fight racism, fight for the healing of our nation
Say his name. Trump.
I agree, hate is never acceptable. As long as you support his agenda, you are complaisant with his hateful, damaging actions & words.
By blending with the two-sides approach, hesitate is what you just did, Senator Hatch.
So what are you going to do about Trump?
I'm calling you out then.
You should have done that when Trump was campaigning during the primaries and refused to denounce David Duke.
@bannerite So don't hesitate to call out @realDonaldTrump by name, coward?
now... right now I see hate in the White House.
What are you going to DO about this!  Words are useless with this horrid person.  It's time for you to take action.
So other then cheap talk what are you going to actually do about it while your brother rolls around in his grave?
Then call out the left because our Country will be like Germany very soon!! Don't be afraid to stand with POTUS!! Both sides were there!
Dear @senorrinhatch I appreciate your words, but will they be matched by action? It is time to remove this menace from the Oval Office.
Then call out the hateful words of our president. Make sure you're on the right side of history on this one MY DUDE.
@dandrezner Good start, but don't forget to call out the hater as well.
@MaggieJordanACN Time to stop supporting evil, Comrade Trump!
Maybe you could start by calling out the POTUS, then you might have some credibility, otherwise you're just enabling his hate.
#ImpeachTrump
, when are you then going to call out @realDonaldTrump? I know you're his biggest supporter so you must have the same ideals.
Then have the guts to name the racist - @realDonaldTrump if you need help - and then #ImpeachTrump Do what's right.
http://bit.ly/2vGPsLM 
Senator Hatch, please put your pow and your words to action impeach or help invoke amendment 25 or you will be complicit. Your brother ...
Except you didn't. Failed to call out @realDonaldTrump for being a nazi racist. There, you can use it next time you want to fake outrage.
Words, Senator. Time for you and the GOP to act responsibly and deal with the @realDonaldTrump issue. You know he's not fit to lead the US.
Time You & the GOP stand up for America. Not Trump, the Tyrant. Democracy is not being represented. Only Hate
Thanks to our president who called them out 4 days in a row. Let's not be naive though.  The media has an agenda.
Then don't hesitate to implore #Trump to #FireBannon  We all can see it, it's in the office down the hall.  Your move.
@senorrinhatch You say to "call out" hate. Our @POTUS is now an admitted racist supporter. What will you DO about it? #ImpeachTrump now.
Even if that hate is right in front of u? Do u have the courage to do that? Maybe u are where u are today to uphold your brothers legacy?
@jaketapper Good, but you forgot to include @POTUS in your tweet
Call out hate against children of immigrants like you did in 2001 when co-authored Dream Act. What happened to you?
How does censure of the President sound after such a despicable display of support for hatred?
What are you going to do about it?
Do YOUR job, sir. #ImpeachTrump
You're right! I'll call out hate. Your president is a racist!
Stop capitulating #ImpeachTrump
Don't you wish your boss felt that way. Would you let the Devil take over the pulpit in your church? Why let the Devil own our country?
Now its you're turn to act senator. Grind government to a halt
And our leaders should do more than that --stop exploiting it for power & gain. Your words & deeds matter. Real leadership NOW! Can u do it?
so, when will you use your elected position to call out our President, and hold him accountable? We deserve more from you!
President Trump did just that. "Both sides" is his "wink-wink" to white supremacists to continue.
So what is this Senator?
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DHUHTQYXkAE8G6f.jpg …
Good for you standing up.  What about the rest of the republican senators???
Hate is hate, regardless of which side you support.  Hate IS wrong!
Great sentiment, senator. It will carry far more weight if you denounce the speaker of hate-your dear leader, the president.
For the love of all that is good and decent in America start The impeachment
Then you need to call for impeachment. #ImpeachTrump
Your tweet sounds hollow until you and other GOP leaders take action to end this fiasco of trump as president
Then call for hate to resign the presidency then sir otherwise your quotes are useless
Thank You. The America people will remember your contribution to the healing that must occur
Notice that Hatch nevers say anything about Trump's remarks...Hatch must feel the same way Trump does.  God save us
Then do something about the divisive pres we have.
Mr. Hatch, it's now also time to call out the 45th president. If you don't then you are also complicit Do so before he destroys this nation!
Impeach him
Why have you been silent up to now?
Hmmm....yet you keep supporting him....not impressed...party over country?
You are in one of the best positions to do something about it
I commend you. Now pls back this up. History is watching. It will obliterate Trumpism and all who stood by. You have the power to stop him.
Them impeach him.
Mr Hatch then you must call out Trump, until then your words mean little.

Step up, be a voice for HATE
Senator lead your colleagues and do something about this madness in the executive branch!
