They were increasing by double-digits annually BEFORE the ACA, too. The ACA isn't the problem, but a symptom. Be constructive or go home.

@ChrisMurphyCT explains how #Obamacare isn't dying Trump is purposefully killing it

So Fix It Don't Take away People's Health care. Your Rich Supporters don't Need Tax Breaks as Much as Americans need Healthcare #trumpcare
Then do something. We supported you and we have the majority. Get to work or we will replace you.
Listen up there are lots of eyes and ears watching govt nowadays that didn't b4! Ya better do yo job or we will make sure your out!
#maga
What have you done to keep costs down for people? What regulations will you enforce to reign in insurers? #healthcare You serve the People!
They do not care about the People only their agenda of power and $$
You and your 8 bot followers should go organize your Antifa riot...we got this
There are no muslims or pigs in that pic. You're being ridiculous & hateful. #countryoverparty Unite for stronger #democracy! #unhackthevote
Democrats to Kick-Off 'Resistance Summer' to Trump with ‘House Parties’ Featuring Keith Ellison http://bit.ly/2ryvu6J  via @BreitbartNews
How much will premiums increase for the SAME COVERAGE under your plan?
Well.... fix it bubbas.
How about putting your piece of crap up there too.
Trumpcare will be a disaster.  Premiums - up, number insured - down, essential benefits - down, less coverage 4 more money.  DISASTER.
Do you really think we believe a word you say? Oh yes I forgot, you don't really care
Just wait until Trumpcare goes into effect.
Too bad #AHCA would increase costs for the elderly by 800% (i.e. almost eight times as much).
45 universal healthcare nations on earth. Americans are human like those people. Why we don't deserve a better healthcare system?The truthP
Its all about money.  Healthcare for all Americans means less tax cuts for the wealthy.  We need to get the money out of politics! #Resist
Instead the @gop wants to kill millions of people by taking away their health care. How does this help our country?
And the GOP bill is even worse.  That's like pointing out someone stealing a car while you are committing murder
Any Senator That Supports #AHCA & Causes The Old & Poor There HC Will Be VOTED OUT When There Term Is Done. WE Need People That Work For Us
The good news is that with the Republican plan, you will have no premiums at all because you won't be able to get insurance.
Thank you for working for America.  Let's help the Prez get the agenda passed BEFORE the long vacation.

FIX ACA FIX ACA! YOU WORK FOR US STOP THE GAMES PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING! You need to u understand you are going to kill people own that!
@senorrinhatch Like they weren't skyrocketing before that? 
Let's have some honesty here.
Because you and the insurance companies got greedy and sabotaged ACA. AHCA stinks from the start. Why do you hate America and her people?
Why has this been allowed? Can't fix it? Come on if you don't figure it out then you have no business enacting a new health care plan.
7 years to fix it. #LazyAss #GOP You're wasting everyone's time. Tweeting doesn't solve anything. #GetToWork #FixACA #GetALife
Why is that? Because the ACA needs to be tweaked, fixed, and strengthened. All states must buy in and congress must guarantee payments.
Why can't people purchase ins across state lines? #ACA #trumpcare
If you only count the states who have actively dissuaded people from signing up and didn't expand Medicaid, you're going to skew results.

@CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost Fair and balanced reporting anyone.
So is this a promo for single payer?
this is what GOP market rigging looks like, #ELECTION2018
How about u stop trying to destroy Obama care and start trying to fix it. Geez!
@SenateDems @SenSchumer @HouseDemocrats where are the Dems? Should be blasting msgs about GOP x-ing reinsurance risk cooridors and mandate!
Lying Republicans, time to vote them out.
Why don't U try telling the WHOLE truth about why that is? You seem to be leaving out the part "because these states didn't expand Medicade"

Cheaper to eliminate all Fed Govt HC, abolish restrictions on HC insurers, eliminate state lines on HC industry and subsidize elderly/poor
I'm anti_ACA.  But it's time to pause, fund ACA until We have the chance to solve the real HC problem.  Fed Govt needs to get out of HC biz.
Lying charlatans. Obamacare was/is not perfect but if it's failing it's GOP's doing. You will pay at the voting booth! FlipTheHouse!
Because health care remains for-profit "INSURANCE." Medicare for All, single-payer, non-profit care needed. Let's join civilized world.
Gee... "let's sabotage this at every turn and then denigrate it when our sabotage efforts work."

You people are revolting.
Healthcare costs for private sector has risen too. You need to address costs with the healthcare companies.
Better than no insurance under #AHCA & #GOP #PreexistingConditions Curious how GOP is is full court press on #Obamacare #VOGOP
Life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness are our rights. Health care isn't one of them
The problem with it is America has a government totally ok about it
RISK CORRIDOR DEFINDED BY YOU.  May God have mercy on your souls if you have them.
This is a great way to ignore Russia. Getting rid of the corruption is the only way to save the GOP. Pay attention, guys.
You have betrayed the interests of the country and your office for the sake of your agenda.  Stop playing w/our lives!
more BS all they want is tax breaks for their rich friends ! Fix it , do your job !
You folks are the problem. 23 mil lose care, elderly pay more. We are coming with our votes in 2018.
*GOP pisses in the soup*
Also GOP: Hey! There's piss in this soup! This is terrible! Vote for us!
2017 is the year YOU gained a majority! These are Rep. figures are after you pulled funding. It's public knowledge! You more than doubled it
Stop using premium increases as marketing tool to counter 23 million uninsured on Trumpcare. You did this by weakening marketplace! Fix it!
Because @GOP sabotaged market by not paying cost sharing/reinsurance premiums to insurers & not mandating healthy to participate in pool.
You have officially become enemies of the state.@Gop hates Americans #TrumpCrimeFamily #CountryOverParty  #AHCA #FireSessions
You're not the only one who can make an infographic
So how does kicking 23 million off health care make things better? And rates go up 800% on older Americans ?? we are watching and not stupid
You put wrenches into at every turn
Where were you when Obama was begging for your input?  #CRICKETS.
They were right there adding >100 amendments then complaining about length of bill before lying about all its content & not voting for it!
First we put the useful idiot in a headlock, then we go after the dark money sociopaths backing you guys.
Republicans are colluding with ins companies to leave markets. That should be the next congressional investigation
Because you sabotaged it. You can't build, you can't lead. You only destroy. America was once great - you are killing it.
Well instead of screwing with it to make it fail, like you have done fix it. Oh will you big med donors get mad when they make less money.
You think they are high now? Just wait if #trumpcare comes to pass. More than 23 MILLION WILL LOSE HEALTH INSURANCE!!!
And your bill is worse.
So ... lower the premiums via regulation on what they're allowed to charge?
GOP has systematically undermined ACA at the expense of your constituents for political gains.
Premiums were increasing anyway and now we are guaranteed coverage for pre-existing conditions.Worth it for that & all that my policy covers
I see you still won't talk AHCA. Could that have something to do with the CBO score??
To all Rep, I'm betting u won't do a thing w/ HC. You're scared to death of the democrats. They play you as puppets.
yes we no Obama care sucks. Where is the replacement bill promised for the last 8 years
Make an actual analysis on how to fix these issues rather than just pointing them out. What are you, 1st graders!?
Under the AHCA they seem to only be increasing more. 23 million will actually no longer be able to afford it in 9 years.
That's still way better than the 947% increase the CBO says your Horrendous Republican Healthcare plan will cause for those 64 and older!
"Insurance works better when they don't have to cover sick people and can just reach into your pockets"
GOP propaganda. what are you doing to fix the system and let us all keep our insurance
CBO - if u r 64 your premiums go from 1700 to 13600 - good job guys and I do mean guys
Americans are not stupid. Sabotaging Obamacare = 2018 massacre
Y'all have some nerve tweeting out this tripe after that #CBO score. #Trumpcare #resistwithquist
Annnnddd in the @HouseGOP Bill those premiums increase 800%. How is your ideology any different from theirs? #Trumpcare  #resistwithquist
Fix it 2018
Keep deflecting away from your terrible plan.  You jackals ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
And you are doing what to solve the problem? Nothing is your status quo to date
Pre existing conditions premiums to rise 800 % under new plan.  Seniors bend over, it's gonna hurt
What are we paying taxes for? Taxes should directly benefit The People. We don't  need more military and the rich shouldn't get a windfall.
GOP status quo "we have great healthcare, screw you peons."
You scumbags your man in Montana should be effing charged with assualt wtf?
Stop whining and start fixing
Go fix the Bill, instead of standing around waiting for Democratic approval.
Explain to me how a 64 year old can afford your healthcare plan? Apparently you're the death panel your Sarah Palin was talking about
#TrumpCare is a horror show and a body blow to your own constituents. Of course, it's not your constituents you're thinking about
GOP AHCA will cause 800% rises, deny millions insurance, remove basic HC & kill more than 22 Americans. GOP is a terrorist organization.
Ok. Then solve the problem, you are in charge.
#TrumpCare is a sham. Of course we don't have your FREE Health Insurance for life #gopsham
You're not fooling anyone with this parsing. Sooner or later individuals find out how this affects them, and then the @GOP will #deathspiral
sing it with me, any increases are due to the GOP failing to do its job to support ACA.
The replies on here are not in your favor.  Start LISTENING to the MAJORITY IN THIS COUNTRY!! #StopTheGreed
What the hell just happened you tell that man Gianforte  now hes gonna have to cough real hard & spit up about two hundred thousand dollars
Better glad he didn't do that to Texan money would be the last of hi worries what the f he body slammed a reporter this is not Russia
You know what game over I done had it got me saying all kind of bad words im tire of this S
How dare you allow your insurance buddies to raise premiums for my parents by 800%. Why do we care about making health insurance CEOs rich?
& whatever you do, don't mention the Russians.
$3 TRILLION in tax breaks to top 1% doing away w/estate tax.  But, you want to stop funding for "MEALS ON WHEELS"??!! #StopTheGreed"
And, what is the GOP's solution? Trumpcare??? 
One American Citizen  ot covered by healthcare is unacceptable. Fix it.
Almost as bad as the 800% Republicans plan on increasing older peoples premiums. Don't forget the 24M you are taking health care away from.
When the Dems have had enough of Obamacare's failure, that's the time to repeal and replace it.  Be patient.
#AARP "@sarahkliff CBO est that in states requesting #AHCA waivers, premiums 4 low-income elderly wld go UP 800%
Doesn't matter.Can't afford now.Soon no one to buy it from in current plan.What is your solution.Single payer? Wait a minute that's me too!
Question: why aren't YOU taking the healthcare, the #AHCA you're forcing on millions?

You'll all get it eventually
this Obamacare not only failed America as a medical resource, it in fact created mass vulnerability event of PII&creditworthiness
Have you seen the CBO score for YOUR plan? It's horrendous. You rip healthcare from the elderly & children to give tax cuts to the wealthy!
Why????  You continually voted to repeal it from the beginning. Could have worked with Obama. R's sabotaged it.  Disgusting!!!
We will never forget! You are at fault!! 2018 is coming!!!!!
45 universal healthcare nations on earth. Americans are human like those people. Why we don't deserve a better healthcare system?SeriousA
Both parties need to go. 3 decades of self service and lacking leadership have brought us to this point. Buhbye greedy assholes.
Let's see the numbers for people priced out of the market that don't qualify for the Obamacare freebie taxpayers have to pay for!


Republicans made a HUGE mistake...shuda come out and stated that Dems were gonna own that nightmare unless bipartisan cooperation
..yeah...there's a problem with rising health costs...That has nothing to do with the ACA.....separate issue needing your attention. Fix it!

AHCA is just Obamacare Light 
that is NOT what we Elected you to do 
we want FULL repeal  and something a lot more the Private sector
only because u made those (R) governors to reject ALL things @POTUS44! U ain't slick! #NoTaxBreaks4Top1% not fair! Stop it! #Thieves
But u rinos wonta pass his bill bcause you wa t to hurt him instead of helping. Bt wIt till 2018. U crerps r going. We need new blood
are you trumpsplaining?
How many more people have insurance now?
I was paying $1069/mo before my company booted pre-65 yr old retirees from our healthcare plan. It was not affordable & now I've no options
You're going to blow up the nations health care market to give a few hundred families a tax cut? You guys are done.
Doesn't change the fact you want to strip 23 million from insurance while giving a filthy tax break to the rich. #FuckingAssholes
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2017/04/30/so-much-for-obamacares-death-spiral-as-insurers-look-to-expand/amp/ …
End obambamcare now

Let it fail!!!
