where were you to do your job to confirm Obama's Supreme Court nominee. Not doing your jobs! throwing a fit!
So a few days is more objectionable than the last 8 years of obstruction from the GOP? #StolenSCOTUSseat
Two words: Merrick Garland.
that rings hollow.  Dems are asking for specific info before vote.  Reps said we're not acting for another year.
needs to do his job and Protect  from predators like these pics. The "Foreclosure King" and stock liar? TY Dem
Republicans blocked Obamacare at every turn. This is the result
You seem to on the edge of senility. You did not have these complaints when your were DOING THE SAME DAMN THING.
Seriously?  #MerrickGarland
Go back to sleep
Hatch: MERRICK GARLAND. 8 years of unprecedented GOP obstructionism. How much are they paying you for this?
thank you!!  They need to grow up!  They aren't being paid to protest!
Send the sergeant at arms to collect them, stop playing nice with them.
Senator, How about you apologize for Merrick Garland then resign.  That would be a start to healing the country
one day. You did nothing for 8 years silly Republicans
You blocked & gridlocked Obama's nomination for SCJ-what goes around comes around.  You deserve what ur getting
God Bless You Senator!!! 
Too bad! You took our seat! We won't give you yours! KEEP IT AT 8!!!
And where were you for the last eight years? Nothing but obstructionists. Now Trump/Bannon puppets!
and we haven't forgotten your shameful position with regard to Anita Hill.  You are a disgusting old man.
Ever hear of Merrick Garland, Orrin?  
Do your job.
#Orrinhatch So you want to deprive US senators from exercising their God-Given right to protest for the people?
2 ILLEGITIMATE cabinet members for an ILLEGITIMATE president! This is NOT a dictatorship even u want it to be!
Merrick Garland. hear that?
And where were you when President Obama selected Judge Garland for the SCOTUS!? YOU HYPOCRITE!!!
What a role model you make for our country, calling other adults "idiots". My child would be punished for that.
how forgetful, was shameful how you treated Pres. Obama and Ignored Garland . Hypocritical. Phony outrage !
not for long. Finally ppl are awake on both sides-pink slips are coming! Till then #Resist #Obstruct #Filibuster
Yeah right! Just like you did your job to confirm Obama's Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland? Hypocrite.
@MPierce47 @HeritageOTH @SenOrrinHatch And where have u been  last 8 yrs?Surely, not passing any bills for the people,only ubstruct
merrick garland
Merrick Garland
Very proud of you today, Senator Hatch!
@elle0984 you tell those babies Senator.. good for you
There is more truth in Real Time w John Avlon***(Bill), than in every word spoken by Fox News since inception!!!
MERRICK GARLAND! How does that cold glass of KARMA taste???
Nor are you some Prince who has the right to shut out voices of your constituency! Ridiculous. You are ELECTED.
Maybe they mean do your job to protect our democracy & constitution from this bumbling administration.
In case you haven't noticed, America at large is sick of the hate. Your nasty partisan words are TIRED.
Reminds me of May 2013 when Repub Senators boycotted Gina McCarthy.   Maybe R's shouldn't have started this?

If LDS are as hypocritical as Protestants who hate us, we are more contemptible because we know more
You don't know how to communicate, and you should be on the side of the sinner, not the hypocrite RICH! Alma1:30
do you remember Merrick Garland!!!!!!!
short memory? Merrick Garland...Loretta Lynch...

Oh you mean you don't like it when they play your game? GET OVER IT!
Trump administration is taking names, don't get complacent! Your actions or lack of speak for you.
Two Words: Merrick Garland
Indeed you are, all rested and rearing to go after your 8 year hiatus. You're still the "establishment".
You are a giant hypocrite!  #Noshame
but you weren't for 8 years right?
You are a hypocrite sir. EPA pick in 2013, Merrick Garland..countless other things. And you call them idiots?
dock their pay.  Pass a term limits bill.
shame on u sir. This is our country not a game. They are trying to get u to take these candidates seriously.
As I said b4 

Gal 6:7 God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.

U are reaping.
Much like the past eight years, only Republicans actually SHUT DOWN gov. Short memory=small mind.
But you Reps. spent 8 years doing NOTHING except passing pointless legislation. U have no moral ground 2stand on
Have you already forgotten the mindless GOP obstructionism of the last 8 years? Or are you just a hypocrite?
Karmas a bitch...get used to it
Why should anyone collaborate with the GOP agenda of hate and incompetence
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
better remember, world small Americans talk with all countries/people/gov., US has become a joke!!
that's why the GOP dragged its feet for 10 months w/ the Supreme Court nomination by Pres. 44 #Unconstitutional
why did u hatch not do your job for 8 years of the Obama admins. Papa don't preach.
Who would have thought violating constitutional duty and w/ Obama's SCOTUS pick would come back to bite you. Sad
82 is to old to serve us....Please retire SR!
if you had done your job the past 12 months there'd be no absence on the Supreme Court #hypocrite #RetireOldMan
- Mark their votes as abstained and move on.
As a Dem, I'd encourage our Senators & Reps to cooperate IF @GOP wasn't pandering to POTUS. YOU step up 1st.
Hypocrites
And Democrats don't want to hear from you after what you did to Merrick Garland. @GOP #hypocrite
Sen. republicans started this by no hearing on Garland - u demand dems play nice when u didn't #hipocrisydefined
omg you must be senile, Orrin. Doesn't the name Garland ring a bell? You taught us well, old man.
.@HeritageOTH @SenOrrinHatch Then what do you call the pure obstructionism of your last 8 years? You sure as hell weren't THERE.
Since when have you done your job...Merrick Garland
but you weren't at the @BetsyDeVos count? 
How dare u talk about decorum. The #GOP displayed it poorly for 8 years. What about Merrick Garland? #hypocrisy
Getting a little of your own medicine?! A year later still no hearing for Garland!!! 
Merrick Garland.
Just showing up and rubber stamping Trump's horrendous picks is not the same as actually doing your job
Please retire as soon as possible
That's fresh coming from a party that called for a complete govt shutdown a few years ago. #hypocrites
Everyone keeps say Merrick Garland. How about 8 fuckkng years of #totalobstruction ur faux outrage fools no one
Merrick Garland...nuff said.
put your country first Senator, not your party.Trump is destroying this country and you know it. Save your soul.
MERRICK GARLAND!!!
Where the hell have you been over the last 8 years? Turnabout, Orrin, is fair play.
After Garland, you have no high ground.
The Democrats ought to keep this up for 4 more years.
You were also there from 2008-16 and you didn't do jack shit. Name on bill created & passed for Vets & citizens.
awwww you are starting to sound a little whiny...that karma is a biyatch isn't it
I guess you have taken an 8 year paid vacation.  So maybe it is time for you to be back to work.
YOU REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS MR.HATCH. ALL OF US.
Hypocrisy at full throttle.  Garland should be on SCOTUS, but the Republicans, using your words, "were idiots."
shut your fucking trap you pathetic piece of worthless shit .
Remember Merrick Garland? We do! You do understand karma - or at least, irony?
are you f** kidding me? Are you senile? Did you all not block pres. obama's nominee for the Supreme Court?
Boa...Muito bom - rsrsrsrsr
hypocrite
You know Dems were taking correct & moral path in blocking nominees. Pls join them for good of USA!
That's rich, considering all of you refused to even grant a hearing, as required by the Constitution for Garland
Roses for Hitler? MERRICK GARLAND
thanks for standing up.
Then why didn't you show up to vote on Betsy deVos today?  Your vote actually mattered!!
if you are NOT going to stand up and stop this FASCIST REGIME, congress is going to change colors in 2018! SHAME
Yes Dems!!!
I'm very disappointed @SenOrrinHatch, I feel ppl need to be heard, with that statement, you don't seem to know what you're doing anymore.
stop crying.  You were obstructionist the last 8 years
Suck it up!
I'm not a Demo. The people expressed their wishes in the last election. Now get some guts and get on the offense
KGB Hatch chastised dems who will not support KGB takeover of America. Enjoy your last term KGB Hatch.
You haven't done your fucking job for 8 years, you're gonna keep hearing it.
well it only took you 6 god damn years to get there. We won't forget
they should be ashamed the dems still don't get why they lost
Where we Repubs for the last year on the Supreme nominee?? You weren't there.
Pick a candidate that doesn't want to destroy Medicare, I am proud my Senator is saying NO to this awful pick!
didn't realize how bad your own medicine tastes huh
Extremely disappointed, Senator. This is the time for good Americans to stand up, not pander along party lines.
#hypocrite Don't like it when your tactics are used against you huh? Stop whining and #DoYourJob
Senator Hatch was a patriot once. It's sad, truly, how much things have changed.  @SenOrrinHatch
You sir r being hypocritical. Senate Dems r right to demand more info from these nominees! They r shady
thank you completely agree sick of their petty news conferences vite one way or the other
Merrick Garland. SenHatch #partyovercountry #partyoverethics @HeritageOTH @SenOrrinHatch
Well, you spent the last eight years obstructing Obama, so you better get used to this.
Nice of you to show up considering you didn't for 8 years.
If they don't show up , remove from Comm It's derogation of duty Appoint someone who will perform the job
All you Republicans are getting removed next election.
the biggest group of hypocrites this country has ever encountered. I hope you ALL go down with trump. #resist
So I guess that makes you and all the Republicans idiots for refusing to confirm Obama's SCOTUS pick. Hypocrite.
reading Cat in the Hat on the Senate floor.  Listen, don't be a hypocrite.  Stand up for us!  Vote NO!!
kinda like what you did here? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8A60wwD92Xc … when is the swamp going to be drained? oh never.
.@HeritageOTH @SenOrrinHatch @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz Who was obstructing Obama's SCOTUS appointment and others? Just like #LyingDonald.

Not for long!  Trump and Bannon's coup is on. Trumps picks are the ones who are helping take over the country.
You didn't do your job under Obama's presidency. You blocked everything. Now the shoe's on the other foot.
They’re doing what we want them to do. !
Your job is to nominate competent & qualified people. You didn't do your job for eight years - Stop Whining!
Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland. Karma asshole.
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
OMG. Merrick Garland. Eat it, Orrin, you're spineless. Der Führer ist schlecht.

Merrick Garland
GOP wasn't loud but they sat on their hands,collected paychecks & let Americans suffer 4 GOP resentment of Obama
'how dare they use OUR playbook !!'
um actually didn't you just vote by proxy? Isn't that appointing someone ELSE to do your job?
Refussing to vote on Pres Obama's Supreme Court nominee- is that stupid as well?We can all agree DeVos+ED=Stupid
"acting stupid by not voting on these fine men"?Many homeless would dispute your criteria.Also stupid like

BS your obstruction for 8 years? Not letting Garland have a hearing?Hope ppl start calling out your hypocrisy
Hatch not worried about dismissing many of his state with his 'idiots' comments. Way to stoop to Trump levels!
It's disheartening to know that Hatch doesn't care about many of the residents of his state.We're idiots. Nice.
Merrick Garland
NEWS FLASH: Democrats are Americans too. You work for them. Get it together.
How about hearing from your constituents?!! I am so disappointed that you allowed DeVos to be confirmed!
What's wrong snowflake cant take the heat ? Poor little Hatch
You said no problem for Merrick Garland to be confirmed and then you blocked him.  You have no integrity.
hey Richie you after you sitting on your ass for 12 months
MERRICK GARLAND
Merrick Garland
That's a whole lotta quotes. Now do your job. Reminder: your job isn't actually to placate Trump.
Merrick Garland.
"We should be able to meet on those differences." Like the Repubs did for the past 8 yrs? HAHAHAHA! #hypocrite
they are not there, out of protest. Trump's picks are for profit, not for the people!
8 years Republican block president Obama now the tone is change.
Merrick Garland.
z
We the Majority of America Don't want 2 hear UR BS EXCUSES to excuse Incompetence! 2 hurt the  People! Get It!
You're a despicable hypocrite.
BUT YOU WEREN'T!
