Senator Hatch,
It is time to call for impeachment hearings to start.
It will take time but there is enough evidence to start planning.
He's the wrong person to ask that. Thus like asking a cop to help you to commit a crime
In the end, he is a politician & like a reed, will bend to the winds of public sentiment.
Let him know the change you want
#RunningAMarathon
Yes, but HE. DOESN'T. LISTEN. If you want to talk to someone who cares, I suggest @SenMikeLee
I'll add him to my list.
Thanks!
we are all concerned for all of our citizens, including the millions upon millions that need healthcare. Single payer. medicare for all
I will, if you please consider working a healthcare plan that doesn't give tax breaks to top 1%. Fix not repeal.
Pls consider giving us the healthcare you have
@senorrinhatch - please put together legislation to protect transgender in the military - please
#TransRightsAreHumanRights #LGBTQ #transban
Your leadership has devastated this great land making it a country without honor, integrity,or justice a Gov't of criminals 4 corruption.
I hope you retire this year. Your service is no longer required or wanted.
Hey, how about you help with #DavidSneddon? Or does that not fit with your agenda?
Full repeal! Of obama care.
You've been a senator for too long.
Omg both Utah senators are on there.  So embarrassing 
While Josh Holt is a HUMANITARIAN effort, Americans want swift and decisive action against the Criminals ofthe democrat party #Justice4Seth
Every life is precious & admirable u fight for 1 Utahn life -but what about the millions of American lives u were happy to jeopardize?
#AHCA
"Imprisoned", Senator.
My friend-this is important_
BUT COMPARED With this filed Dr.SURVEY-
That Will End the Murder of Unborn?
WILL YOU DEFEND OUR UNBORN CHILDREN
He voted YES to take healthcare from 16 million and raise rates by 20%. Don't reelect Hatch in 2018!!
Learn to spell
Look what he's doing to these children! 

This is NOT America!
#OutragedandUnafraid DACA youth are showing this country this fight is a fight for ALL immigrants in the first DACA sit-in of the Trump Era 
Can't trust this man he's a two faced Rino's say what you want to hear and as all of them lie lie then take steal deceiving nothing
Good grief did you even see what his tweet was about? 
Since your party tried to rob citizens of healthcare, we want open hearings on the Budget. We just don't trust you.
hii how are you hatch
Trump Works24/7 Now do your job A Do Or Die Moment 4 The @GOP The Americans demand U Repeal Obamacare!
Cut welfare for insurance companies
Hey Trump on it!!
Sadly Hatch doesn't care. He is busy covering for the Trump regime turning America over to the Russians. Hatch supports Putin
Why do you Russian's-republicans loves Russians more than Americans?#Real-republicans will challenge Trump without fear!
I love America. I voted Rep for the first time last year, but I'm even concerned about what's going on!
I appreciate and love you. Thanks for taking a stand for your beloved country and it's restoration.
It seems our choice for president came down to two criminals. What the hell is going on here? Insanity
are you truly denying the collusion? or are you saying it doesn't matter? wtf???
SENATOR, GO DOWN TO VENEZUELA AND GET JOSH!
Mitch McConnells twitter account is now locked! I'm beyond pissed st the entire @SenateGOP refuse to REPEAL #obamacare. Americans r hurting!
Because only a idiot would do anything equivalent to entering Iran, Syria, or North Korea with the country already having descended into
Chaos and worse
Have you no shame?
If you truly love this country you will not support enemies like Russians to dismantle democracy!#Would-you?
Hatch is!a publicity whore with no real influence.
Please consider not robbing millions of Americans of their healthcare.
Retweet 4 U? As you take away my family's healthcare, sell my privacy right, kill wolf/bear cubs in their dens were they feel safe. No, no!
Please reconsider unblocking your constituents on the public forum that is your official Facebook page. #1stAmendment #RestoreMyRights
Our allies aren't giving us anti-terrorism Intel.  It's time to move trump@pence out.If @SpeakerRyan is dirty too, you're 46. You know this!
Retweeting doesn't do crap.  Man up and do something about it.  You're the people in control of government, not us.  FFS.  Grow a pair.
I am a little preoccupied with having Putin's protege in @POTUS office at the moment. Can you please choose , and help fix this?
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/venezuela-crisis/u-s-missionary-newlywed-wife-mark-year-venezuelan-prison-n778406 … #utpol
Nowhere to go. #StopTheBan #RefugeeBan

actually only about 3 million


This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 

Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. 

.@SenateMajLdr is going to kill us! 



The KKK are a domestic terrorist organization. Put them back on the list.
Stand up to trump!!
