Do what you know is best.  Work w @SenateDems to fix our health system.  "Repeal" is a costly, cruel distraction.
Because fixing its imperfections is hard.
Quit lying. GOP is terrorizing Americans w their horror of a "healthcare" bill.
#ACA is not in a "Death Spiral". Ending GOP sabotage would be a start. Spiteful & wasteful to start over.
GOP sabotage = actively working against the American people. Shameful.
GOP has lost its way. #SaveACA
Please #FullRepeal as promised. Make 4 dissenters feel guilty for not keeping promise to #FullRepeal.
The "failing" status quo? Now you're beginning to sound like your new Godfather. Sen. Hatch, HC was failing in the US long before the ACA.
They were put in office to serve their constituents, not to kiss 45 ass regardless of the crap put in front of them. Do u care abt anything?
Do we throw tens of millions off health insurance with no mercy? (SEVEN YEARS TO MAKE A PLAN!) Or do we work with Dems now to improve ACA?
There was nothing wrong with what we had before Obamacare
My sister lives in Sandy. She voted for you, has a few times. She was born with autism, ACA has helped her so much. Please. Dont hurt her
Yeah, like he cares about your sister. He only cares about her vote.
Leave it or fix it. Repealing will only hurt people that need it. If you haven't figured out that yet you need to resign your post move on.
There is a third choice: work with the democrats! Come up with something better than ACA and better than repeal. Is only way. Just start!!!!
Stop talking. Utahns should be ashamed of you. I have no clue how people still like you.
Get Gov out of healthcare before it's too late!! Saul & Alinsky would approve of Socialized medicine 
McConnellCare is just as UNCONSTITUTIONAL as Obamacare - Free Markets - Gov get out of my business - Thank GOD for Senator Lee
Repeal, don't replace

THREAD TO RE-TWEET & SHARE!!  THE HUGE LIE ABOUT ACA!! Obamacare is not in ‘death spiral’ http://www.msnbc.com/am-joy/watch/obamacare-is-not-in-death-spiral-901208131742 … via @msnbc
It is NOT failing. Stop the lies senator. Do NOT NOT NOT vote to repeal. We wo;; remember how you vote, especially this one
Just read it email, Maj of Americans didn't want ur plan, ACA failing bc no support from REPS in pwr, dissenters were speaking mind no rebel
We can't afford work insurance- ACA pushed up premiums. Not eligible for ACA. Now we pay for own ins + subsidize Ocare! Ridiculous.
Trump should sanction any hospital, pharmacy or doctor that accepts Obamacare payments. Publish a list & the people can boycott them.
Repeal now or we the people replace in November
Get you out of office. Medicare, health care, for all. Tax equally. Wealthy pay their share.
Senator HATCH on the take 
Please explain:
You & all the other Progressive Swamplicans lied to us! You promised to repeal #Obamacare and failed,we are paying for something we cant use
Repeal now
You leave the *functional* stays quo in place and have the integrity not to act until you are certain a new plan will be an improvement.
STOP LYING!!
THREAD TO RE-TWEET & SHARE!!  THE HUGE LIE ABOUT ACA!! Obamacare is not in ‘death spiral’ http://www.msnbc.com/am-joy/watch/obamacare-is-not-in-death-spiral-901208131742 … via @msnbc
We really need this completed for the country. Those against it will be surprised when they loose seat. The peoples cries will be heard.
The fact this is even a question proves what a dimwit u & your murderous brethren are.  THAT'S the political reality before us & it's clear.
while Trumpcare is MORE EXPENSIVE, has HIGHER DEDUCTIBLES and won't cover everyone, it will enable the GOP to give the wealthy HUGE Tax cuts
You are a phony.  Mike Lee is taking the patriotic stance and you are a weasel
Your party tried to kill a comprehensive plan for 8 years
You mean: Do we strip insurance from millions of Americans just to soothe our egos? #downthehatch
From Utah:  Neither--Fix it. Please do the right thing.
#Obamacare is NOT failing. You and your GOP are causing this. We see what you are doing. Are you willing to let people die to prove a point?
Repeal it!!!
Answer: improve what it there with Dems and get on with doing your job this is getting sickening you are obstructing progress @SenateGOP
And please dont trust @mike_pence mike & @SeemaCMS 's numbers. Indiana is dead last in caring for elderly & disabled http://www.courier-journal.com/story/life/wellness/health/2017/07/11/kentucky-and-indiana-called-worst-u-s-long-term-care-elderly-disabled/417755001/ …
#fixitdontnixit #MedicareForAll #savetheACA
How about you give us what you have? You all should have to have the same coverage you expect others to have. What makes you all better?
This is called an either/or fallacy.
How about you fix the status quo like a majority of Americans want, Orrin?
Repeal and let Interstate Capitalism work for itself.
Those are your only 2 options? How bout working with the dems to find a solution that won't screw over millions of Americans?
It means that Republican has an either you do it or out you go or you are fired " REPEAL OR REPLACE" we the people are watching
Please collaborate with Dems to find mutually agreeable solutions. It would be such a breath of fresh air.
Your use of the word "failing" is a Trump echo chamber
It's only failing if you make it fail. It will be your fault
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
You all have had SEVEN YEARS to come up with a better plan. YOU FAILED. #Truth
FACT: #Obamacare is only 'exploding' in red states where @GOP governors have successfully sabotaged the program http://fw.to/ajtmW6i  #ACA
In the States that accepted Medicaid expansion and did not have GOP sabotage it, the rates have been quite stable.
The Cruelty and Fraudulence of Mitch McConnell’s Health Bill
#BREAKING: Study shows ObamaCare markets are "stabilizing," not collapsing
Obamacare has never been more popular. Work with Dems to make it even better. IT IS NOT FAILING EXCEPT IN THE MINDS OF THE REPUBLICANS!
repeal it. Don't need a govt health replacement. Just restore liberty
#FullRepeal, effective 2017 Dec 31!!  Get obstructionist Dems off their asses to work on BIPARTISAN healthcare system!
FALSE DILEMMA, @senorrinhatch--how 'bout you and the @GOP work with Democrats to improve the ACA?
ONLY thing Congressional Republicans REALLY care about, #1 on GOP agenda, is MAKING GOP CORPORATE OWNERS IN ALEC EVEN WEALTHIER. SELL OUTS!!
Touch your phone screen to read the entire meme
Australia type healthcare is the answer if there really is a problem with Obama Care. How can you not know that ?
Your honor we need to repeal it and bring all the HMO's to a place to start a new. Good luck sir.
There is a third option. Hint: all of Europe and Australia have it.
THE ACA IS NOT FAILING! You are lying!
Why are you so obsessed with doing one of only 2 things. You guys need to think outside of your own brains. #singlepayer
Well the issue is that it doesn't stop at repeal of the ACA. We'd have to repeal about 70 legislation. They only focus on the ACA sadly
The clear political reality we all see is that @GOP can't find there way out of a paper bag
Wow, do your staffers pass along to you just how unpopular your opinion on this matter is @senorrinhatch?AND unblock me on your official FB!
Russia old man: wake up
It's been 7 years. You still don't have a plan?  Here's a reality check: ACA needs to stay in place and improved upon. Ams like it.
Read the scientific literature & studies on it. Not a single published health policy by health finance experts agrees with you #Liars @GOP
For all the things that you have allowed trump to do to this great country your gift will be to rule over earth and watch man eat itself
Senator, there are many paths to reducing gov't influence in our healthcare paid for with our money _ attacking Mike Lee is not one
The failing Republicans make stupid promises all to easily.  The people realize that there is no honor among Republican politicians.
How bout  bipartisan effort to fix it? That is what 70% of citizens want!!
Wait: just realized you refer to "political" reality. Is that what this is to you, politics?
Sir, this is real. Life & death
You could stop conspiring to make it fail. That'd save lives. (Last I checked, you claimed to be pro-life.)
Let the Dems fix THEIR mistakes.  Let ObamaCare fail on its own.
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement
You're a paid toy for the pharmaceutical industry. #SHITGIBBONLACKEY
#dancingonagrave
#fuckoffanddie
Repeal PPACA and then offer the taxpayers the same healthcare plan you have. Problem solved. Nothing compares to FEHB health plans.
There is a lot about ObamaCare that is good but U & your cronies do not want 2 fix it. U R a bunch of greedy old crows who want tax cuts.
Pick door number 3   FIX IT.  Your plan leaves 20 million plus without anything, back to emergency room Healthcare



Shill
Dear Senator, as a GOP in UT is it true you make a lot of money from big pharmaceutical companies? If so you have been bought and paid for
Please leave it in place
You do not have to worry about having health issues and how to pay for healthcare we pay it for you Your only care seems to be tax cuts
Borrowing from Ben Sasse "love your passion"... it's not one or the other, though...
YOU are the failing status quo, Senator.
so proud of you not doing your job!!!!!!
You work with D's to fix flaws.  Why do you ignore that choice???
Why not revise and improve. Not just 2 choices.
Sad, we spend more for healthcare for a lower outcome then any industrialized country in the world and the GOP is doing nothing to fix it.
Do NOT repeal ACA. Do your job. Stop being childish. Stop sabotaging ACA. Work with Dems to create solutions for a variety of ACA issues.
The problem is that what is wrong with the ACA (for profit, corporate, minimizes care) really isn't "fixable". #singlepayer.
What about Pharmaceutical costs/loopholes, requiring doctors/hospitals to post prices, overcharging Medicaid?
Sure. Those are terrible and technically fixable but after you fix them you still have an immoral design. Worst way to provide care.
It's all I've got.
As a provider I'm just blown away by democrats supporting insurance companies limiting care and maximizing profit. It breaks my heart.
Impeach Trump! Then we can talk about fixing the ACA!!
Neither. You work across the aisle to make sure no one is left without care.
Rs are causing  the failing. What's ur plan. U have none after 7 years. KMA
So if you just repeal it will I be better off #sad
Do not repeal
It will stop failing the minute you stop sabotaging it!  Keep #Obamacare
The GOP has done everything possible to undermine the ACA. The GOP will be held accountable for deaths and increasing bankruptcy rates.
If someone wants a free ride to healthcare. Provide them basic coverage but they forfeit all income tax returns for 10 yr increments.
Bad either/or. Stop pretending, @senorrinhatch and fix exchanges, fix Obamacare. Ask @SenAlexander to hold hearings and do your actual job.
It's not failing, check your facts Mr. Hatch. You all keep sing the same song but the facts say it's not failing. Trump is not paying bills!
You work with Democrats to enhance the ACA
Fix it old man! Here is proof that @ChuckGrassley is strangling the people of IOWA @IowaReview. Seems this is party over AMERICAN LIVES. 
it's only failing in places where the GOP is making it fail. All red states.
WHY DO REPUBLCANS, EVEN CARE?? WHY ARE THEY TOO FRIGHTENED, TO CRY TREASON, TO DONALD TRUMP. This is NOT A GOVERNMENT: it is Anarchy.
It's failing because of you Orrin. Fix it or own the problem and lose in 2018. Do ur job

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …
