He's my Senator and literally hate him. I hope he dies painfully when the time comes.
No one lives forever & no one should wish anyone a painful death
Nor should anyone vote to strip 23m Americans of their health care, which ACTUALLY condemns people to painful deaths. But civilly, right?
Hatch has not done that. That was a House bill and Hatch is in the Senate. But talking points, right?
Plus the Senate is using the AHCA disaster as its starting point. What CBO score would make Hatch vote against the Senate version?
Will he even promise to wait for a CBO score? You know, like the House didn't?
Essential oils?

Dietary supplements?

Let me guess, you think homeopathy is actually medicine.


Intern cracks wise while their boss plots to strip health insurance from tens of millions. Such Twitter savvy!
"Take expensive, unregulated dietary supplements and pray you don't die" is literally the GOP replacement health care bill.
Filing this away under "it's funny because your boss is a senile ghoul."
This is even more hilarious when you find out how much money he gets from the pharmaceutical industry! Good one, social media intern!
I'm not the biggest fan of Senator Hatch's, but you know he has a better chance of living forever than your candidate being elected, right?

U mormons are all into multilevel marketing schemes...essentials oils is the newest fad. Essential oils = no need for health insurance. Sad.
Adorable.
Who ARE you? You're wasted in that senile old man's office.
Personally I wouldn't wish that on anyone. Human life comes before politics.
Fantastic response!
U old, senile gop nutcase. You need your pretty staff member to tell you that u should invite dems to discuss ACA and you said something els
Forever? That's going to be a lot of diaper changes.
Did your aide whisper that answer in your ear like when you answered Claire McCaskill's question if AHCA would ever get a hearing? #hotmic
Not sure why you don't blame Obama for his signature health care plan.
Ok this is good.
I feel terrible liking this tweet but it's a quality tweet 
Essential oils & supplements is a big racket in Utah. #shilling as usual.
What I strange tweet.
We hope it works! 
It is interesting that an MD would say this. #HippocraticOath?
Quality retort. Class act.
Jesus works better. And it is guaranteed. #Grace
Hatch twitter has been pretty solid lately
He's trying to rip health care away from 23m people, but sure, focus on his intern's snark game.
Don't you just bathe in the blood of virgins like most vampires?
Oh, so you *are* gonna be on the same plan as the rest of us? Because that's all we'll be able to afford.
That's because healthcare is unaffordable.
Does your assistant who whispers loudly in your ear also tweet for you ;)
Awesome response and I hope it works <3
... so mocking dietary supplements... celebrates DSHEA? This is fascinating.
Me too!  God bless you!
The longer we live, the more we can fight the GOOD fight!
.@senorrinhatch guess you won't live forever than ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #pseudoscience
A+
Okay, that's funny. Don't want you as my president, but it was funny.
Social media director ftw.
I'll bet you live longer than Dr. Dracula. Thank you for your years of exceptional service!
I adore you for this, Senator!!!
Wow. You are fully committed to fake science yet deny the real thing.
I'm sure you will with all the money you accept from those industries to suppress their regulation.
Yes no regulation of #juiceplus and other overpriced garbage
Comeback quality level:  @BenSasse
More progressive "love" on display
Let's hope he dies peacefully, in his sleep, but soon.
Lol bless the staffer that wrote this
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Mad as a fruitcake
How much is the supplement industry paying you to keep them unregulated?
http://scienceblogs.com/insolence/2011/06/22/orrin-hatch-the-supplement-industrys-lap/amp/ …
It's funny because you fight regulations against the snake oil supplement industry!
So is he satirizing himself?
Given the name of that critic, perhaps some garlic might be good for your diet too, senator...
Haha that was a hilarious response actually
We'll see how that works for the rest of us when you take away our health care
That was deft, Sir
Are you sure you want to conflate Senator Hatch & snake oil?
I thought I just saw Senator Orrin hatch shitposting on Twitter. What a timeline!
Best. Tweet. Ever. Thanks for the laugh Senator.
It's not gonna work.
@sunbrn44 @mjanuary2 


#micdrop @senorrinhatch
@greggutfeld   Could you stop hacking please?
Idc what you think of Senator Hatch, his social media staffer is the best.
Greedy Methuselah
Great response......
What kind of horrible little person one must be to wish death on anyone.
Live long and prosper, my friend.



I sometimes disagree sir, but I would never wish you I'll.  I hope you live a good long time.
@ 75 I planned to live forever, but just didn't read the fine print and asterisks....
Brilliant reply
@andrewmgrossman @Boogar_Sugar @RichardRubinDC And a little help with opium.

You go, Senator!
You are a great man

We the people wish you a long and healthy life
Two points. Well-played.... 
We've no problem with you living forever, Senator. We want you out of office.

Wow, Vlad seems a little triggered.
@ReaganBattalion 

One word Senator ... aspirin
And let's not forget good clean living, funeral potatoes, and green jello 

LOL!  Good one, Senator!
Sounds like you probably won't need your healthcare then. Maybe you should give yours to someone would lose it under AHCA?
not to mention whatever sorcery your plastic surgeon/dermatologist practices
@Boogar_Sugar @RichardRubinDC ok, so is that what u use?Dietary supplements & essential oils?No? Didn't think so!
Medical cannabis may help with that immortality goal.
I wrote a book called Cannabis: They Key to Becoming Nigh-immortal! =)
I heard from a reputable source that your body is like a battery- it has a limited amount of energy. Don't waste any of it on exercise.
A funny
Cutting jobs awful
Wow, yet another 'Big Tent,' "Why can't we all just along?" (Pres Bill Clinton) phony liberal a-hole!!
@Samlyman1 did you write this 
Lol I wish I had!
Thanks #PresidentHatch. Like your sense of humor.
I feel you Gerald, the bitch has no integrity. A sick power hungry man
Orin Hatch is on twitter?
Are those @GovMikeHuckabee dietary pills you are taking. Might want to rethink that decision.
Gosh that was such a great burn. #respect
Savage and I love it.
Coolio, Julio! Love that reply to a troll! Live long and prosper, sir!
Actually @realDonaldTrump will literally be the end of you.
Hatch has been living on the govt dole for some time now LOSER should be voted out as soon as possible UT needs Democrats more than ever!!
You certainly must have alot of oils & supplements o/h considering how much 'special' work you've done for those businesses over years.
How hateful of a physician to write such when they are supposed to help lives.  Bad doctor.
We can tell Hatch....an oily slippery Senator tht doesn't give a Damn abt constituents he represents & does evrythng 2 protect TRUMP PARTY
Thanks to your laws, more than 23K Americans are sent to ER annually. Some pay with their lives for your mistake. https://www.forbes.com/sites/henrymiller/2015/11/04/death-by-dietary-supplement/#4d2461551420 …
Or by drinking the blood of virgins. Because you're a vampire.
Nice rebuttal 
I was surprised to hear he's still alive.
????
Pretty snappy comeback. Hope you're paying the aide who wrote it well.
May God bless you with the FULL measure of your 120 years! Fully healthy, nothing missing, nothing broken!
Not a fan but an epic comeback.  Well done.
And exercise. Exercise is essential.
You know, I hate Senator Hatch but I've come to love @senorrinhatch. Is @utahjazzbear your social media manager? Strong troll game!
Such an awful person-hope you block him Sen.Hatch
LOL I love whoever you have running this twitter account
Dang look at this twitter  from Hatchy. @MikeManderfeen @DonJohnsonthe2
Troll so hard.
Great retort!
Hatch belittles his constituents and represents big money instead, so excuse me if I don't find this funny or charming.
Yeah, I'll start laughing when he actually engages with people who sincerely disagree with him.
Just don't use @SenatorReid's exercise bands. For the love of God, don't use them.
Nice plug for your supplement lobby....
Louise Mensch is convinced you'll be serving as president in a few months, so make sure you remain healthy!
I'm no fan of yours sir but well played.  (Now please stop harming the country by rejecting science.)
Live long, prosper, but #comehome. Time to retire before you are humiliated by Trump backlash
 Botox leaking in my brain,
 Cryin' the cryogenic blues
Me too, start each morning with spoonful of 10W-40 and 1200 mg of fish intestines.
I've always respected the fact that you seemed open to alternate medicine! Must be some related businesses in Utah! 
That's exactly right, Steven.
Lol right on Senator.
It's clear that these supplements don't stop dementia.
how can anyone detest a man who was a great friend of Senator Ted Kennedy and when his friend had problems he gave his friend help...
#HailHydra
Damn it, that was pretty funny. So conflicted.
It's ok to laugh at funny things 
GREAT response!!!!!
I have no problem with that, I hope you do. Just do it in retirement.
If you can make it to 2045 the technological singularity may make immortality practical
Glad to see you supporting multi-level-marketing supplement scams - a top Utah industry!
Well this tweet sure as shit will be immortal
Quality tweet
It's his staff, not him
*still a quality tweet
Which means he owes a staff member a sizeable raise.
With all that hate this MD must giggle while butchering babies in their mothers wombs....
Interesting logic. I assume by your avi that you're literally a knight templar. The internet must freak you out, huh?
You have lifetime healthcare.  The rest of us have essential oils. 

Got it.   #idiot
Shilling for your corporate interests?
Is that covered under AHCA?
Should it be?
What's the position of the essential oils lobby?
Having Government-provided health insurance helps a ton, huh?
@Boogar_Sugar Your level of ignorance can only be achieved by years of study, Boogar, Hopefully no Gov Grant involved.

I'm no fan of yours, but I have to admit, that gave me a giggle.
Hey, I'm Californian, whom Sen Hatch was purportedly attacking, and I love this response to that vile "wish you'd die" tweet.
Well played Senator...lol!
Senator Hatch, some people will have to learn the hard way how much of a witch karma can be. Americans love and support you, the rest, eh...
78% of Utahns want him to retire
And 98% of Americans wanted Hillary to be POTUS. #FakeNews #FakePolls
i hope your bubble is comfortable
Pfft, you have undeniable proof of the media skewing polling and getting it horribly wrong but you think I'm living in a bubble. Smh ~
tell me, then: what is your evidence that americans love him?

you better try to live forever bc if there is a judgment day for you in the beyond, it ain't gonna be pretty
