Sir, 4 decades is long enough. It's time to retire.
I live in Utah, I vote, I contribute $.  No repeal, just fix it.  Health care is a right, not a free market.
You ever lived overseas?  Served in the military?
It would be interesting but no I have not.
Wrong, wrong, wrong. Constituents want you to fix it using bipartisan efforts. An "us vs them" mentality is futile.  Work together!  #AHCA
"Become an Instrument in the Hands of God by Caring for the Poor and Needy"  https://www.lds.org/ensign/2007/04/become-an-instrument-in-the-hands-of-god-by-caring-for-the-poor-and-needy?lang=eng …
Repeal and replace!!!! Roll your sleeves up and get to work CONGRESS!!
We're NOT fine with repealing ACA We're fine with fixing #ObamaCare, not leaving 22 Mil+ w/o HC &not giving #wealthy #taxbreaks #NeverRepeal
Healthcare is a right! You've been on the public dole for years (contemplating your 8th run). And then you try to exempt yourself... Shame!!
We've already told you what we want. You don't want to hear that. But what do we know? We're just the people, the voters...
If only the Senator actually listened to his constituents and not just his big money donors, he could've crafted a better bill
Sen Hatch, pls ask the key question- "why could not GOP come up w something better??" You had 7-yr to think about it! #utpol @tomforutah
No boss, that is not the question. The question is how can we provide healthcare to the needy as effectively and cheaply as possible. Duh.
3rd option: do what the people want & fix it. Make Medicare accessible to all Americans, negotiate prices & make healthcare affordable 4 all
Leave it in place ... or let's have single payer!
#UseYourVoice @senorrinhatch @GOP #FixItDontTakeIt #NeverRepeal #ProtectOurCare #CountryFirst #AmericaFirst #CountryOverPolitics #ChooseUS
A-ok with what it is now kthx! Or maybe you want to work with the entire senate and make it better, more comprehensive...
This is a false dichotomy, Senator.
Oh, and he's Mormon, so he's taken care of even if he isn't in office. http://www.medicalcostshare.com/ldsff.html 
I'm Mormon and I'm definitely not taken care of.
Obamacare holds our fragile and fragmented health system together.  Repeal for repeal's sake is partisan obsession, not solution. -Utah MD
The free market means choice, not crumbs from the brokers.
LEAVE IT IN PLACE AND WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE IT BETTER FOR ALL AMERICANS!
Please work to make ACA better.
The real question is if u will come off high horse and work with both sides to fix not repeal. Stop posturing.
Live up to promises?  So if I were to promise to take away health care from millions I should just do it and to hell with the consequences??
Who is "we," Senator?  WE THE PEOPLE want it repealed.  WE didn't want it in the first place.
I'm in WA so as evil as my reps are at least I know where they stand. If I were in a Republican state Id be really angry. Shameful liers
We've already answered that for you. Look at a poll, literally any poll. Americans want you to fix #ACA in a bipartisan effort.
Yes!
The ? should be: What can we do to guarantee quality healthcare for all Americans?
The REAL question is, "can GOP come up w something BETTER or NOT?" If NOT, then leave alone! #utah_together @SenMikeLee @tomforutah
Hatch you are nothing but a paid for coward, also can't wait to dance you know were.

#shitgibbonlackey
#hypocrite
#wornoutoldfool
Leave it in place and amend what's not working
That is an idiotic statement...typical, rightwing false alternatives. How you persist in this approach to people is incredible.
You need to fix existing ACA. Stop your gerrymandering bullshite about  repeal.
It needs help. It has also helped a lot of US citizens. This should not b a them against us issue.
If you had been listening to your constituents, you would know the answer: keep it! #holdatownhall #retirealready
YOU have to ask yourself. Are you a leader?
I'm a constituent. If you support a repeal, you support removing my access to basic, life saving care. #NoRepeal #SaveMedicaid #saveACA
Leave it and work together to fix the problems. Don't just let it fail like Trump wants. Then you fail all of us.
Just because it was promised doesn't mean it was good policy.  You see that now, I hope. -- Utah MD
Leave it in place for God's sake!!!!!!!!
You all promised to repeal it so do it and stop F@&king around.
Leave it skeletor.  Fix what gop or poop did to it
I think what your constituents want should matter more than what you want, Orrin.
Leave it in place, spineless.
Your staff said a week ago you were against a repeal and replace plan later. Lying I assume? #liar #nospine #timetocomehome
Funny, the question you as our representative "should" be asking is " what vote will provide for the general welfare of my constituents?"
Oh yeah,and restore my #1stAmendment rights by instructing your staff to unblock me on the public forum that is your Facebook page.
Partisan hacks want to repeal ObamaCare, Americans want healthcare without the posturing. Stop asking dumb questions and fix what we have.
No, the option that should be exercised is a new bill from scratch that includes all Republicans and as many Democrats who are willing to
Reach some kind of reasonae compromise and not demand they get everything they want and nothing the majority wants. Congress was never meant
To pass bills on party lines only. Democrats, Republicans and all media outlets that have real audiences need to stfu until they can act
Like adults and not like a bunch of kids/teenagers or just bitchy old people who have to be right on everything and whose biases over ride m
Reason. Whether those biases be party specific or "feelings" of anything that ignores some form or logic....
How about fixing it instead of throwing 22 million people off?  And maybe fix ssdi so I live above the fed poverty level.
Why not adjust & tweak? Make it work- don't just destroy.
Leave it in place. 32 million lives depend on it.
Leave it and fix it!
I'm not OK with taking insurance away from 35 million Americans to satisfy a political promise. What about you Senator?
Read these Tweets from people! They don't want repeal!
We are fine leaving it in place. Oh, you weren't asking me because you don't care about me and the citizens in Utah.
Just give everyone the same health care you have.
If you're asking America and not the Russians, I think you'll hear resoundingly to leave it the hell alone.
Richest country in the world, yet we want to eliminate healthcare access for millions. Are we in a race to the bottom? No leaders left.
1) Doing right is more important than keeping promises. The majority doesn't want you to keep that one.
2) You forgot third option: FIX it.
You got to ask your self If America's life are more important than your 1 precent donors
How 'bout we fix it?
Or even better, stop sabotaging it, amirite?
At the very least.
Why do you want to make healthcare non-accessible to everyone but the rich?The GOP agenda does just that. Repeal is not the solution.
GOP is sickening! 
Promising #repeal for 8 years...now u refuse. bullshit politics willing to sell out to socialism. Schumer & co r dancing
No, @senorrinhatch the question is, what can we do TOGETHER to fix the ACA problems and make healthcare better and more affordable for ALL
You work together to fix it correctly so that everyone has REAL (not junk) AFFORDABLE healthcare available.
The right question is what do the people want. The 98% you guys still need some help from to get elected.
How about you work to improve the bill. Or is trying to undo everything Obama did your new purpose in life?
Three houses
You refusing to work with representation of over 50% of American voters is a mistake.
You are no leaders
7 years and this is your response?
No, it's what you need to ask THE PEOPLE YOU SERVE. and they're already telling you by more than 75% TO DO YOUR JOB AND FIX IT.
#FullRepeal - effective 2017 Dec 31!

Allows EoY for Dem obstructionists to GET OFF THEIR ASSES & WORK WITH GOP on BIPARTISAN replacement!!!
Are you ok with ripping healthcare away from 30+ million folks?  THATS the question you have to ask YOURSELF.  #wontaffectyou #timetoretir
You're focusing on what occurred TWO years+ ago Repealing ACA isn't what most of U.S, want Improve on what we have already. #DoTheRIghtThing
#RETIRE!!

We have real problems if you truly do not know the answer to that question. OCare must go. Immediately.
Better question: why do you want to break something that isn't broken? Also, what is your deal with vouchers?
I thought we were discussing ObamaCrap, which has been broken since DAY ONE!
Full repeal is what was promised by Congressional Republicans for 7 years, not replace. So, have a vote on repeal and expose the frauds
wrong question, wrong approach.  Make corrections thru bipartisan effort
As a grandma in the trenches fix the ACA. My grandson is on ACA. I don't want experiments that will throw families into Medical chaos
Wrong question, @senorrinhatch . The question is "How can we make America better tomorrow than it is today?" Focus on people, not politics.
Why not do what is best for the country? Quit lining ur pockets and open ur eyes. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this out.
8 years the GOP sent bill after bill to Obama to repeal ACA and you can't sent one bill to Trump to sign.  Worthless politics - swamp.

Joe Manchin's message to GOP senators: "Let’s get together" on health care
https://bloom.bg/2tbPSaW  
