i cant afford it Premiums are too high and unaffordable
Yeah, it's pretty fucked up when an entire political party wants to take away someone's right to make choices for themselves
Talking about taking choices. How about taking the choice to LIVE away from 43000 PEOPLE EVERY YEAR.
All I've seen in past 8 years is republicans jockeying for power and lining they're pockets while failing the American people #MAGA
Heres a story:

Bottom line is the rich will be richer, the middle class non existent and will become the poor. That's what GOP wants.
The democrats would help fix it if given the opportunity. The admit Obamacare has problems but the basic bill gave us security.
For every fake Obama care victim their are dozens who'es lives and health has been saved by Obama care.Lying a 1,000  times does not it true
Do you make these stories up? No insurance until son was sick? GOP plan wouldn't help. All must get covered so enough money to pay claims.
Your plan is worse. Sad
Why you need to fix ACA with a thoughtful plan and not rush something through to repeal. Please try governing in a nonpartisan way.
Repeal with the provision of saving accts competition across state lines that bring down costs. Expanded Medicaid is their only problem
Why won't Trump make payments that he is supposed to make to the insurance co's, and give them a guarantee of monthly reimbursements?
No Dem thinks ACA doesn't need fixing. WORK TOGETHER & fix it for families like this as McCain said. Our LIVES are NOT for political games.
This is why we need a single payer healthcare system
Maybe don't have 6 kids
The majority of states voted GOP majority on the basis of repeal. Moving on from that will cause indifference to your agenda.
If you move on from #RepealObamacare the source of your victories, then your cause is lost. We voted GOP majority for repeal. Focus.
yet the rep failed to get it done. Terrible. Fight for us and protect the @POTUS we chose.  Rep are becoming such weak minded.
He probably couldn't afford it without Obamacare.
LIES! HE'S A FAKE PASTOR AND BUSINES OWNER; SO HE CAN CHEAT ON HIS TAXES! HE CAN BUY HIS OWN INSURANCE; JUST WE ALWAYS HAVE!! WHAT A JOKE!!
REPEAL OCARE
Why can't We-The-People have the same healthcare that the government people do?!

ACA/OCare isn't the problem. It's the insurance companies. Get "business model" out of healthcare, and you have reasonable premiums/costs.
Senate won't pass the bills the President Needs to help Americans. They Get SUBSIDIES FOR THEIR CONGRESS CARE NOT WHAT THEY OFFER Americans
For 8 years you have lied to the American people , remember repeal and replace Obamacare, you have no idea how fed up Americans are 
Get busy and fix aca
Insurance premiums will increase if they can't count on payments from the government. Trump wants it to fail, but he's not on it.
Trumpcare will have networks too. I have #ACA, great MDs. & my preexisting cond are covered at same price.I get appt as fast as before ACA.
You're in this fix b/c you depend on the LIBERAL NANNY STATE! The GOP will give you NO CARE AT ALL & you will be free of suffering! Or not..
Here is another story for you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10Pd67dPv8w …
REPUBLICAN SENATOR WONT BACK BILL!
Just wait. Your in for a huge surprise Robert Dean. Wait till you see what your premiums will be now with zero coverage . GOP you are low.

How Trump can win the ObamaCare fight: End the friends and cronies exemption for Congress // Do it. Just do it...
Keep the ACA because #TrumpCareOxymoron #MitchCareOxymoron #RyanCareOxymoron #RepublicanCareOxymoron #VoteDemocrat2017and2018and2019and2020
Democrats are commies, they cheer the Antifa morons daily
Who is listening in Washington? What about Collins and the others? Are they listening?
You have choices. Cost may be a problem. Soon the only choice will be no healthcare.
Sad I don't just like the name of the healthcare  (Obama)
My mantra #ImproveAndEnhance over #RepealAndReplace.
@SpeakerRyan doesn't care if we can afford to have insurance.
cool your jets. most reasonable folks in favor of ACA agree it needs some fixing. but if your daughter/son/wife/ gets cancer do u want caps?
You had a chance to do something about it but didn't. Now trying to spin. You lied@to@voters. You failed voters. You'll be R&R
He's obviously not looking! I couldn't afford ins prior to ACA and now with ACA I can afford ins and the coverage I need!
Don't count on the disappointing @SenateGOP to fix it!!
Health care is a societal right-not a privilege of acquired wealth. Do your job! Insurance companies only care about making money .
Explain to him that he is a victim because Congress didn't live up to their responsibilities in funding the ACA. Tell the truth
It's sad that Republicans have both houses of Congress, and the Presidency and still cannot get things done.  I'm disappointed in you.
He could not afford insurance whether or not the ACA was in place...
this is a lie
This is fake news
Fix it. Don't repeal. And don't vote them back.
Would this be in one of the states where you're not properly funding the ACA as the law allows?

Obama wanted a better plan- Republicans wouldn't allow it- fix it
Not my fault he chose to have 6 kids. Isn't that what you would tell someone on public assistance?
How ever did we survive before that crappy Obamacare?
This pastor is no victim. Talk to parents who have sick kids.
It depends on how your Govenor rolled it out. California's is fine. Texas probably doesn't want anyone to have it, so they threw up barriers
Think Obamacare is too expensive? Go directly to insurance company and see how much that costs. YOU HAVE CHOICES, many ppl don't.
And tell me how to improve our system, not destroying it!
Better let McCain know this.
#RepealObamacare  #voteout #rinos
Are you guys being evil for a reason or is this just for evil's sake? Asking for a friend. Humanity.
DA BEST DECISION WE MADE IN DA PARTY WAS MAKIN SURE ALL OUR BUDDIES COULD MAKE DA INSURANCE MARKETPLACE IN THEIR STATE A GOD DAMN DISASTER
#FixtheACA #FundtheACA
Get it through your thick skulls GOP.  Swallow your pride & do it
then work with Dems to FIX it!
Go Medicare 4All, choice of dr n providers n costs are contained. Less paperwork no fuss no muss. For Potus n Congress too
What part of your plan will fix this problem?
GOP U SWORE 2 UHOLD THE CONSTITUTION O'CARE DOESN'T. FREEDOM TO PERSUE HAPPINESS. HEALTH IS HAPPINESS!!!
Maybe if he prays really, really, really hard then @god will give him health insurance. I think it says something like that in his Bible.
#FixACA and stop lieing to us. Lobbyist for HIC want you to kill sec 9014 of the ACA so they can write off CEO pay saving big $$.
And exactly what did you come up with?
Wait, wasn't the #GOP argument "if you can't afford 6 kids, don't have 6 kids"? I feel for Robert, but the hypocrisy is undeniable.
Literal victims:
Then he needs to dig his representatives to improve the ACA! Improving a law after enacted is to be expected... so, expect it!
Don't you realise these films are advertisements of medicare for all and single payer instead of repealing healthcare even more?!
You should seriously work to encourage your Senators & Congressmen to work together to fix ObamaCare. It can be fixed. They can do it.
The problem is when the GOP wrote the bill they attached tax cuts for the 1%. They would not let go especially Rep Paul Ryan.
The Trump administration is a reality show & all the media is covering it. Great Job Donald. #Thisdude 
Let's be clear why this happening.  It is about Greed.  Open your eyes to the lies and propaganda.  #stopgreednow
Republican Senate ? Where ?
And what are you doing about it?? I'll wait....................................
This guy clearly lives in a state that rejected ObamaCare and Medicaid expansion. He should blame his Gov. and State Legislature not ACA
So what is the difference between a R and a D senator these days?  Liiars all.
U go head and support this p-grabbing liar Pastor Bob . You'll be judged along w/him
GOP Senators promised repeal above anything else.  You GOP people are failures.  You will pay politically for your inability 2 keep ur word.
So keep going and Correct the problems . Don't make more!!
You keep posting these clips but refuse to do anything, explain to me why we voted for you?......
Great work last night Mitch. Really a great legislator. Aside from having the majority and still not getting his shitty agenda through.
It's because the wealthy must get lowest of everything taxed it's not obama care 
It works for me and I make min wage idk wtf is ya problem!
How does it fell to be found to be as big a liar as the dem. How do you after 7 yrs look the American people in the eye
Repubs cowards Congress losers DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!!
This makes no sense? Who's insurance company makes them wait for anything?
All of your arguments against #Obamacare are actually arguments for #SINGLEPAYER 

#HealthCare #ObamaCareRepeal 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-payer_healthcare …
Don't worry he can get another job that provides insurance.
He might have to give up his IPHONE
Then do something to fix the current system with minor tweaks. I get very inexpensive care from Ocare. Why don't you let me make a video.
Then do something REAL that works for ALL! And where on the woman on the committees? Don't defund Planned Parenthood.
Dump McConnell before you are go down with him.
You screwed America.  Go away!
Then work together for once in your existence and make it better! Then you can take credit for fixing it. Isn't that all it's about? Ego?
Work to make it better dummies! Work together to make it better instead of wasting time whining about it #growup
3 bad apples. The rest did all the could.
did they? Making back room deals @ our expense? Not just repealing the mess but adding to it? Voting on a single payer HC system? I disagree
Then fix the markets
Email Chucky & the Dems.
Back on earth  Obamacare remains the law of the land. @SenateGOP sabotage to kick millions of Americans off their healthcare --FAILED
You need to get healthcare done. What an embarrassment my side is
Well, do something about it. You had 7 years to come up with something better. 7 YEARS!!! Stop the games and get serious.
Forget Obamacare call #libertyhealthshare
Maybe 6 kids wasn't such a good idea in retrospect...isnt that what republicans say about "welfare mothers"
And yet knowing all of this and 7 years to prepare to fix you #EPICFAIL
Then do your jobs and repel the damn thing. That's why we voted for you.
Then work like human beings to fix it, debate it, & don't act like kids not letting anyone play w/ your toy. @SenatorEnzi u must go
GOP is 'recycling' the same 4-5 people over and over. Truth is Trump & GOP plans cut coverage for old, sick, poor to give rich a 15% tax cut
Then he sure as heck won't be able to afford anything that your suggesting
Better just scrap the whole thing then
Stop the propaganda already.  You lost yet again last night and will continue to lose.  You just aren't good at this legislating thing.
Don't  look like your working hard enough
the 3 that said nay, it's people like u that want to stall progress. The rest saw fit to pass. What gives? Anti Trump or agenda?
Here's an idea...fix it, make it better. Quit making this a partisan issue!
Well it's a good thing you losers kicked him in his teeth isn't it?
Can we stop seeing your propaganda with "Robert Dean"? We keep this posted everyday. It's old. You're old. Give it up. @SenateDems
Alternative facts is that what you use in your sermons LOL 
Why the Republicans paid you
This guilty of Obamacare Fraud. REVERSAL of HR 3590 would have been better.
Vicious, Rich Republican Preacher says cut aid to "those people", diabetic children and Grannies in Nursing Homes, for Vicious Rich Tax Cuts


Then fix the ACA. Because of your vicious attack on those who need the most, Dems will run BOTH chambers in 2018. You all own the kid in OO.
These examples you have are too stupid for words. Under Trumpcare, he'd have LESS choice and pay MORE.
pure Bannon propaganda.  And you know it.
Does not matter Republicans lied to us they had no intention of doing anything they want POTUS to fail!
I'm going, Independent. I can no longer associate with these people!
Why should he have to shop around a buy a plan at all? Routine health care for everyone should be free automatically.
Texas @GOP has actively resisted #ACA #Obamacare, discouraging enrollment, refusing #Medicaid expansion, putting politics above people
Sounds like innocent children were being murdered under #Obamacare just like #CharlieGard was killed.
Do you live with dignity?
You do not are living with dignity.
Need single payer system! Skinny will offer him even fewer options per CBO! Single payer! @MSNBC @maddow @FoxNews need real plan , process!
Me and my friend are on this we can change.  So this is a propaganda page. #hatchwithrussian #TrumpRussia #trumpmustgo #hatchisout
Then get the insurance co's to lower their damn rates. Billion dollar surplus industry. Then the drug co's. What a pile of BS
And how will trumpcare make fhat better?
He should try no coverage. We will have him do another video once they appeal ACA and then listen to him cry about no insurance.
Fake news
Because your party stripped single payer out of it
A more accurate interactive piece, showing the millions of ppl who are not wealthy,  being denied health care. Ineffective, bad comms team.
You find exceptions, fix the rules! Dont just give tax breaks to the wealthy!
Well he won't be able b to afford it after you slitz heads are done either
Vote y
Es anyway???
Have less kids.
If your kid was a child of working poor - under your new Trumpcare plan - that child is disposable. #GOPKillingthepoorelderlydisabled SHAME
You always had the option to  purchase private insurance outside of ACA.  Call any ins co you want.   Ignorant pawn
Liars
What idiot has 6 kids and doesn't think he needs coverage? GTFOH

.@SenateGOP AND he lives in TEXAS! A state that REFUSED THE MEDICAID MANDATE!
FIX ACA LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE
And you could afford insurance before ACA?
I was able to get an appt.on the same day for my sick child with the plan from the healthcare market place.  Not 2-3 mo. "Alternative facts"
WHY DON'T YOU GIVE THE STORIES OF ALL THE PEOPLE WHO HAD THEIR LIVES SAVED FROM IT YOU MONEY GRUBBING LYING SACKS OF SH*T.  #gop #trump
FAKE
All the people who support obamacare are self entitled welfare hand outs thinks the world owes them cry babies.. repeal and replace now!!!!!
Either
1. He's a liar
or
2. He's in a state that refused the Medicaid mandate
or
3. He's a liar.

@senorrinhatch 
How about every single person who's worse off after your bill sends you, personally, their medical bills. Deal?
Well Robert, how do you feel about the new plan? Let's get all the "victims" thoughts on that. They can look us in the eye and tell us.
Actually I'm going to look them up individually and ask them.
I'm getting this video and nothing but people that passed away when I Google. Anyone in Fort Worth? Please share so we can talk to Robert.
Maybe his stupid state should have PARTICIPATED in it then! 
If Robert Dean can't afford healthcare insurance now then EXPLAIN how he will afford it with 20%+ higher premiums?  #skinnyrepealsucks
#NoSkinnyRepeal Shame on you for ramming this secret bill through Senate in a late night session. You are betrayers of the American People.
Then why don't you make it better, rather than making it worse for him and millions of others?!
#VengefulDipshits
Bubbas, admit that you don't have one damn clue what in hell you're doing.
