hoped you were more American than that.
Just imagine how you would feel if, instead of welcomed, LDS pioneers were turned back because of their religion? #takeastand
123,000 are counting on you to fight to keep or IMPROVE the ACA. Remember who you represent. Be the moral center Utah needs.
.@SenOrrinHatch Hmmmmm wow your staff sure expended a lot of effort here not to explicitly oppose the ban! Why could that be I wonder?
Like to see detailed info on what specific probs will be solved by this ban. Immigrants go thru some pretty rigorous vetting as it is.
What, you want this to all end in a hurry so you can go home to your bunker and hide?
I'm guessing you're responding to my tweet but this makes no sense???
The problem is Sen. our new pres. n chief is the biggest boldfaced liar I've ever seen. He live as if he's telling the truth!
MERRICK GARLAND
the EO violates religious freedom by promising priority to Christian immigrants from the countries
have some compassion. our vetting process for refugees is already the most rigorous in the world. these are human beings
seeking safety. y'all want to keep them out of the country because of negative associations. by that logic, you should ban
@ThatWomanThing - HA. DJT wants to reduce burdens on relevant investigatory agencies, but freezes hiring. Who are we kidding?
we don't need anymore radical Muslims here,  properly vet all refugees and admit those who are persecuted for been Christian
Separation of State and Church! Do understand what this means?
oh shut up
Trump loves the uneducated! How does it feel to be considered property of Trump. "Look at my African American". Worst President

intellectually challenged. His IQ is on the same level as his people. He didn't find god until he decided to become president. 
go easy on Kombucha .. I hear they cause brain cancer
Reiterating, your IQ is parallel with Donald's. Your childish response shows you know nothing about Kombucha! Pray for help.
The blood of thousands of innocent children, women, and men will forever be on your hands. You will not be forgiven.
You worship power and now pray to a false idol. You are no man of God. You've turned on the most vulnerable. You lie.
As an LDS leader you know... We must take sides... Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented. -Elie Wiesel, 1960
FYI, The LDS Church is against the ban. #noban
I'm Native Am,have often been told to go back to my country by insecure,"Let me tell you my immigrant story" Fellow Americans
Senator, it's so sad to see your evolution from effective law maker->OBSTRUCTIONIST ->#Grovel R
Translations: I am not honoring my church.
.@SenOrrinHatch You've spoken out on the travel ban. Will you vote no on Sessions tomorrow? Or refuse to approve until WH changes policy?
YOU SHOULD BE AN EXAMPLE TO YOUNG REP, HAVE COURAGE UROLDER DONT BE AFRAID IN LINCOLNS PARTY
Here you go dear.  I'll keep writing every day until you act with humanity.
Trump's order is cruel, racist, anti-Muslim, and xenophobic. Stand up to the monsters in the WH.
Most Mormons don't support the ban. They are kind and they care. You're alignment with Trump will be your downfall.
Such a bullshit statement.  How many bad guys or Ilegal immigrants have been caught so far with this Executive Order? none!
When your false idol turns to killing Americans with impunity will you continue to look the other way? Of course, you will.
YOU.LIE. In one stroke, every American at home and abroad is now a target. All to fulfill a useless campaign promise. YOU.LIE
Not good enough. Stop being a coward & stand for something. This is clearly wrong & makes America less safe.
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH... an incoherent gibberish that only expresses hypocrisy and cowardice. Do it again, that one doesn't work.
You could be seen as the conscience of the Senate if you would act according to principle.
That fence you sit on must be uncomfortable.  Your choice is America and its Constitution or Trump and authoritarianism.
We need an attorney general that can stand up for what is right. No to Sessions.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/01/30/trump-says-all-is-going-well-on-immigration-order-amid-questions-and-confusion/ …
@SenOrrinHatch Please stand up for American values and oppose this ban.
Shame that GOP leaders need to walk on eggshells when disagreeing w/this President but I respect those that can disagree.
This heinous ban endangers lives, does little to address real threats, and grossly contradicts our core American values. Shame on you.
Be a good Man!!! CTR!!!
These words are weak. Stand against discrimination and abandoning vulnerable refugees. Electorate and history will judge you.
Without immigration, Pres Trump would have no wives!
thank u!
The #MuslimBan is a recruiting tool and makes us less safe.  Please help revoke the exec-order. @UtahIndivisible
So you support this ban? How about we ban all LDS people from immigrating? Would you support that?
Thank you for your concerns about the ban but please oppose! The ban is a clear violation of the 1st Amendment.
FBI has over 1,000 active terror investigations within U.S. borders as of today, good call Senator Hatch!
Our dear departed #MuhammedAli, once a dear friend of yours, is giving you serious posthumous side eye right now, Senator.
ya dick
Please save us from this 
I guess this is what we get from an "on the job retiree". Either care about what is right or get out.
thank you for standing for my rights and opposing the ridiculous ban on refugees. I never much liked you until today!!
you are sitting on the fence, take a stand!  This was poorly conceived and not vetted.  We expect you to be a leader!
Not good enough. As a Christian we must support our immigrant brothers and sisters. There is no grey. #resist #MuslimBan
grow a pair and stand up against the immigration ban set up by  @potus
Please don't "strongly urge"....get in there and DO SOMETHING!!
action and not just words, please.
Only one word,,,, Coward !!  #StandUpToTrump and Bannon,,,, the other president!!
I'm disgusted with your thinly-veiled support of #MuslimBan. Have voted for you many times. Never again. SMH #RefugeesWelcome
THANK YOU for reasoned response. Stand up and push back.
why wasn't the policy narrowly tailored in the FIRST place? The policy is harmful as issued. Challenge it NOW. #MuslimBan
Pick a side President is a National Security Risk!#StandOnTheRightSideOfHistory #ThisIsNotWhoWeAre #ThisIsNotNormal
How long are you going to continue to support a President who is obviously unbalanced???
Thank you for speaking out.  Please follow up with whatever is within your power to fight against President Trump's tyranny.
First, you're LDS? Wow, I never would've guessed by your actions. Second, you should be ashamed of your support for trump.
I hope to see a much stronger statement soon. This EO is not acceptable.
This is not the solution I had in mind. It is inhuman treatment of real families. I am disappointed by your statement.
#sell out
You're better than this.  Oppose the Muslim Holocaust.
The Executive Order to ban individuals from certain Muslim countries is poorly drawn and offensive. Please oppose.
Interesting that the executive order targets countries that he doesn't do business with.  BE AWARE!   BE ALERT!  STAND UP!
You can do better than this. How about the Constitution?
please don't come anywhere near supporting this ludicrous policy.
Congress needs to step in ASAP and stop this unconstitutional mess that has been going on for the last 7 days!
Not enough. As a member of the church and a Utah Voter, I expect better from our representatives. Stand up and take a side.
you were hell bent on making sure this guy got elected. This is on you and every other rep that endorsed this man.
may YOU suffer the consequences of your complicity
we desperately need a senator willing to fight for us against Trump. Speak up. #ResistTrump
Stand up to the maniac in the White House.  This is your country too!
Senator Hatch. I believe u care about our country more than your political career & am counting on u to stand up to tyranny
@SenMikeLee prevent deaths more by outlawing armed toddlers or armed Americans instead of Islamic jihadist immigrants.
You cannot be neutral on this issue. You're supposed to represent me. This is wrong. Speak up.
80 yr old ailing couple were detained unlawfully. Imagine if Joseph Smith was treated that way.  Oh he was. Silence is death
America will not survive without you. No time to let Steve Bannon sink his claws in deep.
Weak. Lame. You will be remembered as a xenophobe who would not stand up for what America represents.  Take a stand!
Weak response Senator. Where do you suppose those ancestors you mentioned would stand on this issue? How quickly we forget.
Would you be opposed if there was a ban on Mormons.  Stand up for religious freedom. #Unconstitutional
Your "neutral" stance is nothing but cowardice and a refusal to stand up against Trump/Bannon in favor of our Country.
So it doesn't matter to you that the countries that 9/11 terrorists came from are not on the list because of Trump's business
My grandfather worked with Brigham Young. He would be ashamed of you. Where are your morals
Have u no shame? Mormons=Muslims. Stop religious persecution.
too little too late. we will remember
The US govt persecuted LDS &Joseph Smith faced violent death. Your silence is cowardly. I am from pioneers. U R not true LDS
This  is better than silence, but doesn't address the problem the ban is illegal. Defend the power of the legislature!
This is your moment to lead. History will view your opposition to what the president is doing in very kind light.
Sen. Hatch, please draw on your years in the senate. I suspect that you understand that what the President is doing is wrong.
You are not taking the strong stand that you need to on this horrendous action that will only encourage terrorists.
I'm so ashamed of Utah's republican leadership today. Use your 40 years of clout and stand up for what is right. Tell Trump he is wrong!
This is wrong and you know it.  We will not forget!!!
It is time for you to  become a statesman and not a follower of the rich and famous.
YOU SIR, ARE A COWARD. MIDDLE OF THE ROAD IS NOT THE PLACE TO BE. PICK A SIDE. YOUR PRESIDENT IS NOT YOUR MASTER.
I would expect more from of your character I thought we were told to care for the widows and orphans and the poor amongst us.
Your statement is not good enough. This should be opposed, plain and simple. We have processes in place.
Take a stand. Get off the fence. WE ARE WATCHING AND WE WILL REMEMBER WHAT YOU DO THIS DAY.
There was so much wrong with this ban that I can't begin.  It is immoral and unAmerican.
Not good enough. Not even close.
What about legal residents with VALID green cards and visas who are being sent back to countries they left years ago?
Be brave, Senator Hatch, and speak out agains the ban.  Your statement is not nearly enough.
Not enough. Speak up and speak out vs minority oppression. This reckless order was not vetted properly. Irresponsible
Not good enough. Forget party and do what is right. History will judge every elected official for how they respond to this.
Appreciate your thoughtful response. We can be both safe AND just. --> oppose #MuslimBan
Trumps ban on Muslims is rooted in his racism & xenophobia.  If you don't take a stand against this abuse you're condoning it
We need you to fight against! You say you understand refugees, we need you to say they are welcome! Don't betray us now.
Please fight to protect the rights that our country was founded on & #StopTheMuslimBan! It's un-American, & just plain wrong.
You opposed Trump and this ban before.  Stand up and oppose this ban now and Trump's cabinet nominees.
Trump's actions are unconstitutional and violate core American values. You can do better than this namby-pamby garbage
Weak statement.
Please oppose this EO and #MuslimBan
I'm your constituent & I'm opposed to the ban on Muslims entering the US, especially people who have visas or the Green Card
As a native utahn, son of pioneers and democrat, thank you for standing up.
cowardly at best
Thank you for your voice of reason Senator Hatch.
, I look forward to finally voting you out of office. You are outdated - Utah needs new representation!
Shame on you for supporting this order.
You know this isn't enough, right?
, this is absolutely deplorable & disgusting! You are an embarrassment to Utah. It is time for you to go!
we the people of Utah are watching you. Take a stand and stop staying 'neutral'. Trump's ban on muslims is illegal & racist.
http://www.lds.org/general-conference/2016/04/refuge-from-the-storm?lang=eng …
Disappointing.
Sir:We the People want to know what Congress is doing about the POTUS business conflicts of interest & Russian interference.
Please represent the American people and your stated history better than this. Very disappointing.
#NoBanNoWall Fight demagoguery. Fight oppression. Fight for democracy.
.@SenOrrinHatch I'm really disappointed that you chose rhetoric over action. Please take an actual position and stand up to Trump!
@maryjan914 @SenOrrinHatch Stand up to Trump he did do you want him to lower himself to swearing at the guy.
Sir:We the People thank you for your statement but it's not enough.It's not about party any longer. Do the right thing.Impch.
.@SenOrrinHatch Or maybe you're Sen. Rice reincarnated? Welcome to 1939. #resist #VOTUS
#StopPresidentBannon
migrants that wanted to fit in get a job and not kill us. Our lay around on welfare with many writes for tax payers to pay 4

THIS is the best you can do? 
seriously?
christian?
ashamed of POTUS and his staff
ashamed of YOU
ashamed of living in Utah
You are a traitor to this country and the Constitution. Shame on you and don't think for one minute you won't be voted out.
how can you remain neutral when what's is right is so clear? Live in Utah. Will remember this when I vote.
Take a stand, please! This ban goes against everything we stand for here in UT, it's no time to be so neutral.
staying "neutral" while families are murdered does them no good. I won't be voting for you in 2018.
weak and hypocritical. A typical #utah response.
thanks, but isn't your message vauge? The order to ban immigrants is cruel. As a utahn, I strongly stand against it.
"Neutral" on Constitutional protections? Shame on you. We are watching and history will judge. #noMuslimban
terrible doublespeak. don't think your ancestors had to go through as much vetting as refugees do. Maybe a Mormon ban is next
, that won't do. Not enough. America and posterity are waiting for ACTION, decency. #nomuslimban
@potus @SenOrrinHatch , too little too late! Hold out to your seat. the people of UT will take it from you, as you don't represent us
, shame on u for wanting to ban Muslims.  Freedom of religion. Voted u in can vote up out
, shame on u for wanting to ban Muslims.  Freedom of religion. Voted u I,  Vote up out
.#InvestigateImpeachTrump
#NoBanNoWall #TheResistance
Sir,look2europe,their nightmares in the daylight.Islamic interpreters vetting out Christian wanting2come2america;u r idyllic
.@SenOrrinHatch this is the best you can do? Shameful
the line should begin after the legal immigrants who have been vetted and waiting.
........:
all should go through the immigration process, this is fair.  Tagging them as refugees cost the tax payers more than congress
Can we expect other high-profile LDS figures to condemn this executive ordure?
As of today,we r not a "beacon." I am ashamed at the spineless immorality #PartyorCountry. You sir, are NO statesman.
Nope, this is not nearly enough. The people of your state are watching, Senator, and we'll be voting in 2018.
lol...like you know how bad this is, but you still can't find your balls. Keep looking!
Or you could've just said, "Trump's executive order is wrong."
This is very weak. Protect our country and the Constitution.
in short "I support Muslim ban. But I can't say it out loud because people will call me a hypocrite."
Wow Senator, you're really getting BLASTED here on your twitter feed. Can you tell citizens are not happy with you?
weak and cowardly. This is morally reprehensible. Stand up agai st Trump!! You seriously know the tyranny. Disappointed.
don't tweet, vote!
Ashamed at your weak response.
Rationalizing the reprehensible. Weak. Craven. You are afraid of them aren't you?
follow me.
, quisling
If you don't stop this, you are a traitor to your religion and you country.
Trump is a nazi #LockHimUp
it's totally crazy what the president is doing #crazyoldwhiteman
Mealy-mouthed support for unconsitutional EO is still support for unconstitutional EO. I seriously question your patriotism.
come on Senator - You can do better than this. Expect more. But on the right track at least.
weak. Do better.
