There was a time I had great respect for you Senator Hatch. I found you to be a man of honor.
It is a sad day for me to watch a man who used to vote according to people best interest. To now become a Republican sheep
I once lived in your state and voted for you based on your record and now today I am shamed I cast a vote on for you.
In the two weeks that Trump has been in office I have watched you turn into someone I no longer recognize
from the man I once respected. It is a sad day for me to feel this way towards you. You have dishonored yourself. So sad.
- No, what u r doing is trying to silence criticism of a terrible nominee! GOP is unAmerican. And Elizabeth W. is a hero!
The last time Rule 19 was invoked was for fisticuffs in the 1800's.  This is the problem:  authoritarianism.
I'm disappointed by the ludicrous invocation of Rule 19.
Stay strong!! Why do Dems obstruct at every turn, frustrating. Give Trump a chance
Sessions is a bigot and a racist and has no business being appointed!  He should not be a Senator, either!
And when Ted Cruz called Mitch McConnell a liar on the floor of the Senate, what happened? Nothing. Spare us your hypocrisy.
This is what you were afraid of
"think of his wife"????  We ARE thinking of his wife!  WE WILL PERSIST!  YOU can go back to living in the '50's!
#LetLizSpeak
Please explain why other Senators were later allowed to read the words Senator Warren was censored for. Shame on you.
this is also who've you shut down to defend the racist Sessions. Put the country first for once.
we the ppl r going 2 remember every time u side against us. Ur time is coming 2 an end. No Senator shall side against the ppl
Resign. You are nothing but a mouthpiece for Trump.
He's a mouth piece for Silicone Valley & pro H1B visa traitors who would gladly sell out USA tech work force.
Whatever, you're the first group of clowns to pull that stunt.  Money First, Democracy fifth, maybe sixth.
Please let ppl know that debate is about whether he's qualified. Not his views or politics.
I am very sad I used to admire you look up to you. Either you have changed or I have. Anyway I've lost total respect for you.
THINK! You're an idiot! How can you debate the a candidate's qualifications if you can't critique him/her?
You shame yourself and all Utahans by suppressing the truth and even further by supporting Sessions behavior.
how do you feel about #Trump threatening a St.Rep from TX.? Threaten to ruin a Republican #seizurelaw #Sheriffs
She is out of control,
clean up your own party
GOP Hypocrisy won't go unnoticed. U have a dangerous lunatic in the WH & his cabinet noms are TERRIBLE!
:following the #communist line perfectly #Putin will be pleased after Trump's report. It's sad to watch our nation fail
.@SenOrrinHatch Are you fucking kidding me? After all the rules @GOP has flushed down the toilet? You are a misogynist if this seems normal.
"No senator shall abuse his power by seeking to quiet another senator who has proof of future harm to the Constitution."
Senator Hatch, how can you treat a Native American woman like that?  Shame!! 
Selective memory Senator. This is about silencing dissent. Consequences, always. We're all watching.
The way the senate used rule 19 seems the same way radical Islam uses blasphemy law.
What a pitiful and pathetic show last night.  @SenateGOP should be embraced and ashamed.  Can't wait for 2018.
But it was okay when Sen. Cotton yelled at Sen. Schumer on the Senate floor on Jan. 20th?
Time for you to retire old man. Think of your wife and the embarrassment your causing her.
You sir have dishonored yourself, our state, and our country. #shameful #notwelcome #pleaseresignasap
Thank you Senator Hatch!
I'd like to know why you think DeVos will be good at the DOE.
when did you lose sight of what's truly important. How can you justify these nominations?
& @SenateMajLdr's Had to shut up @elizabethforma rather than let the facts be heard. @GOP #fearthetruth #Shame #censorship
I respect her more for standing up for her constituents
@realDonaldTrump. Rule 19 does not apply. Sessions is unfit to be a Senator. @realDonaldTrump. Ya'll gunna get broomed.
guess hypocrisy isn't included?
you are an embarrassment as is Sessions...
thank you Sen. Hatch, I wouldn't have read Mrs. King's eloquent letter if you hadn't silenced Sen.Warren! NO AG Sessions!
You were quoted calling Democrats "idiots" not two weeks ago. Your hypocrisy is astonishing. Shame.  #LetLizSpeak
Saw yr speech. Utter hypocrisy to accuse Dems of being disrespectful, divisive when YOU have been "Party of No" for 8 years.
Let's be clear: Sen Warren was reading a letter written by Coretta Scott King about Sessions. Not an attack, a witness.
@gop Disgusted with your speech on floor. Quit the good old boys club. #letlizspeak NO on Sessions.
Oh, so now the Senate rules matter. Gotcha. And isn't this a paradox in this case?o
Retire you senile old man.  Sessions is a racists.  Why didn't you stop Cruz when he called McConnell a LIAR????
NO!!! ARE YOU GUYS KIDDING US? You will all fail and fall! Supporting Bannon and incompetent DT!
she is debating the nomination of a SENATOR for a position in the administration! Have you lost your ever loving mind?
Well, selective enforcement has always been a hallmark of GOP racist suppression, so it's use here is only fitting.
Jeff Sessions violates ethical and moral rules. Where is his punishment?
I see, so the Sessions hearing isn't a hearing at all.  It's GOP theatrics with a few tyrannical tantrums thrown in.  Gotcha.
disappointed in your decisions thus far Senator. Did you support Sessions in 1986? Why do so now? #NoSessions #letlizspeak
Please explain what Sen. Warren said that was so offensive.
Fools, you only helped to amplify Warren's message even more. Now it's viral.
Voting for utterly unqualified nominees is conduct unworthy of a senator. Better rebuke the Secretary of the Senate, too.
Thank u for your words!  It is turning into a jungle. WE The people ARE sick of children in our gov... that's why Dems lost!
You represent me and I'm bound by no such rule, Sen. Hatch. Your skin is grown as thin as the abhorrent President you adore.
Sounds vague and open to interpretation. British Parliament certainly doesn't believe in being nice to reach other.
So, if Sessions shot somebody, it would be illegal for the cops to testify against him, since it's "unbecoming his dignity"?
Does procedure prohibit including the King text in a poorly written open letter to Iran undermining the executive branch?
shame on senate republicans for silencing her!
If JS can't be debated freely he shouldn't get a vote. For Ref: #NeverthelessShePersisted https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988/Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.pdf …
"Diatribe"?  Your misogyny will get you primaried.  Pretty sure poor Mrs Sessions knows her hubby is a racist dick.
censure that sir.
So, who's the snowflake now? Senate chambers as safe zone. Was Sessions feeling triggered?#hypocrisy
You need a safe space, little boy?
how about trump's myriad violations? You, sir, are a hypocrite. We want you out! #VoteOrrinOut
Lets be fair, were I you I would want her to shut up too, Sessions is a complete embarrassment. Shame on you.
The fact that reading a historical letter from King's widow, impunes his character, only speaks to the fact he should fail.
I feel sickened by your conduct and that of your fellow Republican Senators today. Please resign.
you realize you are defending a racist? Listen to your constituents. People BEFORE party.
You are gutless and lack the moral compass to represent Utah but you cannot stop the truth.
I'm DISGUSTED that you won't allow facts of #Sessions historic racism to be heard! #Sessionshearing @SenWarren
...witch hunt down. The letter should continue as evidence of his conduct. Your behavior & self-righteousness are disgusting.
This "gag rule" was introduced by RACIST SOUTHERNERS IN THE 1800's  hasn'tchanged.  @SenOrrinHatch
...directly was not speaking against him, but used words from another to prove her point. Therefore you should shut this...
... against our current civil rights. His decisions are questionable and the words @SenWarren used were from another. She...
You are debating the conduct of a Senator to a higher position. His ethics do not represent the American people and go...
if you truly believe this action against Sen Warren is justified, then you truly are totally partisan...retire at end of term
when I lived in Utah, I respected you. But you have become so disappointing; she read a letter that was already in the record


Do you believe in free speech or not. You stop a senator from reading what other have already spoken? SHAME  SHAME SHAME
You're offensive by voting yes for DeVos. You've ignored your constituents. I will help fund your opponent during reelection
thank you. It's about time!! She needs to focus on her own job since her state wants to vote her out.

This is the letter from Coretta Scott King about Jeff Sessions that Mitch McConnell doesn't want you to know about http://thkpr.gs/d000a470c6b4  
she didn't have to read it, we will! #cnn #letlizspeak #GOP https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988-Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.html#document/p1 …
also how EXACTLY are you then supposed to question suitability in real confirmation hearing that's not a sham? @senwarren
@MelissaJPeltier respectfully, Senator, watching the tape you were more interested in digging in your  than @elizabethforma
doesn't that rule violate equal protection compared 2 talking about a non-Senator being confirmed?@elizabethforma @senwarren
@MelissaJPeltier
can you hear yourself? Do you have some sort of short-term memory loss issues? I'm guessing it's just OK when you do it.
@MamaB_L but if a Senator is a candidate 4 AG then this rule should not apply. Coretta's letter read by a male senator!
you think you can silence the words of a Civil Rights hero?  YOU CANNOT!  We stand with Sen Warren & Coretta Scott King
bring her up on charges. She's a bit touched in the head.
Typical Mormon man, trying to silence the voice of a powerful woman. He is officially a henchman for Trump now.
Was Sen Cruz calling Sen Reid a liar on senate floor not a violation of rule 19?
Did Sen Perdue NOT violate rule 19 while attacking Schumer on February 1st for crying about the travel ban?
Wait, so no one is allowed to say anything bad about Sessions just because he's a Senator? How is that a debate?
Shameful we have senators with unbecoming motives/conduct. Doubly shameful we cannot openly discuss their fitness for the job
maybe Jeff #Sessions should not act in a way unbecoming of a Senator! #TruthBomb #sessionsconfirmation #resist
Chickenshit. Did the female senator hurt your little feelings?

.@SenOrrinHatch silencing critics? That's a good side of history to be on. No one ever went wrong using the law to stop open debate.
The Ltr is PUBLIC info from CongressionalRecord re: #Sessions
We're taking govt back from the #GOP in 2018—#SitDownSenator
this is another "so-called" senator
You're appalled by Dems re: Sessions? Why not about how Sessions has treated African-Americans? Says a lot about your values.
All over a letter? Please get a grip. You all sold out anyways. Devos for education? Now Sessions as judge?
whatever afterlife exists holds a special place in the darkness for you and your hypocrites Sen Hatch
you are disgraceful.
even if that senator is a racist?  Shame on YOU Sen Hatch.
Wrong.  The Rule applies to the conduct among those debating.  Not about the one who is THE SUBJECT of debate. #LetLizSpeak
.@SenOrrinHatch quoting Coretta Scott Kong is offensive? No, you and your colleagues selling out America is offensive. Putting $ b4 ppl! Sad
Really? You petty little man.
thank you Senator 
So...in other words, any senator up for cabinet position is confirmed automatically? Why even debate? Nonsense.
I think Mrs. King was imputing conduct unworthy of a federal judge. It's right there in the text.
Obviously to any rational human being, this rule should not apply when a senator is up for confirmation.
Stupid rule. Truth should never be silenced.
go ahead and pull the white sheet and hood out your closet
.@SenOrrinHatch well, isn't that a ridiculously self-serving rule. Your egos get in the way of your jobs! #republicandoublestandards #utpol
Another superannuated old fart who needs to forcibly retired.
My 4-year-old often covers her ears when she doesn't like what I'm saying. Who knew the Senate GOP did that too? #letLizspeak
don't hide behind that, you are all pathetic hypocrital evangelicals.
"even if everything she said was true"
reading a quote from a letter previously presented before the body? You're a sellout. #fraud #whippingboy
Are you seriously bragging about silencing someone trying to read the words of MLK's widow??
weak wimpy cowardly snowflake
such embarrassing behavior for a man that was once considered a statesman. Advocating for a racist.
Who wants to hear anything you have to say after you failed your constituents earlier?
immaterial-was he a senator when he acted per CSK's statement? Also perhaps senators should be more senatorial/above disgrace
Sessions is already unbecoming of a Senator, let alone AG, and yet here we are. Shame on every one of you. #LetLizSpeak
sit down!
you violate common sense with your support of a mentally ill bigoted demagogue. History is watching you.
just sent sessions $100
ANYTHING FOR A QUICK BUCK.
isn't this what you people do every day?
You are an embarrassment. What's left of your soul is crying right now.
Sessions is being discussed as Attorney General nominee, not his time in the Senate.
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP You IDOTS! U just declared war on ALL who revere MLK & Coretta Scott King & in #BlackHistoryMonth
@SenateMajLdr  Gentlemen, what is the penalty? If no penalty, then there must be no offense
Your actually proud your dirty trick stopped Warren from exposing a RACIST!!!  You need to go, #voteouthatch
@DrivebyfaithKo Warren and all dems are an embarrassment to the country obviously don't care about people they represent
Sessions didn’t stop being a racist when he became a senator, senator.
What is the definitn of "conduct unworthy or unbecoming a Senator?" Bar is lowered according to behavr that goes unchallenged
Confirmation of whole cabinet needs to move quicker ignore @SenWarren. She is #selfserving & #positioning for her 2020 run.

Sen. Warren was reading from the Federal record, stupid! Surely, God does NOT approve of your behavior! #HatefulOldMen
Aren't you supposed to support the people you serve? You vote against your constituents.

.@SenOrrinHatch @JeffSessionsrbx is applying for job requiring Senate approval.@SenWarren is recording evidence bec @SenateGOP moved to vote
cowardly.  Of what value is a confirmation hearing if contrasting opinions cannot be aired? Sessions hiding behind his seat.
Here comes Jonny!!! (Huntsman).
he's got my vote. Orrin has my vote for retirement. #VoteOrrinOut
are you saying the words of Coretta Scott King or @SenWarren impugned #Sessions
Hey I found an old photo of your family reunion!
Then he should resign his Senate seat. The people deserve honest discussion.
Coming from you and the rest of the @GOP this is amazing, you all don't care for the rules, american ppl, or anything but $
Truth ain't libel though.
