Translation for those outside the Beltway:
"invest" = "wastes" for the benefit of "K" St.
How is the money going to be spent?
Nope! Medicare isn't stripped but shouldn't be cut; no reason not to repeal #Obamacare though--it's dead with all cuts.
Medicare is not Medicaid.  Different programs. It's next on the GOP chopping block, though.
There's no way they could pass cutting medicare. People would overthrow the government.
Those in poverty ;pre existing conditions; elderly and disabled on medicare/medicaid need affordable ins not accessable but affordable
It would be nice if the drug companies (pushers) helped cover that tab.  Maybe you all should ask them to pitch in some.
Everyone ask the lying GOP why they're exempting themselves? If that doesn't say it all to you, you're no longer a Patriot. Register DEM NOW
Government needs to stay out of health care all together. The private sector should be in charge of it to get costs down & care up!!!!!
So, $45B considering how high treatment prices are. Only covers 1.8M patients.
Shouldn't state fund their own centers so prices are low.
This is NOT the role of govt
More propaganda lies for political greed
What are these lies? Do they know you're cutting Medicaid? #Lies #ACA
and how much less is that than the ACA? If your cutting back medicaid and subsides with higher deductibles how would anyone use the $45B?
For every 1 idiot that abuses there are 1000 that need this medication to live a productive life! STOP punishing those who need it! Jesus!
Why can't this be given to the states. Push all healthcare and taxes back to states, free market and non-profits. #unleashfreemarket
Outlaw narcan. The epidemic solves itself.
WOW that should help a few.
THE BILLS NOT READY! This is more important than reelection. Think how historic 4 GOP 2 seek Dems 2 create masterpiece 4 us all! Collaborate
For $45 billion dollars you can just give everybody their fix
You've had 7yrs to come up w a plan. Tell your constituents you used your extensive vacations instead of working to replace !!! Hypocrisy
Lies, lies. You are working to take away health ins. from the vulnerable.  Where are your morals or compassion.
it's #WorseCare  not #BetterCare 

Remove the #wealthcare tax cut & cuts to Medicaid ...That will be better. 
#NoAHCA
Just not their BS epidemic.  We are all choking on that.
Senate bill just as bad, if not worse than house bill.

Really yourbkidfing me u will find anything to complain about. You lost get over it.
You think cracking down on doctors and pharmaceuticals that give out freebies may help. Or losing campaign $$$$$ MORE IMPORTANT
Republicans are in humane and this will not make them better they are acting disgusting
Does that include herion.  Too many prescriptions for all drugs. Start actually treating patient s instead of throwing  at them
If you live in chronic pain then you have the right to judge!
How many on asprin! Give us the breakdown on what drugs and what we're suicide! It
Throwing $$$ at the opioid problem without any plan of any sort will be a waste of money.
That's nowhere near enough. Plus kicking 20 mill off, gutting Medicaid, prevé conditions back, huge deductibles, nothing covered. WTF
You all need to start defending the Trumpman and the Administration as well.  When on TV stoip the criticism and start saying good things.

Is this your new spin since EVERYONE hates your new bill? Investing in opioid crisis is nothing without Medicaid to cover rehab #Shameless
When blacks had crack, where were you???
Now there's a white problem, magically money.
But you cut Medicaid coverage for addiction treatment!!! #wtf
45 billion?  That's what 205 billion short of what has been requested?  Awww how NOT generous of you!
You are liars. Experts agree this is a drop in the bucket
Cut the bull.  Thats a drop in the bucket
Obama care works for the majority. Grey areas exist, so fix the loop holes that cause financial harm. I pay $400/mo & before O-care $2000/mo
And the new healthcare limits mental health and addition help. Make a bill that helps not hirts
Republicans put TRILLIONS stop saying Billions......put in TRUMP city Doral,  TRILLIONS,  our Tribal CIA group Captured him

45B to pay off politicians to inflate costs of the overdose drug #Naloxone from $690 to $4500 #SenateGrifters
How much are we spending on other illegal drugs, does this make sense really, people have responsibility
It would not cost a dime if doctors would stop prescribing opioid. But greed rules the world of medicine and healthcare.
Shouldn't YOU #FIRST get #HEALTHCARE RIGHT? #GOP #DEMS #Independents #Libertarians #Greenies
Legalize cannabis. It is the best and most effective way to help these people!
Which you intended to drop until Portman and Capito raised a stink. Now you're buying them off for a 'yes.'
Stop pharmacutical industry kick backs to Drs.  Aderral is legal government appoved meth over prescribing pharm creates addicts
and yet 22M additional people will lose access to healthcare.
Hey what about 23 million without cover?
Not nearly enough when you break it down.
How cares it's too expensive Medicaid would be gone tell the dam truth Republicans besides the fact that a lot of Americans covered
Added what I posted on Fb and now on twitter!!! So disgusted!!!!



How about responsibility
But if you can't afford health insurance or you have pre existing conditions, what difference does it make?!
Yes
Your idea of a HC Bill IS A DISASTER!!! STOP BEING COMPLICIT IN THE TRUMP/RUSSIA ISSUE!!! COUNTRY 1st!!! LOSING VOTERS RAPIDLY!!!!!
You wanna stop opioid addiction, legalize marijuana  and put tougher restrictions on pharmaceutical companies. They profit from addiction
Fix ACA and this not needed.
Not true!  Please vote no on #BCRA & #ProtectOurCare. Please!

governors find GOP health plan 'still unacceptable' despite push from Pence

Drop in the bucket and you know it.  Stop lying.
Too much imo break it up for cancer and Alzheimer's
Throwing money at opioid abuse will not work until you get to the root of problem i.e. Doctors, Insurance, Pharmaceuticals, Drug Traffic
ALL u Bags-O-shit just work on "HOW 2 GET REELECTED"  TIME 4 AMERICAN VOTER SUPPORTED #TERMLIMITS!!! Fire all @HouseFloor & @SenateFloor
Why the f**k r u not investigating George Soros...http://freedomoutpost.com/george-soros-tied-file-multiple-lawsuits-to-stop-trumps-investigation-of-election-discrepancies/ … #FBI
Your plan if passed will fail and burn up on you. Very foolish. Baesed on hate of Obama.  Anything based on hate, revenge is doomed
@SenateMajLdr @Lawrence @KeithOlbermann If we had Health Care for All. You would to bribe your fellow Senators. Kill the Bill NOW.
How about repealing #Obamacare you weenies.
you won't stop it by throwing money at it  Need companies to stop producing it Build the wall,prevent the other illegal drugs getting here
Could be paid for by de-listing cannabis. Not to mention it's extremely beneficial helping with opioid withdrawls. #ScienceMatters
#TortReform skipped by lawyers in congress...imagine that. Piranha aren't canibles either but they let them loose in the medical profession
No, you are not.
Hey. You left out the part where the insurance companies say ur plan sucks. I'm sure u just forgot. And after they gave u all that money...
This should be paid for by a penalty on opioid manufacturers.  Why should taxpayers clean up their mess from which they profit?
Bull. Shit.
How about divide in thirds for Alzheimer's and cancer research?
#BetterCare ?  How about #DontCare ?
DJT & GOP has sabotaged the ACA with lies and negative propaganda & defunding  FIX ACA
Who cares? I'm not a junky. I need affordable healthcare more. @SenateDems @SenWarren
Go after those who steal/sell/buy prescriptions & stop punishing legitimate pain patients!
Big deal!!  Stuck in to appease a few senators! Not fone with intent and thought!
Best care would include #SaveMedicaid #SaveMedicaid since fighting addicting takes years. #handsOff #handsOff #savetheACA
Nothing but LIES!  You all are out for yourselfs and not what's good for the American People!  All to stubborn to work with the Democrats!
#SinglePayer is the real answer
Where are you getting this $45 billion???
Those funds were an after thought in the face of opposition. Don't hurt you arms patting your  backs. Bill is healthcare-robbing taxgiveaway
Lies lies lies
Then why underfund?
Gut coverage + increase premiums = WORSE healthcare for Americans. Ins Co's will make coverage available but impossible to afford. Shameful.
So as a Republican I voted 4 Donald Trump so I could pay billions N taxes 4 drug addicts and sex changes. Ryan & O'Connel must GO
How about the $2B already available but not touched?
Hmm stripping $700,000,000,000+ from Medicaid and boasting abt leaving 45bill in for opioid, interesting sales pitch, I'm not buying #Liars
Still lining the pockets of the rich!!!! There's a special place in hell for you guys!!
Let those who overdose by choice, die by their own hands. No money to help them. Use the $45 Billion to pay down debt.@cspanwj @FoxBusiness
Take Trump out of office & need for drugs to get through the day will decrease
U lying sack of How do U look @ UR children's faces when U R killing other children,4!GOP U R DESPICABLE HUMAN BEINGSSTOP LYING 2 PPL
Senate Collusion Statement:

The #GOP Fully Support the Trump team colluding with the Russians & Lying about it.  Our new strategy for 2018.
Addiction is a pre-existing condition.
Fake story
Throwing money at this problem is not going to fix it.   Go after Doctors for writing the prescription.
McConnell & Ryan are in charge. They've accepted millions from drug industry which is equally at fault with Drs for the opioid epidemic.
If you cared about preventing the 52k deaths per year in the #opioidcrisis then you'd #savetheACA & #SaveMedicaid & fund treatment centers!!
Grow a pair and do what's right for the country not necessarily our party. Voters will remember
This is still a bad idea and Republican voters have a long memory. Medical care = a business. Plans will still be leaving under this bill.
https://peacefulvibes101.blogspot.com/2017/07/make-america-greater.html …
Not nearly enough.
That is a pittance! You are paid off by drug companies NOT to go after them which is what should be done
this is a bribe to pass the poison bill nothing else u dont really care about health u care about taxcuts
Invest a lot less than that in ACA 2 improve more programs besides opioid!Like mental health & many others that ACA offers now & BC doesn't!
Opioids big prob in NE. Majority of country has Meth/ exctacy prob=requires mental & substance abuse help! Dual Diagnosis help covers all!
BCRA What’s in it? Total insanity, 45B$ for opioid abuse (a police issue); 132B$ bailouts for Donors. Another lipstck on a pig sham. Veto it
#NoTaxCuts #TakeCareOfYourConstituents and quit #LiningYourPockets #GreedyBastards @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
Pay-off to the States for what the ACA was already doing.  So Trumpcare is Obamalite.  #Resist
#NoBRCA...it IS a CANCER!!! #DoNotCutMedicaid @SenCoryGardner @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @washingtonpost @nytimes @denverpost @9NEWS
REPEAL REPLACE O'CARE
Opiod epidemic, rich white kids OD'ing. GTFOH
Addicts will steal, rob & even murder to stop withdrawal. The long road to cleaning up America is to make opioids unattractive to our youth.
Hmmm. Not sure money is what's going to stop that. Didn't stop Prince from overdosing. Nor Michael Jackson.
Remember the crack epidemic in the primarily lower class black community? No? Thats what I thought
How about busting the pharmaceutical companies pushing doctors to push the drugs in the first place
When doctors who intentionally overprescribe go to jail, they will stop doing that.
What isn't available at any price, can't be used.
http://in.reuters.com/article/usa-governors-opioids-idINKBN19Y2XN …. #StopLying
How do u guys, most of u are guys, sleep at night peddling a inhuman Bill like the one ur slopping together with payoffs to Marco's Fla,etc.
The Opiod epidemic is primarily an upper class suburban problem and NOT anything the entire country is dealing with.
I disagree...as a nurse I see this first hand. Where is your evidenced based knowledge for your statement?
Only way to reduce illegal opioid use is to cut off supply, make it too expensive to get, AND, punish the prescribers/sellers #Severely.
All the while killing coverage, giving yr cronies a tax cut and killing social services and treatment  facilities. Shame on your greedy soul
#NoCare does nothing for no one, least of all those struggling with opioid addiction. You're gutless, hateful excuses for humanity.
And take 880 Billion out of Medicate to pay for tax breaks for the liar an chief and people like him Screw Penn W Va OHIO Kentucky hisVoters
Didn't you start at 1 billion? What about Medicaid? Why tax cuts for rich on the backs of Medicaid cuts?
TRADERS, TRADERS, TRADERS SOULLESS TRADERS ALL YOU GOP
Little cash for states in exchange for a vote to destroy Medicaid?  There's a reason @GOP governors say no thanks!
I think you really mean 45 b to buy off a Senator's vote.  And I'm quite sure it'll work. PATHETIC
Part of the solution: teach people how to properly and safely tapper down from pain meds. 2 surgeries and zero information from doctors.
Stop trying to destroy protections for ordinary Americans so you can deliver massive tax breaks to the wealthy elite who pay for @gop
What no sending the white addicts to jail???
#bettercare taxes the middle class and subsidies the big Insurance companies #fullrepeal #freemarket #unalienablerights
Your bill's name is Orwellian. It is much worse and with Cruz idea will f the market. Just stop messing with the ACA. Ur's is indefensible
Maybe the corporate greed pharmaceutical companies could pay for this.They created this http://monster.Show  accountability.
what do you think of communities considering rationing narcan with 3 overdoses and then we let you die? Legal prescriptions cause OD'S too
Can't even imagine on what the 45 billion is going to be spent on.Something tells me it's related to the 1.3 billion in Medicaid scam.
Needed: canidates to run in the 2018 Republican primarys. #removerinos
U promised. Ur lying to the American ppl. If u keep any of Obamacare, u will lose the house and senate, which u deserve to do for stupidity.
U sorry ppl r dooming ur elections in 2018. This "bettercare"crap is nothing but ur own agenda, not Trumps. U r not repealing Obamacare like
REPEAL Obamacare and put back the 700 million it stole from Medicaid
Don't want to hear one more word from you until you STAND UP FOR OUR COUNTRY!! #GOPcomplicit #RNCcomplicit #Ryancomplicit
GOP lines own pockets at expense of Americans. #TreasonWeasels
Pointless lie. If you fascists were concerned, then...
Also check into these Pharmaceutical companies.  All this money donated for Cancer Wheres the CURE? Somethings FISHY with that.
How about you dedicate some time to investigating the Russian influence in the White  House?
I have personal exp dealing with an opioid addicted son.  Throwing money at it isn't the answer.  He's been clean 5 years because everyone
stopped enabling him and he had to CHOOSE to clean up his life or live on the streets.  He will say putting him out saved his life.
Bandaids don't solve public health problems. If you want to help solve opiod epidemic, #SaveMedicaid #HandsOff
