true ! But the liberals cannot help themselves, you see they have mental problems! Just look @ their behavior!!
you do understand the liberals see it the exact opposite way? How can we come together?
as of now that is impossible I believe
for America. Both want safety, good economy, etc.
true . Safety is a priority to trump . Liberals want to let anyone in the country w/o vetting . Look how they act
lol trump wants money oil from Russia who he conspired with and will not show his Taxes. He is insane
your nuts ! Their is more oil and gas in this country then anywhere else . Ur delusional & nuts
I hope you know how far right Fox News leans as well CM
To all Garland foot stompers...last yr in Pres term has not confirmed a SCOTUS in over 80 years. Dems would do no different.
republicans are lying ass hypocrites and trump is a psychopath.
one of the worse interviews, no push back no reminder of what they did with Obama
the nomination was not Obama's to make
yes it was if not then this Illegitimate fool in the Oval Office does not get one!
thats not how it works sorry
not an outstanding pick. Garland was better, yall did him wrong,  bunch of damn cowards all of you
well Mr hatch so was merrick Garland why did you hypocrites not give him respect? Spell Hypocrite!
Hatch wants to pretend he is not responsible for obstruction for eight year.  Deplorable.  #voteouthatch
Read Leonhardt...read Chait. Gotta be all about resistance now.
Obvisously she is still with FOX News!! I like MSNBC, but will not support/watch her show! #BanGreta #BanTrump
Hatch participated in failing to give Garland a hearing!!! This nomination belongs to the former president!
Remember Merrick Garland, Greta? We do.
TBH you're delusional
Merrick Garland
Is this old fool even self aware of what he just said?  He basically called his own actions inexcusable.
There is nothing anyone can say to Hatch,  he sold his soul to the GOP.  Only thing left to say is#voteouthatch
so was Obama's SCOTUS nomineee
Best thing you've said since moving to MSNBC! Love you!
A rough time?  Confirm. proceedings haven't even started.  Crybaby.
and M. Garland? The seat belongs to him
Exactly the same could be said for Merrick Garland. In fact, Orrin Hatch has said it in the past!
Greta playing Softball with Hatch was pathetic. Go back to FOX if your only gonna play footsie with Senators!
it was inexcusable to deny Merrick Garland a hearing. Gorsuch is illegitimate.
sorry you went to the other side will watch no more
YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE   #VOTEOUTHATCH
Given you are both terribly comprimisex forgive us if we dont respect that. @greta @SenOrrinHatch @MSNBC
@dunnet26 @SenOrrinHatch @MSNBC : But, DEMS will put him thru hell!
For sure, G, but he won't cast his pearls in with the horrid fake news of MSNBC. How much did they pay u?
freeze all nominees
two words Metrics Garland
- So was Merrick Garland.  Did you piss and moan about that?
I'm disabled, Gorsuch rulings hurt my Family, workplace, school!!
We felt the same way about #MerrickGarland ,he never got a hearing! Nothing. #RESISTANCE
but they will. All what they want or nothing. U c their true colors greta
No! What was inexcusable is the fact that you and your cronies wouldn't even interview Merrick Garland.
The R's expect the Dems to play by the rules while the R's run amok. You'll get your candidates - the hard way.
Hypocritical of Repubs-refuse to vote for MONTHS on Supreme Court, now want their war starting agenda honored.
Like the Repubs gave to Garland???
WHAT???? Pot calling kettle black!!!
@kevcirilli @SenOrrinHatch @MSNBC 
INEXCUSABLE 
Go back to Fox. I am sure you love Trump after all you Dad was good friends with Joe McCarthy, 1950s tyrant.
I'm not thrilled with your addition to @MSNBC. Sorry @maddow I disagree on your recommendation.
The Dems owe the popular majority the fight. Republicans must go nuclear. Dems can't normalize this POTUS.
And why is MSNBC even bothering with hypocritical BS like this? We want real news.
such a bad actor. A "hard time" is was what @SenOrrinHatch gave #Obama for 8 years #shorttermmemory #GongShow
Know whats "inexcusable"? Pseudo-Republicans betraying their country based on the whims of a pseudo-President.
What's inexcusable is the amount of hypocrisy coming from this senator's mouth. He needs to align with America
Republicans could have put Jesus himself as a Supreme Court Justice and the Dems would still bitch
Republicans would never have picked middle-east Jesus. Such bigots.
Merrick Garland was a great choice as well Senator yet your party refused to give him a hearing.  Shame.
this is news?
#FakeNewsMedia
Ask better questions. Why don't you call him out on Garland? Mean spirited Dems? Rep obstruction for 8 years!
So we should roll over and play dead while Republicans destroy this country?  No its time to fight!!
Repubs are dirty politics players & cheaters, they blocked Pres Obama of his Constitutional power to nominate @SenOrrinHatch @MSNBC
On your show @SenOrrinHatch spins it like R's didn't boycott noms in 2013! Hypocrisy in action! You shoul've pressed him on that!
Lovely. He can get in line after Merrick Garland
wow! Criticizing dems when they would NOT even TALK to Garland
Oh, like Merrick Garland?
GOP feel wounded about SCOTUS pick. You let the be victims. Sad. Amnesia? Garland? Call it out!!
It's a #StolenSeat - Treat Gorsuch just like Republicans treated Garland
#BlockGorsuch @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Its time to give the Republicans the effort they gave main street for the last 8 years. They set the standard!!
it may be inexcusable, but they will
I knew 6 hours before the  announcement who the pick was. If you didn't perhaps you need to find a new career
shame on you Greta for not bringing up Merrick Garland in this interview about SCOTUS seat
Why does this lady regurgitate every talking point the Republicans give her?
and Garland isn't an outstanding man?!
AGREED
please stop using the President's ill-chosen term "nuclear option.""
It wasn't the presidents term but your right it should be called the Reid option.
that's fine with me. The word "nuclear" is dangerous out of context like this.
Way to go
Wow.. you mean Merrick Garland wasn't a white man too? How did you discover this alternative-fact
Oh SNAP!
ask when Fens used nuclear option
