#Charlottesville 9:56pm  CHANTS: "One people, one nation, end immigration" & "blood and soil" 
We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home. -OGH
your brother fought in WWII so did my dad, he flew for the RAF. They fought for a "free world". You are supporting the rise of a Hilter like leader.  The similarities are terrifying, you should shake in your boots. He is a complete autocratic idiot.  The world knows.
These people need to stopped fined jailed. That is not democracy or freedom of speech it is pure EVIL
Huh, when people marched in Ferguson, I saw this. Didn't see it tonight.  Wonder why?
The white people don't burn shit down and destroying everything around them because they don't act like animals.
Do you take your hood off to type or did you just cut bigger eye holes?
I'm mixed race, I wouldn't be allowed to wear a klan hood, If the actual Klan even existed anymore.
LOL, they do dipshit
Keep telling yourself that, your need of a boggy man to label people instead of acknowledging the problems of various people of today.
And you need to have several seats before you say ignorant things on twitter. The klan is real. They are literally having a rally today.
Uh huh, this is why people are not caring anymore and its wonderful. Its not stopping here either.
Why tag @GOP, wouldn't doubt a couple of them were there. Sorry if you don't stand against it then you support it. F--k, twitter get on 
Then DO SOMETHING! We're way past time when words are worth anything. #whitenationalistterrorism Stop protecting & enabling #TraitorTrump
#Charlottesville
Not only do they douse the light of freedom that belongs 2other souls they destroy civic circulation that thrives cultures & economies 4ALL.
You did this @senorrinhatch. You voted for this man in the WH knowing who & what he represented.
The @GOP has been playing footsies with this crowd for decades. Chickens coming home to roost. Just look at who you put in as POTUS!!
Clever and biting. Great job, Sen. Hatch.
Impeach this disgusting human being. It's all his fault.
@Mark_Sheppard @aletweetsnews
#History #Notes:
Imperial Rome was not this corrupt.
No one could openly murder a Roman Citizen in streets,
& get a nod from the Emperor.
Senator Hatch thank you for your words! HATE can only destroy our Democracy as created!
So, you think this would have taken place under Obama, W.Bush....not likely.  Hate is is being fueled by a White House YOU support-HYPOCRITE
The GOP have bean tRUMP enablers and have a position similar to Chamberlain vis a vis Hitler & nazi Germany! Apologists for tRUMP
@realDonaldTrump & his goons have no place in civil society.R u going 2 do something abt them or just keep votng 4 his destructive policies?
You sound surprised. Surely you've figured Drumpf out by now. These are clearly his acolytes.
Talk is cheap.  How do you plan to turn the GOP away from the Southern Strategy?  What real steps will you take?  Or...just empty words?
#condemMAGA and what it truly stands for...this!
Fucking damn straight. A generation was decimated fighting this ideology. A debt will we never repay. There is NO PLACE for it now.
Too bad @vp and @potus say nothing.  Can you get @jasoninthehouse to speak up?
The hate from BLM & Antifa have no place either. It all needs to stop. Politicians like you aren't helping when you single out one group.
Their thoughts & beliefs aren't what being an American represents, Americans should welcome with open arms all races and religions

Correct. But you continue to support a man who doesn't condemn these ideas as a leader in that society. Empty words.
Where was the outrage from the left when BLM, Occupy, & libs torched entire cities? When ISIS kills: silence! !!!!
Exactly why Americans are disgusted with 2 faced hateful politicians. Trashing our great Pres.Trump and his & your voters while doing this.
"My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home". Well said, Senator. I honor his sacrifice.
#1 We are a nation of immigrants ~ not indigenous to this land
#2 All humans bleed red blood
#3 Fear breeds hate
#4 We need to conquer fear
Tell that to the child in charge and his evil goons
THIS did NOT happen overnight. You & @GOP have been watching this since 2016.
Their tiki torches may be fueled by citronella but their ideas are fueled by hate, & have no place in civil society. https://twitter.com/aletweetsnews/status/896189794778218496 …
You NEVER challenged Trump & only used words such as 'concern'. People are not born bigots. This is something that is taught.
When our leaders are silent it sends a message that they don't care. You need to do more than just tweet that it's wrong. #ImpeachTrump
MLK said it best.

word!
Its time for Congress to step in Senator. POTUS needs to step aside or be moved aside and let the leaders lead and govern-NOW.
Could have been avoided if your party hadn't endorsed Trump as presidential candidate. I'm embarrassed to be represented by you.
What is so "funny"., the big boys are afraid of little bugs, they use citronella to keep the insects away
Thank you Sir.
Didn't @OrrinHatch vote for tillerson, sessions, devos & gorsuch?! NOBODY who did has ANY right to call djt out for supporting nazis & kkk!!
This is the poison that @realDonaldTrump fomented, campaigned on and has multiplied since taking office 
It's known as the Trump Effect
Wanna talk about voter suppression in your state?
What will you and the @GOP do about it, Senator?
Now call Trump out by name and work with Congress to remove this man from the people's White House built by slaves.
Senator, with all due respect, condemn the idiot in the WH that employs white supremacy such as Bannon, Miller and Gorka. They embolden him
Then sir please tell American's what you did to try to stop this divisive @realDonaldTrump. A disgrace to the nation. #GOP #Charlottesville
Oh, they have definitely found a home in the GOP & the WH
They are not fueled by citronella (factually) -- they r "fueled" by the #Dems fomenting violence & hate as they use America 2 hide misdeeds.
They have hearts filled with hate.
Looks  just like a citified suburban version of the Klan of old.
"Blood and soil" is not an American saying.. who planted and planned this with Ukrainian Nazis?
All of these strong and targeted responses from GOP senators unlike The man who thinks he's president, @realDonaldTrump
You can do something about this, sir.
We haven't had a civil society since you and the @GOP put Trump in office! This is ALL ON YOU!
ACT NOW. Get the White Supremacists OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE. Impeach Trump NOW. His hateful rhetoric lead America to this brink once again.
He can spot a radical Islamic fundamentalist but can't spot a Nazi even if they have a swastika tattooed on their forehead.
Insert phony #Liberal narratives. Amazing how poorly the violent #Liberal LEFT does when they don't have paid mobs to support them
Okay now it's serious: #cintronella stock down 40%!
SO! How many times have we heard from either of you today? #Barcelona #Terrorism
Where are all your fellow Republicans in denouncing this evil shit, sir?
Speak up senator & call out that POS in the WH! But NO YOU & ur @GOP colleagues own this. You say nothing while America goes backwards
Yes, so let's start by protecting the US Flag.  Is there a place for flag burning in our society. I'd seriously like an answer for WCRP.
That is the most ridiculous true statement I've ever heard. Did I lose my mind or is this actually real?
Thank you for being on the right side of history.
Much like that Ambulatory Orange Shitstain in the Oval Office that you continue to support so please spare us your "moral indignation".
What actions will you all take since Racist T won't! You voting to diminish agency that fights White supremacists?! Great action! Hypocrite
These are Trump supporters. This is who the republican party is. You helped these men feel comfortable taking off their hoods.
No. They're Trumplicans. It's what some Republicans have mutated into. Others are holding the line of conservatism, but they are few, now.
These are David Duke followers.  Just like the a Dems KKK ROOTS. @POTUS have and would denounced them.  Hate is a poison.
Well, let's see if he denounces them.
It's easy to put your blame cross on @POTUS Trump.. You're been conditioned to hate and you don't even know it.
I've been conditioned to spot deluded cult members. Stop speaking of Trump as a messianic figure. That's creepy and insane.
No im not. He's @POTUS -That is all. no high rise - he's has a responsibility to bring all American people together. He's failed.
Yes. He's definitely failed, and that's nobody's doing but his own. He ran on division and won by division. Simple as that.
Senator, is this like "thoughts and prayers" where Republicans spout nice-sounding-words but do nothing?
You're a Mormon, I thought you liked mindless cults?
Let's not forget BLM Senator Hatch just as dangerous as the KKK and Created by Demorats Party... 
Time to Prosecute their Leaders
@aletweetsnews You voted this hate-monster into the White House. Your condemning tweet doesn't redeem you!
They are the people that voted for Trump and you support Trump. This is a GOP mess and as usual, you have no idea how to clean it up.
Agreed.  Should the same outrage and standards be applied to BLM and other hate groups who march and chant 'kill cops'
Says the next POTUS.
Yet the likes of you go quiet when Antifa tears through some run down neighbourhood,smashing windows and beating randoms in the street.
These are the ideas you elected and support
Senator congratulations,  the Republican party now own the alt right... because of your tacit support of Trump.
Yet you Sen Hatch supported racist trump. Explain that.
It's legal though?
This problem needs more than words &  tweets, it's a white problem, fueled by GOP's party & Trump, Terror must stop. White's have to solve.
Sen Hatch
You know that a night time march with torches with white supremacisits words provokes fear, even led to a death. #Charlottesville
Sen Hatch - DO NOT TOLERATE WHITE SUPREMACISTS / NATIONALISTS it's a white problem GOP must solve with one country in mind, not going back.
Sorry,your words are not believable,you support all the bigots in the White House,who are spreading this hate. Gorka is a Nazi!
They say r better cuz of color, sex, home, never say better cuz of personal accomplishments. Tear others down to justify their self worth
It's not like members of #Congress would ever attend the funeral of a former KKK member. And praise his life. But that is what you did.
Thank you for speaking up.
But how many of you Politicians have asked Trump to resign from his acknowledgment and acceptance of this crap? #NoBackBonePoliticians
Please. The president you support is allowing this. Their deaths are not your political opportunity.
Maybe the people who are carrying those torches?
Why did you not once say same about Black Supremacist BlackLivesMatter Terrorists when they marched & screamed for dead cops & then killed?
Folks are pissed, they don't like What Obama did, open the boarders with hoard of illegals and Muslim immigrants. Hate is a poison.
POTUS statement was perfect. You can not call out one hate group w/o calling out BLM and ANTIFA. Why have none of you made statements on thm
Thank you, sir!!!
You'll never be President. Your coup will not work. Hillary IS President. The people HAVE spoken. As soon as you're all in prison, she'll...
Please Senator Hatch, make him go away before he kills all of us.
Enlighten me. FIC?
Oooo, does your grandmomma know you use that language in her basement
U and ur party are led by a racist who has filled his admin with white supremacists. Do something about it or sit down. Done with excuses
Frankly I am not finding anything civil about our WH. We have white supremacists in our WH!!!! Do something! Starting @ top!
I guess this is what it took for you to respond appropriately. Sad that it had to go this far.
#DoSomethingGOP
That's the base of your party sir. Don't be a fool. Chickens came home to roost.
Preach! Now, get rid of the core of the problem. He currently sits in our WH and is the head of your party.  Words mean zilch.  Impeach now
Well said sir.
Thank you Senator Hatch
#FireTrump #FireHannity #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller
And who paid for those tiki torches??  Follow the money.
Cannot believe I would agree with you, but you seem to be holding the line rather well as an elder statesman. @GOP enabled 45 dogwhistle
YOU voted for this. You don't get to disassociate when it bites you in the ass.
GOP is your party as clear as that "R" next to your name. You must stand up, push back, ultimately, leave it, or what happens next is on you
It's already on him and his opportunistic colleagues who've stoked racial tensions since 1968.

"The Party of Personal Responsibility"
You are correct. I hope some of them are starting to get a clue. They still think they're clean. But 45 is making things clearer day by day.
I've heard elephants clean themselves with dirt.
#HypocriteParty strikes again.
Just like feminist, sodomites, blm, black panthers, baby murderers etc
If Hatch ends up president after all the corruption is exposed, at least we know he can make a decent statement on a national issue.
Oh please. Your complicity over the years helped create this mess. Own it. You still cower before Trump & his psychos. This is on you.
Tell your colleagues in the House to bring forth Articles of Impeachment #ImpeachTrump
Careful, that's your Dear Leader's base you're talking about.
Where were you when this mob was building strength during your tea party hate marches?
Actually, the Tea Party spent a fortune trying to unseat him. He's a veteran of the collegial Senate.
He's still a garbage fire. Ask him about tax cuts and health insurance, climate change, alternative energy. He's with that crowd 100%.
Those are all true but the old Romans have a shred of dignity deep in their political souls. The Republic needs him right now.
He makes his living failing the Republic every day.
The real Nazis are safely ensconsed in DC. Probably feet up on a desk, ordering take away, fucking a intern.
The #GOP owns this. You invited this scourge into your house. Until you throw it out, it's on your party. You reap what you sow.
And trump is a white supremacist. Call him by his name.
And yet you continue to stand with Trump.
TV coverage showed both sides going at it using violence.  What is the difficulty in condemning violence on both sides? Horrible sight!
Factually the land does not belong to none of U as your ancestors stole the land from the indigenous people at the end of the barrel of gun
Hatch you've been in the sun or tanning bed too long!
Hello Orn #TrimpDoesntCare
The result of southern inbreeding.
Nazis, Russia, Fox & The GOP: Some Assembly Required. #RealNews (Threads within Threads)
https://twitter.com/ahamiltonspirit/status/896804367319302144 …
Are racist Black Supremacists OK in "civil society" to you! U never condemned them calling for dead cops>Then they murdered  many! Real Evil

These #WhiteSupremacists are the @realDonaldTrump Base!!

@GOP plan to Unite the Right? #ImpeachTrumpNow

#SaturdayMorning

#GOP owns this
How this idiot got even ONE female vote still baffles me.
100% Agree I just don't get it
A lot of hatred hides behind "protests" "free speech" and "activism"
So, great words. What are you going to DO about them and their leader in the White House?

#FascistTrump #Charlottesville #Impeach45
Are those tiki torches made in America?
All Americans are immigrants. So I thought.
Senator, you and I agree on virtually nothing, but we agree wholeheartedly on this. Thank-you. Hope you can translate this into action.
Had enough?
The cup runneth over. Way over. Onto the counter and flooding the basement.
Jesus said he loved Righteousness & hated sin, what do YOU hate? Hate not color of skin, but thy brother hated the Nazis' sin
This is a true Trump rally!
When enough will be enough. All of you should grab your cojones and stop this mentally unfit coward. Dem or Rep. This is an embarrassment
Thank you, Senator Hatch.
I stand with you on this, Sen., while reminding you that your dear 45 let these animals out of their cages. I hope you've had enough of him.
You are your team have said the right things since Charlottesville. Now time to do something to challenge Trump and his people. Take action.
So when are you going to start the impeachment proceedings?
How many of these torch bearers believe the same god you do? Support the same politicians? Hate the same groups you hate? Fear what you do?
I am a Christian, conservative and minority (Filipino-American) and I want you to know that superiority of a few ≠ conservatism.
Then stop supporting and enabling them! You just did the same thing moderate Muslims do for extremist Muslims. Your belief system fails you.
Please do something to get him out of office.
Do something about it
It's not like members of Congress would ever attend the funeral of a former KKK member. And praise his life. But that is what you did...
I was raised by them. Almost every rural church I've been to spouted their ideas thinly veiled under the name of Jesus. You're too late.
Senator Cuck with his Virtue Signalling , " And why no outcry from you about hateful ideology of ISLAM after European Muslim Truck Attacks?
Their ideas are fueled by the hate that you support and work to spread in America. You have long supported this type of racism and evil.
Hate to break it to ya,,,, they are republicans and your voting base... your party courted and empowered them.
White supremacist should be called hateful white POS, they have no supremacy in life.
Stand u p and lead... trump is a racist ... get him out!11
What are you going to do about it?
Thank you, Senator Hatch!
What are you doing to get this man out of office?
I agree , and neither do THESE RACISTS have a place in America
Which one of your aides came up with that quote? You've been in office long enough retire Utah doesn't want you
Who was it, just yesterday, that threw more fire and fury on their citronella? Hint: #WhiteSupremacistInChief @realDonaldTrump
Rally people being beaten & killed, felt American freedom under fire  by political correctness. The world is watching as watching 1989
When the POTUS doesn't denounce this, bombing a Mosque, etc, is it time for 25th Amendment? The @gop is not doing its job!
Then you need to get in there and fight the good fight, Impeach Trump...do the right thing.
Those are your people. You need to reign them in along with their fascist #DearLeader @realDonaldTrump
