Yeah, right! Hatch, the same senator who pushed for Clarence Thomas to the court. We know how that turned out!
coming from a rep after the last 8 years and your actions that means nothing to a lot of people.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell made a new rule last year when he blockaded President Obama's Supreme Court
nominee. No new confirmations during a presidential campaign. Now that Donald Trump is back on the campaign trail
Gorsuch should be blocked too
Garland was good too, but you all refused to do your jobs.
no they choose party over country! But bet their piggybacks are full
Senator, you are being a hypocrite. Vote on Merrick Garland first.
some peoples kids
A meaningless statement coming from you who stalled an excellent nominee for purely political purposes. Shame!
@SenateMajLdr Too bad you can't vote on him since trump is campaigning for president. That's Minnie Mitch's rule
Actually, that's me. #ConfirmGarland
you've been in the Senate 36 years too long!
Aye Aye to that!!
if #WeNeedNine why wouldn't you support a single hearing or interview with Merrick Garland.  #Hippocrit
What do you think about Obama's nominee?
To bad he will wait!
you've been there too long.  #TermLimits
how to the sitting scotus justices feel about that?
.@SenateGOP @SenOrrinHatch Stolen Seat! Will always be known as the "stolen seat judge" after what @SenMajLeader & gang did!!
midterms are coming, midterms are coming!
Yes but it will be near impossible with crooked gop gerrymandering of districts so every Dem must vote
#EightIsEnough Merrick is the only choice #StolenSCOTUS
hahaha why are you trying so hard to sell him? That's more than a little suspicious
I expect the #democrats to poop all over him and his cats too. They are disgusting.
Betsy DeVos - Education Secretary. I'm a teacher, 24 years. Inconceivable.
Tillerson-Exxon Mobile Russia division. Russia/US oil venture tax haven in Bahammas. Chummy w/ hacker. Tax evader.
You are the reason we need term limits.
So then why doesn't the Senate have the courage to confirm him? I know, the dems are blocking. Vote around them
This come from one man with two faces and a fork tongue
No!
filibuster choose from obamas pick then we won't filibuster
is so out of touch with the time me the people. The revolution is here and the paradigm is changing.
Russia hacked our election-bedrock of US democracy. Comey sat on Russia info but shared Clinton email. CHEATERS.
You're tweets are tone deaf. You have bigger fish to fry such as a loose cannon POTUS and angry constituents.
40 years is is 28 too many!
you had a good nominee and you blocked him. Hope the same happens
AMEN AMEN
Gorsuch is a Corporate schill-just like you people, so of course you like him!! Ruled for Corp.over indiv. a lot!
and what did you think of Garland? Just curious?
Don't lie tothe party. You promised to get the job done with POTUS if you don't you won't get reelected 2018!
didn't need nine a year ago.  #fiveisfine
Let's get going!! Support president and get things done fast. 2018 elections are coming soon  We must keep pres,Sen,congress
not his pick!! Republicans stole this seat, this is BS!!
Do it Now! Gorsuch on court now!!
Your expiration date is about 25 years ago.
sigh... #notmyrepublicanparty #lostyourway
Garland was 1 of the best nominees you've seen in your lifetime. Can't trust your judgement - u supported Thomas.
What about his fascist club in college? That must be addressed fully during his hearings.  Don't limit questioning
Needs to clean up @GOP Globalist money corruption!
2 words. Merrick Garland. #stolenseat
Hell yes!!
You need to be voted out of office if you believe that crap.
He's one of worst and most bigoted EVER.  Tire of GOP Lies!!
GARLAND! Hypocrites!
That's great guys, when are the investigation into GOP POTUS ties to foreign powers?
y'all obstructed for almost a year and now all of the sudden we need nine?
If you overlook the part where he said he once helped the   poor but didn't cause that would make him deplorable
easy there Orrin. We all remember when you gushed about #MerrickGarland and you failed to #DoYourJob last year.
What a laugh, coming from the biggest crook in the @SenateGOP Gorsuch is pushing a Psycho Christian Agenda, NO WAY
well why won't Dems say yes?
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems Initiate an Investigation of DJT & Admin's Russian connection - ASAP
@SenateDems too bad the seat belongs to Merrick Garland. #hypocrisy
Lovely. He can get in line behind Merrick Garland
He would say nice things about Mickey Mouse if he were the Republican nominee. Probably a better choice as well.
So was Merrick but you and your colleagues are racist and wouldn't even meet PRESIDENT OBAMA NOM FOR SCOTUS.  
Merrick Garland was pretty good too.  Maybe better.   #stolenseat
Merrick Garland #YouHadNine #GOPobstruction @SenateGOP obstructed @POTUS44
Wait Hatch is still alive? Thought he died in '86?
well that settles it senator. Say no more. We'll just take crooked GOP at ur word. Good gravy.

Maybe, but Trump should not get an appointment in the final year of his presidency.
..then go to confirmation.
Where was #WeNeedNine when Merrick Garland was nominated?
You once said Merrick Garland would make a fine justice & lamented that Obama hadn't nominated him. Then he did.
Then get on with the nomination NOW
