y'all are guilty of the division and you continually improve your position. Faux incites violence often.
Well it wasn't President Trump that brought it there. You can blame the former President, Harry Reid, Nancy Pelosi Schumer, and the rest
Rough talk is better than death from pulling benefits from the poor. Priorities Senator.
Did this guy just wake up from a coma? Shut down Team Obama and alot of the division will stop.
Dumb people watch this channel.
Un-woke people is the politically correct term.
You would think the President would ATTEMPT to UNITE Americans.  He is the division.
Not like it is now, sadly.
Nope, white supremacists started it and like to perpetuate it.  Let's break the cycle.
Nicholas, I say this as a gentle form of intervention.  Stop drinking the Fox News Kool-Aid.
No shit.
The GOP  is only loyal to special interest groups that keep their checkbook bulked. These men have been unmasked, ppl need rid them.
Until the WHITE MALE @GOP stand up to Trump & stall his agenda thus guaranteeing his 1 term presidency, then this is all a waste of time.
TALK TO LIBERALS, Mr. Hatch!! We've HAD IT with all the HATE from THEM!!!
There's only one remedy, and it starts with the media! The #BiasedNewspapers #FakeNewsOriginators #MajorTVNetworks & #PseudoJournalism
Get something accomplished first dude! You have a majority - don't screw it up! Then you can worry about making friends and all other BS.
What did @OrrinHatch do when his GOP fellows spent 8+ years calling for violence in response to Obama? Nothing. Hypocrite.
If @OrrinHatch really believed there was "too much rough talk", he would have disowned the whole of the violent GOP years ago.
I don't know if any of u have noticed....but only republicans say this. Dems don't. They call our POTUS names we wouldn't call a dog.
"I grab 'em by the pussy." Yeah,I can agree with Hatch.
Time to retire Orrin #TermLimits are a necessity
the NRA is calling for violence, as it has for decades. And the GOP supports this, as it has for decades. You helped create this disaster.
Mr. Hatch. Who's responsibility is it to fix the division problem? You all do, on both sides. But you have power & more responsibility
All created by Hillary and the Left.
NO KIDDING.
WHAT ELSE IS NEW...
Yea.. 2! Much.. SEGREGATING.. haa.. 
Cowards
not talking about trumps disgusting statements today I see.
Polite , but not 1 word about the lies, fake news, and trash talking by the MSM - that makes the problem worse
Martha the reason Mika thinks DTs hands are tiny is because her vjj is so huge...made you smile
what happened 2 unison after Sen Scalise was shot? lasted about 2 days Dems trashed healthcare/like 2 know how 1000 people will die w/o care
#TermLimitsNow!
LOCK HER UP AND LET JUSTICE PREVAIL!!!!!!
And how sad, men, elected men, can't stand up for themselves. What's the "if leadership would let them go"? I had more guts in 1st grade!
Division!? Really? Lol
Hatch you should have retired 20 years ago . your just another oil money grabing GOP person. So if you know whats good for you. Get out.
dats bcuz we cnt contemplate o agree on smtg beneficial & ts nt about US only, ts worldwide.division is natural
I hope he still believes that in 6 months when he's President
Plse put a name tag on him so he knows who he is.
People have gotten out of hand with the rhetoric. When did we all become so hateful?
Then tell YOUR man to tone it down. He isn't doing anything for our country
Agreed, Senator;liberals have been left to run roughshod over America's conservative values & lifestyles for far too long. It needs to stop.
Each other. He became wealthy with the help of others. Not any longer.  Today they go along to get along. They want their money#to bad Orin
Tell it to Pelosi, Warren, Waters, McCain, Schumer and the MSM!
Liberals wouldn't have it any other way but instead of rough talk they would rather shoot people riot and burn things the new nazi party
ummmm yeah Orin stand up to the embarrassment Republican prez
thanks Trump
Another great example of no longer On the Hill, but Over the Hill! At 83 and left living in his home state years ago! Drain the Swamp!
REAL Americans were unhappy with the dysfunction in Washington and now Trump and the Republicans have become terrorists similar to ISIS.
This is proof 'the game has passed him by'. He lived when they stole for one an other. No they steal individually. They will not protect....
This man is #TheSwamp. His "dead behind the eyes" look says it's time for him to go. BTW, Ted's only punishment was never becoming President
His admiration and love for "The Butcher of Chappaquiddick" says all you ever need to know about @OrrinHatch's judgement and character.
No sh*t, Sherlock. The people in politics now are not beholden to the voters, they're bought/paid-for hookers. But times are changing.
I agree.
There massive division look what democrats want open borders Gun control solicism judges political. Correctness.
The Dems are all buds now because they have a common cause of hate & violence towards our Prez. The party of love & equality is a joke
Which GOP caused in their own party..Obama did it to the country.
Fox news promotes it by not speaking against and defending Trump at any cost
I could not agree more. @FoxNews, all newscasters, and #congress need to speak up against uncivil behavior.
f0x, division central. hate bating for ratings. pathetic
People keep saying, where does the Pres draw the line. I say wherever he wants to.
DO NOT listen to hatch or other rino's, GOP, this kind of thinking is how we were stuck with billy clintoon and buttock obozo.  fight back!
this is the stupidest tweet today..and you were against trump.. congrats sparky
You can thank Schumer and Pelosi for all of that!
didn't realize he was awake enough to hear any of it. His aide must have whispered in his ear.
Yes all of you do
Fox..Stop feeding into the frenzy...only dems and left care about that mouthy rude mika
You guys in the media need to stop being so ignorant. The tweet was designed to distract everyone from the travel ban about to take place.
Why would he have to distract any body. He's the boss the president. What u have is the swamp he's been talking about. It's all about money
TERM LIMITS!!!!!
Hatch is living in another universe as he is unwilling to acknowledge many in Washington believe in an "evolving Constitution' - socialists!
Thank the media for that.
It's time to ask @GOP Congress the question so many abused women get asked, "Why are you staying in a relationship with an abuser?" #impeach
The do-nothing-republican congress
