HATCH LIKE MCCONNELL & THOSE OTHER GOP FROM OBAMA YRS TOOK THE HATE RATHER THAN LOVE ROUTE, & WASTED 8YRS BOILING IN HATE ANGER VENGEANCE!
SADLY USA HAS PAID4GOP'S PENT UP HATE ANGER VENGEANCE TURNED N2 POWER@ANYCOST! CONTRIBUTING2DJTS WIN&ENABLIN SUPPORTIN ABETTIN HIS BEHAVIOR!
MCCONNELL & OTHER SIMILARLY SICK GOP, TOLERATE TRUMP & HENCH PEOPLE EVEN THOU THEY KNOW ELECTION BAD & HES COMPLETELY DAMAGING USA/WORLD!!
WHY, BCUZ ANYGOP IN OFFICE BETTER THAN A DEM! THEY HAVE COMPLETELY BROKE THEIR OATH! THEY WANT POWER 4GOP AT ANY COST! VENGEANCE4ACA SO BAD!
WHAT KIND OF ANIMAL WOULD EVER EVEN PROPOSE SUCH AVICIOUS HORRIBLE DEATH PLAN! THEY WANT NOTHING OBAMA LEFT THEY HATE SO MUCH, & SO WESUFFER
Except SENATOR HELLER, only GOP W/BRAVE BOOTS ON! A MODEL FOR ALL CONGRESSMEN! NOT APUPPET OR BUYABLE! LISTENS &REALLY READS!
HE SAYS NO WAY
SADLY, UNTIL THE LIKES IF YOU DIE OR ANOTHER GOD SEND GETS U OUT OF OFFICE, CIVILITY UNITY HUMANISTIC "AMERICAN WAY" CHRISTIAN WAY IS DEAD!
He should start at the WH
You want civility when the Greed Over People party is not civil to the American people daily? Trumpcare is about as uncivil as it gets.
@senorrinhatch  You re-commit to civility yet you just refused today to work across the isle-Healthcare for the good of Americans.
Dear Utah, the only Republican I will vote for is Mike Lee. He cares about us. realize that how I vote in the booth is my business my values
Donald is the instigator. Most of America is totally humiliated by his "trailer trash" behavior. It's reflecting badly on Republicans
@senorrinhatch  I guess "for the good of the American people" isn't part of your thought process. It's for the good of corporate $$
Are u kidding me?  Your old ass cleared the path!!!!
Mr my way is the only way
Since he is incapacitated by apparent dementia which of his handlers have committed to this?
until we get there, I recommend Kevlar t shirts
No we can't but it starts with you lawmakers. The American ppl are angry with the actions of both parties, lies/hypocricy and Pres
Then impeach Donald Trump..
So you now have decided you do have a heart? Civility a commitment?
Self-destruction because of trump
Because all of you are judging  with money that is why 911 happen. Make the rest stupid
Civility starts w/the current occupant of the WH. Bully in chief @realDonaldTrump
I actively dislike this emaciated mummified human possessed an actively malevolent alien intelligence. How was that for civility?
That's rich. Have you apologised to your Native Am constituents YOU said wouldn't understand what is in their best interests re #BENM?
Where was the civility when Obama was President. Where was common sense after Sandy Hook?
Someone told him to say that he is so old and needs to retire
Where was this zeal for civility during the last 6 yrs of the Obama Administration?
Obama was on a "trash mouth" end of story.
@OrrinHatch It's been 116 days since Trump accused Obama of a felony & hasn't provided proof or apologized. Start with him. #TrumpLies
I salute you for doing what is right for America.
Let's see how he actually behaves. Hasn't been so good lately.
Talk to your friends at Fox, Alex Jones and Rush Limbaugh about it.
You had to learn this at your age?
He's right. I live in CA: "we can only succeed if we secede"
Waiting for Antifa to go first....
Try committing to not lying. That might go a long way to encouraging civility.
I know, We need a new Presidnet.
I would welcome civility. They should try. All of this is bad for the country. Citizens are ones being hurt. This dem would shake his hand.
I love how these hypocrites make a flaming mess out of everything then play elder  statesmen that preach civility. KMA Orrin & friends
...screw up ...hypocrite
Did you discuss this's with democrats sitting on front steps doing nothing democrats can't read now they can't even make it to work
Your right so why don't you republicans do something about the bully you keep in the wh?
“@thehill: Hatch "re-commits" to civility: Our nation cannot continue on its current path http://hill.cm/6qCIhMY  ”
Spoken like someone who might be our next president prior to Nov 2018 but after Trump's resignation or impeachment.
The jury is out on that one, Orrin.
“Very little grows on jagged rock. Be ground. Be crumbled, so wildflowers will come up where you are.” ― Jalaluddin Rumi
Easier said than done when you have idiots running the country.
maybe you should speak to @POTUS and @SenateMajLdr for their re-committ
Seriously?  Hatch needs to replay the disrespect for past 8 years towards Obama & family..then bows to cruel sociopath in office now..please
Preview of soon to become president perhaps? #Hatch2017 ???? after the morons and criminals are sent to jail of course.
Civility will be restored when Trump is no longer the "so called President" and Fox News stops lying and promoting conspiracy theories.
You think!
Did he add the GOP mantra: eff POC, the poor, women, and the middle-class?
This is like having your rapist say "let's stop all this disharmony between us"
How about commitment to the American people and the Constitution.
I'll b civil when Republicans & their wealthy owners stop trying 2 kill us& stop raping our civil liberties,education,economy,environment...
Is he dieing and afraid to meet his maker because of all he has done to hurt people and thinks this will make it all better not even close
Don Quixote
.@senorrinhatch We need to be civil and learn to compromise again, that is the ONLY way we all benefit. This winner take all doesn't work
after 8 years of being nasty to Obama and now 6 months of complaining about the democrats and doing everything to hurt the citizens WOW
Save your breath for the Chief Cheeto
Agree. Ball's in politicians' hands. Maybe redefine national security?
And yet he's all for a tax cut for the rich plan...I mean healthcare plan that will destroy the ACA & Medicaid & leave 22 million uninsured.
Its because I pay $270.00 monthly for 1 prescription med while you receive $500k from pharma lobby in this election cycle 2 do their bidding
attn: @realDonaldTrump
That man can't even hear. How does he know that anyone wasn't civil
I would be happier with a commitment to facts.
Mr. Hatch while I agree with you, as an Independent voter, most of the nasty talk started with the GOP when Obama won. I hope this changes
@senorrinhatch Now tells us about civility as the GOP takes away Healthcare from our children, family..lets sit down and talk..Hypocrisy
So says one of the actors
Neither side stood up for themselves. Neither side sit together either. Both sides are responsible And both sides need to own it.
@senorrinhatch
Why does he, McConnell, McCain, and GOP look ever more feeble and addle headed? past their prime? holding onto power with a death grip?
Not-so-subtle jockeying for position between Hatch and Pence here as Trump appvl rating nears the 30% dump threshold?
I'll believe it when I see it. The @GOP has courted this heinous nonsense for years.
Yesterday his aid had to tell him what to say in a hearing. Retire with dignity before Trump flushes you down the drain.
Seems Hatch completely forgot about his friendship with Kennedy.  Wonder what Kennedy would say about Hatc's bad behavior and rhetoric.
Too little, too late. Where was his re-commitment to civility during the campaign, when Trump was mocking the disabled, and lying about HRC?
Absolutely Senator. But it's getting beyond a question of civility, too. American norms, a sense of honesty also being lost. Danger America.
America is anything but civil
Republicans can commit to civility all they want. It's the Democrats and the socialists advocating and demonstrating violence.
No shit Sherlock. Kick the dip shit that is governing from twitter out, start writing policy for real people (all of us) and have a heart.
Sanity would help too!
Was that addressed to 1) @POTUS 2) @SarahPalinUSA 3) @TedNugent? If no, he can Hatch off.
When's shumer going to commit?? Or be committed
Apparently his bishop gave him a,dressing down
One word #Retirement! Ok another #Hypocrite
It starts at the top @OrrinHatch.
How about you stand up to that parasite guy who keeps trashing his predecessor?
Oh that's touching. So, no more "death panels"?
I appreciate this.  Him and his party and conservative media have radicalized and severely misinformed the @gop voter in USA.  @gop to blame
When U have a President that incites his followers 2 deny the press & to call them out the end result could be what happened to baseball F.
Words are a good start..... Country before party. Government shouldn't try to kill its citizens through taking away healthcare just saying.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but Hatch voted for this guy, right?
so congressional baseball game did it but not black lives matter
This guy needs to retire. 4 decades in DC will melt anyone's brains.
I disagree with Orrin Hatch more than just about any Senator except Ted Cruz, but love the guy because he is real and likes people.
"If you fight back while I do bad things to you and your family, you're being un-American."
well impeach the MF!
We need an 'Escape' Hatch from this presi-duncey. @TrueFactsStated @LouiseMensch
Bwhaaaaa! LOL!

Republicans broke it. McConnell specifically. Dems let it happen by not standing up to these bullies.
Hatch first..  let's have him be civil to all once he becomes president!!
he needs to commit to stop picking his nose at Senate hearings.
He looks dead to be honest

@AliVelshi WHY not young ppl  get minimum health ins & require they keep it for 3 or 5 years b4 they can upgrade w/o penalty when sick. 1/
So many really old politicians.
U guys have brewed political and social dysfunctions DAILY for 8 yrs SOLID!
Useless'f's
Second that RETIRE.
Put up or shut up Mr hatch...fix Obamacare
I agree - RETIRE!
This should be titled "duhhhh!"
Up yours senator hatch
Freedom of speech is a constitutional guarantee. Freedom to make the kind of comment you just made doesn't make me respect you, Jack.
