If God blesses these families it will be by getting the Senate to pass gun control laws.  That should be everyone's prayer!
Shut up and ban assault weapons!
And you voted against the assault weapons ban.  The LV blood is on your hands.
- Can we all talk about guns now?!! Not the Texas Church but Las Vegas or if that is too soon can we talk about Sandy Hook?
How are blessings helpful after loss of kith and kin. We need freedom from being shot for no good reason. Gun safety regs now
BULLSHIT! MUDERER!
With less guns, less violence.  Easy enough senator? Who bought u, the NRA or do u work for us, americans.
God Bless any Senator who has the common decency to vote for a ban on assault weapons
WE NEED GUN REGULATIONS!
Senator it's time to DO something constructive for a change.  It's time to pass an assault weapons ban.
Blessings aren't helping.  A vote against assault weapons would.
Instead of your so-called blessings, why don't you do something about banning assault wespons? No one should own them!!!
OUTLAW ASSAULT WEAPONS!!!!!
Then do something about it!!!!
Don't ask God to do your job!  Only congress can prevent a copy cat!
DO SOMETHING
SO SIMPLY VOTE 4 A BAN ON ASSAULT RIFLES or remain Just Another Republican HYPOCRITE!
There should be a ban on ALL assault rifles. NO American needs a silencer for their personal guns
Your lack of support of common sense gun control is also shocking and senseless!  Instead of praying, how about doing something?
Shocking and senseless is your responsibility for these killings by taking NRA money and voting against assault weapon ban.  Its on you.  Don't look to God.
Your just an old arse paper weight doing lock step with the rest of your bought GOP thugs, get a xmas card yet from the Kock Bros?
implement common sense gun laws and enforce them? Too hard?
don't waste your time unless you're going to follow that up with some meaningful action such as an assault weapons ban!!!
You caused this carnage, there is blood on your hands.  Preventable when you start legislating for Americans--not your wallet
It's wonderful you are tweeting you're thoughts but what we need ida BAN ON ASSULT WEPONS AND MORE INTENSE BACKGROUND CHECKS!! mldl
DO SOMETHING!
This is largely on your head for not banning assault weapons.
Senator Hatch, why did you vote against 2013 Assault Weapons Ban? You now have blood on your hands.
God! Had nothing to do with this! 
Why don't you tell the NRA THEY DON'T OWN YOU
Now Do Something! Vote to #BanAssaultWeapons to save lives!
Your thoughts 'n prayers aren't enough. Do your job. My late veteran father fought for an #America that deserves better!
and preventable if @GOP does the right thing and puts an end to civilians with military-grade weapons! #GunControlNow
Put your voting where your tweeting is!!! Pass strong nation-wide gun control laws!!
Shocking & senseless that you're one of reasons killer had access 2gunsby vote against assault weapons ban!
YOU VOTED AGAINST THE ASSAULT WEAPON BAN so YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS TRAGEDY!! Pray for YOUR forgiveness!!
Do Something, useless talk from you!
You have the power to ban auto & semi-automatic weapons!  No more platitudes!  We need actkon!
Time to do something, make your vote count.
So get off your high horse ass to pass legislation: no more assault weapons, no silencers, no conversions to automatic weapon
We don't need thoughts and prayers, we need a ban on assault weapons! NOW!!
Your blessing is not enough. FBI should keep track of gun background ckecks for 10 years.
This is ridiculous. We are the only wealthy nation who has this many mass murders by gun. GET TO WORK TO STOP IT!
Thanks. We need a law change.
We MUST do something about assault weapons! All the blessings will not bring any of them back!
God will bless you to vote against the NRA.
Your prayers mean Jack if you're not passing legislation to keep us safer; pass the assault weapons ban.  Then we can pray!!
We should be praying for the next massacre unless something is done about all the weapons floating around.

Your hypocritical prayers are meaningless. Vote FOR an assault weapons ban.
We need stricter gun regulation NOW!!!
Don't need blessings, need these types of weapons banned. Do your job.
REALLY? THEN DO SOMETHING, VOTE FOR GUN CONTROL.
#GunControlNOW
your sorry alright,b but that’s not good enough.
So vote for gun safety!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wake up and ban assault rifles, silencers and add gun registration.  Then you'll be doing something.
#BanAssaultWeapons #BanBumpStocks #BanHighCapacityMagazines
GUN REFORM NOW!!
You were shocked? What planet are you living on? This is what happens when pols kowtow to NRA.
Why aren't you offering your family to be human shields. GOP caused the massacre
@boycottlasvegas #boycottnevada #novotes2gop
You could have done something pro-active about this instead of reactive tweets that don't bring back the dead.
#ImpeachTrumpNow  #actlikeyouworkhere #GunContolNow
If you feel this way BAN weapons of WAR on the streets of America, otherwise your words are as hollow as your actions.
REPEAL CON REPUBLICONS
Please save the theatrics and vote for #guncontrolnow #LasVegas
Why don't you stop your praying and start acting on sensible gun control. It'll benefit us more.
Prayers are worthless. How many have to die? #NRAKills #CommonSenseGunLaws #BanAssaultRifles #notosilencers #BloodOnYourHands
ANOTHER horrifying news episode!! How did you vote in 2013? You are an NRAnian! Cowardly not to stand up.
God bless those who take care of the people they were elected to serve. You did the opposite by voting agst the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban.
.@senorrinhatch Perhaps they should stuff your thoughts and prayers where we can't see them and instead support common sense gun reform
It is your responsibility to make all assault weapons illegal. It is the right thing to do. God won't do it, but you can.
God could be doing something else if you had voted for gun reform. This is on you!
Your vote against banning assault weapons makes you partially responsible for the deaths in Las Vegas. Take responsibility; own your sins.
You Repubs are COWARDS! NRA has you by the short hairs, you have no guts! For ONCE, put Americans before your reelection $$$!
Enabler!
You voted against the assault weapon ban.  Don't bother with condolences. You're useless.  It's too late...
Shocking and senseless - yes.  Now, what are you going to do about it?
ban assault weapons
you have no soul, you voted against the reasonable gun bills
No more "thoughts and prayers." We must pass an assault weapons ban.
Assualt Weapons Ban would be a good step toward eliminating "shocking and senseless" massacre's in America. You, Voted "No".
stop gun violence NOW!
Why don't  you do something in Congress to change gun laws, if you Cate so much.
.@SenOrrinHatch Thoughts & Prayers only matter if you act. You're a Senator, do something about it! #GunControlNow #gunsense #guncontrol
Then do something about it.  You're just another deplorable in the #NRA'sPocket
I'm sad our Senators care more about people owning guns, then the people they kill.
It's "horrifying" you voted fagainst the assault weapons ban.
maybe you should pray for forgiveness for voting against an assault weapons ban.
you bow to the NRA & voted for assault rifles. Playing politics instead of protecting us!  Wake up! Make tough gun laws!
GUN CONTROL NOW!!!!!!
Hollow remarks. Talk is cheap. BAN ASSUALT WEAPONS!
God bless them? They wouldn't need that if you realized it's unchristian to be controlled by the NRA. F*cking hypocrite!
Y must vote aganst assault weapons. Only armed forces and police shld have these. No othr country in the West has these

Republican Senators who voted against assault weapons ban are tweeting their thoughts and prayers https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/2/1703312/-Republican-Senators-who-voted-against-assault-weapons-ban-are-tweeting-their-thoughts-and-prayers …
Do something
93 people A DAY die from guns in this Country.  Fuck your prayers asshole.
Hypocrite!
Well thanks so much for voting against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban. I'm sure the victims appreciate it.
Thoughts and prayers?  How about meaningful gun control legislation?  You are complicit in these deaths. Ban Assault Weapons! NOW!
The victims from last night didn't get to wake up today. Think on that next time you decide to shut down limits on gun control.
Takes a lot of gall, politicians sells their souls to the NRA, believes their prayers and blessings means spit to victims of gun violence
He's not reading these tweets. But his staff is. You should really tell your boss how unbelievably hypocritical and tone deaf he is.
Really? I don't think that these families were blessed by God.  I think they were cursed by your voters.
What was your vote on banning assault style weapons?
Tell us again how private assault weapon ownership makes us safer
DO something now. We are angry at the hold the NRA has on congress.
Too little too late since you voted against the assault weapon ban!
Why are you shocked & surprised when you do nothing about it? Health care, mental health care, gun control. Other countries have done it.
Do something. People > money & guns
Is that supposed to make it easier for you to sleep at night, knowing you could have done something and didn't? We see you for what you are.
How did you vote on the assault weapons ban?
How dare you!  You voted AGAINST the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban.  You are complicit in these deaths and injuries.
SCREW YOU!  Your thoughts and prayers are phony and bullshit!  BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS and institute gun safety laws!
How about doing something actually helpful like passing sane gun laws?  Congressional cowardice.
but you voted against the assault weapons ban of 2013. You should be horrified. That you and your fellow congressmen did this
why did you vote against a ban on assault weapons. Americans don't need these kind of weapons and ammo.  Why will u realize this?
If only we knew a GOP senator who could enact legislation for change! Oh wait...Save your prayers for yourself. You're going to need them.
shocking but not surprising given the role the NRA plays in resisting sensible gun control
"Shocking and senseless" that the GOP is blocking SENSIBLE GUN LAWS EVERY SINGLE TIME. BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS TODAY
Blood is on the hands of you and your party.
Hypocrite
Well, if you are in the NRA's pocket, you don't get to say a damn thing about ANOTHER NRA SPONSORED ATTACK
We the people are horrified by your lack of action to stop this madness. BTW: God isn't listening to you fools.
Really?? The NRA owns you..
I hope you have horrible dreams and lose sleep until you do the right thing.
Gun control needed!! Ban assault rifles!
The victims are dead because the NRA controls you.
You are responsible! We need more gun control NOT assault weapons.
Hypocrite... do something.
So, do something about it! Vote for common sense gun use provisions! #SandyHook
enough God blessing, get something done about assault weapons
Hypocrite!  You bowed down to your big money donors and caused this!  Idiot!
Your comments wrong empty after your support of the NTA and refusal to address rational gun laws
God can't help those who don't help themselves, @senorrinhatch. We must add action to back our prayers so that there are no more victims.
Thanks for allowing machine guns to kill people-I bet you didn't lose anyone, others sure did.
So, will this justify thedisarm American  proponents?
if you really want to bless them,  have a heart & a conscience,  vote for #guncontrol #lasvegas #sandyhook
do you feel responsible at all for this ?!
shocking, senseless, and ON YOUR CONSCIENCE.  Gutless, godless, hypocritical senate must vote to ban assault weapons. #coward
Shocking and senseless maybe.  But very predictable.   If only you were in a position to do something to prevent this kind of attack.
give thoughts and prays to your vote against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban
Wishing you were there instead of those innocent people
The blood is on your hands Senator. Passing assault weapon laws would have saved all these people.  You are to blame.
Yes, of course.  Please do more than provide platitudes for another mass murder event in the USA.  Background checks at gun shows to start
You voted against assault rifle ban. You and your colleagues are guilty of the ever increasing deaths of innocent people.
ban assault weapons & such large magazines, prevent this  horror again. why won't you?What is wrong with you?
You voted against an assault weapon ban - their blood is on your hands.
If only God paid you as well as the NRA does.
God bless them. May you get what you so richly deserve for making this tragedy inevitable. Bad dog.
Thank God you voted against restricting automatic weapons, so that compassion and prayers can help these families now.
lord help all of you congressman who allow the NRA to sell whatever they want to whoever they want! You have no conscience!!
Your previous stand on gun control contributed to these deaths.
You are 4th in line to be president. Act like it. Pass gun laws now. Work across the aisle, this isn't a partisan or 2nd amendment issue.
Why don't you stop giving fake sympathy and do something abt gun control!!
That does NOTHING!! #GunControlNow
we/they need gun safety laws not hollow words. Take action & support laws that keep us all safe.
did you feel the same when #SandyHook, #Pulse, and other massacres happened?
awwwwwwwwww, how sweet.  not enough tho, ur thoughts and prayers, huh?
selling automatic weapons to people is shocking and senseless. I am so sorry for you.
Prayers are dandy and all but they do jack shit to solve this country's love affair with guns. You should have voted for the 2013 gun ban.
And how did YOU vote on the assault weapon ban???  Actions speak much louder than empty words.
God would be a proponent of gun control, don't you think?
It is horrifying. It's also horrifying that you and the GOP will keep letting this happen. This is on your party! Do something now!
Stuff it Mr. Hatch. Common sense gun reform is a duty which should be law. The NRA is running the show, and paying y'all off.
"God bless" my ass. God forgive you for your no vote
You helped this happen by voting against the assault weapons ban in 2013. This is on you and the @GOP
Your thoughts and prayers are  a goddamn fake and nobody wants them.
You’re in the pocket of the NRA so take your thoughts & prayers and go fuck yourself.
Just a reminder you voted against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban that would have probably prevented this.
do you feel better now?
You lousy hypocrite!! You can put a stop to assault weapons, but you like the money from the NRA.
Instead of telling us how shocked you are, make yourself useful for once and do something about assault weapons. #LasVegas.
Stop tweeting and START ACTIONS TO STOP THESE SHOOTINGS. TELL THE NRA TO SCREW themselves & you take action!
Please ask God deliver ban on assault weapons, high capacity cartridges, tighten background checks & close gun show loopholes
That's your Mormon god who used to not recognize blacks and keeps women as chattel That's no god for these victims' families.
Republican lackeys that take money from your NRA masters are equally to blame for the Las Vegas tragedy..#NRA/death
How is it shocking? Open carry, assault weapons, mentally ill ok to buy guns.
