Democrates are losing their minds we have to show them that play time is over now things get real
About Sessions:
you can't force people to stop pushing the political race card as they malign innocent people to cover up greed - justice works !
IVE VISITED AREAS WHERE RACISM ISNT A PROBLEM in the US - ad I've seen it hearts like a curse ! To let go on both sides is best!
King Obama still lives there as he was the rock star of all time
Do you mean equal justice for all heterosexual white males? Because women, POC, Muslims, Immigrants, and the LGBTQ don't agree!
don't you dare speak for all women, POC, Muslims, immigrants, LGBTQ. As a woman, I'm happy with Trump.
I'm a legal immigrant and a minority, left speaks for Noone but their own insecurities. Very Sad! 
I agree. There's a huge  #GayssForTrump Group, as well. So far, I'm lovingTrump.
So far, I think he is evil incarnate and on his way to impeachment. So we disagree.
yep, we disagree. Not sure why you think he'll be impeached. 1)need grounds 2)Senate is Republican
BS!!
and he lied under oath there and in confirmation hearings.
li know you'll do great things for all Americans !  Today I watched a beautiful blk woman hatting on white people just because ..
#Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain with @SenatorSessions 
@VP @POTUS
To get screw the US
haha thank god I pay for my kids education! I feel bad for all the kids in public/charter schools.
the problem is you are forced to pay for someone else's kids education as well with your taxes.
.@VP @TeamTrump @POTUS
Republicans explanation is needed
Thank You VICE PRESIDENT Pence.
did jesus tell you to support a racist?
He'll be WATCHED as you ALL ARE!
ya might want to actually read the Constitution and be accountable for upholding it.
justice for rich, white men. #ResistTrump #firethefool #racism #xenophobia #Neverthelessshepersisted
Another addition to an Administration of Deplorables. Nice job. Sad.
live from jackbell's mouth, [DEPLORABLE]
Open wide.
Matthew 7:13-14
13. Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to ...

obey God and it won't be your problem
get a life @GODCOUNTRYTRUMP your God is as real as Trump's skin color. Much different than Christians
life without "CHRIST" isn't living

your "WORLDLY" pleasures are short lived
@TeamTrump @POTUS and it was our privilege to watch you, our great new VP swear him in! Thank you sir!
To all republicans why dose trump lie so much  Really no joke. WHY
POTUS DJT AND TEAM  Making the Energizer Bunny look like A SLACKER.
Wonderful, congratulations!
You just swore in a racist shit bag. He'll fit into your cabinet quite nicely, I suppose.
justice for all rich white people.
you are all great Patriots thank you
I Do Not
I lack the slightest confidence that any of you are committed to the Constitution and equal justice for all.
@georganneb @POTUS finally!
@SenatorSessions is a B I G O T!
Let's roll up our sleeves.
@TeamTrump @POTUS thank you for this appointment
I'm sure the KKK is celebrating as well
sure you remember he prosecuted Klansman Henry Francis Hays, son of Alabama Klan leader Bennie Hays
@TeamTrump @POTUS  just leave pot up to the stAtes
We rejoice that Sen Sessions is finally sworn in. We back all of you to do everything in the interest of the people of the USA
I love when RWNJs advertise themselves, so I can block them proactively!
Will Mr VP ... I don't have faith in Sessions or you to treat all as equals under the rule of law.
@Rosie MLK is rolling over in his grave.
thank you mr. President!
congratulations. Senator Jeff Sessions will do a great job.
I have faith in wisdom of Constitution. Thanks for picking a person who does too. (:
indeed, you'd have to rely on faith in Sessions' decency because reason wouldn't yield the same result.
@mikeetweets @VP @POTUS I keep getting called 'kiddo' 'darling' 'dear' why are they so #condescending? Must make them feel
yes...oh and one lady called me 'little girl' maybe it makes them feel superior? They're such angry #nastywomen 
Me too, got called hon and a Nazi doctor by the same person
I find it incredibly entertaining listening to their crap
lol...it is pretty entertaining...
Sessions needs to just lower his hand about 45 degrees  and he's the guy we've all known.
Pretty close.
Please please please send this message to Donald!!
Nice grown-up answer! LOL that's not my hair. It is a Halloween costume & wig. Does insulting me make your ego feel better?
freaking bigot..Our country did not vote for you and your rich donors to whom your giving White House jobs.
What a joke
swear in or swear at?
#FreeTheLeaf & keep your religion out of our government & schools.
I am so grateful that Sessions has been Sworn in. Time 2 get 2 work!
Pure disgust. Sessions background speaks volume and it's sad that a self proclaimed separatist is the Attorney General.
Trump was right about the acab that never heals in some cases !  He wants people to stop picking at each other - Great idea - KAG
Proud of you both and the team you are assembling!
Praying for the entire team!
God is blessing America through you both!
You are seriously impaired.  Pray for yourself, you need it.
Hey Claire you dont know me,how can you be so quick to generalize?
Blind rage?
Hate?
#MAGA
You need to update your hashtag: #MAAETTW  make America an embarrassment to the world
hilarious!
BUILD THE WALL - no delays !!!  People will come back to kill !!!  BUILD the wall !!!
.@VP when you say equal justice for all we know mean straight white christians. Lgbt+, anyone of color or different faith will be outcast.
@TeamTrump @POTUS designed this for @IvankaTrump
Your beaded hats are really cute
thank you very much love to make you one. 
I live in So Cal.  I rarely wear hats but they are cute

 @VP  @POTUS 
CONGRATS #AttorneyGeneral @jeffsessions 🖒
I SUPPORT YOU. SEN SESSIONS.
May God guide and proect you and may evil flee!
"you tell a big enough lie and tIfell it frequently enough, it will be believed" Adolf Hitler
If you ended the tweet right after "Privileged" it would have been the most factual assertion coming from your camp...like ever.
please don't buy into the left's mindlessness. We are so tired of division. Have a great day.
You & Trump are disasters and a disgrace to our nation! Your Cabinet is unqualified, inexperienced and corrupt!
You mean to defraud and strike down any constitutional right that is not enlign with your ideology.
shame you dont understand the constitution
Justice for all, except the poor, disabled, people of color, middle class, women, children, free thinkers, teachers, elderly, ...
God help us!!!! This administration is not putting the American people first or America first like they promised!
will always have your back
Thank you so much for what you do.
Love Hugs & prayers  for you & the whole team
...because he's such a champion of civil rights ..as long as you're a white male...
so called president + so called VP
@savetexas2016 @POTUS Congrats  to my fellow Alabaman @SenatorSessions  I know you're going to do a fantastic job!
you will never wish more that you didn't accept this job when you no longer have it! Epic Failure you both are. LOSERS
Equal justice for all? Is this some kind of sick joke?
pssshhh, bunch of bs
@realDonaldTrump #POTUS #WeThePeople #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking

he better because your potus doesn't
@jordandias @Porpe @citradelic @PettyDraper @jevryday84
@peace_seeker7 @vgoverton @snuf @kyrssy @gbollmann01
Sorry but I don't share your enthusiasm.
As a Christian how do you justify the bullying, lying, unethical behavior of @POTUS? Jesus teaches kindness as the way! #wwjd
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS gotta keep those black folk in their place, right?  Here's 2 voter suppression! Is lynching going 2make comeback?
where is the burning cross for the Klan gang?
help stop the divided country and bring it together and quitely  do the great work you are doing
You realize Mikey, you and Sessions and all of Trump's Cabinet of Evil will be vetted bigly. Make a mistake, please!
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS Being an Alabamaian I am so very proud of our Sen Session. God love him.  Luv
What Constitution are you talking about?The so-called President is a scumbag who doesn't have any respect to the US Constitution
finally. Let's get to work on cleaning up the illegal alien problem. Congratulations AG Sessions

Good night, left side
just make sure not to meet with spouses of people under investigation in private air planes and you will do great
Look at that picture, A racist, a sexist, and anti-LGBT. This is your Republican Party.
@JamesForshee1 @POTUS And we are honored to have him as our new AG!
well, that makes one of us.
.@VP @POTUS completing the carnet of white supremacists I see! You will fail so miserably you ll wish never been elected  #resist #impeach
..."or should i say WHITE privileged to swear in Jeff Sessions" #rimshot
one racist/religious verdict & I swear I will go to law school just to take @SenatorSessions down.Uphold the law not your beliefs
@SteveDaines I have no faith in any of you clowns. You're all just teenage girls treating @realDonaldTrump like he's Bieber.
HOORAY!!! What a relief!!
Do you realize that you have set the country back 50+ years with @SenatorSessions You will NEVER make USA great with your admin.
God bless America again. 
MY GOD   YOU WILL ALLWAYS GET TRUMP HATERS STOP BEING UN DEMOCRATIC AND GROW UP HITLER HAS KILLED  LOTS. OBAMA TO.TRUMP. NONE
9, 2017 - “Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional" - Mike Pence (Dec. 2015).
Equal justice for all demands Clinton Investigation
Justice will now fill the Land and the PEOPLE WILL REJOICE.
@DonaldJTrumpJr Thank You V.P.pence.
Jeff Sessions will do wonders to help to show that Republicans aren't racist (insert sarcasm).
not my President - not my VP, not my Cabinet - I'm part of the over 3 million who didn't want anyone of you near my rights
It was a FINE day in America! @SenatorSessions has quite a job in front of him, and we are behind him all the way!
You know nothing of justice and freedom Mr VP you take it from us!
Amen !
You should take the vail off of your eyes and look in the mirror.  Sessions is racist and I believe you are too.
especially for the sitting president hiding his finances and indebtedness to foreign governments. Some are more equal than others
the KKK took my justice away.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS it's so nice that all of the haters can say these horrible deplorable things and not be called racist any longer
TWO BIG JOKES AND LOSERS!
are violating the constitution with @realDonaldTrump despite the backlash from concerned Americans. Disgraceful #iligitimate
"I have faith in your commitment to the Constitution & equal justice for all white conservatives" FTFY
at least somebody does
Viva AG Jeff Sessions!!!!
Truth be told, your faith is already in questions. You've compromised your integrity to Trump! Nothing more than a POTUS parrot!
Great! Equal Justice for All!
vomit
Of I took the office job President after Obama. I would do a sweep of every nook and cranny for bugs.  Obama  is a backstabber
another purchased position in the Trump Shitter.
But not Black folk uh!!
yeah the word privilege is an interesting choice of words
Doesn't seem likely he'll give your lies about Flynn the attention they deserve, does it?
You and Pres DT are wonderful for the country. Breath of fresh air after the past 8. Keep the Trump Train rolling! ALL ABOARD!
welcome to AmeriKKKa. The horsemen are all assembled and you're ready to wipe out all those you consider inferior.
WE THE PEOPLE DO TOO!
Disgusting and shameful--and yet still not so much as Bannon and DeVous. 
If by Equal Justice for all you mean for Rich White people, then you have your man. If you really mean for all, fire Sessions.
Behind you on the 3 mil. voter fraud. Great way to open can of worms, jumpstart a long overdue investigation that Dems don't want
I hope you mean equal justice for all.
God Bless America  so happy
Snake pit
Commitment to the Constitution!? No one in this picture has any commitment to the Constitution. I doubt @POTUS even understands it.
What a joke!
I don't want to live in a world where we all look, act and believe in the same thing.
DEAR AG FIND THE LEAKERS
why didnt you wear your ceremonial KKK hoods? @SenatorSessions
lock her up!
we'll have to be more creative than lock her up. Prison would end up being one big sex party for HRC.
Like letting a pedophile have a go at kindergarten.  It's a metaphor....
I hope he wont be bought like Lynch was by Bill Clinton, im sure he wont ! Great choice For Attorney General
always thought #45 and you are both delusional-sessions represent ALL-in what alternative universe-HYPOCRITE
Gorsuch is a LIBERAL, now being supported by Democrats. Gorsuch probably agrees with 9th Circuit Court against Trump
@LindaLeeJones11 @POTUS and please AG Sessions, Never forget that last part "EQUAL Justice FOR ALL" Nobody is above the law
"faith"... It would be nice if you actually picked someone with a track record of equal justice for all.
ppl. in Indiana are so happy that you are no longer our Gov.  but watching you try to legit this POTUS's daily lies is painful.
I am so grateful and sad today! I pray he gets us back on Track!
Two racist peas in a pod.
بالتوفيق
it will be his first time trying the justice for all because his history on the it says different. But you already know that
smh
@SMShow Was it a pleasure to put thousands of black and brown lives in danger - it's a damn shame
I ALSO THANK All ELECTED OFFICIALS WHO hadCourage to be PUBLIC&VOCAL in SUPPORT of Our President&VP during the time of election
I'm *so* glad you do. And we *all* trust your judgement, Great and Noble Leader.
Another racist put in office. You are filling the swamp with racists and lizards!  Making AmeriKKKa WHITE AGAIN!
Why sir, do you mean Jefferson Beauregard Sessions son of the Confederacy?
why not tell the Don he should respect the constitution as well
Sir,  why do you have any faith in Sessions?  Did the tiger change his stripes?
Sure Mike. Why not read it first, something other than the second amendment, DON's favorite.
