In the wake of this weekend's violence, our nation has some soul-searching to do. https://instagram.com/p/BXytco7jTE4/  #Charlottesville #utpol 
He's not fit to be president, sir.  

Please, help stop this madness.  Surely you must see it.
Yet he is 10x more fit than anything the commie left has put forth in 50 years.. sad isn't it
Coward can't even use their main account to praise the president. 

Shows you how vile trump is
Love how you libitards scream no to fascism yet you support the ideology 
Someday you will understand difference between fascist and pride
Love how you can not defend the neo fascist trump.  

It's very telling
Having national pride isn't fascism... how you libitards act if we don't fall in line is.
Hmmm.
Show me where Trump acts like you
"Fake news"
Wow well then that settles it... such a drone.
You do know "Forward" was commonly used by socialist and communist.
Obama loved that term.
I await your motion to censure the President, @senorrinhatch.
Forget censure. Only impeachment is appropriate after today.
I agree. But my understanding is that you can't be impeached for being a racist. So we have to wait for Mueller for that.
We actually don't. For impeachment, you don't need criminal evidence the same way you need for a court of justice. Take Clinton, for ex-
He was impeached for lying to congress, but there was never any criminal charges brought against him. The same with Andrew Johnson. Johnson-
had impeachment charges written up because he refused to do his job. And I mean outright refused to do it at all. In this case, he couldn't-
have been tried in a criminal court because he didn't do anything illegal. He did, however, refuse to perform his duties as the President-
of the United States. There were a few other charges, but that's essentially what the House charged him with.
Impeach Trump. That's what you need to do, sir
It's an even better time to start calling out Gropenführer Trump by name. We know that he still has your full support.
Please help Mueller administer the coup de grace as quickly as possible.
Mueller can't go fast enough.
Hahaha.. can't wait till you see nothing come of this... already evidence showing nothing.. lolololol.
Then what? Turn him into racist? Haha
No it is not. You are complicit or a coward. Stand up to Nazi in chief now!
Tweets are not leadership. I would suggest action. History is watching and waiting.
So Sen. Hatch, what now? Are you going to condemn the President by name and his part in energizing this movement as a way to gain votes?
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
I'm so confused how "soul searching" is necessary. White fascism = bad. Ramming crowds with cars = terrorism. This is simple.
Dump Trump, Pence in, "America great again!"
Will you censure @potus for his disgraceful statements?
Our nation has some impeaching to do.
Thank you @senorrinhatch So now what does GOP leadership do to neutralize hateful comments of its de facto leader? KKK is applauding Trump.
Founders gave us a sublime puzzle. Made it hard & made it easy if Congress can simply light the torch of US ethics. https://www.lawfareblog.com/impeach-president-applying-authoritative-guide-charles-black …
Your @GOP party needs to take care of your "problem." #25ththe45th
Seems like a good time for you, who work for rich, old white men such as yourself to step down.
You have power, Senator Hatch. Please use it. Actions > words.
Sir... your words will mean about as much as Trump's do, for as long as you can't find the balls to oppose him.
Mr Hatch. We need your leadership. DJT has to go.   He is an embarrassment.
President Trump called out HATE.rinos everywhere are going DOWN in 2018/2020. YOU don't support our President, WE DON'T support you!
u are in office,  under oath to work for America, not to silently let this nazi hatred, bigotry,racist admin. exist. Shame
YOU need to do some soul-searching! You are a willing accomplice to the Nazi in chief. Stop supporting that A-hole & grow some manhood.
Seems like a better time to actually censure the president. Or do you just bluster? #actionsnottweets #GOPsupportsTrump
Actually, good senators like yourself need to do soul searching about supporting @POTUS who has aligned himself with white supremacists.
#ImpeachTrump or shut up. Nothing else matters. You've used his insanity to your advantage. You are complicit.
Are you searching your soul about what to do about @realDonaldTrump having 3 prominent white supremacists as his advisors in the WH?
Yes, it does , how about upholding the Constitution that you established idiots have butchered!
At this point it's a matter of choosing sides. Which side of history will you pick? So far you have supported the enabler 
Any time the senator wants to step up and be a leader it would be appreciated.
Lip service. Do something you coward.
Seems like a good time to convene a meeting of Senate leadership, and discuss next steps.
Blah blah blah do you honestly think that Monster will read your words and have one ounce of empathy? #wakeup #ImpeachTrumpNow
I just retweeted this because of the picture. How hard it must of been for that officer to protect those racist pigs.
Heartbreaking
. this black male cop has bigger enemies in his own police department compared to the dummies behind him #AMDG
Seems like a good time to forgo the remarks and mover towards ACTION
Why? Because our President speaks truthfully and unafraid? 
You political leeches forgot that word. 
We abhor you all. Term limits.
Wow he might have a soul after all.......maybe?
No, it's time to remove @realDonaldTrump from office. He is a fascist, a racist, a Tussian sympathizer ... not an American
Guess those remarks made no difference.  Now what are you going to do?!

No, the GOP has soul searching to do.
#25thAmendmentNow   before this incapable buffoon harms US more
Senator, UR job is 2 find mechanism 2 censure president, and U should bring the rest of the GOP in or else you are part of the problem
But what are you prepared to do about it, Mr. Hatch? The White House is littered with white supremacists...
Impeach YOUR President.
We already KNOW this. Everyone except 45 KNOWS this. Talk to him, not Twitter!
While you're at it, you might also look for your balls. Hope you find some and do the right thing. 
#Impeach45
Senator, you knew your prez was Racist, White Nationalist but u voted for him , still supporting him. What does that say about u? So shut it
Don't agonise over thinking! Vandals sacking Rome weren’t Protestors! They were just your common Liberal Barbarians!
Join a moral and just call for impeachment! Trump is a malignant cancer who threatens ALL of us. He is UNFIT and UNAMERICAN!
Trump must be impeached. There is no other way.
Impeachment or 25th amendment immediately sir.
Trump's actions, words, temperament, and morals are not fit for office. #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
Haha..if u think Dem Trump is bad--ultra conservative Pence w/be ur worst nightmare. Hello new world then, ha ha..
No Senator your boss needs to be fired! That's the only way to fix this horrible situation 
Sen Hatch, It's not sole searching you need, It's replacement of your leader before he damages America beyond repair. he's dangerous.
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Really? All you can do is retweet an earlier comment? You, Sir, have some soul-searching. The GOP has some soul searching. #GOPIsHate
Fair enough.  You might appreciate my book, then, also worth the time given recent events:
Maybe you mean, search for your soul? YOU can impeach this idiot!! What are you waiting for??
This demands action. What are you going to DO about it?!
I'm glad you spoke. Thank you. Now it is time to act.
Walk the walk. The time to talk has passed. #ImpeachOrResign
DO YOUR JOB! Protect ALL citizens of the US! IMPEACH TRUMP! SAVE US ALL! PLEASE do your job!! WE DEPEND ON YOU!
The problem with u Republicans is that u don't put your words into action & impeach Trump. You all r as culpable as he is by doing nothing
Please call for 45*'s resignation immediately and publicly.
Don't pat yourself on the back. #ImpeachTrump because if you don't anything you say doesn't mean crap.
THEN DO SOMETHING! Before someone else gets killed! It's going to happen. He gave terrorists a wink and a nod. #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH!!!
Sen Hatch you are an honorable man, it's time for you and the @GOP need to stand against this President and oust him fro@ office.
Orrin Hatch is hardly honorable.
I disagree with almost everything he stands for however compared to the gang in the WH he is honorable.
@senorrinhatch The President encouraged & emboldened domestic terrorists. Isn't THAT enough to remove him?? #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Actions speak louder than words. #GetHimOut #ImpeachTrump
Do something and stop talking!
Unfit to lead #ImpeachTrump
Sir, your party needs to do something about this.
Then please talk to House GOP  & get impeachnent started. Trump is morally indefensible. #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpsNazis
Seems like a good time to cut bait on Trump.
Say his name.  Donald Trump should apologize.
Time for impeachment Hatch! Draw the papers up and be a hero or shut up!
#ImpeachTrump Get him out of there NOW before he destroys a century of progress! We are far, far past unacceptable. He's evil
Please, stand up to this man like my father stood up to Nazis and was paralyzed in Germany. Are there no decent people left? Please, b 1.
U R AN EMBARRASSMENT TO AMERICA. STENCH FROM TRUMP WILL FOLLOW U FOR LIFE
We need a new POTUS. Get rid of him.
So do those in the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP who support policies and cast votes that reflect the views of White Supremacists/trump #Impeach45
Demand resignation or impeachment. Or your words mean nothing.
Get together with your colleagues in Congress and impeach that white supremacist before if the GOP is to ever recover.
If u have any decency, u will ACT & remove Trump from WH. He is toxic & u know it. Every day that passes and u do nothing, u are toxic too.
#ImpeachTrump 
in 1927, dt's father was arrested after a klan riot in queens. look it up. watch #maddow. documented w/pics.
No read it he was.
No. You need to start being a patriot and call for Trump to resign NOW! Anything less and you are just mouthing platitudes and are a coward!
Words. Republicans have lots of them. I know you all have been busy trying to erase the work of POTUS 44, but maybe it's time for action
How about impeaching the criminal!
Soul searching is not what we need. What we need is the president's impeachment and removal from office. Worry about your own soul.
Ty sir

Respectfully, it seems like a good time for you and your colleagues to find your collective balls and put a stop to this.
Your hollow words are meaningless. Impeachment and outlaw Nazis have meaning.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT DAMNIT
#Impeach the evil monster! He inspires the #RadicalWhiteSupremacistTerrorists STOP Him!
Please act!  Trump is killing America!
Search your soul until you find #impeachment or #25Amendment
#ImpeachTrump NOW
Seems like a good time for @GOP to denounce D
Denounce Donald Trump by NAME. No? Then get comfortable with @GOP as party of being-Nazi, white nationalists #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Actions speak louder than words. Do something
Seems like a good time to #ImpeachTrump
Seems like a good time to nut up, gangsta
Seems like a good time to find a moral compass and #ImpeachTrump 
Here, use mine
But you won't DO anything. You just do this circle jerk feigning concern and then ignoring what you helped bring about
Good time for you to call on the President to resign
Get trump out of office
Do something
#TheVillageIdiot  needs to be removed from office. Let Mueller put him in jail but he can no longer be POTUS. #25thAmendmentNow
This is the Republican Party position?
President @realDonaldTrump once again denounced hate today. The GOP stands behind his message of love and inclusiveness!
Most of us don't need to "soul search." We know right/wrong. Maybe YOU need to soul search and find the courage to impeach!
Seems like a great time to take an even stronger stand & start impeachment. History is recording.
You and your colleagues in the Senate can sanction #Trump for his horrific comments on #Charlottesviille
 say's, Put these Nazis in an active war zone. FRONT LINE. They want to fight for their country send them TODAY. I am not kidding.
They got me with "N*****s, go back to Africa" because I love my black friends who had family members enslaved and lynched. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Remember your oath you took to protect this country. Your words are meaningless, if not followed by action. #ImpeachTrump
How about you "search your soul" for whatever decency you may have left, do the right thing and #IMPEACH TRUMP!
No, it's time to impeach. Order a spine from Amazon and do the right thing for the country. #resist
Only soul-searching that needs to be done is by Nazi terrorists. And it's time for the @GOP and everyone to call it what it is. #BeAmerican!
They got me with "Jew will not replace us." I have a very small family. Why? They were murdered by Nazis. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Do something!!  You are taking the cowardly way out.  Your words mean nothing!!
You and the @GOP need to do a little bit more then just RE-UP your tweets. 
Because if you don't you need to be unemployed #ImpeachTrump
Seems like a good time to start impeachment proceedings. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Weak.
Senator: Trump just supported white supremacist terrorism, undermining our military who fight terrorism. cc: @WHNSC #ImpeachTrumpNow
all talk
Omg when is this nightmare going to END ALREADY????? Wake up GOP! Wake up America!
Our Nation is done soul-searching. It is now choosing sides. Which side are you on? White Supremacy and Racism, or the US Constitution.
Hey Hatch, no need to search for your soul, I spotted it at the Nazi rally!
You are a US Senator, sir. What are you DOING, other than Tweeting and making PR statements?
Sounds like u & the GOP have some soul searching to do, if u & the GOP actually have souls!
Please Senator: be the hero majority America needs! Trump is a national security threat, and he's a Nazi apologizer. #ImpeachTrumpNow
The US govt is built on checks and balances. Where is the check on this imbalance?
Please stop just tweeting and ACT. We are at the point where next steps will shape the soul of this country.
No. It's a good time to REMOVE THE PRESIDENT FROM OFFICE. Words are hollow. If you don't back them up you are complicit. #25ththe45th
@senorrinhatch and @GOP if you do NOT #ImpeachTrump RIGHT NOW YOU ARE COMPLICIT! YOU OWN EVERYTHING HE SAYS AND DOES FROM NOW ON.
#ImpeachTrump
TY for your comments Senator now it is time to consider w/ Congress how to remove the Pres from the office as he is unfit @VP
Senator Hatch you cannot reason with a man like Trump if you do you will become like him
Never thought I would side with Senator Hatch. But ringing true.
They need to make a civil war relics museum. We can't not ignore the past! It won't go away. No matter what people do!!!
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Speak out against the dump that is our POTUS.
NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!
Need something stronger than that, Senator!
Racism = bad. LGBT prejudice = good. 

That's your position, no?
Why does the entire nation have soul searching to do?  There are small segments of the nation where soul searching would be appropriate.
Talk is cheap. The GOP is the party of the Klan now. You elected him, you support him, you're with him.
These are fringe groups and not a national problem. It was a setup by CVille too make it a problem.
Hey staffers, there's a reason why those hate groups feel emboldened.  Your boss is not addressing that issue and he damn well needs to.
Maybe it's time to ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING???

You literally hold the power to do it. You aren't doing it. You are complicit.
DO SOMETHING
That’s very vague. What is “soul searching”. I know what’s been going on. White Supremacy has gain a foothold in the WH
Seems like a good time for you and fellow Senators to hold a press conference denouncing comments by POTUS.
Time to cut your ties+support of trump if you are really doing some soul searching, unless you agree with him.  If not, please impeach him.
Why do you post this bs:  It is time to impeach this fake Nazi and his Nazi adm.
I think you need to call for his resignation, or impeach him now.
Congress must act. This can't go on. This is no longer about policy or politics. It's the safety and future of the USA  #IMPEACH
Nicely done Senator. #leadtheway
Seems like a better time to file articles of impeachment. You won't, because you're a coward, but I though I'd mention it anyway.
Seems like a good time to call for impeachment it's more than obvious this guy is not fit to lead this country #WakeUp
But what are you going to DO? Actions speak louder than words, Senator. You know Trump is dismantling our democracy - kick him out.
Please do something! This cancer that is trump will kill us all, don't you see??? I've lost faith in all republicans
Seems like a good time for you to retire, too.
Thank you, Senator Hatch. You are my senator and while I disagree with you on many issues, I am very grateful to you for speaking out now.
As a longstanding senator, paid by US tax dollars, what are you going to do about it? Remarks about soul searching are unacceptable. @GOP
Yes, get him OUT!
so you approve of a leftist assault on a legal protest? A serving Senator should know even abhorrent speech is legal here.
Nice remarks. What are you going to do about the mentally unstable man-child who's enabling a lot of this violence, @realDonaldTrump ?
@senorrinhatch, when will you demand that @realDonaldTrump resign from office? There's no salvaging his presidency.
Everyone who voted for the KKK lover needs to do soul searching.  Trump proved today he supports white supremacist groups and the KKK.
I don't always  agree with you Sen. Hatch but thank you very much for standing up as an American!
Seems like a good time for the #25thAmendmentNow
It is time to decide. Is the GOP the party of David Duke or Ronald Regan? Leadership is needed now. Action required. America needs to know.
it should start from the top-down. You really need to have a talk with your colleagues about what's happening in the WH
Impeachment would be a fine answer for "What Now"
Actions speak louder than words. Stand up and be a leader. You've been practicing at it for 40 yrs and 224 days. Complicit until you act!
The ball is in your court, Senator. Show us what you got. @GOP #25thamendmentnow
So get off your ass and do something instead of being deeply troubled.
You need to do more than that. Do what you need to do for the sake of our country. Step up!
@Bencjacobs Sen.Hatch"soul searching"along w/all @GOP @HouseGOP you all created this monster"WHAT NOW?" #ImpeachTrump #RACIST
You are one of the few people in America that has the power to do something about it right now. Stop tweeting about it and do something.
Do something please!!!
Seems like a good time to do more than "re-up" tweets.  Remove this POTUS who is a clear and present danger to all we hold dear
