DEMS,The“Merrick Garland”SHIP HAS SAILED
 Let It Go…OR….Do You Want Some  To Go With Your WHINE
This Tantrum Wreaks Of Desperation

That's because @TheDemocrats are what's wrong with this country. Evening they touch turns to garbage. Look at the States run by democrats
look at all the cities under their control. ALL are collapsing from neglect, homicide highest ever in history & record # if poor & homeless!
#WakeUpMudmen all while those corrupt politicians steal multimillion in taxpayer $ as salary. seriously folks, before they steal your kids !
@dbongino The Dems don't want Gorsuch in there because they are SCARED of him, as well as being spoiled brats.
They didn't get Hillary, and they would obstruct God himself.
@dbongino Too funny ;)
If only we could lose you and your condescending attitude.
:/
You're welcome.
We will let it go when you acknowledge not giving Garland a hearing was wrong, very wrong.
Fake news...
No. Let the history books (if not re-written by DeVos) record that GOP stole from the American people a SCOTUS seat to complete their coup.
I'm confused.  Is she actually putting something out there that Republican's has been saying all along?  Is she actually in agreement? Wow
I know, right?
When you've lost the country - that's what is happening with you and the GOP.
Even the alleged victim of the plagiarism said it did not happen. More of that #cnntrue news you are swallowing?
i find it funny that this person already blocked me, get this, whom ever this person is...why is that?
catch these trolls in the act folks!
Oh wow that's not right
When you follow Cher and seem a wee bit senile it may be time to retire.
Hmm he doesn't follow Cher .... but someone clearly gave him a heads up to retweet her desperate plea...
You are welcome to keep Cher, Hatch.
Sen. Nice Guy swinging some heavy lumber! Good job!
Maybe Cher can go talk to Hillry & RATS Leadership !
Then again, RATS & Hillry need someone to blame other than themselves !
You can't be serious. Gutless commentary.
As good as when she walked out of Hildabeasts election night party. lol 
Cher was a great entertainer. Moving on....more impt now to wait on a lifetime SC seat until the #TrumpRussia investigation is complete.
The Republican racist now have there way to get Rich on the backs of the middle class and the poor.
Priceless 
Welcome Cher, we have a welcoming hug for u
@SociallySherri  Learn differences between a loss and gain. If u think she has solutions to answers.  You follow wrong.
She didn't desert the DEM ship, just calling into a recoup.
Wow actually from Cher, she's been doing nothing but whining since Nov 8
Sorry, but I only follow political advice from those who know the difference between wreak and reek.
But as a musical matter, they sound the same...
You got me, Babe.
She understands the next Appointment will be a Miguel Estrada or William Pryor, and there won't be a damn thing The Dems can do about it!
#hypocrite
She is certainly an important voice to be heard!!!
don't believe the toilet
Bahaha and she thinks this will make them win seats I government... silly old woman! @cher
@popcornoceros U can have her in exchange for your seat next time around. Utah already got rid of one hollow ideological legacy in a primary
...whispers "Shouldn't that be 'reeks'"?
You continue on as if nothing important happened to deter us. Because it didn't.
You've obviously have not lost much.
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
DEMS have lost all credibility.  So many insane things coming from them. It's like a really bad Quentin Tarantino movie @cher
Hahahahaha
@cher Did Article Two of Constitution sail away with McConnell? McConnell also lied about US History-see SCOTUS John Marshall
Who's Cher?

It's a new world. Nowadays the net and social media bring us into your hearing rooms and strip bare your mischaracterizations.
Shocking from one democrat to another lol Cher
Senator Hatch, u&ur cronies will be remembered as corporate shilling traitors to ur country. And u will listen 2 Cher music in obscurity.

Wow!I'm sure this was a staffer but still when you don't understand context it's time to retire because you sir have lost touch with reality
@cher - tweet of the day! And love all the libbies crying over it!! 
What's the upside to not filibustering? None. They're fine.
You follow Cher?
Could you please look into the #Trumprussia stuff? That really concerns me
You never had her, sir.
@cher This retweet seems so unsenatorial. This is not a game of celebrity endorsement. Get sixty votes. #NoGorsuch
Not to mention House, Senate, White House, most state governments...
@byrdinator @cher has always been an outlier. Don't assume she has more important thoughts than any other voter.
Damn I was blocked from Cher's account haha.
Whatevs, Cher, Benedict Ruskie Arnold still shouldn't get to make a lifetime appointment.
NO, to both of you.
Cher to Gorsuch: I've got you, babe!
From @chrisgeidner Gorsuch copied a portion of his book from a law review article
Hilarious!
@billpostmus

WTF…?


@cher 

Sorry old man. That's not an approval of Gorsuch.
Hypocrite!
Orrin All we can hope is you slither back under your rock
Eve @cher is getting tired of the whining and futile attempt of #Democrats to push #Russia narrative and misdirect actual crime of #spying.
And is Cher all you got?
Typical hypocritical Democrats
The party of Communists and Bigots

http://ln.is/www.mediaite.com/onl/5XUKf …
Shut up, Becky!
When you lost your constituent Republicans Orrin.
Plagarism is a form of fraud, And yet you want to elevate this cheater, to highest court in the nation. Gorsuch's"legal mind" is lacking!
Forget what she thinks.  She'll be dead soon.  The rest of us will have to deal with Gorsuch.
The fact that O.H. referenced Cher made my day...and since he's in Senate he knows Gypsies, Tramps and Theives

@cher Not like she is a political genius. Or the many that would turn on her either.
Waiting for Meryl Streep, Mia Farrow & Joyce Carol Oates to chime in. Maybe they already have & I missed it.
Damn. Who's next? Madonna? Ashley Judd? Dems turning on dems. Never woulda thunk it.
As does I'll move out of the US if Trump is elected.
LOVE IT @senorrinhatch 
you're on the wrong side of history here sir. This and everything trump touches is toxic.
@cher Your still a Senator? Who knew!
@senorrinhatch @OrrinHatch do you recall the 72 Obama noms to lower courts that #GOP blocked? 82 cloture votes? #GOP obstruction, hypocrisy.
Uh....her opinion matters, why?
You moldy washcloths didn't have her to begin with.
We R desperate to save the country from puppets like you.  Maybe the ship UR referring to will take U & Trump back to UR sanctuary, Moscow!
Fortunately, I can feel something inside me say I really don't think you're strong enough.
Orrin Hatch is a senile old fart who doesn't GAF if his constituents die with no health insurance
Funny guy 
She's about as relevant and newsworthy as you.
You are about to lose an election. #JennyWilson
When you must pull out Cher to defend the undefensible. I think Roseanne Barr also available for comment
Sounds like you
@CNNnewsroom @nytimes It is quite despicable old man but you work for the American people and to not listen to us you LOSE, BIGLY
Unlike Republicans, Democrats don't look to idiot celebrities as leaders.

Take her! She's all yours
It's because her ship has sailed right along with yours. #failingoldwhitemen
It seems YOU'VE lost Cher, Senator- she also says GOP wants to "rape healthcare to build walls & give $ hundreds of thous. to millionaires."
Your ship sunk years ago...SAD. #NoStolenSeatForGorsuch
I think @Cher has been hacked
I honestly could've went a lot longer not having a tweet from Cher to show up on my feed. #IDontGotYouBabe
There was a time this 55yo black black woman respected you. Of course it was pre-Anita Hill....
Hell no. Democrats have got to be tougher. They got away with disrespecting PBO for years. Their t's of Judge Garland  was last straw.
I don't need anyone to tell me what to think. Remember who you work for. 2018 will remember!
Or, when you've lost your moral compass and Am hates your policies.  @GOP = cheaters. #obstruct #Gerrymandering #8yearsnoplan #thieves
Oh shut up Orrin, you haven't been relevant since the '80s.
Don't care about Cher. When did we lose you Senator. You were happy with recommending Garland as "consensus nominee" until Obama picked him.
Cher doesn't get to vote in the Senate. You do, and you didn't. Shame on you
I knew Cher was a Bot. Knew it all along. It was obvious.
When you've lost your ethics, Senator, do it with impunity. Congratulations, you have.
I don't think you know who is relevant in 2017.  #MAGALOL #PutinAmericaFirst
Keep smirking while you run a country into the ground.  You shameful, shameful people.
Orin. Cher. Who knew?
History will not be kind to you. Allowing this disgraceful man to sit in our WH degrading our country on the world stage I am ashamed of you
What do you call a Senator who has been in DC for 40 years? 

You Call Him Home.
You shouldn't necessarily do something just 'cause you can get away with it. You've damaged our civic culture, Sen., & widened the divide.
What?
No! It wreaks if stand fir something or fall for anything! The reps stuck together to obstruct! Dems stand your ground! #merrickgarland
Of stand for something
Well you have lost America. GOP puts party over country. You should go back and study our great leaders. You are not one.
You've lost your soul, traitor
Cher's lost most of the time w/o anybody's help.
Sorry not sorry. Normalizing anything the GOP has done, including supporting someone who has anti-civil rights record 2 SCOTUS, is not 
Cher might not care that you've "torn down the institution to inherit the rubble", but many of us do you unprincipled, posturing jerk.
@senorrinhatch  Better than losing your soul.  (But you wouldn't know.)
Perhaps. But here are consequences in any relationship of any kind when injusice is done. If you want o be unjust, also be prepared.
Didn't know Orin was such a fan of hers
Not sure what your point is Orrin, but as far as Cher, I'm not a fan & I don't give a flying fuck if I "lost her"
You still have to do all you can to prevent the corrupt GOP from stealing a SC seat! 
What's really sad is that you are selling us out to Russia and Putin but you're so concerned about roe v wade, you don't care. Pathetic
Yeah, let's make Cher the pinnacle of liberal wisdom and reason. Wow. Oxymorons everywhere. Let me rethink this.
Not too worried about that loss...
You've lost a decades long has-been whose last desperate attempt at relevance introduced the scourge of Autotune? Was that your point?
You guys know that her ex was the politician. And he was a Republican, right?
Don't you have poor people to hurt?
You're not going to get re-elected Orin, so enjoy the yucks while you can.
The ship hasn't left the harbor. We all still want Merrick Garland. Cher can say what she wants, but it's not a voice of true resistance!
yep the swamp is starting to overflow - people are being overwhelmed by the stench.
...you're better off as a party,
No Gorsuch vote until Trump TREASON is resolved
not sure i want to make policy based on Cher
wow! @senorrinhatch is pretending the 234 delay of refusing to give Obama's nominee a vote was 'normal' MAY THEY ALL BURN IN HELL4 INJUSTICE
Wow, Cher's going down in flames, just like Jesse James.
Maybe we'll take that B rated celebrity bomb thrower (Cher) and elect her president, but oh wait the republican already beat us to the punch
A political solution is needed. Ginsburg should retire. Two Judge slots should be filled with both nominees' Gorsuch and Garland. G and G.
too late. If they hadn't filibustered that would have been a reasonable solution. Now? Nuking the next one too...
She spelled "reeks" wrong
She's become a republican. You know they can't correctly spell.
I guess Cher is not as stupid as I thought. If they change the rules now; the next nominee will be ultra conservative Without a fight.

Yeah, go with that as your defense.
When you are so out of touch that you think CHER represents the Democratic base
...it was a joke. Chill bro
As if Orrin tweets...
If Grassley can do it....
Very funny
I have a crying towel.  I will gladly send them
Lol.  I follow Selena Gomez.  Nothing wrong with liking someone famous.  Cher is pretty interesting - but not who I follow  :)
Lol  says 9k followers VS her 3 Million..?
Republican party will end as Whig party did. Dems representing constituents. Reps representing donors. Who is better? @GOP corrupt.
Heh. U lost Senate House WH. And 1100 other seats under the Master. Who's delusional U or voters?
You follow Cher?
