The alt-left & the alt-right are both violent, race-hate groups whose obsession with identity politics is tearing America apart.
From another. ..relevant
My grandfather-Naval Captain for Norway fought for our freedoms against Nazi Germany while my dad survived occupation in Norway. For freedom
I am disgusted by your failure to call out Anti-Fa & Black Lives Matter who were paid protesters in Charlottesville! They have been
Orrin is another run-of-the-mill, amoral politician whose actions are fueled by what is personally advantageous.
I agree! I never have liked that drama blow-hard idiot!
Right! If serious, you shld refuse to work with Trump on *any* issue until he condemns the White Supremacists. It'd take just 3 Senate R's!!

Well, Senator Hatch, you helped elect a madman and continue to enable his lunacy, you are undermining your brother's efforts in every way.
Stop dividing the nation by condemning one group show your clear support for the other
Your full support for blm and antifa is sickening

Then for God's sake finally get some balls and do something!!!  You can not in good faith still support Trump, do You?  We all want to know.
Sir, with all due respect, It seems that most of your colleagues don't give a rats ass about your brother's service.  Have a word.
Senator, I still appreciate yr support for the SLATT antiterrorism training program after the OKC bombing (Doug Bodrero & Bill Reed).
You are so right. But should I remember you that you helped elect a man like Trump?
Good point Senator Hatch. Our freedoms should have no room for fostering hate. 
Unfortunately, he did.  Where is the united disgust in the GOP? Trump= GOP.
Steve Bannon, Sebastian Gorka and Steve Miller are white nationalists and need to be fired!
Thanks @senorrinhatch for joining a call for stronger leadership from @realDonaldTrump. 61% of Americans say we deserve better. @thehill
You preach intolerance towards others, don't pretend to be shocked by the results.  You need to check your moral code and see where you err.
Obv, neither Hill-bots or @senorrinhatch read @DineshDSouza's the 'Big Lie' or saw 'Hillary's America'. Dems pushed slavery & jim crow laws.
Then why have you blindly supported Donald Trump and gone against the state you represent?
That's a great statement and the soldiers that fought the Civil War did not die to allow the Old South to Wave their defeated flag
Follow the $$ from dad to grandpa Drumpf
And this is his grandpa:
Thank you, Senator Hatch. Meanwhile, this is how the evil ones are celebrating not being called out by the president.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Sorry for your loss. But when statues, monuments, flags are removed from site it changes our history like so many others have tried to do!
No problem @realDonaldTrump  is evil.  Thanks for the invite.
GOP the President and supporter just need to look in the mirror to see what is wrong with America –“we have met the enemy the enemy is us”
I urge you and the rest of the Senate to pressure the WH to remove Bannon, Miller and Gorka. Their poisonous ideology has no place in gov.
Why don't you address the racism in the morman church which didn't let blacks join till 1978?
Never heard you call out Obama for refusing to say "Islamic terrorism." You're a manipulative politico. Stop the FAKE effronteries hypocrite
Yeah well your ancestors didn't fight Islam so you could invade America with them either.
It was a staged leftist event -
Your floor votes matter! Pls put Country over Party. Stand 4 #WeThePeople against Putin's Puppets. USA under siege.
We need to have a conversation about what is happening today in Charlottesville & Russian influence, and operations, in the United States /1 https://twitter.com/MollyMcKew/status/896421308480851968 …
"Desperate times call for desperate measures." USA under attack fr within USG. Leaders needed now if Republic to survive. PLS, Country First
It's time to cut that cancerous Trump tumor out...
Your president cannot honestly denounce racism or nazism. He would have to denounce his own heartfelt beliefs.
If you weren't pissed at Trump you wouldn't have denounced them either!
This is what you look for in a president to say to all the ppl. DT is the worst president, he is not one. Love not hate. Vote them out.
Maybe stand up to the #trumpagenda instead of just tweeting?  But completely agree with this message #charlottesvile
@seterapia Call me cynical,but aren't GOP displaying higher than normal level of outrage?Good,but a way of puttingon the hot seat?
My father, WWII vet.. 99yrs old, is in disbelief.  I quote him. "They have no idea the horrors of WWII"  Shame on us!
Why didn't u challenge trump's candidacy & appointment of white nationalists Bannon, Miller & Nazi sympathizer Gorka? Will you speak up now?
I agree with you 100%
NOW IS THE TIME TO SEPARATE FROM TRUMP HE IS A CANCER TO YOUR PARTY AND THE US!! HELP US BRING HIM DOWN!!!!!
More courage and less profile. Let's hear you condemn the manifestation of our public woe: Trump. You're Pres. Pro Tem of the Senate: act.
But Antifa violence yesterday and for the last 8 years is OK??
Do something about Trump. He has used tweets to divide and disgust us. Denounce him. Impeach him. He is a dispicable leader.
Good taught of you God bless you senate
Thank you sir
Thank you for condemning these monsters for who they are -neo Nazis & white supremacists. Ever grateful to your brother for his sacrifice!
can you explain this to @tedwheeler who still has a Nazi on the #portland police payroll? https://www.change.org/p/mayor-ted-wheeler-demand-the-resignation-of-portland-police-captain-mark-kruger-known-nazi-sympathizer … Thanks, Senator!
In case you missed it, Senator, it's your PARTY that has kissed the feet of Nazi monsters to sow fear. How do you plan to undo it?
Yawn. Not sure why Rino's indulge in #VirtueSignaling. Never buys them any points w the #CulturalMarxists that control the media

Nazis are marching w torches through towns chanting their hate speech and gathering in public w guns and sticks wearing vests, and helmets.
Being the daughter of a WWII vet, I couldn't agree with you more. They don't belong here, in my opinion their in same category as ISIS.
So you're with #DemocRATs in labeling everyone opposed to THEM (and you?) as NAZI's ? I oppose all those #SmugLiberalPricks, why DON'T you?
Calling not enough.  #ImpeachTrump the source of #WhiteSupremacists evil.. else your brother supreme sacrifice in vain.
U helped this become a challenged. U have supported everything Trump had stood for. This blood of 3 is on ur hands. YOUR party, YOUR base.
Senator, your brother knew talk was cheap. So God bless him, he acted. You act too. Call for Trump's removal from office. We beg of you...

Why are you telling us Senator? Why not tell the imbecile #Trump the man your GOP Senate and GOP Congress routinely supports. Sad isn't it?
Hmm, yes this is wrong, but the loss of life was the results of ANTIFA SHOWING UP.  Police said car driver was scared and trying to get out.
@OrrinHatch  The left bused in Black Lives Matters, Antifa, etc.. to riot and fight in VA.  Where is the MEDIA on this? Won't talk about it.
@OrrinHatch  My Father didn't fight in WWII against the Nazi's either to just let terrorist groups like Black Lives Matters to kill Cops!
this hatred come from the top, if the president doesn't make a stand for one country, one people, one america our country is doom.
You approved Jeff Sessions and do nothing to deal with the obvious problem at the top. Your brother would be ashamed of you.
Yes, thank god all us poor, oppressed, white folk will finally get treated fairly. 
i agree except its seems ok for a communist to run for president. where do u draw the line. law and order for all races and people
ALL violent activist groups need to be reigned in. Eco-terrorism, ANTIFA, BLM, Supremacists. #ItIsntJustCharlottesville
So wait when they were burning Ferguson Mo and looting stores for hair extenstions what was that????  That wasnt terrrorism how????
I agree, sir. Please back your words up with action and help lead our Senate in holding @realDonaldTrump to the same standard of decency.
Neither did my Dad/his brothers..The state our country is in after electing this poor excuse for a human is heart breaking..you own him
But in 3,2,1 @OrrinHatch will follow inline with Nazi Trump and Pense.
Sen. Hatch ? Part of Antifa congressional entrenchment?
I'm suddenly very proud to have Hatch as a senator.
Neither did our great-grandfather. @LatinosMatter #Charlotteville
@senorrinhatch stop trying to score cheap political points
It took him this long?
I'm taking better late than never.  And here's hoping it takes one to get the ball rolling.
I'm hoping, but skeptical
Amen ! Thousands of people didn't die for this type of organization to exist or to be given any platform in our society.
The Republicans have done everything they can to enable him thus far. They own this.
While I appreciate your words, I think action is needed in this case. We won't stand for a president who will not denounce white supremacy.
Amen!!.... Thank You!! Enough is Enough of this BS
Ummmm they were waving Nazi flags yelling hail  trump...no generalizations here!
Neither did my Dad/RIP ---LTO ---Pattons 3rd Army 82nd Golden Acorn 346th K Company. @senorrinhatch
Something is wrong when I agree 1000% with Orrin Hatch
Then your in the wrong political party! Republicans live for this!
So why the republica party is supporting a Hitler as president. To my knowledge the only Republican who's been resisting Trump is Sen McCain
most of the Republican congressman only supported him bc they had no choice. I'm not affiliated w/ a party just being honest
Germany seems to be an example that GOP have forgotton otherwise they would be mpeaching NOW. GOP not protecting the country.
While we may disagree on almost everything else politically, socially and economically, I do sir applaud you taking a principled stand here.
As long as he stays on the Trumptrain, he hasn't taken a stand, he's only moved his mouth.
then why is @senorrinhatch a loyal supporter of ORANGE HITLER! sounds like a serious lack of judgement 2 me. why is he pushing oligarchy?hmm
Nazis today are not the ones from the 1930s who invaded countries and killed millions of innocent people. Free speech applies to them too.
Well said @senorrinhatch !
Same generation were against russian interferences with U.S. democracy and your POTUS IS ALLOWING BOTH
I spent too long trying to figure out what OGH stood for.

And that's why Nazi flags are flying while they yell heil Trump. Your crazy or ignorant
Who in their right mind runs up to kick the hornet's nest? Common sense sir. Our society no longer values it.
Probably happened because the hornets seem to be assholes...and assholes DO GET KICKED!
and neither did my uncle.
Ok Orin, sit back down and drink your tea, no need to get too excited, remember your heart there buddy
Isn't it time to impeach?  You know just who this President is. So why sit on your hands?  Are you a leader or a craven partisan?
Great statement. Right on.
"Words, words." Nuthin but words, though. Words R cheap.The courage to buck the Cheeto in Chief? That's the gold to this statement's dross.
You can't have violence without 2 opposing sides . How about admitting that Antifa & BLM crashed the hatred party & caused violence
I suppose that make sense. Not. Do you see crime victims in general as opposing side?
My dad didn't risk his life bombing Nazis in WWII so these pukes could act like juvenile scum.
Voted for Sessions
LOCK THEM UP @POTUS  They are NOT one of US
LOL... these people were marching supporting Trump. Are you serious? They wore Trump hats and Carried Nazi flags.
When does @SenateGOP hold a hearing? #GopThoughtsandPrayers
A generation fought, were injured and died fighting Nazis. The bastards who walked in Charlottsville are unAmerican.
Both sides!



I think current GOP and conservatives will call Abe Lincoln a "libtard" for standing up for the Blacks.
Conservatives wouldn't, Republicans would. Conservatives and Republicans are no longer the same thing.
amen @senorrinhatch  good to see you take a moral stand against the sociopath in the WH
and to continue in the vein you're mining, Orin, I didn't fight in 'Nam to come home to 2nd class citizenship as a Gay man ..... but I did
And neither should the US middleclass. @realDonaldTrump needs to be beat down
So I see, No problems till the counter protesters arrived!
Not once was Obama asked to denounce Baltimore or Dallas by media at large on Twitter ...so hypocritical
Wait: really--not trying to start a fight... How is that the same?
It's not. He's attempting to deflect.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides,"
Not deflecting just stating the facts... I get that you hate him but this is what's going to ruin our country.
 I agree, not calling out Nazis is what's going to ruin this country.
You're totally missing the point good night
GOP senator: My brother didn't die fighting Hitler for Nazis to go unchallenged today
http://hill.cm/jFJDboa 
