DOES NOT MATTER. Gorsuch is a STOLEN nomination made by an ILLEGITIMATE president.
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems That was before you stole a #SCOTUS seat. New ball game #hypocrite
doesn't mean much because once upon a time @GOP was a party for the common Americans now tis Russians they care for
so was Garland but republicans wouldn't even give him a hearing. #Hypocrisy
Haha, we needed nine this time last year...but...but...? Where were you then?
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems well a lot can change in 11 years.  Back then @POTUS was grabbing pussies
Say NO to any #SCOTUS till FBI investigation is complete.
You really have lost the moral argument here, I would just shut up if I were you. #StolenSeat #filibuster #SCOTUS
2006 was not a SCOTUS confirmation. The stakes are higher & Gorsuch is #NotOurScotus #MerrickGarland should be Scotus
It is called Karma. And it is called the President is under investigation for colluding w Russia. Taxes Dude.
Same with Judge Garland, so fair game on
stolen seat, president under investigation for treason. Of course the Dems oppose!
Try but what you did to Obama and his nominee was criminal and you brought this on yourselves
We love GorsuchvHe applies the law and Liberals cover up the law just look at Hilary and her server
Her server wasn't against the law. Merrick Garland is still in line.
Get real  Republicans Support your President
Two words:Merrick Garland
@RichardDreyfuss @SenSchumer Why Now? Just Bc they hate Trump! Not for the good of the Country. Hippocrates Now
Reason we oppose your nominees, this Supreme Court should have been selected in Obama administration.
@senorrinhatch also true of Merrick Garland - what's your point?
@Nytimes @SenSchumer @SenFranken @SenSanders @YourBCN @immigrant4trump @AlwaysActions RT! WHATS UP NOW- BIAS-PAYOFFS?
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems Grat but before we continue deal with Trump TREASON
#MerrickGarland @Scotus
Rubbish. You guys would not even allow Garland a hearing. Not a single Republican gave him that courtesy. Hypocrites.
That goes to show how far left the #Democrats have gone in the last 10 years! Just think Bernie Sanders.
ONE WORD: Merrick Garland.

DEMS need to keep the 4:4 ratio until the Russian Mob has lifted its cloud over @POTUS
NO HEARING until AFTER INDEPENDENT Russian Investigations are completed
Can we wait until after the investigations are done?
Gorsuch is a bad @Scotus option! #IDEA Overturned Unanimously! #HobbyLobby #AlphonseMaddin He is #Absurd.
that was before repubs wouldn't even have hearings on Obama's nominee-maybe that should be remedied first
Not a single Republican objected to blocking consideration of Merrick Garland.  @SenateDems @washingtonpost
#MerrickGarland
we all make mistakes occasionally. At least now we have an opportunity to fix that
aaaaand Garland?
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems MERRICK GARLAND #merrickgarland
different times call for different actions
And then you played games with Merrick Garland. #PayBacksABitch #FirstRussianIssueTHENConfirmations
come on, really?  A Supreme Court nomination is different.  And btw, pot calling kettle black! You're unbelievable!
My how times have changed since Mitch McConnell fucked the American people over for eight years.
More at stake this time around. Which you know. We're not all as stupid as you think we are. Stop trying to deceive us.
are a disgrace, @SenateDems should BLOCK the GOP in till there is a independent investigation into RUSSIA.
His decision re: limiting disabled students access to educational services overruled this WK unanimous SCOTUS ruling
Hey @senorrinhatch Remember when you voted for Merrick Garland in 1997? Sad! Gawd, you're such a hypocritical bullshitter.
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems Gorsuch must not be confirmed!! Not until Trump is removed should a justice be seated.
@senorrinhatch Different office. Things change dramatically. Worst argument for a supreme court nomination. #nogorsuch
@senorrinhatch @SenateDems You're seriously using #weneednine as a slogan after what you did to Garland? Breathtaking hypocrisy.
and you would have been perfectly willing to hold out another 4 years if HRC won. Find a new slogan.
Why is 9 suddenly so important?
That was before he ruled against a truck driver who would have frozen to death!!!!! Also. G A R L A N D
Nobody was opposed to Garland either...
.@SenateGOP .@SenateDems you guys sucked less back then.
we would have had 9 if GOP did their job & had hearings for Obama nominee
BY @GOP ACTIONS #8IsEnough #StolenSeat corporations over people eh? Great nominee
He didn't get to interpret the Constitution for all of us then. There's a difference. Originalist=anti-woman/black.
you have a Republican house, Republican Senate and you can't get a  health care bill passed that you've had 7 years to work on.
just think if we had term limits 12 wouldn't be there.
they do now, deal with it
yeah it's a bunch of democratic fools now
Not a single Democrat opposed Garland. #GOP blocks & steals a seat while tRump under investigation. Um, no.
Unanimous? The #SCOTUS decided unanimously against Judge Gorsuch's misguided decision in case of a disabled student.
so what is the point of your tweet, while you refused to talk or even vote on Merrick Garland
we can't confirm a supreme court nomination from somone under FBI investigation. #resist #trumpimpeachmentparty
Funny thing Garland also got overwhelming support from GOP when confirmed.  Why wasn't he given a hearing??? #GOP
because you guys hadn't stolen a seat from the @SenateDems then #truefacts #paybacksabitch
How many Republicans opposed Garland for the D.C. Circuit?
Oh right.
SCOTUS NOT the same as appeals court. #getaclue
this ain't 2006 #gorsuch is #antiwoman #saveourchoice
Gosh, if we need nine so much, why didn't you even give Garland a shot? POLITICS! & lower court not the same thing.
Different position, different times.
at this moment who cares...you are all a joke
Why does the GOP want him so badly? $7 mill spent opposing Garland. $10 mill spent pushing Gorsuch. #EvilAgenda
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland
The situation was not the same at that time and you know it, you are smart people u not getting away with playing dum
They are just having a tizzy fit like all Delusional Liberals have been having for several decades.
Same for MERRICK GARLAND & you didn't even give him a hearing.
that was before the #GOP left the court @ 8 Justices for a year. #GOPHypocrisy
yeah life is so hard for sore losers......
A) in 2006 @SenateGOP obstructionism hadn't reached level of assholery it currently resides at &

B) that wasn't 4 SCOTUS #GarlandGoesFirst
NO TRUMP NOMINATIONS UNTIL FBI INVESTIGATES ALLEGATIONS OF COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA DURING 2016 ELECTION...NO, NO, NO
anti-women, anti-environment, anti-voter, anti-disabilities, uphold Rep gerrymandering, give corp unchecked power-NO!
it is a stolen seat. #weobject @Scotus voted against Gorsuch unconstitutional disability ruling 8-0! Oh and  too!
how can you Republicans live with your hypocrisy? It must grind your souls down to a ragged nub.
No one then knew he had a fairy godfather who gave him $ 10 million!!
how many voted for Judge Garland? Oh, that's right you didn't even give him a hearing. No to right wing Mr. Folksy!
what do you expect from a bunch of losers.
#WeNeededNineOneYearAgo  Hypocrites. Contemptible swine. Merrick Garland will be one of the the watchwords for 2018.
Presidents in their last year of their presidency don't get to nominate #SCOTUS picks. #ComradeTrumpForPrison2017
Heh, heh. And the treason covers the CAMPAIGN, so out goes Pence too! Yippee!
It is not his seat. It is Garlands. You say we need another SCOTUS but last year you said we didn't. Which is it?
well he's certainly should he prefers corporations to people since then, no thanks.
That was then. This is now.
Important for #Voters to note that many in #Congress have gotten wealthy off of the taxpayers. Time to vote'em out
All you wealthy @SenateGOP should have thought about that before you blocked Garland. Now we need to vote all of you longterm Senators OOO.
CORPORATIONS ARE NOT PEOPLE!
changed their minds.  They are right.   Vote NO!
one problem: the spot was stolen from Merrick Garland. confirm him first, and nominate Gorsuch when next spot opens
Different court, different times. Stand your ground, this man is a misogynist and pro big business.
Merrick Garland.  Period.
You have the nuclear option, use it.The hypocrisy is glaringly obvious.Noone is surprised. Time's awasting. Let's go!
You must do the ":nuclea" option for all voting.  Change the rules and get America going again.  Democrats be damned.
What's your point? #TraitorousTrump @SenateDems
#stolenseat #MerrickGarland
as if the situation was the same as in 2006. Things have changed. The President is under investigation now
Garland wasn't opposed by Republicans as a judge yet you still made a shit show out of his SCOTUS nomination.
How did Garland do? Why no hearings? Politics then? Politics now!
Merrick Garland is the only legit nominee. You don't get that yet.
Piss off a conservative, tell a lie; piss off a lib, tell the truth! #tolerantliberalisalie
The weneednine hashtag is the height of hypocrisy. I guess you only need nine when if fits your agenda. @SenateDems
Why of course..like the bimbos who birthed the nuclear option.
that is because they are two faced
hypocrites!
Merrick Garland was the right choice @GOP crapped on democracy by not allowing his hearing-SHAME
@POTUS nomination illicits blind rage & opposition fr left. Obviously, Dems r selling out US for political vendetta
Gorsuch was on Obama's list for SCOTUS.  This is all about anti-Trump
It's all about GOP hypocrisy. BTW there's plenty of "anti-Trump"on th'GOP side of the aisle, hunnynpie.
what about Merrick Garland. I've heard he's even better
It's all political stop trying to get along with the none moral democrats
And @POTUS was grabbing pu$$y in '05. People can change over time. Ancient history is ancient history. AmIright?
My guess is he is the same,  so no, not all people chang. BTW, 2005 ancient? Did you mean 205?
strikingly similar to #merrickgarland
gosh wow isn't that the same logic we used with Garland? And yet we do seem to find ourselves here, don't we.
Trusting DNC? You know, the same party constantly yelling racist, then elect Farrakan's stooge. BS
I think we should hold off on his vote until after the investigation. Past videos indicate you agree
this ain't 2006
no vote! No vote! No vote!
Well GOP you want fair you go first!
Interestingly, @SCOTUS just overturned Gorsuch's ruling UNANIMOUSLY too! #IDEA
But then you guys flipped the norm and refused Garland a hearing, so no sympathy from us.
Merrick Garland was an excellent choice that many Reps supported and you wouldnt even hold a hearing.  Hypocrisy.
We had a better one in mind. Hussein not trustworthy.
Judge Gorsuch has made quite a few decisions since then and those impact the perception of who he is.
haha We haven't needed nine for the last year, according to Senate Republicans
Merrick Garland not #Gorsuch #NoGorsuch
Merrick Garland is not the nominee.
Elections have consequences.
not a single democrat opposed Merrick Garland
I would hope not but he'll probably get in if only because he looks the part-but it's for life and makes law
you do know the difference?
But we had a legitimate president then. Not only is @POTUS not legit, he is a lame  Impeach Or else lose your seats
you stole seat Democrats aren't going to help especially since prez is under FBI investigation
Garland was highly qualified, selected, but never got a vote. 293 days of inaction--the new GOP standard. Sad.
Merrick Garland
Approve Garland
.@SenateGOP @SenateDems You know who else was unanimously confirmed to his Circuit seat? Judge Bork.
And the way in which he was treated created a new verb. That was bullshit. @SenateGOP @SenateDems
i don't think the president was under investigation for TREASON.
Some #GOP was fine with leaving #SCOTUS at 8 if #HRC won! There's no need for 9 per @FedSoc!
Who gives a shit? Your so called pretend POTUS is a Putin asset. EVERYTHING STOPS until he is in prison.
Then STFU & ignore you ignorant POS.
Our democratic freedoms & rights are under attack when Republicans try to steal lifetime SCOTUS seats. #TraitorTrump.
How are the #MerrickGarland hearings going? "The McConnell Rule" ---> purely political! No? How not?
Donald Trump is currently campaigning for the 2020 Presidential Race, how about we wait until we pick new President
hey, what a coincidence! You guy's confirmed Merrick Garland too!  You poisoned the well, now drink the water.
.@SenateGOP .@SenateDems 
A lifetime appointment by a .@POTUS under investigation by the @FBI does not work for we the people. #noconfirm
So your objection isn't with Judge Gorsuch, it's w who nominated him? That's fairly juvenile  @SenateGOP @SenateDems @POTUS @FBI
He represents interests of corps. over people (as stated). Lifetime appt. should not be allowed by someone under investigation
Gorsuch isn't under investigation. "He represents"  dafuq. Can you read? Have you read any of what he has said or his rulings?
Trump is... he Should not be allowed too nominate a lifetime scotus while under investigation... seems simple enough?
GOP refused to consider garland for no reason... doesn't seem like a lot to ask to complete investigation
Moving the goalposts. Right on schedule. Byebye.

-mute-
Again... no real argument. Run away now.
It wasn't for a @Scotus LIFETIME position nominated by @WhiteHouse under federal investigation. Plus, #MerrickGarland @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Time to look FORWARD GOP.
we learn how to play the game from y'all.
Republicans designed and passed first form of cap and trade for sulphur dioxide. Where's the support for CO2 markets now?
but then he sided with hobby lobby
maybe but this position is the highest in the law and for life! Big difference.
The principle of matter is you are stealing the seat from Judge Garland who was nominated. Theft & lack of ethics.
he'll be great, right after Merick Garland.
GOP will use Nuclear Option for all their Supreme Court Nominations! Ha ha ha!
.@SenateGOP @SenateDems Confirmation for supreme court much more serious.  I oppose Gorsuch for supreme court. @senmarcorubio @SenBillNelson
Me too Kat. Bill Nelson is our man in DC & my neighbor in Orlando!
Republican governor signed blueprint for ACA into law in MA. What's GOP position on that one now?
Any one who votes to confirm Gorsuch is also a right wing religious bigot. Vote no! Listen to the people.
Just put him through.Dems will not help you.
Merrick Garland is still waiting for his confirmation hearing.
His nomination and confirmation need to be put the fuck on hold until that moron-in-chief is done being investigated.  He's illegitimate.
Merrick Garland.
https://youtu.be/DqnWxbc8yZk 
Yes
