Helpful additional context --
No it's not. It was used quite often during the Civil War when Hatch was just a young Senator. https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/respectable-uses-for-shooting-your-wad/2011/06/19/AG3RIfjH_story.html?utm_term=.0eb7bc54b428 …
you were quoted by @CNN
Give the guy a pass.  He's 83.
Since its 2017, you should have known what you were shooting

@Rosie Senator Hatch, I can't believe you used this terminology and you clearly knew what it really meant. Not very soon-to-be presidential.
And who said you were humorless?
This... doesn't make you look better.
WTF is he talking about?
Shooting his wad. It has many definitions. But we all know what it means.
Reference was to Hatch saying repubs had blown their wad RE: health care
Yes I think we get that but there's a UD meaning for shooting of his wad. Mike Cernovich is familiar w this saying
There is nothing I am interested in less than Cernovich's wad :)
Bahahaha omg you're right sorry.
Pssst...Senator Hatch...English evolved since the Civil War. It doesn't mean that anymore, but it is still referring to a gun...of sorts.
Is shooting wads covered under #Trumpcare? I didn't think so.
In the 60's my buddies and I used that phrase. It had zero sexual connotation.
He doesn't remember that it means "ejaculate" b/c he doesn't remember how it feels. Be nice to your wife. Perhaps it'll come back to you.

Hey, be nice to our next President. Trump, Pence, Ryan all going down....Senator Hatch, You know you will soon be our next President of U.S.
Salty
Lol. Sense of humor alert?
Got one on "load"?
"FEW of you were alive during the Civil War." So...there are actually 151+ year-old people? We NEED to meet these people, Senator!
tfw a guy who belonged to a barbershop quartet simply cannot stop himself from talking about shooting wads
I knew what you were talking about.      ;  )
Did they dribble or did they spray?
LOL this is amazing. I learned something today.
I like you better when I presume you were referencing slang from this century.
I shoot my wad everyday while singing my favorite Clarence Carter song "i have been stroking"
Nice for you to clean it up.... but that's not what it means today, or for the past 100 years. Sorry
Skeet Skeet
@ThisIsBlothar has something to say about blowing wads, Senator.
And people tried to make it sound dirty. Good to know!

As Senator Hatch is today apparently locked in a sound isolation chamber, a picture for you
Sen Hatch should return to the floor & have intercourse¹ w/ other Senators to address this.

¹Outdated definition: dealings & communications
I wrote a song called "Sexual Congress" around 30 years ago. Maybe time to dust it off! Forward into the past! ( Firesign Theatre reference)
I want to hear it, Dave.
Dated. The chorus was "Sexual Congress/it's all the rage; promise them anything but give them our page" which references a 60's commercial.
I was watching Lawrence O'Donnell when he read the statement, and Lawrence couldn't quit laughing thru the segment!
Neither definition is covered by health care, folks.
Oh gawd, Hatch is just more edumacated than you folks. You may complain when he says trump is balls deep in a huge government reach-around.
. Yeah, sonny.  Be we be in the 21st century, as you might be to, so we know EXACTLY what you meant!   LMAFO!     
#OldSchool No need for #WaybackMachine Term has taken on a whole new meaning in modern times. #BestDefenseistoAvoid
Are you preparing to be president?  Are you sane?
Senator, do you have any interest in the Presidency or will you hand the baton to Mattis?
Good thing you were alive then so that you can educate us all.
Nope, you were being crude and referring to an ejaculation, something you vaguely remember.  Do not try to crawfish.
skeet skeet skeet
I get it meant that in the 1860's but now it means something different
As the Civil War ended almost 69 years before your birth maybe a modern context is the more appropriate context for the phrases usage.
Sen., so you're "sick of it" you say? Imagine how sick the rest of us are of you & the clown you helped install in the WH!
Are you implying that you were alive during the civil war???
Thank God it's not a dirty phrase, because I just shot my wad from laughing so hard while reading this story.
Pervert.
investigate all Democrats for crimes i'm sure all shared
with Hillary Clinton and all her crimes against the Usa...
John Mccain you are responsible for several Sailors
deaths and the relatives should Sue John McCain for killing on Carrier
A Senior Moment? Or A Stupid Moment? So U think there R a few 150+ yrs old. World Records? Wow! But U don't believe in Climate Change. Duh!
"Wad" also applies to model rockets. I spent much of my childhood stuffing wadding between the motor and parachute.
This has been "Orrin's Dirty Word Corner" for today. Tune in tomorrow when Orrin covers "little man in boat" ..
For those alive in the 21st century, and expect our Congress to provide 21st century healthcare, not 19th century. http://wad.urbanup.com/950195 
Thot this was the one to double down on, huh? Welcome to the internet.
As you're living in the Civil War era, I suppose your use of "shot their wad" is appropriate #sploogemonster #thoughtdumpster
were you alive then?
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
This makes it sound like you were around for the Civil War.  Not the best response, since no one currently alive was alive then.
Hahahahahaha
gross
Sir, is blowing a wad the same thing?
We get it. @Lawrence said u didn't mean the dirty one. How r you fighting against Koch agenda? Or r you w them in destroying our gov?
Of course you meant it this way 
Yes, its not blow your wad, #PresidentHatch if you turn it down make sure its going to be #PresidentMattis @stefschlatter @Marz933
(c) for anyone under about the age of 60, or at least, it conjures up a different mental image!
Actually, Senator Hatch, that phrase, while still carrying the same basic meaning, has  a much different connotation now (c)
My mom had the same problem as a teacher, when she'd say "Oops, I pulled a boner." The kids went crazy.
Orrin, you weren't in the Civil War either. This "seminal" defense of your mouth was impotent the moment it left your lips.
Unfortunately, language evolves, and what was once literally innocuous is now allusively vulgar.
Which Civil War? The first one or this one?
Why is he talking about season 1 of true detectives?
I am just enjoying him clarifying his wad. 
@coopNP13
This could the public's last memory of you--a final juicy spurt at the end of a long, hard career.
Ahhh! The "I was making a Civil War Reference" escape hatch, eh Hatch? Just be a grown up and say it was not appropriate language. No1Cares
I had civil war just last night.
You probably should have just dropped this. Seriously.
This is a thing? Really?
I understood what you meant with that expression, it was used by my family and my Grandparents were born in the 1870 and 80s.
Progressive Secular Humanist here: I was with you all the way on that one.
Orrin Hatch, what a nut.
You should know the audience you're talking too, it's not the civil war anymore, that phrase has a different meaning to the general public
Hatch said something sensible quite recently but now I forgot what it was.
This reminds me of my mom insisting that when she flipped me off it meant "up yours!" & not the commonly accepted definition.
Forgive most of us. We don't expect tweets to be literate.
Ummmm. How many people does anyone know that were alive during civil war?  DT knows Fredrick Douglas.  
Is this what you people are paid to do? By taxpayer dollars?
I think you meant to say, "they blew their load."
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
**I know you're old, dude, but you're not THAT old.
Dear @senorrinhatch,
Any tips on explaining Bukakke to my grandmother?

Yeah, that saying didn't age too well, Orrin.
Which side did you fight on?
Did you fight for the Union or the Confederacy?
But today it means something else.  Word meanings do change with time.
@senorrinhatch  Didnt need to go back to the civil war... the @washingtonpost also knows better...
In fairness, you weren't alive back then either.
Disgusting
As sure as I am that you meant to imply that you were alive during the Civil War, maybe you should consider retiring.
I take it that you were alive during the civil war
Are you suffering dementia?
You should have stopped at the first tweet.
It's always the Civil War with these Bigots. republicans don't shoot wads unless it's for procreation, or a relative.

Proceed.

#resist
@govtrack that you even had to defend the lewd remark is telling.
The fact that you are extending this conversation shows you are enjoying it. #WadInTheHatch
FEW?  Dont mistake that word for NONE.
Sen. Hatch's point was clear. Some people have too much time on their hands.

Civil War huh...... *orders all civil war books ever written*
Oooo! Do more history! Tell us what scumbag means! #RadHistoryLessonfromanOldWhiteDude
Excellent
Here's the thing: language has evolved since the Civil War. Maybe you should consider doing the same.

#TheResistance
Linguistic lessons from senators who can't seem to pass anything that makes our lives better. Let's see definition of "health care" next.
Seriously wtf is this?
In fact, I don't want to think about you having sex in any form. And I don't care that you beat off the the rebel flag either
Senator, what you do in the privacy of your home to a health care bill is your business, not ours.
I'm willing to be even YOU weren't alive during the War Between The States..."Few" hahahaha
we know you were around during the Civil War since you're an expert on the jargon! @cnn @realDonaldTrump
So your saying your well over 100 years old? I think you need to update your slang not us.
#RestoreMyRights #FreeSpeech #OrrinHatesTheConstitution #Hypocrite #ShootYourWad #BlowYourLoad #BustYourNut
...your staffers continue to deny your constituents #1stAmendment rights by blocking us on the public forum that is your official FB page.
Bullshit. Typical doublespeak from a typical political hypocrite. Crudely referencing sex acts while feigning innocence. Meanwhile...
Knowledgeable enough to know what you were talking about.  Later in the 40s it was also a euphemism for betting it all.
but we weren't alive then and you have a potty mouth
Thanks, @senorrinhatch - this #jargon lesson will likely only benefit #CivilWar re-enactors in training #ahousedividedagainstitself #newjobs
you were quoted in an article by @mashable
So you use Viagra sir?
That's not what it means now!  #hopeyouaregettingcaughtuponthelingo
During your entire lifetime, "shooting one's wad" referred to ejaculate. There's nothing wrong with that, so embrace it. #ShootYourWad #MAGA
Unless you made some pact with he dark lord Satan, YOU weren't alive during the Civil War either.

Senator, I honestly love that you doubled down on this. Please use "they really blew their load" next and say it's Vietnam War jargon
And we're sure that's what you meant. Totes. 
Even with Trumpcare, no one could be alive today from the Civil War.  You are aware that it's 2017, right?
Lol semen
While we're all playing teacher...how about this one?
Yeah, but nowadays it means cumming. Get hip, Hatchy.
your Tweet was quoted by @voxdotcom
Go find a fainting couch Orrin
As most of us are alive during 2017 we need to teach the senator the valuable jargon lesson on "wads" and the shooting of them.
I think we now say "he shot his load"...haven't heard "shot his wad" since the 1970s.
Im confused..blowing your wad still means you are SPENT,over, all out of power, juice, gumption, effort, ammo
Even by this? SO??
#spinning
@Youaredumb Orrin Hatch trying to explain why "shot your wad" is a perfectly innocent expression after he said it is comedy platinum.
Thank you, Senator, for giving us the archaic meaning! And for your sense of humor during these testy times.
@dubbtacular
Lolol is he suggesting that he was in fact alive?
Oh yeah he was 100% there. It explains a lot about his politics
M
There are several sites on the internet where you can get information and helpful pictures and videos that explain alternative meanings
http://youporn.com  is a great place to start your research, @npobliner
Stop tweeting about this.  You're sounding like a wad.
remember how 78% of utahns want you out of office
Yes, and John "The Wad" Holmes was a famous Civil War soldier.
Sir
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=blow%20your%20wad …
Turn off the porn, senator.
Stop digging, Orrin. The origin of the phrase will not save you. Take the L and move on.
The rest of us know what it is used in reference for today. And it isn't cotton wadding.
"As few of you" Are you actually claiming to have been alive during the civil war? FYI. Many things have changed since then, e.g., language
Are you admitting to being alive during the civil war?
Gee @OrrinHatch again, Utah is so proud. 
"You young whippersnappers are always cracking jokes."

-Strom Thurmond
#wad
Hatch could have been alive in the Civil war.....he has certainly sucked enough blood.
and Orin was alive in 1865
Call me crazy but this just is not the kind of info I want from any Senator. How is it that wouldn't have been known before hitting send.?
Do you still refer to happiness as being gay?
That use persisted during and after the Great War as well.
there are few (if any) policy positions we share, but well done here.
Let me guess... When people use the eggplant emoji, you think they're actually talking about an eggplant.

You could team up with Hannity sponsor Marie Calendar and launch an Orin Hatch Civil War Cream Pie!
So glad to learn the source of this expression from someone who was there when it originated!
Argument for term limits
Maybe you hadn't noticed, but the Civil War ended a long time ago. It's meant something totally different for forty or fifty years now.
Urban Dictionary: shoot my wad http://shoot-my-wad.urbanup.com/7624800#.WYiyylZcrFk.twitter …
yeah, but...www.dictionary.com/browse/shoot-one-s-wad
Its a synonym for blowing one's load.
No, Orrin, only you were alive during the Civil War. Please retire.
Nothing makes a smoker happier than to have a fag in their mouth.
Hahahahaha!   Good for you Senator!
Are you off your meds again?
Most hilarious feed I have Ever read 
This thread took a nasty turn.
Orrin go on cumtown
wadtown*
You were though, correct?
Were you alive during the Civil War?
Can we #25thAmendmentNow Sen. Hatch before we get to him in the order of succession? @Senorrinhatch, you can just resign. #PresidentMattis
Senator, please ask your staff to block all the people who made all those hateful comments.
Shooting your wad means what we think it does Meanings change over the years.What may have been true for the Civil War is just quaint now.
Oh no, looks like you talked about cumming on something 
Senator, I apologize for the awful people who say hateful things. Thank you for trying to insert levity into life & thanks for your service!
That is what is called "Being out of Touch with the electorate."  Resign before you cause more damage. #RESIST Ignorance.
For the love of GOD, please don't complain about all the bundles of sticks you hate littering your community, Senator.
You'll shoot your eye out!
Wad in tarnation!
