they are now the Obstructionist party!
Who had GREAT TEACHERS- THANK YOU
except republicans didn't obstruct, Obama walked all over them for 8 years
Saying "Republicans didnt obstruct" like saying sun didnt come up in the am
Ok, then list the initiatives republicans blocked
@chuckschumer is a corrupt politician who's agenda is for himself not the people !

8 years to go snowflake #MAGA
yeah you got us ! it was the Russian dressing on Trumps salad , he colluded
Between he, Elijah Cummings and Maxine Waters..can't we get them to SHUT UP??????
Face it Sean,he does not know what he believes,like all leftist libs.Hypocrites and liars #Clownschumer
SEAN...love to hear you PUNK THE PRESS....keep up the good work...TN. LOVES YOU...
It's the best! He has more patients w/ the press than I would. Unrulely kids
Hahahaha - nice try. Does 8 years of obstruction by GOP or Merrick Garland ring any bells? Do you only have short term memory?
We're still waiting for Merrick Garland's hearing.  Then we'll look at Gorsuch. Filibuster the party of NO!
Schumer has been in office far too long! We hope the Republicans stand up against this 'obstruction'!
'
Shumer- liar, liar, pants on fire.
Schumer is one sick old man.
No big announcement abt Ivanka's new "position"? Who daddy's obviously grooming to run- 4 a "dynasty"?
Then unfortunately 3 years later your dear @SenateMajLdr had to go & say this.
just following precedence
Ummm...no. That's false on multiple levels.
The body of the majority can set rules such as the nuclear option
So the only principle is what you can ram through ? Got it. #gorsuch
Was this before or after R's refused to hold hearing for @SCOTUS nom for a year?
U FORGET SO FAST.. that was the  DEMS rule. No conf.  during election yr...remember?
The was no rule passed or agreed upon. It was a comment by Biden when no @Scotus vacancy existed http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/mar/17/context-biden-rule-supreme-court-nominations/ …
WELL THE REPUBS LISTENED...IT WAS MORE TJAN A COMMENT...
Don't talk to us about obstruction. Have you been living under a rock for the past 9 years you tool?
Schumer lies as the Dems are obstructing confirmation of Gorsuch as well as POTUS new medical plan
He says a lot of things. Who believes anything out of his mouth
they don't, but you can't always be victims of the bully's rules
Well, I guess @SenateMajLdr taught him a better way!!!!
Was his mouth moving or maybe he's channeling obama.
@SenSchumer is a liar and a trouble making failure from NY.
Chuck n Nancy need to retire.  Both senile. #MAGA  Can't reason with senile biddies
Please don't send me pictures of Chuck Schumer unless he is crying.
@StrangeFunnies and as usual....just a two faced full of shit Democrat....
Schumer is a hypocrite and obstructionist. Leading a party the had 0 votes 4 cabinet members.
Schumer is hypocritical, like most liberals.
I'm sorry you're a teacher, you're a joke. Hypocrisy indeed. #MerrickGarland
Schumer as his usual piece of crap hypocracy
don't you get it yet Sean, Democrats lie like the Devil
CROOKED NEW YORK POL - DIRT BAG. If his lips are moving he is lying.
he's becoming as slimmy as Harry Reid. Hypocricy doesnt affect the lib conscience.
well schumer and polosis are obstructionist now who he kidding
Exactly Sean, the Alt Left Media Networks intentionally omit these past events to their viewers. BIAS NEWS =DEEP STATE FAKE NEWS
so do as we say not as we do! Way to go @SenSchumer
Schumer should step down, He isn't working 4 the people. Obstructionist is his game!
Democrats believe only in power and keeping their enslaved base of urban poor in line.
They are going to blow their own feet off for the 2018 elections. A voter like me says they did nothing
The first sentence is false, Mr. Spicer. Schumer has never been Majority Leader.

DO NOT SPREAD FALSE INFORMATION #1703aq #Error9 #falsity
Congress approved more appointments for Skippy than they did for Bush
That was then not now, they've become the same thing they called the GOP when it came to obama nothing but hypocrites
Darth Dumber was all positive under obozo but hates Trump and truly again America
Schumer believes in the Devil and shld be treated as such. Find the dirt, put him in jail. Go on offense, enuf of his ilk getting away w/all
dems believe in whatever suits them in the moment.
#buffoon
they R mad because you never gave Obama nominee a vote.And some how you want us to forget the pass.no
He is typical Washington hypocrite. Drain the swamp. Term limits
He's just a LIAR.
Before he met the GOP's strategy of 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017. #DelayandBlock @chuckschumer
Bullshit!!!
@SenSchumer Chuck Schumer is basically a JERK
He still believes that that.  McConnell is the obstructionist.  Schumer just doesn't agree with the pick

If the Democrats should only vote for Gorsuch because Trump wants them to, & then get criticized when they don't? Why have a vote anyway?

Schmere is nothing but a waste!
they also come unglued about #podestagate but hushhh is word on #EvelynFarkass ! @FBI needs to arrest
Love seeing phony Dems being held accountable to what they said in past!!!
Call them out Sean..
The DEMS loved their rules when they were in charge....NUCLEAR OPTION..NO CONF. DURING ELEC YR...ECT..
Guess that was before McConnell decided Senate should be all about obstructing Garland. #hypocrits
it's called obstruction sick of political bull
SEAN...SCHUMERS A CANDY ASS....
check the date of these words   the bet is.    he does the same thing to his constituents
Oh, what a difference an election loss makes 
Schumer and Pelosi are lolly pop kids; obnoxious distractors. They should be removed.
Not so much !!! Makes him look untruthful!
Your party doesn't get to lecture about obstruction after what you did to Merrick Garland.
@mlong42947 @dcexaminer @susancrabtree  Typical Democrat-two faced lying SOB whinning, what's good for them, but republicans-NOT!
Typical LEFTIST hypocrite! Schumer is such a clown. Embarrassed that I am his countryman. #TermLimits
#Senate #senators #gorsuch #hypocrisy dems r such hypocrites!
@gupdiver @dcexaminer @susancrabtree oh how the tides change.
Chuck Schumer is so full of crap he is head of political terrorism
Ya....Just like he believes in Party First, Constituents Second. His winning recipe.
It was #GOP who wrote the book on obstructionism for 8 years. Nobody's forgetting.
@SenSchumer Chuck sadly is letting anger  control his actions not what's good for the country.
Schumer is a two faced hypocrite.
he believes in that only when the votes will fundamentally destroy the country.
History, dude. And then the Repubs obstructed. Why should they play nice to you now? Gaslighter.
Politicians NEVER Remember what they SAID in the PAST AMNESIA HYPOCRICY on Steroids DEMS GOP Check what you SAID before YOU SPEAK or RESIST
of course that was before GOP stole a Supreme Court pick from Obam. If you believe then pick garland
What?  @SenSchumer Comrade Chucky is a Hyprocrite?  I'm shocked!
@steph93065 @dcexaminer @susancrabtree He believes in ideas until the ideas don't work for his narrative,
I'm from upstate New York Schumer's a hack who also makes inappropriate comments to women
ZERO Value Schumer & Dems get paid & use tax payer $ to whine, obstruct, criticize & cheer GOP fails?

@SenSchumer Schumer changes his tune when the shoe is on the other foot. #hypocrite
@steph93065 @dcexaminer @susancrabtree
Yes. Well before your side acted deplorably with Judge Garland. That's what this is all about! @PressSec @dcexaminer @susancrabtree
Merrick Garland
Koalemos, ain't it a bitch when the tables turn?
@SpecialKMB1969 @dcexaminer @susancrabtree hypocrite
@SpecialKMB1969 @dcexaminer @susancrabtree HE IS GARBAGE THAT NEEDS TO GO. I BELIEVE HE AND NANCY HAVE BEGINNINGS OF DEMENTIA.
Schumer is a nutcase laughing stock. BTW- it's neat to see Sean Spicer when he jokes around. Good!
Gorsuch at least got a hearing. How about @POTUS releases tax returns in exchange for up/down vote?
@USAneedsTRUMP @dcexaminer @susancrabtree Our politicians on both side are part of the problem. Shumer is a disgrace. #termlimits
well it's 2017 and GOP gets what they deserve. #BETTERdeadTHANred
I heard Chucky verbally assaulted a couple in a restaurant ..because they were Trump supporters?????
@Fred_Cathy_Ret @dcexaminer @susancrabtree Hipocracy  thy name is Schumer ! What A putz !
andmitch mcconnel blocked Obamas pick.Don't be a hypocrite yourself while pointing the finger at others
#WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner #ChickenShits #Trumprussia
And now you’re learning why.
Pot, kettle LOSER get a grip stop whining and act properly. How long did Republicans block Obama choice
2013? What about 1776 when we promised a nation? 1944 when we denounced xenophobia?
I'm curious to know what changed for the Dems since they unanimously confirmed #Gorsuch in 2006 to now @PressSec @dcexaminer @susancrabtree
@mitchellvii Schumer is two faced !
Schumer is crazy !
Impeach Trump!
you either upvote or downvote the nominee
man! Some one is trying to distract from the disastrous current administration.
@kernolsooner @dcexaminer @susancrabtree maybe someone should show chucky was he said back in 2013 long time ago maybe he forgot
Spicey: You work on your cover-up, let the professionals handling the real work of government.
That's when his party was in power.  Different rules apply now apparently.
stick to what you know! Cosigning lies by @POTUS  and lying about cosigning CHUMP lies.  I wonder how that looks on a resume #dork
I would guess the last 4 years of watching Congressional Republicans has changed Schumer's mind.
Why do all of your positive replies come from bots?  Even your twitter feed is a BIG FAT LIE!
Trump WILL Dump you...then where will you be.
You, Spicer, are a liar and a coward.  There has got to be a better way to earn a living.
Chucky speaks from both sides of his mouth.
Sean I'm trying to decide if u or the guy that cleans the toilets in the not-so-good Mexican restaurant in town has a worse job. Thinking u.
@chuckschumer -Your APART OF AMERICA'S problem- FYI: your part of the swamp is draining #MAGA 
surprised?
Sure!!!!

pretty obvious he changed his view on that.He is the definition of obstruction and lies.
sir, I LOVE seeing you battle the Reporters. Keep up the good work.
They are only doing what the GOP did with Obama's administration. Deal with it.
lol,yea.we all know.lies lies.lies.denie,denie,denie.old gov.sick of the hole thing.flush that shit
that's before we had a delusional corrupt man baby with zero knowledge in the WH.
GOP in 2016 obstructed vote on Merrick Garland. What did you expect in return from the Dems?
that’s what the GOP said too. Sucks to be on the other side doesn’t it.
are you kidding with this. Merrick Garland anyone? Your hypocrisy is absurd.
amazing coming from the party of obstructing.....ran Boehner clean off it was so bad. Remember?
Schumer is a CLOWN. Not to be taken seriously on any level!
Sphincter....U R a twit!  I thing YOU r the one who escorted into the WH and now are trying to cover!
he need to be stop
@SociallySherri @dcexaminer @susancrabtree it was a Harry Reid, another career democrat,who changed rules in their favor.
. Sounds familiar. Stop blaming and find coalitions to serve citizens.
He used to behave in restaurants back then too.
what did he do? Lol
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/03/28/schumer-goes-off-trump-supporter-fancy-nyc-restaurant/ …
He said it, but doesn't believe it.
