Not cowering, LISTENING 2 their constituents across the country. #NoTaxesNoPresident #Liberty #sr1776 Trump is a disgrace.
Pretty sure that leftists don't understand liberty and what it truly means   @modernhomesla @SenOrrinHatch
Do you even know who the #SonsOfTheRevolution are? It has nothing to do with party.  All about #democracy. #Haters
Do you know we live n a Republic? Not a hater. I leave that to people like you.  @modernhomesla @SenOrrinHatch
your hatred that elected tRump. Now he is controlled by likes of Banon, post child for hatred.
Actually it was the left’s hate, intolerance  lack of listening to the middle class which caused it. @asjaroch @modernhomesla @SenOrrinHatch
Actually it was the dumbing down of America and the idea that we could leave things up to the Republic that led us here.
The Republic?  Really.  No it was going against the Republic and what she stand for as well as dumbing down.
Sen.Hatch-We are disgusted with the behavior of Democrats post election. This is not only obstructionism it's unamerican.
Sadly Col., this IS #America where we base politics not on Party but #democracy. #SonsOfTheRevolution #SR1776
In our constitutional republic-voters select their leaders. President Trump & R's control all levels of gov't
And you sir, should be ashamed.  Our forefathers are turning in their grave right now. #SonsOfTheRevolution
I'll leave you with this-Proudest vote I ever cast was for President Trump! We saved our nation on 11/8!
Trump Steaks, Trump Airlines, Trump Vodka, Trump Mortgage, Trump  Magazine, Trump University, Trump Ice, the US 
u guys held up a ton of Obama pick and stole Obama Scotus pick and now u are whining
the Senate is not required to vote on SCOTUS picks, only take under advisement. They did. Not a "stolen" seat
advise and consent that's their job they didn't do it so now u expect dems to bow down it doesn't work
I dont expect that. Just don't be surprised when the GOP fights back.
it was stolen simple as that no way around it
Biden was okay with that approach when Democrats did it.
they never did do your homework
correction, he encouraged it during the end of HW's term. It was okay then, but not now?
You are why people want term limits.

you sir, are a fraud.
their desired outcome is for the American people to not be grossly misrepresented 
you mean like the way you pouted for months & refused to confirm nominations? You're an embarrassment to LDS members
Rather than accept anything less than your desired outcome, you chose to subvert the democratic process by changing the rules
The American people deserve truth, fairness, and transparency! You, sir, are the coward for not standing up for the people.
ur hypocrisy is unbelievable! How about the GOP not holding a hearing for Garland for over a year?
Cower?! It's called a boycott old man. You've sold out to the illegitimate dolt in the WH to advance your own interests.
Truth is you along w/ entire GOP chose to cower behind Trump & lead the most chaotic transition: ACA, immigration, tantrums
@BombsTruth 
@FoxNews 
Safe Spaces Needed for Democrat Senators! Get them some crayons & coloring books!!!
#SenateHearings
@ColBannister who's paying their salary? So we pay them to do nothing? We're better off without them. Destroyed themselves
Oddly, the #Democrats ARE 'working' for their constituents.  It's called #resist #QuacksLikeADonald
Actually that's YOU when it comes to DeVos.  Up for re-election in 2018...take the dirty $ and run or think of ALL kids?
just as you chose to ignore Merrick Garland's nomination. Hypocrisy in action by @SenOrrinHatch
No, they chose to oppose an nominee that is unqualified.
Why didn't you confirm Merrick Garland? #Coward. God is still watching you. #Karma
So you change the rules to get yours Senator? Checks and balances?
Cowering is when you're so afraid of your constituents you ignore phones calls & have them arrested. http://www.sltrib.com/home/4885792-155/dozens-of-protesters-arrested-outside-hatchs …
Some reading material.
you did democracy a dis-service sir. You should be ashamed
The American PEOPLE elected them, pay them, and expect them to do their jobs.  If, they are refusing, then we say Fire them
I don't think those you had arrested in your hallway yesterday were cowering, Sir.
You cheated and ignored the rules.  May your actions be always remembered, for the cheat that you are.  Shame, SHAME.
& when Repubs were mad and Obama they instructed for 6 yes & shut down the govt multiple times!
They will continue to obstruct. They are acting as passive aggressive teens who didn't get their way. Vote without them!
yes because that's how democracy works. Let's just do as the Liar In Chief says and follow the pack
This is NOT how Democracy works! Working across the isle to come up w best solutions, not obstruction.
I agree wholeheartedly. But that would require repubs to reach across the aisle instead of dragging dems
Of course. The Congress is broken. Hopefully obstructionists D or R w no new ideas will be flushed out in 2018.
I completely agree. I think 2018 will be a big wake up call- I also appreciate we came to an understanding
2016 was a wake up call, many political elites & MSM did not get it yet. Yes to 2018!
Nominees had serious ethical violation issues - u crammed them down America's throat.  THANKS for nothing
You're the coward.  Can't play by the rules so you cheat.  Can't stand the democratic process?  Retire!  Democracy killer.
: look, trump toddlers speak
rather than work with your colleagues, you break rules and violate principles to force your own way #wearenotrobocalls
rather than fulfill your role to serve all constituents, you obstructed every action to help Americans from previous admin
rather than accept the constitutional duty, republicans stole a SCOTUS seat from the previous administration
We support you Senator! U r an honorable man doing the right thing! Pres O had 15 nominees the first week! This hurtsAmerica!
The Democrats are looking awful and they are promoting worse behavior by members of the public with their bad behavior.
did you show them where you hid when Obama was in office?
Go to your Doctor. Stat. You are in need of treatment.
Like Kindergardeners whom don't get their way. Tantrums. Hope their constituents remember next election.

Funny in any other place of business this would get you fired. Unprofessional & juvenile. #Impeach #Resist
American people will not stand for deceit, flagrant breaking of rules, and utterly childish behavior. You are all arrogant.
Hypocrite. This is just what you all did constantly when Obama was in office. There are fewer stupid people than you think.
That is EXACTLY what they should have done.. RESIGN or get voted out of office..YOUR CHOICE..#RESISTHATCH

They weren't "cowering," sir. They are listening to us. #MerrickGarland
NO they are standing up for our DEMOCRACY unlike you gutless Republicans that don't stand for anything but PARTY & YOURSELVES
You will not have to worry about the Dems for long. 2018 will be here before you know it…
Your grandchildren will deny they are related to you.
Breaking the rules is breaking our democracy to put forth unqualified and corrupt nominees. SHAME! SHAME!
Very proud of you
Standing by their principles instead of confirming 2 individuals who lied in their hearings. You sicken me. #PeopleOverParty
Allies think US GOP is as foolish as Trump. Cease partisan politics now. "Cowering" something learned from GOP counterparts?
This sounds familiar. Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell?  Hello pot, meet kettle, you hypocrite.
and rather than accept criticism or even questions, you & your staffers turn off VM and block your constituents on Facebook.
as a Utahn, your actions today disgrace our state.
You're willing to let  burn & sift through the ashes, or live off foreign bank accounts while we lose everything. Shameful.
You and your party are hypocrites. You are a scourge on democracy and America.
The Republican leadership needs to be a mighty fortress united right now. There's no working w/ Dems anymore.
I'm disappointed that you're not listening to your constituents - the people you're aupposss to represent. Why?
Remember Gina McCarthy? This Senate is pathetic. Parties ruin politics. Politicians are for money, not the people.
@evilsax You are ignoring perjury, plagiarism, & insider training. Unethical hack!
Thank You Senator!
They were not cowering!! What kind of courage do you possess to stand against a monster such as trump??
Disgraceful behavior by a so called statesman! Calling colleagues idiots. Time to resign Senator!
Well, they learned their obstructionist techniques from the best - you!  #MerrickGarlandsghost
If you call these people your colleagues I feel for you. You cannot sit on both sides of the fence. Chose your Side!  AMERICA
take responsibility for your actions. You broke the rules. You should be sanctioned. You have no ethics or honor. Shameful.
Keep breaking the rules for your regime, accumulation of evidence. Stop drinking the koolaid and DEFEND Ukraine!
Suspending the rules is extremely arrogant.  History will judge you harshly.
Thank you for standing strong. We the People are with you.
@clare6678 They should be ashamed and should either resign their position or show up for work just like most Americans must.
You, Senator Hatch, are a disgrace to our nation. You sold out.
Rather than follow the rules, you changed them to get your way. Shameful.
and what were you doing for 293 days with Obama's #SCOTUS nominee? #hypocrite
#hypocrite
http://crooksandliars.com/jon-perr/republicans-unprecedented-obstructionism-by-numbers …
following such a show-stopping example by the GOP for the last 8 yrs!
You're a lying hypocrite. #shameonyou #impeachtrump #CountryOverParty #TheResistance
Weak sauce, Hatch.  Ridiculous, you know it, and you are embarrassing yourself.
double standard. Hypocrite
You were well within your rights acting like the civilized human beign today. Proud of you.
Like you did with Garland! When are you guys going to stop acting like this and govern!!!!!
The 305 People, Places and Things Donald Trump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List
maybe if we thought you listen to your voters we wouldn't have to do this. #NotoDeVos
you sir are a coward, and a liar and hypocritical their.
@MaryEll36176646 Why should they get paid for not working? They work for us Americans! Something needs done wasting our money
Agree, but they live in their own world.
Yes they do but Mary I think they know our eyes on on them
2 more years and all of you will be ousted
What goes around, Comes back around, You did it to the Obama administration. Now you know how it feel
: Kind of like yall did for Obamas SCOTUS pick. Obstruct, Obstruct. Do u know what hypocrite means?
And where were you when Merrick Garland was waiting on a hearing for almost a year? Enuf of your foolishness, hypocrite!
You know, like GOP did with not even allowing discussion of Obama's SCOTUS nominee. You are a snake, Hatch @lovealaska1105
@CathieMarie2014 Senator, your actions today made me proud. Thank you for standing up for our country.
Payback is a concept you best get used to. What goes around comes around. What you call cowering is actually balls. Grow some
they utilized #TheBidenRule. I'm still not sick of winning! Lol.
Do you call detained Americans winning?
Nice pivot. Find me a detained US citizen
I guess you purposely ignore the news. Don't waste my time. Continue to support the LOSER!
Find me one US citizen. You can't, so you call me names? You emulate what you hate.
your exposed. You allowed #45 2 kidnap your party. You and your #GOPGongShow own his #Trumptalk #CNN
"I hated to do that" on For the Record with Greta. #alternativefact #Trumphitman #utpol #manipulative #swampcreature
Remember that one time President Obama nominated someone for the Supreme Court & you all acted like toddlers?
and what was it called last year? You're all a disgrace and an embarrassment
So glad you downgraded democrats to "idiots". Us IDIOTS are getting ready for 2018, and will take back the senate. #resist
lol kind of like how you decided not to show up yesterday? #alternativefact
Price should be investigated for insider trading and not moved in the process until the investigation is complete
Republicans chose to cheat and lie. You people aren't even as ethical as worms!
Rules, laws, the Constitution -- fuck all that, right Orrin?
While you changed the rules, like a spoiled brat to get your way. Mnuchin capitaized on the worst time in people's lives
Did you accept Chief Judge Garland? Be fair!
and rather than deal with it, you acted like a dictator.
you're breaking rules whenever you feel like it, and you expect the people to trust you? gfy
You & all of congress cowered for 8 years! Get over yourself & see that you & your cronies are @#?&"?!;!!!!
and we're glad that did!  #Boycott everything Trump and GOP!!!
On the contrary unprecedeted supporting ethically challenged that would have resulted in your no vote if dem. requested.
..You need to retire.For far too long,you got away treating others disrespectively.This is not how a U.S. Senator should act
Merely an attempt to obstruct GOP corruption
cont..;But it's obvious you lack the decency & respect for others.Calling fellow Senators idiots.Something is wrong w/you....
The people are insisting the Dems block/fight as hard as possible. You all work for us. We are not going away.
You blocked Garland's nomination to SCOTUS, and now you cry foul and change Senate rules to screw the Dems? #hypocrite
cont.,in office because of the people,& way too http://long.You  should be ashamed @ how you treated Judge M.G.
Where was the Respect for Judge Garland? The GOP/& you showed NO respect for Judge http://M.G.You  are a U.S. Senator
You should http://talk.You  & fellow Republicans did this to Judge M.Garland,refusing to meet w/him. Respect ? Where -
Sort of like Republicans refusing to hold hearings on Merrick Garland. Repugs are totally FOS.
It is you Republicans whose cowardice is allowing President Trump to trample on the Constitution.
Good job Sen Hatch.
that's ok old man. U gave @TheDemocrats a gift for 2018 by showing you're not above breaking rules to *stroke* Trump's ego.
NO on Betsy Devos, PLEASE. She acted way to smug and there are way better choices out there.
@TrumpSisters So they didn't opt for a vacation or sick day?
You don't think senate Republicans wrote the book on unprecedented obstruction? Unbelievable.
@debalwaystrump Demoncrats NEED JESUS! JESUS DIED FOR US TO SHOW HIS LOVE TO THE WHOLE WORLD! Grateful Heart!
That's rich coming from @SenOrrinHatch—the hypocrite who once supported Merrick Garland... & then cowered in the hallway for an entire year.
Thank you for helping our government move forward. My family & I (we're Hispanics) support you fully!
PLEASE USE THE NUCLEAR OPTION, THEY WILL NEVER RELENT!  Sen.Reid VOTED IT IN, SO USE IT, PLEASE!!  
   @aGreaterCountry
Just...but...remember...oh nevermind
2 words: Merrick Garland. Hypocritical, out of touch career politician. 40 years as a Senator? Get out.
they didn't cower! They are standing up for their beliefs and their constituents! You cower to Trump and your party! U bully!
You're the one who cowers to the alt-right-Trump machine.  Sad: you've lost all sense of dignity.  @SenOrrinHatch
Remember when Senators were respectable?  And those pesky quorums.  Why stop there?  Who needs the opposition at all...
At least they are not acting like a Bannon puppet, you? #PresidentBannon
In AMERICAN
Senility creeping in? How long did you COWARDS block hearings on SCOTUS? You can dish it out but just can't take it. #traitor
@marstraveler Good thing GOP didn't vote Os choice because he and dems agree murdering humans in womb.
. @SenOrrinHatch I double dog dare you to say another hypocritical statement like that. How easily you forget your own shitty tactics.
if by cower in the hallway you mean point out ethical problems, sure.
@marstraveler They've taken far more time off than ever governing.
@marstraveler They cower better than they can govern,  maybe cow-er-ing is best. .
how amazingly hypocritical.
I used to respect you. No more. You are a hypocrite after what your leadership did to Obama's appointments. Disgusted.
Said like a person who is about to abuse their power over others.
oh, you mean like the GOP did for the last 8 years????
NO, senator,  they were showing strength of character while you made a deal with the devil
They are not cowering. They are standing up for what the majority of U.S. voters want. Expect more of it.
I seem to recall a former president saying elections have consequences.
it didnt matter let em

you chose to trample the constitution by holding up Garland.  I'd say shame on you, but you have no shame.
You spent years obstructing the will of the American people by
not supporting Obama. You are a disgusting!
I didn't see anyone cowering.
Sulk like little kids, take away their toys! Lol
Kind of like republican senators not confirming Obama's Supreme Court nominee? Or R U the only ones allowed to do it!
you the man
respectfully how can you say this? When your party did this for years with a moderate choice?
SHAME
