Whats sad is your continued support for a @POTU is so bad with diplomacy that it could cause war.
and Merrick Garland's rating?
@SenateRPC @senorrinhatch Hopefully Hatch n Mcconnel will b voted out next elec. Th plp r so sic of these guys. Do th rite thing
I will remind you of this every single day until 2018 when all of you are able to voted out of office.
It's sad that because you're having fun playing "dictatorship", people in America will be dying and getting killed.
None of you can be trusted. Do you understand that? As long as @realDonaldTrump is POTUS,  GOP words are mud.
Confirm Gorsuch now.
no confirmation until collusion investigation done the people sick of u putting party over country
I believe Merrick Garland has great qualifications too. He needs to be next pick for SCOTUS
The complaint by most is that Judge Garland was equally qualified, so Hatch's statement is basically meaningless
Do you mean even hold hearings or meet with the nominee?  Yeah, I do.
How unpleasantly condescending
THE MAJORITY of the people you represent do not want him.  Will you continue to ignore? #wewillreplaceyou
This party does not stand for the American people. You vote for your own business interests and it's pathetic.
@SenateMajLdr ALL QUALITIES NOT POSSESSED BY SENATE REPs.  BELIEVE GORSUCH SAID REP DELAY UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
I have a dream...
That @TheDemocrats grow a pair & give him same welcome U gave to #MerrickGarland
#GorsuchHearing
since when do you guys care about actually qualifications!
So, what was wrong w/Merrick Garland who didn't claim  women were trying to "game" employers for maternity leave?
If you all had not fucked with Obama's choice this choice would have sailed thru confirmation!
.@SenateGOP @senorrinhatch What they don't measure is partisanship and personal views subtly swaying decisions. Gorsuch too far right for me
Me too! I prefer Ted Cruz for SCOTUS! 
Still prefer Ted Cruz for SCOTUS! 
didn't Judge Garland have a high rating and you said the ABA was hooey?
No, he was an abortionist, who condones murdering unborn babies! Judges must value life!
unfortunately you guys have made sure it's not about Gorsuch because of your treatment of Garland.  GOP BS
You know what. Your president and his team are in bed with Russia. Give us a break and deal with that first.
SO DOES MERRICK GARLAND U HYPOCRITES!!!!!!!!!!!!
Merritt Garland had the same rating yet you refused him thus we refuse Gorsuch!! You only obey rules that you like & not what's right---
you spelled garland wrong, again
Yeah but @realDonaldTrump professional qualifications for #SCOTUS are "great family & outstanding wife."
Hatch, your a shameless political hack who has been in congress too long! Wouldn't give Garland a vote. Hypocrite!
@senjudiciary @senorrinhatch How did Merrick Garland rate?
#republicrooks
Until #Trumprussia connection is fully investigated, no one should be confirmed for anything-especially  4 SCOTUS
Nice,saying it that way gives the feel that Garland didn't have the exact same rating lol Bro's #JesusApproves
Piece of Cake ! But, the Liberal mind set always disagrees with sensibility for the sake of negativity.
Why did you enter politics?
Lower US quality of life?
Ally Russia?
See documents Media p Scott Dworkin @funder
meaning what
You can review documents to "follow along" re Russia on media pages of Scott Dworkin @funder
Tweeting quotes by apologists for corruption & lies means nothing. You're hypocrites, not conservatives.
So did Judge Garland and you didn't even meet with him or allow a vote for confirmation.  Shame on you
But he has no conscience. That's a major problem.
Agree.. Confirm Gorsuch now-a true Constitutionalist!
if you nominate this guy can I be assured that his personal view do not conflict with his job
this the same guy who said women use maternity leave to get time off.
oh goody, another narrow minded discriminating GOP puppet
His nomination came from a liar, a cheat, and a fraud who will soon be impeached. No need for hearings right now.
Asbdid Judge Garlandnwhobwas never given the opportunity to represent himself.
didnt garland also score just as high? he also prosecuted okc bombing. shouldnt garland have had a hearing
.@SenateGOP .@senorrinhatch So did Garland.
No hearings until FBI investigation are over
We are finished with anti healthcare Oral Hatch
That is a pretty low bar for Supreme Court. Hopefully all nominees would have that.
Lots of racists, fascists, and misogynists have such qualifications. Doesn't mean we'll allow them in w/o a fight
So did Merrick Garland but he was nominated by the black president, so.... #StolenSeat
Not trying to change the subject from Trump campaign collusion with Russia are we? 
.@SenateGOP The ABA's well-qualified rating for Garland confirms that he has the highest level of professional qualifications. #SCOTUS
Prof qualification - yes. Ability to render a decision based on the law rather than personal biases ? Not so much.
First Merrick Garland!
So why do we have to sell the President out to sell him?
It was YOU that the first Judges were held up under Clinton.  As a Utah GOP Person I didn't like it then and NOW..
No, it does not. The real question, is can @senorrinhatch find a depends diaper, that does not leak around the edges! Alzheimer's sucks!
you guys really are the worst.

Gorsuch sided with Insurance Co. to DENY prenatal care to women. UNACCEPTABLE gender bias for #SCOTUS
Hatch, NO GO
we have a president who was illegitimately put in office by Putin. His nominee is illegitimate, too. #NoGorsuch
almost as good as Merrick Garland
alas under rule u created for #Garland all SCOTUS nominations must be done by next president, try again in 2021!
suspend all hearings til treasonous @realDonaldTrump  is in jail. no scotus votes
But the man who nominated him is an unadulterated liar and about to be impeached - so there's that.
Term limits would help old decrepit geezers like Orrin retire and get out of our hair. He's like 134 years old.
not till the #Trumprussia hearings are done
was the idiot who pushed do nothing Clarence Thomas onto the court
You stole a SCOTUS seat from an electoral majority so a Russian puppet administration could install an ideologue?
Yes. He'll be sure NO WOMAN EVER HAS RTC no AA has a chance in hell NO POC ever vote again! NO THANKS RACIST GOP
I think we should wait until the investigation is over to make sure our president is not a criminal 1st.
And was Merrick Garland not rated "well qualified," as well? An equally good man and excellent judge.
No! No confirmation during this time of unrest with @POTUS Gorsuch's record does not show moderate decisions.
merrick garland was qualified too
Yet he is OK with aiding and abetting the theft of a SCOTUS nomination. Hatch & Ditch McConnell = scumbag thieves
Professional qualifications aside, it doesn't mean he's the right person for the job! He's not a centrist at all!
SCOTUS is the last branch untainted by Russia. Until #TrumpRussia hearings conclude, we can't consider his nominee
Let's talk about the #ComeyHearing
unlike the president
