Support DACA and get Donald to release his tax returns.
Fix our presidential situation plz
Please Orin do not put out another album. 
Well, maybe we need people who work for a living in the Senate instead of millionaires.
Yo piano man, "I'm in NY state of mind"... impeach Trump!
Great idea. How about starting with abolishing the DoL and FLRA?
Let give the employer the right to keep your working schedule below 34 hours so they can skimp on insurance. Blame the poor not the greedy?
IMPEACHMENT of 45
IMPEACHMENT of Pence
IMPEACHMENT of Tillerson 
IMPEACHMENT of Ryan

debt ceiling
hurricane relief
no Government stoppage
Happy Labor Day Mr. President.
I agree. Pass the Equal Rights Amendment.
Good/bad or indifferent, yr service is appreciated but cong positions wer never meant to b forever. U & many need to retire. Enuff is enuff
Let's remember workers who came together, formed UNIONS and negotiated the salaries, benefits and pensions that created the middle class!
Yes sir Mr. President!
Any Republican that votes for #DACA before #Obamacare REPEAL, #TaxRelief or #BuildTheWall needs to be VOTED OUT of Congress. Period.
By strengthening unions?
Clearly you mean strengthening unions, reducing contract labor & raising the min wage. Throw in term limits & it's a deal!
Quit trying to look stately, you just look confused.
Making the playing field even more unlevel. Workers should be protected by government.
Let's make it easier for workers to unionize, gain benefit of collective bargaining. A union job lifted my father into the middle class.
I guess you never worked for a union, they aren't interested in you, they are only interested in your dues...
Unions benefit the worst workers at the expense of the best.
Forced union membership should be illegal!
So you agree that everyone who wants to be in/form a union should be allowed to, right?
If PCs and cellphones were declared illegal for use because they are unsafe in govt and banking, the problem would be fixed
So, basically, you're honoring Labor Day by attacking labor unions. Only Repubs think like that. Why not support living wages instead?
You mean the regulations that help keep workers safe and make sure they get paid a fair wage?
getting rid of worker protections next? OSHA? Overtime pay? We know you don't have any of 'us' in your thought only those rich employers
Please support a bill in congress to make #DACA law, not just an executive order.
Show us an actual plan.  I'm waiting!
So you agree that all anti-union politicians - like your entire political party - should no longer hold office? All RIGHTY then!
We need union to protect the worker
Now let's fix this outdated photograph. By several decades.
Yes, let's! How about at will employment (only benefits employers) the ability to claim religion as a reason to not provide birth control?
Please, Sen. Hatch, sponsor legislation to allow DREAMers to stay in this country, and not as a bargaining chip for a wall. -Utahn, 84047
Hatch, you're just anti-union and anti-worker. You're just a shill for big business 
This is a joke, correct?
Piano ain't labor my good binch
Agreed, need 30 hour work weeks, mid day siestas and beer on Fridays 
Why do you support cutting overtime pay, insurance, safety regulations, senator? Also, that pic is creepy as all get-out!
Happy labor day Mr Hatch.
Looking forward to you taking the presidency soon. 
#ImpeachTrump
Wait, am I the only one who didn't know Labor Day carols were a thing?
I suspect what you mean by that is gutting unions. Don't. We'd still be in sweatshops without them. (Or sucky pay like in UT)
Now lets fix the country by  getting rid of the terrorists in the WH
How about starting with a living minimum wage? Try more $ for consumers to spend on goods? Just once? I dare you.
You could have done this under President Obama, but you were determined to deny him.  You didn't hurt him, but you hurt real people.
Why do I suspect that "fixing outdated labor laws" is code for the same old attacks that labor laws have weathered since their inception?
Which of your friends needs to increase profits by stealing more from the workers?
Start with Trump's war on women and non whites!
What in the idiotic name of Moroni??????
How about impeaching the abomination in the WH first? Nothing is as important as the safety & integrity of our country.
Because I was around when Hammurabi wrote them!! #WeNeedNewIdeas
Cool pic. Will this apply to working US musicians? I won't hold my breathe.
I want to hear your ideas about what is wrong with them before I back your play.. You've been wrong about so much for so long. #RESIST45
Phantom of the Opera
People of Utah, will you please get rid of this buffoon?  Thanks.
So Hatch wants to cut unions and this is supposed to help workers?  More GOP doublespeak.
Get off the fucking piano and do it! Your @GOP horseshit talk is really starting to wear on all of us!
This guy wants to turn the clock back 70 years.
Don't fall for his BS.
#AMJoy #GOP #Collusion #union #UnionStrong #unions#UnionsMatter #dems
How about fixing our fixed election traitor president
with a living wage and health care as a right for all.
#ImpeachTrump
Pure genius post
why
Bring back unions, collective bargaining and workers rights! Orrin Hatch does not give a crap about you or your electric toy piano.
By correct them I'm assuming you mean rewrite everything in the employer's favor. Couldn't possibly be to help workers.
Senator hatch the Hammonds and the Bundys need your attention talk to Trump get them help
let's give some power back to unions
I am a Republican and I abhor this administration.  Right now I don't really trust MY party 2do the right, honorable or compassionate thing
Good day to ask Donald Trump to release his tax returns. What's hiding?
I'll trust you to advocate for organized labor the day the Mormon Church closes up shop.
Labor unions created U.S middle class & erosion of unions tracks with erosion of middle class. We need more & stronger unions.
I bet you've consulted with such pro-labor groups like Chamber of Commerce, Club for Growth,any number of Koch astroturf fronts
Translation: let's further kill off the middle-class & starve the poor and elderly. #STOPTHEGOPCON
Senator, a lot of Americans have pressing questions for you, like what is the pattern on the tie you're wearing in that pic? cc @SuperDario
UTAH JAZZ TIE?
Fixing means helping the 1 percent and Corp America cheat the workers for there profits too
"Yeah, well, it's part of a trilogy, a musical trilogy that I'm doing in D... minor, which I always find is really the saddest of all keys"
This one's called Lick My Labor 
Brava! 
I don't trust GOP to "update" our labor laws--they gave us the right to work for less laws.
GOP in Iowa took away collective bargaining for public workers.

#AMJoy #GOP #union #UnionStrong #NotMyPresident #unions #UnionsMatter #dems
@MatthewACherry This album needs a name post lol
Which side is he on? Good or bad?
GOP but he sponsored DACA bill with Democrat Dick Durbin. Overall a bad dude though.
I agree we have an out dataed social contract not delivering 4America: living wages/shared productivity gains & qualified wkers/ education
Kinda grumpy for a holiday.
Every time a Republican says he's going to "fix" something, I flinch!
Especially to do with labor laws! Look out!
"Here's a little number I learned from the Boss. It's called Jungleland and goes a little something like this..."
Solid point. We do need term limits don't we?
Please Senator Hatch, stand up to trump. He is Unfit to serve. Tweeting us into WW3. Inciting violence against Democrats, journalists. Wtf?
What's the deal with the piano?
Like the 5-day work week, minimum wage, and sick leave? #unions #LaborDay2017
But children have such nimble fingers.
"Let's" correct labor laws.  Why don't you meet with your constituents about it?
Likely our next POTUS.
Let's impeach 45
You mean like having any?
A long as you strengthen worker's rights, I'm behind you, but I don't belive you're thinking of workers on this Labor Day.
Read it. Union busting legislation.
What about comprehensive immigration first?
Sometimes I really think you have the best tweets.
attacking unions is not a good tactic senator
You have been a scourge on working people for 40 years.  Enough.
We should do the right thing & set aside 2016 election making all but @senorrinhatch illegitimate. Yuge Constitutional Crisis!!!
And leave overtime alone.
Which labor laws are outdated?
cvbn
CONSTITUTION TUESDAY 
@POTUS FOLLOW THE CONSTITUTION: 
DUE BOTH: END DACA & FUNDING FOR THE INSURANCE COMPANIES
Maybe you could just take a moment of silence in remembrance of things like Matewan and the Battle of Blair Mountain.
Please save us from heartless cruel treasonous lying putin puppets -why ruin USA? @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP complicit treason #SaveDACA
Uhm

$15 minimum wage and Medicare for all. Sick leave, PTO, Bereavement Leave.  There is your blueprint
