Who pays for your private jet ?
EXCEPT THE NATIVES. WE WILL MAKE SURE THEIR VOICES ARE IGNORED, WE WILL ACTIVELY IGNORE THEIR VOICES, AND WE WILL DESTROY THIS LAND.

You're basically the next plausible POTUS in terms of succession and you're BLOWING IT!! Traitor
Sen Orin hatch and Trump are making America are making America sick again to give super wealthy a huge tax break. Very sick. Vote Hatch out
One of many reasons I am proudly running against Hatch. It's time for a new generation! http://SingerForSenate.com  http://Facebook.com/SingerForSenate 
Gonna run roughshod over the Injuns again, eh?
As a Navajo man, I am proudly running against Hatch. It's time for a new generation! http://SingerForSenate.com  http://Facebook.com/SingerForSenate 
Good luck to you...we need to rid Utah of Hatch at next election...he's done far more harm than good especially to Native Americans
Please ! Save our nation from Trumpism. Impeach the man. He is a disgrace to our country. All of US should work together. Impeach him.
You're lies and misdirection on Bears Ears make you sound like Trump...you can't see truth because of alternate reality you created
That's because he IS like tRump...
are you receiving intelligence briefings in preparation to become #POTUS 46?

asking for the world.

#TheResistance
There really should be a limit to how many geriatric FUCKTARDS R holding office(that means You)GOP= Liars,Traitors & Thieves #TheResistance
Nobody should trust you, especially native Americans and Utahns. Retire before you are sent to jail
You mean the oil companies that you represent? The people on San Juan are against you on this!
It's all about OIL and greed with these republicans.
Is it true that you're being briefed now in preparation for you to become the new POTUS?
how much you looking to sell those mineral rights for, as the natural beauty of Utah and tribal sacred ground is destroyed?
Praying u  our country & not treasonous like Trump. Birdie told me u will be POTUS. America needs a REAL POTUS NOW!
You are as evil as Trump!You have sold out to big oil. Shame! 5 Native American tribes spent 6 years in public meetings developing the plan.
You ignore the rest of us. We want obamacare worked on! Why you bastards listen?
Undoubtedly republicans have plans to pillage the lands they are trying to remove protection from ... Republicans are trash.
That's why I am proudly running against Hatch. It's time for a new generation! http://SingerForSenate.com  http://Facebook.com/SingerForSenate 
Go ahead, keep the OBAMACARE individual mandate, you SOB, I'll vote DEMOCRAT for the rest of my life!!! REPEAL EVERY WORD OF OBAMACARE!!!
#CounterfeitOpioidsMedicationsLacedWithDeadlyChemicalWeaponsFentanylsCarfentanils
POTUS BLUE PRINT:No pardons,roll things back sociallywork with Dems to amend ACA,rebuild infrastructure&be the "who knew he'd unify guy"
"When you're listening to one, but ignoring the voice of a 1000, there's something clearly wrong” -Moroni Benally
Stamped: Smilen=) I approve!  Let's do this President Hatch. Let's unite & clean up our country.
Awww just watched the video. You seem like a good man.  Maybe add some Hispanics in the video bc San Juan sounds Spanish.
Sit down, Old Man.  You don't listen, your opinions are archaic, you are no longer representing the People, and you've lost your filter.
So taxpayers on the "dole". Invite Utah people how you on dole contributions health professionals, health care, insurance co. Drug co.
I am from San Juan. County and apologize to Natives Americans ... And retire!  Now!
Sorry Staffers; the voice of local San Juan Co. residents is not as important as the American public when it comes to fate of PUBLIC land
You're leaving out the Indians who you are ignoring
#StandWithBearsEars- keep ALEC's influence out of the decision on what will happen to OUR public lands.
Is Senator Hatch a descendant of an interracial union?  He appears to be darker than other Republican men.
But you will let the Native tribes be ignored right
Who paid for your trip down there?
Senator Hatch, WHY DID YOU VOTE AGAINST TRUMP RELEASING HIS TAXES? INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN OUR DEMOCRACY?
The self congratulations never stop while you tirelessly work to sell off our state to polluters and do irreparable damage! hoo-ray for you!
San Juan Country by way of Canadian and Texas oil companies. Stop failing Utah, #StandWithBearsEars #GrandStaircase #mymonuments
What a joke! You met with oil &gas barons and do their bidding, You don't care about natives.. retire already!
This is embarrassing. You only represent those you chose to, this is NOT the majority of Utahns and you and your lackeys know that
Well said
Thank you Senator
LONG DONG SILVER!
Restructure of tax reform is necessary do not pass bill

Good! Because 95% of those people want the national monument! Thank god a godless man finally found reason!
You mean you could have done something every other time?  RETIRE
This is disgusting.
Did you watch the video?
Indian land, not for politicians profit.
Odd statement, perhaps acknowledging that you have repeatedly ignored your own constituents by not working harder to protect public lands?
Maybe YOU & the few thousand residents of SJ County can make up 4the multi-mil $ loss of tax revenue from the Outdoor Retailer Show! #pander
Utah's economy is strong. We can do without a bunch of out of state jerks who want to turn Utah land into their personal playground.
Really? You going to pony up the cash? FYI, others are moving their conventions. GOP rules, on fun, are starting to take a toll.
Utah has a healthy economy. i,e, the Big 5 tourism promotion that is doing great. We do not need out of staters making Ut their playground.
how ironic don't want out of state tourism money-  then promote big 5 promotion which is bringing in out of state tourism
I kind of agree with him, completely cutting yourself off from others is extremely viable. Look at how well North Korea is doing. Prosperity
You mean those two families that you and Chris Stewart pretend are the majority? Pan that camera shot out to a wider angle.
Of course they won't be ignored. We can just buy their browsing histories from their ISPs and see what they're up to.
Right, you only ignore people whose world views differ from your own.  Such as a large group of your unfortunate "constituents".
