That is insurance company's greed not problem with aca
She can use her insurance. Who's stopping her?  She probably didn't have any before the ACA. She's a liar.
You must repeal. 7 years & no deal is not acceptable.
Do something about it and get the vote
Meet my brother who is alive today because of Obamacare. Cancer sucks!
Will you being a roll call for your repeal victims by printing their obituary...
What s bunch of liars! Next they gonna say they can cut your taxes......oh snap!
WI didn't expand Medicaid.
Oh please, stop the lies.... GOP plan is way worse.  Single payer now!!
What the Republicans are doing here is disgraceful & dishonest. They want to take $800 billion out of your Medicare & give it to the top 5%.
You guys are liars.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Do you even look at feedback you're getting? Open your eyes & listen to what people are telling u. #FixACA!
Hey, @SenateGOP, here is one of the many 'victims' you are letting down by now repealing Obamacare.
We are all now victims of one thing: the cowardice of the GOP we elected to fix things. Shame!
#FakeNews
So get your heads out of your asses and work across the aisle like good boys and girls, And try to put your heads together to improve ACA.
Poor Julie. If GOP honored their commitments to #ACA & not sabotaged it, her premiums would be lower. #GOP, you only have yourself to blame
Julie needs an adviser. Health insurance cost you $6,000 a year & your employer $6,000 plus your $5,000 deductible & it covers most costs.
Repeal Obamacare! Repeal only! Keep government out of health insurance
Yeah and you're really making things better by making deals that suit donors, hospitals & I surface companies aren't you?
Shut up and do something about it.
WE MUST REPEAL BECAUSE THE ACA IS OBAMAS! WHO CARES IF IT WORKS GREAT FOR 70% OF THE COUNTRY!
I'm sure she will be thrilled to pay even more to get even less under your atrocious plan so the wealthy can get yet another tax break!
Small business owner here ACA is the only reason we stay in business it works great
I'm seeing a lot of these ACA "horror stories" coming out of republican run states that chose not to expand Medicaid.
Most of these people would be much better off w/ universal health insurance.
Anyone who ran for Congress promising to vote to repeal Obamacare, but now refuses to do so, should be voted out of office in 2018.
ACA gave me the freedom to start TWO companies in California, where the system works.
And guess which party will never see another campaign donation from me or my companies?
On November 8th we voted for a full repeal of Obamacare. Keep your promise!
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DE960j_UQAE699m?format=jpg …
More liberal crap.
And, I said full repeal. I never said anything about replacing.
Read the fine print u make too much money, shit happens.
Victims are all over do u GOPs get your act together and do something about it.
What a sorry lot! Do nothing congress! What a freaking joke! We need new representatives!
These cases are far and few between! So stop trying to brainwash the people you are supposed to be representing...
PLEEEASE!Stop trying 2 convince us that ANYTHING U say will be good 4 Americans!UR whole agenda is about UR own asses & UR donors' welfare!
I just heard 1 of UR peers on MSNBC lie through his teeth about why they s/repeal w/o replace being good 4 the USA!Her employees covered?
Why don't show the millions of people benefit by the obamacare?
Time to fix Obamacare.
Now she has "victimized" again by Sen. McConnell's ZERO leadership. 7 years & nothing.
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/18/15987252/obamacare-repeal-working-mcconnell … Facts don't agree gang.
What did she have before?I know my insurance premiums started to skyrocket more than 15years ago.Each year increased until only HMO possible
So what are you useless f**ks gonna do about it. I know. Nothing

When you all wake up to fact your prez is an idiot hiding in wolf clothing. You all fail if your choice = do nothing. Nothing is a choice.
Keep your promise and straight up Repeal!
the present senate republicans best start looking for another job. You WILL be voted out. #draintheswamp
Thanks to the weak GOP she will continue to be a victim. What a bunch of pathetic losers the GOP has.

Wow. Well where is #Repeal. Stop dealing w lobbyists and WORK for those who elected you to #repealobamacare
Republicans. We know Obamacare doesn't work but you guys can't solve it after 7 years. Shame on you. Get your crap together or say bye 2018
#GOP Statement:

The reason our MAJORITY can't pass #Trumpcare is cause it's the #Democrats fault.

Same reason Trump's team Colluded.
Until people like Collins Capito  and Portman are voted out of the GOP not getting a dime from me again!
So they are working for a single payer system
Tell me one thing in the Republican Tax cut that will help this woman obtain insurance.
Work with @SenateDems to fix the problems!!! You have not done this at all, just leaving people to suffer when YOU caused the suffering!!!!
Because to the GOP, 32 million Americans without coverage is better than 22 million? #TrumpCareKills #TrumpCareVictims 
Bet she lives in a Republican run state where her own governor allowed insurance to run rampant to prove Obamacare ain't working.
Quit running these, you jokers. You are the most impotent group of humans around. #Rhetoricrats #gutlessrepublicans @POTUS
what happened to the clean repeal? you sent over 3 bills to obama and none to the CON MAN trump that would sign it immediately!
Sorry the politicians are worried about the 22 million who get it for free and not the 365 Billion that have to do without to pay for it
This is what happens when GOOD people pay their fair share and irresponsible people who don't are rewarded END entitlements for breeding
lol girl bye. Let's hope you don't get pregnant because it's it's under a pre existing condition that isn't covered
They are not victims but actors. If u read the bill and plan. Your premiums is based on Income. Your state insurance commissioner played u
Looking forward to the GOPCare Victims series, when millions with NO HEALTHCARE (but who pay for yours) get interviewed.
People. Read. Read. Premiums is based on family income. Your state insurance commission approved raise of Insurance  it was your State
Medicare for all would save her the most money.
All by Insurance companies in Republican states skyrocket.  Where is the EO signature of Obama That insurance can not raise premuims
7+ years and you can't get it done. Your failure has been noted by the entire world. You are the party of obstruction, not governance.
Meet the rest of America that wants Obamacare fixed not replaced,Trump and McConnell are so racist,hurting America is not fixing the problem
Did this business owner ever read the ACA? Did she speak with her rep to discuss why the GOP wouldn't fund the ACA?
Earth to Julie-healthcare is expensive.  We have all been living in an alt. reality with low patient costs in this country.  Get used to it
Would be glad to meet with Julie and get real story. I live just 30 miles from her.
My husband is a small business owner and our premiums did not skyrocket. Clearly, her problem is not Obamacare.
Why show this when you all care more of a vacation with pay then doing a great job. Ryan,Mitch,McCann and those moderates, need to go.
What we need to do is get rid of all of Obamacare.  Repeal don't replace
You all just lost a long time voter because of your broken promises.  Progressive politics from both sides = idiocy.  Get your damn job done
This is right-wing propaganda, they know they've lost and now all they want to do is repeal Obamacare without replacement.
#REPUBLICANSFORACA PRAISE to Senators who followed their hearts! Never forget Vets, children and adults with disabilities
Why would TrumpCare be different than Obamacare? Is the a deal with Big Ins Big Pharma Big Medical if there is have not seen that.
Meet #45 a hater, a liar and a Traitor in the Oval Office.
So, Senate GOP, what did Julie have BEFORE "suffering" under ACA?  And how is YOUR solution going to make it all better?
There are a few lies in her statement.
Obviously you don't read our think about  your replies because you just keep dishing the pablum.
ACA works HSS reports it is working. It worked forme. No ACA repeal No ACA sabotage.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy & all GOP Rep trying repeal & lies
Sorry Julie.  GOP has lied to you. They sabotaged ACA & will take it.  Hello bankruptcies.    FU GOP-go down in flames.
How about using this energy to help poor people, create jobs, make world peace and help our veterans
Julie is a victim of #GOP propaganda. Don't be fooled by these fools!
you have had YEARS to come up with a solid plan to help your constituents. You haven't. You can't or don't care to. #ObamaCare
The #BCRA is dead! #FixACA
BS, do not repeal ACA and not replace it with anything, just fix ACA and  do not take healthcare away from Americans we are watching
Just changing the structure will do little. Profit taking at every level is out of control and that needs addressing.
Well why didn't Trump do nothing besides grab pussy?wtf
Meet the people trying to trash the USA, the GOP. #TreasonWeasels
It's Over the people have http://spoken.Gop  is Corporate Greed
Kill the filibuster!
It sounds like she wants Universal Health Care. That is not the way capitalism works. Health care is a right, not a privilege..
She can already buy the  cheap insurance the GOP is selling. They're called Minimum Essential Coverage(MEC).
But nobody wants MECs except cynical Employers
Please meet the kids with cancer that your gonna screw over
OK, there's Julie and the pastor from Texas. What else you got?
Marketing 101: create community of sad sacks by sabotaging their healthcare, then create propaganda using them to sell your shit bill
This is pure propaganda & anti-American, you should live up to your election promises or get out of office. A failure to USA!
You can thank Rep for that bashed ACA so much never developed a big enough pool
How about all leg have to take the same plan with whatever changes they make
You all suck at governing
funny doesn't mention what the deductible amount is.  How about u wk those issues instead of killing Medicaid and kick 22 million off ins
DJT & GOP has sabotaged the ACA with lies and negative propaganda & defunding. FIX ACA
Please why can't she use it
fix Obamacare make it good for all Americans ,do your job before midterms are here !!
@POTUS @VP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP better not even think about offering to the people - your employers - any health plan NOT EQUAL to yours!
We need to control provider greed on pricing vs trying to control it through insurance.
What do you guys do? So much time wasted w/no results! You have healthcare & get paid for life. Taking from Americans & let them do without.
Thank you, I am 64 and buy my own insur. And have pre-existing existing conditions
Boooo Republicans Suckkkkkkk!
You're Trumpcare marketing campaign is pathetic. Much more obnoxious than effective. There's only so much bullshit one can absorb.
Quite possibly time to leave the party and vote for people that will get it done and work for the people
ALL LIES! Senate NOR Congress give a shit about US American ppl. We now NEED 2 take more matters in2 our hands! THEY ONLY CARE ABOUT THEM!
No you are not working to get it done.  If you were it would be done.  Get with it or get voted out.
Meet Julie. Another American, victim of the GOP and their drive to destroy the American dream.
Why do feel like a victim of your propaganda and dishonesty.  You drive me further from your party.  These people GOP obstruction victims
This is not fantasy Star Trek  The I e senator does not out weigh the many who represent mullions. Paul And Collins get in or get out senate
Sorry. Your bill is dead.
Meet Americans....all of use are a victim of Obummer care. Do something cowards. That is why we elected/reelected you. We will replace you.
GOP NEEDS TO GET ITS ACT TOGETHER AND GET RID OF OBAMACARE. EXPECT MUCH WORSE FALLOUT FROM FAILURE TO ACT THAN IF YOU ACT. DO IT NOW PLEASE!
As a long time GOP voter since Barry Goldwater I have one message. Get your damn act together and rid us of Obamacare so we can get tax done
You're trying to pass a massive tax cut for the rich, financed by cutting healthcare programs, & calling it a healthcare bill. Get serious.
You guys talked for 7 years about repealing Obamacare just #repealobamacare
Oh come on staffers, you can do better than this.  No matter how bad the ACA is, a tax cut for millionaires as part of healthcare is worse

Sorry for what you're going through. Health insurance must be fixed. We'd ALL be better off if our reps would work together and FIX ACA
.@realDonaldTrump @gop yuppers -put CONgress on obamacare and it would get fixed last week. Rs and Ds are playing Americans for stupid ppl
Can you answer this 1 thing:
Those that NEED it to live can give you 10 stories for each one of yours
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL. Go back to free market insurance with open state lines to sell it
Too bad the Republicans don't have the courage to do what needs to be done. A full repeal of Obamacare.  The GOP has sold us out literally.
Stop with the "bad Obama" crap. We know it's broken... so fix it! What is your plan to cover Everyone as @realDonaldTrump promised???
FAKE NEWS
No specifics here.  Fake news.
And we all victims of this R congress.
You're selling scare tactics that are all lies. This has nothing to do with Obamacare instead has to do with the actual cost of health care
As a grandmother Julie should be aware that the AARP opposes this bill specifically because it harms 50+ ppl @JeffFlake @lisamurkowski
If she's an OC victim why, without making me fund her HC, will she not be a victim of TC. Is she a victim of OC or her own bad decisions.
https://t.co/VerLG1buWR?ssr=true
So get your act together when McCain gets back and pass it.   PASS IT!
Cancelled a surgery I really need this week cause I didn't have 26,000 to pay for it. And I have insurance!  Not good obviously
Obamacare saves lives. Fix it.
So then get it done! Now! Don't miss the opportunity! The Dems will not back down so STEP UP and get it done! #MAGA
You were voted into office to fix problems, not just tell us about them.And certainly not to make them worse.
7% of insureds are negatively impacted by ACA, suggests it is in the best interest of the country to plan a 7% Solution?
Why do you keep re-running the same ones? Aren't there more "victims"?
victims are those who will be murdered by GOP if bill passes
Noise
Get rid of all of it
Sorry, Julie, if you're "real," or an actress.  We know Obamacare must be revised + expanded.  And we need Paul Ryan's health coverage.
If you allow Trump to give back those 2 spy compounds and repeal Russian sanctions you are a traitor and American voters will not forget!!!
How about the 150 Russian agents 2 be granted access 2 USA, after his meeting w/Putin?I only read about it then,not heard about it since!
Julie will be truly victimized when the GOP non healthcare bill is passed. NO healthcare is far worse than any problem she faces now.
In the basement of my grade school during the 60's we held regular Russian atomic bomb drills.  Strengthen and protect Russian sanctions!
This is why we must fix this insurance
When your supporters have no insurance for mental health, opioid addiction, & basic care, this is what will happen.
Liars,liars
maybe the GOP should use some of the $7.8 TRILLION in planned tax cuts for the super wealthy for healthcare fix
I'm glad the @SenateGOP has time to tweet this now how bout pass a hcare bill like you promised!!!! #Republicrats
Just wait Julie. They will really go up now.
fake propogada
How does your plan help her?
We know, we talk to our neighbors; fix this problem no more talk just DO IT !! My fear, what happens if Dems take over goodbye America.
Meet Debbie, an Obamacare success story. Got laid off, no job no ins. Ocare w/subsidy made it affordable. Now on disability/Medicaid thru O.
