false allegations?!? You are joking, right?
and to answer your call for "facts":  no. I'm not gonna stfu bc you want me to waste my time finding stuff on the google 4 u
ah yes-- I was hoping to discuss my morals w/ a guy who just called me a skank on twitter at 5am bc we have diff opinions
you know how I know you're old? You are offended by the word "fucking"
Thank God  & please...pray rumors of Alex Jones/Infowars being in with press corp is false.Stop Trump...it's now or never.
We agree with you Senator Please stand firm.
@alaskarebel "bannon" is just another name for "donald j. Trump"
are you going to call out his other picks?
Thank you, Sen. Brown!
@scoutinfinity thank you!  We need more like you in Ohio
thank you, Senator!
so you don't support his $1 Trillion infrastructure plan. Sen, Dems lost white Ohio voters.  Care to explain that?
I am one of your constituents from Maineville, Oh and I wholeheartedly stand with you against Bannon's appointment.
Thank you for representing me and taking a stand on this!
You should really get facts before issuing a false statement. You just lost all credibility. Fact check first!
Guess you missed letter from Republican Jewish Coalition.  Ooops
I'm not one of your constituents but thank you for your strong stance and eloquent words against Bannon.
Thank you senator.
Thank you!
.@SenSherrodBrown Can you please do something about the @Browns while you are at it??
Went to your site to ask you to do this the other day. Was glad to see you beat me to the punch. Thanks.
Thank you for doing this!!
Thank you, Senator Brown.
Thank you for speaking out about Bannon's bigotry!
thank you for this!
But he needs Bannon to rig 2020 election and bring Ivanka to power in 2024. #crassroveknockoff
Thank you for standing up against white nationalism!
what happened to working together?
Time to bring our country together. I am ready to get to work for all Ohioans. Read my full statement.-SB https://www.brown.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/brown-statement-on-election-results …
you are up for re-election in Ohio in 2018. @realDonaldTrump won OH. Prepare for a fight.
have you ever met Steve Bannon?
Thank you, Sen. Brown! Keep them honest!
thank you!!

if thats the standard then it should apply to trump himself & every surrogate his children and any1 else that stood by him
Thank you4clearly stating  the truth!We have to stand together! We must Preserve & Protect America&American Values!
Thank you! - Cincinnati Voter
@http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/11/15/was-steve-bannon-donald-trump-s-attack-dog-paid-illegally.html
wish I could be as proud of my senators (MO) as I am of you. Thank you for being a voice of reason!
THANK YOU, SB!
Why weren't you speaking out when @SenatorReid  was lying about @MittRomney  tax returns?
#NoBannon!!

TRUMP IS A TRAITOR!!

@esquire
@MeLovesMLE @SenSherrodBrown @esquire Trump is guilty of treason but there are NO CONSEQUENCES. #NoJustice.
Great job on point tonight. #truth
this is the right thing to do! We support you!
thank you Senator. You're speaking for us.
@robportman @MikeTurnerOH Please stand with Sen Brown against the appointment of Bannon to White House staff. #noHate
Thank you Senator Brown!!! We appreciate your stand.
Thank you for renouncing the appointment of Bannon. I know I speak for millions when I say this
thank you  for speaking up about this offensive choice We need strong ppl in the white house during these unsure times
Thank u4 ur work! This dis vet is ready 2help through these troubled times, send out volunteer info & what we can do2 help
thank you!
favoring the slaughtering of the unborn makes you worse and fawning over a degenerate rapper nullified your opinion
we love you for this!
Thank you!

The presidency is the only office where you can get more votes & still lose. It's time to end the Electoral College. http://bit.ly/2fRVBgh 
@TheRealTRizzo @CaseyKulas @MattFontana83 @JRCherry3 need to have @SenSherrodBrown on show tomorrow. Can't have a racist this close to prez.
thank you so much for speaking out against hate and racism
thank you
Thank you, Senator. I was getting ready to give you a call about this very issue. You're a good man.
Really? Hillary would have put just as bad if not worse in if she had won. Worry about the positions you get to approve.
Thank you, Senator Brown, for taking such an important stand against Steve Bannon.
Thank you Senator Brown!!!! Don't stop fighting.
Thank you for standing up for reason and morality in asking for Bannon's removal. He should not in the White House.
THERE IT IS! Thank you, Senator!
Thank You! Now onto addressing Donald trumps conflicts of interest too.
You da man
, I called your office in Cleveland and left a voice mail about this today. Thank you for listening to your constituents!
Please do not let This Administration Normalize Bannon
would you like some cheese with that wine Id be job hunting if I were you sir. #draintheswamp @TomiLahren @Harlan #libtards
do you play the sad trombone?
please keep fighting against the potential corruption of the presidency, Senator. Don't let up. Stay woke.
thank you
Please get with other like minded politicians and save our country from Trump and his racist cabinet members.
thank you
Hold @SenateDems + @GOP Hearings...JFK, RFK + Barry Goldwater did.

How deep are @realDonaldTrump's Mafia relationships?
thanks Senator! Called your office about this one this morning, love the quick turnaround! Thanks for representing me!
Thank you Senator Brown! 
FBI report: Anti-Muslim hate crimes in America up 67 percent in 2015
thank you....
thank you! From one Ohioan to another.
can't wait till 2018
you sure you don't want to be head of the DNC? #SherrodBrown2020
.. Great senator!
thank you.  Looking forward to the law offices of Brown - Booker in 2020.
, @senrobportman should do the same.
from all of the sane people in Ohio, thank you!!!
Thank you Senator!
so proud that you have stood up to denounce the appointment of #SteveBannon as WH strategist. Thank you!
Thank you!
it's time for your medication...
Thanks Sherrod!
.@SenSherrodBrown This is good. Please keep pushing back, on everything. We need you to be vigilant.
why don't you give this a chance before passing judgment. You have no idea how or if this will work yet, at least try.
Thank you Senator Brown. I urge you to encourage @robportman to do the same.
Thank you, Senator Brown!
Again, Senator Brown, thank you for being the voice of reason.
Thank you. I'm glad to know I have at least one elected official who represents my views.
Thank you, Senator Brown!
you also think Jake Arrietta is on steroids, so....
this seriously deserves some type of irrelevance award 
