don't be fooled over this. It's all about gun control not safety. If it was they would do something about Chicago.
i have no  desire for revenge. i desire to help build up the good in this world  despite what all the violent people are doing.
good luck with what? not being a fan of violence?  pouring gasoline on fire makes the fire BIGGER so it's not the answer.
make it a felony to be associated in any manner with a terrorist group so terrorist can not purchase guns.
BLOOD on the hands of the GOP & NRA.

Secret Memo Details Muslim Brotherhood Plot to 'Destroy America from Within.' 
https://amp.twimg.com/v/fce126eb-13b5-4469-a871-190129551a2e … … …
@POTUS @BarackObama So ISIS isn't contained, traitor!
possible known terrorist is allowed to get gun permit. Who is the blame put on for allowing this?
@louvice What spine this man possess. We are witness to maybe the greatest president in centuries.

~Orlando don't want @BarackObama' feigned sympathy, he has EVERYTHING to do w/HOW a #muslim was able to do this evil https://twitter.com/thehill/status/742520921114697728 …
keep up the good work and thanks for 8 good years would like to meet you in person!
12-29-1890 our gov. Murdered 297 unarmed Indians. Our largest mass shooting in America. By our gov. not terrorist. Keep your gun
How about just saying that ANY attack on ANYONE is wrong?
Fucking American jingoistic bullshit.
@jessicaalba Obama y do you give us president Muhammad buhari in Nigeria?  Have you seen the killings going on in Nigeria
@NichiVendola ma non è vero, perché mentite a voi stessi ?
Ask the American Indians how gun confiscation worked out for them with our Government?
, why so much hatration for Americans the white race who always help to backward and developed countries, growth of technology
@IndiaToday  @solomonbrett   Creating a safer world for the LGBTI community, online and off - Access Now https://www.accessnow.org/safer-world-lgbti-orlando-digital-security/ …
Maybe the government need to introspect why these always happened.
. But lilil. CG 7)9?!.h 
N..g . thinking uj 
gohuu LCI taillights
@HumanRtsV awesome job Mr President!!
@AModelsMom2011 Sick to death of this if we can't fix everything let's do nothing crap. BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS NOW!!!!
Stupid potus,THE GUN DOES NOT KILL PPL!!!!!PPL KILL PPL!!! IfTerrorists want long guns,They will get long guns!U Won't Stop THEM
:The Qur'an implores Muslims to kill gays.
@HumanRtsV worst speech ever.
Rochas backs Fulani, approves Imo State grazing bill----Vanguard http://dlvr.it/LYDZ1Y 
жах  тераріст---шкода   такіх   пустилі  до  США  ......
@PennyPritzker Yes, it was a horrible tragedy. I pray for the families. My deepest condolences.
Among other news from women's rights, cancer, and Science ..
Since all the USA Major News Networks cut their podcasts I've been out of extreme weather news and other civil rights issues
@NichiVendola LA SINISTRA E I LIBERALI SONO COLPEVOLI. DIFENDONO L'ISLAM INVECE DEGLI OMOSESSUALI.
Enough of your usual crap of distraction, Mr. President.
https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2016/06/13/2373 
Radical Islam IS a violent bigoted supremacist political theology. Cut the distraction. Name the enemy and destroy him.
you are so un-connected you have destroyed this country and should leave office immediately 7 months are to long you are lost!!!
you are lost and are protecting Islamic terrorist claiming guns are the problem , you  son of a bitch guns don't kill people do!
@POTUS Time to start spouting how taking away the public's right to bear arms will solve the terrorists that you let in problem!
This is playing into your plans, u keep pushing this on us until we react, then u can declare Martial Law, then no election.
Americans go back to God. Retain God in your knowledge, flee sin.Romans 1:28.God bless Americans
What happened in Orlando was unspeakably awful.
How many wedding guests in Yemen have been blown apart by drone strikes?
You sure this isn't work place violence?  Or maybe a video is responsible for this mass murder. Guns are the problem? No U R.
I think they know that. Who writes this nonsense? Like they give a hoot.
the humanship a rainbow build of raindrops and sunshine be hard but gentle
Mr. President I have high respects for you. But action of these things have to be taken on these events and quickly.
@realDonaldTrump #EmpathyRocks #sympathies
Please, bring back Brady. At least limit capacity. It won't stop it, but it would improve the chances of survival.
@halimlounnas2
@POTUS you're not the #potus you're the #pos
When are you going to mention the Piketon Massacre... they don't get a fair chance to grieved for than these people?
that's nice... so what do you do about it... other than say that it is bad... we need solutions... not identifying the obvious
Obama's moment of truth occurred today, one that was painfully obvious, and he couldn't call it Islamic terror. HE IS SO WEAK.
, even if he pledged to ISIS, etc., this is more than religious terrorism, this is a hate crime. Pass Anti-Discrimination laws.
Hey Dopey, this was an attack on ONE distinct group NOT all of us, by a son of the President of Afghanistan who supports Taliban
@LangaMahesh A reply to those who say Orlando killing was by an Islamist?
THIS ATTACK WAS DONE BY A "RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST" WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT! PULL YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR ASS AND GET REAL
releasing terrorists is an attack on US too
sadly indeed about the gay bar shooting. 50 dead 53 injuried. Now he is admitting that america has a problem
#CIAENECUADOR @usembassy_quito @CesarRicaurte3 @janethinostroza @tinocotania @gustavolarreac
Si no es la CIA, ni las "hermanas de la caridad", ¿quién pone la plata? http://ln.is/eltelegrafo.com.ec/A9YTU … vía @el_telegrafo
@WhiteHouse
.. One for all. !!!!!.sincerely yours with love mark Anthony.
So then, Mr. president, Islam is attacking us. Deal with Islam in order to protect us and fulfill your oath.
At the center of of mass shooting equation seem to be high powered weapons & ease of obtaining ....Till that changes? #Orlando
@marmarnovoa the FBI had him and let him go , big mistake. Isis will pay as soon as we get a real president. #PrayForOrlando
I'll just go & get a tally on how many Aus security guards have easy access 2 high powered assault rifles.....That can't b RIGHT
@SenSherrodBrown Sen. Brown, I have always admired u but there is NO place 4 politics n Am.Sec. Clinton owes her soul 2 for.govt
@jessicaalba it's an attack on humanity and we should not stand for it #Orlando
well said Mr President!  I do hope the American government and people of America in force a more strict gun law.
https://www.facebook.com/stevencrowderofficial/posts/10154101268961163 …
"Radical Islamic Terrorist"
My thoughts are with the victims and their families
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.HYPOCRITE.PRAYERS TO LGBT IN ORLANDO..OBAMA CAN'T PROTECT U.S.
ALL TALK NO ACTION..YOUR WEAK AND INEFFECTIVE..RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM..TERRORISTS  ARE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY HATERS
And those that attach Americans should remain in jail and not freed like Obama frees terrorists
this world order of being good to everyone and apologizing for us being a world power has sent a message that we are weak.
your weak president , and our enemies know it.
@folioweekly ....and?
@USWomen2016 the most intuitive Commander In Chief, a stallion with Grace in handling our country. With much respect.
maybe if we stop PC talk and call this what it is we can address the issue.
#Ban Muslims, that is the solution to ending these terrorist attacks.
Right...
Yes make sure you direct your attention at the federal government. They are the cause of all of our attacks. God Have Mercy
its disgusting the President spoke policy, it dishonors the victims to use their deaths, injuries & pain to promote policy
@WhiteHouse
@WhiteHouse
@WhiteHouse
@WhiteHouse
this is a failure to protect and server. Where is accountability?
the other thing is lets Fear the God that all.
for sure the future of America is up to American themselves and people of America are ready to claim that victory.
America a country which has high life expectance with good hospital best Doctors am sad that only guns kill alot of people
@BarackObama @POTUS #OrlandoNightclubShooting Heartbreaking.
may we know why we accept so many Muslim immigrants from Afghanistan like this one, thus giving them our citizenship? – at Capital Hilton
Because we are one, under one sun, but most of all we are under one God who created us.
right coating Mr Obama in Ghana"the world will be what we make of it" end of coating let make world a better place to live
@Potus..do not expect to use this as a gun grab..America is arming heavily because of YOU OBAMA...GO LIVE IN A MUSLIM COUNTRY
if proper gun controll could be establish in All Africa could be at peace Middel east could be in peace.
ya think ?? Enough ! Time to get tough! time for Trump !
Strong action is order of the day Mr President, to prevent any further such mad terrorist things
when are you going to call it Islamic terrorism??? That's what it is!!
few lesson from Africa which are either positive or negative.
Only in America a civillian can own a Machine gun, AK 47 yes we do agree that America is world monitor but they can learn
I like to surport Mr Obama in his Gun controll law that will regulate that the guns can not fall on bad hands
of course. The main thing is that an attack by a Muslim isn't an attack by religion. It's about the guns, people!
