and what steps you take to find out. Don't let us down. Country not Party loyalty!
thank you sir. We are VERY concerned citizens. PLEASE speak with  @robportman. Let him know that Ohioans are concerned.
enjoy your limited time as senator..go to work!
Leaks are violation of federal law. Depending on what is leaked, leaks can be treason.

If an elected official breaks the law, puts our country at risk, and uses "illegal leaks" as a defense, that's treason
real problem is the leaking intelligence.
You undermind our security by allowing illegals and terrorist into our country, not to mention 20Trillion debt!!!!!
Thank you for continuing to press for a real investigation.
thank you Senator Brown for your continued voice of reason and efforts!
Yes. And everyone in on it or who covered it up or minimized it is going down. Hear that you #BagOfDicks @SpeakerRyan ?
leaks r cries 4help!! Trump judgment horrible.. incapable of job..cannot lead, read, or comprehend!! Impeach. Save USA
@WrightTownsend No whether -fact. And AG Sessions connected to Russia cuz Carter Page. Independent prosecutor
The people are not going to forget or get distracted.  Keep fighting the good fight!  @senrobportman Will you join in?
The clever Russians even hid state of WI from HRC and tricked her into never campaigning there
Haha! Good one!
thank u senator. Now try telling @senrobportman he still puts party ahead of coubtry
they're BOTH issues that need to be investigated. The leaks and the Russian ties.
I don't trust GOP to investigate/not cover up. If they won't allow independent investigation, they must be hiding something
The real truth  is that u demsenators have lost your mind. You all are unhinged & have no credibility. So grow up
you mean like 30,000 emails on a private server?
Trump is all smoke and mirrors. Snake oil salesman.
We can talk about this all day. What can we DO? 25th Amendment, Section 4. Please try.
Just replace Deep Throat with the press!
The press you knew is obsolete. They can't control the message, anymore. We live in interesting times.
The ties already have undermined both intitiutions, and it's only getting worse. Almost everyone w/Trump have Russian ties
I wonder how many secrets we have left that haven't been given to Russia at this point.
Not many if we keep going the way we are. I've written letters, made calls. The WH is not listening any.
Yes issue needs full investigation.  Tax return disclosure also. His news conf. just a distraction.  #resist
Exactly. How are we calling for investigation of these security issues?
What the real issue is you won,t help get jobs for Ohioans.
missed you at the WH supporting the coal miners. Another boycott?
,yes! Now please demand immediate independent investigation before mr trump goes ballistic. Literally.
Jeff Sessions needs to recuse himself from the investigation.
stay strong
@tal_avi Why don't you comment about today's Wikileaks release? claims CIA infiltrated French National Elections in 2012.
Thank you for keeping us on task!
I thank you for trying to keep this in th forefront
that is so true.  We, the people, want an independent investigation!
@realDonaldTrump @jasoninthehouse @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @PRyan Better do the investigations
It's up to you to stay on this and find the truth.
make it happen Sherrod, we're counting on you. We need an independent inquiry.
please keep pressing for some attachment to reality and the real world.  We are on the brink of true psychosis
Yes. Thank you. Stay on this & do not be deterred. We have your back.
You are a fool
please keep pressing
Thank you, Sen. Brown!
Well said. This all needs to be investigated. We want answers!
@jasoninthehouse @SenJohnMcCain Absolutely MUST have an independent investigation ASAP.  #russiagate
when will we see some action on this by Congress?
We need to quit talking and do the investigation.  If the republicans won't do it, then just let the voters know.
I hope this isn't lost in his smoke storm to try and shift focus on leaking. If it wasn't leaked Flynn would still be in.
get to the bottom of it!!!
Thank you for having a backbone. Please DEMAND an independent investigation.
Thank you
This man is criminally INSANE. Please find a way to stop him before the entire planet pays for his crazy! PLEASE #heissick
Amen. That press conference was INSANITY at its worst!
time to investigate this BIGLY!
same thing was said about the dnc hacks but the MSM focused on the distraction not the real issue
yep! Just like w Obama's professed "flexibility" to those Russians before reelection
With all due respect, it DOES and HAS undermined both! This "president" and minions are traitors. #impeachandimprison
is that your official response to the @DNC leads during the election?
Correction: CLASSIFIED Leaks are a Federal crime unless you are HRC
With all due respect, #Senator, #gettowork!
Where were you when Hilary made millions off "donations" Russia and Middle Eastcountries with arms deals as Sec of State?
you Sir should look at our state of affairs and let my beloved president get down to business  you Sir will not get my vote
the real issue is that he is batshit crazy. Can't the GOP's see that?
you still getting your talking points from bho or Hillary? Maybe whoopie?
absolutely start the investigation keep on the republicans don't let them sweep it under the rug
2018 can not come fast enough
agree. Calling @senrobportman & @RepJimRenacci BUT Not listening. We need independent commission and 45's tax returns @GOP
plus if there leaking to the paper what countries are they leaking to Einstein.
really your arrange and lack of understanding is mind blowing to me
really question is why does the news media kiss the Democratic parties ass
don't back down on this. Clearly there are Russian ties. His taxes will prove it
Please, get to the bottom regardless of Trump's attempt to distract us.
Thank you for keeping on task and doing your best to provide us with the type of government we want.
kind of like when Obama asked for flexibility from Russia after his reelection was over
thank you senator. I'm one of your constituent and I agree completely.
.@SenSherrodBrown Agree, but after today's WH press conference, isn't the fundamental issue the stability of our democracy?
thanks for all the work you are doing for your constituents!  #appreciated
.  I hate to say it, but his mental stability is a threat to our security.  He must be impeached!
Thank you for being my Senator and looking out for the common citizen
exactly @OfficialCBC @AprilDRyan @senate
got that right Senator
Thank you for saying out loud. We the People know it and we are happy to hear that the Senate does too.
Please fight to investigate and keep Sessions out! And I, too, would love to see your name on the 2020 ballot!
You guys better gear up to make sure there's an inquiry, a non-partisan one, which will get to the truth!
Exactly!
well said. Consider a run in 2020 please!
I don't hate Senator Brown, hell I voted for him, but I'd prefer someone more progressive to run.
He was 1 of the ppl with @SenSchumer who shamed Bernie for criticizing other Dems. We need policy loyalty, not party
fair. My biggest hope is that we have a large field to choose from. We need dialect of ideas for sure.
