Why didn't you make the same speech when Obama would attack/criticize someone from #FOXNews? ....Oh because it wasn't in your best interest.
Gotta be consistent that's all I'm saying. Not saying Trumps tweet or comment was appropriate. You need to be consistent in your battles
Republicans aren't afraid of saying when the POTUS is out of line. Why can't Dems have the same integrity when their party is in power?
But the press has the right to bash and insult and personally attack our president makes no sense to me
They are not journalists. At best they are activists, at worst, they are Communists being used by Globalist Elite to enslave Americans for $
Honey take a pill and settle down now.
Yes, take a pill given to me by the Globalists to muck up my mind so I cannot think for myself and become a subserviet money slave.
yes please cause what you buying on the corner isn't working.
Why are you encouraging slavery? Are you truly a confederate?
@realDonaldTrump is an immoral liar & a traitor.  He must be removed from office before he causes irrepprable damage to the US & the world
Bullschittle
personal attacks on americans by their president is unacceptable.who needs a travel ban, we have a terrorist living in the white house.
Is it journalist job to make false accusations and attack Potus' family?? If you can't take it then don't dish it out. #Pathetic
They are not personal Brown, they are collective to a group of fake news specialists.  You should be included in fake politics.
Personal attacks on the @POTUS are unacceptable! No other Pres in our history has been treated so poorly as @realDonaldTrump by press!
Personal attacks on the President is   unacceptable Sherrod Brown
But personal attacks on the President is acceptable?  One was elected, the others are just paid shills for billionaires' new's properties.
Please continue to stand up for what is right. We are watching your decisions & words & will vote accordingly. Your peers have lost my vote.
Thank you 
and so aren't personal attacks on potus, his family and the office. have some balls and say that too.
This job is reserved for journalists only.
Thank you for all you do.  Proud to call you our Senator from Ohio!
I agree and where the freedom of speech and expession nowdays
Personal attacks period are unacceptable from the president.But notice how DT's face froze in the ugly expressions he practiced as a child?
You are seriously impressing me! Great job!
you only got 16 more months and @JoshMandelOhio  will have your seat
Lets be honest here. There has been rampant abuse of this freedom for quite some time. This freedom should be used responsibly and it isn't
Tweet away @realDonaldTrump Tweet away! The losers are getting exactly what they deserve. WeThePeople are behind you 1000%!
In that case personal attacks on anyone s unacceptable. Jounalists, politicians, Economist, mystics..
Thank you so much for standing up for the fourth estate!
Trump attacks all of us when he attacks the press violently.  We cannot allow brown shirts to come again
What about unwarranted attacks on the President, does it work that way? Why were they in Mar i lago together?
Personal attacks by journalists are unacceptable. Dont agree with @POTUS' tweet but @MSNBC must rein in @morningmika, @Morning_Joe & others.
B.S. It is about time you got some of your own medicine. You lost our trust during the Marxist reign of Barry Obama's admin. Stop whining!!
So are personal attacks on the @POTUS !
But on the POTUS it's OK? Get real.
Oh yeah sit down shut up
Completely acceptable as they have spent the last 2 decades earning a living doing the exact same thing to others.
Well......................
Couldn't agree more!
So personal attacks on the president, his children and Americans are exceptable?
Thank you, Mr. Senator for speaking out!  #IMPEACH45NOW
Personal attacks by journalist are unacceptable.  You agree?
Say it to his face, or don't say it at all. He's a regular bully who backs down face to face
The fact remains that America has the worst healthcare policies of all the western industrialized nations. Hint?
the should actually try being a journalist then journalist have been unacceptable
How about personal attacks on the president?
But personal attacks on Trump a-ok. You reap what you sow
Today heard elected progressive Democrats and elected conservadems defend journalists and the institution  #mapoli
It's ok for Journalist to bash the POTUS, but cry & whine when he hits back? Give Me A Break! You wussy w/ a P, Senator's need new careers 
Thank You @SenSherrodBrown !!!
A personal attack on anyone is unacceptable. By the President? Abhorrent. Mortifying. Thank you @SenSherrodBrown 4 using your powers 4 good.
I think calling Mica & Joe "journalists" is unacceptable
He forgot to mention the reporter that was assaulted by a politician who got slap on the wrist after breaking the reporter's nose & glasses
But that basically all he does.
But if a journalists personally attacks a Republican.... you kick your feet up and laugh!  Give me a break, Sherrod.
I gather you approve of Trump's tweets this morning?
Didn't read them my friend. I have been working like a dog all day. Just getting caught up now.
You've seemed to be pretty active on Twitter all day. Can't play dumb to Trump's tweets. It's all a distraction from him anyway.
Yes they are! Also violating the Constitution, but he's all but wiped his ass with that piece of paper! Big news should sue his ass!
Thank you again Senator Brown! You are a class act.
As are on the president and his family.
Then they need to do there job right not spew misinformation like they do.  The more u speak. The people our seeing u need voted out.
@realDonaldTrump Are personal attacks by a president ever acceptable, regardless of who the target is?
He attacks anyone who criticizes him. He is a bully.
Thank you for your service to Ohioans! Knowing right from wrong is half the battle!
So you are defending their gutter attacks on the President and First Family. HYPOCRITE.  Can't wait until you are OUT in 2018.
Where has our freedom of the press gone?
And by "unacceptable" you mean "required GOP talking points"?
Have you heard this clown Trump at the energy meeting? All he did was to point fingers at the press pool and to complain about lying? Him?
Then maybe journalists should maintain their journalistic integrity and report unbiasedly like we all expect them to
But systematic under certain circumstances in some places...
He should be our next President.
So your telling me bad repoters giving FAKE news lieing without checking out the facts is OK? Shame on YOU Senator your part of the problem!
Invoke the 25th amendment. #25th #UnfitToServe
Thank you AGAIN Senator Brown. Respect.
Please get that dangerous village idiot out of our WH
but the President is fair game?
Yes.

Part of being the president is being critiqued by the whole of the country. We are his boss, not the other way around.
free country. anyone can critique anyone. media is trash
But personal attacks on President  is acceptable. WTF is wrong with your base! Unhinged socialist at best ! Your on big loop!Russians!SORRY
Correction Sherrod: Personal attacks on anyone are unacceptable. He is using the Office of the President in a manner never authorized.
That's exactly what he is doing,needs to be removed from office sooner than later!He's violated so many people, laws,& constitutional rights
@MatthewRezab

why though? like its 2017 idgaf and you shouldnt either.
Find journalists being attacked and I'll agree.  Your profession is infested with activists. A fatal disease for a "truth peddling" industry
He must have gone to the "Harry Reid School of Rambling and BS"
More needs to be said. And --- LOUDLY
Why? They seem to attack everyone else. Even Democrats
Why? Really?

They're doing their jobs. 
He refuses to do his. He's too worried for his ego and his wallet. Only 2 things he cares about.
I want more. Words are empty.
Thanks for the timely comments and tweet. Proud I voted for you!
Thank you!
@CoryBooker Accept Joe and Mika aren't journalist. All violent attacks on Congress from Dems are unacceptable also.
We have to cope with this abnormality while trying hard not to make it the norm.
They personally attack Trump and his family & you're mad he fights back? #DemExit
Trump could be a brutal tyrant
He would be if not for the stops we have in place. Just ask Comey.
Notice how he saves the vulgarities for female journalists only? He's too much of a coward to talk like that to men. Bully to the Core
Well said.
Personal attacks on politicians n army is acceptable ? Freedom of expression only for journalist ? Wonderful
Absolutely!
Thank you sir. Ohio resident here. Please keep fighting.
Interesting that there is such outrage by the repubs about insulting a woman's looks but not about WEATHCARE killing people.
About time somebody stood up for real journalists
Thank you and for this and for all that you do.
Thank you Senator for standing up for simple human decency, the press and our First Amendment rights.
Personal attacks on any person is very unbecoming from a person holding office of the President of the United States!
The current administration is a disgrace to America.
It should be vice a versa also ..
Mika is the furthest thing from a journalist you could find.  The is a person who aimlessly wants to destroy our democracy
He's such a disgusting pig. #45MustGO
Thank you #SenSherrodBrown. It does frighten me that POTUS is trying to destroy free press. All Presidents have been criticized by press.
Thank you for your comments on supporting the press.  He is so embarrassing...
I Agree with Sherrod Brown! He tells the Truth
I can't wait until 2018 to vote you out.
Do we all have to go down in the slime pit with our president? @potus @senrobportman
45 showed himself campaigning, publicly disgraced handicap, women, minorities, it should've stopped then. #resist
Not when they are lying.
Happy to say that I voted for you, Senator.
It also counts a cyber bullyong. Melania???
Thanks for standing up to the biggest bully this country has seen!!
@ShekharGupta An excellent defense of Journalists
@senrobportman what say you? #disinfoweek
Thank you for speaking up.
Thanks for being a politician we can be proud. Always a class act.
Thank you, Senator, for your stand. You are once again leading when your R counterpart, @senrobportman , fears to do so.
You're a fine example for our children to admire Senator Brown.  So happy to hear you speak for Ohio!
Run in 2020 please
You are THE BEST! I called @senrobportman & @RepSteveStivers abt it today. I'm so thankful we have a senator that does the right thing. TY
So you and your Democrat friends are going to stop the politics of personal destruction?
What are you talking about? Do you have examples? Specifics?
We had to suffer through two weeks straight of "two scoops of ice cream"
Thank you Senator Brown.
So we'll said sir especially in light of Trumps tweet about Mika today.
Please report the abusive tweet to the Twitter police.  His account should be suspended.
It's everyone's choice to answer!
really?
So proud you are my Senator! Will campaign to keep you there!!
Thank you! When will it end?
As long as he is POTUS, probably never.  Btw love @SenSherrodBrown
I appreciate all that you stand for and do to help us in Ohio and the US. Thank you!
Thank you, Senator. You have my support.
Proud to call you MY Senator
Thank you so much for speaking up!
Thank you for actually representing your voters
I wouldn't classify Joe & Mica as journos but this is excellent Free Our Press
And #InComesGianforte!!
Thank you, @SenSherrodBrown! Trump Admin is all about whining & saying things are unfair—like they're 6-yr-olds! Cheers to our free press!
So thankful for him. People like him are necessary to combat Portman's BS.
You are so right on this totally unacceptable behavior by anyone, let alone the Pres. DJT only knows one way to deal with ppl: bullying.
Trump never suffers any consequences for his actions
Consequences for putting American first! Where are you from, Russia? Dems started all the Russian crap and now it's turning on them.
Thank you for representing us in Ohio Mr senator
Did they comment on looks? or character?
... got any plans for 2020?
Thank you for speaking up on this issue!
money doesn't mean class as we see with 45.
Are personal attacks on the president from journalists acceptable ? It goes both ways
