He said alot more than that...
More of a strategy than we've had in 8 years. You don't announce what A strategy is it alerts the enemy.  Leave it to the experts.
Oh, but allowing illegal aliens to stay in the USA and suck off the tax payers is a clear win for our country??
Then study that situation and advise him clearly, oh and ugh denounce the hateful violent anarchists on your side now anarchist-IWW& antifa
As they do when they return but the GOP is opposed to aiding our war fighters. They see them only as cannon fodder.
Anything you or the #dems say is only a distraction to avoid talking anything about the economy @SenSherrodBrown focus on workers would you?
True, but arbitrary time tables are dangerous
To win is the ultimate goal that you liberals don't seem to understand.
How will we know when we have won?
If you have a loved one in the military you want them to win not play games with are men and women if there sent let them fight
Hell of a lot better the Obama did.  You never commented on how bad he did.  That showed the public it is only political comment.
If Trump said your last name was Brown you'd disagree, something like,  "my ancestry is German,  so it's really Braun". Obstructionist!
Thanks, SenatorB., for always raising the bar.
then impeach 45 and a new SANE commander in chief not under Putin's influence to kill US Troops can call the shots (pun intended)
He's not going to share military strategy publicly ya dingbat.
When did we not ever have a commitment to win? That's insulting to our fighting men and women.
Go away Brown, your opinion is insignificant.
So, what is your solution, hero?
@SherrodBrown  is not an obstructionist.   This statement is pure pragmatism.   If there is a "plan,"  our representatives need to know.
Nice if our Military had the MONEY to do what it needs. The Secret Service is out of money. Trump says, Sue me. Don't do that to our troops.
We have poured TRILLIONS of dollars into Afghanistan for the last sixteen years.  What the military needs is an OBJECTIVE.
What was your pal Obama's result over the last 8 years?  What is your solution?
He has no solutions except to bitch whine and complain. Another leftist soon to loose his seat
Just watch as a real leader takes charge!!
Thank you, sir!

#TrumpResign
"A commitment to win" because we haven't been trying to win for the last 16 years?
Win WHAT exactly?  Have we ever been told??
Now there you go asking for details from the President. We should just "trust"him!
Backseat POTUSs are no less annoying than backseat drivers.  Dems are not getting reelected.
Don't bet your bippy! !!
If he keeps up with the hate rhetoric that Hillary used and lost with I'm not worried about my bippy
Honey as a woman you need to always be worried about your bippy! !!!!
I'm still waiting for someone to tell me what we get if we "win"? Are there prizes?
Please run in #election2020
President Trump is committted. A far better leader than Obamacare!!! You are pitiful Sherrod!!!
I guess we should go back the oBama strategy that had been working so well.
The troops know the plan. Because the President understands OPSEC, the enemy doesn't.  Simple.
Exactly! Someone needs to tell me what winning looks like, and I'm not being ironic. Define winning then we'll talk.
This is the fallacy in @realDonaldTrump's plans for anything: he has no plans. None. His whole strategy is to "win". This isn't sustainable.
I stand in awe of you,  since you obviously have access to the inner circles to know what the generals and Trump talked about.
Your commitment to obstruct is not a clear strategy?  What is your solution?  Your silence will be your answer?  Please let your voters know
Since trump criticized Obamacare for 8 years on every policy or political decision, he should outline more than just a "win"
It's not a strategy. Duh!  It's a goal!  We don't discuss strategy in public. That's for generals in war rooms.
Exactly!!!!!!!
No need to read any other replies.
Trump has no strategy or plan for ANYTHING. He's just stripping the country for parts.
How is the American ppl, @gop and @TheDemocrats going to keep checks on him if he won't disclose what's happening? This is  telling us to
But if he's not specific, then he can blame his generals later
Then start asking for solid objectives in Afghanistan from both Trump and the military!!  It seems that we NEVER have had an objective!
Too bad you were not the crooks running mate, would have lost worse. Stop the negativity and come up with a plan. You were sent there to d
The government of Afghanistan disagrees with your assessment.  @POTUS won Ohio by 9 points.
More detailed statement, welcoming @realDonaldTrump announcement of a new policy towards Afghanistan and the region. 
There is no diplomatic corps left trump trump Tillerson has purged them
@marcylauren 
Tic-tac-toe
Wasn't that what the computer had to learn to understand the futility of war
#NoWarGames
When politicians lead the charge on the ground we'll see less conflicts 
@Brimshack      No way in hell can you "win" in Afghanistan! Just more blood! For what? Help you out in the polls?  WTFU!
he's sending innocent people to kill an die as a #distraction from his incompetence/failures this is disgusting #V #FUCKTRUMP #FUCKRACISM
#Sherrod2020
And we should have let Japan know when and where we were going to use the A-bomb which ended WWII. No coach gives a team’s strategy. Stop it
That's our fine @POTUS who claimed he loved war during his campaign.  Ironic reversal from his criticism of Obama don't u think?
And this is exactly why Democrats are having a hard time. They have no idea what winning is. Yes, winning a war is a strategy..
Sheesh, you never let the enemy know what we're doing, unlike the past administrations.. wake up sir, silence saves soldiers lives
Apparently the ambassador of Afghanistan disagrees with you.
Afghan Amb to US on new US strategy: "This is the first time a focus has been on what Afghanistan must have to succeed & we are grateful" https://twitter.com/hmohib/status/899826314328383488 …
After the USSR left Afghan in the late 80s the US should have gone in as a humanitarian mission to help rebuild, we create our own problems
What's your plan?
It may be a practice run for North Korea. Not defending it; just thinking about other rationales.
I support Senator Sherrod 
Well at least we have commitment to win, unlike the last 8 years. Don't worry I won't vote for an Obstructionist democrat like you anymore!
Throw Trump and his children over Afghanistan..his circus, his clown
And here is a US Senator saying this is not good enough - yet no where in statement is your solution. What a worthless govt body.
Our Sons , daughters, father's, husbands and wife's are going to die because of his ego and nothing more..!!!
Publish goals, but NEVER military strategy! Lives have been lost because others (Rep & Dem) told the world specific plans, dates, & #s.
Another official statement.
I agree with you!

cant wait to vote you out in 2018
Do your job, Senator. You hold the $$$. Don't appropriate.
Sounds a little Vietnamish.
It's meaningless talk.
Like 99.9% of everything out of his mouth....
In engineering they talk about the 5 nines: .99999 Trump's at that level of vacuity.
Wow! Are Dems STUPID like you?

What did u expect? Trump saying that he'll transfer power to Afghanistan in December 12th, 2018 at 1:32 pm?
He's not going to show his hand!  What part don't you understand?  He's not BHO, he doesn't warn the enemy! He listens to his generals.
No need to repeat BHO mistakes like pulling out of Mosul and Aleppo. DJT said he changed his stance once talking things over with DOD/Gens
Let me repeat Sen Brown no need to spread your  Hate and bias @POTUS  will provide details of his plan to military personnel like my son
Thank you Sen. Sherrod Brown for sharing our troops deserve more unfortunately war is profitable too.
Hater
#MAGA
16 years is far too long. Congress must rescind AUMF. End this F'ing war!
That's why they call Afghanistan "the graveyard of empires".
The man has no strategy,brains or sense about what he's doing.
Likewise, a commitment to "kill terrorists" does not seem like the sort of goal that will lead the world to a better place.
"That's not a plan. That's a wish list."
I'm sure the field commanders will spread the strategy when the cameras are off.
Senator you have accomplished NOTHING and you have the gall to complain about the president.  All you have done is resist
Does he need 2 announce exactly what his plans are? Guess it's good for the enemy 2 have a heads up.
Please senator, with your vast military experience, enlighten us with your strategy. I'm sure Jim Mattis would love to hear
Have you considered that a clear exit strategy maybe above your paygrade? Unlike Obama, he is not revealing plans to the enemy.
We do NOT exchange our troops lives to fill 45's BANK ACCOUNT!

#Resist #TrumpRussia #unhackthevote
Senator you know why we are at this fork in the road, BHO make a campaign promise that the world is paying a trouble price for.
Go to work,you have not done much lately!
What was Obama's plan? Let Trump do his thing
As apposed to Obama strategy of pin pricking the enemy until they get to sore to fight back.
Them.Unlike Obama who instituted ridiculous rules of engagement.My friends and brother died because of Obama's rules of engagement!!!!!
Can you be anymore of a partisan hack?Is it possible?They have more already.They have a Commander in Chief that understands and respects
Where you been last eight years!?!??
Saying pretty much the same thing. Try using the Internet, you can find lots of old speeches and statements.
This coming from a man who has never bothered to serve his country! I guess it was below him! Keep your opinions to yourself Senator!
You are a clown brown, you don't tell the enemy your strategy. Didn't you learn from BHO?
@mintptnj @MintPressNews @doublr_r @dubyas @WTIUSA @CBSEveningNews #discuss #vaccineswork #justwars @JustinianSports @ColiseumSC @ThisIsRnB
Senator until you slide into a uniform, lace up a pair of combat boots and spend time defending your country! We don't want your opinion!
We don't want Trump either!#!
Out of Afghanistan.
Did you not hear "Obliterate"? WOOSIFICATION of our MILITARY MEN,  is over !!  They will have the authority to fight
and WIN!!   .@POTUS
Why the change in position in the past year?
#ToddlerInChief strategy in #Afghanistan - unending war,  where we flush  more of our troops down the drain for NOTHING but #impotus ego.
Trump and his base are completely paranoid and scared to death of Issis, and Muslims period..He will not get rid of them ...
The stupidity is astounding! I can't watch him, I'll puke! My heart hurts for my country Senator. He's unfit to sit in the Oval Office!
Neither can I. I went for a long drive. Hurts my heart to hear, see,or even think he's the president of the greatest country in the world.
With all due respect: love ya ... mean it.
You need to go back and listen again.  You're completely wrong.
So, what's your solution?
Our troops should just leave and come home and those here should refuse to go. Enough already.
Our troops have sworn an oath to protect and defend this country into will be the lawful orders of the president.
I agree
Absolutely. Tonight's speech did nothing to let the American people know what the policy is. A patchwork of unconnected declaratives.
#TrumpResign
That is all the orange asshat is all about - 'WINNING'.  He is am overgrown child!!
Sen. You were not listening. Someone like you hear but never listen. To address Pakistan is new in 16 years of this war. Gen.s input. Good
We have already seen what happens to his committees.  End this cruel joke on this nation, rally enough Congressional support in both houses.
Does Trump even know what "winning" means in this?
we don't have an ambassador in Afghanistan?
Why is the senate sitting by as our govt is so hobbled?
is there a FEMA director?
WTH man?
senate doesn't appoint - just consent. you know the rules. 
aye that i do..
senate could press for appointments to be made.
and yes i know lapdog repugs control both..
time trump get gopobamatreatment
Taliban live in region & cannot b rooted out. Afghanistan is their homeland & US is an invader. Unwinnable war not worth more US lives lost.
thank you sir
It wouldn't matter what he said, you'd put your lib mind-altered spin on it. We gotta get you out as Ohio's senator, you are Maxine. PUKE!
By God's Grace @POTUS way of dealing with this willsucceed. Do you want him to give all the details like before?SUPPORT @POTUS for a change
Just like his Make America Great Again: no specifics.
As apposed to (I'm with her) lmao. Ok
