We will not let Washington politicians with taxpayer-funded retirement accounts steal from workers. -SB
you didn't seem to care about pension raids back in 2009 to fund some of your spending sprees when you were in control of govt #hypocrite
Thank you Sherrod. My husband doesn't need to lose his retirement that he work 40-60 hours for every week at Nickles Bakery in Lima.
Save our 401k's
Such political bullshit it is taxed at your choice traditional or IRA. There's no such talk even the article doesn't say that.
Just a new plan to pay for dons wall!
Please LEAD! Not just Resist! Belief is tax cuts grow economy. More than "never works" words, need a "Here's why", & alternative to support.
Sherrod laid out specific plans months ago.
Thank you for sharing. I drafted thoughts on the   policy specifics, sent to your info email and Senator Brown's info email. Hope helpful!
I agree w/ @Jim_Jordan that tax cuts should not have to be "revenue neutral" https://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/21/gop-tax-cuts-shouldnt-be-revenue-neutral-house-freedom-caucus-jordan.html …
That right that is your money the tax payers are too stupid to spend it like you would.Might cut into your slush fund
Sherrod-how about the suffering middle class and small business owners you're supposed to be protecting? What's your agenda?
It defeats the purpose of 401's.
You mean liberal democrat Dodd-Frank screwing away housing prices & Fu@king over America wasn't enough? Let it go, you can only fu@k it up.
Get tax cuts done along with repeal and replace!
Oh and btw #TaxationIsTheft
Keep fighting the good fight. You and senator warren are protecting our interests.
I have more words, but they'd get me suspended. This is outrageous and should be protested with every ounce of energy the resistance has.
you need to restructure you 401 K if you can .. go into Greed Industry away from Oil Pharma and War profiteers. Folks leave petro dollar
Sherrod, the tax code is outdated as you are. Get with the program, or get the hell out. We need leaders, not anchors. MAGA! 
I have three words for this: 
NO. FUCKING. WAY. 
Sorry for the swears...
Hell no #GOP
after 401k, they'll destroy housing prices by taking away mortgage interest write-off.  This is how Paul Ryan gets 1 pg income tax form!
Senator, why do you post such nonsense?  Have you forgotten Ms. Nancy eyeing other people's money?
Hell, no is a masterpiece of understatement.
Oh Hell NO
Thank you, Senator. I am proud to have voted for you before we moved out of state.
Thank you
Hell no is right, Senator. We need to stop these arrogant liars. We have to do all we can to inform the voters with what the GOP is doing.
must not of read the article stop listening to this lunatic he is a socialist he thinks Venezuela is what we should be
Can we get a "hell no" on the wall too?
When 401(k) dollars are taken out, they are taxed!
Uh, then, what exactly does income tax do? How is that not stealing from workers?
Great! Remove the incentive people have to save for retirement. There are plenty of other deductions to eliminate that don't hurt mid class.
Thank you, Senator!
Damn straight!
At least one Ohio Senator cares about his constituents. Thank you!
Thank you for watching out for Ohio's blue collar workers!
This is how the middle class saves for retirement.
you already pay taxes on a 401k read the article
That's the answer we want to hear.
Well said!!
@SenSherrodBrown Cleveland has your back since you have ours. UR seat WILL be safe against #mandeltheworm
Please cite actual policies Mr. Brown sponsored that made your life better.
Quit paying out billions to refugees and #careerwelfare AND you @SenSherrodBrown not exempt, extortion #AHA! @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Why pay to get our money back, that is extortion.
Argeed. Omg no!!!
Hands off our hard earned savings @gop
1. Top 1% don't need a tax cut. 2. Tax religious institutions. 3. Remove hospitals tax exempt status. Boom. Cuts taken care of.
How many wealthy people hold 401k's? If they did this tax idea wouldn't happen see where I am going with this.
Thank you Sherrod.
No
Senator Brown, you are the best!  You were like hell to the no!  Thank you!
What other breaks for ordinary citizens is the GOP plotting to rescind--home mortgage, state and local taxes?
#2018
That's right Senator Brown you got that right!!!!!
Outrageously un-American for low income workers saving for retirement. What are you going to do? Dems don't control House /Senate /WH
No no no 
If GOP passes 401(k) plans it will diminish overall capital in markets and incentivize individuals to not save for retirement. #Trumpnomics
Senator, my 83 yr old mother would still wash my mouth out if I wrote what I felt about that action. Maybe my hands too.
Real Q: would @TheDemocrats support taxing 401(k) if $ went to fund 401(k)s of low income workers?
GOP can cut taxes by having local gov. run there schools & jails. Invest in Community colleges. Ask RNs like me what we see as wasteful!
