Gorsuch puts corps over workers, polluters over communities, Wall St over working families & special interest $ over grassroots activists.
Merrick Garland waited 293 days for a hearing. PLEASE REMEMBER WHAT IS RIGHT, convince others, ask Connie...
I am hoping you will emphasize this make him explain it in layman's' terms, and let him know his judgement is questionable.
I'm more concerned about the CIA hacking our phones, computers, cars and TV's where do you stand? #Vault7 #WikiLeaks
you are planning to vote your conscience, correct?  Let's not run the country based on fear of senate rule changes...
thank you for standing up for the rights of American people. Gorsuch would not make a good Supreme Court justice.
means that CONGRESS needs to re-write that shit!  Make it air-tight!  (not that Gorsuch is a good choice, but still).
it means he's a criminal paving the way for criminals. Please stop Dems from caving!
It seems that "We The People" is now "We the corporations." You must make people believe that it is We The People that is our government.
It means you should filibuster him, especially since #45 is under such a dark cloud of illegitimacy.
it means corporations have free speech
it means he followed the law and applied case law going back over 100 years.#obstructionist.
I believe that Gorsuch and other judges have looked to congressional definitions not their own beliefs. See Dictionary Act.
Sen.  Please vote to confirm Gorsuch.

Thank you
SCOTUS rule N #BuckleyvValeo was not intent of consent & dissent opn. Took #shark Oligarchs 2 spook semantics. #USNavyWave
means he's somebody we don't want.
I thought strict constitutionalist had a thing against reading new life into the constitution.  Corps. not alive were good.
It means he should not be on the Supreme Court
The American people do not want him as a Supreme Court justice
@InSpiteOfTrump It means he is human and susceptible to idiotic thought processes! Worse decision EVER for USA. Horrible
It means you vote NO!
It means the people are now totally powerless, as the politicians/oligarchy needn't even feign interest in the common man.
Must be fake news
maybe it's like the "Kids are people too" shtick from the 80's.
it means he's unfit for the high court, and he's another shill for BigBiz
They have free speech rights, religious liberty rights, anonymous donor rights. I have lost my civil rights 2 corporations.
No confirmation vote until Trump administration cleared of Russian ties!
we're screwed
He is pro-business!
it means he doesnt seem to care about actual people and corporations arr more important. vote against him please
and please vote against him. Thank you.
it means he doesn't understand what it is to be human. Another #clueless ideologue.
Meh. Don't spend ur political capital on a losing battle. Yes It's a stolen seat but the time to protest that has past.
Yes Gorsuch is conservative but after watching today's hearings he seems like he would stand up 2 the POTUS & we need that
it means nothing good for we the people.
No, no, a thousand times, no.
Such a ridiculous philosophy; people can be held accountable, a corporation can just dissolve.
it means he's evil and should be stopped
It means he doesn't rule in the best interests of actual american people.
well the laws you put in place force him.  The end is coming.  You make the laws.
#doesnotsoundgood! 
It means you should vote against his nomination.
Beyond time, the Dems  need to grow some balls!!!!!!
@SenateDems #NoSeatForGorsuch Vote no 2 end Debate on Nomination, Filibuster and if all else fails Vote NO on nomination.
we're watching you, Mr. Brown, and we all hope you don't confirm him. We'd hate to see you lose your comfy gig.
He shouldn't even be considered on the merits. Stolen seat!!
I'm sure it means bad news for the middle class.
It means he is intellectually grossly mistaken.
I think he be a fair Justice. Someone who doesn't make law but interprets it from the constitution.
it means the people who run these corps have the same rights as sole proprietors.
Good question.  Will he support repeal of Citizens United?
They have feelings to dammit!
please do not confirm!
#ITMFA
that he is owned by big business and corporate America.
I voted for the Dem ticket but I truly like Gorsuch. He is honest unlike Trump. He deserves a seat on SCOTUS.
seat should remain vacant until investigation into treasonous POTUS is complete
What does it mean when you take money from corporations? Hypocrite!Quit blocking and do your job I pay you for!Confirm him!
Unions, like corporations, aren't persons either. Unions should be limited as well.  Right, Sen. Brown?
it means that he has followed the precedent that jurisprudence has given us. Stare decisis is a mainstay of Am. Jus. System
For so many reasons, this guy cannot be confirmed
it means they have the right to influence elections in ways actual people can't.
YOU HAVE GOT TO FIGHT FOR US !!!
That he would have been comfortable in 1770s Britain, where #Corporate reach into Gov't was wide & deep.
SCOTUS needs PAUSE; the prez is under criminal investigation. This is an illegitimate pick
I am counting on you to absolutely not confirm
It means he isn't the Supreme Court justice a nation of the people, and by the people needs
it means we're in trouble
means big trouble for reasonable-thinking people
@carmenvellon @SenSherrodBrown Between corporations and robots, humans are losing out. Not a Luddite, but there comes a point...
