Republicans have all left hearing room as most Democrats remain listening to protestors shouting 
Thank you 
Thanks for letting us know that you hear us.
Thankful you are representing the people and not the lobbyists!
120%. Behind you Senator Brown.
Right here is the distinction between the two parties. One listens, one walks out.
Dems walked out of #Benghazi hearings before families of the brave Americans MURDERED got to speak. Dems listen to issues they can exploit.
6 of the 24 Republicans where there. 2 Democrats where there too.
You're right. Guess only difference is Dems never cared about getting to the truth for #Benghazi victims families & called it a witch hunt.
Where was the Republicans outcry when W. Bush was prez? 60 people died at US Embassys under Bush.

http://www.politifact.com/embassyattacks/ 
Idk & I'm not a Republican but I guess it's b/c we know what happened during those attacks. Obama/Hillary/Rice lied to cover up #Benghazi.
While administration did not handle the fast escalating attack perfectly there isn't any evidence of anything sinister. Just poorly handed.
Poorly handled? We have the best military on the planet & some who were w/in distance of assisting but were told to STAND DOWN #EpicFailure
In a nutshell that is the problem.
Listen to this! You’re getting voted out @JoshMandelOhio leads in Ohio polls #Veterans
Thank you for standing up to fight for health care.  It is too bad @senrobportman doesn't appear to care about our healthcare.
Republicans are cowards. They show us that day after day after day.
Ah LISTENING is the highest of arts!
Can return BIG dividends...
endorse single payer
Endorse medicare for all
Never trust closed door deliberations that exclude other political parties.
Thank you, Senator!
Any chance you can talk some sense into your colleague @senrobportman ??
Where is @senrobportman & why is he tweeting about anything but this?
Those are my thoughts exactly!
Yeah, but what are you going to do about it. You democrats had your chance and blew. Now let the republicans blow it.
Listen to this, please: The people need Medicare for all.
Senator Brown, Too many mentally ill people are going to prison. I have Bipolar disorder. They need to let my people Go! No one seems to !

Just donated to ur campaign, Senator. How about running for POTUS next time around?
because they hear the people's pain they are all that's left to help you ,not even the speaker of the house cares about the people sad
If you could please talk some sense/humanity into the other OH senator that would be much appreciated. #thanks
Where can I send a email letter.making a plea for my Husband's life on the ACA
#Termlimits
Thank you Senator Brown for caring about real people!
please tell Sen Portman to answer his phone. Been calling for days!
Thank you, @SenSherrodBrown . You are THE BEST.
Thank you.
ACA is the starting line, 100% insured, truly universal coverage is the finish line. Don't stop until that line is reached!
Thank you for caring about us!
Thank you!
Deep six Graham Cassidy
Thank You Senator Brown!  Keep standing up for the patients and healthcare workers this terrible bill puts at risk!
Thank you!
@senrobportman where are you?
As my senator, I am shocked that you would endorse shouting in this forum
Shame on the Republicans to not listening to constituents and fellow Americans!!!!
Thank you for your service, Senator Brown.  Keep fighting, we are with you.
Many Tax payers can't afford Obamacare, how is any of this fair to the people footing the cost Senator. Convince me!
Then its not dems or obama
Keep working the room Sherrod; you need the votes.
Let trump n republicans have there way. After 4 yrs of it there dead
Repeal ACA.
GOP Senators don't have the courage to look the people, who will be impacted by their cruel "healthcare" plan, in the eye.  #GrahamCassidy
YES!!!!
Please listen to the middle class - we pay the bills
#NoRepeal #SaveACA! Americans need #Healthcare4All!
Bc that's the definition of "Representative"
Yes sheeps, I am shouting, SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!
#ProudtobeaDemocrat
Your "listening" has done NOTHING for your #DelphiSalariedRetirees constituents since 2009! Speak up HYPOCRITE! https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
A shame you couldn't be bothered to listen to all who lost their plans and doctors thanks to ACA. You cheered as you took those plans.
Curious if you're listening why people with disabilities were being drug out for speaking? Will you voice your opposition to such tactics?

All the Republicans have left. That's telling.
Defend ACA and get on board with Medicare For All, please and thank you Sherrod
Medicaid expansion was never intended for its current misuse! This is why it's broke and can't be fixed. Should have never been allowed!
How so? And your solution for caring for the poor and disabled is...?
#ADAPTandRESIST #ADAPTandRESIST
Good. Push out the Russian collaborators in the Legislative and Executive bodies. Thank you.
you always do, Sen. and we thank you.
Have you been able to discern any logical reason for this to go through, other than the GOP wants to erase Obama from history?
Thank you Senator Brown!!!
Thank you.
I can't be there but I'm screaming all the way from #Missouri ! #GrahamCassidyNO   (and YES on #MedicareForAll)
Thank you. Can Democrats gather in the halls of Dirksen or outside and hold some impromptu town halls?
Paid killers don't want to hear the dying scream of their prey.
2018 Midterms  !
OFA at work making sure protestors are paid and available
Who's sending out these paychecks? I have to buy my own poster board, markers, and transportation. Should we be billing someone?
The republicans are nothing but a bunch of cowards who won't even  to their own constituents about their healthcare needs. This is  !
Run away when you don't like it but they rallied when it was in thier favor
Just rec'd response email fr U regarding my questions on #healthcare  Thank U4 taking time 2do so because I'm going 2 keep speaking out 
This is nothing but a kangaroo court. Let the people be heard. We pay your salaries for God's sakes.
You maybe- @robportman doubtful- keep calling though OHIO!
#MedicareForAll
#payyourownbills seriously.  I don't want to pay for hypochondriacs and obese fuckers who don't know how to step away from jelly donuts.
Since time is running out to bring this unqualified president "up to speed" I suggest health care will need to address nuclear exposure
Let me ask do u feel bad at all since ur npt on Obama Care.... u took care of your family and your employeez......Democratic sellout
Republicans are angry that they have been made uncomfortable by having to see many people with serious disabilities
Maybe they think they'll catch something.
You dont seem to be listening to the millions begging for #MedicareForAll. But you will.
U will be voted out will pass ot 2019 after u lose your seat......
You are part of the problem.Do your job.U represent all of your constituents and have taken an oath to that. Quit if U are unable to serve.
Do you even live in Ohio? I do & he's representing me just fine right now. Keep working Senator!
Most assuredly not public servants, which they were supposedly elected to do. If they're not serving the public, then who are they serving?
Yea ur listening to the jobless bunch......they are there cause they dont pay for it....
I cannot wait until the @TrumpTrain goes to Washington.
Are you tho
None of them listen, whether Democrat or Republican...
Can't face people they are screwing over
So will you support single payer then?
