Senate Republicans exempt own health coverage from part of latest proposal https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
Please slow down/ add amendments to HealthCare debacle vote.
#hypocrite @senSherrodBrown now introduce a bill  to make all laws passed by #Congress apply to members of #Congress! Trump would sign it!
Thats y they trying so hard to get rid of him. He is shaking their money ...
But did you vote for what we have now? You don't have Obama Care! Hypocrite
Could it be more telling that they know their new plan stinks. They could care less about us.
The law needs to be whatever you pass..you must also live under like the rest of us. Do that & it will be fixed i promise..
...welppp ture
So you're a no for this bill then?
Shameful.  Yes.
Thank you for standing up for ALL Ohioans and ALL Americans. #Patriotism
@senrobportman can you see the issue with this?  Apparently one rule for you, another for others.
Things you and I would go to jail for (insider trading for one) Congress is allowed to do because the laws they pass don't apply to them!
It is BEYOND IMMORAL!
Wasn't the same under ACA?
Just called Portman's office to complain about this.  Shameful! What's good enough for us should be good enough for Congress.
.@Senrobportman is "concerned". That's what they tell me when I call. @SenSherrodBrown fights for #Ohio. He cares about us!
Yeah I get the "he's concerned line too" I need more from Portman. I want assurances! I want transparency! This HC bill is a death knell.
Aren't you 1 of those politicians?. So drop your coverage, and you & the misses can have a HSA like me and my wife. $7,000 deductible, 0 RX.
As long as we the people do not have to pay their deductibles.
Sherrod should we vote yes or no on prescription bill thank you
At some point I hope voters remember those they elect are there to serve the people & not special interests or the rich but its the opposite
GOPERS have no DECENCY!They are blatantly unAmerican & unpatriotic. No love & loyalty for country nor compassion & empathy for #WeThePeople.
They should suffer the same consequences as the public they deserve no better healthcare than anyone else
Run for #POTUS2020 please!
If it passes remember who voted for it for 2018...
@SenateMajorityL  damaging our Country with Assault on our Health Care -the ACA- exempting themselves in Congress from crappy #TrumpCare
The voters of America have lost control of our nation. Rich politicians win elections and get richer. At our expense.
@senrobportman We're not idiots!Keep working for us @SenSherrodBrown @JoshMandelOhio would be voting with @realDonaldTrump & @senrobportman
Every Congressman & WH Officials should have to give up gov't pd ins & go on whatever the Senate passes. If it's good for us, good for them!
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator.
That is shameful!
Politicians are grown adults who never leave home & sponge off the parents...GET A JOB..
And you pay your co pays and deductibles. Not us. Nobody pays ours. We are suppose to be your boss.
Thanks for your work!  How about a follow for us, and other Ohio Indivisible groups?
The truth is, people expect that behavior from MOC
I find it shameful that the GOP didn't care to have Democrat input on this legislation. I wonder when they will represent the people
I wont hold my breath waiting for your bill putting senators on SS & medicare, ending your expensive taxpayer funded pension & health plans.
Please specify which politicians not all are the same.
Do whatever you can to get Portman to vote no to this! We need Medicaid and pre-existing conditions coverage! Not tax breaks for rich!
There's a lot of things politicians exempt themselves from. Not just this.
The most repulsive move yet, Senator. Casting 23 million off healthcare while doing so is beyond cruel.
Like the Ds never did it.
Then take the lead.  Propose that Congress share the same health benefits as their constituents - no better, no worse. You already earn more
You are so correct. How can they face their constituents and say this bill is a good thing when it's not good enough for their families?
Did you and your staff get in the ACA or Obamacare? Pass it and we will read it later! What ever we get you should get! See how that works!
Yeah. It should be what we get, you get. No golden parachutes for anyone. It's sick and wrong.
The millionaire GOP politicians
The dems are millionaires too. Name a poor one. Even Bernie the commie hit over a million dollars.
Why am I not surprise-to bad the #rubes don't read anything
Shameful indeed!!
There oughta be a law...
Thank you sir. I'm proud to call you my Senator.  Thx for fighting for internet also.
As a dem I'm proud of you & I'm also proud of Kasich & Portman 4 not blindly accepting the GOPs nightmare healthcare plan THANKS 45044
#RepealAndReplace
Did the same stuff when you passed ACA.
You had the chance to work with GOP when you passed ACA. You refused to take any input, refused a bipartisan approach. You are responsible!
That Supremacist mindset is unforgivable, esp when those who put one in office receive no better consideration than that of a gnat.
@senrobportman so it's government for itself, not for the people?!
Thank you, Sen. Brown, for your support of healthcare, and for responding to my faxes.  I'm off to send another daily fax to Sen. Portman.
Uh, hello? ACA? U politicians keep playing politics while Americans keep getting screwed by medical industry. Cost not coverage.
Everyone needs to call @robportman til his voicemail fills up
Yes Senator-you get it-TY! Politicians as those that "have" are denying many health care coverage to Americans that "have not."
Yes, but it's no different than what you democrats have been doing for decades. Hypocrite!
I agree. Y cant my niece & daughter get medical help. Obamacare still is law. It failed
Keep up the good fight my man!!! 
Ahem....@senrobportman
At the price of Healthcare its a true perk.
Let's go single payer government run for everyone. Then will can all suffer equally.
@voxdotcom
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateDems @SenateGOP @potus Bad legislation; we will remember you at the polls, Russians or not! Fix ACA now!
Appreciate the job you do for us in Ohio Sen Brown!  Keep up the fight!
Is this for real @senrobportman ???
@senrobportman did you know about this???
#CompletelyAgree!!
Yes, Congress should be forced to get healthcare via Medicare.
They don't work for us. They only look out for themselves and their wealthy donors. As far as the rest of us are concerned, they don't care.
PLEASE make sure this doesn't get lost in all the rest of the horrible things about this bill!!
How is this even possible? How can congress exempt itself from legislation it imposes on others?
They simply passed a rule that says so.
If they don' t want what's in their own bill then we don't want it.Why should ordinary Americans get the dregs?
It's a shame Congress won't give the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Presumption Of Exposure To Agent Orange Pass S422 & SConRes12
Our elected officials should have the same coverage as their constituents
Yes, Mr. Brown, it is a dirty, rotten shame.
