When it comes to Portman and tiberii it's time for a change!
Thank you, Senator, for standing fast!
Everyone is watching this very closely and anticipate insurers coming in line with demand at an reasonable cost.
Prescription medication costs are a number one priority for quality of life for everyone.
Thank you,sir!
Sincerely hope that happens. History has indicated it won't though
You own the disaster of Obamacare. You are hurting millions of Americans. You need to be defeated in your next election. Shame on you.
You are parroting a complete false talking point.  ALL Americans deserve good quality healthcare.  Richest nation on earth poorest hc.
Actually 20 million people have health insurance 18 million still don't.  Your I'll informed and short on breath around here.
Thank you, Senator Brown, for all your hard work for the people of Ohio. You are a man of integrity & honesty, unlike your opponent for 2018
Thank you. And yes get the GOP to help fix the ACA.  No small task!
And we're left with the abysmal, abomination called Obamacare (ACA) thank you very much.
Thank you for you vote.
Thank you, a Bipartisan bill is the only way. Paul Ryan's "Better way" and Trump's "Great" healthcare are smoke and mirrors.
Thank you Senator for holding your ground and fighting for all of us.
That's my Senator!! 
Thank you senator brown! I think there may be an election coming up in with Portman losing his Washington seat.
@senrobportman Your safe district is no longer safe we will work like hell to get brown re-elected and you sir will be completely rejected.
I'm heavily considering a run for portmans seat!
Thank you Sen Brown.
Keep working for us.
Sen. Portman, you've shown your true colors.
We have to make sure Portman is voted out of office.  He doesn't stand for the common man-indeed he stands for the wealthy man.
True, unfortunately he has just started a new term. People did vote him back in so all we can do now is block him as much as possible
We don't have short term memory loss.  We don't let up, we keep moving forward.  Dragging them along w us whether they wanna come or not.
Thank you for continuing to vote like you have good sense
I agree, work together.
You've earned our #respect and #appreciation. Thank you, Senator Brown. I hope everyone cooperates to achieve a reasonable and fair ACA fix.
THANK YOU!! Ohio is lucky to have you.

Thank you for your continued and consistent efforts on this issue Senator Brown.
Thank you Senator Brown!!! We love ya!!!
Medicare for all!
Thank you senator!
Had the chance to do that in '09
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for voting to protect the people of Ohio and all Americans from the ACA repeal.
As your constituent and medical student, I have been very proud of how you've spoken out about issues that concerns us. #HealthcareMatters
thanks for breaking it down for us...it's the "you's" and the "us's" maybe you use that terminology because you don't have to have Obamacare
I sent Portman and Bill Johnson letters/faxes/ calls
What is getting done in Washington, shameful I will say the same to Rob Portman
Run for president in 2020
Please write the legislation with Portman to fix the problems. Action behind those words!!!!!
This is why we donate to you. My husband campaigned for you, and we will again.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown You never fail to look out for your constituents. We have your back.
Now you (we) need to make sure that Republicans continue to make the ACA work for everyone and don't purposely let it fail!!
That you Senator!
Give me hell good senator from Ohio.  We will not stand idly by while they try and tear this country apart.  #WeStandUnited
Thank you, Senator.
You will have to, healthcare is unacceptable as it is. Higher deductibles etc.Anthem and others aren't to blame,middle class suffers again.
Thank you, Senator Brown.
Listen to the people.  The time is now - #SinglePayerNow #UniversalHealthCare
But there has to be something to work on and debate. Put forth a plan.
@ @SenSherrodBrown I totally agree thank those R's, it's time to work together make ACA better fix the donut holes!
Thank you for fighting for what's right!
Thank YOU for all that you do!
Thank you!
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for standing up for Ohio and giving us a voice!
You're out.
You just got removed from senate, the next year will be nothing but Obamacare death spiral with you being the cause of the implosion...
Well said. Let's stop playing politics and start helping the American people....which has been your job since the beginning. #publicservant
How much did you try to "come together" on the bills that were put forth or did you obstruct ANY bipartisanship?
Hoping for single payer. Wall Street and insurance companies should not make our laws. They'd rather have stockholders than healthy people.
Then stop talking to Twitter and do it.
Thank you now I respectfully ask that you work your hardest to get us health care for all like rest of free world!
Too late for those who have already been ravaged by your lovely ACA. D.C. has no interest in helping Americans. Stop pretending otherwise.
Thank you Senator Brown! Keep fighting for all Ohioans. It's a shame @senrobportman cares more about politics than his constituents.
Thank you! Now get some sleep.
There are equally as many stories on the other side. Ocare is failing and you have proven that you can't work together 4 something better
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator! You make Ohio proud!
And thank you to @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski for showing @GOP how to do that! I hope you feel as good as the people do
Thank you. Please work together and protect the health and well-being of ALL Americans.
Thank God
Thank you for all your work. My husband and I would surely die without Medicare and Medicaid. We are both disabled after 30 yrs of working.
thank you for representing my home state well.
Thank you Senator Brown.
SINGLE PAYER
Thank you for your courage! #GoBucks!
OH!
Now it's time for Democrats yo clean up the mess they made...You own it
Thank you for your commitment to Ohio and the Nation!
Thank you Senator Brown!
Can you ask Portman and Graham why they supported this thing after all the talk of not? #CountryBeforeParty
Will U Speakout against #Obama Administration's #PoliticalSpying or can @realDonaldTrump #unmask your corrupt ass???
DO IT LIKE CANADA
#SinglePayer
Thanks for fighting for Ohio, Sir!
Thank you so much Senator, for listening to your constituents.
Congrats to you and the Dems. Seems like a perfect time to fix what needs it in the ACA, and improve healthcare in the USA
Thank you, Sen Brown for your compassion and consistently standing strong. I learned when I met you in DC about ACA that you truly care.
Thanks you Sherrod! I am so proud to have you as my Senator! Thank you for fighting the good fight! Important victory 4 the people of OH!
No, it's time to repeal and replace you.
Thank you Sen. Brown
Thank YoU!!
Thank you. THANK YOU. Thank you
#SinglePayer
Your lips to God's ears.
Thank You!
It is time to vote conservative GOP in. This is horrible for the People of this wonderful nation.
This Ohioan thanks you, Senator Brown! 
THANK YOU!!!
Thank YOU for listening to the people. We will not forget.
Thank You!!!
Thank you!
Thank you. Now, let's get to work to pass something better for the country.
Thanks for all of your hard work!
Thank you, Senator.
Thanks, Sen. Brown. Let's shore up the marketplace: any health insurer covering people in a state must have a marketplace offering there.
Thank you for your no vote and for all you do!
proud of you!
We must not let our philosophies prevent us from doing the right thing.
