It cuts a net $20 BILLION from Ohio. For every $1 OH spends on Medicaid on average, 63¢ comes from federal $ that #GrahamCassidy would cut.
So who gets hurt by these Medicaid cuts?
To start: 973,000 children in Ohio who rely on Medicaid for their health insurance
Also hurt: 71,000 veterans in Ohio who get their coverage through Medicaid, and 150,000 Ohioans getting opioid treatment.
As well as the 3 in 5 nursing home residents in Ohio who rely on Medicaid to cover the cost of their care.
And whether or not you're on Medicaid, you're looking at a premium increase next year if #GrahamCassidy becomes law.
According @CBO, the House GOP plan - nearly identical to #GrahamCassidy - would cause premiums to go up an average of about 20% next year.
And #GrahamCassidy allows insurance companies to charge Ohioans age 50 and older more for their insurance.
We cannot let politicians in Washington, with taxpayer-funded healthcare, pull the rug out from under Ohio families and communities.
Remember when all the Rs could talk about was the deficit ... and 40c of every dollar was borrowed.. why would anyone even suggest a tax cut
The GOP is putting many nails in their coffin
Thank you Sen Brown for fighting for our health care
My 28 yo daughter was diagnosed with sarcoma & breast cancer, ACA provisions are life
Saving for her.
Does @robportman feel the same? Lives are at stake!
We've filled his voicemail boxes but he doesnt get back with anyone.
I called his Columbus Office to express concern yesterday. Answered, listened & thanked me for calling. OH has highest infant mortality!
It's pathetic isn't it?  Opioid crisis too.
We will not desert them. We never give up. 
Never. Wish people would get off their moral soapboxes about diseases. And end the take-take-a-pill mentality.
And take those GD ads on the television. It's obscene!!
For Pharma? I can't f'ing believe they are allowed to market directly to the public. You're right it is obscene.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown!  We've all tried to contact @senrobportman but all we hear are *crickets*. I don't know what else to do.
Thank you Sen Brown. We are definitely not being heard by the other senator in this state. We will remember in the next election.
What does @robportman think of this? I havent heard much from his office.
The republicans only seem to care about saving money while the dems are more concerned with providing quality care
Tell your fellow senator to vote no!
THANK YOU, Senator Brown. For those of you who want to discuss this with our other Senator who's seemingly on the fence, here you go!
You know who gets hurt by your precious a c a people who have to pay for other people's health care
The #ACA isn't perfect but Graham-Cassidy aims to hurt more people than it helps.
Don't know nobodies seen it but the a c a is dying although I believe it was designed to fail so Hillary could put in single payer
Hillary isnt 4 Single Payer. Also the ACA will have options in every county in the USA for 1st time this year. Only dead if GOP defunds it.
And we have seen it, you can read the bill here:
 https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/download/graham-cassidy-heller-johnson-section-by-section …
Thanks for the information will check it out
Yet the illlegals who vote in Ohio elections still aren't in jail
Have you seen the statistics on illegal immigrants living in Ohio? They make up less than >1% of the workforce. Fix your priorities, please.
Get Sen. Portman to vote "no." Then you and he stand up together to revive bipartisan effort to fix healthcare. Let Ohio lead the way.
Do you have any influence with Portman? Talk some sense into him.
Don't forget to call him yourself, too. :)
THANK YOU, Senator Brown. For those of you who want to discuss this with our other Senator who's seemingly on the fence, here you go! 
He will likely do it with the help of Rob Portman.
With me having a preexisting condition, I'm one of them.
Vote NO please.
It's just another name for tax cuts to the rich.
Please keep standing up and saying NO to this!
Agreed!   #NoGrahamCassidy  and yes to #S1804.  #HealthCareForAll  instead of insurance for some.
But their donors want tax breaks.
Another way for trump to give a tax break to the 1%
Glad you are voting against it
Then #HoldTheFloor
Meanwhile we struggle to fund social security and keep Medicare prices low. And now Obama has messed it up with increasing the load
One look at this account and you can see @DanWerner7 is a bot profile. Go spread your falsehoods somewhere else.
Anyone receiving #medicaid should be audited. If they can afford to buy #XboxOneX  & #PlayStation they can & must be their own Insurance
I'm spending more than the cost of both on bills a month and I have insurance through my employer.
Time to learn how to budget your money, the #CassidyGrahamBill bill is going to pass & there is nothing you can do about it.
Lol It hasn't passed yet and it won't pass without your bot overlords hitting every public officials tweets speaking out against it!
ObamaCare did that to Middle Class and YOU voted for that.  My plan went from $40-$450 mo.  Deduct from $1000-$6000. Insurance but NO CARE
Sherlock, I think you should vote 4 it.  Let's see what the states can do with it!
@WhiteHouse admitted @POTUS doesn't know what impact G-C will be, "JUST wants to pass something". 4 me it's @GOP LEGAL GENOCIDE of Mils.
This whole socialist movement of government insurance has gotten us into this mess.
I was guessing your intern would be chiming in sooner or later. More solutions. Less complaining. That's what u are paid 4
Why so little faith in Ohioans resolving the issue for Ohioans? I'll take a fellow Buckeye any day over a Washington bureaucrat.
So how do we convince @senrobportman of that? I'd love to have both of our senators able to see reason.
Trust me, if @TexasGOP can figure out how to screw citizens while helping the big corporations,they will-in a heartbeat!!Did it before ACA!

https://twitter.com/glendabas/status/911214823639326721 … #dotard
Thank you. Unfortunately @senrobportman doesn't seem to give a rats ass about his constituents #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
You do irreparable damage to Ohio. You and Kasich make Ohio look weak.
People that need to be working and paying for their own insurance.
Thank you for being the sane one. Where does Portman stand on this bill?
Well there has to be something good about it! Please tell us what's good!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
Thanks for speaking up!
Medicare has grown at 7.5% annually & Obamacare is failing. Single payer is not the solution as we can see with the Dept. of Veteran Affairs
Please tell Amy not to debat with Bernie!!!!!! He will cost us the ACA. PLEASE STOP IT!!!!!
Thank you for always speaking out.
Do something!!! Vote this craziness down do it now this is not a test this is the real deal ! Put the people first your campaign last!!
Hey Sherrod, what is #GrahamCassidy? No one tells me anything. I am a coward.
ThankU, Senator.
Time for a MEGA demonstration on Washington.
Thank you senator for sticking with the truth,not the spin.If they brought vote tomorrow would you speak thru tues?they r up to something!
Tell Senators to vote "NO" on Graham-Cassidy, #GrahamCassidy --- We want good Healthcare for All Americans. https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Please do what you can to save us from this bad, bad bill.  I am scared.
Thankyou Mr. Brown for seeing what others and I see in this herrendous bill and the other guy in Ohio rob portman has his eyes shut
How about free market medical, senator? I think that the doctors and insurance companies are more credible than Congress.
Graham Cassidy have no conscience neither does Paul Ryan and the rest of the Republicans Bad Company corrupts good character
Thank you for your leadership on this issue.
It should be called Hitler's health care bill. Ppl will die. They are fools in Paradise and they will repent at their leisure. KARMA
Why does it allow Alaska to keep #ACA
The GOP is more worried about their donors like the Kochs & Mercers cutting off their $ than the people they purportedly represent
Very insulting to people in Puerto Rico right now. You're literally suggesting bill would do same as #aca & provide coverage disincentives.
Did Bill Cassidy read the bill with his name attached to it?

Potential cost increases by state:
- AK: $31,790
- AZ: $22,074
- ME: $16,437…
Hi. Maybe @senrobportman will listen to you. I hear you are co-workers. Anything you can do?
And 2 FLORIDA!
So tired of all the talking. Nothing is getting done
Nothing was fixed in the last 7 years not ACA nothing
Still waiting for your apologies to the middle class
Get that money out of Washington. Feds are killing the middle class tax payer!
Have you talked to @robportman about how bad this bill will be for Ohio & the healthcare industry in Ohio?
The 2018 premium of $1,159.61 per person, per month for a silver plan in Columbus is going to throw people off their insurance. #ACA Not!
I agree!
Please convince R's that this is a country over party issue. Politics should never kill people. #KillTheBill
ACA did that and you never complained
tell it to Portman, not sure he knows or cares.
@senrobportman I agree
Actually that's the description of Obamacare brought to you by charlatans like you @SenSherrodBrown

Now if we can just get @robportman to care....
I thought you said Obamacare was going to save Ohio? Not so much? To much "if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor?"
How do we get @robportman  to vote NO????
It gives Ohio more flexibility to manage healthcare for its people. Those losing care are in mot cases making the choice to leave.
History will not be kind to GOP. Nor will 2018.
Please stop this! Do not vote for this bill! @senrobportman #OhioVoter
Trumpcare. Stop calling it by the name they want you to call it by.
no it is another way of saying pay for your own fucking insurance
And ACA didn't?
Thanks for standing up for human dignity & the common good! I wish @senrobportman had a conscience like yours! #ProtectOurCare #KilltheBill
No doubt and Trump promised he would not make any changes in Medicare or Medicaid HIS WORDS ( google trumps archived tweets if / still acces
#GrahamCassidy will do irreparable damage not only 2 citizens of Ohio but the entire country-except the Senate who has great healthcare plan
I want the same quality healthcare they get for the same price. We are all equal in this country, are we not?! #Medicare4All
CALL these senators!
Aka: TRUMPCARE!
@senrobportman seems like everyone including @JohnKasich sees the problem but you Rob.
Joplinesque
WE ALL WERE KICKED OFF of OUR GOOD pre Obama PLANS BY BARRY'S GRUBER !
Repeal every last lying law of 
Ocare/deathpanel
@realDonaldTrump
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown! @robportman please do the right thing and vote no and protect Ohio. We are depending on you.
Who are these people with all this insurance you speak of???
Helping the good people of northeast Ohio navigate the ACA Not sure what’s next Hope it’s as satisfying as what I have been called to do
I very well may lose my job now w/all the healthcare sabotage on Capitol Hill As a healthcare navig. n Ohio I have thoroughly enjoyed-
The narrative of lies is unbelievable it’s gotta stop. Disgusting. It doesn’t “cut” anything it only takes back what was never suppose to be
Tell me what is wrong with @senrobportman is the thrill of $400 mil to exciting he is willing to be the Ohio death decider
Move up the Jordan Scale, not down
With you Sherrod! Portman ignores Kasich and is ready to endanger Ohio lives! Lives are more important than any political party! @robportman
Just think the people who contribute nothing for healthcare are costing the middle class alot of money. they get care and we cannot afford.
Just think what an imprisoned nation we live in & just how much $$$$ that costs you? Way more than “free healthcare”....
Have you read the bill?  Just curious.
Still waiting @senrobportman  @PatTiberi 
I hope you have spoken to your Rep colleague and voiced your concern. I know I have!!
Support Medicare for all!!!
These numbers are devastating. We're calling Portman w/out an response. It's imperative we get Dark Money out of politics to make progress.
Thanks for sticking up for us Ohioans.  #SinglePayerNow
I wouldn't ever want my name on a reprehensible bill like that.
Cc: @robportman
Also, #GrahamCassidy sounds more like a 70's soft rock group
