Your right Senator provided it’s the truth!!!!
@SenSherrodBrown we need to do something about Sinclair Broadcasting forcing their affiliate stations to spew their right wing propaganda
So what are you?  Communist?
To hear.  You are so fake!!!!
There’s something terribly corrupt, about anyone elected to represent the people, who supports MSM reporting these days. You gotta go! 2018
I don't think that "Freedom of the Press" means that the press has the freedom to misinform Americans.
True...which is why there are laws against that.
Dear POTUS
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.
- Thomas Payne
Networks should be able to freely report the news, as in real news not "fake" news or outright lies. Tell the truth, unlike politicians.
Why get on and make fake news. We want the truth not what you think will make Potus look bad.
@RealDonaldTrump@potus Notice: founding fathers put this amendment st.
Yes report the truth.  Not lies if they are.  Quit kissing ass.  It's so obvious in all. Your tweets,  all u say is what u think peeps want
They are also to report TRUTH which we learned from Mattis Kelly is not what they report.  FCC needs involved.  LIES do not inform people
WRONG SO WRONG letting news network get away with fake news
I stand by Senator Sherrod  Brown  and the First Amendment!

@ First Amendment
Absolutely true. We the people won't accept any less than a free press. This said how can we hold the press accountable to tell the truth.
When news media holds them selves up with o the public as THE NEWS there has to be the expectation of getting the facts without opinions.
Without news media being held to account for truth we're getting nothing more than national enquirer type journalism from main stream media.
Freedom of the press is freedom to print the truth. Lying to the public through press should not be protected by free press or speech.
Based on Trump, truth is subjective.  Let's hear it all, even Fox News, we are smart enough to sort it out.
Only if they speak the truth I
The FCC issues station licenses to "operate in the public interest". Fake news is NOT in our interest. Write the FCC to oppose this.
Thank you!
The problem now is everyone has to be first to report something true or not. And OP ed post that are presented as facts no accountability
Thank you, Senator
Thank you!
Of course. When the #FirstAmendment was written, much of the press was as biased as #FoxNews & as guttery as the supermarket tabloids.
Is it about freedom of the press? OR Is it about the media bias, lying, being irresponsible, and NOT doing their job?
The should report the truth on both aids equally
Tell it, Senator Brown! You and the other giant of the senate Al Franken are standing between us and tyranny. Stand strong and thanks much.
What a hoot
#METOO
Please run for President! The country needs you!
But there reporting should be accurate!
Of course, they should be allowed to lie, just as politicians & gov are allowed to lie!  Congress can lie, citizens cannot, where's the end?
@JeanGrey80 kind of like #takeaknee
Trump is insane, but networks got him elected. 2016  Sunday shows were Wall to Wall Trump...little slots of Bernie and Hillary.  Networks =$
Stunning that it must even be said re prez. Like we are relitigating fundamentals of USA
Americans are not that naive to believe CNN.
Thank you! As an Ohioan w/ family in Korea, we know all too well the danger of an authoritarian government stifling the free press.
I believe in the truth when I write .  I believe there should be a code of ethics 
Maybe they should try telling the truth
keep in mind majority trump voters are anti the diversity of America as defined by the constitution???
@potus devoted to second amendment but does not understand the first
The airwaves have always been licensed, or are you saying the FCC has no authority now?
Thank you to my Senator, Sherrod Brown. Please keep fighting for us.
Oct.=Nat. Anti-Bully mth, Trump help Melania /quit bullying values, press, hlth care, govt./world/staff. Where's her and her platform at ??
@senrobportman please state if you think press freedom is "disgusting" as your deal leader said today.
The ones who tell fake news shouldn't have that right if are going to report something make sure you know what you are talking about T 2020
Thank you Senator Brown. Will we also hear from @senrobportman?
I agree, these journalists reports the news they see and hear.  They work hard and are very good at their jobs.   Their news is not fake.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Brown!
Thanks Senator!  Keep this insanity in check.
I feel really disillusioned by our government. Please keep fighting for our freedoms.
Thank you Senator. 
TY Senator! Our founding fathers understood the importance of the Free Press.  Our current Congress needs to protect it from @potus
Knowing you are on our side helps.
Well if the told the truth it might help.  I find it very funny how all the networks say the same thing the same way???? Orders from above??
When is Congress going to get rid of that maniac in the WH? I'm being serious. Lives are at stake.
@WarrenDavidson you were all about #1A just a day ago. What say you now???
Sherrod Brown we are behind you. Trump is insane.
Yes-"bring us the stories"-don't create them or spin them to fit your political agenda
Report Facts. FACTS! NOT "Couldbe, Wouldbe, Mightbe, If, etc.etc. Rumors, Things out of context, Changing things are Not "Reporting."
Thank you senator i look forward to voting for you again
Senator, it is time to impeach this President. He has no concept of the Constitutional rights the First Amendment guarantees us all.
With freedom comes responsibility-something democrats never understand. #LunaticLeft #democratsarenuts #FakeNews
The media feeds and the sheep eat. Use the sniff test before consuming. They continue to push the divide. #ShortenDadivide #trustbutverify.
Love you Senator Brown!
And how about accurately and without bias
The problem there is that bias doesn't necessarily mean inaccurate. You can choose to present correct information in a very biased way.
Thank you. Would that your Republican Counterpart would also come out supporting Freedom of The Press! How about it, @senrobportman ?
FCC licenses are limited and regulated. There is no right to it.
Thank you sir. 
agreed, however it is not their job to editorialize or spin a story.  Report all the facts, nothing more
Sherrod I know you plate is full but not one day should pass where you don't call for the removal of Trump. Bang the drum!!! #loudly
do you get the feeling it's going to be a long 3½ years?
One of my favorite Senators in the country...
As a retired journalist as well as a citizen who wants to stay informed, I wish I could "like" this post once for every DT lie.
You would blow up Twitter 
Sorry but fake news CNN NBC NYT huffpo washpo are known for fake news- you tube is censoring what you see and Facebook is in on it too
So you support #HarveyWeinstein ? @NBC hid #HarveyWeinstein sexual abuse 
You're a TRAITOR to American Citizens & a disgrace to our Senate
So tired of playing defense.  Need stronger democratic message.
You are a sane voice in a political landscape that is increasingly terrifying the citizens of our nation.
Thank you Senator.
Unless it’s fake news which CNN and MSNBC are notorious for reporting
1st amendment gives the press the right to make up all the lies they want to.it's up to us to figure out the truth.
Where were people whit the last guy????
Who knew America's POTUS would shed his skin and reveal himself as the fringe right wing equivalent of Hugo Chavez?
What's more surprising is the number of pale who didn't see it coming
People*
There is really only one thing left to say: #impeach  Mc  face now. #25thAmendmentNow
I agree we do not live in a dictatorship like Trump wants
Please do something about a president that refuses to defend the constitution & actively suggests ways to hinder our constitutional rights
IMPEACHMENT TIME IS HERE OF TRUMP CAUSE HE'S MENTALLY INSANE.  NO MORE AND NO LESS I CAN SAY.  BUT IMPEACHMENT TO HEAL THE COUNTRY.
Should they be able to purposely spread propoganda?
Yes, but: Facts separate from Opinion. News analysis labeled. At least 2 independent sources for major news. Avoid libel w/in legal limits.
Second amendment called to be regulated as technology improves. First amendment receives no similar scrutiny. Fake news level increases.
Account one week old. Common Sense makes no complaints. Simply pointing out poor logic. #commonsense
Time for the govt officials to do something. This joke is now off the rails.
But no one should be protected for Slander
Dear Senator: please educate as many cabinet members you can on the 25th Amendment and the house on the concept of impeachment. We're there

