Health care must be nationwide--medicare for all. taxes paid year long to cover it.
Simple. no insurance companies taking$
@ashuck33 Unfortunately the fact of this matter is it failed because some people felt it wasn't bad enough
Do not relax @SenateDems ! The #GOP will undermine the #ACA. Time to push for only possible fix: #UniversalHealthcare !
Single Payer system is best solution and most of it already exists. Medicare can be adapted.
Time for @TheDemocrats to put forward improvements to ACA.
Now, can we get you to support credit unions in our fight to provide affordable financial alternatives to big banks?
how about ending farm subsidies on corn, which makes sugary beverages cheap, which leads to a fat & diabetic populace?
Will you go on record that healthcare is a human right? Americans want care not insurance.
keep up the great work, Senator!
As an Ohioan married 2 a Canadian I cannot encourage you enough to push for Universal Healthcare like other modern nations
Well said. Now is the time to push for a single payer system!
if it's such a good deal why aren't you on it! Just saying!
Thsnks, Senator Brown! Now please work to stop ICE Nazis from deporting tax-paying moms and dads instead of known criminals
don't kid yourself; U own Healthcare now; reach out 2 R and fix this b/4 it gets worse. Mistake 2 go 2far rt or 2far left
thank you!!
Stay the course Senator.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for standing up to this cruel #HealthCareReform that would put so many in danger. #OH12
Excellent job as usual Senator Brown! Meanwhile here is Republican @senrobportman's statment on health care. LOL.
Thank you for standing up for us! We will not forget
Thank you so much thank you for listening to us all I've called and you spoke for us all thank you sir thank you
What does Josh have to say about his plan? If he has a better plan then let's see it.
How many times did they vote to repeal the ACA how much money and time they wasted. And knowing full well they had nothing better.
I can't wait to vote you out next year.
You did millions of ppl a.bug favor.  Demand better, not just different.
"never trump" gop conservatives chose aca over ahca....congratulations on democrat victory.
All I see is more republican promises broken.
@senrobportman @RepSteveStivers When will you go on the record that #HealthcareIsAHumanRight ?
You didn't feel this way when you took away our coverage! End Obamacare, $10,000 for premiums, $12,000 deductible? Who are you kidding?
you should be very careful with your votes in the next two years. Ohio went big for Trump and will throw you out of office
Thank you for standing up!
and those that lost affordable care or services. What are you doubt for them
GOP knows the price of everything and the value of nothing. What price compassion, empathy?
Thank you Senator Brown!
thank you Senator!
Thank YOU for your vote for YOUR constituents!! Now let's fix the problems we've learned with #ACA
you are bad deal for ohio
you're a good one to talk! You didn't even bother to read the bill before you voted for Obamacare. Why don't you work to
come up with a plan everyone can live with that won't hurt the working person, rather than taking care of those who
don't want to work, but live off the the government and build up the democratic voter base? Be a man for once!
Pass it to find out what's in it
why aren't Dems running ads about GOP failure in GOP districts?
Thank you for your leadership. Also, #ThanksObama
Thanks for listening, caring & *serving your constituents.
Well said Senator! Thank you for protecting Ohioans and Americans! Now let's get to work improving ACA!
Please support Medicare for all. #MedicareForAll
thank God....
Yes, a horrible bill, but CROOKED TRUMP & YES MAN RYAN wanted to cheetah the middle class.
SHAME ON THOSE 2 LOOSERS
Thank you for truly representing!!!
Yo clown! You sold us out on obamacare you silly little man. Sherrod Brown let us down! @JoshMandelOhio
and Obamacare is all yours!
exactly
that is rich, sir! Obama himself admits the bill he signed needs help! you're a clown!
can't fix anything when the Dem and Rep. Can't set down and talk about what's good for the people they serve.
oh stop how are u going to fix it? They said I make 8$ to much for Medicaid and that's with how it is now. Your a joke
He can't without a Democratic Congress. Let's get a blue government.
Thank you for representing Ohio so well.
Thank you for standing against this bill. You are so right! Your efforts are very much appreciated!
thank you!  I'm so glad you're my representative.
Thank you!
thank you for listening
This is why I love youuuuu
Agreed, with their promise no body would lose coverage, but 12 million people would..
@krismoran10 well said Sir
Thanks for this vote Senator..Now please don't vote for Gorsuch..
@senrobportman please step up and show leadership to fix the ACA affordability We need leaders with vision #countryb4party
ya well let's see them fix it
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown.
Thank you for speaking to the TRUTH!  We remain in #Resistance to save Democracy!
Thank you Sherrod Brown. We were never fooled by the scare tactics.
