thank you for protecting people that need the healthcare!
Thank you for standing up for the health and well being of Ohioans. @senrobportman @senroneeds to take notes from you.
Republicans had 8yrs of pure hate..8yrs & all they can come up w/is a complete & total screw u America Hell a box of air has more going 4 it
Capitol Hill is a joke Your the only guy I know who fights 4 the poor, sick, common man, the veteran Here's to you Sir#keepfighting
Then get them a job.
I'm in favor of repealing and replacing the whole @GOP
Gosh good thing you weren't there in '09 when Senate voted to rip plans and doctors away from millions & raise premiums. Oh wait.
Proud of you for doing the right thing!
Please consider 2020. We need a candidate we can count on to fight for us.
He has done nothing for our State.  He sits on the lap of Pelosi and Schumer.  He is a disgrace to Ohio.
Thank you for the work you are doing to protect our healthcare.  If only @senrobportman could see fit to do the same.
Thank you for trying.  At this point all they want is a win and it isn't for us. There will be no working together until they do.  Sad
But @senrobportman and @Jim_Jordan only had 7 years- they just need 20 hours more to come up with something
There is and it's called single payer.
YES. Need #SinglePayerNow. Start w #HR676
Repeal it won't hurt as much as "you have to pass it to see what's in it" stupidity liberal democrats push. You can't fix stupid or democrat
I think you got it backwards
I really doubt you think anything...Buh bye!
Sherrod Brown #2020
22 million vs 200 million that can't afford Obama care. You politicians are gonna regret lieing to America we are fighting back
So good to hear you are slipping on the polls behind potential Republicans.  Happy Days will return to Ohio. Obstructionist Brown - sad
Then work to make a viable plan. Stop the partisan stuff and stop protecting a terrible ACA. It's not working for the average American.
No it just means what everyone already knows... Congress is and continues to be ineffective. Politicians are the biggest bullers in America
Pack your things Brown. Ohio is tired of the lies we've been fed by democrats for years. #JoshMandel
Thank you for speaking the truth on New Day I am proud you are my Sen. Thank you for fighting for us. We are fighting with you.
Seems our 2 party system is starting to work its course in heathcare, export trade, infrastructure, etc. Better deal, MAGA!
@jca10c9 and McCain doesn't keep his word?
@timslori yes the vote was to keep their seats,
During the last 7yrs of repeal and replace,why did Dems not call them out on if they had a plan and what was it?
Dem's and republicans get healthcare right Great example Wayne Allen Root healthcare plan#Solid
Thank you for fighting for us! I will fight for you when the challenge comes!
They are trying to rape America and we keep slapping them in the face. Time to kick em in the balls, press charges and get them jailed.
Health insurance* not care. BIG difference.
Yet they keep trying to do it, please keep up the fight save our healthcare it's worth it please #SaveTheACA
#aca isn't viable you twit. Quit lying to the American public. Uninformed voters will believe that nonsense...oh... wait... that's the goal.
Thank you for standing for me in Dayton,  Ohio
Thank you for fighting for us senator brown! I no longer live in your district but I will be working hard to get you re-elected!
U inadvertantly admitted -whichever party controls Senate wheels & deals w/phama & insurance lobbyists while bill on floor
Thank you for fighting for all of us, Senator Brown.
@senrobportman Please vote no on Trumpcare
Stop lying to the American http://people.read  Ominous Alliance.http:\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com .
You're the only one fighting for Ohio. @senrobportman can be bought.
First he's gonna take our health care, then God only knows what since he wants all our voter history.
Thank you for your efforts to defend the healthcare of Ohioans. You are the bright spot of hope in the bleak Republican landscape of SW OH.
And SE Ohio. We appreciate you Sen Brown!!
Weird you can say you did the same by passing Obamacare..
Most will opt out.
Your dem talking point is a lie!
1 Question: Why can't customers/patients know the price of services before getting the bill?
There are Senate rules in place that won't allow key parts of the bill to even be passed by a simple majority. #KillTheBill
Thank you - please talk to Portman
Thank you Senator Brown for standing up for Ohio! You care for your constituents, unlike Portman who only cares for the !
Thank you for fighting for all of us!
You are so swampy, it's sickening. Enjoy your last year term in the mud because you're out in '18. Flapping your gums isn't effective. 
Thank you, Senator Brown.
Thank you Senator Brown for your strong voice on this issue.
Tell Senator Portman.
Please fight for us senator Brown. Tell me what I can do to help!!!!!
Please keep fighting
Keep up the fight we know Portman will not fight for us.
Keep up the good fight, Senator.
Maybe taking away healthcare really IS the plan?
THX for your votes. McCain just forgot his recent words and voted yes on the latest version. How can we have any faith in the Senate.
Yes it would Senator Brown
Keep fighting for us please! Then go beat up on Rob Portman, ok? Just kidding,  sorta...
Thanks for standing up for the people of Ohio @SenSherrodBrown .
Thank you for your no vote Senator.
And what have you done to lower rates?  Oh that's right ZERO
The procedural vote failed?
Keep fighting for us! Please fight for us! We need you! I write this holding back tears! please fight for us!
Sen Brown, please do everything you can to delay subsequent votes on healthcare. Propose amendments, raise questions, anything you can do.
Senator, what in the world is going on?

