President Trump has directed the Pentagon to extend indefinitely a ban on transgender people joining the military. http://bit.ly/2wFxTz7 
Shameful you think the military is a social experiment and the VA should have to pay for sex changes ! No one has a right its a privilege !
The military is not designed 2 b a social experiment.  They t to defend out country
Then you and your kids go join in their places or shut up!
I will gladly join unfortunately I'm 2 years to young to join. But once I'm 18 I'm Joining the Navy
Oh good, then I hope you learn how defending your country isn't a joke, and that people who do it are brave, no matter what gender.
No one cases what genitals you have or wish you had when they're busy getting shot at. The transgender community are good people.
It's no different than people with bad knees or a spine defect.  The don't get accepted. It's a state that requires expensive care.
If I were a man I would want an actual man next to me with man strength not a female posing as a man no matter what she/he takes won't have
And I don't want my tax dollars paying for their transgender surgeries. R tax money is needed for our country. My boob job wouldn't b paid 4
The LGBT and doctors say Transgender is a medical condition, so being disqualified is equal to others with medical conditions.
The  US Military is not in the business of Social Engineering OR paying for surgeries and hormones for people with psychological disorders
Transgenders have a 40% suicide rate. What's shameful is some think the military is a PC social experiment. Senator Brown it is not!
Proud to call you Senator! You stand for the American values of justice, equality and  fairness. Keep up the good fight
As a 4th generation veteran, US Navy, who enlisted during the Vietnam War, I'm disturbed & saddened by Trump's wrong-headed decision.
As a combat veteran, I am confused by your comment
No reason to be.
They can't be deployed to places that won't have what they need . It's not about the person many cant serve stop with the POTUS hating
Obviously, the military is not the place for social experiments. Why are you in favor of degrading our military?
The military doesn't take just anyone - they have medical standards
Please explain what they are supposed to do when they can't deploy leaving the unit undermanned. I went without proper amount. Wasn't good.
Trump admires a racist sheriff and rejects transgender heroes
Name one transgender hero, like the one obumer pardoned that leaked codes?
Since when did it matter who threw you a life line when you were drowning
Thanks for revealing your position on Transgender people in the military Sherrod. Just one more reason to vote you out!
This is terrible! Why isn't anyone stopping him?
Because most Americans support this decision.
It's not about serving, it's about getting the gov't to pay for their sex changes.
So much for honoring "all" veterans.
Hey Sherrie! SenSherrodBrown. "Able to serve" is what we're talking about! What if one breaks a nail or a high-heel shoe and can't fight?
Gender Disphoria is a mental health issue- makes one unable to serve.
Correct but we should not have to pay for elective surgery.
liberal army
Why is that you didn't fight against it harder?
Please do something to stop this. We can't keep allowing this to be a presidency of excluding marginalized groups of human beings.
Also, denounce his pardoning of a racist who racially profiled people, defied court order to stop, & kept prisoners in inhumane conditions.
So Mexican is a race now?  Also, those were US Army tents that the criminals were living.  Ok for the army ok for criminals
Trump just wants to raise his poll numbers with his base. This was a foolish decision and hurts our military. He needs to be stopped.
Impeach.
Or commit to an asylum.
Keep the right thing and demonstrating all that you do to support military families and the people of #Ohio
We do, especially our President Trump
It is not the purpose of of our military to pay for gender reassignment.
Hey BABS babe, The military is not paying for the reassignment surgery or hormones. The soldiers do.  More $$$ spent by VA on Rx of Viagra
What branch of the military were you in or are you signing up on  Monday. Someone who knows everything about it would be a valuable asset.
Hey brown, you are one more reason why liberalism discusses me. Emotionally defective people endanger our troops! 22x sucide rate!
You did not learn disgust from a book. You need look no further than your own mirror for a defective. Nothing  as debilitating as ignorance
Unless they're a brutal xenophobic sherrif in a border state. Right, @POTUS
Yes we support Sheriff Joe, not crooked Clinton, brain dead Pelosi or obstructionist Schumer.
I say remove ALL restrictions and let anyone and everyone who wants to serve do so. Why not? #norestrictions
Every white person that doesn't stand up against this needs to read about Holodomor... because that's their future
Are all Demon rats brain dead?
Everything about 45 is shameful and CONGRESS does nothing..especially @GOP ..#ImpeachTrump

If people with flat feet aren't physically able to meet the physical requirements how can someone undergoing a sex change fight?
They may be willing, but they are not able!!!
Hopefully he won't be in office for this to actually happen.  
@DispatchAlerts Trump properties depend upon protections from First Responders. Only reason @realDonaldTrump doesn't ban 2.
Does your brain and mouth correspond?
And taxpayers should not have to pay for sexual reassignment surgeries.
WHAT CAN YOU DO ABOUT IT?
Sherrod misses the point completely! 
How sad
What's the point?
1) Trump isn't"turning away"anyone
Issue under review
2) stop ordered on transgender operations

No Tax operations.
Strong/gayoxymoron
unless they cost us $$140000 AND!! 230+ DAYS A YEAR FOR SURGERY AND HEALING .... WAIT 4 IT ... EACH YEAR! EACH TRANNY! ARE U ABOUT STUPID!?
I can't serve because of a birth defect , why should people with mental defect be able to serve ?
Tax payers shouldn't be paying for people to have sex changes either. That's a load of crap
$140000 and 230+ days out A YEAR. A TRANNY. where is the LOGIC!?
Military is not a social experiment.   If you can't figure out what you were born, you need mental help.
The people of Ohio do not share the values of Warren and Sanders, yet you vote with them 90% +  @JoshMandelOhio shares Ohio's values
A large portion of us do support @BernieSanders and @SenWarren
No a small portion
Disagree.
If you can't steve in the military because your flat footed what would be the difference if your transgender?
The hypocrisy of a draft dodger dictating who can serve is mind blowing.
No, a very smart business man. Tax dollars should not be used for confused people.
You sir are shameful
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
Yes we should Senator! The Generals got this!
Comments, sir on pardon of racist JOE Arpaio ?
He's really on a roll of sickening moves tonight!
I'm asking you to run for president in 2020.
We need to be talking about universal healthcare free college living wages and instead we have trump derangement syndrome
It's the Bannon playbook stir racial issues, drive dems to identify politics,scapegoating minorities,keep dems from focus on Econ issues.
#agree
