Sir, you ran for Leader, but u can lead without the title. Democracy is at risk & worth fighting for. Where is the fight?
I'm with you! Thank you for your sanity and service to our state.
Thank you for your voice in this
Yes!  I am a Republican Ohioan.  I want an independent investigation into Russian ties!  America *needs* this.
March for Truth to request an independent investigation is June 3rd. So far Columbus and Cleveland are sights.
Senator Brown- Please begin your process now to run for White House in 2020. Our country needs you now more than ever. 
Duty calls.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown. You are our voice and the other side is not listening. We just want the truth.
Thank you, Senator.
Great, why would you confirm Trump's picks for agencies. They are there to destroy them.
Thank you for taking a stand. Asking @senrobportman to stand with you.
Thank you for demanding accountability for American people & our system of governance. We deserve the truth & enough is enough already.
Thank you, Senator. If we can DO anything (besides bombard other members of Congress with calls/mail) please let us know. We're ready!
Do not let this administration create smokescreen s now. Too many smoking guns.
Please fight like hell for one.
We should also report on #DNCFraudLawsuit so Americans can see how the selection process really works and how their votes don't matter
PLEASE!!!!
Dir Comey & DNI Clapper have both said there's no evidence of Trump campaign collusion with Russia.  And yet you can't let it go.  #Politics
Clapper said he had no knowledge (big different) of an investigation…and there was. Don’t twist facts!
Thank you Sen. Brown- I realize that I don't thank you enough for good work you do. I only contact the MOC's who don't seem to represent us.
An independent prosecutor is the only way the American people can have any confidence in the findings. Your efforts are appreciated.

Hilarious! I wonder why @safarishane would immediately block me! Another liberal that didn't like the truth I guess! Lmao
Maybe because it’s hard to read/listen to people who don’t receive well and use name calling so much…hard to have a conversation.
Hypocrite and liberal. I would be offended by being called a liberal too.....
Well it’s pretty easy to find hypocrisy on both sides off the isle and as an independent it’s tough to watch such hatred from either side.
Agreed! I called @senrobportman and @RepBillJohnson today urging them to push for this, too!
This is another sign that democracy is eroding under this administration. Thank you for standing up for the American people Senator Brown.
What a joke.
Senate (Republicans!!) should not confirm any Trump pick for FBI Director until an independent prosecutor is appointed on Russia.
How many more months do we need? This isn't even a criminal investigation.
Then please do something! Talk is cheap. Show us with action!
Please be bold about this and don't let the president get away with it. @robportman @RepDaveJoyce the time to be bold is now.
Please tell @senrobportman this. Trump is a threat to America. We've had enough of this craziness.
@SenSherrodBrown knows it. @senrobportman get on board. We need an independent investigation.
Thanks, Senator. Just called @robportman to ask that he join you in insisting on this critical investigation
Feinstein, Clapper & others have admitted there's
"no evidence" of Trump collusion with Russia.
Try PODESTA-HILLARY-RUSSIA
How the hell can you IGNORE Hillary selling our uranium, using Clinton Foundations as middle-man, to Russia, & profiting from it?
Thank you, Sen. Brown. Please continue to push for the independent investigation. Our democracy is very much at stake here.
W respect, your full statement questions integrity of FBI..not integrity of Trump Admin? Independent Commission Needed Now!
Right when we get same for Hillary e mais right?
Yes! Talk to Portman, get him to see light. Americans will not be satisfied until special prosecutor is appointed with bipartisan support.
Will Republicans please stop saying.they're doing this for America Ppl.We Voted for Hillary.We want Honesty
Yes! Please! Thank you!
Thank you! I am disappointed that @senrobportman has not yet issued a statement calling for an independent investigation.

Trump-Russia is way bigger than Benghazi or emails. You saw how GOP obsessed over those (& to a degree it worked). Dems should be fierce
The current @POTUS needs to be exposed for his treason and lies. Its now evident that he is trying to replace honesty with his own cronies.
McConnell just said no to an independent prosecutor. Says it would just get in the way.
Give it a few days after we blow up the DOJ phone lines.
Please, Sen Brown, as an Ohio resident, I support & request an independent investigation of Russian ties. I've also called the DOJ. Thank u.
Agreed..LETS INVESTIGATE HILLARY CLINTON WITH HER URANIUM DEAL WITH THE RUSSIANS..GOOD CALL
Meanwhile, feckless @senrobportman remains silent and ignores his constituents.  Thanks, Senator Brown, for the sanity amidst such chaos.
I was concerned about this administration, now I am downright afraid of it!
This president needs investigated and prosecuted if found guilty of treason. The ppl are quickly losing faith in gvmt
Good for you-glad you're speaking out!
Please, please push for this. This national crisis needs to end.  I fear for our freedoms and stability as a nation. HELP!
This is a shameful display of anti-American ethics controlled by the republicans and WH follow the money ,bodies and fired people
Regarding the Comey firing, as is too often the case with our public servants, the optics are not good
@RedShirt2016 PR does nothing! Start dialing your R counterparts! Tell them the US people DEMAND an Indp probe!
#LockHerUp
And I have zero confidence Senator Brown. US becoming more vulnerable w Trump coverup.
We don't need no stinkin' Banana Republic. 
Thanks Sen. Brown. Fight on!
Truth is... we don't care.
All Dems need to walk out until they get the independent investigation and special prosecutor
Thank you for standing up for this. Americans are counting on you. #ComeyFiring
#Stillnothing... Just like an #altleft #liberal to continue wasting #money on a #snipehunt. #politicalhack #obstructionist #2018 #Russia
How about Sally Yates appointed as independent prosecutor
True Americans want an independent investigation of this administration. Speak louder about this. Facebook YouTube etc
100% behind you Senator -- need to see @SpeakerRyan step up in Congress, your fellow OH @robportman step up in Senate
Thank you, nice to see common sense isn't always lost after being elected.
Can we just skip to #impeachTrumpnow? How many lies can one tell and still be president?
Thank you, Senator Brown.
To be truly "beyond reproach," this investigation must now be handed to a #SpecialProsecutor.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
How can we help make this happen?!
Sen Brown, we are dependent on you and your colleagues to steer the ship that is the US to safety and sanity during the wks to come.
There will be an investigation into Russian ties & Trumpf looks guilty as sin now! Goofball!
That's for Damn sure. Now how in the fn hell can this man get away with shit like this
Agree Where does Sen. Portman stand?
America deserves an Independent Select Committee AND Independent Prosecutor AND th Release of Trump Tax Returns IMMEDIATELY
Thank you, Senator Brown. You truly do represent us and I appreciate it now more than ever.
Why? You won't read the reports!
Russian ties to what?
Preach!
For all u morons that think hillary has a chance. wake up she lost. her time is over and u should move on.
I pray that you, @robportman , @ohiogop , @GOP @TheDemocrats will correct this sad and uninspiring @POTUS
U onow i voted for Trump not one Russian called me. U ran Hillary what did u expect to happen.
Thank you, Senator!
Trump is corrupt- lock him up!
Ohioans want an independent investigation! This was obstruction of justice and abuse of power!
@robportman Do you agree? I do. I am a constituent.
Thank you Senator Brown for representing Ohio's voice!
Hopefully @WarrenDavidson and @senrobportman will join you on this.
Thank you Senator Brown. I hope @senrobportman will join you in demanding an independent investigation. Clearly, it's necessary & urgent.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Brown. It's nice to know Ohio has at least one senator willing to stand up and speak for the truth. @senrobportman
Thank you for telling it like it is. We support you, @SenSherrodBrown.
It's a shame GOP can't put country over party. They will never observe "No American is above the law" #UnitedStatesofRussia #Putinspuppet
Someone needs to stop @realDonaldTrump before he destroys this country. #impeachment
Keep pushing for this Senator.  I will keep calling and writing to my other senator and my representative.
Thank you for your statement and service. #specialprosecutor
Thank you, Sen. Brown! So glad to have you representing me.
Thank you for saying this. @senrobportman needs to follow your lead.
Yes indeed we do Senator. We the people deserve this.
Sir, we do not.
With all due respect, Sen.,do you honestly think 45 would appoint someone "independent"?
Thank you, Senator. Please make this happen. Our country needs your leadership.
@senrobportman if you want to show that you are truly a part of a three branch system you will join @SenSherrodBrown
AMEN!
Go back to Washington now, to show solidarity, and be ready for anything !
Thank you Senator Brown.
Thank you. Push for it.
As our Senator, I urge you to MAKE IT HAPPEN. No more talk about what's needed, band together in the Senate and DO IT!
Thank you Senator Brown. I hope @senrobportman will join you in demanding an independent investigation. Clearly, it's necessary & urgent.
Keep pushing please!!!
won't that be under Sessions?  Do we trust?
no statement from @senrobportman on Comey. Get him on the right side of history.
YES WE DO! @senrobportman
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown - I hope you can also make @robportman call for the same action. Too important to democracy to not be bipartisan!
Thanks Sherrod! I'm happy I voted for you. He is trying to sweep this under the rug and it's NOT going to happen. We will get justice!
Yes, why did Russia give the Clinton Foundation millions of dollars when she was Sec of State.
We can sure try, it will be a gigantic uphill battle though , I'm sure the GOP will resist
Thank you for pushing for an independent investigation!
Thanks for fighting for the People!
how? when #Sessions heads doj?
Thank you. Now try and convince @senrobportman to support an independent investigation too. #countryoverpolitics
We need more voices like your's, Senator. Thank you for you views and fighting for Ohio and for the U.S.
Thank you Sen. Brown.  @OhioDistrict12
Our country is in crisis! Now is the time for action! Senator Brown, please, we need help! 
& anyone running for public office as well.
I don't disagree. The same investigation should be done on any suspected fouls play of any public official.
