New: @humana CEO's pay nearly doubled last year to $19.7 million, per SEC filing http://www.wdrb.com/story/34697250/humana-ceos-197-million-pay-nearly-doubles-from-previous-year …
19.7m..
/2000 hours (easy match 40hr*50 weeks)
=
$9,850.
Fed min wage 7.25?
14,500.
Tax rate based on poverty lv needed.
thank you for sticking up for us.....the working poor.
@sampson_elaine Near 600,000 Americans died 2016 due to cancer. Meanwhile Pentagon spends Trillions on a potential threat
If you add heart disease, more Americans die every single day than all the poor souls lost 9/11 #Priorities
Heard a hitjob on @SenSherrodBrown regarding ACA on the radio this morning. Don't worry, we got you. The #corporatists time is at an end.
it's time 2 change after 8yrs of "socialistic leading from behind whimpering & taxing" go @realDonaldTrump POTUS!
@HeidiFleshman such hypocrisy
Wow! What the hell is wrong with us? Why is this sustainable???
Too bad there isn't a "conscience clause" for CEOs.
They don't have a conscience...
@aprilneo and under tha AHCA the pharmaceutical industry has more leeway to increase ceo salaries.
@bannerite Absolutely disgusting! And Trump wants to give them more $$$ 
My opinion, there should be a Healthcare States Consortium! 2-3-4 states (1 for all - all for 1) agreements with Companies.
@LOLGOP The Humana CEO made $20m THEN pulled out of ACA market bc they were "losing money."
Humana's perspective: Why be satisfied with millions when there are billions to be made?  Just sayin'.. It's an INDUSTRY!
that's what the media should be exploiting. Let everyone see the injustice. I'm a nurse and I couldn't live with myself.
@jeanne_daniel just disgusting
Why do you support providers being able to charge different prices to  for the same service?
The AMA doesn't help when they dictate how many doctors are able to practice! talk abt price fixing
you might have more credibility if you had the same healthcare system you mandate for others under Obamacare, and our Vets
Your interview with Bill Wills was inappropriate. He is by far the  perfect interviewer on this planet. You need to apologize!
while you are comparing what people make let's talk about what u make vs. what a Delphi retiree makes after pension theft
@UniteBlueCA @christopherotts @Humana Why on do people need to make that much $$? Do they have any empathy for others?
I own my own policy - will lose it b/c of your vote for Obamacare - thx, $147 to over 400/mo
shameful  America we're better than this! Stand up!!
The U.S. has the highest paid CEOs of any in the industrialized world. 435 times avg worker vs next highest of 45 times.
This is not the bill of the people but the bill for Mar-A-Largo Club member
you don't know if ppl loose health plans yet! It isn't done!
Thanks for continuing to fight for the 99%. Don't let Ryan and his wealthy donors force Trumpcare on us
Please don't let congress decimate Medicaid. My life (and many others) depends on it. This is not an exaggeration.
So outrageous!!! I don't know how these CEO's sleep at night.
Exactly, "President Brown"! Can't believe he just pulled out of Tennessee!
@realDonaldTrump under new plan, ur rich friends make even more while working people gert screwed even more. #WHInc
@LOLGOP the rich get richer the rest of us DIE #Trumpcare SUCKS
@LOLGOP Gross!
in less than 2 hours that ceo makes what MANY people make in a year
In 10 hours they make as much as what % or workers? 80%
this is a travesty;my wife and I made 81k last year, we have a nice 65 yr old home and nice cars but must live pychk2pychk
that is disgusting     Please keep up the good work you are doing.
@christopherotts @Humana btw..no more talk of Russia now that Obama  is getting busted huh?
@christopherotts @Humana so do something about the insurance companies. The government shouldn't be subsidizing healthcare
The Dems had 8 years to solve that!
Dealing with insurance companies makes me ill. Your office has helped me be honest in our dealings w them, sad I needed
This is an obscenity. Fight on, Senator!
when min. wage earners manage a business that serves 13 million customers and creates 52,000 jobs, they can have a raise.
I am sure no one making these juvenile comments has ever read an Economics book.
An econ book is not needed to tell if a biz is solvent. Just see if it goes under. Humana= 55 years and was 73 on Fortune500.
@alpeelknight I don't understand why GOP thinks the insur co will offer anything affordable. They did not before the ACA
When you start talking abt overpaid athletes & movie stars, then I'll listen. Otherwise you have no credibility.
if the Republican attack on the elderly and poor goes through it will more than double next year.
It's disgusting! I don't begrudge anyone a living but the inequality shouldn't be this way in America!
Stop the price fixing and collusion. Prosecute health providers under Sherman Clayton
Save us 
Why do you always make it the rich and the poor argument, disappointing!
I retweeted this already, but I want to add comments...This is *one* company. *One* CEO. I don't understand how--as insured
citizens and customers--we should want to continue in a system that provides so much to the top few, grossly limits coverage for so many,
How do we stop such trends?  I feel more hopeless each passing day. Is anyone coming up with solutions?
@soccerreform Congressmen get paid too much, are ineffective and have no fear of losing their free healthcare.
When are you going to push for price transparency and an end to predatory pricing?
Yes  Aetna pulled out of the Market Place under false claims, bc they wanted to merge w/Humana. Aetna fined.
this is wrong in too many ways
Disgusting!
what about cutting your salary.
thanks Senator for being our eyes; ears; and most importantly or voice!
and the rich get greedier
No to the Republican plan
Dont call this mess anything but #Trumpcare OWN it Republicans  You wanted it. You own it.
Shameful
#Trumpcare
Plus tax deductible performance pay with no limit cap, even if millions!   Will provide huge tax break to CEO's!
that is disgusting! We need limits on healthcare and prescription drug cost.  My family's health cost is biggest expense!
with all due respect, sir: #OBSTRUCT #RESIST 45140
Not to mention they lied about why they were getting out of the exchanges to try to get a merger through.
Wow...how many iPhone is *that*?
Single payer national healthcare is the answer.The rest of the civilized world has it.Drain the swamp
you tell them Sen. Brown
@christopherotts @Humana Only fair if you're the ceo. Sounds just as if this group is in cahoots w/the ego.
What section in Constitution states health care is federal governments responsibility? I'll wait
just not right
You and your family are not on Obamacare. You should be. Maybe the elite will find out what we pay for healthcare
It's sickening that people make this much money on other people's illnesses and suffering.
GREEDY BASTARDS!!!
Thanks, Senator Brown. When we have men such as you behind us, we know the good guys will win eventually!  Hope it's soon!
Yes, yet another example of how Republicans in the House work so hard to harm the working man; Trumpcare willbe devastating
I'll bet they all vote Democrat.
@EllenMorris1222 but I thought the insurance companies were suffering???
did I read somewhere that Humana managed to somehow opt out of ACA?
