So what is a pre-existing condition? Let's put it like this - you may pay more for healthcare under their plan if you've been affected by:
AIDS/HIV, acid reflux, acne, ADD, addiction, Alzheimer's/dementia, anemia, aneurysm, angioplasty...
...anorexia, anxiety, arrhythmia, arthritis, asthma, atrial fibrillation, autism, bariatric surgery, basal cell carcinoma...
...bipolar disorder, blood clot, breast cancer, bulimia, bypass surgery, celiac disease, cerebral aneurysm, cerebral embolism...
...cerebral palsy, cerebral thrombosis, cervical cancer, colon cancer, colon polyps, congestive heart failure, COPD, Crohn's disease...
...cystic fibrosis, DMD, depression, diabetes, disabilities, Down syndrome, eating disorder, enlarged prostate, epilepsy, glaucoma...
…gout, heart disease, heart murmur, heartburn, hemophilia, hepatitis C, herpes, high cholesterol, hypertension, hysterectomy...
...kidney disease, kidney stones, kidney transplant, leukemia, lung cancer, lupus, lymphoma, mental health issues, migraines, MS...
...muscular dystrophy, narcolepsy, nasal polyps, obesity, OCD, organ transplant, osteoporosis, pacemaker, panic disorder, paralysis...
...paraplegia, Parkinson's disease, pregnancy, restless leg syndrome, schizophrenia, seasonal affective disorder, seizures...
...sickle cell disease, skin cancer, sleep apnea, sleep disorders, stent, stroke, thyroid issues, tooth disease, tuberculosis...
...and ulcers. To name a few. And chances are, you or someone you know has dealt with something (or multiple things) on this list.
Folks with pre-existing conditions shouldn't be charged more for healthcare. It's as simple as that.
PleaseDO NOT PASS this ACA Bill.SoMany Survivors of Cancer, HIV/AIDS, Mental Illness need Continuing Coverage,.PLEASE as an American Citizen
And if you have lots of accidents (your driving history) you might be charged more for insurance than a safe driver
Sighs..I have most of those pre existing conditions. Ty for fighting @SenSherrodBrown
Please tell me you are a republican and that your colleagues agree that the House bill is an assault on humanity.
I am one of your constituents. Every person I know is or has been affected by something on this list. Please fight for us.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown , U R a great hero to me & I support you. Your state/nation has many reasons to be proud, go far & do well!
Fight for us senator. Don't let them use reconsililation
please protect our right to healthcare. My child shouldn't be denied access because she was born with a diagnosis
THE RUMP and CONGRESS are "covered" by excellent healthcare and don't give a shit about the rest of us!

Drain the swamp FOR REAL in 2018!
Is Mr Soros still supposedly paying for all the people protesting? If so, even he might be starting to feel the pinch by now.
And?
actually, I am f**ked because of pre-existing conditions.  Why not add #AssistedSuicide and #Euthanasia
@quesaDIJAH
Since every body born is destined to age & die, from #GOP viewpoint isn’t having a body an uncovered #PreExistingCondition?
Might?????
You MIGHT be charged more? So you have no clue?
What's your excuse for rising premiums & deductibles under ACA? @TheDemocrats did squat knowing ACA was a bag all along!
"Colon polyps" now a preexisting condition? They're in about 25% of people over 50. If u don't have 'em, 1 of your other 3 friends does
With my union I pay 17.90 cents a week... Had Healthcare since I was 23 (1993) until Jan of 2016 had a stent inserted no complications.
THIS THREAD: Read it and weep. Literally. This is what your @HouseGOP and @realDonaldTrump have wrought.
Brown, you can't even buy insurance in my state thanks to imploding Obamacare. Better to pay a little more than have freaking nothing!!
if "you might" is it also accurate that "you might not"?
Golly! Ya think??
It's already bad. As long as health care decisions are driven by insurance companies, we're ALL screwed anyway.
How many of us pay for insurance on our car, home, life, etc when it comes to health it is wrong
You said it, you might. That's not what the bill said. But at least u see wording in this bill. You voted for Obamacare that u had not read
Thank you for standing up for humans. Glad you are my Senator.
Thank you. I am a loyal constituent of yours for sure!!!
Sorry 2 of ur oh folks
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676 … NOW IS THE TIME!
@PRyan @SenateMajLdr Ryan&McConnell--Why is it OK to charge Americans more for healthcare if they have a pre-existing condition?
Sen Brown I for one am 66 yrs old and have had asthma since I was 3.. I have a friend who has a grandson who has CP. We r in oh.
What does it say about us as a nation when our leaders gleefully sing a victory song because they are taking health-care away from people?
Why is FedGov in the business of Health Insurance? Insurance is Not Care; Either Free-market Health "CARE" or Socialism; You pick
I cannot believe they were singing "na na hey hey."  That's EMBARASSING that they cheered for kicking people off of care
Not only that, but there is a penalty of 30 percent for a year for gaps in coverage !! Insane!!
SHAME on the House GOP 4 voting #AHCA Trump's #Deathcare 

Jam -lines of GOP Senators. Phone #'s
https://twitter.com/animaeme/status/860303065693339648 …

#VoteNoAHCA
 Senate needs 50 votes to pass #AHCA 
 GOP Senators to #VoteNO 

If messages r full TEXT Resist to 50409 & send Fax…
If you have a pre-existing condition, someone is paying for your treatment. Should that be total strangers?
#thetruth Sen. Brown  Tell'em this has to stop immediately
You mean if you're a higher risk, you might have to pay more???  Like car insurance?  Like credit cards?  Like mortgage rates?
You mean like being a woman? Yes. I have that pre-existing condition. I think 50% of the population does. This is a war on women.
We didn't start the fire! Well, we stole your house insurance and killed the firefighters...
Thank you ,Senator Brown. This should have been required reading for all Americans.
Let the GOP Billionaires pay the difference.
Make this stop 
Trumpcare
Thank you, Sen. Brown!
I know you'll do your best to stop it. I buy my insurance from the exchange, I'm self-employed, and have celiac disease and hypothyroidism.
And under Obamacare, you won't be able to pay more for preexisting; your Healthcare provider just cancelled policies in your state.
For Iowa since there are no insurance companies on the exchange they are not covering anything
that's how insurance works. Higher risk, higher premiums
So now my daughter wont be able to receive her kidney transplant.  Thanks
Face it -majority of Americans over 50 have at least one of these conditions! So being older is now a pre-existing condition? Screw you #GOP
Even the numerous GOP members who had big issues with it and were brought in promised "oh we'll just add that later after it's law..really?
And that's how the GOP Health Plan -- Trumpcare -- "saves" money, by providing coverage only to people who don't need any treatment.
