@chrislhayes  I am disappointed that @SenSherrodBrown is not trying to help us by talking to @robportman about this terrible bill.
#Inners imagine voting for the combustible cladding on the Grenfell tower. A vote for #AHCA #BCRA #Trumpcare is a foreseeable tragedy.
He's not wrong.
Seriously....give up on the moral high ground
Former ICU nurse and have seen a lot of people die from preventable disease-this argument is moral!
How many people did you see die that didn't go to the doctor because their premiums and out of pockets were too high
honestly when you care for a critically ill person you don't really care.
many middle class Americans were essentially kicked off because the couldn't afford the premiums/out of pockets .they were the contributors
I'm a contributor. Unfortunately health care coverage is to expensive. This bill won't fix it.
especially for middle class.
I remember everyone saying the same thing about Obamacare before it got passed, "Pass it to find out what's in it!" #remember? I do 
Do not merely look out for your own personal interests, but also for the interest of others.   Philippians 2:4
Morality is that voice that says just because you can do something doesn't mean you should. So, yes that is a good a description as any.
Healthcare is not optional...it is every Americans RIGHT!
Do tell?
Millions of people-----are too POOR to afford the Democrats health care law

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8079919/1/ …
A statement of the obvious, but it needs to be said.  This does not "promote the general welfare."  That's what the constitution says to do.
30 Million still didn't have insurance under #ACA, some by choice. $770 p/p +$4K deductible for a silver plan in C-Bus is not affordable!
I'm so proud of Sherrod Brown. Rob Portman - not so much.
The brilliance of the Rs is they are able to con people into supporting ideas against their own interests. They leave Ds in their dust.
Thanks for being a decent Ohioan @SenSherrodBrown
Daddy what are morals? Well kiddo in the BK (Before Koch) days we would anticipate reactions and try to avoid pain. Now we just shoot first.
GOP undercover is discussing way give everyone free healthcare but democrats oppose. if gov, is allowed 2 keep deceased gold teeth its free
It's full out morally reprehensible!
So C.H. has to educate Congressman Rooney on what the Senate procedure  will be regarding his vote on health care. Are these people for real
It's a Death Bill
The idea that the free market is the answer for health care is just crazy. Never going to work. The insurance providers are just too greedy.
The ONLY answer is Medicare For All!
Senator Brown is 100% correct.
That's my senator! @SenSherrodBrown is the best!
Wht l dnt gt is why Dems arnt overtrng trmps prez! 39 states prvd thr votr rolls tmprd wth! Law sz ethr HRC gts instlld or new election!
HE'S THE BEST!
You asked "why" on your show. Got no answer. Here's one. Money perks for the rich without much fear of losing supporters hurt by the bill.
Not looking forward to '18 with the rematch of two fools for this Senate seat. Brown or Mandel wins, Ohio loses either way.
No "pretty" about it -  its fully and totally morally reprehensible. 
The end
Lotsa $$$$$$$$$ which gets them absolute power wins out when soulless people are elected.  Thanks Citizens United/SCOTUS for USA downfall 
elect billionaires they said.
they have nothing to gain they said.
Guess what? They now OWN the USA
Some people wouldcall it #MURDER. I guess burgining populations of the white working class need to be culled....
I Agree with Sherrod Brown!
Someone shud ask Koch bros for interview! And why aren't their names EVER mentioned!
Thank God we have one great Senator in Ohio! Thanks for representing us! Our other Senator sells us out time & time again.

Kind of like the electric car back in the day, right?
Whenever people to morality something shady always follows....like Bernie being investigated for bank fraud. He was all about social justice
As they’ve shown since taking full control Jan 20th, ‘morally reprehensible’ is effectively the @GOP ‘s mission statement.
Agreed!
Great big lie!!!
What you're doing with phony Russia collusion and Trump is even worse. Your promulgating false narrative's. More likely Dems colluded
The purpose of this bill, is to legalize discrimination against certain populist. THEY ALL KNOW THIS!! Why hide?
I remember in the house bill the CBO supposedly said some savings would come from early death
Am I making this up?
Nope
#ExpandMedicaidNow #Impact #Inners
#ExpandMedicaidNow #Impact #Inners
I can't believe we need to beg for decent  health for everyone but wealthy people& all the lies  DT & the GOP Congress are telling us!
Time for Single Payer!
#Inners
America's health insurance, which determines if people live or die, shouldn't be part of the "free market system." #SinglePayer #CBOSCORE
Reminder that the jews control health insurance.
@kcookie818 @SenSherrodBrown She's right.
What happened to the secret recording at the retreat where the republicans discussed their plan. Which also didn't exist at the time
Hmmm, not sure what your talking about, interesting?
Isn't the free market system what we had before Obamacare that was ruining our economy? I'm confused by the GOP talking points. Help!
I think that's their goal.
Chris! Hold your republicans guests accountable! The ACA is not a failure, It was a success. This repeal is a tax cut for rich donors!
FreeSpeechDish9415, on direct TV also!
15 million fewer insured next year.  Would that make Senate Republicans a "death panel"?  You betcha.
Yep!
THANK U @chrislhayes  keep talking, put them in there place... @DaytzMichelle  in CA. LYME DISEASE SURVIOR. i fight for the sick
did that Rep really admit he had no idea how conference committee worked and, gulp, wasn't totally sure such a thing exists?
Yep! He ddnt even know he had to vote on it! Maybe shdnt a told him so he wudnt vote!
..with malice of forethought.
Repubs talking heads keep saying we've over extended ourselves with medicade so cuts are needed. If we are so overextended why cut taxes?
Cuz their nothing more than greedy oligarchs!
Disgusted with the dishonesty of Rooney (and all defenders of trump care).  CBO is nothing but voodoo economics.  Really!
Oh like they even understand economics! Single payer, ACA saves bzns millions! Cuz thy dnt have pay as much or anythg to cover employees!
Attack on accuracy of the CBO perfectly exemplifies state of RW media & base -- Facts/stats/analysis don't matter. Everything is partisan.
Its only accurate when gop wants it to be!
Who is FL Congressman doesn't know senate bypassing compromise & jam down THEIR throat. Are you tutoring GOP now? God they're so blind.
This Mo Ron ddnt even know he wz suppsd to vote on it! Hayes shdnt have told him!
Please explain.WHY CAN'T WE THE PEOPLE ENJOY THE SAME COVERAGE AFFORDED TO CONGRESS & THE SENATE? OR THEY GET WHAT WE GET. DEMOCRATIC 
I agree-&to GOP goal to repeal&replace Obamacare-didn't they imply to their voters that replacemt would be BETTER than ACA,not worse.
I don't think Maine took the #Medicaid expansion b/c of Paul LePage.
#inners
For the love of god...free market healthcare was around decades before Obamacare. Please call out @GOP when they are argue this on your show
I heard Trump has recommended that those who need very expensive care go before a panel of republicans to make a cost benefit analysis.
Including Steve Scalise?
@chrislhayes took apart @RepRooney. He's another shill for the rich. Didn't know about conference? WTF
Hi Sam. I was thinking the same thing and then I saw this was you!
I have to mute while you interview treasonous liars like the FL Rep., I admire your ability to stomach their lies without vomiting on them.
And pundits who keep lettg gops gt awy wth lying abt ACA without EVER contradcting them!
Like as in "sorta" or "kinda"? Ya think?
It is what they campaigned on. Vote better next time, rubes
@chrislhayes Capitalism isn't for the morally encumbered
I'd like someone to ask these jerks what is so "disastrous" about the ACA? If there are flaws, why not just correct the flaws?
The ONLY thing they got is you can't ALWAYS choose ur own doctor..that and insrnc co's are bailg, thr only bailg cuz gop is dsmantlg ACA.
Who would have thought the Christian values party could do something like this?
And they're screaming we're worse because we're pro choice
Our senator! One of the great Dem heroes--and there aren't many.
Give that dick, Francis Rooney the hook!
destruction or slaughter on a mass scale, healthcare holocaust
I disagree with Sherrod Brown. It's MONSTROUS. "Morally reprehensible" is far too lenient.
"No shit, Sherrod."
This, in no way, concerns them
And what #republicans are saying about it. One says it's just #rollingback #medicaid. One says it's #expanding it.
just saw an article that says "women" are not mentioned in the Trumpcare Plan!

 We should regulate guns
 YOU WANNA TAKE MY GUN
 No
 REGULATE MEANS TAKE AWAY
…
Uh, no it dznt..it means have some sensible regulations, like how bout schizophrenics who arnt allwd to handl thr own $ nt b,able 2 gt a gun
