We must not rest until President Trump has removed each of these anti-Semitic, racist, misogynistic cronies from his Administration.
Take Stephen Miller - who the noted white supremacist Richard Spencer claimed as a mentee.
Sebastian Gorka, a deputy assistant to the president, said that the recent bombing of a MN mosque may have been a "fake hate crime.”
The WH's Julia Hahn is closely aligned with Bannon's views - Ann Coulter said that she wants Hahn to be Pres "as soon as she's old enough."
HHS' Teresa Manning referred to Joe Sobran - an anti-Semite known for calling Holocaust deniers "courageous" - as a "national treasure."
Bannonites are sprinkled throughout the total administration. They are like cockroaches scurrying around  when the lights come on.
Love you but please leave the statues alone.. they aren't causing the problem. People are! Its our history. don't get rid of history!
It's not erasing history. It's removing symbols that were put up in times of racial strife to intimidate blacks & perptuate Southern myth.
its our past! life moves on and we should be proud about that! But guess you support only one race. I support mankind!
U think hitler has a statue? Why not? Oh i know. HE KILLED HUMANS!
many people have statues that killed humans.
Of the subject, can you explain to me what, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MEANS.
Cause im 50, and from what ive read and seen,, it aint never been great. Unless SLAVERY or THE CIVIL WAR was a great time.
You can move to other countries if this one is so bad!
The country aint bad, just the people in control.
Besides, if MASTER wouldnt have forced my ancestors here, IN THIS COUNTRY, I'D still be hunting and bar b queing everyday.
I'm sorry Mr brown but your wrong! People , white males specifically have been getting the screw for 50 yrs. it's about time someonestandsup
All you here about is the minorities? Well guess what? White males in this country are the minority's now.
Then why has president Trump received so many awards from the black community how many have you received?
Here's a novel idea. Impeach Trump. Force him to resign like Nixon
And 80% of congress #wasserman Schultz how many dems need prosecuted for illegal deeds you don't want that do you hypocrite??
If you made more sense ya might get more than 1 follower. lol
There has never been so much hate like the Dems have shown to our president.  He won, get over it.
your unfounded name calling is why our country can't heal.
You can't call people racists and haters and then pander to them. Remember who won Ohio because of PC and identity politics. Chew on that.
That would include mr trump! #NotMyPresident #impeachtrump#trumprussia
Yes, like the president. Time for him to go, too.
How many people do you think are working in the white house now who were there during the Obama administration.
Tweet after tweet about hatred for Pres Trump?  Do you not have anything else to do?  How can U spend all your time perpetuating lies?

Brown, where is your call for the removal of a lunatic democratic lawmaker from Missouri calling for presidents assassination. Dems hate OK?
It is the left that is full of bigotry,hate & intolerance. The hate Trump and anyone who supports him, Resist, & Obama leftovers are problem
#Resistance
Now if you guys could just get Trump out of the WH that would be great.
Having his whole family in there running the government like a family business is not good policy either but I doubt the kids will ever go.
We must not rest until Trump is removed.
What has he ever said that you can say that?
Bannon has TOP SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE- and is now running a destructive media machine.  How can we  protect the USA from this evil guy?

B S
Bannon kept your white privileged A$$ out of war!!
Thank you for saying this.
THANK YOU! It's so good to see this finally being acknowledged. Keep up the good work, Senator.
His staff for one thing and Miller Gorka, and the rest of the scum.
Thank you, @SenSherrodBrown. Please continue representing the American people.
I hope you understand that Bannon left in order to go to war with the left without the rules of official duty. #Resist
Absolutely
Minions and acolytes!  The Trumpette's
Trump must vacate the OO. Patriots are needed to do the heavy lifting. We are behind you. Impeach or 25A.
These tweet only serve to rally your base and alienate everyone else. Not how you achieve unity. I foolishly expected better from you
Where's your outage for ANTIFA???
Unfortunately, Bannon is posed to continue doing damage in his position at Breitbart, and there is nothing to keep that in check.
You mean like the democrats!
You should be ashamed!
If you and @senrobportman could kindly confirm that all security clearance for Bannon was cancelled, I would sleep just a bit better.
. Bannon will be able to help Mr. Trump more now that he has a voice. Mr. Trump is so much smarter than  you think.
Is its hate an bigotry or about serving american people ,while congress takes kickbacks for American jobs
Thanks for the efforts you put in for workers in your district. But if you could stay away from all your party's bs you'd have time for more
Put one fact out there before you attempt to assassinate someone's character you got rich doing nothing but obstruct and hate hypocrite
I did not vote for @realDonaldTrump Bannon's departure is a good thing but your statement is a gross political,over-exaggeration
Is it? No one should like white supremacists in the freaking White House. Come on
"WH is full of his acolytes" yes to S.Miller & S.Gorka who r arrogant,smug pin heads,but after them,WHO?
Banning is still on speed dial-dems being played again.
You're removal from the Senate by our great state of Ohio will be a step in the right direction as well.
Again way to unify. Jack ass
How would you like it if people started talking about you and making things up.
Including trump.
Yes they need to go including McConnell and Ryan
I think you are suggesting a self-removal of himself. In other words, resign.
You should try Kindness
The democrats represent nothing but bigotry
True. Thanks for keeping up the good fight. #resist
Yea Obama didn't have any issues with his cabinet?  Van Jones was solid!
The sooner the better.
The only way to clean house is to remove Trump from office. #UnfitToServe
Notably Donald Trump
You're sounding a bit hateful yourself. And more than a little childish. But I'm just a registered voter from Ohio.
That's right. Keep up the divisiveness! Be bitter!   Vindictiveness is the only path to good government.
Why stop with his acolytes? Trump himself needs to go. He is not fit for this office. #ImpeachTrumpNow
I say corrupt politicians
Yes, you're absolutely right! Please start with @realDonaldTrump #Impeach #25thAmendment

Cut the snake off at the head.
Culture and don't make racism the new culture, stop the long and old practice of divide and conquer, that's not your job.
Obviously if 100 of a percent of 21 trillion went into viable education rather than radicalizing them, diversity wolid no be an issue, teach
Gorka is next then the Trump clan.
We need to start with the likes of you,  The USA was made dangerous by Obama and his antics, now you
BOT!!!
It's own gains political and personal, the biggest racist thing in this country is the 21 trillion of debt, the debt in 2001 was 5.7
Come on Mr. Brown the silent majority and working class are fed up with the blame game and progressive movement that highjacks causes for
Miller Gorka etc. Please name them. They have names.
Really is it rascism or to proved for Americans
Including the President! What are you doing to help us? 
We're counting on you!
Censure
might as well double down since you'll be losing in 2018
CR: !! NAME NAMES !! OR GET A JOB WITH CNN !!
Bannon is now unfettered and in shorts, like he likes. Far more dangerous.
Trump needs to be removed. Trump/Bannon don't care about issues of race. They care about causing civil unrest. Bannon's leak was no accident

Steve Bannon never left Breitbart. This just makes it official: Breitbart was & is a propaganda arm of the Trump WH. https://twitter.com/Evan_Rosenfeld/status/898667682333048832 …
Sure they don't...quit playing up the narrative...you know better
Yes, including the President. What are you going to do to remove him?
You are wrong. Do what's right for America and Americans.
Exactly! Be clear and concise. Trump must go as well.

Thanks Senator for your work and service.
Including @POTUS
U still holding office. Its that the dnc talking points.
Yes and Trump is the worst one. We don't rest until he's gone. Hopefully by Bob Mueller b/c both parties won't step & save our country.
Some proof of bigotry please...
Trump is the biggest problem. None of the staff changes matter.
Bannon isn't really gone. He still has trump's ear. He and Mercer are up to something.
We can only hope
You normal liberals seem to always get everything wrong who is the one that started it all was Democrats get it right
Alinsky talk again. You are an un-American jerk.
Huffington Post: Sorry Liberals, A Violent Response To Trump Is As Logical As Any http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jesse-benn/sorry-liberals-a-violent-_b_10316186.html … …
so, Trump, you mean…

Starting with Trump.
So, the question remains: "When is enough, enough?" Trump showed us his true colors. His past words and deeds are cumulative. He must resign
Yes he has a great leader
Please cite references for this tweet.  Your feelings are not a reference.
Thank you sir. You make me proud to be a new resident of Ohio.

Steve Bannon is fired and #FireGorka is trending?

Gotta admit...I did Nazi that coming. 

ICYMI: We love you. 
Introduce articles of impeachment. Or whatever u r allowed to do.
Yea I know. I was angry tweeting. Guess what, I read, I know what crazy looks like and I know nobody is doing anything about it
Senator Brown, we believe, honor and support you. Th for being the light in our storm.
While giving away America jobs
Yeah two Admins in a row loaded with anti-Semitism is two too many.
Let's hope that the house Judiciary Committee Impeaches both Trump and Pence. That will be a way to clear the WH in one swift move.
One idiot being Mike Pence, the Other idiot being Jeff Sessions.
You mean like our president?  #Impeach45
One of them happens to be the president.
Bannon was a symptom, not a cure.
