We should've won to stop them.   Force a real Investigation of how Russia manipulated vote totals or we'll never win again
investigation already done: no affect

Wake me up when there's some actual evidence.
So do something about it, Senator. There will be riots if this crap keeps up.
there's already riots from the "tolerant" left
You fucking asshat:  we do NOT have 2 B tolerant of yr stupidity, bigotry, misogyny, hypocrisy or fake Christianity. Go fuck yrself.
-Unhelpful form/level of communication. To gain support & activate people, we need to emphasize common ground.      @vtcc83
No common ground when leftwing insists violent riots are answer to getting their way
-Those were small group of anarchists who disrupted peaceful protests.  @LeftsideAnnie
You're fooling yourself. Those protests were never peaceful.
-I was there.  @LeftsideAnnie
What else would we expect from Pres.who pays no taxes and nominates billionaire for Ed. Sec?
@Stephen80209 Donald trump is a lying troll
keep an eye on it.
I think Trump's attempts to gut Dodd-Frank are very troublesome. How can it be stopped?
why didn't you show up to the hearings this past week?
Please work to stop these wreckless actions that Rep. Congress is taking. Your Cleveland constituent.
we can not let this happen! This WH is not for the common man, but for the uber wealthy! Stop this... thanks!
Save us!
get these thugs out of the WH - it's a national emergency. Bannon is running the show. Outrageous!
can you please tell senator Portman and his staffers to actually answer their phones
Let Sen.Portman know his constituents aren't happy. Already wrote him, called him, emailed him.
yeah but Portman doesn't respond
Well then vote his ass out
Exactly!!!!!#%*
The Repeal of Dodd - Frank.. No no..
I already lost everything This speaks to the REAL game plan Trump has. Surprise! Not
It needs to be gutted. It is almost impossible for small businesses to get loans, afford health insurance, pay OH RE Taxes.
@senrobportman
resist Trump whenever possible.
I'm a Buckeye and want to volunteer for you. What can I do? I'm a wmw activist.
@OHDems stop these EO.
Keep up the pressure!
@SenateDems Say it in plain words!  He's going to steal us blind w the Rs as accomplices!  Protection Racket!
Still waiting for my answer on "commitments" @RealBenCarson made to you to gain your support for HUD. #Constituent #VoteNo
resist & get the news out to the world
is it true that, as of Wednesday, you voted yes on 4 of Trump's 5 nominees?
Keep standing up for your constituents, Senator!  Thank you for listening to us. #Resist
they won't get away with murder,  they will be receiving bonuses for it.
the issue is #regulatorycapture
keep up the fight!
Go get'm Sherry... I respect your leadership. Behind you 100%
typical. I cannot believe people in rural America thought #trump cared at all about them. He only cares about the rich
And the rich get richer and the middle class shrinks!
@POTUS   Filling the swamp with Wall St execs and billionaires.
speak truth to power Sherrod!
so stop them. Conflict of interest. Sue these people. Get #NMPTrump tax returns. Do NOT let approve his harrible cabinet.
You gotta find some sane Repubs and get this nut out quickly!!! He works for us. We want a full psych evaluation!!
As a former consultant, I feel like money in your mattress is better.  Do something, please! For the live of Franklin!
45 is draining the swamp right into the White House. Keep fighting for American Values, constitution, democracy. #nomandate
just another Trump lie!
Thank you for doing what you can.  Even if it is just keeping us aware of what's going on. We will remember 11/18.
#keepfighting #resist #dumptrump
Geeze, how different is this from Obama? But you still bow down to the ADL and AIPAC so nothing changes.
well some of us didn't believe that
Gee, I guess he lied because, maybe he's a billionaire?
why not?...he's already gotten away with actual murder...botched raid, anyone?
thank you for fighting for us. I know you guys are in the minority, please keep doing what's right
Privatize Social Security so the Wall Street can "double down" .... is that next week's fun ?  Represent US !
can we stop it?
Ah yeah, drain that swamp. Only putting more piranhas in the pond.
Consumer protection? Who needs that? Wait til DJT supporters try 2 invest, buy a home. Ha! Think he supports poor YOU?
Trump team sent me email w/ petition2 support #Fascist #SCOTUS & it wasn't the official WH petition site.
Krep up the #RESISTANCE Senator, we need you!
He has shown us who he is a LIAR! Do NOT think he is going to change. He cares NOTHING about anyone except himself!
Not surprised!! That he had those leeches in his cabinet. Padding their pockets.
He is doing nothing except sandbagging.  Delay votes, not vote, less than 2 years left.
you #resist anyway you can.
but it was ok for Obama and Hillary to take their $$$ #hypocrite
@PattyArquette The Goldman Sachs we in DK sold the majority of our largest energy company, very fittlingly, called Dong to.
@LanceFoss1 To help the middle class. Lose their savings once again.
.@SenSherrodBrown Perhaps not murder, but certainly theft, fraud, bribery, collusion, etc. Words matter. #ResistanceisnotFutile #resist
people believed him. Crazy, I knew that would happen. #stopTrump
@EdSkipper so fight it!!
@PattyArquette #fake_news @mammamia7
@EdSkipper hello 2007! Here we go again
But Hillary made a speech!  So Trump invited them into the hen house.
If his lips are moving... he's lying!!! Never want to be around him or Kellyanne - Not even good liars!!
Donald Trump is a liar, everyone in the administration is a liar. We can never become apathetic to this BS.
@PattyArquette Sen Brown pls help to do all u can to unite Dems to stop this lunatic! I'm a CLE dem
Please push every chance you get to move the Russian Interference in Election Investigation to the forefront
@PattyArquette He's probly cllg it manslaughtrt nstead of murder since only "huMANS" will suffer.
I'll believe a corp is a person whn TX executes one of them.
@PattyArquette
Isn't There Something CONGRESS CAN DO. ..???? Trump Lied to His Supporters Someone needs to Tell Them On FOX NEWS
Congress could appoint special prosecutor to see if grounds for impeachment, then get rid of Pence too.
My husband is getting back his dual citizenship with Mexico so we can protect our children if we need to.
we're doing the same, getting swiss passports as we all have dual citizenship. 
fight, I am behind you Sherrod!
stop him please
@CaseyHinds poor GoldmanSachs

Couldn't loan money out

Forced to pay out Public Rescue Billion$ as Bonuses

Bad times
they are giving themselves rope to hang themselves with; increase leverage to maximize the crash effects
@POTUS has important financial backers to reach around.
So it's still a Goldman WH like the previous 8 years? Continuity I guess but you seemed ok with the last Goldman WH. Odd.
Look @ cabinet nominees' bios. Read actual news. The very people & policies U voted against r now running D.C.
I voted 3rd party since I don't like GoldmanSachs-run WH by either party. Thanks for assuming I voted Donny.
environmental hazard, I'm afraid. 
actually Trump promised to drain the swamp, Mr Alligator.
I got a mortgage this year so I want to gut Dodd Frank too. It is a bad piece of legislation.  Makes easy things hard.
thank you. Keep up the good fight. Voters will remember
yeah and vote in a Repub #winning
Tell us what you're going to do about it.
keep up the pressure.
stand up and fight for us Senator.
and I bet @senrobportman votes along party lines to repeal Dodd-Frank.
No one should trust tRump's promises, since he's already promised to Putin.
please push back and refuse to work w/ policies that endanger the American ppl, especially the most marginalized!
we expect you and the others to block every damn thing the GOP tries just like they did the last 8yrs. Fight!!
Thank you for standing up for Ohioans and Americans everywhere! #resist
What needs gutted are all the corporate whores in government, from the white house all the way down.
@Gov_Rick_Perry said Trump was like a Cancer. You need to excise it.
biggest concern job ever perpetrated.
trump said he would drain the swamp #TrumpIsTheSwamp #TrumpLiesEveryday but Hillary gave a speech
Ah Sherrod, that was an "alternative campaign promise".
#trumpworld
I can't believe u still talk after selling the working class out with ur health care mandate. FOREIGN JOBS PROGRAM.
Then DO something to STOP it!!  Article II gives CONGRESS not this "president" the authority to govern/legislate!!#impeach
This is rolling back the DOL ruling for Financial Advisors, right? WOW Congress must stop this train? HELP #resist
like u really care u sell out. At least that's better than selling are borders. U lame duck
And you're a dumbshit with zero concept of government or economics.
u live in Oregon and I'm dumbass
