thank you for standing up for our kids, Senator Brown!
thank you for supporting Ohio children today. We won't forget it. #indivisibleOH12
Sen. Brown, I'm glad Devos was voted in. Furthermore I hope you will vote yea for Jeff Sessions. Thanks!
Thank you, Senator, for representing the best interests of Ohioans and Americans.
thank you for this statement! #emphatically #buckeyepride #NotoDeVos  maybe @robportman should watch this?!?
I supported your vote of no thank you
also THANK YOU for taking a stand against DeVos. Sad that @senrobportman couldn't do the same.
thanks for trying.
ty for trying!!! You're efforts did not go unnoticed #rest #theresistance
Thank you!!
you want Black kids to have an inferior education
Eloquently put, Senator Brown. Honored that you represent our beautiful state!
Every Senator knows this. Some are withering cowards.  Bravo to you Senator Brown
I wonder how teachers who voted T are feeling now about their voting choices.
thank you for thinking of the children and not thinking of your wallet. Proud to call you my Senator
thank you for standing up for our children yesterday. Ohio will not forget!
why should you have to? it was Portman's vote not yours. Ohioans voted for Trump and now our kids pay the price
Sen Brown is a SEXIST pig
Thank you!!
Thank you for standing up.  @senrobportman should have done  same!
thank you Senator Brown for looking out for America's children!
so your colleagues are afraid of President Trump?  I think you all are!!
Thank you for doing what is right, and for representing me.
Thank you!
thank you for supporting our students!
thanks for saying no to devos!!
Thank you, Senator Brown.
.@SenSherrodBrown thank you for standing up for our kids! I'm proud you're one of my senators. I wish I could say the same for the other
Thank you for standing up for our children and their education. This nominee was grossly unqualified.
@smootdexter @YouTube  go JD bring on the political smack!!
Thank you for voting no on Betsy Devos.
Hey @SenSherrodBrown @SherrodBrown how do I sign up to volunteer for your campaign?
thank you for your vote no on Devos. Thank you for trying and not being bought like @senrobportman. Thx for ur integrity
thank you for trying!
Thank you for standing up against #DEVOS @SenSherrodBrown
Thank you for your integrity. For listening to your constituents. Thank you for standing against this regime
Thank you for standing for our kids.
Thank you for siding with our kids. If only another Ohio senator cared more about them.
our next President!
Thanks for listening to your constituents, unlike that jackass @senrobportman
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for standing up for Ohio! Unlike #RatPortman, he had some campaign debts to pay I guess. #portman is a sellout!
So she's kinda like the Teachers union in that regard.
Thank you for your loyalty and service to the people of Ohio.  Too bad Ohio's other senator cannot say the same.
Thank you.
#NotoDeVos Sad day for our kids. Non educated billionaire.
Of course she will! That's all she sees... $$$$$$$$
thank you.
The Senate's biggest mistake. You all should be ashamed of yourselves.
Thank you!
Thank you for trying  think all's lost with this administration by the time 2018 roles around the country will be destroyed
Thank you for listening to your constituents & for your integrity. I appreciate your service to Ohio.
thank you for standing up for your constituents! Too bad @senrobportman was too busy cashing that check to vote NO
Really, Sherrod?  Profits ahead of kids' education?  Are you making this up or just delusional?
thanks for trying!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR COURAGE AND THOUGHTFULNESS!!!
AMEN. Too bad your colleague @robportman doesn't feel that way and instead takes bribes. #HesGottaGo
if you cared about children you would hold the pathetic public school system accountable.
Thank you Senator! We know you fought the good fight. @senrobportman is a sell out.
Average per pupil per year cost in Ohio, $10,700. Who is putting union jobs ahead of education?
you are just as crooked as her or worse. You cant look anybody in the eye. Josh Mandell 2018
Thank you for voting against DeVos!
Thank you! Hang in there for us!
Sure is terrible to give poor people choice. Side with teacher union cronies and against poor people. Typical democrat.
how tha work out for you dummy. Josh Mandell 2018
It seems hopeless to stop her, but maybe...
You will always have our support!
Thank you for standing up for our children and public schools. I'm proud that you are my senator.
Thank you Sherrod. Now get @realDonaldTrump to undergo #fullmentalneuropsychologicalevaluation 4 the safety of US
Or that she won't funnel public money into religious schools where evolution is a swearword. #Gilead. Theocracy is coming.
thanks for this... The fight will continue.
Thank you, Senator Brown.
Thank you Sen. Brown for your efforts today. You have my support!
I will do everything to see you are reelected 2018 ! Looks  like Portman took a bribe - sold our kids out- TY Sen
The opposite is true. She doesn't need money.
Good for you, good for Ohio. Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Brown!
Thank you for taking our calls and listening to us! / You care about Ohio  and it shows! Proud you are my Sen!
@OHDems @YouTube thank you.
Thank you for standing up for the children of Ohio & our nation! You represent the better nature of Congress and the US!
thank you for fighting for Ohio's children. Your efforts will be remembered.
Thank you, Senator Brown.  Too bad the other senator from Ohio didn't feel the same way.
thank you for trying. If only @senrobportman had put kids' education first, too. Our schools deserve better. #asshat
thanks for trying, senator. Unfortunately your colleagues on the other side have no spine.
Thank you for voting NO against DeVos.
Why should she? @realDonaldTrump , his wife, fam and possibly most of cabinet are using our govt as moneymaking opportunity
Thank you for standing up for our kids. Not one republican has the courage to stand up to incompetence.
wow, now I know what my Michigander friends were so worried about. totally disgusting.
if only more people were like you and Warren.  Thank you for trying your best
thank you for your fight!
Thank you!
Thank you for doing everything you could to stop this. You showed integrity that portman lacked.
Thank you Senator Brown for making education a priority. I am proud to support you!
happy to work on your next campaign!
thank you for you efforts. Too bad your counterpart @senrobportman didn't feel the same sense of responsibility
thank you for all your efforts
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown perhaps I've been watching too much #OrphanBlack but I wish we could clone you!
Thank you, for trying to prevent this and protect our children's future.
thank you senator for having the backbone to stand up for the children of Ohio. #ohdems #oh12
Thank you for standing up for America's public schools.
Thank you for showing your support for children in Ohio and across the US.
thanks for speaking the truth and saying #NotoDeVos unlike  @senrobportman who lacks the grit to do the right thing.
Thank you Sherrod. Continue to #resist
thank you for voting no on DeVos.
Thanks for your vote to protect our public ed system. I wish we could have counted on our other OH senator, too #NotoDeVos
thank you Senator Brown for making your constituents and your home state proud
very sad day!!!!!
Thanks for standing up for our kids.
Thank you for doing the right thing. It takes ethics and courage.
Thank you for trying!  Get rid of gerrymandering in Ohio!  Need independent investigation of Trump/Russia ties!
Thank you for voting no today.
Thank you from Clinton County for your vote!
thank you for your efforts
Thanks for standing with educators and saying no...just wish the GOP would have listened.
thank you for standing for American children today#noondevos
Thank you, Senator.
PLEASE run in 2020. You are our only hope.
thank you senator. I'm going to work like hell to get you re-elected
don't become discouraged. I've worked IN hell and it's no easy job. Am I right, @s8n
thank you for standing with #ohioans by voting #NotoDeVos
I called Portman, and he said he would just go on living his life. #shameless #GarthBrooks
thank you for caring about Ohio children and families!
Thank you for your integrity here. Apparently @senrobportman's could be purchased.
GOP senators are very cheap - there's a special - 3 for the price of 1
You have my full support and the support of many parents within your state. Thank you for standing up for public education
Thank you Sherrod, your fight against #Devos meant a lot to your state. It's a shame it happened anyway.
Thank you for taking a Stan against DeVos.
22 months can't come fast enough
u so worried why u make the rules fair and move some of the money from rich schools to the poor schools.
that's right your all talk
Thank you!
I appreciate your efforts
lol really and u have not done the same. Oh that's right u filled your pockets and dems coffers big difference.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator at least one of Ohio's senators thought about our kids! Keep fighting parents remember & vote
Thank you so much for this, please keep fighting for Ohio!
Kids over unions Senator. Parents over govt picking thier educators. Elections have consequences.
thank you!
thank you Sherrod.  Why the heck do we need a billionaire doing this job?
No idea! If there is anything I've learned at my expensice IV league private school it's that money doesn't = competency.
Thank you for doing everything you could to prevent this.
