I will be introducing a bill to remove Confederate statues from the US Capitol building. This is just one step. We have much work to do.
@CoryBooker I hate conf monuments but POTUS loves that the discussion has moved away from support of neo nazis
Why is Margaret Sanger founder of planned parenthood statue up when she tried to exterminate black ppl?
Thank you
@CoryBooker are you also going to remove statues and portraits of rapists ??
Why are we (country) trying to bury our history. If we hide it we will never learn about the history and we will repeat history.

sad day for us out history torn down 1statue at a time
Maybe if you allowed students to be taught history instead of indoctrination they could understand the story behind the statues.

They were secessionists not patriots why are we honoring TRAITORS? They lost take the looser trophies down, fund education teach ignominy.
Yes yes  A strategy of balance. Confederacy is not equivalent to Nazi Germany. Keep them, yes. But just as you texted. Good plan
We pay you a lot of money to do important things for us and removing statues is not one of them.  Maybe you could help with debt reduction.
Thank You Senator Brown.
Fine, but don't move on from what just happened. Don't normalize moral equivalence with nazis. 43209
We have countries plotting to kill us and you pander over a moment.
We have countries plotting to kill us and you pander over a monument.
This is a good start, but we still have a racist in the Oval Office. Need to work to remove him also.
We removed him January 20
There are much more important issues than statues. Obama care needs to be fixed or replaced. Working Ohioans are suffering.
A majority of Americans think Confederate monuments should be preserved in public spaces, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll:1/2
Might be careful about which liberal horse U hitch your wagon. Can't call Southerners racists and pander to southern Ohio too
Can't wait to vote you OUT
Yes, worry about a statue when countries want to kill us. Please keep the identity politics, do it.
Donate them to the African American museum to be displayed next to the artifacts of slavery they supported and committed treason to protect.
IT'S A OUT FUCKING TIME 
How many statues need removed to solve the problem?  All of them is only way and that's just wrong. Make sure you know why they need to go
Why is this a concern for you now? How long have you been in office?
Wow. Where was this outrage 8 or even 4 years ago. Do not support this bill, leave the monuments where they are. Hornet's nest being opened.
Then we will ban those museums. That is your game. Don't museums honor things? Echo chamber SB.
Yes, thank you, more please! While you're at it, file #ArticlesOfImpeachment or impose 25thAmendment. 
Thank you Sherrod Brown & Cory Booker to take down the confederate statues to put in a museum we  have more important statues to display
Guys. Keep your eyes on the real issues. Its not the statues. Its the racists in the peoples house.
You should be removed from taxpayers funded property
You are making a huge mistake aligning yourself with that man.
I could say the same about liberal senators.....
Senators who don't do their job should be repealed and replaced. Stand for me.
Crickets from @senrobportman  @PatTiberi  #TrumpResignationNow
Thank you from 43220! 
All for it. 

It's the "We have much work to do" that bothers me. What's next @SenSherrodBrown? Do you know? Do you care?
Good start toward action, albeit largely symbolic. Restore VRA, advocate gerrymander reform, fund Countering Violent Extremism program @ DHS
So sad you side with Pelosi and Booker and the minority pushing this agenda. Statues are a teaching moment.Majority of population disagree.
Robert Byrd too?
Thank you.
worry less about statues and more about the racist actions of our president.
Would like to see you join in @CoryBooker efforts to decriminalize marijuana.
A bill is needed? Seriously?
And butchering unborn innocent children is murder and should be stopped immediately
I agree,  but not from the battlefields. They are outdoor museums and should be treated as such. However, should be interpreted holistically
Fundraising gig
Like # impeachtrump
Who has to dust them everyday?
#SorosCivilWar #wakeUpAmerica #BlueLivesMatter #BorderPatrol #ice #IStandWithPresidentTrump I can't wait to see liberal @SenSherrodBrown out
Why didn't this happen over the last 8 years?

They didn't know until the nazis showed them.

Can't change ur history. That being said, if Confederate statutes were put in museum, would it help us move forward UNITED? #1nation ?
We are so much better than casually integrating slavery in the very foundation of freedom in U.S. Capitol and sites funded by Americans
@TheDemocrats party needs 2b outlawed. Members tried& jailed. Democrats founded the  #kkk, and continue to use the same terror tactics today
Sure, lets erase history! What could go wrong?!?
Thank you.
Democrats should be put in a museum where they belong!
Get real senator!! There's only a small number of people that want them removed most could careless ! we are a country of millions!!
Thank you!
Planned Parenthood was founded by a racist, white supremacist with the sole purpose of eliminating blacks. Looking forward to you unfunding!
LOL Thanks for the laugh
You probably need to research the founder of @PPact #MargaretSanger.  Unless you are a hypocrite and see nothing wrong with this "history"
Only thing. Will that apply to Civil War Battlefields part of the National Parks? Need logical thinking there please. 
Get serious there's only a small number of people that demAnd removal this is a country of millions
@Reflog_18 You appearing on a convicted spouse abuser's radio show on the taxpayers dime should be removed
LOL
Never
nazi
Weird that you and folks like Madam Pelosi were never concerned about the statues back when you had Congressional majorities.
How bought asking the people. Taking the vote. Your idea is good tho. Should we rename the capitol state and city too
#BERNIE2020
Never gonna happen No Bernie
Your being ridiculous. Going to try to remove the money to. Stop
Thank you, Senator Brown!
We must join together to vote you out of office as well.
Thank you, Senators
Thank you?? It's a total waste of time I mean really only a very smAll amt of people care about that. We are a country of billions
