There’s nothing “skinny” about the damage this bill would do to Ohioans trying to afford care for their families.
We have senators voting on something praying what they’re voting for doesn’t pass – but it very well could. The House could pass this tmrw.
glad to so you represent you constituents! Especially because @senrobportman does not and will not.
Portman falls squarely into the despicable catagory. We will remember.

You should propose a bill that the people no longer pay congresses healthcare!  they should get same as we the people
They should be voted out they work for us not the other way areound!
It is, but they owe the 1%rs & 2%rs too much. They have sold their soul to them.
These white males with the tax payer paid insurance don't care about people who struggle every day with finding affordable health care.
Like @senrobportman. Disgraceful.
The average age of the #senate is 61. How many do you think have #preexistingconditions that would not be covered under their own plan?
And you rammed the crappy ocare down our throats in the dead of night. You're the despicable one!
It's despicable to think that our Senators need to pass legislation for us to get health care/insurance. Your "fixing" is why it is so $$.
yea repeal Obama care brown, and get the able bodied people off medicare,and let free market rule
Um what are YOU smoking?
NOT SMOKING ANYTHING GOT ANYTHING INTEELIGENT TO SAY LIB, IS THAT ALL YOU GOT PERSONAL ATTACKS,DRINK MORE KOOL-AID LIB
Vote them all out until you have to abide by same shit you stick us with, comment? Hypocrite
You and your coworkers have neglected the working class for years.
Portman is gone if we rise up and vote all the rethugnazis out of office. Remember who voted for you. Dems, mcain,collins,mccourtsky.
Thank you Senator Brown for saving the ACA :)
You've ignored working families for 7yrs now. Why change?
Majority of tax payers have known this greed for many years !!
Give Senators Murkowski, Collins, AND McCain big hugs!
But they give the impression that they are all on the ACA.  Not true?
"Republicans believe they are the chosen people and only they should reach the promise land".
Been saying the very same thing for years now Well said Sir 
Read this too @robportman, fix it don't kill it.
Please write a bill that Congress must be on Medicaid or VA insurance. And stop the lifetime salaries WTF is that??!!
love you Sherrod so keep up the fight. #Resistance
Like @senrobportman
Agreed but why would they vote for a bill while at the same time publicly stating they hope it fails? They're playing with American lives!
You know O-care has failed,right?
We need a brand new plan.
It's out-rightly  indefensible ,atrocious,abhorrent ,etc. This is the kind of ignorant meanness that starts Civil Wars for christsake!
Thank you for voting to maintain healthcare for all. I will remember the good you have done for our state & country when I go to the polls.
So on the money. Despicable
They give 0 fucks. Goal of this administration is to get rid of anything done by Obama the Great
You did that all the while as ACA premiums destroyed working families. Save me your crocodile tears now.
Deplorable, even.
#November2018 #SaveACA
Right on.
I think it's time for us to stop paying for yours if we can't afford ours. Have you spoken to Rob?  Cause he isn't listening to us.
It's like they hate us, man. Just like they hate us.
Yep.  Make 'em pay Senator... make 'em pay.
If even one person loses healthcare it's despicable.
Murderers.
It kills me I have to pay for their insurance. I want them drug tested before they get any benefits too.
Family of four thanks you for your steady defense.
Why do they care? It's not like their constituents will, ya know, stop re electing them or anything.
More disgusting behavior from the #GOP #gopsucks
And you're a senator. At least your healthcare is safe.
They no longer work for us. They gave up on democracy some time ago. @GOP
Republicans are horrible people.
It's time that members of Congress have same healthcare as rest of us.
They are trying to rush it through.if it was a good bill everyone would have had a voice on input.
Stay strong, Senator. Keep up the fight for working families!
We need more people like you in government!!! Thank you for standing up for us!!
I would have to pay  $10K before my silver plan in Columbus pays! I can't afford to use it but everyone else can!    https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/26/16001660/obamacare-refugees-immigrants …
Please talk to your fellow Ohioans senator. He doesn't seem to listen to us. I call, tweet and email regularly but nada.
They just don't care Sherrod. Their naked greed and lust for power apparently keeps them warm at night #disgusting
Forget Obamacare (insurance company welfare). What are you doing to help #realdonaldtrump with his #TrannyBan? That's what we care about.
This isn't about working families this is about Republicans being right.  They don't care about America.  I am sickened by this circus.
Thank you. Please keep fighting for us and we'll work hard for you in 2018!
You are so right!! Thank you Senator for saying what needs to be said. Hypocrites!
Thank u senator for standing up for what is right. Let's protect Ohio
Need 2 FIX WHAT EXISTS!! Rep/rep of any kind is ego based and shows their REAL goal which has NOTHING to do with us. It's partisan 100% SICK
Yes, Sherrod, PLEASE, get things going, stop Obama care, and retool Medicare to become a State managed profram, that covers EVERYONE. PERIOD
Thank you for fighting against this despicable bill!
Get this hashtag trending! RT #novote
I've tweeted, email, called and written @senrobportman That clown don't care what his constituents want/need. Thank you Sen.Brown!! #VoteNo
Pls add amendment to bill that congressional insurance coverage is canceled and members of congress must go to exchanges for overage.
Need to amend skinny repeal bill such that all members of congress, administration and all of their staff-members have to suffer it as well.
Time to take that healthcare away.
From the GOP?
Thank you! I am watching helplessly. This is an embarrassing mess, bordering on heartless.
It's despicable that Democrats passed Obamacare then exempted themselves from it by claiming the Senate is a "small business".
At least they tried to provide a much needed relief to the American people. The GOP are only interested in punishing us. You cool with that?
single payer or total free market, stop dancing in between
It shows their true selves. They care nothing about anyone but themselves.  They do not care if people die. Especially poor people.
So can we not pay taxes? Trump doesn't!
It's just the most despicable bunch of anything we have had in my lifetime:68 years.
I am so disgusted with the Senate and will work to my dying days against @gop
Thank you for standing up for us. Ohio loves and needs you.
GOP doesn't hear only 13% want this. If we can still vote 2018, GOP out!!
@eclecticbrotha put my douchebag @SenToomey at the head of that list.
Tell that to @JaneyMurph.  You should have heard the garbage she spewed at the City Club!
Plus you all should have the same healthcare as the rest of us. If Obamacare is so great you should be under it too.
That's kind of his point.
Mr. Brown, that unfortunately is the way of the slimy  BASTARDS CALLED POLITICANS.
@SenateGOP

GOP Senators up for election in 2018: @JeffFlake @SenatorWicker @SenatorFischer @SenDeanHeller
/1
GOP Senators up for election in 2018: @SenBobCorker @SenTedCruz @senorrinhatch @SenJohnBarrasso
/2
@HouseGOP

GOP Representatives up for election in 2018: Every last F*CKING one of them!!!!
I want 2 know your opinion of how to save the sinking Obamacare ship instead of just criticizing others. What r u paid for?
Hello!  Premiums have increased at a lesser rate since 2011 ACA!  Do your homework before you speak!
Please do something to protect Ohioans & all Americans! I feel like no one is listening to our needs & am getting very frustrated!
Lord forgive me but why doesn't the lord get Mitch turtle McConnell give him everything he gave Obama and what evil he trying to give us
I feel you in every way.
Thank you for fighting for my family and my girl. We won't forget it. She's the best, and deserves the best.
Ahhh! She is beautiful!!! . Her and all the children is why we must continue the fight Healthcare is a Human Right!
I am a working man with a family and obamacare is making my healthcare unaffordable. It's breaking us.
No, it's the company you work for, not ACA
Wrong
@senrobportman is the worst at ignoring- saying one thing voting another- so sad-
Keep fighting for us, Senator Brown
You and your ilk ignored our pleas for 7 years for some relief ! Wake the hell up #elections have consequences

#TBT - Remember all of #Obamacare's broken promises? https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2017/06/30/remember-all-obamacares-broken-promises?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=stp_20170727 … 
Thank you for standing up for Ohioans!
Thank you for fighting for us.
And doing so without any conscience
Please, help us. Please don't pal around with Portman after this. That will feel like a betrayal to so many of us harmed by his votes.
Why don't you lead the way and refuse to be covered by anything other than what you impose on the rest of us?  I live in Cincinnati.
You too @senrobportman
Like @SenJohnMcCain! ...So mavericky!
Republicans in the Senate will blame the house and Paul Ryan and they in turn will blame Trump.
Wow maybe saving billions on healthcare for illegals would help
Keep fighting!
