Cycle continues - illegal migration - legalize. Play/rewind. Build the fortified fence and quit importing in people to drive down wages.
Tell that to Trump when he staffs his restaurants, clubs, & vineyards. Tell that to the farmers when there is nobody to harvest the crops.
Only 6% of Mexican nationals here in the US are working in the fields.  Farm visas cover that.
Then why were KS farmers begging for "migrant" workers?
We have 15 million illegal aliens living here. Why would they need to beg for farm workers. A tiny percentage is doing agricultural work.
Ask the farmers
Let's get them some farm visa workers. That really has nothing to do with the other issues though.
#DACA repeal is not the solution you seek. It's cruel and won't help America in any way. The Dow already dropped.
alot of them children are now grown up, and no TRUMP is not going after them, but trying to change policy for the good of Americans
All #DACA  are grown. Avg age is 26
I understand, but I still can't  find work employers want Spanish,  Americans should come first that's all
Don`t blame the kids
again their all not kids
You should read the"law". It's very clear who qualifies. Must have arrived after 6/15/81. Most have proven residency. No criminal record.
I am not saying the dreamers should not be here but i am saying
the American peoples, safety, jobs, & homeless should be first.
They aren't children at 31 years old-Plus it's illegal and unconstitutional.
How is it unconstitutional?
Because The Constitution gives the Congress authority to determine who legally enters and resides in the United States, not POTUS.
That wp
That would include this one he can't kick them out or ban them according to you
Why have any laws if you're not going to enforce them? I guess it's okay to enforce the ones you like, and not the ones concerning Hillary
Your full statement should always start with I'm only here to obstruct progress and now it's time for me to slam the POTUS.
Kicking people out of a country is not progress. And what is trump doing that would be progressive?
President Trump is kicking illegals out of the Country....HUGE difference !
It be different if they don't grow up here but they did. We should work with them
They won't be deported even conservatives seem to be in agreement that the ones here should be able to stay.
This is actually the best way to protect those Dreamers. A legal congressional solution is a real solution.
Are you dumb? Obama said the program was temporary. Also, silly, these are not children in DACA. Stop lying. They are in collegl or working
But these kids are going to school on the taxpayers' dime, often when those same tax payers can't afford to send their own kids!
Thank you for supporting DACA. Now let's see if you can push for Dreamers legislation and help these young people.
CHILDREN? DACA is about illegal adults being allowed to stay based on their illegal status previously as children. The gig is up.
that's how bullies work. they go after the people they view are the weakest. Trump is a bully.
Yes he is
I think not. He represents the people.
he represents less than half of the American people. The rest of us are embarrassed like you wouldn't believe.
Illegals are illegal. Make them legal. If Congress did their job correctly, they would already be legal, but Obama's way was illegal.
I hope that Congress can agree on bipartisan legislation to end this cruelty.
No more illegals bringing in there children trying to fall under doca
Trump isn't going after children, he is trying to protect the constitution.
These innocent children are suffering from the violent criminals who MADE this illegal act. For every action, there is an equal...
Should they not also work towards becoming documented in some way-or If they like it here so much, why not work towards becoming a citizen
U mean all the illegals obama let come in without their parents who now also want amnesty. Take them 2 your house Senator. Most are not kids
Are you willing to take responsibility if an illegal murders an American citizen.
Bot
Senator, you must realize by now that Trump is trying to erase any and all vestiges of President Obama. He has no policy, only malice.
President Trump has a mess to clean up left over the past several decades!! Drain the Swamp
There is NOTHING wrong with Congress doing their job, fix the immigration problems. Its not the President's job to make laws, it is YOURS!
I'm very sorry that the democrates allowed this to become the disaster that it has. If the Dems would have enforced the law this wouldn't be
Morally Bankrupt, he is a dangerous Sociopath.
End #illegalimmigration
I agree. But let's get our ROI on the#dacas   2 yrs community service or 2 yrs military for path to green card
2018 u will be voted out. Maybe u should catch a ride with the illegals back home to there country  if u don't  like it
Their
Thank you, Senator, for representing Ohio well. Your constituents appreciate you.
And this will be his final term for Ohio.
Senator,
He turned the ball over to you. You have 6 months to come up with a plan. Do your job and quit tweeting.
Candlelight vigil tonight at W.25th  (West Side Market)  Cleveland, Ohio at 7pm for DACA. #Dreamers
It sucks and they should blame the democrates for creating this debacle. What did you think would happen? The law would be ignored forever?
Pass a law to figure it out. Can't run country with EO's. You have 6 months!!
It's disingenuous to keep calling them children when majority are adults.
Yeah
Most of these DACA "children" are over 20 years old. Over 90% are from South of border. All are technically illegals. Deport them now!
How are they contributing when I'm paying for them to live here?
They are in college, working l, serving in the military. @MrYuuuge @SenSherrodBrown
Please feel free to share the percent of DACA recipients that are in the military. Then let's talk some more.
He was elected to make America first again, to make America strong again, and to MAGA! You senator, won't even pay your own insurance WTF!
Thats where you lost it. You said President Trump Promised. The only promises he plans to keep are the ones to people who hate
Where do you see hate? What you see is law breakers. America is run by the rule of law. Obviously you side with the law breakers.
The hate is obvious
The Dump is the violent criminal
I'm with you.
Average add mid 20s. Grow up Sherrod this is the real world.
We need bipartisan legislation that will have enough votes to override his eventual veto
Unfortunately, this is what happens when you have a 2 minute attention span and the intellect and emotional stability of an immature teen.
You're an #idiot spreading #lies. So glad thinking people know the #truth. #DefundDREAMers #AmericaFirst #MAGA is #abetterdeal! #gonein2018
Liberal propaganda
A lot of them are gangembers and killers. Where's your outrage when they rape and kill innocent people.
They are still here illegally. Where in any law does it say that it's ok to violate laws?
It's time to act, Senator. He is methodically targeting one disenfranchised group after another while Congress just watches.
Agreed. So, Please, Senator, act to Protect Dreamers and co-sponsor the #2017DreamAct !!!
Then you and your collegues should fix the damn law, @SenSherrodBrown @realDonaldTrump gave you six months.
Thank you, Senator!!!!
. Your a damned liar. They are criminals. They were shipped here by the trainload encouraged to come by stinky b.o. dems.
Thank you.
@realDonaldTrump @SarahHuckabee Trump did not get elected promising to end DACA. More lies from the White House.
I am proud to have you as my senator. Thank you for your moral compass.
I love the hole your digging for yourself one tweet at a time. #gonein2018 #MAGA is #abetterdeal! #ohiosshame #DefundDREAMers  #keepdreaming
He isn't " going after " them.  Stop the hyperbole!  He's giving it to Congress to act in accordance with LAW!! Geez people get a grip
This Ohio voter says keep #DACA
#DACA is illegal and unconstitutional as it was never passed by Congress - Since you are a senator how about offering legislation to fix?
Your voters are v thankful, Senator!
You want to spend millions on illegals, while our schools are failing.  No thank you Senator!
NOT MY FAULT!!!
their parents did not have to come here
and should not have-
they should go make their home country great!!!
And you should be voted OUT......TAKE IT TO THE POLLS PEOPLE
If you are here illegally you should be leaving in force the laws no one should be exempt
One more example of the Kenyan misfit going around our Constitution. President Trump is a law and order president. God bless America!
Another obstructionist, Brown you  have to get with the program or  get voted out  ! AMERICA stands beside PRESIDENT TRUMP !!
No worries, there are laws to become legal immigrants or citizens of USA. 
Thought you took an oath to uphold the Constitution.Obama knew he did not have the power to do DACA and congress did not want to touch it.
Get rid of FATCA!!!!   So those of us who would like to work overseas can!!
Of course, you know, if Trump went after criminals, there would be NO ONE in the White House except for Park Service & Housekeeping
It was always about race and only about race.
Don't be Fooled: Donald Trump is going to try to use the Dreamers as leverage to gain support from Democrats for his agenda.
 Maybe he thinks they'll grow up to be criminals? Nah, he's just a twit
Time to vote you out
Do your job, support the POTUS. Your another one where #termlimits applies. You're worthless to Ohio. Time to move on.
You, of all people should know that  daca is another illegal act by obama. These kids have had plenty of time to become legal in the system.
Senator, you are the best, and I support you always, but you, and Congress, are an equal power. Actions matter. What will you do?
ILLEGAL immigration hurts America, not helps.
They came here illegally and are therefore criminals.  Please reverse your position on DACA
If American children go to Mexico illegally to become dreamers they would be kicked out immediately. DACA was created by Obama to get votes.
That's hilarious.
You are a bright light in OH. If only the others would follow your example.
#DefendDACA 
Trump you are a liar! You stand for nothing good. #DefendDACA members have worked harder than you ever will. They are our best.
He probably promised to only one scoop of ice cream too. If his lips are moving he's eating or lying.
Trump going back on a promise, now there is a shocker!
Text RESIST to 50409 and send a free fax to your legislators. 
My text: 
Protect Dreamers! DACA must be made law with a veto-proof majority!
He's a bold faced racist liar. What did you expect?
Most Daca are 26 years of age.  EXECUTIVE ORDER WAS ILLEGAL.  Why didn't you deal with it when Obama in office.  Get real.U didnt do ur job
The president is a nut. Ignore him, maybe, he will go away. "have a good time."
Isn't Congress responsible for #DACA ?
DT has targeted families and children. Violent gangs, opioids rampant  Fight them! Doesn't matter where they are from!
Why did you let Obama put an illegal law in place!  #Traitor
So far it's been vets dreamers and hard working people
Thank you for your statement and  supporting #DACA  -Ohio resident
He had to lower his sites to his level!
How can you believe anything trump says?
You swore to uphold our Constitution and laws. I have a full statement for you!
Donald Trump lies about everything
#VoteThemOut
If you go to any country illegally you are punished. You broke the law. Why do we have to be different.
Promised!!! You believed him???? Come on now seriously
What do you do? Gibbons for senator!
DACA: 21% dropped out of HS, 2,100 revoked for crime
Research on Dreamers Contradicts Public Image Turns out most aren't valedictorians
They are American as any other American. It's wrong to just rip mothers from their babies. It's cruel and against American values.
Saying a group will no longer be excluded from prosecution is not the same as targeting that group for prosecution.
Be honest.
Technically speaking, there aren't any criminals here through DACA. It's one of the rules.
except the parents. So.... that's two criminals for every dreamer.
Our you willing to foot the bill for illegal people.
They are illegal 
That makes them criminals
#Deport Deport Deport
DACA aren't criminals because they are immigrants. Your narrative is false.
