Judiciary is sometimes needlessly interventionist. This happens in India also.
Terrorists rushing to get in...
Judge you represent the true meaning of America( The Land of the Free for All) You are our Hero
Shut up. Where are your taxes, health report, business connections? You wan because you are white. PERIOD!
When there's seems no way , GOD makes a way and opens the door  to a new beginnings , GOD BLESS YOU MR PRESIDENT & YOURS 
Mr Trump,  America has real laws, and yes, you have to follow them too! Get educated fast. We can't afford more screw ups!
We need to better vet people coming from Syria.  If we have and incident here I will blame you.
get this judges name out there for all of us to see
this is what you call a little playful foreplay before the executive order is consummated.  A tease by CNN.
You are an obstructionist and not representing Our counties values.. BOYCOTT CNN .. #FakeNews
yes!!!!!!!
valor? How ironic
of course he did, he's a liberal
I truly hope nothing happens to Americans because of this, you lefties are ridiculous.
he's bound to have a big baby tantrum over this decision.
Why does this Chicken Hawk think he has a right to the Congressional Medal of Honor for his signings?  Shame

so now trump alludes himself that he's always right!
better than a republican right wing alternate facts idiot
why?? Don't the judges know we need to be protected until these people are vetted?
They are vetted they have legal visa's. Most have been vetted for more than 2 years before approval
None of the countries that were banned did terrorism here.
please, these were from BO's list. Pres. Trump just  enforced it
Scr*w you Trump.
.@CNNPolitics .@SenSherrodBrown Good that AG will challenge WA judge, not sure why you are against keeping US citizens safe.
#Seattle liberal Judge# Microsoft &other software co. Trying to protect their scam on American wkrs. They pay immigrants less.
waiting for Pres Tweet can't trust corrupt media....FAKE NEWS CNN
c that's a bunch of bullsh!t
He said that he had shackles when they were controlling his twitting... he is bound to end up with real shackles
The Ban is lifted for superbowl weekend. The judge doest want to go to any marches.
Trump's business expertise has failed in this ban...America will end up in crisis & bankrupt...inherent in his personality type
$10 says this doesn't last a week. It is a legal ban, @POTUS has wide latitude in this area.  Certainly more legal than DACA
Thats ok just vet them and send them back if you cant.
I guess the left just wants all the terrorists here so we can be like Europe and have attacks everywhere all the time.
@SenSherrodBrown Did the judge have some special it?
twitter storm imminent!  Lol
How would CNN know anything? They are not allowed in the WH. That's why they can just show picture of the WH..lol..Fake news..
Can we get a picture of Judge signing that restraining order?
Judges only have plenary authority over US CItizens.  Executive branch has all the power over immigration and borders.
@berkedei Trump Muslim ban and that's what it is,but when it's made out to be a immanent threat.to National security he trumps.
trump's thin skin will get him mad, crazy, explosive.  Just doesn't accept why his alternative USA constitution is not valid.
Small victories every day.
@SenSherrodBrown  God  forbid if something happens, blood is on this judges hands and yours as well.
Judge needs to be investigated.  Corruption at work
Republicans say what we feel & stick by our moral code, liberals change there mind if Republicans r for it & want shit for free
Its temporary for parts but it will return bigger and betterThanks for putting my family in danger judge doofusExtreme vetting
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS this order is not like Obama's immigration.Federal judge is putting millions of people lives endanger.
YES!!!! Happy dance!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump throw these Federal Judge halts travel baninto trash.these SOBs are endangering&harming ourlives
@SenSherrodBrown Go to bed Sherrod...Are you hitting the sauce?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS these judges have no fucking ideas what is going on in these 7 countries& put our lives in great danger
Muslims don't put us in danger. Big mouth ppl like Trump and US citizens are more dangers.
Why is there a time limit?  Time should be determined by President Trump when he feels security issues have been addressed.
1 judge has that kind of power?!
yes & it will be reversed on appeal, then liberals will push to a state sc,  if appeal kept its done or push to sc
Activist Judges need removed from the bench. This clowns ruling will stop nothing moving forward.
AMERICANS FOR A SECURE AMERICA VET UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS PERIOD its the law enforce it. Oh btw wash.AG kiss my a*% traitor
Trump should extend travel ban to Obamas Muslim ban of 6 months and/or make the ban open-ended - time limit to be determined.
@SenSherrodBrown we'll see if they comply
it boggles the mind that the immigration issue is confronted but the conflicts of interests is left unchallenged.
Since this nutcase in office he was banning cancelling firing hanging up phone on leaders all negative vibes taking US down
he didnt hang up on Australian PM, that PM said he didnt. current vetting relies on those countries records big issue
Come on Donald, you can't really think that CNN is the only news source that has reported this story.
Yay!! Maybe the precious baby girl that needs life saving heart surgery can get into the US. Good for that judge!
can't get @realDonaldTrump to answer bc he is on vacation after only 2 weeks.
Awesome!
...CNN...there you go again.   Just the facts.
My prediction - Supreme Court will 8-0 avoid a constitutional crisis over the rights of non-citizens.
they will vote to allow ban obama had one. interesting liberals were fine with it when obama did it. hypocritical
It won't stand. He has the power to do what he did.  The End
and they are trying to get an answer from the @WhiteHouse @POTUS @realdonaldtrump and there is no one around.  It's not 3AM yet
It's relieving to see that some gutsy Americans are looking out to make sure the president doesn't screw things up totally.
u do know obama implemented ban as well. so liberals were fine when he did but now trump is doing it ur not. hypocrits
Temporary NOT GOOD ENOUGH!!  @TheDemocrats @DNC
Thank-you
He will order CBP to ignore courts.  Again
Would cause a constitutional crisis  then
Before my conservative brothers & sisters ask, the Judge was Bush appointed.
Says something doesn't it
Something for sure...just not sure what. I don't agree w/ ruling but respect checks & balances.
As do I. It will be interesting to see if Liberals do the same when it is lifted.
Me too. I'm dubious. 
suck it Republicans
loves negativity thank you for reporting that we get it...NEXT
9th Circuit Federal Judge appointed by Bush-stunning!
Hopefully maintains. Even if it appeals and goes to Supreme Court
tweet tweet tweet
does the left wing really want the same Islamic filth in the US doing as they do in the US ? WAKE UP AMERICA
shut up Egg
this ruling is SICK
fire his ass the un-American prick
Can't do it .
nice!
mass confusion at airports!
Judge has ruled and like it or not, the rule of law must be followed. I don't like it or agree, but the Judge has ruled.
NO BAN AS OF NOW!!! FEDERAL JUDGE RULED ITS ALL U.S. APPLICABLE!! It's REAL!!!! Spread the word!¡ WE ROCK RESISTANCE WARRIORS!
guess you didn't read it
@realDonaldTrump trying to be a dictator is hard work.
halt on travel band!
Yes!!!!
NOOOOO!!!!!!
can’t wait for the first visa applications to get denied

or refugee hearings to not resume...
Washington State is dumb
