If they knew about breach when they sold those stocks, that’s insider trading. We're calling for it to be prosecuted to full extent of law.
we are not "customers" we are "forced participants"!! Make Equifax confirm, in writing, those who's ID was stolen!!
Thank you for recognizing this. Can the SAC do anything about it?  Thanks for speaking up.
Know someone who worked with one of them, says he's DEF kind of guy who'd do exactly this.
Why do we still use this info for identity? Why not facial rec or retinal scans??? Do America a favor and make a change!!
Lawsuit?

What is the "redress process" referred to in your privacy policy listed under ACCOUNTABILITY?  https://www.equifax.com/privacy-policy/&ParentLink=1162919656130 …
I was impacted by this according to their site. Hope some one is looking into this, sounds like insider trading violation as well.
Need a criminal indictment against Equifax and their execs!
White collar crime. They can afford great lawyers. Jail time is doubtful. They'll be sitting pretty.
I smell inside trading! @SEC do ur job & investigate these crooks. Make an example of CEO Rick Smith, #Equifax & his crooked cronies. Shame!
Will U.S.  @TheJusticeDept pursue charges???? #LockThemUp
@Sec and all State AG's must investigate #InsiderTrading @Equifax and prosecute 2 fullest extent of the law. Free lifetime Protection 4 ALL
This reminds me of the mortgage scandal where UBS and others were telling people that mortgage securities were fine while they were dumping!
That's criminal he should be jailed

And last month I requested my yearly reports but @Equifax denied it saying the info I gave them didnt match  week later the breach happened
We are not customers, Senator. We are their product.
Since @Equifax failed to protect, should provide lifetime subscription tools to the PEOPLE at no cost to them.
Credit rating is only for benefit of corps. We die for privacy yet 3 companies have all our info. Time to abolish  credit rating  concept.
No one should own so much of our info. Time to abolish credit ratings. We are not just numbers. #abolishcreditratings
They shall go to prison.
Lock'em up
At the very least, their fines should equal what they made from the sale of those stocks.
Sure sounds fishy
Shameful!
#prosecute
REAL jail time must be served. claw back all profits and company retirement and/or pensions are revoked by @Equifax @POTUS @senrobportman
So disgusting
So, will anything be done or will they be allowed to skate free?
I wonder if this is the reason for my roommates curent situation.
Time to generate/ issue complex SSNs for all Americans and require authentication to use any personal info. Equifax needs to pay!
Violation of 33 state laws
Great what are you gonna do about it?!?
Jail time
Here's an idea for the @Equifax execs...
Are the executives going to be prosecuted? They caused more damage than a drug dealer!
And nothing will happen to them. A slap on the wrist and a free pass to continue their million dollar lives unaffected.
Then why are we just hearing about it now.
Jail.
They should all go to jail and pay a giant fine exceeding the amount that they made on the stocks
Hello prison time for insider trading.
Prosecute.
Go get 'em, Senator! The little guy only has a chance because of people like you.
Jail jail jail jail jail
Fry 'em!
What are you planning to do about it?
Did the financial cos that feed the beast know?
Oh don't I know it. Are charges being brought up yet?
Sounds like insider trading.
#fineEQUIFAX and garnish their profits from sale of stock.
So please drag them in front of the banking committee and grill them. Why aren't they held responsible for this debacle?
They're almost as corrupt as Senator Menendez, the guy you still proudly support.
Please make sure this gets investigated as this has got to break some kind of insider trading laws
Equifax needs to protect all affected by their gross negligence - Free lifetime credit monitoring @PeterRoskam
Not just monitoring. They need to handle any damage done because our personal info was sold to the highest bidder.
Familiar scenario
#Medicare4All
Police will ticket a hot dog vendor and take his money out of his wallet before trial.  Arrest these fuckers now on insider trading charges!
The bigger problem is we who were victimized by their negligence r not the direct customer. Our creditors are. We're victims not customers!
Please run for President. Thank you.
Medicare for all.
Maybe they figured in Trump's America they could get away with it.
PLEASE co-sponser Bernie's Medicare for all Bill
Why?  It's never going to go anywhere.
Why?  Because we have the momentum AND the people on our side.  80% of democrats support it.  This is the right move.
They should face prison time for this.
Any fine/penalty imposed on Equifax should be distributed to the millions of consumers they affected.
We would get a couple of pennies.
