Too many seem to have amnesia about the devastation the Great Recession wreaked across the country–but most Ohioans don’t have that luxury.
Since then, we've put protections in place to make sure that Wall Street can never run rampant over Main Street again.
Today, the House votes on a bill that is a massive giveaway to megabanks and payday lenders. It would undo the progress we've made.
It would dismantle the @CFPB - an institution that has returned $12 billion to 29 million Americans who’ve been ripped off.
And it would eliminate the @CFPB’s ability to make sure lenders are obeying the laws that protect our servicemembers.
These are the wrong priorities for Ohio. 80% of Americans believe we need tough rules and stronger penalties for Wall Street.
We need to improve the law, not turn the clock back to when Wall St was free to prey on Ohioans, wreck the economy & hand taxpayers the bill
Won't it need 60 votes in the Senate?
Not if they pass it via reconciliation which just requires 51 votes
But it would need to be 100% budgetary.  Dodd Frank is a regulatory Law.
My bad. I thought you were talking about repealing Obamacare.
No.  That is budgetary.  It's weird.  They're going to try and leave in all the Insurance reforms and then rip out all the money.
they are trying to dismantle America.
I am not ignoring #doddfrank guess DJT and his buddies want to buy discounted real estate after the next bubble breaks.
The GOP always does its dirtiest work while nobody is watching.
I remember Obama bailed the banksters out w our money, without jail time, allowed foreclosures on ppl's homes & is now being paid back Bigly
Wrong: George W was the Bailout Guy.
Keep thinking these EstablishmentDems are your friends. And keep believing Comcast owned msnbc is looking out for working class values.
Seen the polls lately? Scoreboard, pal.
I have. What are you seeing that contradicts the fact that Hillary will always remain a loser?
How can we stop this?
Call your representatives!
Will send letter to help protect everyone from a Wall Street without protections for the people.
Screw the people, they Republican way!
Can you let Rob Portman know I need the ACA? He's blocked constituents like me who don't agree w/ him.  Thanks!
The senate should stop this just like the health care bill. The senate is the grown ups on the hill.
How is a poor Wall Street bank supposed to get by without over-leveraging their capital by 30 or 40 times?
This is such a wrong-headed initiative. Especially because most Americans who have any retirement savings have it invested in stock mkt
Some of us are old enough to remember 2008
US took responsible leadship role after ordinary people bailed out bankers. This wanton act has serious implications for people everywhere
Cal your Reps today against #Trumpcare and #DoddFrank. Unless want to be sicker and poorer.
Sad though it be, we we're still subject to a massive bailout even with DF.
....AND #senate work in #Healthcare
I think on some level, much of the US populace wants to be gouged, wants to be fleeced. The amount of latent guilt and shame is enormous.
all i can say is buy the banks !!!!  tripple your money and get out !!!

Another bailout cannot happen unless neoliberals are behind one, DoddFrank or no DoddFrank. Read up on 2008, Sherrod.
Damn GOP. I LOVE YOU, Sherrod Brown. I can't wait till #Midterms  My friends + I are already starting to spend our money across the states.
Stick it to the taxpayers! It's the . @GOP way!
Thank you. I called Wenstrup left a message. Also tweeted him. This evening he sent an email newsletter heralding repeal.
Good old Republican scum.  Democrats better make Republicans own the next financial crisis.
I realize that you must put out scare tactic tweets as a dem senator, but it seems they are leaving several protections in.
Well when it happens again, it's on their head....again.
If only there were some kind of "Iceland Provision" in this #DoddFrank rollback travesty..precipitate a bailout go directly to jail instead
Oh no, my headache is coming back..,
Why would they do that????
No way this should pass the Senate! Consumer protection crucial to prevent another banking crisis.
We are capable of multi-tasking.
Hey BigMoney taking Sherrod, guess what? When 44 bailed out WallSt in '08 w/out handing out jail time DoddFrank was already being dismantled
Seems like Brown doesn't know any history. #GlassSteagall should have never been repealed. TY @billclinton and #RepubCongress
What can we do?  To help?
Where are those indictments 4 the House GOP? B4 they do all of us in?
Senator Brown.  Can you guys in the senate block this?  60 vote threshold?   Please do so.  Y Gop want 2 go backwards??
Republicans fucked over the American public for their donors. Must be Thursday!
When Crash 2008 happens again, do NOT bail out banks. Let them crash. Great Depression 2.0 needed to remind voters Republicans cause them.
Republicans have amnesia or are evil. Next Crash after GOP repeal of Dodd-Frank, do NOT bail out Wall Street. It's Main Street turn.
Bullshit. Only insiders have had access to loans. You and your Friends. You suck and Warren will be out too
ONLY if the Government once again decides to force banks to make loans   that can NEVER be repaid.  YOU KNOW BETTER .. stop scare tactics!
Such a great idea to let the arsonist put out the fire.  Ridiculous bill killing middle market banks
U either have a free market or u dont.
we know what is going to happen the crooks are already lining up to bust out the banks
@kindcutesteve #Trump #necromongers call it deregulation but in fact they are dismantling the infrastructure of the USGovt.
If we do face another bailout--shameful--I say we send the bill to every Republican who had hand in taking away these #DoddFrank protections
#GOP guts #DoddFrank while #Comey testified? Feels like someone broke in & stole the kids Christmas presents while we were at Midnight Mass.
Yes, but it was you that left the auto consumers to fend for themselves when you added amendment to exempt car dealers from the bill
#McCain would love that! He was part of #WallStreetBailout #Resistance let's #StopRollBackOfDoddFrank #ThrowTheBumsOut #Ryan #McConnell
The GOP's work for Vladimir Putin continues.
Please put a hold on the Senate version (if there is one) so that it never comes up for a vote in this Congress. Thank you.
Presidential bid please ?
This time there will be no bailout only a depression but @Speakerryan doesn't care about anything but his high dollar donors 
#resist
Same day #Comey testifies, House repeals Wall Street regulations &  "decriminalize" white collar theft #FedNComey
It was only eight years ago. Who's forgotten?? Republicans care only about their donors aka those at the top. 1/2
What's gross is they allowed Trump to ride into their party on these populist ideas of taking care of everyone while they screw us all.
"Another?" There are no guarantees in life.  Maybe next time we let them burn to the ground.
#CorruptGOP
Duuuuhhhhhh!  #DoddFrank & obumbler actually bailed out businesses that shouldn't have been.  The econ grew less w/MORE regs!  Democrap liar
Religion kills brain cells.
Well, religious people manage to do incredible thinking without them!  Amazing! Christians --> Kepler, Galileo, Newton, Bacon...
Lets not forget the Fed had to bailout the local and regional banks too not just wall street
The Dodd-Frank bill was a gift to the BIG BANKS and killed SMALL BUSINESS. Its no wonder that Ohio Commie @SenSherrodBrown loves it.
Trump is taking us back 10 years. Rep.just want to undo every protection there is for americans. Even for the water we drink and our food.
That's why Wall Street is rising. Terribly scary.
We are aware, we just can't stop it! Our GOP reps are complicit
Which YOU approved last time! @SenSherrodBrown Let US down @WCPO @Local12 @FOX19 @WLWT @700wlw @FoxNews @MSNBC #Exempt #NotMySenator #Shame
I remember the financial crisis 2008 very well.
I called.@RepDaveJoyce in #OH14 and asked him to vote no. #ATN
Me, too!
I know horrible! Such sleaze.
Rep Mimi Walters tweet is blaming Dodd Frank for bank  bailouts. So sick of GOP liars.
All of these treacheries SHOULD have been communicated before election. The dogs have power now. Shame.
thank you for working hard for Ohio.
It was bad law the way it was written
You are so right to point this out.  The American people must actively engage in politics more than ever before in our time
as long as they try 2 engage with facts, not bs & be willing to accept truth when shown compelling evidence they are mistaken. I include me
Already called my @RepEdRoyce and tweeted but he doesn't listen to his non- republican constituents. Sigh.
Same with @boblatta
Heard this today. Something to worry about for sure
thank you for real news that affects the ppl
I think in the event of another stock market crash, instead of bailing out Wall Street, US should bail out citizens.
