I'd like to see @SenSherrodBrown and @robportman stand together and forcefully condemn the House passage of TrumpCare. Shameful day.
Definitely shameful. How dare people not be mandated and/or fined for choosing not to carry health insurance.
How dare people think they're allowed to live.
How dare the government think they should be allowed to take from one person to pay for another...

#Theft
You do realize that's how insurance works? Then there's a couple centuries of the social contract.
Fantastic point, which is why I never carried insurance to begin with. Me being FORCED to is the reasons 20 million Americans have it.
So, if, God forbid, something catastrophic happens you'll just lay down and die for the common good?
For the sake of conversation, define "catastrophic".
OBAMACARE was the most  heartless legislation ever passed.
Not sure how you can say that when it's saved thousands from senseless death and bankruptcies.
It put thousands into bankruptcy& rationed care. Maybe worked for you/horrendous and unaffordable for me Let's try something works for all
Are you talking from knowledge or just the alternative facts Drumpf wants you to believe.? I personally know people who were helped
Understand, but I personally was harmed and know many others that suffered as well. How about healthcare that is good for everyone?
Yes, people have high rates and deductibles, but in these 8 years you might have had them anyway. But it helped millions get insured.
It made healthcare unaffordable. Couldn't pay,so,lost healthcare. Take from one to give to another isn't making it better
Unless you are young and healthy. Those people will save $$. But not if u are older, or have ANY pre-ex cond.
I could not get through the entire bill. Heartless is being kind.
We have been struggling under Obamacare. You represent all,not just your supporters
Unfortunately it seems like "real" Ohioans vote for Kasich and Portman. Maybe losing Health Care will wake them up
What do u mean "your turn"?So now even MORE ppl going to lose their healthcare.
Isn't naming AHCA a healthcare bill misrepresenting what it actually does? Isn't it dishonest? Another lie from GOP?
What are you talking about we lost Medical Mutual Ohio have no choices and we pay 500.00 a month and our deductible is 5000 it's extortion
We are with you in your your work to protect Ohio families. Thank you for your dedication.
As an Ohioan and nurse ..neither has the ACA ..you and your colleagues on both sides have pushed agendas using fear..that sir is heartless
At this point let's take this opportunity to replace with a better healthcare bill by taking the essence of Obamacare and improve it.
Do your job. Serve Ohio. #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare @JoshMandelOhio is waiting to take your seat.
Thank you, @SenSherrodBrown, for standing up for us & our health coverage! :)
@robportman I would ask you to stand with your colleague, @SenSherrodBrown & protect Ohioans - beat back this wretched bill from the House.

BREAKING: early polls showing Sherrod Brown (D) 42% and Josh Mandel 45% Ohio
Please consider donating
https://twitter.com/actblue/status/860245566667841537 … 
…
I wish u & Portman would come to OUSC and hear from some of us down here on this health care. Bring Johnson too he needs to see faces..
fundmentally change. popular democracy has to replace oligarchy and plutocracy.can this happen without a bloody revolution?Not likely.
What is wrong with this country that we can't have universal healthcare like every other modern, industrialized country in the world?
I think Tiberi should have to personally contact every Ohioan whose health care he just terminated
You didn't bother to read the last healthcare bill! What do you know about this one?
.#AHCA could kill my daughter & bankrupt family too for the sake of corporate profits. No one needs extra worry when facing #cancer & more.
Thank you, Senator!
if americans want a rebirth of democracy and freedom,they must fight for it.politics doesn't work for the millions of average citizens.
Trumpcare is also a horrible plan pushed through by clueless individuals
Why don't you address the real problem of medical monopolies then? Or maybe you are part of the scam? You and the rest of DC are responsible
But can you tell me what YOU are doing to help clean the mess that the former administration created? You complain that you don't like     1
Looking toward 2018! "Let's clean up America again!" 
If 1% cannot be defeated by 99%,then nothing can.bring the govt to a standstill and wait and see.we will shut it down- not them. we will act
when has power ever been relinquished without a fight? americans are beginning to realize the truth about US reality.they are stunned.
Thank you, as always, @SenSherrodBrown for putting Ohioans' best interests at heart.
What do you think the rest of us are doing now? $770 p/p with a $4K deductible for a silver plan is not affordable.
Thank you for fighting against this disastrous bill
Then get rid of the government money and regulations that have made health care and college unaffordable... frikin duh already
#AHCA is bad for million & especially #WOMEN - @GOP you guys do know we women Vote, right? #TrumpCare2 aka #PoliticalSuicide
we have met the enemy and it is us.all the Koch bros.etc.are the enemy,as usual,in western history.peaceful change cannot happen.sadly.
medicare for all will free up billions for new roads,bridges,trains,buses,tunnels,schools etc.But the american political system has to
Hope you will do everything to stop it
way, I'll be singing Na na na na, na na na na, hey hey hey, goodbye to you when you are up for reelection                                  3
this choice but have not done a darned thing to find a solution other than sing a stupid song as the votes were being cast. If I have my   2
Hope Dems have a plan to stop it in Senate!  Many people depending on it!
If they'd get their heads out of their àsses they would have seen this coming when they voted them in
Stop spreading lies. Ohio turned red this election now represent the people who put you in office. Pass the bill!!
. By the way the Democratic fear-mongering is getting really old and people paying the bills see thru it @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews .
.This Ohio Mom did a Jig yesterday when  repealed. Not sure who you're talking to but Obamacare is a lot $ for 0 product @realDonaldTrump.
Attention: @senrobportman
If you can't afford insurance b/c income doesn't cover shelter, food, utilities, medicine (ie you're poor) you have a preexisting condition.
What about those fake-ass poser Ohioans?
Solid.  What say you, Senator?
The current "Affordable Health Care Act" is NOT affordable. It needs to be repealed and replaced with a better plan.
Thank you. As a self insured small biz owner that's a breast cancer survivor this bill terrifies me. Please keep defending Ohio. Thanks.
Why no mention of Bernie's medicare for all bill?  Still in the pocket of Neoliberals?
Thank you for standing up for all of Ohio!
No care at all ...
You know your electorate is quite literally dying for it as well as I do. Please
party's platform it has driven me away from supporting Democrats entirely. We need real progress. Introduce SP legislation
the most progressive senators was incredibly inspiring to me as a kid. Now as an adult I've grown so illusioned with your
Sherrod we lived in the same neighborhood in Avon when I was growing up. The fact I lived less than a KM away from one of
Do you know what wouldn't? Single payer
It's simply another "follow the money" fiasco.
Thank you!
Please help us!
Agreed. It is a bad bill for a Ohio @SherrodBrown Please continue to fight for us and don't repeal the ACA. Thank you.
You are one of the good guys. Keep fighting!  And thank you!
I cannot believe how Trump and GOP are celebrating the financial hardship they just placed on people especially women children and elderly
Thank you for fighting for Ohioans like my elderly Dad and me.  44221
I'm sure the Senate draft will be all unicorns and puppies.....
Take your money to pay for them. Not mine.
"Obamacare" is a joke. "Affordable Care" is unaffordable w current legislation. Senator, do your job and work on legislation we can afford!
ACA needed tweaking. Check list of pre-ex- it's huge for Trumpcare. Employer hcare will take on AHCA bc it will be less $ to insure staff
Proud that you represent Ohio in the senate
My 16 year old son surviving T1D and the rest of our family are counting on you
Keep up the good fight. Us cancer fighters need all the back up we can get. #Imapreexistingcondition
But, I kn
Ow you are really concerned about the Cavs!
Vote this down if U care.  Send it back to fix Healthcare not repeal.  Something they have had over 8 yes to fix.  Shameful
we already are.
Thank you for standing against the Republican healthcare bill. I am counting on you.
94 out of 97 counties now have no choice. That is good?
#Republicare
Obamacare increased premiums and with $6,000 average deductibles, no one could  afford to use it.
It will be devastating to the mentally ill and substance abuse. We have a heroin epidemic and need to pay for this.
#Republicare
I will retweet the A-Z pre-existing conditions in the @GOP #AHCA legislation. Bottom line. If you are a #woman, you probs have one.
With premiums over 1k a month and over 6k deductible, you can own Obamacare.
Doesn't this have to pass the senate?  It's not over
Let Obamacare implode, then it will be your ball and chain Brown.
Why is breast cancer prextng condition but prostate cancer isn't? Reacouring menstrual cramps R, Erectile dysfunction, not?
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown Can sleep a little better knowing UR lookin' out for Ohio
What's the heartless part?
Those who voted for Trump are in for a rude awakening
Your constituents deserve to know what is in a replacement plan and see proof its better than the Affordable Care Act does BEFORE any repeal
I live in Tennessee and am devastated.  Thank you Senator for fighting this cruel bill.
Thank you for standing up for Ohioans. Let's hope @robportman does the same--and that someone emptied his vm today. Gonna fill up tomorrow.
Stop stirring the pot...this is not the way to tell them you are pissed off.
Keep fighting for all Ohioans.
it's a mess, but it's no worse than the last healthcare bill you all rammed down our throats. Stop exempting yourselves
what do you mean by real Ohioans?
More heartless than #Obamacare? Raise 3x my premium, reduce my coverage, and raise my deductible 300%? OC is a nightmare.
Please talk to Senator Portman show him how this hurts us here in Ohio and nation wide. Thank you for having our backs!
Read Portman's tweet and the replies. His statement is sickening. Not one reply supporting this bill but he still wants to kill the ACA...
Quite a different story here. Keep fighting for us Sen. Brown. Please find three GOP Senators with a heart, if such a thing exists.
Thank you for truly representing your constituents! Keep fighting the good fight!
brown&Portman;U guys need 2 work 2gether 2 FIX ACA; this action is heartless&cruel; need grownups in the room.
R Victory laps & D sing? ughh
Agreed. It's bad for everyone!
I am a what a preexisting condition looks like!  #multiplesclerosis #mssucks
I believe you missed a preexisting condition,  birth (as in being born).

Keep up the good work.
Please run in 2020. You would be a great POTUS, as opposed to the person now in the office.
I am 63, I don't want to pay 5 times what we are now
