That is the Republicans agenda hurt th people they hate by robbing them an giving it 2 people that fund their pockets an campaigns we see U!
Thanks for having our backs, @SenSherrodBrown! #gratefulinOhio
How about term limits and no pensions.
It's a dbl edged sword for those between 65 and 70.  Many not physically capable of working beyond 65....
Thank you for giving us a heads up & protecting us!
Trickle down don't work & I'm not working till I'm 70 just to get social security. @realDonaldTrump  #Flatout #LikeWTF #Richgetricher
Just one thing. Single Payer Health Care! We need it now!!
Where were you when Obama was blowing up our national debt to unsustainable limits?
Yep. Another bot. Block
So what is your plan to balance it all out?
You got that right Buster we need to cut their paychecks on Capitol Hill
That's the Republican mantra. Lie, steal, reverse-Robin Hood, blame everything on Obama and illegal immigrants.
Don't forget Democrats!
I assume the beneficiaries of SS will, again, not see a raise in pay.  Heart breaking. How do they survive year-to-year without increases?
If the cost of living goes up so do SS checks. Cost of living stays the same, which is what happened, no increase in check
See, that would be true, IF they included real COSTS of stuff. Examples: rent, medicine, food, transportation increased. NOT INCLUDED.
Google "THE SAD STATE OF SOCIAL SECURITY'S COST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENTS" (on The Motley Fool.)
I wasn't saying SS doesn't need to be looked at & revised. Republicans would be happy to cut it if they could avoid backlash.
Last increase was 0.3% - or - three-tenths of one percent. Ppl are cutting their daily pills in half & taking half every other day.
We're letting our elderly & disabled starve again. It's a shame.
Fund the wall putz!
How long have you been in congress? Why haven't you done anything except run your mouth? Typical democrat, all you want is more more more,!
@SenSherrodBrown thank you for standing up for the little guy
Is there no limit to their greed? Any conscience left?
Keep a sharp eye on them, Senator. Thank you for all you do.
I love you, Mr. Brown.
Which sounds more like stealing:
1.Raising retirement age as life expectancy rises.
2.Spending all the SS trust fund money on other things?
No thanks, I think 66 is old enough to retire. Spend my money on me for a change, instead of stealing from me
Mine was stolen! You ignored doing anything! I can retweets the years.
Thank you so much for protecting the rights of Ohioans to retire in safety. I stand with you.
Why do you have to keep fighting the same fight, Senator Brown?
.....many others dumped by their employers thru "layoff" and are unable to find other work due to their age or other discriminatory animus.
Nonsense Senator, besides what did BHO do to help? Increase the deficit!
yeah, steal money that we all work for so the rich get richer, BALONEY!

Like usual. And sell it to their Trumpians as the best thing since sliced bread.
Maybe if that's what they need to do to pay for the cuts they shouldn't be doing it.
I don't contribute to SS, but for Americans that need it, ty for being their voice !
It's sort of funny that you act like SS is in any way solvent. Sen. Sasse can explain unfunded entitlements to you perhaps.
Thank you. Love my Senator. Re-elect Brown in 2018.
Keep up the fight for the people of Ohio Senator Brown
Yeah and your best idea is big govment paid for by fleecing the middle class and small business taxpayers.
Fight it! #Resist
Maybe GOP can't afford yuge tax cuts for Wall St. I ain't paying it (again)!
Can't hear you till you back Medicare for all or explain why you wont.
I do and I would, but I'm guessing you're responding to Sherrod?
Lol, yeah. Telephone twitter mishap :(
I do that all the bloody time. Hopefully you saw this in the spirit I meant, kindly. And I didn't realize he wasn't a supporter. Agreed. 
Thanks in advance Sen Brown, for fighting GOP tax plan to cut #SocialSecurity & #Medicare to pay for tax breaks for wealthy - give em hell!!
'Steel from workers retirement? Hell no.' I think u mean hell no if they are union members! Salaried workers, no problem. I.e.Delphi workers
You mean Rethuglicans best ideas are stealing and cheating, not Democrats. They are the ppl trying to help Americans.
That's the way to parse it, Tee!
Thank you Sen. Why aren't you signing onto Bernie Sanders push for Medicare for All? This is highly disappointing! You need to address this.
Senator- what have you proposed to do about the $20T debt and the $673bn deficit? I'll wait.....
Another Bot! They're all so smug with no facts, aren't they. Bye blocked bot
Yeah!!  HELL NO
Better be a he'll know. There will be a blood bath over that issue. The GOP has probably already spent money to protect Soc Sec.
How about work requirements and drug tests for #Welfare whores instead?
Obviously vicious bot. Block.
#HellNo
Amen, Sherrod Brown 
how about co-sponsoring #Medicare4All ?
Why the hell are u not supporting Medicare for ALL?
This is ridiculous the Republicans need to know they work for more people who depend on thier SS  one day people will figure this out
Standard democratic statement. How about some solutions?
No tax cuts for those who do not need it.  Increase SS for those who depend on it.
Thx Sherrod!  Keep up the good work for us!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!!
Thanks, Senator.
no deal no tax breaks for big business  social security and retirement is for the people doing the work. the real work . no
Social sec is a ponzi scheme that the ignorant who need big gov 2make decisions4them. Are you not smart enough 2save 4 your own retirement?
Another false Republican propaganda statement from a BOT. Time to delete.
Not Washington's ideas but Republicans' ideas. Please stop blaming government in general for the Republicans' disfunction.
You nailed it, Dean!
HELL NO!!!
I'm 57 and mop floors and wash dishes for a living. My body is wearing out.
Thank you!
How about cutting spending?? Start with the Obama phones!!!!!
Psst!  Your ignorance is showing! George Bush initiated this for the elderly living below the poverty line.  Google it.
We new it was coming. Stop the sleazy liars ,@senrobportman never did answer me when I asked what will get cut to replace the lost revenue.
oh sir!
stop with "the sky is falling"!
we don't believe you!
thank you for standing up, Sen Brown!
When the swamp gets drained America will be so much better off America first
Cosponsor Medicare for All. Today.
