Thank you...
Senator our voices have been heard since 2012--chart the election results and educate yourself. #RepealObamacare
And despicable that both dominant parties frame the debate so narrowly - Ocare vs Tcare - when millions go unserved either way.
Pls RT

@AkeemBrowderNYC running 4 NYC Mayor
$15 mw
Single Pyr
Legal marijuana
CJ reform
Green jobs

VOTE: 11/7/17
Good luck but parties eventually cater to spec. interests and sell out. Followers develop PDS - Partisan Derangement Syndrome. Crazy/blind.
So who are you voting for?
keep fighting for us, and we will keep fighting for you.
That's what liberal democrats have always done... The party of the elite globalist who only care for division & hatred...
Thank you See Brown! I'm proud you are my senator and you will keep fighting for all of us!
*Sen.....stupid autocorrect
Obviously you've ignored us hard working families & you sir will not get my vote again
They're doing exactly what we elected Trump to do. My only hope is that they get government out of healthcare completely.
I have yet to hear anyone ask why the Congress and Senate are keeping ACA for their families! PLEASE ASK THEM,PLEASE?
Give em Hell Sherrod !!!!!
You are a hypocrite had good health care with our employers before Obamacare you were the deciding vote dems failed to fix the healthcare
Its despicable that Senators like u exempted yourselves & staffers from the #ACA & left us stuck with it! Corrupt pols like u always do that
You voted for Obamacare without reading the bill - so now your interested   Please spare us your "concern" @SenateDems
Thank you@SenSherrod Brown for taking a stand against repeal and for working together on behalf of all of us.
Did you vote to be on Obamacare????? Are you now on Obamacare?
Stay Strong for us Senator.
Please sponsor a bill that forces Congress to have the insurance they want us to have. If they take our Healthcare we will #resist & vote
So give up your healthcare and join the rest of us, youll fix this system in no time.
Second that!
You all talk like this is a vote on the bill. It's just a vote to make Senators take offer improvements and then take a stand.
Nice taxpayer funded health care that they exempted from all these bills that will kill the rest of us.
...repeal Congress' healthcare!
My God. What will people do now?? How do we stop this rolling evil from killing Americans? I fear for the poor, elderly and the sick.
It's despicable that providers are legally able to charge different customers different prices for the same service. Why is this legal?
Insurance companies negotiate prices with hospitals.... sometimes you pay more if you are insured. Insanity.
Not one representative is trying to make pricing transparent and equal. It should be illegal to charge different customers diff prices
I'm so disappointed in @senrobportman. He had a chance to do the right thing for his constituents, and he failed miserably.
I agree about @senrobportman. He's not listening to my calls. Thank you @SenSherrodBrown, for paying attention to what Ohians want
They both have to go...
Ahem, that was YOU, Sherrod, when you saddled us with the abysmal Obamacare!
Yes, it is despicable @senrobportman! Thank you Senator Brown for standing up for us!
So u will support having congress on obamacare
They don't care! That's why we'll take back the house in 2018 - Then onto impeachment!
Thank you, Sen. Brown! In these scary & frustrating times, it is reassuring to know that you are doing all you can for us in DC.
thank you Senator for looking out for Ohio and not being a sell out. Keep fighting the good fight and I'll keep voting for you
I have sent your office my amendment to the AHCA. I expect you'll be introducing it during markup.
@senrobportman You should take some notes from the Senator Ohioans can be proud of.
Could've had single payer in 09 but Dems were paid off by ins co's to give us ACA. FU, F Obama & all DemoCRAPs!  YOU corrupt gave us DT!  
I'm sad for America today.
Really?? You hypocrite!! This is exactly what the democrats did. Pass ACA as a wait and see package and with the GOP shut out. Shame on you
The Dems had a full year of televised public hearing with many ideas coming from GOP. Reminder: ACA based on Conservative group's plan.
Thank you for caring about Ohio even when @senrobportman does not.
Thanks Sen. Brown.  I have hope that you will succeed in protecting Ohioans from predatory insurance practices.
Thank you for continuing to stand up and represent our interests!!
I so much appreciate what you do for Ohioans. At least we have 1 Senator who actually fights for the people. Thank you!
They're going to get sick healthcare or not and GOD is going to remember and his judgment doesn't have prescription coverage.
Thank you, @SenSherrodBrown , for standing with Ohioans!
Thank U Sen Brown for caring about Ohians. Today @senrobportman proved the win was more impt. to him than the health & safety of Ohioans
I thank you sincerely for your continuing efforts to represent Ohio with intelligence and dignity.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown
I hope whatever they gave you is worth it. #noreelection from this Ohioan.
Could've used your voice in '09 when Senators were voting to take away plans and doctors from people while having their premiums soar.
Please keep fighting for us, Senator Brown. It looks as if @senrobportman hasn't.
Your statement calls for "working together". You just voted no to open debate on the GOP bill. Which is it, work together or no debate?
You and the rest of the democrats are an embarrassment. I will not forget come this and every election in the future.
Thank you so much for this
We're behind you 100%
And we'll keep fighting right alongside you!
Thank you Senator. Although ACA was imperfect, it improved a bad health insurance system pre-2010. Repeal is step in wrong direction.
Thank you, Senator Brown!
The GOP are playing darts with the lives of people. They might as well move to the nearest bar & get drunk before the game. Improve outcome?
Don't trust anything you say Sir
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown, from a single mom and teacher #45213
Fight, fight , fight. This is insane.
Thank you for caring about your constituents, Senator Brown.  @senrobportman u coward,  u should resign if you can't put country over party.
Time for the congress to have SAME healthcare they create for the rest of USA.
All government employees should lose their health insurance that the taxpayers are paying for. KARMA
Particularly despicable for one from Arizona. Wished he had the guts to do the right thing so near the end.  No Kimmel epiphany for McCain.
You continue to advocate "working together" & continue to decline to list substantive GOP ideas you would support as part of a compromise.
Boooooooooooooo! Don't get comfortable in the Senate Sherrod! I think you need your ears checked. We've been waiting for this day. Finally!
Thank you, Senator Brown. Your vote matched your words. This shouldn't be noteworthy, yet it is in the current state of affairs.
Are you on the Obamacare exchange? Why not? You should be forced to buy only on exchange since that's what you passed for working families!
Thanks for your leadership in Ohio when we can't count on @robportman
Thank you Senator Brown! We need more like YOU!
Thank you for representing Ohio taxpayers.
Here! Here!
Portman is spineless to put party over people.
Keep up the good fight!
Where have you gone?
Thank you for always having the interests of all Ohioans at heart. Maybe school @senrobportman on what that looks like! #CountryOverParty
Thank you for caring about your constituents.

Here's my idea for fixing healthcare in 6 tweets. https://twitter.com/TanyaGrahamDVM/status/889662329247465472 …
Please talk to Portman about this. He won't listen to constituents, but maybe he'll listen to a colleague? ...Maybe?

.@senrobportman I will be donating to anyone who runs against you for the rest of your career, Republican or Democrat. You have failed Ohio.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for being the only Ohio Senator that cares about Ohio.
It's time to push Dems to FIGHT FOR #MedicareForAll !!!
Remember that @SenateMajLdr & rest of @GOP were shitheels before #donaldtrump re: #ACA this is their dead hooker, may the stink never leave
If you think somw smarmy presser is going to do anything, maybe call up rob portman and tell him what he did directly.
thanks for caring about Ohioans, Senator!
Thank you for standing up for Ohioans.
John McCain is a piece of crap
Thank you, @SenSherrodBrown.
