You lost my Vote!
bye. 100's more will drown out your uninformed vote.
Ohio went RED! Keep fighting!He's still in office! Crying Liberals I Love it!
thank you Senator Brown!
thank you Senator! From 43224.
But Rethugs just don't give a damn. It's frightening 2 watch  how they stand behind each dangerous nominee.
thank you and keep up the pressure on the Russian hack into our elections
Thank you!
.@SenSherrodBrown I am so thankful and proud to have @senrobportman as my Senator and @JoshMandelOhio as my future Senator.
nope. Not a hope or a prayer. Mandel will lose. Again.
So did yours with your support for Obamacare.
wow! That's surprising
Thank you for speaking the truth! You are a true representative!
be nice if it was able to stop Trump his White House clan....
.
why? If you don't pay your mortgage you get kicked out. Are you all this stupid?
another loser, Mnuchin  comfirmed, Chalk up another loss for the Dems,    gonna be a long 8 years
can't wait for Trump to cancel your monthly benefits. #draintheswamp
sorry I don't receive any monthly benefits.  I don't need any. I work for a living

thank you for your no vote on Mnuchin from 45140!
thank you!
We'll vote no on you next election. Shameful party politics.
@ohiogop @JoshMandelOhio Not surprised coming from you.  Hey, aren't you up for election next year? #lockstep #brownshirts
yep, and he'll be gone soon. Trump won by 9 points, brown will lose by the same
Thanks for looking out for the working class, Senator.
Thank you Senator Brown!
Thank you
we are voting for Josh Mandel in 2018
Thee most batshit ep. of #TheApprentice #Flynn #YoureFired @PressSec @KellyannePolls @POTUS #YOUREFIRED #investigatetrump
thank you Sen Brown for doing the right thing for working class people
Thank you Senator Brown!
Thank you for listening to, supporting, and representing your constituents. @senrobportman should take lessons from you!
thank you. I only wish you held your ground with the eduction drew up with DeVos
Sherrod I'm glad u show your true coward Ness. Cause 2018 u will be out of office . Just like Hillary found out
it didn't matter who was nominated, she trod was voting no. He'll be gone soon enough.
So happy we can count on you, Senator!  Thank you!
thank you for listening to your constituents! 
thank you for doing the right thing! Ohio is watching. We have to get stronger!
yea he felt that pain when u wrote them checks
at least one of our state senators still works for his constituents! Maybe you can talk some sense into @senrobportman
thank you Senator!
@cherokeesher2 @YouTube #CongressDoYourJob
Thank you Senator Brown
TY for your stellar representation. Your leadership is appreciated!
THANK YOU
THANK YOU
Thank you!  @senrobportman, how about you step up and show that you won't support those who prey on your constituents?

Thank you for voting NO on the foreclosure king #Mnuchin 
Thanks to Sherrie Brown. If you ever run for national office, I will remember your actions today.
Thank you Sen Brown. Proud to call you my senator 
Thank you.
thanks
You have proved you don't need a reason to vote no.  Politics as usual.

- It's the right thing to do. Good on you!
Thank you for voting NO on the foreclosure king. Thank you for representing Ohio with pride and honor!
I will vone NO for you in 2018
and 100 more will vote yes and Mandel will be destroyed.
Thank you Senator as an Ohioan at least I can be confident in one of our senators. Thank you again, keep fighting
Thank U for listening to us #resist
Thank you for all that you do for the people of Ohio.
Thank you from Cincinnati. And for being the Ohio Senator unafraid to face his constituents. We will fight for you in 2018.
thank you!
Thank You Senator Brown.
I am with you
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for properly representing your constituents! We appreciate you voting NO on Mnuchin!
Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator Brown for doing what is right. Proud to have you as my Senator!
