1. It ELIMINATES the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative – threatening clean water and good jobs along Lake Erie.
2. It cuts the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP).
3. It pulls the rug out from under our fight to combat the opioid crisis.
4. It reduces workforce training funding by 40%, & eliminates the Economic Development Administration & Manufacturing Extension Partnership.
5. It slashes nearly 70% in the public housing repair budget, which would leave more Ohioans exposed to mold, lead, & other health hazards.
6. It zeros out the Appalachian Regional Commission - a slap in the face to rural Ohio.
On behalf of the people of Ohio:
Senator, please share these facts with Rob Portman. Maybe he'll listen to you; he does not listen to us.
Cat this is so true, I live in the southern most tip of OH we r forgotten
That we'd like to pay off our debt so that we can afford all the crap you want us to pay for? Just a guess. Lmao
They don't like kids or teachers very much.
That you aren't doing your job!
So, you'll be voting AGAINST it, right?
YOUR comment & followers' are ludicrous & illustrate the #LiberalHATRED for America and the Military. @POTUS is #YOURPrez like it or NOT!
If you DON'T like it here, leave and we will gladly give you directions to Canada.
It tells me Trump is trying to clean up the Democrats' mess.  Come on, senator, serve America, not the Democratic Party.  Grow up, please.
Exactly!
This budget says rich people matter.
It tells me that people in Ohio will lose tens of thousands of healthcare jobs.
Science is supposed to matter! Thank you for continuing to champion the GLRI & SeaGrant!
Well I know the WH don't have southern OH as it's priority.. His budget will hurt my family
That they are for the rich, screw the poor. Sad
Duh, maybe Congress need to balance the budget!

It tells us he is giving power back to the states where it belongs!!!
Lining their pockets by screwing the poor.
It tells me the Republicans want to demolish public education
being poor is a sin therefore let's let 'em suffer (republicans are a cynical bunch of a**holes...hypocritical too)
Pot calling the kettle black!
It tells us they are looking out for the tax payer!
That's the WH is a heartless , soulless vapid place occupied by a man who knows nothing about life or governing. A Koch Brothers wet dream.
Have a talk with Rob, he doesn't get it.
His priorities are himself & others in his wealth class. People,including millions of children. do NOT MATTER to Trump beyond their votes.
Says he doesnt care abt our impovershed, disabled, the most needy in r country! Dispicable. Sad part is those ppl r mostlyTrump supporters!
Fuck the poor? Kick those who are most down? Women and children are expendable? Only the wealthy deserve help from the State?
And what budget plan have you proposed that would not leave our great-great grandchildren still in debt to China etal.
It tells us that you're going to lose more of your base. Allow people to work for a living.
Enriching the rich by reducing the population.
Tax cuts for the 1%, to hell for the rest of us.
i feel personally threatened by Mulroney>(trumps henchman)&his creepy math budget
Sarah Palin's death panels have arrived!
@allinwithchris
Tell us this admin and this GOP doesn't give a damn about the American people @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @CNN @ananavarro
Keeping the money for themselves.
It says to me "may the odds be ever in your favor" so we can get ready for the hunger games. Good luck to anyone that isn't rich
tells me they are nuts
thanks for staying strong for Ohio!
At least they put out a budget. Unlike others...
They hate us
It tells me our government is f-ing big. 
We should cut even more. 
20,000,000,000,000 in debt.
That trump lied to his base about taking care of the everyday ppl n the less fortunate...so much for being listened 2 and draining the swamp
It goes against the grain of the tax & spend dems doesn't it Sherrod?
It tells you my President ensures the work is shared rather the sharing the wealth of the working
Thank you for this--I appreciate your time and good sense.  And how you look out for the people of Ohio.  So appreciated!!
How are my tax dollars being spent? And when is enough enough of you taking my money, when I have 0? And when will you balance the budget?
Other than that they're heartless jerks?
Thanks #JoeBiden
Thank you, Senator.  Preach.
Why not start w/outrageous, then settle with more than you even thought you get. Is that part of the art of the deal?
Well being of Americans are not a priority. Greed is a priority !
It provides tax cuts to the rich,.
Thank you for expressing outrage. You will, of course, hold your colleagues feet to the fire on our behalf, yes?
And I bet a partisan coward like @senrobportman will support it despite all of these being issues he supposably supports
that's actually pretty funny coming from a Liberal--no wait! nothing funny about killing babies so you can say you protect women!!
Lack of compassion
You will never convince Trump's base that this isn't the biggliest  winningest budget ever. They will believe him even as cuts hurt them
Your priorities is too hold their feet to the fire. Our Republic has been betrayed. Coddling Repubs isn't in America's best interest.
It tells us they're sociopaths, but anyone paying attention already knew that.
I am on the phone constantly calling your office as well as Rep Beatty. Also writing. Every other day is a crisis.
Yes, you view a society by the way they treat the least of them, the poor, animals, the sick, and prisoners.
Starving Military contractors
That their priorities are Mar-a-Lago members.
Apparently the administration thinks the country is filled with a bunch of freeloaders.
