
Funny that @BarackObama, @HillaryClinton, @JoeBiden, n @SenSchumer all supported @JudgeNGorsuch in 2006. Now tell me this isn't about Trump!
Okay. This isn't about Trump.
 now that's funny
#ImpeachTrump
The American people need Americans in Washington sir, not democrats and republicans. Vote American and not as a party follower..
A justices is a neutral arbiter of the law. He doesn't "look out" for anyone. Stop this obstruction and confirm Gorsuch.
Actually no. My mother is a judge and has always been shocked at the lack of oversight even in face of justices playing politics
So the question is. Do you believe Gorsuch will remain neutral? If not, what leads you to that conclusion?
I have yet to see a single senator even attempt to make that case.
All of his previous decisions
Their best argument against judge Gorsuch is that he doesn't have a bias. Isn't that what we want in a judge?
Every decision has been upheld. He rules on what the law says, not what he wants it to say.
And yet nearly all his decisions have been shown that were he could interpret the law he has done so 4 Corp not ppl.
Can you whisper that to @senrobportman ?  Thanks for all you do!
Thank you, Senator!
Yes and we need the gop removed from the White House entirely. Russian active measures continue DAILY and the press conduits just like 2016
Since when has the #altleft given two shits about ALL #Americans?! You #clowns aren't fooling anyone but the #idiots who elected you. #hacks
I fully agree with you
Keep pandering to the 'little guy". Quit the politics and confirm Gorsuch.
I totally agree. And that's why we need Neil Gorsuch.
Absolutely
We do but I highly doubt we are going to get that.
Gorsuch's record does not back up this claim.  It's a party-line issue solely just as was Kagan and Sotomayor.
This constituent agrees completely, Senator.
NOT Gorsuch!!
Well we got exactly that.
Someone needs to say the truth...the republicans just got paid off by subverting the constitution and tossing away a 200 yr old senate rule.
This is Scalia seat. If you Filibuster..... oh well. you won't be around to see the next nominee.
I know too bad we have none.
And somebody that is less of a robot at applying the law. We need a judge, not a robot that ends up siding with corporations. #indivisible
@realDonaldTrump @senrobportman Please use the nuclear option already.  We are tired of this.  Wish people would work this hard to help us.
Trump was the capstone for Ds. Lost the House. Lost the Senate. All b/c of policies of Obama administration.  Do your job-vote for Gorsuch.
I agree so much
Thank you. Proud to have you as my Senator!
How can we convey this to @senrobportman ?
thank you!
have you heard of the constitution?
Thank you, Senator Brown, for standing up and fighting for average Americans.
Thank you. We'll remember this in 2018.
I agree, but where is that nominee going to come from? It's not like Trump will nominate a progressive POC if Gorsuch can't get through.
Approve Gorsuch

Thank you! #gorsuch thinks it's okay for employers to ask female job candidates if they want to have kids, and not hire them if they do.
@SierraClub yes, thanks
You're the best. Thank you for all your great work. 44060
Thank you!!
Thanks Sherrod for representing us!
We need a justice that follows the law and does not legislate from the bench.  #Gorsuch
No we need a justice who reads the law without an agenda. Making laws is your job!
representing his constituents is also his job. He is great at that.
and not an illegitimate nominee of an illegitimate president
thank you 
pls keep fighting to #StopGorsuch
You need to do something about it. Anything.
This is critical! Keep fighting.
If Gorsuch followed his conscious, he would insist on a hearing for Garland before having his own. But he didn't.
So you need to vote yes on nominee and stop playing political games
Thank you. Stand strong. Ohio has your back.
I totally agree sir, these are frightful times.
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
We agree--and Judge Gorsuch is that man because he judges the laws not the individuals! Jackson Center Ohio here, sir I want you to vote yes
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
Or plagiarizers!
Thank you!  @senrobportman seems to believe party over country is the best course of action.  You are fighting for us!

You mean a libtard activist. Just what we don't need. Stop being an obstructionist.
Yep it's a good thing then that we don't have someone completely deferential to govt. power like Garland as nominee.
WRONG - SCOTUS is supposed to ensure the faithful application of the Constitution REGARDLESS of the status of the parties involved!
You need to take care of people in your district. Veteran RICHEY Rager begged for your help. You IGNORED him and left him to suffer & worsen
Yes we do, please explain that to that good for nothing @robportman.
and the very corrupt
Nothing wrong with being rich except when it gets in the way of the rights of everyone else.
Thank you!
Absolutely
Thank you again! Can you talk some sense into @robportman. He's sadly lacking in this department.
Thank you Senator.  From Ohio.
Thanks for all you do!  Keep up the fight!
I tuned in to your live Facebook feed just now. Thank you for speaking up for citizens! Keep fighting!

