The Obergefell decision guaranteeing right to marriage equality came out of Southern District of OH & was initially appealed to 6th Circuit.
Imagine if the man who boldly repeated homophobic slurs had heard the Obergefell appeal.
Imagine if today an LGBT Ohioan or Michigander or Tennessean or Kentuckian faced this man on appeal.
Can they be confident that their case would be decided fairly and impartially – that justice would be served? Can you be?
Learn more about John Bush’s record by watching my full floor speech here → https://www.facebook.com/SenatorSherrodBrown/videos/322282834863650/ …
Sorry senator your speech is full of opinions but little facts?
You need to be less generous. Rs approved John Bush, as vote was party-line. Senate confirmation would imply members of both parties aprvd.
Please let the madness stop!!!!
Any relation to Jeb?
Sherrod: This is why you always have my confidence and my vote. You care about Ohioans and Americans!
He needs our donations too. To fight off the bigoted campaign of Josh Mandel. Every little bit helps
That Mandel would take a stand against the ADL is all u need to know abt him. I'm donating to Sherrod Brown today!
You know,there are times I want to sit down,cry and give up. Then,I see something from @SenSherrodBrown and it gives me hope.
Never give up  tweet your frustration out  bring attention to problems only way to affect change.  It does work !!  Believe
I do try. Just sometimes,it gets overwhelming. People don't listen,or seem to care.
We care, there so much every day. We have to stay focused and strong. Take a break from this. It helps
I take my break tomorrow. Go to my ObamaCare doc. See how I am doing. :D It does help,and I will drive home the long way. Amish country.
I seriously cannot take anymore. My limit has been surpassed. "Conservative" no longer carries the same meaning. It now = white supremacy.
Oh great thats all we need more bigotry and hate coming from this WH
Another typical day at the republican's circus
@MSNBC @Morning_Joe first Sessions, then this mutt. GOP= overt racists = back to the "good old days" but more public & open now
I'm sure he will wear his brown shirt on the bench
Make sure to post who voted for this bigot
Lots of liberal bigots on this strand.  Yes, liberals have been the most bigoted self-centered thinking obstructionists. Shame.
@GregoryRoth7 would be very comfortable in a theocracy like Saudi Arabia.
You are wrong. I would be uncomfortable in a country dominated by Leftist Fascists like NEA and Sen. Brown. You were thinking about Obama.
Ohio, be outraged!
Ugh! We love you Mr. Brown!
@robportman stay in D.C. Till you get something done! You both sound like broken records. Your both part of the problem!
Of course they did. You can't tell me you're surprised. He's a perfect fit for the current madministration.
Shameful!
You sir, are an unhinged leftist buffoon.
I worked with John Bush at Louisville firm where he was partner and he was a complete gentleman and professional...unlike Sherrod Brown.
Yay Ohio! You never disappoint in disappointing your people.
This results from failure of Democratic Party to find effective ways to reach "the masses" on need to recognize fact and value all people.
SHOCKING!
After Sessions and Devos confirmations, this is not surprising - infuriating but not surprising.
Dammit, @bushmushed.
That asshat is soiling a good name.
That's right. Keep the hate going. You're being sent home next.
Keep up the fight! We have your back 
Can you show us examples of bigotry senator and discrimination? That John Bush is guilty of?
It's "The 'POTUS45' Era" - "Time 2 Take "OUR" Country Back... 2 The Pre - 1964 Civil Rights Act days !" 'Yer either wit us, R U'r 'Again us.
Surprising? No, not in this admin. or this Congress.
Sir, where is the list of senators who voted FOR the confirmation?
Wtf @SenateDems is wrong with you
While we are being distracted by the chaos of a man not worthy to be president
Sad and disturbing. Justice is supposed to be blind, not biased.
Thank you, Sherrod, for speaking up and standing up for is. You've got my vote!
and it's only like the 15th most offensive thing to happen today
How is this ok with anyone?
I appreciate your standing against this.
Yea... Sure... What else is new..? Oh yea... #peoplewilldie. You're an #embarrassment. #dosomerealwork

Someone is hurt again!!!
I've heard you mock the evangelicals, religious right, anyone who voted against your sorry career. You really are not OHIO material.
Alinsky speak again. I've heard your bigotry OEA Rep Assembly. You hate anyone who disagrees with you. Get out of town, D.C.
A life-time appointment of a racist will bring this country back to the 1860's. Oh Wait..we are already on our way. Where is @realFredDoug
That's true
Thank you for being my senator.
And I'm not surprised
Why?
Thank you for fighting the good fight @SenSherrodBrown .
Thanks for staying to your principles
It is so disgusting. Trump is ruining this country. He needs to be impeached!
Wow!!! 
Another sad brick in the wall...maybe this is the kind of wall tRump reeeeally meant!?
When will America wake up and vote the fools out of office, who put other fools in positions of importance and power within our government?!
Why? Just why ?
REPUBLICANS/TRAITORS
Lovely just Lovely. Just what we don't need in America. More discrimination and bigotry. Who voted for him?
The Republicans are out of their fucken minds
. Welcome John Bush, we need more people like him.
Shameful
@OHDems More of that winning thing.
That's not good. 
Thank you for standing up for fairness, justice, and dignity.  @senrobportman we are missing your leadership.
Disgusting and vile. If there is a hx of racism and discrimination , that stands for everything the Justice system should not. Shameful.
Holy crap! What are We becoming?????
This is so disappointing. Thanks for standing against him.
He fits like in with all the other bigots running the country!

Another swampster  Trumpovsky  ass kisser
Sad to say but if you win this election it will be at the generosity of the GOP (SOS) that controls the Ohio voting system. . .

I feel like it's the twilight zone
Why not? Good reprsentative of Trump.
Wow really? I think you and the Democrats are the kings of promoting bigotry and discrimination!
Excuse yourself from this thread and stop spreading lies.
Please consider running for the Presidency in 2020.  Things need to be reversed.
WTF?/
GOP has no more ethical standards or integrity
Did any @SenateDems vote to confirm?

Why?
The shame of it . How does one explain that kind of thing to kids? Hell, I'm over 40 years old and I don't fucking understand  this shit
What has happened with the GOP? They are moving us backwards and it's disheartening and frightening. @SenateMajLdr ...is this who you are?
Terrible!!!
Disgusting!!
WTF??
Shame on you. You name call others, you are dishonest, terrible Senator. Resign or retire. #TerribleSenator
How did the partisan Rob Portman vote?
Awful choice rubber stamped by an awful senate.
And he will be one of many...
I don't get it. Who votes for this man in the senate?????
That's my question... who voted for him??
OMG! Seriously, this is unbelievable!
Trump's disastrous values go on..... They are incompatible with freedom for all, respect for all, and a free country.
Well you do get more flies 2gether over ..
TEARING DOWN INSTITUTIONS - John Bush isn't qualified to work ANYWHERE - much less adjudicate at 6th Circuit Court.  POOR choice!!
Man there a lot leftists upset over this he must be a good man...
Awful!
Thank you swing state Bernie bros and stein heads
Raise your hand if this shocks you. #crickets I didn't think so #GrandOldRacistParty
Congratulations are not in order.
sure...
Good!
Any Dems vote Yes?
SAD
Thank you for your efforts Senator Brown.
Glory be to God
Sign of the times
@robportman your #ethics stink #wend @GOP enjoy your last ride
This is infuriating
We have a secret govt-we're way past asking about legality. We the people have 2 stop them-How 2 fight 4 freedom https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RibAQHeDia8 …
Horrifying @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris
Disgusting!
Why do @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC @SenMajLdr GOP congress hate black people, all nonwhite people so much? It's America 2017 for god sake
that's awful.
Ugh! Trump Admin Requirement. Must be bigoted and connected Russia.
OMG. Gets worse and worse.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA.  LOL.
What a horror show.
I think you mean emperor Sparky's shit show
Idiots!
And the way you conduct yourself is just as shameful
So by that statement, he must follow the way the laws are written. What a hateful statement.
The Gang of Predators will always vote party over country. SMFH!!!!
I can't even. 
Well thats kinda effed up.
Par for the course @senrobportman
Could not agree more- sometimes my heart breaks for his son just imaging how it feels to have a father make those votes
