Visiting my home state of OH from CA and I'm truly frightened for the women of Ohio with blocks to #choice getting more difficult.
Proud to be #menformurderingtheunborn. So #Proud. You make me sick. #humangarbage #gonein2018 #ProLife #protecttheunborn
Oh cool all choice? School choice too? My choice to keep my plan and doctor? Oh, I see. Just one very specific choice.
You could choose to be a Democrat and support #SinglePayer
It's important that contraception is easily available also. #PlannedParenthood provides that access
Another reason to vote you out!  Another is you support for sanctuary cities. Disgusting.
Thank you
We are proud to have you represent us, Senator Brown!
That's nice. I stand with those who cannot choose for themselves #ProLife
Are you going to adopt/care for those babies? Or will you just throw them into the system where they'll likely grow up broken and unloved
So the way to "fix" the system is to kill innocent lives?!? They're killing innocent lives everyday in Chicago and call it a crime wave!!
You mean men have no choice in whether their baby's life is ended right? Doesn't sound like much of a choice for men
Men have choices. Condoms. No sex with someone you can't see having a baby with. If men could carry babies, they should have a choice too.
women have all the same choices you just listed.
At the moment. People keep trying to take the woman's choice for abortion away. If it were men, abortion would be as readily avail as viagra
I don't agree. Pro life people believe valuing life is the key. It's where you begin in a society.
And it's often the root of failure. For all the children who were put in the system and grossly failed...where was the value placed?
So then let's work to help ppl succeed. Not just say oh well, we have a problem. So let's just kill ppl. That doesn't fix the problems.
Which is fine as long as a woman or any other individual's right to their own body isn't compromised. I'm all about education/preventatives
Thank you!!!!   Now kick Trump out.
Majority of post-abortive women report being pressured into their abortion. #Menfortherighttogetoutofresponsibility
#MenForChoice . Truly abominable. Fathers who step up to plate solve problems. Fathers who skip out don't. You disgust me @SenSherrodBrown
Thank you, Senator!

All women should have a choice!
Please impeach that prick in the whitehouse
Thank you, Senator, for all that you do
Thanks for that. Can you also use your voice to call for increased FEMA aid and waiver of the Jones Act for Puerto Rico? Many ppl need help!
#DefundPP #RepealObamacare
Where's your pink pussy hat, Sheryl?
Jealous?
Lol.....freedoms.
Hmm...but aren't you glad YOUR Mother was pro-life and didn't exercise her choice to kill YOU as an unborn baby??  You libs are clueless!!
Loving me some Sherrod Brown.  You are truly a champion of the little guy. Keep fighting the good fight!!
@SenSherrodBrown abortion is nice for you Dems. That way we get more government dependent welfare queens. I support fatherhood and life.
@SenSherrodBrown proud to stand for the slaughter of innocents. Hell of a thing to be proud of.
Senator, I thought you defended victims! Are not the unborn children victims?
#Ohio women love that you can say #IStandForPP Thanks for fighting for #ReproRights
Agree.   It would suck if after a woman tells a man she pregnant he couldn't say...."well you could get an abortion"
So proud to have you represent Ohio!
Anyone who supports sanctuary cities is siding with lawlessness. Good thing that second amendment exists.
Happy to have you!
Lucky Ohio! Thanks for standing up for women!
Vote for Sherrod Brown.  Vote against Rob Portman.
Thank you, Senator Brown!
Senator, While I live in Ill now, you make me proud to have grown up a Buckeye!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator. I'm proud to call you my representative. Thank you for keeping choice an option, especially in Ohio.
what a lunatic
How could anyone be proud of supporting abortion? I hope and pray you are dismissed from office in the next election.
On the rare occasion that a late term abortion occurs, it is to save the mother.

Not for anyone to decide but the doc & the woman.
RARE...  and those provisions are typically included.  The bill next week is to ban past 20 wks!
Which would be a huge mistake, as many experience life threatening problems late in pregnancy.

Bad idea. Bad ban.
2020!
@senrobportman It's time to waive the Jones Act for emergency reasons. It's a humanitarian crisis #PuertoRico
Disgusting. Nice to know my senator finds human life so cheap.
He shows he values humans enough to make their own decisions about their own bodies.

Oh the horror!
Yes, the horror. Let's kill the unborn, good decision.
Also ONE  @Indians Cleveland fan.CONGRATS, @SenSherrodBrown of OHIO
Listen folks, if you want to reduce abortion rates, then provide free contraception and medically accurate, comprehensive sex ed. 1/
Not of that dangerous abstinence only crap. Legislating away abortion does nothing to stop abortions, it increases mortality in patients 2/
If you're pro-life, then push for the above suggestions and you will see the rates of abortion fall. There may never be a day where 3/
Abortions are obsolete, but if there is, until then, it will remain legal for the safety and well-being of the patient #bodilyautonomy X/
^^^^^^^ All of this
Proud to have you as our senator, sir. The other one, not so much.
Thank you, Senator Brown!
Pride involves doing something difficult, not merely agreeing with your murder harem
Pride is not involved when one has to make a choice.

No one WANTS  an abortion.
Thanks, Senator Brown!
#RepealUnaffordableCareAct
I'm one of the many #MenForChoice and proud to be so.
Thank you, Senator. #equality
Thank you!
Abortion is not murder.
Thank you!
Thank you!
#MenForCash #CultureOfDeath #PlannedParenthood
Ancient abortificiant-bitters. From the Bible, no less!
$33.9 million for the election cycle of
 '12, '14 & '16

Now Leftists reject the historic & bipartisan compromise against taxpayer funding.
Aww, couldn't argue so you changed the subject and assumed you could call me a leftist?

Lame af

Lol
Not talking to you - talking above you. I'm not interested in what you presented. Nothing personal. My argument is about the money.

Proof?

Not true, by the way. Twas because they threatened the men he sent. Perfectly ok with tossing 2 women out in place of the men, tho.
Yes, right as I said.

Toss the women out for they have no value. But they are pure!

Lucky them. >.<
LOLOL

Wrong. Both sinned.

Now we get to the root.

You mistakenly believe women are at fault for all the ails the Earth.

You hate women.
You are a mysoginist who wants men to have dominion over women.

You can't have it.
Thank you :)
But the babies who would have grown into men and women didn’t have a choice. They were ripped apart and thrown in a trash can
Not even close to truth.
how exactly do you imagine it works?
THANK YOU SENATOR for letting ohio have one awesome senator!
#NotPortman.
Wish there were more men like you.
As am I.
Proud of you men too!
Thank you.
Thank you Senator. Thank you. 
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
This proud Buckeye sends her appreciation from SC.
Biblical law only applies to people who want to follow.
Thank you Sen Sherrod Brown for standing with PP and women and girls choice

Thank you!
thank you!

Cool button bro! 
Thank you.
You one of the few Senators  I consider warriors... Keep pushing..
Holy crap! You're WHITE! I totally guessed wrong on that.
thanks sir! can you push the Democrats to take a hard line on this? we're still insisting on putting our efforts behind anti-choicers to run
