To ensure that taxpayer money is spent responsibly, urged @MickMulvaneyOMB to investigate taxpayer-funded travel in the Executive Branch.
Personally, I'd ask him to WALK to all his events - after all, he is supposed to be the head of the agency to keep people healthy - right?
Thank you for speaking out, Senator.  It was great seeing you again on Thursday and look forward to the next time.
Good Saturday, @SenSherrodBrown
Sherrod please support Medicare for all. Join Bernie Sanders and help give America what we need
Amen brother
Just think how much good @NHSCleveland or @CleFoodBank or any NGO could do with an extra $300k.
That seems like something that shouldn't need a tweet.  Not in this administration. Stealing from tax payers.
His sense of entitlement,his use of resources that could go to those who suffer with huge medical responsabilities does not reflect service!
Price is so wrong
Plus he's a felon--insider trading. Should be wearing stripes--and not on a suit.
Another swamp viper added to the trumpshit swamp. Hey trumpers....remember in the campaign when he swore to drain the swamp?
HE LIED TO YOU.
Lock him up!
If @SenateGOP and @SenateDems want a bipartisan issue, surely this is it. It doesn't matter who's in office, wise use of tax $ is key.
He needs to repay every penny of this back to America we should not stand for this
Great work! Why didn't you do anything like this from 2008-2016?
One way to tell when a politician has to go is when he uses the people's $ to act like he's royalty
How about giving that money back from which it was extorted? Oh that's right U R an over tax&spend democrat lining your pocket&buying votes
Hey @senrobportman maybe you can comment on officials stealing money from taxpayers.
Get behind @SenSanders Medicare for All bill, you bought quisling.
We could of had Bernie
Ok and we should focus on citizens not illegal immigrants and foreign nationals
Here it is...
@HHSGov inspector general investigating @SecPriceMD travel on private charter planes
Get em @SenSherrodBrown! Trip @senrobportman in the hall for me.
Thank you. Support the ACA.  #DoTheWork
Elitists corporatists that do nothing but serve their billionaire masters.
#DrainTheDamnSwamp created by Trump.
Who wants to undermine our health and protections.
And they want us to feel safe flying commercial. Why don't they?
Don't need your money, let people take care of themselves
AMEN!
No Secretary's should be flying privately. We have no kings here, and they should not think of themselves as above other Americans.
Agree. Price is an entitled grifter.
$300.000 dollars of tax payers money wasted because De Price thinks he special .He should be fired or resigned
This shows extraordinarily poor judgment.  And you can fix people like that.
Your on board with single- payer and your worried about this waste of tax-payer !? Come on Senator, get real!
According to @EWErickson those jets are the only thing keeping raving liberals from murdering Tom Price
Luckily for Tom, literally all pilots are republicans.
As a native Ohioan this would not "fly" from someone from our state. Georgia folks should be in an uproar
Or would it? 
How disgusting!! Price feels so privileged that it never occurred to him he was using $$ that are for health services, not for his pleasure!
Agreed!
Plutocrat.
Exactly this admin believes they are entitled to tax payers footing their frivolous spending-Mnuchin and his obnoxious wife and now Price
I second that sir 
When I worked for the federal govt, the costs of our pens & office supplies were monitored to the penny & rightly so! Shame on @SecPriceMD.
He shouldn't been selected 4 HHS He was being investigated 4 stocks then but they vetted n let him go through.  Snakes on the plane crooks
@SecPriceMD Not one word? Anything? You can start with writing a check. Coach suits you just fine.
Wasn't there an issue with insider trading when he was first appointed?
How can we get taxpayer money back frm him? Class action?
What can be done about this?  This is ridiculous!!

His arrogance in spite of spitting in the face of the American tax payers is astounding. He should know better, but he doesn't care.
Brown you are a do nothing old line democratic which should be replaced like all the other career politicians
Let's see those private emails on government computer you used! I think it's probably something along the lines of Larry Craig.. Wide Stance
Every time I see this picture I think it's Tim Gunn
Well why not back a meaningful single pay reform of the health care system. And how many perks do you use in the senate and do nothing
Do we know who is flying on the plane with him or is that shielded?
he took more since January than the ones listed
@SecPriceMD price is a GOP slob lowlife
I concur.
Enough of this. Price should resign.
Sherrod when our You going to find DOLLARS for Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans & Guam Veterans PASS S422 Are You going to answer?
I have to ask -- Does Price own the charter plane company? Or someone close to him?
That was keeping an American healthy, he shouldn't have to fly with the indigent on the same airplane. It's a government perk & deserved.
Amen Sherrod!! And American needs to get behind the Tribe to win WS this year. What a story that would be.
The fact that you have to say this makes me wonder wtf is going on...
Welcome to 2017.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown! You are correct. Every dollar from @HHSGov should go to keeping Americans healthy. Price must go. #FirePrice
The site that is used for ACA will only be on-line for one 12 hr. Period during ACA enrollment period. Please help!!
Health is a matter of contemplation, not remuneration.  Heal thyself, politician.
Kill the Bill @SenSherrodBrown
Wow!  Obama spent million after million on lavish vacations and shopping sprees for his wife, remember?
I want our money back. This SOB should repay the taxpayers for his luxurious travel. It's our money. I want it back to pay for the hurricane
So sponsor Medicare for All
Another disappointing, doughy, awful, old white man.
I believe we are now calling the doughy old guys "Dotards". Who know Kim Jong Un would have better words than Twitler
Can we call the doughtards?
