People need to wake up!! He is destroying our planet! Clearly doesn't care bout his own grand kids!!!
$20 Trillion debt is destroying our children's future.  Planet is better off than our financial future.
Our children will have no future, money won't matter if we have no clean water and air! Think about it!
EPA is bigger threat than Trump - EPA failed Flint and Animas River in CO.  70's EPA more effective
Are you kidding?
and meals on wheels and pbs and a ton of other things that are vital
Meals on Wheels not Fed program.  Big Bird doesn't need welfare. $20 Trillion debt needs fixing NOW.
The job prez doesn't know that budget cuts=job loss. Keep up good work, he needs to alienate base
$20 Trillion in debt means hard choices must be made.  Brent Spence Bridge is more critical than your pet project.
Yep!  And vote NO on HR36.  Of course you will!!  Thanks for looking out for us.
This is how we got Trump. The 'unacceptable' obstinacy needs to be behind us. Negotiate instead.
Agree!  $20 Trillion debt needs everyone to solve.  Sen Brown needs to work with Trump NOT against.
$ 20 Trillion debt demands hard choices.  Eliminating pork is a good start.  @senrobportman gets it!
.@SenSherrodBrown This isn't a budget, it's dismantling of our country by a madman. @POTUS
Thank you for standing strong for clean water and clean air!
I am all for keeping the Great Lakes Clean. Lets do so in a efficient way.
is a business man, too. If it is "Unacceptable", follow it up w/ a solution. Don't just sit in the peanut gallery.
Great Lakes Initiative & Clean Water Act IS THE SOLUTION. Why can't so-called business man understand that?
Not the way it was presented in the tweet... Read like a whine to me.
uh, nope. solution is to NOT cut funding. Brown is condemning decision to create problem
you needed to ask if China would be a priority ? Read CIA 1999 China manifesto . Too bad Obama and clinton
the whole budget is unacceptable for Ohioans. You and @robportman  need to stop it at all costs.
how can we help?
since they will be negotiating with idiots like you, this should be easy. #howtonegotiate
this  budget like Proposed healthcare bill must die in the Senate
Just by being 45 itself is jeopardizing public health. Unacceptable.
It's time to block every bill Republican's try to pass like they did to President Barack Obama.
@Cheetomta @POTUS stupid. Not shocking. But stupid. #itsonly4years
You can never reduce the deficit w/o goring someone's ox, in this case ours #SuckItUp
Thank you Senator Brown for standing up for us against such nonsense.
#Fakenews by #Browntheliar
Clean air and potable water are the bare minimum to sustain life. Please keep up your good work for us.
Even if you prevented no new P from entering Lake Erie there would still be Algea Blooms because it is already there
just because money is thrown at a problem doesn't automatically fix the problem.
Pls Senator Brown help our state & beautiful country.  This budget proposal is a job & people killer, end of story.
@senrobportman time to step up! This is a #bipartisan issue
Sen Brown always stands up for the people of Ohio. Sen Portman..DeVos vote was with Mitch & GOP
@sportsyelling @POTUS Didn't most of the #GreatLakes States vote for The Trump?  Way to repay your supporters, Trump!
budget includes to ,any cuts to vital agencies.  I support impeachment
I hope you will fight this insanity until there is literally nothing left to give.  The whole #Budget2017 is madness
But, we need to use that money for defense! Not much good when nothing is left to defend. Don't let this happen!
the way Ohio voted for prez, seems like they want to restart Lake Erie fire  :(
The Great Lakes water system borders 5 states, & , water is fungible, the pollution will know no boundaries. #SaveEPA
we need the Great Lakes restored to their former health, not abandoned and defiled to new levels of toxicity! Please
Native Ohioan. Swam in dead fish infested Lake Erie. Watched Cuyahoga River burn. Are we headed back to that? Shame!
boooooo
@sportsyelling @POTUS One of the few things You have my support on, Senator.
That's OK you've not cared about our jobs your whole taxpayer funded career #islam i#global is your agenda
Explain to me @POTUS - This Makes America Great - how?
Keep fighting for us, Senator!
But will @robportman stand up for Ohio?
Also eliminates funding for LIHEAP! For some, this is the only means to heat homes in the winter. #TrumpDoesNotCare
Well be a leading Democrat and reach across the isle and broker a deal already.  We are behind you!
Think long-term: we need a strong EPA, State Dept, and public education for our future.
a shameful budget hurting this least able to recover. Thanks for your work to oppose it!
When taken in nationally it will cost jobs, security, climate change initiatives, etc., BAD, BIGLY BAD
Of course it does. @realDonaldTrump does not care about real people, only his rich friends. PLEASE #DumpTrump
Not to mention the proposed 20% cuts to NIH and DOE. Completely unacceptable!
For all of @senrobportman’s “bipartisan” support of protecting Lake Erie he’s still behind Trump 100%. I wonder why?
What does Senator @robportman think about this?
It also eliminates all three of Ohio's Amtrak routes and deep cuts funding for local transit. Got to fight this!
Please stand up to this POS  POTUS
His budget is horrible. Please, fight it tooth and nail.
fight it!  Lakes are too important.
If they kill us all off, no need to worry about jobs, Healthcare or education!  Problem solved,  Easy-peasy.
Great Lakes region depends on clean water for profitable fishing & tourism industries.
This is an example of why all Dems must vote against EVERY Trump nominee and legislative bill.
please save our Lake Erie! My unborn grand children and great grand children deserve clean water.
is there anything in this budget that is sensible , reasonable and for the people. Not that I know of it's dangerous
@senrobportman Yes, Senator!  Now see if you can get Sen. Portman to stand alongside you for Ohio
maybe we could cut the trips to his country club almost every weekend how much money would that save taxpayers
@CNN Trump is unacceptableWhat do you expect from him given his record?  Waiting for his resignation/which is coming
You've got more than enough to arrest this traitor. Emoluments clause, treason, etc. So the hold up is...? #Trumprussia
Unacceptable
We appreciate your voice in our state! This is a war on poverty..please do everything you can.
can't keep spending into oblivion forever. We're 20 trillion in debt. You haven't tried to do anything about it
he's just redirecting the money to build more nukes. He's barely reducing spending
his budget reduces the deficit. It's a start. He's not a king.
