Oh Sherrod. So predictable. I'm sure you'd prefer if we all thought the same & talked the same too. So much for diversity
Particularly Trump does not belong in the White House.
His wife should be the next to go, she is as bad as he is, just not as visible!
So why is Trump still there?
Now if we can just get his boss!
Including @realDonaldTrump .... #IMPEACHNOW
It's people like the ludicrous lefty Brown, who doesn't seem to understand the meaning of "illegal" who should have no place in our gov't.
He's a better man than you. You're the one with extremist views. Idiot
The guy--Trump--in charge of Whitehouse-- doesn't belong either!
They're only extreme to you because you are a radical leftist
You can't even name an extremist Jihadist group, idiot, let alone Gorka's "extremist" views.
Sherrod Brown and all who share his extremist views have no place in the Senate- MH
Love how you say extremist view in general but have no specifics regarding what view you find extremist. Probably because it's common sense
Good. Now 4 .@potus to resign & his staff.
SenSherrodBrown- and all left-wing extremists like him have no place in the U.S. Congress (the people's house of government)!
We feel the same way about your & many of our cohorts in Congress! Your extreme views resulted in the current mess facing .@POTUS & country!
Very dangerous times for our country. After winning your reelection, it's time for you to think about the highest office.
Now time to get rid of Miller...
I cannot stand that ingnorant yet pretentious pos. He should be banned from the news for lying like the rug he wears
everybody who diagrees with you libs have a extremist views it doesn't matter you guys are lunatics
Sherrod, why are you so lost in socialism? Please just try to MAGA, or it's time for you to be replaced! 
Thank you for being the ONLY OH politician who stands up against the 'emperor'
Coming from a left wing extremist. #Classic
Just because someone doesn't hold the same opinions as you does not make them extremist. Otherwise you could be considered extremist.
About time!
How about the Muslim Brotherhood. When they was in the WH where was your outrage
I am though very concerned what exactly you consider extremist. Please explain yourself. Your subjects yearn for learning.
I'm sure in your administration we'd have a nice mix of diversity of thoughts & opinions...Of liberals (extreme & hardcore)
What do you consider to be extreme about his views?
Next to go must be Steven Miller!
You speak the real & only truth!
Good! 
You have no place in our government you fool
And how are YOU personally helping to get them out of there senator?  Or cobating these Terrible attacks on democracy by Trunp?
Trump included.
That includes includesincludes @realdonaldTrump He needs to go.
Finally.
Did he resign or was he fired?? Can't sleep tonight without knowing the truth!! 
Confiscate his US passport - ship him back to Hungary.  Goodbye racist!
Gorka was a creep.  Very scary person.  Glad he is gone.
So predictable of the extreme left. If you disagree with conservatives ideology label them. Democratic Party is dead. Now extremists!
But the @POTUS just pardoned a known racist for a racist act.  I know you don't approve, but...
Anything to add about the pardon?
So I support the Muslim Brotherhood & slaughter of innocents?
Sure the uber-Lefty Brown does.Fine to hyperventilate about a few White Nationalists but NEVER mention 1000's killed by radical Muslims!
And Mnuchin has no valid place at treasury, Carson at HUD, etc, etc.
Gorka is a true Patriot
A few are still there... 
Trump was always a racist his dad was in the kkk he refused to allow blacks in trump tower racist through and through
That includes the #permitnazi Donny. #russianpuppet
Thank you Senator. Unfortunately @senrobportman still falling in line with the racist administration.
Neither does POTUS. He needs to be gone.
He is still in the WH. Not physically, but has tRumps ear.
Trump will still talk to him
That means Trump too!
He won't resign from having the pu••ygrabbers ear though, no more than Brannon & others.
The main Nazi is still Potus. Until he resigns or is convicted we can't let our guard down. He'll just hire another Bannon or gorka
Hey, congrats @realDonaldTrump. Guess your Hungarian "Dr." solved terrorism. On to the next challenge. L'chaim! #Trumpnazi #TrumpRussia
#NoMoreNazis
I am glad he is gone.
