Keep up all your good work
Where was your call for this 8 years ago when it was shoved down our throats?  Piece of work .
Public option - buy into medicare. Empower Medicare to negotiate best price from big pharma. US per capita costs inline with European allies
Consult insurers, care providers, patient advocacy groups, community & teaching hospitals, etc... include best ideas from each. Compromise
@dani_npe If that's how you feel, reach out make some real suggestions. Your party will hate you but you'll be statesman.
Like Repubs did, when Obama, desperate for bipartisan bill went w the @Heritage individual mandate?
Thank you for continuing to fight for healthcare that is life-focused!
Could we also get rid of Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, Trump and Pence. Then working together could work.
Multiple career changes are now common, single insurer makes total sense in changing economy. US business not burdened with HC #publicoption
Can you please give examples of GOP ideas considered/included in the ACA? And examples of GOP ideas you would accept in a "bipartisan plan"?

Accepting technical amendments that don't alter the bill is not the same thing as accepting substantive ideas from the other party.
Most would agree that dropping public option from Senate version to appease GOP (while not an amendment) was SUBSTANTIVE!
Most would agree that problems in individual market (that covers only 7% of Americans) were created by this compromise.
Most would agree that basing ACA on policy originally proposed by Heritage Foundation (& enacted by Romney) was SUBSTANTIVE!
Most would agree that never proposing Universal Care (adopted by all other developed nations) was a SUBSTANTIVE compromise!
"Universal Care" is not always "universal".
Congress is ineffective and nothing gets done on Capitol Hill.  I'm talking Republicans and Democrats. Do your job and don't just obstruct!
Stop talking about it and do it. Ohio voted for Trump and as an OH Senator you have a responsibility to support our agenda - not yours.
I don't think those corporate puppet clowns could work together if the entire planet was invaded by the Borg. #deathtooligarchy
Would have been nice if y'all considered that 8 years ago. Hypocrites all
Single payer? :)
Good luck with that.
We need Medicare for all, with the power to negotiate drug and health care costs. Like the rest of the civilized world
enjoy your last two years in office
Hopefully in the ACA as improvements
In order for that to work, Senator, BOTH sides have to stop lying and start telling the truth.  About EVERY aspect of the problem.
Great idea but it will never happen he wants to have his own way or nothing at all he's going to do is waste our time & work their agenda
Actually its time to pass a bill that you politicians don't exempt yourselves from.
I Ohio Dems
Dems should not wait for Republicans to lead! Put a detailed plan together, call a press conference and present alternative to public. LEAD!
Thank you!!!!!
Intro a bill that concretely improves Ocare/puts us on path to single payer. Not only good policy, it keeps hcare in news until midterms.
Thank you! 
Yeah but dems weren't willing to play ball with @SenateMajLdr in crafting solution to failing #ACA.
You mean you're going to cut the BS rhetoric?
Will you please explain to the insipid doofus @senrobportman how this all works? It appears his comprehension is still compromised. #FixACA
Actually, it was time before you smucks passed Obamacare. You're a con artist.
Now is the time for you to get off your self righteous high horse and DO SOMETHING positive. Quit complaining and try to work with everyone?
The dreaded "B" word? Bipartisanship!?
So why aren't you doing anything?

Long past time for providers to list prices and charge different patients SAME price for SAME procedure/service. #ACA
I'll be pro single payer when the federal government shows it can balance a budget. When it shows it can take care of the Medicare we have.
2009 was the time to do that. You were are part of the problem the. Just as you are now!
Yes. Take out the profit from suffering. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #UniversalHealthcare Taxpayers $ should go to health care, not ins.
How you going to do that Sherrod ? It's time for universal healthcare.
You're about 8 years to late.  Let obamacare blowup
Vote him out!
Are you trying to sound like a populous instead of a liberal Democrat as your re-election time is approaching? I don't think u believe it.
Let me know when you plan to get me the $2500 in annual savings that you promised would come from ACA.
@senrobportman Universal health care!  No more "for-profit" medical or insurance companies!
Medicare For All is only plan acceptable to "we" the people. The idea that the GOP oligarchs will support it is impossible back to FDR . . .
#SinglePayer w/#Cannabis we know #food is in #prohibition and you have lied to us for 80 years on a PLANT. Turn it lose it is time.Gen. 1:29
Then tell me why the Democrats do not include the Republicans and the Obama care
Seriously, though. Shouldn't that have been the FIRST approach to solving the problem?
What are you doing to reach across?  Are you talking to Sen Portman?  Every Sen needs to take the initiative.
Lower costs is a foreign language to dems, impossible
now is the time to impeach trump and Pence!!! #impeachtrumppence #trumpsareevil
Here is all you need to know to make healthcare work: FREE MARKET!
Where's the Dems plan to fix Obamacare and lower my $1400/mth insurance?  Put up or shut up
Thank you. Marriages don't work when one-sided and neither does government. Work together and we all win!
Funny why didn't to say that when Dems wrote and passed #Obamacare? Oh and exempted themselves from it!! Your a joke!!
Thank you for everything you are doing for Ohio.  Keep fighting!
Amen brother! Did you get that @senrobportman
Obamacare was promised to do that. No reason to believe you now.
Like all other countries do, with single payer?
Amen
Welfare State!
Since when did healthcare become a Right and not a privilege? Can't rap me head around paying all those taxes when I've already paid 4 kids.
Single payer will be unsubstainable with 1/2 the citizens not paying taxes. Or is that what you want?
Senator- How about a balanced budget amendment be in place first. When will the over spending stop. Get the economy going strong first.
But, IMHO, you are doing nothing to help & nothing about health care, only health insurance. No regs/care cost reductions or tort reform! 
BS
The Dims introduced Ocare, and rigged it to fail so single payer would be installed. Now they say fix something they rigged to fail. CRUEL!
Thank you Senator Brown!
This should've always been the plan.But the interim plan can't be to take away HC from millions & cripple the HC industry. #PeopleOverParty
Will the repubs want to fix ACA? No
Will they go with single payer?  No
I don't see how but it would be nice 2 work together
#Medicareforall. @senrobportman @RepSteveStivers
Our Government needs to stay out of  #healthcare You all mess up everything. Let insurance companies do it. @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr
Sen.Brown, I'm looking for you to find a sensible republican & both of you join in sponsoring a companion to #HR676. It's way past time.
Not sure it can be done when some want to work reasonably for the people and some want to work for private profits and anti-govt agendas.
I agree!  Get @senrobportman on board with you.  Sounds like he may be coming to his senses.
Right! Until folks like Betsy DeVoe line his pockets with money. Then he turns back into a shill.
Cooperation for the greater good! Everyone needs health care eventually.
Agree! Wish I could vote for you.
They just can't admit defeat. The party of NO is now the party of failure. Nows the time to put country before party. They only had 7 years
Yes! Thank you!
How about medicare for all.
You should have always been working together to make healthcare work, unfortunately neither side sees that.
I Agree!
Radio silence from multimillionaire @senrobportman. Will he stand w/Mitch to STEAL coverage from 32M & DOUBLE PREMIUMS???
Absolutely, the only way to be successful is to work together let Ohio lead the charge #bipartisanworks
I think single payer Universal Health Care would be fair and good  for everyone's health
The first step has to be stop calling it Obamacare. Some people will never be able to get by that title.
#SinglePayer now!
Good luck with that.  Gonna be hard as long as some are in bed with insurance companies.  People should be before money Keep fighting plz
Now is the time to "repeal" 45 & don't "replace" with Pence!
Leave ACA alone until 2018 then with the help of additional dems, work on the trouble spots of the bill. GOP had their chance for 8 years.
Senator, I read your tweet as fix the ACA and/or move to single payer. Is that accurate?
The democrats will never participate
They don't care about the American people. Just regaining power.
No it's time to repeal the POS ACA! Government needs to get out of healthcare
#SinglePayer #GetRidOfCrappyNetworks
Now is the time for elected POLITICIANS to get K STREET LOBBYISTS out of HEALTHCARE.
medicare buy in for 55-64 has 70% favorability-12% opposition with republicans, 78%-7% with dems, 66%-12% with Independent. seems bipartisan
Lead the way for the dems. They need some leadership. #MAGA
again....What a novel idea! Who wudda thought? Thx sb
That would be lovely, but the @GOP isn't interested in doing anything bipartisan. Like, ever. They wish only to destroy.
There are some that are more reasonable.  Get something the centrist most 60% can abide and it's done
Thank you Sen. Brown
With all due respect, isn't that what we heard the first time it failed? What's it going to take? Somebody has got to take the high road.
