The latest idea is to tax working families’ retirement savings.
You’ve got to be kidding me: their 2 best ideas to pay for huge tax cuts for Wall St are to slash SS & then steal from workers' retirement.
Not if I have anything to say about it.
If POTUS & Rs want to work w/us to build a tax code that puts more $ in pockets of working fams & small biz, Ds are ready to work together.
But if they want to steal from middle-class families’ retirement for Wall Street, they will have one hell of a fight on their hands. -SB
The rich get richer. Says it all
Thank you :-)
I can't survive already on ss now I have a child to care for my knees are in bad shape or I would be working
@DmitrysPlane are you following this development? What do you think this means in terms of tax rates for middle class?
I just saw this. This is a Resistance rally cry against the Tax Reform efforts. This is Paul Ryan's trickle down nightmare scenario.
Wow. And looks like ACA repeal could get a vote too. Need to ratchet up resistance to defcon 1 again.
They have until Oct 1 until deadline for voting as reconciliation bill (requiring only 51 votes) otherwise it has to pass 60 vote threshold
Ok so this could happen in next few weeks. Would have to pass house, get CBO and then pass senate, right?
Lindsay Graham has a bill on offer that, at last whip count, had maybe 45 votes. They have a limited time before they need filibuster proof
NO WASTEFUL WALL. An expensive wall will not keep out runaway fear mongering.
Senator, I suggest you pay for the tax cut by spending less.
I'm for paying down the debt before we cut a taxes
Propaganda peddlers for the Democrats.
Martin (how is the voodoo economics going, btw). We will see. Whatever the case, your services are no longer needed after 18 mid terms.
Please support Bernies single payer bill!!!
Please band together with Dems and other sensible senators to block passage of this tax cut!
HELL NO
Don't let this slap in the face to our seniors stand, Senator.  Thank God you have a clue.
I hope the @senrobportman is paying attention! This Ohio citizen says, #notaxcut
This is such a surprise.  These Republican traitors know where the money is, and they will steal all of it.
surprising me not at all. In fact, this wouldn't have taken Trump to do, just @GOP. SOOO happy 1% will get tax breaks though /sarcasm.
No. We can't allow this.

No way. We will all be out in the streets.  Don't steal our $$.
Good luck with that. That is going to go over like the proverbial lead balloon.
Simple economics says that the money must come from somewhere.  It wouldn't matter what was done in DC...it would be wrong per you.
Of course they do.
That's me you jerks! I didn't vote for this! I worked since I was 11 for you to steal my SS an Medicare? #NOWAY
Your hysterics are hysterical! Illegals don't qualify for SS and Medicare. DACA recipients also don't qualify for any public programs!
Here we go again. The sneaky little bastards!
I want to know why our voting machines have yet to be examined for hacking. I can't believe so many Ohioans are this stupid.
And after the NSA leak? Man please. I don't believe trump won a damn thing.
Point blank: voting integrity cannot be restored without proof.
This isn't acceptable, period.
Not news: part of Republican ideology, dictatorship plans all along.
Is that what they call economic populism? Asking for a friend!
Why not just remove the FICA wage cap? That would only tax the high income earners
There is NO room for tricked up trickle down Trump taxiing. Blue must stop it NOW
We have heard that for years, Medicare is gone, the children are going starve.  How bout giving us action and not BS Words
And that juicy tax reform will line the pockets of big corps--who'll follow Trump's example & send their production to CHINA 
WTF?? Really?
No surprise... thanks, not
Oh, hell no.
Tax CUTS. "reform" lolz
Unacceptable raise the Social Security Cap. Raise taxes on rich. Immoral for the 
middle class paying for the rich.
DOA
And stay out of social security. It's not yours!
Best be fake news. Do they want to alienate everyone?
Counting on the US Senate to stop that!
The Reagan tax cuts cut taxes for the wealthy while increasing taxes for lower income individuals.  That's how the Republicans rule.
Of course it is. It's a Koch WishList item. They work to remove all social safety nets and shift all tax burden to the working class.
Nooooooooooo
They have long planned to loot the last remaining source of institutional American wealth - Social Security - and if they try they'll fail.
I guess my kids will be totally screwed.
…So no different than the usual plan?
Seriously. Why do people keep voting republican??? 
Makes. No. Sense.
Stinks of Reaganomics.  That worked out well for the middle-class.
This cannot happen.
NOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Can't let this happen!
Support Medicare for All
Rumors to hurt seniors is deplorable
This is just wrong!
Tax cuts for the rich in the backs of the poor and elderly. Trump's America.
I already have penciled in $0 from SS for retirement and have planned accordingly. All you pols will never stop spending.
They are just a bag of snakes. Not the dems.
Hi, as a DC resident please don't refer to lawmakers as "Washington." It only perpetuates the idea that DC is synonymous with politicians..
...a false equivalency that continues to disenfranchise DC residents, especially PoC. Thanks for your consideration and your work, Senator!
This is so very, very disheartening.
Politicians: When they are not kissing babies they are busy stealing their lollipops.
Disgusting. Raise the wage cap and preserve SS & Medicare. These guys never did a days work or else they wouldn't even think of doing this
The Republicans have been trying to kill social programs since the beginning. They work for the wealthy period.
Why #MedicareForAll is a terrible idea... A political football for everybody's health ...
Ummm no it isnt.
As a disabled senior who lives on SS and has only Medicare, please don't let this happen.
It will only affect those under 55 years of age. But our kids will be screwed.
Thanks, Faye. Yes. Our kids will be screwed. No safety nets.
Thank you!!! We should have ended those programs a longtime ago anyways, let's end it now ok?
That alway been the game plan .

