Premier Health Plan to exit ACA exchange http://ddnnews.com/2sm9uNb  
Instead of taking away insurance from Ohioans, we should be working together to lower costs & make healthcare work better for everyone.
Sherrod..... where have you been the last 8 years? OBAMAcare has been a disaster for so long. Ohio needed you years ago.
Sherrod Brown has been fighting the good fight for years. @SenateMajLdr and his thugs systematically blocked healthcare reform. Ask THEM.
What did he do when Harry Reid was in charge?   #crickets
Brown helped pass #ACA. There were opportunities to fix it ever since, but McConnell and @GOP obstructed every possible turn.
And now McConnell *threatens* bipartisanship like it's a punishment. @GOP should be ashamed that they cannot work well with others.
"Work well with others"? Wow.
I neglected to provide a definition for those who don't comprehend higher level vocabulary:
no, you did! You either don't get it or really need to study how capitalism works. Insurance is not a right.
The free market isn't the answer for everything. We can't choose which illness we can afford & can't survive w/out healthcare. Other
Wealthy nations figured this out ages ago. It will never be profitable to cover the very ill & they need it most & often have the least-bc
They're very sick. We need to stop allowing industry to profit from human suffering & learn some empathy as a society.
When this gov & all gov have empathy for all living creatures then you can have peace
As opposed to no care at all. And yes-lucky. Anyone can get sick. I hope you find out soon.
Make sure you vote no to prevent us from having lower Rx drug costs. Keep that Big Pharma cash flowing into your pockets
that was a non-binding resolution that would not have resulted in cheaper drugs even if everyone voted for it...
in Feb @CoryBooker wrote an actual bill with Bernie Sanders to lower drug prices by allowing cheap, Canadian imports
Untrue, insurers pulling out because ACA doesn't work. Consultant told my agency years ago that numbers were wrong, it would crash & burn
@CoryBooker @daytondailynews Is all the responsibility of the great incompetent n the democrats  obstructionists.
Um no Dolt. They are trying to clean up Obamas failing garbage. Bad try at a failed spin dumbazz
Ohio is a red state. I guess they asked for it.
Repubs love 2 say ACA is failing but forget 2 tell that its cause of their actions & inactions. Creating uncertainty in market. FIX ACA.
it was failing long before Trump was in office!  Obamacare was a scam, a failure and a disaster!  Trump will fix it.
Didn't Ohio go red in 16? I thought so. Who knew he was a lying sack of ? I did I did
North Carolina  raised  fee's  30%
#cowardDonaldTrump, stop the craziness!
I'm puzzled by this constant need to refer to the man as "President".Especially from sane-minded folk. Call him "Trump". We know who that is
I will never ever call him president.  NEVER.
You can also count me in on holding firm to that position.
The loss was happening no matter who was the POTUS!
Insurance companies cannot accurately set rates b/c trump etc keep threatening to remove subsides. Would you eat somewhere with no prices?
There should be none! $ $1500 for MRI w/o ins $900 cash $500. There needs to be over the board cost for everyone pay same price!
Obamacare caused this, nothing else. You voted for this to happen in 2010. It was inevitable. It was your vote personally that caused this.
But you voted for him!
@CoryBooker The GOP & President "Clueless" r intentionally fostering a chaotic environment causing providers to avoid risk.
Why isn't there a better effort to educate people to let them know how the GOP is sabotaging the ACA?
The Tang Emperor strikes again.
TRUMP DIDN'T CREATE Problems States/Counties are having with Ins Co's pulling out/Increased Premiums. OBAMA/DNC Created the MESS. Not @POTUS
Bullshit.  The R's have been destabilizing the ACA since its inception.  The current mess is due to their current attempts and sabotage.
BS as you say. ACA created&run by DNC.Lots of detrimental bills within OCare that DEMS happily passed KNOWING BAD 4 US good 4 Establishment
stop the lies we know the http://truth.Insurance  companies all lost money on Obamacare.Why would they stay.President has no says in this
Ohio voter said Trump was their guy. It's a helluva price to have to pay for voting for the guy who yelled repeal and replace.
Will the voters of Ohio who supported DT admit they were wrong? Don't think so...even with their h-care on the line! Get what you vote for..
@Cigna @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @dougducey @charlesornstein Aetna is leaving AZ and Cigna is dropping their PPO policy.  GOP doesn't care!
NO that's wrong, obamacare failed on it's own, it was doomed from the start, when will you admit that, stop blaming trump not his fault
I am sorry to hear that this is happening.  For that reason, I hope those that voted for Mr. Trump don't make that same mistake in 2020!
News flash you are what is wrong with Washington politicians.
Go ahead blame Trump for Obamacare failing. The law was passed to intentionally fail so they could move to government run single payer.
Because healthy people will not pay into keeping sick people insured given a choice a lot of people will decline health insurance
Why don't you tell your constituents exactly why there will be 25 million less people on gop plan...
What justifies CEO salary?
Susan D. Devore 
Premier (PINC) Charlotte, NC
Total Compensation For Year 2016
$6,619,843
https://aflcio.org/paywatch/highest-paid-ceos …
In 2016, Susan D. Devore made
175
times the average rank-and-file worker’s pay

And a third of what top ranking medical insurance CEOs take.
28 million uninsured. Can't afford Obamacare premiums. Another 10 million on exchanges in jeopardy. Obamacare failing.
Where have you and Cory been? Your politics have got to stop.Contribute to a new healthcare bill for all Americans.
Sen Booker's disappointing interview on NPR = not answering questions or supplying information. Best you can do? then pack it in.
My plan is not thru the market place and my company just canceled us start 1/1/2018. Letter states volatility. IU Health. Indiana. 
Praying my home state adds voice to fixing #ACA not kicking millions more off. Get vocal Ohio!!!
Let me fix that headline: "The dangerous game Democrat politicians are playing just caused more Ohioans to lose their insurance." There.
How?
Don't need Trumpcare but imagining the worry among families, kids & seniors who do! Writing, calling & protesting -but do they hear us?
The insecurity causing stress and fear everywhere. Cruel and heartless.
Are the insurance providers pulling out of ohio?
Excuse you, what policy has Trump put in place yet to do any harm? Fake news fake story.
The government shouldn't even be in the insurance business.
Why isn't as much concern placed on hospitals that hold your life for ransom.   The mark up on medicine in hospitals is astronomical.
Democrats are losers
ALL the BS from this Monster MUST stop!! The tweets, hatred, ego. WTF does our allies think of the leadership of the USA, get serious WH!
#anyonebuttrump2020
Yeah cuz #Obamacare wasn't already long tanking or would've endured under #Shillary.
With respect, Senator, I think you mean Trump and Republican politicians. I don't see a lot of Dems involved in this.
The same Ohioans that supported Trump, oh by the way? Mind boggling.
Well then win both houses back n impeach him
Lmao! Delusional much?
Your not in office long!  Why don't you try and get something accomplished?
ACA ISN'T DIEING TRUMP & Rebubs R Killing it one INS CO AT A TIME! This needs to stop now! DEMS THIS IS WAR TIME TO ACT!  ACA REPAIR BILL!
You  gngçhv
Evil
@senrobportman @PatTiberi Are you listening to your colleague? Oh that's right you don't play with the democrats.
Sick GOP..your city has the highest rates of opioid addiction.
Time for the Republicans to ask Democrats to join them to seek common ground ASAP. We are depending on you now
Whose confident that Government will keep subsidies for care covered by insurance? Insurance companies are not.
Senator, when u say "Washington politicians" u mean Republicans who want to destroy Obamacare & who care only for tax cuts for the rich.
They are sabotaging the ACA and don't care who they'll murder.
take him to court
Admit that Obamacare is a failure on its own. It was tried & it failed. Get govmt out and let the free market in. Competition works!
Hold #Gop accountable for once !! Tell the country how they have consistently  sabotaged the #ACA !!

Thread https://twitter.com/MollyMcKew/status/880557910442389504 …
Trump is sabotaging the plan well known fact! He doesn't care about anything but being able tosay to right wing support he repealed Aca nuts
30 million not covered under #ACA, many by choice. $770 p/p with $4K deductible for a silver plan in Columbus is not affordable.
It's as is they have no clue that at the other end of this there are real people, already stressed about real health issues who are now...
..having their health insurance jerked around by a bunch of boobs who are unable to do what they've been saying for 8 yrs. needs to be done.
FFS, quit playing political games with people's lives and get together with the DEMs and craft a real HC solution. Or get out of town.
People lost or could not afford insurance BECAUSE of Obamacare. Enough pandering.
Sherrod how many people are paying for health insurance yet cant
Let me get this straight. You are blaming trump for the failure of the aca? 
Trump & GOP cut funds till ACA withers, dies. Then blame Pres Obama. Hurt millions of Americans to play tit for tat, all for $ & ego.
so can we look forward to you introducing a Senate version of #HR676 Medicare for All?
You should be a commentator on CNN, you'd fit right in with your narrative.
Straight from CNN......
Get him out!
@senrobportman learn from someone who cares about Ohioans
The Republicans did not pass Obama care that is what the insurance companies are disliking. Not the replacemen plan you are refering to?
@daytondailynews So why aren't you doing something????
And your plan is being presented when?
ACA has saved the lives of many people, including many I care for personally. Please keep fighting for us Senator. Thank you.
You aren't doing a damn thing to help loser
Boooooo.  Hissss!
Please keep fighting for our care, Senator. A lot of lives in Ohio depend on protecting pre-existing & access to healthcare. #SaveACA
Keep up the heat Sherrod-this #GOP government is actively sabotaging the ACA just so they can be "right" about forecasting its collapse.
Senator keep fighting the republicans healthcare plan. But Trump's tweets today are more indication of instability & unfitness for job.
They are deliberately sabotaging to blame dems and people are too blind to see
A public sector option (single payer) needs to step in if the private sector chooses to leave.  Fix the ACA - No to #TrumpCare
Had Hillary been elected you're saying Premier Health would have stayed in ACA. That's laughable.
You're a Washington politician. The ACA was the cause of Ohioans losing their insurance. Not Trump.
Repubs intentionally destabilizing the market. Don't forget Repubs own it. When someone loses insurance, when someone dies.
Insurance companies want Obamacare overturned. Under the AHCA, insurers profit handsomely.
That means their evil plan is working.
Cause and effect or collusion is where your head should be ...
almost funny from you, senator! 
yeah that's fait-blame it on the people in DC for 6 months,
not those of you who voted FOR ACA!!!
The exit is due to the unstability of Congress' attempt at health care.  What is the answer?
How is ACA Trump's game? Obamacare imploding and Trump had nothing to do w it. @JoshMandelOhio gonna beat you
Ever hear a shill ask 4 millions4 #opioidcrisis & mention supply?
Gulen-HRC mangoes n2 O'Hare since 2011.
@LouDobbs #DemExit #MAGA #tcot
And state legislators just put a freeze on Medicaid. Thanks to #PresidentLoco . Keep fighting, Sherrod! We need you!
Thanks for all you do for Ohio. Keep fighting for Heathcare for all.
They where leaving regardless. Just like all the others. The ACA tax wasn't about healthcare, it was a tax mandate on all Americans.
Get on board. More & more are losing b/c of #ACA need to start over.
Yes! Their games aren't fun.
Your the problem. You want Single Payer.  The ppl of Ohio need to get you out
Senator, people are not getting this message. Trump is intentionally sabotaging healthcare for millions.
Buckeyes (& Floridians) need to vote better and this won't be a problem.
They want this to happen, so they can say "See? Obamacare is imploding just like we said." They are a bunch of lying asshats.
Please Ohioans will go right back and vote for him....
Ohioans can end up with some of the worst health in America...just like KY after 33 years of Mitch. #Deathcare
@chrislhayes @daytondailynews To them, are they considered sacrificial lambs or collateral damage?
I don't think Trump, Ryan, et al. care about this: their assumption is those ppl can handle health care in other ways.
Dude.

Why would they? Why would they even care?
The insurance lobby has a more money then Citizens so it won't
Obama , Pelosi, and Reid made the mess....
The people of Ohio voted for this. Give the people what they voted for, elections have consequences
