It says a lot about a Senator when they'd prefer to let executive actions make law instead of Congress!
Why are illegals taking "American" jobs? Duh...Maybe ILLEGAL HIRING?
DACA status allows them to work legally and pay taxes. You don't understand.
So what...
???? Now that was an intelligent response. Childish.
Sessions was way too happy while announcing such horrible news. He almost seemed giddy.
if the Democrat would put this much passion into the other issues we might get something done this year???....
Your Republicans have stopped passage of the bills.
You didn't pass DACA and they didn't vote for you. Obama should have let congress pass it in first place. Your outrage cannot be justified.
Sherrod, I think Jeff Sessions overlooked the DOJ's own legal finding that DACA is constitutional:

https://www.justice.gov/file/179206/download …
Obama s executive order was unconstitutional, instead of bitching about it why didn't you and the do nothing congress do something about it?
Just as much can be said about the Dems overreach and unconstitutional policy's. DACA, Obama Care...need I say more?
No, that will do, lol. Sure does nothing though.
6 months after it's ended, democrats will be saying "What is DACA?" Quit playing games and #EndDACANow
???? You make no sense.
As R many of our Sen., U R not that bright, R you?

That is just stupid.
Huh? I don't understand what you just tried to say.
Trump is scum.   No wall money of any kind
Senator, relief for the children is the responsibility of Congress, not an edict by POTUS.  You know better. DO YOUR JOB!
No it doesn’t,he covered all the bases,it was very clear and precise,the press doesn’t run the government
Please get to work to legislate this program.  This is so despicable.
How are they freeloading on your dime?  Pls elaborate. That is just a trumper bluster. No idea what you are talking about.
Hey, Senator. How about you get to work and resolve the issue; #DACA always was an unlawful executive action. #Timetolegislate.
If you think he's not working on this you don't know him at all.
His statement reflects #grandstanding -- nothing constructive.
Sherrod Brown is not a grandstander. That is ludicrous.
Sessions, tRump and the rest of the Klan are just racist- period, the end, anything else is sugar coating
It sure can.  If you are a lawyer you shouldn't be, if you aren't talk to someone who understands the constitution.
Morally, it cannot be justified. Not everything is about lawyer-speak.
He is allowing you to do your job.  Pass legislation for a change, do it correctly if you want it done.  Stop misrepresenting POTUS position
POTUS does need to be involved. He does not know how to lead. He is not about to take responsibility for anything .
Become citizens and its not an issue there in are military how did that happen there illegal citizens and they also vote illegally for dems
It says a lot when Pres. Obama who taught CONSTITUTIONAL LAW signs an executive order thst is UNCONSTITUTIONAL and YOU do nothing..Says alot
It's called the law Senator. What don't you understand?  They are Illegals!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It also says a lot abt bully=coward pres who is 2 chicken 2 announce this hateful thing.Has Sessions announce it so he gets blame not trump
They are both cowardly and cannot answer direct questions.
So when are you introducing a bill?  That is what you do?  Correct? This is a job for our Senator.  You interested?
There is already a bill introduced.
one thing you democrats care more about illegals then you do about the working men and women in this country.
So, the Dreamers have taken your job? So sad
Don't give @GOP $ to waste on a wall. Hold them on principle. Enough with GOP racism. Dem politicians need to unify and raise their voices.
They do already.
Introduce legeslation that will protect the dreamers & give them immediate citizenship!
Can we just march on Washington and remove the orange shit stain from the Oval Office? Enough is enough.
our you threatening our president
Oh shush
May he be damned to eternal hells fire.
May you be damned to eternal damnation and fire!
Lol...now that is the comeback of a 6 yo.
Give them citizenship. They've earned it.
I Agree!
@realDonaldTrump  Sessions is a weasel who would and is kissing 45's ass to keep his job! Period Stop!
@senrobportman please say this.
Cowards.  All of them. B
Thank you!!
I can't believe he didn't wear his hooded costume.... When Sessions speaks I can close my eyes and hear a plantation owner in 1860.
You have to close your eyes for that?
It's a requirement to answer questions?
Was DACA law Senator?
Cowardly! Trump throws rocks and hides his hand.
No tax reform without immigration reform. Corporations can wait, dreamers can't. Protect #DACA.
Thank you for continuing to fight for what we all know to be right, Senator. #DACA
Well with the track history of the media they'd get it wrong anyway so why bother.
There's no longer any justice at the DOJ. 
#Resist RESIST RESIST!!!!!!
Sessions cannot take the heat. He gets flustered. Can't think on his feet, specialky when what he is saying is cannit be defended!
. You mean slam our beloved President Mr. Trump session from fake news. News media is irrelevant to people who want truth.
Thank you Sen. Brown please protect the dreamers by passing legislation.
My dreamers come first.  What part of illegal don't you understand.  These idiots were elected to represent America period.
Like when Hillary refused to hold press conferences and tightly controlled ALL appearances. Yes, kinda like that.
The POTUS has explained his options and you need to realize his choices for all of us@followdontlead
Coward
You are right DACA should never have been excepted as US law. So thank you Democrats.
Sir had you and your colleagues done your jobs in the first place, we wouldn't b here. Now do your DAMN JOB!!
Because they know it is indefensible. Trump is a bigot, plain and simple and the GOP has an obligation to repudiate his decision.
This has to do with what the constitution requires of making laws, has nothing to do with racism.  Take a class on the US Constitution!
Yes please get to work, if so important why has congress. Not passed a bill for it?
Comment about it being illegally enacted to begin with?
Just like Obama creating his own law which is against the constitution.  Congress & Senate never attempted any legislation
The pressure wise, brown. Have you not noticed? WTF
How about working on a solution across the aisles.  Time to come together and get busy working!  Immigration reform is in your hands.
just look at the passion that the whole Democratic Party put out on this one issue but when comes to protecting Jobs absent
democratic Party cares more about illegals then the working class of America and have left them behind it sad....
Republicans are the ONLY PARTY that support the working class.
If you work, vote republican!
see this is why your going to lose more seats.american workers are sick of democrat party you care more about illegals....
Sure it can
see DACA was unconstitutional when Obama signed the executive order it can be overturned by a new president put in trashcan
see sir this is happen when the work is done wrong. All of Obama's executive orders can go in the trashcan.
What do you know about justification? You should be ashamed of yourself ignoring the theft of Judge Franklins nephew. #Ohio #Lucas #County
It's great to know Ohio has at least 1 great Sen . thanks. #fakefoxnews
#SaveDACA #HereToStay
Denunciation is great. But let's act in Congress. #defendDACA
Thank you senator!
Why should we expect anything else.?pathetic and shameful
Should have removed the filibuster in the Senate so you could have gotten it thru there a few years ago.
You MUST work to stop him from destroying our country. He isDespicable
This has to do with the US Constitution requirements of making laws.  Take a class on the US Constitution! We live in a Democracy.
That's the Republican way.  Toomey had someone arrested for asking a hypothetical quetion at hos 30 people(by ticket only) town hall.
Thank you for your continuing work on this. Just spoke with your district office. They're WAY ahead of your colleague Sen. P's staff. 
You Congress are full of BS...........Laws are made from legislative branch, not executive. Maybe now you put big boy pants on & do your job
It says a lot that our representative doesn't understand the Constitution of the United States.
The GOP in general are a bunch of cowards!! Blinded by hate and greed
Just like you and your dem cohorts ignoring tax payers and their request for income tax reform. I see you love illegals over taxpayers.
It is time for Dems to define what it is to be a American and a good human being. Republicans talk about pro-life, they are not.
This has to do with what the constitution requires of making laws.  Take a class on the US Constitution!
13,000 in OHIO WOULD BE HURT
I couldn't agree more
#DACA was an executive order, not a bill passed by congress. Show your true colors, vote yea or nea.
He said what needed to be said and done.The Democrats own this debacle they conspired with O on.The consequences of recklessness are great.
 What @BarackObama did w EO IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL. Blame him for NOT pressing CONGRESS to pass LAW.
Rule of law, the violin playing bears nothing.  O broke law, now Deal with the correction of an illegal action.
It says even more when complaining Dems neglect the fact they could have easily passed DACA legislation in 2009-10.
Crybaby
It says a lot about a Democrat Senator when he did not call out a (D) President who bypassed the Constitution with an illegal EO
Trump hose Kelly cause he hates press also,suggesting during a press conference that Trump use a sword on press
DONNIE AND HIS LACKIES ARE ALL COWARDS.
Trump administration has been disrespecting the press from day one. Trump started before he became POTUS.
it's cruel and inhumane. It's Obama again. If anyone else had implemented daca he would've left it alone.
Tweeting about it isn't going to do anything @SenSherrodBrown. Claiming outrage isn't either, it's time to take the gloves off.
Shd have been HRC's running mate
NO WALL
Senior House GOP sources said there may be a deal: codify DACA in return for a down payment on Trump’s border wall
So now we're going to get Sarah Huckabee who is just going to say "Well, I haven't spoken to the President on that"
It is neither Justified, Nor Is It American. Trump & Sessions are proving they are NOT Real Americans.

You do respect NatSec, right? If we devolve the apparatus' we have currently, or continue in letting illegals form their own const. we lose
You're right daca cannot be justified.
They are cowards, pure and simple.
This has to do with what the constitution requires of making laws, has nothing to do with cowardice.  Take a class on the US Constitution!
Please run for President Sherrod!!
Do your job then and make it law
BRING A VOTE TO THE FLOOR THEN. Stop playing games
Time to stand up for them and all the others, push the one out who is causing these problems!
Also says a lot about a SCROTUS (so-called-ruler-of-the-US) with no courage to stand up there and announce it himself.
Cancellation of a policy is not a policy.
@SenSherrodBrown #hypocrite
You are another ivy league graduate screwing up the government by playing political games rather than governing. Weed Ivy out of Congress.
Please run for president
What questions? .@USAGSessions explained .@POTUS decision & program succinctly & thoroughly so why repeat himself? Up to you what to do now!
If it isnt constitutional. Why wasnt the issue addressed before???
It says a lot about a political party to support an unconstitutional policy.
I'm sorry, I didn't read about when the SCOTUS determined it was unconstitutional.  Or is that simply your OPINION?
It is a violation of our constitution.  Hillsdale College has a free class online to learn about our constitution.
Maybe you should register then. https://www.cadc.uscourts.gov/internet/opinions.nsf/D4C4C6269EE9758585257EA10052EE62/%24file/14-5325-1567834.pdf …
Just hold onto your britches there Sherrod (your emotion spike). Our Great POTUS is just forcing the Congress to finally do their job (YOU)!
DACA recipients are Americans. Working hard, going to school. Thank you for standing up for them.
STOP BEING COMPLICIT AND DO SOMETHING!!!
Welcome to tyranny
Maybe they are too stupid to answer pertinent questions - or too cowardly.
#DACA is like Trump-care for immigrants. Nobody wants it or thinks it's a good idea. Only Russian-supported @GOP--and why is that?
Session is a coward
Congress makes and passes laws, your congress can create a REAL law to protect these immigrants.  Quit fighting and work on solutions!
Answering questions from crazy "activists" so called journalists? Nah, Session won't waste his time talking with the useless press.
Sessions used rule of law as reason! Said not to use on political whim! Sheriff Joe? Hypocrisy, much?
Congress makes the rules of law, NOT presidents.  See the US Constitution.
Queen Elizabeth, what do you wish? DM , your wish is my command. Yes mam, good day to you too.
illegal immigrants become targets for exploitation by being unable to access laws that protect us. Legal Immigration benefits everyone.
GOP has had many chances to work on this issue. Your own senior senator has championed it.
Unfortunately, Dems want new voters & GOP wants cheap labor by oversupplying work force. Taxpayers stuck in the middle w/no voice.
The Dems have pushed repeatedly for immigration overhaul. Do you think taxpayers don't care about this?
The Dems encourage illegal immigrants to invade in order get them under their umbrella of government dependence. No new laws are needed. 1/2
Yeah, I can see you have a deep understanding of this issue. Ok, next.
Just like a liberal. Always condescending & attacking what you perceive as someone having less "intelligence" than yourself. College Grad.
And you have a chip on your shoulder. So? I think you are not nearly as independent in your views on this as you claim to be.
Its a takeover of all government in washington by foreign enemies of states. Someone has to go in thr and end this now. ROBERT, i knowurthr
Just send them back to there country. That will solve the problem.
I am sure that you can justify your support for 800K lost jobs to Americans and Legals. Can't wait.
the lackey hath declaimed for the peasant underclass the emperor's prejudial cowardice as inflicted
Explain this then "Lets be clear this is TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty"
Was that not crystal clear,OR was Obama lying?????
And curcumventing congress to implement #DACA was not only unjustified but also illegal.
