I think you need to run for President in 2020!
at the least, Governor.
I like Tim Kaine but Clinton would have won if Sen Brown was VP.  Rustbelt guy.
but the Dems would have lost a seat in the Senate
this will be in 2020  if we are smart enough in 2018 we can get a a few more Dems in there
Sure U can>just allow 4 the 12 #Dems that's gonna be removed!#Midterm2018
1 party? so long as it's your white, male party, right? Right?! What a bunch of "patriotic" morons you all are.
The death of liberalism/communism is good for America. #Europe has been destroyed by #Lib policy. #Dems R Anti-American.
@ClevelandScene Admit it Sherrod. You weren't going to like anyone he picked. From politico:
Just because you go to the same school does not make you Bro's.
Not sure what you're getting at.
guy says must be good because of school... Takes more than that.
My point was, even Obama's ethics guy said it was a great pick.
because he went to the sane school. Nit because of what he has done. Don't care.guy is bad.
but not a pussy grabbing fascist
2.5 months maybe if you're lucky.
No one, b/c the GOP is full of unscrupulous men
Republicans have voted to weaken America, because they don't care
who, Robert Byrd, a man who was celebrated by the NAACP for turning his life around and dedicating himself to civil Rights?
glad that Senator Brown will not support Gorsuch. Thank you for standing up for your constituents.
Why don't you support Gorsuch. Be specific.
Proven plagiarism, holdings against disabled and women. Always pro corporations.
You will be voted out.
Thank you for this principled stance! Now win others to your opinion!
You need to be a real political hack to not support such an accomplished jurist. Truly disgraceful. I'm ashamed to call you my senator.
Can't wait to work on making sure you are not re-elected.
Senator I applaud you in all that you have tried to do against this stolen seat for SCOTUS.  This man was not right for the American People.
Portman's offices not answering or vmx. Except one where they told me they'd report it but could not read back what my message was.
Judge Gorsuch  needs confirmed! Stop attacking corporations and businesses. People need to make a living & should be free from government
And now the 60 vote rule is gone. And it's 1/10 your fault. Someone needed to be a grown up. This was NOT the right fight
Then you better be prepared to move in 2018.  You are there to represent OH not the Democratic Party

Thank You Senator Brown, a Ohioian who works for the people...
I guess we're going to have to vote you out.
Ohio SUPPORTED Pres. Trump Mr. Brown. You voted against your constituents wishes. Gearing up for Josh Mandel, his time has come.
Thank you!
: senator of state won by Trump, up for reelection next year, and cast the  final vote for Obamacare...Interesting approach
I'm looking forward to working on the opposing campaign!!  If it's Brown... flush him down!
I cannot believe you could vote against @scotus gorsuch,  I cannot wait for you to be voted out of office....you are not a Rep. of Ohioans
we support you and need you to resist GOP. If govt shuts down so be it. Will regardless. Let's make it on our terms.
Brilliant statement. Reasoning like this is what is wrong with the country.
correct. But country only works when both sides play by the rules. Fool me once..
I guess that Clinton selling our uranium to Russia was great. Or Podesta's brother's Russian business ties. Democrats are the liars. Wake ip
Thank you Senator Brown! I live in Columbus and everyone I know is terrified - it helps that we have you fighting for us.
Be serious. They have succeeded in their fear campaign if you are terrified. He has had unanimous support in the past by democrats. LOL
You cannot vote yes because you are a partisan.  We will remember your vote.
That a person will uphold the constitution OVER their own beliefs is vital for #SCOTUS & that is what #NeilGorsuch will do! #confirmgorsuch
This argument does NOT represent the will of the people of OH. You were elected to represent ALL of the people not just a handfull of people
Too bad the president wasn't elected by more than a handful of people
"I cannot support because my party told me not to" more like it
Will you join the filibuster?
Confirm Gorsuch senator;   Gorsuch supports the constitution and law.
you better not obstruct.
He is. His office let me know he would vote against Gorsuch. I told them I was thrilled to make sure he doesn't get re elected
You aren't my senator, but that's just geography. Thanks for standing up when needed!
Why don't you like Gorsuch?  Give me some specifics
I will do everything I can to make sure you're not re-elected. You're a partisan hack. Term limits.
As one of your Ohio constituents, I support his nomination.
ext. Rich dad poor dad. Parliament written by the biz man for the biz man.
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
That's data...Corporations r recognize as people. & if they go bankrupt investors can walk away without liability. ext. Rich dad poor dad.
I believe you realize there are more great qualifications in Neil Gorsuch's background than any that you deem bad. Confirm Neil Gorsuch
I disagree with you 100%.  You are not voting because you have a D after your name.
Support  Judge Gorsuch
I hope u will reconsider & confirm Judge Gorsuch for SCOTUS, or at least no filibuster, the American Bar Assoc. says he is  "well qualified"
the way to deal with your objections senator is to pass a law...thats what you were elected to do...  pass laws..
yet you had no problem 10 years ago ....   look forward to seeing you be former senator Brown.
What a pitiful reason to not support a "Judge's Judge". Party politics at it worse. We as a state voted for the President Won't vote for you
The public should hear from Dems everyday that this nominee is Putin's pick and he should resign. Also the Republicans are now a tool of KGB
Gorsuch is imminently qualified 2 serve as Justice on the Supreme Court.  Ur stance is purely political & will not b forgotten next election
Are you comfortable with enabling the nuclear option??
What hypocrisy!
You got Ginsberg sotomayor and kagan. This is Scalia seat. Don't Filibuster. He was okay for Leahy etc. in 2006.
I will remember this when you are up for re-election. Very disappointed in you as an Ohio voter.
Thank you, Senator. I appreciate your thoughtful consideration. I agree that Gorsuch should NOT be appointed to SCOTUS. Please filibuster.
 thank you for your service, Senator.

Disgustingly partisan.  He's qualified. Nothing in your statement matters.  Very disappointed.
We understand you are mad that the Obama SCOTUS nominee didn't get a hearing. What Trump nominee would you support?? Quit being a child.
That whole thing is an excuse to not support Gorsuch. Quit the damn politics. Period
As on ohio voter I urged you to support Gorsuch! stop trying to politize the judicial system!!
Thank you for standing up for working Americans.  Democrats are the true patriots.
You got to do what chuckie tells you! Hillary would be happy! Guess we will use the "Harry Reid Rule". You approve of that, right? Thanks!
Shame on you, @SenSherrodBrown , I don't buy your garbage.  When you stop taking money from PParenthood, I might listen.
If you feel that you can no longer represent the will of the people of OH. Then I am asking you to step aside and let someone else govern?
You represent me...vote for Gorsuch. Stop all the politcal crap and do your job!
Dear Senator Brown you were elected to support the people of OHIO not your personal beliefs! Therefore I am asking you to support Gorsuch!
Completely wrong. Gorsuch is an esteemed and highly respected judge. Politics as usual. Do what's right for the voters
if you look in the law books they describe corporations as an "entity" separate from the incorporator
enlighten me. Just who makes up corporations? I always thought they were made up of employees & stock holders ... citizens
Flynn deception.  Abhorrent    Don from River.   Go Tribe
and I sir, cannot support you ever again.
Trump must go! Now he's fighting Nordstrom?
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown. I am a voter and I support you and proud of you!
Ohio voter's won't be supporting you come re-  election. We are tired of partisan politics. #SCOTUS more qualified then you
Unwillingness to listen to the desire of the people is why Democrats lost.  Working together for our country would be best
you can't?  Well your up in 2018 anyway.  The people will nor forget!   Keep fighting President Trump!!!!!  #TRUMPTRAIN
Oh the irony that she was fine with all the democraps when it was not politically expedient to turn on her.
what's up Sherrod u all talk. That's right poor school deserve what they sew in your world. Why rich communities reap
@OhioDemocracy this is why we keep voting for you, senator.
Thank you!!
thank you!!!
Thank you for your support of kids and schools in Ohio and in the United States!
Thank you for representing the People. You've made Ohio proud.
how can one be an originalist and think the framers who believe corporations could hold religious beliefs?
No @DNC senators should support any #SCOTUS nominee for this seat that's not Garland period. @DNC needs to be tough!
I know this fight is useless and might hurt in the long run but we need our democratic senators to stand together on this
Thank you for making these excellent points.  Keep using your power and influence for the good of the people..
Plez get to work for the American people, aprove cabinet & scotus picks. balance a budget and secure the border law & order
Thank you, senator.
Cannot even leave a VM your box is always full.
Sessions ....God No
Price..No no no no.
DeVos. Oh my Lord No no no 
TY
regarding your statement above re health care do agree/disagree w/the fine imposed under ACA if you have no health care?
@keithboykin we'll hold you to it.
I'm a citizen and I won't support anyone not named Merrick Garland. Period. Repub behavior 10 months ago can't be rewarded.
Yes!! Thank you for taking a hard look and a hard stance. We look forward to supporting you in 2018 #resist
Bravo, completely agree!  Also, here's another reason, summed up in two words: #MerrickGarland
#resist #impeach
This rings hollow considering your fervent support for the most corporate owned democrat ever in the presidential election.
Medina, here.  Constitution does not insist previous unheard nominee is now off the table.  #oldbusiness for committee.
You are an obstructionist and not representing Our counties values.. best to start looking for a new job come 2018
did Betsy DeVos contribute to Rob Portman's campaign also? Looks like she contributed most of the Republican senators
It's not necessary for women's HEALTH to have an abortion; premature delivery of baby to save mother might be.
Double negatives confusing. You oppose Gorsuch because he recognizes that corporations ARE people? What are they..machines?
NO obstructing exceptionally qualified #SCOTUS nominee Judge Gorsuch! #ConfirmGorsuch
If a corporation is not a group of people what is it? What about unions? Political parties?
Many reasons 2 not support Gorsuch. #1 IT'S A STOLEN SEAT #2 he doesnt support women's autonomy. Prioritize. #OHSNASTYWOMEN
#JoshMandel2018 @JoshMandelOhio for US Senator.
.@SenSherrodBrown THANK YOU SENATOR BROWN!!!!
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for recognizing the concerns that many of your constituents have!
VOTE FOR GORSUCH NOW!   You should represent us Ohioans for once Sen. Brown!!!
"defend their rights to make their own healthcare decisions"? ??   I don't get to make my own decisions under ACA.
You are just following the Democratic agenda instead of doing your job supporting the upstanding Neil Gorsuch.
Really? Were you there when democrats voted for 10th circuit court??????
Not good for our country but good for the big monied interests.
