So I'm proud to lead the first-ever Senate Resolution recognizing June as LGBTQ Pride Month.
And today, I'm equally proud that so many of my colleagues heartily agreed to cosponsor. An outpouring of support for the LGBTQ community.
We must always stand with our LGBTQ friends and neighbors – not just during the month of June, but year round. -SB
Thank you, Senator Brown. The other senator could care less and he  has a gay son. He prefers party over democracy.

Don't care color,orientation,born this way or that, just don't get why ppl want one group to be singled out more special than another?
It's not about putting one group above another; it's about equality.
Understood, pride month? Didn't realize a whole month needed
Many groups & causes have a designated month to promote awareness, tolerance, & to raise funds for charities. Much more than a day's work.
The entire country is aware of LBGTQ. You can't go anywhere without it being forced on you. TV, movies, protests, news... it's suffocating.
Replace "LBGTQ" with heterosexual and you'll realize how Idiotic that comment is. 
Even then, why have a "awareness, tolerance, blah blah" for something everybody's already aware of? I know they're there. I just don't care.
I concur, we all have family friends people in our lives who are themselves, but it keeps being made into a THING, it's 2017 so move on
If he acknowledged it, you people would try to get it shut down
8-yr tradition? So, basically, it's Obama's tradition. I'd say it's less tradition, and more pandering. Nobody cares.
And the @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse didn't tweet about this victim because the suspect wasnt illegal and the victim was #BLACKlivesmatter
Not a tradition. It was pandering for 3% of the public. Thats all you dems do is pander
DJT is unnaturally obsessed with undoing anything Obama did. It's petty, infantile, and bizarre.
Yet, it's still smarter than anything Obama did.

Please make that a campaign issues as you run for reelection in the Southern parts of your State, my God please!
Yes, please. Run on this! It will guarantee another Republican wins a Senate seat. PLEASE, run on this issue!
And why should they? You're normal everyday people. Why do you need and demand the acknowledgment?
8 years! Man, storied tradition!
Liberals love pride, unless of course it's white pride. #maga
Senator, if Obama did it, 45 is about erasing it.
You say that as if it's a bad thing. What country wouldn't want their A+ rating and respect from the international community back?
And who was in office for the only eight years of this "tradition"? Speaks volumes.
More like "8 Years ago the white house broke a 223 year tradition. "
Yeah we almost progressed with the rest of the world for a minute there. Thank God Donald's there to regress us back to archaic times. 
Yeah.  We re doomed..no rainbow lights on the White House for a few years..God help us..or am I not allowed to say that
Cool story Taura..that insight is invaluable
Ur welcome!!
It's sad isnt it?  I hear that were going back to the 1870's and there will be lynchings on the south lawn every Tuesday if this keeps up.
That's ok because I have zero pride in being an American for the next 4 years
Good. There's no white month or police awareness month. Or national christians month. So why should gays and lesbians have their own month.
Good.  Thought we wanted the government to stay out of our bedrooms.
I hardly think it can be considered a tradition if it was only considered pride month by one president.
Nothing follows tradition in this Whitehouse
Are you really sure you want to bring up the last 8 years?
Of course you did, and other politicians got onboard. They realize gays vote too.

Why does everyone, including the @potus have to believe your way? Why can't we have the freedom to believe differently? #quitforcing #LGBTQ
8 Years isn't a tradition. Also, don't you have Actual work to do? We're 20 Trillion in debt, and this is what your wasting our time with?
Good. We should stop them all together.
Who gives a flying fuck?
The town clown just a user cud care less except for votes
And 8 year tradition? lol that's one administration not a tradition idiot.
Barf; blatant vote-pandering.  Being confused, perverse, out-&-out mentally-ill & trying to be trendy, as LGBTs r, is nothing to b proud of.
Thanks! @SenSherrodBrown  I am glad you are my Sen from Ohio. I don't claim the other one very often, but I AM proud of you!
1. 8yrs of 1 president not tradition. 2. He also didn't come out to say something negative like many would have. It's not a W but not a L
Maybe because we've had it up to our eyeballs with gay pride in our faces. Save your S&M leather for the bedroom. We don't need to see that
LOL the last 8 years were cancer.
This year, the White House broke another 8 year tradition as it doesn't have a shitty president living within its walls.
One presidency is not tradition. Stop the negative insinuations.
Good.
What do you expect from the lunatic squatting in it?
Is it a tradition tho if one president did it
An "8 year tradition" is 1 president out of 45. This hardly makes a tradition. BHO only came out in support after Biden spilled the beans.

lol an 8 year "tradition" by one single administration?
Did you really think he would?
8 Years of Obama admin? Such a long tradition! Oh the humanity of this LONG tradition not being recognized. Nobody cares.
Eight years doesn't make it a tradition, build a bridge get over it already
So disrespectful 
So, if we have June as LGBTQ pride month, which month should there be fore hetero pride month?
Not keeping his campaign promise to be champion & friend of  LGBTQ
Even if he did issue a statement, you all would nitpick SOMETHING wrong about it. I don't blame him. In fact, he should've condemned them.
I think you should now consider this ancient "8 year tradition" passé. It's over.
This year, the White House broke with an 8 year tradition and did not issue a presidential proclamation acknowledging June as Pride Month.
Waaaaay back in the mists of time....a whole one presidential term!
This year, the White House broke with an 8 year tradition and did not issue a presidential proclamation acknowledging June as Pride Month.
8 years is not a tradition. 80 years is.
Ok
Who cares. Why does that group need to get so much attention. Don't they just want equal treatment? Can't have it both ways. Grow up
Ahem, 8 years is not really a "tradition". If u r proud of something y do u need someone else to proclaim it?
An obama tradition not a White House tradition
I always wished you were Hillarys running mate. Keep going. 
Yeah well, Republican vs Democrat, what'd you expect...
Obama had gay pride. Trump is against anything he was for.
An 8 year tradition by a 2 term democratic president is not tradition. That's only one guy doing it. Now if others did it then its tradition
Eight years is not a tradition. I'd say it was an Obamanation though.
if they wnt 2 b equal why do u need validation.I don't see a white middle class month.it's not about equality it's about shove dwn r throats
Wow. You, sir, are a clown. Helluva priority there.
Well this isnt the past 8 years, i know u libs have trouble remembering that Obama is no longer President, but he is not.
SenShrrodBrown - Don't use your platform to disrespect our President Trump. That is a traitor move. Quit being a liberal crybaby and grow up
Such crybabies the lgbt is. Quit blaming our President for your problems and show some respect. Or just go back to the closet and grow up
Lol..8 years does not make a tradition!
All I see is crybaby comments here. Why do you blame everything on your President and Christians? If you want to live in sin its your choice
Hmmm... 8 years... wonder who was in the White House all that time...
But during the election he pandered to the LGBT community... yet another lie
Every #Trump utterance is a lie.
@cassandra17lina ignorance
Not ignorance. This is capitulation to the shrinking "base".
