Planting fake collusion stories that don't exist undermines our democracy. See you Sherrod at the ballot box, baby! #MAGA
With you 100% Senator.
When do impeachment proceedings start???!!
You want to win? Take back the Senate with the purpose of Impeachment. That's the only thing we need to hear from Dems.
#9thCircut Court Undermines Our democracy! #GreenCard holder From #Jordan Indicted for Supporting #ISIS. #TravelBan
I'm not surprised you are against verifying the integrity of the electorate. That's how Dems win.
One must wonder if there's a method to the madness or if it's just haphazard stupidity. Glad to have you in the senate @SenSherrodBrown!
Thank you Senator Brown! Keep fighting the good fight. Your constituents appreciate it.
So does stoking the fears about a Trump/Russian connection, when it's been proven otherwise, unlike the Obama/Russian connection.
We need a special prosecutor now.
The fraud was adding/changing votes to 45.
Please work w/Portman; convince him we need special prosecutor free of AG's influence.
Great......as you stoke fears of voter suppression.
you will undermine voter fraud, yet push the @realDonaldTrump / Russian collusion that Intel admits don't exist.
#shameful
I love how #Republican concerns don't exist but #democrat concerns need a '#specialprosecutor.' #politicalhack #altleft #fascistleft #2018
should've waited a few days or weeks hmm now truth is out
Agree Senator. Thanks for speaking for the People.
Sherrod I'm not afraid of or if voter fraud has happened, I AM . I'm ready  to be part of solution. Or kick some ass whichever lol
Sherrod, @mikefarb1 may change your mind please read,they have the evidence.certain machine in particular hacked.my mind has changed.
Voter suppression is the real threat to our democracy. Please push for automatic voter registration.
Senator I wouldn't expect anything less that a switch from a voter fraud question you won't answer to a made up Democrat conspiracy theory.
Thank you, Sherrod!
Did you say this when Obama said essentially the same thing previously? You're a joke
Please signal to @OHDems, who are often reactionary as opposed to visionary, to put extensive time/money into Ohio SOS candidate.
"All elections matter" talking point ok- but SOS will have huge responsibility in 2020. Needed to counteract Trump interference at polls.
Should be as important a race as governor.We've struggled down ballot since 06. Answer is not top of ticket it's more $upport at bottom.
What about all wasted dollars spent on Russian Trump collusion investigation?  Keep saying there is none Dems keep demanding more. Hypocrisy
Forming a group to obstruct the current administration does not hurt democracy.  Not accepting election results hurts democracy
The Republican Party supports treason. Forget your policy's. I will not give any contributions unless Dems start repeating this over & over.
Well G, Senator. At least he's CONSISTENT...ly apptg ppl that HATE everything ABT the Dept they now head. U'd think some DUMB RUSSIAN was...
We have to have a photo ID for practically everything else in this country. 
But to have one to vote. That just crazy. SMH
The only reason the Dems want an independent investigation is to keep the narrative about Russians going for the 2018 elections.
You mean when people being convicted for voting more than once or about dead people voting for democrats???
Anything to get our minds off the Russians and that he has something to do with it
Duh.  This is why were in this mess. People don't vote in America, because they think it doesn't matter. "Ds and Rs are the same." Pathetic.
Thank you, Senator!  Our democracy thanks you as well.
Thank you for actively listening to your constituents!! @senrobportman needs a lesson
Thanks for your continued level head in these scary times
You go Senator!!! @senrobportman are you with us????
Whatever you can do to impede this, please do. We don't need more voter suppression
More evidence exists of voter fraud than Russian-Trump collusion.
Trump was so stunned to win he's sure voter fraud out there.

Thank you-so muchnto@follow today
I fully agree. This supposed President is single handily destroying our democracy
Thank you.  He is trying to distract the people from his latest lie and egregious act of treason.
How about the wiki leak video of dem operatives showing how to take people to vote 2 or more times. Which by the way was not denied.
Turning a blind eye to illegals just to get them to vote democrat is worse.
What are you doing about Trump's interference into his own investigation? What recourse do the American ppl have?
He met w Russian Ambassador & Foreign Minister yesterday...came out with this today. Coincidence?
Statements only go so far. We need action from Congress
Thank you. The voter suppression measures the Republicans put in place have corrupted or elections and need to stop.
YES! This abuse of power for his own purposes must stop!
You are positive there is no voter fraud; wasn't a Cleveland woman charged for voting 7 times? But you are sure of Russian interference?
If you support that voters must be legal citizens, registered to vote, alive, & bring a home state ID, then I agree with you
Active measures is another form of "voter fraud."
Thank you Senator Brown.
Thank you Senator Brown, for truly caring for your constituents. @senrobportman needs a tutorial.
But VOTER MACHINE FRAUD is very real and very concerning. Please consider looking into this seriously ...
#unhackthevote
Wisconsin! What happened with your Voting Machines?
You May Have Been Hacked!
The Most Important Thread We Have Done!…
Not voter fraud but LOTS of voter obstruction and tampering and gerrymandering....Where's those commissions? #GOPTERRORISTS
Thank you for honesty and cogency, Senator. I'm glad to see it in at the occasional representative
SCROTUS isn't much into democracy; he wants to run things like a 'business' everyone does exactly what the boss says, or "You're Fired!"
Where's @senrobportman on standing up to this nightmare?!  Has @GOP completely lost ALL duty to country?!
Taking "donations", hiding from #TownHall, and trying "lookoverthere" using human trafficking and addiction victims? #areyouscaredyetrob
Glad you agree that stoking fears of non existent voter fraud in '00 and '04 served only to undermine democracy.
Sen. Brown we all know that trump is a conspiracy theorist.But you are right about this is a ploy to limit voting.Begging you to please stay
I believe you are incorrect. Voter fraud is real. Tying your statement to a Russia probe is just silly.

8. And add those who couldn't give "acceptable" proof of citizenship http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/elections/2017/05/02/maricopa-county-voter-registration-citizenship-adrian-fontes/308435001/ … 
thank you, senator!

1. WaPo says #Trump won because "fewer blacks voted." They left out that Black folk TRIED to vote and were blocked
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2017/05/08/why-did-trump-win-more-whites-and-fewer-blacks-than-normal-actually-voted/ …
Like we are gonna believe you?
Thank you Senator, for being a steady voice of reason in this outrageous time
Sam Bee is funny and informative. Check this guy out if you haven't yet been acquainted:
#Crosscheck's Kris Kobach tried to avoid me when I surprised him with evidence he rigged #Election2016 for Trump http://thebestdemocracymoneycanbuy.com/dvd-streaming/  
no the lies coming from the media is doing that. 1st amendment is great but with 325 mil listening should have highest std.

Florida: the surf, the sun, the sand, the fight for basic voting rights! #SamanthaBee 
Practice your "AYE" response for impeachment vote. Hopefully soon.
Thank you Senator! This is just an attempt to suppress voters & rig the 2018 election.
Voter fraud is real and the democrats count on it
