I will have a junior and an incoming freshman in the fall of 2018. Do I as a parent fill out the FAFSA and then they have to as well?
Parent needs an FSA ID & each student needs an FSA ID. Each student needs to complete a separate FAFSA. Parent can use same FSA ID on both.
One more question please. What information does the student need to complete the FASFA? I realize the parent FASFA is financial information.
There's a lot more than just financial info. If you aren't ready to file a FAFSA, you can use this tool to estimate:
My son is graduating in 2019 what is the best time to file FAFSA
He should complete the 2018-19 FAFSA as soon as he can. Some state and schools have priority deadlines for awarding aid.
Wouldn't he be filing the 2019-20 FAFSA?? Not available yet, correct?
Yes, you're correct - got ahead of ourselves. It would be next year with the 2019-20 FAFSA!
Several tools are available to research schools, future career salaries, grad rates, etc. Always smart to compare:
Can I file for FAFSA if I haven't applied to grad school yet and don't know where I'm going or should I wait?
Can apply now! List all schools you are considering (up to 10) - you don't have to have applied yet. Don't wait some have prioirty deadlines
I started my application today, but was unable to download my parents tax info. Was the IRS having trouble transferring information today?
Sorry for the delay. If you have not submitted your FAFSA yet, log in and use the IRS DRT. Please let us know if you still have issues.
IRS data retrieval tool is not working, when I press transfer now after checking the box, it takes me back to the first page of the website.
Sorry for the delay. If you have not submitted your FAFSA yet, log in and use the IRS DRT. Please let us know if you still have issues.
if our occupation changed from 2016 do we still use the income tax from that year?
Yes, occupation doesn't matter. Report 2016 income as it appears on your income tax return.
I’m planning to transfer to a four year university after spring do I have to apply again?
Yes, if you plan to attend school in fall of 2018 you need to complete the 2018-19 FAFSA using 2016 income tax info & list new school.
How about instead of "as much as possible" go with "as much as needed" or "as much as is financially responsible?" Kids are going into debt
Thanks for that suggestion! All students should borrow ONLY what they need.
What will millions of students be applying for? .001 cents? As bitchy Betsy slashes aid & protections.
Federal financial hasn't been slashed.  You won't know what you qualify for unless you fill out the FAFSA.
Right....just don’t apply for student loans to cover the difference. 
My daughter is a junior this year is it too soon for her to start filling out stuff out?
If she's graduating May 2019 then you need to wait another year to complete the 2019-20 FAFSA.
I thought so.  Thanks.
The IRS data retrieval tool is not working, it just takes me back to the first page and doesn't upload any information?
I'm having the same problem.  It also won't take my parent ID and password.
Assuming you are parent and using your FSA ID to transfer income info from IRS to FAFSA. Make sure info matches exactly as it is on tax form
Is the IRS retrieval tool available this year.?
Yes, the IRS DRT returned with the 2018-19 FAFSA form:
Having issues with IRS DRT. It keeps bringing me back to beginning w/o transferring. Suggestions?
Sorry for the delay. Were you able to resolve your FSA ID issue?
What are YOU doing to help the AMERICAN STUDENTS in Puerto Rico? I'll wait.
Here's information for students impacted by any of the recent hurricanes:
Thank you
Can we just a renewal from this years fafsa for next years or do we have to start a new one
You can renew. Go to http://fafsa.gov , click log in, log in w/student FSA ID and you should see an option to start a FAFSA renewal.
Thank you (:
I need a small loan of 1 million dollars
Can't help you with that but here's some options if you need more aid:
Thanks
@Sheridan_Tech
@michu_montana

The new tax bill would tax tuition waivers for graduate students, many of whom subsist on cat food  http://www.chronicle.com/article/Republican-Tax-Proposal-Gets/241662 …

.@BetsyDeVosED, we're calling on you: Reject the industry’s outrageous demand for immunity from law enforcement. Protect America's students.
STOP pushing giving our tax dollars away!
of course' no tweet from Besty Devos on rescinding guidance for policies that assist disabled students. #ThisIsMyChild
Here's how to reduce student loan defaults, increase graduation rates and jobs: My op ed: http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/education/335452-fix-our-broken-student-loan-system-by-denying-funds-to-troubled ….
And make it quick - the new appropriations bill is cutting BILLIONS from Pell grants, suckas!
So Betsy can make more money honey...
Betsy DeVos states would moron hire me? Who more of moron? Con Man Trump or DeVos? Like asking which deadly cancer worse. No winners.

If you want to help high school students who take honors and AP classes with getting college scholarships then ask colleges to please consider their weighted GPA.  Right now they are being punished.
They don't want to hear about your ideas of privatization of school , just like 99% Americans
@abany_d
Betsy DeVos is not qualified to be a pre School Teacher let Long Education Director she is a Bitch
@Luis__Dominguez
6.5 million dollars in security detail? How in the hell does that help us? Get out of office! You're only making things worse for Americans!

Politico: Betsy DeVos' security detail could cost up to $6.54 million from now through the end of September 2018.
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/02/devos-education-security-243379 …
What if you're not sure exactly what school the student will attend can I still apply?

Politico: Betsy DeVos' security detail could cost up to $6.54 million from now through the end of September 2018.
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/02/devos-education-security-243379 …
@shaygeezz
@LBarker15

Trump's Cabinet Will Make Out Like Bandits Under The Repub's Tax Plan...with Trump pocketing a cool 1.1 billion. 
DRT is not working any reason why?
Can't wait for kids to realize they get no aid b/c their parents make money + FAFSA assumes all of it can go to their tuition costs.
Well, but parents can always take out a delightful #PLUS loan! #ThanksBetsy #AlreadyInHockUpToMyEyeballs
LOL as much aid as possible. Or next to nothing and a mountain of debt. Do something to help relieve the burden on grads, @SenSherrodBrown
Hurry kids, before they figure out a way to take this off of you too!
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/fafsa/status/914369308603666433 … (Ranked 9th for Oct 1.)
At first glance, this looks like a dumb award for simply doing her job and communicating about a topic of wide interest...
How about a Razzies-style award to @POTUS for slashing #ACA communication budget?
We couldn't get the link to IRS to work. We didn't file our taxes electronically (mailed in)- could that be the issue? It did find our tax return but could go no farther
@TrevonWofford @crod7299
Why is the IRS transfer not transferring information into FASFA? Did not work last night nor this morning.
your banner doesn't mention that you've removed all the protections from predatory 'for profit' schools...oh, Trump wouldn't want that.
@Bartontaylorr
Already did it
FAFSA IS B.S !
@ainsleyberr  @brennnzz
You will be a historical plague on the American educational system.  Shame on You.
No, Bets, educating our nation's children and food trucks don't actually have anything in common. #GOPpondscum
@SFussnecker2016  @CatyFussnecker @KidwellKa_ey4
@nbanks79
@Loveen_Patience
Our Jump$tart™ Families Have Also Rcvd Addtl #Email & #Audio Advising From Jill In Your Inboxes!
#OneCategoryOfFunding #UtilizeAllFourTypes
Get that $, Cadets! @TheMightyCadets @5StarIKE
BREAKING NEWS The 2018–19 FAFSA is now available! Fill it out ASAP to get as much financial aid as possible:
@alexxxdraaa @CotaJulie
Done! Super easy!
I am still repaying college loan from 2000 graduation! Worked 2 jobs to get BSN. Will still b paying when dtr goes 2 college.
Because at the time, minority friends worse grades w wealthier parents got financial aid. I had to take out loans n work 2 jobs
Your race has nothing to do with what you qualify for. Why you added minority to your comment is beyond me.
@BetsyDeVos retweeted this. Does she even know what #FAFSA is?
Done! I had been dreading it but it was very easy!
Oh good, Betsy DeVos hasn’t taken that away yet!
With grants reduced & protections for borrowers reduced of course you want kids to take out loans Betsy. Your Wall Street buddies love you!
Grants went up... learn the facts
Resign @BetsyDeVosED
BREAKING NEWS The 2018–19 FAFSA is now available! Fill it out ASAP to get as much financial aid as possible:
@ASBPilots Seniors start working on your FAFSA application.
Hello. What if your first name has 13 characters (including a space) and similar to your SSN but FAFSA only allows you to input 12?
