.@SenSherrodBrown
Put your ego aside, save your constituents some taxpayer dollars, and call @NBC. They've already got it covered. Thumbs Up
What are you & your chums going to do when it turns out to be true?
I'm truly interested
Not trying to troll
Just confused
.@Warhammerlass 
A fair process with indisputable evidence.  Question for you - when are you going to stop this rhetoric?  Not a trolling ?
Not sure what you are asking
I'm honestly worried about Civil war or something when this stuff is proven & trump is removed
.@Warhammerlass 
When will you accept you lost the election.  I'm leaning towards never, but feel free to answer in your own words.
Oh!
Likely never, like you said
The outrage is real
His campaign was hateful & divisive & it frightened many of us
.@Warhammerlass 
That's the difference between us.  While many on your side riot in the streets and wore vaginas on your heads, 

We voted.
We were illegally prevented from voting
& they wore the hats bcz of what trump said about grabbing women
Did u approve that?
. Thank you. http://ln.is/gopwillnotgovern.com/xGlY9 …
why don't U & cohorts worry abt US citizens as much as U do illegals and foreign countries.
@dave98498 please see that this is done!
We the people  stand with  Pres Trum and  anarchist  dem senators like  you  will fail  as  usual.
Thank you Senator Brown. @senrobportman are you on board?
.@SenSherrodBrown Bravo! We are relying on you all to make this happen. Our Republic is at stake. We deserve representation for ALL.
good luck cause the Russian Party, I mean Republican Party are gonna fight you tooth and nail.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
What can we do Sherrod?  Call, write, protest.. what can we do to help you?
you are a disappointment. Ohio voted Trump. You need to start backing your voters
@DanceMyVoice Thank you for standing up for democracy and the People.
@SenToddYoung @SenDonnelly  What about you ,Indiana?
@CindyDPishere Collusion. Thank you for calling it what it is.
imagine if you and 10 of your colleagues tried to solve some problems instead of looking for new ones.
those are the tweets that will get you re-elected...
#Russia hacked both the RNC & DNC. Never released RNC emails. Now Putin is leveraging that agnst the @GOP.thus no invstgn.
. Meh. They're just good Republicans. Party loyalty is their only strength.
that and wanting jobs, security, live babies, and a better moral compass
That's a good start but where are the rest of them?
.@SenSherrodBrown As House Speaker #Pelosi violated the #LoganAct   when she took a trip to Syria. Why was that OK with you?
thank you! We can't lose you in 2018!
Thank you!
no one believes your shadow government slander tactics anymore.
THANK YOU! DT slendered Hillary for nothing, he cannot avoid serious investigation! #ImpeachTrump #OH12 #standindivisible
@suem624  Thank you so much Sherrod Brown.
Thank you Americans deserve to know.
You know.  The way he's acting, I really think he wants to be impeached.  I might be wrong.
Suspect he's just so out of touch he really believe everyone loves him. Would never impeach!
I know.  He thinks he's above the law. What a nightmare.
thank you Senator Brown!!
Thank you and your colleagues.
@randyprine Thank you @SenJeffMerkley
yes, but will Congress turn a deaf ear?!?!
keep pushing and digging... THANK YOU!!!
I absolutely agree   There are so many important things that need addressed.  Pharmacy prices are awful.
Thank You.
we the majority of Americans will not settle for anything less.
keep up the good work Senator
.@SenSherrodBrown Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar Assad last month before President Trump took office.
@CTRNewsFeed I am sick of these investigations that do nothing.  Trump and his sickos need to leave now!
I guess you missed when they found NOTHING
.@SenSherrodBrown How about the Clinton's pay to play scheme? Kazistan: Bill Clinton and Frank Giustra fly to Kazistan. 1
Bravo!!!
Keep up the good fight Senator
Thank You
Thank you. Don't stop fighting. You are our voice!
Why are Rep doing everything in their power to stop this? Complicit,Compromised or blackmailed? Some went 360 on Russia
keep pushing.
thank you for working hard to get the truth.  #appreciation
thanku and great leading  questions. We have to remember this is to save our democracy regardless of party.
your constituents want a cabinet for the president and will remember your witch hunt in 2018 zip 44132
Glad to see my senator @ChrisVanHollen on this
when are you going to realize you don't have the seats to do such a thing? You lost get over it and do your job.
please also investigate tax code and job losses!  Time to work for Ohioans Mr Brown
please make it air tight - you know it will all be called lies
Yes, we do.
love Sherrod. You are MY representative and I am proud of you.
IS MITCH MCCONNELL LISTENING?.
Count in the 66 million people who voted against him!
For the love of America, let's find the truth before we perish.
I sympathize with those who will be called to sift through the TRUTHS and UNTRUTHS. How will this end?
I am so happy to vote for you in 2018!
Thank you!  America is watching.
pls look into his mental health too. He is clinically ADHD, bipolar, w/narcissistic and sociopathic personality disorders.
.@SenSherrodBrown @msunielsen 10 of you. That's all you can get?? SAD!!
Thank you for doing what's right for our country! Unlike @robportman who only cares about the $ you make OH proud!
thank you!!
stop calling for it and insist your republican can colleagues take immediate action.
why didn't you push for an investigation when 4 Americans were killed in Benghazi?
Thank you, Sen. Brown! Proud to have you represent me.
proud to have you represent me & Ohio. You may count on my support in upcoming election
@IndivisibleTol1 the iran deal makes you a enemy of the state
Thank you for putting our democracy first!
Thank you, Senator Brown!
thank you Country over Party!
Thank you! As always, you are a voice of reason and very brave for us.
@hannahrmoore Do this Before he tries to fabricate a crisis with Russia. His end game is complete power.
- Many thanks! This is the right thing to do.
Thank you Senator Brown 
Thank you for your continued patriotism and leadership, Senator Brown!
Kentuckians cannot count on @MitchMcConell to do anything right, let alone do anything at all! He prefers NON-action!
Thanky you! I am moving to OH from KY & will be proud to support you if you continue to show yourself doing the right thing
thank you for your great service
@senrobportman Thank you, Senator Brown! We need to find out what really happened. Please join in Senator Portman.
How about Ohioian - at least 100 - investigate where Brownie's income comes from?
How many Ohioians interested in investigating Brownie? Reply to this tweet
Thank you!!
How about focusing on Criminal activity such as leaking top secret info to the media by intelligence agencies?
Governments change, leaders change, but the hypocrisy from progressive liberals remain the same. So mean spirited.
Thank you
Americans are sick of your propaganda and want you to DO YOUR JOB! Do you need a "to do" list? I'll be happy to provide one
thank you for doing your job. I wish others would. Can you tell Portman his constituents would like to talk to him????
@mswhatsit why only 10?
.@SenSherrodBrown The fact that it's only 11 of you is horrifying. Guess a lot of ppl in Congress don't want reelection in 2018. #impeach
@h2oicemarj  any republican or democrat not insisting on a trump Russia collusion is involved
Thanks you, Senator!
why did you not do this with Obama and Hillary when it was brought out. You are wrong with your assumptions.
must happen.  45 et al are our employees.  We have right to know these details.  Sell out America and they pay.
Thank you Senator
This Ohioan & American commends your effort. We must demand transparency and accountability regardless of party.
great! Thanks
Thank you for your patriotism, Senator Brown!
thanks for your diligence, we love you in the 13th District!
helping Obama form his "Organizing for Action " group into a shadow government?
Thank You!
impeach
We also deserve a real senator that actually cares about getting work done in Washington. Obviously you're not one.
thank you Senator Brown! This needs to happen!
thank you for standing up for the American people!
what's the truth about fair trade? What the truth about 40 yrs of decline in standard of living Mr Brown?
Only 10 others? Are the other 37 asleep?
Intel distrust of Trump, leaking WH, of intel to Putin and fail to protect US, distrust valid. No Q’s of WH.
thank you keep pushing, at least we know there are senators out there with common sense #impeachtrump
Keep up the good work @SenBobCasey
. Thank you for requesting a independent investigation. You are my senator in Ohio. I am watching you.
thank you
@RJ_TMC get em
thank you
thank you
Thank you!
thank you. Now please help expose the ALEC members of congress and state Legis..
someone must also make a formal request for Mike Pence emails he went to court to have Sealed in Indiana!! Treasure trove ?
How can we help make this a reality?
Stand tall. Great decision.
Yes, you absolutely need to do this. Do not let the Republicans derail it either by pushing their own agenda.
Thank U!  U r my hero, your cape is in the mail.
THANK YOU! We need you and others to fight for us! We need the truth to come out! Please! #russiagate #investigatetrump
thank you! #followthemoney
and the GOP refusing to do their jobs as usual, WTF is going on?
Attention @robportman and @PatTiberi please join @SenSherrodBrown in doing the right thing for our country. You must investigate!
Who authorized the surveillance, who else was watched, why did the surveillance start (reason for).  Go get'em!
only 10??!!
where was all this with the Hillary emails? You can't tell me this isn't a party thing.
independent means without Jeff Sessions!
#OriginalOutlaw
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown from CBus!
great. The intel leakers should be brought to justice!!!
Thank you! Let us know what we can do (beyond calling other senators' offices)...
thank you!  The American people deserve to know the full story.
.@SenSherrodBrown   I am so thankful and proud to have @senrobportman as my Senator and @JoshMandelOhio as my future Senator.
thank you for doing you job to protect America!  We need and deserve more senators like you.
SJWs can't handle the truth. They lost the election. Get over it and give #POTUS a chance to govern.
Thank you senator.
Thank you Senator!!!
Thank you Sen. Brown!  So glad to see that some of you still care about America!  @GOP @robportman
Thank you, Sen Brown. Glad someone is willing to investigate this hot mess
thank you!
why would any candidate for president need to be in regular contact with high level Russian government spies
@OHbooknerd43 thank you for doing the right thing.
I Agree
NIGERIA/BRITISH GOVERNMENT PLAN TO ELIMINATE BIAFRAN LEADER NNAMDI LEAKED
THANK YOU!!
Keep applying pressure they will crack. Keep applying documented pressure.
thank you!
Thank you from Akron, Senator Brown.
Thank you. Please hurry!
thank you!  Hang in there.  if he knowingly allowed collusion with Russia is it possible to impeach .
Thank You!
TY! It's about time; enough chaos & cover ups. So unfit to govern & now treason in the horizon. We need peace.
Thank you for this. Good luck with Sessions though. So glad you are my Senator! @barbaraJean1980 letter
Thank you a million times over for all that you do for Ohio and our country.
I support you and want to thank you for trying to protect us from a person who has no clue how to lead us
@flaxponder Democrats have lied &cheated so much it's hard to believe they are innocent. No matter, it will come to light.
@flaxponder doubt can be detrimental toadministration that gets attacked before it can do anything. Democrats are involved!
@flaxponder Flynn worked for Obama twice in past. Maybe he tried to undermine Trump without actually breaking law. Casting
@flaxponder Flynn didn't reveal any secrets. Because he kept content to himself, trust was broken. That's why he is gone.
Wait! Flynn had "those conversations" before Trump took office! &Before Flynn was sworn in. Flynn worked for Obama twice!
just 10 of you??
Keep it up! We mustn't give up
Thank you for your dedication. Please keep the pressure on @GOP.  This Russia situation is so disturbing. We deserve truth.
has our back. @maddow @JoyAnnReid @WillMcAvoyACN @DavidCornDC
And get his tax returns!
yay you found 9 other morons that ignored the last admins. underhanded schems but pursue these. Good boy.
Thank you for standing strong for Ohio.
#heros  thank you!
@nidula_b Plz incl Trump's connections 2 Russians who propped up his real estate biz in your investigation. Thread...
this is critical, Senator. If impeachable acts uncovered, need supporting evid from indep investig untainted by "leaks".
Thank you Senator Brown. This needs to be done. You're on America's side!
You have now expressed DNC version of Birtherism.
Thank you!! Please get more on board.
Thank you!
So you are calling for an investigation of Trump's collusion w/Russia; but seems you have already decided he colluded. AH!
