It will undoubtedly cause premiums to spike.
This bill slashes the No. 1 tool we have in the opioid fight — Medicaid treatment.
It allows insurers to slap an age tax on Ohioans 50 + and raises their premiums.
It enables states to redefine what qualifies as an "essential health benefit" – taking 10 benefits away from Ohio families.
It freezes @PPFA funding, It weakens protections for coverage w/ pre-existing conditions.
 
It's bad for Ohio and it's bad for our country.
Have you had a serious talk with @senrobportman about this bill? Rob needs a friend. Friends don't let other Ohioans vote Graham-Cassidy
#TrumpSicknessAndDeathBill - Why can't we say life and liberty are threatened by a crook?
Thanks for opposing this. Will you in turn support #MedicareForAll
Hi John! If you haven't yet, please leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353. Thanks for your help!
51% of children in Ohio are covered by Medicaid #medicaidexpansion
Then talk to rob portman because he has been voting party lines.
You need to tell Portman to answer his phone. I vote in Ohio and can't reach one of my Senators.
Hi Bella! I was able to leave a voicemail at 202-224-3353 about an hour ago. Best of luck, and thanks for fighting!
Thanks Kaeleigh!!  I've left about four messages. So have many friends. This is a personal fight for my family!  Thank you for calling!!
Awesome, me too! Just left my job, can't afford my COBRA, super nervous to get an ACA marketplace plan right now. Thank you for your fight!!
Glad to see we can count on your vote against it (no surprise of course), but still. Could you talk to your GOP counterpart about this?
Hi Chris! If you haven't yet, please leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353 & spread the word. Thanks!
Oh believe me I've already called lol will definitely call again tho!
I figure the folks in Brown's mentions are active but I always like to share the numbers just in case. :) Thanks Chris!!
Thank You for standing against this repeal, now we need to convince Mr. Portman to do the same.
Hi Mary! If you haven't yet, please leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353 & spread the word. Thanks!
Called and sent an email but won't hold my breath he will put Country over Party.
Tell that to Rob Portman then. Because he doesn't give a damn if we tell him that.
Hi Elizabeth! If you haven't yet, please leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353 & spread the word. Thx!
Get @senrobportman to take a stand. When this is all done, Senator, we want you on board for #Medicare4All #noGrahamCassidy
This bill is especially dangerous because #GOP is under great pressure to pass something -anything- & damn the cost.
20% of state governors, including ours, think it's lousy too. This has got to be a no. @robportman
Glad you see that. Keep up the good work!
Why can't you join 16 Senators for #HealthcareForAll S1804
Thank you. Please convince enough of your GOP colleagues to vote no on this. Enough is enough. We're tired of this threat.
Hi Andi! If you haven't yet, please leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353 & spread the word. Thanks!
I've done that. I'm not convinced his staff listens to voicemail. I can never reach a live person at his DC office.
What can we do? No one is listening
Leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353. Remind him this bill would be terrible for the opioid crisis.
Left message and sent email
please continue to be our voice since we don't have the opportunity to weigh in.
@senrobportman needs you to whisper in his ear
Glad to know you will vote against this
As opioid crisis ravages OH, glad you're against #GrahamCassidy, which would raise premiums for preexisting conditions like drug dependence.
Thank you for everything you do for us
Hi Debbie! If you haven't yet, please leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353. Thanks for your help!
I use ResistBot (text "Resist" to 50409) Daily & sent him this today
Medicaid, which covers 2.6 million in Ohio—mostly children, seniors, & the disabled, will be at risk @robportman 
Vote No #GrahamCassidy 
Awesome Debbie thank you so much!!
At least we have one Senator in Ohio who listens to his constituents! THANK YOU
Thank you for opposing #GrahamCassidy #VoteNo
Correct!  We need #MedicareForAll  Co-sponsor #S1804
The GOP, Executing Americans Again
Indeed! We are watching #GOP.
Thank you for being the only true Representative for Ohio!! If S Brown supports this horrible plan-he needs to be replaced
@SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins please work together to stand for proper order & bipartisan approach.
With exec pay up 1596% since 1978, sickness has become a way for corporations to make money, exec make healthcare decisions #MedicareForAll
2018 Premium from OPERS $1,159.61 p/p for a silver plan in Columbus is not affordable! #ACA
Fight it! And please convince @senrobportman to do the same.
Talk to your boy @robportman and have him vote NO please. He doesn't listen to his constituents
so that's a NO! Can you call @senrobportman & @RepMikeTurner and light a fire  under their asses to vote NO!
Rise up! Demonstrate in the streets! Call your Senators and Congressmen!

Has to pay for that big tax cut for the rich. If some of us die?  Collateral damage.
Actually..MORE dangerous! No CBO score! Would the @GOPSenMajority Senators buy a house sight unseen w/out a price or bldg inspection
Maybe, maybe not. Either way it is better than the garbage you voted for!
Thank you Senator! 
More dangerous.
You're my Senator & it's so surprising that all the tweeter bots are kissing your ass! Mr. Shredded Brown, U don't speak for most Buckeyes!
I'm your constituent from Geauga Cty. Pls don't give up trying to get @senrobportman to do what's right. I'll b calling his office all week.
Fed contract employees have been trying to tell ya'll this! corruption will roll forward in new program! Stop it!
https://www.amazon.com/Hatched-Secret-Inside-Look-Affordable-ebook/dp/B0757CCJZR …
Thank you for opposing this
Actually, it seems the worst of all of them. I'm a cancer survivor and will likely be uninsurable. Called my SenTodd Young, has no position
It is more dangerous bc it is desperate evil lunacy.
Will you take steps to gum up the Senate works until after Sept. 30? PLEASE???
thank you for continuing to fit for Ohioans and Americans. You're a great man.
Hi Melanie! If you haven't yet, please leave Portman a vm telling him to vote no on #GrahamCassidy at 202-224-3353 & spread the word. Thx!
spoke to someone at his office yesterday. 
Awesome! You're a step ahead of me, I can only ever get the voicemail. :) Did you have better luck at a different number?
I have all of his office numbers in my contacts. The one I got through on was (216) 522-7095, the Cleveland office
Don't worry... You won't be a Senator much longer. #YouareFired
Yes, this bill is an absolute abomination. Now PLEASE convince @senrobportman not to vote for it! He wouldn't listen to us last time.
He doesn't care about people, only his donors.
Why can't let that stop us, let our voices be loud and if he's cruel, let it be remembered for the next election

Sherrod Brown opposes free trade.
He & fellow democrats freely traded away Ohio jobs . Millions have left Ohio because of their incompetence.
Perhaps you should convince manufacturers to forgo the use of robots. Perhaps workers need to up their job skills.
We shouldn't allow China,Japan to subsidise their Corporations or put tariffs on American products. Democrat open borders globalist shill.
Why dangerous-- sending it back to states and letting ppl choose only dangerous for Dems states who want single payer but can't pay 4 it
That's right it absolutely is and we also heard trump is coming after you well don't worry we've got your back
Just don't use Medicare or SS money to pay for any health care bill.
huh?
Sherry,
Like a typical Lib senator u want to Keep the money for Fed gov over the states who r more capable of managing the money.
Thank you. What does it take to convince my other senator to vote against it?
$$, unfortunately
Shouldn’t concern for the people and state that @senrobportman represents be enough?
Should it? Absolutely. I am not convinced Portman would be on office of it did, though
*in office if
Why aren't you in support of Medicare for all???
Don't the forget children, sherrod.  R don't care if the die from lack of access.  That's a big one
Tell it like it is. It obviously is all about   a campaign promise,not giving Americans a better plan. That's how you sell it.
Please help us!!!
Thank you, Senator Brown, for speaking out against this.
Can you talk to @SenRobPortman and let him know that it'll hurt Ohioans. Like, hurt us a lot.
Rob knows. Rob doesn't care.
It is not enough that we resist going backwards. We must fight forwards, no matter the odds. Please add your support to #MedicareForAll
