Have you cut spending anywhere in Gov't? Have you balanced a budget? Have you passed a budget? Have you ever had a job OUT of Gov't?
32,000,000 americans and 809,000 Ohioans will lose health coverage under Graham-Cassidy's TRUMPcare bill per AMPROG estimates.
Thank you.
Good thing this bill is sending the issue back to the states then, huh? The only change is taking the federal government out of the process
You will never get my vote again
Hello Senator! You call yourself a progressive yet you haven't sponsored Sanders' Medicare For All bill? Even Booker signed it! What's up?
Keep up the fight! Get Sen Portman to revive bipartsan work on healthcare with you!
I have felt for a long time that senators should not be able to exempt themselves from bills that affect us. Not fair!
Why don't you quit your Congressional healthcare plan and join the masses with ObamaCare?
Because the rest of the country doesn't have healthcare I think politician need their healthcare taken away so they can feel the pain of ACA
I agree
Brown you screwed 89% of Americans when you voted for O Care, now do the right thing and change it. Also call it Insurance plan not health
Politicians should receive the same exact Insurance they deem wonderful for us voters. We need to pass a law implementing this policy!
I say they include themselves and carry the burden as we do.
https://t.co/ayAEaM5251?amp=1
It's the "Let them eat cake" syndrome;  peculiar to those that have and don't care about those who don't.
Who pays for your healthcare?
Sometimes I feel like I should just call Sherrod's office to say Thank You for having our backs .Nice to have a senator who listens! 
If the healthcare is so good, then why did you exempt yourself and your buddies from it???????????????????
You politicians take the same health care as you do for us health care would be easy for are gov"t to fix your cares way to good
Please get rid of IRMAA. Fully retired Seniors should not have to subsidize the ACA, Medicare & Medicaid out of their retirement income.
You mean the hundreds of thousands Ohioans you FORCED into having Obamacare in the first place.
CO-SPONSOR THE MEDICARE-FOR-ALL BILL SHERROD
Hey Sherrod you ever talk to our fellow Buckeye  Rob Portman?  I hope you can get him to come to his senses on this 1
If you had the exact same healthcare provided by Obamacare & your staff having to pay full freight for it, your view would be different.
Thank you for fighting for Ohio. I wish I could say the same about Senator Portman.
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator.
EXACTLY! It's common sense!!
Thank you, Senator- Ohioans are fortunate that we have you on our side.  Your state counterpart @senrobportman has abandoned Ohioans.
These politicians have let us all down it cost me $800 a month for 80/20 and they get the best for free. Plus $150,000 a year from voters
Where is your support for Medicare for all? "less progessive" dems then you have signed on, where are you at?
They're turning Healthcare over to the hands of the state government you planning on throwing us under the bus when they do that
THANKS FOR FIGHTING THE FIGHT!
Wow u dont have Obana care u liar..... ill take your insurance too.....but u didnt give us that did u
I have faxed Portman and faxed him ... When he runs again I will work against him..
@senrobportman are you listening? Sen.Brown has is right on #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
What about us?  208% increase, list dr. & plan for less cvg.  IF YOU ASK THE WORKING POOR ---gvt should get out of healthcare. Example: VA.
Thank you, Senator, for stating it so clearly. @senrobportman , I hope you concur.
@senrobportman this is what standing up for Ohioans looks like. Take notes.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown
That is the truth.  People need healthcare and currently almost all Ohioans have it.  We need everyone to be covered not millions fewer.
How about you going on the Affordable Care Act. Obamacare is a farce to destroy America.
Why are you not endorsing Sen Sanders' Medicare for all?
Trumpcare has a 12% approval rating. Medicare approval is in the 70% range. Why won’t you co-sponsor Medicare for All? Politically popular.
Vote NO on this travesty of a health care bill!This bill delivers "a political deal at any cost"-yet many of us will pay with our lives!
Thank you for fighting for us!!! We support you in Delaware, Ohio 
I love you. Thank you, Sherrod.
Why aren't you supporting @SenSanders bill then sir? I voted for you based on your strong stance on healthcare. #supportS1804
Sadly a lot of politicians in both the US & UK are only really interested in their & their friends wellbeing, finance & other interests. 
So says the guy living in the tax abated home.
You got that right. No one in Congress should have more than what ordinary Americans get. I've been saying this for years.
FEDERAL GOVT CHOOSES INSURANCE COMPANIES OVER THE CITIZENS THAT PAY TAXES!
Hey @SenSherrodBrown, couls you please tell pay-to-play portman that there's more issues than sex trafficking,  thatd be great
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown!!! 

Look at this @senrobportman, if you get good affordable tax payor funded healthcare,  we should too
REPEAL OBAMACARE! 30 MILLION TAX PAYERS CANT AFFORD IT!
Thank you! Keep fighting for people not companies!
I agree so you should stand with your colleague @SenSanders and support #MedicareForAll
@SenToomey @SenBobCasey Same for residents of PA
As a nurse who is concerned  for what is happening  to Healthcare. for Most cities healthcare  is largest employer
Sen. Brown, we need you to run for President in 2020! You are what progressives need right now to bring humanity back to our government.
What insurance?  At $17K for annual premiums + deductible, who can afford insurance for a healthy individual w/NO pre-existing conditions?

Bravo spoken like a president
And Millions of Americans.
Been calling @senrobportman all day , what else can we do ?
Thank you Senator for speaking the truth
Hope you're talking to your Republican counterpart from Ohio on this.
That's exactly what you did with #Obamacare 
no kidding - but the public is becoming numb to the audacity happening daily in our nation's capital - thx for decency here
@Coach_RGamble they woke him from couch to spew his nonsense. This guy is a leach on our system. He has 1 goal $$ in his pocket.
Find @robportman You both work in the same space. Corner him, figure out what good he apparently sees in this thing. Seriously! #Ohio
I have great faith in you Senator Brown you have always been such a compassionate defender of constituents
When @SenJohnMcCain voted no I cried finally adults are taking back the government. This must stop and be solved w/ bipartisan agreement
B4 ocare my employ's that made $8 and hour could afford good health ins. Now none of my employees can afford Including me Admit it. Remorse
This a thousand times.
Thank you for your words Senator. I hope, for the sake of tens of millions of Americans, this bill doesn't ever get a vote.
Keep fighting!  We need health care.
What he said @senrobportman  @PatTiberi
You're exempt idiot! You voted for it! #Article28 #TermLimits #WeThePeople #hypocrisy @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @FoxNews
We cannot let people call themselves progressives and not back #singlepayer.
Please support single payer. Anything involving insurance companies whose allegiances are to stockholders is counter productive.
Single payer. No more profiting from health care.
They are the deplorable ones. Greedy, cowardly evil liars and we will vote them out!
The peoples' senator @SenSherrodBrown .
Thank you Senator Brown!
Thank you for. All u do to do what's rt for all of us!
Stay strong. Healthcare does need fixed for price gouging. Thanks!
Nor should they stand in the way of truly affordable care for everyone.  Co-sponsor #S1804  #MedicareForAll
If you have any elderly relative in a nursing home or who may need nursing care and need Medicaid in the future good luck or pre exist cond
Don't back down. Don't let republicans change your mind.
Exactly!! Ohioans wake up and vote out Portman. The Republicans are interested in getting tax cuts for the wealthy and need to cut medicaid.
Please keep fighting!!
CNN is reporting that 32 million people will lose coverage.
You must do everything in your power to convince others that throwing people off of affordable healthcare is"just plain wrong!"
As a vote from OH, I want AHC like you and all politicians have.
Give it a rest. You just gave the military $80b more. We see where your priorities are.
So then, WHY DON'T YOU make it so congress has to enroll in O'care!!!!!!!
My sentiments exactly! Thank you, Sen. Brown, for always voting no on these horrible GOP "no health care" bills!
Run on repealing congress healthcare if this passes. Will you and other dems pledge to do This?
@senrobportman won't even empty his always-full voice-mailboxes to hear us. And he is apparently using a bot to post on twitter these days.
It's sickening, disappointing, insulting, and beneath what we deserve.
That's not going to happen and you know it they're putting in your hands you're the one that's going to kick them off
Thanks
You are the best Senator we could ever hope to have! We are so lucky and grateful for you.
Hoping you and @JohnKasich  give @robportman  a good talking to, about voting FOR Ohioians, and not against us.
Because they're evil awful people
H Y P O C R I T E  in the strongest way! He is on taxpayer healthcare but supported his Delphi constituents healthcare theft by his team
Thank you for fighting against it. I've used all my phone ability calling Portman, but know I appreciate what you're doing.
Thankyou. Again .
@senrobportman at least one of our Senators give a damn about Ohioans. Vote no.
Ok, so  how much must they pay  for such includedness?
Do you stand with Bernie on single Payer?
All this so Republicans in Congress can say they kept a campaign promise, despite the fact that Most Americans don't want it. Despicable!
Thank you Senator Brown we know your fighting for our healthcare u always do thank you for everything you do for us Ohioans
@senrobportman maybe you should listen to him!?
HC can't be fixed by the fed.govt. Obama made prices sky rocket. The entire model has to change. People still go to ER with an ear ache.
Where's your support for Medicare for All?
Exactly! Support #MedicareForAll
#TRUTH We cannot allow politicians with #healthcare paid for by #taxpayers to throw #Americans off #HealthInsurance #ACA
Sen Brown pls inform @senrobportman
.@senrobportman Go talk with your fellow Ohioan colleague. You have more in common that you do different. You both like... Buckeyes.
Thank you for protecting Ohioans by doing the right thing & voting NO on G-C.
When the states have control you can create whatever you want and pay for it.
You mean like you @SenSherrodBrown ? Democrat Obamacare threw thousands into unaffordable healthcare.
But that was already done when Obamacare was implemented. 
And your understanding of that is why you will forever have the Lobert family votes!
You are right brown. Let's start with politicians paying for their own health insurance
if you're truly for quality healthcare, then why haven't you supported Sen. Sanders' Medicare For All bill yet?
his wife is a hillbot.
Thank you Senator Brown for standing up for the people! #SaveACA   #VoteTheGOPOut
You look like Trapper John McIntyre, MD.
Thank you Sen. Brown.  Any chance Sen. Portman could be swayed to put the well being of Americans first over the dark policies of the GOP?
Sure we can.
Thought obama & the DNC already did that
No, that was the insurance companies who didn't like being required to actually help Ohioans. You know, the ones who want Graham-Cassidy.
Because the bill will remove those restrictions, and let them tack $17k onto your already 20% higher premium if you get pregnant.
Metastatic cancer? Hope you can afford $140k more a year. Oh, you can't? Guess it's just death, then.
Please call @senrobportman. He's ok with this horrendous bill.
Absolutely!
That's the best you got?  Sad!
Thank you for your constant support of the middle class!  You rock!
Amen!!!
Thank you Senator Brown!
I agree. Too bad Portman would rather see Americans die than to provide insurance.
What about the middle class that pays for it...they pay high premiums for insurance they can’t afford to use...does that concern you?
@senrobportman @WarrenDavidson
 Question: Will everyone in Congress agree to get Healthcare through their State just like the rest of us?
