true but abortion is not really a healthcare issue
yes, it is. it has to do with your health, because it's impacted when you get pregnant.
I thought healthcare was really about healing and providing well being? Don't see where abortion fits.
you do know that women get abortions for a bunch of reasons, right?
I do undestand that, but let's just be honest and not pretend it's a women's healthcare issue
so then what is abortion considered?
I think you would be more intellectually honest sticking with women's reproductive rights
you still go to a doctor for it and get a medical procedure. rep. rights means the ABILITY to have one.
Women have the right 2 choose contraception, not MURDER

Forget religion or choice; murder is the prob

Brainwashed. THINK
so if I had to drop a born baby or an embryo on the floor, which would you choose to save?
Stupid question from a confused brainwashed low info drone

MSM like electric shock therapy for those consumers
you didn't answer my question. you insulted me instead. answer it or don't reply.
Pointless diversion. Conflating the issue
answer the question. which would you have me drop?
Look up the word conflation..

Bye...
I mean, okay, but you still didn't answer my question.
They should chose before they spread their legs.
you should have been proud to say you won't let a crazy man run HUD. Instead you caved. Thanks for fucking nothing.
nor should they get in the way of the law What ties do you have to short sellers of $fnma Why is nobody talking about docs?
RESIST
No but they should get in the way of killing babies. #moronicelitist
Thank you
What are you going to DO? Voting for Carson not acceptable!!! #OhioisWatching
In China they used to kill babies if a girl was born first. A fetus is a child despite S. Court ruling. Take a stand.
Thank you for supporting a woman's right to choose! #Mybodymychoice
@reenie527 in the US women r not forced to have an abortion and we should force them to give birth
How can you vote for that moron Ben Carson? Unbelievable, completely unqualified, not to be trusted. Shame on you!
thank-you Sen. Brown for supporting a woman's right to choose. So tired of hearing men telling us what to do.
And who defends the babies of these mothers?
Always the same mantra for you libs.  Abortion is murder.  It is NOT constitutional either.
I'm proud to call you my Senator #heforshe
Babies aren't part of a woman's health. They are separate individuals.
Thank you!
Thank you for your support of women's rights in Ohio and everywhere!
Thank you for expressing this so succinctly and publicly. I'm one of the #7in10forRoe
@caliactivist Nor impeded an unborn baby's right to have a life. Including female unborn babies. Duh.
thx Senator Brown.  This is not a political issue.
Family planning, not government planning for families. Availability contraception to women & condoms for "safe sex". LGBT??
I cannot believe how nuts the republican are..specealy price
Thank you, Senator!
there was not one woman in that photo.  This is wrong Dems need to fight this president every chance we can
With gratitude! Constitutional separation of church/state must be upheld.
My body, my choice!
now actually advocate for that! But no, today u decided to support Trump and his fascist party. U r part of the problem.
keep fighting the good fight Sherrod
thank you for being a voice of reason re women's rights!
Thanks for standing up for our right to control our bodies. #Roe44 #StandWithPP
Why can't you say the word ABORTION? And hide the practice under the "women's health" umbrella? Murder is murder.
I wish you were in Illinois.
who and how has a politician got in the way?
Why not? They get in the way of everything else.
Please make @realDonaldTrump release his tax returns. The American people have a right to know his business dealings.
Thank you Sen. Brown
Unless it kills a baby. Then we should all get in the way
could you emphasis this to @JohnKasich who limited our access to this choice
unless the politician is a woman. In which case, she does get to make decisions about her body.
way to go Sir
Thank you, Sir!
That was the most vulgar, heinous display yesterday Ive ever seen.  You oughta .be proud.  Dems in full array.
politicians shouldn't get in the way of a murderers choice to murder.
thank you..can you talk to @senrobportman  please?
has a woman ever killed your unborn? Without your consent?
@thehonorablecsc And the matter should be left to the states. Roe was an abuse. There is no 'penumbra of rights'.
Having sex or not having sex is a right. Killing your child to avoid consequences and responsibility is not. Its murder.
How can I help make sure you're re-elected, Senator? This Buckeye is proud to have you rep me!
thank you Sen Brown, you're MY senator.  Now what can you do about tillerson?
drop the feminist identity politics, they are a loser. Show your populist cred, look here for ideas: twsp.us
Don't like abortion, don't have one? Don't like slavery, don't own one? Abortion stops a beating heart #hypocrite
.@SenSherrodBrown neither should they get in right of a baby to be born.
thank you, united as progressives, obstruction of GOP and Trump.
@KeithOlbermann @davidaxelrod ... if you run for Potus in 2020 u have my vote ..., and I'm Canadian !!! #EmolumentsClause
thank you senator Brown
The baby in the womb has a different DNA. Who fights for his/her health?
killing your child via dismemberment is not a "health" issue
Yes. I believe Dems said something similar about slave owners rights. It's murder. #maga #deplorables @realdonaldtrump

Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!  #Roe44 #7in10forroe #roevwade
Radical right agenda can clearly be seen in these cabinet picks, thank you for fighting for us!
Please run for president in four years!  We need you!!!
No Senator Brown they should not. It is our decision what we do with our bodies, stand up for us.
Abortion is not healthcare it's murder.
Can you please explain this to @senrobportman
just like they shouldn't get in the way of our 2nd Amendment rights? Right? #2018 election #WeAreWatching #HPA
and you should be our next president!!!
I find it ironic that you are pro choice on life and death but not on school choice.  Thank you for your service.
Who's preventing women from exercising rights @SenSherrodBrown, and what would those specific rights be?
thank you for your support!
And politicians should stop writing "scripts" that docs are forced by law to read to female patients.
keep up the fight for all people to have control/choice over their lives.
you'd better get on the *right side of your party
(with Manchin)
or start looking for a new job

450,000 Ohio voters agree
Thank you and please keep doing what you're doing.
Politicians shouldn't get in the way of a lot of things. Glad to see you support less government now, Senator.
Please run for president in 4 yrs Senator!
You have my vote!
what about this Senator? How are we going to save our healthcare?
Reporters, this is so crucial. They are about to yank one leg of the ACA "stool," and then blame it on the Dems when it collapses. https://twitter.com/charles_gaba/status/823252753254334464 …
