well u will be out of a job soon enough . Good luck to u
He's got my vote
well since Donald won the state. Bye Ten points it won't be enough
well see how popular Trump is there in two years. Many people are regretting their votes already. Sad!
the uneducated love him! It's a disaster!
over 8 year run they mandated the poor to pay for insurance to private company's
they did not
thank you for upholding our country's founding principles.
Take care of our Vets
U turned yr backs on Homeless Americans in 2013 on a single night 620,042 ppl were homeless
@SenSherrodBrown
 Our Vets, children& ppl first!  @SenSherrodBrown 57,849 Veterans & 138,149 Children were homeless on single night 2013 #Disgraceful
will do my best to vote you out of office. Support your President and safety of our country.
@gullsimpression @ChrisCuomo About  time! Get other Senators, on both sides, to oppose Trump. Come on, man!!!
Clueless
where did you stand when Obama put a freeze on Iranians for 6 months?
You need to worry about us instead or you are gonna be on the unemployment line! We spoke, its your job to listen
#resist #youngstown
Thank you for speaking out against this order!  Please continue!
@nanwhaley ~Then do something to improve vetting from countries with poor records of documentation. Why gamble w our lives?
Thank you.
How many refugees can you put up in your home and finacially support - we can send them right to your house
@OHDems  Jeff Sessions collaborated with Bannon on Trump's EO #MuslimBan. No Senatorial courtesy on AG vote! #NoSessions
has already said he will vote no on Sessions
Pathetic obstruction!
Checks & balances are the foundation of our constitutional democracy! Stay strong Senator!
Agreed, but obstruction is not!  Many of us will make a concerted effort to make sure he never gets elected again!
you got it!I've never been politically active but they've awoken the sleeping giant
Both sides are acting ridiculous.  They all need to cut the crap and get to work!  Please get active, it's the only way things change.
EXACTLY!Meanwhile citizens are the ones who suffer while they play partisan games
thank you
If the man and woman in this picture were prevented from using VISAs to get back in the U.S. 14 ppl would still be alive.
Pass Trump's nominees. Ohio voted Trump, shame on u u partisan hack!
perfect example of DC not working today.  Hope you took a sick day from your service to your constituents.  Thanks!
Go to work and confirm!
Please withold consent on all nominees and use the fillibuster on any bill UNLESS it’s a bill dedicated to ending this ban.
Your mailbox was full but our family opposes this as well and signed your letter.
I will oppose you if you continue to block  President Trump.
I love it! Throw in a pallot of adult diapers for the Democrats Senators! Hahaha!
Stupid, incoherent, and bias.  I think maye YOU should have taken that Valium pill a week or so back - you're clueless.
Thank you! Please keep it up! Please withhold consent on future nominations until the ban is revoked!
we are watching you. Remember Ohio voted for President Trump. Respect our President.
YES!!! Thank you for representing me!
Do your damn JOB! Grow up. Btw their Sharia families are NOT like ours!! Goes totally against our constitution!
Thank you for speaking up for American Values. Please continue to stand up the Drumpf and GOP
Get to work and do your job!!! People might not agree with issues at their own workplace, but they still work!!! #disgrace
I support you and your colleagues to stop Trump at every turn! Do not give in! Please keep Americans safe! It is critical!
this disgusts me!We both know there is precedent &your playing politics!We will be holding you accountable! #MAGA
How about putting pressure on the middle east countries?
TY for fighting and standing up for us ! You have shown yourself to be on the right side of history on these dark times.
How about getting to work and stop obstructing nominees



Thank you for continuing to fight the good fight.  We are watching and will not shut up and listen to a crazy man.  Block Bannon!!!!!
Thank you Senator Brown for standing up to evil! Hopefully all Dems will follow suit. Thank you!!!
President Trump did the exact same thing as Obama.  Think for yourself for a change.
I stand with you.
Your voice mailbox is full. It's impossible to leave a comment.
thank you Sherrod.
thanks for organizing the boycott on cab mem. Dem must vote against all
Senator, @wikileaks exposed the Washington D.C. pedophile ring, and Trump is well aware of it. You should not oppose him.
what are you afraid of?  Crook!
I see you ran unopposed last election. Time for some real choices in 2018 You are everything I hate about govt.
Nah it's because you're a pu$$y.
Stop your political games. Vote in our cabinet and stop playing your circus stunts. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED
The swamp we need to drain-->@SenSherrodBrown
thank you senator #boycottswampnominees is exactly right; Garland for #SCOTUS or no vote
Sherrod THERE IS NO RIGHT TO BE IN AMERICA!!!! Stop the drama!
Thank you from millions of Americans and me
Where were you in 2011?
Worth noting that Obama Admin stopped processing Iraq refugees for six months in 2011 due to terrorism concerns http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/al-qaeda-kentucky-us-dozens-terrorists-country-refugees/story?id=20931131 …
the constitution tells us our president takes a vow to protect our borders.(note the period)
Dumb move! Look no further then Sweden,rape Capital of the World!
Bravo! And thank you for upholding the values of Ohio.
#StopPresidentBannon
Thank you Sherrod!!!!!!  <#
@924hawkeye why don't you pay for their living expenses in the mid east, it would be cheaper
I'm an Ohio senior, an Ohio resident for over sixty years If you are to represent me you will confirm all of the nominees
Thank you for standing against the #MuslimBan #Resist #NoBanNoWall Way to represent Ohio.
but not to Pompeno and Devos?
Thank for your courage and decency.
he needs to be stop
Trump is a bad leader
Please don't support anything he does
approve you vote against Senator Sessions.
as an Ohio resident I fully support that my government put its CITIZENS safety first!first
Please support @SallyQYates
thank you for standing up
You are a drama queen. As your constituent and a registered voter, I support the EO.
thank you Sen Brown, you have your work cut out for you.  Please, no more appointment approvals!
so u support torture? Abortion bans? Mass surveillance? Blaming Muslims 4terrorism? #pompeo #torture #notmyvalues #shameonu
thank you for your stand on this horrid ban!!
We are all descendants of immigrants.  This policy was made without any forethought or planning.
I fully support President Trumps Immigration ban!  This temporary ban is needed to protect our country!  America First!!!!!
@danagould bravo! You are doing the right thing for ALL Americans and the bedrock of our constitution--Muslims are loved
no to Jeff Sessions and no to Betsy DeVos!
support who voted for you! Think common man and common sense. SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!!!!
support our president for American families and veterans don't stab us in the back. We may not re-elect you the next time
Thank you for your stance.  I fear the future and am inspired to FIGHT BACK! # PROUD CITIZEN & PROUD DEM
thanks for standing for American values! joan
tell us how we can fight back
how can we protest to get Trump to step down or impeached and what about his charitable Foundation what happened?
Sherrod. You had better back President and confirm cabinent picks. You had 8 years. You lost. 81/87counties
#GetOutOfWay
Thank you!
please help us remove this man from office. Please help us remove Steve Bannon as acting President.  Thank you.

Thank you so much for opposing this un-American, ineffective, and cruel executive order!
Your candidate lost. Follow the wise actions of our President.
This is great, but please do more! Filibuster until a bill is brought against the exec order.
Thank you!
Thank you for standing with intelligent counterterrorism efforts and speaking out against...less intelligent efforts.
thank you for speaking out against the immigration EO.
Unable to reach you by phone today.  Thank you for your opposition to executive order.  You are a good man!
How many children & families are you taking into your house? You have many who agree with you, are they taking in anyone?
Thank you for supporting refugees, legal residents and our international reputation by opposing President Trumps ban.
Thank you.
, you make Pike County proud!
Thanks you, Senator, for your words and actions. #ResistTrump
Thank you for standing up and speaking out!!!
THANK YOU
that's great, now work to rescind it!  #NoBanNoWall
Thank you for opposing the Exec Order banning Muslims. Trump's actions are making the entire world a more dangerous place.
Thank you for standing up to the worst and most hated President in history!! We need you to stop him!! You'll have my vote!
They are not BLOCKED!!!!! They are SLOWED down!!!!!
I care about the Christians who are being slaughtered by the thousands-where's the concern from you Libs for them?Your hypocrisy disgusting
Thank you for standing up for what is right!
show your mettle Brown!! Ohios watching! No to all nominees!!! This is war!! It's not normal!!

that is the absolute word of their God. You can't be a true Muslim and not believe the word of Allah. #History
Thank you for speaking out. We're all ready to see the actions you & other Dems will take against this madman.
you renew my faith in America. Thank you for defending our freedoms
its your job to protect the American people why arent you? Why are you protecting illegals safety over the people you serve?
Good. Stop him here, stop him in congress, stop him everywhere you can. Reject all nominees. No inches, we've given miles.
Thank you for standing firm. I agree with your stance and am proud to have you as my senator.
Thank you, Senator
Hey Senate Democrats, get it now? VOTE NO ON EVERYTHING. Do NOT enable this monster! #WeWillVoteYouOut
Thank you for representing me! #muslimbanprotest
thank you!
No one has the right to enter this country for any reason unless we permit it. Rights are only given 2 citizens of our ctry
Right on. :)
please stay aware of what Giuliano's said about this beginning about Muslims
I continue to support you. You're showing  what a true senator really is
@lordxmen2k Thank you now where are the rest of the @Democrats?
Thank you, sir.
thank you.
thx 4 ur work on making sure #Ohio is welcoming to all immigrants and refugees. Diversity is what makes this state great!
Time to block back Senator. Everything and everything he sends to Congress.
Go for it Senator we are behind you across the Country! 
SIR you are one of the leaders we desperately need.Sanders,Warren,Booker,Cuomo nice men but not as solid as you
thank you!
Thank you.
pls vote NO on Betsy DeVos's cabinet nom for Sec. of Ed. She's not qualified to be the guardian of our children's future.
My #RustBeltWarrior rocks! #Ohio
