D’OH! Tweet sent by Susan Collins about Obamacare in 2013 comes back to HAUNT her, badly http://twitchy.com/samj-3930/2017/07/30/doh-tweet-sent-by-susan-collins-about-obamacare-in-2013-comes-back-to-haunt-her-badly/ … @twitchyteam #mepolitics
She's a liar!
My (#ChristianConservative) aim & goal is to vote #Republicans, who vote w/ #Democrats, out of office. #Midterm2018 #PJNET #1A #mepolitics
.@rkecseg84 So if traditional bathroom policies...https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10159184828390192&set=a.10151964621125192.896870.573145191&type=3 …
"discriminate" against transgender kids, right @JasonVillalba? #1A
Asking government to assign bathrooms for people we've is going to far. Transgender aren't refused access to bathrooms, so why impose law?
W/ sympathy to those w/ gender dysphoria, ignoring gender differences in the bathroom isn't the answer. - http://ctt.ec/cQ82r+  #PJNET #1A
Claiming desire to be treated like everyone else & requiring restrooms  to bring attention to fact your not is self defeating.
My concern is for the innocent lives that would be left vulnerable to the #perverted among us. #pedophiles #rapists #bathroombill #PJNET #1A
So, it was bad it 2013 but it's ok today? Liar.
Senator, your tweet did not age well
@SenatorCollins voted AGAINST Obamacare, married a lobbyist, voted AGAINST Repeal, and broke her 2-term pledge. Not sure who she's serving.
Hypocrite?
Are people in Main crazy enough to vote for you  again? We shall see how many survive the continuation of Obamacare...
& now you ignore them? Repeal with end-by date to allow people time to prepare and give congress a deadline on compromise?
The ONLY solution to this MESS is term limits.  Two faced politicians will always choose power over people.  #DrainTheSwamp #RINO
How about ACTUALLY getting rid ot the problem?  And youj wonder why we hate lying politicians
Sick of you politicians playing games with our lives and incomes. When will you EVER do what's right for the American people?
... And you voted NO to repeal
Are you receiving campaign donations from insurance carriers in your state?  Or pharmaceutical companies?
You should share stories of people who lost their doctors, their insurance or people who can't afford insurance premiums.
Hope you've enjoyed your ride, sweetheart; this will be your last term!
Blah blah blah Senate hearings(won't happen). Blah blah Blah save planned Parenthood blah blah Blah, won't give up other pls Money(Medicaid)
Then WHY?
If you can't see or understand what is happening to Obamacare. I really don't think you should have been elected as a Repub in first place!!
And where was your vote when we had a chance to repeal it - and then start working on something better?  Hypocrit.
Must have gotten a whole lot better since 2013.
@realDonaldTrump  @YouTube SUSAN U VOTED AGAINST THE AMERICAN CHILDREN'S HEALTH CARE WHILE U ENJOY YOUR KING CARE! SHAMEFUL!
@realDonaldTrump  SUSAN I LOST ALL MY DOCTORS ALREADY THEY WILL BE  LIKE THE REST OF  US! CAN'T WAIT 2 SEE U LOSE UR DOCTOR!
Another Lying Senator #draintheswamp
#RINO #LIAR #SHOWVOTEPONY
What changed?   Why did you abandon your constituents?
What about the 28.2 uninsured or the insured unable to pay premiums or meet their deductibles? What you've done/participate in is criminal!
Let Maine do its own thing on health.  Cutoff all fed finds (my money) to Maine.
Why we need term limits. Follow her. Money 
Coward
Sen. Collins shares stories from Mainers who will keep losing their doctors and will see costs soar due to Collins vote to keep #ObamaCare 
This is a head-scratcher now isn't it? @SenatorCollins #FullRepeal Keep Your Promise to REPEAL OBAMACARE!
She is a FRAUD and a LIAR Time to find primary challenger
Primary Challenger, try @MarthaStewart ?
were you lying than or are you lying now
23m people lost their insurance already.  But, as long as Maine is good, well there you have it.  Only 10m covered now.  But good for Maine
Maybe SenCollins can see the stories of the letters that went out in Oct. raising monthly ins. Premium from 535. To 1654.00 per mo.
Give her SOME credit.
At least she was honest once in her life, even though it was 4 years ago.
This tweet didn't age well. Surely Maine Repubs can find a suitable candidate to run in your primary....someone who keeps their promises.
@realDonaldTrump
Wow. Will the real @SenatorCollns please step forward.
I lost my doctor, lost my plan pay more for less and have huge uncertainty due to Obamacare. Most others in the same boat.
Yet you voted to keep Ocare. HOW do you sleep at night? You are USELESS.
Collins must be on the Soros payroll.
You're a liar who campaigned on a lie and accepted fraudulent donations
Well, this didn't age well.
Classic Democrat rhetoric. Decry the impact of some mess made by the Govt. Then, ensure more Govt. to "fix" Govt's mess. Pork is yummy.
We want free markets and LESS GOVERNMENT.  Congress is one big bad joke
@SenatorCollins were you lying then or are you lying now?
'member when?? give us house we'll repeal it.done.give us senate we'll repeal it.done.give us all 3 branches we'll repeal it. done. LIAR!!
I'll bet those people are just pleased as punch to have you represent them. 
"Don't like Obamacare?"
"Tough! I stuck you with it!"
Nicework
Get out of the Senate.
your a bad http://republican.You  voted against the people's http://will.You  lied to the people.No one believes you any more
you don't care the people effected by obamacare.The millions who couldn't afford the premiums.Only good for refugees and low income
Hows it feel to be one of the 6 most hated people in Congress and have u found a new job yet? Tick,Toc replacement is coming
I agree.
Problem is her and Murkowski aren't up for re-election in 18.   2020 and 2022
Your stint as a career politician will surely come to an end for your betrayal. Non politicians who do as they say will b elected instead.
Liar.
What about the 28.2 uninsured or the insured unable to pay premiums or meet their deductibles?! What you've done/participate in is criminal!
They only care about the 10m that have insurance with subsidies paid for by the rest of us.  Screw the other 28m
Absolutely!!
What happened Senator since you made this very convincing case against Obama Care in 2013? Brain transplant? Just asking
Then why did you vote against Obamacare repeal? Hack
Then why did you not vote down the current flawed system and come up with a better system ??? 
.@SenatorCollins  Then why wouldn’t you vote to repeal a law that was so badly harming people in your state?
What are you telling your constituents now that you've sold them down the river? Just curious is all...
2 bad u forgot about this you #Hypocrite. #RINO. You betrayed the voters of your state by supporting #ObamaCare
And now she ignores those stories because she's about as Republican as Dick Durbin.
Yet you REFUSE to repeal... Egads, woman!
Senator Collins hated OCare when she ran but now when it matters she turns her back on her constituents! We need to get rid of her asap!
Agreed. I'm not sure what her "strategy" is, but don't feel she has voters in mind.
Why did you screw your own constituents to hurt the Trump administration? I hope every Maine voter sees your hypocrisy and sends you packing
#TermLimits
so Collins what changed, George soros pay u off as well
That and the fact that Trump would have _signed_ the bill into law instead of _vetoing_ it like Obama!
Your a great example of why I will NEVER give any female my vote for any office ever.
way to be a RINO...cant wait to see you voted out.  Proof you should be baking pies and cookies and not making decisions.
You called it obamacare when you campaigned to repeal it. Today its the affordable care act. people of Maine find it affordable now do they?
shame on you !
you have a very short memory, hopefully your career will be just as short.
^5!  She's done.  Who would keep her in office now? No Conservative I know.
Problem is her next election is far off and she believes Americans will forget
Alternative:drive her out now
I'm game whose starting the impeachment?
So why didn't @SenatorCollins vote to repeal this law that she knows is hurting her constituents?
Sen. Collins shares stories from Mainers who fear losing their doctors and are seeing costs soar due to #ObamaCare http://youtu.be/IAR1b8QkY2s 
And you voted FOR ObamaCare continuation! I'm sure those people thank you.
yet @SenatorCollins u voted no 4 a clean repeal or a skinny repeal but you voted yes 4 repeal when it was Obama in office So why vote no now
Simple ... Trump would have _sifned_ it!  She's a RINO and part  of The Establishment.  Time to replace her!
but the concerns of the USMC pale in comparison to planned parenthood
just retire, you only care about yourself.
I guess @SenatorCollins our votes doesn´t count to much for you, I think you shld not run for another term. Very disappointing. #TermLimits
Thank you for your vote this week and your commitment to stabilising and fixing ACA with bipartisan effort
No Republicans are going to join in an effort to fix Obama care, it's going to crash into Dems lap. They tried to fix it now you own it.
You just screwed those folks, didn't you.  How much $$ did you get for that vote?
Not sure how you can defend your "no" vote this week Senator
And thanks to you, the shit show continues. Enjoy the unemployment line, coward.

That's what happening right now and will get worse! She is a lier-traitor! She not on Trump train just like coward McCain! They far left!
Senator Collins, why were against Obamacare when Obama was President but now that Trump is in office you are for it?
Reminds me of the old joke. 
"How can you tell Sen Collins is lying?"

Worst yet, most likely doesnt care...
AND NOW SHE DOESNT GIVE A SHIT
And you just told them to go to hell, right?
Hypocrite
more beholden to special interests ( @ppact ) than to her own constituents AND THE REST OF THE UNITED STATES #OutOfTouch Lib
Thanks for doing your part to end this horrible law .@senatorcollins

#Sarcasm #SenatorialShillFromMaine
I guess screw those Mariners, huh.
, Despicable Liar!!!
Sorry, folks, I'm a big fat LIAR! Susan Collins
Only claims to care about constituents.   Only voted to repeal when knew Obama wouldn't sign.  Votes NO now when matters
Senator Collins....no better than the dems who are out to destroy the country and the President AMERICA voted for.  This is who she chose
Schumer and the RINOs!
Sad that you forget your own words. Hard working Americans paying their own insurance are suffering more now than ever. REPEAL O'care.
Poster child for lying politician....
So what happened to these people?
So you voted to keep it ?
if only their senator could only vote to repeal it instead of lying and saying she would do that #termlimits
TRAITOR!
in a nation w God-given rights, no citizen should be forced to purchase health insurance they do not need. your vote bankrupts good people.
@tomborelli @YouTube so why did you vote the way you did? The people of Maine are now stuck thanks to you
As she has a Taxpayer Cadillac Plan
Fond memories? Did Obamacare miraculously reverse course? Is up now down?
LIAR
So you voted to keep something you even admit harms Mainers?
Senator, you voted to force Americans to keep this mess. You have become the poster child for why we need term limits.
Why would a marine lose doctors? They have insurance through VA? @realDonaldTrump done better by the military? Truth please, not spin.
Mainers, not marines.
Oops guess I never heard anyone use the word Mainers.  Thank you all for the correction.
You should have to subsidize my Obamacare premiums. Thanks for nothing.
Not you, @GarrettVentry! Collins should subsidize me since she supports Obamacare.
And now she wants to be Governor.
@SenatorCollins You voted for cloture.
@SenatorCollins My story: Move to ME & lost coverage. No coverage in ME from my employers plan. Not enough insurance offered to ME residence
@SenatorCollins 2/2 increasing enrollment through national healthcare helps ME. duh.
