shameful
respect? Why? He's a brain surgeon rain man ...hes incompetent in other arenas
WHY???
Too bad. I actually had respect for you for a minute.
@jbarro Didn't Trump call Carson a child-molester? Do you take Trump seriously enough to ask Carson about that?
he never lived in section 8 and he never tried to stab his best friend...the only truth is him saying he not qualified
Be sure to speak loudly when you talk w/ him as he is liable to fall asleep otherwise.
The country needs you to be a voice of reason. Do not normalize Trump administration or validate unqualified cabinet picks.
@aterkel You have great respect for Ben Carson? I lost some respect for you
Well it should be true! He knows nothing about the issues or theagency he is supposed to run. Reject this unqualified hack.
We the people...love and respect Dr. Carson.
One thing Dr Carson brings is a fresh approach to inner city issues, not same ol' Dem-enabling issues that keep folks down
you have great respect for a person who thinks Joseph built the pyramids to store food?  How can you look at yourself daily?
What, you like his pyramid-grain silo theory? Or that he bragged of being a violent thug in his youth?
@jbarro  
Didn't Dr Carson admit to trying to stab someone in the gut?
What about PEOTUS rumor that he molests children?
Here's a question you could ask him.  What possible qualifications does he have to be the HUD secretary?
Do you think he's a qualified candidate for HUD Secretary, though? What are his specific qualifications?
Yes but is he qualified to be HUD secretary?
We keep trying to give you the benefit of the doubt. Thank you for the reminder that we shouldn't bother.
@jbarro Hope @SenatorCollins got a decent price for her soul.
you are not very well informed..  It's true!
Welp. We're boned.
So you're willing to confirm any Trump nominee no matter how unqualified for the job??  @jbarro
Dr. Carson is an American trailblazer & success story- He will be the best HUD sec. the nation has had-
@ForecasterEnten “great respect”??!! Based on what exactly?
You may respect Mr. Carson, but he is still likely to lobotomize HUD. 'Growing up in Detroit' does not qualify him. #weak
I used to respect you as a rational Republican.  Not any more.
And here I was, thinking you'd done something to make Mainers proud Majorly disappointed in your spinelessness (again).
So Sneator Collins like the nominee for HUD as much or less than the Pres Elect?
Or you could have some spine & demand someone qualified for the job, but you're only a powerless senator
What was internet rumor? Please describe
@jbarro so the truth is that you approve of someone who has no qualifications for this Role? Which makes you part of problem
Conservatives might respect you if you didn't vote with liberals 90% of the time.  https://www.conservativereview.com/members/susan-collins/liberty-card/ …
Wow, you *do* realize you're up for re-election in 2020, right? This will totally come back to haunt you, I promise you that
@jbarro
No one really expects you to do the right thing, so it's all good.
You are #deplorable
I ADMIRE this optimism...but I don't share it.
about how he has no experience and should stick behind his own assessment of being unqualified? Yes, please speak @ that
Yeah, I knew it couldn't be true that you nutted up. Roll over like the rest of the @GOP
@JamesPindell Ask him why he is particularly suited to run this agency. What are his qualifications? #doyourjob
I'm sure he's a lovely person, but does he have ANY qualification for the post at all?
please remind him that ACA is NOT worse than slavery
@SethAMandel She said, banking half a percent of crossover votes for 2018.
The judgment of history will not be kind to you.
hopefully you can clarify the dinosaurs and pyramids things
you mean the guy who has a portrait of himself with Jesus in his house?
Susan Collins is a Progressive Democrat mole.
@Evan_McMullin has the courage to speak out against this fascist threat, why don't you??!!
maybe you ought not to have respect for him. It isn't personal, its a question of salvaging our democracy. #Resist
so he freely admits he's not qualified for a cabinet position, but you're A-ok with that? How do you sleep at night?
enjoy your last run Senator Collins. So disappointed in your lack of outrage at this incoming administration.
3 words: Grain silo pyramids.
@JoanneKenen Perfect that a  #republican is internet #trolled. #justdesserts
@OKnox remarkable. I'm sorry but how do you misquote that! Just remarkable.
Grain stored in pyramids,men going into prison straight coming out gay,comparing ACA to slavery, more guns= no holocaust
Please consider voting against Dr. Carson. He seemingly does not have skills or knowledge of housing policy to run HUD.
it's not a rumor that he himself said he is unqualified. are you just going to ignore that fact?
Please remind him, he is a neurosurgeon w/ no govt experience! Trump? Now Carson? Housing? So they're No Qualified Blacks?
Just like we did not have Qualified candidates, so 'we' got Trump: an unqualified, inexperienced, unfit, racist, bigot, liar
I see they got to you too.
why did you say he smells?
Respect him for his pediatric neurosurgery skills, but not for a job he said himself he's not qualified to do. #CommonSense
C'mon homegirl, you can do this.  Join Angus as an independent, but caucus with the repubs.  Maine, Dirigo.
Great. Next thing on Caligula's list is to name a horse as a Senator.
too bad. For a split second I respected you
@ForecasterEnten wow. Really bummed to hear that, Senator. HUD deserves to be treated like important agency.
Damn we thought you were smart for a second.
.@SenatorCollins Does that mean you also favor destroying Medicaid/care and repealing ACA with no replacement?
So close to be reasonable and putting country before party! Maybe next time :/
Or use this as an opportunity to correct your opinion. Sad that there's no leadership among GOP. Only cowering.
which Dr. Carson are you talking about... Probably not the Presidential hopeful, that guy is weird
So you're okay with his homophobia and wanting to allow discrimination in housing again? You're as bad as LePage.
wrong answer.

Any thoughts on Bannon?

Um, there is just no qualification to run HUD.
Yes, please insist on not checking and no balance, as your party requires.
And do u agree with Mr. Carson that the US is just like Nazi Germany?
you would say that about the Three Stooges if they had a GOP pin on their lapel...
thank God I love Ben
please tell us all how he is qualified for this job
then you will be just as responsible for the destruction of America.  The majority disagrees with you. #NotNormal #RESIST
Just picture the Loony Tunes theme playing behind him and you'll do fine. That's all, folks!
thank you for your confirmation that you lack a spine
@aterkel Will u explain what HUD does and how it works?? Probably want to buy some crayons so you can dumb it down for him.
You have no backbone,...you like walking in lockstep.
You shouldn't.
Ick.
sad
hahahahahahahhahah...cuck
what do you think of trump's assessment of him having a "pathological temper" akin to that of a child molester
so when will you remind him he isn't qualified to run HUD? The people are waiting for you for you to stand up for them.
Ah yes, I'm sure you'll enjoy his theory on grain & Great Pyramids

As well as public & private housing for LGBT individuals
Ask him why he admits he's unqualified to run a fed agency but will take the job at HUD.
you disappoint yet again. Why embrace mediocrity? Even @realbenCarson admits he lacks the qualifications for position.
We are making inroads with blacks.  WHY are you pissing in the punch? Good grief senator!
He's a freaking nutcase.
He himself said he wasn't qualified to run an agency. Please remember that.
too bad...I had some respect for you for a few minutes...
I did as well. That went away very quickly.
- I take back my thank you.
Wow. I was almost going to vote for you again. Shame on you.
I was just telling my son the other day that there were a couple of female GOP who may have some sense. WRONG!
....And, just like that, you came home.
She already came home, @samsteinhp.
will you remind him that he is, by his own words, unqualified to head a government agency?
