is he no longer a racist? He couldn't get confirmed as a judge; has he changed since then??
You are still listening to their bullshit?
So you're down with him being a virulent racist who tries to stop citizens from voting?  What an embarrassment you are.
Everything good that you've stood for will be erased by your support of racist Sessions for AG. He has a disgraceful record.
Source?
Sen. Collins, Sessions is my Senator. He is a racist. An old school Alabama racist. Please do no believe otherwise.
Source?
Source?
Sessions even voted AGAINST yours & Lieberman's repeal of DADT! Has he changed since??
Sen. Jeff Sessions has a history of anti-Black, anti-woman and anti-immigrant extremism. Please do not confirm.
Afraid the alternative was Lucius Malfoy, or perhaps under the Imperius curse, @SenatorCollins backs Jeff Sessions. Truly disappointing.
@fanofthetrump bOYCOTT nORDSTROM FORREMOVING IVANKAS CLOTHING LINE DUE TO PRESSUREFROMLUCIFER Liberals
#jeffsessions too racist to be a judge, but good enough for @SenatorCollins? Remember your trump denouncement. Don't betray that&your people
@transition2017 senator we thank you for your support of sessions. We must return to the rule of law.
no on sessions. Seriously! I will withdrawal my dem. Support for you. Did you march with us? Disappointed you didn't
NO REASONS GIVENthose aren't "thought " those are "feelings", and when presented as thoughts, they reveal you are an "idiot"
Ridiculous. Approving Sessions ends justice in America to be a pal. Think of investigation agenda, of voter rights in South

we rely on you for level-headed pragmatism. Supporting Sessions  is awful. Please reconsider what is @ stake. This in not ok
You can not support Jeff Sessions for AG! He does not respect the 1st Amendment.
you haven't been the most reliable GOP Senator but I appreciate what you have said about Sen. Sessions
No. No @SenatorCollins he is not. You should be ashamed of yourself for even thinking so.
Jeff Sessions has fought civil rights lgbt rights voting rights woman's rights. I live in NYC now very disappointed in you.
What about his appreciation for the KKK and long history of racism? I'm a native Southerner. Say No.
Your endorsement of Sessions—an open racist—is an affront to everything we hold dear in Maine. You've lost my family's vote.
Sen. Sessions has demonstrated the worst of bigotry and discrimination. Please put the people of this state ahead of party.
Integrity? Please define. No integrity there.
I'm disappointed by your endorsement of Mr. Sessions, given his anti-Muslim, anti-immigration and anti-LGBT positions.
clearly we're  going to have to talk to the people of Maine home of Margaret Chase Smith
is a joke. She always says one thing against the party line and votes with the party line and is shocked when the party line is against her constituents needs. She gotta go.
you are falling on the wrong side of history by supporting http://Sessions.You  are no "moderate" and will regret this in 2018.
I am so disappointed you would tarnish your reputation by supporting someone with Sessions reputation. I'll remember this.
really????  You know him better than I but integrity to flawed thinking isn't a plus
he was denied a judgeship for being too racist...in 1986. Do you have he has evolved the past 30 years? No? Me neither.
@mVespa1 He desegregated schools & got death penalty for head of KKK.
.@SenatorCollins how could you possibly vote to confirm someone who discriminates against literally every minority?
make no mistake Trump knows how to chose them!!
So far all great choices -
I am DEEPLY disappointed in you. I called Friday, just hours before this, to argue against Sessions. You lost my vote.
still support him after saying that if Trump did grab a females genitals it wouldn't be sexual assault?
Even @SenatorCollins's weak endorsement of @jeffsessions is utterly unacceptable. A beacon for hope in this dark time has dimmed. #shame
This disappoints me.  When you said that you were not supporting Donald Trump for president, I expected more.
please reconsider.
When he's manufacturing a voter fraud case from whole cloth, I'll remember this Senator.
What the hell is wrong with you...supporting an open racist?  You are not representing your constituents.
@JohnCornyn: BOLTON & @SenatorCollins = RINO LOSERS @SenatorSessions 4 AG = BEST CHOICE @realDonaldTrump's ever made & @stevenkBANNON 4 SOS
So disappointed in your support of intolerant, racist, and bigoted candidates. This is your last stint in the senate.
@transition2017 and he is a racist.  Wasn't confirmed for fed judge b/c of racist comments
Thank you Senator!!!
You drank the Kool-aid! He was too racist in the 1980's and he's no less racist today. STOP HIS APPOINTMENT!
have fun losing your seat next election! Maine will not stand for this!! Shame last moderate GOPer had to go to dark side!
This America exists in Republicans' minds only  ... it isn't reality
My America looks more like this ...
So you approve of Sessions agreeing that a white civil rights Attorney was a "disgrace to his race"?
@JohnCornyn if he doesn't try to put another 2 million in prison for non violent drug crimes.
So Sessions would force cities to do this & that's against constitution, so please vote for hate
.@MichelleBernard describes the dangerous challenges that could arise if police are used as ICE agents #AMJoy 
Stop acting like Republicans have a mandate .. you don't http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/hillary-clintons-popular-vote-lead-donald-trump-now/story?id=43667918&cid=abcn_tco …
@JohnCornyn Sessions is so qualified for that he got rejected by Reagan/HWBush. 
Is Collins a Republican or Democrat? Who does she caucus with in the Senate? How can you tell? Not very reliable
Take a minute to read .. Bannon admires Lenin & wants to "destroy the state"  ..
Green lighting everything Trump wants will cause you to be on the wrong side of history Ms. Collins .. think about that.
Voting for Sessions is normalizing hate .. shame on you .. ..http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-pol-white-nationalists-thinktank-20161119-story.html …
@MichaelRWarren we will remember
yeah, it's been 20 years. There's no way he's still an unhinged racist. So sad to see this. Any and all respect for you gone
Sessions got the head of the KKK executed, and Rosa Parks a medal. Love him!
you are failing the people of Maine.We have deep water ports,open air space,abundant resources and yet we are last!!!!
your more Washington then Maine anymore have you got your copy of Forbes mag. Best states to do business yet?
as voter here in maine you have lost my vote. supporting a racist makes you a racist
That is real big of her;  she did everything possible to keep Trump from being elected...Retire Collins
he isn't anymore racist than former AG Eric Holder was or Current AG Loretta Lynch is
I'm surprised at you, ma'am. Shame on you.
She votes with the Democrats too many times
you have it all wrong. I will be calling you. I had faith. You are letting me down.
you lost my vote by supporting this racist.
Please, Senator Collins, what about the record of racism? Is this not an issue at all for you? Not worth addressing?
Dismayed at the lack of backbone to stand up to a known racist. Who do you represent? Shame
.@SenatorCollins this why the Senate Judiciary Committee of 1986 failed to vote his nomination for US District Court Judge out of committee?
.@SenatorCollins Your willingness to normalize fascism and condone institutional racism makes you unfit to represent Maine. #notonmywatch
@freedom4all117 wow Senator Collins finally sided with Republicans. 
I saw him in SENATE vid pleading for immigration reform to no avail.  HE LOVES AMERICA!
The blatant racist? I expected more from you, Senator. Disappointed.
Sessions is a GREAT choice for Attorney General!
Trump Start His Job..
.@SenatorCollins This is an awful endorsement. Sessions will not uphold the law & will degrade civil rights for all Americans. Shame on you.
I hope URright.   I can only judge on what I have heard him say himself on TV .. I confess I'm nervous ... hope UR correct
- A Tepid Endorsement At Best - "Better To Be Silent And Thought A Fool" - No Room For A RINO In A Trump Administration!
@tkinder @SenatorCollins being from ME has good judgement on winds direction if nothing else!
amen, and let it be done
so you're fine with him not being confirmed as judge don't mind he can't define sexual assault?
nice! Thank you for your support of senator Sessions senator Susan Collins
No concerns about his voting record. Our political system fails when parties give their own a free pass. #hypocracy
Lost my support...not really a moderate if you would support Sessions, Maureen in West Bath
obvious your ethics are "flexible"...you have lost my vote forever....cause guess what? NOT EVERYONE IN MAINE IS WHITE
This is unacceptable.
#TrumpIgnoreHawks #AmericaFirstCabinet

https://www.libertarianinstitute.org/blog/trumpignorehawks-americafirstcabinet/ …
He will be a great AG! Perfect choice. 
no! please do not endorse these vile men! sets a very dangerous precedent and harms your credibility with reasonable people
@LindaSuhler Love to read all these votes of confidence 4 someone whose record perhaps we R not all that familiar Thank you
The white part of our country, you mean. Shame on you.
I have long known you to be a party hack who trades on her reputation as a moderate but this is too much. I am disgusted.
unfortunately you just lost my respect. Although an Ind., think Sessions is a racist. Wrong pick for AG.
@transition2017 SUSAN, WHAT ABOUT HIS RACIAL AND SOCIAL VIEWS?
@BigStick2013 She finally woke up.
@transition2017 Here is another example of what happens to everyday people who the press has taken info from long ago 30+ yr
Sessions will help #draintheswamp by not being corrupt and will prosecute #HillaryClinton finally.
I would suggest people here to stop falling for #MSM propaganda. Sessions will clean house of illegals who r criminals.
is this the new "Burn witch" catch phrase of RACIST whenever Democrats dislike something? You a-holes lost, get over it.
@transition2017 Sen. Collins is a moderate so this is a good sign. She didn't vote for Obamacare also!
@BigStick2013 Another RINO, if we don't care what the Dems think, we don't care what Collins thinks.
Very disappointed.  Moderate Repubs have a serious responsibility now - you seem to be shirking yours.
so disappointed. Will you
but CNN says he racist?
.@SenatorCollins believes wrongfully prosecuting black civil rights leaders, supporting a ban by religion & opposing the 14th A = integrity.
now if you'd just vote with the Republicans once in awhile we'd be in great shape.
@transition2017  Nice letter of support. It's sad that you did not unite behind the force to defeat the likes of Clinton.
Sen. Collins, you make me sad to be from Maine. Stop supporting racism. Hopefully we vote you out soon.
not a good choice.... #normalizing
Awful. Very disappointed.
I missed the part where @SenatorCollins said she was sorry for falsely accusing @realdonaldtrump of mocking a disabled reporter.
@transition2017 oh just shut up!
Good effort at avoiding the Ayotte Axe
@transition2017 you mean for the racist who could not get confirmed as a federal judge? Yay Christian white right
thank you!
is his admiration for the KKK part of the whole "acts with integrity" deal?
Sessions "joked about the Ku Klux Klan, saying [they] were "OK, until he learned that they smoked marijuana."
so, you don't care about all the racist stuff? interesting.
@transition2017 

Amen gentlemen! Let's make America FRICKEN AWESOME again! #OurTurn!

#MAGA
#Transition2017
#PresidentTrump
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2016/11/donald-trump-building-team-of-racists.html?mid=facebook_nymag …
@LindaSuhler 
Thank you Sen. Collins for giving an honest assessment if Sen. Sessions.
@transition2017 Another Profile on Courage.
@DonaldJTrump45 boy I guess someone can never change. Try to not be so small minded.
@transition2017 Standard B.S. From left: Saul Alinsky RFR#12 “Pick the target, freeze it, personalize it, and polarize it.”
you'll never be re-elected after this. Show some courage.
His knowledge and interpretations of the Founder's Vision in the U.S.Constitution,has few Intellectual peers
Do not support the nomination of @SenatorSessions for Attorney General! #StopSessions
@transition2017 This is a quote from Sessions re being the AG. Sounds like he won't give the Clintons a pass.
Are for real ?
your acceptance of @SenSessions3rd for AG is not acceptable to the voters of Maine
@transition2017 Sessions is a great choice! He desegregated schools and fought for execution for a KKK murderer - NOT RACIST
@zanechaffins 
Wow the libbots are out in force. 
Stand your ground Senator, for the sake of America and the return of order
Thank you for your support of @SenatorSessions as AG. We will finally have an AG that enforces our laws. @transition2017
he's senator from my state, I'm ashamed to say. He's rascist, not a man for ALL citizens, has no integrity, not AG material.
@transition2017 Nice of her to make a statement given half the time she can't decide where she stands on anything.
You just lost my vote. You are never there when it really counts are you?
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
Grow a pair, Susan.
this is a great sign...Collins is always a moderate that @SenSchumer would want to pick off
when are you going to quit reaching across the aisle?
So you don't believe he will make racial, bigoted decisions?
- Collins any fact here? You are get free healthcare and pension on our taxes and are a public servant, zip it.
Thank you!
shameful.
shame on you
As a constituent, thank you for your support of our President-Elect's AG nomination!  Thanks!!!!
You've lost my support - letting these racists & scum take over without pushback is unconscionable
can you ask him if he still thinks the NAACP is un-american? And in what way white lawyers shouldn't disgrace their race?
You, madam, are no Olympia Snowe. #nodecency
You on drugs?
Racism and nationalism are NOT Maine values! Extremely disappointed. Maine's voters will remember this! Myself included!
Good lord. The only hope, really.
really?Are you seriously ok with the horror that trump is surrounding himself with? You wouldn't be if a Dem was. Would you?
has known @SenatorSessions 20 years. I think that qualifies her more than you internet warriors who have no idea about him.
. You were 1 of the few republicans who could be respected by all. This ridiculous statement undid all your hard work. Coward
You have lost your moral compass and should be ashamed
Very sad when a man too racist to be a federal judge gets a warm welcome from your office. As a ME resident, I am ashamed.
Disappointed with @SenatorCollins. Hoping she's saving her powder and will fight other fights against hate #lovewins
So disappointed in you. In bed with the devil.
2020 can't come soon enough.
You failed your first test of putting country first. Glowing support for a staunch nativist, voter suppressionist
..so you're not a traitor anymore Susan??? Of course Sessions is a brilliant pick by Trump... finally following suit??
I respectfully disagree with your assessment of this choice, SenatorCollins,
Wow. @SenatorCollins has always gotten more credit than she deserves for being a moderate.
hope u enjoyed the cool aid  ur pal is a racist and a hater of immigrants and ms Collins  are nothing more than an enabler
R U sure?  Please consider. You were one of first people I voted for.
Sen., when u look back on your actions, u will be appalled. giving the racist/fascist your blessing, will bury our country.
Shame.
Thank you for your clear declaration that you are a racist and a fascist enabler.
What's More Racist Than Blatantly Ignoring The Black On Black Violence In Chicago? Democrats Foster/Own Racism
Mr. Session's appointment is troubling to many of us, to #Normalize his radical positions is dangerous.
Shame on you.
this is a very disappointing stance. I was hoping you would have lived up to your reputation of courage and integrity.
