Denounce Trump and endorse Secretary Clinton.
Thank you for sharing that propaganda with me. Now I've seen the light. Vote Trump 2016...
Your memes are so dank I can't even...
If you are literate, please tell me all about your theories regarding Benghazi. But please, no pictures. I want details...
HILLARY, USING THE KHAN GAME TO GO AT TRUMP, TRUMP ONLY PUT PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN PERSONALLY AFFECTED BY HILL
HC doesn't have to do anything to bring down Trump's poll #s. He's doing a good job doing that all by himself.
BESIDES, U GUYS, HAVE TO PREP FOR #DNCLEAK TWO COMING UP SOON.
keep dreaming. Nate Silver gives Trump a 12% chance of winning.
NATE FEEDING U SOME DREAMING NUMBERS, COME ON MARGIE, U SMARTER THAN THAT, CUT UR LOSSES #VOTETRUMP
hahaha. You are in denial. Im sorry about your guy.
MAR(COME BACK TO EARTH)GEE , U ARE IN DENIAL, U RIDING A DEAD LAST PONY, BUT WON'T GIVE UP, I UNDERSTAND
the exact opposite is true but have a good imagination. Great. Your gonna need it.
And no one is forcing you to vote for Trump.  You have a choice.  Vote your conscience; vote Clinton.
I don't vote for criminals and people who support men that abuse women and let 4 Americans die then lie to parents
You keep consuming that Trump propaganda, okay?  This election is already over, my friend.
than don't worry about it. You keep believing the NYTimes propaganda and we will both be happy
PS, the *last* thing I'm worried about is a Trump presidency.  Read my lips: It Will Never Happen.  He's done.
omg. You just threatened him. How dare you. A clear dog whistle for his demise. Don't be too cocky kid. It's only August never know
Grow up.  Really.
get lost.  Really, of course you don't care about Hilary's speeches and dirty money, you are a sycophant and Hilary loving liberal
I absolutely agree. Thank you for stand up for what is right. Trump is out of control.
And only a fool NOT in the oval office would do so!
Capt. Khan was, but his dad was paid speaker at Hillary event to the tune of over $300,000.. Sr. Khan NOT a hero but a bully
suppose those people were spies or subversives?...then wut?
Kahn is Clinton's lawyer for the foundation & hides the money. He gets money from Saudis for  illegal Saudis to enter USA!
as a Democrat I greatly respect and appreciate what you've done for Maine. Please stand up and denounce Trump.
Denouce Trump and Help Hillary Chang the Constitution and look of America as we know it!
You are a traitor to the Republican Trump voters... So you rather have a criminal in office??? Scum
shame on you for such a misrepresentation of the actual truth! They attacked &blamed Trump rather than Hillary,muslim killer
And how many soldiers who are American citizens get recognized as heroes? Because they all are.
he came to start a fight.Khans son was born in America. He is an American. Trump was talking about new entries.
U are a traitor to the USA. switch parties officially.We don't want u! The ppl will vote u out! Disgrace! #TrumpPence16
Susan,Mr. Khan shouldn't blame anyone for his son's death, we all served, except you, the RINO,
Supposedly #ClintonFoundation payed Khan $375,000. Please investigate.
Khan worked at Hogan & Hartson, the law firm for the Clintons, for 7 years. He was recruited by DNC to speak out.
what about the gold star familys that Hillary lied to about Binquaze and called them liers. That was ok?
Kahn attacked Trump, Kahn had no right to do what he did. Trump wants to protect our borders...
gimme a break!
The father is not the son. the son is not the father. The son is a hero, The father has an ugly mind, anti American
Hillary Clinton used Khan's family pain & vulnerability for "political gain"! How low can a person sink...call a Plumber!
repudiate this man or your statement is meaningless
@Bencjacobs Mr. Khan attacked Trump publicly. He has every right to respond to Mr. Khan.
but the useful idiots dont get that concept..lol
The son might be a hero, his father is not. How do you feel about the father supporting Sharia law over our Constitution?
she is fine with that I am sure. Can't hurt anyone's feelings you know. Vote this idiot out of office please
Disavow Trump, like a decent American
and what support the lying....murderous Clinton?
Capt Khan's father is Hillary/Obama supporter, ties to Muslim extremists, paid off by Clinton. Collins traitor to her party!
No one should help put Hillary in the White House!
Khan was shameful to use his dead son to try & gain political points for Hillary. He sold his son for over $300,000.00
you don't have to jump off the GW bridge just because everyone else did, say: I vote @HillaryClinton
trump said the kid was an American hero. you need to turn off killary tv
Complete hypocrite you are. You may as well be a Democrat. He didn't criticize. We conservatives loath you.
#Trump VOTERS YOU are telling to vote YOU out of office. You LIE about #Trump....WE VOTE YOU OUT!
@SenatorCollins
@SenatorCollins
@SenatorCollins
@SenatorCollins
@SenatorCollins
Why do you think Kahn supports Hillary? He is an immigration attorney& will profit from open borders. U R a sad rep of US
We will all make sure your constituents know you are supporting war hawk Hillary who doesn't think VA has a problem to fix!
NO ONE has supported veterans more than @realDonaldTrump ! Hillary says the VA is fine but ur supporting her?
Capt Kahn was a hero & Trump said that but Mr Kahn believes Sharia law is to be enforced ovr our Constitution. U R Pandering
What are you getting for supporting Hillary Clinton? Selling off our country to foreign countries for personal gain!?
does that hold for the candidate who called Benghazi families liars for repeating what she told them?
Now you have displayed lack of temperament and good judgment.
I just have a question. Its ok for Clinton to USE grieving family for political purposes & he can attack DT 4 nothing Unfair
Senator Collins, lets be fair. Why not the mother of Chris Kyle or many other parents. Clinton did these parents 4 politics
no one was criticizing their son. Khan made political statements that indeed he should be called on. Stop being pc
-They chose to speak out, nobody forced them.  Loss doesn't make your ideas automatically right.
The father ATTACKED Trump. HE is a lawyer who sold citizenship to people not qualifed. Trump supports vets GStar families
. INDEED HE WAS. 
But his father is a Muslim Brotherhood hack.  One does not negate the other.  Two separate things.
Khan is friends with Hillary & Huma.  Hillary deposited $$ in his accounts. His law firm helps skirt immigration laws.
I laud your courage in standing up to this bully. #DonaldTrump is not what we need. #JohnsonWeld2016
Wake up ! Khan was paid $25K to attack & denigrate DT. DT only responded fairly. Ur judgement sucks. U have no loyalty !!!
go vote for Johnson...smoke a bowl with him while you are at it
he never said a word about Capt. Khan...his father is a different story
people LOVE Trump...You not so much
No one should OUTRIGHT LIE to the fallen soldiers PARENTS in Benghazi! At least Trump never left our soldiers in harms way!!
you go on national TV and lie your ass off.. go vote for Hilliar...we will vote you out on the next go around
u want US protected from the Isis attacks u r horrified by...how u vote will result thousands un-vetted people here!
With respect to you.Trump called the son a hero.It is the Father who was set up by the Dems & attacked Trump.
Are you having a #shortcircuit? 
.@realDonaldTrump called Khan son a hero. Khan was paid $375,000 from .@HillaryClinton
The Khans politicized their son's death when they attacked Trump at the D convention. Wake the f up.
u couldn't be bothered to defend Sean Smiths mother tho-very telling
Replicans made Trump sign loyalty oath, but you dont have to be loyal??? You are a disgrace to Rebulicans!
turn in ur Rep card 4 your comments on Face the Nation to remove a vote from your party & not support your party candidate
this is delusional! What they believe is completely different than their son! Ultimate respect for him, none for them
the dems should not parade this family for their cause, hundreds of other families & chose this family for a reason
BUT THE GRIEVING PARENTS CAN SPEW THEIR PROPAGANDA IN THE NAME OF DEMOCRATIC PARTY AGAINST @realDonaldTrump THAT'S TOTAL BS.
Dems back a corrupt lying candidate, & u can't support @realDonaldTrump? Really? Unacceptable & u will lose your election.
The kahn's were PAID 375,000 by The Democrats to stand up there at the DNC AND TRASH TRUMP! You should be ashamed! Get out!
time to support crooked HRC her tax plan increases taxes on everyone and will further ruin small business. Change parties
I didn't hear you speak up against the Ds who attacked the #BenghaziMom
Why did you not bring up Hillary calling Benghazi parents liars - they had witnesses? OK for Dems but not Trump? Hypocrisy!
I just seen your comment on TV, and thank you there so many of us that agree with, but what choice do we have
Applaud your decision against Trump but I criticize your taking so long.There were tipping points from start of his campaign
Those parents were not grieving on stage at the DNC convention. They attacked him stupid! Trump never mentioned the Son!
You are a "lawmaker" but appear severely uninformed or willfully treasonous. We won't have a country left if HRC is elected.
your a dinosaur and would turn the Supreme Court over to #crooked Hillary. You need to wake up and see past your ego.
BUT look at the background of the father before u criticize Trump! RINO!!!!!
khan was a pawn used by the Dems that should be your stance, you are a disgrace. #MAGA #TrumpPence16
It is time to rise up and stand up to the left wing lunatic scumbags. It is time for a political Revolution to take place.
He indeed was. But also it is time that Republicans stop allowing the nasty liberal lunacy to run amok all over US values.
Really? Maybe you should tell this to Hillary when she has the gall to lie to and on Bengahzi's men's parents. SHE'S TRASH
:  Mr.KHAN was the one , went after Donald Trump. Questions if Donald Trump read the constitution!
Who you are and what you are speaks so much louder than what you are actually saying, all I can hear is "I'm a TURN COAT".
you are also a http://liar.How  many terms did you say you were staying? Voting Hilaryyou've become an embarrassment
Criticizing Mr. Trump did not make you look good to anybody. People that don't respect will continue to not respect you.
So if Mr. Khan was attacking people they aren't suppose say anything back?  Grief is not an excuse to be inappropriate.
nobody should lie to families who lost  ones in Benghazi .. U should be doing everything to defeat Hillary nt destroy trump
I am a st Lawrence alum and really am disappointed In your actions .. Unite the part not divide u will get Hillary elected
Do not believe I ever heard you speaking out against HRC and her treatment of Pat Smith Benghazi mother? Confused explain?
their son was, doesn't mean they are
no one should criticize the one that's running for election to support your elected goals, but you did
Your true colors will show - and you will be voted out of office. Go with the candidate who will be more with you than not.
Does your dislike for Trump outweigh having a constitutional Supreme Court? Balanced Budget? Don't destroy the country!!!
When the parents go out and attack someone in front of millions, he enters the public debate - and we find out he had motive
IM WITH HER!!!!!!! NOT U AND HILLARY
No one said he wasn't!
I dn't have a problem with it. They put themselves out there and are paid by Clinton's. Get some backbone will you? Useless
I hope postTrump GOP rebuilds with YOUR honor and integrity. May God bless you now and always.
Although politically I didn't always agree - you earned my respect a long time ago. +
I wanted 2 thank you and let you know that I appreciate your stance on Trump. You are 1 of a very few in GOP I respect. +
no one said he wasn't. His father is a Hillary supporter and was used, what about the ones that were lied to by Hillary
U r mischaracterizing what happened. Because you r a RINO. Please retire already
Senator Susan Collins of Maine in opinion is on the pay roll of Corrupt Hillary and waiting for a job from her.
Mr. Kahn had no right attacking Trump. Just bc some Americans want to stop ppl from countries that practice radical Islam.
yes that's true but are you that stupid to fall for the CONs of @HillaryClinton & @TheDemocrats?
What about the criticism of Pat Smith. Silence there from you.
But the father has become a tool of the Dems. and so have you which is nothing new for you and your voting record.
Mr Khan said nasty things about Trump! He attacked Trump. To the heck with Mr Khan.
Yeah, read more about Mr. Khan. He's an advocate for Sharia law. No, anyone who is for sharia law, I could care less about!
Where were U when Hillary Lied to grieving parents. The Khans excepted a LOT of $$$ for their greive
VOTE HER OUT! SHILL FOR HILLARY AND SUPREME COURT LIBS! Thanks for NOTHING
Mr khans son was a hero, his father had an agenda, and as a veteran and mother of veterans, I take offense at your judgement
you make me sick. You are destroying the GOP.
shame on u for not supporting the republican candidate! Why help out the lying HRC. Your  5 min of fame are up
I just want to thank you for endangering my children and adding a 1.3trill debt to their lives. Trump will win and you out!!
how about Khan used the death of his son to further his agenda what part Susan do u not understand shows your not to swift
I heard your interview on NPR, & I'm thrilled at your reasoning for NOT supporting a candidate who picks on the defenseless
Fuck Shrew Collins
...and no one should help #Hillary get voted in if "claiming" to be a republican knowing the stakes! #traitor #voteherout
endorsing HRC - Child Rape Victim Comes Fwd 4 1st Time in 40 years to Call Hillary a 'Liar' 'She's Not For Women & Children
And by the way did  you see how much money they were paid by the Clinton Foundation in return for their statement? How low!
With respect, what about calling the parents of the victims who were killed liars by @HillaryClinton You lost my respect!
You need to do some research.
No one should lie to the parents to their face either as the one you're helping did #AshamedOfSenCollins
No one did.
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/01/clinton-cash-khizr-khans-deep-legal-financial-connections-saudi-arabia-hillarys-clinton-foundation-connect-terror-immigration-email-scandals/ …
His father has ties to the Clinton Foundation !Trump said the son was a hero ! As a Sen HC never showed at the Gold conventi
= WORST kind of self serving, career politician...
disappointed your supporting HRC. As I watch my healthcare costs triple under Obama. In Nov. we get anther 50% increase. Thx
Senator Trump was attacked by Kahn which was a set up by DNC and he shld be ashamed
Hillary plant--you aren't aware of This man's background?
Your Liberty Score of 10% makes you the worst RINO in "BOTH" Houses of Congress! Are we getting "RICH" on the Status Quo?
So were T.Woods, C Stevens, S Smith & G Doherty  Is it OK to allow 4 people to die & then call their parents liars?
Donald Trump did not criticize mr. Khan. Mr.Khan earns his living bringing immigrants here for big money
Kahn job. Father is a fraud member of terrorist group Senator Collins needs to be voted out of office supporter of Hillary.
His son was a hero.  Mr. Kahn is an attorney who profits from Muslim immigration.  Of course he'd be against Trump's plan.
His pathetic father allowed himself to be used, thereby cheapening his brave son's legacy. Shame, Ms. Collins. Shame.
I didn't hear you criticize.@HillaryClinton when she called #Benghazi parents LIARS. Why not? Waiting........
Trump said his son was a hero. Khan paid $375,000 from Clinton Foundation attacked Trump first. Get your facts RINO!
you're not a republican, get behind your party so we can gain prosperity for the middle class in the US once again. unreal.
Khan was paid off by the Clintons to bait Trump.
you are a rhino and we expect no less go ahead and vote for Hillary  change your R to a D please
@SenatorCollins
go ahead and vote for Hillary you have been a rhino for years just change your R for a D and come out the closet
People shouldn't exploit their dead children for political motivations. You disgrace the party for not supporting Trump.
Khan attacked Trump
I applaud your principles ma'am and Washington Post Column.  You are the party!
@SenatorCollins
Still haven't figured it out yet have ya?
Trump was responding to voices in his audience yelling 2nd Am, that particular voting block is strong. Listen to the video.
Looks like you have a ton of democrats telling you to jump ship. Trump didn't call on anyone to shoot anybody.
Capt. Kahn was a hero. His parents are pawns of the Democrats.  *TRUMP ~ PENCE 2016*  America needs Trump.
The people have spoken. TRUMP ~ PENCE 2016 Do your part Senator or join the Democrats or leave your seat.
Good grief Senator, we cannot believe you are not backing our nominee! YOU are the the divisive one. Trump ~ Pence 2016
, your the GOP senator.   It's time to back your Republican nominee for president.   Donald J Trump will annihilate Clinton!
Agreed but you are still a traitor to the Republican Party! Just switch to Demonstrate and stop being a liar!
Face it.
@realDonaldTrump uses #RepublicanRhetoric @GOP has used for years: The Man of your Dreams.
http://youtu.be/2aJ1f1i2JZI 
Where is your outrage for the families of the Benghazi families lied to by Hillary. HYPOCRITE !!
I guess u have been perfect all yr life u are the very reason there shld be term limits u don't listen to us or support GOP
Oh well, get over it.  Mr. Khan is a fraud.  Get behind your party!!
hillary did too and you never defended the benghazi parents
