@Lollardfish 
David, call her office. They do not register tweets.
.@SenatorCollins As an American Jew, I am asking you to fight against  appointment of known white supremacist and antisemite Steve Bannon.
FYI she put out a statement signaling that she's OK with Bannon http://bit.ly/2fZZzmS  #mepolitics
and what about bannon?  @chelliepingree has an opinion, do you agree?
well that was quick. Why 4 to 6 weeks on Bannon tho 
I've called already about the appointment of Bannon. His views do not represent our state. Please use your voice and resist.
And what about the hiring of Steve Bannon? On behalf of Mainers, please speak out against this. It's disgraceful and scary.
Any comment on the appointment of white supremacist Steve Bannon -- or is that just too unremarkable now to mention?
What are your thoughts on Stephen Bannon?
.@SenatorCollins  and what do you think about Steve Bannon?
What do you think abt Bannon?
we're waiting to hear what you think of Bannon. I hope you put country above party and fight this appointment.
What about the grand wizard Bannon?
big talk, but just another useless GOP sellout. Moderate REPUBLICAN my aching ass.
please live up to the reputation all us Mainers have come to respect. It is imperative you stand for better #bannonout
always respected how you seemed to put politics aside for important issues. Now you gotta shine #dumpbannon
Your silence regarding the white supremacist Trump also hired is deafening.
Coward.
As a woman (R or D) you should stand up to the appointment of Bannon. He has contempt for anyone who isn't a white male.
Press query, @SenatorCollins: how do you feel about Bannon as chief strategist?
Excellent choice for chief of staff by the President-elect. Reince is great to work with and knows how to get things done.
what is your reaction to Bannon? We need leadership with integrity. Please be that person.
Yay! I hear he & white nationalist, anti-semite Stephen Bannon worked so well together during campaign. So excellent indeed.
funny.not really, 
how you don't mention steve bannon
white nationalist
anti semite
propogandist
silence from you
shame!
seriously?  What about Steve Bannon?   The American people deserve better.
please take a stand against Steve Bannon!
what about the "chief strategist". ?   Position?
how do you feel about Bannon, a white supremacist also hired by Trump? We need your help and guidance!
yeah, drain that swamp! Lol. #Fools #falsepatriot
And what about Bannon???? Go ahead, think about it. We're waiting...
What about the white supremacist?  Will he be great to work with as well?
Shame on you! You know this is Shameful!!
Sad you are just falling line you the do nothing Congress,just to keep your cushy jobs!You won't speak up and tell the Truth
And what are thoughts on the appointment of Mr. Bannon? You didn't mention him.
It's time for Maine to send you packing.  Ignoring Bannon is unethical and possibly shows your acceptance of an anti-Semite.
wow, are you not even going to acknowledge his OTHER pick?
as a woman how can you ignore bannon?
Jesus. Stupid much? #WeAreDoomed
and Bannon?
BANNON????
Like appointing an alt-right antisemite like Bannon. What's next? Yellow stars? Yellow crescents? @SenatorCollins
Here's a sample of the work of the fella you conveniently neglected to mention:
satire? You wanted everyone to ask about Bannon, right?
Would love your thoughts on white ethno-nationalist Bannon as the Trump Whisperer?
aren't you the least bit ashamed for backing these bigots? Why would you normalize @realDonaldTrump's behavior? @GOP is scum
Yes & all of them are very bad. Anyone who supports or enables Trump must be voted out of office.
Senator what are your thoughts on the white supremacist in the White House now? Totally fine, right?
Bannon?
Does he know how to get white supremacy done like Steve Bannon?
What about Bannon, Senator? As a Mainer I'm counting on you to have integrity within your caucus. What about the racist?
Please @SenatorCollins , talk about the Bannon hire. Stand up for us: Jews, Muslims, Latinos, LGBT community--we're scared. #antisemitism
And what of Bannon? Will you stand against that appointment?
shame on you, RNC toady. You never were an independent voice
What about Steve Bannon-white supremacist? Nice job ignoring he was appointed Chief Strategist. 
https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/08/31/revealed-conway-bannon-members-secretive-group …
Bannon?
what's your opinion of Bannon? Say his name, Senator!!!
what about the white supremacist that Trump appointed as his senior advisor? Are you ok with this?
Waiting for your follow-up tweet praising the white supremacist.
and Bannon? White supremacist pick must be denounced in the strongest possible terms. He is dangerous for America. Denounce.
Would you consider changing parties and caucusing with the Democrats?
As an American I blame you for totally abusing and denigrating the memory of every soldier who fought in WWII
What about Bannon, the white supremacist now advising Trump? Is he an excellent choice? Will he be great to work with?
Senator, stop gaslighting the American people. Your party has made the US the laughingstock of the planet. #GOPFail
WTH? Reince is the caddy boy. Bannon is in charge. Evil happens when...
we expect more from you Senator Collins. If you won't stand up to Trump there is no hope for others to
Senator, after reading your oped against the president elect, I was almost convinced u had a bit of political integrity
A half-truth is a whole lie
@KarenFu53174201 So was Albert Speer.  That was a guy who knew how to get things done.
Reince is a puppet.
a white supremacist is his chief strategist; the Trump administration will be morally illegitimate from day 1
Trump made an racist anti-Semite his chief strategist. He doesn't get to be congratulated on a damn thing.
Your parties President just appointed a White Supremacist to his staff.  Good to see your don't care.  Where's your honor?
An actual white supremacist was just appointed to Trump's cabinet. Why are you normalizing this? America is watching.
Can you please specify which parts of the Trump agenda you want him to achieve, please? Your voters need to know.
I wish during that campaign he would of told us "how he is going to do things". Very nervous now
And what about having a guy like abandon in the WH? Look at the bad Susan, not the good, like giving the GOP too Alt-Right!
You've proven yourself a run of the mill coward who has allowed white supremacists to rise to power in America.
how bout Bannon? Thoughts on him?
Bannon hire is disgraceful.
uh-huh... but what about Bannon? You've commented on one, so now let's hear your opinion of the other.
What do you think about Steve Bannon? Do you have a statement about that?
What do you think about Steve Bannon?
Where's your supportive tweet for the racist anti-Semite about to join him?
Thank you Senator Quisling....
Reince is a useful idiot. Banning will be king.
wow this just sounds sick
And what about Bannon? We need sensible Republicans to repudiate this nonsense LOUDLY.
Your party is fully endorsing white supremacist views and you say nothing.
Ignoring the elephant in the room called Bannon, aren't you?
and Bannon? Known anti-Semite? Thoughts?
Will you renounce Bannon, or are you too much of a coward?
Disappointed in your silence Senator. You represent us and we are asking you to make a statement.
And are you also pleased with his new neo Nazi senior advisor?
Bannon thoughts?
and your thoughts on Bannon?
And  bannon?  #pathetic
as one of your Maine constituents, it is immensely reprehensible that you are not denouncing  Bannon.
Senator, Trump just appointed a white nationalist at the same time. This quote makes you look naive or complicit. Address it
Wow - Senator, you condone a white supremacist being in the WH? I mean, other than DT himself
Wow. Way to stand up for decency. One more corrupt @GOP "leader".
still doesn't make President-elect a good choice. Your party must be so proud that it is led by a racist misogynist.
You are now tied to white nationalist Bannon being in the White House.
your silence on Bannon speaks volumes. Don't underestimate your importance in congress next session.
You must stand against having Stephen Bannon, a white supremacist/antisemite, wielding power in the White House.
and what do you think of Steven Bannon?
Trump hates you, and will betray you.
How are u going to make yourself heard as a moderate?
@DanielleWaugh Senator, you are out of touch-as a mum of 2 girls, it's a shame I can't point to you as a power of example
I hope so
How about Bannon? Won't it be just great to work with a white supremacist and antisemite too?
So Senator when Ryan sends his bill to privatize Medicare will you stand with Ryan/Trump or American seniors
Yes, yes, Priebus knows how to get those trains running on time.  Shame on you.
What about Bannon?
is Steve Bannon ok with you?
Really? Guess you will swoon over his ridiculous cabinet too: Rudy, crazy immigration guy, Bondi, Palin.
Shameful, Senator. Simply shameful.
and Bannon? We need you to speak up. People like you are our last hope
just like you...world class suck up
stephen bannon's wife divorced him for abusing her are you for abuse senator?
And what about Bannon? Do you have the courage to denounce his appointment?
hope you like working with Bannon. Come on lady.
whisper to him, "don't appoint any more neo-nazis"
#PresidentPussyGrabber
How can you do this, Senator....
#KKKForBannon #JewHatersForTrump
and @realDonaldTrump don't have to worry about #DrainTheSwamp head alligator is now in there. Bannon? EZ access #WH #KKK
remember these statements don't go away -throwing away your legacy
Jesus even you too? sad and sick.. apparently not a ONE of you has any principles..so ashamed of white women...
Quit trying to normalize this racist bigoted admin. How can you be a woman and support him? I hope you don't have a daughter
so steve bannon in a major role in the White House is okay with you!!???
How do you feel about Steve Bannon? Are you going to comment on his appointment? Do you approve of him and all his stands?
Any comment on Bannon?
You all should just stop giving your opinions until you find out how fucking bad this is going to get....so far, pretty bad
You are going the way of Kelly Ayotte soon. Remember this tweet. I will work very hard to get you out. Used to be honorable.
You're part of the establishment that Trump promised to get rid of. Either he lied big time, or you're gone.
wow how fast they turn around
how about a white supremacist as chief strategist. Proud?
what about Steve Bannon?  Other than that Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
Reince is weasel, a worm tongue, a sycophantic bootlick that has the spine of tapeworm. Perfect for the #ConmanInChief.
and Bannin right? Nothing like a neo nazi to get thing done trains gonna run on time now
the more you normalize this, the more you betray this country. You are actively associating with Nazis.
Traitor.
lol not if history is any indication
You are why I voted for only dems up and down the ticket.
what about Brannon?
oops I misspelled Bannon.
what do you have to say about Alt Right Anti Semitic Bannon?????
refer up a few tweets. This is important.
You are very disappointing. Quit normalizing this inadequate administration.
so you are going to close your eyes to Bannon as senior advisor? This is all "going to be normal"???? YOU HAVE A DUTY.
yea from all that government work he's done...oh wait
really? You have the nerve to make a comment after your efforts to distroy the outcome? You are part of the reason we voted for him.
And Bannon Senator Quisling?
not even going to mention Bannon? This cowardice is the start of the end.
didn't you denounce him as a person? You can't legitimately walk that back just cuz he "won".
Seriously? You're out of your mind. He's nothing but a partisan piece of crap!!
You can't represent the Jews and Muslims of Maine or anywhere if you turn a blind eye. Magaret Chase Smith would not flinch.
what about Bannon?  Are you going to condemn the hiring of an unrepentant anti-Semite.
Your silence on Bannon speaks volumes. Disappointing UR signaling capitulation to Trump's racist soulmate.
So when Trump imposes term limits on the Senate you'll go peacefully, right?
Glad you're happy.
Bannon is STILL in the White House however.
WHAT ABOUT BANNON
is it excellent that hate crimes are being committed and you are all silent? #hypocrites #UnAmerican
What about Bannon? You're ok with a white nationalist in charge of strategy? What is WRONG with your party?
how about the Anti-Semite Bannon?
Sen. Collins:  My wife & I think lots of you down here in Southern Ky.  May the good Lord bless you & your family.
But you're totally cool with white supremacist Steve Bannon?
Like keeping Trump from getting the nomination, kudos on that Reince!
And your reaction to Steve Bannon?  Your integrity is the key to this nation surviving the next two years.
a profile in courage you are not.
and Bannon. I  guess you are fine with the Kkk also...
and a hearty Sieg Heil to you too, lady. What color will your arm band be?
maybe we should consider a flag re-design
great choice yes and Steve Bannon!! How exciting for you all!! Sure to be a wonderful four years. Thank YOU Senator!!!!
you feel pretty good about Bannon too?
- But a white supremacist antisemitist Holocaust-denying Navy vet in the @WhiteHouse w/President's ear is just unamerican
Please denounce racist Bannon. Decent Senators like you must not normalize hate.
and how do you feel about Bannon, his anti-Semitic buddy? Great choice, too?
How do you feel about Bannon? Because Priebus will be gone before the WH Hitler's Birthday Ball.
@nielslesniewski Funny how GOP only commenting on Reince. What say you @SenatorCollins about known anti-Semite Steve Bannon?
what about Steve Bannon?
how about noted anti Semite Bannon? Any comment on his role?
.@SenatorCollins What about anti Semite Bannon for Chief Strategist? That OK too?
how do you feel about Trump?
How do you feel about Steve Bannon as “chief strategist,” senator?
I guess it could have been worse, someone like David Duke...oh wait.
and Bannon?
