SO GLAD YOU are leaving the senate. Maine Governor good fit. Just sorry it wasn't much sooner!! Your Legacy is Obamacare
I hope the people from Maine know you lie before it's to late!
Kids meet a traitor to AMERICANS!  She knows the damage she causes but does it anyway!  #mepolitics #REPEAL her #MAINE!
2018  WE TRUMP SUPPOTERS  WILL VOTE YOU OUT  SUSAN COLLIN
Thank you Senator Collins for continuing to put the needs of our country ahead of the demands of any party. Run for president please.
You're a nothing..a fraud
You're still a loser, no one gave me or my family the handouts, we called it hard work to get ahead. You're coddling votes of losers!
So proud of you Senator Collins. Showed those so called men how to be men for their sons, Because they set a horrible example.
As a Maine Democrat you have my vote in re election. Thank you for choosing the people over the party and protecting millions of Americans
#SavedTheACA Thank you so much for your courageous vote! Millions of Americans owe you our gratitude!
Losers, tell them to get the same healthcare as the rest of us, then see how fast they vote for repeal. Wise up!
How seriously unattractive she is.
How seriously unimportant that is
Face to face with him I am the voice of truth
Thank you Senator for helping save the GOP and the necessary two-party system
Thank God Women Were Born WITH Backbones!
Thank you for being so courageous!!!
Thank you Sen. Collins for voting with your head and your heart  against the Skinny bill. Americans deserve better healthcare!
VOTE NO!!!
Thank you for your vote for the American people.
Someone needs to stop Trump from treating the sick the weak and the poor these are our country men good citizens of America put me
Thank you for voting no last night.
Shes a fraud and lied to get elected. How ROTTEN can a person be to screw the PEOPLE THAT VOTED FOR her.we wont forget what she did.  KARMA
Thank you for standing strong for your principles and protecting the rights of your constituents and other Americans

Senator Collins - Please vote no and continue to defend affordable healthcare for all Americans.
Another crybaby!
This is an odd thing to post right now during health care debate. #HealthCareVote
Maybe she knew how she was going to vote and needed to occupy her mind during the late senatorial shenanigans
#Shero
Thank you Senator Collins for standing strong and voting your conscience. We the American people who rely on the ACA are so grateful 

#AreYouSayingItsOKTo
#ForceGirlsToServe
#YourHealthcare ?
Bet like I they r democrats
Thank you @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski for voting No. you're true heros  won't forget!
RNC sell out - Sen. Elizabeth Warren inviting out Collins and Murkowski tonight.
Thank you Senator Collins for voting with Americans on healthcare!
Susan Collins. Thank you. You are fearless when it comes to doing the right thing. Thank you!!!
time 2 get through this old fossil  out of the senate & have her stop living off the taxpayer
Political future over!

You've surrendered to lobbyists n
outside special interests 
too long n too much!

You didn't go door to door on AHC
PP pay u? u believe in PP be a democrat. PP provides 1% paps, manual cancer screen.O% mammograms,No pre natal care,38% abortions nationally
We will pray for you salvation BUT NOT your health. The preamble to our Constitution protects by name, the baby in the womb!

You are a child murderer who sided with planned butcherhood , educate yourself they don't do mammograms/pre natal care!
Bravo!
You are a hero!. Thank you for standing up for Maine! Incredible work from an incredible woman.
Ray Richardson, ME radio personality, promises to work against any election by Susan Collins. Great! I'm with you Ray!
Sad day for  Us in Americans because of  your vote  you not care for us
 The for gotten people in the USA
THANK YOU
Thank you Senator Collins. Your principled vote helped save health care for LITERALLY millions of Americans.
Thank you for standing up for the health of the American people.
I hope that life time achievement award from Democrats was worth selling out the working class for
Traitor.
I think it's clear by now Sen. Collins can be both gracious to important visitors & tough as nails when it really matters. Thank you, Sen.
Do you think your supporters are stupid? Telling them 22 million will b without Healthcare There are 320,626,255 ppl You make fools of them
Thanks for screwing the American people on healthcare!!
SELL OUT SHAME ON YOU
THANK YOU for your INTELLIGENCE and COURAGE in voting AGAINST the terrible health bill!
#Trumpcare #SkinnyRepeal #healthcare #ThePeopleWIN
Thank you Senator .. you have been nothing short of the strongest in your party.. You have always put your people first, #LuckyMaine & #USA
Traitor
Thank you so much senator for the 'no' vote you casted today on healthcare. Women like yourself truly inspire!!
The rest of your party voted yes on this bill. It would've begun negotiations on making healthcare better. Thanks for nothing
Keeping Obama care hurts millions of Americans!Paying thousands of $ in deductibles before medical insurance starts is NOT coverage
Thank you for your Vote tonight and your courage
You made Maine & the country proud tonight. Thank you for your no vote on the skinny bill 
Thank you Senator. You saved 2 family members tonight. You're not my Senator but I wish you were. Again, please accept my sincere gratitude.
You are a HEALTHCARE HERO!!!! Thank you so much for your commitment to people over party. Thank you for keeping a healthy America priority!
Thank you for your vote ma'sm!
Please keep voting NO!
Are you serious? The senate is imploding around you.
Susan Collins used to be a warrior for Maine but now she may be voting YES on the #SkinnyRepeal that will take away millions healthcare!
ACA must go it's breaking the nation! What good is it if were bankrupt!People got healthcare before ACA if they didn't they didn't ask 4 it
Please, vote NO.
My husband has surgery booked in October.  Without ACA he has no ins ( pre existing))
Please vote NO
Please, please vote no on this atrocity of a healthcare bill.

16 MILLION WILL LOSE
Please vote NO tonight.
A   "conference" could fall apart.
 Promises mean nothing.
Talk is cheap, esp from Ryan.
Our lives depend on you
A bill written over lunch??  But again, thanks for your bravery!
...Please vote no on this bill. Keep putting the people of the state of Maine and the USA over the party.
Very nice.  But you are still a RINO
Please, I beg you, vote No tonight and convince anyone you can to join. 
Good job to those kids
Do NOT trust Paul Ryan, he will make this a law! Paul Ryan is a fraud
16 million will lose insurance!!!!!
Do NOT trust paul Ryan
Please Vote No!!!!!!!!
Vote no
Please vote no!!! 
Vote no. Protect your constituents. #SkinnyRepeal
How many of them will lose their health coverage if this nonsense prevails?
We love you Sue for sticking up for America and not being bullied. The #wealthcare is a shameful example of GOP politics.
More than sixteen million Americans are counting on you to be a hero one more time. Planned Parenthood is important. We are counting on you
McCain is the only Gop hold out,how could you turn on us?
Will Susan Collins vote against her own constituents & hurt American Lives w McConnells despicable hateful TrumpCare Bill? God I hope not.
whoopee do
Vote No on the #skinnyRepeal @SenatorCollins!
what is ur vote Senator? Can u find 3 republicans to save us? Please
Will these young people be able to select their own health care provider??  #sencollins is a joke
Change Parties
We desperately need your NO vote tonight, Senator.  Americans are counting on your doing the right thing!  Thank you!
Nice PR. You sure are trouble (eg hot mic/healthcare/loyalty) in disguise! Have a nice swim in the Swamp!
Please save us..Vote No
help us against a "bill" that is being voted on at midnight. This is wrong.
You met me for Maine's Girls Nation 21 years ago! Vote no on this health care disaster. Be the woman I looked up to all those years ago.
She seems to have done it. By far the strongest of the GOP senators. Feels like something we can all be proud of.
Sorry that I love you and yet you support the worst prez ever please stand up
It feels good to finally see strong ladies stop holding their heads down just to fit in the old boys club. Very refreshing, and attractive.
@SenatorCollins You are a RINO, and do anything to not let our Potus succeed.
Keep fighting up there senator, this is one white man who supports women's rights and opposes the misogyny you face every day 
Help us. Be brave against the bully and protect us from a non bill
This is foremost on your mind right now??
Super! Now make sure none of them lose their healthcare coverage! Vote NO on the "skinny repeal" or whatever they are calling it!
Vote no on the skinny bill. Legislate the right way.
Did you explain why you are taking away healthcare from millions of Americans? Be as brave as you pretended to be a few days ago. VOTE NO!!!
You need to change your party affiliation. You are no Republican
Please vote no! Millions like me are in fear of losing coverage. I have a child with epilepsy. What will happen to him?
Do you see yourself as a lawmaker/ policy maker or some sort of ambassador? Keep your promises Repeal Obamacare


What about healthcare?
Vote no, Senator Collins
Vote no!!!
As a former Girls Nation rep from Maine, I urge you to please vote No.
Show leadership in action #VoteNo
Constituent here. Voted for you 2x. PLEASE VOTE NO.
Repeal Obama Care. You act like a Democrat. Wake up please.
Please #voteno on this skinny repeal bill. Be on the right side of history and save our healthcare ! #SkinnyRepealWillKill
Girl, dont you know a world changing vote is coming up? This is great and all, but priorities plz. 
Please vote NO on the skeletal repeal.  This will hurt so many Americans. #KillTheBill
Where are you on healthcare? Your Bangor office said "undecided" Vote NO!
That is lovely that you met with them. It would also be lovely if you continue to VOTE NO. 
Thank you.
time 2 get through this old fossil  out of the senate & have her stop living off the taxpayer
Vote no!!!
Thank you for being a positive Government representative to Americans especially young people
Vote no and get 2 more to do so, please, please
this is lunacy. please vote no.
are you voting no on #SkinnyRepeal?
Nice pics. Please save us.  Vote NO on this terrible bill.
time 2 get through this old fossil  out of the senate & have her stop living off the taxpayer
Interesting time for this tweet!
You are a HERO.
Stay strong Senator. Please vote NO!
