Get Trumps taxes!  Transparency. T=criminal, corrupt. Mobster. We need Single payer health system.  Control pricing.  Govt is for people.
You are part of the "Deep State" and "Washington SWAMP" so I do not listen to you!
It's bad enuf when Ryan excuses Trump's corrupt actions w/"he didn't know any better;"I expected more from you
Sen. Collins just made up the biggest excuse for Trumps obstruction of justice actions, where is the real patriotism, #CountryOverParty
Trump admitted to Lester Holt he fired Comey to end Russia investigation
To ask Comey to stand up to 45, yet, the entire GOP doesn't have the courage to stand up to him is hypocritical
will you talk about how #AHCA guts coverage? This will endanger people's lives.
1: The emerging Senate Trumpcare bill totally guts coverage & protections for people with pre-existing conditions. Let’s count the ways…
Nope. She is nearing fossilized state, herself... just like all of the old white guys...
hope you grow a conscience before you go on live TV..Hiding behind closed doors creating toxic legislation.  GOP behavior is pathetic
How is this legal? We demand representation!!
R u going to go after Comey for leaking classified info or does he get a pass &will u persecute Flynn who's the victim?ANGRY & want justice!
You should be ashamed of yourself for your pathetic defense of this unhinged man. You'd be better served to say nothing.
Trump's destroying our country and now you're making excuses for that fraud.  There's not one frazzle of integrity in the Republican Party.
@SenatorCollins Today you lost my vote: inability to recognize the truth and to put American values first and instead spout excuses #honesty
And I am one of your constituents and will join your opposition to continue to fight for integrity and truth in Maine and this country!
Once "played" @SenatorCollins in mock Senate. Votes characterized by conscience, integrity, and rule of law.  Couldn't vote that way today.
I just spent a week in DC where hoards of tourists were wearing MAGA gear. Get outside & see what is saying loudly
Your excuses are infuriating. He wanted the job, he should have learned about it before taking the oath. Party over country...shame on you!
Normal? There is NOTHING about Trump that is normal, can be excused by "he's new" & frankly now I'm concerned about your mental health.
Really, Susan. U r explaining trump's behavior as being 'new'? Do u believe in God? Trump will lie under oath 2 protect him. #lieDetectorTes
Curious if Reality Winner, the leaker, is excused from leaking due to her inexperience in the gov't.? Ask Spk. Ryan for me???
Oh Senator. Aren't you embarrassed by this?
STOP playing party politics and making excuses for the the disgrace YOU call president. He is a liar and manipulator of truth.
Stand up for the U.S. and not your party! Show some true patriotism, not lip service! DO YOUR JOB!
So so proud of you Senator Collins!
Beyond rude.
Stop the rationalization of deceit No-Comey's meeting w/him separately didn't cause DHT to obstruct justice in private.  He's no naïf but u?
So disappointed you just folded on #ComeyTestimony
You're a liar, and a party hack.
Do you hate America?
What? Your president thought meetings with FBI should be private? We expect fully formed presidents, not trainees. Bad move.
Come on Shillsan. Time for your Margaret Chase Smith moment in the Senate. Maine is waiting. Your a shill for the GOP!
You are a disgrace trying to support Trump. @RandPaul, the other joker, are stomach turning trying to spin Trump. This is going to be law.
Disgusting. How do you look yourself in the mirror?! No honesty, integrity, common sense. Do you believe prez is dumb, or us if we buy this?
Obviously, you people in Washington believe the entire nation is made up of low-intellect yahoo's that can't tell a lie from the truth.
But wait, you are a GOP woman who believes women aren't capable of making own health decisions.

The White House knows Comey's notes leaking weren't classified. They're obscuring by any means necessary and giving ammo to supporters.
STOP excusing this so-called president's behavior! Stand up for your country or go down with this sinking ship #HesJustNewToThis
Really? That orange fascist is "new to this" and not responsible for own actions?! Are u FRAKKIN serious? Has all logic left u GOP?!
You should be embarrassed by that interview. Were you trying to let Americans know you were about to say something insane?
YOU LOST ALL RESPECT WHEN YOU ON @CNN TRING TO GIVE EXCUSES FOR TRUMPS SINISTER MEETINGS! 
YOU ARE A DESPICABLE WOMAN!
Are you frikken kidding me? STOP! Stop covering for an obvious BAD MAN who is destroying us, now with ur help.
To hear u offer an absurd excuse 4 Trump based on 1st Comey meeting is depressing. Where are the Rs who put country 1st? I thought u were
Susan, Susan, Susan. Here's 30 times Trump lied under oath:
It's painful listening to you &the GOP come up with excuse after excuse that the president is a new kid on the block. This is our security
Be ashamed that you are schilling for the #liarinchief. #VoteThemOut
Nice try.
More bullshit excuses for #TreasonousTrump from @SenatorCollins .  Party before country -@gop mantra.
Good God when you were talking to Chuck Todd and making excuses for Donald, how do you people come up with these things in your own minds?
Oh you drank the koolaid. You had a chance yesterday, and you blew it.
Trying to excuse his behavior b/c Comey asked people to leave room  b/c of salacious details PRIOR to him being sworn in is ridiculous
drank the kool aid, eh?
you'll be going down, too, eventually...what a fraud.
#TheResistance
GOP continues to support Trumps lies!!
Appalling!
@senatorcollins you are making a sorry excuse for something you know is wrong! Give me a break! Stand for truth & justice!Don't be a puppet
So you were shocked about Comey 'leaking' unclassified memos but no reaction when Trump gave classified intel to Russia in White H?Spare Us
Ohhh.... It's Ok DT was not on a plane.Oh yeah, He was in the Oval Office.
Please! He thought you were supposed to meet privately with the director of the FBIOf all the ridiculous excuses &coming from you- SAD!
Your support of @realDonaldTrump lies will be your downfall.  #ComeyDay =patriot.  @realDonaldTrump lies, contradicts his lies publicly.
Remember:
Oh yeah! DT is a 70 y/o child w/ Alzheimer's behaviors who said that the meeting of Pres Clinton & AG Lynch on the plane was a bad judgment.
U r floating the theory of trump being naive and just followed comeys lead in mtg alone.  Really?  I thought u were an independent thinker
.@SenatorCollins Comey cleared room so not to embarrass PE Trump w/alleged Russian hooker sex urine tape, NOT SET PRECEDENT don't blame him.
Insinuating Comey set the precedent for one on one private meeting is ridiculous.
Sen Collins has become one of Trump's flunkies going from show to show with preposterous excuses for his abuse of power. Sad!
Realy senator defendant Trump if Comey had to talk to him in private as FBI Director about something (dossier) that's one thing
Hey Susan, and you are in the "intelligence" committee??
For goodness sake, stop kissing tRUMP's a$$! At your age it's disgusting!
Cover-up!
He wasn't credible. He's a freakin drama queen. #comeycomedyhour
The way you are infantalizing this 70 yo man who brags to be smarter that generals!!
Well that's silly . Sessions was right there with them isn't he suppose to like guide DJT ? what the heck
Big difference between speaking of Russian pee games in front of others and being leaned on by a slime ball President! Master Manipulator
Sen. Collins by forming and sharing your theories publicly or in session you are doing what is known as "LEADING".You must stop now. NOTICED
Do NOT cap #Medicaid services for folks with intellectual, devt disabilities & #autism. #HCBSwaiver helps them live safely in community
Respect Sen Collins,but questioning why Comey didn't school trump is ironic since the GOP hierarchy either hasn't done it or it was ignored.
Do u realize ur sabotaging ur career & reputation to defend Trump? U made yourself look absolutely ridiculous today with ur outlandish spin.
@SenatorCollins you have support in getting behind the president. Don't listen to the Snowflake brigade.
What lengths r these republicans willing to go to to protect this thug? Susan Collins, I can not believe u would stoop to the lowest level.
It's sad to see you become a typical republican #trumpapologist but there'll be no apologies for the battles to come in the #2018Midterms
Shame on you for excusing Trump's behavior. He knows what he's going.  You stoop and bow too low.
You lost my respect this morn when you chose party over truth, over dedication to investigating Russia by attacking Comey.
Caught the segment. Disgusted at the excuses for 45s bullying behavior. Funny he knew to kick AG out #AbuseOfPower
When you spoke on @CNN, I could tell you know the truth. And yet you continue to put your party before your country. How do you sleep?
Is it possible Comey is th weasel leaker who is releasing Spying Obama's unmasked manipulated raw data on Trump to undermine&stop his Agenda
Is it really worth shreds of dignity you have left, future of country, to be able to kick people off health care and cut taxes on rich? 3
Was it Comey who unmasked Trump World for Rice?Is he complicit?He clearly didn't trust Trump,opposed him,so did he assist in Obama's spying?
Was it Comey who unmasked Trump World for Rice?Is he complicit?He clearly didn't trust Trump,opposed him,so did he assist in Obama's spying?
The REAL crime is Obama using FISA to spy on Trump World, other candidates&Congress.He even spied on Media. That is #Watergate on Steroids.
It is clear Obama used Russia Collusion as an excuse to surveille Trump World, unmask it&release it to a larger community to manipulate leak
The Russian interference in our election has been used by Democrats to undermine this President and stop his agenda that we voters voted for
Sen Cohen would be horrified by your crass behavior.  Pres is madman who admitted on TV he fired Comey to stop investigation, routinely 1
Why is the Russian election interference Investigation taking so long? Why drag this out?It is dividing our nation&causing social disruption
Why is the Russian Election Investigation taking so long? Why drag this out when it is dividing this nation&causing such social disruption?
This week,All the intel chiefs&Comey said there is no investigation of Trump,NOW dishonorable @TheDemocrats push Obstruction charges..
I saw how self serving and double dealing Comey is, Trump knew Comey could not be trusted..That is why he was fired.
Judge&jury #IKnowBest Comey not only leaked a manipulated conversation w/ @POTUS ,but orchestrated AG Sessions recusal.@TheJusticeDept @FBI
Trump said "I hope you can" not do it. To me that means he hopes Comey doesnt find any facts to support the Flynn charges&.could let him go.
You might want to look at yesterdays hearing again. I didnt come away thinking Comey was someone we wantin the FBI. He worked against #POTUS
Truly,Senator,You need to watch that hearing again.Comey is an emotional wimp or he is a crafty political manipulator who underimined @POTUS
Comey knew Trump was never under investigation but,he allowed Dems&lib media to savage him w/it for 5months. What kind of justice is that?
Do Something!
Go on Collins, you can go on CNN FAKE NEWS anyday because you know people won't be watching. You can tell them anything we can't trust it.
Do the right thing. Lock Trump up.
Keep up the great work Senator. The fact that Comey leaked the memos  to the press in itself warranted his firing. Flush him down the toilet
Comedy is a lying dog, is a 1st degree leaker, a traitor to America & you think he has integrity?
Additionally, Comey is Comedy personified!
why so we can listen to her justify reasons for Trump still living in the white house?
Russian thing is very disconcerting as she ignores it
Ms. Collins, my Senator. You have changed under the weight of the Trump administration. You are bad for US & ME
Kudos to Sen. Collins for asking th most important question exposing Comey leaking memo & also for ack @potus no obstruction. @Morning_Joe
Great job this am on @FoxNews @BillHemmer
#fakeleader #TrumpLeaks Fred? @JudgeJeanine  #americalast #trumpfirst  #ComeyHearings #comeytestimoney #lawyer vs #RealityTV #TrumpLies
#TrumpObstructed #ComeyMemos #ComeyIsAPatriot Where are the #trumptapes ?? #impeachtrump #trumpfirst #americalast #trumptweetsdefamation
Sounds like you're just making up stories to protect the DT. Very sad at this point in your career Have you lost your dignity? @CNNPolitics
If I commit a crime because I'm ignorant of the law, is the law going to say that I shouldn't be held accountable?
Are the people of the United States being asked to excuse and forgive illegal acts committed by Trump due to his ignorance?
Thank you for speaking truth and for being fearless.
Republican Traitor! Trump paid you already 2 defend him? Your defense of Trump is ridiculous! He cleared the room b/c he's a Conman!he knew!
Thank you for being the first Republican to acknowledge the fact that about Russians interfering with America. It is alarming others do not!
Please do not make excuses for Trump! He is dishonest and has no integrity!
Fascinating hypothesis, new input and theory about yesterday's testimony. Viewer's enjoy that.
Really? you make no sense collaborating Trumps excuses the man is a blatant liar and media manipulator with false claims yet you condone him
We're not dealing with a child. Trump is an adult who knows right & wrong but just doesn't care. It's disgraceful that you'd try to excuse
Disgraceful  indeed! 1 correction...He is a 70 YO child. Chronological age has nothing to do with maturity.
How's that Kool aid Senator? Wondering how potus turned you Susan. Thought you were smarter than that.
She acted like Trump gave her a million dollar! So sad!
You really think stupidity is a reason for illegal activity?  Does that work in the real world ?
Don't fall for the inexperienced view on Trump. He knew what he was doing.
Ignorance of the law is No excuse and No one is above the law not even a Republican.
Trump broke the law. Do your job.
It's insulting to blame Comey 4 this. If a boss, behaves inappropriately to a woman, do you blame her also?
Very interesting Thku
How can you go on CNN and double talk?  Investigation is a joke and Americans want & deserve answers. You stand w/trump - sad
Impeach or you are complicit.   You swore to uphold Constitution.   Do your job.   Please.
Another news show  How about a town meeting here in Maine?
The Republicans are a bunch of cowards. They only go where they know they can talk sh*t but not in front of their constituents.
Get her out
Maine saw you close ranks with the Trump gang yesterday, you're so done here. Don't even think about running for Gov.
You are sadly mistaken. I will vote her out if the doesn't get in line. I helped vote her in I can help her out. You are not her base.
