Gorush thinks you're a lesser-being because you're a woman; I think so because you've chosen victimhood for popularity.
the woman card,wait until Ginsburg has to recluse because of her pre election mouth on any Trump pres. Ruling.
Are you insinuating revenge? This is a THREE branch government, Constitutionally - RGB is SUPPOSED to judge.
revenge? No someone may have thought past their first insult unlike the ones leading you by the nose.
Do you assume everyone who holds an opinion that opposes yours is ignorant and  ill-informed? Arrogant.
I don't assume a thing
I'm afraid it's you that's being led- I can tell by the fact that you only parrot sentiments, not form ideas
- @GOP's unconstitutional obstruction should not be rewarded . #GarlandNotGorsuch
what about Merrick Garland?
what about him - wait until you all get hit by the nuclear opt.Collins knows it she blew her load on devos
and what about Merrick Garland?  I suppose he was devoid of all of these qualities because Obama nominated him?  Hypocrisy.
he has a wolf smell, careful
how about answering ur phones & holding a few town hall meetings?  How about listening to ur constituents!
@PolitiBunny term limits for scotus. 12 years maximum service. No more lifetime anything in govt.
@mainegop - no reward for GOP's unconstitutional obstruction #GarlandNotGorsuch
YOU screwed your state in education, environment & health. You voted to silence Sen Warren. Can't wait 4 your reelection try
Such a Sell Out
great #bigotry and #gayhate Why are you peolpe voting for someone exclusive to soo many americans? This is everybodys land
Thank you for your NO vote on DeVos. That took courage.
@lisamurkowski Thank you for your NO vote on DeVos. That took courage.
do not support a man who doesn't support women's reproductive rights
it is hard to believe you when you said the same thing about @jeffsessions who is not a good person #nocredibility
Senator, It would appear POTUS doesn't feel that way ... or treat the judicial branch that way.
If you really represented Mainers, you'd have pushed for Garland. You've let us down again and again. Shame.
Just another sad attempt to undermine Trumps Presidency! So sad!
by all means, rubber stamp the hell out of this outrageous regime. your constituents voted blue remember? #boughtandpaidfor
Thank you please do what you know is best for the American people
did he answer your ?s in specifics or generalities?
@PolitiBunny everything liberals dislike. Hold fast for confirmation.
he has and will not protect #womensrightsarehumanrights 
Vote no, please 
so was Obama's pick. The whole thing is shameful.
.@SenatorCollins He is to the right of Scalia and will take away women's rights - I expect you'll vote to confirm him bc you are a #swamprat
and a very conservative agenda which you were not voted in to mirror
There should have been a hearing for Judge Garland.  It was a travesty you were part of blocking his nomination.  Shame.
agree with Troy moon, shame senator collins
No vote for Garland then NO vote for this extremist!!
What happen to @GarlandSCOTUS ? HE SHOULD BE CONFIRMED! U never gave him hearing!
But wants to set us back socially 100 years.  You owe it to our democracy to vote NO.
@mainegop you mean you actually like a Trump nominee? I'm floored
PLS make sure he is not beholden to Trump. He must be independent
There is a lunatic in the White House.  We can't afford the dangers that will occur because of his mental instability.
Looking forward to a Town Hall during the week of February 20th.  Where will you be? #MeetThePeople #DefendYourVotes
So is #MerrickGarland Where have you been for the past 10 months? Voters will remember.
you have betrayed us how do we believe anything you say sold ME out
so, the opposite of you, then?
just no respect for women's rights.  You have lost my vote, me, an Independent
please fight Trump's fascist policies on behalf of Maine.
Steady Senator.  Your R constituents appreciate your support of Gorsuch, despite the left's hateful rhetoric. Steady.
just like Sessions and all the other cabinet appointees that you have supported. Party over country
Wondering what tRUmp or Putin has on you  "elected" officials who are voting against what your constituents want
Your constituents are PISSED. Good! You've sold out and are part of the lying, corrupt GOP. Women will rise 2018, but not u.
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
just out of curiosity... did judge Garland not embody the same characteristics? #hypocrite
you're really on my last nerve. Afraid to show your face in Portland? We'd love a sit down with you. #persist
Do you ever read your Twitter feed? We are catching on to you. Your disgusting hypocracy is too much. Resign.
so was Merrick Garland: did you even give him the courtesy of an interview?  Many R Senators did not.
2/2 You've lost my respect, Senator. Worse, you've lost my vote.
Maine is a liberal state. Garland represents our values better. But you didn't give him a chance. 1/2
so is Garland and he has been waiting a long time for Congress to confirm him !
Garland a proven moderate. Gorsuch ultra conservative Choose Rep party? choose our Country?
But still, and you know it too, this seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
what about Merrick Garland? Why didn't you do more to force a hearing for him? #hack
no way trump is gonna make it a full year without being impeached !!  You can't elect a SCJ in a lame duck session
so he is very unlike any of Trump's prior nominees including your BFF Sessions
- Who can believe you after you voted for Sessions, a man of no integrity. You have lost my vote forever.  Retire!
8 justices were OK for Rs for a year. I think we should wait for the next election so the majority of voters have a say.
Do you even notice that NOBODY is happy with you right now? And yes,  I live and vote in Maine.
Scalia died a year ago
so was Garland,  I don't recall you standing up to meet with him
unless you're black
Can you say the same of the potus? Truly curious
This is a seat that is being stolen from Garland. After Garland is seated we can discuss Gorsuch
another hater!  Keep supporting them. You're doing a great job.  #shameoncollins
True but will he help screw over half the country?
I hope whoever manages this account makes sure the senator sees these tweets. I voted for you TWICE. Never again. #pissed
Quite frankly, I don't want to hear anymore about "integrity" from you. You sold us out.
That he would accept the nomination after you refused to act on Garland tells us what we need to know about his integrity
In many respects I agree. What if the Hobby Lobby decision?
i agree. But Merrick Garland is too. And @GOP obstruction of @POTUS44 kept him from proving this. #GOPOBSTRUCTION
And a deep, juvenile love of fascism. Glad you get along so well.
Who wants to take away Roe V Wade, allow corps. to be people to further deny LGBTQ pple rights & take away b.c for women
too bad your actions of late show that you do not hold the integrity of your office in the same esteem.
Integrity lost when putting Devos through knowing full well that Senate would confirm. Sessions and Warren just icing on top
Gorsuch biggest hurdle is Trump. Will the Judge give weight to rights of the individual over concerns of the corporation?
you too are a class act
This is quite disappointing.
remember Garland? Remember the way Rs derailed Supreme Court nomination process? Are you proud of that?
.@SenatorCollins Why did you vote to silence @SenWarren?
 Why did you vote for  Sessions when you'd you wouldn't?
Do you approve of racism?
"Facists First" is just what I think of when I hear SCOTUS. That's what you're saying there?  Stop shitting on ME except BIW
BIW lost some big contracts lately, so I wonder what she has been doing other than completely selling out #Maine
I'd think I'd DJT wants to build the navy up again, that's the buttt she's sniffing at.
Are you proud of your actions? Silencing a senator and shuffling through Devos and Sessions? I'm ashamed of you.
If so, he probably chastised you for enabling McConnell's Rule 19 folly.
So is Garland.
you've lost all credibility! Voted to shut up a woman senator, and nothing when the men read the same letter! Disgrace!
you voted to shut up a fellow woman! Omg senator. Telling her to shut up was telling all women to shut up
Integrity? He won't do well with TicTac DonnieTrump and his nonsense.
he would tell you you can't marry who you want. he would tell you you can't terminate a life-threatening pregnancy.
but of course, he would also let big businesses and wealthy donors contribute to your campaign so you don't mind huh?
Says the person who voted for @SenatorSessions and to shut @SenWarren up! You're not a credible source. #nocollins
