How, Senator?? For 8 years, his sole purpose was to create obstruction.
Sen Collins is being an adult here. If one is attacked, all are attacked. I agree w u, Geri, but the Senator needs to speak up.
@SenatorCollins, this is a false statement and only hurts ur credibility. McConnell has done nothing but obstruct 4 8yrs and refuses bipart
He's no better than Trump and anything negative coming at him is well deserved. It's called KARMA.
Mueller dream team!!!  Bahahahahaha it is time to wake up!!! Nothing there!!!
Cuz Mueller's hiring prosecutors left and right for "nothing" And Trump is freaking out over "nothing" U have a long way to fall
Hiring left and right cause they can't find nothing!!!  Desperate!!!  Looks like it is going to flip on the democrats!!!  that will be funny
How is he racist again?  I missed that!!!
yeah cuz supporting NAZIS and White supremacists isn't racist.  or calling Mexicans rapists and drug dealers all Muslims terrorists. 
Letters like this cause anxiety. We pay much more for less w/o access to our doctors.  Put yourself in our shoes.  Deliberate faster, pls
When r u & @SenateMajLdr up 4 reelection?  We'll C if either of u continue 2 enjoy tht "broad support" among ur base (whom u both r failing)
He doesn't get the vote from you when necessary. Nice job though trying to excuse yourself as diverse. I've got another word for you.
the irony is you make the best case for a Democratic Party majority here .. thanks  Trump makes best case for electing Joe Kennedy
Yessssss!
Trump sending his minions after #McConnell here reminds me of when he sent his goons 2 scare off that Scottish pig farmer who wouldn't sell
Nobody sent me! I'm sick of the garbage in @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems they don't work n finally someone on r side
so you're just plain ol fashioned stupid then huh?.. thnx 4 sharing
Caucus support means nothing. You nor Mitch have the support of the American People. You're both traitors. #DitchMitch #VoteCollinsOut #MAGA
He is despised by the citizens.
McConnell's treatment of Obama from 2008 through Garland nomination set the table for the current Insane Clown President.
Anti-#Trump #Republican #SusanCollins Just Got Some VERY BAD NEWS!

http://truthfeed.com/anti-trump-republican-susan-collins-just-got-some-very-bad-news/100480/ …

hasta la vista

#DrainTheSewer
#DrainTheSwamp
BYE-BYE She deserves it. People see who these do nothing Senators are. Vote her out !!!
That's part of the problem - there's still a lot of swamp to drain.
Shame on Maine for excreting this into our government.
Mitch might have strong support, you on the other hand are a closet democrat stabbing the GOP in the back. AHCA
He hasn't gotten anything done!
McConnell and Ryan are not working to help Trump make changes in Washington that voters voted for. Obstructing our agenda! Shame on them.
McConnell needs to go. He doesn't have the support of the American people. He broke his promises. Still no Obamacare repeal. Failure!
I am disappointed in your role in the Senate.Treason is defined as the crime of betraying one's country. You are a problem no re-election !!
You betrayed American ppl.  Nothing left to be said.

McConnell doesn't enjoy broad support in the US. Neither do you as of yesterday. We the people are tired of the SWAMP. #DrainTheSwamp
He shouldn't.  He doesn't stand behind anything and only looks to further his own agenda.
thank you for being a strong voice for the people of Maine!
McConnell does his work in secret, then tries to bully people to vote for something they haven't read. He is an obstructionist.
But call him out when he betrays his responsibility to ensure justice for all people. He has not been doing so. Act as Margaret Chase Smith!
What a cop out.
Susan you are not a conservative and not a patriot
McConnell has caused this charade beginning with stonewalling Obama on day one. Your Caucus is a deliberate perverse Circus
He does NOT enjoy broad support from the citizens who saw his reprehensible behavior regarding healthcare.
Well as long as you and McConnell keep your power and privilege, everything will be good....for you. Screw the people.
He understands nothing of the sort. He was the very architect of the blanket obstructionism that lead to the dark monster in the White House
Of course that's not a surprise coming from you who doesn't ever seem to remember what party she belongs to.
time for you to step down, you will be voted out.
except when he needs your vote.
You're deliberative alright. Deliberately lying, and deliberately betraying America,
And your point is??????
You’ve promised repeal for 7 years and delivered nothing.
He doesn't have broad support outside of Senate. He and you and his **support** is why we voted for Trump. We are sick of it. GET TO WORK.
Retire
Maybe that is part of the problem in DC and the get nothing done group. Have hearings and meetings but no action
Definitely! They had 7 years to come up with a plan. They simply must not want it done.Tired of their excuses. Vote them out! Cut their pay!
YOU'VE HAD 7 YEARS LADY! WHAT'S YOUR EXCUSE? DIVERSITY? GIVE US A BREAK! REPEAL & REPLACE OBAMACARE NOW!
He needs to go along with you.
Patently false, Sen. Collins. McConnell pushes vicious policies - what he engineered for Merritt garland is unprecedented
He is the most cynical of  politicians. C'mon You know better
Is that how your constituents feel?  That's why you are there! 
 @SenatorCollins
McConnell refused to "deliberate" on creating a health care plan. Instead used non-diverse all male group. How is that true to the Senate?
To bad the American people don't havr the same opinion or support.
Count this your last term in office.
Too bad he enjoys little support from the people of the United States.
Chuck Schumer and his cronies are doing nothing but obstructing now what is the difference
Why don't you just move over to the Democratic side until your election comes up then you can go home and stay you closet liberal
The only support McConnell has is among RINO's. Oust All RINO's Now.  #termlimitsnow #oustRINOs
You must be even braver. All of this grotesque corruption must stop. The Senate must impeach &establish new leadership. TheUS is in trouble.
Old croaking Susie has more B.S. to share.

senator, we're fed up with all the lying and back stabbing. Time to poop or get off the pot.
America hopes this is your last run. A great opportunity, politicians to stupid to get job done. Obstructionist to Prez.
He is a traitor to the promise that he made to the American people, and so are you if you support him!
Then you are all liars and need to go!!!
Of course. one #EstablishmentHack #RINO supporting another...makes PERFECT sense!!!
WE look fwd to #2018Primaries & #2020Primaries! #MAGA
ur 2 blame for this mess. Repubs had 7 years 2 come up w/ a plan & we got 0!! Ashamed of u & rest of rinos.
but not by real hard working tax paying Americans who want results.
He doesn't enjoy the same "broad support" from the nation. Shouldn't our govt reflect that?
Anti-Trump Republican Susan Collins Just Got Some VERY BAD NEWS!
Sen. Susan Collins Increasingly Unpopular for Vote Against Obamacare Repeal
You are both failures. Change won't happen in Washington until politicians get paid minimum wage and have government healthcare.
you need to retire you are a traitor
debate=DO NOTHING!  More lies to the American people - YOU SERVE !!!!!
ALL of you RINOs need to be replaced with REAL CONSERVATIVES. I hope you lose your next primary, ma'am. Time to retire.
@SenCollins Knows exactly who this man is. Don't let her fool you.

You are doomed. Better get busy. YOUR OUT!
I don't think his broad base of support in Senate will be enough votes to reelect him. Primary his ass, along with the other spineless ones!
you will be voted out if you don't repeal and replace Obamacare like you said you would!!!
From one of the most unrepresentative Senators in the body - betraying her party and country daily.
.@SenatorCollins  While you support broad support by Democrat Teachers Union, Planned Parenthood and Democrats.
you're a joke
The broad support u Repubss are going to get if u don't START DOING ur blame jobs, is called NONE! You'll b out of office!
He doesn't enjoy broad support from the people!  Nor do you.
Yet again you are selling out the American people to support a party who doesn't care.
You are such a RINO liberal a** kisser that you are on the block to get trampled by we the people!
Where is your condemnation of Trump's refusal to denounce white pride domestic terrorists?
Which explains why Senators who ran promising to repeal ObamaCare voted against repeal.
but does he understand the American People not just the Senators that's what counts !!!!!!!!!!!!
You are not planning on voting with Republicans on anything, are you? Foe a Republican woman, you sure are weak.
All he cares about is his party winning, not the people, not the people of Maine. If you support him, this Mainer won't support you.
BOLOGNA
Then stop lying to the people and campaigning on repealing Obamacare. You're a fraud.
8 year, u had 8 years.  Better get it done before 2018 or u will be one of the reasons your friends will NOT be back maybe even u. Election
Senator, saddened that you haven't tweeted on UVA. Time to leave the GOP, caucus with the Dems, oppose Trump and stand up for America.
@SenSchumer It is time to invite thinking and patriotic GOP senators to join the Democratic Party to save America from Trump and far right.
no - just a socialist in disguise - as are you!
By writing bills in secret and forcing last second votes McConnell has stolen my right to be represented fairly by my Senators.
You are a disgrace to the party in which you say you represent.  START SUPPORTING POTUS OR GET OUT!
Do ur job support your president !
Who cares what your Caucas thinks? You guys represent US, and the vast majority of We the People think @SenateMajLdr needs to RESIGN.
Oh how I wish I could vote against you in the primary.
Just do what you've been told to do by your constituents.
#MAGA
this is grotesque
FACT: Trump & his racist administration have over & over again dog whistled & reached out to, and invited in, white supremacists. 
America doesn' t need a pro-abort Obamacare supporter. Resign please.  If it's not a baby, then you ate not pregnant. Leave.
If it's not a baby, then you are not pregnant.
what you all fail to realize, is none of you enjoy broad support from Americans anymore. #Traitors
Well just maybe none of you will get our vote again. You've had 7 years to plan. I'm a republican. Shame on all of you
do your job instead of lining your  money and bribes from Corporations defend America not your pocket
- are you part of the swamp too??
#Traitors u r! Pathetic! #ResignNow Ur state will vote U out!
But do YOU understand that white supremacist terrorism needs to be condemned forcefully and immediately? #Charlottesville
You can be sure that you will never be reelected in the state of Maine the people will speak on Election Day. GOOD-BYE  HAPPY RETIREMENT
Collins is FINISHED.  America will take back our country from the elite in there ivory towers. Patriots rise up 
Just like you right No you all do not understand anything You keep driving straight when your navigator tells you to make a u-turn  LISTEN!
aren"t you there for the American people ?  Or for each other?  ACA is not working, do something
I hope you are voted out of office. Too many Americans are seriously hurting on Obamacare
You are so right, as usual.
U and he share the same thing.  Being RINO's.   I and Mitch should leave!
you, McConnell, McCain and the rest are the very reason we need term limits. Go home!
Senator Collins, are you sure you are in the right party for your views on policy?  I have to question your position.
People who have elected you are suffering and you're concerned about your personal love fests. You will soon see. Traitors.
How can you respect his refusal to hold hearings on the Garland nomination?
How can you respect a man whose stated priority under Obama was denying him a second term?
How can 13 White men writing health care demonstrate a commitment to diversity?
Please tell every person in your  caucus their  word is worthless!
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/ok-now-i-am-back …
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/ok-now-i-am-back …
Senator Collins, you've had 7 YEARS to repeal and replace. Stop making excuses. If you can't do it, then resign. Stop blaming Trump.
Is this sarcasm?
Senator collins,  health insurance S/B like car, life , eye , and dental insurance. It be will cover only what is needed or desired by each
You have a caucus of three.
Why have you done nothing to fix this despite words, in 7 years. Do any of you have a backbone or a brain?
You are a traitor; promising to re-do healthcare and then reneging. No one should vote for you next go-round.
Before the KKK marches down the streets of South Paris again, please do all you can for our diverse country.
Do your job Ms. Collins. Stop obstructing.
How does it feel to always support failure. Mcconnell has done nothing. Change leadership
Even for stonewalling a legit SC nominee for no good reason? Susan.
This is what happens when you believe the BS liberal media and cater to it YOU GET BURNED.. BYE SUSAN
The only thing you and Mitch care about is keeping your.job.  neither of you are guided by principals. Glad you are not my Senator.
You are a leader. Come out and denounce what is going on right now in VA
I wonder if that's the answer you'll lean on when it's time for re-election? The american people will not forget this.
You are an embarrassment
Senator,
He enjoys broad support in "your caucus.
It seems you guys have each other's backs. What about the backs of the people?
you fools dont get it and will not be reelected. you work for us and not the establishment
McConnell attackedTrump because he could not deliver what Repubs promised.  Collins etc etc
You don't have support with voters
You let the country down!
There is a coalition forming to raise money across the country to get you out of office. I would be quiet if I were you!
That's too bad because he is an elitist, people hating, greedy rich white guy. That he enjoys your support is troubling
Nursing Home Time Old Lady. You never could do YOUR JOB, go to your nursing home today. Wake Up it's all over for you
Try doing your job imstead of undermining the President.
But you don't have broad support from the voters.  Neither does Mitch.   Voters expect better from gov.
Get to work
White supremacy has infiltrated the @GOP & the WH. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump MUST fire @SteveKBannon & @SebGorka. NOW! @GOPChairwoman @VP
Senator McConnell is a divisive and destructive force in American govt. proceedings.  He has stood by 45 all the way. Then gets bullied.
THOSE SUPPORTING ARE CARD CARRYING MEMBERS OF THE SWAMP AND NEED TO BE REMOVED...
Recognize need for "team effort", there is very critical 'need' to stop posturing & work toward positives-no more excuses
And we understand that you should leave office and let someone with an IQ greater than that of a can of spam take your place
Why don't you deliberate with McConnell about retirement. You both are out of touch! You are so out of touch you can't even join the Dems
you in the @gop better remember that WE THE PEOPLE voted for Trump and if you go against it...bye bye
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the loud thump your poll numbers are making as they bottom out.  Can you speak up.  
your caucus until you are not re-elected.
...which is why millions of Americans can no longer afford health care. Shame on you for the misery you've caused.
@ReaganBattalion
B.S. Do your job. Get on board w our POTUS or We WILL vote you OUT.
just change to Dem party already- you are now an OBSTACLE to change-a resister- NOT WHAT WE VOTED FOR #2018 #2020 OUT U GO
--You and your cohorts need to support our President! you are overpaid and over vacationed!!!!!!!
So what is your Health Care plan you have been voting for the last 7 years??? You all are an embarrassment to the Republican Party
Start a "CWVR" (Civil War Civil Rights) historical museum system, build small buildings around the monuments, create mini history museums.
Hard to believe. He's only acted with spite.
I don't know if I would necessarily call the Senate "diverse". Certainly doesn't match the demographics of America.
This is ironic. @SenatorCollins voted against the leader's Obamacare repeal proposal.
If you are a Liberal he understands u perfectly !!
We will be rid of the RINOS that are up for re-election, vote them out
Will you say the same about the trumper?
You lied to get your current http://spot.You  are now branded a liar and will be out as soon as possible.Liar wants Govenor spot!NO!
which makes YOU part of the problems too !!  RINO
Senator Collins, we hope McConnell won't bend under Trumps pressure. Our nation wks bc our senate wks 2 change that is destructive
He and you do not "understand" the American people & no longer have our support. Term Limits & no Exemptions for your Healthcare! MAGA
And you are a disappointment, a RINO and a poster child for TERM LIMITS. #TERMLIMITS
