I'm waiting for you to swtich to the Democratic Party. At least then, you will be honest.
#soreloser #sourgrapes #sad #tantrump
You are so proud that you're destroying the Republican Party sad
Vote this lady out. She is a trader to her party and has basically said she's ok w/ Obamacare. DISGRACEFUL!!!!!!!!
25:4 TRUMP NO MORE! Any tax reform under TRUMP would be unwelcome. USE amendment 25 section 4 to remove him THEN start working on fixing it.
How about no more of you!
Oh come now. Surely there's room for other views, bev. Besides, trumps already on his way out. He is doing that part on his own.
AARP is backing Susan Collins AARP is a democratic organization
You should have voted against Obamacare, that would have brought about HUGE tax reform. #Repeal. Quit with the fake news CNN interview. LOL
Np trust in you.
first step to tax reform: #repealObamacare #FullRepeal.  oh, wait, you don't care about tax relief in real life.
Thank you for standing strong on healthcare 
She is. RINO, like McCain, both need to go.
Thank you for pursuing rational discourse about health care.
Why dont you start supporting our President!
OH ULL COME UP WITH A LIBERAL EXCUSE TO STOP THAT TOO -- BECAUSE U R A LIBERAL AND WE ALL KNOW IT.  DONT U HAVE PARKINSONS?  TIME TO LEAVE.
Don't cave on massive tax cuts after being so strong on the ACA. Tax cuts aren't always the answer.
You lied about Obamacare Repeal!
You have to go
Is that a mask you are wearing, no one would go in public with a face and voice like you have?
Why would anyone believe you wouldn't betray Americans on tax reform like you did for health care.  Repeal/replace GOP senators, cleah house
They should not trust you!
As a small business owner, my health insurance costs far outweigh my taxes, but you failed to fight for us. I will remember.
Drain the swamp you go first
It's always a pleasure!
Thank you!
Don't know why anybody would give credence to anything that come out of your lying mouth.
More lies.she has no intention to lower taxes because it would mean less to steal.shes a DISGUSTING HILLARY fan and we must get her out.
You have a mandate on healthcare and didn't deliver. You will fail on tax reform too!! Thanks for failing!
Thank you 
Get rid of #obamacare if you want to see job creation take off. You disgust me. #skinnyrepeal
Youll block that also...
WI out did you because of TRUMP that state got 15,0000 new jobs. look at your self what have you done.
thank you senator Collins for standing for the People in the healthcare debacle. You are a woman of priciple.
You even wear BLUE. LIAR.
Repeal it Senator!
Does that "R" after your name mean anything?
Great job with the NO vote! Here's a victory song for you to enjoy with your staff.
Once again, thank you for standing up for the 'little' people!!!!
time 2 get through this old fossil  out of the senate & have her stop living off the taxpayer
Thank you for your strength and commitment to the American people. You will be one of the heroes of this terrible Presidency.
But only the socialist, no capitalist or Patriots. I wonder, can a RINO win with no Republican votes?  Can your Ds put you over the top?
Very courageous
I'm expecting you'll vote with #Dems on tax reform #progressive #SenatorCollins
What about Usending wrong signal about our healthcare. We republicans are disappointed at you for not working together to repeal&replace OC
manage addiction problem, $ from reduction in corrections and law enforcement if repeal drug laws. Cost benefit analysis
You will vote against it anyway but I'm voting against you !
You'll just tell them what they want to hear and vote with the Democrats. No one takes you serious anymore, you're a traitor and liar.
♡♡♡ your NO on repeal ACA.
Tax cap gains as regular income; hedge funders pay same rate as others.
End tax inversions.
Level playing field.
And you just keep on fooling them Comrade Susan.
Thank you for your vote & your voice of reason. Dump 45 now.  It's time to stop his influence.
Thank you Senator
You can start by not using our tax dollars to fund Planned Parenthood ~ you are a disgrace!
Thank you for doing the right thing by voting no on that crap health care bill.
SHAME ON YOU!!! Voting down a change to repeal OBAMACARE #VoteOutCollins
Job creation after keeping Obamacare in place & hurting small businesses? You suck Collins.
Repealing Obamacare would help #SBAgov in an extreme way, but you are a hypocrite . You may be a factor in my death. Great representation!

Just can my monthly Lobster order because you want me to pay for lazy Maine's health care. Can't afford both.
Don't care!! REPEAL OBAMACARE
Go vote no
Please don't let those soulless individuals pressure you to give up your integrity. Your constituents need your strength!!!Women Power!!!
stay strong on healthcare no threats from admin should keep u from protecting your state
Did anyone ask you what your next job is going to be?
THANKYOU FOR GOING AGAINST OUR POTUS, WE WON'T FORGET
Vote this liberal out of office. 2018 can't get here fast enough
Thank you for standing up for Americans and voting against the repeal of the ACA. Please work in a bipartisan way to solve ACA problems.
Think about how much you could help small businesses by repealing obamacare.
Like!
Not interested in anything u have to say u Rino. Will contribute to any GOP candidate who runs against you.
@marklevinshow is so right with this Liberal Republican here: https://shar.es/1Tebix 
The greatest hoax http://fb.me/4Vwwetk2G 
The people of Maine are lucky to have you Susan Collins!
After @gop rip #healthcare from millions, those tax breaks for the 1% won't be enough to create jobs except for morticians.
PLEASE  SAY NO, RYAN WILL NOT STAND UP TO TRUMP
Wow.  You went to a meeting.  Impressive.  Taking a stand to help repeal Obamacare might have been better.  But this is nice too.
Love you and appreciate you. Thank you.
You're a hero to us all, Senator Collins. God bless. #SaveACA
Please vote no to skinny bill
Don't listen to the bullies. By voting "NO!" You are a hero to millions of Americans. STAY STRONG! We R With U
Switch parties!!
Hope you have your bags packed.
Thank heaven someone sees what an idiot Trump is. He's an embarrassment to the country and to the office he holds. Keep fighting!
Dont let "skinny repeal" pass.  Nothing more than opportunity for House bring back horrible bill.  Time to leave party become Independent.
Maine thx u, Senator Collins!
You know what else would help? Repealing the ACA.
So you think Blake Farenthold is unattractive huh? What about you, are you attractive?
Why did you vote no to healthcare insurance aid to low income people?
Job creation? We can't fill what we have! Need more college grads, higher pay. There's help wanted everywhere in Maine!
Focus on health care like the rest of us.  You are all over the place.

Yeah!
How can u possibly vote for a bill that effects 1/6 of our economy, and throw millions off healthcare and u don't even know what's in it?!?
Sick children need your support today. Right now. Vote no on "skinny repeal".
Oh yeah try voting for repeal and make it better instead of spending our tax dollars on welfare cases

Please vote No!
continue standing up against bully Trump...hang in there...your constituents don't live at the WH...fight for them...vote NO on "skinny"
Vote NO to "skinny"...this McConnell slight of hand that if you vote yes, then bill won't "really" pass is Nonsense...stand up vote NO
those people in the pics you've posted may have preexisting conditions or may need healthcare in the future...don't fail them...say NO again
Vote to gut Obamacare or get voted out of office! You are a republican obstructionist and traitor !
Where have you been for the last 20 years? DC? Pathetic.
Wow- clueless about the issue of the day.
Perhaps she has a conscience, a back bone and cares about her constituents.
Lol
Please vote no on skinny Please
65, work pt and owe $3000 in taxes to the Feds from my 2015 less than 37K earnings (for two). I can never repay that based on the interest.

