Did you announce that you are joining the Democrat party?
You are disappointing a lot of us who voted for Trumps agenda. Start supporting our POTUS or retire. I’m tired of you fake Republicans..
YOU didn't elect her. Her Maine constituents did. Senators work for their state not for the president nor parties. So shut up Shane
Stfu dumbass. They work for the government that effects all of us you moron.
They get voted by the residents of their state. You know that. Why can't a senator vote how he or she feels is best for state residents?
Oh, and I saw the show, loved it.
More.....blah blah blah from this problematic senator. She must go. Her ship has saled
And millions and millions appreciate that she tried to save their healthcare.
Hyperbole
Nothing but respect for you, Senator. Thank you for putting the people you serve above partisan politics.
So proud you represent us - always an independent voice of reason.
Congratulations to @KasieDC and a big thank you to @SenatorCollins for the courage to stay in the Senate.  We need you more than ever.
Congrulation Kasie on your new show. I love it and you are awesome 
On what planet r u a Republican?
You're a liberal. 2 more years of this crap
When are you going to appear on Tucker or Hannity?
Hannity is not real news. It’s propaganda and lies
It's good to see sane Republicans on TV.
KC?
Rino
Keep running to the side of your true party Democrat!
Glad you enjoyed your conv w/ Kasie! You're my favorite not-my-family Republican because you're so willing to work w/ all for all Americans!
sounds like you are more democrat then republican
Love you Sen Collins, and I'm a life long Dem!
Susan we appreciate you stopping Donald's mess.
Please don't vote for this tax plan
RINO gone
Senator you are just so nice! And the only senator who seems to actually READ the various healthcare bills. Thank you for your dilligence!
RINO!!!
No luncheon?
Stay off tv and get some work done
Interesting how all the traitor "Republican " senators go on #fakenews, like MSNBC, CNN & Morning Joe. We will root you all out next vote!
You’re no republican.
Couple of rinos...need run off
Please retire
Nobody cares what a RINO swamp dweller has to say
Susan, Gov. Nathan Deal and J. Comey are the only Republicans I respect.
BOUGHT AND PAID FOR TRAITORS!
RINO LOVER'S!

SEN. SUSAN COLLINS RINO!

LIAR!
TRAITOR!

TRAITORS!
TRAITORS!

