more than historical it is a deliberate extremist state that the POTUS CHOSE TO PUT OUT IN PUBLIC!
a historical mistake of epic proportions.
scary aren't they #TheResistance
agreed. And appointing Betsy Devos will cause irreparable harm. I urge you to vote NO. We are counting on you. #StopDeVos
agreed. Thank you for taking a strong stance on this and other important issues.
A strong stance? Seriously?
This is commenting on the icing of a really rotten cake
(hoping to reinforce positive behavior here and praying that together we #DumpDevos)
And who else would the Holicaust be referring to ?  You are a political hack for the opposition in this country
it's an intentional mistake, meant to cater to white supremacists. we need your voice senator. badly.
Thank you for voting no for DeVos.  Really terrible for the nation, but money talks
It wasn't a mistake, Senator. It was a symptom of anti-Semitism penetrating the White House. Speak out now or lose the party
DJT's daughter and SIL are Jewish.  Are you serious?
Yes, I am serious. Bannon. Kushner doesn't have much power. See Vanity Fair story on him and Ivanka.
I would not read Vanity Fair if Soros paid me!
That's rather beside the point.
No it isn't.  I stated a fact.  They are Jewish. And the fact I will not read Vanity Fair.
You stated that fact as if it countered anything. It doesn't. Bannon is anti-Semite and has key role in WH.
Also an historic mistake.
You have about a week to abandon ship and save whatever's left of your reputation. Jump now.
Well, that didn't work. She has sailed off on The Good Ship Authoritarian White Supremacist Kleptocracy.
It was intentional, in-line with Bannon's philosophy of anti-semitism. & please vote NO on #DeVos: unqualified+buying votes
I suspect it was intentional.

How can a Holocaust remembrance statement that is called a Holocaust remembrance statement omit them? Its about them.
I'm a JEW and as far as I know, YOU'RE NOT.  And it was NOT an HISTORICAL MISTAKE.  You're LIES will catch up to you.
I am so happy that you want to investigate President Donald Trump's tax returns for Russian connections. Thank you for that!
You giving praise to Sessions is a mistake.
WTF is your problem, @POTUS is trying to blur lines of division by saying ALL PEOPLE! Holocaust was reprehensible FOR ALL!
We know where your allegiance lies... You're a dual passport holder.
.@SenatorCollins Mistake is a nice word for it, but accuracy is more important: it was another shout-out to his alt-right fans.
Exactly. And one might also argue that historic would be a more appropriate word than historical.
BS
it was on purpose. see Bannon's  2016 documentary torchbearer thanks for speaking out
you do realize the person who wrote it is an orthodox Jew who has family members that were killed in the Holocaust.
thank you for speaking truth to power
Seems more than a mistake.
U R a coward. If u r so concerned go after Black Lives Matter and Keith Ellison who are anti semites.
thank you thank you. Omission was on purpose- Bannon omitted anti- semitism in his holocaust doc
Agree, but actions actually speak louder than hypocritical words. This Admin. supports Israel.
It wasn't a mistake. It's #SteveBannon making Holocaust denial US policy. Please defend the constitution while it exists.
Someone take POTUS to the library of congress, pull up a school chair, make him read the constitution
you mean "historic"
Especially since his son in law is jewish. One trip to holocaust museum for POTUS should affect him..but maybe not
Is a historical mistake? UR election was a historical mistake!
You never fought against obama and clinton the way you are President Trump, WHY?
@slone And your not voting for DeVos will also be one!
Historical Mistake? So was letting Zionist NeoCons push American @ForeignPolicy into War With Iraq. Costly Stupid unAmerican
you and patty being elected senators are the obviouse mistakes!
Yes the administration is a mistake, and the Republican Party's support of it is a mistake too #notmypresident
@sandralhanlon Takes one to know one Senator.
Vote her out she comes up for reelection again in 2020 don't endorse her she turn on us @GOPconvention
please untag me from this convo.
to put it mildly. VERY mildly actually. #WhiteSupremacists
I would follow you but you sold America out by not supporting Devoss,how much money did you get from teachers union fistull?
Thank you Senator Collins for standing with True American Values! We are proud.
@SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman @sengraham2016 @lisamurkowski  BEG u 2 demand TRMP taxreturns& invest Russia ties.WAY2 impeach
@POTUS very disappointed in senator Collins. Lost her newfound backbone already. Geez...
@realDonaldTrump @PressSec Sen., you are as lost as a golf ball in high weeds.
I really appreciate your tweet but their omission of Jews was fully intentional - please don't call it a mistake.
I see, you are a part of the "resistance". Being critical says it all. Diplomacy w/ look better on you.
:: His omission was deliberate.
@slone Except Collins is the hysterical mistake
Just a 'mistake', Senator?  You are far too kind to what was in fact a blatant example of deliberate anti-Semitism. Bannon did this.
#RINO
@slone Over thinking. He's obviously pro-Semitic.
@slone you're deranged Ms Collins. Get yourself out of the GOP now.
Another horrible republican needs to GO
@slone taking a bow to your masters?
.@SenatorCollins
.@seanhannity A better ?, is why no outrage o/@realDonaldTrump not showing ANY REMORSE at Prayer Breakfast for service man HE got KILLED 
Sen Collins you need to identify as a Liberal Democrat
Will be supporting your opponents next election
Turns out is was a deliberate mistake and on that level unforgiveable.
Amen.   Erasure is NOT "inclusion" as the administration representative claimed it was.That's Holocaust denial, revisionism.

Thanks for speaking out regardless of party affiliation. We are humans 1st. @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson
Oh, relax. Jesus Christ.
Yes it was! I'm afraid Trump Adm. is only getting worse. Now John McCain my Hero had to mop up with Australia too!
Hysterical also, and sad.
Millions of Non-Jews also slaughtered in the Holocaust as well. Poles, Gays, Roma-Gypsies, Jehovah Witnesses. Ever read??

needs to do a little reading on her understanding of the Holocaust...
http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/non-jewish-victims-of-the-holocaust …
but you'll support Hitler fan #DeVos ?
What about boycott of committee votes on cabinet candidates?  What's your position on that; no comment?
Thank you.
thank you for being a free thinker and your vote on Ms Devos
Benedict Arnold - that's you
so are you a Republican or Democrat?  Maybe an Independent??
POTUS IS CERTAINLY CLEAR ON SUPPORT FOR ISRAEL! Who are you trying to impress? Not this Republican!
No mistake, #wifeabuserBannon is an antisemite. @Reince is a denier as well. #sickening #HolocaustMemorialDay ##PutinsPuppet
This administration is a historical mistake.
yes, thank you, it was heartless but Bannon may have influenced that.
Our history including the breakfast for BHM is clouded by a self serving President.
I suggest you attack Black Lives Matter and Keith Ellison who are clearly Jew Haters instead of going after our President
Thank you.
no,he did it on the direction of Bannon.the "alt-right" or what we knew as skinhead white supremecists are the base now
what does this mean? Let's be clear. The omission was intentional pandering to the anti-Semitic & ultra right wing by #Trump
its implied that Jews were effected by the Holocaust you fool. The people of maine made a mistake electing you
you DARE to stand in the way of a wonderful pick for Education Secretary because your allegiance is to the NEA NOT Americans
ARE YOU BOUGHT AND PAID FOR BY THE NEA?
for a senator your grammar stinks
My grandparents stories are haunting me today thank you
Thank you for acknoweldging this.  How embarassing for us all!
Thank you for being a decent politician.
The latant white nationalism in the new Administration is truly frightening. Thank you for expecting more.
Thank you for being honest over being Republican
add the confirmation of @jeffsessions on the first day of #blackhistorymonth to the list and get a few more pages ready
you mean "a historical" not "an historical". That is a grammatical mistake. Maybe the new ed sec could learn you to spell
Thank you.  I fear that it was intentional and not a mistake.
don't let your personal sentiment get between your oath.
does it give one a good feeling being a traitor,??  What are they paying for votes these days?
Are YOU friggin kidding me?
give me a break!!!
@kindNotWeak2017 This Administration's omission of morals & ethics is a historical mistake. Thank u 4 voting right #noDeVos
trump had Zero respect 4 KHAN FAMILY. INSULTED THEM. TELL him 2 STOP using telepromptet
Thank you, Senator for speaking Truth to power Thank you for your vote!
And thank you for speaking up about the Jews who died in the Holocaust.
Remain united!!!!
You are ridiculous.The President's daughter is Jewish.We all know that he is very caring and very supportive of Jews
Thank you!
You are a money grubbing traitor!
It's ALSO incompetent BLUNDER.Sounds too much like BANNON is running  WhiteHouse.We are NOT White Supremacists/Nationalists
like Obama never said terrorist! Islam, Muslims etc?  They have referred the same here in USA calling it 9/11. We know!
That's correct. It was a simple mistake. Bringing up stuff like this over and over again reminds me of the Dems.
Agreed! It says a lot that they refused to retract. Thanks for standing up. #principlesnotpolitics
my good friend who is Jewish explained this day is for everyone killed in the Holocaust. April is just for Jews killed.
I guess the omission got lost on people like you with IQ's below 100. The rest of us knew what it was about.
'a' horrible mistake
Thank you so much 
after the previous adm. I hardly think this oversight was that damaging...you're being devisive Need unity
Thank you, Senator Collins. (@PrevGenocide)
thank you for speaking out and for your opposition here and to devos.
Get a life
It was no mistake.
Isn't just about everything Trump does a "historical mistake".  In the words of my  late, Maine born dad "ayah"
This is why your party's been destroyed across country WAKE UP Obama did more to hurt Israel then all past POTUS combined
Thank you Senator. Stand up for All Americans.
But you supported Obama abstaining the Un vote against Israel where were you when he gave PLO 221 mil  last hours in office
When did Obama care about Jewish people. This administration is the only friend Israel has in this world...did you forget
Thank you for standing on the right side of History. Your children-grandchildren will be proud of you.  From a BernieBro
You ar a horrible historical mistake. You voted for Obamacare.
so you only recognize the 6 million Jews and not the other 5 million who died?  Good to know.
Thanks for  showing you can do the right thing by not endorsing Devos. Reasonable republicans hold the real power.
Not from their lily white Alt Right prospective. If anyone doubts what they are doing, study Banning, a neo-Nazi supporter.
Thank you. Sadly, I believe it was a deliberate insult.
Thank you for speaking out!
thank you for saying this and for voting "no" on Betsy DeVos.
Thanks for speaking out. #neveragain We must acknowledge & learn from history which includes the loss of millions of Jews
Senator finds historical mistake in acknowledging all groups that suffered w/o singling out only Jews. Will @SenatorCollins clarify?
Trump doesn't write his own material. This not a mistake, designed by white supremacist/anarchist in the WH (Bannon).
And yours is an hysterical tweet.
thank you for opposing the immigration ban and just generally being a person of unusual integrity and common sense.
is against school choice for black children
Something black mothers are crying out for in violent neighborhoods
#DeVosvote
Ohhhhhhhh lookie here at @SenatorCollins 
Hey Collins, we just saved SCOTUS in SPITE of you NeverTrumpers.
Thanks for NOTHING.
Collins & Murkowski were backed by their local teachers union.  They vote for payback and not for the children
Not historical.  Abhorrent, yes. Abominable, yes. Indefensible, yes. Disgusting, yes. And very telling.
Thank you. In honor of my grandparents, thank you.
thank you for your common sense

Yes. Thank you.
Senator, you omitted a word, " The Administration's [intentional] omission ...."
Bravo. History will be kind to you and all other representatives who speak the truth and act accordingly.
The omission that Obama created the refugee problem and the million dead christians?
#TheWholeWorldWonders...
@Rebecca_Resists Senator Collins, thank you for saying this. I hope you hear our calls for justice and bravery. We need you.
not much resistance but a start.
Thank you. I genuinely fear the GOP has been taken over by anti-semitism c/o Bannon.
Mistake? It was no accident. Same day as #MuslimBan , also NOT an accident.
Of course it is.  It wasn't done without malicious intentions.  Gauleiter Bannon in action.
Betsy will ruin Public Education.  I'm a retired educator and we are fighting like crazy that she doesn't get confirmed.
Sorry 2 say most ppl think it's very purposeful & in line w/awful things the Trump folks r doing. #ConstitutionalCrisis
I don't agree with the ommission but I don't think it was a mistake. It was done on purpose.
they seem to be predisposed to historical mistakes. Please vote no on DeVos.
Please vote against Devos-America's children are counting on you! We need your sane moderate voice now more than EVER?
You have the support of millions of us in casting a NO vote on Devos. She is not clearly not appropriate or experienced.
please vote against Devos for Sec of Ed- not qualified and dishonest and not a champion of public ed
Thank you Sen. Collins!
not a mistake. This Nazi admin. is dedicated to the KKK and white supremacy. You should be an American first. Block Hitler.
tied now: insulting black folks by placing us all in "terrible neighborhoods" in "horrible inner cities" w/"crime and stuff"
@RoguePOTUSStaff @SenatorCollins 
The first day of #BlackHistoryMonth & #PeeOTUS yet to go near @NMAAHC
so very predictably offensive.
it wasn't a mistake, it was quite intentional, that's what happens when you have neo-Nazis in the White House.
And so what? Where's your outrage? Stand up for something for God's sake!
As is your refusing to vote no on DeVos. #HistoricalMistake
What say you on #DeVosvote ? Party line or integrity?
Don't hear you criticizing much else. Bannon on Security? Firing AG for doing job? Russia investigation? SCOTUS?
please vote NO on #BetsyDeVos She is absolutely unqualified and will not support public schools!
It's not a mistake Senator. It's a deliberate act of aggression.
Thank you for speaking your mind. We need more Senators like you.
Your party has become the new Nazi party & you are apparently cool with that.
Vote No on DeVos, Sessions, and Gorsuch to protect all Americans! They do not represent the best we have to offer!
WHY is Steve Bannon Running the White House?
that won't be the last mistake if you put Devos in charge of education. #notoDeVos
no it was on purpose. historically speaking, it will be remembered as potus being a white natl w white nat'l advisor!
called your office yesterday/today - busy signal-please be who we know you are! Oppose DeVos+Tillerson!
and why do you think it is a mistake?
every child in this country deserves an experienced, knowledgeable leader. Vote no on DeVos.
I really though you had some sense about you. It just shows that you value money over children.
I retract my previous statement. I am glad you have listened to our voices!
