U keep up ur good work! You're in the wrong party. I told you u get to much flak we'l/I'lll take you anytime.
I'll drink to THAT!  Sen. Collins is NOT conservative!  She should run as the Democrat she is!
FRAUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jeez... do you think about what you're saying?
What does Susan really think when she thinks no one is listening.
GOP  murder by legislation 
#SaveACA could have been fixed

Cutting #Medicaid while giving the military  $700B is evil
So you want me to go to war with not enough equipment ? Clearly you've never served
Fund it with ur own taxes...not the other 49's.
Sure hope they are "legal" here in the USA
Don't think yoy won't suffer consequences! No money for our state or bennies!  Bad decision that will affect us not you!
Susan Collins needs to be voted out of office- she is an obstructionist!!

Lies lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more lies more TRAITOR
This one has got to GO. She's one of the biggest obstructionists in the Senate. She runs as Republican but votes like a Dem. Vote her OUT
She knows the RNC has more cash on election day. Please flip to democrat Susan Collins
Stay strong and thank you and Sen. Murkowski @lisamurkowski
I dont see any minorities in this group.  No wonder you vote with the democrats.  You give the minorities welfare and minorities the jobs.
Thank you, Senator... the parable of the Good Samaritan must not be forgotten nor discarded.
Are the homeless you are referring to US citizens?  Just wondering
Liar Liar, pantsuit on  fire
You need to change your political stance NOW! You are NOT a conservative and will be voted out like the Democrip you are!
Shame on collins.
Vote YES to repeal #ACA
Only rich white people live in Maine. Susan Collins is in make believe land
BTW, you are unattractive.
What about the Socialist position you have on Obamacare?  This Horrific Bill needs to be REPEALED!  We need Govt OUT of healthcare!
Thanks so much for yur concern about the homeless and other social issues. You are doing a great job! We all support you!
I noticed you made the fat one sit down at the end of the table. How can you stand being photographed with so many unattractive people?
Thank You!!! Who knew the only balls in the GOP belonged to the women?

#wealthcare
Yet she didnt wnt to debate our healthcare problem but rather good a making fun of fat people.
She is a liar.
keep it up! Don't let bully republican men threaten your principles to protect Americans. Women who rock!
Rocking wrong.
please tell me what makes it better? Better for Americans?
You are NOT supporting our President! You will lose your next election.

GOP Senators and House Members: look at Jeff Sessions. He is under the Trump bus. There is plenty of room for you too.  2018.
#SHeroNEEDEDNOW U R safe til 2020. #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut #SaveOurRuralHospitals
Thank you for being a HEALTHCARE HERO and voting NO on repeal!  Please convince your colleagues to do the same. Women must be involved too!!
Listen to her anti Obama Care speech. She's a liar and fraud. Just wanted your vote
Republicans were elected to Repeal.
Listening to D who would never cast a vote for you is a good way to lose your seat
Stay strong! Repealing the ACA will only harm hard working Mainers and Americans. Please vote NO and get @lisamurkowski @SenCapito on board!
vote no lets put the committees to work on a plan there is no bill to cover health that is coming from gop men. Stand up
I wish I could support you with a vote but it's impossible from NJ.  You're a wonderful Senator.
KEEP YOUR PROMISE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE!!  you ran on it and voters put you there to do it!
Please remember John McCain's tumor would not have been found without a routine exam Please do the right thing today!
Loving our new comrade - Thank you @SenatorCollins @Mepolitics for sitting down with the DNC members and ignoring your constituents.
The country is counting on you, vote NO #VoteNoMTP
She is in the wrong party.
Just give five and five more free stuff that's what DEMs do. Stop looking to Governor race and vote to Repeal.
Put people to work! Stop constantly throwing funds, taxpayer money, at everything!
We shouldn't have to beg for our lives. This bill is disgraceful and I hope you remain standing strong against it
What a disgrace at the Boy Scouts of America rally. Show people you care and vote NO today.
I expect history to judge the ones who stood with Trump against American interests. You ladies will keep your healthcare. Vote No on Repeal.
Stay strong, Senator.
Stay strong vote NO.  Proud that it is women standing up to a bully.
Can you just spare us all the drama and switch your party already.. Dems can have you, stop being a RINO.. stop pretending you r GOP.
Trump was not chosen by God I was and I live and breathe.
I don't need any thing in return. I just want to help
If u care 4 ur constituents, PLEASE #VoteNoTrumpcare !The future is female & stand your ground to say no to the pathway 2 killing thousands!
What ME needs is a bustling economy & Tax Reform so that the people of ME can give more to the poor, the govt. can't do it all! Go Trump!!!!
how about a healthcare update, you owe this to the American people.  Please do your job
Thank you for standing up for the American ppl.  Pls stay strong & continue to do right by the ppl u serve tmrw!
Please vote no on the MTP.  Go back to the drawing board and work on a long-lasting bipartisan solution.  Thank you!
Please Do the right thing on the health care bill and vote it down! Your constituents deserve it & you know it.  Don't let GOP bully you!
Please vote NO tomorrow !!! Don't help Trump kill MILLIONS !!
How could you possibly vote on something hidden, that you haven't even reviewed and with so many lives at stake? Please #VoteNoToTrumpCare
hold your ground.  Honor & integrity vote No repeal. Woman all across America are with you and support U against this Bully
Please think of average citizens of The Great State Of Maine in John McCains shoes.Pray for him by voting to KEEP GOOD OCARE
We are gonna primary all of you traitors out!! Time for patriots to take over!!
Please stand firm - for all the Americans who will lose their life if this new secretive healthcare law goes through!
So glad to see you focused on those in need. Keep up the fight. Vote no on healthcare plan for these folks.
Vote NO on health care bill.

What Trump just did before the Boy Scouts of America encouraging them to Boo a former Boy Scout is what FILTH does. GOP OWNS this.
Do NOT vote for a repeal tomorrow!!!! Please!
Senator,since you will not vote to repeal Obamacare,what do you propose? Of course you know that millions of Americans paying the bill, ask.

.@SenatorCollins: Dr. Daniel Summers @WFKARS knows how critical Medicaid is for Maine’s children. #KeepKidsCovered 
Please Senator Collins, we're counting on you tomorrow. Please work repair ACA not repeal and replace
Please stay strong and vote NO tomorrow #Neverthelessshepersisted
Please stand for DECENCY. NO HEALTHCARE ACA REPEAL
Please continue to stand up for the people  most of  gop put party before country  now they r doing it against your own what a disgrace
Hold out for a bipartisan solution to healthcare. My friend's life was saved by ACA; millions of are looking to you as. Voice of reason
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!! Dont be a liar
Thank you for your courage and strength.  I hope you will again vote no on the healthcare bill that would hurt so many. Help fix the ACA!
Stay strong! Protect the health care of millions!
https://twitter.com/imillhiser/status/889664780084137986 …
No on Obamacare repeal.NO!
Please show us tomorrow that a woman won't be intimidated by a bully.
Amen to that.
Think about it. Who is in the streets defending #trumpcare ? How could they be anyway. It's a complete mystery. Think about THAT.
Please continue to put people before politics. Vote NO on #ACA repeal - your constituents are counting on you!
Please continue to vote NO!!
vote no tomorrow.
Thank you for respecting the fact that people's lives are at stake!  Please vote no on ACA repeal.
Please Senator Collins, the future lives of people are in your hands with your vote. Please put people lives above political party.
Thank you Susan. History will be your friend when you show the strength you have against this dangerous bill.
Please, Please, Please, STAND YOUR GROUND!!!!VOTE NO PLEASE!!!
Please continue to protect us here in ME and vote no as you said you would ! People over party
You blank hypocrite and hypocrisy, the lie, is the sister of evil, intolerance & cruelty.  You've voted 60xs for the repeal of OBCare Shame!
Thank you for putting our nation's vulnerable above party politics. We salute you.
@LisaForSenate Thank you for voting NO tomorrow and working toward a bill that protects women and ALL Americans.
Glad you are my senator. You are currently one of the few that put your constituents' best interests ahead of party politics. Thank you.
Please stand your ground and vote no on this horrific healthcare bill. We deserve officials who put our country before party.
You need to be a team player and not a maverick/obstructionist. If not you will own Obamacare which is unconscionable and unacceptable.
Healthcare very important don't let Other Senators box you in stay strong ! Fight for real ppl
You are what is Right with America!!! Keep caring for people!  You give me hope for the GOP!
You will be responsible for prolonging failed Obamacare. Vote tomorrow to allow a debate of the repeal/replacement of Obamacare
You need to have a serious talk with Ben Carson...he thinks  people are poor and homeless because they want to be that way
Apparently Mr. Carson isn't poor or homeless.
What about homeless dogs and their human companions?
Please stay strong Senator, I implore you. Please vote NO.
Unleash economy! Do corp/ small business tax cut to 15%. JOBS and housing will bloom!! Repeal DEAD ACA!
Why would anyone take advice from this idiot?
It can get worse.
Meet @farenthold, married congressman who challenged women Sens to a Aaron Burr-style duel & thinks AK, WV r in Northeast 
The homeless and #disabled need #Medicaid. Please vote NO.
U will lose your seat if you do not Vote to repeal Obamacare. You voted for repeal before but now you are betraying your own party. 
#Repeal
Y can't we legislate 4 people, not corporations? ACA needs adjustments, not repeal. If we can regulate utilities, we can regulate healthcare
Please Repeal OBAMACARE for it is destroying the Middle Class!
Do the right thing and vote for John McCain so he doesn't have to travel. Please stop being a democrat obstructionist!
Do the right thing for the people of Maine.  Vote no on repeal and no on replace.
Thank you for pitting the American people before voting with party.
That's nice. Now quit screwing around with people's health. Enough with this crap. Work w/ Dems to fix ACA. OR YOU *WILL* LOSE THE MAJORITY.
You're wonderful, Senator!
VOTE YES ON ACA/OBAMACARE REPEAL. ITS WHY YOU WERE ELECTED.
Get out of my party! Go to the Democrat losers where you belong.
I work w the homeless - they absolutely rely on Medicaid & it's only way keep them stably housed, esp elderly, pls help keep this possible!
PLEASE hold the line. It is so very important. I witnessed people crying at a nursing home-so afraid of what's to come.
You voted for repeal in the past.   Step up and do it again.
Bet Trump supporters know how to REPEAL & REPLACE!  JUST WATCH!  WE KNOW HOW TO GET THINGS DONE AND IT WILL HAPPEN!
No monies for Senator Collons shes a traitor
Really, SAD!!!...She is trying to find a way to have health insurance for everyone ...Just sad...please...research...please...
Give me a break!  What you really mean is lets hand out Medicaid to all the lazy asses who suck off the working class!
Thank you for your courage and strength. You are on the right side of history. God bless.
You've inspired me to campaign against anything you run for next in Maine.
So we can rely on your help,  right?  #SinglePayer  would be a great start.  And  you now understand the #HousingFirst  model?
Thank you Senator Susan Collins for your courage and standing up for us unlike @realDonaldTrump. We love you Senator Collins!!!
Please vote NO on ACA repeal - let's fix it, but no repeal...the people are counting on your voice, for us. Thanks so much!

Dr. Pursley says cuts to Medicaid could be the largest threat facing our children that he’s seen in his 30 years on the job: 
Please continue to be a leader with HCR; standing up to @SenateMajLdr and other GOP.  We thank you for your leadership thus far.
All these democrats shouting your support! Your a Repub Senator, support your party or run as a Democrat. We need your support to pass HCare
Thank you for being a leader! Please vote no on repeal and no on replacement. It will hurt millions upon millions. Must hold out for better!
This is so funny. What about the millions who hold HC cards but have $5-$10k deductibles? They avoid doctors like the plague!
I have a high deductible but I go to the doctor when I need to. Basically I'm very healthy. Thank God for the ACA!
It's down to one plan, it's the worst. I had great insurance & low costs before it came. Obummercare for sure!
I won't be repealed and it won't be replaced they don't have the votes ha ha!
Well not this traitor senator who won't be reelected but they'll get the vote from someone else like Rand Paul.McCain will be back this week
Laugh my ass off! Susan is doing exactly what her constituents want. That's why she's doing it!
Her constituents are Republican. Dems certainly didn't vote her in.
As lifelong DEM, I applaud Sen Collins and her concern for the American people! Unlike most GOP, she admits to horror of GOP HC plan.
don't be #complicit with the WH & your GOP colleagues...don't allow Trump to bully you...vote NO on repeal...improve the ACA...don't be Ryan
fake news @WCSH6
Many have lost and are losing their options, many can't afford the premiums & Deductibles ..  
KEEP YOUR PROMISE to REPEAL OBAMACARE!!

We need to fix the ACA. Stand strong senator. Don't waver now.
Thanks for not allowing trump care to go forward.  Keep your team together and say no trump care.
Please vote ur conscience and put people over party and vote no on TrumpDontCare! Thanks
Please vote to debate Senate health billl !!!!!
You gave your word...Repeal and Replace. I lost Insurance,my wife's went from 330 to $1,000.00 after tax dollars. REPEAL
get ur act together #RepealAndReplace  #Obamacare #healthcare  #mepolitics
Please vote against the repeal of the ACA. Lives depend on it.
Another Government program. Get the healthcare fixed. Follow through on promises or get voted out. Independent Americans to replace you all
I'm not a republican. Still, I so respect your love of the country and the people. You have the courage to stand up even when it's unpopular
You need to represent the people and be willing to get something done on health care & work with This President! You should use Obamacare.
Please continue to standby ur no vote on Trump-Ryan-McConnel-care legislation. Wrong 4 America, 4 women, 4 the poor, 4 our HC system!
Maine is so fortunate to have you!!  I may move there!
I am so happy you are resolved to vote against MTP on #Trumpcare and focus on other important issues without being sidetracked.
Get it right!  It's not Trump are its FAKE RINO CARE!  Trump didn't author the bill thats supposed to be Congress job!  #CongressLies
You're a Jekyll & Hyde, closet Democrat!
I'm going to guess that these same homeless people are dependent on #Medicaid for their healthcare. Please honor your word and vote No.
How about Medicaid for the poor ONLY!  Medicaid is fullof waste, fraud & abuse!  People need hand up NOT handouts!  Venezuela is socialist!
You mean the poor but cut off the disabled and children who depend on it? #troll
You were for Repeal when you knew Obama would veto,you phony RINO -
Do what you were elected to do and you ran on to Repeal Obamacare. The Republicans have done nothing to help our #POTUS. Disgraceful
Elected officials are supposed to help their constituents, not Trump. Her voters were clear, no Trumpcare!
You are the biggest Joke. There has to be someone in ME that is better then you. Man open your eyes vote against OBCARE
One source that creates homelessness is health care.  Stand firm in your resolve to protect the health care rights of people of America.
Lifelong democrat, but I sure would vote for you if I lived in Maine.
Republican health care plan hurts: Americans with disabilities Seniors Millions of kids

Helps: Millionaires

Who do u represent in ME?
Please stay strong on healthcare!!
So what how about #RepealAndReplace what you ran on and gave fake votes for and now when it counts your  no better than the Ds #MAGA
There will b more homelessness when ppl go fin bankrupt from the cost of ins or lose it all together. #VoteNoMTP Stand up NOW why delay
Why does she tweet about everything except healthcare? She promised us Reps that Obummercare would be gone. RINOs must be voted out!
Vote "NO" to secretive, garbage Republican Senate bill.
Kudos for you for being concerned and aware that these folks need a robust health care system to support them. Hero! #ProtectOurCare
