You enjoy it, because the tax payers are paying for it. Vote no for @senatorcollins re-election
I do hope you will be voted out of office because of your vote on repeal.  This is the only hope we have to get rid of Obamacare.
Senator, I wish we could see a bit more diversity with your intern group.
Have you ever been to Maine?
Have you?  Maine has plenty of diversity in the southern part of the state. And (amazingly enough) we do have women everywhere.
Maine is 95% white.
so many good and wonderful things, it's the people who are the stars.
I hope you look for more diversity next time you're hiring. Don't pull the ladder up after you, please!
more women on your internship team would be meaningful.
Or more POC. How are we empowering ALL the youth of Maine to have access to this type of opportunity?
It's so white I feel bleached
Get to work!   Get those interns to work!!   REPEAL
Hold strong on your NO position on Repeal Only. Trump et al will try to pressure u today. Be strong for the American people.
2 yrs...time to vote you out.
Chapeau! from overseas for your thoughtful position on healthcare
Were coming to get u out of office and back ur opponent...Latinos4Trump is ready to prostest you because u are not a Republican
Great lookin group of probably some of our Best and Britest.
Team worthless!  You will be leaving soon. Maybe they can help you pack.
Too bad such nice looking group of our future are exposed to you.
They are so cute!
You are an obstructionist and I certainly hope you get voted out. Be a Republican and a RINO!!!
I mean not a RINO
Lucky interns.  Their senator has integrity.  They could be working for a senator who has none.  There apparently is a lot of them out there
Thank you for being the moral centre of the GOP @SenatorCollins
Thank you for your bravery and your honesty about the health care bill. You're one of the good ones. Always have been. 
Yeah great. Dining. How about passing a Healthcare bill. Repeal and replace or you will be.
You are not my senator but you are my hero thank you for taking a stand for our health care!!!
Senator, sincerely, thank you & Senator Moran for voting healthcare over wealthcare .. .. #CountryOverParty #PeopleOverGreed
That's really nice of you @Senator Collins .. It makes me very happy to know all Senators aren't the uncaring type!
Sen Collins has consistently opposed this bill from the beginning. She also firmly and politely corrected vp pence's "mistatements" (lies)
Oh I missed that!  I'll have to google it.  I really dislike vp pence.  Thank you for letting me know Jackie!
Anytime 

quit hosting breakfast on the taxpayers $ and do your job
This is part of her job... Developing future politicians is important... I mean unless they're running for POTUS apparently.
You don't want to cut Medicaid, but what's your plan for keeping it solvent? Where's your plan for entitlement reform?
Thank YOU Senator Collins.
We LOVE you for your strong mind in regard to the healthcare bill! now could we see some diversity on your team?
Senator Collins' RARE paid internship program allowed this 42 yr old single mom/USM student cleaning houses to survive to realize her dream!
How's that for diversity!  Thank you Senator!




It is nice, as a women you are let into a breakfast, but are you allowed into the closed door meetings w/ your male republicans for ACA?
You are one awesome Senator
That's great! Now please get the healthcare bill done for the rest of us! PLEASE!!
Did the insurance company lobby sponsor the event??? You seam to be in their pockets!
Real shame that a GOP candidate is stopping the modest attempt to slow a massive entitlement &GOV take over of HC. Why would you hurt GOP!
Senator Collins, thank you for standing up for our healthcare.  We badly need more people like you who aren't at partisan extremes.
They are so lucky to be working for a GREAT Senator! Thank you for standing up for what's BEST for this country. 
Lucky interns! Learning from a real leader!
They must be proud of you!
Thanks guys For all you're doing.
Thank You @SenatorCollins  for being an adult among children in the #GOP! I have talked to many citizens who are grateful for your outlook!
?Why are there never POC as interns? How can I help more diverse young people benefit from this experience? I want to help
They work for a fake Republican. You vote over 80% against your own party. Time for you to go and take traitor McCain with you.
A great Lady and a great boss too!!
#lifepolitics
Repeal OBAMACARE, it is crushing small businesses & working individuals Huge premiums & deductibles Return to patients & drs #myhealthcare
RU a GOP or a #NeverTrump Get on board with the Most Successful & Most Patriotic Pres we have ever had PS I was Lib before @realDonaldTrump
The smart conservatives ARE the #NeverTrump
Glad you can put a smile on your face while @realDonaldTrump ruins this country without a word from you or @SenateGOP @HouseGOP. $$ talks.
You are a class act.
I know you think you are sticking it to Trump with this healthcare thing, but Congress will pay a hefty price from the American people.
Maine is in great hands. Can't say the same for other states. Thank you @SenatorCollins for looking after your constituents. ME
Please do your job, the job you promised Americans, Americans are hurting with healthcare
Thank you and your interns for Standing Strong #ProtectOurCare
Full repeal!!
Because?
Training them to campaign as one thing then vote every time against the principles you campaigned on?
Good for you, now fix Obama care please by getting rid of it. No expanded Medicare. Health care is not a right. But freedom to choose is.
Your interns look quite dapper! And thank you for opposing this nightmare of a healthcare bill. I hope other R's are listening to  you.
Eat up&get busy passing tax&healthcare reform to create economic climate 4wellpaying job creation.  Reduce natdebt so we don't dumpon kids
All eight appear to be young enough to be on their parent's insurance thank to Obamacare, call you friends and improve it not replace it.
Show them what can accidentally happen when uneducated voters are turned loose.
You're a great friend of Leftism & THE STATE/BIG GOVT., but sadly not a friend of MIDDLE AMERICAN TAXPAYERS!! TAKE YOUR TAX & SPEND GET OUT!
Hard to enjoy pic of you enjoying dining when the rest of us are worrying about your divisiveness blocking healthcare legislation! Have fun!
NICE
Why have you become a liberal Republican?
She's always been a liberal,
Nice 'terns.
