Barbara & Susan are sisters of the cloth. Susan should join Barbara in retirement, and the sooner, the better!
So many Rhinos being outed from the Swamp.
Sweet bot account bud
She is acting and thinking more like Nancy Pelosi
Colluding with the Dems you should be ashamed of yourself step down now
You are a hypocrite. Really a Dem and make fun of how folks look.  Take a peak in a mirror. OMG.
do you also make fun of your close friends looks. your a hypocrite and should join the Dems party. shame to say your a republican.
No one cares about your birthday party! We care about getting rid of Obamacare! Stop holding up my families healthcare
....and a Democrat... U need to switch...You're an embarrassment to the GOP...
Life just keeps going along merrily for you & your world keeps spinning while party who needs your help is disintegrating. Poor carry burden
Just saw this.... she's actually not
Very enlightening since she's a far left radical.
THIS LADY LOOKS LIKE A SOUND ADVISOR.
I love this photo-absolutely love it!
And you are a mean girl!
and easier on the eyes than Blake Farenthold #meangirlscollins
Give McConnell & trump hell that's what Sen Mikulski would do!
Are they cute together. Who photoshopped Hillary out from the left side of this picture?
Two old political hacks that have enriched themselves & forgotten the men & women that want jobs, security & healthcare reform. Resign.
Please join the democratic party. GOP doesn't need you. Do you also make fun of your "close friends"  looks. Your a real hypocrite.
Hey Susan she is as bad as you both of you need to go!
Stand up and vote. STOP straddling the fence.
No offense to Ms. Mikulaski, but this image captured Senator Collin's thoughts in real time
Mikulski( D-MD)has been one of the most ultra liberal legislators in the US Congress. You are known by the company you keep, mother said
Thank you for adding another $200 billion to the deficit with your "No" vote, Senator. That devastating "blue" sure suits you.
.@SenatorCollins I just glanced at BM's record. U do her proud. Stay STRONG against pressure to advance #Trumpcare
Not surprised you are good friends! We love Barbara!
OBAMACARE is unaffordable and you prance around like a happy-go-lucky bar maid!!  Sober up and go to work!!!!
Sorry my so-called Senator photo-bombed a great photo! But thank YOU for standing with the most vulnerable members of our society!!
DO YOUR JOB!!!!!!!!!
Sure...change the topic!!!  GET your job done!  Fix the Obamacare fiasco NOW you #RINO!
"Extraordinary role model" for all of us.  Happy Birthday Senator Milkulski!
Then go off to Libtard Land and get out of the @GOP
"extraordinary role model, a wonderful mentor" ?? Would she approve betrayl of Rep. voters, POTUS Trump admin & all your Senate colleagues?
Remember this when you vote repeal the Obamacare disaster! We may not sit home all day a tweet but we sure as hell outnumber the other side!
You are as well!
You are the reason why Washington is NEVER trusted.  You vote for REPEAL and only did it for yourself. #SELFISH @realDonaldTrump
She didn't vote for repeal. Get smarter. Read. Become informed.

whatevs

thank you Senator for standing up and protecting Americans from being left without health care. Keep up the good work!
@SenatorCollins sides with Dems in many important issues. Why is she a Republican again? She's a Republican I wouldn't mind running as a Dem
Legacy of history (like Joe Manchin). Maine used to be a heavy Republican state - it never voted for FDR; just like WV used to be heavy Dem.
When will you address the fact that your main concern that abortion (women murdering their children) gives power to matriarchy?
Thank you Senator Collins for you leadership and graciousness
Agreed. You are a class act as well, Senator. Thanks for being a principled member of the Senate. (from a grateful Democrat)
Why didn't you jump ship like the rest of us Dems when the party went far left crazy progressive? JFK himself would be Rep today

Funny... I can't afford this utopian "healthcare"
Yes, and both of you should do us all a favor and transfer over to the Democrat Party where you belong.
She should go Independent. She'll still get reelected!
Good, but at least she would be out of the Republican Party. As it is, she is now a "Fellow Traveler" of the Democrats. Let's #MAGA
No, she's an smart, independent thinker who votes on the issues and in the interests and expressed desires of constituents.
What a great picture of two powerful & strong women!!
you should be like her - out of the Senate.....
Susan you are a coward and a traitor and should be removed from office
In case you are wavering.
CBO estimate of the ACA deductible for someone making $26,500 in 2026: $800

Under the BCRA: $13,000, a 1525% increase.
Why won't you repeal Obamacare to give working-class Mainer's a break? Destroying workers to help the poor makes no sense...
Senator, you are an enemy of the GOP.
Barabara Mikulski must have been appalled that you voted to confirm homophobic John Bush to the 6th circuit court of appeals.
Shameful!
Agreed
#MAGAnomics
You let citizens who voted for you and Trump down by puting your #FeelingsB4Promises. We won't for get in the ballot box!! #RepealObamacare
You should be ashamed!! Now you won't do what you promised! Vote Repeal hypocrite!
She never promised this. She has always been true to her beliefs on this issue.
Big fan of our local icon, Senator Barb. Extraordinary now how fellowship across aisle evokes hostility when it's how US gets things done.

.@sarahkliff explains the bizarre HHS analysis concocted to sell the GOP health bill http://bit.ly/2tkslV6 
Wonderful thank you for the hard work you do for us
She's doing her best to obstruct Republicans & ensure Obummercare stays put. Best Dem asset, they  her
Great photo
Plz save me I'm a son of God plz release this Desmond from my soul
Why are you a fake Republican obstructionist that voted for repeal when Obama is president and now you block repeal???
Let's make it an even happier birthday by cleaning house
I am not from your state but have watched and marveled at your leadership and strength.  We need 50 more women like you in Congress!
By that I don't mean to minimize. You're both powerful women, but the vision in this photo just took me back a bit.
You two look cute walking together, like girls used to, but don't do as much any more. 
I'm sure she walks that way with her best friend Pelosi on weekends
WE LOVE YOU, SuCo! Thanks for doing what's right!!
Happy Birthday to Senator Collins' friend!
It will take WOMEN to restore America's democracy and the civility prior to Trump. Indeed, prior to the Tea Party and the Evangelical mvmt.
Primary Collins
Good look primary-ing Collins in Maine 
As a former constituent of Barbara Mikulski, I wholeheartedly agree!
Mentor, indeed.
Both looking gorgeous! 
Both are brilliant and bring back civility to American govt. "Both Graham and McCain are looking handsome." Doesn't sound right, does it.
vote with Trump  or go dump.
I'm a republican and all but this party has to stop demanding purity from its elected officials on all issues
Happy birthday  Barbara
