You r so right. The issues of the ACA need 2B broken down and fixed in committee.  Keep it the good work. Women will have ur back. Thanks!
Thank you for being a great leader and having a soul. Most GOP have lost theirs along with their guts.
Susan collins is one of the exceptions to her colleagues.the rest of the republican party is either sleeping with the russians or bought off
Get over the Russians. Not applicable
If its not applicable why does your jesus trump have to lie every time he is in a news briefing
Another chance to stab Trump in the back? @SenatorCollins, the Democrat in Republican clothing.
You need to educate yourself on the facts.
I have the facts. Just because it's not your take on it doesn't mean I don't have the facts.
COLLINS YOU LOST ALL CREDIBILITY NOW. HOT MIC DISASTER. YOU HATE THE PRESIDENT AND PARTICIPATE IN FARSE FAKE RUSSIAN INVEST. INTEGRITY ZERO
Please explain your infatuation with Russia,no evid. of collusion yet you "public" servants waste more tax monies on air then work!@FoxNews
Vote no on motion to proceed. Mitch will pull a bait and switch on 1 of the 3 healthcare proposals.
I don’t understand how anyone could vote to advance a bill that takes health care away from millions without hearing from those affected.
Vote NO on this so called "skinny repeal". Don't understand how anyone could vote to advance a blank bill that takes away health care.
Make no mistake, once the Senate passes "skinny repeal" the House will send it to Trump to sign into law. Kicks millions off insurance.
Senator, please hold strong with your decision to vote No & #SaveACA 

Lead the charge to Improve #ACA with the @SenateDems

#ProtectOurCare
Well Obamacare crashed in our state about 2 years ago and I have NO insurance now! It's crashing in many states! REPEAL NOW! We need help!!!
Thank you Senatpr Collins, I owe you my life!
Comey stole gov't memos & handed them over to a civilian. Comey admits the memos were written in a directed way (meaning manipulative way).
Mueller, friend of of Comey, colluded w/Comey on Comey's testimony. That is a conflict, especially when Mueller should investigate Comey.
Yeah big deal
I have come to expect lib women to speak unkind about Reps but your hot mic proves u to be the rhino u are.
@sendems @HouseGOP you have your marching orders, It's time to come together as one, NOT partisan and get the best HC for We The People!
The "Russia investigation" is an investigation searching for a crime to investigate. Everyone knows that. Mueller, friend of Comey, must go!
So proud of your strength.
.@SenatorCollins Tx 4 protecting 270K MEs & 76M Americans w Medicaid-Vote: No #MotionToProceed-No bills worst than #ACA by CBO's assessment
Why do you keep going back to we should work with the democrats. Are you one? They already stated publicly they wouldn't help. Repeal obamac
Thank you SO MUCH for your principled stand on the healthcare votes so far - please stand strong and vote no on skinny repeal/Trojan horse
Susan you should just remove the "R" and insert a "D" by your name, what are you actually representing with your vote today?
Should investigate Susan Collins for her strange positions, because justification does not seem to be based on the tested fact.
Instead of grandstanding, you should have been talking to Maine's governor about health care in your state.
Do you make fun of children too.?
Investigate Hillary and Bill Clinton for their REAL Russia collusion, enrichment and corruption. Sen. Collins, U are a disgrace. Resign!
Thank you for supporting Americans on healthcare @SenSusanCollins: you are a hero
You voted to repeal Obamacare in 2015 but have now recanted. What happened???
If you're going to waist time and taxpayers money do it on something else. If you have any solid proof put it on the table.
@SenatorCollins Hedging and not representing Maine Republicans. Your policy is Independent with Angus and you should admit it for GOP's sake
She'd rather make points for the other side. Maine celebrates the Benedict Arnold trail and it must have run through Caribou.
.@SenatorCollins I applaud U! Unlike many in the GOP, U have Cojones!
SHUT UP AND SEND TRUMP MONEY FOR 2020
Did you tell them when Trump took a crap last? And Russian spies brought mic to the white house that  are now rebelling!
She is describing a clusterfuck in DC. I wish there was an adult in charge. Somewhere.
So agree
CBO always way off.  Not reliable
I hear reading the bill beforehand, & allowing debate on it is overrated, too.
Hear say isn't proof
Hearsay is a legal definition used in court. How is that relevant here?
Maine will vote you out in 2028
2018
When you finish with that get serious and put some dems in prison WHY DID THE USA NEED TO SELL URANIUM  RUSSIAN HOW MUCH DID THE US GET ?
I'm an IL Democrat who'd like to say thank you. With lives all over OUR Nation on the line you stood strong, cared & voted your conscious. 
Sen Susan Collins talking about GOP Blake Farenthold  calling him “unattractive” and “fat.”   Shame on you Sen @SenatorCollins
#DumpSenatorCollins
You r supposed 2 vote the good 4 the COUNTRY NOT what is self serving in Maine. U need 2 get w/the program for ALL Americans NOT just Maine
Hope you lose your seat.
Senator Collins must be dumped.
The only acceptable healthcare plan is a free market plan! This is not the UK
You're such a coward. How dare you call yourself a Republican. As long as you get yours, right?!
All republicans we will take her down .Recall her in Maine. She lied to get voted in and betrayed you all and us . Wonder who owns her?Swamp
Don't do us any favors! Traitor @SenatorCollins !
Thank you for putting country over party Senator. 
Why do you call yourself Republican? You can't even support a debate on healthcare repeal?? You're a disgrace to the public trust!
You've sold yourself to the democrats. You disgrace us. listen to the people
Absolutely insane that the Left is triggered by Boy Scouts chanting "USA, USA" when Trump says repeal Obamacare! https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/889630921577648129/video/1 …
Thank you for opposing the health care bill.
How about you join the Republican senate and actually get some work done!!
Douche bag

Vote Susan out ,why wouldn't you want to debate unless your a democrat
Thanks for you vote today. It's a shame that more of your colleagues didn't display that same courage of conviction.
You are a traitor pursuing a back door negotiation for your own agenda and interest! Shameful you are not for America!
You vote NO on discussing health care??? Time for you to join Schumer and the rest of the rabble. I'm donating to your opponent. BYE BYE!
What sane person votes NO on a motion to debate healthcare?
Someone who understands that 'debate' in this context doesn't just mean discuss, it forces a vote on legislation they've never even seen.
My Repub parents in Maine depend on AHCA. Please continue to stand strong. I am Democrat in CA now but respect your representing people.
Vote Yes to debate @SenatorCollins
Vote yes to debate!@SenatorCollins
The people against bill, haven't read it. NO ONE WAS ALLOWED TO READ OBAMA CARE! This bill will NOT KILL PEOPLE!Get freeloaders off Medicaid
You know there's nothing to this Russia witch hunt! Where were you the 8yrs of obama? Or hillary giving Russia 20%of our uranium! Her emails
Wouldn't even vote to debate the HC bill? Who r u?
Collins needs to resign..... terrible congresswoman!
Your state can afford tax hikes to pay for single pay care? Will you be on this insurance you want on us? I doubt it cause now you're not
You are disgusting voting no for the healthcare debate.  I believe you are in collusion with bleachbitCH Clinton and will not be re-elected.
You made the right choice in saying no to MTP. Mainers' lives more important than Koch Brothers' tax bill.
Thank you for voting no! Our special needs family appreciates it!!
Why don't you change parties?
Senator Collins cant vote to move forward on the debate for Healthcare referendums! Where are your suggestions? Try working for the people
Many of us wonder why you are in the GOP party. Why do you undermine everything this new president tries to do ? You are there to serve.
Thank you for voting 'No' on a motion to proceed on a health care bill that has yet to be revealed.
Trump was voted into office to get rid of the unaffordable care act. And republican voting no today, will be voted out!
Let's see how you fair, in the next campaign, w/ republicans campaigning against you. Support our POTUS or be drained with rest of the rats.
Collins is one of the few Profiles in Courage in Republican Congress.

The majority of the rest Profiles in Cowardice with health bill.
Please help save our healthcare!
Stay strong on your vote against Trump Care and continue to advocate for bipartisan work to improve ACA.
thank you for voting NO!! This admin is a Bananarepublic UNLESS U senators HOLD the LINE for US!
Please VOTE NO TODAY ON MTP!!!! Please
Senator please STICK TO YOUR GUNS today!! Thus far you've set an awesome example to women & girls! Pls don't be BULLIED! VOTE NO TODAY!!
Please go in front of the press and stand strong with your correct analogy per trump that is allegedly on a hot mic.
Vote Yes to Repeal & Replace #Obamacare welfare subsidies on 400% Fed poverty level? income $90,000 to $206,000 is ridiculous #FoolsGoal
Senator, pls be true to yourself & your constituents.  This independent CA resident will contribute to your reelection campaign.
Please continue to fight the EVIL Freedom Caucus on our behalf! We need the ACA improved, not trashed! TY! #RemoveTheTrumpCrimeFamily
Please don't be pressured to vote for this bill. It's horrible for Americans. You are our hero.
Great discussion! You are a definition of "Class". You are my HERO, highly needed commodity in Trump world.
ACA removed lifetime CAP's, Individual-market plans cannot discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions
Bob Mueller w/swamp integrity. As FBI dir. he was covering up 9/11 facts. Can't trust him especially when both Clapper & Brennan support him
You will not get reelected not b/c your Dem healthcare stand but by being obstructionist to @POTUS agenda
I hope you are still defending the good people who elected you, and protecting our healthcare.
Senator please hold strong to #VoteNoTrumpcare Work to repair #ACA rather than repeal it. Protect those with #preexistingconditions
Thank you Senator Collins for protecting the interests of all Americans regarding health care! We need your support today in the Senate!
Rampant sales of controlled substances, opioids.  Drug industry knew froom obscene sales spike that country was in trouble.  Fine them 300B!
Drug industry owns congress.  They sold enough opioids 2 medicate "every" American for 3wks, around the clock. Cost to HC 45B, punish them!
Force Mueller to recuse himself!  Don't you Republicans have any common sense?  How do U allow this travesty?  Get busy and defend!
If we make Gov pay 4 our HC (single payer), they can easily get out from under by unfortunate accident; tainted blood, contaminated vaccine?
No single payer HC.  UK is SP, they lost 2400 hemophiliacs 2 aids tainted blood.  How does this happen 2 so many?  Gov can cull pop @ will.
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
No insurance co' subsidies.  Learn from bank bailouts!  If Gov has to give support, make it 4 the taxpayers, not pvt industry.  Sink or swim
Clean repeal.  We gave Replns the majority, not to fix Obamacare, but to repeal.  AHCA doesn't need another doctor, needs mortician!
U mix Russia & healthcare like they are minor and can be covered in a single interview?  Nyet to Russia in the altogether.  Clean repeal HC
Every time they say Russia, you should ask for proof.  Don't encourage their Russian concussion.  65M Americans voted Trump in, not Russia.
Pres Trump has taken the senate, house & presidency.  We backed him and Republicans need to do the same.  Show some backbone!
What Russian investigation?  Republicans have been weaklings. Your success is inextricably linked 2 POTUS.  Show Dems resistance to hoax!
Thank you for being the only GOP senator consistently willing to do the right thing.
Repeal Obamacare NOW!
Senator, please please stand firmly against any bad bill that takes away affordable health care from those who need it
You have ran on repealing for 7 years now you won't do it. Sen.McCain came back for vote
Stay strong Sen Collins thank you for putting  and giving "loyalty" to American citizens .
Hold the line, Senator - congress must to better on health care.  Current bills are completely unacceptable!!
Please vote no to repeal aca  The people are counting on you.. Care for people over party PLEASE have compassion! TY
US fairground becomes a makeshift hospital amid Obamacare grumblings http://dailym.ai/2uZTyko  

OBAMA/RINOS/DEMS 3RD WORLD USA!!
Senator, please stand strong against this despicable health bill. You have my support! #SaveTheACA #FixACA #NoRepeal
Vote to to repeal
Please Senator - vote NO on this - we can't afford to loose our preexisting conditions - let's fix what we have - I admire your strength
Thank you for taking a moral stance against this R death bill. You are on the right side of history. Thank you
You're a true public servant for sticking to what's right, for looking out for the people, and putting country over party. You rock!
I really hoping that you put people over party and vote NO on repeal.
Stop this obsession with Russia and do your job. Support President Trump. His agenda was what we wanted.
Please continue to act in the best interests of your constituents. The poor, elderly, and disabled may not survive without your help.
HELLLLOOO Anyone home? Even Schumer said no Rusdian collusion Why not try being HONEST w/supporters https://twitter.com/maximus_paulus/status/889608371791319041 … More on YouTube
PresidentTrump #Healthcare speech 4/4.  
Nice to finally admit that you are a Dem at heart, you obviously don't have a heart for America, Maine, & @SenJohnMcCain  .  Shameful!
Comey-Rosenstein-Mueller-COLLUSIONS...Comey-Mueller Best Buds...why not Call 4 Mueller Recusal

How can anyone argue that Hillary shouldn't be in jail after watching this? This is also just 1 of her MANY proven crimes. #LockHerUp! 

Here it is, the answer to everything, lmao,  
Senator, you and your staff are not a small business as the OPM claims. Your $12,000 subsidy is shameful. No wonder you want to keep the ACA
Why don't you come out of closet and admit you are a progressive?
Please Vote No!Don't hurt people like Mike who will suffer!No Caps preexisting conditions &EssentialBenefits gone!DoublePremiums!FixACA!TY!
You are one my heroes. Please vote no tomorrow on mtp on whatever the bill is
Please stay strong against those who twist you arm to go against Americans who need Healthcare.It's1/6 of USA econ and "critical 30 million"
you should run next term as a dem because you want win as a republican! Your a dem anyway!
Please keep people in mind (which you have done admirably) & #voteno
Total destruction on family finances / $10,000 deductibles.   No excuses...REPEAL  this govt. mandated --slavery.
Join Republicans to repeal and replace!
Sick of our tax $ paying for these abominations #DefundPP #PPSellsBabyParts
Thank you! Please continue to advocate for special needs families! We need Medicaid to survive! #nocaps#nopreexisting cond.! Please help!!!
hope you do what your conscience dictates on healthcae and don't buckle to pressure from Trump and his boys..we trust you
Please stand by your principles and the people and vote NO!!
Senator Collins I'm not a republican but thank you for watching out for us all. 
Democrats NEVER undermine their own. But you & fellow RINOs jump at opportunity to promote yourselves & criticize @POTUS! Term Limits!!
There is NO Russian Collusion! You & other RINOs are an embarrassment to the GOP! What do you say NOTHING about Crooked Hillary Crimes?
Please vote NO on TrumpCare. Stay strong! First, Do No Harm. Reject TrumpCare.
NO SINGLE PAYER we voted did u not hear us
. Why don't you or @RandPaul take @SenJohnMcCain vote & vote how he wld so he doesn't have to travel! This crap nds to STOP! NEGOTIATE!
It is time to support the GOP & Trump- enough nonsense either UR in or you become DEM @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Elections have repercussions
Please do not leave Americans like me and my son totally disabled without medicaid. Protect our previous conditions please. You're a mother
please hold strong in opposition to the current GOP plan and strategy to throw millions off insurance. We need single payer!
Senator Collins, how can say that this presidency is normal or productive? Please start the impeachment and let the country move forward
Stay strong, you know the right thing to do and what is best for your constituents. Don't be bullied into something you might regret later.
Please continue to be strong and vote no on the unpopular bill.
Vote to repeal Obamacare.  Costs are out of control.  Fixes won't work.  Repeal is needed to start over and get it right.
Senator Collins, you need support the health care bill. Otherwise, you can & will be replaced. We the people will stop you. No $$$, no help.
Please continue to vote no on the new Senate healthcare bill
Why are tou a republican???? All you do is block what must be done!!!!
Get on board! 5000 dollar yearly premiums 10000 deductible! 20000 yearly income! It is a total disaster! Please get on board repeal ACA!

Sen., Your logic is off. Dare you to find a Planned Parenthood that offers wellness checks, mamms, etc. They don't. Weak excuse for inaction
Please vote No on #MTP on unknown #GOPhealthcare, Senator Collins. Read this crucial testimony and #VoteNoMTP
Please don't vote for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid for millions of disabled Americans!
This is not a game. Please Senator-stand firm with your NO vote to repeal ACA. Reach across the aisle to work with Dems to improve it.
There's NO Proof of anyone working illegally with Russia! However, YOU Need to REPEAL Obamacare NOW! Stop playing games with our HEALTHCARE!
When you vote, pls remember my husband.  Always had insurance.  Due to ACA they couldn't kick him off.  #ACA #Obamacare saved his life!
You seem like a classy Senator with good sense. Please vote no on repealing! That would be a disaster. Country over Donald!
I was brought up to offer solutions/ ideas if u don't agree with the current situation. All u do is complain. No solutions. Dem in disguise
MUELLER/BERIA is following the motto:  Show me the man and I will find the crime.  It is a WITCH HUNT, and you Are allowing it. FIRED BERIA.
Is despicable how you people are sleeping with the enemy ignoring the WILL OF THE PEOPLE. Shape up or you will be SHIPPED OUT. Vermin RINO
Get a pre-existing condition: the pharmacy & Heath insurance people try to put you on a cheaper drug(5k not 6k). Support @POTUS or resign.
Will make sure, that YOU the RINOS and fake Republican are voted out. Are you being paid to betray our President?
Mueller is another maggot.
You and other RINOs need to stop the political crap and support the POTUS to repeal and replace Obamacare.  Fulfill your promises or get out
You were elected as a Republican if you are not supporting our President you better be looking for another job.  We the Trump supporter
#repeal Get the government out of my healthcare. Rates are outrageous. We are treated like slaves to the #ACA.
People are asking on Healthcare are you a Republican or a Democrat since you met with a Democrat Today on Healthcare
PLEASE VOTE NO ... PLEASE.
you are true rino  no longer will I vote you
