thank u for choosing humanity over party & defecting your vote when it matters, like w/ EPA Pruitt nomination. Keep it up!
.@SenatorCollins You are a scam. 1 vote against the undeniably unqualified DeVos (who YOU voted thru Committee!)Does NOT make you Moderate!
if you were a true moderate, you would have stopped DeVos in committee & not voted for Sessions. Mainers aren't fooled.
- only when it won't make a difference.
You continue to impress with your willingness to buck your party and examine issues/nominees independently. Thank you
DEMOCRAT SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS!
it's as if majority of @GOP prefers to ignore serious concerns. https://youtu.be/cUqn5uvZGjo  Thx for being a leader. #investigate
I am a Democrat from NJ who serves on my local council at 24 years old. I look up to you! Continue to find compromise!
you are a disappointment to the state of Maine. Come home so we can tell you to your face #partoftheproblem
At this time in history when Republicans can do more for the American people, we have loud mouth critics of the President.
With all due respect: where is this "critical voice" now that we need it so urgently? #Trumprussia
her constituents in Maine are saddened by how she has voted to silence Elizabeth Warren.
She was actually right. The quotes from Mr. Kennedy, not Mrs. King's letter, were the problem.
Critical voice? She votes party line. Nothing moderate about voting for Sessions.
thank you Senator for voting appropriately without bias.
I am a woman from Colorado and thank you for your courage, leadership & willingness to look at issues that matter. Brava!
- Just how much are you getting from the Union's Ms. Collins?  Otherwise, why wouldn't you want school choice??  $$$
Not moderate since Sen. Olympia Snow retired. Lost her moral compass. Losing her crossover voters in Maine.
You were one of the few voices in the De Vos hearings that made sense. Thank you for that. Stay strong.
Genuinely disappointed, you can actually make a difference. Lives are being destroyed because a lunatic is at the helm.
we are watching you why don't you come home and face the music?#partoftheproblem
voting AG DeVos was no biggie since she knew she would go thru
Voting with Trump 85% of the time? Hardly moderate. Mainers know a sell-out when they see one.
#rino !!
I bet you just live for articles like this. Just change parties.
Sodom & Gomorrah got destroyed b/c they didn't have 10 righteous. We need 9 more of you in Senate to save the country.
Thank you for supporting the children over a political game to reward @BetsyDeVos. America can be better.
Wish you would have opposed DeVos louder.
, more like she merged as a hypocritical player!
wow I wished NPR interviewed your constituents. We want to dethrone you. #persist
NOPE, She is a two faced , back stabber- manipulative beyond belief-
thank you for voting your conscious on De Vos. Keep it going.
When the NPR & NEA extoll your virtues you should check a mirror.  You are not a critical voice but a liberal follower @SenatorCollins
never again !
You voted to silence Elizabeth Warren. Shame on you!
Teach  the older white guys how to be statesman--please
no she doesn't. She only votes against the establishment when she knows it won't matter to the outcome.
I'm sorry for the people in your own state being so hateful and disrespectful they are not from the S
South Come to Virginia we have better weather sorry you are so disrespected you do your best daily
now she is contracured and trying to get Botox to undo maybe too late sad she's 36 my only child
have 36 yr old daughter car accident brain damage nursing home in Va Medicaid no therapy paid
this is lifetime taxes I will draw social security next year and the government hasn't paid back
who pays for the immigrants resettlement the taxpayers federal and state the people need to know
cost and budget studied in 4 yrs 10,000 per immigrant in 2 yrs they bring family say 4 480 billion
immigrant resettlement scared screening process is not good i studied seven different sources
I have Obamacare one insurance carrier 600. 6,000 out of pocket for outpatient services pay first
your right the country is a mess no one working together not excepting the President or Respectful
lets hope you stand up for Planned Parenthood and a Woman's Right to Chose. Including SCOTUS nominees.
you can only be in the "center" when you take contrary positions that matter.  Opposition to a done deal doesn't count.
#never again !
if only this were at all true
if she had any guts she would have voted no in sub committee, all show - a disgrace
.@SenatorCollins Thank you for being a voice of reason in the GOP. If you want Senator Collins to keep crossing the aisle, #KeepCallingBack.
Who's voice? Not mine, thus far anyway. How about a town hall meeting to listen to the voices of your constituents?
we see you!  We see your game playing with the people of Maine and we will hold you accountable at the ballot box!
you have to do more than express that you're "uncomfortable" or "have concerns".
Thank you for voting in favor of American public education and standing up with integrity, @SenatorCollins. Americans are paying attention!
talking out of both sides of your mouth doesn't make you a moderate.
We'll have to wait and see. It may be necessary to step outside your comfort zone with this current Republican Admin....
Opposed DeVos, but has/is voting for the other corrupt/unqualified cabinet picks! Poses as Moderate, but mostly votes Party!
The people of Maine would like a word with you. Town hall meeting time. Down here in the south please!
your hometown of Caribou needs a word as well!
Its time to get real about protecting our environment- this isn't party politics- it's our health and future
the Gulf of Maine-the fastest warming body of water in the world. In 2015 CO2 rose above 400ppm, forever. #climatefacts
Mnuchin is a bigger CRIMINAL than Betsy DeVos. This bastard was at the HEART of the foreclosure rodeo. Pls VOTE NO !!
how is voting for (racist,  misogynist) Sessions and to silence Warren "moderate"?
she is simply an opportunist. Sells out her constituents for political points!
bullshit,  it's all smoke and mirrors, show me ONE TIME she did the right thing for the people of Maine and the US
Because thats what its about #Power / #PerceivedPower Spend less time gloating about meaningless articles&more time #Working
I hope you can do better. DeVos and Sessions are not a great start! Maybe more work for Bath and Protecting clean waters.
please stand up for human rights !  Women's rights! Be a voice of reason #Neverthelessshepersisted #nhpolitics
glad to see you're so proud of yourself undermining the success of America 2018 we will VOTE you OUT enjoy union 
what will you do to ensure a brighter future for Maine's children? #hunger #education #violenceprevention #mepolitics
Senator Collins - so far you've been unable to stop any of Trump's far-right agenda. What is your plan? #mepolitics
well, at least she opposed one out of 50 unqualified noms. Fearing the GOP future more than ever
thank you Senator for staying level headed through all this disorder.
you mean "selling out every opportunity"? I agree
and your republicans in this state will remember come election day
What voice. No one is listening.
why was the price of the anti heroin overdose medication gouged 600% ???? Seems like a lot of people will die that way
Headline is wrong ... should say "how an alleged moderate sells out constituents"
The same voice that allowed Devos out of committee?
