Your vote killed Healthcare reform.U voted no to spite the President.Its well known that u are working to see him fail Grow Up.
Please do it again!  Protect the millions of people!
Keep up the great work and know that you have a lot of people who support you here in Maine
Good advise
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You are on the right side of history. #healthcare
Yes, carefully, turn off your mic. At least we now know the real you. You need to apologize to Pres. Trump. #Collins hot mic
How about the newest, most dangerous price of garbage Graham-Cassidy? No? Heaven help us all if it passes.
Please help stop #GrahamCassidyBill - it could reduce Medicaid costs but is offset by people's health and lives. Please, please vote no.
Thank you for voting no.
Thank you for your compassionate and intelligent leadership!
You could have done that in conference, not shown public disunity in party.
THANK YOU SO MUCH from a democrat in Kentucky! I will support you any bid for reelection. Don't let bullies get you down!
It tickles me..honestly...everybody is jumping on the ones declaring your career history!! They do not get that alot of people vote 4 person
NOT party!! I told one...for every Trump base voter you lose, you will gain 2 or 3 Dems or Independents!! Thanks again!!!
#WeThePeople support you & @lisamurkowski! We KNOW the pressure to comply was fierce! Thank you for standing up! You should be proud!!!
Don't let em get to you & ignore the trolls & bots!! Most people have NO IDEA what they are talking about..they just hated Obama that much!!
Thank you.
Thank you senator!
Thank you @senatorCollins. My senator @SenRonJohnson doesn't listen to his constituents
Stay Strong!  You are a independent voice of logic at a very illogical and angry time!
Making sweeping changes to the 50-year-old Medicaid program without a single Senate hearing is a mistake. 2/3
We must work in a bipartisan way to fix the ACA’s serious flaws. 3/3
You cant fix something that was meant to fail. You should join the Dem party. Useless to GOP and voters agenda!
Thank you for being a beautiful & rare breed of Republican:one who is willing to put the interests of your country before that of your party
You promised voters Obamacare repeal for 7 years not Medicaid expansion
YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT FOR THAT.BYE BYE
THANK YOU
Senator Collins... u were guilty of being human on the hot mic clip. U were heroic in voting NO...u r a role model and a hero. I'm 4 U
You voted for Obamacare. 

Maine almost went for Trump. Your chances of a primary challenger are huge.
And her hot mic disgrace people dont forget so easy anymore. All they do is bull us. If you didnt mean it you would not have said it period
I like her all the more for it.

I'm not one of your constituents, but Thank You for voting NO.
Thank you Senator! What a courageous act!
Thank you. You are doing the right thing
Thank you for doing the right thing.
You are a true patriot - thank you for your careful and studied considerations.
Thank you Senator but I fear for our country. A country that can deprive so many of healthcare is heartless and doomed.
thank you
Thank u
Thank you!
Thank you for your strength and courage.
Thank you Senator Collins for voting with integrity. You are a role model for women of all ages. Maine should be proud!
Thank you for thinking of the people when you made your decision!
Thank you for your vote!!!
Dry disappointed u were not able to vote to proceed to 
begin to do the hard work to get the HC billed passed. Yr
vote defying common sense
Thank you, I admire you so much.
Thank you @SenatorCollins
Thank you for putting country before party.
Thank you for your courage, Senator Collins. You keep taking care of those Mainers!
Thank you, Senator. You have been extremely civilized with T and the GOP, but it's time to be more vocal, please! 
Thank you!
I can respect Sen. Collins for doing the right thing for her constituents. We're behind you keep fighting for what's right!
Do you think we are asleep? You have been in Planned Parenthood's back pocket for forever.
he IS crazy.
we are all worried.

please, be brave & encourage your colleagues to put integrity & (AVERAGE AMERICANS) above party loyalty/$.
Thank you for being the sole conscience of the Republican party
But her intent was not to destroy people and health care when she campaigned. Those fucking men like Trump are the liars.
Thank you - how can you persuade your fellow Repub senators?
Their patients so this ins that will drop a huge hospital here in Oklahoma will destroy alot of life's and you don't care WOW!  McCain had
Thank you Senator Collins.  Please keep fighting.  Americans need your support
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Collins
Thank you!
@SenatorCollins Thank you for exemplifying what our Senators SHOULD be.
She shut down the debate.. how is that remotely helpful
Obviously she did not.  She stood behind her statements that she would not vote for something that took people's healthcare away.
Which a lot of Senators (and POTUS) SAID but did not DO.  She was honorable and deliberative, which is what we should want from our reps.
Not towing the party line and voting for something that only 17 % of the public wanted.
It was just a vote to move a bill to the floor. Geez
Which bill was that, exactly? AHCA? BRCA? Straight repeal? Skinny repeal? Not cooking spaghetti here - seeing what sticks is irresponsible.
Sharon doesn't care.  Sharon just wants the ACA repealed at any cost.  Sharon must be very healthy and financially secure.
Thank you, @SenatorCollins for having integrity and decency. Perhaps you might feel more at home in the other party?
I agree she is a Democrat
She's a republican with integrity and a SPINE
Exactly. Her male counterparts did not have the balls to vote against this, so she showed them how a woman does it. I'm proud!
Don't take balls takes brains the men had them in this case
Oh dear, you're not deplorable, you're delusional. Join the rest of your gang over in the corner.
She's slightly right but the the most moderate Republican. The National Journal said she votes 55% conservative vs. 45% liberal.
we put Republicans in there to REPEAL Obamacare!!! DO YOUR JOB!
Its her job to represent all her constituents, not just the ones who voted for her. She'll see a good poll bump.  Even libs may for her
Ridiculous. You would hate it if the roles were reversed. She's a dem plain and simple. How else does she keep getting reelected in Maine
?? I opposed ACA because it was a give away to insurance companies. But it's here, and we cant cut peoples coverage. Id prefer single payer.
How was it solely a give away? 23 million sick &  disabled  Americans are covered because of it
Not solely a give away, I agree.  It was a compromise a President with a supermajority did not need to make, however, inspired by lobby $$
Absolutely.  But many GOOD parts to it.  I'm on it as is my son.  With tax credits. Or I'd be uninsured.
I am grateful you have found some coverage, at least.  Now we work to make sure people are not profiting off of you and your son's health.
Thank you.
Thank you!!! I'm a DEM and you are my hero!!
That's because she's really a Democrat
Thank you for standing up for Medicaid and the children and families that rely on it!
Thank you for standing up for common people!
Thank you
Thank you for your brave stand in voting against the MTP & BCRA 3.0 yesterday. Working together to FIX the ACA is indeed the way forward.
Thank you.
Maine's avg monthly premium in 2013 was $335 now avg is $518-55% increase- affecting your constituents not 2 mention the rest of the country
There is so much air between your skull and your brain . It could sustain a humans breathing for a week !!!  Get the rinos out !!!!
Thank you!
So MANY of us appreciate your courage!!! Thank you, from the state of Missouri.
You need to leave the Republican Party. You are a democrat
Thank you for your vote of no on the plan that isn't even a plan yet. That took courage.
Yes.
Thank you for standing firm on healthcare; for putting country before party; for putting people ahead of politics. -- a democrat fr CA
Stay strong, Senator Collins! We're behind you!
Thank you!
Thank you for trying to improve ACA for all Americans - not stripping Medicare & insurance from millions.
Thank you! One of few GOP Senators with integrity and sense. Don't be bullied into stealing healthcare from needy to give tax breaks to rich
Did you vote for repeal in 2015? I didn't check ur record yet, if yes, then THATS TOO BAD, BYE,BYE.
Thank you @SenatorCollins. You are a ray of brilliant sunshine in these dark times.
The people of your state should be very proud to have you as their Senator!!
Thank you Susan Collins for your integrity. YOU after the Maverick. You make Maine proud.
*are the maverick
Thank you, @SenatorCollins, for taking a stand and doing the right thing. Keep standing firm. I'm an Independent voter in Maine.
Thank you Senator Collins
You will gain democratic voters, you did the right thing
You were paid off crook!
Thank you for your service to your constituents ma'am. #hero #patriot
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you from Ohio! I wish my senator felt the same.
I think you mean you were allowed to vote no to CYA. Constituents aren't that stupid or naive any more. We see what you did there.
Only Russia interfering in her campaign would make her lose and we will be ready for #Putin'sHackers next time!
Thank you Send Collins for having the courage to do the right thing
Thank you Senator!!
Thank you Senator! Apparently there are 2 @GOP members who love their country more than their party!!
Amen! You are a true American hero when you put people before politics. Thank You.
Thank you for being an independent thinker and a leader.
Proceed carefully while Obamacare is collapsing millions will lose expensive healthcare
Senator Collins. Please resign from the Republican Party. You obviously do not share our values.
Thank you! 
Thank you for showing great courge yesterday.
Please stop voting unless you know what you are voting on. You are blind. You are a terrible person by not LISTENING! STOP! Y KNOW NOTHING!
Thank you Senator Collins for standing for all Americans and ensuring government serves the people.
Senator Collins--I respect you for your courage.  You are an honorable person in a sea of corruption.
You are a true hero!
It's to bad none of the other cowards & bought off Senate members had the integrity to vote for the majority of Americans wishes. Out 2018
Thank you, Senator Collins!
So grateful for your continued leadership in protecting millions of Americans who rely on insurance through the #ACA Thank you!
We don't want your fat fingers in our health care. We NEVER did. You're rotten to the core. All you on the Hill are schemers and steal our $
Thank you Senator for standing up for what's right
Thank you for fighting for our lives. You are a true American hero.
Thanking you.
please continue to stand your ground and continue to Act like a US Senator, not, like some of your colleagues, as partisan hack
Bless you, Senator!
Thank you for being the rare Republican with functional firing neurons.
Agree
You've had 6 years to get a plan together. Where have you been? Do your job and stop obstructing our President.
Thank you for your thoughtful intelligence. It is sorely lacking in your fellow senators.
Thank you.
You voted to prevent the death of your fellow citizens. People around the world support what you did. Well Done!
You did the right thing ma'am.
Thank you
Thank you for your vote and service.
When u up 4 re-election? I hope it's next yr and ur voted out.
A little House of Cards going on here?? What are you hiding??
You are a hero to your constituents and all Americans! Thank you for voting for our best interests!
Congressional elites, as explained by McCain, believe their six year term is because they are smarter than the electorate. Repeal Obamacare.
Great job Sen Collins. Thank you for being an American before a republican. Keep up the good work!
Yes!!  Thank you for your leadership. You need to show your party that dogma is not defensible. Hats off to you and @lisamurkowski  #proud
Thank you.
Thank you @SenatorCollins 
Sen Collins from the bottom of my 
THANK YOU for doing the right thing!
BRAVE STANCE TO TAKE!
I'm sure it carried negative consequences!
You have no answers you  #Obamacare RINO B!tch
Thank you!!!!!!
Susan, we disagree on almost everything. But I admire your morals and fortitude in standing up to this demagogue and this atrocious bill.
Then. One up with amendment. Don't just say "no". Do something besides sit on the sidelines and criticize. Ideas, Senator?
Thank you @SenatorCollins for voting for the people!
We will vote for sure........we will vote for Democrat loving tail out of politics. Take a hike missy, you are now the enemy.
Senator Collins... as a staunch Democrat I have to say that I am very happy with the way you represent us here in Maine
Thank you @SenatorCollins for your vote, and for giving Americans hope that there is still some sanity & decency somewhere in the #gop
Thank you Senator Collins for putting the lives of Americans ahead of party.  Our lives are in your hands.  Work BIPARTISAN.  Thank you!
Thank you for your courage and heart @SenatorCollins
How about trying to listen to your constituents and work for a better America rather than promoting Socialism!

Thank you, Senator. You made us very proud and grateful. Keep standing up. We're with you.
Thank you @SenatorCollins!
Thank you!
We will vote her out, regardless of what it costs. Awful woman.
Thank you!  This crazy one day effort to "pass something" must be derailed!  Senate works for the people, not president!
@randyprine Thank you! Seriously, Thank you very much. I know  at this time your job is not easy, please fighting.
AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION:  the SKINNY BILL "exacerbates the affordability problem that critics say they want to address"  start with NO.
People forget how our economy--our clinics, our hospitals, our nursing homes will be affected adversely from #trumpcare. Thank you
We thank you Senator Collins for your thoughtful insight and concern for Mainers and other Americans. Thank you for "no".
Thanks girl!
Thank you for remembering that you represent the people who voted for you, not your party. It's a refreshing change I hope you'll continue.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Collins for doing the right thing.
You can proceed to see your way out of our healthcare. All the Feds have done is make our system worse.

Thank you for doing the right thing!
Thank you for your courage, leadership, & conscience! The disabled community is counting on you to be the voice of reason.
thank you for your vote and for standing strong in the face of our misogynist and manipulative president
Please run for POTUS
That was the vote to continue the debate The vote that will tell us where you stand is coming several times. How will you vote then Senator?
Republicans with integrity and a spine are still conservatives no matter what others in their party say. Thank you Susan Collins.
Thank you!!!
Your No vote is so very appreciated. Thank you.
Thank you @SenatorCollins you have been  the model of what a senator should be during this difficult time.  
You are gloating that you voted no to the debate on healthcare?  How pitiful! You and others had 7 years to fit a broken system!  Useless!
Thank you!
You are not doing ANYTHING but halt progress on this serious issue...#RINO
Thank you
Thank you, Sen. Collins!
What is happening tonight in the senate is reckless, not careful. Looking forward to your NO vote on #skinnybill
Love ya for it. My Hero.
Thank you again for your no vote on the skinny bill. I am so grateful to you. You are strong and a hero to US.
Thank you for putting country over party.
The real maverick in the Senate!
Please don't back down now. Americans are counting on your backbone. 
#VoteARama
Thank you Senator
We thank you for your vote and your courage. Thanks also to @lisamurkowski !
Thank you, Senator! You have my respect and admiration.
Thank you.
THANK YOU.
Thank you, Senator Collins.
Thank you for voting no and being a voice of reason within your party!
Thank you.
