THREE people not on #OBAMAcare

@SenJohnMcCain
@lisamurkowski
@SenatorCollins

#DrainTheSewer
#DrainTheSwamp

What about health care? Do your job
Best time of Year up there
Wow!! thats cool..
Congress is always "at camp". Do nothing Republicans. Make promises. Break them. You're a leader at that. Enjoy camp.
Awww ... how sweet! But @POTUS just decided to destroy kids' dreams! #DACA was enacted bc Congress refused to act. Save the #DREAMers!
You are OK! I would vote for you, and I am a democrat that voted for Hillary. I believe you have heart!
Trump must be #Impeached He is a danger to America #UnfitToServe You must make this a priority - It is your duty
Now go back &pay for your job by repealing (no fix) ahca,tax reform,daca (no amnesty),our wall (built),do your job!support our potus!!!!!!!!
Please. U Make me Sick.
sad, look at me, look at me, look at me.drain the swamp people, they could use help in Texas. Enjoy the vacation we pay for
No one cares, traitor!  You will be sorry for your obstruction. Liberals, posing as a conservative, are the worst of them
Enjoy your well deserved time off.  Please support the Constitution and remove the menace Trump.  He's destroying this great country.
Enjoy your day in your beautiful state. I know you're working to protect the environment.
Your Utopia, how sweet. You must be so frustrated
wow you got a vacation while the rest of us in Maine payed high health care premiums you seem to of forgotten why you got elected.
I just don't understand... how the hell can you enjoy yourself?? PERIOD!
The quietest and most beautiful
Stay there !  Do us all a favor !
The country would b better off if you stayed there
Bc
maybe when you finish playing around "YOU" can get to work on Health care and Tax reform? STOP voting "NO"!! Start working with the @POTUS
And I imagine that just in case one of you unfortunately turns ill, you both have great health insurance!
Enjoy you look happy
Please, come back to work and stand up for America, especially, those in need.
Me, too. And here comes September, the very best month in Maine, in my humble O. Looks like you had a beauty of a day.
Enjoy! You deserve it!
You support Perversion aye ? 
BDSM!
That's the best you got? #lame
 we Won been winning since 06 Pervert liberals has lost 1064 seats since then . Assange is fixing to drop the Big one soon can't wait 
While you hallucinate, Mueller is working. Tick, tock.
 yep,He is Grabbing at any thing right now all other options has failed , I'll keep you in mind soon as Assange agrees to Drop the Big one
Trump is a POS and he will soon be flushed. Buh-bye.
 I'm sure you don't have a 401k but the ones tha do are enjoying the BiG gains thanks to TRUMP. TRUMP 2020 
Rest up Senator, we're all gonna need you to be a strong voice of conscience in the Senate this Fall.
Go to work do your job instead blocking Repub. agenda.
For those unfamiliar with Maine-speak, "camp" is Maine code for mansion or really large house. A Maine "camp" is a pricey vacay home
Are you in Houston? This picture looks like it was taken in Houston?
SENATOR YOU AND YOUR HUSBAN HAVE A GREAT TIME :) I LIVE IN MD BUT I SURE WISH WE HAD A GOOD RESPECTFUL PERSON LIKE YOU REPRESENTING US LIKEU
I'm glad you're in a happy marriage but I was kind of expecting a cocktail and now I'm disappointed.
I guess we now know your favorite cocktail
Get back to work #RepealAndReplace #TaxReform #BuildThatWall
While your on a long vacation that the American people pay for we still have worthless Obama Care. You failed the American people.
A Member of the Do Nothing's
why don't you get your butt back to DC and do your job?
tough guy comments from Dems who seem to have forgot an important m vote this woman just took. This is why no one wants to play with you
Stay strong Senator.
You're married to Harry Reid?!?! Nah nah nah
Glad you're getting some well-deserved down time before the chaos begins again!
Then why is he trying to jump out of the boat?
Thank you for all your hard work. Enjoy your time at camp. Please run for president in 2020! 
sure you're not in Houston?
Gotta love late August trips while people in Texas suffer! :-) ;-) 3.24 million must be nice while as a Vet I suffer paycheck to paycheck.
Aww.. Nice. Enjoy.. life is short and you will be back at work soon enough!!
I wish you would go back to work.
Love it Susan.  Keep it going.
Maine is amazing!
What a great picture of you & Tom!! Fall is my favorite time of the year so these few cool days & nights makes me so happy!!
Get back to work. Cut taxes now.
Enjoy!!  You deserve a break!
So cute!
U kidding ?
Looks great, Senator Collins.  Enjoy.
Good to see you enjoying august off while we work to pay for all the entitlement programs, hurry back to D.C.
You're misusing "entitlement." SS & Medicare are entitlements. It means we've paid for them & are entitled to them. You're angry about TANF
Enjoy
Very sensitive of you while your playing people are struggling in Texas but then again you lied for the past 7yrs about #RepealAndReplace
Fantastic!
Traitor
Just spent a week in the southern part of your beautiful state. We'll be back!
Beautiful thank you for sharing.
Stay there because your not needed
Aren't you special. Part of our country is under water & the entire country is suffering from Trump's incompetent & destructive presidency.
Enjoy every minute! Thank you for all you do for Maine and our nation!
I'm sure you appreciate whatever time that you can back to Maine.  The simplicity of life in northern Maine is very rewarding.  Enjoy 
Stay there would ya!! U suck at your day job so stay at camp until 2020!!! 
I grew up in that beautiful state. I'm going to Sebago and the Maine side of the White Mountains in late September. Thanks for your work!
How did I not know your husband is Tom Collins.  My favorite drink
Know what Id love Health Insurance. How an in employed Homeless 38 year doesn't qualify is BEYOND any understanding. 2 Bad I was Born in USA
And we love you!
#natureheals #Maine #outdoorfun
POTUS susan collins!
Me too, but in NH
And you have earned every one of them Senator. Enjoy your serenity, your husband, and the wonder of Maine.
Thats wonderful. Much needed R and R have a nice Labor Day weekend.
.TRAITOR.  DOES NAZI MAN SOROS GIVE YOU MONEY ALSO?
Glad you're enjoying yourself while the rest of the country waits on you to get back to work and pass healthcare and tax reform.
I love Maine!!
Seriously?
This is a slap in the face, you're disgusting!
That's a great view! Even from Texas!
Enjoy your time off!
Rnjoy! You'll have hard work to do when you get back!
What a nice couple you make!
Then please stay the senate doesn't need RINO's traitor
She can't possibly read these or she would stop being such an airhead
Late August is the best time of the year.
Maybe you "vacay" will help you to get back to work and vote yes to tax reform, healthcare, and the wall. Support your constituents.
Love!!
Shero on break! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes it's obviously not helping America
Maine is wonderful. Why is he ending DACA?
It's illegal! Obama bypassed Congress!  Congress writes the laws! President  enforces the laws.
Enjoy because what's waiting for you is more difficult then healthcare. Irma in the wings and possible new system in gulf and tax cuts.
That's a beautiful lake, looks like fun!
rino:  such a long career and so little performance
Why did the Nursing Home allow her on a Boat?
#defundpp already or switch to a democrat
How about being compassionate about American's healthcare?  Your NO vote on ACA repeal will cost you votes... maybe your job.
enjoy your vacation, you deserve it!
I hope you & your husband had a nice trip Senator Collins.I appreciated your No vote on Obamacare repeal/replace. Thank You!
Keep voting NO on repealing the ACA!We are behind you to FIX the ACA not end care for millions! Sign up for the ACA begins Nov 1 ! #NoRepeal
Beautiful! 
Enjoy your vacation Sen.  Collins.
Senator, why are you not holding a town hall?
Enjoy your break.  I'll be calling when you get back.
Very sensitive during a 1000 year flood in Texas.
So, you're not all evil charlatans?   Good to know.
You deserve it. You did your job. You stood your ground. No grandstanding, no meaningless words. You work for the people. Thank you.
Get back to work and support tax reform. ZERO TOLERANCE NO EXCUSES!
RINO
Not as bad as her being a rino.
You earned it!!!
Great now head back to work because I'm losing my Health Insurance under Obamacare
Sen Collins- You've been good for the country lately, but please support the Dreamers.  It's important! - yr constituent
Hope you both have good Health Care
It must be nice having Congress health care. No worries. Your no vote for our care hurts.
Bot bot bot bot bot bot bot bot
F
To a happy couple
It has been enjoyable down south for the most part too
It's winding down fast - enjoy!
Thank you & enjoy time with your family!
Enjoy, Senator!  Lots of hard work coming!
Mrs Collins, please reconsider voting for repeal and replace. It makes common sense. I realize it's a big change but so was Obama care.
SMH...
Looks nice, now start voting for conservative causes.
Maine...The Way Life Should Be.
AAAAAWWW HOW KOOOL HAVE FUNNNNNN COLLINS
can see the glow of happiness on both your faces :). Enjoy! and thank you for sharing.
A marriage that can survive a canoe trip is a strong marriage indeed.
With Congress' 15% approval rating, it's always prudent to have a fallback.
Traitor. Hope u lose primary.
Enjoy your time away, then get back to congress and save the ACA and ensure that Trump doesn't end the ACA Outreach.
Just returned from Bar Harbor, fun but glad to be back at our lake in Acton Me. We are fortunate to live in the Great State of Maine.
How about passing legislation? Tax and health care ?
Remember this joy when your voting to approve funds for Texas. Some families are making funeral arrangements.
*you're
Working hard I see!
What are you doing to help your fellow Americans in Texas ? USELESS ! #DrainTheSwamp
Trump donated a million bucks to Texas,  and you?
Just asking did you marry for the same reason you became a senator?  Money?
Um. Maybe not the best optics right now. Don't begrudge you a vacation but ... Hurricane Harvey? Keep it off of Twitter maybe?
You're weird
I hope you and Tom are haveing a great time!
Same.
Tom Collins is my fav drink! Cheers!
Think of all the people that need health insurance in Houston. Google Ted Cruz check out how a real Senator Acts
Why aren't you helping Texas ?
Nice pic Senator, nothing like leaving all the BS of D.C. Behind while at camp.
Why don't you get back to work and repeal and replace Obamacare
Please help DACA!! T wants to end with it.
Kayaking is so peaceful. ..
Cool. Please be a better republican
MedCorps can't profit frm corpMedBizModel bcsUSA can't afford2pay  corpMed.bills/costs.Constn/NatSec=PublicHealthNotOptional.#Harvey
SEN SUSAN COLLINS TWICE VOTED NOT GUILTY IN Bill Willy impeachment 1999! Now torpodoes Obamacare Repeal! Strange bedfellows! Recall Her ME!
A photo of you in a boat on the water!? And still no word from you about our families & friends in TX,LA floundering and suffering?

You'll notice I posed my comments as questions. So, thank you @youwordwhiz for bringing @SenatorCollins words to my attention. Glad to know.
You just had to look
I did look. I missed it. Has that ever happened to you?
Our country is suffering from hateful and daily divisive rhetoric. Sadly our two parties lead this march! Call your Senator/PASS TAX REFORM
Remember the   who are struggling in this country due to you and your colleagues on vacation and not doing your job
God bless you. Enjoy!
Yea must be nice while people are out there suffering from flooding! #checkyourprivilege
Senator you deserve a nice vacation but please get back soon and do your job pass real health care and tax reform and tax cuts, thank you
Susan...pls consider presentation to Congress:must UniversalHcare bcs only afford.way=no corps/no admin by gov/corps.&Constn=ALL EQUAL SPPT.
Enjoy your outing !!!  But can you please become a Democrat? ?? The orange lizard is destroying our country,  thank you maam!!!
Glad  u r are enjoying vacation, spouse & I cannot afford it working 2 pay ridiculous health prems along with unhealty air , fires in OR
Looks nice - stay safe.
NewEnglanders heart thrives in tranquil natural beauty 
Great optics while Houston is drowning, Senator.
I don't love Senator Collins, but what does Houston have to do with anything?
Sort of insensitive to Texans suffering while she is paddling about. Texans are paddling for their lives.
I used to spend summers at Pemaquid Lake when I was a kid. Love Maine.
What's biting senator? Fish I mean. I know the no see ums are. home.
No where better to be than #Maine in August.
Millions of Americans who work 24 seven and make a good wage are living without healthcare thanks do you Miss Collins we can't Afford it
somebody should be water skiing the glass! even if it is cold...
Enjoy it.
Too bad you didn't love voting against Obamacare. Also too bad you don't have to use it.
How many accounts do you have bro?
Disgraceful. Do something to help #houston. Hope you are having a great time kayaking while people suffer!
You're a trump supporter  no judging for you... silly loyalist.
You're great.
Americans can't take time off work like you to enjoy their life they're working 24 seven to pay for Obama care for others
I  Maine
Peaceful
Sounds great, but maybe you should have rethought the water-canoe theme at the present moment.
You've been around too long. Spend some more time with Tom. RETIRE
#Susan4SenateMajLeader
Enjoy your vacation rest up Trump still President
I miss #Maine every day. Enjoy!
