You knew it was wrong to deny Garland a hearing. Now you must stand against the nuclear option for Gorsuch.
If you push the nuclear option, Democrats would have no choice but to pack the court with 11 justices should they regain power.
Don't give up all your integrity and principles vote No on Gorsuch
Withdraw Gorsuch nomination and agree on a compromise nominee.
Please vote NO on Gorsuch. Can barely breathe just at the thought of such a heartless ideologue on the Supreme Court!!!
U need to work for the people and vote for Gorsuch he is more fair and qualified than anyone on court.do the right thing
hope you'll reconsider & push for a nominee who can earn bi-partisan support & will make decisions in favor of *humans*.
Senator, please vote against "the nuclear option" - it sets a dangerous precedent for the supreme court nominations. Thank you -
Vote YES for Gorsuch! He is a fantastic Judge with a strong record. He will uphold our constitution & not pervert it with interpretations.
Vote NO on Gorsuch!
1. You claim that Dems are forcing your hand on the nuclear option but you did nothing to stop your party from nuking precedent on Garland.
2. You claim to be a moderate who supports abortion rights. Best way to protect them is to allow the filibuster—force a bipartisan candidate
3. Want to prove to Maine voters that you are what you claim to be? Vote to protect the filibuster.
Reading these tweets u must have a lot of lefties in ur state or r they from ur state

Did you write this? You're a good writer.
Yes, I did. Thanks!
were the words "hypocracy" or "merrick garland" were in your mind as you wrote and delivered your speach. best to find @scotus worthy of 60
Sen. Collins please don't eliminate the filibuster. Replace the nominee not the rule.
Vote No on Gorsuch. Very disappointed in your support of Gorsuch
Thank you Senator Colins for supporting Gorsuch!
oppose his nomination. Garland for SCOTUS!
Hillary for prison!
, this is Merrick Garland. Your party refused to give him a hearing. This seat is not Trump's to fill.
Who are u kidding? Dems have been pulling the same thing for years. Do your research. What's good for the goose is good for the gander
Terrible. With Sally Yates testimony cancelled, Collins position seems like a last minute #gop power grab. We are watching.
Typical of a political weakling.
BE CLEAR.  The nuclear option is YOUR failure.  It is bc YOU've become so partisan and uncompromising.
Though I'm not a constituent, please hear my plea.  Don't vote for the "nuclear option" & talk to @SenatorTomUdall & @MartinHeinrich.
Please vote no to Gorsuch. As women who value reproductive rights, a yes vote is not ok. An investigation is in order for Russian ties first
Vote no on Gorsuch. Please help Mainer's don't sell us out. Get Rid of Nunes.
vote no on Gorsuch. Garland never got a hearing. Sessions must resign
Wa wa wa, Gursuch is on the court and Hillary is NOT your president.
Do not support nuclear option! If Gorsuch can't get 60 votes he should not sit on the Court.
Please stand w your constituents and #VoteNoGorsuch! He doesn't stand up for American workers or for their children! #NoGorsuch
You claim to be a republican and vote against your own party? Shame on you for voting no for Judge Gorsuch! You need to go to the other side
Voters of Maine. Please mount a Primary challenger against this sellout RINO. She has to go!!!
Vote yes on Gorsuch.. Listen to the ones who elected you. Not ones that want you gone.
No on Gorsuch. He shouldn't even have the opportunity after nasty tactics by GOP under Obama. Please.
Gorsuch is wrong for SCOTUS & wrong for America, supporting him = betraying women
So if I give @SenatorCollins $51,550, will she decide NOT to support Gorsuch? It's how much the telecom industry paid her to sell us out...
Full page ad in BDN today - crowd funded & signed by 650+ Mainers all asking you to come home for a talk- there is much to say

Merrick Garland
you are on shaky ground here in Maine. DO NOT support women hater Gorsuck
he is not a good pick
shame on you for this
Shame on you, lucky for us we can vote you out soon.
Vote Yes for Gorsuch.  Great track record and will follow the constitution without bias
.@SenatorCollins Your days are numbered - Also, take a public speaking class, your wavering voice is distracting and lacking any gravitas
I'm wondering if you also stood up for the "unquestionably qualified" Merrick Garland?  Mainers value fairness!
thank you for supporting J. Gorsuch and speaking against filibusters.
what is wrong with you? He hates women...
you just made Maine voters very disappointed.
very disappointed He is an extremist and not good 4 the women and working people in ME. TY for opposing Senate rule changes
lmfao ahhh snap
help keep America great, vote no to Gorsuch
Until we know the extent of #TrumpRussiaCollusion there should be NO VOTE on #Gorsuch We need an #IndependentInvestigation
No on Gorsuch.  Pres Trump under FBI investigation.  Should not have lifetime appointment @SenAngusKing
should be speaking on the floor regarding Judge Garland! #investigatetrump #MerrickGarland
u forget to say he's ultra conservative hard to see our Me Senator  only capable of #partyovercountry
Moderates do not vote for lifetime appts for far right judges in stolen seats Your act today fulfills Russia's plan to undermine democracy
You must vote for Judge Gorsuch. He is non partisan and a fair judge.
wrong wrong wrong
I would think you were a democrat seeing comments here. We need someone on the court who will follow the constitution
Dark Money spent $17 million on Gorsuch; he was more evasive than previous nominees.
Disappointing
why didn't garland deserve floor time?  Gorsuch-in corporate pocket, skirts questions with non-answers, potus under FBI inv.
2017—@SenatorCollins admits she disregarded all her advise/consent lofty ideals when she was constitutionally presented with Garland.
Who know who else deserved an up-or-down vote but didn't get one? Time to return the favor.
Vote No !!
It's a stolen seat, Senator. And you are an accomplice. #FilibusterGorsuch #resist #SCOTUS
Also  for blocking Merrick Garland and voting for Gorsuch. Sally needs to testify publically we need a full, indep. invest.
Susan Collins: always Right and wrong at the same time.
Start explaining to your Grand kids how you helped strip away their rights by voting for a smooth talking con.Votes matter
Cool!Hope you can firmly oppose his nomination!!!
I'm very disappointed in your support of this person. Will be major set back for equality.
i'm sure she's giving her full-on stamp of approval, as always. giving trump exactly what he needs to cover up his crimes.
Then she needs to be a lib instead of the Republican Party. Move to the left Susan Collins!!
confirm Merrick Garland
she is vulnerable, she should change parties.
