Senator, please continue to oppose repealing Obamacare in any form. My family is counting on you to #SaveOurCare Thank you!
Save a failing system.  Seriously?  WOW
It's not failing. Stop listening to Trump's lies. The markets are stable.
The Kaiser Family Foundation is a nonpartisan foundation and their study shows it is not collapsing.
Then I would have to question them.  States with 0 insurance providers and you are ok with that.  200% premium increase is also ok.   Sad!
Those premium increases are from Repub amendments. Trumpcare increases them further.
Um research would do you some good. They started going up in 2016.  Trump was still a candidate.  
Oh thrilling! Not only do you betray your party and your voters. You join fake news to spread your poison. So sick!
They shut her out of the process. She listened to us and put people over party. R's and D's should never get in the way of saving lives.
She is a never Trumper. Her motivation is to undermine Trump. Million suffering under ACA premiums and cost. It's going to implode and fail.
Can you clone yourself , please . So refreshing to listen to a sane Republican.  Thank you for caring .
It is remarkable to see!
Now you are going on fake news.  Amazing.
Lier
TRAITOR
Would be good if you stopped criticizing Mr. Trump and started supporting his efforts to MAGA.
Maybe you can explain your dislike for fat people. Hot mic tells the tale. Good grief.
Why NO tweets about health care?  Not important to you??  YOUR A Traitor 2 THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Why would anyone watch you. Your a liberal in disguise get her out
Stand strong against repeal. Please vote not on the Obamacare repeal. Hi
Wow!!! Didn't even wanna debate a better health bill for the people who your suppose to represent.
Crook
RINO
Thank you Senator.  I watched and was so pleased to hear a reasonable approach! Please speak to your colleagues and continue to be strong!
Please continue to courageously oppose Trumpcare. Millions will lose their insurance, if it passes. Improve ACA is a better focus.
We know your spinless and wont vote yes to fix are health care but can you at least vote yes and proxy so McCain won't die trying to fix it
WHY? Get back to work.
Will never listen to or support you again.
Obstructionist!
She made promises to repeal...and all these dems saying stay strong didn't vote for you sue...we did and you won't get the libertarian vote
Very disappointed that you will not vote to repeal Obamacare now but voted to repeal it when there was no chance that it would pass.
So right! What has happened to our government! We pay their salaries for Christ sake! What a disgrace!
Are we going to have another open mic episode? Really how inappropriate !
You voted to repeal, were you just an obstructionist? This is why we gave you control of the senate
Stop trying to get camera time! Do the job republicans elected you to do #RepealAndReplace the scam of Obamacare or go join your true party!
Who cares? We'll find your replacement!
Please stand firm to protect thedisabled from #medicaid cuts
Do you care about people who can't afford Obamacare or do you care about your tv facetime
Prove to your worried & traumatized constituents you're on their side. #VoteNo

Stand BEHIND this President or change parties.
the ACA is bankrupting me. Seriously. THIS LIFELONG REPUBLICAN IS PISSED
Get on the TEAM !!  Vote to repeal.
You should be thinking of going home and retire!
So I guess he thinks he carried u on his back huh?
You spoke on Face the Nation about legislation impacting nation. Yet when asked to cooperate with party majority you use constituents excuse
Stay strong and oppose this horrendous healthcare bill. The ACA has helped so many, so work to fix it's faults. #NoRepealReplace
Please Senator Collins, don't compromise your morals by supporting the GOP lies on the new healthcare plan!
Vote no on Trumpcare save millions of lives don't take away my healthcare.
Senator Collins thank you for being a true patriot and dedicated public servant to your constituents. We need more senators like you!
How about doing your job that you were voted http://for.Support  our #POTUS u & the rest of the RINOS are a disgrace to him & the people
Instead of criticism it would be wise to become a team player and not a maverick/obstructionist. If not you will own Obamacare. So sad
Please do not vote to repeal #ACA. There will be chaos. Protests like never seen before. #SaveOurCare #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
You have had years to discuss the issues and did nothing. Time to act now. Repeal it all now. Separate Medicaid funding in separate bill.
Unfortunately you sounded just like another R with your excuses.
Senator. Where in Gods name were you in the Obama Administration . Trump is in less than six months and Bob Muller . Really !!
Maybe Senator you should advocate a   Special Counsel for the Obama et al Unmasking and domestic spying that is FACT . Great job Susan !!
GOP promised "more affordable coverage, with lower premiums and everyone covered"...Trump was to reduce costs from better drug co pricing.
I'm a independent who votes for Dems and a few Republicans I wish more Republicans were like you Senator Collins!
Take the R next to your name and replace it with an L
You are a WOMAN OF SUBSTANCE- thank you. Please keep STANDING UP 4 DEMOCRACY.TRUMP scares us- his backers R buying up media & ads 4 propgnda
Thank you for being s voice of reason in these confusing times- trying to work across party lines, working on healthcare with women in mind.

Americans should remember Comey, another Obama appointee, leaked an opinion memo and manipulated the Justice… https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/07/23/americans-should-remember-comey-another-obama-appointee-leaked-an-opinion-memo-and-manipulated-the-justice-department-to-appoint-a-special-prosecutor-to-investigate-obamas-lies-about-collusion-and/ …
Thank you for being logical and acting in the interest of the American people.  We need more statesmen like you. Public servants.
You will be voted out along with your rino friends. Put on your big girl panties and support what the people elected you to do.
Thank you for staying strong Senator Collins! The American people are so very proud of you!!! 
Obamacare is a loser!
Thank you for standing up for Americans over any party
Sen Collins u were wonderful!Articulate /American people focused / straight forward & I didn't feel like I had to take a shower afterwards!
I support you even though I'm a R from CA. Wish @RepMimiWalters CA45 would represent even a small fraction of how you do.
A perfect venue for you to stab @POTUS in the back and wear your Rino views like a true democrat  why not announce your joining resistance
Of course they will have you on because you are a liberal hack that bashes the party you supposedly represent you Cornish hen
Senator Collins it is so refreshing to hear your comments. So proud of your efforts and commitment.
Thank you for your message. I'll be seeing you live.
Thank you Senator for your fair & reasonable views on healthcare. I hope your colleagues listen...GOP needs more like you
Obamacare is a loser! Collins will own Obamacare! Unconscionable and unacceptable
"Fix major flaws in OCare". U've made it clear u stand with Dems monstrosity of govt run healthcare just like 2015. Put a D after your name
Great interview, Senator! Thank you for your determination and leadership.
Don't agree w/your comment re Comey leaking docs to a friend.  He was no longer a govt employee & already gave docs to his boss before fired
Why are you condescending to the @POTUS of your own party on national television?
It would be great if all senators read the healthcare bill before they vote.
Stop being an obstructionist. You're not a republican. Change your title and make it official.
Glad you are there. Love your stand against new health care law. Protect our poor and our seniors. Fix Obamacare!! Much easier #fixit.
Obamacare is a loser and socialism doesn't work
Face The Nation. Sue acting like the democrat she is wants to fix Obamacare when the entire voting GOP in the country do not want a fix.
You mean the be 36% who think they want Chump Care? The majority of the country is leaning towards single payer universal health care.
You mean the takers want the makers to pay for their healthcare. Joshua let me remind you who won the election with this visual aid.
These attitudes and messages of domination are helping people make up their minds to abandon Trump, the R party, and related propaganda.
Right Loki and Hillary would have president if the Russians didn't intervene. The Democrats will win the Congress Ha, ha, ha,
Thank you @SenatorCollins for being a voice of reason
Obamacare is a loser!
This was a excellent face the nation show
Making your case for govt controlled healthcare.  You have no credibility.  Only republican I know who supports the baby parts seller
Awesome
Please don't cave. We need you to stay strong!
Obamacare is a loser! Wake up
Sen Collins- keep working for Maine and the American people. Don't get sidelined
Thank you@SenatorCollins doe your leadership on healthcare.  This healthcare Exec thanks you for caring for the least among us.
Acting like a democrat
I can't wait.. this clown has the IQ of a turtle.
#POTUS 
You know I will. Eager to hear from you. Please you are 1 person I have been so proud of and touting. I have said "you arr1of a few putting
Standing by Jeff Sessions is the right thing to do.  Are you going to change your position on that later too?
Traitor.....
Thanks again for protecting the people
Vote NO
i will be watching
You use GOP party resources to get elected and just act as a thorn in its side. Worst kind of snake in the grass.
She is an independent caucusing with republicans.
Will you be telling them who has bought you to fight against repeal?  If not then don't.
If it is repealed, then be ready for a single payer system.
Repeal ACA replace later
Stay strong!!! 
You need to rethink your DISCRIMINATORY bills that protect only minorities but NOT WHITE PEOPLE! Minorities can be VICIOUS and HATEFULL 2
Repeal the unaffordable care act Senator..
Replace it later!
Thank you
Here's hoping your commonsense about the health care bill will catch on.  Thank you for #ProtectOurCare
I will!
How exciting Susan  you got my support
you go girl
Please answer the question: why do you still stick by Sessions?
Thank you for your courageous stand.
Obamacare is a loser! Collins will own it! Unconscionable and unacceptable

CALL: (202) 224-3121
*Tell your reps to #FixACA…
