Thank you for voting "No" today to not move forward to debate the repeal of Obamacare. Wish more Republicans had the courage that you do.
Obamacare is collapsing...without a replacement or alternative... There'll be no healthcare insurance that's affordable and accessible!!!!
Also, as it stands now Trump's alternative would make the situation worse with less accessibility and much higher costs according to CBO.
What could possibly be worse than no insurance nor accessibility to healthcare? Use your brain!!!
You need to use your brain and read the CBO score for both the ACA and T'care. You'd know millions more would be covered under the ACA.
Yes it is. Under Trumpcare 24 million will be kicked off their health insurance and premiums will increase 15-20% higher than the ACA.
@VP BROKE THE TIE After 2 #GOP #Traitors Sided with #democRATS! http://truthfeed.com/pence-just-broke-the-tie-after-these-2-gop-traitors-sided-with-democrats/94896/ …

@SenatorCollins #Maine

@lisamurkowski  #Alaska
because those two good senators care about people..

Why not... I did 
Susan Collins just betrayed the American people.  She will be primaried - needs to pack her bags !!!
She should switch to independent.  I don't think she's too worried. She is supporting her constituents.
These "discssions" were not about that at all.  Just procedure. This bill was crafted in the dark. No working committees, hearings, etc.
The VOTE was to proceed with discussions! PERIOD
Ok. Technically, but practically- No REAL discussion are being permitted. This is NOT the way to legislate and it is NOT regular order.
Yes! You should work together with your Republican Party. Finding the solutions to the certain death of Obamacare. No $$ to find Obamacare!
"Fund"
Please urge him to retire no one should be in congress for over 3 decades. System failure. Make a bill for term limits.2 terms max. Lifetime
Thanks for nothing.  Because of Obamacare system errors over past year costing me literally 1000's of hrs.my wife and I have no insurance.
Democrats were not concerned about 'working together' when they rammed this garbage down our throat.
Please for the love of god run for governor of Maine. I would love to laugh in your face when you ask for my vote and not let you speak.
You're a hateful person Susan Collins, I listened to what you said on a hot mic, you're shameful!
No she isn't. She told the truth and she did not say anything that could not have been said to the offensive people's face.
Look at all the Dems thanking you for your vote today. You need to leave the Republican Party and put a 'D' next to your name.  We remember!
I just thanked her for her vote and I'm a registered republican. I am not a FoxNews zombie and I put country before party each time
How could any sane person trust the corrupt politicians in Washington DC with healthcare for half a billion ppl? Look at their track record.
Yes, another RINO urging GOP to do what Dems failed to do when they confiscated 1/6 of the economy with Obamacare. Suypport @POTUS #MAGA
So proud of Senator McCain...he's a hero and the kind of senator, like you, that we need more of
And then vote to allow it. The speech is all empty words. Real action would have been to vote no. Standing up for those that will be hurt.
His vote speaks a lot louder than his words, unfortunately.
What vote are you talking about?
"Heartwarming" = No ACA, Balanced Budget, Tax reform & build the wall!
Trump supporters will not forget. You did not support the President.
Oh no! She's in big trouble now 
You WON!! Your prize is ObamaCare 
Uhuh and what about when she voted yes for a full repeal two years ago did you applaud her then?
Uhuh so in ur mind it's more important to keep Obamacare as is than to at least allow an open debate on changes?
Really! When did McCain ever work together with anyone.
His speech means nothing  and his attitude is disgusting.
Bless him and bless you! Thank you for taking a strong stands against repealing the ACA. Onward to expand Medicare!!
Unfortunately, his vote did not match his words
Too bad he didn't vote for that.
He kept a bill that was crafted in the men's room alive, & for what? The Senate he describes does not exist under Mitch.
And then you three stooges blew up health care.  What a team.
Yall hold hands and kiss my ass!!!"
You aren't genuine. Never heard you "for"... Tell country about scourge of heroine in your family.
Ps. Tell us a both her health conditions.
He voted wrong. He just got taxpayer funded health care for his cancer and voted to take the same away from millions of Americans.
Agreed. Hypocritical.
Today you showed you are also a hero w/ your vote! Thank you for being a good person. PS: My $ is on YOU in a dual with Rep. Farenthold!
Thank you Senator Collins for your NO vote today. It takes more than a speech. I will wait to see what John McCain does.
As a Vietnam vet Mcain proved why he is not a hero to us ..... He choose to turn his back on his promise to repeal Obamacare
Ya he was able to return quickly, he has a gold plated health care plan paid by the forgotten man. On Obama care plan he still be waiting
Whole heartedly grateful to see him & the countries prayers are w/him.  HE didn't have Obamacare, THANK GOD! UR NOT AWARE OF THE SUFFERING!
Sen Collins...why are you not supporting Repeal & Replace Obamacare?
It would have been inspiring if he voted no, so we could have a bipartisan discussion on how to benefit all Americans. #singlepayer
Singlepayer doesn't work. Take it from a Canadian. I wish we had a different system.
Single payer--but hybrid delivery system (mix public/private markets).
Yes, we have single payer with mostly private delivery and it doesn't work. The system adds longer wait times & rationed care.
In Chaoulli v Quebec (AG) the Supreme Court ruled Quebec is violating the Charter by prohibiting private insurance for long wait times.
See, in Canada we're going in the other direction as our healthcare system declines. Single payer sounds great, but it doesn't work.
McCain needs to resign. I wish him well but this is a crisis!!
You are a rhino liberal, resist, resist. We will remember.
You know what, just do it and stop talking about
.Too bad that you ignored it
Y r u a republican
You really listened didn't you! That is why you voted AGAINST further discussion on HEALTH CARE! RSVP
Is he crazy too... Check with your democratic buddies...let us know
No, Senator. It is YOU who is inspirational and heartwarming. Thank you for your NO vote. Keep fighting. We stand with you.
Just before he voted against millions of Americans. You voted for the people not the party line. Thank you!
But, yet YOU refuse to work with the others.  Just obstruct.

SO odd that you make that particular remark.  Maybe look in the mirror first?
And hear you bad mouth the president was disgraceful.
Words are easy. His votes speak louder, unfortunately.
Yes maybe you should try working with the Republicans as you claim to be. All we see is a RINO.
Senator Collins standing tall for American people.
Senator McCain is a great man and I was after discovering I served on USS Intrepid with him, honored to be in his presence!
But McConnell won't listen.
Thank you both for your NO votes!  Come on over to the Democrat side!  We will welcome you both!!
You and Johnnie boy both need to go home!!!!!!! Our country deserves better representation!!!!! MAGA
Thank you, Sen. Collins, for standing up for righteousness, and for putting country and constituents before party. #staystrong
Let's hope he stands by that speech Actions Speak Louder then Words!
You have no idea of what is going on with the American people WE DO NOT WANT GOVT HEALTHCARE PERIOD!!!!
too bad he voted to take healthcare away from the MILLIONS of people who PAID FOR HIS HEALTHCARE
not so heart warming for you to vote NO on debating HC...DO YOUR JOB, protect Americans not just your own self interests
U should hv been inspired 2support @POTUS! U won't even  
vote YES 2 bring #SenateHealthCareBill 2 DISCUSS? Represent ur constituents! #MAGA
.....then heartbreaking to see him vote yes to repealing the ACA.
Repeal Obamacare Senator!
You don't even want to debate healthcare... what are you being paid to do exactly?
Senator McCain also has had free healthcare his entire life.  He has no idea what suffering he has caused.
But he lied.
ACA was debated in three House and two Senate committees and subject to hours of bipartisan debate that allowed amendments.
REALLY?! It was heartwarming that he benefited from his taxpayer funded health care, then flew in to D.C. to strip millions of theirs?
You are a hero, patriot, and a true leader!  Thank you for voting no.  I'm from NJ but will be sending money to your campaign!
That's what a President sounds like! We need a leader like John McCain @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @Scaramucci @ananavarro
Heartwarming indeed. But it is not possible to benefit all.
America begging you all to act on those inspirational words by @SenJohnMcCain
I had hoped his health scare might make him realize how important it is for EVERYONE to have access to great health care.Not just the elite
I agree, but it's sad to see that as usual he voted differently than he spoke.  Thank *you* for voting as you speak.  Stand firm!
Susan better take those words to hart#out of a job
It is time for you to begin your 2020 campaign for president. A challenge to Donald Trump is a moral imperative to save the soul of the GOP.
Good thing McCain has federal employee health insurance and not Trumpcare.
Thanks for your courage in standing up to the White House, Sen. Collins!
This won't bode well for you in the long run.  You deserve none is the millions the RNC has raised.  Go beg the DNC for money and support.
I was just appointed in McCain's vote, but I like the majority of his speech.
And yet you still voted no on reform, very disappointed
. You are such a hypocrite.
And his reminder the Senate is EQUAL to the Exec. Branch. Pointed.
I agree, it was indeed an inspiring speech. But he needs to follow up and use his vote to help make it happen! Otherwise, it was just talk.
Thank you, @SenatorCollins for your courage in doing the right thing with your no vote today.
But he could have guaranteed bipartisan cooperation if he had voted no on MTP as you did!
Yes heart warming but unlike you you traitor he voted YES
Work together for ALL of us. We are the only civilized nation with no Universal Healthcare. Please let you all do what is right.

If only his actions would match his words....his actions do not support his constituents. Words are wind without matching action.
Yet he voted for the bill to strip healthcare away  @SenJohnMcCain talks a good game, but puts party before his constituents
@SenatorCollins: you need to vote to repeal Obamacare- you owe it to the American voters who put you in office. Have courage and integrity.
Yeah, dragging himself out of bed to cover for you ! Very heartwarming huh? Way to go. Your days are numbered.
Then watching him vote to strip 22 millions of health care makes it not heartwarming & not inspirational but sad and pathetic really
For all those that are happy with her vote, you are rooting on no healthcare
I hope u get dumped by Maine,u hot mic traitorous word slurring has been!
me to praying for him, but then tonight he voted against  the people
I guess you stopped listening to him when he suggested you vote to open the debate.  Two face!
Put your deeds where your mouth is, McCain. I am tired of you giving emotional speeches then kicking us in the face with your votes.
@SenJohnMcCain enjoyed world class healthcare and then voted to set in motion a death sentence for others. He's no hero. Not anymore.
Too bad he had to return because of your vote.
How about getting on board the Trump Train Sen. Susan ........ or just go be a Democrat
Working together?? Says the Senator who won't work FOR the people! Is my mic  on??? #Hannity #FoxNews #Tucker
Is there ONE Republican willing to walk that talk
Hypocritical since the Hot Mic caught you #fat-shaming another colleague. Heartless & uninspiring you should apologize!!
And then you voted no. Couldn't have been that heart warming.
And yet he could have killed the bill and he choose not to. He would have done more good staying in bed. @JohnMcCain
He was FORCED to return in his frail state BC YOU voted NO! SHAME ON YOU, senator.

Would have been more inspirational and bipartisan if he had voted no. You're the one with courage and heart, Senator.
Then he voted YES. Just like you should have!!!
You don't belong in the Senate.  You aren't so slim either.
I hope a democrat runs against you and wins. You have called our President crazy by not saying anything to Sen. Reed.
It actually broke America's heart when he did what he did.
I wish he was brave like you though :(  What is he afraid of?
And you are a mean girl!! How inspiring to young girls! Shame on you...vote out a person as despicable as you.
Thnk U for UR candor even if UR words were unintentionally recorded.
You're kidding right? 
...It's good to see such comity.
@puppymnkey @kmcbrd2 Oh yes, SO heartwarming 2 hear him right b4 he voted in lockstep with the other Repubs. Mitch ok'd only 2 no votes.#SAD
Anybody can say "let's be bipartisan." Let's see if his words and actions actually line up, like yours have. I'll believe it when I see it.
thank you, God Bless John McCain least he voted to yes not bad for another rino, not bought  by lobbyist, u
Also heart warming to see you STAND FOR MILLIONS, against your SPINELESS colleagues. Thank you @SenatorCollins
Heartwarming until he votes.
Yeah, sounded good but then he did the wrong thing and voted yes! SAD!
And then you voted to not even discuss healthcare. #GrowUp
You didn't listen very well because you voted no to move forward with working on a healthcare plan for all America!!
But you didn't do it!
Yes, the Americans you have ignored. Go with Trump or get out before you're voted out. Is that clear enough?
Isn't he one of those that has brought us to this precipice?  #Trump has brought us disgrace, shame to our country, now this?
Disheartening to see @SenJohnMcCain YES vote.
If we could make that leap from heartwarming to "Congress doing their job" it would be lovely.
It was good to see him. His speech was excellent, but his vote showed a lack of courage. You showed that courage.
Then why don't you? You've been corrupted by those who've never voted for you and NEVER will. The hell to those that HAVE. Do your job.
Unfortunate that he voted as he did, which only serves to make many of us feel hopeless. Many w/ his disease will not get the care he's had.
He should b ashamed...for supporting this bill after the experiencing his own stint with healthcare...
Would have been actually heartwarming to see him vote no and end this immoral healthcare bill that would harm millions of Americans.
Unfortunately, before @SenJohnMcCain made his speech, he supported #Trump's MTP to take #Healthcare away from 32 million people. #hypocrisy
Great speech from a hypocrite, how did he get rich as a politician, shouldn't happen.
YOU could have stood up & voted for debate & prevented Sen McCain from a risky trip b/c of RINO LOSERS like you! You have NO prayer in 2020!
You dem friends are obviously encouraging you to go against our Pres. - you will lose your seat
Thank u for voting NO on MTP.
The same John McCain that cost people thousands in a bank failure? Oh NO...
Nice to see that his hypocrite has access to excellent health and working so hard to take away from everyday Americans.
not so inspirational when he voted in a way contrary to his words.
Thank you for your no vote today Senator Collins! You are excellent!
Wish he had supported your bold move to protect health care for millions of Americans.
EXCEPT that his presence enabled a possible massacre of American Poor and Middle Class. Sadly, his heroism is well contained to the 60's
Heartwarming but and then he stabbed America in the back!!
Thank you for your courage today. I'm a liberal but love you both. #StrongerTogether
It would have been even nicer if he took a stand against the chaos going on in the Senate and voted NO. TY Senator Collins 4 voting no.
He is more dedicated than you - back stabbing is not professional it's back stabbing
Also respect his commitment to actually trying to fix healthcare.  Oh wait, sorry, that's not you.  Coward!!
The lack of public transparency and bipartisanship in this process is making Americans sick, literally. Please stop this madness.
Too bad his vote proves otherwise
you are a very big dissapointment. Bye, bye
Yes but will your Republican colleagues do so ???????
Not so heartwarming that he received the best care courtesy of American taxpayers then voted to take away our care.
Heartwarming?  More like heartburn.
Too bad he voted to take away from others the healthcare he's getting. Not the Legacy I would choose.
What could possibly make you think that ass deserves praise right now?
You're a traitor to POTUS, to the Republicans & to the American people. You voted for Obamacare. Enjoy your primary when it comes around!
So, does the new health care bill benefit the less fortunate or the people who really don't care about the less fortunate?
Heartwarming? Your voting with the dems forced this dying man to fly across the country.
Pack you bags Susan Collins.. We won't forget what u did today! You're a traitor! You're a Democrat, not a republican!
#ObamaCare is a scam!
yeah he had to come in because of you...
Why did you vote for #ObamaCare?
You'll be replaced soon!!!
I wish Senator McCain the best and am grateful for his heroic return for the vote.  But, you are no different than Elizabeth Warren.  Fake R
You've had 7 years to think about this subject. Now, it's time do something. It doesn't have to be everything today, but start today.
You of all people should listen!
Only wish @SenJohnMcCain put his voice and vote with you @SenatorCollins
Glad he's better physically. But still a party,ego over country weasel.  You are  strength of the party and you remind me of what once was
Now can we all work together and REPLACE Trump ? Nothing but a big bully ! Congress stand UP to him
Pot calling Kettle black...
@SenatorCollins - Hypocrite On The Hill - Now This...
Complete Disgrace.
Hope you listened to what he said, Rhino!!!
You're a traitor to our party. Resign
She's not a traitor to your party she is standing up for all Americans you included!
