Send Collins a working for the insurance lobbyist

Tami, it is clear that you put party before people.  Our country is EXTREMELY divided-Ms. Collins is a person that can build a bridge.
No one should have their government force them to pay for healthcare.!
Good to know that you will not be taking Medicare.
That "forcing" people to pay by creating a tax.n That idea came from Rand Paul's health plan. When he ran for POTUS
Stop being a traitor. Do your job!
Instead of grandstanding on nbc, you should have been talking to Maine's governor.
Your greed for Planned Parenthood $$$ is hurting working class people that need access to affordable premiums. PP will be just fine!
PP is NOT the problem!
IA stopped supporting PP & women in that county drive 2 hrs now
AZ PP TOTALLY underfunded! Full price, waiting list.
High premiums are because the GOP won't pay insurance company the money they are owed.
If you watched the video, she explains it!
% false! Premiums are high because claims are high! Young & healthy refuse to buy ACA
Young and healthy don't have to buy ACA because of parent insurance loop hole. DEMS were idiots to allow that as part of ACA!
You are both wrong! 
The young & healthy have health insurance through their parents.
Which means, their parents are paying their share.
We need Tort reform and ability to cross state lines. So selfish
Yes, and let's do away with Medicare while we are at it.  Enough of sitting around the house watching Hannity & cashing Soc Sec cheques!
You sure love that liberal media don't you.  Be sure to give them as many anti-Trump sound bites as you can. How about stay in DC and WORK?
So sad
You were in company with Chuck Todd now that we know you are basically a Democrat in Republican clothing
My cat's more of a Republican than you are. Keeping hurting the American public by giving us that by-partisan line. U R hurting my family.
you mean UPCHUCK? #voteherout
You notice she a few other RINOs are the only GOPs that are invited to MSM.
YOU ARE NOT A REPUBLICAN.   CHANGE PARTIES WE DO NOT WANT YOU
Abortion is the taking of innocent life - not legal to fund w/ taxpayer $$$
No one cares what you have to say.
you sure do a lot of talking to the liberal media.They are the only ones who will listen except for other rhinos
Go away join the communist party
So you fighters for America, and Senators with honor, she may not know it yet, or maybe she does that we have her on the ropes.
You are a hero, Senator. For your service, for your courage and for your dedication to your constituents. You are a credit to our nation.
she voted for it when she knew Barack wouldn't sign it...so you think she is a hero?
Considering why she voted against it, absolutely. Or did you not see the massive change in public opinion about the ACA v R plans?
nobody watches nbc
Thank you, again for standing up for Mainers and all Americans! Now it's time to #FixACA with #BipartisanLegislation #mepolitics
Thank you to Elizabeth Warren for standing up as always
I'd like to see you talk to Sean @seanhannity He'd chew you up. RINO!
AARP is backing Susan Collins AARP is a democratic organization
Thank you, please keep the fight up. Awesome interview today, thank you for telling the truth today thank you for everything u have done!
You are helping to destroy health care for American's.  Gov. controlled health care will only lead to death panels.
Thank you, it would be great if we could have expanded Medicaid in Maine
of course you did. Shame on you!
Greed for the medicaid money tainted gour vote.  Dump collins in the next election
Thank you for being a role model for Americans & women
You speak the #truth 
"we didn't realize ppl would be so sick"
Don't they get it now?
Senator Collins appears on every Dem network.  She is not loyal to constituents or to our President.  Voted for AHC?  Vote her out term end
Two of a kind....fake news.....fake senator!
#Liar
Also, keeping & fixing the ACA is the most fiscally responsible choice. Cheaper than a whole new beaurocracy. Tell the Tea Party!
What's a Tea Party? You're out of touch with reality. Has nothing to do with them. The Unaffordable Doesn't care act is too expensive.
Thank you for standing up to this insane potus
You were great. So glad you will work together now and stabilize insurance rates
If you look at Gloria and other of her threw Little supporters, they are Democrats sore loosing Trump haters.
You may have one more chance to keep your promise. Don't think those little bitty claps you had gather up is going to save you.

You Suck!!!  RHINO establishment....Who is paying you to vote this way?  Let's look up your donations.
Idiot
If you run for governor run as a Democrat the GOP won't nominate you
Did you mention why you LIED
You are right Senator Collins.  When Congress uses the bipartisan process, u are capable of great things.
You should be meeting about Impeachment. #TheResistance
I am very concerned about our President 's mental health.I fear his judgement and thinking may be affected by this.National security threat.
 thank you
all talk no action seven years of talk no action useless drain the swamp flush the toilet
Military wife 22yrs. ACA works for our working poor kids. Pls don't chg. If you must go to single payer. Austraila pays less for healthcare!
You made women proud everywhere!  Now what you guys going to do about that commander in chaos?
I just want to thank you for being a strong woman who voted based on your judgment and not on party lines.
In your profile photo, you look just as pleased with yourself as can be. Well, WE'RE NOT PLEASED WITH YOU! You're not CHAINED to Obamacare!
You should have made sure the mic was off, you Hypocrite!
I must applaud you on your interview you are 100% correct.  I think fixing the short comings is the correct path forward, you are restoring
My faith in the Senate
BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and Members of Congress Should end I would like your support on this. If it's good for us its good for you!
How about having some guts and joining @foxnews to discuss your decision...pathetic

Thank you! The best politicians put their constituents needs above party politics and you just did that 
now speak about impeachment through the gOp under the bus impeach trump this bs has to come to an end. voters need see who's who in these x
You are a traitor. You're not worried at all about people who have no insurance because prems and deds are too high. Who's bribing you?
Thank you for your intelligence, humanity and bravery.
What you really mean thanks for your lying.
You need to be voted out!
It is time to repeal O'care to help those who pay their own way as well as pay taxes which helps others. Regulations cause the high cost.
Your airport reception stranger by the minute why would u receive cheers 4 having ppl pay more for health coverage? Seems like a setup.
Where would a traitor go for mercy?
Answer:  #chuckTodd
Disappointed.  Unaffordable Act - killing us. Deductibles astronomical.
You are a traitor
Those cheerleaders at the airport were paid for by the socialist party.  Hey collins, can we have national healthcare like Venzualia
forget the cameras and get constructive on reform.  no one likes a nay sayer from sidelines when people are hurting.
hope POTUS takes away your health care subsidies. Maybe you'll fix the system.
We are going to vote you out!                                You betrayed the people who put you there and your party.
You should be a Democrate , it seems they all believe it's not a tragedy to kill unborn babies by supporting planned parenthood
2018 TRUMP SUPPOTERS  BY 2018 SUSAN COLLIN  WE TRUMP SUPPOTER WILL VOTE YOU OUT  OF OFFICE
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
Give blue water veterans their earned agent orange benefits
Please retire.
Of course you did...
& u spoke well & very learned!! If only a few others followed ur lead - or talked to Fmr Sen Dave Durenburger, rep healthcare policy maven
Americans did NOT forget your promise to repeal/replace Ocare if re-elected. You're interview just ADDED MORE nails to your coffin.
You were brilliant, that's exactly what we want congress to do.

Obama jammed the ACA down our throats with no bipartisan support & now you want to play pattycakes with Democrats



Thank you for your vote! You are my hero! 
You absolutely failed working republicans...
I will vote for anyone but you next time you are up for reelection
Impressive turn on @MeetThePress today. Thank you.
You were great on MTP. Hit everything right on the head.
Never voting for u again #termlimits #DrainTheSwamp
No one cares what Collins thinks
You said you would vote for repeal and replace. You lied to Us. You should be helping McConnell write the bill. ACA is crushing us.
Of course you were on NBC... you let us down.
You are an American hero @SenatorCollins !
In listening to a number of Sunday news shows today in which @SenatorCollins was interviewed, I was struck by how smart, tough, /1
You are finished. Hope to never see you again on MSM.
Did U tell Chuck Todd (Pro Dem/Anti Trump reporter). re: how the bill limits care to SAVE MONEY!! Read Dr. Emmanuel's part of the bill.
I cant believe you voted no on repeal after you voted yes and promised repeal.  You will not get my support.
You Lead!!  I'm with you! The folk I'm working with now are with you! NagBayHCF..my Whittneyville neighbors & even my Dem.friends WE all!
And you were great @SenatorCollins ! Making me wish we hadn't sold our #Camden #Maine house! We will be BACK soon when kids go to college!
So happy you stood strong for your constituents. We need more noble women in our government. Thank you.
I had just about lost hope in most congress people, and then you popped up on the radar. Thanks for restoring my faith! Stay strong!
Ocare is not cost efficient. Going to bankrupt this country.   You will be voted out of office
disgusted w/ @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins for dropping the ball on working Americans paying huge premiums!  #NOTCOOL
We need to get insurance companies out of our healthcare. They get away w/ highway robbery. #HR676 #singlepayer
Thank you for your "NO" vote on health care.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner Sessions Devoss all GOP Reps voting 4 ACA repeal replace. Trump not a leader.
Mental Health care for you is what you should be thinking about!
Shame on you & you excuses for blocking access to healthcare while simultaneously saying you want everyone to have it. You are the problem!
My wife is 63  we have to pay for maternity and pediatric care under ACA. Our premium is as high as our mortgage payment. Can't keep our Dr.
It is not an issue of access to insurance. It is an issue of access to care!
Traitor! Dem! On the lib Chanel's , do you see anything different? It's time you change parties. Turncoat! MAGA!!!!
You WILL be voted OUT.
Thank you for putting people before party.  You're a true American hero 
Only one praising u are Able-bodied people getting a free ride off the rest of us! While the working cant afford to see a doctor!
Did u tell the people that if u need meds they are fully paid for?
Did u tell the people watching your exempt from obama care?? Did u tell them u go to a doc anytime u want and its paid for?
U said you would repeal it! Your a dam LIAR!!!!! u voted to keep obama care as it is! People cant see a doc cant pay for meds!
Thank you @SenatorCollins for your thoughts and ideas today on healthcare.
That was really a waste of airtime. Ratings are awful
@nanatoyou @chucktodd @NBCNews @MeetThePress
Thank you Senator for your logic, and desire to follow normal process/procedure to improve the ACA. Sunshine in gov., less closed door.
She is pandering on liberal news http://channels.Vote  her out soon. Trump is here for 8 swamp draining years.Ring her phone off now folks
You sold out to http://me.You  seem to liberal and I hope you are voted out .Republicans like you need to be gone.Trump 8 years.
THE TRUTH IS SENATOR, YOU HAVE GREAT HEALTH INSURANCE, YOU SHOUKD THANK THE PEOPLE, WHO CANT AFFIRD HEALTH INSURANCE BECAUSE OF YOU
Welcome to obama care lady. If anyone deserves it, you do!
Sen. Collins you are a woman of substance.
So Senator we you lying then or now?
I am a Democrat, but I have to say, watching you on 'Meet the Press' gave me hope for the future. People like you are the future of the GOP
Your Wrong Appeal it to STOP MANDATORY HEALTH CARE then work on a New Solution you have to Stop Obamacare FIRST !
I respect your stand on health care. Keep fighting for ME and the country. You make me proud to have lived in ME & give me hope to move back
So please fix ACA. Please. Thank you for standing up to the bullies in Congress and the biggest bully in the @WhiteHouse
I am so afraid O'Connell is going to do something underhanded and I loose my health care.
#mepolitics have watched and are embarrassed with your performance of late. Your promise to replace and repeal was a lie.
Thank you Senator for having a backbone!  You are a credit to all those in government.  Stay strong!
Senator Collins, you are an inspiration. Thanks for continuing to advocate for democratic processes that can create good legislation for ALL
you're so out of touch you think being invited on NBC with chuck todd and CNN with fake tapper is a good thing your political career is over
Great interview Senator and once again THANK YOU for your courage on the health care vote!
Go run for Gov. We gotta get you out of the Senate.
Thank you for your courageous vote.

These senators reject trump's bullying. They are for the people. Re-elect them!
If they had to use Obama care like the rest of us schmucks they would've voted differently
Why don't you speak to the REP party on how you failed them again. #FakeNews #RETIRE
Appreciate your caring, practical and levelheaded leadership. More of that needed in Washington.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAR1b8QkY2s … #ISaidThatButMeantThis
You will not be re selected in 2020.
No, but she could be re-elected.
Try voting Yes!
Would love 2 C U give your time 2 some REAL journalists like @ChrisLynnHedges , @HumanistReport , @KyleKulinski , @Lukewearechange 
Luv U SC
Who cares you missed your chance.
That's the right network for you
You well ought to support what the base voted for! Unrepresentative government. http://truthfeed.com/flashback-video-susan-collins-exposed-as-the-fraud-she-is/96367/ … #COLLINS
thank you for your leadership, Senator. The Future is Female and you ladies proved that.
I heard Chucky was having a few democrats on to talk about how they screwed @POTUS   I hope he forces you into Obamacare u saved it Rino
That doesn't change the fact that Obamacare is socialized medicine n democrats are seeking single payer. Your vote has brought them closer.
When DEM leaders hail U as their champion, U go on all Fake News Networks 2 explain; Do U see anything wrong with this Picture? JUDAS-RINO
Ayuh.
Conservatives deserve better than you Senator you have been a liberal socialist your entire time in the Senate.

Thank you for realizing that America wants their Senators to actually govern in a way that will work for all the American people.
Keep up the hard work, Senator! Congress exists to fix problems, not create them. This chaos is harming people's health.
When Chuck Schumer, DEMs praise ur betrayal of the GOP, do U consider yourself a Judas 2 the GOP. Do U believe all who voted Repeal R Stupid
Of course a Democrat on Chuck Todd. A republican would be on fox
That's all you do is talk!  Try working!  Do you even know how to spell "work"?  7-1/2 years to "work" on HC & nothing from u.  TERM LIMITS!
Give up your government health insurance...until you feel the pain that we feel NOTHING will get done.
You hold your ground girl
Healthcare for those that don't. How much is enough for you?
Please get that lunatic of a president out of office before something really bad happens
Yea and you wanted more handouts from the fed govt, how much is enough? Working people are paying for the food, housing, cell phones, and
KEEP Standing with the Maine People! You are the Voice of All of US! @realDonaldTrump SEE Trump WE Stand W/ Our representatives! NOT JUST U!
I believe a few months of congress and senate on Obamacare plan would change things quick. I pray that the new plan
Extremely proud of your strength working for the citizens
Thanks for your vote! Keeping us healthy!
God Bless you good lady!!
Who cares what you think anymore. You've long faded into irrelevancy
It wasn't the poor folks he threatened to cut subsidies but the rich ins. Companies and rich congress. #maga
Enjoy your remaining time in office. You won't be reelected again.
You run on repealing it then don't!!!!  Hypocrite!
You betrayed conservatives, but then, your not a conservative.  RINO
