Thank you Senator Collins! I am the caregiver to my 81 yo Queen mother Lola who suffers from dementia. I rejoice knowing that more resources will be available to caregivers. Looking forward to explore the RAISE Act. Kudos to you!
Too bad they won't have healthcare to go along with it thanks to you.
Since you failed to remove the ACA albatross from around our necks, you have no credibility with me.
Hes sick.
Congratulations
Carers are so important. Thank you for your compassion and your bipartisan efforts, Senator Collins!
You are like my new hero, Senator Collins! Maybe I'll move to Maine (from California).
California is a noose around everyone's neck...Huge antagonists and obstructionists..
Yep, Claudia, bigly antagonists and obstructionists. And proud to be a Californian.
Old time New En glander
So? And what exactly is old time New En glander? Sounds like some kind of disease (I work in the medical profession).
People with morals, values, descency
People in the south? Do you not follow news? Oh, you probably hate homosexuals, people of color, anyone DIFFERENT.  You misspelled decency.
Well another republican waste of a bill - Thanks Sue for not doing anything with substance for your party.
Susan if you don't support tax reform,  Or hold it up, please just switch parties. I fear you are going to find a reason to say no.
I am a caregiver how do I get paid? Come on Susan answer the question!
I takecare of my Mom.I can't work out of the home..We kept her out of nursing home which WOULD cost the GOV medicaid money strtg 2 years ago
Thank you for passing sponsoring the RAISE Act!
Maybe the GOP who do not agree with Trump should speck up.   Tax reform is a house of lies: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/09/tax_reform_is_one_big_lie.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … … … via @slate
You need to fix healthcare. And no nit with Medicaid for all!
Thank you for continuing to lead and do work through the chaos of this Administration.
I'm a caregiver.  How does this help me/my family?
It is great.
Caregiving left me homeless
Now terminally ill and homeless
Here is the rest if you want to read it: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1028 …
Thank you!
As a mom of a developmentally delayed son, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. This is a vulnerable population.
What good is this program to caregivers when they have 100% increases in ACA rates taking away up to 50% of family budget gee thanks Susan
hard to believe anything you say, post the link to the roll call vote.
Thank you. It's this kind of effort is what will make America a better place for everyone.
Which are?
Senator Collins. Please vote no on budget. Again taking money from social security, medicare. Military doesnt want or need more money.
The rich have more money than they know what to do with. Help the middle class, we are dying.
Yes keep giving away money that doesn't belong to you. Please change your party affiliation to democrat. You'd do them proud.
If you read the bill, you wouldn't be saying that. It's a conn.
Oh look at that anthem pulled out of obama care
As a caregiver, I am curious about what this bill actually *does.*
You are a woman of principle. You aren't afraid to stand up for what is right. Like John M, you are a hero.
But there is no tangible help written in this bill. How is it going to help with it written like this:
Thank you so much!  This will positively impact our family.  You are setting a great example for the power of bipartisan work
Thank you Senator! I saw the need for this firsthand as the caretaker for my beloved mother. You always get it right!!
Please do not vote yea on Ryan's tax reform. It will cost average guy more money. Please fight 4 our nation don't let these guys destroy usa
You are Pathetic! Vote No on your next run for Senate!  You better run as a Democrat. Wish @POTUS had given Obamacare to all of you!
I nearly had a heart attack because I thought this was the Tom Cotton anti-immigration RAISE Act. Yours sounds all right, Senator. Thanks!
Thank you! As a primary care giver to my mom who has CHF and over 65 I sure need as much help as I can get.
Well done Senator Collins, congratulations! And thank you for your brave, inspired leadership with regard to healthcare. Much appreciated!
Thank you , thank you , thank you.
What exactly do we get
Now the House needs to overwhelmingly pass this and send it to the WH to sign into law
Thank you for this and for your stand on good healthcare for all.
We know you’re a democrat in republican clothing but please support the current tax plan for All Americans. Try doing the right thing.
History will put your name in America's good book Senator
Thank you Sen. for everything you have done. Putting human life first has been your hallmark. #Opposing  the Obamacare repeal
Thank you for working for all of us.
Thank you Senator Collins!
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK OF HAVING THE PEOPLES BACK
Now that we're not wasting time trying to rip healthcare from millions maybe we can get things done in @SenateGOP @SenateDems  Thank you
You are amazing. Again, thank you.
They will pass another too, call tax reform, a raise for the rich.
Are you sure you aren't a Democrat? I mean that in a good way.
No. She is just a really good conn.
that passed in 2015.  What's happening in 2017?
But it doesn't tell us what the bill does for caregivers.
@SenatorCollins Prems exceed $800 ea and deducts over $6 K ea. And you call this insurance?Do you have sameplan as ours?
I don't really know what it is, but good for you. You play well with others.
Four thumbs up.
Thank you! Only 2 Days left before CHIP funding deadline (9/30) Please #extendCHIP to #KeepKidsCovered! @AmerAcadPeds
Senator, let's go on Puerto Rico TODAY!
Congratulations, and thank you.
Thank you, Senator Collins.  Long needed.  And thank you for doing what was right regarding the last healthcare vote.
I'm calling my Congressman and asking them to not vote on it until you pay for my $1200 mth premium that was $400 mth before Obamacare.
Thank you and all who voted for this!
Thank you Senator Collins
Thank you, Senator. You have made a major positive difference. You provide an example of true leadership.
congratulations!
Good news! Congratulations!   Thanks again for your no vote.  Please help fix Obamacare in bipartisan way!!  God, our country NEEDS you!
Now it goes to the HOUSE for a vote before it becomes law. And then-research and strategy begins. Sigh. D.C. Moves slowly. #realnews
Too late for my family, but needed. Thank you again
Of course they did miss Democrat
I wish this had been around when I was caring for my mother! Thank You!
You give me hope for the GOP. Which I haven't had in decades.
Thank you!!
Good work
Thank You for caring senator Collins
Thank you.   This is personal to me too as I care for my beloved Mother!
Can you get them to stop raising taxes for the middle class/poor and cutting them for the rich?  #taxes
Thanks now impeach Trump
I've been a solo caregiver for 3 months and I'm exhausted. Thank you.
Thank you! Great work! And I am a Democrat- Love the bipartisan work to make the country better. Keep up the great work you are a role model
@GOPChairwoman and @SpeakerRyan @SenSchumer @SenateDems @SenateGOP to learn bipartisan lingo and tactics from you. People vs Party Politics
After the people elect representatives,  they expect them to go and get the work done. They are not naive . Know party deals are done
How much will premiums go up next year? How much have the gone up the last few years? See you next election.
boycott Maine!

Who is going to pay for it?
That is good news Susan!!
This is critically important legislation. My bkgrnd is HIV/AIDS/oncology APRN/NP. I appreciate what you have done!
Thank you .... we need more women in the Senate & House ... both Republicans & Democrats
I think you should strike while the iron's hot. They want your unconditional allegiance for upcoming faulty legislation.
Susan you are my  hero. Keep up the good work.
Congratulations @SenatorCollins, We love our caregivers!
Anthem is leaving Maine. Maybe you can leave with them.
Thank you for your leadership and compassion.
Thank you again!
TY Senator!  Pls push for a clean refunding of CHIP and Community Health Centers!  #ProtectOurCare
Awesome. So needed. Thank you
Not sure what exactly how this will help but it is assuredly a start
Why can't you pass health care
Retire you old Traitor!
And you still rely on HHS to further develop strategy. How will that work? What about a RAISE in their wages?
Can we get new mothers the time off they need now?
Please retire. #RINO
Quit. This country does not need you.  Selfish lady.
You're a traitor, Karma will get to you soon !!
Well goodie 4U! U helped torpedoe t HCBILL w/yr no vote. Don't try 2 hide behind t CBO numbers as yr excuse 4 not voting 4 it! Yr despicable
Thank u Senator Collins for your leadership in making sure Obamacare stays in place. I'm sure the people of Maine will be forever grateful
Thank you.
Congrats! And thank you.
Simply - Thank You!
I have been my husband's only caregiver for 7 years with no benefits. We are now in mid 70s. I must be with him 24/7.
Woot woot! You're such a fantastic senator. rino, that's the only type act you can do. Any type of give away and you're in, on ur way out!
Thank you Senator Collins. I live in Maine and my wife and I take care of my 86 year old mom. It is the hardest thing I have ever done.
Thank you from Arkansas!!! Maine is lucky to have you in the senate.

Congratulations on your wonderful work for caregivers & getting congress to return to regular order. Keep up the good work and the pressure
Thank you for protecting the ACA too!
Was it bipartisan?
How about your Obamacare repeal bill? Curious if you are willing to vote yes on your own bill? Yes, we are keeping track.
Nope...its all about planned parenthood.  She let us down in Maine.  Better to fund abortions than create a plan to keep people insured
Good for you!!  Keep up the good work!  Thanks for your no vote on health care.
Thank you senator Collins! Hopefully the "others" will follow you and give Care for ALL that need it! You are amazing...keep fighting 
As a caregiver myself (disabled spouse), I thank you, ma'am.
By the way, THANK YOU for doing what is right regarding healthcare.  That takes a lot of guts.
On behalf of my 80 yo mother in Augusta (still independent, but w/health issues), thank you. She'll rest easier knowing I will have help.

U r finished Maine is smarter than this.
Hooray!
Thank you!
Hugely grateful for this. Thank you for recognizing the vital role caregivers play & need to support them. I'm not from Maine but I'm a fan.
Susan Collins: saves healthcare twice & gets shit done.
I hadn't thought I could admire you even more than I already do but I stand corrected. Thank you, Senator for all that you do. #respect
How about passing HC like u promised
Since you have been our Senator the National Debt has increased $15 trillion dollars and is now at record % debt against GDP.
Do your job. We did not ask you to play political games and earn political clout with the Democrats. Elections have consequences. NOW #MAGA
Make America Groan Again
Why are you under the impression that voters want bipartisanship? We gave the Republicans the majority in house senate and oval to #MAGA
Jeff, what is your problem. You eont pass anything because we will fight you all the way. Still have republicans who care about Americans 
.
And dont want to just line the pockets of the rich.
Nothing you want is good for America. Like McCain a traitor to the country. Your headstone will read traitor only
You are an awesome lady. God Bless!!!
"Bipartisan": more like this please.
Susan its NOT your RAISE act so come clean but glad you could do something right.
Bipartisan! Music to my ears.
Thank you
Funny how the left turns to you every time they want a no vote. Next it's taxes and drilling in the Artic. Both would help this country.
She doesn't have to agree with Republicans on every issue does she?
Thank you.
You are a good person, Senator Collins. You actually try to help Americans. It seems rare in Congress for this to be the case. So, thank you
Bipartisan key word, key strategic forward move.
Thank you!
What about the help for those who are suffering with high premiums, high deductibles under Obamacare. But I guess they don't count.
Thank you!
God bless you both for your bipartisan effort for America's families.
Your a true leader Sen.Susie
The fact that it is bipartisan is almost as important as the Act, itself, but caregivers must be supported. Thank you.
I Thinking you should primary Trump in 2020! R's and D's will race to the polls to vote for YOU! Please consider this. America needs u
Thank you , Senator Collins, for all you do for Americans
Thank you Sen Collins for your bipartisan work. Together Everyone Achieves More (TEAM)
Thank you Senator!!!
Great Work from the parent of an adult son with autism
Was that before or after your free taxpayer paid lunch?
Thank you @SenatorCollin & @SenatorBaldwin for supporting caregivers & their families! Good to see #BipartisanSolutions to a healthcare prob
Interesting. I want to learn more. Spotty explanation. To say bipartisan w RINOs Collins and murkowski as lead R's is a joke, come on!
I thought it was impossible to get everyone in the Senate to agree on anything. You're amazing!
Which part of "unanimously passed" was ambiguous?
We can get sandwiched between caring for parents, our children and the relative's children that the Opioid crisis left to the wind. Thanks.
Sick old lady Like McCain needs to fckn retire
Thank you Senator.  America needs more like you on both sides of the aisle.
Could have used that over the last decade. Hopefully it helps the nest caregiver....
Cheers from Oregon!
@SenatorCollins-Thank you for your work on this important legislation; be wary of the likely absence of POTUS commitment to "sustain."
Will you vote to eliminate the deductibility of Alzheimer's care expenses?
Turncoat on ACA repeal. Horrible representative of Maine
Brava @SenatorBaldwin, too!!
GREAT and NEEDED but cynical re: directing Sec Price to develop caregiver support strategy. CG's suffer in selfless sacrifice. Not his thing
Thanks to you and @SenatorBaldwin for recognizing the need to uplift another vocation much in need of support. #nurses #teachers #caregivers
Thank you so much Senator. It is so hard to find any good spots in politics but lately they are a lot that center around you.
Thank you Senator Collins! Great for family caregivers!
Thank you, our senior population is the fastest growing segment of society- this will be a godsend to overwhelmed children & spouses
Must think about funding CHIP @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
You rock!  Do you think you can work on getting HHS to quit sabotaging ACA? Asking you cause you have shown you care
You must be voted out of office. .
Glad to see this
Good thing no one lied about how they would vote
Thank you, senator!
Please pass the tax reform bill
Bipartisan, I almost forgot that was even a word.  Congrats
I work in Hospice and I think this is wonderful but your link does not say what this bill actually will do. Can you provide more information
Agreed, write up doesn't say what this will do. I hope it's not just fluff..
thank you for stepping up and doing something for American citizens who need the help of our government
Thank you @SenatorCollins @SenFeinstein for supporting family caregivers.  I am an autism parent and this is so vital for our community.
Oh, Senate, let's just give Collins anything she proposes! She doesn't deserve anything to be passed in Senate! Reason she grandstands!
Thank you!
