Too bad you aren't  as loyal to our president &your voters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't think Sen. Collins is loyal to her voters.
Thanks captain obvious.  How about getting work done besides your continued efforts to sabotage POTUS
All the Swamp Rats say they Stand with Spain & not 1 has a solution. I know U don't stand by Trump.
Susan Collins standing with anybody/thing is a joke.She is a backstabbing,phoney liberal rino.
She stands with Spain but not with our Pres.
Do you work ?
Yes, she works for Nancy Pelosi & works very hard on getting the Dem agenda thru by making the Rep party look like a failure
BREAKING NEWS: The Republican Party IS... i repeat... IS a failure. Now back to your regularly scheduled program
Yet the Dems lost the presidency & bled congressional & senate seats all mainly bc of Obummercare high costs & lax attitude on terrorism
possibly, however, the @gop will be tied to this failed administration and only those who denouce trump will survive upcoming elections.
obamacare was only meant to start a national health care program which could be improved over the course of time. Republicans who campaign
ed on repeal and replace have no plan other then undoing the legacy of the first black POTUS out of spite. trump is the problem not the
solution
Why don't you retire and stand in your head. Join the Dems
You should also stand with Americans who want the ACA fully repealed. #VoteSusanOut
Disappointed in silence of @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins on word and actions @POTUSTwo GOP senators I thought had a moral compass
Ellie you aren't serious? Collins has been main obstructionist
How about u stand with our President and help get healthcare not Obamacare taxes infrastructure please
RINOs obstruct, not help. They work for Democrats to make the Republican Party look like a failure
Interpreting to mean if legislation is real garbage, a real Republican will vote for it anyway. That's leadership!
The garbage is Obummercare which raised costs on the middle class. All she did was vote for it to self implode
It would be great if you stood for our Pres. Trump. If you aren't with him you are against him. Join the Democratic Party, you are one!
Standing with Spain. How about standing for our President. Your a closet democrat who needs to go.....NOW !!!
Are you sure? The one who is willing to fight Terrorism WILL be our candidate for 2020. You? Not so much. #DrainTheSwamp Bye Mrs. Collins
@SenatorCollins Senator time 4u  2go, if u won't support POTUS, time for a change in your District. Shameful that only DEMS come together
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …
i hope you stand with the bigger problem in U.S. Alt Right Terrorists
Get a grip on reality, please?
Pls invoke 25th A
These people who want to keep these statues to remain should spend a month as a slave . Then they would understand why we want them gone .
Hey @SenatorCollins, seems like you are attracting a lot of bots. Think you should anything about that? Maybe protect USA against attacks?
From Nazis? Who grew up here, and learned their hatred from Bannon, Miller and the like?
No, was noticing the number of responses to the post characteristic of bots: new to Twitter, few to no followers, poor spelling/grammar.
Same kinds of bots which affected election, and are still attacking anyone who criticizes @POTUS. Not real people, but can affect others.
Bot (noun) def ---- anyone who disagrees with my whack job liberal views
it would be better if you stood with our president and America maybe next election P. Trump will run & win as a democrat  probably better
The attacks in Iraq reveal the depravity of American terrorists   We stand with Iraq in bringing them to justice.
You own Obamacare! What are you doing to fix it? All Americans will be harmed because Obamacare is a loser! Unconscionable and unacceptable
How about standing with us and voting to repeal obamacare like you said you would.
Call them for whom they are SENATOR!!!!  ISLAMIC TERRORISTS !!!!
Glad to see you stand for them. However, really upset that you stand for racial cleansing by supporting Planned. Parenthood. God sees evil.
You're a Never-Trump TRAITOR!
Strong border security! Stand with our President please!
TY for your compassion. Pls stand up to extremists in US and vote NO on Dreiband for DOJ and Schiff and Barrett for fed bench.
You mean these "Muslim Terrorists" don't you?
What about our OWN terrorism; including Charlottesville? trump supports white supremacists. Will you call him out on it? #gopracism
Why don't you call out our own president who condones white terrorism here.
How about here in America?
And your reponse to friends and family of Heather Heyer?
Censure Trump and condemn domestic terrorism
Indeed. Same with the terrorist in Charlottesville.
Thank you Senator Collins for caring about tragedies all over the world what your sworn Duty comes first here at home stop our KKK terrorist
"these terrorists"? Surely you meant "these disaffected, undercompensated youths expressing their anger w/ the white patriarchy" #hack
Charlottesville Nazis. Not a benign kon tiki torch in sight.
Pelosi said they just need jobs
Stay out of this Senator please. Focus on repeal or you will be voted out.
What does standing with Spain mean? What does this empty word puke really mean? #sitdown
To bad your a hypocrite! Should have stood with President Trump on healthcare. We want forget!
Thoughts and prayers are not helpful. Maybe if you took education seriously and didn't allow Devos to pass committee, we could prevent this.
Open borders means open terrorism! We all need to stand together, all countries, all people!!
But let's keep our focus on the terrorists right here.
Anything to say about the #DomesticTerrorism in #Charlottesville committed by #WhiteSupremacists emboldened by @realDonaldTrump #mepolitics
Sounds like something your republican president shoulda said after Nazis killed a lady in Charlottesville, no?
Huh. Seems it is easy to call horrible people out by name after all.
Stop just standing there and do something!
Please go to Spain ! as Maine has had enough of you!
If only they had #Obamacare. #partyb4country
You can't even do right by the American people
I know you don't stand with the American people so at least you stand with someone
Exactly, she needs to pack up her shit and move into retirement, next generation is coming threw.
Stand with us here&help get the  EC vote which failed democracy, us,&the world overturned! No apology, resignation, or impeachement will do!
To bad ur a liar, the American people r still stuck w Ocare do u really think they can trust u? #wolvesinsheepsclothing #VoteHerOut
You stand with Spain, but we need you to stand with our President
Wow. Just figured that out.  U should go to D.C.. oh that's right .. ur r just really a dull light on the tree.
No different from the bigot hoodlums demonstrating in Charlottesville who's used the same method to kill and maim. NO DIFFERENCE!
Wrong
How about standing with the prez on immigration so it doesn't happen here, just b/c the left wants to commit suicide doesn't mean we all do
This women is an idiot
I hope they don't have health insurance like we have here. Repeal and replace as promised.
She's a RINO so save ur breath, her job is 2obstruct. Not sure how it works 4her career given the thankful Dems will vote Dem in a heartbeat
There's my girl! Ur pal 4life!
yadda yadda yadda
And the US terrorists??? And their leaders in the White House???
Hillary lost. What do u mean? Sounds like u need to vote next time.,
ISIS is really no different than both the Hate Group Antifa or The KKK. They all are about violent and motivated by hatred.
Irony: More people died in Chicago over the weekend than did in the Spain attack and yet our leaders stay silent. #weak #uselesspoliticians
Ain't you the weirdo would invoke the doorway with Obamacare which is close to me money or you worried about the people suck the country dry
Another useless platitude. As half of America uproars over Trump's "light" response to KKK and "hard" response to #NOKO rest of you do nil
Hypocrite, are you going to discipline your colleague for calling for the assassination of our President )
No different than abortion mills like #PlannedParenthood  and their democratic supporters, traitor.
Obamacare is good enough for us but not you. you have a luxurious medical program.We know about ur Medicare Extension use. Money money right
Thwir religion and holy book tell them they must kill non believers .....#heteducated Call it what it is or keep quiet
Yes we do.
I love you, #Drumpf

You didn't stand with the American people on healthcare. Don't expect to get reelected.
That no vote screwed everyone. The Dems are only temporarily happy but ACA will implode so it's everyone's loss
Better than standing with the disgusting views of @SenateDems which you typically do. You're a horrible senator and I feel sorry for Maine!
Nice safe tweet ,but talk about our real problem that's ruining our country and that would be Trump!
@realDonaldTrump  is the only one trying to save this country #FireMcMaster
Check out the charity golf tournament that his son held to raise money for cancer children on one their golf course seems dad raised the
So does @realDonaldTrump behavior!  He is depraved and disgusting!!!

To be silent is to be complicit. No #TravelBan for refugees.

But you remained completely silent (or worse) when Syrians were being killed by the same ilk.

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
They choose to let them in, they have to deal with what happens.
Same with U.K., Germany, France... history repeats itself.
Of Course Sen.Susan Collins of MAINE

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898630965022543872 …
I know you've made a "statement" on racism, but I don't remember you commenting on these heroes:
HOOAH!! We will meet in Valhalla Brooks and Stigler! HOOAH!!!
From an American living in Barcelona, thank you. 
But do you think pig blood soaked bullets really work, Senator Collins? What’s your opinion?
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
