Honestly, how can U say @POTUS doesn't fully understand? he fully understood when Bill clint was meeting w/ Rice but not himself w/ Comey?
Why is Senator Collins so worried about a leak from a private citizen and less worried about Russia/Trump ties? Carrying water for Trump?
Maybe because like the Intel Community keeps tell you, there is NO Russia/Trump ties!!!
Of course there are ties. Wingers thought Russia was a threat at one time. Now that Trump loves Putin, they are great peeps. Fealty is bad.
What was it that Obama told Romney about the Russians?
What actions did Obama take against the Russians? Certainly NOT sharing confidential info about our ally Israel with Putin's cronies.
What's the big deal....Obama didn't think Russia was anything to worry about. Just like he thought ISIS was the JV team.
Btw, do you not listen to the Intel Community hot shots? They already said there is no collusion. But you'd rather chant the mantra
As a resident of Maine, I really appreciate her words but waiting for her to act. Please put our country before your party Senator Collins.
Sen put your big girl panties on and stop enabling cosigning crazy-fbi dir shouldn't have to tell potus not to commit obstruction
2. Preventing fare student loan rates! So why wouldn't she support Trump in his Failed Presidency! she not with the USA/People! So Nope!
Sen if u were doing your job comey wouldn't had to share memo
1. Collins has no credibility she supports deregulating the banks Repealing ACA/ Damaging Medicare & Social Security
Susan is a follower and not a leader.  She's slow on the uptake and her faces constantly twitches. Needs to go with Mccain, Gassley, and th
she needs 2 muscle her way onto the healthcare cmttee.she should stop taking about Trump &start nailing McConnell for his lack of leadership
The fact that James Comey leaked his own document shows how gravely concerned he was about the investigation and the response.
Incompetent Nincompoop.  THAT is why is he was FIRED!

@POTUS  @realDonaldTrump  #MAGA
I can't believe she allowed the morning Shmoe to chum her and she just agreed and didn't push back when he implied the president was a liar
The president is a liar. He has lied multiple times every single day since taking office.
I disagree.  It was Obama and not just five months but eight years.
Common Senator, Lame defense you pulled out for liar-in-chief @potus is beneath you #countrybeforeparty
So,Trump didn't take you up on the excuse you conjured for him for clearing the room to talk to Comey alone. Too complicated.
Time to take a stand - either you're trying to do right by the country - do your job - or you're just another of Trump's excuse makers.
Comey knew your committee would do nothing
OMG. ! Why do you go on all these "cheeky" morning shows ? Geez !! #Integrity
Mourning Joe and Nuki, nobody watching your fake haven
I do.
He was a private citizen, it was his private notes.
Why can't Trump release the tap that he said he has to verify Comey's testimony, isn't that simple or he's lying again? #TrumpRussia
I once had respect for you. You were honest and fair.  Comey leaked? Trump thought meeting alone with the FBI is the way it's done? Wow!!
SIT DOWN because you trying to explain away #Trumps sinister meetings deserve ZERO respect for putting #partyovercountry you had me fooled 
So now that Liberals can't yell about "collusion" you're going to start "THE TAPES". Why can't you just do your job for US!!
http://www.rawstory.com/2017/06/secret-recording-reveals-gop-lawmaker-freaking-out-about-going-down-with-the-ship-for-trump/ … If R's want seperation from trump they simply have to stand up publically against him... That's all. Simple! #RESIST
This shows SUCKS! Why would you appear with this vile man!
Dear Sen Collins, Mr Comey did not give out his memos but content of his memos. Memos were given to Mueller. Thus no leak of govt property?
