Help them please. I can't get in contact with my family. They are being used as a political football. People are dying.
Keep the faith n keep trying, I haven't heard from my fam either but I hear some calls r getting through. My dad's 100, I know how u feel 
Bless him!.. wow.. Still trying.. thank you!.. Humacao has phone service. They were running fiber in Carolina.. so lets hope it is coming up
I have a friend whose mom is blind & lives deep in the rainforst of PR. He is in New York. Its killing him not knowing about his mom.
My parents are 10 minutes away from the rain forest El Yunque in Rio Grande. It's agonizing
She lives on a mountain called El Corcho, St. Isabel, Utuado. The town of Utuado, is nearly destroyed from the local river and mud slides..
Did you hear anything yet?? I heard from my mom today..
I'm so glad you heard from your mom, thank God. I heard from 1 brother but nothing on my dad yet.
If you really are interested in saving livesDefund Planned Parenthood. Better yet resign & let a real representative of Maine hold office
The focus should be on Puerto Rico.
No one disputes that Puerto Rico needs help. Samaritan's Purse there helping. Donated yet?
Only reason Libtards pretend to care about PuertoRico is PoliticalCorrectness& 
Hope2Slime Pres.Trump USNavySamaritan's Purse in P.R. 4 days
Only way US can help Puerto Rico, Texas & Florida is by cutting social-welfare benefits to illegal aliens who shouldn't be here in the US!
Send HELICOPTERS !!! We knew it was dire BEFORE Rubio went there. ( & thanks for ur healthcare stand. )
How can we help? Giving money has been done, but still no relief is happening for our Citizens.
Why weren't military planes and ships deployed last week?
Exactly!
And the answer is brown people.
Brown and Spanish speaking
Ding ding ding!!
Let’s be real.  Trump didn’t know they were American!
Agree. He only learned this in recent days.
It’s sad, bigly!!
You have Trump's number, force the issue!
Why no news on our citizens in the Virgin Islands?
Help them. They are Americans. They need help.
Confront Trump's ridiculous assessments of federal response. Embarrassing. Irresponsible. Dangerous
How about the usvi?  They are just as bad as Puerto Rico.
trump doesn't care about Puerto Rico, probably because people there have brown skin. Gov't needs to save these US citizens NOW!!
brief us on blue cross pulling out and your  refusal to assist in repairing this inept healthcare system....help your maine people!!!!
You failed the American people. You will not re elected.
Rubio's concern is about realpolitik in his back yard
Please consider changing parties. You can be conservative democrat. There is a racist cancer in the Republican party, need help fighting it.
Yes! Please help the people in Puerto Rico!
So sad
Senator Collins, please consider a Marshall Plan to rebuild Puerto Rico's economy matched with an offer of statehood.
That’s an excellent idea.
It makes no sense to me how a state like Maine could have 1 million people, but Puerto Rico has 3,5 million and the US Gov't never offered
And referendums don't mean anything in a statehood process, it's 100% up to Congress. not even the President gets a vote.
Lift the Jones Act!

Thanks for your leadership
How have you helped Sen Collins did u go there or are u listening to the fake news reports??
Also, statehood.
Please waive the Jones Act! This is not how we treat fellow Americans!!! Terrible President
Liza the terrible President  s not in the WH   His term was up thank g-- now we have a real leader
You must be kidding! This pres left Puerto Rico with $33 million in debt! And wont extend the same help he did to fla and TX!
You must live under a rock Liz Puerto Rico was in financial trouble way before Trump was elected so dont give us ur crap Fema s helping them
Believe what you want. The reality is people are DYING in  hospitals because of no fuel and trump tweets about DEBT? No more debate for me
Dear Liza Prez Trump did not create the Jones Act or create hurricane Maria he is doing all he can 2 get supplies & help 2 this poor island
Keep doing the right thing Senator!  Thank U for standing up 4 healthcare.
Maybe you should let @realDonaldTrump in on that he seems absolutely clueless
Utmost thanks to you Sen Collins for being an honorable representative for the people!
#LittleMarco needs to #ImpeachTrump #25the45th #TrumpRussia #ObamacareLives
Is POTUS only allowing GOP lawmakers to visit  before his photo op on Tues?
Susan how can this do-tard in WH do this? Pls help Puerto Rico
@GOPSenMajority please help Puerto Rico immediate ... they are Citizens and more importantly human beings.
Please waive the Jones Act so that we can help the people of Puerto Rico. Millions of people are dying!!
Yes. We need leadership on this and have no faith in Trump. Help them please. Y
Please act now
It took you to wait for Rubio to brief you to want to take action? Turn on ANY  T.V. to see how bad....TAKE ACTION NOW!
Please get them some help...please.
@57_aharrison @marcorubio 
NY SUPPLIES N HELICOPTERS N STATE POLICE HEADED TO HELP TODAY THX GOV CUOMO YOU ARE THE BEST!
Why why why can't he waive Jones act?
Trump doesn't believe in immediate aid. Pls do something.
so HE was in PR?
The @GOP needs
 to fix flag protests first. They have priorities and non white humans are not anywhere near the top of their list!
we will need both of your votes for the impeachment proceedings. please keep track of each time trump fails to do his job.
thought lawmakers were ordered by dear leader NOT to travel to PR. Careful.
Thank you, Senator. Overturning the Jones Act would help the island rebuild and jumpstart its economy. Please support!
We knew that 5 days ago. Where were you and the rest of Congress?
I saw a report that Trump ordered a ban on military transport for members of Congress who want to travel to Puerto Rico. Is this true?
Why aren't you doing something about it? Politicians should stop tweeting and start doing!
Perhaps talk to the WH idiot and remind him that Puerto Ricans are AMERICANS? 

p.s. thanks for voting no on last R health plan
Thank you.
Thanks Senator Collins !!
Try explaining THAT to the ethnic cleanser in Chief?
We were there last year. They were desperate then. Is Trimp trying to weasel privatization of power?
Well you need to get the sociopath in the WhiteHouse as well as the rest of the corrupt Regime @GOP to act now it is criminal neglect
Please act Senator! People's lives depend on it. These are Americans in danger!
Why isnt all of House at 45s door??
Yes. Now. It's been a week. Our government needs to get woke. Now.
Please get to work on this! Trump is too narcissistic to take care of anyone other than himself. Surely Congress and make a push
Please do something. Trump is refusing to.
Did @senruDid @marcorubio happen to mention that the #POTUS he endorsed won't lift the #JonesAct?
Have tweeted to Rubio before. Please read my blog posts on this dire issue. http://www.aseniormoment.company   Urgent we act to help with water!
isn't the NFL crisis  more pressing? Perhaps little Marco has not been following the tweets?
Ya, we'll get after it
well not we'll. What a dofuss. Lost all its meaning
Maybe you both could hold a press conference and call out this WH for their inaction. Maybe??????????????????
Please get rid of the Jones Act. It's been hurting Puerto Rico's economy for years. It will make rebuilding PR cost way more.
So what are you doing about it?
COMFORT IS sitting in Norfolk.
I am GOP, 'we' common voters can see our reps no longer 'hear' us. My party is killing people through neglect, lack of humanitarian aid
Why has it taken a week to get to this conclusion?
Bipartisan legislation to suspend Jones Act until FEMA chief declares relief/recovery operations are concluded.
I have tremendous confidence in you, now
Senator Collins 
Waive the Jones Act
Repeal #JonesAct
Than she said, they would take it up. First thing after Christmas break. If not than, when they came back from spring break.
Someone should tell @realDonaldTrump  because he apparently doesn't know. Maybe bc all he does is watch football.
It’s sad. We have teams in southeastern Pa , ready to help, yet they’re not being used due to $$$ and insurance issues.
We have EMS personnel sitting in PA that want to help. They all worked in La during Hurricanes Katrina and Gustav. No $$ to get us there ...
Pls send the navy now to #PuertoRico
Aid was needed three days ago
They don't vote, are all brown, and sound Mexican. Odds of Trump giving a shit ? 0.
Please help them w/everything America can give: Military,US Corps of Engineers and eliminate Jones Act - Thank you Senator!
Please act now.  What is the plan for action?
Why is @realDonaldTrump prioritizing the shipping industry over American citizens??
Why is #45 lying and letting those american citizens suffer? 44% HAVE NO WATER! This is why we kneel!
#reversejonesact #HelpPuertoRico
Please demand waiver of Jines Act.  Please demand massive aid for VI and PR
Immediately as in yesterday, but Congress distracted by Graham-Cassidy.
relief is already on the docks. If nothing else get a carrier with desal and helicopter squadron to ferry it out. why is this so hard
Please use your influence and esteem to get aid to our Americans: Puerto Rico!
Seems like the president doesn't care.
Help and assistance is already pouring into Puerto Rico,thank GOD! ...
Waive Jones Act now!
delays looking like negligence at this point since blocking waiver & PR needs choppers to get aid inland
This will be not just Trump's Katrina, but All of Congress. Action now! Don't let a bully tell you not to go to Puerto Rico to see the truth
Waive the Jones Act!
Like maybe an exemption to the Jones Act?
@POTUS & yet shipping containers r sitting on dock.Puerto Rico is tRump's Katrina. Shameful.
Lift shipping restrictions!
Jones Act waver and repeal
Oh no! Sounds bad. If only there was a legislator on this thread that could do something about this.
Whaaat? Go back into your rabbit hole. We see the game you are playing. Support @realDonaldTrump
TY so much for the needed help 4 P.R. &  for saving ppl lives when voting NO on this disastrous death care bill.
.@marcoRubio without distribution it is not aid!!!
too bad the Repub President can't lift Jones Act for a damn 2 weeks.    What the hell is wrong with you republicans?
Senators: time to appoint an emergency manager to coordinate all public & private response in PR & VI. Need some1 on the ground & in charge!
What do you have to say about this DONALD? @realDonaldTrump
Yes. Please do something. Now.
Ma'am, you've had our backs re health care. Please push for the waiver or repeal of the Jones Act for Puerto Rico, which needs your help. 
Then lift the Jones Act, even if Elaine Chao's daddy, the shipping magnate, might be unhappy.
Where is your leader, GOP?!?! Missing in action? Hey Marco, too bad @realDonaldTrump is an equal opportunity Racist!!!!
So when does potus get going.
Get to work. Waive Jones Act
What can we do Senator Collins please advise us

I understand the US military is great at logistics. Who would their commander in chief be again? https://twitter.com/DavidBegnaud/status/913088574983168000 …
Maybe you could tell the traitor in the White House.
You might want to have him brief Trump. Maybe he might want to let him know how he was able to reach it in the middle of the remote Atlantic
This was needed the day after. Food sitting on the docks, island inhabitable. These are our countrymen and women. I know you will help them.
Needless to say if another country had to help they would not be subjected to this law, but I don't think Potus even knows what it is
Thank you Senator Collins and Senator Rubio
YOU DONT SAVE LIVES, YOU DESTROY LIVES. I LIVE IN MAINE! WE HATE YOU! BIG FREAKING HATE
Please do something, I beg you. I fear for my parents lives. I'm starting to hate this @POTUS_Don45
SAVE LIVES, SAVE LIVES! YOU VOTED NO AGAIN TO START THE PROCESS  TO GET RID OF THAT FORCE HEALTH CARE BILL O'CARE!!!!
Repeal the Jones Act for PR now.
Yes we can all talk about the devastation in Puerto Rico but actions speak louder than words.
So. What are you doing????
God Bless our President
Can't the Senate do anything to Repeal the Jones Act. I know Senator McCain had put in a bill in July. What happened to that?
Then preach to your GOP buddies who won't call for waiving the Jones Act NOW!
What we need is for our senators and representatives urging trump to destroy the #jonesact @RichardPBurr @cnn @HLNTV @realDonaldTrump
So why are supplies supposedly sitting on docks? Please look into this.
This is on the hands of the GOP. You all waited too long to help. This is unthinkable....these are our people.....do something.
Why can't we have a Berlin airlift for PR? Why can't the infantry be dropped in like in time of war?
yes, people of #puertoRico are US citizens and Americans. the Current #GOP  #Potus does not recognize this.#SMH #SHAME #nverforget
Hey senator Collins, bet u have no problem making sure they have the best of the best when it comes to healthcare right??? Everyone else GFY
@SenCoryGardner @SenBennetCO 
Time to pass an emergency bill to allow aid.
Time for the Senate to act. Pass law creating waiver of Jones act for PR.
How about requesting someone like Gen. Russel Honore. What gives here that everyone is so incompetent.
So what's being done. Supplies are there, no one to distribute. This is Katrina all over again. Please help them
Please act to REPEAL THE JONES ACT people are dying because of delays it causes in the distribution of aid to PR.
What the hell is Trump's issue?? These folks need help. #ImpeachTrump
Hello Senator Collins --- it appears as though you are one of the only grown-ups left in the room.  Thank you for being there!
Lift the Jones Act, shipping containers at dock in PR filled with supplies not getting to people, they need help, NOW!!!!!
TY Senator Collins for voting down #GrahamCassidy and for supporting #PuertoRico.
People I work with in Miami have heard from Family - they need essentials but also dire need of BATTERIES!!
Waive the Jones Act, put a General in charge of the clean up on the ground, use drones to drop RTE meals and water.  So sad.  Prayers to all
Immediate aid, like by Congress taking some kind of action, perhaps?....
Can't the Senate force @realDonaldTrump to do something to help Puerto Rico?
I'm shocked.  We know he doesn't identify as a Latino...
Congress needs to pass a massive aid bill for PR and USVI!
Sen Collins get Jones Act lifted before orople die.
What you doing about it ? Uselsss politician.
Keep working for the common good Senator. You are a hero to me and many. Thank you for caring so deeply for our fellow citizens 
I hope you can convince trump!
Your party controls Congress.  Get it done
Send LTG Russell Honore down there! He gets crap done!
Send in the medical ship. Cruise lines@CarnivalCruise @RoyalCaribbean @celebritycruisesAnd senators: @realDonaldTrump owes $33m bad debt
Please suspend the Jones Act ASAP.  This is a sin that our people are left helpless.
Tell that to your president!
Hurry up!! @PuertoRicoPUR needs Help!!@marcorubio @SenateGOP @SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi
Please @SenatorCollins, help PR the best you can. I have donated for relief but I feel powerless. We need effective leadership!
Immediate would have been 10 days ago. Where the hell is Congress? #failure
Susan Collins is a Democrat ,We need to boycott her and McShame
An entire island without electricity,fresh water+food+Sen Collins needs to be"briefed".No wonder D.C. is a swamp. Incompetence everywhere.
Push for it, please. It is the only way the government will move for Puerto Rico. Words are not enough.
So is Congress working with the president to accomplish this?
How did Congress not know this a week ago, and why is it taking so long to get aid there?

Maybe the president should speak about that instead of NFL
Meanwhile trump is tweeting about nfl players. What kind of president is that
Thank you so much for helping us with healthcare!
As if you cared?Repeal Obamacare!
Thank you for your leadership in this disaster relief effort.
Please evacuate the neediest to a carrier or somewhere.
It's been 7 days, already. Government is recreating Katrina! We don't forget! Common!
Everyone else in the country already knows this. What's stopping #POTUS from doing the right thing here?
Why will potus not waive Jones act?? He seems to be being spiteful and  hateful!
You should start with life's in US by repeal and replace health care
Hey @realDonaldTrump you pay #PuertoRico the 33mil u owe them...I'm sure it will help! #SickRacistBastard @PuertoRicoPUR @GOP @DNC @Rosie
Please act quickly @SenatorCollins Thank you 
Thank you for your wisdom and courage Senator.
Maybe get GOP to take a break from TAX CUTS and work on aid for Puerto Rico?
@SenatorCollins @johnrobertsFox "...circumstances require immediate aid to save REPUBLICAN Partry" Dump COLLINS, McCAIN,&Rand--who needs'
When .@realDonaldTrump is incapable of compassionate leadership, thank God we have senators taking action. Please help those poor Americans!
