Opinion: Both parties should now be motivated to move forward together with a healthcare plan http://on.wsj.com/2sa7kfb  by @Peggynoonannyc
Collins not going 2budge she is one of the biggest political hacks out there get 2work Susan on healthcare or get out of Washington #useless
You mean 8 years ago?
Thank you @SenatorCollins!  Thank you for putting your constituents first and being willing to stand up for what you believe.
She needs to do what's best for the country not just her constituents in Maine. It is selfish to think 1 senator could decide for everyone
Women across the country are counting on you to protect us from this bill. Continue to speak up and work with other to find a better way
Says a Resistance Democrat to a supposed R Senator Collins. 
Yes because the ultimate goal should be what's best for the most people, not just being at odds with each other for the sake of it.
Dems didn't 'work w/(R) from the start. Dems and you need to work w/(R) to repeal Bipartisanship is a 2 way street. Dems work w/(R) for once
#TeapubliCONSDoNotCareAboutNonMillionaires
Thank God there are still rational people left in Washington. Work together please.
Yes make healthcare better, just please do not make it worse by voting yes on the Senate !!
Sen. Collins, please stay strong & vote No on #HealthcareBill, fix #ACA instead. Let Democracy live! Only 12-17% like GOP bill, 51% like ACA
Then why won't you repeal ACA? GOP got the house, senate and oval office by promising to repeal ACA. Now u won't. Did you lie to us?
Did the Democrats work with you on Obamacare, they laughed at you. Wise up.@realDonaldTrump collins is one of the swamp dwellers. Omg. Go T.
Will you still be against ACHA which cuts 116,800 people from having healthcare in your state? Please don't
Looks like you had a nice break this week.  Back in DC, please vote NO on this treacherous healthcare bill.  Thank you!
You do remember you our in our government. Dem are not going to work with Rep party. Your not Rep you are a Dem
If you and Rand hold hostage the plan thats ready for Pres. Trump's pen then shame on youNegotiation is one thing.  Having a pity pary 
"Resistance is counting on you".  If you are really a Democrat why don't you just admit it?
Looks like #SusanCollins took #PeggyNoonan's advice & voted w/ Democrats to sabotage @GOP promise to #RepealObamacare
#RemindTheMembersOfURPartyOfThatSusan
Senator lots of talk of working w/ #democrats, but I don't see anything happening. Is there any dem you would work with to fix #Obamacare?
Please do not vote for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid!
Yes and please don't be swayed. Your vote affects ALL Americans. DRs/RNs call @SenatorCollins and thank her for taking care of your patients
I have always enjoyed your ability to play fair. If we had more women in the house and senate, more would be accomplished.
So why are you the lone ranger hold out, double tounged there
You need to represent Maine and America for a change, not your personal agenda. Obamacare is worse thing to happen, esp. to the disabled.
Please stick to your guns on this. The lives of many across the nation depend on it. Thank you.
#FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal obumacare is  #unsustainable START W/CLEAN SLATE
Yes - why is the rest of the @GOP blinded by trump.  People over party
Let's start finding common ground for the people of our country!  Work together for our good!
Repeal Obamacare now!!
Pass the health care bill and do something now. People are suffering and Obamacare is failing fast.
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
save medicad expansion. Give people option of medicare at 50 . Give everyone option to use private exchanges. Keep the essential service.
Except you were not even invited into the room let alone a single Democrat.
I believe that senators and representatives should have the same retirement and Healthcare as everyone else in this country
In years past Dems & Repubs wrangled with one another but always worked something out.  What has happened that has caused this craziness?
Please give a solid NO to McConnell on Trumpcare!
Thank you @SenatorCollins for your unwavering focus on what is best for all Americans. Please continue to stand strong!
Thank you for your commitment to the health  of your constituents! #RealRepresentation
John Chafee would be proud of @SenatorCollins. The @GOP has lost their way. She & far too few others are standing up to @realDonaldTrump
Please put your constituents over your party.
We need you to work to improve ACA!!
Thank you
I think it is awful that your party excluded you from the healthcare dialogue, since you already drafted a proposal. Women must be involved!
Democrats will settle for nothing less than Obamacare. The middle-class be damned. They voted Republican, so why should Dems care?
Interesting article, thank you for sharing. #ACA isn't failing, BTW, #45 is killing it. But yes to bipartisanship. Let's #ProtectOurCare
This is your governor? https://twitter.com/afelix91371/status/883103440628584448 …
GOP never lifted a finger to work with the Dems on anything, only obstruction, never wanted health care and still doesn't.
Thank you for opposing BCRA and putting compassion over greed
It's good you want to do that; learn more about health care and all its rip-offs to start.
http://aapsonline.org/aaps-news-january-2013-the-medicaid-cash-cow/ …
Why don't they create a nonpartisan commission to write a new healthcare bill? Just like the Base Closing in the 1990's. Take the heat off.
Whatever plan is adopted should be for all Americans which includes Senators and Representatives. 1 plan for 1 people.
Not with Mitch "One Term Obama" McConnell in charge.

Amen sister.  Please keep fighting for that.  You will be rewarded 10
Fold.
You won't require your staff to use health insurance acts instead of their current insurance because you know you'd lose ½ staff within a yr
If you think health saving accts. are good idea introduce bill replacing current ins. for GOP&staffs in Congress w/such accts. I dare you.
Stay strong!!!
Thank you for standing firm in preventing Trumpcare and instead supporting bipartisan efforts. Cooperation is the only way to solve the mess
Your voice carries the voices of so many desperate women voiceless in their states, ignored by their senator's. Thank you, Senator. 
Please keep funding $ 550 miliion to PP to abort 440,000 babies each year!!!! Well that is one way to not pay for future care,Not here!!
If she was really bipartisan she would ask PP to separate their businesses into Abortion and Women's health! No Truth here!!
I doubt u read these tweets but if u do, please look at the people that DON'T want it repealed. Most are democrats/nontrump & vote against u
True, but Dems are disingenuous. Only appear to desire coop when thought Republicans going to unite. If repeal, then continued resistance.
Please  do what is right, fix #ACA. Your GOP colleagues only want tax cuts not Healthcare and you know it. Please put country over party.
Admired your reasonable cross the aisle engagement for years. Far too few of you! Stand firm on protecting our poor, elderly, disadvantaged
Killing children should not be called healthcare. De-fund murder.
. Watch the news! @DNC has been asked over&over to help w/hlthcare. That doesn't mean give them everything they want & put @GOP values aside
you say planned parenthood offer great services for women when 95 % don't at least the left don't claim to be conservative shame on you
You are paid off.  Political hack.  You'll block any healthcare bill. You would rather have Obamacare implode and everybody gets hurt.
. Thats right "TOGETHER" meaning @GOP shld demand some things we want & 1 of those things...DON'T WANT TAX $$ TO HELP planned parent hood!
Yes and current senate healthcare bill is NOT bipartisan! Reject trumpcare and work toward real healthcare for Americans
Thank you, Senator. Please hold out for bipartisan support, & a CBO score that predicts MORE Americans will get affordable coverage. 
Millions depending on you to stay strong Vote no to anything that results in loss of coverage, cuts to Medicaid or protections #SinglePayer
The ACA can be greatly improved without #SinglePayer - that's not today's fight. I trust @SenatorCollins to what's right
Focus on health CARE & preventive CARE As investments in the future& which will be less costly in the long term. Now penny wise, lb foolish.
Thank You Senator!! You are very courageous!!
Republicans have the presidency, Senate, House and Supreme court and prove every day you don't know how to govern. You are #complict
As a woman I am hoping you will have a greater capacity for compassion than some of your GOP colleagues. Please don't let us down.

Yes, GOP. Any health care bill passed should have as its goal increasing the number of insured and improving care. Not the opposite.
How do you work together with a party more concerned with rolling back everything Obama did than with fixing problems with healthcare?
this makes sense. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B072Q2MTF4/ref=mp_s_a_1_10/147-9917831-9237138?ie=UTF8&qid=1499205270&sr=8-10&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=garbage%2Bhuman%2Bt%2Bshirt&th=1&psc=1 …
Blah, blah, blah ... deeds not words Senator. You're the Party of The Rich who cons the poor and desperate. Prove me wrong, be humane.
BS !
The ACA is the way it is because of big insurance and big pharma. Only way Pres. Obama could pass it.  Single payer ALL the way
Meaning leave the ACA in place until a truly better healthcare system is proposed (i.e., not tax breaks for the wealthy in disguise)?
How many Republican amendments were added to ACA vs Dem amendments added to current "repeal bill"? Big difference.
You are and strong and reasonable voice in your party that has lost its collective mind. Please help!
We need single payer or Medicare for all!  Stop trying 
To hurt people. Let's catch up with the rest of the world .
Couldn't agree more!
Someone wise recently said at an AZ town hall - bi-partisan ship happens when partisanship fails. @ASlavitt #protectourcare
That would make sense but then who gets to claim victory? Sadly, it's more about that than actually getting a better system for all.
That was the idea from the beginning, until the president was black. Obamacare was basically Romneycare until he wasn't a democrat.
You are only openly saying this b/c McConnell gave you 1 of his 2 approved No vote.
If this is your sentiment, do your patriotic duty this holiday and tell GOP to put country over party, better yet- put USA lives OVER party
Agreee!! Thank you Susan Collins for your sense. I hope ur colleagues will follow for the benefit of the people.
People like Collins are too busy trying to degrade the President. Pathetic, shameful. This is no way to MAGA. Or don't you want to help?
Repeal 1st !!! Defund planned parenthood Baby killing part selling PP
And why don't you just go ahead and start working with them. Your weak, GOP are murderers with Trump the Godfather, right?
Make it happen!  You're the majority party.
Thank you for saying that.  It should if been going on from the beginning.  Fix obamacare don't repeal and replace.
Senator Collins, you and Senator Murphy are a credit to New England.
Happy 4th of July! You have encouraged us with your integrity and strength. God bless America!
And by that I mean you are delusional if you think you can or should work with the people that gave us this unconstiutional pile of dung.
To makes it better is to rid it of wasteful bureaucracy & bureaucrats that run it
Except Republicans always wanted repeal only, but trump's blue collar / coal miner voters put a monkey wrench in that!
Thank you for your voice of reason and compromise in this highly divided time.  We can still come together to find a solution.
Mandate healthcare back to the states. Fed maintain SS and MC/MA. Deadline of February 1 2018 or 2020. Y'all do something that's right.
Please don't let me die
@WSJ
#bothsiderism
Kasich has been great but this is classic both-siderism. The only side standing in the way of a bipartisan stabilization bill is the GOP. https://twitter.com/ThisWeekABC/status/881502202149208064 …
Both parties should unite to pass single payer healthcare. Anything less is a sell out
I am so happy to hear that  Now women's health issues will be addressed.
So start again while keeping ACA intact and funded.  Smart, experienced people on both sides want to help. #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
You mean in 2009?  Is that the beginning you speak of?
Senator we support your opposition to BCRA cuts to Medicaid for working families, PWD's, and elderly. Please fix the ACA.
What is happening here?
NEW: The Senate is quietly pushing a subtle change in the health care bill:

not just to gut Medicaid, but to allow states to eliminate it.
Esther 4:14 <3
Repeal Obamacare. If senator Collins likes t so much, why is she exempt??!
If you remain silent at this time, deliverance will arise from another place..You have come to your royal position  for such a time as this?
You are paving the way in the Senate.  You remind me of Esther - she was so surprised to be thrust in the middle of history at such a time!
Then why didnt you?
Working together Bi-partisan is extremely important on this
you can please all the people some of the time and some of the people all the time, but you can't please all the people all the time
That will not happen, because u wimpy republicans run the show. Ur pathetic.
Tell that to the obstructing take their ball home if they don't get their way Democrats
Exactly! Please stay firm & recruit 2 of your colleagues to stop this horrible bill and force bipartisan negotiations! Millions depend on u!
You are right Senator. Please encourage your colleagues to come to the table and help all Americans.
OK, sure. However let's not pretend like the Democrats hold equal responsibility for the train wreck that is the BRCA!
Whats BRCA
Sorry, there's an R in there for some reason: The BCA! http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/amp/here-s-how-wealthy-gain-gop-health-care-bill-n778741 …
I see no respect from any Democrat or media. his name is Trump not Target
Grampa
does this come with the promise the #GOP house and senate will stop sabotaging #ACA as it is presently written? #FactsMatter
Tell that to Mitch McConnell please.
Please don't give in to a bad healthcare bill because of a few tweaks. Sit down with Dems, hold hearings and really FIX healthcare system.

True! Pls #voteno to a repeal! Can't vote for something not knowing what it will be! #TrumpcaresUnAmerican #livesmatter #healthcarebill
How about GOP senators go home and eat some BBQ and let the party of ideas fix this for you?
Please Sen Collins...lead the way on this effort...we're all counting on you & your colleagues who care about avg Americans healthcare
Your idea of better is throwing more taxpayer dollars at medicaid. RINO
Please don't be bought by Mitch. Do what is right.
Once a little bit of that sweet opioid money hits her coffers, she'll sign on. They all will.
Thank u Senator Collins. Please remain the voice of reason from the unreasonable party
I agree Susan!!
I agree, however huge tax breaks for Billionaires and multi millionaires will not help our economy.
Sad her comment is newsworthy...we should all use this common sense.
Well said both of you.
thank you!!  We work the best when we work together.
Please see:
The Trump family’s endless conflicts of interest. Chapter and Verse http://bit.ly/2siV784  
Amen to that
Thank you, senators, for doing what is morally right for Americans. Many of your colleagues should take note!
The middle holds a majority.
Thank you for continuing to stand for bipartisanship on Healthcare.
GOP trying 2 ram this thru! Don't allow tax break 4 wealthy in the HC bill! For profit HC doesn't work! Stay strong! @realDonaldTrump
And should still be done now. Good is way better than fast!
Thank you for caring about 50-65 year olds. I think a bipartisan solution is best.
You're right, both parties must work together to make _______ better. Should have been from the start.
If we locked ya'lls asses in a room with only 2 porta-potties and a pallet of MRE's I'd bet u could hammer out a solution.
Seems only one party is UNWILLING to fix the parts of the ACA that are the problem.
What are you personally going to do to ensure a bi-partisan compromise?
Please continue to say no to the bill.
#trumpcare
That already happened. It's called the affordable care act.
I pray so!  It could be SO GOOD for so many if we would all work together.  Thank you!
Why don't you lead the way?  Who is more knowledgeable than you? Reach out to @SenAngusKing, hold daily press briefs, and #ProtectOurCare
She is the only GOP not to vote on repeal. She has always wanted to fix it. Remember GOP leadership did not welcome her input.
It can't be fixed. WAKE UP!!!
When dems and Gop fix it, i'll get back to you. There's no problem without a solution. Be open-minded.
I'm in the healthcare industry. I am open-minded and well-informed.
There are ways it can be improved, if not it would have been repealed a long time ago. I seriously doubt your position. You sound political.
I am a business analyst in the healthcare industry specializing in hospital pharmaceuticals and outpatient reimbursement.
Isn't that part of the problem? the fact that drug prices are unbearable. Furthermore, I thought public option was another solution 2 O'care
Senator, these guys managed to work together to form a gov, why can't your party? GOP isn't representing 70% of this country!
Absolutely. I hope that you can get enough people to stand up to Mcconnell and change his thinking.
Agreed. What I don't understand is why almost everyone else is acting like it's the last resort. This is what frustrates Americans the most!
Truly, why should the American people trust the GOP to put partisan games and tax cuts aside to help on healthcare? Trust must be earned.
Yes, but R can stand to share an accomplishment with a black man.
Thank you for your ongoing support to #EndAlz! Twice as likely to strike than breast or prostate cancer claiming 50% by 85yr
Please keep fighting for poor and sick people like my mom- she got an autoimmune disease at 43. I don't know we will do if BCRA passes.
Give the Democrats a voice at the table, and an actual healthcare bill instead of a tax cut and you will see bipartisanship.
It would be a novel idea if you reached out to a Dem and offer to fix the things in ACA that need fixed, instead of this whole REPEAL thing
That's always been the plea. 64 times they voted to repeal it because they knew it was meaningless. Now, once touched, forever owned.
Thank you, Senator Collins!
@WSJ Sorry but I don't trust Mitch McConnell.
Both parties crap getting really dull.  Republicans should listen to American people and not take healthcare from millions then we can talk
Thanks Susan, Peggy. Heidi @SenatorHeitkamp you're the perfect one to deliver this Sunday Talk Show script.
Both parties need to come together to impeach trump.  He is mentally unfit for office



The understatement of the year, your party, the demorats, screwed up the ACA and now you're trying to blame the ones who put you in office
It took a legislative crisis for the GOP leadership to finally seek bi-partisan cooperation. GOP is a combative Obstructionist party.
U should tell that to BOTH Mitch M & Chuck S!! The people NEED this to get fixed!!
I remember Sen Grassley and Sen Snowe working very hard to do just that...unfortunately others wouldn't and partisan won out...wasted yrs!
Senator, now is the time to repeal O'care. Then work on what was wrong before O'care: pre-existing conditions and poverty. Stop the charade.
So you want 2 throw the baby out with the bath water and come back at some point in the future and see if it's dead yet? Claim ur Pro-life?
Get a grip on the reality of O'care which is sinking fast; some have no coverage. BYW, people are covered without it, esp kids.
Yes but your party had to throw a repeal & replace tantrum b4 coming to the table. Dems have always been ready to fix the probs with ACA.
Thank you senator. Please pursue with murkowski and Cassidy.
Your right but McConnell and his henchmen do not care about us at all,children,older folks,pre existing,working poor,etc,etc,etc
Collins-you're wrong. HATE can not be easily removed. Think in more depth.
@SenatorCollins and @Peggynoonannyc are two parts of the same problem. #Complicit
We HAVE a healthcare law in place covering millions! Work with Dems to improve, not repeal or try to re-create the wheel. #AffordableCareAct
Couldn't agree more.
Woulda, coulda, shoulda. That was neither the Ryan, nor McConnell/WH plan.
Agreed! Will you be willing to work with @SenateDems on a plan to fix the issues with the #ACA rather than repeal and replace?
Just got to get McConnell to let them in!
And you could have been working together had McConnell not refused any cooperation with Obama. Shame on R's for that but can redeem now
Go the way of Canada and make it free health care
