You spoke against the repeal!  How can you!
VOTE NO for the love of God. This is a disastrous bill.
U are a liberal democrat jump ship already!
#traitor #treason
Issues is Democratics speak of a Better Deal but they have no deal & no new ideas. All they do is whin & complain! Then they obstruct
Can you please declare your official intention with the health care bill? We have been calling your office and you still seem undecided.
I think she'll do that when CBO comes out, unless there's a promise 4 COMPLETE CBO score later. Still, she may just say NO when CBO happens
Pardon my misnuderstanding, but I thought they were only doing a limited CBO (already done) and wouldn't meet the vote deadline of 30-Sep?
I mean, they already published the numbers on state-by-state funding gains/losses.
Thanks, I didn't know that.
I felt comforted after spending some time on her Twitter page. She's ALL ABOUT HealthCare and programs for at risk populations.
What makes me nervous is past voting habits - she tends to vote only for things that are 'safe' to vote for (e.g., already not gonna pass).
Susan thank u from the middle class
You turned your back on Maine for political grandstanding and PAC money.  One less vote in Rockland.
Wants to keep PP funding. Sue her 4 misrepresentation! Lied about being Repub

YOU should be ashamed of yourself you always vote against everything republicans want you would not vote against Ocare for any reason sigh
Making your rounds. Dems playing nice. HEY--JOIN THEM!
I see u have gotten cozy with the #FakeNews outlets. Ur a democrat
My insurance tripped in price & covers very little with high deductible. Now it can go up Thanks Susan is Hillary your idol
What do you expect from a Democrat? She's always only in it for herself.
Thank you Senator for having a conscience
Can't wait for 2020 to help get this WITCH out.
VOTING YOU OUT. YOU'RE A DISGRACE TO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND SHOULD HANG YOUR HEAD IN SHAME. PURE SCUM
The basic Medicaid program wasn't implemented for all who can't afford HC? Most of us can't afford today's premiums.
I pray your vote will be No. My daughter, a self employed grad student stands to lose her insurance due to her condition.
Maine should recall you! All you're asses should be forced to have Obamacare. @realDonaldTrump
No surprise you r a traitor to all Republicans
of course  you did,,, you made his day. we the voters are aware...we are watching.
Jake Tapper again?

How often are you on CNN ?

Do you feel like a Hollywood star?
You like the attention?

YOU SUCK AS SENATOR
That says enough. RINO IS THE WORD
Appreciate this common sense approach. Thank you.
How about u back our PRESIDENT at some point?
Once again, you are thinking of and caring for the people you serve. I appreciate your courage & integrity. "It takes a woman" to stand up
Thanks, Susan! You are a smart woman, & know that we need to make health care better, & that doesn't happen by taking the lives of others.
You should resign.  You are clearly for big government run everything.  Helping the Democrats head for socialism.  Sad day
Thank you so much, God Bless you
Thank you for issuing a definitive answer and being courageous enough to stand up for millions of Americans.
Thank you Senator for your courage and integrity.
Thank you for being the republican voice of logic and reason.
Thank you for standing up against a health care plan that would have hurt so many Americans.

Ralph D.
St. Pete. FL
Please Retire!!!!!!!!
America thanks you
Senator Collins bless your heart your a woman of strength to vote no on this health care bill we will always be grateful to you
And we thank you
Thank you, Susan, for doing the right thing for the American people today!
Fake news host fake Republican and Fake Senator.  You are horrible.. I can't afford Obamacare
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you for your promised "No" vote!
Traitor
I see. Go on leftleaning networks who will soft peddle questions & pat you on the back for failing to repeal and replace Obamacare. Cowardly
Stand up for America Susan Collins you're in the right
Another left lib. Take McCain with u and hit the road,please
I watched. Thank you for your careful consideration and your understanding of the full effects of this bill, and your NO vote.
Wow! So proud of our Senator from Maine! Well said! Thank you!
Senator please vote no be a voice for the millions of children and elderly who do not have a chance to address their concerns.
It figures Susan Collins wld interview with Jake  it takes a demorat 2no a demorat get Collins out of the Senate she lied &needs 2b recalled
Thank u Jake  great interview
like always.
I hope the Senate goes to regular order to fix Healthcare problem as the senator stated.
THANK YOU FOR SAYING "NO" TO GRAHAM-CASSIDY!
Didn't hear ANY SOLUTION SENATOR to fix unsustainable entitlements & grossly inflated costs of care. Easy to be concerned!  FIX IT!
TY Senator. We count on you to #ProtectOurCare. Older and rural Mainers need the ACA fixed, not sabotaged or repealed.
Of course you were on CNN. What Democrat doesn't want to be on that channel?
Ms Collins you know in your heart this is a bad bill that is all
If they have to buy you off and you except, you will never be anything except that person who thought money meant more then human life
Please do the moral thing and save lives not destroy them #VoteNoGrahamCassidy 
#HealthCareForAll
PLEASE, don't let us down. I have adult "children" w/disabilities. Even with current funding services have to be fought for.
Please vote no
I hope you see the devistation that this bill will do for everyone else but they only want to make you and your state happy for your vote
Please resist this pressure. They only want a win. The VP has not standards of his own, he just follows the president even if he is immoral
Dear Sweet Madam, looks like you are new victim of the VP to trap for a yes vote. They will come on a radio show to add pressure on u.

40%this year and 250% since implementation for crappy insurance...disaster for middle class...kill it, kill it NOW
You could vote for repeal of everything in Obamacare EXCEPT the pre-existing conditions, maybe. But PLEASE don't kill Graham-Cassidy bill.
I understand u need to b responsive to your constituents but your vote impacts the ENTIRE nation. Vote NO. Guarantee pre-existing conds.
I'm going to say Tzy I advance thinking u ran honorable human. Why not become an independent til it's gone?
Then just say no!!
Congree could have easily fixed AHA and renamed  it something new No one would have cared
We know they are trying to bribe you. While you rightfully want to look out for your state, is is right to do it at the expense of others?
Allowing citizens of other states to suffer or die to get your state a sweet deal is not ok as an American offical. Hopefully you agree
That's your speed.All CNN does is lie & support the Left only.As we've all seen U R really a Democrat. Please, do us a favor and join them.
Thank you, Senator Collinn.
Please vote NO on Graham/Cassidy. America needs you.
Please stand strong against this health bill. The people of this country need your NO vote.
Stay strong! Vote no and then work with the whole congress to fix this healthcare quagmire!  Thanks for your work!

@SenatorCollins What can possibly be stopping u from saying NO right NOW? Do you see the ill people in wheelchairs being arrested?
Please @SenatorCollins please stand against ACA repeal! Women need you!!!
Senator, PLEASE help us! Americans need healthcare! #NoRepeal #SaveACA
Pls kill this cruel bill. Don't be bribed. will be your legacy. Disabled being dragged out of capital building right now! #KillTheBill #ACA
Please Vote NO for the good of your state as well as the rest of us across the US. Continue work on #ACARepair <3
Please vote no Senator! We in maine and the USA need your leadership and bravery. Thank you!
Don’t be swayed by sweetening the pot for Alaska and Maine.  Don’t cut Medicaid
Change your party affiliation Senator.
Please vote no #GrahamCassidy for the sake of all americans who have pre existing conditions and will be bank rupt if #GrahamCassidy passes
You're a great Senator and public servant. Thank you.
Don't sell your soul to the Dotard Devil. He will be gone soon, and you will have to live with your vote...
Please @SenatorCollins don’t let us down. Vote NO. Thank you
Please vote no on this awful bill. Support a bipartisan fix of ACA instead.
please vote no! protect our most vulnerable!
Please vote no
Please, Senator. Vote no.
Right on Senator Collins. Use a bi-partisan approach to fixing health care.Please stand strong against the terrible Graham Cassidy bill.
You are wonderful for opposing Graham-Cassidy Bill. I knew you could not be bribed. So many millions of Americans love you.
Susan Collins can't even talk right, is she just senile, to many people with problems in politics.
Mrs Collins  it great to see that some GOP senators are caring individuals and that are willing to stand up and say no.
Senator Collins thank you for your thoughtful response and caring about our nation as a whole, not just a state that will temporarily benefi
Senator-Please- Don't take the candy!  #Americans don't want to get in the #GrahamCassidy #Deathcare van! #dontsellyourvote #ProtectOurCare
planning on flying to Washington tomorrow to hopefully meet with you or staff.  Please, do not vote for GC.  See you soon.
Don't let them buy your vote with more money for Maine! Do what is right and #VoteNo @SenatorCollins.
Hey why don't you pay my health care bill sent you want don't want to help us out by getting rid of Obamacare

Do not just complain, do your job! Fix it! Put amendments into it and get it passed by Sept 30th! Don’t fail us Americans! Repeal Obamacare
please stand up for your constituents and #stopthebill #GrahamCassidy
Get real and consider REAL PEOPLE.  THEY CANNOT PAY FOR Obamacare.  Insurance Companies bailing out.  You don't understand this
Please help all Americans and Improve Obamacare and make it better for all !
Dear Senator. PLEASE do not allow the @GOP to BRIBE you - at the expense of others.  Thousands of American lives are in your hands! Vote No!
Health care reform is what is needed! Vote no to obamacare and vote YES to repeal and replace!
CNN is fake news.  You should just stay away from it
Those of us with pre-existing conditions need you, Sen. Collins. Even those of us in KY. Vote NO.
So, Senator Collins, I'm looking forward to seeing a health bill you would actually sponsor /    support
To Susan Collins....so what are the scumbagRepublicans saying about you and Lisa Murkowski.... that you will take a bribe?
Vote no!
I have stage 4 cancer. This waiting for your decision feels just like the waiting I do when I have one of those awful tests.
Lean harder against it, Senator.  People's lives depend on it!
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy.  It will mean Bankruptcy or Death to many Americans with Pre existing conditions
.@SenatorCollins Plsvote no. It's wrong 2vote on bill just to avoid 60'vote scenario. create  bipartisan decent bill Ucan get 60 votes on!!
By all means show strength and vote no toon this charade. Lindsay Cassidy Bill will hurt people
vote no
@lisamurkowski
@SenatorCollins
I find it hard to believe Authors changed #GrahamCassidyBill to allow AHCA to remain for AK & ME for ur Votes
Please vote no. For many Americans Obamacare is keeping us alive! The current bill is nothing short of evil!
Anything Trump is for...Americans should be against because it's not in the best interest for anyone but himself!
PLEASE VOTE NO!
And lead others to vote NO along side of you!!
PLEASE VOTE NO.
Please do everything in your power to protect our health care. Block the dangerous Graham-Cassidy bill.  Stay strong!
Go talk Shumer your mentor
Please vote no as I can tell is what your conscience is telling you. The bipartisan direction is the right thing to do. Thank you Senator!
Senator Collins, thank you for saying you will vote NO on G-C!! You are a moral wiman who cannot be bought! THANK YOU!
Sen. Sanders is the only person to voice concern about the OUTRAGEOUS profit margins in the healthcare industry

8000% profit is NOT OK !!!
Senator, you MUST support this concept of turning this back to the states. Every state is so different! That's where decisions must be made.
Nope 
Excellent interview with Susan Collins. Return to normal order! Waiting for CBO score. Stay focused.
Please vote no! Continue to do the right thing for all Americans. Work on a bipartisan plan to protect everyone.
Thank you Senator Collins for standing strong.  Thank you for not being a sellout to DJT's bullying on this bad HC "reform".  #TrueAmerican
Collins you lying POS RINO...u had 7 yrs!!!! What have you done to Repeal and Replace HC?? NOTHING...TIME FOR U TO GO U LOSER!!!!
Please do not  be bought by your cohorts and stand for the people of America and vote no
@SenatorCollins IT IS PRACTICALLY UR BILL!! Please help 'we the people' w/special needs kids get rid of the O'care Bill that is hurting us!!
One lib talking with another lib. Two more years and goodbye. MAGA
Please don't allow them to buy your vote Sen. Collins . Stand with John McCain !
Don’t cave as they dangle the nuggets over the tar pit. Maine needs you to provide “the best” healthcare, not, the low hanging fruit plan
Repeal obamacare. Obamacare is health insurance for the masses, real HealthCARE for politicians and the rich. Collins is not on Obamacare
I am so grateful to you. My son is paralyzed hence a pre existing condition. The obscene cruelty of the bill is mind boggling.
Please do not accept bribes! Please save ur state and country-vote No!We r counting on u-do not take away hlthcre along w/pre-existing cond.
Too afraid to be on a conservative news program.
please vote no nation depends on you Millions will be uninsured millions w preexisting conditions affected premium increase
Please vote no. Women in Maine and across the country are counting on you to preserve our access to healthcare.
Please vote no, Senator Collins.
Special alterations to the bill for Maine is great but leaves the remaining Americans out of decent health care. Do what is right for ALL!!
Please vote not on healthcare bill despite president sweetening the pot for Maine.
Please vote no.  Block grants for Maine will do no good.  You know our governor.  Need to consider the rest of our nation as well.
20 Trillion in fed debt
Don't accept what is basically bribe to get you to vote yes on G/C bill. Do the right/ethical thing and vote no. Many depending on U! Thanx!
No lean.  This is worse.
Thank you, Senator. <3 We need reform, but it has to be a bipartisan effort! Please stand against those bullying you to  a better solution.
Take a position.  This is not thoughtful.  If you weren't appalled by this bill 10 pages in you need a new job.
Please go on @MorningsMaria live and have a truly honest discussion! If you think OCare is so great-why are you not on it? My prems TRIPLED!
GOP using active measures, learned from Putin on their own Senators.
The unethical @SenateGOP now handing out unconstitutional goodies to both Alaska AND Maine to bribe senators to kill US health insurance....
Dear Sen.Collins, Please don't forget: the promise was repeal & replace with something better.  Where's the better?
They're trying to pit states against each other our country is divided as it is please don't let this happen!
Just the appearance of holding out for more money is not good for bipartisanship #regularorder
Please do not let them BUY your vote. How is that good policy? Their evil intent is transparent, but you will be the one who sold your soul.
Americans are waiting to see you vote "no" again on healthcare!  Are you capable of backing your president?? We are watching you!!
"Bill" is rushed, w no full CBO, no Dem input, hearings. Is this good enough for you Senator?It isn't best for citizens. We demand better
Please vote no @SenatorCollins
Appalling, "leaning against" means "I'm open to more bribing"; this bill will severely affect millions of lives negatively.
Defundpp
Why not a thoughtful responsible bill with proper input & debate thru regular order? Don't throw us under the bus.
I hope that you will vote no to the graham cassidy bill , a lot of people are on medicaid and need it.
give it your thumbs down @SenatorCollins
Please vote No,Senator!
She has no clew that the bill will give Mariners more benefits all she and McCain are obstructionists very poor indeed
Please lean hard against this bill, bad for all Americans
Please vote no Senator. Thank you for your service. #NoGrahamCassidy
Thank you so much, Senator, for everything you said - you ROCK! And thank you, Mr. Tapper, for getting to the heart of the matter. Grateful!
Sue Collins is at CNN because her democratic friends work there. 
Sue is the establishment Model for term limits
Please don't fall for this "revised" bill. Waving a magic wand does not turn bad legislation into good, overnight.
they  changed the healthcare bill to give the hold out states more money, AZ, AK and Maine.  this isnt about these states, its about country
So u can fool us into hearing your crap. Zeno thanks !
