Thank you @SenatorCollins 4 putting the American ppl before partisan nonsense. I hope both parties can work together.
#DefundPP
So glad you'll be helping with the Senate version. Oh, wait! That's not you. That's just a bunch of guys. Cool.
She has her own version, no?
Yes, but to what end? If the @SenMajLeader is in cahoots with a bunch of men to put forward theirs...
Then three Republican votes can stop that bill. There are enough Republicans working on her bill to stop that.
I hope you come out strong against the firing of Director Comey!  You must realize that this is extremely troubling to nation's rule of law
Please do what's best for Americans and pass #AHCA don't be afraid because of the liberals scare tactics. Republicans VOTED you in NOT them

ACA is stable. It needs REPAIRS not REPLACED! Use the foundation that's there and FIX it! PLEASE do the right thing!
Stable?? The ACA is imploding. All of Iowa and part of Virginia have no insurance at all. It needs repealed and redone b4 total destruction
GET INFORMED! GOP has HATED ACA for years. How's the new plan look to ya! Hope you or family NEVER get PEC's! Learn, read the link posted!
Ihave preexisting conditions &had great insurance until Obamacare lost my doctors & insurance 3 times! Now I cant buy any insurance! #ACASux
Well now you have NONE unless Senate fixes it.
You left oit the part where you still want a private FOR PROFIT entity pp to still get tax payer  an illegal use of tax payer 
Protecting fascist traitors is not in America's best interests. 18 U.S. Code § 2381 - Treason
Do not vote for the #AHCA it is a death sentence for not just Mainers but all americans. #mepolitics
Instead fight for single payer health care. It will allow for strong negotiations on medicine costs and lower prices. And save all americans
Single payer can care for every child, elder and vet. It could save the VA from its burden of over taxing facilities by making sure
vets can get treatment at any facility, making it easier for more severely injured or elder vets to get regular treatment and therapy.
Stop voting for Collins she is a paid PP hack that is what she will vote on
All of you questions are thing that Obamacare has failed to do. So act while you have the opportunity and not just talk.

Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
THIS IS NOT A GOOD START! NO WOMEN on this panel!
If it was all Republican WOMEN you'd complain about that too 
Dont be fooled by this Senator,She is a right wing hack in love with Trump.
You should be on the Senate healthcare committee!!
Thank you for taking the time and the care this needs.
Trumpcare is just a bill to create huge tax cuts for the 2%.  Healthcare is the last of the republicans concern.  We are not stupid.
U R a liar and your party has chosen party and big money over country on this and all other issues. SHAME ON U. Retire or we will replace U
Translation: Goodbye ACA, hello #Trumpcare
Just being female is a preexisting condition. Please protect my health benefits as a female who has preconditions.
Then make a plan that works. #StopAHCA
You are a paid PP hack
I'd like less costly support for non-profit health care providers like @kp_washington and @PPFA than profit-driven ins. co. intermediaries..
Thank God someone has a brain and wants to do whats best for our country!
Is erectile disfunction a pre-existing condition ? If something is on viagra, they do!
https://twitter.com/SenatorCollins/status/860241815907295232 …
Fix ACA, don't destroy it. Work together for the Americans who HAVE to pay for their own medical ins.
#NoAHCA
Senator Collins’ statement on passage of House health care bill #mepolitics http://bit.ly/2p2oz4P  
I don't trust this woman at all--  in the end she will cave like she always does & down to her amoral disgrace of a "party" --Mainers beware
I appreciate your honesty & stand for accessible healthcare for ALL. I don't care for your party at all but appreciate your work.
Please find a way like Rand paul suggests of small business pooling together for group insurance..we pay 1600 a month its unsustainable 4us
Mrs. Collins, the aforementioned tweets are taken from a fb convo today. I am not the writer, he is a nurse in Maine. His ideas were great.
Insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies are making billions and no one cares to try to stop that. They get paid no matter what. .
I get the majority of my care from VAMC Togus. It doesn't stop my employer from requiring I insure myself in order to insure my family.
If the government funds med research, they get the patent. Other drug companies will be able to make the same formula without the long wait
I agree with you Debbie but I am confused how this relates to Sen Collins' tweet.
Even tho it passed the House the Senate is going to come up with their own. These are suggestions for Senator Collins.
the govt pays it to the "insurer" on behalf of that person. The insurer still has the negot power of a current insur company because of vol.
If "insurers" collect more than they spend, next years prems go down. Have less fortunate apply for assistance and if they qualify,
Make healthcare non-profit. Hospitals, "insurers", meds.Pharm seek research grants from the govt so they can't raise prices to cover it.
That lowers malpractice insurance which puts THAT money back in the pockets of the practitioner,  instead of THEIR insurance company.
and raise the burden for filing malpractice and make laws forcing the complainant to pay the costs of a prov. if they don't prevail in court
Make healthcare non-profit across the board. Include pharmaceuticals and DME. Give incentives for people to use the system wisely
removing profit from health insur co. The insur co  is reporting record high profits largely due to the ACA, and on the backs of sick people
People having no incentive to use medical responsibly. People using medicaid have a higher visit rate than people using private insur.
Mam did u ever think of slamming ins co and corporations that decide prices? It's a start just saying
You are not completely correct, in some states there is no insurance 2 buy at all, not just for subsidies. ACA is collapsing & needs repeal
Thank you for your thoughtful approach to this issue.  Please do not vote for the AHCA, a health care disaster for Maine.
I live in Maine, our household pays $1400 a month just for insurance. Medicine is another $500. Keep pursuing common sense solutions.
we don't think that we should have to pay for people to have abortions.Planned parenthood does abortions up to 24 weeks that is murder
You seem to have some common sense(you ARE from Maine), Use it & repair the ACA. @SpeakerRyan with his sales pitch is an affront to the USA.
The House plan will bury your party along with millions of people who seem to be expendable to the @GOP. I think the midterms will bring
a knock-out punch to it. Fix it.
Do NOT support this bill. This is not backed by major medical advocacy groups and will hurt too many people.  Vote NO
https://www.facebook.com/Jarnocan/posts/10158559060960398 … NC mom threatened with arrest + removal of her children for wanting to speak to REPRESENTATIVE @houseGOP #trumpcare
Thanks for being honest, saw you on ABC I'm pro ACA & proud dem, its nice to see a woman republican that cares!
Just fix the ACA.  Your team broke it, now you must fix it.
Millions don't have coverage under ACA due to blocks by Republicans. Just look at LePage's reversal to expand Medicare.
Your last question is the key -- why are we passing legislation to fix health care by limiting access to coverage?
if u can get ur voice heard in senate - state high risk pools don't work. Prohibitively expensive, long wait lists, exclusions
I do wish that you or one of your female colleagues would be a part of the healthcare panel?  This seems so odd, considering that you've
Many outside of Maine are counting on you to make educated, smart decisions for your consitutients & the american people.  People over party
Are you embarrassed yet by the party of craven looters you belong to?  Zero female senators are being consulted on the senate version.
Don't you give in to politics like the rest of them. This is human lives not party lines that are at stake.
Please also review the legislation with regard to the effects on women's health care issues.
Thank you Senator. You should try to get some women into the group working on the Senate version. Totally offensive that it's only men now.
We'll see other party in power they will reverse all this GOP madness
GOP congress passed healthcare bill just to show people we did but how rackless to throw poor and elder people under the bus. Stop Madness.
There are many other questions, including the impacts of AHCA on military veterans, mental health coverage, and substance abuse coverage.
Good questions. Too bad you won't be allowed to read the bill before you vote on it. That should be enough for you to VOTE NO ON trumpCARE.
#Disability activists should be at the center of our #healthcare discussions and policy & law development. Tremendous assets.
#voiceofreason
I have been researching you and I gotta say, you are what I wish the @GOP was. Please vote no on #Trumpcare for the sake of everyone.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @VP @TomPriceMD 
Questions.
Senator Collins’ statement on passage of House health care bill #mepolitics http://bit.ly/2p2oz4P  
It is appalling that the 13 Senators charged with working out the Senate version are all male. Not one woman. Why?
@CNN @MSNBC @chuckschumer 
@NancyPelosi @SenateDems 
@HouseDemocrats @TomPerez Valid questions.
Senator Collins’ statement on passage of House health care bill #mepolitics http://bit.ly/2p2oz4P  
I have stage 4 metastatic breast cancer. A lifetime Mainer. I would not be able to afford the $143000 4my treatment. Vote No
Health Care Bill Sucks! Vote No!!
Many people are counting on you to get this right. The house GOP tRumpcare bill is not adequate. In fact it's dangerous.
Answers should have been given before passage especially house GOP should be required to at least read the bill
Please. This is not a partisan issue. This is a people, life issue. #ACA is 'leveling' out. #NoRepeal Save the #ACA
Truth is all you need to do is FIX Obamacare not kiss Trumpbutt. Factually insurance companies made money from Ocare.  They just got GREEDY
So fix them, not AHCA
NOT OFF TO A GOOD START! WHY aren't there any women on this panel! This is MADDENING!
Please vote against this poorly written bill
Counting on you to help get the healthcare fix passed.  Ocare is killing us out here.  My family was kicked off insurance because of it.
The stress that has been placed on ACA is not only from the market itself but from LYING GOP members.
As a future Maine resident, I follow you and how you vote. Re: AHCA...Please do what's best for those who need your help most. #CapeLizBound
Why is the Federal government being made responsible for every ones health care. Why should any one under 50 want to pay for insurance?
We see the raid on the Medicare trust fund, the age tax, the undermining of the EHB's. Pls vote NO. #RepairnotRepeal @RepPoliquin
Our population in Maine is too old and too poor to survive a future without accessible healthcare. Please put people before party.
Your constituents are paying attention. Listen to our calls. Reject the #AHCA.
She'll cast her NO vote along with @lisamurkowski. Pence breaks the 50-50 tie. Planned Parenthood replay. She won't do enough.
If you got LePage to accept the Medicaid Expansion, we might be more willing to believe you.  If you look, your questions have answers.
The only way to truly provide #healthcare for all is to move to a single payer system like #Australia #Canada #Britain
Don't you dare vote yes!
Appreciate a responsible Republican.  Not only do people of Maine need to be protected but all Americans.  Tax cut for wealthy in disguise.
Maine, where half of the homicides are a result of domestic violence,why vote for a bill that would classify that as a preexisting condition
Millions r terrified of what AHCA will do to them & their families. Good Americans w/ pre-existings need U to protect them @SenatorCollins
trumpcare is the very definition of depraved indifference murder https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depraved-heart_murder … …
Im already suffering  because of LePages actions, please do not make even more elderly and low income Mainers suffer. Have a  senator
As you review the #AHCA, please note the particular cruelty it contains, not least calling rape & domestic violence pre-existing conditions.
@GOP has lost its way. Please give serious consideration to changing your party affiliation to independent.
You & other Republicans who lead with decency and integrity could start a new party, one that truly honors legacy of the Republican past.
It seems the last one maybe should be first - but I am concerned mostly about "aging out" of the the new plan
The crisis of the ACA has been politically manufactured. That you mention it here does note bode well for your vote.
ACA collapse is because states refused to work with it. Maine is no different.
Trumpcare is going to be a disaster. Please do not vote for this
You WILL NOT support the AHCA in its current form of discriminatory persecution against the poor and women.
That third question? Check out:

#IAmAPreexistingCondition for many examples of people who would be excluded including me.
#mepolitics
Shame on you!
This is great,Senator-liberals are approving your ACTIONS! It was thanks to you that Obamacare passed &now again you're betraying Americans!
We will be watching your actions carefully. Please do what is best for the people who voted for you and not your party.
Miss Moderate will oppose it in public, but vote for it. Mainers will believe she is Miss Moderate. She's a master at the art of deception
What ridiculous, fence-sitting pablum. DO YOUR JOB!
Enjoy the time u have left in the Senate! U will be voted out! Run for governor - u will not win!
Thank you Sen. Collins. Americans need rational individuals like you to help #ProtectOurCare
Please #VoteNoAHCA as it will negatively impact Maine families. And no votes without CBO scores!
please also consider mental health. People leave jobs to seek needed treatment and recovery and need ACA coverage to do so
Nice. But u cannot let today's ideas go forward. Otherwise u r complicit.
They did exactly what they accused Obama of-ramming it through. Egos are not more important than people's lives!
You know the answers
Ok so what's your vote ?
I compliment you for well thought out expectations. Will you budge under pressure? Also protect Planned Parenthood funding. Good luck.
Do not let Freedom Caucus bully you.
I voted for you and if you vote for this I will not vote for you again!!
Thank you for your reasoned approach-we need to protect ppl w pre conditions, the elderly and children w spec needs and their families. 
The ACA is very important to many of us in Maine.  Please oppose trumpcare.  #NoRepeal
.Honestly, you better not liberalize this bill in the Senate.
You will find that none of your fellows on the house side have read it in totality.  Please do not support.  Repair, not repeal.
Stand your ground on this, Senator.  Stop caving.
Vote no, demand a better bill. Let's build on the ACA and make it better.
If you vote for this bill or any bill like it, I will work day and night to make sure you lose your seat.
Here here
Thank you Senator for treating the issue with the gravity it deserves. Please proceed deliberately in the Senate, unlike the House.
#SusanCollins #LisaMerkowski - it is fish or cut bait time - this vote will count.
That's why we all love you. Thank you for your slice of sanity in your forum of increasing madness.
You need to criticize your party members in the other house, who voted this in without knowing those answers.  Shame on them.
Shut up -Democrats didn't even read the bill before voting for that DISASTER and now you're talking about Republicans who know what's in it!
Senator Collins, true healthcare reform would un-tie health insurance from jobs instead of pushing 8-10% into inferior plans
Thank you for being one of the good ones!!! 
Please stay focused so many of us in Maine will lose care and lives. Thank you
Please, please, please for ALL of your fellow citizens make sure those questions have good, positive answers. We need you to stand up for us
TRUMPCARE KILLS!! 24 million get kicked off of insurance so the rich can get a tax break.#TRUMPCAREKILLS @RepPoliquin
Appreciate your concern for the people who will be most affected by this issue. Many of us are very concerned about our continuing coverage
Please, I urge you to vote no on this terrible health care bill.
It would shrink Medicaid coverage, undercut protections for ppl with pre-existing conditions, eliminate billions of $ that help pay for ACA.
You are an impressive person, unique amongst your republican peers. I hope you really come through on #ACA. Trumpcare is just wrong.
All eyes on you.
I'm a 59 year old woman that pays $1100 a month for coverage. My retired husband pays about $300 per month. His medicine is outrageous #SOS
I wish there were more practical folks in public service like you.
Please vote no as it currently stands. Nothing the house GOP has proposed improves the ACA, and that is the goal.
As you bash ACA, you don't mention that your party ruined it,first through suing to opt out of Mcaid expansion,then killing risk corridor
Sure hopes the AHCA treats people the same as the Group market otherwise it will break law against equality under the law.
Voice of reason
Good for you. Insurance companies will demand Pre-existing condition waivers from states to offer coverage. Pre - existing Cond Pats suffer
Will you join your colleagues on The Senate Death Panel and vote for The American Homicide Collective Act?
Senator!! With total respect.  The entire country needs your voice and mind on this!! Too many will be left out and not guaranteed care!
thank you senator!
It is disingenuous to say the ACA is in full effect when many of its provisions have been blocked by GOP, who refuse to make reasonable
Adjustments so they can claim ACA failed. You need to work with dems to fix and support the people over your party.
Senator, please don't turn on this one. #SaveACA. Everyone is watching. Give your staffers and phonelines a break...
Sen. Collins. This House bill also doesn't allow people in states like CA or NY to use the subsidies because of the abortion language.
Please save millions of Americans lives by voting #NoAHCA
TY for your measured approach & willingness to put people before party. Neither constituent nor rep, but depending on you!
Please vote NO on the AHCA bill. Tens of thousands of Mainers are counting on you. Fix it, don't trash it. #lovemyaca don't want to lose it
Fine questions, but your proposal left Maine ppl high and dry as well. Fix ACA!
This is who your party is  Singing in House Chamber w/o a CBO score - I suppose we should "just eat cake"
Ur statement rings hollow senator.  U will vote in the end for ur party and not for seniors, people with MH or SA issues or the wkng poor
Like u always do.  #shameful #cowards #notrun
Good for you. Access to quality Health care is a fundamental human right. One day the US Government will recognize this.
That might be a bit much but I agree with your sentiment.  It should be in our society.
The answer to all your questions is #SinglePayer, duh. But then you wouldn't get your kick backs from #BigPharma  would you?
A vote yes costs 100% of my family's insurance costs to skyrocket. I didn't work for 40 years to die this way.
still waiting to hear back about the telecom bill you voted in. How many times do I need to write/call before you give responses?
I envy Mainers for having such a thoughtful Senator. Thanks for your beacon, @SenatorCollins
Many Mainers are depending on the ACA including my husband and myself. Please join @SenAngusKing and oppose #Trumpcare2! #mepolitics
You have worked across the aisle before @SenatorCollins to avoid a government shutdown. Please work to fix the #ACA. #NoRepeal
Just. Don't. We shouldn't need to beg you to be a good person. Don't do it.
Any idea why ACA was hamstrung?
Looking forward you you being a strong moderate voice for our country. Badly needed!
#MayThe4thBeWithYou
#AHCA
#RepealAndReplace
#Resist
#TheResistence
#ShowSupport

This (!)
https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 …
Take Action

https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 … 
