That's great! Help patients further by cutting their costs. #StandFirm  #FullRepeal of ACA & NO to AHCA! #KeepThePromise! #UnitedForFreedom
I hope u insist #AHCA's language be made public & debated. Such monumental legislation too impt to be snuck thru!
Hopefully you won't vote to take healthcare away from millions.
My suggestion is that all women senators join together
and oppose the behind closed door workings of 13 men writing a new health care bill.
Don’t let Maine lose $27M in vital CDC funding. Oppose the AHCA & #ProtectPrevention http://bit.ly/2sQwQcy 
Please do not vote on any Healthcare bill that includes cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, or discriminates on the basis of pre existing conditions
Then would be hypocritical to vote for AHCA and uninsure 23 million!
Thank you for your years of public service. Please vote NO: Senate Health Care bill. Changes to Obamacare should be improvements not losses.
What good will itdo ifAHCA passes&PeopleCan'tAffordThe costs which guts protections4Preexisting conditions yearly lifetime limit&
Covers0!
Voting on a bill that has no opportunity for discussion defies democracy.
OPEN hearing on healthcare bill please. No tricks like DEVOS please. #mepolitics @NIH
@SenatorCollins stay strong- no to health care bill!
We expect #FullRepeal! Dont contribute further to the downfall of ur party by pushing thru #SwampCare.  #KeepThePromise!! #UnitedForFreedom
Senate's secret deliberations to wreck ACA are a disgrace. Medicaid cuts will HURT your elderly constituents. Please resist.
Then please recognize that we can't afford to loose funding to the @NIH #badbudget
please fund the essential research of N.I.H.!
@SenDeanHeller stay strong for you Nevada constituents vote no on health kill bill!
NO obamacare or trumpcare replacement! Free the market only! #UnitedForFreedom!
Tired of you always acting so bi-partisan than always voting with GOP on every major bill. You've got quite a con going on. #ImpeachTrump
We need an OPEN hearing on Health Care.  All this secrecy and dealing with our tax dollars should be open for all to listen. MM is terrible
Please don't pass the AHCA bill without democracy.  Our lives depend on it.
I believe you have the integrity not to vote for a bad health care bill
Keep the promise. Repeal oblamer/trumpcare. #FullRepeal #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
Hypocrite! What wil lhappen to their budget under the Republican budget?
You only care about photo ops and your "legacy."  You betrayed your people by voting for Tillerson & Devos.  You sold out the USA.
#FullRepeal #KeepThePromise or we will send you home! Get govt out of our healthcare & stop acting like the left! No ACA & No Obamacare 2.0
The divisiveness in this country is result of Congress not doing their job of legislating. Partisanship vs cooperation = normalised hatred.
Please don't take our access to such benefits away. #NoAHCA
Please stop tweeting empty platitudes & start actually working for the ppl of Maine who elected you to serve them.
Means nothing if average Americans can't afford health insurance.  America needs SINGLE PAYER health insurance
#DefundPP No more mandates
If they pass the ACHA pretend healthcare act, you won't have to worry about healing sick people any more. Only the wealthy will get care 
Hope u won't be a coward & will vote to oppose Ryancare! Waiting for adults to show up on Repub side. We are counting on u.
Please be as concerned about your constituents and vote NO on the AHCA. Have heart and don't dump people off healthcare.
With the @SenateGOP healthcare plan you can kiss good bye medical Research @SenatorCollins we need you to become a voice of reason Important
Please vote no on ACHA- 24 million will lose healthcare including seniors, children and people with disabilities!
I implore you to review the recommendations of the AMA, the March of Dimes, American Lung Association and 50+ other medical groups.
A vote for the AHCA is a vote against children, the sick and the elderly.
Trump should order Rosenstein 2 fire Mueller- U senators R full of yourselves w/this PROBE.. Pardon Flynn & be done- vote u out of congress
Please save the ACA.  I am a Concerned Maine Resident and I am counting on you on behalf of my family and friends.
Not without health care that your side is planning in secret
It won't matter when no one can afford health care.
bipartisan My backsides. Witch hunt waste of taxpayer dollars
Your up Shillsan. Softball questions?  You are a disappointment to Maine. Fingers crossed enjoy your last term. You got rich enough. No?
Sessions had no business recommending Comey to be fired. He's recused from Russian Investigation, Trump admitted that it's the reason!
I am so impressed with your professionalism! You did so well today! Thank you for trying to seek the truth.
Then strongly oppose the #AHCA, Senator.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2017/06/13/nationwide-blitz-launched-to-derail-trumpcare-in-senate/#33e1c7cb2bae …
#GOP #Republicans continue Orwellian assault on Open Government, Journalists, Constitution and First Amendment.
Thank you Senator. Please ensure they have funding to continue their important research.
more politicos jabbering away in psychopath tongue!!!
Reporters at Capitol have been told they are not allow to film interviews with senators in hallways, contrary to years of precedent
Americans want ACA, not #Trumpcare!  Vote no, and listen to your constituents, or #VoteThemOut and lose your seat!
Pleas stand up against cuts to public health and research and for an open process that strengthens health care for all. #ShowUsTheBill
medical professional & Maine 
and to uphold the Constitution; why has he himself not demanded to get to the bottom of the Russian meddling matter?
It's unconscionable!!
Why has POTUS who swore to protect US from ALL enemies, foreign & domestic,...............
Thanks, a good visit for a great cause!
A bill written behind closed doors, with no discussion, will not help anyone. Vote NO. We are counting on you!
Protect your constituents! Vote NO on the horrible non-health care bill.
you had lunch with @POTUS today.  Your vote to save our health care should NOT be bought off with food and chocolate cake.
Can we get public hearings on this secret dud of a healthcare bill that @SenateMajLdr cooked up from #AHCA ?
That's nice, @SenatorCollins!  Now where is the double super secret Senate Republican Health Care Bill??
Please stand with health! That includes supporting the ACA, adequate funding for the NIH and CDC, and the Medicaid expansion.
Sure hope you'll support the ACA so that all Americans can benefit from the research that impressed you so much!
Your party is about to ensure tens of millions of Americans will never benefit from the medical research that @NIH does.

Nice photo op.
Sen Collins is the reason the GOP is in charge of the Senate and the reason 23 m Americans are abt to lose health insurance

I don't understand why The speaker of the senate did not ask you to be on the select committee to come up with a health care proposal
Hope you discover how important funding research is for all of us and are willing to stand up to your colleagues who disagree.
I'm counting on you to help us save healthcare
2:00PM: Sen. Collins and Sen. Cotton have lunch with POTUS, along with 13 other Senators  2:30PM: Collins and Cotton question AG Sessions
Which Senators? Science denying senators?  ITS ALL the SAME SCIENCE, medicine and climate science are the same, pony show
Please stand fast against the AHCA. Unspeakable for bill on something so important not to have proper scrutiny, bipartisan input, CBO

.@karenhandel is trying desperately to not answer the climate change questions (8 Jun).  via @PBSAtlanta 
Please don't pick and choose science. Please stick up for all science, even if it goes against the financial interests of your party.
I agree with this statement 10000%.  Science and research are one of the many reasons why this country once was the envy of the entire world
