Please #voteno on TrumpCare
Thank you @SenatorCollins
great! Not many strides in getting Health Care passed though.......................... We don't want Obama Care we want NEW!
Health care for all can break the cycle of poverty, create jobs and pay increases. Vote NO on bill. Single payer needed.
Would you accept aca Medicaid as your personal health care? Unless you would what do you really understand about it
Don't save the ACA!! Vote yes!!
YES! Repeal Obamacare!
You have let down the Republican Party and the American people, you are a POS.
Ok so I know you're busy (thx again for no on GC) but will you please vote to ban arbitration clauses. Protect #cfpb arbitration rule.
Vote No Graham cassidy
Please Vote No on the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Vote no
Great for housing!!  Now please save lives by voting NO to the horrendous new Healthcare plan!!!
Thank you for being a voice for those who go unheard
Americans deserve better than a politically-motivated revenge bill that's cruel and harmful for millions upon millions of American citizens.
Vote No Graham caddidy
Please vote no to graham cassidy. It is an affront to all americans
Dear Senator please stand by your convictions in vote no on Graham Cassidy. A vote without a CBO score is simply wrong. Thank you!
STAY STRONG SENATOR!!!!!!
My husband died, at 61, of cancer while congress debated ACA. For all of us widows, please vote NO, again.
I'm sorry for your loss. I hope we can count on @SenatorCollins to help protect other families.
Thank you. I wouldn't want any one to needlessly go through what my family and I have.
Affordable housing means nothing without healthcare. I hope you stand strong in on the ACA and be a leader to work with Dems on any change.
Save Medicaid!!
Now please Vote NO to the Graham Cassidy bill. Obamacare needs to be amended not abolished. Make it more affordable and lets lower RX costs
good job Senator.  Keep up the good work.  Now do right by the tax reform bills
ACA..unsustainable . Ben Franklin Those ordaining of laws in favor of one part of nation, to the prejudice & oppression of another, is ruin
Please look out for our nation we need you, please don't vote yes
Please vote "No" for Graham-Cassidy.This is too important to all the people.Must be bipartisan and make sense!Stand strong and w integrity!
U dont want to be remembered as the senator who ripped health care for millions, many from maine. Stand by ur morals, not those denying care
Sen Collins, word is out that u plan 2 reject the inhumane Graham-Cassidy. U r an America hero, thank u from bottom of our s God bless u!
Lets vote yes on the HC bill, We don't deserve Obamacare anymore, remember you ran and got elected on the REPEAL, it's better than Obamacare
Release everyone's tda accounts and trust funds fraudulently held by the federal reserve and affordable housing will no longer be needed
No scenario where you should vote for this healthcare bill.  Thanks for your courage and commitment to bipartisan solutions that benefit USA
Good job! Btw, just want offer continued support in your principled stand against bad healthcare proposals...
please vote NO on Graham Cassidy. And thanks for your courage so far.
Do the right thing on Graham Cassidy for the sake of our country     Millions are counting on your strength and integrity.
Senator Collins, please vote no on the healthcare bill.  It's terrible, lots of people will lose Insurance.
Please stand up again. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Please vote NO for the many vulnerable people that this bill will hurt
Please join @SenJohnMcCain to have a BIPARTISAN way politics to resolve the healthcare problem!
Yeah go ahead let obama care implode, then you can pay more for a piece of crap !
