The people want a resignation. The GOP is protecting a criminal.
if allowed to remain AG, this sets dangerous precedent. Please protect the sanctity of the office- ask for his resignation.
He should resign.
Do you feel that Congress should appoint a special prosecutor to investigate administration to any possible ties to Russia?
you must push for his resignation.
"It is crucial to our system of justice that we demand the truth."Sessions when impeach BillC. Congress needs to act. Please
Doesn't go far enough Ms. Collins - resignation, maybe Jail: perjury, treason ..
I agree but what about during the transition???
looks like your transition went well
better decision would be resignation
Please call for an independent investigator. I don't trust his office to investigate the Russian mess.
Now you will push for an #IndependentInvestigation Yes? Mainers are counting on your integrity and leadership.
. / there are still Maine citizens who look past the leftist lies and innuendos, trying to stop Trump
well, if they are "leftist lies" then an independent investigation will clear that up, yes? So, what's the harm?
/ are you amenable to investigation of IRS activity,, with Hillary and Obama letting men die in Benghazi,etc
No apology needed as POTUS has been wiretapped since 2004. So were you in 2014.
He should resign.
It's not nearly enough.
I don't see a reason for him to resign - rediculous ploy to undermine the new Trump administration.
Condone lying, Cheryl? Condone Russian meddling with our democracy?
at the very least recusal!
I hope Maine sees through you. YOU ARE OWNED BY TEACHERS UNION AND MORE. DEM THAN GOP. YOU SHOULD HAVE STOOD BY JEFF
Loretta Lynch is laughing her butt off at your foolishness.
He is a traitor madame and must resign immediately!  Repubs in the House and Senate are not doing their job!  Trump is a traitor!
but he needs to recuse himself fully from the transition period as well.
How do you feel about #SessionsRussia? Do you condone lying under oath by the chief law enforcement officer of the US?
Ihave been looking at moving to Maine. However I WOULDNEVER VOTE FOR YOU AN ANTI TRUMPER AND FRD OF DEMS. YOU SHD HV BD JS!
- Stop dodging town halls.
resignation would it be better
Baby steps in the right direction. Forward movement.
thank you for your willingness to express concerns about the #AHCA We're counting on you to hold firm in opposition!
Not enough. He lied under oath.
Sorry, Senator Collins. He needs to resign, and a Special Prosecutor needs to be assigned.
Should resign! Not enough to recuse.
@POTUS Why didn't you call for Loretta Lynch to recuse herself when she just happened to meet up with Bill Clinton in AZ?
He should recuse from all Russia related Investigations.
- Better Decision Would Be For You To Give Up Your Senate Seat And Spare Us The Embarrassment You Regularly Bring To Maine!
Think @USAGSessions should be asked (more forcefully) to resign.
I don't understand how this is enough? I hope you stand strong Senator and fully investigate.
Sessions isnt resigning and all the moonbats on your feed are paid trolls
He committed perjury, and you should demand his resignation.
perhaps ur really a Democrat & as such, an agent of the Communist Chinese & the Saudis. We support @jeffsessions
#Sessions needs to #recuse re #Flynn as well ma'am. Encourage this.
keep working on that Coup Senator. I'm sure, when you throw enough poop, something will stick... and the Republic dies. Thnx
He needs to go; You need to NOT compliment him for a "good decision".  Why do you support him?  He perjured himself.
You cannot help yourself. Your just another Rino. Republican in name only. SHOULD HAVE STOOD WITH JEFF! DID DEMS ABDN HILL?
Yes, considering he perjured himself already I'd say he's not fit to lead an investigation.Or the DOJ for that matter #shame
Now it's time to resign!
/ Does the Senator know facts ?
resignation would be the best decision.
Your bestie needs to resign
can we now deal with all the lying.
not enough to recuse himself. He should resign.
push for resignation. He lied to congress.
took him long enough. Thanks for standing up for what is right
Traitor!!!!!!!!!!
vote with your party or  resign to be a democrat.
really? You think this is enough? Come on!
and the other improper contacts by other cabinet officials. Independent inquiry? Please?
Ask for his resignation. Get a backbone stop playing both ends.
please consider asking our new AG to resign. He can't be trusted.
@watchyourSen now you should be pushing for him to resign, he clearly perjured himself, is not fit to be AG
we the people still have not seen @POTUS taxes. What is he hiding? Help us put our minds to rest.
I hope that there is more to come. His resignation, sure. But please take the lead and demand full investigations on this!
Remember when you introduced Sessions confirmation? Remember your vote for him? How can we trust your judgment?
I agree Sen The Senate needs to decide if his omission  is perjury Many think it is Regardless it will taint his tenure.
An investigation about "Campaign." And he sure as hell did not lie under oath. The question was about the "campaign." NOT "any" meeting.
You're barking up the wrong damn tree, Ma'am. Seriously!
Erosion of trust is spreading like a plague from White House throughout America. No truth, no trust. GOP destroying USA.
He needs to resign. Lock him up
Recusal is not enough. He needs to resign. He lied under oath.
We need a special prosecutor.
force him out, if this were a Democrat you would have their head
You're ok with Obama (admin) colluding in the 2016 election?  Got if @SenatorCollins
And her brother @SenAngusKing @StarliteGrunt @SenatorCollins
#ImpeachSessions
Sessions must resign. Maine wants a truthful ag. #SessionsLied
What a brave and noble thing to do...too bad about the whole perjury thing, eh?
he must resign for lying to Congress. That is what you should be asking for.
thank you for your integrity in asking this of him!!
Sessions lied under oath. That doesn't speak well of the countrie's chief law enforcement. He must resign. #SessionsLied
What else could he do? But perjury is a serious crime. Looks to me like that's what may be happening here, eh?
From what I know of her, Margaret Chase would put country before friendship and party.  He must resign.
Maine voters are watching closely. My advice is to carefully consider the power of 'we the people' and make good decisions.
.@SenatorCollins Sessions lied to Congress under oath. He's the chief law enforcement officer of our country. He needs to be fired.
call for Sessions' resignation.  We tried to impeach Clinton for perjury.  Why a different standard now?
He also needs to resign.
He lied about contact with Russia. @SenateGOP need to get "serious" on nominees during hearings. #NOtoBANNON #SESSIONS2leave
you're another snake!
.@SenatorCollins PLEASE, please push for a special prosecutor, Senator.
I recommend more than recusal for perjury in that context with this issue in his role.
sessions committed perjury. He should resign. Have a townhall and we can talk about it.
how about Sally Yates as special prosecutor?
we concur, senator. If your staff members were acting like that, would you expect to stay in office? When will you impeach?
He lied, no doubt Trump knew. Sessions needs to go!
If Trump takes you to dinner; provides taxpayer $ to your state, would you behave differently?  @SenatorCollins
SMH. TRAITOR. WE THE PEOPLE HAVE LONG MEMORIES. WE WILL NEVER FORGET YOUR BETRAYAL. ALL THINGS END. REMEMBER THAT.
what about Russian contacts since the campaign?  Recusal is too narrow.  Resignation should follow lies to Congress.
Did you even LISTEN to the WHOLE question by Franken?  Why would you come after AG before you even hear the T R U T H ?
he needs to resign for lying under oath.
Why aren't you calling for this perjurer to resign? Isn't he supposed to obey the same laws he was hired to be uphold?
actually he needs to resign. Why aren't you asking for this?
please push for full investigation. We deserve to know #bothell #Sessions
He must resign. He is charged with upholding truth for Country. Cracked under pressure and caused him to lie, unqualified.
call for his resignation. He Lied under oath. Not acceptable that our AG breaks the law. Resign now
constituent here. Not enough. Independent investigation.
He needs to RESIGN as AG
wrong wrong wrong. He lied under oath. The head of JUSTICE lied under oath. Recusal isn't enough.
better if he resigns. Now. I don't trust him or DOJ on his watch.
He lied. We need your voice against this.
you should be calling on him to resign
Yes but by lying under oath he has disqualified himself as AG. You need to demand that he resign, even if he is your friend.
He lied under oath.  Lock him up!
recuse himself completely and resign. Jim Crow
Thank you for calling for his recusal earlier. He must still resign. He committed perjury. Under oath for job of US AG!
But does this mean recusal from all Russia-WH connections outside of the campaign?
Sessions needs to resign. He lied.
He needs to resign!
now, he needs to resign entirely. Can't have ol White Bread Sessions having any influence on doj investigation
Not good enough Senator! We want him GONE. Sally Yates upheld her oath and was fired. Sessions LIED UNDER OATH and stays.
sessions needs to resign.  If I lied under oath I would be prosecuted and he is not above the law.
he committed perjury. He needs to resign. Please push for an independent investigation. This needs to be done NOW.
better decision would be to resign and let FBI investigate
Not good enough. He lied under oath....game over.
"He’s a decent individual with a strong commitment to the rule of law. He’s a leader of integrity." Egg on your face
Because the Democrats wanted it! Right Collins!
He lied under oath. He must resign.
a full independent investigation of Sessions, Flynn, and Trump -Russia ties must come next
Can't believe you are not calling for his resignation, you will be out of a job next election.
hoping that you'll be pushing hard for more answers. We need a special prosecutor!
it's a start. But he must resign. Lying under oath to congress is illegal. He also omitted many years of records.
Angel interesting decision for him to meet with Russias top spy recruiter and lie about it. Wanna look into that?
Sessions must resign due to perjury
he is lawyer, once prosecutor, almost judge, US senator, now AG who lied under oath to questions for the job..must resign
Not good enough. #Sessions perjured himself. Let's not forget, Clinton was impeached for an non political problem.
He needs to RESIGN.  Please do the right thing and support this
resignation is not enough. Sessions should stand trial for perjury.
All my relatives in ME are telling me they are furious that you aren't demanding his resignation.
yes but he also needs to resign. A US attorney general that lied under oath? We can't have that
Collins needs to Resign with @clairecmc @claireand Many Many More from both sides! #TermLimitsNow
he doesn't get credit for accepting a consequence of his lies, he's not 5 years old. Ignorant
he must resign.
