You were in the presence of a true hero fighting for truth & justice & I don't mean Sir Rod.  Thanks Senator! #NoOnMTP #SaveOurCare
from
WOW u are a Rino @SenatorCollins
Thank you Susan!
Collins is a Demorat through and through. She doesn't fool anybody with the shaky grandma routine.
What a super picture,  luv you Susan!!
GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN....HUH?
Nobody cares about your selfie's...do your damn job! Vote against GOP and you might as well switch parties to the anti-constitution party.
You look great, Cindy!
http://Nice.you  block the Entire SENATE from proceeding with debate.Very selfish ma'am . How do u expect a better bill w/ no debate?
Can't wait to see you Tuesday at jones besch
Cyndi was the Best!
Having fun while other suffer? Right of course you don't help our president
My husband has agreed. Rod is My sanctioned affair. Love Rod. Love Senator Collin's courage in the midst of the @GOP
I guess Lauper is more important than putting together a health care plan that will pass?

Cyndi, Rod sbut up and sing, Collins, you're a wasted seat in the Republican Senate. Plz do run for gov so u only fk up 1 state, urs
Perfect GOP for left: cowardice traitors & backstabbers to their ppl & voters, practicing taghiyyah
Rod Stewart, he is ancient now, but still cranking it out. new wives, bring rejuvenation. Great eve for all.
So this is what Collins does when not in Congress voting NO! As you can see, all the hope I have ever had in her is dwindling!
Maine is such an awesome state! Hope you had fun!
One of my favorite moments as of late, my favorite singer with my favorite politician!
Had to be a fun filled night!!!
Wow! @cyndilauper looks AMAZING!
YOU ARE TOOOOO COOL  
SUSAN COLLINS 
Senators Making America Great Again #SaidNoOneEver
lame smile
Glad to see you are enjoying yourself while holding our healthcare hostage.  So disappointed in you, you don't work for PP
Do you guys age or what? Lol! What a GREAT pic!!! 

SINGLE NATIONAL  RISK POOL AND SINGLE NATIONAL COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH PLAN ARE FEATURES OF SINGLE PAYER
Cyndi and Rod are two of my top favorites ever!
Omg celebrities in Bangor! Nothing good ever or big time celebs ever happen in southern Maine where I am!
You all look like #Clowns Old Ones at that! @billclinton would love it but he is getting #UnMasked along with a bunch of others!
Loved you and Rod in concert last night! Check that off my bucket list!
Very proud of our moderate Senator from the state of Maine. I consider her more of an independent like our @sen
@SenatorCollins , too .
That's awsome! Now see your way fit to compromise on healthcare with the rest of your colleagues and get the ACHA done for the American ppl.
Cindy lopper was a nut job in the 80s now she's medicated
SIR ROD? SOME GUYS HAVE ALL THE LUCK! ROD SON! SOCCER BALL CONCERT.
You both look GREAT ! !
Awesome
Had some nice customers from Houston on their way up to Bangor just to see the Rod!
RINO and Anti American
Rod look like a teenager!!!! He is a Sir as you wrote but look like a young rocker!! And u are soooo Beautiful as woman n artist!!!!
Looks like Health Care is getting worked on!
Did you tell her to vote no on Trumpcare?
Love!
FABulous 
Lennon quipped he ruined Paul's life by involving him in the band. "He could have been somebody!" Well, if you're musical you ARE somebody!
I would love to know how you stopped the aging process Cyndi
Lovely And, love from Turkiye.
OMG!  You are STILL beautiful as always!  Love the look!
Come to @thegarden
Ice
Icon
Great pic! Hope you're having a blast on tour with Sir Rod! Saw a video of your duet of ''This Old Heart of Mine'', it's awesome!
Great faces.
That's Nature's perpetual question. The Rod Stewart song, "Do You Think I'm Sexy?". Affirmative, always. Knighted awhile ago. Nice, Cyndi.
Icons of Pop, Rock, Standards, Blues, etc...
Such fun seeing the duet.
@iraca   dressed for the show
YOU LOOK SO CUTE
Love! 
LEGEND
Acompanhando aqui no Brasil
Yes he is.. fun picture 
