Ya, why the hell do you call yourself a Republican? We're not interested in chats you have with your pal Bill Clinton's chief strategist

You spoke to a Clinton stooge, who is not a journalist, he is a shill for liberals. You must come out of the ether and work for the party!!!
He she goes again...another 15 mins. of fame.
Senator, why are you such a fan of p. parenthood. You say government funds don't go to Abortion, but Abortion is their complete focus. Shame
Did you realize, Sen. Collins that P.P. operates on a 1 billion dollar budget each year, and they kill almost 900 children every day? Shame!



If you are talking to this Democrat operative for the Clinton Crime Family then that says it all. YOU don't give a damn about the truth.
PP does nothing that she, other than kill babies. If anyone has insurance all of that is covered. Taxpayers shouldn't pay for the killings.
Senator Collins is courageous in her support of people vs political party. Thank you Senator.
Thank you for your thoughtful consideration and your NO vote to this cruel heartless bill

You CANT please everyone. Dissing OUR PRESIDENT won't get you anything! What's wrong with you? We voted for a NON POLITICIAN on purpose!

Are you Republican or RINO?
Quit talking/obstructing and at least vote to repeal.  Get to work.
RINO  Don't blame the president and  his lack of experience its  the  dems and repubs not working together and the same for the Senate
Thank you, Senator Collins, for your principled stand against this heartbreaking and deadly health care plan.
You are a RINO - the poster child - you should you are a liberal thinker and frequent more shows like this.
How come you do all democratic news stations why won't you do conservative or Republican Outlets? Is it because you are really a Democrat?
Being a never trumper you must be defeated! Where is your plan? Had 7 years to come up with one! Pathetic job!
You should resign. Majority of us stand by our President. You need to go.
You will not have to worry about it much longer if keep pushing planned Parenthood. You will be drained with the rest of the swamp.

George is so much partisanship; he drips with it. Kick his butt. Tell him to grow up! Be an American. Have some pride. Focus on basics.
Thank you, Senator!
Speaking to the enemy? He is anathema
Thank you for your decision. Would you talk to Lindsey Graham? We have a lot of people here in SC who depend on medicaid, mostly children.
ThankYou 4TellingTruth aboutHC&Believing we can doBetter4People/SoMany AreTerrified
Cant tell you how much I appreciate your Honest, Compassionate Assessment of HC Bill♡
#nevertrustgopagain
Why don't we look and see what is working so well in the rest of the world, as Mr. Dowd suggested on the same program?
Why are you talking to #VeryFakeNews just call chuckles the clown @SenSchumer 
Your face time in the "limelight" is looking more like self promoting. You are forgetting the little man Sen. "Term Limits"!
Thanks for your compassionate stand.
You must vote NO,Senator. Common sense dictates no other choice.  I mean, you may be GOP but you're from Maine. You know better, don't you?
Thank you!!
C'mon Senator Collins. I don't know much about you but in the name of all that is holy would you vote NO on the healthcare bill? #ME #NJ #NO
You've been given opportunity to save tens of thousands of Americans lives. Far more than died in 9/11 will die of Trumpcare. HELP!
The #AHCA scores horribly. I am a self emp Mainer with 3 kids and a wife with cancer. Do not kill her. Vote no to this horrible bill

Reminder: Collins last week: "I cannot support a bill that is going to result in tens of millions of people losing their health insurance." 
22 million!  My god- astonishing, unthinkable

The AMA opposes the #Senate's #HealthcareBill, with physicians' vow to #FirstDoNoHarm at the crux of our opposition. http://spr.ly/60108oyAo  
So you were waiting for CBO score. Now you know. Vote NO!!
Please vote no on this cruel health bill. Not everyone is rich. I'm afraid for those who can't afford care let alone good care.
If you are seriously on the fence about this garbage bill, then you should be voted out of office

The CBO score only covered ten years.  The worsts cuts will be after that.
The CBO used to track these numbers for 50 yrs. But in Jan, the GOP changed the rules to reduce it to just 10 yrs.
https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/879460638006935556 …
My mother in law is 102 in a nursing home. Used up $500,000 on care. Will Trump & McConnel throw her on the street? What can we do? I
You must vote no. This is *not* a difficult decision.
Health Ins BENEFITS the American ppl...isn't that what good governance is ?...Has the @HouseGOP totally forgotten what their job is ?
Senator you said you'd wait for the CBO score to make up your mind on BRCA. CBO says 22 million will lose their insurance. It's an easy call
The CBO report is now out, which you said you were waiting for. Based on those numbers you should vote, a resounding, NO!

Please vote NO on this truly awful bill that will result in millions losing insurance!  Vets, seniors, everyone will suffer!
You should be ashamed of yourself for misleading Republicans about healthcare bill
Remember, some of us do not live in Maine, but YOUR vote is a vote for ALL Americans.   This bill is tax cut for rich, it is NOT HC!
Looking to you to stand firm and NOT vote for this horrendous, cruel bill that throws the elderly, disabled, and poor under the bus. PLEASE!
U will fuck us !
The bill is abhorrent. Vote no!
and you said you would wait for cbo score ... well???? Surely you are a NO.
Congressional Budget Office says AHCA will leave 22 million more uninsured:
2018 - 15 MILLION
2020 - 19 MILLION 
2026 - 22 MILLION
Vote NO
340,000 veterans receive coverage through Obamacare (ACA) Medicaid expansion. Please Vote NO to TrumpCare.
I don't give a shit about your Medicaid Mooches in your state, I don't owe them a thing. Get rid of Obamacare or get out of my party.
22 million, Senator. Do the right thing for once.
for those complaining that they couldnt use Obamacare bc of deductible costs. How is paying for plan with no coverage "better care"?
Please vote NO to TrumpCare , it does not cover anything
Having pre-existing conditions, I fear losing coverage.  Devastating effects on disabled & special needs. #VoteNoAHCA
PLEASE, for the love of God, do not do hurt so many American people! Please vote NO on this monstrosity of a healthcare bill. NO #trumpcare
We need insurance. Our state stinks in what it offers us. Please don't let us down. Vote yes on the Healthcare bill.  Can't go on CBO number
CBO is in. 49 million will be uninsured by 2026 versus 28 million under current law.
Your response senator? I heard you wouldn't support a bill that left millions uninsured. So will you publicly say no to the bill now?
It's okay, 'he' can't fire you, but your uninsured constituents sure can. Just food for thought. @SenatorCollins #CBOSCORE #ACHA
Please stand firm against this atrocious bill. It would be a disaster for the poor and middle-class, women, elderly. Lives>money.
Despite what Trump says, Obamacare is working and the problems with it can be fixed.
Save my care! I love my ACA!
#RESIST Repubs are Pro Life until birth and then not care about the baby.  No essential health care! People will die. No Trumpcare 4U!
Stand up to McConnell and vote no. You weren't even allowed to participate in the bill's design. And it hurts women.
This is a no brainer. Vote no because our rural population as well as our aging population makes  Maine especially vulnerable to these cuts.
Please vote NO on AHCA.  Stand up for all Americans.
Please, save our healthcare. Do not approve Trumpcare.
Please think about what this bill would do to millions of Americans and vote No
THANK YOU for taking your time with this Senator Collins. I don't think this is a good bill. I think so many people will lose coverage.
My only healthcare as a working-poor woman is at PP.  Please stay strong.  People over party. Vote no!
#AmericaSpeaksOut
Please vote NO on Senate healthcare bill!
what is the rush on the bill?  How is it going to effect women?  What is the "score"....bunch of question unlikely to get quickly answered
Mainer here. Please vote NO Senator. This bill only benefits the wealthy. Please openly vote for the benefit of Mainers, not the GOP.
Vote "NO" on Wealthcare.  This should be a clear party or people vote.  Please do not let us down.

The American Medical Association, the group representing doctors and med students, came out against the Senate bill. https://www.axios.com/largest-doctor-group-opposes-senate-health-bill-2448599849.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=textshort&utm_term=healthcare …
40% of children in U.S. are on Medicaid. Don't cut their care and funding.
Vote NO! on health bill.
Susan Collins stands strong and with a centrist message that can bring us all together - has my support!  + we both support Joe Lieberman !
Senator, we are counting on you to do the right thing.  Vote "no" to this horrible bill, and fix the ACA.
Thanks for asking 2 see the CBO analysis & especially retaining health care services for women (Planned Parenthood), Medicade & older
folks!
I am not sure what you think CBO will show that would allow you to vote for this bill. Is 10M losing HC where you draw the line? 15M? 20M?
Not enough to fold arms & obstruct.  Cancel recess until congress learns how to compromise & negotiate.  Enough game playing for the media.
abc-that explains why you are against the pres. you will lose re election if you continue 2go along with the dems-go on nbc next you traiter
10-30 % may agree but the other 70-90% don't , so vote yes.
If you oppose this sickening bill why would you even stay with the heartless predjudice Republicans, unless u only care about the rich!
In addition to being heartless, the health care plan will damage our economy as people struggle to pay premiums and medical bills.
Senator Collins, AHCA will be disastrous to healthcare facilities, limiting access, & remove protections 4 most vulnerable. Please vote 'No'
For years you've fought to support good healthcare and taking care of the elderly. Please don't vote for this and hurt vulnerable Mainers.
how could a woman in a position like yours, and claims to care about people, even think of voting for this bill? where is yr head AND heart?
Senator Collins, my family does okay financially but I would never say I need a tax break and take away healthcare for others. Vote no.

In Portland, ME a 60-year old with middle income will pay $9,290 more ( 208%). Premiums will be 31% of income.
http://www.kff.org/interactive/premiums-and-tax-credits-under-the-affordable-care-act-vs-the-senate-better-care-reconciliation-act-interactive-maps/ … 
Who do you represent Sen. Collins, the people or the party?
Sen. Collins: I appreciate your comments on AHCA; and glad you noted some glaring problems with the legislation. Thank you!
Please do the right thing and vote no. This bill is horrendous for the citizens of Maine and for millions across the U.S.
you come across as useless & clueless giving up your power to the big boys, please stop talking, stay off tv, you r bad reflection on women
Thank you for supporting Planned Parenthood, who provides a variety of important health care services for women across the country.
Please protect my daughter and wife's access to basic services.
What about the elderly ,What if you have no kids to fall back on for care or they wont care for you or cant Will  you on the curb to die?
We are Independents: We respect Republicans and point of view but not Career Criminals - get Trump out of People's House!
You need to vote NO! #TrumpCare --Americans are looking to you for leadership. Please step up!!
Vote no.
Trump has called this bill "mean" twice
Enough with all this uncertainty! OCare has failed!! Was never viable! We need a better plan and this HCare Bill is a good start!
We have placed the Repubs in control of all houses! Now it is time for you to work together and get this HCare Bill passed!
As a Repub senator you need to work with your team and get this HCare Bill passed! OCare has failed the people! We can't afford not to pass!
Plan Parenthood gave 730K to Georgia campaign, proves Plan Parenthood doesn't need government money or help! You're shameful! It's madness!
please vote "NO" On this. This takes away healthcare from a huge amount of fellow Americans. It is a poor bill. #NoCutsToMedicaid
The Govt Healthcare stinks. @POTUS needs to write an EO and stop making congress and their staff exempt. U designed U should be on it period
Get off your duff and vote for what the Republicans ran on. Getting rid of Obamacare. You can vote for changes in it later.
PP doesn't need Gov money if they can afford to spend $750,000 on a Dem election and how much on their building foyer?
“The righteous care about justice for the poor, but the wicked have no such concern.”
Proverbs 29:7
Hi Bridget. Your tax $ did not go to the Ossoff campaign. That non tax-deductible $ was donated by people like me to the @PPact to help...
People before party 
Vote yes if you can make that cash like @billcassidy. "Even moderates support the bill" is MONEY. Take it on your way out. Be smart.
Please have a , @SenatorCollins & vote NO on the #ReverseRobinHood bill, I mean #Trumpcare!! 
You know better! Don't let us down! Thank u!
For the sake of millions of vulnerable people on ACA, vote NO!! you will not be able to sleep if you know u kicked people off insurance!
You have a net worth of $3.26 million. You want tax cut bill called healthcare.  VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE FOR CONSTITUANTS
Time to get behind our President!  Stop play politics Susan
thank you for trying to behave as a Republican with integrity...so sorely lacking.  And please vote "no" on this horrific healthcare bill.
Time NOW for you @senrobportman et. al. to RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE w/ @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump on #MEANER #TrumpCare REPAIR Healthcare!
U speak of Medicaid CUTS!! Have U not read the bill? There R no Medicaid cuts. Medicaid is INCREASED, only the rate of increase is reduced!!
Senator, pleading that you don't vote for this disastrous bill.
Please vote no on this bill that will be so harmful. America is counting on you to do the right thing. Thank you for standing up for us.
Please do not vote for this horrible law! Cutting healthcare, and giving breaks to the rich is wrong!
Please vote against horrible health care bill.
Millions of children depend on Medicaid for health care. Don't take it away from them.
Please vote NO. This bill is bad for Mainers and bad for Americans. Proud citizen of Maine.
I saw your interview you are the only Republican that understands, I work with this population of the most vulnerable population!

Please vote no on healthcare and save my fellow nurses and our patients thousands of hospitals will close and we will lose jobs
Never forget the power of one. That's where it starts.
I'm so grateful for what you said. Without the ACA I couldn't afford insurance. The AHCA would be devastating for my family. @SenatorCollins
My Mother now 83 is dependent on Medicaid, if Trumpcare passes she's as good as dead!Please do the right thing! Fix Obamacare kill Trumpcare
Please do the right thing for seniors and vote against this bill! My Dad died almost two years ago and Medicare was his only insurance!0
I am sorry but if this bill passes you can be assured 2018/20 will be devastating to republicans.
It is incredible rich elected officials are going to make the poor struggle even more. I pay 9k now, at 45k would do without. Vote NO!
VOTE NO!!!?  There is no way most 55 to 65yo people can pay 5x premium. If this passes so many will have to do without!
