Looks like Maine's liberal @SenatorCollins may be fired for her "no" vote on #RepealObamacare.. #MEpolitics
Collins is the most popular elected official in Maine. She'd easily win reelection if she ran as an independent like Sen. King.
then she should because she disgusts us Republicans and is a Democrat anyway.
Reminiscent when tea party targeted Sen. Snowe. She resigned and the GOP lost a Senate seat.
GOP doesn't have Collins seat, the democrats do.
Pledges and speeches to repeal Obamacare yet voted to keep it.  Out with u
YOUR NOT DOING YOUR JOB, PEOPLE WANT YOU OUT
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155441960502906&id=33618597905 …
@realDonaldTrump make sure you pick someone who is not a liar and thief! @SenateMajLdr you are another fraud, I hope you all use Obamacare!
Exactly What is wrong with our governmental laws & politicians that someone who is obviously mentally unstable is allowed to stay in office?
Agree, get those hateful toxic seditious democrats out.  They are impaired!!
try passing Obamacare you traitor
why did obamacare cut 3 billion from vets and gave 5 billion to Syrian refugees.The voters in this country do not forget.We have a no vote
Y was Brian Hawkins reinstated to VA after he was removed by the Accountability Act?  Y does Pres Trump have 2 clean house twice?  Protected
How about passing legislation where incompetent and unethical VA employees can be fired instead of your usual all show no go act.
Very big of u but many Vets families are strapped & devastated by premiums and unaffordable obamacrapcare thanks to you!
Sorry Susan...
I am surprised your pleased!
Now that's not true and you know it Collins, you hate veterans that love the USA, it is only transgenders and veterans for peace you like.
YOU ARE USELESS TO AMERICANS, WE WANTED REPEAL AND REPLACE OF
OBAMACARE AND YOU VOTED AGAINST IT, TIME FOR YOU TO GO.
What do you care about Vets you RINO...Pack your bags..Your done!  Go get a job at Planned Parenthood.
Catching up on your votes? Congress hasn't been in session for at least a week and you for about a year. @SenateGOP
Pleased to see you lose your seat.  Helps Americans across the country.
Thanks this is nice and all but Nuclear War.
You do not represent the true republicans. Senator McCain, Collins and Murkowsi are all democrats with an R logo. Don't be fooled...
I'm not fooledShe plays to the dems in Maine bc she thinks that's where her winning votes will come from Between them +the R who still trust
#DefundPP
glad YOUR pleased long as your happy. Guess AARP is ok with too? Buying you out? Or is that planned baby killer parenthood?
...umm, kind of worried about a nuclear war.  Any comment on fire and fury?  Impeach this crazy nut now!
Keep him focused on the COCA-COLA button while the House drafts the articles of impeachment!  #ImpeachTrump
Very happy about the improvements at the VA put forth by President Trump. Can't wait to have you primaried right out of office.
Hey Susie stick to the issues we want Healthcare ever since boy Obamacare came in the act it cost me money
I'm glad you're continuing to work for Mainers who need help.  Help us all by starting the impeachment of Trump.  He's mentally unfit.
For what? You're the one who's mentally unfit!
No republican will ever vote for you again! Time for you to support our @POTUS
 she thinks all the thankful Dem voters will vote for her. They'll vote Dem, they aren't fools. They're just  the Rep party has a fool

What are doing to fix healthcare
Don't give everyone single payer VA coverage. Give vets voucher to see ANY doc!
You are a traitor to Republicans. Switch 2 the Democrat party and stop LYING 2 us. Insurance co BAILOUTS are BAILOUTS, u deceitful DOLT.
The most important thing congress could possibly do is start impeachment proceedings.
Too bad you don't want to help with healthcare which would help all Americans.
You suck
How about repealing Obamacare!!
To bad you won't help folks like us who can't use our health insurance because of huge deductibles and premiums. RINO
She didn't help anyone, not even the Dems thanking her. ACA is imploding fast.No winners. She committed career suicide.less in the swamp.
Don't try to take the focus off of you not passing HC Bill. You are a DemocRAT. REPEAL AND REPLACE-Repubs ran on this now we REPLACE YOU
She's worse than a Dem bc RINOs count as a Rep vote so when they vote against the party they make the party look like a failure. Vote Dem
What about healthcare?
Well then, I'm guessing it help vets all across Virginia too, so that's great! @timkaine @MarkWarner  LOVE MY SENATORS

Without ACA many families could not afford coverage
Only thing I want to see congress do is...
Employment and high wages lows the inflation and helps the economy, especially our veterans workforce.
That's great news now what are you going to do about the people on failing ACA
As long as PP can kill more babies I you're good with it
You're a fraud.
That don't help me pay for my medication, or my nearly 5yr old comp appeal, liar.
Sen Collins, enjoy what time you have left before you're voted out for being a #RINO
Please help send me a check so I can cover my health-care payments which keep going up
Use your own baby killing money and stop asking tax-payers to pay for you.
Resign or officially switch parties.
She might be working for the Dem party. It works for them to have her as a RINO. She'll never change parties, Pelosi won't let her
The super CBOC in Portland is desperately needed. Thank you. @SecShulkin
Thank you for your leadership and advocacy! #mepolitics #usa #veterans
stand firm and show dignity. you are amazing...
Please step down. Allow constituants to vote for a Trump agenda supporter.
How bout health care?
Yeah well too bad you could not help the rest of the people by repealing Obamacare.  Not all vets can use the VA.  They stuck with OC. #RINO
She thinks she satisfied her Dem voters but they'll vote Dem over her. She let everyone down since ACA is imploding anyway, no winners
Lady !  You need to go!
