.@SenatorCollins hailed as least partisan senator for 4th straight year http://www.sunjournal.com/news/maine/0001/11/30/susan-collins-hailed-least-partisan-senator-4th-straight-year/2119160 … via @SteveCollinsSJ #mepolitics 
You are not done yet. So much to do .
Then keep fighting Trumps ridiculous plans to cut taxes for rich people that screw the middle class!
Now is a great test
In other words...the squishiest Senator on the Hill.  Squish...squish...squish...squish.
#treason in White House. Will U #BeAPatriotStandUp2theParty?  #IndependentInvestigation?  #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns  #taxReturns
So that's what you strive for. Wishy washy as my grandmother used to say.
Time to come home and hold a #townhall. We have much to discuss. #mepolitics
Yet you released that turd of a statement about Comey's firing. You're bought and paid for and have no shame. Maine deserves better than you
It's been 20 years since you've had a town hall, time to step up and hear the concerns of all your constituents, not just special interests
You're wrong about that.
no I'm not.  She said it herself on Maine Public Radio in February.  Her first year in office was the last time she had a town hall.
Perhaps I spoke out of context; for me, Town Hall or Tele Town Hall the purpose is the same-being available to listen to one's constituents
But she hasn't been, is my point. I live in southern Maine & she has been no where near me. She needs to do better esp if she wants 2 b gov
The standards are fairly low this year Senator.  You should feel shame for what you have allowed. Party over country.  History won't be kind
TERM LIMITS TERM LIMITS
I would say you are more in line with the liberals and should probably join the Dem party. Mindboggling how you vote on issues.
Thank you for voting with your conscience and not party lines
You are a democrate
Never Collins again
Congratulations on this recognition!! You are greatly admired! Thank you for your service. The people of Maine have chosen well!
I do wish you had not voted for DeVos , Sessions and a few others!!
Congratulations....but the bar is kinda low. No time to rest on your laurels.  Stand up to Trump. #resist
U know PlanParenthood has/is a tool used against blacks and U know it is ONLY a way to KILL babies/U R not the only GOPwomen U represent us?
It seem that bi-par mean more to U than what Deplor,who put U in office want/We want Sen 2 make/complete Health Care/WE supportPOTUS Do U?
It comes down to healthcare for me. I love my ACA. New plan is incomplete. Lv it to the sts? Look @ Medicaid expansion in ME
Rationality matters even more when we live in irrational times
Means a lot to us too, and to America now, and for our children.
Too bad you left that about you  behind. You have become such a disappointment
...is this why you voted to NOT see Trump's tax returns?
Please let Burr know we The People Demand he recuse or resign!
Truly hope you live up to this Senator. Though I am concerned because GOP not investigating potus fully.
Kay Hagan comes to mind. I ended up saying we may as well have had a GOP/CSA Senator. Keystone endorsement pissed me off.
Yes, it seems like you are not totally blinded like your counterparts.
As a democrat myself, I thank you for being knowledgeable, involved, independent and thoughtful. I wish we had many more like you
Senator, there is two ways to view that 1)your nice to all- that's good 2) you're the least conservative REP that's bad.  Its the latter
You've got a lot of people fooled Susie. You only voted with Trump 89% of the time. Real bipartisan. Not.
Thank you for your service...
Good for you! #workingforthecountry
too bad it's blatantly false. You're only "bipartisan" when it doesn't matter.
It should mean more to you to be principled enough that those things don't mean anything if you really are in the people's corner.
It is essential for u to take a strong stand against trump. He is erratic and opportunistic.
Sorry, but that is not how many see you!
Use your bipartisanship to call for an independent investigation of Russian-Trump collusion.
your're the best member of the whole darn GOP. Maybe you should go Independent, like Jeffers and Sanders.
Those of us who are paying attention are not fooled or impressed.A very low bar.Voted for Sessions and DeVos in committee. #resist #dobetter
Proud of you but you could do so much better.
But you mostly vote w/ Trump..This rep is undeserved
Then PLEASE act faster on the intelligence committee! The evidence is overwhelming - what are you waiting for, Senator?
What a bunch of BS. She might as well be a democrat the way she always sticks it to conservatives
Hope that continues. This new health care plan is scarier than the last. Thank you for your common sense and decency to humanity!!
being wishy-washy isn't a badge of honor or courage. sorry!
Thank you for your bipartisanship
To all those negative folks, u could be stuck with David Perdue. Won't hold a Town Hall to the pt we took out a billboard looking for him.
Collins refused to hold Town Halls too.
Yay! Let's see a whole lot more bipartisan action on climate change! @SenatorHassan & @SenatorShaheen would surely welcome the connection:)
It means a tremendous amount to me too.
Low bar, though.
You are an aspirational example of what we wish all of our elected reps were, but aren't.  @SenJohnMcCain @jeffflake @RepTrentFranks
Yes but you still need to move more center and take 99 others with you.
@sunjournal @SteveCollinsSJ You voted for sessions and let DeVos out of committee. Do better.
We just have to keep this stuff in mind when her seat is up.
So well deserved. Congratulations, from an American democrat that has great respect for you.
Please stay the course and Help Maine OUR Wonderful State!
Please expl the data/info used.  She has voted party and not "x the aisle" she is a reliable GOP vote #mepolitics #shameful #baddata
@sunjournal @SteveCollinsSJ proud of you Senator. I no longer live in Maine, but lead the way
Low bar, unfortunately.
Means nothing, you're still covering for Trump. We see you in Maine. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Keep up the great work Senator, thanks MH
RINO
Really bad democratic Senator to choose for a photo op. One of the most corrupt,  nice work! 
Senator Collins, Please run for Governor and undo the harm that LePage has done.
You voted to confirm Jeff Sessions
