Call some of your friends in the Senate, tell them everyone deserves the quality of healthcare that Senator McCain received.
Get better so you can get back to Washington and give us billionaires a tax cut. Screw the poor elderly and middle class. They can starve
Sen. Collins: Thank you for not supporting the proposed health care biil. What caring rational person would support taking away medicaid.
I wish you would send best wishes to our President and Support our President. REPEAL, REPEAL!!
#collinsvoteno Millions of Americans are depending on you to do the right thing. Thank you Senator Collins
From one RINO to another
Timely reminder of importance of affordable, quality, comprehensive health insurance. All Americans deserve same. Please Vote NO on BCRA.
this is your last term PHONY... FAKER... you campaigned on repeal.  and now you're just wanting to hurt Trump™ well guess what YOU'RE FIRED
Best wishes too. But it must be nice that the Mayo Clinic is in his network and I wonder what his deductible is? Who's providing insurance?
If you only have Medicare the Mayo Clinic will not accept u as a patient, thank good he has blue chip insurance WE ALL PAY FOR #factsmatter
Stop being an obstructionist, trying to hamper everything our beloved President Trump is trying to do to continue making America Great again
APOLO FACE THE MUSIC FOR WHAT THEY DID TO ME TO THIS SITUATION & TO EVERYBODY ELSE. NOT LOOK ACCT RESP OR APOLO & SAVE THEIR OWN SKIN!
WE ARE BEHIND YOU & DETERMINATION FOR TRUTH!!
SusanCollins
You could vote yes for John McCain
Compassionate
So the early travel won't b needed
&Delay won't persist
You can do it!
Please!
and isn't it nice Susan that John does not have to live with the healthcare U & the rest of the pompous elites dictate for America?
We all are concerned about Sen McCain health. Thank God he had a good coverage & hope he can use his moral voice to say NO to trumpcare.
I wish him well,but it's a sign that supporting #Trumpcare & removing millions from healthcare is bad karma
Americans, especially SENIORS deserve the same assurances that they too can have a necessary surgery they need with good health insurance
How relieved @SenJohnMcCain and family must be to know he can "rest comfortably at home" and not worry about lost wages. We're not so lucky!
Shut up! Seeing you on ABC News shows you are not a Republican!   The whole Medicare story is a lie! Your rhetoric is sickening.
@w_brownlee Could you possibly be a Russian troll?
Could you possibly be stupid?
He has good insurance, lucky for him. We cannot afford to lose ours.
Maybe u and John can get together and help Repeal and replace O care.  It is not work for us working stiffs. Stop representing the unions.
Having 50 different state health care plans is nonsense and unworkable. Let's have medicare for everyone & premiums based on income.
JOHN MCCAIN VIETNAMESE OPHAN. NO ANGER AGAINST VIETNAMESE REGIME FOR TORTURE! DATA. DUNNO ABOUT JOHN BUT I WANT JUSTICE & FREE-DOM FOR ME &
We need people like you and @SenJohnMcCain to keep America sane with reasons and logic and not politicking all the time.
Are we thinking about the same John McCain?
Why don't the two of you retire and go to Canada and stop being obstructionists #GoAway
Russian troll!
You caught me
One senile old bag to another.
To bad. Need to drain the swamp.
I also am praying for Senator McCains speedy & full recovery. I further wish to thank you deeply for your opposition to BCRA/AHCA. 
She will be voted out. With Reps like her, who needs enemies? Would rather have a true Dem than a fake Republican
Hey Nancy Joyless, go troll someone else! 
Best regards to you
Thank you for standing w/Americans! How much would @SenJohnMcCain 's illness cost the average American under this new plan Lets see Numbers!
By theway, didn't Trump  make a campaign promise not totouch medicaid? Oh well, just another lie. He is so credible! SAD!
CHARGE EM TRY THEM & JAIL THEM ALL! FROM THE 3KS TO THEIR PARLIAMENT & TO THEIR GOVT! NO BAILOUTS NO COVER UPS!
FOR ALL! NO BAILOUTS OR COVER UPS OR SO CALLED DIGNIFIED EXIT FOR THE 3KS OR THEIR REGIME! THEY WILL HAVE TO LITERALLY BE HELD ACCT RESP &
Best Wishes @SenJohnMcCain
Oh, the irony! On Health Care, We’ll Have What Congress Is Having
http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/on-health-care-well-have-what-congress-is-having … #VoteNoBCRA #ACA
So thoughtful of you!
"...quick recovery from his malingering." Fix that for you.
The ACA is a Republican Health Care Plan. That's why Republicans can't stand that a Democratic African American President got it done!
Senator, As a RN, mom, g'mom, I thank & respect you for your courage in saying no to this garbage "healthcare" bill.  #Respect
Senator Collins, thank you for standing firm on the train wreck that is the senate healthcare bill.
Here's hoping that McCain takes several weeks off! Take your time buddy. Don't rush. :D Take allll the time you need.
You must be one of the morons who calls John the warmonger Friend.  Prefer fiend.
https://twitter.com/CNNSotu/status/886636548455714816 …
.@SenatorCollins tells @jaketapper she will vote 'no" on the Senate health care bill #CNNSOTU http://cnn.it/2uoa90E 
Yes, and hoping the recovered Senator will use his vote to ensure so many fellow Arizonans will not have to give up their health coverage!
@SenatorCollins PLEASE READ THIS THREAD by friend @CultPerfectMoms who is stage IV breast cancer & advocates daily.
1. Hey healthy friends: I love you. I really do. But we need to have a talk, about how you can be a good friend right now.
Get Well Mr McCain.. Im A Democrat.. But I Love Me Some @SenatorCollins .. You Go Girl
You are a hero!  Tears and gratitude. Thank you from bottom of my heart for courage to speak truth and defend democracy and healthcare.
As a Democrat, I appreciate your honesty!  Collaboration on health care to benefit all is the answer.
Best wishes.  Discuss this map with your fellow patients and providers
I want to thank u Senator Collins & hope Sen. McCain can learn compassion from u.
Think how bad it wd be if u had no health care now sir. Perhaps u can understand the terror we r all living under. Heal quickly. Compassion.
Best wishes to Sen McCain also, but I am sure he has health care
Maybe all of congress & senate and their families should be put on ACA then you people would actually do something
Susan if you care so much about the deadbeats loosing health care why don't you take a few into your home?
Looks like ur working really hard while partying w/ Rod & Cindi , yet u criticize the HC bill ur another unworkable RINO.
Sounds like a pre-existing condition.  Hope it's covered.
TO BOTH RINOS

THESE USELESS PAID OFF - BOT AND SOLD - OLD HAGS NEED TO GO !! 
@SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain
Good thing he has Obamacare. Under Trumpcare this might not be covered.
I respect the Senator and hopes he recovers. That said, ALL Americans deserve the same access to high quality health care. Agree? Pls reply.
Prayers for Sen. John McCain. .
I hope they vote you next time
Hold for the people against a damaging healthcare bill. My son and granddaughter in Eliot are relying on you. Thank you Senator Collins.
We hope Senator John McCain an Hero, a speedy recovery. We The People are happy that he has GREAT health insurance paid for by the People!
It's an employment benefit just like I have insurance though my employment
TY for placing American people above your party & not supporting trumpcare @SenJohnMcCain should also oppose because it's right thing to do
Saw you on cnn. You will be governor if you keep standing up for regular people.  Thanks for saying pence lied about Medicaid.  He did!!!!!!
Thank you for stance on the wealthcare bill. Hang tough.
Thx for putting healthy country first.
You pay for my Obamacare premiums Beech!
Get out of my party.
Is he finally getting the golf ball removed from his cheek?
Hope he heals quickly so you both can put this horrible health bill to rest
Good thing he doesn't have OBAMACARE.  Did he go to the VA ? No? Perhaps you should keep that in mind the next couple of weeks.
And you are not a Christian by talking so vulgar! A Christian is someone who does Christian acts--what are yours?
Vote yes to approve the new Healthcare bill- or face no support when you're up for reelection
Very fortunate to have comprehensive healthcare paid by taxpayers Remember the millions who will lose health care if he votes yes for AHCA 
Say what you want bout McCain, we need him to realign the right..
And just to make this clear, whos healthcare is he using?  Will @congressdotgov be using the same crap you are planning for rest of #America
He need to retire he is old and senile
I had more regard for you a month ago.
Unlike the guy with the sore foot.... McCain is a true American hero...viz a viz a draft dodger when called upon by his country...
John wishing u a speedy recovery.Why can't all Americans have access to the same healthcare that you and Susan receive and at the same cost?
This is a Godwink to #voteno
Good thing he has a sweet health care plan (none of us have ) #voteno
Actually I believe all Senators have ACA. It's good isn't it Senator. Have compassion for the rest of us. Vote no.
@SenatorCollins please hold firm on your no vote on ACA repeal, and explain your position to fellow Republicans. 20+Mil Americans need you.
It's a shame you don't get voted out You are mor democrat than republican Hope John McCain does well but not happy with him either
This. 100x this. 1,000x this.
Yes. He is lucky he has great health insurance. Let's hope he thinks about that during his recovery.
Another proof obamacare is worth your while. And ppl's efforts.
You are one disgusting Senator from the Great State of Maine.
Whatever! Just a part of you RINO's Kabuki Theater. McCain needs to resign and you need to get out of the party.
I'm not a republican far from it but best wishes Sen McCain
Isn't it GREAT when you don't have to WORRY ABOUT THE COST?
He's covered by insurance, right? Yet he'd vote to take ours&make us live in http://fear.How  can any of u reconcile that?
Cannot sayenough aboutyou. I have plauded youon Twitter, friends, GOP, Dem.'s! Sogood 2know someone--some one! Has a conscience and a heart.
The fate of millions rest in your hands, US Senate. If we can't have affordable, comprehensive healthcare, why should our representatives?
We had affordable healthcare before Obummercare & big gov meddling, vote out Dems & moderate traitor reps like Collins
Why is it so hard for these guys to understand the desire for good healthcare?
They're finally removing Donald Trump's balls from his mouth? #modernmedicine #ACA #Medicaid #medicare4all
Thanks for your bravery
How lucky @SenJohnMcCain is to be able to afford routine physicals & excellent care by the world renowned Mayo Clinic!
I agree on Obamacare I could get needed treatment because it cost to much had a card only very expensive to have
I need health care. I'm low income. What will be my option?
Both senators should capitalize on the eye-rony of McCain's need for medical treatment and vote no on #trumpkill.
Eye-rony.  That's awesome.

Also lets #StopTheBill.  Vote NO on #TrumpKill.
Maybe while he's recovering you can talk some sense into the old coot, Sen. Collins.
Please vote no. Both of you. Get well Senator.
He was (and i use that in past tense) a Vet.  During and after his repatriation,  nothing but a coward and RINO.
 for Senator McCain. #Repeal
Hope he enjoys his comprehensive healthcare coverage we the people pay for.
I have company insurance that went up to $5k in deductibles once Obummercare came. No gov in healthcare, free market
Wishes ng have m the best. Glad he has good insurance.
I wish for his full recovery but maybe not so quick- I think @SenJohnMcCain should rest till after August recess.
American hero.

P.S. Vote against removing healthcare from millions of Americans, please please please!
Your a kind Colleague to send a get well. But that guy has been terrible to the Taxpayer's and Veterans!
ONE LESS VOTE 4 "TrumpKILL" ??
Nah, the  has delayed the vote until McCain has recuperated.
Wow!  Must be "something" to put the "NEEDS" OF MILLIONS OF PEOPLE "ON HOLD" FOR just ONE PERSON!! Think they'd do that if it were a Dem?
Yes! He received excellent care from Mayo! Soon, he will vote to take Healthcare away from millions.
I need to die b/c I stated facts? He did receive excellent care and he will vote Yes to the Senate HC bill.
