Hope they lied to you like you lied to the American people and you get zero dollars
Damm more money for your state but no money for ppl on health care for the poor when the insurance is falling apart but you got your money
You said a mouthful. Now we know why health care isn't going anywhere, can anyone say special interest.
Politicians get 3x the $ we make,work 147 days a year,saying no,getting nothing done,GET THEM OUT PUT IN WORKING NONPARTISAN BUSINESS ONES
A pitance compared to investments in other states. Burned your Republican colleagues lately?
I sincerely hope you are voted out of office. You are an embarrassment to the party and for conservative independents.
Thank @POTUS for that.
Hi Susan
Thanks again for moving the health debate toward a sensible, bipartisan solution. 

& please fight agnst the House attacks on women's health
Was that in exchange for your Hcare vote? Thx for keeping those mandates so people like me can't  afford insurance anymore, #traitor #RINO
You're gonna make a great Democrat  Governor! How bout a big ol town hall and let your republican constituents tell you how they really feel
My sister is stuck in healthcare on your state for 20 years. Maine is the biggest debtor state next to California. You should be ashamed
I wouldn't have given Maine one cent as long as you're in the Senate. RINO!
Your the best:))))) thank you.
I dont believe you for a moment!  You lie and backstab so your words are the same as #fakenews!  #fakesenator!
How about doing health care? You are an embarrassment
Bringing America down is your legacy.
You and @lisamurkowski are an embarrassment to humanity. You are a liar and obstructionist that will be unemployed very soon.
We love you @SenatorCollins! Please don't mind the bots floating in your page
You mean the bots who are eating beans and rice so they can pay for insurance that they can't  afford to use. You mean those bots?
Looks like the USDOT grant amounts to between $3,000,000 and$4,000,000. for each bridge.
Would be maintence mostly. Jobs probably be minimal
Collins...tells me a lot when u think the Pres is wrong 2 say Mueller show not cross a red line~maybe u & ur finances need 2 b investigated!

Senator collins, you will no longer be a senator in 2 years
Repeal and replace Susan Collins, a Democrat in a republican coat. Time to get a real Republican in who will stand with Republicans
Could you kindly do your job and repeal and replace???
Could have used some for healthcare!  #REPEAL HER #Maine
Your reward from Soros' Deep State?
What a phony baloney you are. Change that R to a D and no one will know the difference. U R not with the Am people, U R against us!
RINO........YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL TO THE PROGRESSIVE MARXIST GLOBALIST DEMOCRATIC PARTY. STAND UP FOR YOUR PRESIDENT WOMAN.
The will of the people.There's always consequences for wrong choices and I hope you go and followthe right path before it's too late for you
To our country such as this witch hunt. For our country's sake he needs to do his job full time as the people had voted him to do. This is
You in the senate and congress have the job to filter what's politically motivated accusations and stop it, if it would cause greater harm
Not saddled with this witch hunt. You're the enabler of this witch hunt. Shame on you, senator.
In the senate and congress to falsely accuse him without evidence. In the constitution you should be aiding ourpresident to serve the people
GO AWAY B
This President just wants to get on with his job undistracted and that's what the American people wants. It's unconstitutional for youpeople
Stop attacking our Potus. Of course he should draw the red line when they go out of line and out f bounds with their investigations.
Nothing you could ever do or say can save you from Trump supporting voter backlash your finished as a Senator.
Good for you after your vote you would get nothing from me
Applaud your work. What about our ghastly misogynistic president? Democrat who applauds your integrity.
I hope usdot does there duty and serves u like u did the people of me and the us. Cowardly vote.
Happy for you and ME. Keep being for the people!
THANK YOU FOR MAKING AN IMPACT..! @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @MaxineWaters @mitchellreports  @democracynow

Thanks Senator Collins.
This dummy made fun of man's looks calling him fat, huge and unattractive.  Its like Whoopi Goldberg calling others ugly.
TRAITOR to the American people,This will not help u at election time,I hope another Republican runs against u and wins
Sending money  to remove u.
Good for you. On ur land I'm sure, relatives. U r a traitor to ur state and country. Sue. 1/2
Like you care about infrastructure! How much of the 7.9 went in your pocket. I suppose the work will go to illegals too
Theft of taxes #corrupt #repealobamacare #repealcollins
Nice
So sweet you get something for nothing and we r still stuck w Ocare #wolvesinsheepsclothing #NeverTrumper #establishment we need to #MAGA
Sure is but wouldn't good healthcare be a good thing too? You know health plans equivalent to what you GOP traitors have? Remember in 2018.
Those bridges must be 10 ft long. $7 mil. Not near enough for 22 bridges. It's a concession not a win.
Thank you Senator!
Obama care destruction continues
Sue, honey.When you gonna admit GOP has left you & join the other side of the aisle's real patriots with whom you agree on goals & values?
Lie much?  GOP didn't leave here. She was never GOP to begin with.
Congratulations
POTUS should have withheld every dollar from you and your state. You're a Democrat living in a Republican body.
How about repairing the roads across the entire state? Waterville is dangerous with so many pot holes!
Great now how about

Repeal and Replace
Keep up the good work, Senator! So proud of you!
Wow! Now we can get to the pharmacy that won't fill our scripts because insurance no longer covers it. Who stopped healthcare bill?
Great! Nice to see SOMETHING on infrastructure for a change! .@SenateDems & .@SenateMajLdr
Ur Welcome Susan, from the charitable U.S. Taxpayer who also footed the bill 4 ur State's mismanaged MEDICARE  PROGRAM!
Great job
Negative statements over a mic u thought was turned off about the president. That's very professional 
 the irony of a Trump supporter lecturing a politician on professionalism. I wish I had that lack of self-awareness, I'd be a lot happier
So because I'm a Trump supporter I lack professionalism? That's a blanket statement?
yeh while ALL of us get screwed by Obamacare....THANKS! (for nothing)
Finally something u suppprt. It'll b nice to get some health care laws out there to take care of that issue. Rather than just saying
How about you vote to REPEAL OBAMACARE.. TRAITER
You can't even spell traitor...
Shut up it was phone auto fill.. #trumptrain
MSM does not care about national security when receiving illegal leaks and reporting on them. The reporter and leaker should go to prison.
This I’d great news! Now to make sure the Maine economy benefits from these funds, instead of outsourcing the jobs!
Please stop tweeting now no one trusts you. You need to find a different job.
Enjoy your last term in office
USELESS RINO SHIT
go away..people hate you..i have to pay for something i cant use so somebody gets theirs for http://spit.vote  YOU out
Then go to Maine and use the bridges, troll.
why would anybody go to maine? really
Bc it's stunningly beautiful. Maybe troll your own members of Congress.
so what..you act like you have a monopoly on god;s beauty..I'll choose somewhere way nicer to spend my $
