Who's surprised this happened? I'm surprised it's not happening more. @POTUS needs to man up, and condemn these terrorist attacks.
Agree with you Tom, those ANTIFA and BLM demonstrators  caused death and injury
Is that how it's being spun by the alternative right? So when liberal groups protest. It's OK to kill the counter protesters?
Twisted thinking
Unless you've been terrorized for years from followers of David Duke and Tom Metzger, you'd never understand.
Oh Thomas, is that you?
Unfortunately, Sessions decided not to track hate groups earlier this year; emboldened them.   Can he be pushed to track them now?

Despite what @realDonaldTrump says, there are not many sides to this. There's good and evil, and he refused to take a stand against evil. https://twitter.com/halliejackson/status/896455151757783040 …
Please think about this the next time you stand up to vote in support of Trump and his hateful administration.
She wont.  She gleefully voted lifetime judge to white supremacist on 6th circuit only three weeks ago.  Shame on Collins & all 52 repubs.
Looks like the Left in Maine is coming to support Sen Collins once again
why didn't you call the groups out by name here?? I want answers!
@realDonaldTrump  Out of control. Incompetent. Ignorant. Unfit for office. National embarrassment. @SenatorCollins do your job.
Just as hateful no matter which side it's from. But thanks for giving both the attention they were looking for. You fool! Blood on ur hands
Fully agrer
Past time for you to call out 45...stand up like you did for healthcare!
You just haven't denied these things strongly enough. Nor have you denounced them enough times. Are you a Nazi?
Thank you. Now please switch to independent or Dem.
I'm waiting for a tweet about your colleague nadal, you must speak out unless you support violence hate & bigotry by dems.

Yet trump joins with the nazis, racists & white supremacists. Trump is & always will be a RACIST. Repubs don't seem to care. #ImpeachTrump
Your right it was caused by hate and racism, hope you are calling out BLM as well because they was involved as well
Actions speak louder than words. #GOPdoSomething
Thank you for speaking up
ONCE AGAIN SUSAN COLLINS IS THE WEAKEST LINK IN THE REP. PARTY SHE ALINES WITH DEMS ON ALMOST EVERY ECOMINC AND SOCIAL ISSUE SAD
Then why are the Democrats continuing to cause all this hate?
You MUST publicly tell that to the President! #TheEmperorHasNoClothes! Put your money where your mouth is and #ImpeachTrumpNow.
Thank You!
Will you push this agenda on those you have pushed into the White House like Sessions. Will you speak out against white supremacy?
do you have anything to say about your "friend" @jeffsessions defending white supremacists?
Put your money where your mouth is and restore the Voting Rights Act 
Something like what @ariberman outlined here: https://www.thenation.com/article/congressional-democrats-launch-a-new-strategy-to-restore-the-voting-rights-act/ …
Please Senator, keep leading and get @SenateMajLdr and @GOP to stop talking and take action against Trump and his regime
And nether do you.
Oh come on Susan. CALL OUT TRUMP BY NAME AS A BIGOT! He's defending white supremacists and neo-nazis.
Madame Senator, I implore you to gather your colleagues and impeach @POTUS for all of America not just your constituents
Yes
We must reject all who hate.
The Rupublican Senate has no place for a RINO like you.
#whitenation & @POtuS enabler @senator collins forgets #Dirigo? Your blah blah is not leadership.  It's #2little2late. #shameonSue #impeach
So when will you explicitly denounce the president who not only condones but encourages this behavior?
What's this:

Now is the time to push for impeachment or resignation. Defending Nazi's and white supremacists is not acceptable in POTUS. #hehasgottogo
So do something about it!!!! republicans have to do the right thing and get the nazi out of the White House. What is wrong with you people?
OMG Susan Trump has gone unhinged! It is time to invoke the 25th ammendment
You need to say more. WhiteSupremacists say they support Trump's agenda. Is the GOP agenda at heart a white supremacy agenda? Impeach.
You must start impeachment proceeding against the lunatic in the Oval Office. It's our only hope.
https://patribotics.blog/2017/08/15/pimpotus-trump-models-and-russias-human-traffickers/ … Unfucking fit! Unfucking fit! 25
Please get rid of POTUS and Bannon, this racist combo who is bringing America and its value to its knees.
Voting to keep Obamacare is domestic terrorism. Hatred, racism, and bigotry against Americans and YOU have no place in our country.
But Susan you are leaning left & Left group Antifa is violent also KKK spokesperson worked for @CNN a left leaning station & loved Obama
This woman is insane!
TY Senator!  Pls lift your voice to #CleanOutWH #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller
Right... not white for black or black for white!
You are a racist because you did not name the groups.
Susan you are right about hatred. But on another note .you are a democrat please leave our party. You bring NOTHING to republicans but bad

If all states follow Illinois lead & declare neo-nazis a terrorist group, they'll lose their constitutional right to have hate rallies.
Is thatreally the best u can do!?I think not - cmon ur a senator from Mitchell Muskie Cohen state - take some action we are relying on u
This POTUS is evil and vile. He is destroying America. Please consider Impeachment.
Sen. Collins, you have no credibility. The violence in VA was horrible; however, you contribute to it with your voting record. Lib policies
And you should do your job. Can't wait to vote you out!
How predictable of you. I think YOU think you can run for president perhaps as a democrat. Thanks for stating the obvious. NO racism is righ
It starts at the top. Get rid of the hateful racists and bigots in the White House.
You might think about changing parties or becoming an Independent.  Your current party does not agree with you nor does your President.
You're dead right. And it includes KKK, White Supremacy, Black Lives Matter, Black Panthers, Antifa, ... Let's call them all out.
Very simple concept.
We need a president with moral leadership that this @POTUS does not have #bully #rhetoric #disrespectful #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller
It is extremist white supremacist terrorism.
Tell that to Blm and the panthers
Senator Collins please protect voting rights for all Americans.
Or in the 'white' house!
Thank you Sen. Collins for your condemnation of this hatred, these ppl I guess forgot that AMERICA belonged to the Indians & not the whites!
Senator, please start with hateful, racist bigots Bannon, Miller, & Gorka #HateHasNoHomeHere
Thank you senator Collins
But it does in your party. A party you are a willing member of!
Thank you senator.
Why don't you switch parties? You are more of a Dem than Republican.
Thank you Senator. If I was a R I'd be supporting you for president. Might still if you choose a dem running mate.  @GOP @TheDemocrats
So please introduce in senate a resolution saying so as we hold the #2017BlackFamilyReunion
Please start impeachment proceedings. Please!
Exactly. So PLEASE take immediate steps to impeach 45! Rhetoric is meaningless without action to back it up, Senator.
...your next tweet should be to denounce the president and his support for these hate filled groups.
I'm glad to see you call it what it is, "domestic terrorism"...
Look around you.....
Thank you again Senator Collins.
We suggest you take a close look at the crowd. Some of them are CRNC members--future leaders of your party. By not speaking out against 1/
Fox, Breitbart, etc., the GOP has encouraged this behavior. These people have grown up with propaganda that you could have stopped. -30-
Thank you. Now awaiting your call for the removal of white supremacists from the White House.
Thank you Sen. Collins 4 denouncing bigotry/hate of White Supremacists groups. They have no home in USA.

Why can't Trump follow ur example?
So when will Congress pursue impeachment of the creature who empowered Nazis? Talk is cheap. #HeatherHeyer
Thank you for your words,Unfortunately, it seems there IS room for it in your political party. Getting your house in order is a good start.
If hatred, racism and bigotry has no place in our country, why are you allowing it to live in the White House?
trump is the leader of the Nazi terrorist organization that carried this out, and he continues to embolden them. Please, Move to Impeach!
@malamoo60 it has No Place in our WH either!!!
Except in the WH apparently. Not to mention incompetence & corruption. If only Congress would fight for our nation instead of their party
Then do something about it. Reinstate the full VRA, investigate voter suppression of minorities by white Republicans.
And yet there has been made a place for all in our government. You must condemn racism in VA & in the WH & the DOJ, including *Sessions.*
#1 reason why confirming a racist for USAG was a bad call. Time to act on trump. Act or own everything he does Senator.
By the very definition, yes it is.
We know. Tell @realDonaldTrump! Apparently he hasn't realized this yet.
The Charlottesville police allowed the violence. THEY ALLOWED IT.
Agreed, but when are you going to start calling for the impeachment of their overload, DJT?
There is indeed a place for hate, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
Neither does this president
Hatred, racism and bigotry are the hallmark of the republican party, you are complicit in voter suppression Senator Collins
'Better late than never?'
I believe will be the rallying cry for GOP today
What are you doing to hold this President accountable for his lamentable lack of accountability regarding this weekend's violence?
I think you're a Democrat
Thank you for this unequivocal statement.  I hope that your future words, and more importantly, actions regarding the WH reflect this.
I like you Susan, but I don't like the party you stand for. It is a hateful party that is definately not for the people of the United States
Now tell the right person @SenatorCollins You have Bigotry ,Racism and hatred right in the @WhiteHouse house and the leader is your boss !

This hate is present in the senate too! Clean up the senate, house & the @WhiteHouse. Our Government is passing bills empowering them
Senator, go one step further!  Call our @realDonaldTrump on enabling white supremacists!
Use your influence to get the House to impeach this horrible man
tell your party
@AndrewBatesNC  Thank you Senator. Surprised we still have to say things like this.
It's easy to condemn them with words, Senator. But it's action that's needed. Until then, REPUBLICAN=RACIST. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Agree. When are the GOPs starting impeachment proceedings?
Bottom line: DT is NOT going to condemn by name a portion of his base. No way! No how!Why after all we have seen & heard do we expect this?
If he does it will be like when the media finally hounded him into saying, in the weakest and most insincere way, that he disovowed Duke.
Thank you Senator, now please get your party to impeach. Trump is tearing our country apart & crushing democracy. How bad must it get?
It would seem to have a big place. Blame your parties leader,,,
And you helped when you joined @SenMajLdr for 8 years of obstruction. You helped set the stage for where we are today.
But it is here, how do we deal with this embedded coded behavior?
http:http://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/after-charlottesville-end-the-denial-abouttrump2017/08/13/05adbc6e-804a-11e7b359-15a3617c767b_story.html …. Do something meaningful- bipartisan https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/after-charlottesville-end-the-denial-about-trump/2017/08/13/05adbc6e-804a-11e7-b359-15a3617c767b_story.htmlResolution … to condemn
Thank you. Keep standing up for your constituents. #VotesNotWords
Been in America and every other country for ages , I do not know a country that does not have something to hate . be it Gay or colour sadly
I sure hope you didn't vote to confirm Jeff Sessions, because that action would contradict the message of this tweet.
Don't lose your soul...in your heart you know what is right...keep fighting.
YOU & like-minded others/CONGR must LEAD charge to IMPEACH prez or risk total CHAOS: domestic & not to mention NUCLEAR threat #FireBannon
Do something about it.  Oust Trump on legitimate reasons to do so.  There are plenty that warrant Article 25.
We need action, not simply  words of condemnation against @realDonaldTrump. We need articles of impeachment!
But talk is easy! Remove 45!
The guy your party put in the White House is a White Nationalist. Also a narcissistic psychopath. 
Thanks, but you need to use the 25th.
Thank you for not comprising your principles or your humanity.
And we need to get rid of it, starting with @POTUS !
When will you be announcing that you are calling for Trump's impeachment? Actions speak louder than tweets. #theresistance
Please start impeachment proceedings. Please. Do something.
Except the West Wing.
Thank you. Stand up and get the Nazis out of WH. You know who they are. Sessions is a racist & removed Nazis from watch list
The GOP is a hate group. You're a member of the GOP. Do the math.
This is in THE GOP!
Nor do white supremacists and KKK and Nazi supporters have any place in our White House. #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller #Charlottesville
How?
And your colleague Pence we know when he refers to Dangerous Fringe Groups he is not speaking of the white supremacist he is referring to US
But that what this country was build on.
If we get into a war they should be the first to be intbe front line. Disputable people
Well Susan, until we have a massive change in this country's leadership we will continue to have an unhealthy society.  It starts at the top
But your president supports, or at least encourages, such hate groups. What will your party do to stop him. It will take great leadership.
LePage opens his mouth and Charlottesville comes out. It's in our own state!
@RedEyeRadioNet @rosierifka @HuntsmanAbby @KatiePavlich @MiaFarrow @rulajebreal @KeithOlbermann @soledadobrien
Republicans have no place for you, shirking ur responsibilities.
You seem like a not totally horrible person. Leave the @GOP before your soul completely disintegrates.
It is radical alt right terrorism!   iSen Collins it's time for you to leave the GOP and its hatred rearing policies!
Absolutely@rightonS
Thank you Senator for standing up.
No, just in the White House.
Voting you out!  We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  U have great health care but deny us. U voted to keep Obamacare.
Great. Start by cleaning out the Nazis in the WH. #mepolitics
Those people all need to go back and crawl under the rocks from whence they came! #shame #hideinshame
Yes ma'am, I agree!!!
But the president campaigned on racism. None of this should surprise anyone. Please continue to hobble his reign of terror.
There will be very few who emerge from this time in the history books as heroes. You could be one.
Thank you for having the courage to state the truth!
It has a place in our @WhiteHouse. Sad!
You need to tell @SpeakerRyan & @SenMajLdr bc they are unaware of what Domestic Terrorism is.  Or the two of them are a part of it 
Thank you, Senator.
Trump's condemnation of these mobs is no strength, hypocrisy. Because these people have voted for him.
#shameonTrump
But I have to say that the Republican Party has chosen one of the worst presidents, and your party is turning into an extreme right.
I am very grateful to you, Senator. Thank you for doing the right thing in the Obama care replacement.
Where is the GOP outrage about Bannon and Gorda in the White House?
Susan, your party contributed to this. Anti-immigrant, anti-other, voter suppression, blame welfare Moms, hatred of Obama, birtherism, etc.
Again, home grown. Not Muslims.
The violence in Charlottesville is the natural & expected result of Republican propaganda & their support of RW bigotry for the last 40 yrs.
Pls explain why black protesters (Ferguson) were arrested and these white nazi thugs weren't?
I appreciate you speaking out, but these forces have highjacked your party. I don't recognize my country anymore. What will you do? Help us.
