please help block #GrahamCassidy ... Obamacare saved my life. We're counting on you!
I have a USELESS OBAMACARE CARD!!
No Dr in the area. Must drive 80 miles to be seen by one. INSANE!
PLEASE VOTE FOR Graham/Cassidy Bill.
Better to drive 80 miles than not have affordable coverage at all.
Or have a cap on your coverage , loose your home and savings !!! Yeah I’ll take the ride
Love that it's the ACA's fault that states don't have enough doctors (crisis ongoing for years). When in doubt, blame the black guy!
So true. You can't force doctors to join a network. Rural areas are underserved.
I am not in a 'rural' area. I  live in Palm Beach County.

Vote YES on #GrahamCassidyBill
Health Insurance isn't a right. It's a product of working for a living. Like a paycheck. 
Just hope your loved ones never get some horrible disease that will not be covered by insurance. And who cares about the vets, right?
Trump is taking care of the vets. Unlike Obummer. I work for a living and have always paid for my insurance. Even since it went to shit
Actually I know a lot of vets who support Trump. I have relatives who are vets and lots of friends who are vets all support @POTUS
Delighted that John McCain just came out and said he will vote no! Why are you not coming out and saying the same thing yet?
Poor Bonnie how pathetic… McCain is a smart man &has a heart unlike ppl like you. Guess what? The Graham-Cassidy bill isn't  going to pass!
20 Million paid tax to not be on it thousands in it can't afford deductible so have no coverage & many good jobs reduced to 30 hrs Becuz ACA
And it's is the GOP who sabotaged the ACA so that's on your party not mine.
False a DNC talking point ACA collapsed because it was designed to fail Study Up architect & many DemocRats said ACA 1st step Single Payer
Well I'd love single payer! Because guess what honey, it's coming. The GOP refuses to work across the aisle and get anything done
Get on board
Thank you for working hard on issues that matter and don't "harm" the citizens of this country
Congratulations! Stand tall for the millions who depend on you to make sure they will not lose their healthcare. Don't be bullied or bribed.
Please click the ruby slippers and go back to Kansas! Maybe you'll be more welcome there? U saved ObamaCare.
I work in home care Senator, Vote no to #GrahamCassidyBill don't allow yourself to be Trumpbullied...people's lives depend on you
Vote repeal and replace Obama Care  is done
Only for the rich
Obmacare is imploding! Vote for health care reform NOW! Stop having tax payers pay for 73% of the premiums for senators like you!
Well deserved @SenatorCollins. Thank you truly for advocating!
Thank you for voting no on Graham-Cassidy. I know u want something better.
Counting on you to block #GrahamCassidy
Senator Collins. The bill may not perfect but GOP can amend later. Nothing is perfect. Get on board and do something later. #Be united.
She enjoys a 73% reduction in her health care premiums by being listed in the senate and congress ILLEGALLY as a small business. SICK!
We love you!!!!!!!! Thank you for your wise, considerate, and compassionate decision. 
You are a gem xx thank you for sticking up for your beliefs that all of us need access to decent health care !
#Traitors
Respect our Vets! Vote NO!
They can't see thru the hypocrisy of your REAL AGENDA. You are a sickening part of the REAL SWAMP. Hope you fail in political aspirations!!
please vote no on #GrahamCassidy, Senator Collins 
thank you for not backing the #GrahamCassidyBill 
 from a Washington state mom of adult special needs son a heart felt thankyou!
Please be strong again. Save lives #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
As a Long Term Care planning specialist I know Hospice & HC is important. NH care is paid for by Medicaid for most seniors. Please vote NO.
To keep the elderly af home we need Medicaid please dont take it away from them or hospice patients
Need to repeal and replace
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill! #KillTheBill
Hope we still have these services if GrahamCassidy passes. Hospice means a preexisting condition
It HAS pre-existing conditions in the Bill.
Vote YES on #GrahamCassidyBill PLEASE!!
I need healthcare that works! ACA doesn't.
No!  When your premiums sky rocket due to GrahamCassidy you will think otherwise
Congratulations!
Congratulations! Please Vote NO on the #GrahamCasiddy Bill. Help save American lives #SaveACA Continue to advocate for the American people
Need to vote against Graham bill. No need to think about it. keep your resolve.
If GC passes it will be home health care & those they care for (like myself, a quadriplegic) that will suffer! PLEASE VOTE NO to GC!
Pls do not vote4 this health bill.Force a bipartisan procedural healthcare bill. GOP/DEM bill Good 4 all states & ppl. PLS
Thank you for voting no on #ACA. My mother depended on Medicaid for her Hospice coverage. Repeal would take Medicaid away. #savemedicaid
If you in someway find it Heartless to vote "YES" on this bill,then you don't deserve the Ruby Slipper Sen.Collins.Please vote "NO"
Senator, thank you for supporting Hospice! Sure you heard many stories. But mine simply is it gave me priceless time to give back to my Mom.
Congratulations! Now please continue your good work to help those whose health is in jeopardy & vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Thank you!
Congrats on award!!! Please do same good work for health care, and vote no on health care bill. It hurts more people than it helps.
WE ARE BEGGING YOU TO STAND UP FOR US...THIS BILL IS TERRIBLE..NO CBO SCORE..NO GUARANTEE ON PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL HURT ALOT OF FOLKS
Congratulations Senator. Please  Join hands with respected Sen. McCain and stand against the proposed health care bill -so harmful to many
There's a rumor U plan to vote yes on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill - I hope it is wrong. I hope U haven't turned on the American people 4 @GOP
And yet you keep Obamacare in place to punish the average working person.  They have insurance, but no healthcare.!!!
 Congratulations Senator, that's important work. So is voting down Graham-Cassidy repeal bill. Please keep fighting the good fight & VoteNO
So happy to know that you are the winner of this award. Can't think of anyone more deserving!
We all need ur no vote....please? Someone will have this and not have the options he did.  A hero , just as u were the last time
From a Kansan it's an honor you received ruby slippers. Thank you for your courage on the GC fiasco! You are my Shero!
As a centrist Democrats, I love you Ms. Collins. And you are a hero

Senator, please put on those slippers and do the right thing for our country. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy!
Please save millions from losing healthcare. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.\
Please do the right thing and vote no to the latest GOP travesty. I'm begging you. You have been a good person in the past. Please help us.
Thank you for supporting health care and opposing Graham-Cassidy
Congratulations! Mow please vote no on Graham Cassidy
Quality in-home care won't be available if ACA is repealed by G-C. Please vote no and protect the elderly, sick & disabled
The bill is not even finished yet. How do we know what is in it?  No one shows it. Even for voting! How can you vote on unseen stuff
No democrat will.  Oppositional.
Maine already has pre existing conditions in our healthcare. So what are you being oppositional about?
Please vote no Senator Collins. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154790856985493&id=7292655492 …
Sen collins. I take care of my Mom in home care.  Its hard.  We need more help !!!   Im exhausted!
Please support Graham-Cassidy. Why not let Maine decide what's best for Maine? Please.
Please vote know  no on awful health bill.
Senator, please vote against repealing ACA. We know there's great pressure being applied R's and R donors, but American needs u now. Thanks!
I hope you are putting Americans over Party, again. Are you a firm No on the ACA vote? Asking for about 32 million friends.
Vote YES! Repeal Obamacare! Premiums and deductibles R extortionate making healthcare impossible. Our families are suffering. Please help!
Counting on you Sen Collins! Pls vote NO on Cassidy Graham

NEW: This entire statement from Cleveland Clinic on Graham Cassidy is absolutely incredible-- excerpt only below.

…
what's your problem?  This new bill is worse than the skinny repeal, which you voted against. Come forth now and say NO
Senator Collins, please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy This bill is cruel + would be a death sentence for many Americans! #VoteNo
And we'll be delighted if you vote against THAT healthcare bill
please vote NO on Graham Cassidy. The Affordable Care Act helps so many.
@Senator-Collins, we need your vote to give a fighting chance to millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. Fix ACA
Please vote NO!! I'm 32 and a cancer survivor! I won't even be able to afford my surveillance let alone chemo again if this passes!
Says the fake Republican
You could really improve care by immediately denouncing #GrahamCasiddy
Saving my money to donate to your next opponent. Will be working 24/7 for your defeat. #RepealAnd Replace.
Vote NO on the newest disastrous healthcare bill. You wouldn't have gotten that award without the ACA. You stood up before, do it again!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH HER VOICE? HOW SICK IS SHE?
RUBY SLIPPERS FOR THE WITCH! PERFECT!
Continue the good work and vote "No" on #GrahamCassidy
Please. Follow your conscience and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. Millions are counting on your courage. Do the right thing.
Please vote no on the Cassidy graham bill. Americans are counting on you to do the right thing
The #CassidyGraham bill is cruel bill & will take healthcare away from millions. Please do what's right and good and vote No on this  bill.
Please keep your ground. Say no to that horrible bill.
Please stand by the wisdom and leadership you showed in July and vote "no" on #CassidyGraham
Please help Americans like me. I was born with a bicuspid arotic heart valve. I need to keep my insurance for my heart surgery. Vote no 
Join John McCain and do the right thing. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy !!
While awards are lovely; now is the time to show your heart and soul and vote "NO" on the "Grassidy" bill! People over party!
Plz get rid of Obamacare. Plz. It almost ruined my life. Plz. Vote for this bill. Much better than last one
Congratulations Senator. Your heart clearly in the right place. Pls be courageous. Vote no on G/C health care bill. We all need health care.
So your voting NO on the new attempt to destroy  our health care !
Stay the course, Senator. DO NOT vote in favor of this horrific Bill. Work with the Dems and fix the ACA--it can be done.
Please vote No on the healthcare bill. Think about how this will affect American's as a whole. People cannot be bought and sold.
Great work, Sen Collins. Please vote to ensure these, and all Americans, can receive healthcare. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Please vote "NO" on the Graham-Cassidy bill.  It does not serve the   majority of Americans and hurts those who need healthcare most. 
Thank you for your courage Senator. Because of the ACA, my 26 yr old daughter was able to get decent health care coverage for $140 per month
Now please SAVE health care for MILLIONS OF AMERICANS by voting NO on this HORRIBLE "health care" bill!! Stand UP for Americans, PLEASE!!
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Which will be devastated by the Graham Cassidy Bill
Oh I see #collins it's pitchfork time!
This will be the end of your vacation in Washington! We will vote you OUT
You #vote for #Obamacare are WE will vote you OUT!
Please vote no on GrahamCassidy bill for the good of country.  Amend what we have carefully n in the light not in secret deals
Congratulations! And I trust u'll maintain the availability of quality care by voting against #GrahamCassidyBill !
Please #ProtectOurCare !
Reasons why your state and country are behind you!  Please don't allow this unthoughtful attack on Healthcare!
Please vote no on #GrahamCasiddy
This better be your way of throwing shade at Trump and intimating how you plan to vote.
If #GrahamCassidy passes, so many people will be unable to pay for home care and hospice. Please #VoteNo.
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Great job. Keep up the good work
Please please vote NO it's a bill no one supports. Bad bill. Thank you
Looking at my insurance paperwork from recent cancer, I would not have been able to afford to pay without coverage.
With line items that go into the thousand dollar range, even maxing credit cards and going into debit for life wouldnt work.
I couldn't wish that on anyone.
Yes, Obamacare is not perfect.   But if both sides were to work at it, Bi-partisan agreement can happen that would be good for all.
with that being said, this citizen of Virginia would like to add her voice to those asking you to vote no on Graham Cassidy
Please don't support Graham-Cassidy!  From a citizen in Massachusetts
Pls vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy Healthcare bill.  Work with Dems for comprehensive reform not against.
Please vote no! 37,000,000 children will lose their insurance! Health insurance shouldn't be determined by what family a child is born into!
Please Vote No! We need a bipartisan bill. Let's work together.
#GrahamCassidy a lousy bill, and you know it. Get GOP to understand what we all know- OCare not perfect, but has helped millions! Fix it.
Studer traitor
This is a bad bill, this is a bad way to do policy. But look at the deeper issue. Listen to that speech from 45 last night.
He is furthering the divide. We need better. We deserve better. Be the voice that you need to be for Maine ... and for all of us Americans.
Congratulations, but as a grandchild of Elizabeth Levinson, who founded the E. Levinson facility in Bangor, please vote NO on GC bill!
Traitor
Please Susan (Senator)
The American people needs your help again Country first side by side with Good person John McCain
Congratulations...and now do what's right for American healthcare across the country & vote NO on Graham-Cassidy...put #PolicyOverPolitics
Please Vote NO! Don't accept the bribe. It's about ALL Americans. The death bill, is just that! @lisamurkowski same to you! #GrahamCassidy
Congrats. But stay strong. NO to #GrahamCassidy. Maintain regular order. Fix problems in current system. We beg You!!
These services will be inaccessible for millions if Graham-Cassidy is passed. Please do not allow this to happen. Please VOTE NO.
Begging u with all my  vote NO. My autistic son & so many like him would suffer as would their families.
If you don't vote no, hospice patients and millions others will suffer far more. #killthebill #saveourcare #lifeordeath ##voteNO #dirigo
Please vote NO on ACA repeal.
Senator Collins, please vote NO on that evil Repeal bill from hell. Millions of fine Americans are depending on you.
The health & lives of ALL Americans,  are at stake Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy! Pre exist protections not untouchable!
Vote for repeal
Now kick your heels three times....get off your ass....and help millions of Americans.....kill this horrible health care bill
Susan I heard you're leaning voting NO, & I just want to thank you if that is the case. We're counting on you. The whole country is. VOTE NO
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy and FIX the ACA.
Dorothy says Please don't  be known as  (R) who kept ACA & puts us on path to Single Payer.  Work with HHS Price to improve once passed
Senator, do vote NO on the latest Zombie Trumpcare bill.  We are counting on YOU to continue to protect our health care.
You do amazing work for your fellow Americans. Stay true to us and yor conscience and vote no to Graham Cassidy. You are appreciated.
Please continue your hard work for healthcare across the country. Do not fall for this latest bill. Please vote no.
Keep protecting and supporting the sick and infirm. Please continue by voting against Graham Cassidy. It is more of the same.
Please vote NO on the Graham Cassidy DEATHCARE BILL. Our TN senators do not care about what's best for the ppl so we have to depend on you
Congrats on award - Hospice so important - Please vote NO on G-C bill. It hurts seniors. You are a hero! Maine
- a Dem from PA
Sen. Collins vote yes on Graham-Cassidy bill
Graham-Cassidy will give Maine up to 25% MORE Federal Funding. MaineCare will suffer if you vote No. What are you playing at?
please block this latest heinous healthcare bill. Many are counting on your NO vote!
Please vote AGAINST Graham-Cassidy. Don't let men in your party bully& bribe you. Make us proud again w your "NO" vote. Country over party.
McCain & fellow senate brothers have #Cadillac plan and gave us "0"  plan.a true #rino to end,A keating 5 #FRAUDSTER https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DKXbNzqW0AENC3w.jpg …
If you truly care for the people who voted you in, pay your outrageous salary & good insurance vote yes for Graham-Cassidy.
Congrats. Too bad no one can afford it with Obamacare and you refuse to vote yes to repeal and replace. Quit being a RINO and help us!!!!!!!
Ruby slippers stem from Kansas, who will suffer dearly if this healthcare bill passes.  Please vote NO! Thank you
Please continue to stand with integrity with our colleague @SenJohnMcCain and vote against #GrahamCassidy.
Dems espousing single payer commie care. Yes not perfect, but does a 180 & stops march to socialism. Give states power now, fine tune later.
1000 lib. S. ME WOMAN. asked if they used planned parent hood. 300 yes. 2 reasons, abortion and birth control pills/condomes. Not worth it.
Please continue your good work by VOTING NO on the Graham Cassidy bill.  PLEASE!
Obama care does not save lives. You have forgotten what great care WE USE TO HAVE! OBAMA CARE CHOICE KILLS AT WILL..POPULATION CONTROL!
Maine has Maine Care not Obama care. This IS the example of Graham pre exhisting bill. Know what your talking about. Collins should vote yes

Cant even imagine exactly what you did? Patient cancer survivor and Home State ME! Screwed me. Your not Goveroner material. Should quit now!
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy. Help us fix what we already have. The ACA literally saved my life. Seniors/women need you to fight for us.
Help us return to free markets. ACA destroyed our health insurance markets. Medicaid should be per capita based. HELP!!
Senator u have put people over party b4, plz do it again & let us know u will vote no on repeal.
Vote no
Please vote NO again
You always shine! Do not let @pots bu;;y U and put out your sparkle. This #sickcare bu=ill by G&C is awful and no med orgs or Drs. like it!
STAND STRONG AGAINST THIS EVIL GRAHAM CASSIDY BILL!
@SenatorCollins Please support Mainer's choice in HC coverage and vote yes on #GrahamCassidy.  Each state can design a system to meet needs!
Say No - to Graham/ Cassidy Bill - let's not do this to Americans ,we aren't that type of country - Yet-
Senator, please do the honorable Mainer thing and vote against the heartless #GrahamCassidy bill. Thanks for your courage! We are grateful.
Congratulations 
Please refuse to support the GOP healthcare plan.
My healthcare is b.s. and you need to pay my deductible.
Please vote no on the @GrahamCassidy bill. There plan will hurt my whole family and many others.  This is terrible what they are doing!
Sen Collins vote Yes for the Graham plan. Research is showing Obamacare increases morbidity and costs.
Then you might want to vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill. 

https://www.google.com/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59c13e74e4b0c3e70e74280d/amp …
Stupdifying
You are a traitor too this country needs someone who will work for it you are not that one!
tRump says you're going to vote YES on the horrible Graham-Cassidy bill. Please, senator, don't cave to his bullshit & threats! WE BEG YOU!
