Enough!  So tired of  "my principles are higher than yours"  They aren't  Stop hurting the people and the party. Repeal.  Then rework!
Thank you Senator!
Thank u 4 continuing 2 b the leader that this country needs. Those w/cystic fibrosis need access 2 the best care. #CFAdvocacy

YES! I knew you were a SMART Lady! ANYONE VOTING FOR TRUMP'S VOODOO MEDICAL CARE BILL, sill be VOTED OUT!!!
Good job protecting your constituents healthcare
Thx, so I still can't afford an annual physical because I am not on welfare. 30yrs of hard work. You're just another who profited from Ocare
Thank you for continuing to stand against bullying and doing what is right for your constituents ~ Donna from CA
TRAITOR!
And we will vote No on your re-election.
Ass hat. Glad you are happy with 23m Americans not having coverage! Well done! What a nationalist!
More #fakenews and #fakenumbers.  How about the millions upon millions of Americans that cannot afford healthcare under Obamacare??
6.5 million, paying an average of $480/ year each (because they choose to) Weigh that against 23 million who can get insurance
And you have no evidence to show they cannot afford Obamacare.
Evidence?  Myself as well as friends that are paying more than $600/month for insurance they cannot use due to deductibles that are so high
It's just "me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me" don't give a shit about anyone
I am one of many across this great land being threatened by socialists like yourself & @SenatorCollins. Do some research bro. And wake up!
Thank you @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski for your courage and for saving the day. #womenpower
.@rushlimbaugh Collins & Murkowski are FUNDED by #PP Neither w budge 2 #RepealACA BESIDES, repeal still leaves the SUPERSTRUCTURE in place
WRONG! This contributes to a total disaster for the GOP.
Thank you Sen. Collins!
Thank you!
THANK YOU
Very sad.  You are aligned against middle class americans who are being bankrupted by this monstrosity.
Thank you for your vote!
U deserve to be thrown out of office in 2018...& I'm sure you will b. Start looking 4 a job.What's the difference between u & Dems? NOTHING
Rhino. Sell out. How dare you and the rest of your rhino friends vote no. I'm glad I moved out of Maine. Too many 2 faced political hacks
THANK YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you Senator!
Why don't you switch to the party with which you identify, Senator?  You seem to be a socialist.
Would be more than happy to welcome her as a Democrat. She and Sen. Murkowski are the only two sane, honorable Republican senators.
Jehmu G. is on FNC's The Specialists now discussing these senators.
WHAT DO U WANT? It can't possible B 2 destroy small business persons. That's what Obama Care is doing. Help the hard working middle class.
Thank you Senator Collins from the mom of a special needs child, and not one of your constituents.
You need to go join @SenSchumer  @TheDemocrats we the people are not into you're socialist agenda #VoteCollinOut worse than a RINO 
Susan Collins is not killing anything. She is standing up for responsible HC legislation.
You're done..
And I surely hope that your constituents primary u right out of office. Are you 1  of those that voted 2 exempt yourselves out of Obamacare?
Fellow Republican here.. thank you. A NO vote is much appreciated!!!
You must get subsidies then...
"Government is NOT the solution to our problem, government is the problem."-Reagan  We don't want GOV Healthcare! #RepealObamacare
"What we face today in Soviet Communism is, indeed, an evil empire." A key Reagan lesson your party seems to have forgotten.
Traitor! We don't forget!
Thank you, Senator, 3 caring abt ur State & all ppl. You and the few morally upright, conscientious, logical Repubs shld create a new party.
Lisa, the longer you let us suffer under the weight of Obamacare the closer you are to being out of a job. Give us free market healthcare!
Thank you,senator, it's time to decrease Rx $ together with dems. One step at a time.  Everyone ,all Americans, would support this.
Thank you Senator Collins for standing up for what's right and voting No.
Thank You for standing up for all Americans-I am a scared 64 yo widow on SS, had cancer, will need new insurance Sept -March until medicare.
Thank you, Senator, for doing the right thing. Please continue to listen to your conscience - and not your party.
Collins you need to go , you are no republican you are wishy washy liberal at best.  Le page is the only one up there with any balls
THATS A LIE: 
2/2/11
S 223: Repealing the ACA 
Status: Motion rejected
Repeal of the Affordable Care Act of 2010
Sen. Collins voted Yes
Please vote no, stand with the children and disabled who need help. Your constituents  need you to vote w/ your heart.
Sen. Collins you are defending a dangerous, overreaching law that was rammed through without a SINGLE Republican vote.
thank you for your honesty.
Repeal the UN-Affordable Care Act! do your job! its killing the middle class, subsidizing the freeloaders! you're a #BenedictArnold #Traitor
Thank you, Sen. Collins.  Now see if you can pull some colleagues away from the Dark Side, and maybe you can help salvage the Rep Party.
Americans voted for to #Repeal #Obamacare on Nov8th you will get no votes in #2018
and its ok for any that voted yes in 2015 to change to NO now. times change, markets change, & ppl more educated on what ACA is.
THANK YOU!
And it's time for you to go. Your 2 terms are up and it's time for you to switch parties.
We would love to have her!! Smart woman!!
Agreed--votes for her people's interests & doesn't put party + stupid/unpopular bill above country.
You people should pay attention.  She voted to repeal Obamacare in 2015.
You mean when they voted to get political points by being able to say they voted for it, knowing fully that it would be vetoed & not pass?
The conversation is about Susan Collins who did EXACTLY that.
She and many others went through the motions voting for something that had 0 chance of passing. This time it was for real
I agree and they're playing political games.  But the truth is they ALL do it on both sides.  No one to really count on.
A no vote will be make you win you a ticket back to Maine.
Please leave the party and take McCain with you.  Hurry, Go on now, don't look back... You've done enough damage to the country.
PLEASE VOTE NO AGAIN!  This is incredible, why can an entire room of old white men can destroy everyone's healthcare?
Thank you for being one of only two Rs showing compassion for all Americans who are struggling with health care.
#RepealACA @SenateGOP MUST repeal #OCare or all future donation$ will go ONLY 2 #PrimaryChallengers Disgraceful> @SenatorCollins MUSTGO @GOP
Ty @SenatorCollins for demonstrating healthcare isn't political - its personal.  #CFAdvocacy #ProtectPatientsNow
This is what every senator should be saying!
If I lived in Maine I would get up early to vote for you.  You have the courage to speak truth to power.  Stay woke!
Support your party and your president and make changes later and make changes later.
U need to step down. Run again as a democrat. There should be law against u leaders deceiving the public.
Thank you for being a beacon in this continuing storm! Your ME CFers thank you! @CF_Foundation @CFTeamTrevor #cfadvocacy
I'm begging U all 2 wake up 2 what these crooks R doing. We're being robbed blind. #EnoughIsEnough #Medicare4All
Oh so you're with @TheDemocrats FIX THE ACA?? not an option NOT AFFORDABLE NOT HEALTH INSURANCE #CollinsRINO
Rino's must go 2018
Give all veterans in the United States private insurance, and let the lazy people use VA hospitals.
Or enact #Medicare4All turn the VA's into regular facilities & service members go where they want when they need to without the wait?
Yes I have no problem if they want to enact a Medicaid for all scheme. I won't be a part of it because I want Quality Healthcare.
But if you can't afford your own Healthcare, you could go to a VA clinic or VA Hospital and get treated.
Those who can afford, or who want private healthcare can go to the private healthcare market and buy private insurance.
Bravo to you and thank you for standing up for the citizens' interests and your principles!
#StrongWomen
Thank U4 choosing 2 save lives on many levels People seem 2 miss the good in the ACA & wish 2 scrap without knowing how they will B impacted
Thank you for not using term "Ocare". I noticed in ur press conf. and other comms, youre calling it ACA. Its non partisan. LEADERSHIP!
Agree its not sustainable for you or for ME businesses but its obvious that this issue needs to be addressed in a Non-Partisan way.
Just run as a Democrat next time.....
WOOPSY.... could try and take a few GOP along too?? Maybe YOU can explain it better....LOVE YOU!! The People.
U were elected on a repeal Obamacare platform and now turn ur back on constituents!  U are a RINO and will. It be re-elected!  Shameful!
Thank you for being the #ConscienceoftheRepublicanParty#. You are a #ProfileinCourage#
you aren't a #Republican. consider changing your party to #Democrat
In looking @ options for health care: Push Medicare age being lowered to age 55 to assist for all of the uninsured Americans under 65
You will be voted out! YOU are responsible for forcing obamacare on us! You are a democrat pretending to be a republican!
Thank you for taking a strong stance in the interests of the American people. #revisenotreplace
We will vote NO to you!
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Collins for putting american citizens above party.
Add This Anti American!
Of course you don't care about middle class Americans! Premiums have gone from 250-800/month and deductibles from 5,000-12,000.  Killing us!
This is BS, YOU CAN GO TO THE FLOOR AND ADD YOUR AMENDMENT. DONE.... STOP YOUR RESISTANCE 
#DoYourJob

THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU.
Thank you for your steady leadership, Senator Collins. You are doing the right thing for the health of millions but also for our economy.
Thank you, Senator Collins, for having the best interests of your constituents and the nation at heart!
Thank you.
Thank You.
Wait a minute ! You mean the replacement you wouldn't vote for because you sold out to Planned Parenthood and the Insurance lobbiest ?
Thank you!!
Shame on you.
We will remember.
Thank you for doing the right thing!! 
THANK YOU!!
You are a strong woman with integrity.
Thank you for showing the men what it means to be brave and for caring about your constituents and the American people. Bravo!
Obamacare was not about helping the health care system, it is nothing more than a gov. takeover. The unaffordable care act needs to be gone
Bravo. Thank you for doing what's right.
THANK YOU!! You've done the right thing and saved lives!!
Of course you won't..YOUR NOT ON OBAMACARE...my premiums went from $400 to $1300 per month Senator..  you don't care about us.. your selfish
Life long Republican will be voting Independent from now on! GOP Failed
Thank you!
Fake Republican
You are a traitor and not a true Republican,,Ru a democrat,I hope u lose your next election,We the people voted for u and will take it away,
Thank you!!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you.
You need to stop singing the deceptive song of Medicaid cuts.  A decrease in spending increases is NOT a cut.
Thank you. The senate majority leader McConnell is a very troubled man.
@SenatorCollins  stand strong senator the men are getting ready to charge@on the healthcare bill
Thank you
Thank you so much for putting people before party. I really appreciate it.
Can't vote yes to debate ...really
Coward!
Thankfully there are reasonable senators!  We have one too-- @clairecmc  --  we need more middle of the road common sense leaders
Smart woman you are...Very very smart you are. I hope you win re-election <3
Thank you!
Thank you so much, Senator Collins. You said no to them, I'm going to say yes next to your name when it is time. Thank you for being strong.
This is a shame that you really don't have the inclination to do the right thing.   Obam care just needs to collapse
Thank you 
Thank you for putting the interests of W. Va residences and the common people of America ahead of partisan brinksmanship.
Do your dam job @SenatorCollins we are tired of excuses. Get out or we will vote you out.
Thank you from NJ senator!  My daughter is a Marine Vet covered by Obamacare.  I hope you consider coming over to the Dem side!
like my family! Really need to be able to concentrate on my work again & not be worried everyday #selfemployed #SaveACA Thank U, Stay Strong

You stinking Democrat.
A case can be made that the ACA helps millions.. It's destroying the financial lives of many multiples of more Americans, please reconsider.
Thank you, @SenatorCollins! My family has insurance because of "Obamacare". 
#SaveTheACA
#mepolitics
Thank you for having morals and a brain.
Thank you! Thank you for standing up for the people. Thank you for being so brave and not bending to McConnell's will.
Senator: Thank you for your leadership and the concern you exhibit for all citizens within our country.
Thank you for standing for the American people. We look forward to a non partisan improvement of the ACA.
You and the rest of your lying caucus will be held accountable for your 6 yrs of lies. Vote all of these self serving bums out!
I hear a lot of nod where are your ideas to fix the mess?
Thanks for showing moral courage for protecting the lives of millions until a bipartisan replacement or revision can be agreed upon.
Thank You and all the other women who stood strong this wk on HC.  It was disgraceful that women's input was not sought or considered. TY
Thank you thank you thank you
And you continually vote to fund planned parenthood.  I don't see how you sleep at night knowing what they do.
Thank you for voting with a conscience
Thank you from Phoenix
What is wrong with u! U need to change parties. I am beyond angry! Think of the people first!  B prepared for another Democratic congress!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you so very, very much!!
Thank you!
Time for you to switch party because are definitely NOT a Republican in any way, shape, form or fashion! maybe voters will help decide 4u
Why not just become a Democrat?  Your actions already say you are!
Thank you for standing up for the people! #NeverRepeal
Thank you
Working against #Trump is working against Republican Party. Working to derail Trump will completely destroy Republican Party!
Thank you, @SenatorCollins
No you voted for it several times.  Looks like CYA
Then add YOUR AMENDMENT to the NEW #AHCA and #DoYourJob
Thank you for being one of the few Republicans who are willing to put country ahead of party!
Thank you, Senator
STOP redistribution of assets! We want govt OUT of R #healthcare & bank accounts! R families NOT obligated 2 subsidize others! #FullRepeal
Thank you!
I hope u enjoy your new job at the 7 11 or maybe Starbucks. It's the unaffordable don't care act that's killing America just what NO wanted
you're the kinda idiot that looks through the dessert menu and never orders it
Thank you Senator Collins!
Require health insurers to offer marketplace coverage in each place where they cover anyone. Lawmakers can stop the market implosion.
Hope you're still feeling this way 24 hours later! 
Thank you @SenatorCollins ! Country before party. #saveourhealthcare
We the people do not want gov't control of healthcare.  You're out of touch and in love with your power.
senator collins
you are a rockstar
and you will be remembered for your resolve once don the con is gone!!
Love how @RandPaul called you senators who will vote no on this bill on @seanhannity radio show today. #MAGA
Aaaaaaaannnnndddd Susan Collins bones my children with the Tax Tab so she can funnel money/power to her puppeteers. Thanks Susan.
@tmmckinney777 Thank you!!!
"So interwoven"? OMG! It's only been law for 7 years and in half states people can't get or can't afford coverage." Just repeal it. #ACA
Thank you Senator Collins
What is wrong with you? I guess you don't want to be re-elected. Are you working against the President and the people? You voted to repeal
Pathetic
Hope you're voted out of office~ you talk & act DUMB
Trump is President-we gave Reps House Senate Presidency-our message 2all of u was crystal clear #Repeal-vote yes now4 #Repeal
I hope the individuals in your state take another option in their primary
Thank you from someone in Texas who has no hope of getting her senators to agree with her beliefs.
We don't want ACA We will vote you out of office. We voted for Trump to lead, not you
MANY thrown into Medicaid are ABLE able to work and PAY for their OWN healthcare provided we get rid of PLANS that no one needs or wants!
Thank you thank you thank you for your leadership on this!
Hero
Thank you!
While Remembering AMERICA has $20T-Debt~>
The Rep-Female-Trifecta of Collins, Murkowski, & Capito nd 2 Offer a AHCA-Compromise nt Just NO
