You also need to start backing our @POTUS! Shame republicans have house & senate, yet, you CAN'T SEEM to get ANYTHING ACCOMPLISHED?! Sad!!!!
Her job is to have OUR BACK. WE THE PEOPLE.
No Lisa-Renee...I didn't put him in office. Maybe you did. Hope you sleep well at night with that choice.
No she is not helping us and I put Trump in to get stuff done & fix USA ! She will be voted out soon!

Suck it up zombie! He is POTUS fixing USA to help all Americans yet no help from Reps we still have ocare give me a break!
Zombie? Restore to personal attacks? You sound just like POTUS! Maybe you should join his team. There are a boatload of positions waiting!
Well when u don't do research and act like a zombie and don't use facts that's what u get! Also I am on the Trump train as he is fixing USA!
Why are you blindly supporting Trump's escalation in Afghanistan with so few details? Do you really trust him to wage war without a plan?
He doesn't need to tell us his plane obama did that and never won the war wake up! My god u ppl need to lay of the lib lies!
The "plan" is there is no plan, just like his secret plan to defeat ISIS, or his secret healthcare plan, or jobs plan. He's just winging it.
The trolls are out in force today, must be desperate. Definitely not worth my time. Hope you find your way out of the Trump cult.
Your a joke a RINO and will be voted out u hate POTUS who is fixing USA! While u do nothing but sit on ur butt screwing us over! Time to go
We have way to many "accidents ".  Have the vessels radars been hacked?
Also tragic: An unhinged lunatic has access to nuclear codes. Only @SenateGOP/@HouseGOP can stop him. cc: @SenJohnMcCain. @SenateMajLdr
Does it strike you as odd?  Could there be a corruption of navigation software?  Repeated pattern not normal...
RINO, not a team player, promises to repeal Obamacare but voted to keep it. You should change parties.
TY Senator. We need the Senate Armed Services Committee to conduct a full investigation into this rash of incidents.
A full investigation is needed to resolve this issue. I'm not confident that our navy ships are not safe in peace time. What about a war?
  Better chance of snowfall in the desert.
There is no other remedy than removing s dangerous man from the Presidency
Look Nancy...erm I mean Susan.  Hard to tell them apart.  #PelosiResign #CollinsResign
Crying after reading of dead sailors found in berths.  Thanks for your help with this tragedy.
First we need a complete diagnosis of how this is happening.
Will you also be speaking out against ban on #transgendertroops ? This action by the *president* is hateful and does not make us safer!
Criminal Drumpf is explolding debt for military bugt but banning the transgender & the couple million for care if vets hypocrites
U will not be Maine's governor ur a twit RINO democrat go back in ur hole
Can our vessels be moved elsewhere?
Thank you!!  How about now you discuss the fitness of POTUS to remain in office.
Obstructionist RINO... Shame on you!
Too much dependency on technology?
Is it possible that the Russians are hacking the GPS systems on these vessels? Can you investigate?
Seriously?  Didn't you get the memo?  Shut up about Russia cause the left is being caught in the Russians bed.  Seriously? 
@SenatorCollins why did you betray our @POTUS on healthcare? Will Sanctuary Cities be next?
I am very concerned with what is happening now in Oklahoma.  https://www.facebook.com/TheGospelStation/videos/10154434329520448/ …   #saveken
She may skate now but 2020 is coming. She will pay the price for selling us and our President out.
This rino is all political. She could care less   She has proved her treachery by undermining our POTUS. HER SIGHTS ARE ON 2020. No doubt.
R they using any electronically "scrambling" weaponry, which may be affecting our own ships?
Give me a big wooop
Once is an accident.  Twice is a pattern.  Thank you.  Please keep is in touch with the problem.
Terrorist attacks
what do you expect when Obama fires 200 admirals, generals & high ranking officers.
Susan Collins for President!
Only thing you care about is obstructing like your Democrat friends. You should be ashamed for not supporting the G.O.P President of the usa
Have the nav systems been hacked?
Well aren't you a flipping genius
Very touching!!! Good show of sympathy.... but could not vote to improve healthcare for millions of Americans!!! No teamwork huh???
Well you sure don't act on any thing else
@foxnewspecialists. Really, You bring Hillary into a comparison to Trump?  I just can't take the women seriously
It's a joke that we rely on you
You must act! O'care is tragic
8 years of Obama cuts and loss of training. What part don't you understand
How much time do you have as a Naval surface warfare officer? What precisely are your "deep concerns?" Citizens want to know
What i want to know is what part of India did Harris mom come from? Is she Muslim? Pakistan, Bangladesh. No records anywhere.
Miss Collins, please step resign, your words on any matter are NOT respected. You are a disgrace to your party.
has to be some kind of interference
My son serves in Navy and they are focused on fixing things that should be shipyard work instead of doing their required jobs. 20 hour days
Nice tweet. U noticed that other than it being "too bad", your president hasn't addressed this tragedy? Too busy insulting other Americans.
You are a disaster as a senator and hope you r voted out even if a demo wins bc they couldn't be any worse then u!! Sad sad sad!
The Zummwhat, is able to have a radar signature of a medium size lobster boat.  In a high traffic area, to sail as that is human error.
What is going on. Don't they have sonar or radar. I think Trump is trying to cripple our military so he can look like he is saving us.
love your concern, but please have some for the republican party, and the people that voted for you. Your no vote has not been forgotten
Not just 'tragic' but unacceptable. Mothers, Fathers, Children, Brothers and Sisters lost their loved ones and it's not even a fucking war!
Why don't you prevent it by getting out of politics
@SenatorCollins is one of the ONLY @GOP who CARES ABOUT THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA & the people!  Thank you, Senator Collins, for caring!!
10 dead...investigation?
Hillary was blamed for 4 dead in #Benghazi 
#Congress spent millions investigating her
#doublestandards
That is a hilarious conflation. Benghazi was a known attack and HRC had been told more than a dozen times security was weak. Huge difference
Yes and the republican congress and senate cut the funding to support services at the embassies. So what's your point?
State Department had hundreds of millions at its disposal.
Source ?
State Departments 2013 budget. Smh
You are a democrat registered as a republican. Get out of our party!
Four ship collisions and helo crash, it is suspicious. It would not be above Russia or China to try a cyber attack
Answers are needed and we have to dedicate the necessary manpower to a achieve this. Also to prevent any further loss of life.
My father died in an accident on an aircraft carrier just before my 3rd birthday. Are accidental deaths honored as much as combat deaths?
Start by getting the Russian out of the White House #FakePresident #complicitGOP #RepublicansHateDemocracy #RepublicansHateAmericans
"must act to prevent accidents"   GREAT OBSERVATION SUSAN!
Two military vessels are not in service, as trump sends us to war(s)! This does not seem accidental. Four collisions in months? #resign
GPS hacking
Your not even a http://American.You  are a traitor to the suffering middle class.Your no vote will indeed vote u out.KARMA
I don't believe they r accidents
Senator, you put down the president and show your hate for him, I highly doubt you care what happens to our military.
What do u suggest Susan? More transvestites Manning our Ships!
You don't realize there is a difference between transvestites and transgender right? Either way, if they want to protect me, I'm good.
Perhaps procedures for entering and exiting ports needs a review.   Was there a steering gear issue with the McCain?  If so why out to sea?
Please reach out to sailors' families on behalf of state of Maine. The fact that POTUS was dismissive of their loss must hurt. We owe them.
He was not dismissive of their loss. That is a bold faced lie. The way liberals view things is disgusting!!
Traitor
You ever think these collisions may be intentional attacks!
Something is wrong without a doubt.
I cant believe that the sailors are at fault.  I don't think it was an accident either.  Here is why.
you are the swamp  how does anyone believe you?!
Maybe post lookouts? Just a thought.
