Thank you very much for voting NO.  Thank you for saving millions of lives.  That is why you chose to serve your state and this nation.
I WOULD NEVER LET HER TALK TO MY CHILDREN SHES A CORRUPT POLITICIAN AND IS WHAT THE SEWER MEANS.LOW LIFE CROOK PART OF THE WITCH HUNT.
RT'ing in my  medical page @HealthyYou_4US
Are there any huge unattractive kids there

Thank you on behalf of 22 million Americans!
Thank you for your courage to stand up save health care for millions. You're right to want bipartisan reforms.
Very fitting for you to be seated in a sea of blue. #RINO
Thank you all!
Thank you for standing up for these kids' ability to get health insurance when they are adults despite their pre-existing condition!!
Remember these beautiful young advocates when you vote tonight to repeal their healthcare and leave them in a preexisting death spiral..
Oh I thought those were your democrat doners.
Thank You @SenatorCollins for your No... walking heroe you are
Thank you for voting for Americans. You are brave let's work together
Donation made to @JDRF in honor of @SenatorCollins
Remember these people when you are choosing how to vote on the "Skinny" bill.
Can't wait till  your gone.
LOVE YOU SEN. SUSAN COLLINS HANG TIGHT I APPLAUD YOU FOR STAYING STRONG IN YOUR BELIEVE FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS
Join the sea of blue, Susan. Change your party registration. I think Maine will forgive you.
Luckily, the good ppl of Maine approve of the job she's doing. 80% approval.  Always wins reelection 30+pts. Votes w/GOP 70%+ of the time.
So ur ok witha senator that wantto force Obamacare down ur throat.U mustwant the government to tellu what to do. Must like being controlled
Don't let these children's future be derailed by losing access to #healthcare #VoteNo
Oh please ya instead lets teach them to beg for free shit and have taxpayers flip the bill great life lessons u libs are nuts
Thank you Senator Collins for paying attention to the important things in life!!!!!!
Thank you for voting for American people and not just party. Hard to be true but I'm happy you had the courage and ethics to do what's right
REPEAL OBAMACARE!!
Don't repeal healthcare! Think of them!
Vote no on skinny repeal!
Please remember all T1D children as you deliberate healthcare policy!
We're republicans we don't want big government healthcare go join your friend s on the left already
She votes w/the GOP north of 70% of the time. You hate her b/c she's an actual moderate voice. Luckily the ppl of Maine see that as an asset
That lady is bat shit crazy
Please continue to vote against any bill that will take healthcare away from those kids. Before ACA, I was denied coverage because of Type1.
Yes, a "DemRAT" that votes with the GOP more than 70%+ of the time.  Luckily, ppl of Maine love her.  80% job approval.
The Northeast leans heavily Marxist. Fricking Communists. Dolts on the DemRATS Nanny Welfare State Plantation. Poorly educated dolts.
Go full "blue" and switch parties, Senator!
Senator Collins has a much louder voice as a Republican
But she would fit in better with the other senile dems.
Not senile.  Not a democrat.  Very American!
Senator Collins those children's lives are in your hands! Don't give in please, please vote no
My daughter is living well with Type 1 but she needs the ACA to stay healthy. Please vote NO on healthcare "Skinny Repeal".
#NoTrumpCare
They will be even bluer if you and @gop threaten their health ins.
Sen Collins . How many will die because single payer?
Thank you for standing up against these rushed healthcare bills 
Traitor blue Obamacare disaster on you
I wish there were more like you in the Senate - compassionate legislators who fight for the most vulnerable among us. Keep Fighting!
Thank you for voting no on repeal. Please fix and improve the ACA! Say no to Trumpcare! Thank you!
Thank you so much for fighting for a cause that is so near and dear to so many! We appreciate you @JDRF_SEMich #typeonetotypenone!
what did they do before aca? Wake the hell up Collins obstructionist.
RINO! Bye bye in the primary!
sad that Trump/Republicans want to repeal ACA that protects pre-existing illnesses. Shame on anyone who votes 2 repeal children's healthcare
Blue is your color.
I'm not in your state but THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR VOTING NO! America loves your strength 
What a great picture Susan!! So many beautiful young people!!
I see white people and stupid old woman
Awesome to see such young advocates, & thank you for meeting with them. Think your colleagues are willing to face these amazing faces?
Don't you get that it is their fault for having DM?  They should have been born with better genes according to some @GOP.
BS what a fake u are !
2 bad so many of them won't have healthcare 2 take care of themselves. My family is suffering b/c of ur inability to repeal & replace. #MAGA
Repeal Obamacare
My Grandson Matthew is a Type 1 since he was 15 months old . Thank You for standing up for him . You truly have integrity.
And what did you say about them behind their backs
Thank you for standing up for good affordable Healthcare to all the children who have a chronic illness. I totally respect your efforts .
How are those children going to receive proper care throughout their lives now that your colleagues and @VP Pence voted to throw them off?
I think Wonder Woman is inspired by you, Senator? @GalGadot
Many of their families will need the subsidies that the #ACA provides to keep their health insurance.  #ACASavesLives
Thank you for your support and taking time to help my daughter ... delegate from Florida!

Thank you @senatorcollins, your wise, principled bipartisan leadership is just what this country needs to improve and protect healthcare.

Thank you @SenatorCollins for supporting Sami from ME and other kids like her. Your goal is our goal. #ProtectOurCare 
thank U @SenatorCollins for being a great #T1D advocate  @NIHFunding must continue & access to affordable #healthcare. @RoyBlunt @clairecmc
Thank you @SenatorCollins for your support of JDRF and its mission to cure diabetes!
Wonderful, more sickly American culture- teach them young, comerade
So, voting w/GOP north of 70% of the time makes her Dem at heart? Ppl of Maine see her as moderate voice..luckily they see that as an asset.
Luckily, the ppl of Maine see her moderate voice as an asset, which is why she has an 80% approval rating there & wins reelection by 30+pts.
#fakerepublicans
Nice I love this
It's time to get rid of Congress. Not sure how but they are so corrupt there must be a in case of emergency button?
U should be more worried about getting voted out next election cycle and less about trump
Her 80% approval rating in her state says the exact opposite.  She's popular because she's a moderate voice.
Just seen your hot mic. you are sick.We all can see now congress is the deep state both Democrats and republicans are one and the same.SICK!
Your No vote is appreciated by them!!
Oh, you love free handouts I see.
I heard you on tape dissing trump so WHY WON'T YOU ACT ON YOUR CONSCIENCE?
#WhySenatorCollins?
I think it is amazing that you think republicans are ugly and crazy and  not the democrats it is time you change party.
IF YOU HATE OUR PRESIDENT  SO BAD YOU HAVE TO BELITTLE HIM WHY DONT YOU STEP DOWN SND RUN AS S DEM. IT SEEMS TO ME YOU WOULD FIT RIGHT IN 
Hmm...she votes with her party more than 70% of the time. Sounds like you'd prefer that she vote w/them 0% of the time then.

Bold strategy.
No Keith my family's ins.has went from $685 a month to $1625 a month  with worse coverage. Glad you don't give a I do
How's that hot mic working out for you traitor? Good luck with your re election when the party abandons you
Considering she's got 80% job approval in Maine & usually wins reelection by 30% or more, I'd say she's got nothing to worry about.
And Donald trump was going to lose by 10 points
Thank you for your vote on BCRA.  I'm sure millions of Americans join me in saying, bless you, Senator.
Please please get to work on the agenda that got you all elected!  We are watching, and the next elections WILL drain the swamp.
I remember when conservatives mocked liberals for being offended over use of words.  My how times change.
I don't think Conservatives ever supported dumpy old broads calling other people fat and unattractive
Support your president and party
Thank you for your courage!
Good job with that hot mike sue .  ..u really have to feel like a million bucks today .....why don't u switch parties?....
She votes w/GOP well north of 70% of the time.  You'd prefer she switch parties & vote GOP 0% of the time? 

Bold strategy.
We got your back on Health Care!  Thank you for doing what is correct vs. politically expedient.
It is amazing how you condemn someone on looks , you can make monster cookies with your face
fight for them and the rest of the Americans reform ACA
Did you call those kids fat & huge too? Do they measure up to your vision of the perfect weight & perfect looks? You should be ashamed.
Oh but it was fine for a guy to challenge her to a duel..I remember when conservatives used to laugh at libs for getting upset at mere words
Look at the wonderful see of RED VOTERS u betrayed by voting against repealing/replacing Obamacare. That RED SEA will now VOTE U OUT.
Hope you didn't call any of them ugly because they are absolutely beautiful
Look at all those liberals kissing your behind for saving the worthless Obamacare they know you are one of them.
May you never have a child with a pre-existing condition. It's not about Obamacare or Trumpcare.  It's providing care for people in need.
This woman missed her calling as a camp counselor because she sucks as a U.S. Senator.  What's with Maine voters?
She's always been moderate. Perhaps Maine voters see her moderate voice as an asset. She has 80% approval rating & wins reelection by 30+pts
U should just change parties. Your views are more In line with Libs.
She votes w/GOP 70%+ of the time.
She's pro Planned Parenthood. And constantly snarks and sides with democrats. Rino
I don't know that I have ever followed the career of someone who behaves with such dramatic contrast between nice and nasty. Lovely welcome!
Can they have your insurance coverage?? Phony!!
Really. How about u fix the healthcare debacle. That's what u would do if u really cared about them.
Thank you for your courage and compassion, Senator Collins, in ensuring that millions of us who are sick and ailing will keep our coverage
A fake republican that votes with the party well north of 70% of the time.
No cuts to coverage, no premium increases. Medicaid for all, sliding  scale. The only acceptable vote is NO. Stand up for healthcare.
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator. My daughter's life & lives of these kids with T1D depend on ACA protection of pre-existing conditions
Hat's off to you Senator.  Sometimes it takes a REAL WOMAN to do a FAKE MAN'S job.  Continue to do the right thing 4 Americans.
If yesterday was any indication - then continue to give them HC that will allow them to live!
I bet any number of those kids could run circles around POTUS on their knowledge of the healthcare system in USA
You're not very smart, are you?
Oh no, please mansplain to me how dumb I am.
Repeal NotAffordableHealthcareAct. Do your job as promised.
Thank you for standing strong for healthcare for all and women in particular! Hang in there. Got your back.
OK...BOT.
Thank you @SenatorCollins for your words this morning!
Geez Collins hope you told them if they gain weight you will be out there for them, slamming them and calling them FAT & UGLY.
I remember a time when conservatives used to mock liberals over their outrage over words.
You are not a nice lady
I bet they were proud of your stand against bad policy making on health care! Stay strong, we're with you on this. #KillTheBill
Stay strong on healthcare? Obamacare is a joke. My premiums quadruple & I have far less coverage. She votes 4 THAT & u think that's strong?
I'm sorry we all heard what you said in the Hit mic    Please leave the GOP we don't need your insults to everyone who voted and like Trump
You would not know a leader .
Ur a dem who infiltrated the Republican party ur a fraud whos helping the dems collapse the health care system so they can have single payer
Sen.Collins PLEASE open UR eyes WE THE PEOPLE chose Trump, so get on board or WE THE PEOPLE  will remove you!
You people just can't choose a leader .
YOU WON'T HAVE YOUR SEQT YOUR NEXT ELECTION "I'M WORRIED " YOU ARE NO LONGER ABLE TO DO YOUR JOB! YOU PEICE OF 
*SEAT
Socialism is great until you run out of other people's money.
Thank you for your no vote yesterday!
She votes with GOP north of 70% of the time.  How is that siding with democrats?  Luckily, the ppl of Maine give her 80% job approval rating
How DARE YOU GO THERE WITH THE @POTUS POTUS YOU NEED TO BE REPLACED YOU ARE A STAIN ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY YOU BIG RINO
pls help them take care of their health by not destroying health care
And you want their families to pay out big bucks for obamacare
Hope you're doing everything you can to protect their health care!
why isnt this dummy collins called out for making fun of someone's appearance. if it was trump, msm would be talking about it for weeks. lol
Keep their needs in mind as you continue to fight. We appreciate u
U would look beautiful in Blue also- blue as in Democrat!!!!! SWITCH!!!!!
Thank you Senator Collins CHILDREN struggle with invisible diseases for a lifetime 70+ yrs #Type1diabetes #juvenilerheumatoidarthritis 
Thankfully you didn't call THEM fat and unattractive. Like YOU have any room to talk about someone's looks.
My husband has type 1 cant get individual insurance through ocare bec the deductible is 10,000 dollars&premium is 800/mo. u guys r clueless
type 1 diabetes is a pre-existing condition. Vote against the Rep health care bill so that these kids can keep their insurance.
GET OUT OF MY PARTY NOW!!! LYING RINO!
Beautiful faces!
Luckily, the good ppl of Maine disagree.  She has 80% job approval & wins reeelction by 30+pts constantly.  

It's "You're", BTW.
My former Maine senator and current PA senator.  2 people integrity @SenBobCasey thank you
Time to switch to Dems or retire. U have betrayed America.
You are right, she should murder all children who have type1 diabetes and whose parents aren't wealthy. That is literally what you want. 
All those beautiful people need ACA to ensure affordable coverage w pre-existing conditions. Thanks for standing w them!
How do you know Trump care won't be cheaper
Can you bring them to Senator Heller's office?
Shes always been moderate, that's why she has 80% approval w/her constituents, always wins reelection by 30pts. Votes w/GOP 70%+ of the time
Please DO NOT LET the president anywhere near them.
above all, DO NOT LET them make decisions for themselves!
Bless your integrity senator, Americans are starting to wonder if there is any left in government!
After seeing her vote against even having a debate about Obamacare, the answer is this: she has no integrity. She's a sellout. Period.
No she's doing what 80% of nation wants ffs
Exactly.  She's got an 80% approval rating in Maine precisely because she's a moderate voice in the senate. These ppl attacking her are nuts
Thank you Senator for standing up to fascist bullies. History will look upon you fondly for your service.
That is also a sea of "pre-existing condition" to some!  Please keep fighting for those kids and others.
So sorry for your loss.
As a #type1diabetes and a physician, I want to thank you for all you do.  Keep fighting for those of us in the middle
You Senator serve in a body of the majority due to Americans want Obamacare Repealed & Replaced. We must get this done.
You better check what 'majority' means, because the ACA works when GOP states and orange bullies let it work. THANK YOU SUSAN!
Hey Sammy, the GOP has majorities in the US Senate, House , along with presidency and were elected to Repeal & Replace failing Obamacare.
@FrankRamblings one more reason to love her.
Please repeal Obamacare now!
