Coming up: @SenatorCollins 
Great show for you Suzie. Please Do the @GOP and @SenateGOP a favor and switch parties.  You'll feel so much more comfortable!    #RinosOUT
Maybe she will run for Pres.  FINGERS CROSSED!!! That will ensure President Trump's second term... maybe as much as if HC runs again. 
She’s not going to run again. We have new blood now. Eric Garcetti and Kamala Harris. They will run as a Prez/VP team & kick Trump’s ass.
Yes.  They may get 100% of the vote in California. Probably win the US popular vote by several million.  But Trump wins Electoral College
I’ll be listening Sen Collins. Although I’d love to see as Maine’s Governor, I’m glad you will stay in the Senate. We all need you.
45 is a disgusting, vile, egregious LIAR. GOP stand by him and must wash the blood from their hands as he destroys America #impeach45now
No crack smoking here; just intelligent and continuing to resist the PREDATOR in chief. #standupspeakout #resist #impeach45
Thank you for staying in the US Senate we need you! 
We do need sane Republicans willing to work across the aisle
You know all of us Dems live you for your sound judgement and sensibility!  You are so needed right now and in the future.  
Amazing how you feel that earning liberal praise somehow gives you mortal authority, when they have no morals. What does that say about you?
Mortal authority? one things for sure, even if 45 doesn't get impeached, he will burn for eternity in hell. Amen.
So will obama and killary
Hope Senator Collins will stand up to the LIAR. The GOP need to remember what INTEGRITY HONOR & CONSCIENCE are. #Impeach45 #45lies
You are an embarrassment to the rublicans. Switch parties or how about switch your insurance to obummercare!! #youarepartoftheswamp!!!!
Thank you for staying in the Senate!
Tell me exactly how YOU will benefit from the Trump agenda? I may on tax cuts maybe $2k, lose on healthcare & environment
On Who?
Thank you
I would not waste my time on that show
No, Obamacare subsidies for insurance cos. were not appropriated by Congress & ruled illegal. Windfall for insurance cos. must stop.
FOX is smart enough to not want the RINO Collins. You can have her FAKE NEWS
So true. I sure as hell will not vote for her again. She has turned so liberal and libs are destrying this nation.
Your an embarrassment the state of Maine. People watch this is all about her running for President in 2020 No doubt about it.
The senator failed to work on healthcare for 8 years. Most of country paying PREMS  and deducts too high to use insur. She gets big subsidy.
So you're a liberal, kissing butt on liberal TV. Not surprising. What the people are tired of, Senator, is your brand of feckless abstinence
Just watched your segment on Morning Joe. You always bring reason and stability to the conversation. Thank you for your service!
Why a liberal show? Why not go to FOX news. I would love to see u on Hannity.
Your comments on healthcare have been proven wrong. Your staff feeding bad information. Being in MSNBC shows your true colors. In the slime
Maybe before you do that you can get your facts straight re: healthcare subsidies... it is illegal for the president to appropriate that $
Are you really OK with slashing Medicare? How does this protect Seniors in Maine and US?

https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/9/29/16387518/senate-republicans-budget-cut-medicare …
You are a RINO like McCain.. why don't you switch parties? Stop faking that you are a conservative.
Your part of the swamp!  You need to go!!
How r u 4 women. U r willing to believe the actresses bout weinstein but not the women against @POTUS I guess not high end enough for u huh
You are a Traitor to the American people. #shameful #voteherout
Almost all the tax cuts are only for the very rich.  Many middle class people will see a tax hike.
I'm hoping since the tax cuts for the rich have to be paid for by cutting Medicare, Medicaid, and increase the debt, you won't vote for it.

Please Senator Collins the time is now to invoke impeachment documents on Trump! He is a danger to our country & people
Sen Collins you were wonderful on Kasie DC. I admire your toughness, integrity, compassion, realness. Thank you for your principled stands.
still hanging with the far left?
We can't afford Obamacare. $900/mnth plus 12k deductible. You're not helping the middle class or small business. Won't be voting for you agn

You should switch to the Jack-Ass party, I believe that's what's slang for a donkey!!! FAKE REPUBLICAN
Perhaps helping Puerto Rico, funding CHIP, healthcare is a better use of $$$ instead of $5 TRILLIon in TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES
Susan Collins are you ok with budget cutting $5 Trillion in benefits including healthcare to offset $5 Trillion in TAX CUTS to BILLIONAIRES?
Interesting how all the traitor "Republican " senators go on #fakenews, like MSNBC, CNN & Morning Joe. We will root you all out next vote!
I went outside and burned ants with a magnifying glass. Sorry..
Ask Kansas how badly tax cuts 4 the rich crashed their economy. Look to MN who raised taxes on wealthy and economy rebounded. Vote no
YES.
Sen.Collins, I don't live in Maine,  but I support & admire you.Thank U 4 standing up 4healthcare & speaking up on other important issues.
Hopefully you will announce leaving the GOP and caucusing with the democrats
you have nerve to go on this fake news network
Go away. You are worthless swamp dweller
So you are switching parties.
Hi nyuk. Spambot.
How come we are not surprised Maddow will be next as my mom always said a wolf in sheep's clothing!
You & Morning Joe there's 2 matching bookends. Ones senile ones just plan crazy. Can you figure out which matches who? Re-Tweet If you agree
VOTE HER OUT.... RINO!
Good luck doing that from california. Lol
This Mainer supports @SenatorCollins, one of the few GOP pols to continue representing her constituents, instead of kissing 45's ass. #ITMFA
As a Dem, I thank you, Senator for staying in the fray! We all need and value your work.
Two liars!
CONSERVATIVES HATE MORNING JOE YOU'RE NOT A CONSERVATIVE SO YOU DON'T HAVE A CLUE.
Thank u #SenCollins for staying to protect our DEMOCRACY in Washington 
WHY DON'T YOU FOLLOW SUIT AND LEAVE THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
Ever heard of the Constitution?  A Federal Judge already ruled the Insurance Subsidies were Unconstitutional. You want Trump to violate it?
MSNBC, why are you hitting all the LEFTist TV shows?
And so OFTEN

You're a LAZY RINO, never getting anything done except LEFTist TV shows
This is why Bannon wants to weed out the Republicans that are not doing nothing. They’re too busy on Liberal minded media & helping the Dems
I don't blame Maine for not wanting you as Governor...your days may be numbered as Senator too, with the help of GOD !
EXACTLY WHERE YOU BELONG... WITH JOE & MIKA! Maybe you can join him in leaving the GOP! TAKE JOHN MCCAIN, MURKOWSKI, DEAN HELLER WITH YOU!!!
You go on MSNBC and CNN. You are going to need a job soon. You are a RINO, not because you are a woman. You just lied to your constituents.
Yay! Keep fighting for your constituents and speaking out!
You're not in the middle as you claim. You're so far Left you're ready to fall into the ocean. Traitor!
If you think she's a lefty you must be a big fan of Benito Mussolini
But MSNBC is a Liberal network? You're suppose to be a Republican. People are not tired of Bannon they are tired of people like you/McCain.
Hope your ready for retirement!
The people are going to vote you OUT in 2018 & TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK FROM SELF SERVING PEOPLE LIKE YOU
I'd like to personally thank you for your courage, for speaking up, putting country b4 party as well as knowing we ALL are your constituents
Agree with this statement so much!  Wish we had a senator in Kansas like you!
Susan Collins afraid to go on fox. She's a fake republican like Joe
If U worked as hard in the senate supporting @POTUS as U do getting facetime on camera a lot more would've been accomplished. Work or Retire
Jerk!
Aren't you suppose to be doing things for your state instead you spend all this time patting yourself on the back on Twitter.
You had better get on the TRUMP TRAIN or you are done for! You are a fake news liberal! Steve Bannon owns you now so get right! MAGA!
Yes with all the other Democrats
Good place for you. @Morning_Joe and you are both Republicans in name only! You should feel right at home there!
Does anyone notice how Collins always goes on the liberal MSM shows, but not the others?  Apparently her Dem views are welcomed there.
You are a lefty dimme- be honest and do the right thing- switch parties chameleon
Morning Joe? No wonder you are such a Debbie Downer.
Of course the audience for Morning Joe and MSNBC (the voice of the Democrat party) as small as it is will love you. You could be a regular!
Tell them how outraged you are that the top 5 health insurance companies can't make $10B profits from taxpayers anymore. #WhoDoYouWorkFor
Some day ur going to need the government to do something in your interests. I hope you’re thwarted at every turn for stopping skinny repeal.
Hanging with the Trump haters talkin' blame trump instead of congress doing their job #termilimts
Don't bother Susan. You are a disappointment to the party. You are obstructing and i wonder what the payoff to you is.
Never #rino
Only doing interviews with Fake news outlets, what's up with that? I want to see you on Sean Hannity.
Excellent segment ma'am!
@Senator Collins: Of course you would be on Morning Joe. You are a liberal democrat and have signed on to their agenda.
So I see you are not running for Gov.  Of Maine. Maybe you are not as popular as you think you are.
What is wrong with you ?
10/ For us IT's more than Politics. It's about a corrupt system you choose to be a part of and keep silent. No different than HOLLYWOOD.
9/ But you and others remain silent. NONE OF YOU keep your word But the non politicians who is You all are trying to take down
8/ YOU no there is no RUSSIAN Collusion with DJT. YOU all know HRC, DNC, FBI and John McCain are involved in the fake Dossier on DJT.
7/ To go make a decision to go after a person to destroy them and  their family and small children is WRONG. BUT as a Senator that ok today?
6/ YOU and others from the START forced DJT to defend himself against DIRTY POLITICIANS trying to stop him in every way even his family
5/ We did/do not any MORE POLITICIANS. Our country want founded on politicians it was working people who wanted something better. Like NOW!
America is lucky to have the Senator!
Take a long walk off a short pier!
4/ Have you spoken to POTUS privately about any of your concerns?  Why do you think you know better the then voters who elected POTUS.
3/ Why because someone is not a smooth talker a sayblike it is person makes them wrong and you right Y'all why has not worked
You are a great role model for all women!
Thanks for staying in the Senate. It needs your voice so much!
You were amazing! Love your reasoned and measured approach as well as your willingness to work across the aisle!
2/ We are suppose to be a free nation But when the people choose a man who is a businessman NOT political YOU all pounce like a vulture.
1/ Susan What gives the Political Elite & Media the right & Power to destroy a person any person because they choose to serve this country
WHY DO YOU HATE OUR COUNTRY SO MUCH? YOU ARE OK WITH WHAT YOU ARE DOINIG BUT YOU JUDGE POTUS BECAUSE YOUR WORDS ARE NICER?
Good show Senator Collins
Collins, murkowski, McCain got to go!
Obstructionist
Please ask Sen Collins if she would consider switching parties. She’s way too reasonable for the current Rep party, seems to me.
RINO!
Interesting that you are never in @FoxNews  —???
Keep up the fight for a better America.  Many poor and the less fortunate are counting on you.
Susan, become an Independent. You know the people of the great state of Maine would re-elect you if you did.
Can't get on real news Network or they just didn't ask, shocking bad luck in 2018@novotesforCollins
Bla, bla, bla, no one tunes into those hatefilled stations any more, all lies. Self serving rino
No thanks
You are my hero!
I'll take a knee RINO, pathetic
Who’s payroll are you on? Which lobbyist are paying you to betray the republicans????
Love Susan Collins!
You ran on repeal and replace. You LIED. Simple. Sick of your old tired face with your bad teeth, catering to democrats and liberals.  #MAGA
Nice to see how you made all the rounds to the liberal media programs. U need to become a Republican who Represents conservative voters
Why? Everyone knows how you feel, you hate all things Trump, think govt knows better than citizens and you are a liberal posing as a R
OMG that was a  excellent interview .  You deserve the praises that Joe and Mika gave you !!!
I am not from Maine but I admire you @SenatorCollins for your courage & strength to stand up for what you believe in! Your voice is needed.
@SenatorCollins - a Globalist posing as a US Senator
On a "show" that believes their job is to tell #WeThePeople  What to Think-
No Thanks.
#MORON
You are a hero. Thanks for staying.
Can you ask him why he backed Don so strongly in primary season and now acts like he wasn't Don's biggest fan? Ratings over country for Joe.
Appealing to the left, again!!
Thank you Sen. Collins for your selfless choice.
I am not from Maine, but I am so grateful to see Senator Collins fighting for Americans, especially on healthcare. We need more like her.
She is great. She and Olympia Snow are the Rs I ever voted for.
Senator Collins undocumented Democrat unmasking herself on fake news station. Maine, we need vote her out.
Bot alert
Why do people think this a valid defense? People who say this have been brain washed with their Pavlovian response. It's says I can't think
You sound like a bot. Use proper English and substantiate yr remarks
Collins votes with democrats more than indepemdents. https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/susan_collins/300025 …
watching now & am thankful you are staying in the Senate! Now, how about using your courage to fight to save our democracy? #ImpeachTrump
Bipartisan Republican and Democrat REPRESENTING all Americans, the poor the sick the injured the widows and children, not just the rich.
Of course, liberals gravitate towards it
Whew... thanks... tuned in just in time !!!
Thank you Senator, 4 remaining where you are, fighting the good fight. History will be kind 2 you. You r on right side in these bleak times
I agree with you on that. I'm glad she's staying.
Thank you for staying a senator.  Our country needs more senators that understand the value of bipartsan cooperation. Keep fighting for us!
I hope you actually speak the truth regarding ACA law, it's been failing for the pass two yr! Stop ACA
as you can see WITH cost sharing my policy went from 67.00 to over 500.00. Stop supporting ACA
I can't afford 500 a month for insurance Senate Collins so STOP giving these insurance co big $$$$$$$$
You and Senator King are awesome. Thank you for your courage. I’ll be watching.
She is doing her best to bring back some decency to the Republican party! Thank you @SenatorCollins 4 showing you care, all is not lost!
Further proof that Collins is not a republican but a liberal in disguise
She is McCain's sister .... obstructionist.
And a joke
To announce you really are a democrat? What a joke
Try independent thinker
Dependant u mean
A "Republican" that only does interviews on MSNBC
I love you, thank you for standing up for what’s right, not towing the party line....
Of course u do, all libs and Dems love her sabotage...
Too early to hear that bumbling voice of yours
Why go on the conspiracy theory driven, nutjob run "news" station?
No thanks go back to Maine and Retire.
