Worst of many. Civilians don't need automatic weapons & if you're sincere you need to lobby for a change in law.
Thank you sen.Collins
Agreed! Please, please sponsor and support legislation to ban auto and semi auto weapons, silencers and tools to make weapons automatic.
Why are you on Jimmy Kimmel's wall of shame?
Time to immediately outlaw bump stocks. Then pass more strict gun laws. 33,000 Americans per year are killed by guns.
#GunControlNow
Where's the gun bill, Senator?  Where?
Pray all you want but it's action we require & demand! No more stalling sir. We need common sense gun control legislation NOW!!
And now you can show your extraordinary bravery. Vote NO on the #shareact. You are in the Senate Majority, we are all your constituents.
Your words are hollow. If you really care, then change your disgraceful voting record on gun control.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!!!
Sen. Collins, please use your influence and voice to push for tougher gun control laws. Mass shootings have become norm like craziness in WH
Do something about it. Ban assault weapons enact stricter gun laws. #oulaw silencers
Assualt weapons are already illegal. Just so you know and AR isn't an assault gun. Get a clue
Gun manufacturer's own ads  for assault  rifles. Automatic weapons r illegal.  Assault  weapons are legal and can be modifed, You get a clue
Nice ass half picture. AR means armalite. Dumbass
...and for goodness sakes, make widespread background checks automated. It's the least our lawmakers can do.
They did, those first responders, they showed extraordinary bravery. Will you? Please do the right thing. Thank you
Gun control?
And we can't say the same about members of Congress.   Making the hard decisions, showing extraordinary bravery, leadership, and political courage would be something remarkable to see in Congress.
These 27 Top Shrinks Think Trump Might Be Nuts http://thebea.st/2x9VGmd?source=twitter&via=desktop … via @thedailybeast
Gun reform now!!
Did you hear that people in hospitals may depend on go fund me to help pay for their medical bills? It's just not right.
Stop tweeting about it and do something! Have a backbone against the NRA for once in your political life! Shame on you!!!
The NRA has shaped America into a cruel, dark and unsafe country. Stop supporting them. Stop taking their blood money. Fight for us please.
The gun control law idea is such a lazy approach. Deters nothing, see Chicago.Better monitoring of people of interest by law enforcement
Can we please have gun control now
And you voted against Feinstein's 2013 assault ban.  You have blood on your hands.
Not if you ask Native Americans. Other races matter Susan. We matter.
One of my favorite things about being a Maine constituent is knowing I have a brave Senator who crosses the aisle. Cross please, ideally now
PLEASE do something about it. Make a step toward gun control. This shouldn't happen.
#GunControlNow
this is nice, but what's our plan of action??? #gunsensenow #nottoosoon
Self serving hypocrite.
As did visiting police officers, EMTs, firemen, Drs, stage hands, performers, concert goers and so many more. We need to come together more.
I have to support those who call for sensible gun restrictions. Please vote against silencers, support laws that ban bump stocks.
It is time The Repblican party gets on board and stop this!!  No Ammendment gives you the right to bear an Arsenal!!  Has to stop!!!
But you took 9,900 from the NRA...
Horrific?
You took $9,900 from #NRA to ensure lax gun laws.
You are #Complicit in #LasVegasMassacre
Horrific act of violence in Las Vegas.  Worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history.  First responders showed extraordinary bravery.
First responders showed bravery And congress continues to show zero bravery
We are begging you, please change the laws. Don't allow the silencer legislation. Be the leader we need. #guncontrolnow
Now it’s leaderships turn to show same. It’s sensible and logical to limit sales of guns to civilians that fire 400 to 800 rounds a minute.
a mass shooting that you helped create. How about we change our gun laws? #enough
Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get. VOTE NO and #GunControlNow !
how much money does the NRA pay you?
Why don't you show some bravery yourself and stand up to the NRA and do something so this doesn't happen yet again! Please.
Yes, horrific! Now, work for gun control and vote NO on gun silencers being made available! #GunControlNow
Gun control. Now.
stop with the bs and pass common sense gun laws. show some courage
And...? What do you plan to do about it? Blood on your hands. http://www.ontheissues.org/Domestic/Susan_Collins_Gun_Control.htm … #FollowTheMoney
