she's a traitorrrrrrrrrr
No, she's a patriot. Country over party!
Hmmm, Im country over party & still wish YOU & all the people who hate people like me, good healthcare & no insurance bailouts!
Wait until you lose your ins. And have a pre-existing condition. But you are probably a Bot anyway.
Guess what? my ins. co. dipped last year. my bestie is paying her moms insur. @ $1500./mo & what isnt covered. WE ALL have a P.E.
unless u make under $1500.00 a month you wont get care under obamacare! I have a face on my bio, u dont, so who might be a bot?
When you go to vote remember that the DEMS had 7 yrs to try and fix Obamacare.  The GOP made a promise to repeal for 7 yrs. Both did NOTHING
BS. Republicans controlled the house for 6 years. Republicans sabotaged ACA. @marcorubio purposely in 2015 causing costs to increase

This senator is a traitor to the american will, we asked for change, for repeal of obamacare, and she went against the people.  Vote her out
More people voted democrat. She knew people would be hurt by republican death plan
Worthless argument.  ACA is a failed experiment and doing greater damage to healthcare.  She had 7 years to fix it and did nothing
Thank you for your self-service Susan Collins and go on some more liberal news shows to feel better about yourself
She's a fool she thinks all the Libs thanking her will vote 4 her. They will vote Dem in a heartbeat once the time comes 
Senator Collins, you screwed the American people and I will do everything in my power to ensure you are not re-elected! Disgrace. #repeal
Ur a legend in your mind Susan
All your personal publicity doesn't mean a damn thing. What counts is you job and We the People. You are not doing your job.  Get out.
Interesting: a TRAITOR to her party parading around veterans. Sick.
The ACA in it's current form is killing my daughter,it needs to be repealed and a better plan submitted.Republicans need to stick together?
She's not Rep she's a RINO. Her job is make the Rep party not live up to its promises. Vote a Dem over her at least u know where they stand
Bipartisan support for sure. God bless our veterans!
Senator I want to tell you thank you for voting no on the health bill my son has Autism he would not be able to talk if there was no ACA
Exactly What is wrong with our governmental laws & politicians that someone who is obviously mentally unstable is allowed to stay in office?
GO to where2 you belong traitor
You can do that but you can't fix health care, thanks a lot
Your support for #PlannedParenthood sacrifices #300kSouls every year and stabs #GOP in the back. #Ironic you use and support #PurpleHeart
Stop worrying what YOU did, stop the Korean War now before an American gets killed. Balance the Budget, those are the important matters.
Trader
Sp error. Traitor, but she's not.
@POtuS enabler @senatorcollins honors those who defended our country against nazi #nationalism. 
#Dirigo #shameonSue
#Charlottesville
What a beautiful moment, thank you!

I find this so disturbing, the main reason it is so disturbing is the comnplete silence from the Republican Party
Did you apologize for voting for the illegal Iraq War based on lies, and making so many more Purple Hearts? #mepolitics
The anti war people love Collins. @shennabellows, who wasn't trying to win, didn't even ask her to apologize for Iraq. #mepolitics #phony
I don't know what part of ACA is collapsing some don't understand! Collins is a traitor to the GOP and needs to go!!!
Thank you Susan Collins
U make me sick. PP is nothing more than a abortion clinic. That's how they make their money. #TuckerCarlsonTonight . U lied to all !
She will be voted out. All that thanked her will vote a Dem in her place bc they are Dems. I'm Rep & would rather a Dem than a RINO
NO No don't say that...we need a good republican in her place....If not Trump will be in trouble!
I'd rather a real Rep but RINOs are dangerous. They count as a Rep head yet vote against their policies making the party appear a failure
Very nice Ms Collins
No forgiveness.  Abortion can be covered by grants and private funding.  Planned PH provides no other services.
Thank you. This is a great idea.
Traitor to her constituents!

Promised repeal of Obamacare!

Liar?
I have been a Mainer all my life, and a democrat. Susan Collins, you run for governor of Maine and you have my vote!!!!

1
Ummm she is a Democrat
You own Obamacare which is a loser that will hurt all Americans! You need to fix it! All talk no action! Unconscionable and unacceptable
Collins marches while the Middle Class Struggle to pay their Obamacare Premiums and Deductibles! She turns her back on the Middle Class!
Wow a tough Marine your grandpop was!  Nice tribute
Purple Heart veterans are loved by us all, you on the other hand need to go away and take your friends the Clintons with you!
LOL. Picture from old campaign ad. Geez, Susan, how about a Town Hall so we can talk about repeal of ACA, Yes, we all love our veterans.
Susan can hardly talk without her Power Beads on. She just Mumbles and goes along with Max Maxine wants!!!!
You are nothing but a phony, a liar. You need to go sit on the Democrat side where you belong!! You won't have that seat much longer!!  Lol
Seems ridiculous that this isn't already in existence
My grandfather was awarded a ww2 purple heart, he was hit with shrapnel. He was also my personal hero.
Rino
Maybe you can stop by and pray for the aborted
Grow up and defundpp
Draft dodger trump an embarrassment.
never mind photo oops do your job and stop supporting planned parenthood
way to get in there and take one for the team
This is what heroes look like!
Thank you! My father has a Purple Heart from injuries sustained in the Korean War.
Wow you actually did 1 GOID thing and a million bad things,VOTE HER OUT OF OFFICE
@POTUS Now do for Healthcare what you have done for our Purple Hearts. @realDonaldTrump is still on the job.
Do some real work.
Boy would it be nice for you to your job, make your sacrifices for the state of maine, country of the UNITED STATES!
Work on your plan for work class healthcare when? u have had 7 years!!!
We will vote you out!  Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance supplement
I heard your off mic conversation Sen Collins, your a phony!
Traitor
Let's thank those people in Uniform.
Is it true the PNSY has been moved up on the Base Closurers list?
When are you going to start to be a Senator and support you President. Just what the hell is wrong with you PUBS. OMG.
THANK YOU for YOUR service as well! I'm a Dem and have immense respect for your independence & integrity. 
So sad! She owns Obamacare which is a loser that will harm all Americans!!!
Wow. Such an accomplishment. You should be so proud. Not like you fixed the healthcare crisis or anything.

Thank you! It's so important that we honor the true heroes of our country.
I hear Hillary gave you an awesome engagement party. RHINO
You voted to take away veteran's health benefits. America won't forget
Ms. Collins have you looked up "Planned Parenthood political contributions" yet? Hopefully you'll find alternative organization to support.
You sacrificed making our health care GREAT AGAIN!  Thanks for that!
Wrong! She owns Obamacare which is a loser! It will harm all Americans
Now this is what expect from our best Senators. Well done
You have no heart or scruples. You can't pass hcare. Maine??? Vote her out.
She is anti Trump and we need to vote her out soon.

Imagine if you put some of that "hardwork"  towards health care instead of just standing in the way like an idiot!
Well said. She needs to go.. anyone can do nothing.
True dat!
Please Free SSG Bales prosecution flew known Terrorists into country on Civilian airlines to testify against him Appeals case Tues
now that is an old, old picture, gotta date back to the early 2000s. How about a recent one with no makeup?
Change parties, you are not a republican
that good .. But what are you doing about the failing Obamacare?
After you turned your back on the Republican Party, now you want to recognize Purple Heart day for your flaws for support of the RP
A-H!
PATRIOTIC GRANDSTANDING does not cause voters to forget your betrayal of US, GOP in Obamanation debacle! Quisling! Traitor! SHEEP CLAD Dem!
Susie. don't pretend to care about this country. You are a traitor and when voting times comes. you are out.
And this includes the vital men and women who serve in our Reserve and National Guard. Part of our, "Total Force" military.
2018 is coming around the corner. Supafast... gonna lose your seat to a real republican
One attaboy (girl) doesn't make up for a big ole

oh s***
Mrs RINO thank you but NO thanks. Not from you.
Yes indeed! Thank you!
Full Repeal #Obamacare as it's increased mortality for the sick poor.
False! Pants on Fire!
And once u understand the math, u'll want Senator Collins out of the Senate faster than I do
#SwitchPartiesSusan
