Please announce that you are a NO vote! Thank you!
Have you even read the new bill?
Yes, along with the American Medican Association, March of Dimes, Insurers & independent Med groups that agree (& usually don't). Have you?
*American Medical Association
Here is what a few major ones like AARP, Am Cancer Soc, Child Hospitals, OBGYN
Here is a list of conservative groups that oppose the bill before you go all "liberal snokflakes" on me
I wasn't going to, but its giving power to states is the way to go.
I love that Devon gave Cody all these orgs against this bill, and all he comes up with is "pOWeR tO StAtEs!"
The next step is socialized health care. Where the goverment runs the show and gets to pick who receives care. Check it out at Togus. Chump!
My senator doesn't care about my disabled child. He only cares about $$$. Please stand for us since our rep won't! Vote NO on repeal! Thx!
Thank u senator for ur no vote.
Just let Obama care implode. These so called republicans need to get their head out, unite & do something.  It's crazy
Sorry, have U not heard CNN's reputation? Preaching 2 the choir, Senator? Not this choir; abortion is wrong & U know it. RINO comes to mind
Please vote yes - Americans want good healthcare that can be chosen by the states.
Traitor. Disgusting
why don't you just tell everyone you are really a democrate and stop this charade?
Please do not get "bribed" by the latest healthcare mess!
Why aren't you speaking to Fox News?  Are you afraid they might ask you a tough question and maybe challenge your reasoning?
Americans are counting on change! States making their own decisions is the ONLY way to do this!  You must vote YES for all Americans.
Please stop pretending you're a Republican. Your agenda is left of center
Thank you Senator for voting NO!!
Of course you are #RINO
you are destroying our party
For wat !! Go back to work. ...Obama care supporter. Traitor
Sen Collins do be bought by Trumps promises be true to yourself and all of us counting on you vote NO on the healthcare bill
Please say no to Graham Cassidy.
Not only has Collins not read the bill, I question whether she can even read. Some intern/lackey will fill in the blanks with their opinion
Thank you for standing up for people over party!
You are not a Republican!  U need to be voted out!
My little Ezra can't walk or speak. He has epilepsy. He will die w/o healthcare/medicaid, he needs to stay with me in our home. PLZ VOTE NO!
Why don't you go on fox news where they tell the truth?
Thank you for carefully studying the bill and voting to care for the vulnerable in your state and the whole country.
Please please vote NO on graham Cassidy
Please announce your NO vote so that patients and their families have one less stress in their lives.
Please do not vote for new health care bill ! I beg u.
I hope you will take this opportunity to announce your NO vote on the disastrous "HC" bill.
The fact you'd go on that #FakeNews #CNN show says a lot! You are not a Conservative or a GOP-you are a glory hound & fraud! Disgusted w you
Sen Collins, you must not vote for the G-C bill; @PPact defunded; Medicaid taken away; Mainers will lose.  You know this bill is terrible.
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!!
Thank you for your position on HC
How about some results and less talk
Please Senator, help those that will suffer, you have the power by voting no
Just let ObamaCare care collapse so we can put the blame on the Dems where it belongs. They had 7 yrs to fix this & did nothing! @DNC @GOP
Vote no- save our care! 
Please stay strong and vote NO

We are counting you YOU
we're counting on you, that there are so few people of Sanity in Wash these days
Figures Collins who ran as a republican goes on Clintons News Network get her out of the Republican party shes a horse who bucks the agenda
No on #GrahamCassidy
Sure she will be live as she appears to be Half Dead!
PLEASE DO THE RIGHT THING!  #GrahamCassidyNO
@lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain No matter how they tweek this it is disaster for Millions. Vote NO for your citizens not YES for Rich Donors
Well said, @SenatorCollins. #GrahamCassidy destroys Medicaid & protections for pre-existing conditions. Stand strong & vote no. Thank you.
Thank you for opposing #GrahamCasiddy
Please vote NO!
You would be because you're a RINO!
Please vote no on the G/C bill proposal, fix what's wrong with the ACA. Under Senate's BCA plan deductibles could rise to 13k by 2026.
Please stand by all Americans and vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill

Schedule some time on Fox.  Most people don't listen to CNN, unless you really do not want to be heard.
Always thoughtful, measured, critically and evidence-grounded decisions. Stand strong. Vote no. US is with u.
Please vote No on yet another terrible replacement healthcare bill.
There is NO logic in Trump's saying "We must repeal Obamacare b/c we said we would." A new plan must go thru bi-partisan discussion/agreemnt
Sen Collins, please stand firm against Rep HCA. I know U R waiting for CBO score. The people of Maine need you to stand up for a Rep/Demplan
Please vote no, Senator Collins. I respect your care for your constituents.
ACA is failing you have to pass GC as the first step towards fulfilling the GOP promise to repeal and replace ACA!
HUGE BLOOD MONEY INVOLVED IN GOP REPEAL of O'care.  Needed to offset lost revenue from GOP TAX CUTS to wealthy -
Thanks for your continued thoughtfulness on repeal and replace ACA. Focus on fixing the problems. (maybe lower Medicaid eligibility to 55?)
Why the waffling? You DO understand that this constant attack on us is horrific and you MAY NOT vote doesn’t help us at all. Just say no.
Watched you on SOTU. Thank you for pointing out the many concerns with this bill and for insisting on a real bi-partisan solution. Vote NO!
Just watched yes you are a hero you are looking out for Americans Healthcare I have faith in the health committee
Vote NO
Saw you on Tapper. You're a smart woman with integrity, your reasoning for "No" vote is sound and admirable. I stand with your bravery.
Wonderful perspective given on HC Fix!
Just saw you on CNN. Please stay strong and do not vote for this healthcare bill. All of your comments resonate my concerns. Send it back.
explains why you are traitor..CNN haha soon be gone Democrat hiding as republican..Sick of the traitors..vote her out ignorant
I have so much respect for your thoughtful deliberation of the important healthcare debate. Wish other GOP senators had your integrity.
Please vote against the Graham-Cassidy abomination.
Tuned in. You have enough info to vote no. Forward to Alexander/Murray. Let's get bipartisan work back to the Senate.
Great appearance Senator! Way to represent our Maine ways and New Englanders common sense! GOP should be embarrassed!$$$ over care for 
You r my hero 4 standing up 4 our healthcare. Graham-Cassidy will bankrupt my family & kill my beloved disabled niece. Please vote no on GC.
Thank you Senator Collins for your honesty with the American people. You are truly looking out for your nation.  
Please vote no.  Americans deserve a healthcare plan that benefits them rather than harm them.
Please continue to stand up, not only for your own constituency but for the rest of American whose Senators are failing to. THANK YOU
I wouldn't wast my time on you !
Seems you have reached stardom. Fat shaming people.  Bought and paid for by Obama and Soros.  You are a disgrace to working Americans.
Whoopie !
Please vote no!
Please say NO  to the health care bill!! Your constituents are counting on you!!
https://twitter.com/oceansolitudeme/status/911980165923778565 …
Please continue to stand up to protect our health care! We need your voice and NO vote!
Medicaid was expanded under Obama to people that didn't deserve it. Collins is a Dem   Pure and simple
No thanks RINO!
US healthcare sys being dismantled by obcare for 6 yrs. u oppose every effort to begin long process to undo the damage. WHERE IS YOUR PLAN?
THIS IS WORSE THAN THE SKINNY REPEAL AND YOU VOTED NO ON THAT.  DON'T LET THE GOP BULLY OR BRIBE YOU, HAVE INTEGRITY.
VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidyNO
WILL YOU JUST ANNOUNCE YOU'RE VOTING NO ALREADY AND END THIS FUCKING NONSENSE
I will be watching don't let them take away healthcare thank you for standing with Americans on Health Care you are a Hero
Please announce your voting NO to Graham Cassidy.  This anxiety is inhumane!!
can't you just say you will vote no instead of saying maybe?
Vote yes. If you know better, this is the bill for you. It gives your state the power.
Thank you, Senator Collins, for standing up for the right to good health care for all Americans. Please do NOT repeal and do NOT replace ACA
The promise was repeal and replace with something better.  Where's the 'better'??
Defund Plan Parenthood  ASAP!!!!
CNN???  Really?? To coward to go on Fox.  RINO
WOW you and crapper WOW
Please vote NO. Save us from this catastrophic bill. Millions of lives depend on YOU. Be the hero. Be our hero. Thank you, a Kansan.
Thank you Sen. Collins for your genuine concern for those who would be disenfranchised by GC bill. The country needs your ♡& common sense
A NO would be good. Thanks so much for your empathy and compassion.
Please please vote no on the GC bill
Thank you for taking the American people into consideration ahead of political party.
U dumb rinos don't get it . U were only elected back in to pass trumps agenda not yours . 2018 u will pay price all rinos go
We are expecting you to confirm your NO vote on Graham Cassidy. "Leaning towards no" isn't good enough. Enough of this madness.
If you're voting NO please say so. This is not something to toy around with. #GrahamCassidy is the worst bill yet. #KillTheBill
Pass the bill Collins
#noCassidyGrahamDeathBill
Please  vote no on repeal of health care stay strong for us with brain cancer thank you God bless
You are the sole voice of reason for the GOP, I stand by you and thank you!! 
Senator, please do the right thing and vote no on the dangerous #GrahamCassidyBill. Americans are counting on you.
Counting on your leadership. Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
I appreciate ur fair minded approach. This bill is far worse than previous & ur leaning 2 vote no currently, leads me 2 hope the bill dies.
Fake news for a fake Republican
Normal people like me being crushed by premiums, deductibles, & regs do not matter to you
So Senator you have been lying to us all along about repealing Obamacare. You are only for more Govt. spending.
Of course you will  swamp dweller. Your as leftist as he is. Please at least declare yourself a democrat and stop lying to the people of ME
You made NO sense on Tapper. You care nothing about the middle class worker who pays taxes. What have you done to help ? Nothing. Shameonyou
We are ALL your constituents! Children, elderly, disabled, those w/preexisting conditions. Vote NO!!
This admin is yet again creating immense anxiety in maj of  Please just state you're  a No on this even more drastic, cruel hc bill. 
Please help replace obamacare.
Fact you are on anti American tv networks full of fake news proves you are a faux republican and up for sale to highest bidder. Swamp
I don'at like Graham-Cassidy but much better than the failure we have experienced. Obamacare had directly hurt those suffering I serve daily
Some Democratic Republic! Only three people determine the fate of the suffering in our nation who can't afford to be well. You look healthy!
Who cares
Please continue to protect the ACA, 30million are at your mercy! #SinglePayer #KillTheBill #OurRevolution #ACA #Obamacare #TakeAKneel
Vote yes!!!

Sen. Susan Collins: It is "very difficult for me to imagine a scenario" where I'd vote for the Graham-Cassidy bill http://cnn.it/2hoRYmS  
Please vote no on the atrocious health care bill. You know it's the worst yet! Stick to your conscience! #GrahamCassidyNO Thank you!
Announcing you'll #VoteNoGrahamCassidy ?
PLEASE #VOTENO on this #GrahamCassidyNO
Of course you will be RINO witch
Thank you Senator Collins for putting people before party.  Please announce your NO vote on healthcare.  I have an autistic child.
Please vote NO on this latest attempt to terrorize millions of Americans with taking away our basic human right to healthcare.  Please.....
@SenatorCollins We know you're representing the people of Maine but hope you have the courage again to save millions of lives #GrahamCassidy
Senator, healthcare is bigger than U or me. We, who are not Dems turn 2 the party voted in primarily to repeal Obamacare. Failing a NATION!
Millions of Americans are countin on you to again save ACA and vote NO to this disaster they call a HC bill .Thank you Senator!
Maybe you should start being a republican and do what was promised
Well done ....state before party!
Thank you for your NO vote!!!
PLEASE vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Please, for Americans, be strong. Thank you
Grace, wisdom, and a force for good shown! Thank you!
@SenatorCollins Pls don't B bought or bullied by the GPO to sign #GrahamCassidyBill We R counting onU 2 put people be4 politics & #VoteNo 
The third time is not the charm.
Collins-ME knows CBO failed on OCare report & the architect, Gruber said "it would pass bc the American people are stupid"
Thank you for sticking up for ordinary Americans who would be adversely affected by Graham Cassidy. Lets fix ACA
Mid class America is dying out here with Obamacare. We are all waiting 2see which of u will repeal or leave us hanging.
Not a Republican!
Be courageous-vote NO on destructive healthcare bill as you did previously
Stand strong against the latest GOP health bill.
Come on .@SenatorCollins take a stand. You know #GrahamCassidyNO is a wreck.
Dramatic Medicade cuts, kicking millions and millions off healthcare, a rushed CBO score, and NO backing by major medical affiliates:
Please express your desire to continue real work on healthcare reform & your decision to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy
Watched! I'm in NH. Thank you for being thoughtful in your decisions for Americans.  Please vote NO! THANK YOU!
@SenatorCollins please use this opportunity to declare your opposition to Graham-Cassidy. #representME
Susan, thank you for serving! Country over Party!! Please vote NO! #NoGrahamCassidy
Please vote no. From a citizen w 2 autoimmune diseases & stage 0 cancer, small business owner & healthcare provider.
Please vote NO! Thank you
Thank you @SenatorCollins! Please vote NO on this horrendous bill!
#CountryBeforeParty
I hope @SenatorCollins you'll come out against the proposed healthcare bill
 Thank you, Senator
Thankful for your thoughtful commentary on @jaketapper. Yr decision impacts all states. Pls don't take R bribes.
No excuse for your opinion.
Please say NO to #GrahamCassidy , it represents the heartless & mindless in gov't
@lisamurkowski Please stop this healthcare bill.  The issue is far too important to every single American household.   Demand regular order.
Mainers are confident you'll vote no on this disastrous repeal. Please don't let us (and the rest of the nation) down. Thank u Sen Collins!
You better be telling us you are saying NO to the repeal of Obamacare!
Please consider drafting a Women's healthcare bill. Perhaps a Collins/ Murray bill? Men can't figure it out but I bet the women can!!
Regular Order must prevail, this is too important 2 get wrong, just so GOP/45 can have a win at the expense of the most vulnerable Americans
Senator Collins for President!!! Country over party!!! She said pretty much is a "no" on the horrific GOP health care bill
Please stand firm against this healthcare plan
Vote NO!
Your FAKE Republicanism from Maine is killing the country with HIGH healthcare costs.  You pay my insurance if you want O'care! Stupid!
Can't wait! I hope to hear you agree with EVERY healthcare organization AND the American people that G-C is a bad bill. #SaveOurCare
No surprise. All the traitors Do America appear on CNN.
Please preserve affordable healthcare for all.  vote no GrahamCassidywork Pass a bipartisan bill to fix healthcare where everyone benefits
Please save us from this insanity! How on Earth did we get here?
Please be announcing a no vote on Grahama Cassidy! Join @SenJohnMcCain again.
I sincerely hope you will announce your intention to vote against #GrahamCassidy
We're all watching! The entire medical community protests Graham-Cassidy. What will you choose- politics or reason and what is right?
Please Vote No @SenatorCollins. The entire country is counting on you.
I'm in AZ, but we all depend on your compassion. Plz vote no, fight 2 protect our fellow Americans esp the most vulnerable. Plz Sen Collins.
Please stay strong and against the Graham/Cassidy bill that ruins our healthcare. Love Bi-partisanship for this type of thing!
