You have so many fans outside of Maine! This autism mom appreciates what you've been doing for my kid and so many like her, w/ disabilities
Agreed as autism Mom. My group plan doesn’t cover speech and OT. I Pay into Medicaid plan that does. Worried about losing coverage.
It's all we have when insurance co's are permitted to exclude habilitation!
Mine is opposite. Rehab only and no developmental. We have spent thousands and more to come
Speech and OT are habilitation- not rehab. I hate it- it makes no sense.
It doesn’t make since. For my ASD son his therapies are classified as developmental becuz how my employer purchased and pays for plan
Why we as Autism moms need to fight like hell 4 #MedicareForAll If we don't wish to file medical bankruptcy 4 necessary care. Just awful :(
It is awful and makes no sense. The more we do when they're little, the less they cost society as adults
Sen. Collins, you've stepped up for America before, PLEASE do so again & help get Chump out before he destroys the #PuertoRico #treason
I love your opposition to GOP 'health care' but cannot for the life of me understand why you still associate w/ party of Trump and death.
.Thats nice but does not explain why you want to screw AMERICANS
#BiafraReferendum #Selfdetermination right is killed with genocide. Help to save children. http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/disturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343?utm_source=social&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=%2Fdisturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343 …
You're a good person, Senator Collins. 
What happened to your promise of repealing obama pyramid scheme he called obama care ?? You lied you have no honor your word means NADA!
My concern with the tax cut is that medicare waiver will be cut to support corporate and rich tax benefits. Keep this in mind.
Wonderful Photo ~ Keep up the great work!
Step down. Retire. Go on vacation and spend your tax payer money that,you been collecting for to many years.  Your time has come and gone.  Need new and young blood.  My unbiased opinion..you are part of obama era .. more of a democrat
I truly do not understand how you can remain a Republican. A Party that mocks the disabled and disenfranchises children. Shameful!
I am sure this exposure helps to fill your pockets.
Hi bboldtnc. You are a bot. Bye.
God bless u all.I'm a victim
Why don't you step down from office and go join him, instead of destroying your party. You are ruining everything, not helping.
Do us a favor and resign , go home and rest , what's all that tremble when you talk ?? Shame on you for betraying conservative voters !!
I wonder if they have healthcare. Thanks to you many don't.
I am sure like most Senators you have somehow earned millions of dollars during your time in office.
Millions face family budget crisis due to high cost of ACA ins payments & deductibles they never reach and have to cut " dinners" eaten out
You are such a good, kind person, Senator. As a mom of a disabled son, Thank you.
Please get rid of #Trump as soon as you possibly can!  Again, LOVE you and your heart!
Senator, It is nice that you are assisting worthy causes. How about getting something done worthy causes of the country. Quit being negative
John you are a bot. Bye.
trump raped his own wife and Senator Collins can't rush fast enough to be at his side supporting this racist, sexist, bullying, violent creep. #GOPTaxScam
So he's on Sputnik working for Putin! How nice.
Can you help us make needed new place for special needs kids, adults in La Plata Md not enough now
My thoughts of Collins:  she is a Democrat; she ALWAYS votes with Democrats and against the Republican platform/agenda.  If it was Republicans that got her elected in Maine and her representation does not reflect their views, then I hope she is replaced.
So disappointed you are not running for governor. We need RINOs like you and McCain out of the Senate. Let Trump make America great again!!
Hillary Clinton's husband is on the board of a non-profit also. The Clinton Foundation. We know how that turned out.
Meanwhile, Maine DHS cuts funding for disabilities, mismanages resources and utterly fails at ensuring safety. Help
Can you help make sure CHIP is refunded? 8.9 million kids are currently without funding for their healthcare next year! Please help them
YOU HAVE A BIG FAN IN OKLAHOMA!  We love you, @SenatorCollins
I have grown to admire you so much
Thank you---these are the folks that will need help if the scum bag impacts the CSR's
Senator Collins: thank you for not leaving the Senate -- our country needs thoughtful, hardworking people like you that love America! 
Did they know you were a lying rino?
And the name non profit makes all of us common folk think it is for a good cause. Follow the money trail citizens.
Can someone please tell me how and why only rich people invest in non profit organizations. I think it has to do with not paying taxes.
Read my book. MAURIS BIRDS. The main character is a person with autism who gross up to enjoy a great life. Capitalize upon strengths!!
NON-PROFIT...HOW MUCH OF TAXPAYER $$ GETS DIVERTED INTO THAT TO HELP YOU AND YOUR HUBBY AND PAY FOR YOUR PARTIES
You are an shining example of what we hope for in an elected official....you remind me that there is some hope of surviving the next three years.
We need help in CT.. budget cuts...
I find more reasons to like you every day @SenatorCollins.  Thanks from a mom of a special needs child. #savemedicaid
Thanks for caring for the special needs and medically fragile community. My son is one.
Thought I could not appreciate you more @SenatorCollins,I was wrong! Thanks to you and your husband for your service.
They need health insurance too
Honestly- why aren't more politicians like you? Why can't they work together. What is wrong?
Obstructionist!
Medicare for all would also help adults and children with disabilities, along with every other American.
Hope you can help kids with disabilities by stopping #ACASabotage
I wish you would be a voice of reason in your party, which has sold its collective soul to the devil, trump. 
I think I need a shower
You are my ideal citizen.
A family of service.  Thank you both.
Thank you for staying in the Senate!
RESIGN You BUM !!!
From a citizen who went from unconcerned about her government to fanatical about it, I won't rest until Trump is gone, thanks for your help.
These amazingly good works will quickly become meaningless unless you diffuse the time-bomb in the WH.  Needs all your focus!
You and your husband make think there is still hope for us.
Thank you both very much
Me
Such a great organization!
You are a breath of fresh air in the current political climate. Thank you!
RINO last days in government........
Keep up the great work, Senator Collins!
How much did you get from Weinstein ?
fine long as ur npo doesnt fly in nonwhite invaders at nite via UN etc as doc by @RefugeeWatcher
Please leave Congress!
I'll second that!
Don’t leave the #Senate! Your voice is still desperately needed!
She's not she rejected the gov job already her work is more valuable working 4 Pelosi as a RINO
Resign Collins
Please help us get trump out of office
Enact the #25thAmendment 
We cannot afford this insanity any longer
Innocent people will die.
 so desperate
You are a good old fashioned Republican that respects our country and our laws.  Please help get the corruption out of your party.
 Obummercare made healthcare unaffordable for the middle class but poor get it free. Gravy train is over  subsidies
We love you!
Ya that's great. However w/ new order they R screwed if they have private insurance. Say bye bye. Thanks to ur fearless leader. Shameful
Thank you Senator for all you do.  We have an adult son w/intellectual disabilities. Appreciate you & your husband.
Senator Collins, thank you for your decision to remain in the Senate instead of seeking to be Governor. America needs you to stand vs Trump!


Classy lady and hubby too. 
Oh please you'd vote Dem over her in a heartbeat 

Off topic. Thank you for not running for governor for the great state of Maine. We need you in the Senate. Your sacrifice is not unnoticed.
Reps were going to give her state $ if she voted yes but instead her state will be screwed once the subsidies are taken away. She's terrible
That sounds like either a bribe or a threat.
You look so happy! Love the picture <3
Yes she's happy working for Pelosi being a RINO is way more damaging to the Rep party than being a Dem
Awesome picture!
Go join him they need another Democrat
bot
Great picture thanks for sharing

Lovely picture.
