it's a good thing but voting for Sessions was not a good thing considering his history w/woman's issues voters issues
Just switch parties already
why
Because she dared think for herself.
The Senator represents the people of Maine, incl me. The environment matters.
she represents me and I can't forgive her for her vote for Sessions
I can't put into words how excited I am to stop getting notifications from this thread
me too
Maybe U should come out.  Dumocrat all the way.
thank you!
Whose side are you on you need to change parties
.@mariemerrilees @SenatorCollins She's on the side of the people, the planet and the future. This goes beyond republicans vs. democrats.
You could have fooled me how about the Somalis who have turned Portland into a cesspole
COMMUNIST- SCOTT PRUITT IS A GOOD MAN AND HAS FOUGHT FOR THE PEOPLE FROM DAY ONE LADY
thank you senator!
Thank you !!
Thank you for representing Mainers on this issue!
You are a hero, Senator Collins. If only some of your male compadres were as brave as you.
Thank you Senator Collins. You are a great American putting country before party. These elections are not a GOP v. Dem issue
Inattentive electorate hasn't held Congress accountable for last 10 years. Time to start on vote by vote basis.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator.  I admire your leadership and courage on this decision.
why
join the democrat party you're despicable
Thank you! We need our environment n health to be protected. Please convince ur colleagues to do the same!
You need to change party affiliation.
Citing his law suits vs EPA is intolerable Federal over reach by @SenatorCollins He filed those suits as Gov of his state to rep his state
You are opposing the wrong people. The EPA is the very symbol of government gone too big and wrong
thank you!!!
#OpposePruitt thank you for putting a healthy environment ahead of politics
Thank you for standing up to this insanity.  Keep up the work.  You can make history
way to go!   Proud of you!
Thank you,  Senator!
thank you!!
Thank you for making a thoughtful decision for your voters in Maine and for the country.
thank you!  Great news.
I'm glad there's at least 1 Republican out there who won't vote to let someone run an agency they loathe. #PollutingPruitt
hah... You both lose.
thank you for voting your conscience.
“...because for much of the state of Maine, the economy and the environment are inextricably linked." Exactly! 2/2
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Collins. You are doing the right thing. It will not be forgotten
Thank you. It's the right thing to do.
@AndyRichter Come on Ms Collins come on over to the sane side.
Big surprise there Susan and you won't get my vote next time you run.
stop betraying your electorate and out a D end if yur name..Yu are not even moderates, you are a pure Lying D
thank you so much for voting for what will keep us safe instead of along party lines. you have my support!
Yes. A healthy economy requires a healthy environment. Thank you for voting your conscience. Now, just keep doing that.
careful consideration really! Time to put your big girl pants on & support POTUS & his agenda. Ur conduct is ridiculous
. No. Senator Collins knows the devastation Pruitt will bring to clean air, water. YOU need to sit down, zip it
You are a woman of courage. Thank you for having integrity when the rest of the GOP has lost its way. #StopPruitt
God bless you.
@StateImpactOK I'm surprised it took as much effort as 'careful consideration'.
#respect
thank you for eschewing partisan politics
Thank you for supporting science & understanding the responsibility that comes along with heading the EPA #OpposePruitt
Thank you Senator for putting the good of the citizens of this nation over blind party loyalty unlike others
thank you!  You are a Patriot first unlike the rest of your party
Please switch already!
Thank you for putting country first.
Thank you, Ms. Collins. Two of us grew up in Maine, one of the most beautiful places in the world. We need to protect this.
Thank you Senator. Proud of you for this. Convince a couple R colleagues!
thank you! Appreciate the reasoning on your website. Well put. Yes, enviro issues cross state (and party) lines!
@joanwalsh Thank You Thank You Thank You. Mother earth thanks you!
THANK YOU SO MUCH FROM SOUTH CAROLINA! 
The only considerations you ever make Collins - is placing UR job & crybaby #Progressive #Liberal #Snowflakes 1st. Phony!
Thank you! Please also consider opposing GOP attempts to destroy ESA in guise of "modernization." ESA not perfect but works!
Thank you!!! Your support means everything, i hope other senators will understand and follow your decision
Thank you so much for this wise and environmentally sound choice! Proud to call myself a Mainer today!
Pls hold the praise until two more Republicans join her. Unless that happens, this is just political kabuki.
Thank you for this as well! I am a democrat yet I am willing to support republicans who care about the good of all!
Thank you <3 The nation is watching.
Stop Trump insanity.  You haven't stood up enough so far but you can change that!!
Thank you. I appreciate your willingness to go against the majority of Republicans to follow your conscience.
#USA #YELLOWFEVER #ZIKA 

Your "careful consideration" is poor.

Scott Pruitt is the right man for the EPA Chief job.
why are you attacking the President
sadly we could not stop this fool - co2 is not causing environ issues and plain ignorant. Thanks for your  no vote Senator
Thank you for standing up for the environment!
time to retire, Senator Democrat
Two thumbs up for standing up to Trump
ty
Do not think this saves you. Voting for Sessions is unforgivable.
When did you join the Democratic Party???  You must have changed into a hard-core Socialist.
Great.  You supported Jeff Sessions though,  and we will not forget that. @SenatorCollins
Sen. Susan Collins pushes approval of Jeff Sessions for attorney general http://www.pressherald.com/?p=1134712 
Let's remember how Jeff Sessions got his job. #JeffSessions  @SenatorCollins @PressHerald
thank you for this...should have done to Devos in committee, when it mattered! @SenatorCollins
you're making one bad mistake after  another...
Step up and support your PARTY and our @POTUS @POTUS...
thank you. He seems to think he's above the law = not good for America, not good for jobs.  What about the court order?
Thank you !
thank you. But did it really take that much careful consideration? Luv ya!
Thank you for standing up for what is right!
Thank you!!  Maine is my second home, and I am so proud to see they have such a fine representative in the Senate.  :)
thank you! please work to get others on board!
Thank you, Mam.
Thank you!
Thank you for listening and doing the right thing!
Thank you
thank you for your leadership! Please continue to stand up for your beliefs regardless of party line!
Thank you for a thoughtful rather than a partisan vote. Ur state is too beautiful to have someone like Pruitt
Thank you so much!! Let's hope you have some company!
wait is there still an EPA at this point!
Thank you, Senator. As a Maine living in MA, I honor your hard work for our natural and cultural environment.
Nice to see thought not a mindless rubber stamp for a change.
thank you
Wish you would've considered DeVos a little more carefully and voted no in committee when you had the chance.
Thank. Please keep talking to your colleagues. They need to be convinced Pruitt is wrong for EPA
thank you! I'm from Okla.  
.@SenatorCollins YES!!
thank u
Thank you. I like breathing clean air and drinking clean water! We are not like China and India!!
Maine needs to find a new Republican Senator next election that will support Trump and his nominees.
Thank You! 
thank you for your courage to do what is right
@morgfair Thank you.
Not happy Sen. Collins.
thank you
thank you, Senator!
@Zillablue Thank you, Senator.  From all the species, but especially ours.
Thank you.
Thank you for your brave vote!
Bravo!
Thank you!!! Please continue to realize how important the #EPA is for #cleanwater & #cleanair.
I'm sure your constituents would be proud while the rest of us are saying WHY ?
Thank you so very much!!
@TheAltEPA thank you senator!

Is there anyone you like?
Thank you for acting in the best interest of the environment, the country and the planet.
Thank you.Can you convince any other senators to have a backbone & do what is best for our country, environment, & future?
Thank you for your courage and honesty. The nation depends on your good judgement. #noscottpruitt
Thank you. Logic and reason win today.
Thank you, Senator Collins.
thank you!!! Bring some other republicans with you! We need your leadership
the planet thanks you!
@robdelaney too little too late. You lost my vote when you failed us on DeVoss (yes I am a constituent) shame shame shame
Thank you for standing with the public interest, not big oil! #pollutingpruitt must not be confirmed.
Thank you Sen. Collins! I appreciate your leadership!
Thank you
Any other Earth loving @SenateGOP members tough enough to stand against #pollutingPruitt?Would be wonderful to find a few.
Thank you Senator Collins, for your leadership and service to all Americans. Your integrity gives me hope in these times.
thank you!
Nice gig you have there, playing both sides.Request an independent trump-Russia investigation and prove you're a patriot @SenatorCollins
our country thanks you for caring about fresh air and drinkable water. We can't take that for granted.
Thank you
Consideration to the fact that if you vote for him the money flow will stop immediately !
Thank you Senator Collins. Our lives depend on clean air, water, soil.  Climate change is real.
@AndyRichter Susan Collins = only Republican putting country before party.
This is commendable, as was your vote on DeVos, but does not excuse your vote on Sessions. Be better.
thank you thank you!
thank you!
maybe u should give "CAREFUL CONSIDERATION" to joining the SORE LOSERS PARTY,otherwise known as DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
..be a democrat
good on you!
careful consider = you're sure he has enough votes without you, again? @EricLiptonNYT
Backward 50 years with Pruitt.  Good for us all!
How careful did it have to be! He's sued the EPA 13 times, what was so hard?!
--  Thank you for serving the people and all, but what is there to consider?  Guy who wants EPA abolished in charge of EPA.
I don't know why you're not an independent like Bernie! You certainly think like oneMaine rules
Thank you for being the rare senator who indeed gives "thoughtful consideration" rather than blind partisanship.
thank you!!
Thank you. You make this son of a Mainer transplant proud of that wonderful state.
thank you for your principled stand
thank you!!!
thank you Senator
Thank you for caring about what kind of a home is left for future generations. It's all we have!
thank you
Thank you!
Thank You!
- Bad decision.... Bad!!!

thank you!!
Thank you Susan!
THANK YOU!!
Thank you Senator Collins.
@Phil_Lewis_ Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you!!!
thank you
Thank you, Senator Collins!  Thank you!!!!
Thank you @SenatorCollins
Thank you @SenatorCollins for rejecting #pollutingPruitt and putting public health first!
Thank you!
THANK YOU!!!!
Born in Bangor, appreciate you taking the environmental concerns seriously. Regulation keeps us safe and EPA is key 
thank you
- @Stewart1306 Thank you Senator Collins.  Your Integrity and Courage is a shining light!
Thank you Senator! Your concerns are ones that affect all the states and I appreciate you voice in this.
A wonderful and logical conclusion. Nicely done!
Thank you for your integrity. GOP dishonesty on #EPA will result in a Silent Spring
thank you
Thank You Senator Collins!
Thank you so much, Senator. Your stand is appreciated by this Californian.
GOD BLESS YOU4 trying to save innocent children from environmental cancer voting against Scott Pruitt So grateful
on behalf of myself, the earth & future generations, I thank you Senator
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator. May more of your colleagues have the same strength of character.
just go ahead and cross over and call yourself a Democrat.
You are part of the Liberal Republican wing of the Democrat party...you should go ahead and switch parties.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator for your principles and leadership
