Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator.  You are a shining example of what leadership ought to look like.
Thank you!
thank you!
Thank you, Senator Collins!
Thank you
Thank you from Ohio.
Thank you!!
Wonderful. Thank you for your sensible moral approach to major legislation.
Thank you!
Thank you
@dickfundy another rational Republican. few and far between but they exist
Thank you so much for supporting citizens not only in your state, but across the country. Thanks for being brave enough to do what's right.
THANK YOU, HERO!
Thank you @susancollins
I love it!
Thank you!
You oppose the hard working people of Maine. #shameful #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you!!!!
Thank you once again!!!
Another RINO. #disappointing
Thanks so much, Senator Collins!
THANK YOU Senator Collins!
thank you, Senator
Thank God
Thank you @SenatorCollins
You're move @lisamurkowski
Thank you
Thank you Senator Collins for once again doing the right thing! 
You have personally just save millions of lives. Thank you!
Thank you. Too important to rush. Lives hang in the balance.
thank you Ms. Collins, for standing up for what this county deserves. #GrahamCassidy #Patriotism #Healthcare
Thank you Senator Collins for saying No on behalf of all Americans not just your state's americans. You are a decent and thoughtful senator.
Thank You Senator Collins.
So, Republicans have to find a bipartisan solution? Repeal Obamacare then and only then you can find a bipartisan solution. @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you @SenatorCollins  please ask ur party to stop attacking Americans.
Thank you!!!
Many thanks, Senator. Let's work to fix the ACA and stop playing with people's lives. No more repeal bills, PLEASE.
A hero, once again. Thank you so much for proving you went to D.C. to help people
So it takes a hero to screw millions of Americans who can't afford healthcare insurance because of obamacare?
Thank you Senator Collins from a doctor and a patient - planning my vacation to Maine as a thank you #visitMaine
Make sure you check out Baxter State Park! Worth the drive.

Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Collins. Thank you so much.
Thank you for no repeal. God bless you. Now nuclear contamination . Cancer ,willing to give his one son cancer. You have say
Every word you wrote is the truth.  Thank you for your integrity!
You know the senator is a RINO sellout when liberal lowlifes are all over her page thanking her get her out now.
Thank you Senator!
Yes thank you for screwing millions of hard-working Americans who can't afford healthcare insurance because of Obamacare.
Right b/c the millions of us that would lose our coverage don't matter. For the record, I work FT, I pay full price, my costs have decreased
@SenateDems,  https://scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/22008191_1579342698754473_7062120905044661292_n.jpg?oh=3d61d2125d332b721017dc043c8cd3f3&oe=5A4605F8 …
I am leaving #TN and moving back this fall to #Maine where I was born.  I am strongly considering #running #against @SenatorCollins.

#MAGA
Good luck with that. #MAGA is shit here in Maine. As I'm sure u are. #Resist. #trumplies
Thank you for doing your research and having the courage, integrity and compassion to stand up for the healthcare of all Americans.
Republicans like Sen. Collins need backbone!  Repeal the poorly planned ACA and force dems to negotiate.  USA needs affordable healthcare.

Has Collins ever supported Republicans? I thin she's just a Drm plant
Very rarely.
Received our Blue Cross & Blue Shield letter. Our small biz catastrophic health insurance is doubling to $1,600 / mo. for 3. Must kill ACA!
Thank you, how are you on climate change?
people thanking you think losing Medicaid. But besides Medicaid/Medicare majority of taxpayers will be losing coverage,paying exorbitant $$
Thank you.
You made the right decision! Thank you for being a human being. God bless you
Have you submitted a health care bill or even made a suggestion? No? Than why has congress chosen opt out of Obamacare? Use it YOURSELF!
In Maine they either work for the State/Fed, a very small business or they are on Welfare. I have family there.
If those in #DC (I did not say swamp) had to B on #ACA themselves ....
#ACA WOULD NOT HAVE PASSED 
Even @NancyPelosi would have Voted NO !!!
Thank you!  Now, can you do something about Trump?  Puerto Rico needs less anger/criticism, more help!! Horrible person.  Needs mental exam
Thank you for protecting the health of the nation and for not buckling under the thumb of the bully-in-chief!
Please leave the Republicans party. You are a disgrace to conservatives
Thank you for your leadership
Thank you for protecting the most vulnerable amongst us. Please work to correct the flaws with ACA  so all can benefit from affordable care
Republicans putting votes ahead of accomplishing any type of compromise. What a disappointment.This will help Democrats get back majority.
Thank you!!  Please explain the tax bill to us. I am afraid it will elimste house sale deductions to Srs.
The CBO is always wrong!!  You need to start voting like you are a member of the GOP and not a flaming Liberal!!
I watched you on CNN. You know what we need. Stop him for 3. More years. I will vote for you. You may be one to save us all
Thank you for standing for American citizens; sadly something I can't get from NC congressman
Thank you, Senator, for standing up against your own party and FOR the American people!!!
Begin your campaign for president. People listen to you. Hillary will run again you watch. You could beat her. No trust.
ICU RN here with over 20yrs experience. You just saved more lives than you will ever know. Thank you!
Thank you for your No vote—you just saved my child w/ CF! #hatecf #chronicillness #cf
thank you
Margaret Chase Smith would be proud!!
#ThankYou #HealthcareIsAHumanRight please fix what we have.
Thank you for your leadership when we need it most.  CC: @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you, Senator Collins for making a choice based on people’s well being.
Thank you for putting the American people before your fellow Republicans #godblessyou
I'm not your constituent but Thank You! @LindseyGrahamSC is my senator and you see how he feels about us! Thanks for doing what's RIGHT!
Thank you Senator Collins!
From the bottom of my heart, thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you from the bottom of my heart!!!
Thank you!!!!  This is literally life and death for so many
Thank you @SenatorCollins...what we truly need is a bipartisan bill for all.
THANK YOU Senator Collins for standing up for ALL Americans. You probably saved a LOT of lives!!! YOU ROCK!!!!
Thank you, Senator.   Praying for more legislators like you.
Thank you!
PRAISES! Tears of JOY and relief!
THANK YOU, SENATOR COLLINS!  
Thank you @SenatorCollins for doing what's right and protecting the people!
Thank you. Surprising it took this long but thank you. In general you seem sensible; it's a shame it's rubbed off on few of your colleagues
Thank you!!!
Thank you for voting no on this awful health care bill. I'm a Democrat and am grateful you are willing to work together
I work for the states largest employer. I work on the busiest shift. No one is voting for you again. #Rhino
Thank You Senator Collins. You renew my Faith in Humanity. You are Greatly Appreciated.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Collins from the bottom of the heart of a mom of a child with disabilities.
I wish more Republican legislators like you & @SenJohnMcCain & @lisamurkowski put our citizens ahead of the party & dark money. Thanks.
Thank you Senator Collins!

Thank you Senator Collins.
Susan Collins thank you for the breath of fresh air doing your job serving the ppl and that you can't be bought by the corrupt Trump camp
Thank you
Thank you Senator Collins.
Thank you, Senator Collins. #ImpeachTrump
Thank you, Senator Collins. You restored my faith in humanity. It took a courageous woman to express bipartisan common sense & empathy
Thank you, Senator for remaining true to your values and for putting the American people first!
I know you failed the American people..these stories posted concerning grandkids and children are lies, they would be covered regardless.
You are my hero. You are a beautiful person.
Thank you!
My sister and her family in Maine, with their many health issues, thank you for yiur support.
*your
Thank You Sen. Collins
Thank you!!!
Thank you for listening, @SenatorCollins.
Senator Collins opposes Graham-Cassidy health care bills http://bit.ly/2wPKVKP  
How many more times must this absurd spectacle, of Americans begging their notional representatives NOT TO KILL THEM, be repeated?
AS AN INVENTOR...THIS WAS MY VERY SIMPLE AND COST FREE WAY TO FIX HEALTH CARE..GOOD WORK TODAY!
Thank you Senator. 
Shame on you! Helping DEMS!
Thank you Senator for doing what's right once again!
Thank you on behalf of people with chronic illnesses!
Thank you from the bottom of our s
THANK YOU for your principled leadership!
CON didn't predict the mess that is Obama Care.Why would you be relying on it now? Again middle class paying and can't afford.THANKS to YOU.
Well good luck with the ACA!  It's broke beyond repair!  To those who chose to not fix it belongs the legacy of watching it self-destruct!
Once again, you have demonstrated impeccable integrity, courage and judgement in voting no on this bill.  A true shero!
Thank you for DOING THE RIGHT THING for American Citizens & for standing up to the pressure to please & payback Donors.
Thank you Senator!
@SenatorCollins Thank you for your leadership. In my CA city I may have no   individual insurance provider even with ACA. Insurer fled.
Thank you @SenatorCollins for your statement today.
Thank you Susan, you have well articulated the key factors which make the bill repugnant. Stand firm! #VoteNo
Thank you so much!! I am a democrat but can't begin to tell you how much this means to me!
If the new bill only said "Repeal the ACA" would you vote for it. No give money here-/ or fund-- just repeal it
You killed it senator Collins. Thank you thank you thank you for your courage in supporting all Americans.
Would that more @GOP senators were so clear minded and sharp!
Thank you @SenatorCollins for the strength of your convictions.
ANGEL OF GOD!!!!
Thanks you for caring so deeply for the American people.
@SenatorCollins Thank you. Thank you for being normal, a normal person with logic and empathy, yet a leader with insight and conviction.
Thank you for having the courage to stand for what you believe. You are an inspiration
This veteran thanks you.
Thank you so much, @SenatorCollins. I appreciate you standing up to save healthcare.
Thank you, Sen. Collins for caring about us- the American people. Maine's Very lucky to have you!
Thank you. We're all counting on strong leaders who follow their consciences.
Thank you so very much.
You are amazing. Thank you for your intelligent leadership
It makes me so happy to know that there's wonderful women like yourself in the senate. You've helped save a lot of people's lives thanks!!
Thank you for being what a Senator is SUPPOSED to be - thoughtful, representing their state, but with an eye on what's right for the nation.
Thank you for putting country before party.
Thank you, Sen Collins, for your wisdom and your courage.
Thank you for doing the right thing for all of the citizens of this country! Thank you!!
Susan Collins gets 3 Pinocchio's
liar liar liar 

#RepealObamacare 
#CongressionalClowns 
Thank you @SenatorCollins.
Thank you again for not playing politics with people's lives....
Thank you
Way to go!
Thank you!!
Thank you!!!!
Bravissimo!
Thank you for caring about the people of the US, you made the right decision.
Thank you thank you thank you.

Thank you for your beautiful written statement, for stopping this war on women and protecting our children from lifetime insurance fines.
Thank you!!!
Thanks so much.U added days to our lives. I'm not a believer, but if there is a God, may he bless you and yours forever
Please get something done! You all work for the people! Don't forget!
Good decision!
Thank you for not going for the GOP bribes!
Thank you for not succumbing to blood money.
I cannot thank you enough.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Awesome
thank you for opposing the Trumpcare bill 
And we oppose you- congratulations - this will look great in your memoirs!
Thank you for opposing. As the mother of child with autism in Maine, it is greatly appreciated.
Thank you Senator Collins!
Cinstituants should atart class action suit.. she misrepresented herself. She is a DEM
Thank you for sense and sensibility!
Thank you!!! Thank you!!! Thank you!!! 
If you had any guts, you and your elite Congressional buddies would use what you force the people to buy. Bet you'd repeal it real quick.
Thank you Senator Collins for your position! Agree with you let's fix the current law!
