if you know about the corruption and don't do anything about it then you are part of the corruption #TrumpLies #ImpeachTrump #not1more
Voting you out next election,,You lied to us the American people,Shame on you
You’d be perfect on ABC you would fit right in with their ideology. Just admit you don't oppose Obamacare. What a RINO.
Thank you for standing up for Americans in refusing to vote for Obamacare Repeal and Trumpcare.
You are always the major obstacle among Republicans! For once join with
other Republicans and vote against the hellishness of Obamacare!
Glad you came to your senses about not leaving out 22 million without #HealthcareBill
Since you are clearly one of the few with a moral compass in the party, we will do all that we can to support you
Epic fail on health care by GOP Senate! I would vote for Kid R. & Ozzie O. before any of you again. WE support our hard working POTUS
Thank you for looking out for not only your constituents in Maine, but for caring about all Americans.
Sen. Collins you are a Republican. Please stop supporting ObamaCare. We want full repeal.
Mainers don't, and she's eying a gubernatorial run.
Stop all the discussion and do what your party promised make health insurance affordable again. Repeal and replace Obamacare

Way to Go ! Schumer & Dems make you look like a fool on healthcare !
US fairground become makeshift hospital amid Obamacare  http://dailym.ai/2uZTyko  

OBAMA/RINOS/DEMS/COLLINS CREATE "3RD WORLD USA"
Susan learn how to talk before you open your mouth!!!
We'd all like the same healthcare plan you and your pals have.  Sounds like you've exempted us from quality care - not the other way around.
Get full repeal of ACA done. ASAP. Are you unaware People are losing their insurance because of it!! VOTE to repeal ACA NOW.
I hope you are up for re-election, if not resign!!
Thank you for working hard and choosing #CountryOverParty  - this is how you serve your constituents and our nation.
Please vote no to repeal our healthcare.  Thank you for your thoughtful vote!!!!
You promised us you would Repeal or Replace #ObamaCare
Apparently Politicians don't keep their Promises.
Did you discuss the millions of dollars of MEDICAID FRAUD There is plenty of money around you just allow it to be wasted & want us to pay it
Repeal now or the voters will speak
Susan Collins is nothing but a Democrat in Republican clothing. Just wants to get her face on TV like all the loser Democrats.
Thank you Senator Collins!
Ur state should be embarrassed by your self centered behaviour letting the entire country suffer for your own ego.
Replace AHCA with this :
Pelosi loves you Susan Collins! She is wondering when you will be joining the Dem party. 7 years and nothing from the senate GOP.
Thank you for advocating for better health care.  We appreciate your support for Medicaid.
Thank you!

Ur going hav 2 make some compromises,otherwise OCare will implode &ppl will be left w/nothing! Keep in mind Medicaid was started 4 disabled
Please support ACA repeal. If Obamacare prevails you do not want to be part of the cause. Believe me. We're watching!!
Please pass the new health care bill. It is better than Obamacare and is not single payer. The system has changed. Don't obstruct!
You had 7 years to repeal and replace the Oba Care and still can't get it fixed. Now your a holdout. What an embarrassment to the GOP.
Deplorable elephant voters don't forget  RINOs at election time. Why don't you try acting Republican or get out?
Thank you for placing the interests of the American people over those of Mitch McConnell. The people are watching!
she wants the middle class to pay for Obama care, like the dems, enemy of the middle class! Use the middle class to pay for everything!
7/17
#ItBanned #WomenAsProperty and
#ForcingAmericansToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
#StandWithUs and
#TeachCongressTheValueOf
#13Amendment
Thank you for advocating for Medicaid coverage for the most vulnerable patients in my state. You have my vote.
THANK  YOU@SenatorCollins

 DON'T repeal the #ACA (throwing the baby  out with the bath water)

 #FixACA & STRENGTHENit
Grateful for your decision to speak out in support of rural hospitals, Medicaid recipients, and folks like me with pre-existing conditions!
you are not a team player time to get you off the team
but you need to stop being complicit with this fascist regime in ALL WAYS.
thank you, senator. we are grateful.
Just keep to no no no
You are not doing what you were asked to do by we the people who vote for you Republicans. Repeal it then fine tune it.
Stick to your principles!
PLEASE @SenatorCollins. 22million Americans r living in abject fear rt now bcs of this cruel bill! Instead PLEASE keep&fix Obamacare!
Thank you for common sense and critical thinking on #medicaid! We need #hearings for #accountability for our health and future!
Sen Collins, thank you so much for stating the obvious and what makes most sense in handling the GOP HC bill. You are outstanding!!!
Your RINOCARE will not pass.
Why are U defending law founded on blatant lies? Please repeal travesty & replace w/ plan that includes @tedcruz amdment so WE HAVE CHOICE!
Medicaid is not quality medicine; it is crime to force poor into substandard program; premiums R out of control; choices gone; REPEAL NOW!
Why refuse to repeal law founded on lies & meant to fail so single-payer wd be required? Premiums skyrocket, choices eliminated, WAKE UP!
I beg U Senator, please stop listening to Dems who misrep what senate bill will do; Please repeal ObamaCare; our premiums have skyrocketed.
Agree to the bill, do you really want Democrats  involved? Compromise.
You are self serving We Must roll back Medicaid to save it for the real needy not the able working people abusing it thanks to ACA expansion
NONE of U in Congress live with what U mandate 4 America
U always exempt yourselves from all you mandate & 
take care of yourselves first.
Repubs have also had years to make and contribute to improvements to ACA but were too busy doing what? Golf? Super urgent but not really.
In other words, Repubs want it both ways. We made it great and we opposed it. Huh? Why crank out 210 amendments to a bill you won't support?
Technically correct 0 Repub votes but forgot 2 mention acceptance of "161 amendments & GOP planks" (Salon) which of course had Repub votes!
Please speak to your fellow republicans to help them understand the horrors of this bill. VOTE NO.#Trumpcare #SaveOurCare
The Dimms in our party
I've come to admire your independence & thoughtfulness.  Wish you could also represent the great state of Iowa!!
Thank you for your no vote.
Thank you for standing up for healthcare, please know since we have been so upset doesn't mean we don't care about the Russian investigation
Please vote NO and insist Americans deserve the same care we buy for our elected officials
Your plan is dead on arrival.
Thank you @SenatorCollins for still saying no on this Pathetic Healthcare Bill!  You & Senator Paul are the only ones standing strong!
Need another friend to vote no. Bad for public. Thanks for your leadership and moral compass
You are the only one who seems to care!!! Thank you!!!!!!
Thank you @SenatorCollins for doing everything u can to protect ALL Americans. Thank you for standing against this bill that will destroy us
If you think that your plan is going to be easy, think again. It will be ridiculed and you will be branded a liar. You will be held accounta
Thank you Senator Collins for being the only member of the GOP to have sense! I truly trust you to do what is right for the vulnerable.
Don't watch fake news AVC CBS MSNBC or CNN try Fox News you might have to answer real ????
Proud of you, Senator-thank you for fighting for Maine
Please don't allow a vote without a CBO score of the complete bill and a discussion about its impact.
If this bill fails because of you, I hope you are forced to work with Dems exclusively and I hope no Republican votes for it and ridiculed.
Senator Collins, Thank You!  You're doing the right thing for Americans! History will call you a Hero
lady u r no republican
Please continue to remember us, the people of the USA. Thank you!
And you were brilliant!  Am hoping your colleagues think long and hard about your thoughts.  Thanks!
Sen Collins is as decent as they come. In this case her commitment to bipartisanship is misplaced. Dems didn't want that in 2010. Repeal.
If you obstruct the passage of this bill, and don't get something BETTER passed, you'll have BOTH sides campaigning against you!
American people deserve Access to buy health insurance now. Its closed awful
Why are many republicans covering for Trump ?  Trump is a very bad guy.  Are they choosing party over country ?
Sen Colins .  I think you are too soft on Trump.  Are you and other republicans enabling his behavior. ?
Please continue your opposition to this hurtful bill  I hope more @GOP will come out against b
Right screw us ! You have the caddy plan ! I'm
U have promised to fix healthcare. U instead are supporting the ACA. Seniors like myself are paying the premiums for ACA(BC). Is this fair?
Susan I am really happy that you are for the Americans ppl we know that 22 million people will lose their health insurance pls stand for us
Single payer is the way to go.A few miles up the road in Quebec,New Brunswick they live longer & save . Why are u not advocating for this?
Thank you for your conscientious and intelligent leadership on health care, Senator!
You seems to understand Maslow's Hieracrchy of Need. Sad more of Senate and Congress lack that intelligence. It should be part of their oath
Proud of you Senator Collins-please stay strong, fighting for what your constituents want 
Thank you, Senator.
Susan Collins is one of the few Senators that seem to understand the bottom up approach to Government and is working for Americans
Please don't let the GOP take away my healthcare. Im begging you!

I'm going to say it - there is real evil in the epidemic rate of lying that is going on right now. This is not normal. https://twitter.com/vp/status/885946066075602944 …
Bless you Senator.
Each state has own ability take care of their OWN w Govs RE Medicaid STOP TAXING MIDDLE CLASS! @SenateGOP @POTUS @VP @RandPaul @GOPLeader
Not true.  Feds tax our payrolls and should give back to the states to take care of the poor and elderly.
God bless Senator!
Time to introduce your amendment mandating all Senate, House & staff enroll in any healthcare plan created-if it kills the bill-then we know
and force congress to buy its health insurance using  100% POST-TAX-DOLLARS  just as individual must , but businesses don't
Repeal and replace.
Let's get this bill done! Time for congressional fun and political games to stop!!! JUST DO IT!
Please listen to the folks you were voted to represent and vote "NO"
Mike, get a grip, her people come first as it should be with all of Congress. The people voted them in, they can vote them out.
Please continue to  vote no.
Thank you Sen Collins.  #Maine #healthcare #NotDeathcare
You are just 1 of 100 Senators.its ok to vote against bill, but what gives u the right to vote against ALLOWING the other 99 to debate?Huh?
Trump supporters. Retweet
Please work with your GOP friends and vote NO on this abysmal #Trumpcare. #Fixandrepair #Obamacare. It's good help get it to great
I watched.....you always provide an intelligent and factual position. Could you teach POTUS some of your skills? Not really joking here....
Thank you for staying strong, and fighting for what you believe.  Our healthcare is more important than how it is being handled in D.C.
And did a great job! Thank you!
You should change parties
Ah missed it. Still I will keep saying it How proud I m of You! You are my favorite lady! Smart brave kind
Respect from a Dem. Thanks for looking after the most vulnerable in America.
Most vulnerable have been dumped into horrible Medicaid program not accepted by most docs; poor quality while our premiums skyrocket WAKE UP
There’s a reason people like Obamacare more...Medicaid expansion is good! We need to cover lives not cut peoples’ right to get care!
WHO did they poll those have ALL the time in the world home not working? ALL for helping those in REAL need! @POTUS @GOPLeader @SenateGOP
Check out
