Freedom is being greatly threatened right now. How do we get both sides of the isle to create stability with an unstable Whitehouse?
Unstable ?? How? President trump could not In a million years be doing a better job. "We the people" 70 mill.are so so proud of him !!!!!
What is this 70 million number you're quoting? The nice thing about numbers is math is binary. Let's stick with the facts.
And bye the way the end numbers were 67 mill hillary and 65 mill for trump your numbers were not correct.
Please vote NO on #Trumpcare. Spent summers in Castine and love Mainers. Please don't remove insurance from all of us.
On what you believe in your heart what is right for the country and for all people as a whole. You don't have to cater to politics to do
Really going in the wrong ng direction. I don't know what constituents you're talking about but I believe you should be careful who they
It's become so unaffordable. It had tripled and so does my friends and pastor.so many states have only one or two carriers and Obamacare is
Believe that not supporting the health care bill is beneficial for the American people as a whole. We have to let go of our own insurance
Really are. There's just so many people being planted in every state to destroy the current plan for political reasons. I believe you should
You say everyone is thanking you for screwing over your fellow republicans ? And you feel good about that. Mitch and the boys ,done with you
The people who voted for Trump and republicans in office " seek that you do what is right and good for the American people as you are called
Thank you! And please VOTE NO ON HEALTH CARE. #25thAdmendmentNow
It doesn't matter it was just reported that Mitch has enough votes without her and it will go thru. Thank God
Lol. Reported by who? Fox?
Please consider how our current President may be destroying these principles. You have a Constitutional responsibility to protect as well.
Our president isn't destroying anything get a grip. He couldn't be doing a better job.
Resistance to current admin is patriotic. Speak out -- it matters! @Indivisible_MDI
Whattttttt??? Going against our president and 70 million people "we the people" and you call that patriotic ? Are you nuts? The opposite
Thank you for taking a stand on healthcare - it's nice to know there are politicians who put people over party.
#impeach45 #potus
For such a time as this. God bless you and family.
Americans are angry and scared.
1st time in my life I'm not confident about future of my country. I fear great corruption in our highest gov, & @gop won't set things right.
That you'll all have the majority. Your role at this time is unique for such a time as this.That position may not be there tomorrow. So "we
What is right. You all were placed in the position that you are now to make a difference in the American people lives. It's not always that
I'm not confident for the future with the current administration.
She has total confidence in our current admin. She is a republican ya know. And we the people 70 million people have 100 percent confidence
...Thank you for standing your ground on the BCRA. It is a terrible bill that will leave millions with no healthcare!!!
https://twitter.com/peplamb/status/874432651716853760 …
You believe your doing the right thing I get it ,but your going against "we the people" 70 million people who are mad and won't vote for u!!
Dear Sen. Collins, we are appreciative of the work your doing for your country. But at the same, would like to express to you that I don't
We cannot continue to subsidize abortion as healthcare!

Thank you @SenatorCollins for not allowing to take away healthcare from us, mainers. We support   your vote! Thank you for your dedication!
Senator Collins, happy 4th of July! Saw you today in Eastport! Please, keep standing up for what is right! U r doing a good job! Thank u
I believe current occupants of  WH are unlearned in our constitution.  Sacrifices  made to protect freedoms mean little to DT's WH. RESIST!
Independence so describes you in relation to your party. Sometime good; often unfortunate. Please do your best to unite on healthcare.
America cannot be led by a chicken shit damn draft dodger.
@senrobportman @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @SenRonJohnson
U don't worry about healthcare as UBS employees thecaddy plan !
U get it I'm sure
Never Collins again !
Same to you! Please vote NO on #TrumpCare #HandsOffMedicaid
Happy 4th to you too.
Oh my.  If only your actions reflected those sentiments.  I'm from Tennessee, but I know your senate voting record and am dismayed.

For those wishing for a genuinely sincere, heartfelt #FourthofJuly  from a REAL #POTUS
... Here you go 

…
No on Trumpcare or the full repeal of the ACA! Getting rid of Medicaid so 400 families can get a tax cut is cruel #eugenics
First off it doesn't cut Medicaid you've been given wrong info ,and it was just reported that Mitch now has the votes and it will go thru.
#4thofJuly
I don't think u believe these words anymore-based on ur INACTION in dealing w the leader of your party-who chips away at our democracy daily
Sorry - you seem nice but your words are not enough anymore.
Please vote no on the Senate health Bill that threatens the health of our most vulnerable, 15 million Americans. Sincerely Dr. Slusser
so get rid of the nut in the White House before we have no country!!!!
Happy 4th. Please vote NO.
Please remain the sane voice and fight for country over party.
@POTUS is NOT the person to navigate this ever increasingly unstable world.  PLEASE DO SOMETHING to remove him from office NOW.  PLEASE
Please, @SenatorCollins PLEASE do something about the national embarrassment and disgrace in the White House.
Get trump out of office
Please vote No on TrumpCare (WealthCare). Surely others did not fight so the wealthy could pay fewer taxes, and the rest die/go bankrupt.
That's a presidential statement!
We need sensible #ImmigrationReform. Blanket criminalization of undocumented immigrants will hurt families & lead to more racial profiling.
Thank you, Senator. I needed to hear this after hearing that Trump has a global approval rating of 22%.
Change party's you r being a hippacrit
@SenatorCollins I'm in Bangor this week visiting family; & hope to personally thank you for standing strong against #DeathCare !

Nice @SenatorCollins however keep in mind no matter what perks they offer you the answer to the Senate healthcare bill is a resounding NO
Blessing to you Sen. Collins - Start to Educate @POTUS  what the document US Constitution is all about and include entire @WhiteHouse
Great to see a DEMOCRAT being patriotic :) #DrainingTheSwamp
You are not well educated and your charge is false learn before you open your mouth
None of this means anything unless you and the GOP defend us against this horrible president.
Words to live by! Happy 4th to you!
First sensible thing you've said since elected! #maga

Senator we see what's happening in our once great democracy - will you defend US?
Dear @POTUS, This is from the Holocaust Museum. Is this plot familiar? If so, guess which role you are reprising. #immigrantswithattitude 

WH moving aggressively to gather citizens' data, still has done nothing to protect 2018 elections fr interference http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/03/politics/kris-kobach-letter-voter-fraud-commission-information/index.html …
#25thFor45 #25thAmendmentNOW
"Feminine" Patriot, taking care of others and our planet. PLEASE vote no on the GOP's "Wealthcare" Bill.
It doesn't matter we don't need her Mitch has the numbers it was just reported. It's going thru thank God. !!!!
thank you for not destroying American health care last week.
It is not finished
This is the most ominous tweet
Xoxo & Happy 4th Sen. Collins.  It's says it all loud & clear what 4th is about!! Its more the new testament verses of holy bible...
Thank you for being the adult in the U.S. Senate
Rino !
