Great. But Mainers would love it if you'd have a real town hall during the recess, Senator Collins, and answer your constituents' questions.
Good luck with this request. Not one of our four congressional reps holds a town hall. Very frustrating for their constituents.
Sigh. So true. A group of us politely tried to get her attention recently in Augusta to discuss the AHCA. She drove right by and ignored us.
I am constantly seeing pictures of her meeting with small groups. I understand she prefers this method. Try inviting her for a discussion.
We voted to give you a majority and you have FAILED to "repeal and replace" O'care!  We should raise money to boot you out of office!
senator collins
with due respect, WHY ARE YOU STILL NEGOTIATING WITH MITCH
McConnell?
Nevil Chamberlain?
Y r u on FAKE NEWS bc u r fake
Traitor
Notice you are on all the fake news stations. Don't U question this at all ? Its time for new blood for Maine please someone run against her
Thanks 4 not caving to lobbyists, RNC and wealthy billionaire beneficiaries of the massive tax cut bill known as tRumpcare. 
#VoteNoAHCA

I hope to see you openly voice your opposition to this cruel bill.
Drat. I missed it. Listening to you is like going to church; generally uplifting and encouraging. 
Thank you Senator Collins for being a voice of reason against this healthcare bill in the Senate!!
If Planned Parenthood can give OSOFF campaign in Georgia hundreds of thousands of $$'s it does not need government FUNDING.

Kasich on @CNNSotu making impassioned case for remembering/caring for poor people, giving them a chance at health. Republican w/a conscience
Collins grasp on reality seems 2 B lacking 4 In her world Republicon's CARES bout most vulnerable among us~ HAHAHA
Thank you for your voice of reason. Please vote against #AHCAKills and persuade fellow Republicans to do the same.
Even if PP is added back, still no justification for voting for such a cruel bill. I hope you're not preparing your excuse.
Collins will explain why she will vote yes for a bill that betrays the most vulnerable in our society. What a heart.
She will not support this.
I do not share your optimism.
We can only hope.
So S Collins guess ur up against it deal with welfare whiners or the hard working who pays for their own n that welfare line VOTE YES
This the reason u will b voted out.Going on Chuck Todd and MSNBC PROVES UR DEMOCRATIC. @peddoc63 @mednurse202 @FemalesForTrump
Go on Fox why not-you are also a coward.
I wish you were as concerned for the taxpayers as you are for the richest segment of our society: the seniors!  When will you defend us???
Why are you waffling about the health and safety of your constituents and fellow human beings in the country?  Vote no and do so proudly.
#HealthcareNotWealthcare
I look at all these whiners from Maine we all know everyone of u r not paying for ur insurance if u were u would be furious an want ACA gone
When will you have a #TownHall so we can see if your holding up to our expectations?!
There is nothing you could possibly get in concessions that would justify voting for this bill. Its an immoral bill. Don't cave
Thanks for being a sane Republican. No on TrumpCare.
Watching your countries struggles from the UK. You seem a fine Lady with your stance against unfunding the planned parenthood initiative 
Well done and I wish you well standing up for what you know is right for your citizens 
Canny retire rhino ? We don't want to fund abortions on our dime . Ppl irresponsible pay for own baby killing
Please think of the people who voted for you when you vote no on the AHCA. Vote no please.
Comm Health Ctrs outnumber Planned Parenthoodlocations 20:1, provide more services, serve men & Children, too. Send funding to CHC instead.
https://lozierinstitute.org/health-clinics-nationwide-compared-to-planned-parenthood-centers/ …

Illustration of Health Ctrs vs PP
Thank you for speaking out, even though I realize you'll probably vote yes in the end.
It can't be easy being a female Repub senator. Women are naturally empathetic, which is the exact opposite of the self-serving Repub. agenda
Sen Collins *please* make us proud.  http://billmoyers.com/story/your-health-may-be-in-susan-collins-hands-and-thats-not-good-news/ …
Please don't vote for the health care bill.
@SenatorCollins THANK YOU for standing up for #Medicaid !
Please don't
Please
Can't wait to see what you say.  I have my fingers crossed you agree with @SenDeanHeller  and continue being the great leader you are!
CA, long term care is at $12k a month.  If I got sick, I would have to sell my asserts, including my home. My income is $4,300 mo.
Please help us. We know what the ACHA truly is no matter what lies &misinformation is spewed in defense of it. Please please please vote no!
Please protect Medicaid, women's health, individual market, special needs....Don't sacrifice millions of people for wealthy tax cuts. Please
2) without hearings or opportunities for amendments. This may not affect your golden pkg ins.  but will be devastating to others. #Resist
In fairness this bill was hidden and dems did not have a chance to work with rep's on fixing its issues so you can't say they didn't coop...
You don't disagree with @KellyannePolls re: Medicaid. She is just FLAT OUT LYING. Call it what it is, and keep telling the truth!
Don't put this back on the Democrats. Your obstructionist party had 8 yrs to work on & repair ACA! Now they want to push through garbage >
Disgusted with the lot of you.. you will vote YES regardless of..worse than @SenJohnMcCain  looking 4 attention..zero backbone OR integrity.
Women.
Than you for telling the truth about Planned Parenthood.
Stand for wome, stand for the disabled, stand for older adults, stand for the people and vote NO
Sen. Collins , become a Democrat. You will be happier.
Why did we never hear from you when Obamacare was taking our jobs and going up in prices? Why?

Be A Profile In Courage, Susan. The Senate isnt your career. You were sent their to be a public servant. To SERVE the public. #DeathCareBill
Senator If u go to work perhaps you can get the bill passed instead of being a defeatist #BetterCareReconciliationAct
Honest question. Dems say they are not invited to negotiate on acha, you say they are, who is lying?
Go join the Democrats where you belong and get some honesty about which party is what.
Get out of my party you freakin Baby Killing RINO!
50 yrs from now no one will remember what you said-They will definitely remember what you did.This is literally life or death.Please Vote No
As a human being how can the GOP do this to people. We have lost our humanity in America. Do we have any sense of decency left?
Please save the soul of this Country and vote NO!
Please vote no. This bill is not the answer. Put the American ppl first. Please. 13 Men wrote the bill. Ur voters will understand.
13 White GOP men didn't ask you to sit on AHCA committee There is no women on it U said Dem should work with GOP No Dem on AHCA com Come on!
So you're going to vote yes on a bill that rips health care from your constituents? How evil is that? What kind of person are you?
Thank you, Sen Collins, for being a voice of reason and remembering the most vulnerable among us.
You must not vote to approve the GOP health care plan. Please stand my your convictions & put Americans before party. This is too important.
Choose to vote no on the health care bill or the ppl will choose to vote no on you during the next election
So when are you planning on holding townhall meetings for your constituents? This is one of the reasons people are talking about replacing u
Plz vote NO on the health bill! One child has Cerebral palsy. My vet daughter is in hospital with a lifetime disease. They r on Medicaid.
Sen.Collins.I respect you for the stands you take for the American ppl. TY!The Dems are not welcomed#VOTENO
Thank you Madam Senator for living up to your oath. Opposing this bill will save thousands of lives.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
Vote no Senator Collins! Protect your constituents!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Finally a Republican who doesn't use #AlternativeFacts
It's time to stand up to the male leadership.
Just watched you on tv. You didn't commit to voting no.  Dont be a coward. This is just a tax cut
Thank you for caring about poor and elderly & chronic sick.  @realDonaldTrump Trump, @KellyannePolls don't care about facts and the people.
Medicaid expansion to states who took it were covered by federal for only few years then states would be saddled with costs compare facts
Stand strong!! Vote no!
No one in Maine is in favour of the AHCA; you are taking a long time to give your constituents the reassurance that they are your priority
Vote no on this bill. It will hurt women, children the disable. It saved my life when I needed heart surgery. Please be brave
This is only repeal portion HHS adds changes to lower costs don't screw this up for Americans out of fear of you being re-elected #MEpol
Great! Maybe you can talk about how voting 'no' on the #AHCA is the right and moral choice for Maine!
She should model herself after NV Sen Heller. He is the only Repub who has said no to this bill
#VoteNoCollins
Will you be announcing that you will be voting no? Or a word salad where you need to figure out how much you will hurt #maine?
Are you going to vote against the heathcare bill?

#mepolitics #TrumpCare
Please speak out about the need to have hearings, many hearings, to improve the Senate healthcare bill before it goes to a vote.
I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts on the senate healthcare bill.
More bashing of your own POTUS?You & Paul do realize that the ONLY reason u are asked on these shows is because u bash Trump agenda. Right?
Good morning Sen. Collins.  Your leadership on healthcare is vital to millions of poor working American & their family...
