So, Rosenstein hires Mueller, whom in turn hires corrupt Clinton Foundation lawyers to aid in the cause. And we should not fire Mueller?!
I wonder if you could support the president voted for & stop wastingon your petty politics
What is the "right" number of Americans you would support losing health insurance? #ShowUsTheBill
How about 22 million? 15 million? 10 million? What's the ideal number of people losing coverage? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/873916805009608704 …
We want to hear the tapes.  It's very important that you do you work for WE THE PEOPLE NOW.
Senator, you're close to complicity now
Waiting for you to release the Republican Senate Health Care bill - we all get to read it, right? Transparency, right?
She's a joke.
Playing both sides of the fence.
Any defence of the lying, racist incompetent Trump is betrayal of your country. Integrity doesn't grow on trees & won't easily be won back.
what are you doing to help anything??
I have respected you for years Ms. Collins. That respect is gone now that you have chosen to align yourself with a corrupt WH. Good luck.
Trolls all... but me. Let's continue with legislation and move on from the Russian narrative.
The boundaries are the laws, Sen Collins, which @POTUS Trump hasn't broken, but you & rest of establishment helped Obama break for 9 yrs
so if the senate HC bill is so "very clearly" a better bill than the house one, when can we see it? why aren't you proudly showing it off?
Collins your wrong under Article 2 Potus can direct an investigation who do you think did it it before 1935 before the FBI?
Isn't it odd that Allred produced "accusers" shortly after these were written?
How can Franken, Harris, Wyden, Feinstein and Schiff participate, when they are openly attempting to ouster the President every single day?
Boo to excusing obstruction of justice! Very disappointed about the "Comey did it too" excuses for Trump.
Remember Comey asked the President to meet one on one!
Stop wasting taxpayers money on endless Russia investigations. Comey lied under oath as to why he released his memo he released before tweet
Trump didn't know better when speaking to Comey in private, but knew it was inappropriate for Rice to spk w/Clinton on tarmac HA! Try again
Wrong, try to keep up.
get it thru your head-you are downing the wrongperson.itis the Obama whostated therewasn't a 'smigion' of evidence.stop wasting our money
With all due respect senator Collins, this ruse is just a pfishing expedition. Waste of the taxpayers money. Some of your coherts are rude.
When will this become a matter of discussion? Because it sure looks like the DNC made up this whole Russia matter 14 months ago.
Trump is a 70yr old man not a child he knew what he was doing. Trump is a liar and the Republican party has No Morals.
Show us the Senate Trump health care bill NOW.  YOU CANT?   Time to switch parties or retire!!!
U do know that Trump is playing us all, including the GOP,  for fools don't you?
She's complicit. 
Rubals are falling out of her purse. 
She has pre existing condition too.
Can't stand all her word-mincing.
Your comments show your lack of understanding of our Executive Branch! Trump had the authority to discuss & if he so chose, to pardon Flynn.
Senator, why CLOSED hearing on Sessions? We need accountability for Trumps lies and public forum on this disastrous healthcare bill
Great job Susan.  One step forward two backward.
U are shining through this POTUS mess.U are now a fan of GOP,Dems and Indies..Thank you for country first stance!
Staying on The Fence& Defending Trump? He's Hounded Many Past Presidents how2 Run Country! Didn't know any Better that A 1on 1 was Wrong? FU
Making excuses for Trump is wrong.  You look foolish giving up your integrity.   Put USA before party or look for another job
now we know the corruption that took place under Obama.Spying of 20 million unmasking of 35,000 people.Allowing this makes you just guilty
Senator Collins, please vote NO on #Medicaid cuts for the #disabled - thank you for being a leader who actually cares.
Ur words: "It is because of Mr. Trump’s inability and unwillingness to honor [repub] legacy that I am unable to support his candidacy." 
#Trump #PussyGrabber #SusanCollins
1) hmmm..Collins in Aug '16:Trump’s unsuitability for office is based on his disregard for the precept of treating others with respect...
2) Collins Aug '16 continued: "....an idea that should transcend politics".  Senator Collins, what has changed that u r now defending him?
The President asked 2 have room cleared. You don't do that 2 ask about  weather. You do when u r bout 2 ask someone 2 do something illegal.
Very troubled by Collins victim blaming. DJT abuses power, but Comey did not respond strongly enough, so you excuse abuser's behavior?
Why can't you politcians ever answer a simple yes or no question? Have to twist your words to give non answers.
You too Suzie!
Sen. Collins Pres. Trump can't fire U. If Ur asked "I hope" u vote 4 health care. Trump asks Comey to keep his job & asked "I hope u can..."
@SenatorCollins is playing judge,jury & executioner.Her theory/Reprimanding @POTUS/Telling @POTUS "he shouldn't do that."Is anyone impartial
Not excusing his behavior?
It's worse. You're enabling it.
Susan Collins Is losing my respect - weaseling her way out of groveling to Trump.  Still pandering.  Where's the independence?
And yes, why is @SenateGOP HIDING #ACHA planning?! Let @dnc in! Let America see what you're doing. Not ONE hearing!!! @CNN @ACLU
Not wishing to be presumptuous, but here are my thoughts for hearing questions.
I have so much respect for you Sen. unfortunately because of DT its dwindling... Don't lie for him.
Do you really believe that the @POTUS IS INNOCENT BECAUSE OF NAÏVETÉ? His @WhiteHouse is under investigation for COLLUSION! We R beyond it.
Towing the party line much??
Comey should've investigated the lies of Benghazi before the election of 2012.if the truth came out Romney would've been president.
Why don't ALL of you stand up to POTUS when you know he is wrong? You can't even call a lie a lie for fear of what? A tweet??? Your job???
If the Senate does not censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump..We will recall you all at the ballot box
Make sure you have the same compassion for finding out about the Clinton "matter".
That investigation is over. This Trump admin investigation is massive and current. Russia has influence now. CANT HAPPEN. @MSNBC
NEW INVESTIGATIVE TEAM formed By Mueller Don't U GET IT? He dissed FBI&Federal JudgesThey Want TheBIGFISH #Trumprussia FRAUD so many Choices
Are you calling out Trump for inappropriate remarks/conduct? Your hypocrisy is ugly!
To say someone in government should have correct Trump.Well,you're in government,have God given 2 legs,a brain,&mouth,STEP UP,ENABLER!
We want a public hearing. Are you denying this? Wo a public hearing, #VoteNoAHCA what are you hiding?
Making excuses Collins said nothing relevant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woA1AvnbOxE …
Sen Collins, my ties to Maine go back 50 years. You are are person of intelligence and integrity. Don't fabricate excuses for this conduct.
I do like this lady.
you are among a handful of congressional Rs w integrity but you're on a slippery slope of excusing the inexcusable.
Need your wisdom and integrity in full force. Country over owrty
I hope as in want for her to do the right thing and do what she can to #impeachtrump
As a Democrat, I appreciated your refreshing, honest gracious conversation this morning.
Next key point comey never leaked the fact trump,wasn't under investigation.And comey allowed this false narrative created by dems to fester
Comedy contradicted himself but stated stopped a staying trump obstructed, McCabe,,rosenstein ,Coates and Rodgers no,obstruction
Good interview.
