Thank you!
God bless you!  
My husband can get his surgery in October now.  We both thank you. Without you I don't know what we would do.
And what about my family who lost all our health insurance because of obamacare high cost??? We have no insurance.
McConnell sabotaged the success of the ACA in every way imaginable.  Any failure is thanks to his agenda of obstructionism...
I totally understand that people have been hurt financially and it is time to FIX ACA so that everyone can get good, affordable coverage
My husband had private insurance 10 years ago. The ins would not cover his hospital stay when his spleen burst. They said he was not ...
Covered..cost him $100,000 & dropped from ins.  I know how frightening it is to try to deal with ins companies.  You try your best but it's
So complicated.  I don't blame anyone for being scared. But it 
CAN be fixed. We need to unite to get insurance companies to do what's right
I'm truly sorry for your family, but when you have an old messed up car you don't fix it, you replace it. Obamacare needs to be replaced
They don't work. They have never worked. Feeling good about yourself now aren't you? Let down America!
Are you are referring to me or my husband?
I'm waiting for an answer....
Are you saying my husband & I don't work?
Or are you a "bot" with your 6 followers?
I have cancer and tonight was terrifying. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. My wife thanks you. Our five year old boy thanks you. #HERO
Praying for your return to good health.. & God bless you & your family.  
We will keep fighting for good healthcare for all :)
Thank you! Looking forward to seeing dems/repubs work on fixing Obamacare
I would suggest learning about healthcare. See how many peeps depend on medicaid for births/nursing homes
when you get car insurance, it's based on accident rate of every person in your state because you're surrounded by other people who drive
you think you can just walk into the doctor's office and get free healthcare? Doesn't work that way. Can't separate insurance/healthcare
In your profile photo, you look just as pleased with yourself as can be. Well, WE'RE NOT PLEASED WITH YOU! You're not CHAINED to Obamacare!
Get rid of Susan Collins!!!!
You must be so proud having all these Democrats congratulate you.
We Republicans Will Remember!!!!'
I hope you do remember what a great lady sen Collins is. Those pussy whipped GOP men are crooks. Except for Hero McCain
Ready for a war with Russia because poor Hillary did not get into office.
Get rid of Susan Collins!  Vote her out!!!
No, it just makes the world shake it's head at the unbelievable American hypocrites. #foreignpolicy #youredoingitwrong #notEarthPoliceForce
Why won't Trump sign it?  He's playing a game with American people AGAIN.
Remove the SANCTIONS dumb a ss.
Thank you for voting in our country's best interest.  May you have the ear of fellow senators.
Are you kidding me Jory!  Get rid of Susan Collins!  She has her own interest at heart!  Not the American people's!!!
DT lies and deceit sends a message to your allies too. He has let us down - never experienced this from US before. Scary. He prefers Putin!!
Russia has been our ally, more often than not. American Revolution, Treaty of Ghent, WW1 and WW2.  Now dems force estrangement w/o cause.
So wrong to include Russia.  Disappointed that Sen Collins did not fight for Pres to keep sanction options open.  She is more Dem than Rep!
Senator, what are the chances the President will try a pocket veto while Congress in recess?
Do you want a Nuclear war with Russia. Are you sending us back to the Cold War era?
Why aren't 98 Senators asking Trump 2 sign/or veto the Russian sanctions so it gets done? He lies that he will when he gets it. He has it
DEMOCRAPS AND RINOS LIKE YOURSELF IS THE REASON WHY OUR POTUS IS HAVING A HARD TIME PASSING HEALTHCARE REFORM. GOOD LUCK IN RE-ELECTION TIME
Please share what it will do to these countries and under what circumstances, thanks
Bent on Pres Trump failing, they will jeopardize what could have been a joint fight against ISIS.  Usurped power frm Pres, gave 2 congress.
Can he legally hold it or is there a time limit and why with 98 yea vote does he gwt any negotiating power. VOTE 98 yeas why let him do this
You are a traitor to the American people
#maine our failing healthcare is on you. You voted her in. You are responsible. Shame on you for not voting responsibly.
Good to see that the Senate won't be putin's puppets unlike the @POTUS
No Cam they have idiots like Susan Collins!!!  Has her own interest at heart!
Thank you for saving lives tonight! Stay strong! You are a hero!
What lives were saved? Obamacare is dying on its own so who really wins? She didn't do her job for anyone, no winners
No it's not. More accurately it won't if that Orange idiot in the WH doesn't sabotage it
Thanks for what? Obummercare is dying anyway & wont last. Time for you to get a job  
Easy one for you to vote on huh? Don't have to make a tough call
You are an awe full RINO who works for Pelosi. Vote her out! She let us suffer under Obummercare!
@SenatorCollins PLEASE ask @lisamurkowski to vote no, and have bipartisan work on a good Bill! If goes to conference, skinny Bill law!
Thanks !!!
Get a job and pay for your own insurance
I just want to kmow: "when will the west wing realize their language sends a strong message to American children?"
I love you, Sen Collins! You have saved lives with your vote-forever grateful to you. God bless.
Silly Susan. China helped Korea get an ICBM & nukes. China stole millions of dossiers after hacking OPM. Sanctions on China? Support @POTUS
China hacked OPM & stole your personnel security dossier. China knows your deepest, darkest secrets. Any sanctions on China. Support @POTUS
While you whine about a Russian hoax, China's Xi donned fatigues to prepare for war over Korea. Support @POTUS #MAGA
Congress can't get anything done but want to tell POTUS how to negotiate sanctions with countries! Pathetic!
Who cares. Get on and repeal ObamCare and fix taxes get with program.
I always here about the people Obamacare help but what with the family that Obamacare don't help we are suffering here we don't count
BIG DEAL!
You will NEVER BE REELECTED
The current law is basically the plan Romney implemented in MA, best the GOP has to offer. Now work with the dems and make America great.
We also know that the ACA is being sabotaged by the Rump administration and congress.
Necessary bill but sanctions by us mean little and accomplish little. Action to stop trade by friend of enemies works better. Prez strategy
All the easy bills go through you shills easy it's the hard ones you always come up as a lame duck rino.
As a lifelong Maine  Republican, I find you an absolute disappointment. I will vote for anybody who opposes you.
Why hasn't he signed?
Glad you got such a great response from the Democrats...You are evil and hurt the people in this country.
Whatever comes out of your mouth is BS...U R a LIAR. Get on the healthcare you left us to live with.  #Lieof2015
Thank you Senator Collins. Thank you so much. You are so brave. My family loves you. PROFILES IN COURAGE. Your name is there.
Does it send a signal to Trump? He's the real problem
Wow.  You took a strong stand against Russia, Iran and North Korea.  Brave.  But stand against Obamacare?  Pathetic.
Why sanction Russia?It seems we need 2 B allies who can work together;let's not get the other major world power mad at USA-we may need them!
Also, I have never followed you on Twitter before. I think you are a hero.
Who were the two no votes? Please..
#defundpp @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins and #Obamacare @SenCapito
Thank you Senator Collins. You are a True American Patriot.
Thank you for your support so that so many Americans will have health coverage !!!!
Can I send my deductibles bill to you???
Thank you very much @SenatorCollins for your service. 
Now do something important like investigating the DNC and Clintons in addition to getting out of healthcare. No one cares about Russia
A decent bill with input from the 2 female GOP senators might have had a chance. Sick of the old rich white men power structure.
Big deal. Do you think sanctions work with thugs? Delusional...
