Why would you yield to the Teachers Unions on Education Secretary ? Why didn't have any backbone and stay with your party ?
you are very mid informed sir. She had stood up for what is right and not giving in to political pressure
The Hell I'm mis informed ! Political pressures of the Teachers Unions !! Not about giving our children choice!
Do you want tax money going to Satanic schools and madrasas?  That is what vouchers  will do
vouchers give struggling schools and children choices ! Not enrich Teachers and their Unions
your union bashing is a red herring. Rural kids won't benefit from vouchers. They make rich richer.
and are children shouldn't be Richer from good education ? Or have better way life that public school fail to do so
Are you kidding!?!
With Pruitt heading the EPA, our drinking water will be as bad as Flint's!
Is this a joke to you Senator?
I was born in ME, please keep its environment clean.  Vacationland  and Maine lobsters, nothing better anywhere!
I'm so disappointed that you voted to silence Senator Elizabeth Warren last night.
Shame for voting in Sessions. Vote this collaborator out of office!
thank you Sen Collins for voting a no on DeVos. You did the right thing and it is appreciated.
bs...she  let her through committee,  could have stopped it,  COWARD
At least until you vote for Pruitt to run the EPA.
Wow. How many bills have you passed? Did you get your NEA money to hold our children back?
why did you support silencing a fellow female senator reading the words later somehow acceptably read by male senators? Why?
so what are you going to do for the people of flint? How about making sure they have safe dining water at Standing Rock?
#letlizspeak
yes and let's keep all the water up there clean by not letting proposed mining take place please
.@SenatorCollins Vote agst Pruitt if you want to protect our H20 resources!   Or will you keep voting the party line agst Maine's interests?
you better enjoy the water before Trump allows all to be polluted.
Very proud of you Susan! I am a Democrat and very proud of you're vote the Education Secretary!
Then you have no idea, just like DeVos, what you're talking about!
Sorry, I missed that one!
I didn't mean to be disrespectful. But why are you proud of her vote?
I was under the impression that she had voted totally against her!
let's see what you do with Pruitt vote. Hypocrite
you wouldn't happen to know where Flint ranks would you? Or just don't give a shit?
I wish you cared as much for your constituents here in southern Maine.
Caribou's come a long way.
All Americans expect to drink delightful, uncontaminated water. Please ensure the EPA keeps feeder streams/rivers safe.
actions speak louder than words. SHOW us you are proud with your vote against @ScottPruittOK to head EPA.
read your name on list of senators who voted to block Sen Warren from reading Mrs. King's letter. Shame on you.
then make sure you don't confirm Pruitt or eliminate EPA or u will be enjoying the taste of pollution; protect our Earth
Was this meeting before or after you voting to stop @SenWarren from sharing a letter from Coretta Scott King?
quit tweeting about water and #letlizspeak
Now is your chance. Get up and read Mrs. King's letter in the senate to your horrible peers. NO on Sessions!
Thank you for putting our kids ahead of the party line. We may be doomed but at least you tried.
Hope water stays that way...after environmental refs and agencies destroyed
I'm less worried about the water in caribou and more worried about the racist who you are supporting for AG #stopsensessions
while this country goes to hopeless hell with your help, I'm so glad you like your water. Good thing you're not from Flint.
it may not taste so great after the EPA is eviscerated.
YOU LIKE WATER SO MUCH WHY NOT MARRY IT? Or use ur power and voice to protect it by speaking out on #noDAPL
go vote against Sessions. As Maine Goes So Goes the Nation.
thank you for putting students and teachers ahead of party and ideology.
it's just water! God.. won't taste good if you guys alllow EPA to "disappear"
You suck! You sold us out and you are out in the next election.  We saw what you did.
I guarantee you they are not proud of your vote against Devos. @POTUS wants to #MAGA - you clearly do not!  Despicable.
Very disappointed that you voted yes on DeVos in committee when you admit she wasn't qualified for Ed Sec. #mepolitics
won't be the best if you vote for Pruit!
Hope this continues to be the case once all EPA regulation are revoked.
Stop trying to change the subject, sell out.
Just wait until your republican buddies run a pipeline through your state and it starts leaking. Won't taste so good then!
when are you having a town hall?  We need to talk.
so... no mining? Lucky you.
You showed integrity in voting against DeVos.  Please vote no to Pruitt.  Maine can't trust him with our forests & waters.
less water, more work in waking up the bought and paid for #GOP #Davos (but congrats on the h2o Hope it's drinkable in 2050)
could have stopped her in committee...
plz ensure #H2OBarons don't corrupt public water supply. Keep ME and US water clean
then you need to vote NO on Pruitt for EPA.
you voted against better schools ... shame
thank you for voting against DeVos.
thank you for standing up for educated documented teachers. trump could have found someone else. Why didn't he??
Answer your phones. Mailboxes on all lines are full because you really don't want our opinion. Maine will wake up some day.
disappointed that you prioritized politics over our children. You only voted no because you knew she'd be confirmed.
#Coward Tell us 1 vote where your vote made the difference. Dems had 59 votes for the ACA but couldn't get your suport.
enables DeVos to get a vote. Knows she has 50 votes without her vote. Votes no. Touts bipartisanship. Lather,rinse,repeat.
Water quality will suffer under Pruitt if made EPA chief. Water is great resource & must be protected. Please don't vote yes
Not proud of your grandstanding vote on DeVos. You could have stopped her in committee, but you voted "Yes' on party lines.
You turncoat and De Vos still got in so your vote didn't even count.
Hi from across the lines!
not proud of you, our government has been sold, our kids, elders, and environment will suffer bigly!
They won't have the best tasting water after Trump EPA gets in there!
And if clean water is such a concern, we better see a NO vote on @ScottPruittOK.
Really? This is what you think is important right now?
good thing you dont have coal mines to flush in that river
I'm sure @ScottPruittOK we'll change that
Now we are stuck with DeVos, because you couldn't have a backbone in hearings. My child suffers as a result. Now what?
flint is jealous.
So very disappointed in your  approval of Devos in committe. You will not have my vote again.
Hooray for #WaterProtectors
She could have stopped it in committee. She's trying to have it both ways. Very weak!
that's her MO
You could have stopped DeVos in Committee. SHAME ON YOU!
Meanwhile, #BetsyDeVos was confirmed. Thanks for wasting 24 hours.
you mistake her for someone with a rubber stamp who doesn't use the brain
The nomination was never in doubt. All will be confirmed. Opposition is a waste of time. Much to do to #MAGA
if you approve Greg Pruitt at EPA it will taste like mercury in no time.
thanks again for your stance on Ms Devos who was unqualified. I hope you'll continue to fight for what's right (EPA etc)
Collins voted yes to move DeVos out of committee, knew there were enough Senate votes to confirm even with her no
I've been there. The water tastes like shit.
Not for long with your Presidents EPA choice. Also - what about Flint??
Good thing we don't have coal mining around here.
