Pls support reasonable healthcare for all Americans and provision for pre-existing conditions. States will get much less $ 4 poor children1/
2/ under GOP Graham-Cassidy. Please be merciful in your consideration. We can make needed changes via bipartisan efforts & not penalize poor
Didn't you vote against repeal and replace? Did your constituents agree with that?
Probably, since her approval rating soared after voting against trumpcare. She's now the 6th most popular senator in the country.
What just happened
Vote no on repeal!  Save our healthcare
Vote NO on Graham/Cassidy, please! People over party! Thank you!
As you contemplate your vote on the health care bill, please remember that your NO vote will save many lives. T.Y.
I know they will make it rough for you, but please hang in there for the millions of Americans who rely on Medicaid and the ACA.
Allow bipartisan efforts to prevail. Vote no on Graham/Cassidy. Allow Alexander/Murray to continue their work. Bipartisan work is critical.
Another Democrat posing as a republican
If #GrahamCassidy passes, insurers no longer have 2 cover substance abuse treatment, pregnancy, emergency srvs +more
Please vote no on Graham/Cassidy. Resist the perk for Maine, and consider the entire country. This is only for tax cuts demanded by donors.
We look to you for a NO on this healthcare bill. Please have courage to do what's right
Please Fix the ACA, don't repeal it. Please vote NO on the Cassidy n Gramm heathcare!
Please vote no on the Graham Cassidy bill! Force congress to make the needed improvements to ACA without repeal!Thank you
Hope u don't vote to repeal Obama care. Were depending on you + to improve. Graham+ doesn't do that
Please vote no.
Hoping that you will vote no on the Graham-Cassidy bill. Millions of people are counting on you. (But no pressure  ). Thank you!
Support #MedicareForAll so we can help all Americans get the healthcare they need while saving wasted money on insurance profits & tax loops
Americans are waiting for your answer, please say u will vote no, and put folks mind at ease, this is torture
Please vote no against this cruel and unjust healthcare bill they're attempting to ram down on throats yet again. It would only hurt people
Lets go back to bipartisan health care policies.  Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
Thank you for being concerned about the people even those of us who are not your constituents. Can't obtain that in AL.
Serve ALL AMERICANS, HEALTHCARE 4 ALL NOT just wealthy & REP.! "WE THE MAJORITY HAVE SPOKEN"
Here's one:  you keep threatening to take our health care away, and you lose yours, Senator. https://tinyurl.com/yasd3ofz  Best, Eli
Please vote against the GOP's newest attempt at destroying healthcare for Americans. PLEASE.
Please vote NO on Cassidy and Gramm heath care bill!
Vote with the GOP !!!   Or we can vote in someone who will
How is ripping what little healthcare we have gonna help?
Please vote NO. The majority of tweets here are also asking that you vote NO. We are counting on you!!
May I remind you, you work for the people! People voted you in and can vote you out. Get on board with the POTUS. R&R Obamacare
We need ACA, please do not kill the sick and needy! I need ACA stage 4 cancer my voice speaks for thousands, stand up for us!
Thank you for looking into bipartisan efforts. Please vote no on Graham Cassidy & talk to Maine MOC abt horrible impact it would have on ME.
Graham-Cassidy-under state waivers insurers can charge higher premiums 4 pre-existing conditions. So, how does a cancer survivor afford HC?
We don't need Planned Parenthood! We need women's healthcare! Abortion isn't healthcare! Fund facilities who don't do abortions!
There is no god so why do you care?
You had your chance and blew it.  Not to mention making the party look like fools.
Please you lied for 7 yrs about #RepealAndReplace ur are nothing but a #wolvesinsheepsclothing #FakeRepublican please everyone #VoteHerOut
Liar, fraud, POS
Repeal and replace!
Senator Collins is only concerned about lobbyists that support her. She votes to protect mega healthcare companies.
Sorry you blew it liberal. Now you want single payer Bernie oops Suzie! You should be ashamed because you disgrace the G.O.P. Shameful!!!
give me a break you do nothing congress, seven years to figure it out people hurting in Texas and Florida your not all that
What the hell does @SenatorCollins know?
Ikr! She's only been a senator for 21 years! She couldn't have learned ANYTHING in that time!
So The President has made you totally inconsequential, your democrat masters and mistress sold you out, shoved you under the bus, he, he, ha
When Gov has control of your HC, it will B no better than VA admn.  Pres Trump had 2 intervene 2 stop the abuse.  Passed Accountability Act
SP/UK, lost 2400 Hemophiliacs to AIDS tainted blood. How does this happen to so many, 20 yrs after screening?  Culling the sick population?
UK is Single Payer HC.  They have AIDS epidemic.  Sell AIDS testing kits in vending machines.  Y not C "free" doctors?  No disease tracking
Keith Ellison was caught on hot mic saying that Pelosi wants single payer, but doesn't want constituents to know?  That's because it sucks!
Having trouble replacing my Dr.  Despite Medicare & supplement ins, I can't find a doctor who wants to take Medicare.  They know something?
Dems have secret plan to flip Americans to Single Payer HC.  Dr's will treat wealthy as pvt practice, we will get undesirables & newbies.
Was LePage there?
Thank you for having courage to speak up and advocate for affordable- quality care- and protecting even those who can't see importance
To little to late. Notice how she is dressed in Blue in the photo. Remember when she wore red all the time? Very telling Senator.
We're judging her decisions based on the color of dress she wears now? Really?
You are a joke you could care less about Americans and what's good for us. If you care you would have voted to repeal and replace Obamacare
Sen Collins, your affinity 4 PP sunk the repeal & replace effort. PP takes my tax $ & gives it to Democrats. Y support them? Shame on you!
If you had not voted no.  We would be past this by now.. You had 7 years!!!
You guys had 7 years to have plan, how many more year are you going to talk about before passing a bill?
And the removal of any and all abortion funding?!
You screwed us on healthcare and will never forget it
She's already done the damage. Voters really don't forget like the MSM would like you to think.
Single payer would be best, but expanded Medicare for all & lower drug prices would help
Collins Obamacare supporter what do you plan to have us seniors pay for?
Shillsan. Not one penny in tax cuts for you and your rich brethren. You really should put your facade aside and start being Margaret C Smith
.are you smart enough for congress. I do not think so
I watched. Not impressed with efforts to tweak Obamacare. No good solution except repeal, replace, give more free market opportunities.
Obstructionist
Please remove yourself from public Service
I have a question. If Obamacare is so good for the American people then why isn't it good enough for you and the rest of Congress?
You're more worried about non Americans #DACA then Americans
Traitor
Oh brother
We are ranked 30th in the world our leaders can do much better, but will they?
Susan is a #closetdemocrat  we need a true conservative to take her place.  Vote Susan out of office so she can run as a democrat
Turncoat have you decided to drop your healthcare and join up with Obama care like the rest of us?repeal and replace Congress healthcare
RESIGN
Thank you for continuing to protect Mainers & our health care! Please stabilize the market, at the least. 
REALLY, Susan! Says the one wih the one with the 8% approval rating!

Look inward, honey. Remember your veto?
She's a senator, they don't veto. Oh, I see ....  you're a #Bot. Don't they teach US Civics at your troll farm?
Guess not the same as you've been taught.
DO YOUR JOB..#2018
Let's all work together with our POTUS so we can get some things done for the American people
Susan needs to retire
