stop fighting your own party !!
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you, Sen. Collins! We will not forget your integrity and leadership on this!
Thank you 
Thank you so much. Please bring my senator @senrobportman with you.
Thank you for your bipartisanship.  We need more like you in Congress.
Btw, as an independent voter, I will vote for you if you continue to represent the voice of your constituents and reject partisan bullying
This is an awful decision. You are now unwilling to even consider ACA repeal. Failing to address Medicaid is fiscally irresponsible.
For that 17% of supporters?  Why?
Wonderful.
Thank you @SenatorCollins for looking at the big picture and what is best for ALL Americans.
Of course you are, Senator, but THEY are NOT
Thank you @SenatorCollins working together with Bipartisanship is so important
THANK YOU. As a Dem & supporter of the ACA we need  "Repair/NotRepeal". No major legislation like SS or Medicare has NOT needed tweaking.
I love you 
@BadHombreNPS Thank you Senator Collins. Real Americans appreciate you. Country over party!
Thank you Sen. Collins for doing what's right for your constituents & the rest of us across the country. Your leadership won't go unnoticed
Remains a "no." Eyes turn to Murkowski, Capito, Portman and Heller.
They're trying to buy Murkowski's vote with a deal sweetener. Please remind her she has 185,000 Alaskans on Medicaid. @lisamurkowski
Thank you, @SenatorCollins.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Collins! Recruit two friends!
repeal ACA. Get on board. Good grief.
Thank you!
THANK YOU @SENATORCOLLINS!!!
Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA.
Portman and Paul are also Nos for motion to proceed
Is Portman confirmed? Will there be a "THE Buckeye buyout" to complement the polar payoff?
Portman is a No cuz of cuts to Medicaid. Unless money put back in Medicaid he will not vote for it.
Darn MEDICAID JUNKIES are terrible for our USA.  We HAD  a work ethic in our country that too many of you desire to completely destroy.
Yep. Wish you could have told my 92-year-old grandmother that back when she was in a nursing home at the end of her life.
(2/2) we nevr told her she didn't have a home to return to, too heartbreaking. Many ppl can't afford to quit their jobs to care for family
I am both long-disabled & elderly. So, cut the gult trip attempts. They won't work. Better 2 listen & research intently. Not give pwr 2 gov!
Thank You Susan Collins.
You're my hero. I never thought I'd say this but I guess @RandPaul is as well.
In a crumbling democracy I absolutely applaud the courage and decency this takes Senator.  You give me the vague sense of hope.
Thank you Senator Collins.
Thank you, Senator
Thank you for your sanity.
Thank you for staying strong and committed to your constituents.
Thank you Senator. Hopefully a couple more of the Senators will join you and turn to bipartisan solutions.

I guess you have your own plans to fix a law that is not fixable! Your decision is not fiscally responsible.Medicaid cuts are slower % rates
Thank you!
Awesome! Thanks for fighting!
Thank you @SenatorCollins!
You lie when you say Obama made mistake passing ACA w/no R support. He tried to get R support; how we got ACA=RomneyCare=Heritage Plan.
Thank you, from a Democrat voter.
thank you for your no vote. We need repair not repeal. We need bipartisan work .
Thank you, @SenatorCollins. Wish more senators thought of their electorates like you do
Are you the only Republican in the Senate that has the intelligence to know kicking off 22~30Mil pp from HealthCare is a bad idea?
@MSNBC
Thank youSenator! US can't be a leader  if we don't take care of our vulnerable populations. Working w/Dems makes sense.#compromise
Thank you, Senator. I'm a progressive in a blue state distant from yours, but your courage on this issue is commendable.
Thank you so much @SenatorCollins ! #ACA
Thank you Senator Collins. We need a bipartisan solution on healthcare. Let's work together to get it done!
You have supposedly been "ready to work together" for the last 7 years and all you've come up with is obstruction and disrespect for POTUS!
Let it all collapse
As a rather far leftie I salute you & w/ PPH: https://youtu.be/KbfFb6-3s5w .
I am a 3rd generation, died in the wool, democrat. I have so much respect for you voting no on Deathcare. Be strong Susan Collins.
Dyed! Dullard!
I stand corrected.
A reduction in increase is NOT a cut. Cost reducing choice&competition across state lines, mandates removed,will  give us better HC products
Wrong, when hundreds of billions in cuts lead to 22 million losing health coverage, that qualifies as a cut.
Do you think one in five of us should be on Medicaid or do you think we should create jobs that supply healthcare? One in five is a scandal.
Thank you, Sen Collins. Fix ACA. NO repeal! Right decision!
Finally an adult in the GOP. Great job Senator Collins Standing for right even if you stand alone.
Thank you.
Senator, thatnk you for doing your job! Country before party my friends in Maine are lucky you have you
Putting our people and our nation before partisan politics! A whole lot of Republican tails are tucked between legs, not yours, Semper Fi
Senator Collins I bet u r thankful u r not in same position as Angus.. a 1 term senator. U would not be reelected.
flaws? i thought it was a perfect system? we kept our plans. kept our doctors. rates were lowered. oh, wait....
Say YES to the health bill. We NEED to get rid of the horrible obama care disaster.  ACA SUCKS... REPEAL. If not, I hope you get voted OUT.
Thank you Sen. Collins. Your level-head is appreciated by most of us 
Great job! Proud of you! #bravecongresswomen
Then why even consider this horrendous “tax” bill.  It does literally nothing good over life of bill for middle class.  I know you are smart enough to realize this and clearly displayed courage and principles during ACA vote. Why would you cave in now?  They get to you?  Threats?
Pass a clean repeal and then work on bipartisan reforms. This should have been done in the 1st place instead of partisan ACA!!
Too flawed to fix. Leave medicaid alone and repeal everything else in the ACA.
How’s Jeff? The American people still waiting for your apology for voting him in.
Cutting out the sheer fraud using up the funding would be a great start, but there is more waste in it than that! You need to shape up!
CUT MEDICAID NOW!!!!!!!!
Susan Collins really does work for th US people. Won't be bullied. She puts country 1st.
I count 3 Senate GOP no's

Do you have seven questions?
Why do you ask?
Thought maybe you knew Portman clarified that he was merely undecided.
No, I was unaware. Thank you.
Loser in my mind and traitor
I want to THANK U WITH ALL MY SOUL, for ur vote against cutting millions of Americans' HC! TY for voting ur conscious. I'm now following u!
@grantbosse -so happy Sen Collins isn't willing to put $$ over people unlike others
Thank you so much for standing strong for ALL OF US!
Thank you!
THANK YOU!!!!
If Medicaid is the only reason you're saying No, then that's a warning bell. U r willing to let insurance co. cut essential benefits???!!?

Thank you. Hold firm, please.
Yea hold firm so that ppl who r too lazy can stay on card while we, the hard workers pay out our ass. You just want reflection. Hope u don't
Same tired, cold-hearted crap. You must be a real delight.
cloud? I has a brother wth lung cancer. Was only able 2 get Caid b/c they that he was Spanish
so don't talk to me about cold hearted and Medicaid. Ppl down my street on it and are not
Ok, then you should be against this bill   You should also be upset with your leader since he will be "angry" if it doesn't pass
Stop talking to be ...Im done with you!
2/2 These stats r for 1 type of cancer among thousands! #preexistingconditions & affordable rates, no lifetime caps is essential! Thank you!
Fix the Heathcare Bill before the vote next week.
Thank you.
I sure hope u r working behind the scenes 2 get other GOP's 2 vote NO w/ you. Compromise should have a chance. Stop this Healthcare Bill.
Thank you, Senator Collins.  It is so wonderful to hear someone who wants to fix the problems rather than just playing politics.
New to tweet stuff.So may be just answering myself.Any way might point is my wife and were both supporters u talk of term limits and why.why
Thank you @senatorCollins.
What's wrong with taking a FIRST STEP. Make additional changes later. AMERs have no choices. Costly healthcare or none! What about them?
Nice to have a senator who puts people above party
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Just repeal it !
Thank you so much!!!
The people on Medicaid abuse the system. Check to see how many Medicaid dollars are spent on opioids. Research .
THANK YOU. 

No annual or lifetime caps please.
do you know what being a team player is? Please get off your high horse and get something DONE for President Trump.
Thank you! I heard your speech yesterday & agree fixes need to be made to ACA but many of us would be in dire situation if this goes thru
God bless Sen Collins. A true Down Easter! Thank you!
Thank you for being sensible, reasonable, and having a heart!  #CountryAboveParty #WorkToFixACA #NoRepeal
you gotta stay no on this. a vote to throw millions off their http://h.care  is inhumane means you'll have blood on your hands.
THANK YOU.  YOU ARE THE HOPE OF OUR COUNTRY.  KEEP SHOWING WHAT REAL LEADERSHIP LOOKS LIKE,
Make sure this doesn't get done as is. Help us older Americans who can't afford $15K premiums!  I'm 62 on SS. Give Medicare to us!!!
#HellerVoteNo
thank you senator Collins. You are putting country first. This coming from life long Democrat.
By the way all of Congress are liars saying they care about USA health care. They like you wallow in  very rich and free health care plan
God bless you Senator Collins for putting your constituents first#Realleadership #I'mwithher
having lived in Maine for 17 years I'm grateful to you for thinking through the healthcare bill and opposing it.
Thank you.
Thank you for showing true political courage and leadership.
Gee thanks Sen.Susan Collins.As an  undergrad.and masters as TA I saw u speak in the 1970s @UMO.U were like Mr.Muskie and Bill C.So now?
Can you convince one more of your colleagues to do the same?
@marcorubio What about you? Your constituents want to know. Please #VoteNo #AHCA
We won't give up until Medicare for All, or else.
The ACA isn't 'flawed', it's designed to destroy American health care so gov't can intrude in people's lives more. #RepealReplace
Thank you Senator Collins!
Than you from the bottom of my  The country needs more Senators will to work together!
Excellent !
Thank you Sen. Collins for supporting those in ME and other states that truly need healthcare!
I and so many more could not be more disappointed in your actions since the election...no votes here for you again!
Kill the GD bill
Repeal, stop bailing out insurance companies who got in ObummerCrap bed, stop expanding Medicaids !
Thank you thank you thank you thank you.
Thank You! And my children thank you!
Thank you!
Continue to stand your ground and vote no on this terrible bill #Respectedsenator
We need cuts in entitlements
Thank you for putting people first.
Thank you Senator Collins.  American people want bipartisan cooperation.
@ThomasB00001 @SenToddYoung note your fellow senator exercises commonsense- do the people's business not Koch's business.
Thank you @SenatorCollins for standing up for your voters
Please talk to some of your fellow GOP moderates!
Thank u for being sensible. I think u are on the right path. The American people need affordable healthcare.
In Obama care what is it that needs to be  fixed to make it a real good care bill

Just change parties already. You have not been  a Rep in years.
Why are you forcing me to subsidize others Insurance?  This is Socialism!
Thanks and now please expand Medicare to cover all Americans, thanks! Also, thanks.
Thank you Senator, for being the GOP's voice of reason on this issue. America appreciates it.
Try voting on the Republican side...or go back home
Maine's other democratic senator who is a complete liar !!! I wouldn't vote for you again if you were the only one on in the race
Good for you. Apparently one of the few who has a conscience.
There you go. There's plenty to be fixed. This new bill isn't the answer though.
Thank you!
So what, baby step Repeal is fine! Do your job!  We do NOT want Dems opinion! Hard to work if u do NOT have a job! Seriously!
I truly cannot wait until The next election cycle where you will be ousted. Your lack of knowledge for the blue-collar worker is disgusting.

This is great if it is true! Thank you, a breast cancer survivor under 65!!!
Thanks very much for not joining the rest of the Republican party in attempting to murder Americans.

Thank you for your courage
Thank you Senator Collins.
Senator Collins.  I don't always agree with your policies, you are becoming my hero. Standing up for those who have the most to lose #brave
And why wasn't this done to start out with instead of jerking the American people around?   Fix the ACA.     PLEASE!
Thank you Senator Collins for being assertive, voting against harmful ideas, and wanting to work together with Dems in a great, united way!
Keep standing up for their bipartisan bill very proud of you convince your colleagues
Shout-out to @SenatorCollins  YouAreDoingTheRightThing
Thank you!
THANK YOU Senator Collins for standing up for the American people! We will remember...especially the 22 million you are directly helping.
If you stand in the way of Obamacare repeal I will fund anybody that runs against you including a Democrat which you are anyway
Seize #RepealAndReplace w/#SinglePayer! When income is too high for #ACA subsidy http://bit.ly/2t9vOGT  Bracing for higher premiums 2017
Thank you
FFS you're useless...
Thank you for being a senator with integrity, who is willing to go against party in support of country. #healthCARE
Thank you Senator Collins
Welcome to the right side of history. We hope you stay.
Thanks, Senator Collins!
Why are you not telling them there are no cuts. Just reducing automatic increases. It's called baseline budgeting. Only government uses it.
Thank you for standing up for the people

What if you left the @GOP and caucused with Dems as an independent like @SenAngusKing ?! Just putting it out there.
Thank you for your no vote on the MTP. #RepairNotReplace #RepairNotRepeal
Thank you Sen Collins for courage and foresight to vote NO.
Single payer now.
Stay strong and work for the people not the party.
.@SenatorCollins #StayStrongSusan! Thank you for emphasizing need for bipartisan collaboration to improve #ACA! People > party!
What a wasted republican seat. This is a liberal in sheeps clothing
Thank you.
Thank U Sen.SusanCollins 4 Your No Vote!!
Just repeal!  Hammer out everything else and don't leave Washington until you do!
We need representatives to care for people they represent & who want to make the country a better place for all Americans.
Thank you Sen. Collins
Thankful for you Senator.
THANK YOU, Sen. Collins.
Stop them from pulling the funding! Don't give tax brakes to the very rich!
Thank you!
Step down! More citizens voted for President than u. U want funding PP! Get out
Thank you!!
I hope you realize what ur doing!When time comes we'll do everything in our power to replace u with another Republican! Ur the Swamp, gone
