You must be kidding!!!!!
Congratulations Senator. Very well deserved.
Congratulations, Senator!  Pls continue to support meaningful infrastructure with #NotOnePenny for the wall.
BS !  Never Collins again msine !
Big deal what does God say about what you do that you think no one knows about
Don't  forget Not passing repeal of ahca,tax reform,budget ,literally everything needed to restore our country.thank. total crock!!!!!!!
Thanks for voting against Trumpcare.  Plz support single-payer; all other industrialized nations have it
You are no hero.  You supported party over country.  Voted for Tillerson & Devos,  neither qualified for the job.  Why?  You are a weasel.
Pulling out and having continued uncertainty is going to create jobs? Your woman of the year and I'm king of England
U r a joke..  kidding? Two votes u and hubby.  Retire. Maine. Where are u.
@SenatorCollins  Congratulations. High integrity strong character
Did you say create jobs? You think keeping Obummer care and hAving millions kicked off their insurance come 2018 so to all major companies
Despicable Susan Collins---a snake in the cloth of a ram
awesome, great job, look at you look at you, your soooo awesome. Not!!!
Yuck
The best way to improve our nation would be to #ImpeachTrump . What is going on is a travesty.  You're worried.  We're worried.  Do it!
They must be crazy...can't they see you won't vote to pass what they want!
thats lovely to hear
Nothing but obstruct and vilify efforts to repeal Ocare and get back to doctor patient centered true care. Doubt you provided answers here.
Sen Collins: PP donated $20 mm to Hillary's primary, gets $500 million + annually from US gov, 2014 profit $127 mm! Find an alternative!
And deny healthcare to millions.
Do you do ANYTHING other than photo ops, especially with people who give you trivial honors so you can say how honored you are by them?
That award is as wavy as your politics , you should be given a giant dildo award for screwing us all !!!
McCain, Collins, Murkieski will be voted out!   care more about themselves than us. They r the swamp! Where's the medical u promised?
Bravo Senator, well-earned. Keep up the great work for all Americans! 

Thank you
Stop supporting taxpayer money to ppact defundpp
Not one penny in tax cuts for the rich Shillsan. Who exactly do you stand for?  The people of Maine or your corporate donors?
What did you do to grow the economy, create jobs and improve infrastructure?
I think you and @Acosta should get a blankie & a binkie a tell each other how great you are.  #Clueless
Traitor
It's too bad most of the jobs are overseas
I think Collins is pathetic! Never once has she tried to work together with president Trump! We need congress to help fulfill promises!
Congratulations! Well deserved I'm sure 
Shame u have done none of those Susan how about u getting back 2work & actually getting on board with what the 62.5 Million ppl voted 4#MAGA
#ImpeachTrumpNow He is illegitimate, incompetent, ignorant and ill. #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #gopracism #GOPFAIL
You are so awesome!
What???
Traitor!
Bull crap!
All by yourself?

What exactly happened that was do to your efforts only?
And not give us good healthcare. Thanks traitor
Congrats but you haven't done that you have obstructed progress. We will see how you vote on pres trump infrastructure bill.
Like to know evidence for work for which honored
And obstruct you RINO! Shameful!
Love love love love love THAT! Good job!
Personal liberty  is the only answer!
You voted no on O'care repeal!!!! The biggest job killer of them all! Your a progressive=communist! Government is not the answer!
What a joke! Create jobs. Exactly  how did you do this. Gov doesnt create jobs. It sucks all the monies to build new jobs
maybe better if you got your self back to work for a change
Now you sound like our President. Where have you been???
gag me
Hahahahaha !!!
Get back to work. MANY ISSUES.
Let's hope @realDonaldTrump will SEE this & UNDERSTAND This is how work GETS DONE! Although if he ends DACA he's CLUELESS!! #DACA
Thank you for your leadership
Main should be a province of Canada
Ironic that you screwed the nation with Obama Care. You own it RINO
Congratulations
Congratulations. Thank you for your service to our country.
#Susan4SenateMajLeader
Who in the hell did you lie to. Did American people vote for this or your relatives?
Congratulations- speaking of growing economies- tax reform bill.  8 1/2 yrs to get it done-Americans need this act now!
Congrats and let's keep growing
The only thing Susan should be used for is a cure for Alzheimer's!
Do they give awards for a crushing national debt?
Did you get anything for voting to ruin our health care system?
Kudoes on your patriotic service to America!
Congratulations
Hope your shoulder pops out of place while your patting yourself on the back
great.....after you shackled us with Obamacare....lol
Congratulations!
What a joke! The ONLY way to improve our nation is to rid ourselves of you and other rinos. Would be more accurate to say traitor of the yr
Good for you, Congresswoman, now get some rest.  You've got more than a budget/taxes & storm waiting, 1/2
you've got to get unfit @POTUS out before he causes more damage to our Democracy. 2/2
America is a REPUBLIC
Congratulations Senator Collins--well deserved!  Please continue to stand your ground and put country over party , it's become your "brand"
Would it be safe to say @WendyMc1111 is likely an abortion proponent or a union teacher, high fiving Sen Sue
Congratulations!
You should replace her. Please.
she aint done thing one but contradict @realDonaldTrump  you  should give that award to him!!!
You richly deserve it. Hardworking, honest public servant from a strong family of the same. Caribou--indeed all of Maine, must be proud.
Were the final candidates just you and Hillary?  She is the only one I can see you beating.
yipeeeee!!! Congratulations!!! I live in Dallas, so I cannot vote for you. I certainly would if I could!!!!!
Couldn't vote to defeat Obamacare because her State didn't want to lose windfall tax $ for Medicare. Most welfare is tax payers blood $
congratulations!
Congrats
Well deserved !
Congratulations senator Collins.
very few problems to solve first. But even if we do all that, then wholesale cost of fake eyelashes are more $ than retail can afford. 2/2
Well deserved.
Congratulations Senator Collins! Your character and smarts are an inspiration to a generation.
Well deserved. Thank you for standing up against Trump's antics.
One of my favorite senators . Well deserved
Congratulations Senator!
Congratulations.
