don't all Senators meet with foreign dignitaries? And he has now recused himself. Maybe Loretta Lynch should take notes
He lied under oath and should resign. Pressure him to resign.
If I lied under oath would I be allowed to clarify my statement at a later date?
this is not enough.  Sessions needs to resign.  NOW. Please insist on resignation
Please Senator Collins, he and others with Russian connections must GO!  Do your job and drain this SWAMP!
Sessions did nothing wrong. He was doing his job. This mess is the shadow government trying to bring down the Trump admin.
Lying under oath is, by definition, a crime. And wrong.
when did he lie under oath? You better check your facts and complete text, before you accuse someone.
He explicitly denied having any contact with Russians during campaign in Senate testimony = felony
That is NOT perjury.  He was testifying in the context of the Trump campaign.
Lying to a congressional committee is a felony; perjury if under oath. Period.
In the true context of the question that was asked of Mr Sessions he told the truth
"In the true context?" That's some rationalization!
and like you or any other politicians haven't ever talked to ambassadors. Keep playing to the snowflakes. #unemploymentline
interesting you called exactly what AG Sessions did to save his hide he needs to resign he lied under oath
You R pathetic N need to get out of the swamp
He should resign for many reasons.  He is a whore.  Bought paid and owned by the alochol industry.
@GOP The American people deserve better. Are you ALL in collusion with Russia? Et tu, Senator Collins? #FireSessions
Yes he must recuse for appearance sake. Beyond that nothing. Nothing wrong with talking to Russia. There's a Ukraine issue.
There is an investigation going on that has come up with nothing to date. We as a nation interfere with elections anyway
he should resign
- No, not just recuse himself. He needs to resign, as does trump and all his cronies. Wouldn't be a bad idea if you did too.
You should not have recommended Sessions for AG in the first place, and he needs to resign now for lying under oath.
you must do more than this. You must call for Sessions to resign.
@Gingrich_of_PA You're a cuck #Rev18 c/o Dixie Nation and WickMediaProductions #War
also, he should resign from AG. Or you should fire him. #Perjury #Collusion #Treason
HE LIED under oath and you find him qualified to be the nation's lawyer?! We deserve better and you should know that. Shame!
- Susan Collins Is Irrelevant - Maine RINO - National Embarrassment!
Why not resignation? He is the AG and commited perjury, then denied it.
Look up perjury...stupid
perjury: the offense of willfully telling an untruth in a court after having taken an oath or affirmation.

shouldn't me resign for lying?
Not recuse, RESIGN!!!
That is not acceptable. He committed perjury. He has zero credibility as AG and must resign.
TY for ur work on the Committee, but the ship has sailed. Ind investigation, SP and AG resignation  are needed now.
Shame on you @SenatorCollins. This partisan witch hunt on all things Russia is a smoke screen & something to divert attn
I have seen useless tweets in my day but the tweets from Collins are the absolute worst.  What next..how to bake a pie?
You know you're complicit in treason now, right?
when are you up for reelection?  Country before party.
You need to stop making statements and get to tax reform.  Getting a little tired of hearing your bla...bla...bla.
.@SenatorCollins 
"What would Margaret do? "
We need you to be our Margaret Smith this year. Everything that can be known, must be known.
You are a traitor to the party. You will not win re-election. Repubs will see to that.
seems like a logical solution. Even the appearance of impropriety is corrosive
I called you today asking for Sessions resignation. Necessary. Imperative. Who will preserve our democracy?
@tomricks1 IF THIS IS A CONSULAR SHIP THEN WHERE IS THE AMBASSADOR?
shame on you; you are as difficult as the Dumbocratic obstructionists. Support your President and his vision!
You are being corrupt, you did not call for Holder and Lynch to recuse themselves when they covered up crimes by Obama
Way to go, Senator Collins!
I didn't know that the definition of perjury depends on party affiliation. Sessions lied to you. He needs to resign.
Perjury depends on intentional lying about a pertinent fact.  This ain't it...dumbo.
He needs to turn himself in.
Senator, there is a major trust issue with AG Sessions. Recusal is not enough. It's tough but he needs to be replaced.
recusal is not sufficient, unfortunately. The Russians helped sway voters in favor of Trump team. Sessions was on that team.
Trump should be commended for already accomplishing so much while countless miniature poodles nip at his ankles.
Once again you fall in step with the radical liberals like Pelosi and Schumer.
way too late for recusal.  He needs to resign.  He will be part of the investigation now.
The Session investigation ended before it started.  Everyone can see the testimony.  The end.
He lied under oath. Isn't that perjury?

Recusal is too mild an option.
This is huge.   He needs to resign and to be prosecuted.  UnAmerican. @SenAngusKing @SpeakerRyan
you should ask him to step down. You know you would if it was a @HillaryClinton appointee. Let's do the right thing!
Sessions perjured himself. Bounce him out and let's start the important work of dragging this mess into the light of day.
Do you know what perjury is?  Obviously not.
Good start, but doesn't perjury demand not just recusal, but resignation and prosecution?
this is the moment by which you will be judged. Party or country? You chose party.
with all due respect your statement lacks the force this issue requires. @jeffsessions should be persuaded to resign.
I am a constituent. I contacted you several times to share my concerns about Sessions prior to his confirmation. (1/2)
For me, it's essential that you stand up against the pressure to support party over country. I believe in your strength.
disappointed you are not showing your previous bipartisan courage. Please take the next step to do the right thing.
@armandodkos Clarify? It was a straight up, bald-faced lie.
It was not.  And you are a straight up dumbo.
@TheBaxterBean He lies too when it suits him, but for his purposes of destabilization, the truth often works just as well.
@thegarance Been Cherrypicking on party over country - votes! Scared of 2018. Sorry This Stand is Not Good Enough.
#TrumpSwamp
That's funny, didn't realize that was the punishment for perjury now... 
It wasn't perjury.  Perjury requires an intentional lie about a pertinent fact.  This is more waste of tax $
He should resign. His lie led to his confirmation; thus his perjury is a felony. There's no other way to spin this.
Uh..we can watch the testimony.  That pretty much discredits the accusations.  Now doesn't it?
Too late for recusal. Needs to resign.
He must Resign Effective immediately! no Recuse.He intentionally Lied under Oath to congress,it's called Perjury.
He should go to jail, yet Susie says recuse? I miss Olympia's honesty...no wonder she bailed. #insanityingovt
Not good enough. He needs to resign. Should never have been appointed. Use your head. Don't vote with Repubs.
Sorry @SenatorCollins the word you're looking for is "resign" not recuse.
Lying before Congress is NOT simply "oops, my bad."
#TrumpRussia
uuum, I think you meant resign. Recuse would have been yesterday before he got caught lying.
Your just being Weak! Don't let the Dems make you fall to their Ways! Their just trying to Destroy Pres.
Please be more informed before you spout on social network, you are part of the problem#drainthe swamp
@jacoblp 
"Life ain't no Nintendo game"- @Eminem 
No do-overs on perjury
You and the @HouseGOP Need to Stand With @jeffsessions ! Get With it!  He did NOTHING WRONG! You know!
Too little, too late. You supported this hot mess of a lying, perjuring fool.
Your phone lines are busy again. That's a sign that many of your constituents are very unhappy.
#notownhallnoanswer 
please, Senator. Please ask for his resignation. He lied under oath. Can you assure us that he did lie under oath?
I disagree. Sessions lied multiple times and should resign. You must fight for that. #TraitorSessions #sessionsgate
he should resign or be fired immediately.
Did you make a statement when Loretta met up with Bill on the plane? Pls repost that statement asking for Loretta to recuse?
Senator Collins, with all respect, it's not too late to jump over the aisle. We need you.
Thank u for speaking out but recusal is not enough after lying under oath, Sessions must resign!
thank you, Senator Collins!
asking sessions to recuse himself is completely missing the fact that he lied to congress. You should put him in jail.
Oh ya like the way Hillary is in jail for lying to Congress
"He should clarify his statements"?  His statements were perjury.  Grow a backbone, Senator.
ME's beloved moderate REP. NO MORE. Get a backbone and stand for what's right and appropriate.
@blackrepublican I really don't know why Senator Collins doesn't just change parties. She really would be a better fit there
He needs to resign.
This is not enough. Please call for his resignation now! When is the OPEN TOWN HALL???
You should call for resignation. Recusal is too little. You must also call for independent investigation. #Trumprussia
No, Sessions' perjured himself @ HIS OWN CONF. HEARING. There's nothing 2 clarify; it's crystal clear. HE MUST RESIGN.
Thank you for always thinking with your head and not your party. People like you that represent the Republican Party well.
the man is a liar and thief, one in the same. Town Hall Suzie?
He needs to resign! What is he saying now - he never met w/RA; can't remember; met w/RA but can't remember what was said???
How do you like being threatened by Chair Nunes?
when will you become the moderate repub everyone says you are? Just another nodding head. Especially around @jeffsessions
This goes beyond recusal! And it's time to subpoena those tax records, don't you think? #Sessions #TrumPutin
The democrat robot tweets are costing them a fortune.  We should investigate who is paying for these.
thank you
And have his assistant investigate? WRONG. He needs to resign. PERIOD.
He isn't going to do any such thing and Congress needs to get to work and quit with the statements.
Be specific. Recuse himself from what?
!!!
NO, he LIED to congress. He should be FIRED! The ONLY hope for the survival of our democracy is an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
Given how vigorously you endorsed AG, it was great that u r not yielding on ensuring high standards even w friends/colleague
She also isn't asking him to resign which is obvious that is the only option
what is wrong with you? Do you always turn tail and run?
no spin from you can hide the fact that #Sessionslied under oath & committed perjury abt Russian ties #resign
He did not lie under oath and everyone knows it.  We can listen to the hearing, ya know.
Recuse?  He needs to RESIGN

and at any rate, that goddamn halfwit should never have been confirmed
just saw @DevinNunes ask for names of people with knowledge of wrongdoings. You have those names?
.@senatorcollins Wine which weds #Israel & #Palestine also redeems ALL POLITICALLY CORRECT SESSIONS incl ObAminations; INRI FAIR RETRIAL NOW
