Universal health care is the answer, stop catering to insurance company's
Time for TRUTH!  NO socialized medicine!  #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!
Please,  #KeepThePromise and give us #FullRepeal!!  No #SwampCare!!   #UnitedForFreedom
#FullRepeal on socialized healthcare. America is watching. #2018 #UnitedForFreedom
Please don't allow the fake repeal bill to continue.  #FullRepeal
Why are you NOT on healthcare committee? Demand representation. No women. Come on! Bill disproportionately impacts women negatively. Fight!
Thank you for voting to protect the environment
#FullRepeal as promised every root & branch of O'care!
Tweaks to Ocare in House not even close to #FullRepeal. Stop outrageous government overreach! Government is not Daddy. 
#UnitedForFreedom
If you truly care about people's health, you will research #chemtrails and find out why they are dumping chemicals in the air.
By "fresh new approach", she means she'll choose the white "pussy grabber" over having a black guy in charge any day!

#FULLREPEAL #UNITEDFORFREEDOM #KEEPYOURPROMISE Goverment hands off of our healthcare.
Be very careful with Mainer's health care.  Tune into Bruce Poliquin's pink slip delivery and "firing" at the Augusta State HOuse- #Resist
Single payer is a fresh approach,Get rid of the Insurance Corps.
#TRUMPRUSSIA IS THE ONLY THING WE WANT TO HEAR ABOUT! YOU'RE DONE!
Come on Susan, time to act. Trump is now claiming to have invented the phrase, "prime the pump".  Time is fleeting.
It is high time the G O P step it up and stop trying to push their version of big government healthcare. #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom
#FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom Honor the SEVEN year promise of REPEAL. Government doesn't need to be in the healthcare business

.@SenatorCollins, #FulfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference 
PLEASE flood the DOJ with calls asking for a special prosecutor to  investigate Trump/Russia. -1-202-353-1555- If it's busy, keep trying
Fix and fund ACA. Why start over? Protect preexisting. No high risk pools. No waivers. Healthcare for all without worry!
The only thing you should b discussing is a #FullRepeal. Anything less than that is unconstitutional. #UnitedForFreedom.
Federal gov't has no Constitutional role in healthcare - let free enterprise work! 
#Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Firing JC. This is Trump covering up.  Make him release his taxes. Follow the money. Collins statement this am biased.she's lost my ME vote.
Listen to the experts and your constituents.  This should not be a tax break for wealthy like the House bill.
I just heard on PBS the #ACA was a partisan effort. I'm not a Dem, but it sure wasn't their fault you didn't help. You were asked.
U should B ASHAMED of yourself for defending the firing of Comey on NPR this afternoon. ASHAMED!!!!
Don firing Comey requires independent investigation #DoYourJob !!!
You r ridiculous
where is your self respect, you're not even included!
Trump fired FBI director. Please SAVE US from Trump
Talk to @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee  Learn how to get premiums down before you blow up a good healthcare plan for everyone worrying about 3% 
Taking money from Planned ParentHood is why you really have no say.  You are only looking out for your own pocketbook.
#StopAHCA. I do not deserve to die because I have a #PreexistingCondition
It is a great start!  Push for this as a start-cross the isle- this could be a winner
You should be on the committee -- it needs a woman's voice.
Please move to California where your nitwit ideas belong
Please keep fighting for American health. AHCA will hurt so many Americans according to every healthcare org. below. And they say why.
But 13 of your male colleagues in the senate chose not to include you or any other women in writing a new healthcare bill.Aren't you fed up?

An album of the traitors to America - The Republicans that are sentencing 24 million Americans to pain & suffering https://goo.gl/photos/MfHjHGcfaih4Cqea7 …
How do we get Ted Cruz off and at least two women on Senate healthcare panel?
Will you vote against the GOP plan to strip vulnerable fellow citizens, children, elderly, women, of their access to affordable healthcare?
SCOTT DWORKIN JUST PUT OUT THAT WHITE HOUSE CONTACTED GOP AND TRIED TO GET HEARINGS CANCELED TODAY! OBSTRUCTION!
If you can help produce bipartisan improvements to the ACA, you'll be earning this Maine Democrat's vote. Universal coverage is the goal!
When pp stops their abortion factory & actually do women's health care we'll give them $
Retire! You're and obstructionist. Women can pay for their own sexual cravings and contraception. You aren't on the right team!
Your views on planned parenthood are misguided. Why do they lie about what services they offer ? Seriously, why do they lie ?
The 1st thing Senate must do to have any credibility on health care is to set aside the huge tax cut that is the core of the House Bill.
Taking the time to do health care right MUST include giving Democrats input, as they gave you on Obamacare. Are you doing that?
No!  We don't want a new bill from scratch....  FIX ACA!!   It can be done.  Of course if u fix ACA u can't give tax breaks to the wealthy.
Why are there no women on the committee to rewrite the Health care bill?
You are my senator. Please don’t let the AHCA become law.
When you're done, maybe you could wash our socks.
the goal here is to eliminate or paralyze all opposition to a rollback of society to the 1940s era...where women & POC "knew their places"
yeah, now let's remember Susie, point is to take out as many women & POC you can & slowly make it available ONLY to rich white males, okay?
Why should my tax  pay for a for profit entity of pp. This is not right why you supporting pp
Please move to North Carolina.
Step 1:  Pass a law making it illegal for Big Pharma and Insurance Czars to bribe politicians anymore.
Step 2:  FIX the ACA.  There can be fixes applied as it stands which is easier than starting "from scratch."
You're a faux Republican and you need to be voted out.
Starting from scratch?  No need to waste our $. We deserve better & u got voted in and could be voted out. Elections can't come soon enough!
Make ACA better. No to AHCA @GOP needs to stop wasting our $ & voted out who most r bought by Koch Bros. Mcare, Mcaid, SS EPA etc protect!
She needs to call herself a Democrat.  Funds can be better spent improving county clinics not private corporations like planned Parenthood
Go ahead and get out of the @GOP because we already know you are just a complaining RINO. NOTHING will be good enough for you.
You make no sense shaky voice RINO. Can't afford Obamacare anyway so how is this one anymore "unaffordable"?
Please do not pass #ACHA.  All iterations so far will hurt older & rural Americans. Encourage moderate Republicans and Democrats to #FixACA.
so u want to fund planned parenthood go ahead and stand on that issue dare ya,be a dem
Planned Parenthood is a disgusting organization practicing eugenics.  Their limited health care can be funded by medicaid not abortionists.
Susan you should really think about switching parties you are more in line with the obstructionists we the people support Trump unlike u
Thank you Sen. Collins for not following blindly. I will absolutely lose my insurance if the ACA safeguards are removed. #PeoplebeforeParty
Please pass this health bill! Obamacare is dying! My daughter will never be out of hospital debt because of Obamacare!
This is what you are not telling your voters about AHCA . #votesmatter @#GOPDeathPanels GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC @ABC
Heading in the right direction, senator. Please don't disappoint us again. Represent us.
AARP IS AGAINST The house bill
So happy to see a sane conversation about this issue. @SenateMajLdr needs to put you on the committee! Healthcare cost transparency!
Heard your interview on CNN this AM re ACHA. I'm a Democrat from MI and am pulling for you with you desire to EXPAND coverage to MORE folks!
Please don't let them take our healthcare away, please think of the women. They want us all dead, that's how it feels out here in the USA.
Thank you! No Trumpcare! No lifetime limits. No high-risk pools. Keep community ratings and essential benefits. Fix and fund the ACA.
You all talk about rights all the time except for the rights of our tiniest Americans who LOSE their ONLY CHANCE at life because of PP!
We have every right not to want one single TAX dollar going to a place that is HEINOUS and who TAKES LIFE instead of giving it!
the aca was the most evil thing any President has EVER DONE to a people! you have I guess NO IDEA! what he put us thru.. please END IT!
every time we need to count on you to help our President HELP US you end up on the other side defending evil! We are DESPERATE out here
and how are you going to face GOD when HE asks why you would not help stop Planned Parenthood from slaughtering his babies? PLEASE!
it sure would be nice if you were on OUR side like your supposed to be and understood that obama has left us WITH NOTHING! no insurance!
If Obamacare is not repealed and replaced I will find an Independent to run against you even if the Dems win. Sick of your RINO crap.
Thank you Senator for using a common sense approach to women's reproductive health. Here to support you as you navigate the senate bill.
Your legislation should already be created, WTF have you been doing for the last 8 years sucking.....what?
Rather than start from scratch, could you just make a few minor tweaks to the ACA and call it good?
Y don't u just put that D in front of ur name already. Baby killing supporter
We know and respect the fact that you don't tow the part line. Keep America healthy #VoteNoAHCA
Your constituents and country are counting on you. Please do the right thing. Don't be a puppet of your misguided party
In the end, she almost always is.
@CNN @SenateGOP  Admire Your Clarity Senator Maybe That's Why You're Not Part of the 12...Mitch wants Same Thinking in that box
you might as well also join the Democrat party while you're at it

you're well beyond being just a RINO
RINO
Please fight for women Senator Collins
Thank you for being a voice of reason on the ACA...you are one R who is advocating for the Am. people!  I wish more Rs were like you!
Thank you for your leadership and call for a bipartisan bill.
you do not speak for me it is time  2 #DefundPP
I have to wonder if @SenatorCollins ever gets tired of lying to the American People?
Unfortunately you showed your ignorance by not knowing what IS IN ACA BILL. Also not sure we can trust u. U seem to roll over 4 McConnell
Lets B clear. We didnt elect U2 "start from scratch". We elected @POTUS 4 that. Improve it fix it but dont go off on some narcissistic quest
Thank you for your considered approach!  The house bill as written for be catastrophic for Mariners. #affordablehealthcare
Your healthcare proposal was a piece of crap. Get government out of healthcare
Obama care my friends that lie about finances pay $3.00 for procedure I pay 1,600  ,if your concerned about people dying how about babies PP
All you do is obstruct anything the president wants to do . Time to declare you're  really a democrat .
She is a thinking person...not just for the R team but for us!  Too bad more of our politicians don't talk and compromise for good solutions
Yes . So she should be in your party . She votes with a liberal leaning .
What she compromises is our right to choose our  care...my body my medical care my choice. Obama care is harmful & steals from the disabled
 PLEASE #DontRepeal the #ACA (thus throwing the baby out with the bath water) 

 PLEASE #FixACA and STRENGTHENit!
It can't be fixed the very ACA policies are why costs are soaring It was planned to fail so socialists could have universal healthcare 
Good interview @SenatorCollins - fight for a plan that helps people-not one that causes suffering but rewards the richest. We're watching!!!
She says whatever is the popular opinion at the time. She's done nothing. She's useless. Useless.
Thank you.
If no seats are open on the #healthcare working group to add a female senator, someone should ofer up theirs, as a gentleman. #AHCA
I hope you can use your influence to get at least one woman on the #healthcare working group. #AHCA
Sorry, Senator. Broadband is so poor here in St. George, I am unable to view the video for fear of using this month's Mbps all at once. 
Kudos. You were far more articulate and balanced than Ryan.  Clearly you care more for your constituents and American ppl than he does!!!
While I frankly want a single-payer system, @SenatorCollins you are articulate and reasonable here esp re: costs and expansion of coverage.
Though I want you to ensure coverage for pre-existing conditions absolutely. My friend's son, born with a hole in his heart...
survived miraculously. He's now a vibrant 10 year old. I'll never support any plan or politician who can't promise him coverage.
You're friend son isn't the only one. My whole entire family including me was going to be drop due to this bill trump and Ryan wanted.
Tho I could care less about me cause I really don't paid attention to that. My granddad and sister however is another story .
Thank you for leading on this critical issue. A bi-partisan committee should look to IMPROVE ACA, not simply get a "win"
Thank you for your thoughtful, truthful and sane interview. You need to have a voice with that panel of old, white men!
As a mother whose 34 year old daughter was diagnosed with juvenile diabetes at the age of 10...thank you for what you said.
You not even a part of the committee it's ALL MEN. They want to decide women health issues without a woman's input WTF.
Work with Dems to modify S.191 - Patient Freedom Act of 2017.  It's an excellent start and a good place to show true bipartisanship.
You mentioned that no one talks about the actual cost of health care. That is something that should be addressed before anything else.
YES! Addressing subsidized insurance cov alone won't improve things 4 millions of Americans.Outrageous costs of health Ins must be addressed
We need to hear more from you!
Finally a woman!!!  Bipartisan!  Yes work together and fix what needs fixing and keep plan parenthood!!!   
Can you please move to Fl and take over for @marcorubio
Ugh can you please NOT more to Florida. #cantpossiblybearepublican
Great interview!  Form your own bipartisan group, present your plan. Get the public behind it. The ONLY way to fix healthcare is BIPARTISAN
pharmaceutical companies gouge prices 400% to 1000%. insurance/ Medicare/medicade pay 80% of that cost! how many meds on law suit list?
You ended your interview spewing the false talking points re .@PPact! Since you support the murder of innocent life, just become a #Dem! 
At least get the story straight. Republicans were invited to work with Dems but refused & obstructed at EVERY issue. Even shutting Gov down
So refreshing to see that you understand both sides of healthcare. Self employed with 1 choice in GA. I support you & @JohnnyIsakson
The Democrats knew the healthcare bill was not perfect but had to pass it to get it started and Republicans refused to work with Dems
At least some folks r trying to work together!  We have to compromise & start bipartisan problem solving. It's the only way to get this done
Yes lives depend on it! So let's stop the lying and putting party before country to get this done!
I heard a pure democrat.
I'm a liberal and I fully support your rational comments!  Appreciate the mere mention of "bipartisan" in these toxic times!
Appreciate your understanding.  I am self employed, don't qualify for exchange, 12k with 1 choice. Focus on healthcare cost!
If states decide our fate, I know what my state, NC, will do. They will waive protections. They've already refused Medicaid expansion. Scary
NC-Very scary!  California is working toward their own single payer system.  So proud of their initiative to actually care for their people!
hoping that with all the concerns you have raised for Maine, etc, you will start fresh.
You do not demand enough from your leadership if you do not EXPECT women to have a voice in Senate bill. We need leaders not status quoers
@senatorcollins is an Excellent GOP representative unlike @MarshaBlackburn
Thank you for giving us the straight scoop unlike Ryan RT al. This plan is awful for this 62 year old with several pre-existing conditions
I wish all congressmen and women exhibited your leadership.  You should be on the panel. We need more balance in the discussion.
Simple: give Medicaid to anyone who has preexisting condition, let the rest of us buy our own insurance on free market! Simple. #mepolitics
Thank you so much for your leadership!!! 
I'm ready to help if needed.
Why aren't you & other women senators on the panel???
Excellent question!
Why does that matter?
Tax relief vs #healthcare. 1% against 99%. You need to contact your Senator. Shame on the @GOP Rich people are going to get real rich.
A very thoughtful intervu. 120mill ppl, more than 53%households r affected by pre-exists. Ryan's continuous coverage&60 days gap'd harm many
No it doesn't
I watched! Not a constituent, but THANK YOU for defending PP. There was a time in my life that was all I could afford for well woman care.
Why does it need to be defended? Really I'd like to know.
It shouldn't, since it provides a myriad of needed services for women. But the GOP persists in attacking it, defunding it, without cause.
Cant it pay for those services without abortion? Why not?
Thank you for pointing out what is missing in the debate, the burden of Healthcare COSTS!
