Hypocrite. Both Bushes supported Secretary of State. Sexist? Why attack accomplished women, unlike yourself. Clown.
Haha No funding 4 traitors-Replacements already in the works./->Say Career Over!<
more wonderful to see ypu resign. How much did teach union pay you traitor?
if u vote against Devos, we vote against YOU when your up for Senate again..
With DeVos in, you have no hope of ever learning the difference between a possessive and a contraction.
Well we all can't always get what we want
You do realize that we know you and @lisamurkowski took money from teachers unions to betray us don't you?
Oh please, stop already.  You really look foolish!
No, I am blocking you so called facts!
We will NOT forget how you voted come 2018. Congratulations Sec.@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Looking forward Our Future Leaders Tku
just taking this opp to thank you for listening to your constituents and voting no to the appointment of Betsy DeVos.
wait when her constituents vote her out.
President Bush is a Republican why praise him you RINO traitor!
thank you for working across party lines.  will happily vote for you in the next election.
Really? They sought to assassinate Regan and take his presidency. The Bush's are traitors to freedom in my book.
Yes. Wonderful also to see you choose integrity over party. #youareachampionforchildren
integrity? How naive! She voted union. She knew shed get in but had to make potus look bad. Shes a scumbag
You need to flip and go with DeVos.  Your constituency will vote you out if you cross Trump.  The unions won't stand with u!
Sen Lisa Murkowski   voted against Devos also
2 dirtbags
please weigh in on #mepolitics - issues facing our country more important than football!!
RINO - Support our President.
Maine has a huge drug problem and now we know why - lack of loyalty and integrity. Shame on you. Hypocrite. Sexist. Jealous?
Hypocrite. Both Bushes supported the Betsy. Shame on you.
thank you senator collins for voting AGAINST devos and with your conscience. As a democrat you have my vote.
Thank you for supporting public education. I applaud and appreciate you.
she supported unions fool!
Remember to vote her out. We don't need traitors either you're with us or againts us 
Even though DeVos was confirmed, I want to thank you for your "no" vote. You and Murkowski are true leaders!
lets find out how much she was given by unions
find a new job
and Devos got confirmed without you. Way to support your special interest. Good luck with your re-election. #double loser

jerk
SHAME ON YOU FOR NOT SUPPORTING YOUR OWN REPUBLICANS!!
you suck we will work to defeat u
You are an elected official your personal agenda has no room 
We the people voted to change the course of the country
after 8 years of nonsense with the Obama administration there should not be any republicans voting against this cabinet
VOTE COLLINS OUT ,
WHEN SHE COMES UP FOR VOTE ,,
TRAITOR TO WE THE PEOPLE
gladly...if she can't work with her own party she needs to go!!
@realDonaldTrump as I said to your colleague from Alaska,my only hope is you hit a patch of black ice on your ride home
as a Republican and teacher will never vote 4 u....our system is horrible. Try something!!! We are failing our children
snake
lining with the left in making goodtruble?
Trump is looking for the best people to serve the country why you cant understand that? Shame, shame on you
election will be time for u to be voted out
You and Murkowski have more courage than rest of Repubs put together. Thank you for doing the right thing & not giving in!
shame on you
would be wonderful if you acted like a republican. Oh that's right your a rino
DaVos confirmed, you lost.   You bought and paid for fraud.
thank you for your no vote today! Wish you represented us in Colorado!
Why didn't you stop DeVos in committee? You could have voted no there & she would have never went to senate.
This Country needs education reform. American students have been dumbed down. Sad u put campaign contributors b4 students
We the people do not appreciated your vote against the next secretary of education  get out of your office 
Visit schools
we? Speak for yourself
I hope you lose your next election!!Rhino republican
And teachers union chokes!!
Go put your Gina outfit on you traitor!
yep, like you flipped on the Sec of Ed vote......When is your term expiring?
Congratulations Betsy, how sweet it is
- Turncoat Collins Joined The Democrat Party Today-Tribute The The Democrat Cesspool That Is Maine-Maine Is A Dying State!
 disgrace!
too busy to talk to the very people you are supposed to represent
yes total traitor there is no excuse whatsoever for a defector
dodging every question and talking about superficial stuff wow no representative of mine
Traitor Traitor to America...we won't forget.
Yes it was. Amazing couple.
we are glad the VP is dping what is right! Start listening to Mainers who voted for you! You r listening to your opponents
you are an embarrassment
support Pres Trumps confirminations so he can help usa!!
Ms..Warren may not win Massachusetts either...
VP Pence confirms Ms. De Vos.....Did u like that inconvenience???  U enjoy giving the country a hard time?
will you please disclose the amount of money you have received from the teachers union?  We have a right to know. Thank you
Her contributions are detailed on http://fec.gov  .
Yes, so great! BYW,Betsy DeVos supports all school children!  We urge you to confirm her as Education Secretary. Consider it
@lisamurkowski U vote no We r all paying attention @realDonaldTrump @POTUS does not endorse both U next election #MAGA
please appose DeVo!! We can't afford to have someone with zero experience leading our children's education! Please!!!
TRAITOR
SOLD OUT TO TEACHERS UNION. DRAIN THE SWAMP.
How can you support Bannon?  Are you really Catholic then?
Georgia Trump supporters to send money to vote out Collins in next primary.
- Exited about fliping a stupid coin and obstructing education reform for America. Shame on you
Brazen person to disrupt a Presidential nominee..I guess u think u r the expert....Disrupting a Presidential agenda?
Obamacare will fail under its own weight. Let it fail under the Democrats, then give us back our choice for healthcare.
Collins be a http://hero.vote  yes DeVos.no http://Pence.support  OUR POTUS. You be the one. Help ur career . UNITE
Vote out Sen. S Collins out of office at next election
Praise for the Bush family your camouflage for your anti -Republican actions? Or are you just in pocket of Teachers Union
republicans did not win inspections re of Trump you won because of Trump we the ppl demand his choice
please pray for wisdom to reconsider Betsy devoss,we need a new face, ideas a different kind of person than what we r used 2
UR turn 2 b a true patriot & save our children and public education not for profit.  Tell you GOP buddies her schools failed
Comments President Bush would NEVER say  http://americablog.com/2017/02/gen-mccaffrey-trump-anti-american-statement-every-made-president-us.html …
http://freebeacon.com/politics/gop-defectors-received-thousands-teachers-union/ …
OH P L E A S E...spare us ALL your phony, disingenuous platitudes. Focus on making America Great Again...U useless RINO...
you are voting against devos. Great idea keep America education #30. So you don't care
It was so wonderful to see Pres Bush and Barbara do coin toss, BUT your opinions are empty from here on forward.
Courageous republican. Unlike you.
Where Does This Child Go To Find A Tolerant School? U Take Money From The Very Thugs That Encourage This Lawlessness!
Teacher's Union Pawn And National Disgrace Bends Over To Take Cash From Group That Supports Abuse Of Conservative Children!
It's your job to ensure ONLY qualified noms get out of committee to Sen floor.But you voted DeVos out of committee. Shameful
I used to respect you. But obvious why you voted for DeVos in committee; trying to look good to all sides. We're not fooled.
Please put unions last & country first and vote for Betsy DeVos. You know she is the most qualified candidate for the job!
you need to flip in Jeff Sessions!
Susan, get with the game this week&do the right thing! Establishment gets D- in public education. Vote4DeVos @SenatorDurbin
better to see the major trump-style win!!!!
please stop the insanity from destroying our country
And thanks senator for having the courage to stand up for education
she did not stand up,  she punted knowing jet vote would not matter
enjoy the game senator, we can debate politics tomorrow.
I agree
go Patriots. Not Bush's. #warmongers
NO ON DEVOS!!!
Even more wonderful to see you step back from Devos. That's a real Patriot.
proud to be from Northern Maine!
nice of you to finally speak.
it was very nice
will you protect our  future and vote in favor of climate science (against Pruitt)? Will you defend EPA? #mepolitics
what is your position on "so called judge" comment? Will you change vote on #Sessions in light of threat to judiciary?
now you're crazy it wasn't a threat a so-called judge would know they had no standing
she talks  too bad not to me  still waiting to hear about how your voting on the nominees, Senator
DJT should take lessons from them...
vote no on #BetsyDeVos
yes, great to see them, but #RiseUp !
democratic household all agrees we d trade for ft I a heartbeat. As is.
I only liked the tweet because of 41 and Mrs Bush #GoFalcons
Loved that!!;
.@SenatorCollins Both have dignity, grace and thoughtfulness. U2 can stand for what is right: show courage and leadership NOW. #ACAworks
yes it was. God bless them 
