Rino alert! #MAGA

Put in a bill for medicare for all. We can then bargain as other countries for lower drug prices.
Gets caught on hot mic, u always pretended to take high road, imagine a man saying what you said abt fellow senator
ya right when you sided with the ACA ....such a liar
SO FUNNY you KILLED the GOP #Healthcare vote to move in this direction Why? So you can look like a hero with all the answers? #TraitorToGoP
Nevertheless, you persist. Thank you for keeping the pressure on for all of us ordinary citizens.
@SenateGOP Sen. Collins-What good are drugs if we have NO ACA INSURER in our area for 2018 & have NO MD to prescribe drugs! Get real! #Dobbs
Are you up to it. Will planned parenthood muddle your decision?
You must vote Collins out of office. You are a digrace.
When are you officially becoming a Democrat? #RINO
You are a true American hero
Disagree. She is a disgrace to the party. Can't wait to vote her out.
Good for you Senator. Much respect for standing for your constituency over politics.
She lied to her constituency, there is nothing admirable in that
She's taking care of people. She's a caring woman first. You gotta respect that at minimum.
She's a self serving liar, she's done nothing to take care of her constituents. Ocare is unraveling & helping no one. Screwed middle class
Thank you Senator, lowering healthcare costs is essential for improving America's bottom line.
She sold out ... with the NO on repeal. Shame on her for not doing what is right for the American people.
How does taking healthcare away from people benefit them? People will still get sick. How will hospitals stay afloat?
Your narrow view on issue sad, liberal lies. Medicaid expansion under ACA is bad. Research shows worse access & outcomes under Medicaid.
U said u'd repeal/replace Obamacare but DIDN'T!U go to Democrat CNN?! to tell why u didn't?Ur obviously a RINO.Voters will elect Repub now!

Thank you senator Collins, wish all republicans in congress protected their constituents like you do.
Good job no apologies needed for NO vote.  Medicare needed fixing- today it works. Shouldn't be a party win.  Should always be a people win!
Maybe think about bringing down healthcare (medical costs) down also. Vote repeal.
Senator, America owes you big! Thank you for standing up for our great people and nation.
Disagree. She is obstructing progress. Obamacare is killing millions.

You are useless!
Are you sick? You don't seem OK when you're talking. All jittery and off. Maybe you have some McCain issues going on.
Shut up and disappear
dont give up, fill the vacuum!
Thank you Senator!!  This needs to happen.
We saw your Vote and will not support you in anything!
Thank you Senator Collins for speaking up on this, and for standing up for all Americans re the ACA. Really respect you! @hpyblubrd
Perhaps .@SenatorCollins you should check in with your .@Governor_LePage before voting on healthcare.
Senator, I admire your courage of standing up for the right reasons, especially to @realDonaldTrump & his distorted view of reality! Bravo!
You are wrong. She is a disgrace to the party.
Thank you.

No ACA repeal.

DUMP Trump Pence Ryan McConnell all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal.
Congress members who protect Pharma crimes R Swamp Dwellers.  Talks about  generics while Drug epidemic costs HC 45 billion?  Vote her out!
Pharma sold enough opioids 2 medicate "every" Amcan for 3 wks, around the clock.  Pharma watched sales & profits soar, never reported to Gov
Susan is no fiend to Pres Trump.  She votes against America.  Goes after generics, when Pharma has killed 62,000 Americans w/opioids?
Congress has been bought by the Pharma industry.  American HC is the highest in the world.  They act dumbfounded?  While lining pockets!
If seniors want to know how the drug donut hole was born, U can point 2 Med Mod Act of 2003.  How is this allowed 2 remain?  Repeal this act
Medicare Modernization Act gave Pharm a monopoly against Medicare.  As an industry, Pharma can charge Medicare anything they want?  Fix it!
Pharma sold enough opioids to medicate "every" American for 3 wks, around the clock?  They knew form sales epidemic was real.  Generics???
Why do you allow Pharma to run this country?  Drug epidemic killed 62K, 31K seniors die every day from over prescribed drugs.  It's a joke!
FIX THE MESS CREATED ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, CLOWNS
this is an area that I know you could get the votes to support-but the drug companies need a talking to -they need to join in for Americans
Hope you can get all senators to help drive the costs of ALL drug prices down. Pharm companies r out of control #healthcare #Pharmaceutical

where was you years ago you put the working people down for big insurance...drug company....
TRAITOR Susan Collins I hope another Republican who supports the American people runs against you,And u LOSE
Really #wolvesinsheepsclothing #NeverTrumper #FakeRepublican you represent your own self interest not the peoples #MAGA
Another Collins move to destroy seniors financial security?
most negative comments here are Russian bots. They are still at it. Supporting djt.
thank you.
What about not allowing opioids to be prescribed? There are alternative drugs and opioids are so additive.
If you stand against the GOP...
You stand with this man.
Little bit late now, you should have voted for real Healthcare RINO!
I just picked up a prescription that cost $640 for a 30 day supply. This was a generic. How are seniors to survive? Choose food or meds.
After you voted No on healthcare reform? Give us a break. Healthcare reform would have lowered cost also.
Thank you Senator Collins for representing America's needs rather than GOP's Hitleresque Media attacks & Nationalistic & xenophobic policies
Actually if you look at history the democrat party mimics these. Very easy research
Thanks again for healthcare vote. You are a hero! 
Thank you !!!
You are quickly replacing bob dole as my favorite republican!
The fed govt should be permitted to negotiate drug prices for govt pgms.  What Billy Tauzin did for part d should have put him in jail
You're a closet Democrat who came out of the closet with two other loser republicans.  You should be ASHAMED of yourself! Pathetic "lady."
Thank you Senator! EVERYONE should be supporting these cost saving measures for health care!
If it is a price control I don't support it.
Can't trust you. You've let the American people down vyoure a Trump obstructionist
Thank you! I hope you'll also look into the American people's support of insurance company tycoons, as this artificially inflates HC costs.
Susan Collin's is one of the few real #Republicans in congress and who still has spine. Strong republicans like Collins are good for America
Who can understand what she says when she speaks??? #Irrelevant#MAGA 2018 here we come
Contact @SenatorCollins & tell her to support Sander's bill that OPENS THE MARKET for pharm. Save $7 Billion
We don't care about a Democrat pretending to be a Rino Republican who voted against repealing the already imploding ACA.
Just resign and run again as a Democrat already. #imposter
What is SenCollins position on insurance companies who force generics on chronically ill when brand name has kept them alive for years?
I'm want to hear talk.  Listening now.
Speaking Now on Senate floor;  FAD Reauthorization, Sen. Susan Collins, Good Thursday
