Uhhhh, no. Don't watch that liberal biased crap.
Am grateful beyond words for your courage,leadership,voice & moral compass to look beyond party lines for America and the ppl. Heroine Act.
Please, she is another Senator sucking from Americans. Sign up for Obamacare since you think it's so good. A True American Lier. Join W/John
Freedom of speech is a Right in America-thanks for sharing.Obviously I disagree & support ACA fix. Best Health to you, family & loved ones.
This Democrat thanks you for being a voice of reason.
@FoxNews Sen. Susan CollinsYou are a traitor to your party, we cannot afford the Affordable Care! We stand with our President unlike you.
U r kidding right?  Or just one of the 1 percent? #Trumpcarekills
Dead Green Beret ambushed in Niger was buried today in Lyons , Georgia. Where the hell was our president, Senator Collins ?
In the forefront. Unlike the last 3 scumbags that held the office of POTUS.
Awesome. You should run for President
Please run for President. Give up your Senate seat and show us you make a run at the presidency. I doubt you have the guts.
I admire your increasing courage to put country over party. I hope it continues and you persuade others. The damage being inflicted is great
Where the hell were you when Obama was giving away and destroying the country. Courage, hahaha, Collins is as worthless as the next Senator
Always good to head from a Senator who always talks from both sides of her mouth. Another elected hypocrite. Remove the worthless officials.
Thank you for staying in the Senate. Please continue to fight for the poor, the elderly, the sick and those with preexisting conditions. TKU
Stop your fear mongering!  Repeal and replace...and your next!
Great show@Kasie.
U rinocRats stick together.
U r part of the swamp, do us all a favor & retire.
Do us a favor, leave Rep party.
@TMZ @realDonaldTrump You go on MSNBC and CNN. You are going to need a job soon. You are a RINO, not because you are a woman. TRAITOR!
Thank you for staying in the Senate.
no thanks Collins
You were great!
Just watched you. Am disgusted by your ongoing refusal to actually say truth about Trump...U know it, we know u know but u keep equivocating
Senator Collins is a patriot. She was great on Kasey DC  last night. Casey what a great show it was last night. Keep it up
Gee, MSNBC....why am I not surprised?
Thank you for all the important work you have done and continue to do in the senate!
That fiction was hilarious.
Is all you do is talk to liberal fake news idiots? Why do you do that? Because you are a fake! Answer real questions now! Steve Bannon wins!
Go senator go!
All you do is hold everyone in suspense so you can do the Sunday circuit. Do something constructive, like stand up for us. #25ththe45th
Senate is just part of the Washington dog & pony show.
I watched your interview. Thank you for stating we need to focus upon the cost of medical care!!! I appreciate you and your leadership!
Sorry I have been trying to tune you out
Great show! Thank you for wanting to stay in the  Senate. @kaise
Don’t sugarcoat what an ass trump is. Call things the way they really are or don’t stay in Washington.
You are a traitor senator Collins
Congratulation on your decision!  Now I get to see you more often.  You are the BEST!!!! 
Making the rounds on the #FakeNews networks how about face up to the public
Love and respect you. Thank you for all you do.
Senator Collins thank you for staying in the Senate...we NEED you there as a voice of reason.
Regular Americans are fed up with your elitist attitude Susan
RESIGN You BUM !!!
We want you out.
Why would I waste my time?
FU idiot swamp creature. How come we never see you appear in Fox. Oh I know u r too scared  of being questioned by REAL journalists.TRAITOR!
Democrat on Democrat station
Terrible news you are staying in the senate! You do nothing but obstruction and hatred for the President and us!
How many times are you going to say" I'm deeply disappointed in Our President?" Ur a disappointment.
I know you said you were going to vote yes for the tax bill but didn't Kansas try that and it was a disaster to them. Imagine federally ??
2 of my favorite people
I Hope you don’t believe the positions you take, and only do so because of the liberal electorate in Maine.Otherwise you are an impediment.
Susan. Who are these very strange people you talk to on air?
You claim to represent Maine but it is clear to anyone who watches that you do it all for yourself
I have an idea, why don't you get a bill passed, and stop showboating on fake news stations.
You are being replaced by a conservative
I will be watching, want to see how you address the  issues that the country is currently going through at this time, Sen. Collins
You should fit right in on that liberal Democrat network.
Amen
You will fit in nicely with that MSNBC scum. You are going to speak right to your base.
I have a wall of wet paint I'd rather watch dry than you on a liberal network
:-| Ha! Me too, Billy.
Why bother u have sold out the voters wud not trust u ever RINO.
What could u possibly be thinking Ms Collins?!!? Those subsidies POTUS cut are ILLEGAL 6 ways 2 Sunday!!!!! Now do your job! What u ran on!
You should be a democrat because you vote like one!  drain the swamp means u gotta go!
Go very fake news for a fake senator
Boy you bought trump hook line and sinker. Lol.
Good choice of shows!
You being on MSNBC guarantees that NO Republican will see you.  Heard about you trashing US on CNN already.  Go take a knee.
Agreed George. She's always " deeply disappointed" in our president.
Good
You are a despicable woman. looking forward to your primary. if you refuse to #Maga you should resign.
@WeBTrump2020 @SenatorCollins @MSNBC @KasieDC @kasie Fake Clinton account by #MAGA loon. Adorbs.
As a fiscal conservative, socially liberal taxpayer we likely don't agree on many things. But I greatly appreciate your service and views.
Come on Rob a service animal would do better in the Senate than a fake republican
Thanks For sticking up for the underrepresented in the country , trump only seems to want to help the rich
*DVR 
Not a penny tax reduction for the rich!

Pres. Trump is at his Virginia golf club, marking his 73rd visit to one of his golf properties since taking office https://nbcnews.trib.al/hVWuXyM  
See I was thinking it was 7AM and must have started next week. As was not on- great. Love when Kasie looks off camera-
You swore an oath to the Constitution not to healthcare. The payments were not appropriated.
Perfect network for you.
