Definitely not a republican, a perfect example of a RINO! When are you announcing you're changing parties? MAGA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She's a True old school Republican, Newt Gingrich empowered you crazies.
She's just old! She's no republican. She's at best a liberal, but really.....she's a dem
Have you ever seen her in committee? She's as Republican as they come, but she is compassionate towards her fellow American.
No need, she is as useless as the democrats. Oh yeah, Susan is a democrat.!!!! MAGA!!!!!
Didn't Trump & Guiliani vote Democrat for years? Those are the true RINO's
I'm a Trumpican! And will always vote for "America First"
Yes you are commrade. Not debating that.
Bonne journée musique  super
What a thrill having premiums  high as mortgage. What a thrill going bankrupt keep your family insured. Deductible in$1000s so no surgery.
SHAME YOU ARE NOT BACKING THE HARD WORKING TAXPAYER FROM OBAMACARE!  BIG DONORS OBVIOUSLY MAKING YOUR DECISIONS
Proud to call you a Senator for all Mainers. You're the best!
Don't bother
Stay strong, Senator. Mainers are so proud of your principled stance on health care. Your true colors are red, white, and blue!
Susan, Trump is destroying your country, truth and decency, why aren't you standing up against it?  He's destroying both parties.
Pls keep protecting USA from healthcare debacles. Improve on ACA; don't repeal it. Medicare for all is the solution.
No, repeal and free market is the answer. Everything they run they run badly. If gov. continues to run this we are looking at single-payer.
Medicare runs well.
How do you envision it being paid for? Slippery slope 2 single-payer. Or VA hospitals. Open to any ideas, but think free market is answer.
You don't get out much if you think Cyndi Lauper is a thrill!!  
PLEASE vote FOR #GrahamCassidyBill 
Can't use the Obamacare card...no Dr
Did you ever consider raising alpaca's back on the farm .
Yea that's a real triumph omg
@SenatorCollins partying with Hollywood while @realDonaldTrump works his butt off. No recess for Congress #DoYourDamnJob @seanhannity
How are you a republican?
You have been going back wards for many years.  Poor rep for party and or women, a winner.
UR 2 NICE

PENCE IS A BULLSHIT ARTIST

AND A PIOUS ((CHRISTIAN))

#HE_IS_A_LIAR
U  party while people r suffering nice image 4 a campaign commercial. People r having 2 decide between eating, bills, or ins. Ur disgusting
No wonder you have such leftist politics, hanging out with the entertainment crowd.
I am still not over @SenatorCollins and @cyndilauper fan-girling for each other!
No the healthcare!!!
Outstanding!
@SenatorCollins ditch that sinking ship of a so-called Repub party before it takes you down w/ it. Reagan is rolling over in his grave!!

Love  Cyndi Lauper. She's on my exercise music list. Girls just wanna have fun.
I guess being with Lauper is much more important that putting together a health care plan that could pass?
Another important utterance
Very proud of our @SenatorCollins of Maine.  TY for being able to see the whole story of things like our wonderful @SenAngusKing.
Get out of my party!
Hopefully she doesn't get addicted to heroin while she visits your state
I was there and it was a great moment. Thank you for being level headed @SenatorCollins

http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/the-tweak-that-could-cost-mike-lees-vote-and-sink-the-healthcare-bill/article/2628755 …
And part 2 of the thread on the plan.  No CBO score--No vote
Getting more analysis on Trumpcare revisions in Senate bill now.

Doing a press call & then will tweet what I've learned. 1
A vote should not be allowed without a CBO score and a discussion.  Here is a good thread on the new plan.
1. The Senate Trumpcare bill amendment was just released & it went from very bad to unworkably bad. First analysis.

https://draftable.com/compare/YQqISKezkQIt …
Wow thats great @SenatorCollins ,I love @cyndilauper  so much!I wasnt there in person but what a moment,Thanks for sharing! <3 <3
Lets join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee healthcare to all.
Proud to have you represent Maine. Love that you have the guts to stand up for what is right.
Did I mention I am a Democrat and will continue to support you.
You two rock! Stay strong Senator.
That's nice...but get healthcare done, Susan! That's of utmost importance!
Pretty Cool Senator. I love it. Keep up the great work. MH
Awesome, senator. You rock, too!
Traitors everywhere
Republicans insatiable appetites for GREED, Money, POWER has no boundaries they've sold US out to Putin padding their Bank Accounts is all
The American people deserves the same Healthcare Republicans have they exempted themselves from #Trumpcare bc it's not good enough for them
I concur please vote NO on #Trumpdontcare for millions of US the GOP Bill is inhumane treatment Death sentencesthey should be ASHAMED
Do not betray the nation.  You are on record committing to repeal Obamacare.  We won't forget if you break your word.
Awesome @SenatorCollins. Please keep fighting against a terrible health care bill. Mainers need your voice. #standstrong
Repeal OCare now! Voting against repeal(not perfect) will start roll back of massive GOV take over of US health care! Are youRepublican ?

Girls (and boys) just wanna have fun-ding for planned parenthood #Trumpcare #VoteNo
My birthplace
how cool was that @SenatorCollins, I never knew U were a champion 4 the LGBT community,Also please vote "NO" 2 the #DEATHCARE
Says one libtard to another
That's awesome!
Thanks you Senator for all you do. You are a hero
Maine must vote Susan Collins out of office and get someone who can tackle the big problems. She is not capable of doing the job.
What? She's a shining example of a politician working for her people.  She is one of the best leaders we have today.
"Here’s The Real Reason Susan Collins Betrayed American Children"
Dear Potus is trying to do something about drug problem in Maine but Susan Collins is an incompetent obstructionist.
Very cool
Thank you Susan for showing Republicans can have a heart!
So awesome!
Senator Collins can you sing?  Let me hear your sing "boba Lou baba Lou trumpcare go poo".  All next week would be just fine.  JK
I am a heart & soul Democrat, but I wholeheartedly agree with Cindi & appreciate your bipartisanship. Shame it's so rare, but thank you!
When are Democrats bi partison ? Obama Care was pushed through without input or votes of Republicans. Or didnt MSNBCtell you that
ACA: Dozens of GOP amendments, year of a hundred public hearings, offers to fix over seven years. 1/3
BRCA: backroom deals, 2 House hearings, zero Dem amendments, zero transparency, fake complaints about CBO. 2/3
Or did Fox News or Russia's propaganda to the dimwits who fall for it not explain these facts to you? 3/3
What fun .... super!!
What a lovely moment. Proud to have you represent us, Senator Collins. (Did Rod bring you up on stage too? )
Thank you so much for supporting our most vulnerable, please don't let them bribe you with meaningless gestures
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
don't let cyndi or Hard working Americans down, please please vote NO to TRUMPCARE.
REMEMBER: 

When you start paying MUCH more for coverage or lose part or ALL of your coverage u r giving $$$ to BILLIONAIRES!!!
