Thank you for taking the time to get out and meet your constituents! Keep up the good work and stay strong! May the force be with you!
Thank you @SenatorCollins for championing #bipartisanship in Congress  #TheMaineWay #StrongerTogether
Yeah, um, Senator Collins is hardly bipartisan. She talks a good game but always votes as she's told.
Compared to the other GOP senators, she's the closest they have to normalcy @_@
Normalcy, perhaps. I wish she had a true backbone. W her own health issues of early Parkinson's I had hoped she'd stand firmer on healthcare
I'd like to ask why you supported DeVos & Tillerson when they were the LEAST QUALIFIED for their positions.  Why did you do that?
Expert’s say Ted Cruz's Obamacare repeal plan would cripple the market.
And don't forget your Commitment to Planned Parenthood to maintain low cost care for women.
Keep up the great work Senator. Always have my support.
Where are your calls to interview the Clinton Crime ring? American patriots R sick & tired of alleged "Rep.s" keeping the focus on Russia!
Please madam vote NO!!!
Thank you Senator for opposing the bill! Please help the US have another 241++++ yrs of greatness. Trump needs to go! Now! Please help!!!
You're still a simple CRIMINAL for not acting against TREASON and the less than honorable actions of CORRUPT CONGRESS!
#Da!

#Medicaid covered 875,000 nonelderly #veterans in 2015. 
http://kaiserf.am/2tzipbj  
Gosh, it's almost like Americans prefer healthcare for 23M to tax cuts for billionaires

I am a recovering Republican due to Trump. Thank you for showing some GOP members still have a heart.
No BCRA. Thanks
Right so steal their money and take from their kids to pay for those who  will not take care of themselves. Good plan for a real coward!
stay strong and committed to the people who you represent. To our country and the people who voted you in.
Disgusted that GOP congress does nothing about a mad man in the White House.  You forever hv lost your right to criticize ANY Democrat ever.
U had the best 7/4 becuz u stand up 4 country not party. Y does this have to b amazing these days? Thank u from a fan in NC. Good luck 2 all
.  Your support of ACA and it's Improvement is an Inspiration to Our whole worried country!  THANKS!
#trumpISNOTsmart
@rosie
Amen
Thanks for the courage to stand against a devastating bill.
Susan I'm a lifelong Democrat but I do commend you for something. I see that you think for yourself. Stand against Trumps healthcare bill.
You go, girl!  Stay strong!  We need more leaders like you!
Thank you for your principled , caring and courageous consideration of this urgent matter. Please continue .
You must be so proud of @Governor_LePage. https://twitter.com/afelix91371/status/883103440628584448 …
Love you! I live in MA 
You must stay strong!
Please do stay strong against the cruel bill
I'm a Dem from MN, but I want to thank you for your courage w/ opposing the health care bill & putting American ppl you serve before party.
Thank you Senator Collins!  Stay strong for Maine!
Thank you for standing up for HEALTHCARE !!  Vote NO on Trumpcare !!!
Sen. Collins.. I pay 700 a month health premium and owe a 12000 doctor bill. Do you have any answers or just oppose and fund PP
I will do everything in my power to have you voted out!!! You DO NOT stand for Republican values. You support killing unborn children. Sad
while you have great coverage, some of us have plans that are awful. Can't even see a doctor. Ur a snake and vile! Pass the bill
You're not a republican, you're a #democrat and a snake!!
So disgraceful you are!! Pass the bill!! Some of us can't afford any plans and #Obamacare hurst doctors and patients
thank you for fighting for all peoples' healthcare
Those hippies don't represent Washington county try meeting the real Downeaster's
The most liberal town in Eastern Maine...full of out of state liberals! @SenatorCollins
Stay strong on health care, Senator!  We need your protection from these horrible bills!
you are the best, Susan
TY for standing strong against BHRA. #NoCutsNoCaps
to All the Senators  ..Thank You for caring about us on medicaid  @senCollins @SenSanders @DeanHeller Thank you to you and all who care.
Sen. Collins, I respect & honor our service men. They are the ones that protect us. I respect the Veterans too. They need recognition, Care.
Happy 4th of July. Thank you for Standing up to Trump & the Republicans..I appreciate your efforts to save ACA,. Stay strong, I will too.
I was so happy to see that you marched in your parade Susan!! Keep up the good fight for all Americans!!
If you want to honor them, ensure that they have decent healthcare coverage for themselves and their friends and family.
Thank you for continued support of the right to adequate health care!  
Planned Parenthood MUST BE DEFUNDED!
How r u saying 'Medicaid cuts?"  There r no MEDICAID CUTS. It slows the future growth of Medicaid. Pls stop giving out wrong info
Glad to hear you are staying strong Senator. We need that Maine strength now. Save our healthcare - save our lives.
Your opposition to the BCRA has been noted. Bipartisanship is especially important at this difficult time. Thank you, @SenatorCollins!
Thank you for standing up to this horrible healthcare bill.  Stay strong!
Thank you for staying strong and protecting health care for all by opposing #trumpcare we need your leadership now more than ever
Recall Susan Collins for killing the healthcare bill...All for greedy Planned Parenthood ... Somebody getting donations from them? Hmmmm!
Hello Susan how are you doing...?
thank you for staying strong on #BCRA .  We all need your #leadership
Please don't vote for the senate health bill. My family depends on the ACA.
I've been a Repub for 40 yrs. not a fan of yours. Support POTUS.
Thank you for speaking with your constituents about #BHRA while also honoring those who serve. A great way to celebrate Independence Day.
No Medicaid cut please...
#ThankYouSusanStayStrongSusan
Thank you for standing up against Trumpcare. Please stay strong, no backroom deals to push it through. #bcra #ahca is a bad bill
Thank you for opposing Trumpcare. It is destined to harm millions. Please, please stay strong in your opposition! We're behind you!
Thanks for taking a stand against trumpcare, senator
She's standing against it but offers no help except to fund Planned parenthood
Thank you Senator Collins. Will you be having any town halls during the recess? Please advertise. I'd like to attend one!
#Complicit
Your one of the good ones, but can't you do something like NOW?  The world cannot take much more of this, and he is going to start WW3.
Please impeach #potus .  He is truly a very sick man
Haha...impeach for what??

"I will die." Rodney, a Navy veteran from WV, explains why he is depending on @SenCapito to vote NO on #Trumpcare 
I think if Senators cut out Maternity care; they should be mandated to get a vasectomy.
Thank you for protecting healthcare for those who serve, their families and us all by opposing #trumpcare!
Thank you for honoring those who serve rather than, say, golfing.
Or complaining about having to work on the 4th of July *ahem* @nikkihaley
