Sen. Collins thank you for not blindly following other GOPS. But you stop,research & independently make decisions for the Ppl not your party
Senator Collins loved by Americans who care. Doesn't matter which party. You care or you take care of only yourself. Not America way,Greed.
She's a Rino. I have no problem with her switching parties. If she is so lovable,
She votes from a place of knowledgeable facts. Doesn't vote on a "feeling." Practices true Bipartisan politics.
Enjoy her. She's about to be replaced in the next primary.
Don't think so. Her state appreciates her!
Appreciated?  One out of 50 ain't bad if your a Rino and we're talking Conservatives and but it's 50 out of 50 if your a Democrat.
As a Dem I don't always agree w/ you, but you're smart, thoughtful, & realistic.Thats all I ask for in a Senator.Thanks for sticking around.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
I dont "love" her.I'd rather see a Gem from ME.  But she isn't a one-trick-pony..
She's a gem alright. And she couldn't pull a trick if she wore a big over her head.

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
Thank you Senator Collins for choosing Country over Party & personal desires.  We need more representives that votes for their constituents
Collins is loved by the libs.
She's ethical and votes the will of her constituents.   Maine will overwhelmingly reelect her.   This is how the system is supposed to work
She'll never have the chance. She's going down in the Republicsn Primary.
Would you like to make a friendly wager??   She has extremely strong support in Maine.  She will receive tremendous out of state $$$$$$
Glad to read that you are committed to representing your state, your constituents. Appreciate you.
And Moderate Republicans...you know, the ones who aren't neo-nazi, kekistani flag-wavin', faux Christian ReTrumplicans.
Delusional. Go support Antifa and BLM.
Awe, look at you. You've mastered kekistani talking points. 

Your brilliance is....is...is unremarkable.
Get in line with the @realDonaldTrump. The great state of Maine deserves better.
She has a 70%+ approval rating in Maine. Compare that to trump's 31% approval - and I don't think she's worried.
O. Snow job thought she had it made too. Where is she now !
They love liberal democrats. You should fit right in.
Making lot of money talking shit about republicans and being an obstructionist. Must be fun for now until pay back time. You piece a 
The people who voted for u don't watch CNN.
Only your liberal friends do
Senator Collins- thank you for being an independent thinker. That said, when will you and your peers protect the country from potus?
I wouldn't watch that fake news but fits you to a tee !
#Congress needs to WORK on solutions for "existing conditions". This would be possible if you worked more than a few days a month.
Typical, Go to all the Socialist views #FakeNews  @JakeTapper et al 
Afraid to go on @FoxNews.  
Switch to D Party & stop destroying OURS.
Figures cuz you sure as hell won't go on Fox ans face Hannity's program enjoy it while you can you're getting voted out
Time to retire Susan. Seriously! And if not, the very least you could do is change parties. You aren't a Republican at all, so stop lying.
You're pathetic Senator
Better photo.  Looking good.
Seems like you love the attention more than helping people with healthcare. Opening up markets will benefit more people than it will hurt.
Senator u should be ashamed of urself.
You are what all of us call a FAKE REPUBLICAN TURD!
Thanks 4 your dedication to the country and it's ppl.
Thanks 4 your lies to the country and it's ppl.
A fake @SenateGOP on #FakenewsCNN . It figures...
Cnn is not fake
And a turkey can fly. Well said Ben
We see you are talking with the liberals again and helping with their fake news! You need to resign today! You are not a republican! BANNON!
That's where u belong on fake news just like you.
You and CNN deserve each other
Why all the face time
The #USera=#THEusERA is introduced in this book: (#Chapter4=#JoshUsera)
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0997852046/ref=dp_ob_neva_mobile …

#WelcomeToTheUsEra #AllHumansOnPlanetEarth!
You are a RINO. Get the heck out of the Senate so we can have a real Republican in your seat. You are wasted energy. Liar!
Thank you for being a reasonable voice.
Thank you Senator Collins for being a sane voice for the people.
What a joke...
You are the joke for not seeing what Trump is doing to our country. Wake up before it is too late.
Thank you for remaining in the Senate - we need moderate, sane voices to stand for the majority of Americans.
She is my hero@SenatorCollins @jaketapper @Thisweek
Please retire or change parties & let a real conservative in
“Real” conservative? You want someone who denies facts?  Kills the middle class? Kills women’s rights? Destroys the climate? Denies gravity?
Will you speak the trurth an tell the Country just how abhorrently vile an corrupted our Government has become?
Commiserating in a Safe Place and calling it objective journalism.
You should be ashamed that you and your staff continue to get illegal subsidies for your healrhcare
Oh please.......... Spare me the thought.
Just the fact you’re on these shows indicate you’re not a true conservative.   Switch over to the DNC and be done with it already
all the anti-Trump shows, once again proving that Collins is a fake Republican--
You better stay in a liberal state.  You would never get elected in a red state.  RINO
How are you a Sen. You are an embarrassment shame on Maine
Hey, why don’t you join them full time? You’re fake, they’re fake, and you’ve got the dims inside track. A match made in corruption 4 a rino
Vote Collins out of office!
Have no desire to listen to you... no one else should either..  you can't support your president.. Only care about your own career!!
Yeah! @SenatorCollins you go gl
Sen. Collins, I'm so proud every time I hear you speak. You're sensible, knowledgeable, upfront, good Maine upbringing! Please run for POTUS
That's where all democrats go anyway! Join your team!
No thanks.
Senator Collins, thank you for standing strong to protect all your constituents from irrational policies.
Thank you for supporting American values,our Constitution, ppl over Party
Forget politics and do what the people elected you to do
So get together with Ron Paul and Paul Ryan and Mitch Mccornel and use power and intelligence!
I just want Senator Collins come up with a good healthcare plan for us instead of just voting no.  She came up with bill on transgender
Wonder why they don't invite you on Fox?
You should quit the GOP if you truly oppose Trump cutting ObamaCare subsidies. Join the good guys, hurting sick people is core to GOP today.
Your voice and votes are courageous and what we need against the callous destructiveness of Trump. Please carry on.
The Never Trump GOP Fear Their Arrest
McCain & Petraeus Spy Ring Exposed
#ArmyNavy Pay2Play @GeorgWebb @wikileaks
Songbird McCain just endorsed you
Being endorsed by a Communist/Traitor of the American people iscertainly a way to end ur political career.
Thank you for being a beacon of light  and strength in an otherwise self-serving, partisan, cowardly & Trump enabling GOP Senate.
NNY Mae..i keep hearing the words "killing womens rights" could u tell me what rights women in USA DON'T have?
She should be run out of office RINO
let me take a knee, you've been a huge disappointment for not living up to the promises of repeal and replace, sad
Turncoat Susie: there must be a lot to talk about being on the Dem Party.Have you given up your healthcare and joined up with Obama care yet
Susan Collins, than you for speaking the truth. We need more GOP leaders like you.
Senator Collins has the courage and conviction to explain to Trump the ramifications of his off the cuff words and tweets!
Very happy to see you staying
Your wisdom and sense of justice is highly appreciated by the American people
God bless you
Anyone who supports the Iran deal and overlooks Iran's cheating hates America and especially hates Israel.Remember the Holocaust Collins???
Term limits. And change parties. You're a Rino. Obstructionist betrayed voters on OC vote. Planned parenthood-supporting baby killers.
Maine will smarten up to you eventually. By 2018 your interviews will be meaningless. @realDonaldTrump you are doing a great job!
Collins will be on CNN,the Corrupt News Network to try to undermine POTUS and show her support for the Mullahs deal in Iran,how disgusting.
Great job on @GStephanopoulos this morning. I admire your integrity.  I'm Republican, now registered Dem, but independent at heart.
I'm a Dem but love and respect your willingness to stand against this WH atrocity. Bless you.
Retire!
The Insurance Subsidies are Unconstitutional so why would you ask the @POTUS to keep paying it?
GSteph is a liberal. Worked for Clintons. Very biased and constantly harangues on the POTUS. He has no credibility.
Please explain why you think taxpayers should fund killing babies.
Lying with the liars, huh?  Yeah good luck with that. People who want the truth won’t be watching.
All Democrats are
You're not helping you voted against having the debate on hc
You appear to be an honest and fair senator. Need more like you, both D and R. Ignore the trolls and keep up the good work.
We love you senator Collins. One of the very few republicans with a heart for others
You seem like a nice woman, but you do a disservice by sticking it to the voters and simultaneously not providing any solutions.
Sen S Collins Republican, Democrat Pelosi are the Same. Athetist are Listening George.Middle Class can’t Afford Children’s CHIPSOcamacare. Medicare/Medicaid dropped Patients Fools. VoteThemOut
WeThePeopleVotedSupportTrump
Wall Tax Reform Military OneGodOneNation
GOP NEEDS TO THROW HER OUT
Thank you @SenatorCollins for your level head on so many matters.
Collins says Trump needs to watch what he says, but Collins doesn't? I hate backstabbers like Collins. Support POTUS on promises or leave.
LOOK WHAT NET WORK YOU GO ON !  
YOU ARE A FRAUD NOT A REPUBLICAN SHE IS A DEMOCRAT .
You are exactly what I am tired of in the GOP! You don’t know the real people at all.
The liberal media loves RINOs
Thank you for taking a stand for what's best for all citizens rather than blindly following party lines.
All of the lib media, the ones who you agree with. You are a PROGRESSIVE! =COMMUNIST.  you're a liar!
Just switch parties you're a liberal hack!
Collins is a backstabbing GOP that needs to go. She had opportunity to pass healthcare & didn't. Excellent executive order POTUS!
You're disgraceful all you do is disrespect the president and take sides with the democrats,don't waste your time this will be your tenure
Fake News Channel! TraitorCollins
Wow, @SenatorCollins. BannonTrumpTrolls r coming after you hard right now. YOU MUST BE DOING SOME GOOD!!! Godspeed & Bless You. 
Why are you exempt from obamacare? You too should have to carry a worthless insurance card! Premium paid but can't afford dr also:(
.@SenatorCollins Your light burns so bright and shows what’s right to millions. Thank you for standing strong.
@REALDONALDTRUMP #TAXbreaks 4 #FILTYHRICH #SENcollins NOT A CLUE #INTERNATIONALCORPs NEVER repatriate TRILLION$ UNLESS WRITTEN IN #TAXLAWS
WHAT MAKES #SENcollins think  JACKINGUP poorest #TAXPAYERS RATE by 20% LOWERING #FILTHYRICHES RATE by 60% help HARD WORKING  people #MAINE
#sencollins #ALICEinWONDERLAND thinks #REALDONALDTRUMP give #DAMN  anything other than #TRUMP CORPS NEVER RETURN CHEAP LABOR FORCE in #ASIA
You continue to be a stalwart woman working for your constituents and the American people.  We need more women like you.  Thank You
Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you for being sane. #Saine

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
With all your fake news buddies, truely disappointed in you Sue, we could be doing great things if you would support. Our president
Thank you so much for being a voice of reason in a party now dominated by (intimidated by?) the alt-right.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
always a pleasure to listen to her one of the heros of the senate
Good job on @CNN just don't vote for people like Sessions again He is hurting our justice system

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Thank you, Senator Collins, for staying in the Senate and working for ALL Americans.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 



Beside siding with the Democrats and attacking president Trump, will you say anything new? fake republican and very predictable !
You make me vomit.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
You are the poster child of elite global graft and corruption! #DrainTheSwamp
Please retire. Your killing Maine
When I see her interviews, I realize that there must be term limits on Congress. She personifies what is totally wrong with Washington DC!
This platform just proves what everyone is saying. RINO. Need to be honest with your constituents.
Did they send you all the questions in advanced so you could be a likable Republican ?
Tapper's only goal on show is to discredit Trump..the hell with facts!!
Many distractions with this administration but I will not be distracted from #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #impeach #25ththe45th
Trump 2020.  Can you say ??? Trump is America's PRESIDENT
Continuing to tear apart the Party you pretend support? @JakeTapper only wants you to undermine Trump.  You’re both lying to the Country
Will u please be honest with citizens of Maine n declare urself Democrat.

U vote with their caucus most the time!

Sen. Chase Smith ur not!

There will be no subsidies either. Too bad, do sad.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
NO! THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF PEOPLE LIKE YOU!  GET OUT NOW, LET A YOUNGER MIND FILL YOUR SPOT. RETIRE

Trump's decision to end these Obamacare subsidies does *not* save money. It actually increases the deficit. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cbo-severe-harm-if-trump-halts-health-cost-sharing-payments …
Collins is loved by the libs.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
#fakeRepublican !
I’m hoping as never before that you are right about Bannon. He terrifies me.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Retire you are clueless to what the American people want.  You should really run as a liberal democrat, because that's how you vote. RETIRE!
Trashing our president I can only assume.
She is as corrupt as the rest of them, I hear her families lumber business has a contract to supply wood for the rebuilding of Iraq #swamp
Jake: Can you please ask Senator Collins if she is expecting a primary challenge? Retirement plans? Can she Define RINO?
I hope you will be standing up against @realDonaldTrump 's damaging policies & calling for his impeachment.
Trump 2020
I personally can’t stand watching either of you! #fakenews
Fake President is more like it
Awesome, will definitely watch. 
No thanks.
One of the few remaining in GOP that isn't entirely corrupt, being paid off to vote for the agenda of the 1%. Keep up the good work, Susan!

Peddling hate and discontent.  Pass.
Thanks for nothing Susan, you are a RINO and should be voted out of your seat.  Repeal & Replace.   MAGA by resigning please!
So im not alone.  She has lost it. Kook kooo
No thanks, I’ve heard enough libtard rhetoric to last a lifetime
The left's favorite Rino
Start impeachment and you won't have to beg for viewers like a first term junior senator.
Who really cares 
#neverWatch
You have my vote, primary him in 2020 and i am a dem
You continue to flip flop on issues - please focus on the cesspool you work in and the sexual predator you work for. #25thAmemdment
Switch parties Rino
Will do.
You are a genuine gift to the country. THANK YOU for staying in the Senate!
You know she wants to make it a federal crime for all Americans to peacefully protest ?
I want to smoke whatever you're smoking.
Thanks Senator. In these times we need stand up folks. You are one for sure.
Thank you for deciding to stay in the Senate. People like you are desperately needed by our country.
She's a fascist extremist that wants to make peaceful protest a felony crime. You support that ?
Wow all the liberal mainstream media Outlets
very fitting that you would be on CNN fake news...because you are a FAKE REPUBLICAN...admit it on tv...that would be breaking NEWS
of course you will a dem in sheep's clothing CNN fake news. You will be replaced.
Defend the Constitution in the CSR payments matter, Senator.
C'mon Susan, tell everyone about your plan to make peaceful protesting by boycott a FEDERAL crime.
Tell us about t law you're trying to pass making boycott of #Apartheid #israel settlements a FELONY crime in America. #BDS
Thank you for the way you vote for the people.
Why not fox news? Afraid
