It is not right to hold children responsible for the actions of their parents. 2/2
Yes!  Pass a Dream Act. We're counting on you!
The majority of Americans agree with you.
They were brought here illegally I'm sorry this is the only home they know but they broke the law and the law is the law
try protecting the real citizens whose families are being destroyed by the DHHS CPS system. Stop forced adoptions.
Another RINO supporting criminals over American citizens. U push to rush this through Congress but do nothing about debt, SocSec, healthcare
Since when is it right to hold the lives of 800,000 hostage until Trump & his bully boys get their Wall funding. That's UN-AMERICAN & CRUEL!
They need to go through the normal process to become legal period. We couldn't go into another country and demand instant citizenship
Why don't you worry about the citizens in Texas and Florida before you worry about illegal people. Illegals have been here long enough.
It's called legal status. Not sure if any of you cucks are familiar with the term
Time to support Constitutional immigration measures as POTUS has done! If not, choose between changing parties or going home!
When I think of @SenatorCollins, I hear that song from Sesame Street, "One of these things is not like the other",..." Quit the GOP, Susan!!
They can go into the military and give back first.  Their families can not come though since they are the one's that gave the kids up.
Well, you are in congress so do your job!
Thank you, Senator Collins.
She voted against it in 2012 so once again, I have zilch trust in her.
Voting against it 5 yrs ago doesn't automatically mean she'll do so again. If she's speaking up for protecting people, I'll say thank you.
Who don't you cut the BS and call yourself the Democrat you are?
#Repeal&ReplaceTheRINOs
Yeah, deport them quickly, how the fuck do you claim to be a Republican? Change parties now.
Shut up traitor.
The human and economic toll of threat and uncertainty of ending DACA is cruel and stupid! Congress should pass the Dream Act TODAY!
Please Susan Collins, do SOMETHING to stop this administration. TOO MUCH HARM.
Can we count you as a co-sponsor of the Dream Act?
Yes, act quickly but this must be a CLEAN bill. No funds for that racist wall attached!
Being here for years doesn't make it right for them to stay. Its like saying a criminal eluding justice for years should be able to go free.
Thank you for having some kindness, compassion and common sense.
-Over 50% of sll DACA members have FAKE AND STOLEN SSN's and ID's! This is according to actual members of DACA!!Hopefully they stole UR SSN!
-Susan Dear, let me remind you that the MS-13 Gang Members that mutilated, raped and murdered innocent American kids were members of DACA!!
thank you for all you do for the people of Maine
That's funny how you want congress to act quickly for immigrants but not for the American citizens.
We reject open borders. Enforce the laws or reform them, that's your job and you're not very good at it Sen. Term Limits
I think that would be o  We need people who know how to work, how to compromise and all we know for sure is IT IS NOT the occupants of DC
I agree
Thank you Senator Collins! The US gov't must be trusted.
Susan needs to retire now
Stop allowing extremist to hold this country's progress hostage. Work with whomever to get this done please! You know better, do better!
For decades Washington leaders didn't complain when existing laws to protect our borders & limit visa stays were ignored. Why?
Ya...act quickly for that...when not on vacation...not for Lower Taxes, Ending http://O.Care ,Jobs,H2B Visa.
Correct. Executive branch doesn't make law -- that's your job. Get it done. #DACA
I have lost faith in a GOP I no longer recognize. You give hope. Thank you.
Dems have lost their American voter base.  They fight to protect illegal immgnts in return for citizenship.  Disrespects country & citizens!
U took an oath to uphold our laws & constitution.  You have not done that.  No room for emotion in legal system, U R not a social worker.
Congress does not have to protect illegals.  Congress has to protect Americans from invaders.  U allowed this situation to drain taxpayers.
Do something about the healthcare  , repeal it do something for Christ sake !
Help the American people and uphold the constitution you sworn to protect.
OH LMAO!!!  You want to protect THESE kids, what about the elite PEDO ring that tortures, rapes & kills kids. YEAH NOT GOING THERE ARE YOU??
We can't keep fighting one gaslighting issue to the next. Trump is a racist Susan, you know it. We all know it. #ImpeachTrump #RemoveTrump
So do your job! Keep them here.. do the job you were elected for!!
America first get out debt, fix roads & bridges, revise immigration June 5, 1952 Immigration & Nationality Act banned Islam!

It will be a miracle if you in the Congress actually do your job like you were elected to do.
@SenatorCollins DACA was started unConstitutionally by Obama and not in his available job description.  You misreprsnt the truth yet again
You better hurry up
Great words senator, hope to see your votes represent them!!
If my son and I sneak into 6flags and we get caught...are they going to let him stay because he is having fun?  NO AMNESTY!!!!
.@SenatorCollins Pls remain strong against #ACARepeal!
I hope you keep fighting for all of our fellow Americans
It's better to travel and see the world.  Send the dreamers home where they belong.
this was a great move by our @POTUS to force obstructionists in congress to write a law as BO was wrong in how DICTATORED the DACA deal!
Maybe you should have acted quickly to help reform heathcare
Finally a President who has the courage to address this -our Senators and Representatives have never had the backbone!!
Yet another failure of Congress to do it's job. The President was right to force the issue.
We all have dreams
all want to pick on a man who has been in politics few months most of republicans and Democratic Party been in there for years act quickly
I keep hearing all political parties just don't know how pass all this stuff sure do know how to get yourself 12000 a year for healthcare
And we wanted change in healthcare
Everybody knows that.  Of course they have to.  But they won't.  Nothing any individual Congress person does will change that. Will it?
I do agree
Use this issue as a way to demonstrate that bipartisanship can happen
These folks these 800k have a chance to make Mexico a. Better place to live.  More like America #makemexicomorelikeamerica!
Now you can speak?totally illegal acts why support this?no amnesty,no deals &no re- election if this is the way you legislate!send them back
You are right. They need your help.
There are other more pressing priorities Susan
Oh yes worry about illegals before legal .... that's your problem!!!
I am loving the female GOP senators!!
Thank you for looking beyond party lines and speaking truth to power!
Harvord study says 75% of them are on welfare. You as a leader should tell them to get a job!!
DACA was nothing more than extortion . Paying $495.00 to stay each 2 years if you didn't pay on time you are deported.
make it easy for them to become citizens Now not later they have paid to b Daca and that is not right many pay taxes etc.
This is not acceptable.
10/ It's official - WH and DHS say ICE can use DACA recipients' info to find and deport them: http://www.thedailybeast.com/the-trump-administration-now-has-tons-of-daca-data-and-is-poised-to-weaponize-it …
Last I heard, YOU were in Congress ... GO FOR IT!!!
Do your job, Not just Show up,  fix immigration, fix ACA, Fix Tax so All America's pay some Tax, no more Zero Non tax payers
These children have had a free ride on the US tax dollars for well over thirty years! It has to be rescinded!
Some of those children are over thirty years old
Even though you're a Republican, Rebeka Mercer's being against you has value in your redemption.
But should congress be bending to the will of the tyrant? He is acting like an online troll and should be "banned from the forum"
NO!
You are nothing more than a Dem we in Maine elected a Conservative so do ur job or step down
What part of Illegal don't u get Susan?
Yes you guys and gals should of done this before and also you should of confirmed obama for breaking the law. Where have you been
Oh please. Should have gone through Congress in the first place.
We're depending on you. Please keep protect the DREAMers
Plz and thank you. I'm a Peds specialist caring for amazing dreamers who will go on to change the world #DACAprotest
But you voted against it in 2010
I agree but you can't keep the door open. Schools have to  allowing illegal immigrants to stay in US school. You have to close DACA
If you keep open I'll make ads now  bring  over enroll in  have them . They  taxes become citizens all illegal immigrants WELCOME.
DACA is a bargaining chip for his Wall.
Switch parties. Save the country. Please.
Time to avoid concentrating on @realDonaldTrump 's disgusting beliefs and for congress to stick it up his ass. Do it folks, do it
Thank you @SenatorCollins for fighting hard for what's righhtI sometimes forget you're part of GOP America won't forget your loyalty 
Once Senator Collins, you exhibit rational and compassionate leadership. I have no doubt that you will be able to persuade others too.
I'm pretty sure you are a Democrat and need to be primaried.
AMERICA FIRST, AMERICANS FIRST, what about this don't you get?  This is why you need to go! #RINO 
#MAGA
@hodgman congress need to do their job for the American people.  If they want to live here, they can do so legally.
Trump wants to remove deca not kids. President Obama himself said it was a stop gap messier that was only temporary solution
In 2010 you didn't vote to save the DREAM act. Glad to see this new found bravery.
Thank u.
Thank you Senator for your compassion. We must have compassionate immigration reform now.
thank you for supporting dreamers and DACA.
And we need a clean stand alone bill #DefendDACA #AdoptADreamer
Thank you Senator Collins. You really do need to take over the @GOP. At least as majority leader.
Sad! You have had years to solve this problem and didn't do a thing!
As Bill Belichick...DO YOUR JOB!!!
Thank you for standing by them, Senator!
Thank you for slapping my friends and ancestors, who followed the immigration laws, in the face. We all appreciate your obvious malice!
Thank you!
Time to impeach. You know it.
Senator Collins please move this forward!  Protect my DACA students!
Trump just aimed your own base at you.  Good luck on the DACA vote. ROFL
Thank you @SenatorCollins . I have the utmost respect for you and admire and respect your fairness.
I have had it with Collins being a Republican.  If Congress did it's job, we would not be in this fix.  Congress needs to enforce the law.
Yes I believe it is a congressional issue, Congress should do its job
Did you ever consider that they could go back and improve their country of origin. They would likely raise the IQ of their birth nation.
I agree 100 percent those who did what they were asked to do when Daca  was created should be allowed to stay in the country
So do it!
Susan, it's time you 8% aproval rating congressman understand that the law is the law!! It's time you did what's right!
Thank you Senator Collins, please do all you can to keep #DACA recipients safe and let them live their American dream.
Thank you and any additional effor you make will be appreciated.
Please add your name to the Dream Act! Turn these words into a vote!
American citizens come first...come in the legal way hereafter...
My admiration for you continues to increase.
Thanks @SenatorCollins!

They had six years to become citizens, it's too bad.
Wonderful Senator Collins!!!
Thank you ma'am. It takes courage to stand up to a bully like Trump. Thank you.
Should have been done previous administration. DACA is not a law. It's a  failing executive order.  Congress needs to make it a law. Simple.
As you finish the last few days in office. Illegal aliens are not permitted to any benefits.
Thank you for supporting what is right and not the Party line.  God have mercy on President Trump's heartless soul.
Your the problem!!
@senatorcollins for president
Pass a bill and #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Let's not get ahead of ourselves! I know, I'm looking forward to Mr. Mueller 's 2018 report & President @NancyPelosi to go with it!
Thank you. I know that you will work in a bi-partisan way to pass a bill that protects Dreamers without attaching unnecessary add-on's.
Sen Collins, please continue to be one of few in GOP who we can all respect.  Thank you for posting.
Traitor Collins. Needs a job.
We have laws as a senator you should know and respect them do so or resign
A lot of hard working Americans and maine residents suffer and u worry about criminals here illegally shame on you
They need to come in legally! Do you understand that concept?
They need to vote your butt out asap
Thank you! I hope to see more of your Republican colleagues take the same stand! #DACAWorks #AmericanDream
Clean dream act now!
Glad to see this, Senator.  What a terrible call by #45.
Plz pass a clean bill 2 protect them! NO WALL! NO other crazy 45 agenda item! @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @SenateDems #DACAprotest #resist
Please do not support building a border wall as part of the deal!
Thank you for taking a stand!
Well, ok then. Maybe you and congress could see your way clear to freeing us of the pestilence that currently resides within the WH.
I agree, but let's please ease her into this. She's smart, she knows Rebekah Mercer has labeled her #1 target & she'll need ALL of us!
Okay.
Thank you! The LAST thing the rest of us 99% in the other 49 states should want is her running for Gov. of Maine in 2018.
We all know YOU were primarily the reason #ACA is still law today, which is why we  you. Please co-sponsor #DreamAct! We need you!
U can kiss ur career goodby if u give thes ppl amnesty along with the other stupid republicans.
Southern Maine thanks you. Again!
so impeach this a$$
Why don't you just admit you're a Dumbocrat... sure as hell aren't a Republican.  VOTE HER OUT!
We want a stand alone piece of legislation with a pathway to citizenship so secure the dreamers #SaveDACA
Willing to be lawless, huh? Like Obama breaking the law?
Lead on @SenatorCollins.  We've got your back!
Send a veto proof bill just on DACA don't let Trump hold dreamers hostage for wall that no one wants.
These are OUR children!
Please don't tie funding border wall w/taxpayer money to acting on DACA. Dreamers should not be pawns in this game. @SenateGOP @SenateDems
It's the Americans who are the pawns. The silent majority will drain the swamp in 2018 &2020. The American people will have the last word.
SENATOR, OTHER THAN DEMS TALKING POINTS, WHAT DO YOU PROPOSE? HOW ABOUT THEIR MADRES & PADRES?-CAN'T SPLIT FAMILIES--UH, GRANNY & POPPI? UH?
Yes,  Especially since Congress did nothing during President Obama's years in office
Now maybe congress can get to work and actually do something! Make the laws by the constitution which should have been done the first time.
Y do You Support this Racist President
You don't seem Racist
R the People of Maine Racist
Do you need to See a Tattoo on their face to C it
Thank you for your stance @SenatorCollins  #SupportDACA
Send them home back to the parents so they become legal. And get off welfare The US cs t a ford all this garbage that Obama caused
Thank you, Senator Collins !
Well there's one vote!!
Thank you Senator Collins for standing up for what is fair AND good for our country.
Congress build the wall, fix Obama care, tax reform. DACA was unconstitutional where were you and you Democrat friends the last 8 yrs.
Please don't hold out by voting no again, Americans need to pass legislation
all I can say is Rino don't run for governor as a republican
Please do your job . We would not be in this situation if congress actually did something !
Thank you, Sen. Collins!
Many of your GOP pals are asking Trump what to pass so that he will sign. Make it veto proof or you are just another #trumppuppet
Thank you so much Sen. Collins!!
So get off twitter and do something.
You're wrong on this one Susan.
Senator, I greatly respect you for being a pragmatic and moral leader.
No one has to leave!!...get your f'ing green card and your golden! How hard is that to understad? ITS THE LAW!
