RINO' @SenatorCollins  ! You Defend the Rich Insurance co. For Kick Backs ! 
The Voter's are watching !
You cons are so against rich insurance cos, how come you're against #SinglePayer that saves $Billions and cuts out Ins Co profits entirely?
Sure numnuts lets go to socialized medicine like Canada or Cuba. Just like the VA hospitals Sure let’s have the Government run it all. Chump
You mean like EVERY OTHER MAJOR COUNTRY?  Medicare is WAY MORE EFFICIENT and offers MORE CHOICE than any private for-profit insurance co.
Efficient my god? You must be smoking crack. Medicare is losing billions every year from fraud alone. Who’s out of touch?
Right Wing Nut Jobs like you SHOULD NOT EXPECT THE COUNTRY TO COME TO YOU. McCain and Collins are heroes to me and many other Dems.

Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 
Well, he won 66% of the states, so NEWS FLASH

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 

Trump's decision to end these Obamacare subsidies does *not* save money. It actually increases the deficit. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cbo-severe-harm-if-trump-halts-health-cost-sharing-payments …
This has nothing to do with saving money.  The courts said it is illegal.  The program needs to fail, we can't afford it.
We're going to get you out!

Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 
Seriously, why don't you join the Dem party because thats where you belong! You're in the WAY OF POTUS AGENDA to MAGA. Its past time RHINO!
Yes please switch to Dem where there is a voice of reason and sanity.
You're gonna discuss Health Care? Oh...how wonderful....that will make it all better! PHONY....LIAR!!!
How can you be against what is happening and has been pushed for HC by your party, but support tax reform that cuts Medicaid & Medicare?
I wish someone in your party would please explain the blind willingness to cripple the country to make the wealthiest even more money.
just watched you speak on SOTU
WOW!
you are one tough girl scout!
I have only been to Maine once
but your constituents
must be very proud
Jake
that cartoon was hilarious
did you really draw that??
You are without a question the Queen of the Washington Congressional Swamp. So self absorbed. Shame on you!
RINOs are not worth listening to. You should just admit you hate Liberty & for the Leftest Socialist ideology.
Interesting how all the traitor "Republican " senators go on #fakenews, like MSNBC, CNN & Morning Joe. We will root you all out next vote!
Are you ready to get steam rolled by the #TrumpTrain? We are coming for all the RINOS & GOP-establishment.
Those sound more like threats than an intelligent response. The trump train has already derailed. Old smokey is starting to rust.
I saw you & you were Awesome!! I always watch Jake & a lot of others like @CNNDonLemon!! Thanks to Trump CNN is my favorite channel!!
Are you out of your mind? We need to get rid of this stuff. You are a democrat lady. Stop calling yourself a republican.
Noticed after 87percent of mainers decided they wouldnt vote for u as governor that you wouldnt run hmm maybe senator isnt looking good
Association of American Physicians and Surgeons who actually have to deal with the failed Obamacare don't agree with you. They certainly know & see the direct impact
GOP lied and said they had a better plan. This is sabotage at the expense of Americans. Look at other countries models that work very well.
.It's crazy to me that someone who hlds a position like you can get on tv & be so uniformed about hlthcare!
Appearing on Tapper is another indicator of Collins anti conservative,  nonsense views on everything!
Many of you by your comments seem to feel that thinking and common sense are evil. Thats what politicians are supposed to use.
You, McCain, Sasse, Flake to name a few of the FAKE REPUBLICANS are working against our President and his agenda that WE VOTED FOR! Resign!
Collins sounds totally uninformed or not very bright.  TRUMP ONLY ended money provided in an Obama Executive Order ruled unconstitional.
Who in the hell are you to make that kind of judgement?  Have you given a test to the entire constituency?   You can't say that?
Stop LYING about Trump, watch. Yours not to give.
Thank You for standing up for us and having a conscience.This is the year where women are standing togetherGet rid of Trump please please 
Hows obama care working out for you in maine now that aetna and anthem have both pulled out
We're lucky to have you Sen. Collins. Was happy to hear you're staying in the Senate. 
Bannon is right you are wrong You and McCain have blocked everything. We DO want things done and WE will put people in to make it happen DTS
Democrats desperate 2 hold onto Obamacare bc government officials like senators receive kickbacks from insurance companies 2 line their own pockets! Under Obamacare doctors r forced 2 release patients personal info 2 the government. Drs. r not free 2 treat patients effectively.
Wish we had more like you in Congress.....
Collins you are a disgrace
.**TRUTH** Low income families WILL NOT lose subsidies for hlthcare! Their premiums & deductibles WILL NOT increase!  GET UR FACTS STRAIGHT!
You need to switch parties. You’re a democrat. #traitortoyourparty
Please don't vote for the tax scam that will cut Medicaid by 1 trillion and medicare by 473 billion.
Sen Collins has had years to offer a viable ACA alternative. Much of the country does not get her senate subsidy. Another lazy swamper.
Senator please stop Trump from doing more harm, you care about others. How can you stay in the GOP, while they break oaths daily?
#Resist
Senate and Congress are ineffective. We must do it with $, bring gov't to it's knees. #Nov4ItBegins
See you in the Streets
Please change your party
Thank you so much, I am so grateful to have one person in the Senate who represents me
I'm glad you're staying in senate. We need your voice of reason.
Federal Judge said billions of dollars ILLEGAL spent via Obamacare without Congress approval.  U had chane to replace & repeal, u failed us.
You are totally WRONG!
We the people think Bannon is on Target
What did you think about Jake Tapper asking our Sec. Of State if he was Castrated?
Senator @SenatorCollins , you are a class act.  Thank you for your courage!!
I really like you Senator Collins!
U lying freaking liberal. Bannon n we the people are coming for you.
Thank you for your courage and clarity.  You are a true patriot.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP  You are a DEMOCRAT. You lied to your constituents! Go be Jake Tapper's little girlfriend for a bit. Traitor!
@senatorcollins YES, these are bailouts! the health care cartel firmly runs the show now narrowing networks & rationing care. stop the lies!
You will be one of our savores. Keep fighting the good fight!
Lol Tapper tries really hard to put words in her mouth! What I heard her say was people cn't afford policy they are selling, bring cost dwn!
READ this SUSAN.  https://www.thelocal.se/20130327/46910 . Best Healthcare in the world ......
Why are you talking to these fake news liberals anyway? You are not with our republicans at all! You are a fake! Get better! MAGA!
Thu thu thou thusan Collins. How long have yo yo yo u had your sp spu speach impediment? Are you & Sen Corker secret lu lu luvers? GO POTUS
Destabilize the market by eliminating ILLEGAL healthcare subsides?  yeah go with that. You had  chance to fix it and you didn't #termlimits
How about joining the Dems while your at it.
Democratic Party very Happy whit Collins very sad
Not True you all Sick
Senator Collins is able to look at what's on the table and decide what is good for America. She puts country before party. 
GO Home, you have hurt us enough!!!!! Sorry excuses to the uninformed !
You are nothing but the Pawn for the Dems. You have failed ALL conservatives of Maine. No Courage !
Judge ruled payments illegal. Why do you support illegal activity?
Yeah how's your ins. Doing ?  That we pay for .   Never you agsin !
You are a Republicam in name only! Join the Democratic Party!
I wish you would have been firmer..

Thank you Sen. Collins for being a model Senator:  above the political fray, and thinking about the country and citizens of ME long term!!!
A career politician, you are a big part of the problem, Sen. Collins.
Traitor to the Republican Party. As soon as I saw u were on I changed the channel.  You r a hypocrite and do not keep u pledges to voters !
I have been following Senator Collins for years and have notice a change in you do you have Parkinson?
You are clueless on the negative impact of Obamacare on the middle class
Quit supporting the left. Go on Fox and preach!
That money was illegally appropriated by Obama. All President Trump has done is return us to the rule of law. Senate must act, not POTUS.
bla, bla, bla, bla; same old stuff over & over again...the people want things changed & new ways of doing things; that is why we elected PDT
Ms Collins people aren't sick of PDT or his tweeting we are sick of politicians who don't do what they promised to do to get elected change
She shakes more then a Washer with a unbalanced load!
Fear Breitbart Susie! Rough roads ahead u turncoat! @realDonaldTrump
It was very good.
How can Trump make changes to the ACA.  Isn't it the law of the land. Can't you stop him.  I am going to lose my insurance.
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Americans r suffering from derangd WH, natural disasters, domestic terrorists-Plz stand 4 us
Thank you for being a voice of reason when it comes to healthcare for Americans and putting people ahead of party lines. You are a hero!
Two liberal democrats Fake Tapper and the Maine RINO
You are not a Republican or conservative you are an anti-American  liberal fascist obstructionist posing as a Republican.
Get on board with Trump
Funny how u only appear on CNN. Why don't u come out and admit u r a Democrat.
Susan, just by being interviewed by anyone at @cnn shows your lack of good judgment.
Susan you're part of the problem in our government. You could care less what the American people who voted for @POTUS want.
Just retire already. You aren’t helping Mariners. You are just making sure everyone knows you are anti-Trump. Go away.
So basically CNN loves the far left Democrats on their show. "Isn't a bailout"? It's a welfare handout Susan! Get a grip you old bat. RETIRE
Of course u went to CNN because your really a http://liberal.VOTE  U OUT..FAKE REPUBLICAN
You know Obama had no authority from Congress to grant subsidies, right?  Hearing he raided Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac to do so.
Thanks that there is one GOP senator with guts 
You have never done anything for the citizens of Maine. You are part of the D.C. swamp. The subsidies are illegal according to the ACA.
You both deserve each other.

Senator Collins, I'm a liberal but you are quickly becoming one of my heroes. Thank you for speaking up for what's right!!
A hero to liberals? I would not be proud of this tweet, Senator Collins.
Human decency should know no political party.
If Collins were really decent she would stop lying and officially join the Dems. She votes more liberal than Bernie Sanders for God's sake!
We want you out.
You ppl are a big joke , under UR watch North Korea has become a danger. & Iran is a terrorist bully that should be stop it b4 is too late
@SenatorCollins You're a Republican even I would vote for!
you are a class act, @SenatorCollins
You said if people can't afford the deductible their insurance is useless.  Well that applies to all of us stuck with Obamacare that you refused to repeal.
Not good for your image.
Trump ended the illegal cost sharing that Congress did not appropriate funds for...you misrepresented the facts like a good little democrat.
You are out of touch and will be voted out
You nothing but a RINO and we will vote all of you out
you're a DEMOCRAT, get lost
Fake politician on fake news
remember I will repeal, yet another lie by you. Trump will force your hand.  all you good for nothing people in Washington.
Started her Senate career with a Lie!
I hope Dems come to senses and good healthcare is achieved without your help! You are like a child craving attention!
Your abjection to what the President signed is Stupid .You have not done anything
to help health care except to shoot your mouth off
You know that the health care subsidies that Obama did was ILLEGAL right.  Sorry but you need to research..
If U hadn't twice rebelled against your party and destructed plans 4 better healthcare the POTUS would've had better options! U r to blame!
Disappointed in President Trump? Have you polled Maine Republicans lately Sue Baby? Now that’s the definition of Disappointment! Go Away!
Do your job. The subsidies are illegal. Change happens with law. Your job is to fix it. If you won't or can't, resign!
Susan your full of crap Obamacare is hurting all working Americans, your a worthless POS
Actually, the country is tired of you. You are not helpful AT ALL! Retire and do us all a favor.
Sen. Susan Collins for President!
...And to add Maam, your actions are not helpful.
U don't get 2 have it both ways Collins.U voted against R&R x2. @realDonaldTrump is well w/in his right 2 stop CSR. I got screwed w/ O-Care.
Modest responsible tax changes for working families are good. Keeping in mind we have challenge of disasters
As always, respect your comments on ACA. Was disturbed to hear you support the @gop ‘tax reform’, tho.
Susan Collins is a disgrace to the Republican party.  She needs to be voted out of office. All she does is obstruct and bash President
In 10 years Iran will be a different place. Wish we had this agreement for North korea. Trump not competent will mess it up.
You need to open your eyes McConnell is WORTHLESS and living in the past. He's a big part of "The Swamp" & he needs to go get's nothing done
We aren't tired of Steve Bannon, we're tired of useless mummies like you.
Your old and tired and useless. You get nothing done. Waste money and time. Time to vote you out. Bannon is right. Your part of the problem.
get it!!
YOUR A TRAITOR TO WE THE PEOPLE,,
AND A FOOL ,,STEP DOWN ,,
Watching it now.
Don't you think if it was possible to get Iran to agree to "no sunsets," the coalition negotiating agreemt wd have done so?
Self serving traitor, CNN sucks and now so do u, health imploding and you loosers do nothing but flap your lips, retire swamp people,
Get behind #PresidentTrump or get out...
The poor and really sick would be getting the financial help ANYWAY  Sue "Rhino" Collins!
As a liberal cnn is good for you.
With an 11% approval rating for congress how the hell would you know anything about what the American people want or don't want?
"You need the House, the Senate AND the administration. Absent one of them, you're not going to get a heck of a lot done." - John Chafee

Maybe get off that chair and start working for JOBS instead of HAND OUTS>  Everyone ABLE should have Jobs Lower taxes for everyone
Retire ASAP we the voters voted TRUMP as President NOT YOU. How about me middle class who pays 13,000 a year (you forgot the working class)
We are tired of the establishment!!! We welcome Bannon.  DRAIN the swamp!
God I love you! Please continue to be strong
Mr. Bannon. TRUTH and the #maga army are going to eradicate RINO's like you from power and the party, reckoning is here Suzy..lol
When will u learn
GOP is nothing but a fraudulent wing of the DNC.
Thank you Senator Collins, no please get these Russians out of our politics
Thank you Senator for deciding to stay with the senate!  We need you!!
We're coming to unseat u
Please support the President's agenda
Time for you to stop being a traitor RINO and switch parties, i.e. abortion, gun control, spending, pro-Iran, anti-Israel, pro-Obamacare,etc
You have no idea - nor do you even care - that the vast majority of Americans are suffering & paying outrageous premiums under Obamacare.
Does it even matter to you that @netanyahu and even @JoeLieberman support @POTUS on the horrific Iran deal?  YOU EPITOMIZE "RINO!"
Senator Collins, please support CHIP. From MN, thank you for your service and decency.
No worries, Sen Collins does caucus with the Democrats. RINO means what it says.
Senator you seem to not understand U are the problem you & 2 others are why we don't have a healthcare bill Brannon's coming for you're type
JimmB: Actually we had more choices before Ocare. If socialized medical was so great, why are Canadians coming to U.S. 4 major treatment?
While single payer sounds good on the outside, it’s not sustainable. And you really want the govt to run everything? Really? No savings.
RINO!!!!
Sen Collins, you complain about Pres Trump cutting back subsidies to ins companies but you didn't do your job and allocate money for it.
Dem controlled states in bankruptcy, have the highest crime rate,the most people on welfare. ACA is a major failure. unconstitutional. Why?
Thank you for choosing country over party.
Thank you again for helping save health care for millions of vulnerable. Wish you would switch over and caucus with Dems!
Yea us to
The democrats forced this DEADLY obamacare on us
you are tearing the Republican party apart by not supporting Trump. Ypu are only staying in Senate so you can vote against him.#traitor
I have seen you on a lot news outfits but if you’ve been on Fox News I have missed it
Republican war not helpful??? You notthe establishment
supporting the American peoples agenda and Trump is not helpful. you r protecting
You hold up legislation to replace or amend ACA & then go on to defend Obama's unconstitutional subsidies to insurers. Not helping AMERICA!
.So Kake had an interview with Howdy Doody. How nice
Can't risk going on conservative shows you chicken.  Why don't you stop obstructing and start doing your job.
Senator Collins, I applaud your courage, but wish you would take it a bit further. Tell the whole truth please.
Your irrelavant in 2018. All you did was buy the democrats some time
When are you going to switch parties?
