I am a Democrat who is proud of you for showing that bipartisanship is right.  Political peer pressure is unnecessary.  Thank you!  #Brave
It's not bipartisanship when every single democrat votes against it!!!!!!!!
Shit is shit.  The Republicans had seven years to come up with a suitable replacement for ACA, but was not prepared.  Cooperation is a must.
But the reps have not gotten ANY cooperation.  Dems want everything or nothing.
The Reps haven't had anything worth supporting.  Even the SCOTUS nominee was stolen from Dems, but voted for Gorsuch.   It takes 2 to tango.
Reps did enough tangoing when Obama was in office!  It's time for change...real hardcore change!
The only thing changing is Trump's staff.  We are all looking forward him to make "America great again". Instead he golfs and grabs pussies.
You have lost all credibility.  Please retire and let someone with youth, passion and new ideas replace you.  Voters want repeal & replace!
I lost my health insurance thanks to the Orange Cheeto in Chief.  My carrier left after threats of repeal.  I am proud of @SenatorCollins.
President Trump should JUMP from Mt. Rushmore.  He has accomplished NOTHING but polarize this country.  Impeachment is inevitable.
You would, you are a big liberal that should just switch parties& be done with the sabotoge of the republican party.

tick tock...you are out of your job in 2018!!!  dare to backstab our potus...dare to face the removal from office by  the American public!!!
When did Health Care become abortion is actual killing of a human being Abortion murdered our future 65 million dead babies since Roe v Wade
So your scared to come on Fox News. Says a lot about you. Keep avoiding and supporters will avoid you. Count on it.
Planned parenthood should not come before the good of most americans.  You turned your back on us!
Sen. Collins I can not believe Maine elected you, be a patriot and retire.

The hands you vote with have the blood of innocent children, should have protected the innocent instead of allowing their destruction
Instead of grandstanding on CNN...you should have been talking to Maine's governor.
You act like your at home with Jake Tapper. You don't know how wrong you are. Get in line.
Why did you go on the Fake News network? CNN is part of the sewer that the "mainstream" media has become.

Hey Collins how's your nice long vaca going? Mine and all of working class U.S. sucks! Who makes people like you?
Do U consider aborted human had terminal illness Conception starts human zygote becomes human embryo bec human baby human child always human
Vote her out
Thanks again for empathy & vote. Plz remember that reports show ACA stable except DJT interference, but room 2 improve.
You are simply an American Hero Senator!!! You stood strong in the face of opposition bcuz u knew what was right!! So inspiring THANK YOU!!!
Notice all the good comments are from demorats
U can call them CSRs or bailout or whatever you want I don't want my tax paid $ to go to those thieves. Sick and tired of u McCain + rinos
I am sure you are on CNN - you really should just switch parties and fight Trump as a Democrat rather than Faux-Republican.
SHUT UP TRAITOR
Hypocrite

Killing children is not healthcare!
You are on the wrong side of the fence senator.  This senator is not a Republican and n0oot loyal to our President.  Vote her out!
Fake news for a fake Republican

Why do U support killing human beings Why is killing human N the womb OK After conception when is that which grows within a woman not human?
Hello
Keep on discussing Susan, pretty soon the time will pass, you will be no longer poltically active and we will still not have solved problem!
Noticed you went on all of the liberal networks to get softball questions...you should be ashamed of yourself for vote...you are a democrat
Help #WeThePeople

PETITION: 100,000 Signatures to Force #Congress to Use #OBAMAcare!
done
Had I been in the airport in Bangor Maine, I would have been cheering you on too! Many Americans are cheering you across the USA.
1 FROM PA
Mostly demorats
Sell Out!
I also applaud you and the other 2 musketeers who were your partners in  standing up for what this country stands for. thank you! PATROITS!
Because you are a Democrat!
single payer Senator Collins, let's get profit out of health care-
You are a democrat in disguise. Who are you to think your idea is the way we should go. You were in a group of 3. Obamacare can't be saved.
Abortion is the taking of innocent life - not legal to fund w/ taxpayer $$$
Thank you Senator Collins  - a government FOR the people and BY the people. We want reps to sort this out FOR and in favor of ALL of us
You should join @JoeNBC in leaving the Republican Party
Your fake news appearance just proved that you are a conservative problem.
IF REpubs wish to IMPROVE Heahcare for 'People' why NOT Enact a Bill that GIVES the Same Heathcare Benifits, as they THEMSELVES Enjoy ??
The left loves you...they really, really love you!
You're a traitor to your supporters! Enjoy your last term!
Your contribution to your campaign are coming from democrats I wonder why
Susan collins fooled her voters.  Dump her in the next election
VERY FAKE NEWS and a very dishonest politician!!! No one is watching!!! So sad
Bravo!  We need more like you, showing courage, protecting the vulnerable and not always following the party like feckless sheep.
CNN is where you should stay with the rest of the Democrats and just go ahead and run as a Democrat next time
U suck! I love the media is ripping u apart! Ur plan 2 win Maine DEMOCRATS by voting against healthcare, & ur hot Mic incident ur done
You joined CNN because you are not a republican who cares about us

Did you give him your solution or was it we must work hard together?
Thank you for your votes against the Trumpcare/RepubliCare bills
You will be voted out by the Trump base!
Thank you Senator Collins for having the courage to put Country over Party. Majority of Americans are behind you! We need more like you!!
you SUCK and DO NOT help Woman! Phony! Defund PP and repeal Ocare as it KILLS Americans!

What was the fed debt when you took office? It's 19 trillion now.
and forever embarrassed yourself
Committees, Hearings & debates... uh...NO! You're stalling! You've had 7 years! Get repeal & replace done or get out! Insurance Shill alert!
Thank you again for your no vote, saving my life and future income from corporate greed. You're a  #IlovemyACA #staystrong #integrity
You are awesome! Nobody pushes Mainers around, learned that early lol
You're a hypocrite... RINO...
I heard months ago you were advocating investigating actual health care COSTS in working on ACA replacement. What happened? This's important
nothing id be bragging about Susan
Obamacare is a bailout for health insurance companies paid by taxpayers. Highest-paid health insurance CEO earned $22M in 2016.
You're a goner 2018. We won't forget, enjoy it while it lasts. Traitor 
We wondered why, but we do know why the PNSY was moved up on the list of Base Closures . We have a lot of friends in Maine you want you out.
So disappointed that you betrayed American. Your being romanced by lobbies, takers and trump haters... You promised repeal and replace!
Thanks for voting NO! It was the right thing to do.
What is so brave and virtuous about being a liar and betraying your party and country?
I can't wait for the day when all your perks and freebies are done and you are forced to pay for something you don't want/can't afford
Senator, THANK YOU for your vote on HC.  PROUD to have you rep us here in Maine!
Thank you personally from my family and I for saving Obamacare! We are full of gratitude!
Two of a kind....fake
Vote on Lindsey Grahams bill or quit. Give the money to the States, only to be used on healthcare, & Senate has to lw/ same healthcare as us
Can you seriously say you're a Republican? You should have to live w/ the same healthcare plan we live with & give the States the power.
We must vote Susan Collins out!!!  Definitely deplorable senator!  Get rid of her NOW
McCAIN is catching all the heat as a traitor you deserve the same label .shame on u too
Anyone who supports Obamacare, the government takeover of healthcare, proves no regard or knowledge of the founding documents of America.
U need to read PROFILES IN COURAGE.
Do what's right for American brand, all its people. Its bigger than people of Maine.
Thank you senator
Why is there more discussion when we already discussed obamacare for 7 years?
Susan -CNN , MSNBC will forget you in a couple of weeks. Your voters will remember you when it is time to vote. Consequences ..
I forgot you are a republican
Thank you Sen Collins for voting to save health insurance and the lives of those whom you represent.
You're political career is over.  Prepare to lose your next primary election.
Thank you so much Senator for your vote! I temporarily woke up from this nightmare and realized there are still good people in the WH.
IMPLEMENT THIS!
Judas
Is Soros your buddy too?
You are foolish #repealobamacare #noreplace #nosocialism we dont want your "fix" get Medicaid back to preobamacare levels. #notmytaxdollars
Sen Collins, your vote spared so many families so much distress. Thank you for taking a stand & working on the ACA in good faith.
#Respect
You exactly right this needs experts to look into it and not some rush legislation. Stabilize markets bring extra time.
We need hearings from healthcare experts and specialist to improve healthcare with the right input we can make healthcare better.
You are entirely right. We need to stabilize the market first then sit down with both sides and go through committee.
Hey Susan!! Did you discuss stabbing the POTUS in the back?! You're disgusting!
NEVER, have I seen such back stabbing and hypocrisy in my life as the Democratic Team this year!
You were supposed to REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!! 7 years of lies
Why should congress be exempt from paying the increased costs of healthcare that the rest of Americans have to pay?   You promised repeal.
I REALLY DISLIKE YOU.  TRAITOR.
only cnn can put up with you
@SenatorCollins #StaunchMaineWoman American hero!
Thanks for the vote against Obamacare repeal now I have to keep working two jobs to afford to be forced to pay for the shit.
