Glad to see you're really focused on the IMPORTANT issues for Americans.
Um, lobster is a VERY important issue for us New Englanders!!
LOL, touche'  Would just rather see the Senator a bit more focused on real issues
I think more than anything, she knew people would appreciate this during what's been a pretty exhausting few months.  #WeLoveOurLobstah
Seriously? And we have NO insurer in our area for 2018 & currently paying 20K/yr Obamacare premiums PLUS 12K/yr deductible & don't go to MD.
There's a reason why the ACA has been successful in some areas and then a complete failure in others.
Kelsey - So what is the reason then?
Republicans have basically been sabotaging it.  Look, I never wanted the ACA, that's why I didn't vote for Obama, but we need bipartisan...
Seriously? And we have NO insurer in our area for 2018 & currently paying 20K/yr Obamacare premiums PLUS 12K/yr deductible & don't go to MD.
Fantastic! Eating lobster this weekend downeast at Cape Split!
Now THIS is some news that is excited to hear about!! #NationalLobstahDay
Yeah that's it Susan get that lobster day thing done& celebrate like U have done something great. That healthcare thing is no big deal..but

I have to admit this is what makes Americans hate politicians, making up new days that accomplish nothing.
Smoke screen for a Democrap disguised as Republican. Still a loser!
Senators you both are an embarrassment to this nation. Millions losing out with Obama care and your pushing lobsters. Incredible!!
That's her job. She's from my former State of Maine
Her job is to represent the wishes of the people who voted her in office Which she is not doing. She's a never Trumper with her own agenda.
She votes with Trump 87 percent of the time. 75000 Mainers have healthcare through ACA. 40% increase in opioids.
Absolute BS. She voted against Trump 100% of the time and is a never Trumper. She sold out and is a closet leftist.
Not true look it up. She voted for Gorsuch. Facts matter.
Glad the priorities are in place!!! smh
I wrote music to the movie, "Lobster Claw" based on poem same name, by Leo Connellan, the late poet laureate who revered Maine middle class.
Good job. We were all concerned about that. Try to find time to actually do something constructive
Now you have my attention! Lobster Day and I am originally from New Brunswick!
Good thing you could get something accomplished. Thank you!
this is what you do with your time when ACA is failing #realDonaldTrump
WOW! YOU REALLY ARE MAKING A DIFFERENCE
You also designated July 27th 2017 as National Snake Day
#repealobamacare
So glad you passed SOMETHING!!
Oh, that was really important. <sarcasm> How does that help the American people?
Sounds terrific. Sad for those lobsters tho'.
Why...?
Couldn't fix health care, but lobsters, now that's important! You're a disgrace.
Don't be fooled she's a fake !
@realDonaldTrump Can't believe this is for real.
Thank God we have Lobster Day.   I still can't afford my health insurance....  #DoYourJob
Can't believe this. This moron blows up health care by not letting it go forward and she's excited about "National Lobster Day?"  Good grief
You have to be kidding me, you can't vote for the healthcare bill but can vote yes for the Lobster bill.
Would love to see the 3rd graders, who got the bill to make the lobster our state crustacean passed, involved in this celebration!
Isn't that nice, while folks on the streets are waiting for you to RESIGN!
Great . Thank you for having more backbone than every man in congress except one.
Glad you're excited about lobsters. Meanwhile my tax dollars are funding abortions via Planned Parenthood, via, you, @SenJohnMcCain and Murk
Good grief.  Who needs a lobster day?
I guess this is more important then healthcare.

Great  You and the Senate are a joke
Republican hurting republicans. Although I dislike democrats, republicans like you make me like them more. At least they are loyal to base
