I'm happy they allowed them to participate . I'm sure they worked hard & well deserved! Women STEM education will change the world!
Senator Collins be inspired to stand with the overwhelming number of American who do not want the ACA repealed at all. No TrumpCare.
Thank you for caring about the American people! You should think about running for President. We need someone who cares!
Well, Trump will be Republican candidate. Maybe Sen. Sue can run for President as the Democrat candidate
Thanks to President Trump, these ladies were able to compete.  True sign of a leader, knows when to make concessions.
Beautiful intelligent young women. Blessings!
I know you mean well. Some feedback: No need to comment on their appearance. They're awesome, brainy nerds! And that's all that matters.
If you pay insurance premiums, or your employer does, then you ALREADY pay for others' healthcare. That is what insurance is.
Yeah, I get that, but not to the tune of 60% of what I earn, which is the average tax wedge with single payer systems.
No, the *average* is not that high. The *TOP* tax rates for the highest earners in those countries are 48-58%
Oooo. 50%, down from 60 a few years ago same fucking difference, I DO  NOT WORK SO OTHERS CAN HAVE "FREE" SHIT ON MY FUCKING DIME. PERIOD.
No matter what you do, your money is going to other people, either thru insrance or taxes. Taxes is cheaper.
No, they aren't. Since when has the government, local, state, or fed EVER been responsible for with the money we are forced to give them?
So you are more than happy to give them money for a ridiculously huge military? Don't hear you claiming they mess that up.
Sounds like you're doing everything but repealing Obamacare you fraud
Why even call yourself a republican
Brave girls 
braver if they removed the hijab in a free country.
Good job senator. Women rule
not in their culture where they are required to cover their heads.need to remove their head coverings to rule.
...and I forgot to say, Thank you POTUS for supporting girls & women by stepping in on what many may dismiss as trivial! -Hopefully Collins
You need to be working on repealing Obamacare. Do your job!
Nope. She is doing the right thing. Working toward Bipartisan Legislation to fix the #ACA. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/19/fox-news-poll-74-percent-want-gop-to-reach-out-to-democrats-on-health-care.html …
Tell me examples of Dems reaching across aisle to vote for Repub issues
Maybe this is the reason you mislead the American people. Susan Collins, one of the back stabbing seven.
Senator Collins, you may be one of the last Republicans I have respect left for, this President is not competent we all know it. Help.
But who won GOLD?
Love it! Thank you for your support to this wonderful team! They are very courageous!
Vote NO on repeal ACA with 2 year delay.  Markets would collapse. Fix, don't wreck ACA. Look after Maine voters.
Wish you cared as much about women business owners. The ACA is brutal. #RepealACA
this is so awesome
Encouraging the advancement of science in young people from anywhere is a good thing.
Thanks for supporting your constituents & all Americans by being strong and speaking out against the immoral DeathBills. We support you too!
Please do as you have promised in the past and repeal Obamacare. It harmed my family and many others Get out of your fake bubble
You voted in 2014 for full repeal, were you lying then or now? You need to step down!
Thank you for keeping your morals on healthcare too. Such a wonderful role model for my daughters. 
#DemocratPartyOperative.   Shame on you! The Dems vote lock-step on everything!! You're a zucking traitor! #FullRepeal you dolt! Wake up!
ACA interwoven? It is not affordable! Remove head from butt! @lisamurkowski @SenCapito
Go hang out with Nasey that were you belong
@SenatorCollins You need a Brain Scan!!!  You just said #RepealObamacare can't happen cause "It's to entangled". THAT'S Da PROBLEM U DOLT!
You promised to repeal Obamacare,
but now refuse. I'm fed up with you Rino's ignoring the will of the people. Your Disgraceful!
Tell the truth why they had VISA problems. Defend your President! Do what you promised your voters! Repeal!!!
good to see you & your colleagues @SenCapito  @lisamurkowski stand your ground voting NO to Repeal...btw, @SenFischer_GSPP & @joniernst 
Thank you for having the courage and integrity to vote no on the present health bill.Very proud of Senator Merkowski,Senator Capito and you
