They are HIS Memos, he was a private citizen, and it was HIS notes.  NOT A LEAK. It said you cant trust Sessions and barely Rosenstein.
He was NOT,a private citizen when he typed it on FBI laptop of a PRIVATE  conversation with @POTUS. He  stole FBI property. Not his 'diary''
Obviously, you don't pay attention. The very first mtg, in Trump Tower, was typed on a secure laptop. That memo is classified because
it reported on Trump's behavior and reaction to intelligence reports, including the salacious material in the dossier.
The oval office mtg was SPECIFICALLY WRITTEN as UNCLASSIFIED document that would not be buried amid Trump's continued obstruction.
So no... not written on a secured FBI laptop.  Written for himself... because he knew it was more than concerning. It was criminal.
Why are you not concerned that in the past seven months 9 mtgs & phone calls, Trump has not asked ONCE about protecting this country.
I thought you might be concerned about Russian interference? Comey is a hero. Trump is a liar.  Don't run for governor you'll lose bigly!!
You should retire too. Didn't you say that being Senator wasn't a lifetime appointment?
Susan Collins, who has made a career of not standing up to Mitch McConnell, is lecturing Comey for not telling off Trump in the Oval Office.
All these spineless GOPpoliticians get together beforehand to decide how they're going to handle hearings by assisting in Obstruction! WE CU
Senator Collins from MAINE: Doing HER Part- to DEFINE DEVIANCY DOWN.  Spineless cowards that NEED TO GO.  2018 cannot come soon enough!
1) Respectfully, per DNI Director Clapper's May 8 testimony to Senator Kennedy, UNCLASSIFIED is not leaking, Comey can disseminate his memo
2) outside his agency, to friends & press. POTUS waived exec privilege by talking about convos in the 2nd para firing Comey & in interviews
3) Whistleblower protection covers fraud, waste & abuse. Comey followed protocol; he debriefed his leadership team & FBI gen counsel.
4) If the FBI gen counsel was included in those meetings he would know if his recollections in a memo is UNCLASSIFIED or confidential.
5) Consider former officials, military leaders publishing books about their time in office & service from their diaries & not gov docs
Comey is a private now and doing something @SenateGOP will NOT do...put our country 1st!!!
SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!
I got up early to watch this.  And you didn't disappoint.  You were wonderful.
Too bad she is not looking for the truth. She is starting to look like a puppet.Maine (and country) deserve much more. Does she need to go?
You have sadly tarnished your reputation by carrying water for Trump.
I'm very disappointed in your support for Trump over Comey in this matter. First you support Sessions, now this? Party over country for you
So senator, you'd rather lie about Comey than tell the truth about your 'president'?  What does that say about you? Nothing good. Shameful.
Not cool! This meme hurts those with epilepsy! Jus a thought.
I agree! Only a mean/evil person would post memes like this after being told that they can trigger epilepsy.
Why are you making excuses for Trumps behavior. I thought you were one republican with a soul
#disappointed. #expectedexcusesfromscuzzballryanbutyou!!
These memos were Comey's own recollections. He could do whatever he wanted with them.
Great to hear you insist that @realDonaldTrump release those #WhiteHouseTapes! What will @GOP Leaders say if TAPES DON'T EXIST? MORE LIES?
Shameful partisan hack. Maine deserves better and I hope they rid themselves of you.
Pathetic questions. ZERO on unmasking of private citizens. Lack of support by GOP Senators 4 #POTUS unacceptable. #TermLimits #DraintheSwamp
Trump is lying. Comey is not.  Trust the professional.  Get Trumps taxes.
No moral compass...none whatsoever!  I'd like to see you stand before your maker & explain...
You are too far removed from the way people live in this country
President Trump is inexperienced?? YOU ARE SHAMEFUL!! Thank you for re-confirming the GOP is the party of LIARS, COVER UPS AND CROOKS!
You asked about the "MEMOS" plural and #JamesComey said he gave "them" to be leaked. #FindTheMemos #ArrestComey
Why should we support Republicans when they encroach on our liberty and deficit spend just like Democrats? #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Ms. Collins, my Senator. You have changed under the weight of the Trump administration. You are bad for US & ME.
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #DefundPlannedParenthood #DefundRefugeeResettlement #DefundSanctuaryCities #UnitedForFreedom
Do your elected job!  Get rid of the giant, bloated budget!  Stop being a RINO!
Votes were altered by the weaponized hacking by Russia
This was a successful #RussianCoup
We expect loyalty to the Constitution over party
How exactly did they alter votes ?
You should be SHOCKED at @POTUS behavior. PLEASE stand for country over party. DJT should not be defended for his ignorance. We have laws!
Lame act Sen Collins. I suggest you don't become part of #GOPutin party. We actually prefer red Republicans to red Russians screwing up USA.
You're questioning of Comey were already answered, shallow, and inexcusable as a US Senator. You traveled a country block, no traction! #sad
I saw the shock on your face when Comey said he leaked his memo. This witch hunt needs to be ended. It's insane!
Really surprised by her questions of #FbiComey integrity ! really surprised but rem #CountryFirst
Ted Cruz: 
Donald Trump is a pathological liar.
Remember?  So true.

Big admirer, you & Angus keep up the good work.
Disappointed in your bias favoring Trump and not the truth!
Seeing you, @marcorubio and @SpeakerRyan cape for the president fills me w/despair. I see that y'all care for party over country. #shameful
I'm sure if President Obama had done the same thing you'd be excusing him too, right?
And why should the head of the FBI teach the president how to do his job? Incompetence does not excuse obstruction of justice.
So Comey leaking documents is bad. But the president not knowing how to do his freaking job is ok????? Maybe you can teach him how to do it.
Excellent job today Senator questioning Director Comey-well done.
So disappointed you would align yourself with a consistently dishonest president.  I expected better of you.
Your profile in cowardice by calling out Comey for "leaking" his memos that exonerate him was ridiculous. #yourlastterm
Trump's approval rating is 34% & falling.if you hang onto his coat tails,don't plan on hanging onto your job.
GOP are corporate puppets that exist to collect $$ for re-election.They serve no useful purpose and will do whatever to stay in power.
it seems some of your colleagues are using Trumps lack of experience as a excuse for his inability to do the JOB!
R u insane? The POTUS can "clear the room" ANY time he wants to. #foolishwoman
What I find really appalling that you would let Russia interfere with our election process. You've been completely quiet about Trumps LIES.
@SenatorCollins continues to disgrace herself on behalf of the president she claimed was too unpalatable to vote for
Do NOT sneak in AHCA whn u think we r not paying attention.  History and future voters will not be kind to any backdoor deals on healthcare
You are very levelheaded, and I so appreciate it. I was very impressed by the bipartisanship of the committee, and I hope this continues. TX
So incredibly flaccid.
Do you have no concern that trump never brought up--with Comey or anyone else--what Russia did to interfere with our election?
I am a lifelong democrat , I wish we had more like you. Thank you.
If it's clear Russian attempted to influence our election, WHY DOESN'T TRUMP ADMIN CARE ONE BIT ABOUT THE COUNTRY and RUSSIA INFLUENCE?
Why would it be inappropriate for Comey to "leak" his own documented record of conversations with the President which were NOT classified?
They ARE Classified!!
Why are you in our Government U think you had FBI Comey admit he leaked, how insane are you, the Documents he used were his as a citizen
What disappointment you were today, we know where you stand now. #partybeforecountry #traitor #complicit
Go, Sen. Collins! 
Yes! By all means, "Go, Sen. Collins!", go far, far away! Preferably outside of the United States. You place party over country madam.
She must have had dinner with the trumpster and clan ! She needs to retire .
Ur comm is a joke.Our election was hack number 9.We were warned we be hacked by the hacker that did the first 5.His OC boss lives in the usa
Country over party! Impeachment now! Our democracy depends on it. Russia is watching!
I was so disappointed in u. U attacked the victim for not trying hard enough to get away from Trump. U should know better
No grounds of impeachment !!!
Grounds of impeachment...is that a coffee?
Do yourself a favor and let @SenJohnMcCain know he was a rambling idiot today & not the POW he once was. He trashed America today
2018 and 2020 is going to be interesting for the GOP. Do you have your answers now? Will you now support your POTUS?
Wow phenomenal job this morning on those questions. Kudos on the leaks revelation!
Embarrassed for you. Frightened for Maine and the US. #GoodbyeLegacyHelloInfamy #WhereIsMargaretChaseWhenWeNeedHer
Not impressed, Senator. You're supposedly one of the principled and rational Rs, but you did little to convince me of that today.
As a Maine-ah, I can surely say she is not middle of the road as she wants everyone to believe.
@chrislhayes Ms Collins is such a dreary, phlegmatic creature .Oh, for the days of Margaret Chase Smith!
Comey unbiased!!! Ha!!! He admittedly tried to sway the investigation. And admittedly leaked info. Clear the smokescreen.Shut down the panel
Your questions were very specific and on point. I know Twitter-verse's been criticising you from both sides, but hold your line!
Great job with the questions Senator. My "gut" is telling me Comey came across as a "Gutless Scaredy-Cat" during questioning.
He is playing victim! He claims now to be weak. Which is it? I say SPINELESS.
You should be outraged senator Collins by the lack of concern out of gop
Lame. Whole @GOP seems unconcerned about Russian interference & @realDonaldTrump's  failure to follow law, Constitution.
hush commiebot, adults are talking.
.@SenatorCollins could you please personsplain WTF @SenJohnMcCain
Pretty soft. Not impressed
You did a superb job. I wish you were my senator. Thank you.
Let's stick to facts, and b.s. that she's up to, and not something she cant control. This is the only thing I'm willing to defend her on.
