He is NOT unifying Americans.  He is terrifying MOST Americans due to fascist policies & oratory.  Stop him!  Do your job!
Yes @SenatorCollins in broad strokes those are good things, but to truly unify we need to be working with same set of facts. #fakenews
His clean water rollback will make the delicious water in your hometown great. Do you care what constituents think #TownHall
WTHeck? Fall for everything the Dems dish out? Guess so!
cannot accept that our concerns are "trivial differences."  We need an independent inquiry and special prosecutor
Russia connection must be investigated.
this is an act. We NEED a special prosecutor. If he is above board - get taxes, truth. Then we give him a chance. Find out!
we'd like to see his tax returns
Lovely statement.  Now let's investigate the connections to Russia; yes, we need to see his taxes for that.  #DoYourJob
I second this motion.  #russianhacking #russiatrump
K...I live in ME...she is itching for Gov.....It AINT happening.  She flip flops faster than a flapjack. She ALONE cud have stopped DeVos!!
He read a speech written by white supremist staff. You must run deeper than this? The emperor has no clothes open your eyes
VOICE?! Really ?
Thanks for your vanilla, vague statement...Please don't add a dime to the $18T debt we are leaving our children.
it feels like the repentance of a cheating spouse. Let's see how long it lasts. Radical and extreme policy not unifying
Everyone wants to "work together". It's usually code for "everyone should do what I want." How about specifics? Clean water?
was this a required HW assignment?  Is Sean Spicer taking this for a grade?
-Are you as "honored" by jeff sessions perjury?
You have GOT to be kidding. The man lies with every breath he takes. DO BETTER. REPRESENT MAINE. ACT https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/01/us/politics/obama-trump-russia-election-hacking.html?smid=fb-share …
we still need an inquiry into #yemen
As a Mainer/daughter of a #purpleheart #marine I hope this doesn't eclipse the legit questions by Owens father?
trump will not change, is behoven to Russians, controlled by Bannon...trust him and you risk your legacy, please stay wary
Oh come on Susan geezus. You need to investigate this man. Do your job!
this is such a pandering statement. You will go down with his ship!
Trump gave you a budget.  What have you done with it other than trying to figure out how to spend more money?
I agree - great speech and I'm looking forward to the positive changes this administration will make.
I was encouraged that @POTUS addressed hate crimes, but saddened by his exploitation of a grieving widow for political gain
(2/2) all the negative whiners and complainers have no solutions, they just enjoy complaining.
-(1/2)Working together on common goals is the only way to move forward. The President offered a smorgasbord to choose from.
- Very positive statement. I am proud of you. I did not know you were capable of that. Roll up ur sleeves and get to work.
people really want to have a normal president.. so I guess we will just have to pretend.. right?
#never Collins again !
thank you for trying to unify this country. We need to work together for the good of the US citizens.
so sad that your support comes from the Masshole transplants who have infiltrated the freedom loving Mainer ideology #gohome
#usnewsandworldreport says Massachusetts is the GREATEST state in the Union. Maybe you and your supporters should move there
and... let's put away the tin foil hat regarding Russia. You only marginalize your yourself. Think "conspiracy theory "...
help the American people with  #TrumpRussia  45 refuses to show his taxes but u can make a difference
So why aren't Trumps cabinet picks all % seated ?
Who's holding them up ?
I admire your positivity... Too little... Too late.  Can't work with this man.  Period.
don't jump on his bandwagon now. Mainers are watching the way you've been leaning away from our President. Special interest?
- Does this mean you'll stop being a RINO and actually support #45?  'Bout time!
#she is a Rino and won't change !
to all ur followers who don't like ur comment...what would they be saying if HRC won to people who didn't vote for her?
Senator I really hope you follow up with this promise. Parties aside america needs our government to work 4 us
Don't be fooled.
Did you get this statement from a can?? C'mon. You can do better. Enough rhetoric! Where is the substance? Disappointing.
proof is in the pudding. Let's start with the railroad that is the @GOP
*meh*
:That's what you are supposed to say.  If you think anything other than he's still batshit crazy, I have concerns.
How's that Russian collaboration investigation coming?
oh. darn. i had such hope for you.
This disappoints. DT and his posse aim to hate, hurt and ruin. I mourn our democracy. Please hold them accountable.
your bar is a bit too low.

it's time to start standing with the people who elected you.
Republicans? Lol. Go home Masshole.
you didn't even listen. #truth
then you need to make sure he continues to take his meds the proper way.
Stand with the people.  This is a #FakePresident with a dangerous agenda.
.@SenatorCollins Any thoughts about V.O.I.C.E & the impact that will have on unity? Or Ed. vouchers  & the impact on ME schools? #mepolitics
-Beth, I don't really understand why supporting Americans that have lost loved ones will "impact unity"?Kinda sick
Come to your senses.  Please.
