#MAGA
So true!! traitor to the CORE
Enjoy your vacation you all deserve it #draintheswamp
You don't vote for repeal of Obamacare then we will vote to repeal you from office in 2018.
ICYMI: Susan Collins has consistently lied about repealing Obamacare for years. She might as well become a member of @TheDemocrats
She is a Dem. let's get rid of her
I hope Trump does the shutdown and makes you timid RINOs crap your undies.  You'll vote for the Wall then won't ya?
Why are national organizations running TV ads to tell Mainers how swell she is? Might that be that the GOP is fed up with her?
I'm sure sick of her. Will donate to get her OUT

Thank you Sen. Collins for always thinking of country first , along with it's citizenry, others can learn from your actions.
The senator is a sell out!!!! This is what she is teaching!
Yup. She's pitiful. Or worse
President Trump will make you all get Obama Care for your health insurance. Can't wait for the bailouts and exemptions to end. MAGA!!
Say hello to 8 years of MAGA!!!!! Haha lol!!!! Love it
I have an idea.  Congress should pass a law requiring congress to have the same health care  as the people they serve. @POTUS
A.......MEN, to "THAT, Brother"!
Had to cancel my #ObamaNoCare, cheaper to pay the fine, ty for that!!!! No refund for me, a Hard Working Mainer!!!
I disagree with most of your agenda but lowering drug costs is very important. Also consider suing drug companies which make opioids.
She's probably lying about that too
There is still more work to be done on this topic. You can buy drugs in other countries much cheaper than in U.S. Big donations cause this!
oh wow health care reform, joke  ny times sucks so do rinos, fell good do ya hows your health care senator?
Forget it.  You are pathetic
Deaf Ears.....
Not surprising that a RINO would post a love letter from the NYT
Watch this folks get the truth on the low life's in r capitol wasting r $ doing nothing but saying no,vote all politicians out,business in,
Whatever you liar. Good luck raising money on your promises now. #yousuck
Cut planned parenthood funds
FYI, you're not getting any of your bills through the House until Obamacare is repealed. This won't fix a damn thing.
I think you should announce that you have changed parties stop being a pretentious
I love  you! and your policies

This is perfect
Thank you for standing up.
Medicare should be able to negotiate drug prices.
Bad idea
Do you think you could get alittle aggressive with Debra Wasserman Shultz and her Pakistan ties?
Simply sad and pathetic!
Thank you!
You're on Pharma lobbyist paycheck receiving time
I pray some other republican runs against you!
You had a chance and you blew it!
You have failed the price that voted for you.
Lower costs 2 everyone by not sending our tax $$ to Planned P. They donate hundreds of thousands 2 Democrats, little 2 none for Republicans!
Collins is a weak minded fool.  Embarrassment to the Republican party.
Hey dummy, drop your current healthcare, get on plan where Americans are paying 5k premium, 3k deductible, then 20% over deductible covered
I am selling my vac house in Maine and will never contribute to that state again as long as you represent it .
I was talking about Maine not NY
^ Sell out.
Get the government out of healthcare.
Gee, that will help me pay an Obamacare Insurance Bill I already can't afford. /sarc
So what #FakeRepublican #NeverTrumper #establisment please remember the people u serve deserve better they will remember on election time
Absolutely
Very imp issue. Our drug costs far exceed other country's. Why? This needs to be investigated and changed
Now that even loser Dems are repackaging the MAGA agenda, you think you will be able to support it? Or do we need to throw you out? Traitor
If u've been paying any Attn, Repubs are the 'Losers'; They've Lost ALL the time voting on Repeal&Replace! Get ur head out of the 'swamp'!
People come in world to help not to destroy and you and lisaare doing Gods work.@maddow @DrUmarJohnson @amjoyshow @CharlesMBlow
. So you really like grandstanding stop holding up what country voted for
Susan Collins is a traitor to the middle class American people,I wish Trump would take your Health care away,Live like us and see how hard
AMEN
HOW ABOUT RIDDING US OF THE UNCONSTITUTIONAL HUSSEIN O CARE??? RINO POS!
You need to act like a conservative and not a Dem you are betraying the American ppl you lied and have let us down want respect earn it
Go ahead @Senator Collins we know you will get it done! You would be a great President!! We would call you President Mom!!!
No ACA repeal.
Mueller Team:
Rep Manchin-> Gov Jim Justice -> Tru.p
Mines personal Russian deals union breaking
Mu h more
Oh no. Not the traitor. You are like a super annoying gnat. "Look what I did everybody. Aren't I wonderful. "
While screwing ALL of America with Obamacare.
thank you
More cost sharing bailouts to pharmaceutical companies?
Go away cupcake, why don't you change parties?
So glad the failing @nytimes favors you! Stop the charade you hack! #RINO #TermLimits
Improve is double speak for this GOP shill to make you thinks she wants to help but all the while she just wants to make herself rich.  Scum
Great, now if we only had health insurance  Sen. Collins
You dont care about anybody's healthcare cost or you would have voted to repeal ACA
One Badass Women who puts Country b4 Party in a Male Dominated Environment! I inspire to have such Courage. This is why America is great!
Generic drugs almost killed me and I can not sue them under federal laws.Generic Plavix and Plavix gave me 2 brain bleeds. Lucky God savedme
Trumpers have no use for this dysfunctional Rino. Change parties
