Your vote for Gorsuch shows a real lack of backbone. Mainers know what a cheat is, and now that's you.
Agreed that problems in Senate (+ House + WH) need to be addressed, but you are a part of the problem.  Problem = GOP Partisanship.
You abject hypocrite, pretending to be sad that the measure you voted for passed. Enjoy the rest of your term; after this you're done.
As an American and a woman, I'm extremely disappointed by your support of Gorsuch and the stain on checks and balances and our constitution
Forget the Senate, the nation is about to fall. Vote everything using your slim majority. Cut out the socialist Marxist Democrats
Party over country. This is the Collins SOP at this point
You express sadness but aided and abetted the blockage of Merrick Garland. You are complicit in why this happened.
I am saddened to see you irrevocably changing rules just to get past partisan differences. A sad day indeed - one you could have stopped.
Republicans were blockading routine, uncontroversial appellate nominees. So Reid and fellow Democrats eliminated the filibuster
45s tenure is an insane circus and you've lost many, many future votes. I've been calling you for months. Guess it didn't matter.  CU @polls
SHAME ON YOU. We will NOT forget. Actions speak louder than words.
Good Statement but u need to understand Dims have a mission to change this country we voted against that on 11/8 and we need u to fully back
Your statement doesn't contain the words "Merrick Garland" and is therefore ridiculous.
Pls that song is old he did not even come close to Gorsuch & never has a judge been picked during election
eliminated the filibuster for executive branch nominations and lower court judges due to gridlock created by Republicans
Your political career in Maine is finished, mark my words. Enjoy the rest of your term.
Amen. Collins is a posturer & opportunist who only ever pretends to buck her party when there's zero risk. Long past time for her to go.
Cloture was filed on 36 judicial nominations during the first 5 years of Obama's presidency, same total as the previous 40 years combined,
Incredibly hypocritical. Republicans obstructed Obama's judicial nominees & used the filibuster 27 times on executive nominees from 2008-13.
Where were you with your principled stance last year when your "Democratic Counterparts" were trying to get President Obama's nominee heard?

@http://www.npr.org/2017/04/06/522701122/5-insights-on-the-nuclear-battle-over-the-gorsuch-supreme-court-nomination
there goes my vote. His sterling academic credentials are plagiarized and women R 2nd class citizens . VIVA LES CORPORATIONS  !!
So again you voted for someone who has lied to the Congress. Has Plagiarism on his record. And you blame Dems and the People for this. Shame
Your Republican Party could not find a Scandal Free nomination? Or you are all are complacent with no Honor. Shame on you @SenatorCollins
What scandal?
Maine voters wil NOT forget how you put party over people. January 2021 plan on saying goodbye to DC.
BS! You know that this is aLIFETIME appointment. If this isn't a dire situation I don't know what is. He thinks Corp=people
Disappointed in your lack of courage and decision to point fingers.  Up your game and lead.
Yes! You have the seniority to be a thought leader but all we hear is how you deeply believe one thing & then vote opposite w/ your party.
What about the Republicans' refusal to have a hearing on Judge Garland? What say you on that one?
Election year they never pick judges- hello
So, it's just fine to ignore the nomination of Garland because he was an Obama nominee but God forbid the Democrats filibuster a Republican.
First you brought us Jeff Sessions.  Now you have brought us Neil Gorsuch.  And you call yourself a moderate?  Mainers have long memories.
Shoe is on the other foot now. "President Obama to Republicans: I won. Deal with it"
No, Dem's did that, starting in 1987
You lost doll
I'll bet you're a fan of Sotomayor, who was reversed by Supreme Court 60%
You are correct to say that the parties need to build trust again. However, it was different a year ago when the shoe was on the other foot.
Simply, wrong doings by the republicans. If we want to remain a democracy, attitudes really have to change. Repub. Will you?
You are doing what's right. That's all that matters. Keep fighting in Washington
I must have missed all of your efforts to get Merrick Garland 's hearings started.
This is pragmatic partisan politics, I hope for better from you, my Senator. "Greatness is not manifested by...#mepolitics
...unlimited pragmatism, which places such a high premium on the end justifying any means and any methods." MCS #mepolitics
Where oh where has your integrity gone? You're serving the GOP before Maine. Shame on you. Answer your phone. Hold a town hall and explain.
Two words, Senator Hypocrite: Merrick Garland
Sorry, this combined with the Merrill treatment makes you just another Party hack. So much respect lost for so many. cc @ChuckGrassley
Nicely worded. But why not even a hearing on the eminently qualified, and truly moderate Merrick Garland? Let's be fair about cause & effect
You can't say you want to restore  compromise after removing the majority's incentive to do so. Admit it--you voted party over country 2day.
well said Senator Collins.
very disappointed in your decision.  This appointment is for life a lot of lives actually.  This is your legacy and shame.
#NOTAMODERATE . True colors shown
YOU JUST WAIT TILL YOU ARE UP FOR RE-ELECTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#NOTAMODERATE
RrrrDo you always present your opinions in circulation language to obfuscate the truth? You should be ashamed of yourself .
You're days are numbered in the senate. Your party votes clearly show that you don't care.
#MerrickGarland
GOP needs to pull back to center, then Ds could cooperate. Ds moved into the vacuum at center as Rs went right. Bernie brings up the left
in the running for Senate's biggest hypocrite
You voted for it, you don't get to whine, Senator. Statesmanship is officially dead in USA.
Not happy about selling my browsing history, not happy at all
Repubs made a mistake, he was well liked anyway this filibuster would have hurt the dems worse.
Oh thank you for selling my browsing hist.
Merrick Garland.
Susan you are in the list I just posted! I hope Maine understands what you just did.

Hello world. These are the 50 Senators who voted to monitor your internet activity for financial gain. 
Respectfully, Senator, this outcome could have been avoided if the Senate had held hearings on the nomination of Merrick Garland last year.
Why did dems resort to rule change years ago? Extreme pattern of R obstruction. You're not on a high road here; you're enabling bullies.
today is a result of your party's refusal to hold a hearing for the nominee of a sitting president. You are responsible.
No, gop did not even allow a vote. Goo blocked ALL progress and sold out America. These are America's goo driven dark days.
Amen, Senator. Thank you for being truthful about the filibuster & for calling for an end to these ridiculous partisan ploys.
Seriously time for a town hall, Senator. Don't hide, face your constituents, or perhaps you don't care what we think?
You are a grown woman not a child, take resposibility for your actions. YOU VOTED TO END FILLIBUSTER, STOP THE B.S. Sad day for America.
Could you please remind me why Republicans refused to engage and consider President Obama's SC nominee?
In other words you are a hypocrite who would rather kill off democracy than give Democrats anything. You'd have made a great Nazi.
As for the #NuclearOption, Mainers thought we elected a moderate who would compromise, not blow it up in the 1st 100 days. #NOTAMODERATE
MERRICK GARLAND.
Pretty sure #MerrickGarland was the victim of a partisan filibuster before any of us had heard of Gorsuch. Check your facts.
you're a coward
Going nuclear ? So aren't your constituents- #gop is finished.
this all started 14 mos ago with Sen. McConnell's disrespecting President Obama's nomination and I find it quite difficult to blame Dems
1/2Senator, I respect and value your point of view and I understand that 2 wrongs don't make a right; nonetheless, quite regrettably,
#gop no integrity.cheat and lie
Gorsuch hasn't supported 's repro rights.Your Ptld office assured ME's 's March DC  reps that you would protect our autonomy.#notamoderate
I think you recognize how far to the right gorsuch is, and how political he has been. You are now complicit too. Puppet show
I had hopes that you were an independent thinker and might put country over party. One can be qualified and highly partisan.
The decision of the Republican Senate Majority Leader not to have a hearing on Judge Garland led most directly to this day. I am disgusted.
Thank you for explaining your choice. Two wrongs don't make a right.
Merrick Garland was qualified as well over a year ago, yet Republicans REFUSED to have even a hearing.  Ridiculous!
Shame on you
That's our Senator thank you now if we could get our other senator represent the people of Maine
sorry, as a Maine voter I do not buy it.  Please do not ask me for my vote again.  You have lost me
Sad yes, but you voted for this too! Now the Senate will be as diseased and dysfunctional as the House. Who wins, a Tyrannical President.
Good job towing the line. REPUBLICANS  ALWAYS CHOOSE PARTY OVER COUNTRY. You're no better than the rest. Common man ain't got  chance #EVIL
You're a fraud. You know Trump's dirty and vote with him 88% of the time. Don't try to clear your conscience.
Very disappointing. I had hoped you would be part of the solution to the polarization.
#GarlandNotGorsuch
You had the opportunity to take a stand for what was right and you declined.  You have lost my support.
The Senate is destined to be nothing more than a glorified House of Representatives. We were warned #federalist10
I am very disappointed with your vote. It's not what ur constituents wanted. It's what u wanted. U lost my vote.
Although I am 100% for term limits and usually oppose your decisions, thank you for voting for Gorsuch, very sad day #MAGA
Your party obstructed Obama for years. Spare us your rhetoric. You will be remembered as a rep who put party over state and country.
You continue to disappoint me as an American, Mainer and woman. You have a chance to stand up for something bigger than you. And you don't.
45 is a pathological liar & possibly even mentally ill. He is a sexual predator and embarrassment. This is exactly what an extreme case is.
My children need representative who actually give a damn about their future. You are letting us down. Every. Day.
YOU SUCK.
Don't pretend you're doing ANYTHING for the people of Maine. You're a liar, a phony, and soon will be unemployed. #welcomehomesusie
awful
Russia meddled in the election, Garland blockaded for a year, and you don't deem these "extraordinary circumstances"?! What does it take?!
So, your actual ACTION, your ACCOMPLISHMENT, is your vote to perpetuate and escalate Senate dysfunction. Do I have that right? #partyhack
I thought you were the only decent republican in the white house. Obviously, it is plain wrong. All republicans are the worst.
Honestly, do you Republicans even hear your own hypocrisy? "The senate is broken but I voted to keep it that way? Because Democrats." SHAME
Contemptible hypocrite.
Will not vote for you again. Too many poor choices in the SC nom process the last couple years. The Senate is forever changed, in a bad way.
Forgetting the "extraordinary circumstances" that brought this on, Gorsuch is a TERRIBLE nominee. As your constituent: please vote against!
Traitor to democracy!! You are a terrorist and are to be feared!!! What your party did will be a black hole that follows you 2 the polls!
Come discuss it at a Town Hall.
MDI high school next Wednesday 7pm
There was also no nominee that could have gotten a hearing or vote a year ago
I agree w/how you has stated this as a senior Senator- as a citizen - reality is heads need to be pulled out of Ass and fix real issues!
Not sure where you get off saying this after ignoring the "sterling academic and legal credentials" of a nominee for a year.
Where were you for Merrick Garland? Silence is not leadership. Luckily we still have @SenAngusKing as an independent voice.
Let's be fair here - she called for a Garland hearing last year to no avail
Sure, but @SenatorCollins “not optimistic that I will be changing minds on this issue" http://bangordailynews.com/2016/04/05/news/nation/sen-susan-collins-more-convinced-than-ever-that-garland-should-get-hearing/ … doesn't suggest leadership.
We get it-party over country. Did you think we forget what you and the rest of the Repubs did to Pres Obama's nominee? You are finished inME
U should be ashamed u time and time again choose party over mainers.  U are now part of the trump agenda #liar #SCOTUS  #neverforget #resist
I cannot WAIT for the midterms so I can pull the lever against you.  #byebyesencollins
New Republican policy: if you don't win the game, move the finish line. Doesn't improve your reelection chances.
Vote out the R senators.. have 60 D. or, you could have brought Garland in for a hearing/vote. another stellar judge who was more centrist!
You deserve absolutely no respect.  You should be ashamed.
We will remember #MerrickGarland  #NuclearOption when you are up for reelection.
It is a sad day and you have blood on your hands senator.
I suggest some town halls for Mrs Collins.
I am sick.  Cop out. Gorsuch was an outlyer.  As important, no one should be confirmed with Russian probe ongoing, and no Pres tax returns.
If I still lived in Maine I would be so ashamed :( 
#NuclearOption #WrongSideOfHistory
You have signed the end of your career in Maine. I will never give you my vote, ever.
This after the Republicans delayed voting on a nomination for an entire YEAR!?  Wow. #Mepolitics
Even if Judge Gorsuch were exactly as well qualified as you claim, @POTUS is under the cloud of an FBI investigation for possible #TREASON.
The @TheDemocrats are AT LEAST as justified in refusing to confirm J. Gorsuch as the @GOP was when they refused to vote on J. Garland.
Would it be possible for you to move to Illinois and become one of our senators? You're country over party sensibility is inspiring.
Republicans stole this seat, and you know it. Your so called "independence" (from your corrupt leadership) is a myth
BAD MOVE Sue The day may come when you regret this action !
Good statement, very crisp analysis
Disappointed you made this choice. I might agree with you if Merrill Garland had received the same treatment in the Senate.
Well, that's the end of your political legacy in Maine. Olympia=Admired moderate | You=Shill
nicely put senator.
I hope the Democratic party finds a great candidate to run against you. Once again party over country.  Stolen Supreme Court seat.
So, extraordinary circumstances don't include suspician that a prez may not be legitimate and therefore shouldn't nominate a SCOTUS judge?
Nice statement, Senator. Thank you for recognizing that Judge Gorsuch is highly qualified and deserves an up/down vote.
"Blah, blah, blah... I don't want your vote in 2018. " Message received, Senator.
I might be inclined to agree. But, Merrill Garland was nominated and was wrongfully denied the job, I say that you're ALL partisan.
History will look back on this moment and identify it as a turning point in this Country's direction.  Surprised as to the side you chose.
What about Garland? Do not blame Dems for seeking retribution for the dick move Mitch pulled.
Problem is, after the Garland deal- #GOP has lost its credibility. Games.
Nope. Nothing else you say or do from this point forward will hold any weight. #HistoryWillNotBeKind Neither will voters.
Hypocrisy much?
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
#MerrickGarland
O I never voted for you
82 filibusters under Obama before Dems created the nuclear option. Government was at a standstill. You used it at 1, and for Supreme Ct.
Democrats used the "nuclear option" after  republicans filibustered 79 times in a row.

Republicans changed the rules after ONE.

#VOTE.
Republican is a bad word you must be voted OUT
adding to my list of reasons to vote for someone else in 2020
You have no shame, Senator.
You are #notamoderate. You have once again sided with the GOP at the expense of Mainers. Shame.
Shame on you. 45 should not be allowed to nominate a Justice in the midst of this scandal and will likely be impeached. #countrybeforeparty
About that filibuster. Don't you recall someone named Merrick Garland? Your party is ridiculous & to blame for the end of bipartisanship.
Very disappointed that you voted to destroy the Senate after allowing the seat to be stolen
Disappointed in your participation in weakening bipartisanship. What was it called when Merrick Garland could not be voted on?
Senator I appreciate your willingness to try and reach compromise with the other side, what happened with Garland makes your letter a sham.
Thank Harry Reid for opening Pandora's nuclear box.
It isn't that the nominee is an extraordinary circumstance. It's that the President who appointed him is.
Gifted, talented huh US Supreme Court just UNANIMOUSLY shot him down during confirmation hearings, I call bullsh*t #Voteherout #mepolitics
Uh, where were you on Merrick Garland?  Does that ring a bell? You put party over country and you and your colleagues are disgraceful.
Plagiarized materials would get college students expelled...why is he not held to same standard.  VOTE NO!!!!!!
You're ignoring that D's produced real criticism of Gorsuch and best R's could typically come up with was that Garland was Obama's nominee.
Pres Trump is under investigation by the FBI for collusion with the Russians! How do you know Gorsuch wasn't hand-picked by Putin?
Why do you think Republicans despise and refuse to abide by our democratic process?
Golly, Senator Collins, is there *anything* you'll actually stand for?
apparently she stands for the ISPs and their lobbyists.
ugh no kidding u_u I'd call it a farce if it were funny
Why did GOP block all judicial nominees and force Reid to change rules? I didn't see that in your statement. Did I overlook it?
Thanks for making all democrats dreams happen.
Two words missing from your statement: Merrick Garland
I'm very disappointed that you agreed to this radical approach.
judge Gorsuch is going to be very lonely well at least he will have Roberts as the last conservatives on the court
Shame on you for moving forward with #Gorsuch while POTUS is under investigation The GOP have lost their way #Sad #Traitors #UnAmerican
Shoe is on the other foot now. "President Obama to Republicans: I won. Deal with it"
except DT was installed by Putin; has 35% approval (Obama left with >60%)
