You seem like a fair-minded person but I don't understand your wanting to spend taxpayer $$ to fund abortions @PPact which is NOT healthcare
That doesn't happen. Research the Hyde amendment. Also, abortion is part of healthcare. And it's legal.

See where it says "opinion"? In America we all get to have one, and only apply it to our own individual lives. Pretty cool actually.
Knock yourself out or knock yourself up either way I don't care but me pay for ur birth control or murder - #Nope #DefundPP @SenatorCollins
I've noticed ppl who don't want insurance to pay for birth control are also ALWAYS against abortion. Fascinating/ridiculous contradiction.
Or put another way, if you don't have $20 for birth control you can't afford to have sex.  #ThursdayThoughts
Yeah that's TOTALLY realistic and exactly how fallible human beings work so way to problem solve.
Hopefully this man will be a non-egotistical FBI Director, follow LAW, investigate, determine crimes.
You need to at least vote to hear the bill or I will spend all my money and time to see. You never get elected in Maine to any thing
Senator Collins, I have become impressed with your genuine care for your constituents, fellow citizens & your commitment to what's best.
Careful Collins, once you confirm him, every 4years we nominate an FBI director.
Disagree, Graham had to put words in his mouth to say oppo from Foreign source take it to FBI. Trump in sheep's clothing, Don't Trust him
Sen. Collins, your judgments are so right, healthcare or appointees, they are right, thank you for your service. #NoCovfefe
Mr. President reCall your nomination of this democratic Jackal! He doesn't and won't support any of your efforts!
Intelligence and independence are important; Integrity will be CRUCIAL.
Where is the U.S. Constitution or Federal Law does it say the FBI director must be independent?

We all have our fingers crossed.

respect I had for @FBI evaporated on 7/5/16 and NONE of U elites in Congress cared HRC violated 18 U.S. Code § 798
Had I done same in Navy
If you do not vote for repeal of the ACA, you will end up like Kelly Ayotte. 1 voice 1 Republican Party! :-) Don't bankrupt the USA!
Good reason to not like him! Another #swampthing, I fear!

Aren't you just special

Ummm... yeah, but then you voted for Trump, and Sessions, and that idiot on the supreme court
Lets hope he investigates Comey's memos and the illegal bias in Mueller's investigation despite no evidence of a crime.
To bad you don't have any of those qualities
THANK U...NODDING SILENTLY WITH HUMILITY...DATA INFO.
Wasn't impressed w/his answers 2many questions asked. Couldn't say FBI meeting w/trump was bad idea w/out prodding from LG
I worry about the fact that #Trump selected him. I did not believe him when he was asked whether or not he pledged his loyalty to Trump.
Like it or not Trump is the Pres.  He will select nominees for 4 years.
Not a team player for the American people vote her out @realDonaldTrump @fire_00


No, Sen Collins. This man was deeply involved in acts of torture under 43. Violating Geneva is not what a person of integrity does.
#noWray
Don't be too impressed. He's also connected to Russia.
Why did Chris Wray remove his related work history with Gazprom & Rosneft from his bio?

Because he is compromised. 
…
I sure hope so but skeptic with what keeps coming out from the rest of Trumps nominees.  Beware many of Trumps people have lied under oath.
Bipartisan is the only way to have Americans win. You can be a hero by helping ALL Americans. trump won because of gridlock.
Well, you'll both have healthcare.  What about Us?
You mean a photo op get to work Senator you are receiving taxpayer $ for doing nothing no recess healthcare FIRST
And his hair!
Lets see, he sure looks like Donald trumps, Lavrentiy Beria (stalin's head of the secret police) to me
Are you impressed by his firm's connection to Russia?
I don't believe a word
Yeah, but you were down with Sessions too,  and he's a shitty treasonweasel. Your judgement is questionable.
Seriously? How great to get #FBI director with ties to #Russia during #TrumpRussia clients & #Trump in #Collusion investigation days. NOT!
He has Russian connections. He defended Gov Christie, worst governor of all time. Please vote NO.
That worries me.
Not impressed after seeing the hearings. He's a sly fox...hiding something.
What about Russian connections?  Has anyone investigated him for that?
Collins is not only a dip shit shes on the take and a democrat pretending to be a republican. I'll only serve 2 terms. Wink! Wink! Promise
Stop the spying on millions of Americans by the FBI. stop government corruption by Intel agencies.
Government workers never fail to meddle in American citizens life. Stop the corruption in the FBI.
A photo op 4 Susan as she blocks the Senate 4 a no vote 2move forward on Obummercare she is nothin but a fake Republican Maibe u got trouble
Who are YOU to say a THING about integrity? You're a liberal Democrat. SWITCH YOUR PARTY AFFILIATION. Damn you're slimy.
PLEASE, run for Governor! You'd make a great Governor!
FBI NOT SUPPOSED TO BE INDEPENDENT! ARM OF THE DOJ, EXECUTIVE BRANCH...SERVES BEHOLDING TO THE PRESIDENT! YOU LIKE WRAY, LIKE COMEY!
Yes, but you like Sessions too so not so sure about your judgement here. Kind of questionable taste in nominees if you ask me.
Shes a TRAITOR to her party and the people she represents.Shame on her.we wont forget.
Hopefully he will bring accountability to the White House
Is he in bed with Russia
you have to stop the cuts to medivare.we need it ,or gut the by in i will loose my home if i have to pay for it
Please get off your liberal agenda or you will never get elected again. Pass a decent health care plan instead of what you want.
She's undocumented  tho......an undocumented Democrat.
R
You are sad woman. Back around of yours is no good. You take pictures with everyone and everything. show me what done
He has intelligence you don't. The Russian Lawyer met with a lot of senators and congressman not just DJ jr. not legal
USA HCAccess is a credit card and a health care savings acct.
ONLY a citizens signature, contract with a managing MD and a signature gets it
We need an FBI chief with zero connections to #Russia
The FBI director serves at the pleasure of the president. Should POTUS and director disagree, director offers resignation, re the constitut
not to mention his hair!
What about the lawlessness of the Obama DOJ?  Comey, lynch, and Rice.  Republicans have not been ferocious enough force investigations.
Susan, you are controlled by your empathy for people,that's good, your solutions are bad. USA HCAccess is your SILVER  bullet!
You said Jeff Sessions would "act with integrity."  Not as impressed with your judgement.
Thank you, Senator Collins.
He has very concerning conflicts
He talked a good game but... listening to Trump in Paris today, he seems to hint at this might make "things" go away. Dig a little deeper!
Keeping fingers crossed.
Get rid of #potus as greatest threat facing America.
No person should be trusted who is willing to work for Trump.
Gov. Needs to be out of health care.  We need choice and an open market to lower prices.  REPEAL.. then REPLACE we need help here in Maine
Works overtime to keep their 3 children and themselves insured. It leaves little family time. FAMILY is Stregnth and is important. ...
Please Senator Collins stand with our @POTUS .  Americans need to have strength YOU are my Senator. My son works 2 jobs and his wife ...
Gut Medicare, "phase out" in new bill.  VOTE NO.  Don't let them kill people!!
Vote no on the healthcare bill
Did you ask FBI director nominee about his ties to Russian banks and oligarchs?
When will he be meeting with Republican Senators?
Selling subprime insurance is immoral! Stay strong Susan- the nation depends on you?
He better have independence since there seem to be very few republicans with backbone these days
Don't be gullible. The Democrats are the ones that didn't let you have input on Ocare. They are trying to sucker you.
Vote NO & hold up any further nominations until possible collusion with Russia clarified. @GOP destroying this country by being s cavalier.
Did you get him to promise you immunity in the PizzaGate investigations?  I guess we will know by your vote.
Come on @SenatorCollins you know you want to be a Democrat turn away from the Dark side
Who cares what you think! Get onboard the Trump train, MAGA!!!!!! Think about supporting our elected President! That would be a change!
And his connections to Russia...nice touch
This guy restores confidence is nothing!
Russia-friendly Director at head of the FBI?!  Really Senator, we already feel helpless.  Why do you think Trump nominated the guy?!
Not a credible endorsement. She sponsored Jeff Sessions.
How will you know he is independent?
Republicans say we don't care about Russia, top focus now is lousing healthcare, but we still care about the Russian investigation
Susan open your eyes!  He has business connections to Russia!!!!!  He'll say anything to get nominated.  Look at his record.
I hope u will not pledge yourself to trump.
Hopefully Trump won't infect him like he has everyone else around him.
He is a good Trump pick. Better than Comey. Need you to do your job and vote for Repeal and Replace. We won't forget.
Russian ties?  Aren't those concerning?
Another good Trump pick
No tax cuts for billionaires
be sure to check on his past dealing with russian enterprises.
Senator, why was James Comey fired, how are you voting on the health bill, and how can you remain in today's GOP? #VoteNoBCRA #TheResistance
He failed basic response to Senator Grahm's question. Polished predictable responses can be lies to get the job. Must know wrong / right.
The question asked was, what polititions are to do with/ if outside negative info on opponent, during election campaigns.
Honestly , you are moving party over people
Seriously concerned about how he dodged basic questions and played ignorant, especially when questioned by Senator Graham.
Are you also impressed with all his Russian ties?
Nominee directed answer to, "all committee" in the room!
HE EVADED AND CHANGED THE QUESTION!
Bot
With respect to you, Sen Collins...
The nominee EVADED answer to Sen Graham's SPECIFIC question encompasses all polititions/campaign!
Bot
Senator, please stay a firm no on the healthcare bill; the most needy in the country know you have their backs!
Please make sure he allows Mueller to complete his work and not interfere
Why does PP need taxpayer $$?
Hope you are right. Last thing we need is another WH sanctioned puppet.
Good.
#DefundPP Sen. Collins
Based on his answers about Russia in the hearings, I'm not sure he hasn't taken the Trump loyalty oath. Vote no!
Caveat Emptor
Saw just a little of confirmation. He had a really hard time expressing that contacts with Russians like DTjr was wrong. #disconcerting
Doesn't take Brains to Fiquer this Out! Obama gives #RussianLawyer Visa then SPIES on @POTUS SPEAK OUT!!  Get a #GrandJury GET #Justice
Agree.
Review his Russian connection please.  VOTE NO.
Since both parties seem to have confidence in him the sooner he gets to work the better~
Yep!
Thank you. Praying you are correct about Wray.
Hello Hello.. FBI reports up thru Justice Dept and then to POTUS. Don't u know this ?
Thank you for your service, Senator Collins! 
that's great, but Paul Ryan wants you to put a cardigan on.  ; )
And a jacket and tie for guys too.. seems like a little more restrictive for guys
What is his history, if any re: Rosneft Senator?
