I admire your courage and your concern for your constituents Senatir Collins.  You have my support in the  next campaign!
How about now?
Yeah, proving once more you can’t trust those damned repubicons
Too true. I’ve been on the same Collins funhouse-ride with you. No criticism from me. Found your tweet when I misspelled “Senator Collins” myself...
In 50 years the Medicaid program has changed tremendously. 4Get yesteryear and let's address today.  Get back to the implemented purpose?
Collins is pandering to the far left socialists in the south ME in hopes they ensure her next fun She completely forgotten her roots!
YOU FAILED! time to replace people like you who are not representing The People, you represented The Democrats, you voted FOR obamacare.
I think you are a traitor to our party
Why can't more republican senators have half your dignity to do right while using good ole common sense? Thank you  Senator Collins!
Such a Good Question!!!!
Dear Ms. Collins, I want to thank you for taking a stand against appealing the ACA. It is needed by more people than recognized. Thank You!
Plz vote no again. PLZ speak out soon. FIRST DO NO HARM.
Harm was done when compulsory participation was imposed by abnormal process.
Neither you or John McCain are republicans, you are dims. REPEAL and REPLACE.
Thank you Senator
Seriously Collins what is wrong with you are you always batcrazy
Please Senator Collins. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. This bill is worse than the last. Work hard on a bipartisan effort to FIX Obamacare.
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Allow for bipartisan serious conversation on IMPROVING ACA! Not this dangerous drive-thru bill.
PLEASE, Sen Collins Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill. For people with PE conditions is going to be devastated!  we need to fix ObamaCare 
Vote no
I am a voter from Belfast, Maine.  Vote no!
You are lucky, to have Sen Collins. Instead my Sen Rubio,
Is useless. He doesn't care about healthcare and he never read the bill 
You are so correct we are all calling him in Florida and he does not care! He is in the pockets of big money and only cares about himself.
I was able to talk today. Staff said "he is undecided" I said "I don't think so, he will appear in Congress voting yes, w/o explanation 2 us
hopefully a yes as this will get insurance costs down.  Currently 1200/month with 13000 deductible.  Ocare Sucks!
Guess you need to look at where those costs are coming from, can you say Republithugs!
So being a RINO you suggest we continue with Obamacare we can't afford now? What do you have for a solution?
Thank you for standing strong against this health plan!
If you would put out a statement stating you are a #VoteNOGrahamCassidy it would help kill this horrible bill.
Tell us TODAY @SenatorCollins you are firm #VoteNoGrahamCassidy. Have courage!  Protect health.Protect 1/6th economy. Why is this so hard??
so 5/6ths of the economy can go down the tubes?  ACA is a HORRIBLE piece of legislation, many lost coverage and many more will.  #repeal
premiums are through the roof under obummer care. You have no compassion for the poor
And half the country supports the people who did it.
Why don't back something beside lobsters on a phone and get help with your speech since tax payers is footing the bill. Traitor!
Do not leave me on Obamacare. Premium $12,000 with 12,000 deductible. This not insurance unless you get food stamps, housing,etc
I have a job. It would be better if I did not but kinda like being someone who pays her way.
So do I and Obamacare has helped millions get healthcare. You can't afford insurance so I figured you did not work.
It does not make sense. $12,000 in premiums and $12,000 deductible. I am not the only who is pissed.
I don't believe you.
Check it out for yourself. Many posts saying same thing.
Like nobody repeats the same lie on Twitter, you are entertaining.
Been discussing this for over 8 years!  Do something or retire Sen. Collins.  It seems your time has come and gone.
Your a RINO!!!!!
You should stick to ruining everything.
Thank you for taking a stand.
Please don't repeal the ACA
It is horrible
Still better than anything thats come up so far...
It is cheaper for me to fund my healthcare. Average out of pocket is $1700 for physicals, tests etc. This is supposed to be Affordable Care
Thats exactly why itneeds to be fixed or go to single payer. Im ALL FOR single payer. Do it like france. If you want you can buy more ins &
Lived in England under single payer. Won't happen for a long time. Congress is in insurance companies pocket
Under Democrats its likely it will happen. Why not just fix the broken parts of Obama care. The Graham Cassidy bill is just so the Koch Bros
Will fund the GOP. Its worse than the last two. EVERY HEATH SPONCER, Group, Provider....all against the GCBill. Its s dud. #fixObamacare
Another LEFTist talk show
Sen Collins you are a LEFTist !
Running around, sunday talk shows, getting your 15 minutes of fame. The Dems still don't like you.
I hope it falls to the ground and then lets see what you so called leaders will do only the rich is for this because rax payers is paying!
We need a President that thinks & acts logically like @SenatorCollins! Taking the time to try to find & solve CAUSES of unaffordable care.
Please vote no, Senator Collins. This bill will destroy the lives of anyone with ore-existing conditions.
They have included pre-existing conditions. This year I will pay penalty because I cannot afford Obamacare
They HAVE NOT included pre exsisting conditions! This is exactly why the ACA needs 2B  fixed not nixed!!!This bill is FAR WORSE than the ACA
They did include pre-existing conditions.
Nope. They didnt and dont & thats why the Senators with a conscious are still at a big fat No!!!

They LIED! Sen McCain, Collins &Murkowski all said that the pre exscondition claws was a big deal breaker! Im going to believe them over
Did you see my article?

Shame on you! You were elected based on repeal and replace. How much are you being paid to vote No, Democrat Operative.
I like the way you think Sen.Collins! Stay Strong!!! Vote No!!! #KillTheBill
@SenatorCollins  Medicaid is not for the lazy and illegals. It was implemented 4 lo-income seniors and disabled children ONLY.
@SenatorCollins thank you for standing on the right side of righteousness for All 
She is in the pockets of insurance companies. Drain the swzmp.
Its #obvious this #rhino aka #susancollins NEVER intended 2 #repeal or #replace #obamacare. Typical #GOP #liar!
Please your excuses summed up in one photo.  Retire n use Obamacare like u r making others.
SENATOR DO THE RIGHT THING VOTE YOUR CONSCIENCE VOTE FOR THE PEOPLE THEY'RE GOING TO KILL WITH THE PASSING OF THIS BILL. NO VOTE 4 KOCH $$$!
I am so glad that you get to keep the special medical carve out Obama gave you through executive order.  Why would you care about us.
Why not go to Fox News. You would get more of your supports???
CBO was WRONG ABOUT OBAMACARE. WEAK EXCUSE
Thank you Susan.  I am so excited because now I can pay more for healthcare or better yet have none at all.
So why did u run as Repub?! Competition betw states is EXPECTED and DESIRED! STEP DOWN- RUN AS A DEM
You and Sen Cassidy worked on a bill. Could you support your Bill?
Why not vote for your own bill?
This is not what we want as a senator. It's grandstanding 4 senators against 50. Not team players. Get them out
Going to go on Fox Business for a real interview??
Senator Collins is a big embarrassment to 90% of us maine people who have done nothing but suffer under obamacare . She has to go.
You can't support health care, but want a lobster emoji shame on you that is disgusting!!
Obama care hurts the middle class can't get ins. U need to help us also NOT just the poor
So nice to see it seems you have Parkinson's Disease, how's YOUR healthcare working out for you while mine remains untreated. SHAME ON YOU
Ms Collins forget it. We are out to make you unemployed. You horrible liar. 20 million set aside to bring you down! Traitor Liar!
Would be nice if u did what u were elected to do. HACK
SUSAN COLLINS HAS BEEN BOUGHT AND PAID FOR.
She Doesn't Give A 3hit About The Voters.
Insurance Companies OWN SUSAN COLLINS
All I know, my premium will be going up from $550 a month to
$710 and I'll have to abandon it
while you people dick around a little more!
Discuss, discuss, discuss...worthless waste of time.. can never count on you. #SusanCollins #GrahamCassidy
Thank you Senator Collins for opposing this death bill. Your integrity is an inspiration.
Thank you,I am impressed that you have gone through this bill, realize the importance of Medicaid unlike the others who just want to repeal
ACA SUCKS FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS! What is your problem?!????
Thank you Senator Collins you have our support always!
Good luck running for Gov. you lost my vote and every Republican I know. Protecting baby killers is a sad reason to vote no.
Thank you for standing up for Americans' access to health care!
Do you like Bernie' s approach to Health Care. That is where you are going listen to Bernie Medicare for all.
Please contact Senator Makowski/get her to join you again in this Stand for our Healthcare and our Democracy!!!
You are my SHEro!
Thank you  thank you thank you
Change your party
Thank you Sen Collins for voting No on behalf of my whole family
You are not listening to the people of your state.
#traitor #treason
Shameful Rino! How very disappointing you turned out to be.
Thank you!
Funny how you are talking to all left media. Shows your true colors.
Thank U again Sen.Collins for UR grounded & astute common sense Re: US Hlthcare. 
How convenient,CBS-The Democratic puppet station. YOU are the type of RHINO that Americans want OUT of office & U will be come next election
You also lost your seat today, congratulations
Thank you, Sen. Collins. I supported the President and many Republicans in the past election. I am becoming increasingly sorry.
thank you for naming specifics about your assessment of Healthcare needs and the bills proposed.
Hey @SenatorCollins?? Hope you realize all these 'vote no plz' comments?? Are fake troll acts. #RepealACA. America needs your yes vote
Why do you retweet fake troll accounts then?
I pray she changes her view.
I can't believe you are a Republican.  You don't seem to care about the people who want have; maybe one insurance company Vote yes
Senator. Thank you for your position on the latest healthcare bill. Having 50 States put together unique processes would be a disaster
Thank you,  Senator Collins. The nation thanks you, you are truly a patriot.
And you are the problem in Washington. Do something for once instead of making us citizens having to endure political B.S.
Get rid of this BS Obama Un-Affordable Health Care. NOW.. All politicians should have to be on Obama Care with no taxpayer funding them!
What's your plan to help average Americans paying $1,000-$2,000 a month in healthcare premiums?  Why don't you try those plans!
You darn well be on board for health care or you will be out of office!!!
We knew how you were going to vote. Your the swamp.
Just get us some affordable options since Ocare kicked us out of insurance and now we have nothing.
Thank you Senator Susan Collins you are our Hero!!
I totally trust your motives and well thought out positions.Thanks for your courage in opposing the GOP healthcare proposals.
I will no longer vote the swamp will never be drained senators will never keep their promise as dad said worthless as teats on a boar.
You do not represent the Republicans of the state of Maine!
Thank you for the energy with which you have exposed the problems with Graham-Cassidy. The bottom line is huge cuts.
When is the CBO ever right?
Wonderful news!  Thank you Senator for holding strong for the American people!
I love you, Susan Collins! Your measured, thoughtful, researched approach to this issue is one all @GOP should follow instead of their lies.
Look at you smiling over using your POWER to betray the American people. God forgive you.
I am a Democrat but I would vote for you any day!  Thank you!
CBo is 21 million Obamacare 27 mill out ,no brainer
@SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC maybe you should watch interview for correct way to propose healthcare change.Thank You @SenatorCollins
No need to worry about her voting no.  She's a Rhino.
How ironic that all the comments in all your tweets are from Democrats telling you what to do, who would fuck you over in a heart beat.
We will be FINED for not being able to afford Obamacare. Will you pay my $2500 fine, Susan?
ObamaCare isn't H/C. It;s a massive redistricbution that's killing me, and my family & our retirement! Shame on you and all @TheDemocrats
Thank you. Thank you, thank you 
Susan do you have OC or did you take the Obama Bribe exemption?
Please vote NO
They already said they would have Pre-existing condition! You need to be covered by Obamacare then!
THE SWAMP or life long politicians that screw american and lie to them just to get reelected.
Wow! How refreshing! I am so thankful for your thoguhtfulness @SenatorCollins ! Thank you for your clarity and leadership.
Thank u 4 ur "no" vote 2 GC. Hope ur goal now is to make ACA better & more cost efficient. Yes, DT will lambast u 4 ur vote but ignore him.
Thank you thank you thank you!  
THANK-YOU THANK-YOU THANK-YOU SEN. SUSAN COLLINS!!! My son has type1 diabetes.
Bye bye Republican Party 
Hey @SenatorCollins why not now Vote Yes to #MedicareForAll?
Can we clone you??? Would love to see more common sense politicians, regardless of political affiliation.
Thank you senator for your vote. Keep up the great work.
Thank you, thank you, thank you Senator Collins for opposing Graham-Cassidy.
N
7 years of failed promise on repeal and replace Obamacare. What id GOP problem? #Disunity.
Thank you-you stand up for what is right. What is going to happen to our country if more Rs don't start thinking abt constituents vs donors?
Thank you so much @SenatorCollins -- you are awesome.
I think it is time to stop democracy in the country and go for theocracy. GOP in congress are just demonstrating craziness. Nothing is done.
Thank you. A lot of people will be grateful. On Medicare for years and it’s good exc drugs. ACA’s DSMT-a big win. Saves money, healthier.
You are a Traitor to your party and the American people. Hope this is your fatal error and politics will just be a dream. Buh bye Traitor
If you are a true “no” on this bill, you are another hero of mine. I know you guys will eventually get a bipartisan bill good for everyone.
Thank you so much for voting no. You helped save so many lives and people in need. Now for bipartisan plan.
You should consider running for ME Gov as a Dem. I'll be writing checks to anyone who runs against you. Your motivations are SELFISH.
thank you for voting no again and for always doing what's right. You're my hero!
Thank you, Senator Collins, for your decision to vote NO on the harmful GC health bill. A healthy America is a strong America.
@SenatorCollins please vote NO on the bill. Millions of Americans will forever thank you!
Thank you, Senator Collins!  #NoMeansNo
Susan pls vote yes on Cassidy I live . We just met our 7k deductible and now we have to do it all over. Pls yes
Thank you for voting NO to the disastrous health care bill!
Please, Sen. Collins - vote NO on this cruel heartless DEVIOUS bill.
Don't be bribed.
Save/fix ACA.
Don't let millions die w #gop healthcare
Thank you from the bottom of my heart Senator Collins for your NO vote. Once again putting country before party!
Thanks for not caving to GOP bribery. We know Obamacare needs fixing; let's get that done & stop the nonsense around repeal & replace.
Thank you for voting your conscience.
Collins screwing America once again along side her other Rino friend McCain. Remove them from office!!
If breaking news is accurate... thank you, Senator, for your no vote.
Please stand with all the major medical assocs, governors & the majority of American people to  oppose the graham/cassidy bill. Thank you!
Thank you!
Bless you from Seattle WA .. for your no vote on  Graham-Cassidy
@PattyMurray
Thank you senator!! 
God Bless you Senator Collins! You have stood your ground again! We love you for it
Thank you for your leadership, compassion, and reason from PA
Why don’t you just switch your party designation to Democrat. You enabled Obamacare by your vote to become law and you have screwed your GOP
Thank you for voting no!
God bless u Senator 4 having the guts to vote NO on that killer GOP healthcare plan. Thanks 2 your state 4 giving us a great Senator!!
Thank you Senator Collins! You are an American hero!
Thank you for being a patriot and putting people over party & $'s. You are one of the few republicans that actually cares about people.
Thank you Senator Collins for voting No to the disastrous Trumpcare Deathbill.. 
thank you for your rejection of the Cassidy-Graham bill.
Thank you for indicating you will vote No" on #grahamcassidy, Senator Collins.
Thank you Sen.Collins for staying strong and pledging to vote NO on this horrible Graham-Cassidy Bill
Thank you for being a human!
Thank you, Senator Collins, for voting your conscience and standing up for the people of Maine.
Thank you for your NO vote Senator. You are a brave Patriot.
Bless you Senator Collins! Thank you for your courage.
Just heard you're going to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!  Thank you, Senator Collins!  You are doing the right thing!
Thank you ma'am you're an amazing woman!
thank you!took it stand for the people. not the donors.#CassidyGraham saved my children's life
THANK YOU FOR THE NO VOTE ON REPEAL!!!!!!!
Thank you Senator Collins!!!! Yippee ur putting Citizens over party!!! God Bless You
Please Senator Collins, the CBO just announced MILLIONS will lose #Healthcare under #GrahamCassidy. You promised.  https://www.cbo.gov/publication/53126 …
Thank you for your NO vote on the Latest health care bill.
