CBO says 22 million people lose insurance; Medicaid cuts hurt most vulnerable Americans; access to healthcare in rural areas threatened. 2/3
Senate bill doesn't fix ACA problems for rural Maine. Our hospitals are already struggling. 1 in 5 Mainers are on Medicaid. 3/3
Let's debate repeal/replace Pres. Nixon 1973 Healthcare Maintenance Org Act that allowed for-profit healthcare to Americans.Unlawful before
Thanks for showing leadership! We need more moderate leaders like you on both sides to get this country heading in the right direction.
Thank you, senator Collins
thank you.
Thank you very much. 
Thank you. If we're repealing and replacing, we have to replace with something better or what's the point?
No vote + call for bipartisan effort to fix the flaws = The way this should be done. Bravo, @SenatorCollins ! May others follow suit.
Didn't you run on repeal/replace? It seems like you're not serious about making needed healthcare and spending reforms. Our country is broke
And one of those reasons is because of ridiculously high medical spending due to people using ER as PCP because they don't have insurance
Thank you Senator Collins
My family and I thank you, Senator.
You are doing the right thing.  The only humane, kind and honorable thing.  Your fellow GOPers are disgraceful for what they are doing!
Thank you
Thank you so much for standing up for the people!!!!!

Thank you for doing the right thing and voting no.
Thank you!!!!!
Thanks for nothing, sweetheart.
Thank you Sen Collins 4 choosing country over party!! Speaking for an independent, 2 Republicans & a Dem who r drinking to your health rn! 
thank you!
Good for U Senator. U have heart. There is still hope in the Republican party
Thank You
Good common sense! Why not lead female Senators on BOTH sides of the divide 2teach the Senate males what women need 4healthy families? #AHCA
Thank you senator Collins
Yes, solve the problem, not replace it with more problems!
Thank you. Please stand strong.
Thank you Senator Collins!
ACA was forced down everyone's throat. It's fatally flawed at the outset. Tell all the partisans to get a grip and go for some common sense.
I made a Twitter account simply to say thank you for suggesting this. It's a practical solution where everyone can have a say.
Thank you!

Thank you for putting people over party!
THANK YOU for restoring my faith! Thank you.
Thank you, Senator
Thank you for your stegnth.

You are my senator.  Thank you for doing the right thing @SenatorCollins.  Maine is lucky to have you.
Agreed
THANK YOU, Senator!
Thank you
Thank you - and I hope you'll be able to show your fellow GOP Senators why they should scrap this awful plan!
AMERICA FIRST
PARTY SECOND
TY Senator
@SenatorCollins
@marcorubio
@SenJohnMcCain 
@BenSasse
#Miami #Dallas #Maine
I want to work w/ my GOP & Dem colleagues to fix the flaws in ACA. CBO analysis shows Senate bill won't do it. I will vote no on mtp. 1/3
Thank you Senator
thank you
Thank You. 
Only 'no' on Motion to Proceed, not the actual bill.
If they don't vote to proceed, they don't vote, right?
She does this doublespeak often. Fat lady hasn't sung. IJS
Definitely agreed. I don't trust them at all, but any opposition to what McConnell is trying to do is appreciated, I want to acknowledge.
But McCain and Lindsey object all the time. Then fall in line. Repubs = Liars
Want Healthcare ??? Go get a job like i did, i worked for 35 years and after being retired for 6 years ? I'm going back to work
You need to seek the advice of a licensed physician so they can tell you that yo
Not one of our doctors accept Obamacare insurance unless we are in hospital. reimbursement too low to make up for those who can't afford
Senator Collins please vote no.   Your state and the nation is depending on you.  #TaxScamBill
I immensely respect you. I sincerely wish @LindseyGrahamSC had your strength and conviction.
McCain is wrong and becomes a disgrace
Thank you for standing up for Americans and not just voting the a try lines
OMG @Jaxgma3235 @dahlia201 @taxvictim @TeeCee_85 @judie352 @SenSchumer "want to work w/GOP DEM #FIXNOTNIX #ACA OMG THIS IS HUUUUUUUUUGE
Sen. Collins has a healthcare plan but GOP won't look at it.
Huh?  She does?  1/23/17 it was rolled out.  You're right.  I watch the media but missed this.  What an obstructionist republican congress.
As a Republican I appreciate your vote knowing that repeal does not fix the problem. Thanks
Time for you to RETIRED and go see a Mental Doctor.Trump
What took you so long? You knew it was an awful bill two weeks ago.
you areen't going to win either one. You sealed your fate when you voted against the healthcare bill.
Obamacare is a welfare insurance for those who don't pay  being paid by working people /high premiums, big deducts& few doctors in network
I hope you get defeated in your next election. We don't care what you want. You vote like we want! Did you survey Alaskans-NO!!!
.@SenatorCollins's no vote is a profile in courage.
I applaud @SenatorCollins' courage. She is NOT follower but a LEADER!
Thank you for putting ethics before partisan politics
Thank you for putting your millions of dollars in donations from the insurance and pharmaceutical companies ahead of suffering middle class.
Yes-fix the plan we have!!
Thank you so much for showing wisdom, restraint, and a desire to work across the aisle to make healthcare a win for ALL Americans!!!
Good proud to have Repub using common sense & willing to step up to help the People. We know McConnell will give u hell stay strong Stay NO
Thank you
If only more of your GOP colleagues were willing to fix flaws, take the good from ACA. Instead they just want to erase 44. Time to lean in.
@SenatorCollins Repairing ACA's faults is the most sensible option. @SenSchumer plz join with her and get to work on the best option for all
Senator, thank you for seeing that ACHA will hurt America & American's. Don't let it through.
So proud of you for standing up to bullies and voting your conscience
I don't live in your state, but THANK YOU for protecting the health of your fellow AMERICANS.
Thank you Senator Collins.   The people will have your back.  Stay the course and do the right thing.
Your Job as a Republican is to #repeal failing Obamacare. Do your job or join Nancy Pelosi
Her job is serve her constituents, all of them, not just the conservatives. Sorry you don't understand how this works
Bullshit.  You would not have diverted negative attention to @realDonaldTrump if what you claim to want is true.  Shame on you.  Failure!
I'm a Dem, but I appreciate moderate Republicans like you.  Wish there were more of you.
Work on #SinglePayer #MedicareforAll
Unite...you are acting very weak. Foolish!
Thank you, bipartisanship will work!
It rare these days to hear a Republican express concern for regular Americans, instead of ever trying shift more of or taxes to the rich.
Despite differing ideologies, I've never really thought Rs were bad folks, but lately GOP seems more Greedy than Grand, more cruel than kind
What is your plan when ACA fails completely --socialized medicine? Where will the good people of Maine get quality healthcare?
@sendavidperdue Please note @SenatorCollins response!  Vote No on this so-called healthcare bill!
THANK YOU for being an excellent example of putting the well being of people before party!
Give us the same healthcare plan(s) that members of Congress have made available for themselves.
You are a model for all legislators Senator and you show why there should have been women at the table drafting the bill.
Thank you. Without the ACA my daughter will die. So while I don't live in ME thank you for your no vote.
Thank you.
Good for you!
Senator, please stay strong and find ways to work with colleagues to improve healthcare not just repeal the ACA. Let's fix it.
You're Exempt from Obamacare,but have the gall to say you want to work w/Democrats who jammed it down our throats -to decide my family's HC?
that is a bipartisan stance that we can all support. thank you.
Good for you. Thank you.
Thank you!
I would be so glad to see you all work together!  To give us something truly great - for the USA is a great country and always has been.
Thank you.
Thank you for putting people ahead of party. This is what our country desperately needs right now.
We need drug price reform. Medicare and Medicaid should be able to negotiate prices.
Thank you!
You are a good person; and your stand is encouraging!  You are a patriot! My hat is off to you! Once we are old & sick:  we're still winners
Thank you for your sanity and compassion.
Senator, thank you for standing up for women, children, the elderly and the poor in Maine! The proposed bill would be devastating. #Dirigo
thx for doing what's right. Hopefully your other counterparts will follow
Thank you, Sen. Collins.
Yes! Thank you @SenatorCollins. You and other moderate Rs in Congress have an historic opportunity today to truly lead. Don't miss it!
Thank you for your courage, Senator. I stand with you.
Thank you.
Thank you for bringing reason and bipartisanship to this debate. We appreciate your leadership
Thank you for serving your constituents. You are setting an important example.
change your party affiliation to democrat please. You are a traitor.
Thank you!  We need more leaders like you!
Maybe you should think about primarying Trump.
Thank you
Thank you Senator Collins. You show courage and wisdom. Maine is fortunate.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems this is what bipartisanship looks like.  Thank you senator Collins for being the woman among entitled children.
Thank you!  The Democrats are waiting to work with you!
Stonetard talks gutless from the guy who blocks people he can't argue with lmao
Good for you for standing up for your constituents
Thank you Senator Collins.
Not buying this faux outrage
Thanks for your no vote.Washing rt now is a travesty.Hopefully you can work together with Dems and create something that is better than ACA
Senator Collins, may God bless your efforts.
I am a democrat in PA with private insurance who thanks you and admires your morality.  ALL Americans have a right to health insurance.
Thank you Senator Collins for your leadership !  You will be the spark that will bring the two parties to work together for a sane solution!
From the bottom of our still beating hearts
This would be a great time to grab Alaska, and get drunk w a couple democrats and workout a bipartisan proposal. Control the narrative 
Thank you for voting no. Thank for wanting to work to make ACA better for the people.
I'm not one of your constituents but I thank you for your leadership!!
Why don't you join the Democratic Party you fit in real good
Yes!
You should have entertained the thought of working w/ Dems on ACA long ago. Only now when it is a political liability for you - do u act.
Good for you!!
Medicare for ALL!! The ACA was a stopgap, and the Republican bill is a nightmare. Give us universal coverage or get out of government.
Thank you for voting yout head and yout conscience. Maine and the US are lucky to have you.
No u don't.it sounds good but u wanna do what Washington always does.nothing.u dt listen to the pep u hold things up @ do what u want.
I am a Democrat. You are one of the few Republicans I respect. Your integrity has always impressed me. Thanks for opposing AHCA.
@batterman_terri McaidCANTgrow @crrnt rate&?Ugot n2Mcaid expnsion&Obamas HANDOUTS.I grw up wout ins,Im MD&cancr srvivr.Mcaid 2oftn abusd 3/4
Her GOP colleagues should take a page from her book & put country before party. Thank U Sen Collins 4 doing what U were elected to do.
Thank you for your care for all the people, not just those who might get tax cuts. And thanks for bringing people together that's leadership
Get the government the hell out of Healthcare!
Could you kindly ask POTUS to do the same, while you're at the White House meeting with him, without any democratic senators invited? 
Thank you Susan!
God Bless you, Sen. Collins!
Thank you!
Thank you for caring about what is best for the people of this country!
Sen. Colin's, it shouldn't take a CBO score to underline the depravity, greed, hubris&contempt embodied in both House & Senate Bills.  #ACA
Thank you, Senator Collins for being willing to work in a bipartisan way.  This is what we need.
We do not want to pay for illegals. Stop this nonsense! Get Hollywood & #Crooked to pay for it
For starters, rumor has it that George Clooney has PLENTY of space in his Italian mansion. Since he has the means, I say let's hit him up.
Thank you @SenatorCollins
Thank you, @SenatorCollins! You can certainly compose a better plan by working together, publicly and openly, with the full Senate.
Is there a chance that you could work with Democrats to add a public option?
Thanks from a grateful pediAtrician looking for hope and faith in humanity.
Please don't cave at the last minute. This is too important for millions. Vote No.
I agree work on the ACA. Don't tear down what is already saving lives to implement something that will kill Americans.
Thank you @SenatorCollins !
This is REAL LEADERSHIP and being from NY I love you for be willing to work on the ACA together you all can fix it and it's not 2 much 2 do
You should know that the CBO analysis is false.
Thank you!
Good News! work with Dems to fix ACA. I hope you keep your word.
Thank you for putting your constituents before your party. Please convince a few colleagues to do the same.
Thank you for your strength. Hopefully, others will follow your lead so McConnell sees how far away from a win he REALLY is on this!
Have you ever considered joining the Democratic Party?
Thank you for taking a stand against this bill.
THANK YOU, Senator, for caring about ALL Americans!! 
Haven't you heard...Dems are NOT GOING TO HELP fix anything. Get on board the GOP bus, put your disdain of Prez aside.
Work w/them on this: "Republicans eye billions in side deals to win Obamacare repeal votes http://politi.co/2rVZo18  " #payolla #money #Bribe
I think we should focus on giving everyone basic healthcare needs by cutting out the middle man (namely Insurance companies).
Spot on, Senator
THANK YOU for having a conscience that goes beyond party, Senator.
Thank you!!!!!!
Repubs ran on Repeal & Replace. If you only want to fix what you consider to be flaws, then we will make sure you are PRIMARIED.
Well Senator, not happy about your decision. 
And hopefully the good people of Maine will remember this when re-election rolls around!!
thank you for bringing sanity back to Congress!
RINO. For sure. Obstructionist. How else would you make a living?
Thank you @SenatorCollins for acting in the best interest of not only your constituents, but all Americans #VoteNoAHCA.
No one is going to work with the Dems, Obamacare needs to be subsidized and improved and you know it.
Thank you Senator. Your words are reassuring that some in gov are about people over party. Stay strong!
Thank you for putting country before party...but honestly it shouldn't have taken you this long Susan.
22 mil ppl will lose health insurance bc they can't afford it. CBO lied about ObamaCare too and YOU'RE STALLING!!
Yes let's make it better for all people! Let's move toward single payor and join our neighbors who have successful medical coverage in 21stC
TY, .@SenatorCollins for showing how our legislative process needs to work if it's going to work for everyone. Well done! #StopTrumpCare
