Please, Senator Collins, vote no on this new Trumpcare bill.
Vote for tax reform or lose your committee assignment. Need to hold RINOs accountable.
These are the people who funded the British spy to go and find the info on Russias involvement in stealing our election
Thank you Bush family
These are the real republicans I used to know about! Than you for your service to the country.
The bushes, all of them had a heart.Trump doesnt care, just a win, like a ball game. Peoples lives r at risk.Dont desert us now, please sen.
Grateful they r still around. They were not as callous as this bill, Mcconnell and trump r trying to push down r throats, with no discussion
SYCOPHANT...
RINO trying to take advantage of another RINO
@GeorgeHWBush served admirably in WWII and then served Texas and his country. WTF have you done?
She's been an exceptional senator for our state. Sometimes service doesn't wear a uniform. #maine
stay strong and true to support Americans. Don't let them strip us of health care.
Wait, are you supposed to still call him President after his term?
Can 39th, 41st, 42nd, 43rd and 44th ALL come back and serve as President together?  #askingfortheworld
It is good to See Potus and Flotus Bush Looking so Well! I hope Everyone is Doing Well!
They are One of Our Greatest First Families, Presidents, First Ladies + First Children. They are Loving, Caring, Positive+Fun w/Good Humor!
What a sweet moment! As a lifelong Republican, this makes me wish that y'all were representative of the party. Sadly, it's no longer true.
Vote YES! I can't believe you would want to keep Obamacare!? YOU are a Republican. Do you know what that means Ms. Collins? Freedom.
Too bad you can't or won't support our current President.  Tired of your obstructionism and back stabbing.
Thank You Senator Susan Collins One of Our Greatest American Hero Real Republican Leader.  I feel Your No Vote is for All The Right Reasons.
Would never vote for either Bush, but they are all great Americans.

Excellent.  I love it.
Great
First of all, Senator Collins is not a Republican. She will vote against tax reform and when the GOP loses in 2018, she will switch to Dems.
Beautiful picture...
Having a grand old time ,  do something about Obama care !
Probably putting down the current President!! @realDonaldTrump
Wow!! thats cool
A picture sure can say a thousand words, huh? All we need now is a picture of 'Prescott' and lil' Georgie, and we could write a book. Jesus!
You have never served. Yet you know Transgender will not hurt moral. Do you have a brain. Or are you just a know it all. It will wreck troop
Senator Collins...you have good taste in friends :-)
https://youtu.be/ZcFWLjEd5xc  He is a horrible man. Please help us #Impeach
When do you work
They look so good! Heartwarming.
VOTE HER OUT... obstructionist and RINO!
Did y'all discuss how the impeachment process is going to go?
The best of Maine.
All RINOS. Yes voted for the Bushes but they are all Establishment Republicans. Not sure what Susan Collins is!
What a deceptive image; it almost makes one think you are Republican!
RINOS!!!  All are RINOS!
I grow more and more fond of their family with each day. Unlike our current leadership, I can respectfully disagree with their policies
Who cares! How about you support the @potus agenda!
I really wish you would consider of becoming a democrat.
NICE PIC!
Would love to have been a fly on the wall while you dicussed the loco person your party put in the WH
I bet it was! Did you discuss the new world order?
Maine's finest!
Collins in 2020!!!
Are they still as nasty as they were?
Three American leaders of compassion and integrity.  God bless the 3.
Wow, a picture of three wonderful Republicans.  Remember when they weren't crazy and stood for something.  Memories
Classy. The way our leaders should be.
Wonderful people..thank u senator Collins for your efforts to help our country
Stop protecting ppact #DefundPP protect the unborn
the rino club
New world order minions stick together.
This is what Republicanism should look like.  Instead, it looks like this 
Elect Senator Collins as our next Governor of Maine.
unusual visit:  they hate trump because he thinks george was a failure
Shillsan please. You know there is a devastating hurricane occurring?  No tax cuts for you and your brethren. We are paying attention.
So delighted to see real conservatives sit with each other's company, we MUST return to bipartisanship  please!
Susan, you look like you fit right in. #rinos
Dear Ms. Collins: Join the Party of Sanity, Progress, and Compassion. You're welcome.
she already has, not in name but in voting record. You guys can have her, b/c she is ruining the GOP brand.
You are one of the few last hopes they have, Senator.

Fix the @GOP
Don't get me wrong....no disrespect to Ex President Bush and Barbara.
So wish they were still in the WH.
Mark my word....she'll be running for Gov in 2018.  RINO...more deep state    Just what we don't need.
That's nice. Senator. Why are the American people still being subjected to the failure that is Obamacare. Did 7yrs of promises mean nothing?

Nice! But better you didn't vote for anti immigration AG Sessions
Love me some Barbara Bush.
Great picture
WHY IS "COLLINS" IN THE PICTURE, THE BUSH FAMILY ARE REPUBLICANS. WAS SHE LOOKING FOR "BERNIE'S HOUSE" ? WRONG STATE.
All RINOS.
What a wonderful country we would have and all of the teaparty gone. Imagine peace & prosperity!
That is all she is good for....
NICE.
Liberal who misses them over here
Oh rich white people.  
Did you talk about triple digit increases in premiums in healthcare thanks to you?
Very good to see the former POTUS and FLOTUS, thanks for sharing Sen. Collins
Barbara Bush is a class act. Big time democrat here, but they both are true patriots I admire.
Ah-Republicans who aren't monsters. I vaguely remember those. Stay strong on healthcare pls, Senator. Bipartisanship is everything now. 
Hmmmmmmm
You're a classy woman. Thank you
Go to Washington and do your job summer is over Senator
What a great photo and I am NOT a republican!!
Me neither! :D
Yet we have NO major health insurance carriers left in our area & are paying equivalent of new car/yr for Obamacare CATASTROPHIC plan. #MAGA
Yet Collins & King worry about DACA. I will never vote for either again even for dog catcher.
Yes, spare the poor dogs from them! Dogs hate RINOs.
3 principled Americans
Say Hi!
And their dog !
So what's it like to be around REAL Republicans?  Rather than the cretins who control the party now.
You will have a lot of time to visit when you loose re- election !
The bots are loose. Pro tip. She won't be losing any election. Learn the US system bot.
No bot. This seems to be the comment of the inept & we will see how well she does . Reinforced by the fact that you are totally clueless .
Mexico suffered an 8.0 earthquake and POTUS 45 ignores them!
Please Tweet our support to their President Enrique Peña Nieto!

@EPN
Dear senator Collins thank U 4 your service an true dedication 2 our democracy you are the poster child of what government should look like!
You r such a class act.
You really are a rotten senator. 

Hi bot. Too bad this is all you have to do with your life. Sad!
Oh they both look so good! A credit to the White House & American.
Nice pic. STOP TRUMP
Waiting for him to die so his crimes can be revealed.
Poppy and Babs hate Cheeto, too, don't they, Madame Senator?
Did you discuss repeal & replace?
you need to get your head together and support our president.
Clear proof you are an establishment RINO
It looks like they found a stand-in for Milly!
