Thanks for defeating last Republican "Health" bill but isn't there infrastructure Maine and other states need more than destroyers?
Obamacare is a disaster & so expensive! But you voted to keep it.. I guess we will vote you out so it can be #repeal 4 the good of the ppl
Would love to have her as my Sen. Courage, common sense. 2 qualities missing in my representatives in Fl.. Count your blessings.
Is not common sense nor courage what she showed,Main has a lot of ppl depending on the gov.,she doesn't want to lose their vote,politics
Of course & she needs to represent them too.She doesn't put party over people I like that. Mine don't even read the bills, Mast admitted it
Her people are all subsidized,& yes, she should  for the good of all & hers will benefit too!she should explain that too ..
If only they could find a way to work together.
Yes, and in order to do that she has to #repeal Obamacare, there is no other way and she knows it.
Well I  think it can be fixed. As a nurse I saw the benefits to many of my clients.If Institute cos put the money they made back into lower.
You and trump getting along so well, BIW and Portsmouth will probably be looking very solid
You lied to the American people AGAIN. We'll remember on election day. I want to know 1 thing, how much did your soul go for? 5, 10 MILLION?
When is her seat up? Can't wait, no more RINOs
I'm trying your advice
And you screw everyone else w/ ACA vote  example family ins in 6yr went $312 to $1200 thats $800 mo taken from budget 4 food,clothes ect
Maybe the GOP who do not agree with Trump should speck up.   Tax reform is a house of lies: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/09/tax_reform_is_one_big_lie.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … … … via @slate
Remember that you voted against an assault weapons ban in 2013. Do you feel proud of that today? It's time for sensible gun legislation.
Too bad we're not proud of you!! You my dear should be forced to have Obummercare!! See how that works for Parkinson's! #shameonyou
Backstabbing dem...
Let's vote this rhino  out
Governor Collins never going to happen ! Change your party fraud
Thank you for doing your part to perpetuate the unaffordable, unsustainable healthcare system that was foisted on us by you Democrats.
I believe it's time to move beyond supporting trump to his impeachment. This nation can not afford to be lead by a such a man.
I don't think the people are going to tolerate his stupidity much longer. It is coming down to him or US.
Your President. Your Party.  Your (Declining) Legacy. #mepolitics
Since you vote no on health care.  Where's your plan?
Resign!
It's to bad this woman doesn't work as hard as her constituents, she sure knows how to betray them.
Shame on Congress & Senate for allowing Trump to treat Americans like they are nothing! He needs to be impeached right now!
Wow. Your TL is increasingly infested with trolls and bots. The result of taking a very principled stand in the current tribal milieu. 
You are an embarrassment to our country. History will tell the sad truth.
Unfortunately Susan you have no respect for tax payer's money.  Obama care Cost in 2016 was 110 Billions,& continue going up.
Bot. Aaaaand block.
Witch
How much you make on the deal?

One of your major donors?
That's lovely. Think next you could get the 101st refueling division in Bangor a new tanker? Theirs are SIXTY YEARS OLD and still flying.
Susan came out of her Bead Class at the Nursing Home to have her Snowflakes post Bullshit!
Just resign
If you really cared for the people of Maine  you would've voted yes on  health-care
Lucky u had nothing to do with that. Maybe u can learn something from them
Susan you're a real trooper. I have to thank you again 4ur support to caregivers. That's what I am. Still can't thank u enuff 4all youvedone
Wish you would run for President!
This does not change the facts suggesting you apparently are the Queen of the Washington Swamp. DX: Personal Loathing of President Trump.
MKGB.  Maine Keeps Getting Better, thanks Senator

SENATOR COLLINS WE LOVE YOU!!! Xoxo
So all of you continue to support me because it's soooo much fun pretending to be a Republican and hurting American households!
repeal and replace, remember that
Keep pandering rino, you senate days are short
what's the status of CHIP? Asking for 9 million children who depend on it.
You are one of the hardest working senators in US senate.
RINO. Change to a democrat because that's more representative of who you are!
Why did you condemn the middle class to poverty with your stance on Obamacare
Traitor Democrat I hope you lose your seat
Last statement betrays party identity
Susan you are good for America.
But she was elected for one state that only had 2 votes to begin with
And their Sen.
Bot
It's obvious you are fixated on becoming governor of your fine State.  Why not retire from the Senate and get on with it.  #rino
democrat in GOP clothing
Good job.  BIW puts food on the tables of tens of thousands Mainers. Don't take anything for granted.
Im very proud President despite obstructionist senators.  You may be applauded by Dems, but come election time, swamp will be drained
Congrats to GD!

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
