apropos if nothing else; one #traitor RINO stroking another #traitor RINO

Be aware, the reckoning is coming #ItsOverForYou #PrimaryALLofYOU
He is a phony
He is a true American hero.4 times. POW,defending Obama when running against him, saving America from Russia and Obama healthcare. Beat that
Working for self interest of for Washington who is so out of touch and so corrupt is why WE the People want people like you and McCain out.
You and McStain  #FAKErebubllicans
He has lost his Republican core beliefs.  Many Republicans are furious with him.  Me too!
Well deserved? Really? The reason Bannon's approach is so inconceivable to you is that you don't represent the people of this country.
congratulations john for having the courage to persecute first nation people
Seriously?  Denounce Putin and I will read and answer your twwets. Are you paid to tweet mean things? Both Senators have political balls.
Remember when the president said he preferred his war heroes not captured. how can people still support Trump he's unfit to be a leader.
Can we talk about the tax scam?  It cuts Medicare and Medicaid to give tax cuts to the wealthiest people in the country.
Did you feel that way when Obama raided Medicare to fund Obamacare?
Source?
Too bad ur POTUS doesn’t see him as a hero!! Someone should inform him that draft dodgers should not put down real war heros! #25thAmendment
Research McCain
Don’t be cryptic.He served 23 years & was a POW for 6, while Trump took 5 deferments! One for bad feet!There’s no comparison! #25thAmendment
U didn’t do a good research
is it a jewish led organization:)
Two old senile bookends time for you both to retire!
Denounce Putin and I will read and answer your tweets.Senators Collins and McCain will be in movies made & THEY will be the heroes. Love em.
I denounce all Democrats obstructionist. Start at the top Pelosi, Crying Chuck, Bumbling Bernie, Obama, Hillary. Supporting them shameful!

Denounce Putin & his idealsThen I will read and answer your tweets.USA 1st.Sen.Collins & McCain heroes & will be portrayed/history as great.
You’ve got to be kidding! Vote her OUT TOO!
Denounce Putin. Put America 1st. Then your tweets can be read and answered.  USA 1st.  We are at war w Russia. Thank you Collins & McCain.
With all that's being exposed now regarding Uranium One, and how cozy McCain has been with Clintons, wouldn't doubt he's involved somehow.
You are both traitors to the American people! Do you not understand that the Trump agenda is the American people's agenda? You Are in...
I'm feeling so sorry for you Tami.
Now I no longer feel sorry for you. I pity you
Agreed
If you really want to honor Sen. McCain, start pushing for impeachment.
Coming from a rino your opine means nothing!
I am so grateful you are my Senator and have the courage you have. (even if I am a Dem)
#MAGA He doesn't deserve that award. You both need to retire or start voting like the REP Americans voted for
You do realize we are at war w Russia?Sen. Collins & McCain are American heroes.Denounce Putin And I will read your tweets. USA 2st. Wake up
He deserves that and so much more.  John McCain thank you for your incredible sacrifice and dedication
O.m.g.! You folks are either the most uninformed or most ignorant! Collins and McCain are traitors to the American people!! Pure and simple!
Have u lost your mind.
His past does not excuse his actions.
Seen collins,  please keep our country safe from  fool like trump.
Too bad his metal won’t matter much in HELL. John McCain is a waste of time & a Democrat in disguise just like you!
What’s wrong Susan. Steve Bannon got you scared? Well, you should be. Good luck in your next election!!
And you r a very special & brave person Senator U obviously care & have empathy 4 all people who need help.We need 2 investigate PuertoRico
A hero recognized for who he is.
He certainlydeserved it. He is a true hero Not many like him around Congress 2 day You r fortunate 2 b his friend. I love JohnMcCain
Good people beget good people. To are a hero Senator Collins. Stay strong.  PLEASE. We can save America and it's beautiful history too.
People won't remember that. They WILL remember your silence and complicity in this debacle of an administration. #GoodbyeLegacyHelloInfamy
You are a hero and strong woman whim I admire. I'm dem. But 1 woman against Congress? Great job & keep it up. We can save USA together.
Your both RINOS and need to go!!!
Cain perfect example of needing term limits
Why do you want to cut Medicare by $400 billion?  This will hurt seniors in Main!
John McCain is a traitor and a snake in the grass that needs to retire because he is no good and worthless
No wonder you like Trump. You're Cut From the Same Cloth.
Too bad he didn’t get a medal for helping Americans with better healthcare
Congratulations Senator McCain you're most deserving!
U and McCain two peas in a pod
You both deserve a big D behind your names. No surprise that you're close!
Thank you
Says one RINO to another.
Both of you are Democrats please retire wait no re !
I want to thank you Sen. Collins for your part in saving our healthcare Thank you from the bottom of my heart! Don’t hurt Medicaid/Medicare
Gag me!!
From one Democrat to another Democrat.
You sir r a #hero! Thank u for speaking out for all #Americans. @realDonaldTrump cant hold a candle to u. Wishing u well each & every day.
Please vote against theBudget!
Please support the Bi-partisan deal to fund key federal health-care subsidies (CSR's) for 2 more years. #FullyFundCSRs
John McCain aka Benedict Arnold
Do you not realize we are at war w Russia?Sen. Collins & McCain are true American heroes. Denounce Putin and I will read your tweets.Wake up
Busy, busy patting each other on the back and kissing rumps.  You're good at stalling out the republicans but where are your solutions?
And yes, Senator McCain is truly an American HERO!!!!!
I am a fiscal conservative/social liberal dreading a future America without SenatorMcCain and SenatorCollins protecting our American values.
So you show up 2 days at the Capitol, spend 1 day mumbling on tv and spend the rest of the week accepting awards for NOT doing anything
Your a #FakeRepublican who will lose when your time comes u and theold dino McCain r #wolvesInSheepsClothing #Shameful
In Deed...The Maverick Is A Statesman!
That is a fucking joke.
@realDonaldTrump hates veterans. They are a daily reminder of his cowardice life. Maybe Gorka will give him one of his fake medals.
Two big double minded incompetent politicians who are the SWAMP..MCC is the worst Senator in AZ history!’
It’s sad y’all congratulate McCain and Trump bashes him.
All you Democrats stick together
Oh wow sheeps are all around us...
Sen Collins, how long until the @GOP put's Country over Party and removes the Malignant Narcissist?
He was a schumk, is a schumk and will always be a schumk. Huge disgusting rhino. I only voted for him becuz of @SarahPalinUSA .
We must save America from the attacks against us from Putin. USA 1st. Sen. Collins &McCain American heroes-movies will portray them as such.
Terrorist Gorka admits sabotage: "The left has no idea how much more damage we can do to them as private citizens."
Denounce Putin and I will read and answer your tweets.  Why would you want to hurt America especially at this moment?  America 1st.
Two fake republicans.Two traitors
May you too show courage and conviction to vote NO on the budget resolution.
No accomplishments achieved in any of your lifetime's will matter to history if you allow trump to "continue, until the first bomb drops"
This 
From one Democrat to another. How cute!
Traitor
Thank you for your service! To all Rino calling respectfully can't you find your own party.  Stop latching on if you don't like the GOP.
United we stand.
Please stand with John McCain to oppose the Bogus tax plan to enrich the 1%...
Yes,  @SenJohnMcCain is a true American hero. The mad man in the White House who is attacking him has already damaged America! Difference
Why don’t you both get off your horses asses and DO some work and make America great again!
You both got together on denying us healthcare too. Did you congratulate each other on that failure.
Not from me- you and him need to leave the senate @MeghanMcCain
Like you he had to get it presented by a democrat.
LMAO!
two ,two faced Rhinos
He is the true definition of hero, in every sense of the word.
ONE quisling/RINO praises another. Manchurian Candidate w/ career of selling out GOP/Az will probably come out of DNC closet-join Dems!
@SenJohnMcCain more courage in his pinkie than @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan @UassSenMcConnel @realDonaldTrump combined!

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
McCain is a Manchurian experiment gone awry so they decided he'd be more useful in the Senate & instrumental in helping get Obama elected.
I'm almost certain McCain made @SarahPalinUSA  his attack dog & purposely left her dangling as payback for rooting out corruption in Alaska
A real deceit man you deserve it all well done
