But you voted to nuke the fillibuster. You, Graham, and McCain are intelligent, likeable, and talk a good game but in the end do nothing.
Pay no attention to what they say, it's what they do that counts.
SCREW IT!!!
Really appreciate your efforts to maintain diversity and institutional stability.  Campaign finance reform would help protect constituents.
But corporations are people, & thanks to Citizens United, not possible. $17 million therefore spent on Gorsuch, whom she broke the rules for
Many legislators HATE the hours demanded 4 fundraising & loss of principles.  Make alternative a voter issue, "ACA and Democracy in Danger."
You voted w/ your tribe, 4 tribalism & a blatantly politicized court & so fracture & divide our country. Garland is moderate, has integrity.
There are no moderate Repubs left.
Every last one of you are hard right partisans.
2020, vote Susan Collins out!
In 2008, calling Dem female voters, I pointed this out--she always votes with her tribe. But Maine women wanted to believe she was for them.
Susan why cant these two dummies just listen to you?
Thank you for voting against the nuclear option.
Sorry, kiddo--she voted FOR it, just like she'll probably do again when some GOP legislation gets filibustered, no matter what she says now.
So you changed the rules to get what you wanted and now want to change the rules so no one does it to you. Got it.  Vote her out, Maine!
What do letters do? Votes count
thank you both. Someone has to protect the center.
Friday, she voted against the center (Garland), 4 the $17 million Gorsuch, & busted rules that preserve moderation coz tribal boss demanded.
Bravo, preserve it for legislation but vote to nuke it for a lifetime appointment. You've outdone yourself.
So what did your letter accomplish exactly, Senator?
She feels less guilty?
Pathetic. This does nothing to take away your vote for a tiny majority. Gorsuch didn't have 60 he shouldn't be sworn in.
You're a hypocrite. You're actions are going to destroy our democracy. GOP wants to cry about DEMs but you're the ones changing the rules.
despite your words, you voted to invoke the nuclear option, ma'am. How do you rationalize that?
U like 2 act like u are bi-partisan & not rubber stamp 4 our Russian prez. Which makes u worse than rest. They r honest about Being scum
nice try but your actions spoke louder than the words in this letter
This makes me ill.  Hypocrisy is amazing. Laws can change. Lifetime appts do not. #notamoderste #stolenseat
people r confused, yesterday's BS destructive vote only applied to SCOTUS nom. Now they have to reign in turtlehead to not do same w/ legis
screw it. Let's get rid of the filibuster and then vote in a Democrat congress. This will be FUN.
Thanks for your efforts. I'm thankful you are in the Senate.
you do realize she voted exactly the opposite yesterday, right?
I did not. How disappointing. Thanks for letting me know.
U r letter rings hollow.  When push comes to shove u will turn ur back and vote party over people. U r 2faced .@SenatorCollins #liar #maine
Thank you for being an adult in a room full of men.
The US as I knew it ended yesterday. No more country over party, just partisan wins at any cost. It was a noble experiment while it lasted.
Nice show, but we won't forget how you forsook Mainers & destroyed the filibuster to reward your immature party & damage civil rights.
It doesn't matter, you voted to change the rules. Who cares what you talked about? You VOTED. #ActionsSpeakLouderThanWords
It's really a shame that they did not and will not listen.
Good try. You voted to encourage more partisanship in all aspects of legislation and law making #shameful
Right, nice letter but you stuck with GOP in ending filibuster and changed rules.
NH native who has greatly respected you through the years. "Go big or home.". You went home in this process, now you sound lame.
I am so happy you voted to go nuclear. Thank God we have the supreme court back! There is a flood from all the tears of melting snowflakes.
Day late & $1 short but appreciate the effort. Pls restore other 2 rules & urge all Sens to filibuster properly. Thx for leading.
We see through this.  Just like Devos.  You speak for "the people" when it doesn't make a difference.
Yet you voted the nuclear option, pathetic
Minority's in congress will now forever be silenced, the demacrats will win seats back because republicans sold our privacy good luck
Well at least someone got the 60 votes needed
Keep the filibuster for legislation which can be changed, but vote to kill it for a LIFETIME appt to SCOTUS? You are a hypocrite & a coward!
This is ridiculous! Why did you not stop nuclear action then? trying to keep filibuster in case ya need it later when u lose Sen. majority?
Sorry @SenatorCollins, while this action is good, you let us all down by voting to remove 60 vote requirement for SCOTUS.
I'm not sure then why you voted for the nuclear option.  Can you explain?
These men are anything but honorable self serving pricks all of them.  screw the poor is the only can agree on.
If congress is allowed to make their own rules may we the people do the same? Let's talk term limits
Too little too late..You voted for nuclear option yesterday... What do you stand for anyway ? You are all over the place!
The Susan Collins Protection Act of 2017
McConnell said 4 days ago he had no intention of changing filibuster for legislation. Your letter=a waste of time and our $. Partisan Games.
By the way, you might want to reconsider your hashtags, unless you really are just doing this to protect yourself.
You already revoked judicial on a disgusting pretext, this isn't the cover you pretend it is. Just highlights harm you've already done.
Garland
Should have voted that way yesterday. This letter is meaningless next time an odious piece of legislation goes before Senate. Coward.
where was your "bipartisan" lead when Obama who won by much more than Trump in giving Garland a vote? Your a liar saying Ur bipartisan
So it's ok to up-end it for lifetime appointments to SCOTUS, but not for legislation? What hypocrisy.
Should have been same for Supreme Court Lifetime appointment.   Too little, too late.
You blew up the senate. Just own it Susan. Don't try and have it both ways. Your vote was disgraceful.
Yet YOU voted to end it?  WHY?
I guess you should have thought about that before u changed scouts for decades.
Every Congress Legislater Voted For Gorsuch And Hinder The Will Of The People, Times Up! Voters Will Have Last Say! #RealNews2017
@All100Senators @ChrisCoons Except when push comes to shove R Senators will claim #GOPAmnesia  SAD!
To paraphrase Machiavelli..."A princess never lacks an excuse to break her promise."  But keep on clutching those pearls for what you did.
Too little too late, Senator. I believe your heart is in the right place, but for some reason you continue to support GOP actions. Buck them
WTF does this even mean?
Let's just open this cursed box halfway. We should all be fine.
Did I miss something? Did you or did you not vote to change the rules?
This is about legislation, but she's just kicking can down the road. She'll go nuclear next time Dems "obstruct" legislation.
Oops, except for that rule you voted to nuke yesterday. You have won your last election.
WHY write this letter when you could simply have voted against it yesterday?  Are we supposed to think it has some meaning? #mepolitics
America is sick of Trump's golfing.
So what happened?
so much for that! One more stinky Trump nomination swept into office.  You have to live with your votes.
Why not propose a constitutional amendment that would require 60 votes for all votes in the senate?
All for show. You voted for Gorsuch and didn't care when Garland got screwed. You're finished in Maine, that's a certainty.
