Repeal the damn obamacare then work to come up with something if not your time as a senator will end among others. Stop this shit
Love it!
#FactCheck
YUGE Crowd At ScoutJamboree CHEERS For #TRUMP

How'd ALL those Russians get in?

…
A real leader that uses her head, from a dem, good job
US fairground a makeshift hospital amid Obamacare  http://dailym.ai/2uZTyko  

OBAMA/RINOS/DEMS/COLLINS CREATE "3RD WORLD USA"
Did U tell them your vote to not repeal the AHC guarantees unaffordable health care for them and will further bankrupt the country?
Big f**king deal; show us your CV. Are you intelligent enough to be a Senator?
I'm a Lib and was a Campfire Girl :) But you @SenatorCollins R my new hero for standing up for what is right, not for party with you No vote
Thank you, Senator,  for acting on behalf of your constituents. May you continue your great work for many more years. Don't repeal.
@SenatorCollins Again, thank you so much for your heart. You are a hero to us. 
Tina = Looser
I don't live in Maine& not a Republican. I was a Girl Scout. I'm very impressed & grateful for your stand on current 'health care' bill.
Watch how you can profit from doing nothing Day!!!
STEP DOWN!  STOP THE LIES THAT YOU ARE A REPUBLICAN!  SOME CONSTITUANTS SHOULD SUE HER 4 DECEPTION. NOT the goods advertised!
you must be a democrat when we can vote you be out you dont care about Americans who can't afford healthcare vote out ACA
You offer no alternative to Obamacare like Rand Paul.obstructing is not governing.get a job !
Where you did not make then swear loyalty to you like Hitler youth. #trumpboyscoutjamboree
Those praising you didn't vote for u in the first place. They will still vote dem next time around. Reps won't vote 4 u
You were a bad scout who never believed in team work.
She wants Planned Parenthood funded with our tax money so that Democrats campaigns could be funded. LIAR DEMOCRAT
I hope these girls are unaware as to what is going on in the White House and will continue to strive to be honest and caring citizens.
Terrible decision. Screwed us all.
Repeal Obamacare damn it
Oh so cute! Why don't you #resign if you cannot support our @POTUS that be better than getting voted out!
Her job isn't to blindly support Trump.....checks and balances & working in the best interest of her constituents.
I cannot think of a better role model for these young wome. Sen. Collins is one of the few to put the needs of the people above partisanship
Because she's a freaking Democrat lying and saying she's a republican. That's called corrupt deep DC establishment
If you don't like it, fix it. I am tired of the whining. Get it done.
Thank you for being a role model for my 3 girls scouts and standing up for health care for the vulnerable. Courage can take many forms.
Get to work on healthcare!!!!!
I mentored 16
Girl Scouts and we all thank you for voting NO on repeal!
Good grief...this is all this woman ever does.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/887356219114967040 …
Awesome!  I was a former Girl Scout too.  You make us proud Senator Collins. 
Don't be posting about girl scouts.  You need to get serious right now.  The tyranny of Obamacare must be abolished NOW.
You've voted in the past to repeal, when Obama would veto. Now that it can happen, you vote No. Truth always comes out, liar.
You're OUT!!!
Watch a video or 3 of what actually takes place during an abortion and explain how your position honors these young women.  I dare you.
Collins is an undercover democrat that needs to be voted out of office. She supports Democratic policies including planned parenthood.
Be like the Girl Scouts, & continue to "do your best" to protect healthcarefor the  citizens of Maine! Thank you for your support.

Here are the phone numbers for Portman and Capito and Collins. Let them know they made a promise.
(202)224-3353
(202)224-6472…
Thank you, Senator!
We will NOW run a true conservative against you. #RepealObamacare or be gone!! @realDonaldTrump says go Nuclear 51 votes.
My name:Emmanuel Onojovwo. This is the 3rd day l am sending this message to you ma.
My goodness
that explains a lot
you are a great woman
and make us all proud Americans
thank you
Ty
You make me proud!! Thank you for putting people over party!! 
On your honor, cookie? ;)
Latinos4Trump is ready to prostest you because u are not a Republican
This is adorable.
Thank you for your no vote on #repeal&replace. Don't let McConnell intimidate you! #peopleOverParty
Come to Alaska where there will be ZERO insurers available in 2018? Or r your political aspirations more important than the rest of America?
I respect and admire you. I can only imagine the pressure you face daily. To stand for what you believe & represent the people... thank you.
As a former Girl Scout may I say how proud I am of you. As a woman may I say how proud I am of you. As a democratic may I say how much I (1)
Make sure you vote no on repeal and continue to do the right thing for these girls & millions of children across Maine & the country.
Thank you Sen.Collins for saying no to repeal
You are the type of Republican I used to vote for before the tea party came along.
She didn't say no to repeal, it's going to be a full repeal now and her Democrat butt is gone next year
Thank you @SenatorCollins for allowing this Democrat to believe not all Republicans have lost the ability to reason.  #CountryFirst
We willes will never go away, they always need someone to feed them.
So grateful for your leadership!  You still believe in democracy.....wish your colleagues would join you.
Please DO NOT allow repeal of #ACA It allowed our son to stay on our Ins so he could get medical care he needed. And now @ 26 he can get Ins
Personally favor the Girl Scout Thin Mints in the freezer, the peanut butter cookies come in second. Enjoy your day Senator! MIke H
I'm hardly delighted I have an insurance plan that went up 47% last year paying for a product I can't even use!! We need help and fast!!!
Never learned to be part of a team?  Don't always get everything right but you move the ball forward. Thanks for saving zerobama care Rino
Vote no on full repeal
Already said she is.
Good 4u Sen. Collins a true American!
Why not just never have to worry about your vote?  Maine needs a Democratic Senator.
Our healthcare needs a lot less drama.  Time to get rid of Susan.
They would have to kick you out now. You need to be responsible for what you say and do. You said you would repeal Obamacare - You lied.
Her Girl Scout oath prevailed. Today,@SenatorCollins voted "No" putting people's lives over politics & pocketbooks.
Why is McConell moving on full repeal ?  Repealing Obamacare is a bad idea. Please Vote No.
No the thing is horrific expensive and we can't afford to use it!!
For the sake of these girls and millions like them, please vote no on repeal of ACA. It's like throwing the baby out with the bath water.
Maybe for you but not people who can't afford their premiums and can't even use the damn foul democratic product Obamacare! Shame on you
What did the Girl Scouts teach you about voting for obamacare repeal when you knew it would be vetoed and then abandoning your party?
What separates you from the democrats? If you refuse to reduce entitlement spending, what is your plan for the 21 trillion deficit?
You but votes from the lowest common denominator and stick our kids with the bill. A perfect example of what is wrong in America. No morals.
Thanks for nothing Collins on health care
SHE stood up to trump & rep majority voting NO. @SenatorCollins thank you for putting American's before politics!
Shakes Collins needs to retire
Just do your Job !!!   anything................

7/18  URGENT #CallToAction: #ACA repeal = death sentence. Call senators. #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare #LoyalO

…
