Thank you for standing up to blatant bullying!
Bipartisan?  chumer's "reconditions" & Dems fix is to throw more $ at it.  You're not looking out for us, so just change to your real party.
Y fix an imploding bill? Why can't you WORK WITHIN ur OWN PARTY? Wats swamp got on u? Work w/Cruz/Paul, got great ideas! #DrainTheSwamp
you need to switch parties. You are not a republican.
And  call yourself a Democrat please
Thank you for not voting for the horrible health care bill.Trump has to be stopped. He's destroying us not slowly, very fast
I'm British so I have absolutely no interest in what you do, but everyone seems to think you are jolly good. Keep up the splendid work
Agree
Well what everyone don't appreciate about Senators is that,they represent entire state & Maine is pretty purple.So she's acting rationale
She is totally irrational and knows nothing about healthcare
The reality is that half her state want single payer, the other want complete free market... Ocare is the compromise
Why are you defending "healthcare" that is broken & not sustainable. Millions have been burned by the ACA and want it REPEALED & REPLACED.
The negatively effected r 4% of insured. Meanwhile 175 million benefit frm no pre-existing,annual & life time caps without increase in price
You are a traitor & I hope you are voted out of office
TY from OH Dem, all we want is our politicians to work toget. May not agree on anything, but democ requires comprimise on everything.....
Obamacare is DEAD...please act like you people have a little sense and work for what you are being paid
.....Everything should be on the table and everyone should be represented at that table.
You had a chance to fix it at didn't. Democrats are NOT interested in bipartisan bills -when they had majority there was no bipartisan bill
You halted the only real progress possible by your vote! Dems will only vote to socialize medicine even more as country suffers under ACA.
Yeah- bipartisan!!! What a concept. Instead you're helping a sham of a tax bill squeak through. How do you sleep at night knowing how much our national debt will increase and how much this will hurt Americans in need of health care? 
I voted for you several times but not anymore! I hope you lose big next time, you should run as a democrat it's where you belong!
Great.  Would love to participate.
I/we, Americans are extremely upset with your vote. We want repeal & replace with states in control and 2 b able 2 purchase across st. lines
Lepage will smoke Angus kings ass in the next election.
I call bullshit. The country spoke. Repeal & replace. Not patch it. That's like putting a patch on a square tire. STILL WONT WORk
No, the 'country' didn't speak. Popular vote >> Dem.  Further, very, very clear how americans feel on this particular issue.
The country did speak. Or the results would have been different. It amazes how facts mean nothing to some.
Yep, lets force autocratic healthcare with no options on everyone. Takes a year and a half for knee replacements in Canada.
susie, susie, susie, another opening of the mouth, another big lie.
You better get used to the idea Collins that eventually you will be looking at lepage sitting across from you as a senator.
Congratulations that you support an organization that murders babies!  Do you sleep well at night?
You are NOT a hero.Millions of ppl need relief from ACA mess & Dems will create more problems.ACA has ruined healthcare & you don't care.
Vote the traitor out. Obama is yachting on billionaire's time but she is still supporting him. Truly confused lady.
Heard that there is talk about making Medicare into a voucher system that would be devastating we already paid our share into Medicare.
You can't "fix" something that's irreparably broken. We the People want ObamaCare REPEALED & REPLACED. Your seat needs a new occupant.
#1- what are you doing NOW for the millions who have lost care..#2- how are you going to stop rates from doubling next year? #Rino
This is music to my ears. Bi partisan. Working together TOWARDS something.
Full #repeal twit
I write this as a deep blue Dem: Thank you for representing the best that America can be.
They should have @CarolynMcC speak before the committee.
Carolyn, has the Senate or Congress reviewed your proposal in full? Also, not sure of the funding for community centers.
A number of politicians have reviewed and questioned me about the proposal, but none formally. I keep plugging away...
This Is EXCELLENT... how have I missed this article. Explains a compromise solution SO well. Pls. Keep plugging. #HealthCareForAll
Thank you. Share it with Congress. :)
Sharing.
Please please please ensure portability stays in place, and STOP the president from sabotaging rates by making gov skip out on agreements.
The most insulting part of it is, the reason he thinks he can do this is he doesn't think his supporters will believe it was his doing.
But mostly THANK YOU @SenatorCollins  (and @lisamurkowski) for getting us this far!
Spoken like another person who feels it's acceptable for taxpayers to cover your INSURANCE. It's not. ACA has ruined this country.
I can't explain to you why you should care about people.

ACA would not have so much support if it "ruined this country"
It doesn't have the support you think. It has hurt TONS of people. Those wanting itvare getting something for nothing.
Where did you read that?  How do you "get nothing" when all screenings are covered at no cost? And have a max out of pocket?
One gal orders ACA on line, says she'll pay cash, waits 4 bill to arrive, then cancels policy online. That way gov thinks she's covered.
yet I think there is a collective ego problem among dems of losing the legislation  with Obama's name on it. Not good, premiums skyrocketing
no more ! main get this hag out!
Thats code for lets keep Obamacare.Why dont you just switch parties?You were sent to work with the President.Instead you are undermining him
@SavannahAngel25
@KathyPica1
She can't fool any Trump Supporter. She will be Swimming in SHIT Soon.
Do the Backstroke 
Since you haven't even talked to your governor, how do you intend to "fix ACA's flaws"?   What a dunce.
Insurance company lobbyists pay pretty well in Maine,  donate $$$ for campaign and kick backs
I am so proud of your consistency in representing the people of this country. We need a return to bipartisan government!! Keep it up!!!
How long will it take you, if ever, to Democrats it is their way or the highway. Seriously - you have had 8 friggin years - DISAPPOINTED
You're a traitorous hack!
On behalf of those in our country that needed it most, those with pre-existing conditions; I thanks for the no & fix! May God bless you!!!!
You are a class act! I'm not a Republican but appreciate your courage and integrity -- Thsnk you!!
Thank you for having the backbone to vote your conscience! Health care is not a political football-it's a life and death issue!
Only thing you need to vote on is term limits.  Your a closet democrat, and GOP is done with you. Bipartisan ......yea right !!!
TY @senatorcollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain n 2 all that r trying 2 work 2gether on both sides 2 make a better future 4 #healthcare
Yes, congratulations.  Keep your excellent work.  Thanks
Excellent
You should retire!
You're just obstructing. We see through your lying ways. You will not be re-elected.
I am glad to hear this happening. ACA was only the beginning and does have areas needing repair  Glad to have your sensible eyes on this
I truly hope you lose your next election
Well, you ought to be happy now. You can hide among the democrats & still pretend you are a republican. Truth is not your friend.
Thank you for your tenacity and courage!!!
Thanks for leading!
3 more years for you  s e e n a a t t t o rrr
You know very well Democrats will never participate in a bill to repeal Obamacare.  Your opposition to repeal was shocking and wrong.
Hope you are working hard with your fellow DEMS to obstruct progress once again
You seem to be a RINO. I hope you are voted out.
You hipocrite. Pay for your insurance & stop taking it from taxpayers. This is why we have no respect for Congress. You've become the Swamp!
Thank you, Senator Collins, for being a woman of strong convictions.  Bless you.
Better work fast. Next election you're gone!
Single Payer HC will B a license 2 cull the population.  Seniors first because we R the biggest users.  Can target by groups, like diabetics
When Gov has 2 pay 4 all  HC, they will get out from under, with an unfortunate accident, just like UK.  Contamination of vaccine or serum?
UK has single payer HC.  They just lost 2400 hemophiliacs 2 aids tainted blood?  How does this happen, 20 yrs after screening? Culling pop?
VA admn is a good example of single payer HC.  If Pres Trump had not intervened, vets would still B dying while waiting for care.  Not good!
ACH can't be sustained.  They will flip U to single payer.  Seniors won't have  Medicare.  Service will B equivalent 2 VA Admin, die waiting
Dems & Susan know that AHC is D.O.A.  Takes from Medicaid thru Medicaid Expansion & gives taxpayer $$ to insurance company's as subsidies.
Dems refuse 2 allow clean repeal.  Want 2 bleed Gov of matching Medicaid funds 4 healthy, lazy persons.  Helps 2 support sanctuary cities.
Medicaid Expansion will kill Medicaid & Medicare.  It's welfare 4 non disabled persons, who shld B working.  Takes Gov funds, gives 2 states
Sen Collins voted w/Dems to keep AHC &  Medicaid expansion.  Med Exp is welfare!  Opens Medicaid 2 healthy persons of working age?  Not HC.
I wish you all the luck in the world - there has to be a way to equalize the  cost for an individual with that of a group - it is unfair!
Very thankful for your bravery. It seems as if the only real men in the senate are women!
Oh ye your a great team player not.
we the people are going to remember you Collins.
Concur
Repeal Obamacare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for your leadership and dedication to the American people. You are appreciated
Go away
I think you are a decent person but really how long can you endure Trump?
#Impeachment from a Congress @POTUS seems to hate needs to come soon. This is @realDonaldTrump truly in panic mode
Your tweet is a hand from the grave after demonstrating non-collaboration with fellow GOP. Please resign
I HOPE U AND THE OTHER FIVE TURNCOATS TO OUR PRESIDENT WILL BE MARRIED OUT OF THE SENATE NEXT http://YR.YOU  ARE GONG AGAINST P TRU
DONT U UNDERSTAND THAT THE DEMS HATE THE PRES.THEY WILL FIGHT HIM THE NEXT 8 http://YRS.YOU  AND MURKOWSKI SHOULD BE ASHAME OF YORSE
Thank you for your sane vote. McCain is my senator.
McConnell had it backwards as to whom would be crawling to whom. Glad he is not my senator. I would really go after him.
What a FOOL.....seriously!
The real America loves you, Senator!
me some Sen awesome Collins!
#RINO Lying during election run up to get elected, and then stabbing everyone in back.
Three cheers! Susan Collins, champion of democracy.
Thank you
N. Korea, Venezuela. failed GOP healthcare ..lobsters?  Really?!
Enjoy a fully paid, fully insured Aug vaca! It's on us (USA)
Thank you again, Senator Collins.
Let's work together
Liar fraud sellout leftist go away
Make hospitals reexamine their outrageous paymaster rates.
This is what I am hoping for with this trump train wreck. Enlightenment, that we are all in this together.
Please let's work together for All Americans. Healthy and Sick. Young and old. Poor, Middle Class, and Wealthy. Everyone. #KeepKidsCovered
seven years to figure it out, what a joke..
In Maine:
FGM is NOT Criminal 
ISIS Still Gets Welfare 
21+ To Buy Smokes 

Our Swamp Legislature is a F'n Joke! 
#mepolitics
Thank you for your principled leadership!
Start by reigning in these ridiculous salaries for top Executives at insurance companies.  Taking money from those who need insurance.
Not everyone in Maine supports your healthcare vote.  You have abandoned GOP principals; must be considering run for Governor.
don't be afraid to organize summit yourself either if needed.  Someone has to step up and do it right for a change. #Leadersleadnomatterwhat
I'm a devout democrat. Thank u for your vote ! And hope u find ways to fix Obamacare w bipartisan support -Americans deserve it
AARP is backing Susan Collins AARP is a democratic organization
http://mobile.wnd.com/2009/11/115617/ 
The Democrats never work with us.
Thank you Senator Collins. Your integrity and courage are inspiring.
Obamacare is a loser! You own it! Socialized medicine doesn't work! Get your head out of the sand
Try lowering costs of medicine and delivery.  Higher limits on HSA plans and bigger subsidies does nothing.
Thank you for your vote.
Thanks for your courage.  My mom from Maine applauds you! Speak up for kids!
Nah...we will just do it without you...#libs #totalitarians
Thank you. Maybe what comes of this is the reasonable center compromising and actually governing for the benefit of the American people
While I applaud ur efforts Senator is anything else getting accomplished within the senate pertaining to any of the bills currently tabled?
If your not to busy talking smack about your fellow employees ...yes you are my employee! Now get to work or you will be fired. #Maga
But will they be fair?
Yes! Working together to repair & improve #ACA is right thing to do. It would've been better to do 7 years ago, but better late than never.
So would like 2 see ur ideas...so proud of ur courage 2 stand up 4 health n working class..thank u
Thank you!!  Thank you for putting the American people of your Party!
"we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it" -Nancy Pelosi
Obamacare is DEAD! It can't be "fixed" and I'm NOT paying your stinking IRS one penny in penalties for not buying this shit.
How much time do these "work together" @SenateGOP RINOs get to figure out Obamacare is dead and its corpse is stinking up the place?
Senator Collins, I am thankful that you are a reasonable and caring representative. Thank you for being such a strong leader.

Thank you, Senator Collins.

As veterans, we refuse to leave a comrade behind. @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski stood up for the American people today.
Are you really a Republican? You were sent their to represent all Americans not just yourself. You should have trouble sleeping at night.
Thank you!!!!
Very glad to see some members of GOP who haven't completely lost their minds or are not "Kompromized."
Thank you Senator Collins!
Read your governors editorial you obviously do not care about healthcare reform or how to pay for it.
Now President Trump is threating to not make, cost reduction payments to the insurance company which will make insurance companies drop out
Thank you again for your work to help the People of America.
You. Are. My. Hero! #ThankYou!
Stop sucking up my air.... tRaitor. You'll soon be voted out. @maga 2018
Was there Dem support  to delete Obamacare? Seems bi partisanship works only when Republicans vote for what Democrats want
Thank you yet again for being one of the grown-ups in the room.
Thank you @SenSusanCollins for your part in defeating #AHCA sham, now Senate and Congress can work on real health care reform & improvement
ACA doesn't need fixing. Healthcare does. ACA can't be fixed. $10k per yr. $5k deductible. Still need $2k test. You must be joking! Go away!
You will be primaried you Old Bat...
Now here is a great story to find ppl ready to work 2 compromise! Really tired of them/us so nothing gets done! Put all women2gether 2 work!
Yeah and about time. Thank u for your dedication to the people and this country. Women do have power even if it's only 2.
You suck. Lie after lie after lie.  You will never make governor. We know who you really are!!!!!
Thank you for being a voice of reason in the GOP.  Dems and GOP must work together to solve problems of society.
You like supporting baby legs being ripped off & stabbing babies in the heart w/ needles - you voted for abortion
BTW I agree with our President take away the 72 % discount for Obamacare you enjoy. Pay what the rest of us pay and see how you like it
And include women (51% of US population) in the discussion. Thank you for your service and hard work for our fellow Americans.
Talk about obstructionists. You should change parties. I vote for limited terms
It is too easy to fix. One, just cap the profit margin for drug co & insurance co. Stop their greediness. Two, import good doctors & nurses.
You should Resign. You hurt the American People. Fed should not be managing HC. Send it to the states. How uninformed can you 3 senators be
Yes!!!!
TY 
Closet Libterd Collins will be primaried...MARK MY WORDS!
An overdue start
Get RID of ACA. Never mind.  I'll be voting against you..... hopefully in the primaries
THANK YOU for all your hard work.  You know what the job is, you listen to your constituents and all Americans.  #YouAreAnInspiration
Hero my ass...
Obama care is a insurance card only .I feel sorry for all Americans suffering under obama care. Apparently most of you don't have it
THANK YOU 
THANK YOU 
THANK YOU 
Yes, the answer is FIXING!
Not repeal and replace.

Thank you for your work Senator
You need to retire or else you will be voted out. Your no republican that's for sure
While you passively aggressively lead us to Socialism....NO THANK YOU!
It's about time. This playground crap of choosing sides and not working together needs to stop. Let's work together to solve our problems.
Thank you for your efforts. They are greatly appreciated.
You disappointed all of the Republicans I think you are a Democrat
Increase the number of healthy enrollees. Lower premiums and deductibles. Add public option. 
pass something quickly to remove flexibility of exec to withhold payments.  that'll stabilize the market
Yes bipartisan committees wirh input and perspectives from all, citizens, hospitals, nursing homes, doctors, families protected, insurance
Thank you!
What a disappointment. GOP ran on Repeal and Replace not prop up Obamacare.
Thanks Senator Collins for being so bipartisan. We appreciate your efforts to help our country, rather than hurt it.
You go girl!
Sen. Susan Collins, don't ever forget how much you are helping real people. Your leadership changed desperation into hope for millions.
You had you chance, you and your buddy's like johnny mccain, and chucky cry baby, voted with your demo cronies. You hurt hard working people
A good way to fix the ACA is with a public option it would give insurance companies competition to lower prices. Also single payer. ^_^
You're a socialist at heart and are hooked on free stuff
You used repeal and replace to get elected! Do you not have a conscience? You think it's ok to lie to get elected? So like Hillary Clinton 
U campaigned in 2013 on REPEAL U lied. The only time ur a republican is at election time. I will donate to anyone that primaries U LIAR RINO
You have decided to fight and have no power!! We will get term limits. We will get no exemptions for you. We will get no pensions to. SS all
If Democrats knew Obamacare needed "fixed", why didn't they work on it while Obama was in office? Republicans should have repealed it!
Another joke of a rep. Instead of backing the person we the people want you have gone south. Instead of using the power for we the people
