@deplorableforTrump grateful for @SteveBannon's speech at #MAGA #ValueVotersSummit We r weary of lack of sprt 4 @DonaldTrump from #congress
Steve bannon is an ABUSIVE BULLY PAM. Just like Trump. It takes NO COURAGE to be manipulated by them lady. WAKE UP! yr being USED!!!
Thanks for your concern. ;-)
Don't expect ull be around soon enough.  We are tired of YOU.  Why are u even paid?  If u had a real job us be fired! #pathetic #taxpayers
Go Steve Bannon!
I have a hot recommendation just where he could go.
You're so right! Thanks for agreeing.
Did he congratulate you on your successes in stopping the Republican agenda?
Get out of the Senate. You are not a Republican. You are an obstructionist leftist.
On each one, you refused to help.
I never heard a thing from you while Obama was in power all of a sudden you have become the worst republican in congress .WHY????
Resign you deceived the voters you leftist
Thank you, Senator Collins. You, Kasich, and McCain     are the only Republicans I recognize. Maybe Jeb Bush. Can you start a new party?
That is because they are DEMS you fool.
Interesting how all the traitor "Republican " senators go on #fakenews, like MSNBC, CNN & Morning Joe. We will root you all out next vote!
bla, bla, bla; the same old stuff over & over again Sen Collins, Nancy P, Schumer = we've heard it all before from you; PDT=we want change
Awesome answers on George  this morning. I wish you were my Senator! Please talk with Cochran and Wicker about me loosing healthcare.
Unfortunately she is ruining the momentum of the Republican Party and catering to the Dems of Maine to keep her seat.
IGNORAMUS!   Get it right.   Trump did not end subsidies built into ACA. ONLY extra $ by Obama Executive Order ruled unconstitutional.
@TMZ You sure are making the liberal show rounds. You are an utter embarrassment. Congratulation on fooling the poor people of MAINE! RINO!
Why add to the fake news media? You are nothing but a fake senator! We don't need you! Steve Bannon is your boss now! Better follow us!MAGA!
Please run in 2020!
Steve Bannon is Exactly what DC Needs to Help #DrainThatCorruptDCswamp! When will U finally just get out so we can get some True Conservatvs
What's "not helpful" is your obstructionism.
@SenSusanCollins  has the guts to cross the aisle  like all senators should be doing.
Why are you not in the Democratic Party?
You are a Republicam in name only! Join the Democratic Party!

Sen Collins, you look right at home with the leftist Stephanopoulos.
A Lot of TALK and not much ACTION from you maybe it’s time to reconsider federal $$ going to Maine
Not good
Buttt... you’re NOT working or even attempting to work with @realDonaldTrump! Give it up!  #MAGA
of govt!!!! So, NO Ms Collins. We dont like you. We know you dont like POTUS. And when it comes time 2reelect you, Im sure u will be gone!
TPP, Iran Deal, etc etc. Funny a Democrat gets ALL they want from your so  called  GOPers, but ZERO gets done when WE have ALL 3 branches...
I say policies? Sorry 4that! You ALL havent done "1" legislative policy since he took office. Yet you let Obama fulfill OCare, Amnesty,...
let someone who cares about "The forgotten man & woman" run this ctry. Not globalist out to destroy us w/ur failed policies. Oops. Did ...
Its where u, McCain, and Corker, have a FREE reign to bash POTUS every chance u get! So, stop pretending ur GOP. U all need to retire n...
Is George's daughter still scared and sleeping with him and his wife?
and Corker. U r all out 2stop POTUS. And @NeverTrumpers since day 1! Why arent u all on FOX? Why is it CNN or MSNBC, or ABC? WE no why...
http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/10/15/sen-collins-steve-bannon-not-helpful-american-people-tired-top-rhetoric/ … NO, we dont Mitch McConnell! And NO, "We dont want u to work together to get things done.” We despise you, McCain...
@SenatorCollins - on CNN ABC when is MSNBC? U do NOT speak for American ppl
Thank you Senator Collins! The American people need your voice!
You run your mouth, but get nothing done!  Get over yourself, and enjoy the next 7+ years of @POTUS Trump! 89 lives ended per day by @PPact
"You need the House, the Senate AND the administration. Absent one of them, you're not going to get a heck of a lot done." - John Chafee
Putting down Bannon? Are u afraid of being voted out? You should be. UR a traitor to the GOP and the country. Bye Bye Collins. Vote her out!
We know Bannon's words aren't helpful to you, Swampy. 

That's why we love him: he's helpful to America instead.
Edith you are a Democratic Joke. Oh wait you claim to be Republican. Retire please. Why don’t you go on fox. Support your president please
@SenatorCollins Ive not ben able 2 get meds dr. or hospital undr Ocare so Glad 2 C ths repealed I can serch 4 new plan
#FakeRepublican #VoteThemAllOut
@SenateGOP The senate needs to censure McCain and Collins. Their voting to advance their hate for Trump and not for the people. Subversion!
Hey Collins do us all a favor. Declare yourself a demtard and be done with it. At least then you’ll be a true liberal leftist.
Yes u love those dems...explains y u side with them a lot...go back to Maine and stay please
You are a small candle that lights the entire room in darkness. I am rooting for your steadfast courage and grateful for what you do for USA
U agree!
Did you speak on how you can't support your president!!  You are so sad!! You really suck!!
You seem so sane and rational.  You will be on their radar.  Watch your back
Would it be too much to ask you to start the dialog necessary to remove trump from office?
You’re nothing but an obstructionist.!!
Traitor!
Senator I really appreciate what you did in Healthcare.  But this constant GOP apologizing & excusing trump will be judged Very Harshly
You should go on MSNBC with do a duet. You'll both be right at home there.
Huh?
Your reluctance to admit POTUS is reckless; yet, assert in no uncertain terms that @SenBobCorker is reckless is the epitome of cowardice.
Thank You for you level headed stance in the Senate! I wish all of @GOP would work for all ’s just not the few. Take care and keep being u
Great interview Senator Collins!!
Obamacare/ACA is officially DEAD, completely gutted, corrupted, & perverted by DJT Executive Decree (ED).  Trump owns it now:  TRUMPCARE.
Impeach impeach impeach, hop is responsible for this mess
You're an embarrassment to the party you supposedly represent.
Cut the trillions we give away as foreign aid & put those funds back into our community or healthcare education
You need to retire
Am I the only person thankful for highways, airports, judges, military, public schools, clean water... & realize I get a lot for my tax $s?
You are. Everyone else believes we are over taxed
You are disappointed with the presidents actions this week? We are appalled by the senates inaction for over a decade. Shame on you Sue
I'm always so impressed with your comments on every issue. Straight talk, fact based and not inflammatory!
TRUMPCARE IS:
- Skyrocketing premiums
- Redistributing $1 trill from poor & middle class to the top 1%
- Slashing benefits
- Killing people
ABC up for sale layoffs coming thats all ill Say
So glad you are staying in Congress to fight against the Trump tyranny! I trust you to defend for regular common Americans.
Thanks Senator Collins for having a voice of reason-
Collins vote no on tax reform it’s trap by your own gop vote no vote no. Cuts are to dangerous for American people. It’s truth.
pulling out of deal is a mistake. We are losing face and trust in our pacts/treaties worlwide
Trump & his soulmate Putin want to start WW3 & nuclear holocaust.  They'll be safe in their bunkers...until they come out & remake the world
You spoke with the charlatans of all charlatans in the media. Congratulations. Thanks for helping impoverishing Americans further.
Veterans supporting  TrumPutinPence Fascism are FAKE PATRIOTS who dishonor our flag, our Founders & all who have served.  MAGATS!
Retire please. #DrainTheSwamp
Yap yap yap its all u do other than pretend to be a Republican...look who luvs ya, theyre all dem moonbats
The tax reform is definitely a worry - tax cuts for the rich mainly, and cuts to those who need Medicare & Medicaid ...this is not right!
You obviously don't understand the tax code or the bill set forth. Not shocking. Smdh
Thank you for doing your best in DC.
Senator Collins gives America hope.
Not bad but try deflecting and dancing around with your answers a little less next time. You can just say: "Yes, I agree with Bob Corker. Trump's comments can lead us to World War III.  @jaketapper
Trump is working for the American people, what bill has Collins signed that will help Trump fulfill promises to the American people? Nothing
Thank you. 
It’d be nice if instead of lip service, you and other senators would actually do something to counter the atrocity that is the president.
Atrocity? Another brainwashed braindead liberal believing bullshit Democratic propaganda. Thank GOD for Trump.
Collins is a hypocrite. Tells Trump to watch what he says, but she doesn't have to? You had chance to sign health bill, didn't. Trump did...
I for one am glad she didn't.
It's cruel to interview an Alzheimer's patient. Same goes for @NancyPelosi.
Margaret Chase Smith must be rolling in her grave to hear Collins speak !
You are one of my heros. Your dedication to doing whats right for your constituents, no matter what leadership says, is admirable. You rock!
Why didnt you tell him about the law youre trying to pass making boycott of #Apartheid #israel settlements a FEDERAL crime ? #BDS
RINO
