We want an independent investigator.

"I do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States shortly after my party begins losing elections..." https://twitter.com/CillizzaCNN/status/864449095175426049 …
Nice, but here's an important read for you:
I wonder what a so called moderate R thinks of the Neo Nazi party that is the Republican Russian Traitor party?  Not even 4 democracy?
Senator, do you have ANY idea what a disgrace your party is to this country?  You will go down as part of that stain on our history.
Please, join Senator King and do the right thing!
Never trumpers and a democrat posing as a independent . Do you know your history ? If you do your serving big donors not people
I'm hoping you will be delighted to join the impeachment processing team. Be a patriot or quit.
With your party will these kids, parents,grandparents,teachers have healthcare better than A.C.A. @SenatorCollins? @bangordailynews
No, but billionaires will have tax breaks

WHY IS CONGRESS EVEN FUNCTIONING RIGHT NOW? SHUT.   IT.   DOWN. !! OUR COUNTRY IS IN A CRISIS THAT NEEDS RESOLVED! #UnfitPotus
Susan Collins. You are NOT honorable. And you are NOT a moderate.

#resign
Is this how you spend your time when the President commits treason? Why aren't you investigating him? Are you compromised too?
Senator Collins, Our shells are about to crack under Yertle.
what have you done today to stop this disaster of a president?  Why are you not standing up for the American people and our democracy?
Paper , now obama caught on hot mic telling medvedev I'll have more flexibility after the election. If this Russian collusion wasn't a hoax
Ted Kennedy was working with breshnev while Reagan was trying to put Russia nuts in a vice
Your silence speaks volumes, you've lost my vote for reelection! #ImpeachTrump
#SelectCommittee
#tRUMPrussia

Let's go @SenatorCollins 

#CountryOverParty
PLEASE DEMAND IMPEACHMENT 
WE ARE NOT SAFE
HELP US
So you two are either stupid, or corrupt serving special interest of big donors ,,both sides your donors complaining this wkend
Convenient Nancy pelosi going on CNN hours before it broke ,,blumenthal leaked info to Burnett on CNN .
You were superb this morning #newday Change teams! Come over to our side! You look good in blue! #SenateDems #comeymemo #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
you seem like a kind woman. Are U interested in standing up for the people and our country? What do we have to say? I will say it
Why would Obama bully cotton and his bill to limit Russians embassy workers limited access and movement in U.S.
Who leaked the Mexican and Australian conversations? They did , one of their press secretaries held conference andother reported it to their
Trump's tweeting his treason and you are silent still.
DEMAND IMPEACHMENT NOW
do you know @CollinsWatch &http://Callingoncollins.com ? We need to pressure reps @RepPoliquin @chelliepingree (impeachment starts in the house)
Sen. Collins, still supporting Trump now? You are such a disappointment. My years of respect for you are gone bc you sold your soul.
Hey Susan!  What is going on?
We've had enough. Fuck your "concerning" and "alarming" bs already - call for impeachment. We've told you all along about 45 #TheResistance
All you care about is having a crisis free day? You don't care about collusion, treason, gross incompetence, obstruction of justice. Got it.
Senator, it's no longer "if".
As a taxpayer and constituent in maine, i expect action against trump, i cant do this anymore, to stressful
do you know http://callingoncollins.com  and @CollinsWatch
Nope
Your silence/inaction makes you complicit
@SenatorCollins is horrible at standing up for national security and the security of the American people, but she makes a great den mother.
Don't allow the anarchists to control our Republic!  I pray U and your colleagues pay attention to the silent majority over the noisemakers!
I, along with many Right leaning Americans, would love for you to not cave to the left's intimidation!  Remember the Electoral College 2016?
@SenatorCollins, do you still stand behind President Trump?
Where's the outrage? Trump and Russia is obvious link! This is why people think the govt is corrupt and broken. Fix it!
Please stand up and put your country's future ahead of your political career. Please
Please begin impeachment proceedings of Trump. He has shown no respect for the rule of law and he regards himself as above the law.
Sen Collins again thank u for demonstrating repeatedly that you stand with Russia. Today once again, you refused to protect our democracy.
If you want a "crisis-free day", Senator, you need to impeach Trump. Or use the Emoluments Clause or the 25th Amendment. #TrumpMustGo
Or an exorcism
What's going on with @realDonaldTrump & these reports about giving info to Russia ??!! What's going on? & WILL U both SAY SOMETHING?!
you are still supporting said crisis. Please we Americans deserve an end to this right now. NOW!
YOU want a crisis-free day???? Please Senator, join the rest of us in daily horror & disgust.
You want a crisis free day? DO YOUR JOB you complicit, treasonous LIAR!

You can get your tax reform and your healthcare with President Pence. We've had enough. Time to cut Trump loose 
Considering Trump has spent much more time working to help Russia, @GOP would be better off without him to advance its domestic policy.
also @RepPoliquin  @chelliepingree
trump has now leaked confidential info from an ally.
Time to #ImpeachTrump before more damage is done!
His lack of experience is meaningless and you all know it. He is not able to perform the duties of POTUS; he is DANGEROUS.  STOP HIM NOW.
POTUS is an unfit greedy traitor - he cares nothing about our country. To hell with protocol; start proceedings to impeach him ASAP.
I normally think highly of you, but your suggestion Merrick Garland abandon a lifetime appt. to serve "at @POTUS pleasure" is abhorrent.
So Trump can then fire him no way!
What now Senator. Giving out classified info. We should march on your office. The next time you visit the peasants who elected you. SHILL.
this is great and all but why are you silent on the criminal in chief's recent actions?
“Any suggestion that Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister is misplaced." - @SenatorCollins
How were you in a position to say that the suggestion he didn't was misplaced if you were not present? Today Trump admitted sharing intel.
Impeach Trump! Reveals too secrets to Russians. Republicans are dereliction of duty!
And yet he's the respectable one by asking for an #IndependentInvestigation while you sit idly as our government is in shambles. #Traitor
...our nation's capital filled by GOP pussies and self interest slims - YOU, @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC 8th grade history
Please call for a special prosecutor
STOP TRUMP!!
But Russia?  Not a peep.  Shame on you Senator Collins.  Don't talk to these kids about "leadership".   Leadersheep.  Yes.
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN PROSECUTOR TIME - no excuses!
Support Independent Investig; No TrumpCare; Support Impeachment of Trump & All GOP -Russian Connex. Indictments; Stop Trump's Ruin of USA
any of them ask you about their family's health insurance?
When will you two stand up to the administration? Obstruction of justice, likely collusion w/Russia -- you need to save our country!
If you truly care about their future, please stand up to the Trump Administration and their ever increasing threats to democracy. Be a hero.
Thank you.
Rhino
You're silence on the criminal in the WH is DEAFENING. When the hits the fan it will be too late for you to jump of the bandwagon.
