Senator Collins, millions of us voted for the wall for the ban and for repeal and replace and tax reform! We want Pres Trump! Get behind him
And millions more voted against him than for him, so.. no.
Total bullshit. If you believe anything Trump says, you are beyond ignorant.
Oh please..it's too dumb to even take seriously.
Thanks for making my point.
Thanks, those are important issues. However, until you & @GOP remove 45 from office, nothing will get done. He's dangerous, unfit & unwell.
because this libtard was told to believe this by other mindless drones

#Putinbot
name calling?
 what do u mean?
Senator Collins bipartisan group of governors have put forward fixes to Obamacare it's time to do this as trump had tried to defund it.
THESE 'DO NOTHING SENATORS HAVE TO BE FLUSHED OUT OF WASHINGTON & SENT PACKING HOME.. THEY ARE EMPTY WORDS &RESPONISBLE FOR CHAOS IN AMERICA
Senator some of the more than 20 million people who are insured though the ACA for the first time that's all they have in life is a doctor.
Since Repeal became Skinny, it cancelled the theoretical base for change. What's Left is resentment of Obama that is anchored in racism.
Switching to the democratic party dear susan?
COLLINS A DISASTER FROM"DO NOTHING CONGRESS" SHE SHOULDnt WORRY ABOUT 2020 but ON 2017 SENATE'S IN ACTION PARTIALLY TO BLAME FOR VA. events
RINO
PROBLEM NOT TRUMP BUT PHONY SENATORS LIKE COLLINS FROM THE"DO NOTHING CONGRESS"THAT IS HURTING & DIVIDING AMERICANS.. SHAME ON HER & SENATE
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
What a joke!
Vote collins out she is a democrat posing as a republican 2018/2020 get rid of the traitors in washington fact she loves msnbc says it all
SEN. COLLINS  from " DO NOTHING CONGRESS" on another blow hard windbag from useless SENATE.. WHO R TO BLAME FROM SOME OF CHAOS IN VIRGINIA
Susan Collins is a traitor Please do not re-elect her She admitted writing in Ryan's name instead of Trump's  for president
Sadly, #SusanCollins is a dingbat to boot. No reason to show up & vote for someone who's not even running. As I recall, Romney & Ryan lost.
You lost my support. Too bad you are a turn coat #maga
Trump is the face of White Supremacy. Please don't let these people to tear apart your party. That will affect all of America.
#NoFascistUSA
It's not up to you when it comes to President Trump. It's up to all of the American people. You're a traitor.
COLLINS SITTING THEIR LAUGHING & CHATTING LIKE THE WORLD IS JUST DANDY WHILE HER HEALTH CARE IS TOP NOTCH AMERICANS SUFFER & LIVE IN CHAOS..
We need a public option for health care. Let people choose! For profit insurance cares about profits not people. Expand Medicaid-lower cost.
I can never stop saying THANK YOU enough, and I'm a progressive lol. Your courage to stand for the people is historic, THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!
When you going to switch to the Democrat  party?
Hi, Senator Collins! Can't wait to see you supporting #MedicareForAll in the coming months. Time to win one for the 99, right? 
Wish we had more like you Senator.
#MedicareForAll.  We can do this.
You may not be a Republican Senator in a few years. :)
63 MIllion of us are NEVER delighted to watch or listen to you and YOU will never be a nominee for anything.
cut the #Warfare. #wiifUS? $1trillion spent on preventing terrorist training facilities? bleeping theiving politicians.
What a joke you are .@SenatorCollins  speak for the Democrats because that's who you voted with. As for opioids...
A liberal on a liberal network what a surprise
Of course you are,  that's your favorite network,  RINO!
As a fat-shaming RINO, you have no ground to criticize anyone.  You don't support the POTUS, we the people don't support you.
You pay my IRS "penalty" for not buying what I can't afford. You are beyond stupid.
You aren't a Republican, not even a moderate one; disgrace not to support @POTUS Sad you didn't vote for him & oppose him. Term Limits 4 U !
The trump train and all the real republican supporters see you as obstruction and  voted yes til it counted then NO. POLITICAL SELF RIDE. NO
U are a democrat and you have nerve enough to say that about trump who you hate and can't be on any investigation fairly. U WONT BE VOTED IN
President Trump is the people's choice....get behind him!
I will donate to any meaningful conservative opponents of Collins!
I think u need to change the R for a D. U seem to want a bigger government and more handouts.
Come on maine vote this rino out vote for the democrat that would be bettter than her 
#TermLimits
Perfect two Trump haters talking amongst themselves. At least the scenery is beautiful after the headphones go on.
Its difficult to see if you will win re-election.
Susan Collins with definitely get my vote she looks out for her own constituents and not the party first
seems Drug crisis in Maine since your in office has skyrocketed Maine needs new leadership and ideas yours don't work
You will see how President Trump will run for 2020 and how he will win against traitors wishes like you
You're on the right channel. CNN is home for Dems and RINOS. You're a disgrace to the party.Will donate to ANYONE running against you D or R
That's a great channel for you MSNBC
Are you kidding you ended health care reform
I wouldn't bang u anywhere
Susan Collins has early stages dementia and is in treatment
You'd better run for Maine Gov in 2018 - as a DEM. Repubs reject you and will everything to oust you.
Why don't you get out of the Republican Party. Join the Democrats. You ruined our healthcare you need to be out of office.
I THINK SHE ON OPIODS
You need to go. You are a traitor to your President and to your people. Vote her out.
TRAITOR TO WE THE PEOPLE,,
WHO VOTED FOR THIS LADY?!?! SHE'S A DEMOCRAT!
You're a DEMOCRAT
BACK MY PRESIDENT IS RESIGN
STRENGTHEN THE MILITARY
Please withdraw the "R" by your name. You really have nothing in common with republicans and have supported democrats at every turn.
BUILD THE WALL
ARE YOU A DEMONCRAT????
You're a RINO who needs to go!! I like how you think people believe you're a REAL Conservative! Change your party already...RINO GO AWAY!
Term limits
RINO, Another swamp creature
Retire please. Look for an assistant living facility specializing in neurology.
I hope the people of Maine will vote you out. You are no Republican and you're thwarting the agenda of the president.
Liberal in GOP clothing...change parties already you hack.
Collins is a #JuatAnotherRino  #TheNewGOP. #VoteAgainstCollins
By the way, your #mepolitics hashtag doesn't really stand for Maine politics does it?
Yes, it does.
Senator, you do realize your seat is now temporary at best, right? We do not need you. We have enough opposition
There's no problem with Opiods in NH just ask the swamp dwellers. #Tourism
It's the people that remember what u said about Trump & your no health care vote! Traitor!!
Nothing but a democrat! Over 63 million people voted for Trump.. please just resign! #maga
@SenatorCollins Stay in the Senate... Your leadership and independence is appreciated by people nationwide! #ReelectSusanCollins
You don't speak for all AMERICANS. She's a democrat posing as a Republican. She needs to help the Prez do his job or GET OUT OF THE WAY!
.And as a reminder, @POTUS was elected by us. You don't choose who runs, you'd probably support a progressive liberal.
.Of course you'd go on the #fake news network and criticize @POTUS. You've done nothing of substance besides stand in the way of @GOP ideas.
You old woman. How dare you. Traitor to republicans.  Don't worry, we will remember you and vote you out.  How dare you -what have you done
Delighted to join MSNBC says it all about you.
You own Obamacare! Obamacare is a loser and will hurt all Americans! Why are you on vacation ? Unconscionable and unacceptable Get to work
.@SenatorCollins you've failed to meet the standard of leadership and wavered on health care. Time for you to go. See how that works?
If Trump is not the 2020 republican nominee, that will be the death nail, clearly you have lost touch with your voter base
Give up the jig, you could care less about Healthcare reform. Your not a leader. Your just full of BS. Lazy and incompetent.
Amazing what an Anti Trump vote will get you - air time on MSNBC.
While u talk talk talk about medical reform, we are suffering. No rush though because you have great healthcare. Swamp creature!
That's all u do. Just talk. When u get the chance to vote for a change. You vote no. Don't want to give up that Medicare extension right!
You are another embarrassment for the GOP. You should resign. Shame on you for not supporting our @POTUS
Are there alligators in that water? Looks like we need some Main Justice!!!

Thanks for being principalled senator!! #respect
Well if Trump doesn't get on the ballot in 2020 it surely won't be you on the Republican ticket.
Just resign u think Trump won't be GOP nominee in 2020 ur sadly mistaken time for u to go!
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …
tial nominee on2020. We the people get to decide that and we say Our Potus is the one. And we also say you're not one of us. Shame on you
Just so you know also, you will not be and will never be our party's nominee on next election. You don't get to choose who's the presiden
Senator, please shut up 
Not only will @realDonaldTrump be the nominee, he'll be the @POTUS !

Traitor! TRAITOR! TRAITOR!
i have a lot of respect for you but am dumbfounded that you said you wrote in paul ryan. you wasted your vote & led to trump. shame on you.
So your also responsible for Trump getting elected by writing in Paul Ryan's name I hope you understand that....
Susan is self serving period.
Best part was your noncommittal on the President. RESIST!
It's not up to you who the nominee is
U are beginning to sound like DT.  Stop the stupid & get to work.
Wow. Are you changing parties soon? Could be the best path for you, to be honest.
She is Powerless without her Pearls!

.@SenatorCollins - you do not speak for us.  Stop obstructing our agenda.  You have forgotten that you serve us!
VOTE HER OUT... RINO OBSTRUCTIONIST!
Theres another Republican we need to vote out....shame on you..FREAKING CUCK!!!
Thank you for being bipartisan. Please vote no on Sam Clovis. He is not qualified,not a scientist. Post deserves respect,not political prize
Look smart people of Maine, don't you realize she sold you down river with her no vote on healthcare? Get smart... demand her to support GOP
Retire u nutbag @realDonaldTrump will be @POTUS until January 2025 and thank god! Our troops love him after 8 years of hell
U, Lisa & Rhino John flushed U.S. down the shitter with yor liberal commie vote on healthcare.  Yor desire 4 Single Payer is gonna kill us.
this swamp thing makes 6 figures & gets subsidies,we wait weeks to get into free clinics! "do nothing"
Do you Sen Collins even KNOW if you'll be around in 2020 OR if we continue on the path YOU'VE endorsed if our Country will be viable?
Tough to tell?  Trump has a better chance then you of winning reelection 2020. I'm now in the market for property in ME to ensure. GFY.
How much did they give you to be a trader and turn you back on our president ? Your true colors are showing.
Please join the democrat party that's who u really r.
spoken like a true rino
Right where you belong! #RINO
Repeal & Replace or Affordable Care Act dies on own! 7 yrs. you said Repeal/Replace and you CHOKED! How much $ have you made in the Senate??
Collins you are disliked now more than ever!! You have no idea how we feel! Sacrifices we make for our country! We stand with our president
We will be voting yo put!! Pres Trump supporters are many!!!!! We are the people who pay your salary ! Stand with our president or get out!
You Trump supporters actually aren't that many; All polls show <38% of voters support him, so POTUS doesn't represent the American people.
What makes you think we won't vote President Trump to run in 2020. That is not your decision that is for us, the people, to decide.
Wow look what station your http://on.You  truly are a http://traitor.Vote  you http://out.YOU  WILL LOSE ,NEW BLOOD
I hope Maine's voters dump a disgusting traitor like U @SenatorCollins ,they find a true conservative to retire you
Thank You 4 publically stating the EMPEROR has NO CLOTHES!  Calling him as he is!
Sen. Recently in Ogunquit, ME and met a young women who's 18 Yr. Old daughter recently died in opioid epidemic # OD. What is being done?
The people will pick the nominee in 2020, not you Senator Collins.
You don't know if trump will be the nominee in 2020! How dare u imply he might not be! U my dear should be worried if Uwill be re-elected
I'm betting she won't. Or she will switch parties.
I agree
WE THE PEOPLE ARE WORKING HARD ON OUR LISTS TO REPLACE WEAK SENATORS BYE BYE
OH WE WILL VOTE TRUMP IN 2020 BUT GUESS WHO WONT HAVE A VOTE OR A JOB YOU FAILURE WATCH THE POLLS ON VOTING DAY
Senator, has it ever occurred to you to be truthful?  To stop mortgaging our children's future for political gain today? Any courage at all?
Looks like the liberals love you Susan GOP VOTERS HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU .
#RINO
This senator is a Democrat. Why is she masquerading as a Repub. she think she decides who pres will be in 2020. Hopefully she will be remove
You truly are a Democrat get ready to be voted out!
Actually Senator u R da one looking with 0 chances 2B be relected again. Keep this rhetoric talking bad against POTUS & uwill have 0 chances
U promised repeal n then voted against it.
Far as opioid crisis goes, u going to support the President?
Or going to caucus with Democrats?
Love & respect you so much Senator....
You do seem to do much better working with Democrats!
Are you sure you are not a Democrat, you certainly speak like one. I suspect you will see the results of your choices next time you run
Hey Senator Collins hope u have an update on how healthcare is going with McCain & your Dem colleagues. Can't wait to hear your plan
Go on FAKE NEWS! How Classy!
What on earth is this old lady wearing a hipster skirt like she is wearing now. She is forgetting how old and parky she comes across on TV.
U look so healthy Susan Collins. Enjoying all the free healthcare at our expense?. The truth is you will not reelected. That is just reality
Medicare for all, plain and simple. Senator Collins should stop resisting Bernie. Let go of your family's GOP heritage. Get real.
Why liberal msnbc!your voters watch fox!afraid they will see your other face?support potus,do your job for us voters!
Is this your townhall meeting? We'd be delighted if you had one, we have many questions, but I understand, you don't have townhall meetings.
She's afraid to face her voters. They'll call her out and she's a coward!
Talk talk that's all you do just bullshiting all of us
Collins is a Democrat who would have been unable to secure the Democratic vote, so she ran as Republican.
U must feel right at home there u trucking  fraud traitor!!! Stay there!!!
Stand with our President @SenatorCollins!
Why don't you change parties you sure screwed all of us reb. By lying
Susan you're the only republican w/democratic values. But actions speak louder than words if ur against trump U need to join the rest of us
Please take her
You would make an excellent Governor and an even better President!! Not sure if the chauvinist's are ready for a woman yet, though.
 no freaking way!
That's just your opinion! It would be better than the clown that's in the White House now who acts like a child every chance he gets.
Are you truly this ignorant and out of touch? Trump won over 300 electoral votes and nobody else in the party can beat him
Got some information on my hc insurance for 2018. You guessed it, premiums going up and the deductible is going up. Repeal and replace.
since you betrayed your voters we don't trust you to lead in http://healthcare.You  where voted in by the people whom you have betrayed
Crazy talks to crazy. What's new?
Did you discuss Planned P largess when it distributes hundreds of thousands of taxpayer $$ to Democrats, almost none to Republicans? Sad.
