very disappointed that u will not support DeVos-she knows what she is doing pity
Whoa-Detroit has had problem since Young-if they won't let her in to fix what could she do-I am from MI I know
I think u don't know what u r talking about-do u know how Det works or government 4 that matter
well I can see u must be a union supporter-ur fear of DeVos is more apparent
@rosemcgowan School Choice? Oh that's where you take my taxes & give them to unqualified schools teaching bigotry?
Aww, your vague nonspecific commentary. No wonder Kellyanne Conway has problems with facts.
Typical right winger. Makes vague references to "other" places that will explain their point. #Fake
Thank you for voting NO on #Devos from a public school parent :)
If DeVos is approved it's @SenatorCollins fault for voting Yes when she had the power to stop her before at the Committee Hearing
Good point. WTF
They are only voting No now so come re-election they can claim they were against DeVos.
While planning it so they did not harm their party's agenda to approve DeVos. Do not forget this!
you are right...you should be upset that she wants to mire kids in poor schools forever by voting no
DeVos educational planning has failed Michigan.
Thank you for voting your conscience. I appreciate someone - anyone - not voting party line to do the right thing.
You continue to make me wish you were my senator.  Partisanship aside, you stand for whats right. Not all picks are perfect.
Thank you!
thank you
Just remember even though she voted no in the end, she could have voted no during the committee meeting and ended this then!
Thank you for standing up to common sense and not voting for Devos.
can you just take over for the GOP. We may have differences but i respect you b/c u value the laws, constitution and the ppl
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!! I wish you were my rep!!!!
That's two of us ! Both Senators from Tennessee are paid for pawns for President Tramp.
Funny, I have seen your TN folks on the news. That is rough. I am from Nebraska. Not much better.
Senator Murkowski of Alaska just said she will NOT vote for DeVos either !!
Saw it!!! Maybe there is HOPE!
Pressure and public opinion  !! Phone calls work !!!
don't you mean public school teachers union?
ANY union. But Pro Teamsters.  Local #480 . Nashville, TN.
Thank you!  I wish you were my Senator #DeanHeller
Thank You Senator Collins for voting no on this unqualified candidate.
Thank you! Devos should not be at the helm of Education in our country!
THANK YOU FOR STANDING UP FOR OUR KIDS! 
THANK YOU SENATOR COLLINS! When I lived in Maine I voted for you even though I was a Democrat. You rock!
THANK YOU!  I applaud your brave stance and it gives me hope.
Paid off by the teachers union. Shame
Thank you for respecting us enough to listen!
#ThisIsLeadership
do you detest the poor because you are rich? Poor children should have access to quality education too.
THANK YOU!!!
As an independent, I will say we need more people like you.  I hope Tillerson is the other one you keep out.
Thank you for considering the future of our children!!
As a daughter, granddaughter and niece of teachers and a former teacher myself, I thank you for standing up for children.
hollow lip service and disingenuous bullshittery can't hide where your fealty lies.
Please #StopDeVos and stand up for public schools and truly qualified educators in America.
Thank you for your NO vote.  I believe it shows strength and a real commitment to public education
thank you for using your brain! This was a no brainer.Little harsh I know. Please cont. this and we will all be behind you!
Shame.
Thank you, Senator Collins, for your stand on DeVos. Your vote is a beacon to other thinking Republicans.
Thank you for your integrity.
Reply to @SenatorCollins thank you for voting no on DeVos.  Please - just one more rational GOP member.  somewhere.  please.  and thanks.
thank you
Thank you Sen. Collins. As husband of public school teacher,father of public school grads, my family also extends thanks.
. @SenatorCollins Thank you for having convictions. Our system of checks and balances needs more example of this kind of couarge #noDevos
Thank you!
Thank you!  Regardless of policy differences, Betsy DeVos is not qualified. Again, thank you for standing up for the kids!
Dear Senator Collins: PLEASE VOTE YES for Ms DeVos!!!! Tell ur teacher lobbyists to care more for kids than for themselves!
.@SenatorCollins DeVos's focus is much too narrow, and does not take into consideration states with large rural areas. What will you do now?
Shame on you. WE THE PEOPLE WANT BESTY DEVOS don't do this you are acting like a DemoRATS. YES you are
Ok has learned the hard way about the myth
Of choice
My profession cares about our country and the future of our youth 
.@SenatorCollins bought and paid for by the Teachers Union votes against POTUS, party & school choice 4 poor & minorities. #SwampCreature
She needs to go!
Shocking that you took teachers union money, then went and decided to vote no on DeVos. You need to be primaried.
TY 4 DeVos.Y ed shldnt b pushd dwn 2 sts. SaveOtherStates http://sites.ed.gov/osers/2016/11/ … @brianmrosenthal
Your decision traps millions of minority and poor children in failing schools Racist! You will be primary'd.  Count on it.
THANK YOU! You've made the right decision on DeVos
I lost all respect for you.  I think you are what is wrong with D.C.
Thank you.
Thank you for your courageous vote on DeVox.
Thank you for this. Thank you for fighting for students, public schools, & teachers. It is noticed & appreciated.
Good on you for standing up against DeVos! I just wished there was one more vote against her.
you are the reason why we will drain the swamp
Thank you for speaking out against DeVos and speaking UP for educators and students yesterday.  We appreciate it.
GOP @SenatorCollins opposes Secretary of Education nominee Devos because the @NEA can write bigger checks than your average 12th grader.
why even let her out of committee. A no which made it a yes. You're no friend to kids
thank you for being Republican hero. We need more of you.
Thank you for voting NO on Devos.
Thank you, @SenatorCollins, for your brave declaration that you will not vote to approve Betsy DeVos as Sec'y of Education.
I concur!!! Bravo for your sound judgement!!!! America thanks you!!!
Another sellout to the most powerful union in the U.S.
you are as out of touch as the rest of your party. A shame that a woman is as lame as the man with his hands all over #pussy
you really tried to trick us but we know your game.
Please explain why HS Gov Teacher can bash Trump to the class? Common Core is brain washing students
if you had done your job, devos wouldn't have been elected sec of ed. We know your games. Friend of trump instead of mainers
I want to thank you for your NO vote on DeVos. I know it wasn't easy.
Thank you for voting NO on  DeVos. Please do the same for Sessions. He voted against VAWA and won't challenge Trump.
Thank you on behalf of the many disabled or poor children that the charter schools have refused to help
thank you for putting our country above party.
Thank you for listening to America's parents & caregivers to stand up for kids against #DeVos.
Just remember even though she voted no in the end, she could have voted no during the committee meeting and ended this then!
. @SenatorCollins  Thank you.  Now, let's investigate Trump, Page, Manafort, Flynn,  Bannon & Russia.  We must.  ASAP!
Not going to happen. Republicans don't give a a fuck about Americans or the Constitution. Need to focus on 2018
You are probably correct but my parents were Republicans & they would have done the right thing. I have hope
It's ELECTED Republicans who don't care abt Americans. GOP voters over 60 think it's same party now & it's NOT
You're right. This party is tired of the left crapping on the Constitution and this country. @riotwomennn @SenatorCollins
The Trump fiasco is so far beyond party squabbling.  He's a mentally unstable con artist
And Obama was a disaster. At least Trump is appointing people who support the Constitution. @tinahseattle @SenatorCollins
YOU MUST support Betsy DeVos---@POTUS deserves to have the cabinetHE chooses!!!  RT
I'm sorry to hear this. What a shame. What a lost opportunity for American children.
Thx for standing up for kids' education! As Republican charter school supporter, I still knew Devos not qualified!!
Thank you!
Thank you for doing the right thing! Integrity matters!
Public education in our country is a failure.  Devos at least is willing to try different approaches. .
, thank you for listening and supporting public schools and teachers!
Thank you for caring about children and education over politics! You are truly working for the benefit of our country!
Thank you @SenatorCollins!
not a real republican anyway.
The world is admiring you for your courage.
Thank you for being principled and voting No on Devos!  Refreshing to see principle over partisanship.
opposing her is the right choice. Good job.
thank you! Trumps ego will bring fiery wrath of anger, but you service the American people, not a crazy man's ego. Thank u!!
you practice the politics of personal enrichment. You sell out your dignity to the highest bidder. Drain the swamp indeed.
thank you for opposing Devos, and protecting our children!
Thanks for doing the right thing, recognizing truth.  We need more of that.  Vote no on DeVos...and a few others!!
Thank you for voting no.
Thank you for voting NO to DeVos!  Keep fighting towards a NO for confirmation.
why didn't you post the truth that u we're on the floor opposing #devos #midterms are coming the ppl will not forget
hope you found a colleague to cross the aisle in regards to Devos. Your Maine constituents are not happy.
Thank you for listening to your constituents being a true leader and taking a stand against an unqualified, dangerous DeVos!
I am so pleased that you see DeVos is not a quality choice.  Thank you on behalf of public education!
@lisamurkowski Thank you for having the courage to vote NO on #Devos nomination.
please help defeat Betsy DeVos.  She will devastate our public education
- vote for Betsy Devon.  Do not betray our Party.  You did that once with Obama Care
Thank you Senator Collins for standing up for what is right. DeVos is unfit and inappropriate for this important post.
<< #Bafoon in pocket of #NEA. U belong in the #LunaticLefties #Dem party. Stop masquerading as a #GOP. Fool.
BRAVO Senator! You are a hero!
Thank you!
you are shameful to Put unions ahead of kids!! You will be voted out!
Thank you for helping to protect our education system and the future
Thank you for protecting the education system we all value so much. YOU are a true patriot!
Thank you for voting your conscious above party. You've listened to your constituency.
you are brave and many across the country salute and applaud you for doing the right thing.
thank you for voting your conscience.
You serve the people of this nation.Children deserve best.Please show the USA you mean your oath.@BetsyDeVos is much needed!
thank you, from a teacher
Thank you for saying no to DeVos.
I can not express the appreciation I have for your strength and courage in standing up to stupidity and ignorance.
You voted YES to advance @BetsyDeVos through committee. Should have voted NO if you truly rejected her nomination. Two-faced
@SenRepublicans Thank u for your courage!Fellow Repubs should be ashamed of approving DeVos!Our SC Senators lost our votes!
Thank you for voting NO on DeVos. Courageous act by you and @lisamurkowski Makes me proud to be a Repub. Rest @GOP lost cred
Stop trying to appease your Teachers Union donors. Did you vote to confirm Arnie Duncan? I think so.
thank you!! for standing up for what is right
you should have & could have voted no in committee! The purpose is to weed out the bad and not waste senates time
Thank you for your courage Sen Collins! Our country needs leaders more than ever.
stay strong and vote against DeVoss for our kids.
just for the record - you are traitor...and it's not the first time you join the democrats
Shame on you. Sexist.
I will work my best to get you out of office for your vote on Betsy DeVos
Thank you!  Doing the right thing is not always easy. You are an inspiration.
Senator. You need to confirm Betsy DeVos.  We need her running Education. I am speaking from experience too. Please confirm!
Thank you, Senator Collins, for caring about my child's future. I wish your colleagues had cared, too.
So appreciate your courageous stand against incompetence and lack of commitment to public schools.
Thank you for having our backs & voting NO on DeVos!
Thank you for listening to your constituents. But mostly thank you for keeping our children's future your main concern.
thank you for standing up for was is right.
Thank you for speaking for the voiceless. Caring for our children and adults with developmental disabilities is crucial.
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you for voting against DeVos.
Thank for no vote on DeVos.  We need more Senators with integrity and courage
Thank you!!!!
THANK YOU!!!! She is not the right choice!
school choice is justice. Don't use this to protect your senate seat. We will not forget. #SchoolChoice
thank your for your courage and integrity.
Thank you for voting against DeVos. Hopefully, your peers will follow suit. @SenateGOP @SenateDems  #noDevos
Thank you for standing up for 50M+ public school children.
I thank you and my children thank you for saying no to DeVos. You're a heroine!
Why are you against school choice ?? Unions ?? Is that it ?? Are you funded by the Teachers' Unions. This is disgraceful.
Thank you for standing up against this unqualified nominee.
good to see the Senator take a stand for the people of Maine.
Thank you for voting NO on DeVos. We appreciate you putting the interests of children and teachers first.
Thank you for TRYING to stop DeVos.
I'm curious if you even take the time to listen to real people affected by NOT having Choice for their childrens education.
You exemplify responsible governing.  Our kids deserve better than DeVos
Thank you for supporting the students and teachers of our country in rejecting this nomination.
on behalf of all Americans I thank you for ur courage & grit to stand up for ur principels and not put party before country
Way to drain that swamp.
It's all about the donar's, sad
thank you!
thank you for not being afraid to break with party lines.
WHAT IS YOU PROBLEM-
you NEED TO VOTE YES
come on THIS IS IMPORTANT AND YOU ARE WRONG TO VOTE AGAINST
VOTE YES NOW
How many of Obama's people did you vote against?  You are a Democrat hack.
you're a champ for voting no on DeVos! Thank you.
, very sad news, wonder who is paying you to be anti  DeVos.
thank you for putting aside party + voting for what matters: education and the future generations. Too bad not the norm
thank you for doing what's right. #betterqualifiedcandidate
Thank you for voting your conscience! It was brave and logical of you, and was the right thing to do!
please vote against DeVos she is not good for the 50 million children in public schools. Please do what's right
I taught Montessori, got a BA in Lib Arts/ Child Dev. an MA in clinical psych. Taught at SBCC. Ms. DeVos is clueless.
You uphold no principle act unethically. Margaret Chase Smith's legacy is lost on you when you put party before country.
thank you for voting no on DeVos. We can do better.
What the hell is wrong with you??? Get on board, or prepare to be ousted at the first opportunity! Rino traitor!
Why would the ultra socialist teachers union give money to a GOP Senator? To sellout principles. SHAME Collins SHAME!!!
THANK YOU!THANK YOU! THANK YOU for your vote of no for DeVos. #publicschoolparent
A small amount of faith in my country's leaders has been restored. Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you Senator Collins.
Thank you so much for saying you will oppose Betsy DeVos. Can you find one more Senate colleague to stand with you?
thank you so much for voting No on Devos!  #CountryFirst 
Thank you for voting with your conscience and for the sake of all children in schools!
