Our Pres. Is creating jobs, are you supporting him?
Linda Bean for Collins Seat!

Did you do anything to help or just drag your sorry ass to every photo opportunity you can ?
Fake,traitor ,disgrace to this country
@SenatorCollins Senator time 4u  2go, if u won't support POTUS, time for a change in your District. Shameful that only DEMS come together
Don't worry Susan Collins Trump will get all the jobs we need here in Maine we don't need you
Yes this & tax reform. Hope you support the GOP's efforts in this important initiative. If not speak up & assist in developing new policies.
Not working Collins. You're In-American & avoiding doing your job for WE the PEOPLE.  Time will take care of you......
Another donor that bought you out.
Trump is ruining America, shredding the Constitution, & trying to be dictator of a white-supremacist state. He brings hate. Please stop him
Boycott LL Bean - Trumptrash
Good jobs, thanks to President Trump and no  thanks to you.
#ImpeachUScongress a #decade of #freeloading #thieves must go
One white supremacist down, 3 more to go, Senator. Do NOT remain silent. Speak up. LEAD! @SebGorka @Steven Miller @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
You have healthcare funded by the American taxpayer, I wonder how many LL Bean employees don't.
Too bad they have Senator Collins to be affiliated with...hope she is voted out her next term
The only senator that I feel that she is honesty and caring person
Yes she's definitely honest to her boss Pelosi
Wow, I thought her boss is the people of Maine. And by the way, get anger management counselor, before it is too late
Why would I get anger management? My Pres is in office, you are the people crying
People & companies investing again and you continue to take shots at the President. Just do job YOU were elected to do Susan, lay off Trump
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …
More money in your pocket #SpecialInterest but im sure your going to lie about that just like you did with Ocare #VoteHerOut
Thank you for your courage  Senator Collins!
Great, if America survives trump.
LL Beanl
Always a forerunner
If I give a gift card it's always  LL Bean

If I lived in Maine you'd have my vote
Thanks 4u R no 2 repeal ACA
What are you doing to fix this?  Iowa's only ObamaCare insurer seeks 57 percent rate increase
Thank you Senator Collins. We love and admire you
Still No Town Hall Meeting? Inexplicable!
Always there for the photo op. You do realize you are responsible for allowing Devos to pass committee? Still not sure how she is qualified.
You're helping supporters of racism who helped elect a racist prez who appointed more racists. What are you doing against this? We see you.

Except that they are Trump supporters so no thanks

It's unfortunate that the Bean family helped to elect POTUS. SHAME. #complicit
If they did then I'm making an order tonight 
Tax reform and tax cuts will also create jobs and grow the economy.
Speak at the opening. Did you actually have anything to do with bringing the jobs? Hopefully those jobs have insurance other than Obamacare?
Linda bean for Collins Seat!!!
Looking great Susan!!
Except for your no vote for repeal and replace.
Who brought those jobs there senator killer of the forgotten man??? Huh?   Trump maybe??
That RINO voted against the bill bc she wants to keep Planned Parenthood opened. Vote out RINOs, time to close the butcher shop.Pelosi's pet
But can they afford 2pay their astronomical healthcare premiums with that job of course not u let Mariners & the country down we wont forget
You better hope the DJT's economic and tax reform goes through or it will close as fast as it opened. You helped defeat the Obamacare repeal
Since when do you care about Americans who want to work?
And it was done all without Trump I assume? Go Maine!
Oh didn't know 'LL Bean was a Trump supporter. I will buy from them whenever I can.
Retweet to your followers to buy LL Bean. It works both ways. :)
You are doing fluff and running from the real necessities. Health Care. LL Bean is fine.
Great news from Ms Bean, mother of Mr Bean..god help us..
Support our Presidenty
Yea that my home town
Nicely done, Susan. Now be thrilled to speak truth to power. 

By aiding and abetting @POtuS, u amplify #WhiteNation message. #2little2late
Susan Collins...please tell Trump to resign...Thanks
LLBean's owner donated hundreds of thousands to Trump's campaign. I used to buy LLBean. NEVER AGAIN.
What about Linda Bean? She supports racism. Sorry but still boycotting. Buy Patagonia!!!
how is she supporting racism? Bc she voted Trump?How do Libs survive life being so overly sensitive?Get a coloring book & find a safe space
Thanku sen collins now focus on the problem in the WH
She is the problem in the White House. RINOs are dangerous to the party. Vote them out
I don't shop at LLbean anymore since they financially supported Trump.
I'm buying from them now. In fact I'm retweeting so my Trump followers will purchase too 
Always good to see you in Democrat blue. #Traitor #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Thank you Sen. Collins
@SenatorCollins You rock!
Isn't LL Bean a white supremacist brand. Linda Bean gave TrumpPac 60k to makeAmericaRacistAgain campaign

I be they don't have affordable healthcare because you're a fraud.
*bet
Do they have anything to say about repealing and replacing Obamacare as promised
and because tghey work for a company they might be able to afford health insurance unlike the rest of us you sold out.

Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Watch out for that one LLBean sister who is a big Trump supporter/donor
Hello
Can you get a canoe at a discount and put @POTUS in it and just send it out to sea please? Thank you!
That's pretty funny. Their canoes take rough water just like DJT and his supporters do. So that won't help you. Don't like him, vote in 2020
I'll be at the polls in 2018. Perhaps she can buy him a noodle for the pool and send him out to sea.
Move to Iowa and represent us!  Please!!!
Given Iowa is true red, RINO is not their thing 
Call for impeachment of Trump. The US military has now turned their backs on him. He choice Nazis over true Americans. Now he must go.
Useless stack of RINO shit!!
Don't talk about yourself like that!
Are those jobs full time, above minimum wage with full healthcare benefits?
Most likely not

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
