call Merriam-Webster. She is no maverick. #comehomesusan
I think you mean democrat posing as a republican
Wants the truth - must be a democrat?
We need more like U 2 save our beautiful   Thank you! God Bless you!!
. Always admire a strong, intellegent woman! Please 4 the of country don't let them bribe or buy you!
We need more like U 2 save our beautiful   Thank you! God Bless you!!
it's great to hear that there is an independent thinker in the GOP. What's your position on #hjres69?
let's see you Maverick:insist @gop leader release taxes & push investigation>Russia. #independantwomen are watching
A maverick from the original US Constitution, Bill of Rights? Do your state/country a favor, restore Rights & deregulate us.
Look closer.She really is no maverick. Likes to appear so but Mainers are on to her.
We're behind you.
if you are a true maverick you'd be doing a lot more to fight trumps illegal actions.
@ForecasterEnten Proud of you Senator. Integrity matters. Stay strong. Stay honorable. And please investigate trump-Russia !
first woman president?
Thank you!!!
no guts, no glory!
Hello Ms Maverick - White House Bars Times and Other News Outlets From Briefing. 
PLEASE SPEAK OUT AGAINST THIS on this NOW!
RUN, SUSAN, RUN!!! #potus #qualified
RINO
you are awesome!! Americans for Susan Collins!!!
great let's maverick thise Trump taxes to the public
I salute you, not for defying Trump (though that helps), but more importantly for putting country above party.
restricting press access? Wtf? Is this the 85% you're ok with?
really, what planet ?? RINO!!
Do you have any response to today's barring of select news organization from today's White House briefing?
does maverick mean mediocre?
yes but she is too scared to meet with Mariners!
Her record doesn't show she's a maverick. When it counts she toes the party line.
@mirrebella @SenatorCollins @FiveThirtyEight she does as she's told to do, she was bought and paid for and sold out.
.@SenatorCollins You'd think a maverick wouldn't be afraid to have a town hall meeting with her constituents.
all the Weepublicans are scart to meet the voters. Especially the Trump puppets
Really? Looks like you're falling in line with the WH, like the other @GOPSenate @SenatorCollins #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns
You're a sane voice for the people. Thank you!!
Thank you for demonstrating a moral compass and loyalty to country before party. Go get those tax returns!
the tamest maverick I have ever met.
We're waiting! Be the maverick you want to see in the world! Work for ME to save the US!
I like a free thinker. Go @SenatorCollins
85% of wrong is still WRONG
Republican Maverick? You mean democrat! The people voted lady, now get with the program or get out of the way!
OBEY THE TRUMP. LEARN RUSSIAN. ALL IS WELL.
Please continue to be a Patriot. #ResistPersist
be a real "maverick" and declare your independence, otherwise, you're just another party hack, and no better than McConnell
maverick????? Just another Rhino who doesnt have any true conservative values
be a real "maverick" and talk about the lies and hypocrisy in your own party.
be a real "maverick" and call for an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia.
a "maverick" who caucuses with a party who's members deny climate change, birth control, abortion, unions, public education
a "maverick" who promoted Jeff Sessions to be the person who will uphold laws prohibiting discrimination
a "maverick" who refuses to hold public events because she does not like what people are saying about her party
You really need to have a town hall. Or let me host you at my house.
a "maverick" who whines because the people she represents are trying to call her.
A maverick that caucuses with a party actively seeking to suppress minority voters.
You have a long way to go 4 We The People to give you that honor Senator. But it's possible.. prove it.
I am not Rep, or from Maine but I very much appreciate your integrity. It is in short supply these days.
casual observers from away may fall for your act, Senator. But Mainers are beginning to get wise to you.
Thank you for taking it issue by issue, Senator.  The nation is watching :)
as a Texan an independent voter I want to thank you for standing up to the true principles of democracy.
#rino !
#never Collins again !
I can't wait for 2018 and you're out of office. You're no Maverick you toe the party line #resist
She is my Senator. She voted no on just 2 of the cabinet picks. She championed for Sessions. Nope, she is not a maverick.
Have a townhall, Mav.
the only Republican maverick. Thank you for your vote on Pruitt.  ONE republican who cares about her state
whatever you need to tell yourself to sleep at night. you rubber-stamped a cabinet designed to deconstruct democracy.
@ForecasterEnten  I'll believe it when you help block #ACA repeal,and protect #Medicare and #SocialSecurity,save us,help us
Remember when Congress used to have many independent voices? Please make yours heard, loud and clear. It's time.
and I remember when Congress was  bipartisan too!
My kind of republican & we need more like her to fight this attack against our Democracy & Constitution!
You are our best hope for a strong democracy. Please staqrt impeachment proceedings now. Thank you!!!
Thank you for working toward a UNITED States while still maintaining your ideals!
Thank you Senator. Are you paying attention @SenJohnMcCain & @JeffFlake ?
sorry nice try but more like a democrat with a big fat Rino after her name
Yes one of the RINOs that gave us two liberal justices. As a Maine voter, I leave that line blank.
RINO
Not a maverick, just a rino(democrat) in Republican clothing.  She is shameful.
She's no maverick.Voted to put DeVos thru to senate vote knowing it would pass even with her "no" vote there. #slippery
A good start! But we are watching! Still let Devos have full vote, why?
I do not like your politics or voting w/Dems too often.
just making sure she stays in the good graces of @TheDemocrats watch what happens when you play both sides
except for 85% of the time… a stray vote once a year doesn't make you a maverick, with all due respect.
Thank you for standing for our values!
Because she 'only' votes with Trump 85% of the time.
You've got a long way to go before we believe that! Go ahead, subpoena tax returns! That would be a start!
Thank you @SenatorCollins for the integrity to stand up for American values and not fall in line with @GOP. You inspire us.
This Democrat is thankful for @SenatorCollins #wishthereweremorelikeher
Mount a real resistance to Trump, and history will remember you as a hero, Senator.
Prove it.
Have any of her votes against TRUMP nominees mattered, or were the safe votes?
Not
