10-yr-old Charlie Albair provided powerful testimony on living w/ Type1. Can't wait to see you play for the @Redsox! #JDRFCC17
What a low life fraud this Hillary lover is.
Thank you for voting NO on the repeal.  My family and I can breath again, and get much needed health care.
You had the audacity to ridicule someone else's appearance? Wow, have you looked in the mirror lately?
Thank you so much for your vote on healthcare! You've saved millions of lives. You are my Hero!
Most adults on Medicaid actually work.
They should also be able to earn a livable wage.
Don't even think about voting for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid for millions of disabled Americans!
Healthcare touches each of Americas children. healthcare is a right.
Ask their parents if there ACA insurance is paying for there diabetic supplies!
It paid for my #type1diabetic daughter's supplies when I didn't have employer based insurance.
Doing more work that is not constitutional.
Free markets don't work for the chronically ill and they do not belong in healthcare. In fact profit was illegal before 1973 HMO Act.
She is a disgrace.
that big nose, very big, take the glasses off. you are scaring people
Our nation thanks you for your brave opposition in last night's vote!
Keep it up, and thanks for your diligence.
Traitor. You will be VOTED OUT.
Thank you, Senator. Hopefully the next step is a deliberative, bipartisan initiative to fix the flaws in ACA.
Thank you, Senator. You've entered the ranks of Profiles in Courage. But more importantly, you saved lives last night.
Yet you support the organization that kills 38% of defenseless humans aborted in America. You support modern Holocaust
Thank you, & your fellow Senators who voted DOWN the terrible anti healthcare bill. NOW, please fight to fix our current ACA system!
Thank you from Texas for voting "no" on the ACA repeal. 
Thank you Senator Collins for your bravery and steadfast vote on the future of American health care
xxx
Thank you for your vote tonight! You are a hero! Don't let ANYONE ever take that away from you! #wonderwomen plus #warhero = #ourheros

Remember Charlie, Brady and other advocates when you vote tonight to repeal their healthcare and leave them in a preexisting death spiral..
Vote No tonight to protect kids like them!
My cousin's husband just turned 65. Huge relief that his diabetes meds will be covered. Even with insurance he was paying >$400 / month
Don't care!! REPEAL OBAMACARE!!
I hope the Senate understands how important insurance is for these kids and all humans since we will all need health care at some point.
Thank you for voting for your constituents!  Stay strong!
I'm glad they are not huge unattractive or what are you thinking?
T1can be well managed with good care, without you get amputations, blindness, kidney failure help us
Charlie, talk to MLB All-Star Adam Duvall, who plays with an insulin pump in his pocket.
Senator Collins I'll tell you one thing they're going to vote you out soon as possible I talk to a lot of people and you can stay and they
That's about all you have to be proud of, u let this country down! Repeal Obamacare!
I have an image in my head of Collins vs Manchin vs McMullin for president where I'll be unsure on who to vote for cus they're all so good
Still Waiting For That Voter Town Hall Meeting - You Know, The People Who Hired You/People You Work For - Why Are You Hiding?
You all were supposed to have ideas, plans. Where are yours? Easy to sit back, do nothing, no ideas and obstruct.

You're the best!
Thank you for your support of healthcare and the ACA. Our lives depend on it.
What healthcare useless card with a $ 8000 deductible
How many yrs. in politics Susan? U get The Best Free Health Care money can buy.U can't relate to ordinary folks
looks like my crazy 5Th grade teacher growing up n Brooklyn
Anyone who let's their child get that close to collins deserves jail time.
It's time to VOTE YOU OUT
Yea good luck w/that.She has 78% approval in Maine & always wins by 30+pts. Voters in ME know she's moderate, precisely why she's so popular
Her approval was when she wanted to replace and repeal. Now, well time will tell. Americans don't like being lied to. Just ask Crooked HRC
You don't seem to have a problem with Trump or his grifter children doing it. Smh!
He will NEVER be impeached! HRC will NEVER be President! And I love me some TRUNTS! MSM Lies to sheep like you
#MAGA
Good thing she's not up for reelection til 2020.  She's a moderate, which is why she has 78% approval & wins reelection by 30+pts everytime.
Senator Collins, You need to work with GOP Senators to repeal & replace ObamaCare instead of Obstructing & Resisting like the Dems!
Last term!
You're either a Democrat, or you have low self-esteem & don't have the guts to be principled!
Sen. Collins Caught On Hot Mic With Democrat Slamming Trump For....Cutting Food Stamps? http://waynedupree.com/sen-collins-caught-on-hot-mic-with-democrat-slamming-trump-for-cutting-food-stamps/ … 

She's As Blue As Pelosi...
Collins has always been a moderate.  Which is why she has a 78% approval in her state & usually wins reelection by 30pts or more.
She voted in favor of the exact same repeal bill 18 months ago, she's a disingenuous liar who voted for show. I bet this is her last term.
Thank you for opposing legislation that will strip preexisting condition protections. We need to cont funding for T1D research& for a cure.
Yes thank you for voting for a worthless insurance card with $ 8000 deductible, ur killing the working & middle class
Which is why we need to #fixaca bring costs down and do something about the ridiculous drug prices. Insulin alone is $1000/mo.
Love you, Susan Collins!
she has almost 80% approval in her state & wins reelection by 30%+ everytime. The fact she's a moderate centrist is why she has such success

So sad you are not representing the American people. With you it's all politics. Try to use Obama Care and see how horrible it is. Shame
Funny, the only positive tweets come from liberals, and we know: MODERN LIBERALS RUINED AMERICA 
DO YOUR JOB, REPEAL!
You rock Senator Collins!!! (@SenAngusKing too)!!
You have to repeal Obamacare, this is not about you lady, it's about us. We did not sent you there as a fake, do your dam job.
She has a 78% approval rating in Maine among her constituents, of which you are not.. being from Florida & all.  She's always been moderate.
She lied in the past voting to repeal Obamacare when she knew bama would veto. NOW NO BACKBONE, DUMB EXCUSES.
They will need the protection for pre-existing conditions and continued care that the Senate leader is trying to repeal.
Does little charlie and Brady know that your republican colleagues plan to strip away health care from their low income friends?
She hasn't voted to do any of that.. direct stuff like this at the ones who are actually voting to repeal. Collins is one of the good ones.
I said her colleagues read the tweet
Thank you for protecting our healthcare 
What healthcare $ 8000 deductible!
So how much did you want for your vote? 
5 million, 10?
Cute picture Sen. Collins.
When will USA make laws to stop this? You are as bad as China, torturing animals to death with no penalties!
Did your sociopathic colleagues even care? maybe they were focused on the tax breaks they could get if they took insulin away from children?
Instead of attacking one of the good ones in the senate, tweets to the senators that are actually voting to repeal.
Are you accusing me of attacking her?!   You're mistaken.   I'm saying it's sad her peers have no empathy for those she does.  Sigh.
I am at a loss, I am flabbergasted....
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/874418923155968000 …
....that few in the press & NOBODY in Congress will mention this.
91:
I am pretty sure EVERY REASON the press does not cover #WilburRoss Russian money laundering =
STUPIDITY, COWARDICE, &/or CORRUPTION. 
THANK YOU FOR STANDING WITH US! - and opposing these viciously cruel bills.
I like that you stand up to trump, but now get on board with single payer healthcare!!
U need to think about that, Socialized healthcare will be Disastrous 4 America,u see how well the VA worked, ocare designed to fail,wake up
