But if you'd rather tax the very rich more...I'm all for it!
Thank you.
Dems always said ACA needs to be fixed. States that expanded Medicare are doing well with ACA. Time to vote for people & not party agenda.
(1/2) Thanks, Sen. Collins. I'm self-employed #BreastCancer & #endometriosis patient who has had mixed results with #Obamacare.
(2/2) I want the system fixed so it works for ALL patients.
Thank you
Just switch over already...been voting with Dem's your whole life.  You voted to repeal ACA under Obama because you knew it was a safe vote
#SinglePayerNow
Thank you thank you thank you. You are a hero.
Susan Collins
Lisa murkowski
John McCain

You didn't want to cooperate with Republican, you want to cooperate Democrats
Thank you Senator Collins for standing with Americans in Maine and across the country.
You are going to pay when Obama care crash
Thank you Senator Collins!
Thank you.
How do 49 senators - like my own @senatorburr, @SenThomTillis - vote for a bad bill written over lunch - just to get political "victory?"
Choke...We'll fix it in 2018...
Thank you, Senator! You are a true American Hero. Here are some lives you saved: @LittleLobbyists @HouseCallsAHCA @Nataliew1020
Thank you for considering the people you serve over party. Much respect for you.
Bulls--t You didnt want President Trump to b seen as getting a win,So you put personal feelings ahead of doing whats best for your Citizens
Susan you betrayed D President. You & Murkowski will be Remembered by 63 million Trump Supporters
These R Real Supporters not Fraud Voters
Thank you for putting country before party.
Thank you thank you thank you
THANK YOU
Thank you @senatorcollins
Well said and exactly right. ACA needs improvement, but GOP bills offered would have made things worse. Need solution that puts people first
Thank you for realizing that it's time for a bi-partisan senate to work together to FIX the ACA and not leave millions w/out insurance.
Thank you!
Why should Americans give our tax dollars to the insurance companies?  They R pvt,  profitable companies.  Y Medicaid 2 healthy & young?
Senator Collins, you have my respect and gratitude. THANK YOU THANK YOU !!!
Thank you.
Thank you for keeping my health care intact. Now R's & D's can work together to make it even better for all.
Dems don't care about working together,CBO is wrong at every turn. Open ur eyes to whats really happening.No wonder Senate gets NOTHING done
Thank you for your integrity. <3
Bye girl! 
Thank you for LYING to us?
God is Grace & God is Good....Courage is contagious!
Thank you for your vote. Obama/Dem. Senators have sought to improve ACA and been stonewalled, but onward and upward.
Improve? They caused the freaking mess. Who trusts the same idiots that dreamed this up? IF THERE WAS ABETTER WAY, WHY DIDN'T THEY DO IT 1ST
And how about @gop @SenateDems go on Ocare?
Thank you for your bravery and your convictions!
Please push this healthcare issue into a bipartisan solution!  We need to stabilize ACA and work on the changes to provide good care!
Duh! Nevada's Division of Insurance said Monday that Anthem would pull out of the state's 2018 individual insurance exchanges under the AFA.
VOTE THIS WOMAN OUT! MAINE IS A HUGE WELFARE STATE. DESPICABLE THAT THEY HOLD UP THE REST OF THE COUNTRY. 

CUT THEIR FUNDING FOR EVERYTHING
. Thank you for your vote.
Thank you for your vote, Senator. Your integrity is needed, now more than ever.
This is the best explanation I've seen so far of the issues with both Obamacare and attempts to repeal it.  Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you for what?
THANK YOU for saving my son's health care.
Respect!
.@SenatorCollins stood up for American people against Republic leadership, which has gone to a bad place #mepolitics
Sen. Collins' statement on health care vote. http://bit.ly/2v4kI9p  
I really appreciate you, Sen. Collins. Thank you for doing the right thing
thank you Senator for protecting healthcare.  I am hoping that a bipartisan solution can be reached to make the ACA even better.
Thank you for your steady, unwavering stance to protect healthcare for millions of Americans.  You are a true hero, Senator Collins.
Thank you for putting country before party.  #Grateful
By not repealing a law that is harming millions?
16 million would lose insurance, premiums expected to increase 20% under skinny repeal. Who exactly would that help? Are you a millionaire?
What are your thoughts on the premiums that are skyrocketing now?  Not a millionaire, which is why ACA needs to go.
Ever stop to ask why they aren't focusing on the insurance companies that are raising those premiums? While raking in millions?
Before the failed Health Care act, premiums were a 3rd of what they are now.  What do you suggest.  And don't say single payer.
Premiums will always be controlled by insurance companies. Again, if we don't put restrictions on them this reaction will continue
Free market competition with limited gov't oversight will reduce prices.  We see what the mistake of gov't run Healthcare has produced.
WHEN in your memory has the CBO EVER scored anything Correctly?
Thou dost protest too much, methinks.
Looks like the fake crowds supporting Ur choice to stab Ur constituents in the back isn't looking so good 4 U now. Reap what You sow
Don't care what she says, outcome is your tax dollar will go to pvt ins co's and your Medicaid & will B used on healthy, young people?

Thank you for doing the right thing Senator! The majority of Americans are grateful. Thanks for "womanning" up!
Please continue to stand strong and maintain your ethics on behalf of our people! I respect and admire you!! We need you, more now than ever
How do U justify giving Medicaid 2 healthy,people of working age?  It jeopardizes the whole program for disabled & elderly?  You R a Traitor
ACÁ failure.  You vote No. Sitting on your hands is a disaster. PP let it go Socialistic tendencies NEVER HELPS R&R do your job
I hope you will enjoy unemployment TRAITOR. #MAGA
Sad...we need the repeal to overhaul with fiscal responsibility... Please reconsider.
Shame on you as a Repub I am disgusted with my party Obamacare is horrible youwould rather hate Trump then do what you and the rest promised
i am a (mostly) democrat, living in california. when you next run for office, please count me in for a contribution.
These two senators are in moderate States.  Dems should focus on beating them.
Thank you for standing up for your constituents and #StandWithPP
It's 2017 time to embrace science & technology. Sonograms proved life half a century ago.
Thank you for choosing the well-being of the country over that of your party. Hoping both sides can work together to improve the ACA now!
What are you ideas for undoing the premium hikes we have gone through, and will continue to see?

Empty rhetoric, especially in a short thread based on Senator Collins disgusting betrayal of her values.

While I thank you for your vote, please stop saying that the ACA had no GOP input. There were more than 100 GOP amendments worked into ACA.
She didn't say no input, she said no Republican votes. Lots of reasons, but it's a fact.
The Repubs were smart enough to know Obamacare was designed to fail, and it is.  Government run healthcare is a disaster. Just ask a Vet.
They knew they would make it fail, there's a difference.
Republicans had zero to do with its failure, you Dems own that lock, stock and barrel. So use your gas lighting techniques on someone else.
tick tock....your lack of helping the american public with health care will get you out of office...WHERE have you been the last 8 years?
We're not interested in your excuses. We want you Primaried and voted out; removed from any assignments you have, no RNC funds whatsoever.
Well the people of Maine don't. So thanks anyway.
The people of Maine are dependent idiots. That doesn't surprise me.
Avg income is not high. Predominantly middle class. And they can make decisions for themselves.
You're not even capable of thinking for yourselves, much less making decisions for yourselves. Good luck to you.
Thank you so much for supporting actual Health Care instead of a political win that would be legal genocide. About your statement: 1/
Insurance carriers have ALWAYS restricted which Doctors/Providers & Hospitals you can see. That's the point of IN NETWORK. 2/
That's not a problem of the ACA. It's the problem with insurance. And it's insulting to even make it part of this discussion since all 3/
it does is create more division where it shouldn't, because the solution to that problem is a Gov Takeover in order to force all 4/
health providers to take all insurances & always be taking new patients, and never allowed to retire or die. Please stop using it as an 5/
example of a "flaw", when it's literally a feature of the structure of health insurance. The flaw is the profit. Take that away, and 6/
you take the biggest step to fixing health care in the US. We're the only country where it's legal to make a profit on someone's illness. 7/
You were alive before Reagan broke it. Remember how it used to work? The entire industry was non-profit. But Republicans worship profit. 8/
Perhaps if the GOP hadn't caused uncertainty in the markets by having all those repeal votes, maybe more insurers wouldn't have pulled out.
Thank you for voting your conscience and working to save healthcare for millions of Americans.
This Maine Democrat is so very proud of you @SenatorCollins . Keep up your tremendous work representing our state!
Sen. Collins-REAL Americans know who & what you are...join your "COMRADES" across the isle...you are USELESS 2 American Conservatism 
You just destroyed the middle classes hopes for affordable health care in 2018. THANKS FOR NOTHING.
As a Democrat, a nurse, and a patient, thank you
Thank you for your thoughtful vote. I hope Your words here spark a change in the R Vs D mindset of your colleagues that helps NO American.
Thank you for your principled stand. For support when we strike out on our own. And thank you for saving my access to healthcare.
Thank you for your courage & example.
Thank you for the vote.
Thank you. For voting no on a bad bill. This is the first step in having discussions and working towards real reform.
THANK YOU!!
I want to thank you for being a republican hero and waiting for something better than what is offered under the current ACA!
Thank you for against this!
Look at all the Democrats cheering her decision. Should show her voters all they need to know when she's up for reelection. Trash.
@realDonaldTrump and Mitch McConnel need to listen to Senator Collins. Congress needs to work together! #healthcare for all!
Thank you for standing with the American People and protecting health care. You truly are an inspiration!
Thank you for your vote. Thank you for valuing healthcare more than party speaking points.
Sen Collins just call yourself a liberal Obamasheep and get it over with.
Thank you!
#ThankYou , #SenatorCollins.  As a woman battling Stage III, metastatic #breastcancer, I am forever in your debt. #STOPTrumpCare
Thank you for your vote! 
Thank you! Women in Washington are kicking ass!
Just what party do you belong to? The Know Nothing?
My handmade thankyou for your vote, from a KY woman with pre-existing conditions.
Thank you Senator Collins for your thoughtful approach to Healthcare Reform.
Thanks for your leadership in choosing country over party - a profile in courage. History will remember your moment favorably. Stay strong!
Thank you for putting the American people before party. You are a BRAVE, tenacious woman.
All of Maine loves you Susan knowing you care  so much and stand up for what is right for the people and not for the party. TU You go girl!
Thank you, Senator Collins, for your 'no' vote on the "skinny repeal". We need to tweak the ACA or go to Medicare for all. God bless you.
Thank you Senator
Susie Colon...Will be voted Out!!!
Thank you for saving the healthy of millions of American. I hope this is the start of bipartisan efforts to improve the ACA.
Going through the replies here, you have garnered the grateful appreciation of the left, and the media. You must be so proud.
Thank you for your courage, Senator.
Thank you for your no vote!
Thank you for being so strong on healthcare, Senator Collins!
Thank you for being an American Hero! This is not a Partisan issue. This is about American people being able to have health care coverage <3
Thank you for your intelligent & courageous stand against the silliness of GOP leadership
Thank you for still trying to keep HC coverage  for those of us with preexisting conditions. Not free coverage but good affordable coverage
Senator. Thank you for your vote. For the American people. Thank you so much. I cry it has come to this.No shit i cry.
Thank you.
Thank you! And yes, I hope this gets all parties to work together in Congress for every American.
THANK YOU for helping stop this arcane and nonconstructive healthcare bill!!!
HC is so important to every person in this country, it should not be played politics with in the slightest. Thank you for being human first.
Thank u for your courage
RINO! You have NO right to run on Republican ticket. You had ZERO intention of repealing ACA. Liberal- quit pretending
Proud to be a Mainer today because of you!
Thank you!
You and Sen Murkowski give me faith in mankind, or perhaps womankind, and a little faith in politics and govt. Just a little. Let's fix ACA!
We recognize your skills and bravery with your healthcare bill vote. Thank you.
Thank you for voting no and for supporting the American people over party loyalty. #SaveACA
Thank you for consistently putting country before party!
You are a traitor to the American people and our president. We will vote u out!
Thank you Sen Collins for standing up for what is right. We will not forget you had our best interest at heart.
We are so thankful to you for your continued support for those of us who have no voice & no representation in our own states. Thank you!

Thank you, Senator Collins, for for your strength in standing up for your convictions.
This took courage--thank you. Now Congress needs to accept ACA and work to fix the weaknesses in it.
Thank you Senator
Bravo!  So proud of you for standing your ground. Thank you!!
Bipartisanship helps to avoid extremes and imbalances. It causes compromises and accommodations. So let's cooperate. 
Zbigniew Brzezinski
Thank you for standing up for the American people. Thank you for not voting for this cynical bill. Thank you
Thank you Sen. Collins!
Won't Forget It. You Lied  

In 2015 Said You Would Repeal. You Campaigned On Repeal.

Like A Used Car Salesman- You Lied- Bait & Switch
Thank you for standing strong.
No excuse. Can still have some of these but not at the expense of corrupt practices of accountable care organizations
Your NO vote was a betrayal of your party, your voters and all Americans. Very disappointed in you.
#TermLimits
On behalf of the millions of children in the US who rely on Medicaid for their health care coverage, THANK YOU for voting no!!!
Thank you for putting the country before party.
You voted for repeal when you knew it wouldn't be signed and you bailed now. Phony. Switch parties please
thank you
Thank you!
You did the right thing. Max individual donation forthcoming.
Dear Lady, Thank you. I'm 59, self employed and w preexisting conditions. Without you I would have lost healthcare coverage. Bless your .
Thank you for this.  You are a statesperson.  I'm sure that a bipartisan solution is possible.
Thank you.
THANK YOU for standing up for what is right! Please work together with both sides to fix the ACA. It's what Americans want.
Thank you senator. There is some sanity left in this country thanks to you.
Thank you, Senator Collins.
TYon behalf of all patients I will see that still have coverage #fixACA It needs improving but thru smart open bipartisan discussion
Thank you @SenatorCollins for doggedly making the case for logic, empathy & due diligence.
 Kudos from TN. Thank you for doing the right thing!!!!
Thank you!  Thank you for your courage in standing up for common sense and for a real solution to health care.  You are a true leader.
Thank you, Senator, for doing the right thing and being courageous. I hope other Congress members learn from you.
Put regulations back on insurance companies. Give us back our right to choose before we take it.
Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you 
Thank you for your courage and leadership, Senator!
Thank you, Senator Collins. You did the right thing in the face of incredible pressure.
Brainless woman. Why u don't talk with people who use Ocare befor taking stup* decisions! I'm Ocare user & hate it, too expensive
You and your sister senator are the true hero's of the Senate. Thank you!
Thank you for your courage and character!  We love you and love the people of Maine.
Thank you for being a consistent voice of sanity within the @GOP on healthcare.
Thank you for your leadership and example.
Thank you for standing firm and voting against the "skinny" repeal bill. All Americans owe you a great debt of gratitude.
I am Canadian, but I would like to say you are a true hero!! A person of integrity, u actually care about your people !! Congratulations!!
You are a traitor to those who voted you into office and those millions of Americans who depended on you. You are no Maverick....
thank you!
Thank you for choosing wisdom and leadership. Thank you!!! 
Thank you Sen Collins for voting your conscience not your party for the sake of the American people
Thank You @SenatorCollins, @SenJohnMcCain, and @lisamurkowski for protecting American's access to health care https://thankyou.delivery/deeds/83a158fd-10f1-42e0-9abf-ccecf3f12244 …
