EMBARRASSMENT TO AMERICA'S GOP ..COLLINS IS A SELLOUT WITH EXCELLENT HEALTHCARE FOR HER PROBLEMS.. WHILE AMERICA SIMMERS WAITING FOR ACTION
The confederate flag represents hate and is used by haters to spread hate. This Southerner flies the American flag. I am not a confederate.
The best way to do that is to also denounce all hate groups like antifa,him, and the kkk.
Thank you for this. Trump condoning racism and emboldening gun-toting domestic extremists is an existential threat to American life
You are a LIER! Show us where Trump condones racism
Mainers also denounce the violence perpetrated by the antifa radicals, but I'm  sure you don't want to hear that.  #MAGA
Bla bla bla BUILD THE WALL YOU DEMONCRAT!
And also reject the bigotry and violence of the left and the terrorist group antifa.
For once you speak for all of us in Maine Yet you speak against our President. He is not a racist anymore than we are. He called out ANTIFA.
EMPTY WORDS SENATE IN ACTION  HAS GIVEN RISE TO AMERICAs FRUSTRATION & DAILY CHAOS.. SENATE  DIVA'S PARADING ON TV & NOT DOING PEOPLE'S WORK
The KKK has always been the Democrat party & now Antifa is the new KKK of the Democrats!
Documents signed by mentally unstable ppl R Not BINDING. TRUMP's dementia symptoms R growing. It's your Cons.DUTY to pursue his MEDICAL EXAM
This is not well-informed. The Democrats are not nazis.
Please read a history book, you're embarrassing yourself.
A PHONY SENATOR FROM THE DO NOTHING CONGRESS WHO HAS EXCELLENT HEALTH CARE WHILE AMERICA SIMMERS IN GARBAGE.. SENATE  SHARES BLAME FOR VA..
No feces Senator? If you DON'T say it, your people MUST not reject feces in their food etc. You really sound like a Liberal. #DrainTheSwamp
@SenatorCollins Senator time 4u  2go, if u won't support POTUS, time for a change in your District. Shameful that only DEMS come together
Do you also reject the bigoted, hateful #antifa and #BLM?  You seem to forget and ignore their violence and hate
But you back Antifa. Like the Driver that murdered that young girl. Violence was many sided & planned since May! You donate?
Senator, the country needs action. I have a white supremacist President coming 2 my state to rally next week. I cant even begin 2 understand
THESE GIANT PHONY SENATE WINDBAGS. FROM THE 'DO NOTHING CONGRESS " ARE PATHETIC EMPTY WORDS & SHARE BLAME FOR FRUSTRATION ACROSS USA & VA..
Do you also reject the Antifa group, black lives matter and the Muslim Brotherhood? They are certainly hateful, anarchists & violent.
Sen. Collins. Keep fighting against Trump. You are hope!
Primary Collins who sides with democrats.
Mainers also strongly reject Ivanka and Jared hiding in their state.
Are they vacationing in Maine right now?
Vermont, I thought?
Yeah with the Communist Bernie that cheated each other They're racist and here's the proof found in history books
Did you know that Democrats and Republicans switched platforms? So the people who did all that are now called Republicans. Congratulations.
I admire your integrity and strength. Run in 2020. Both sides of the isle will support you.
Trump was right. Violence on both sides. Do U condemn ANTIFA & BLM? Cop killers, thugs who attack innocents & cops with clubs & URINE?
We have got to reign in this alt-right authoritarian Putin-loving madman in our WH.
It's not enough to denounce the bigoted, hateful speech from dt. You must not stand with him and you must call him out by name.
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …
Boothbay will be holding a Vigil For Equality Friday the 18th at 5 pm on the Boothbay Common.  Can you stand with us?
You idiots are going to run out of "catchy" riot phrases.
I told you the Democrats look. You must have been one of them.
It must have been the Racist Democrats whom you vote with. You will be voted out soon. Shame on you and them Look!
Susan, you are the very best.  I applaud you!  
Lieberman/@SenatorCollins
Say out loud our President has created the climate that supports this ugliness. Why not say it like it is.
Prob Antifa did it.

https://twitter.com/mustangmach1jmm/status/898776885508833280 … leave the #racistgop
Swamp creature, career politician,  everything that's wrong with our two part system!  Term limits NOW!  Vote them out.  Dem and Rep.
Senator Collins- from a lifelong Dem- thank you for standing up to Trump.  Please continue
that would include you, correct, Senator?

JUSTICE FOR HEATHER! RT THIS TILL SHE GETS IT!!https://twitter.com/acluva/status/896386562484731904 …
This women is an idiot
Finally making sense!now talk for us,repeal ahca,not fix.do tax reform,support potus &republicans that sent u to be the voice!
Agree with you. What are you going to do when Antifa & BLM disrupts your reelection campaign appearances? Stand there like Bernie Sanders?
 rejects the bigotry and hatred in the WH. The Pres IS a white supremacist. Anything less than impeachment is condoning white supremacy
how abt the hateful bigoted violent words spewed by your colleague nadal? your silence proves what we all know about u.
If you are outraged with Trump but not with BLM "What do we want? DEAD COPS! Pigs in a Blanket FRY EM LIKE BACON!"? Coward!!!!!
It's not enough to say that there is a problem. A good leader will take decisive, tangible, steps to resolve the problem. Please stop Trump.
I feel so helpless. How can we stand up for our country with Donald Trump's as President. It makes me ill, I detest politics even more now.
It's frustrating. I desperately want him to be successful. He needs to be quiet and listen to understand not just listen to respond.
WAKE UP! it wasn't some KKK group! It was a Soros funded commie group trying to gin up strife!
Good!
Strongly reject remove Trump Pence Ryan McConnell too!

DUMP Corrupt Trump Pence Ryan McConnell all GOP Reps voting ACA repeal
Thank you for standing up to hate and bigotry. Please hold Trump accountable.
Thank you for standing for fairness, goodness, and more.
just when I think DC can't sink any lower...
leave the GOP, if not now, when?
Thank you
When will you publicly tell off Nazi Sympathizer Trump?
All of you're too blame fueling the fire should of paid no attention too the small little group ....
You are a traitor to this country & party You don't care about the USA. A Dem in sheep's clothing. Shame on you. The people voted Trump!
20th Maine fought bravely and turned the tide against the CSA at Gettysburg. Where's their public monument? Gettysburg where it belongs.
Not nearly good enough
Must condemn the madness DJT spewed Tuesday
Keep speaking loudly! Thank you
#Impeachtrump
Thank you, Sen. Collins, from a Brooklyn Democrat. Please continue to speak out forcefully. The GOP must not be lost to extremists.
Belated thanks for standing up for healthcare! Bless you.
Your pathetic ! We want forget Obamacare !
Thank you. I'm not a Mainer nor a Republican but want to thank you for being strong.
.
Grrr...
.
Your silence is golden to ears of @POtuS and #whitenation. 

Look in the mirror Susan. 

You have to decide now. 

#doMEproud
Probably left there by Left Wing Agitators?great distraction from you lying about not stopping Obama Care. Good try
...and you intend to use the power entrusted to you by the citizens of Maine how exactly, Susan?
I'm terribly disappointed. #shameonSue
THEN QUIT BEING IN THEIR PARTY
Then why do they elect and reelect that despicable governor
Senator Collins, again the Republican Party will not recover unless leaders take action. Can't go on
I'm on vaca in Wells Beach , you have a beautiful, inclusive, lovely state & the food is incredible 
What
Except for our Governor @PaulLapage who is a Trump mini me
Coast is clear Collins, Senator Corker just came out speaking about trump by name and his incompetence in presidency. Now your turn
This is what happens when your political party enables racists.
Did she print them, as to why she is apologizing ?
Sen Collins, I KNOW ur a leader. PLEASE JOIN SEN CORKER & LEAD us out of danger. Pls speak out on Trump incompetence & CALL FOR ACTION. ThkU
Is the official Republican Party stance to shoot Muslims with pig blood coated bullets like Trump just suggested on twitter??
I think you already know this, but we have arrived at a time in history where you have to make a choice as to which side you are on?
Traitor. Enough said.
Action needed, Senator. It's already been 48 hours since truth came from Pres abt white supremacists.  What are you going to do about it?
here is an impactful story for your leadership bag. The big piece in here I heard was she said "he came for me"
Still waiting for you to put Country before party again. We need you to speak out against pres by name. Hate grips emboldened by silence
What they need to be kicked out
Mainers strongly reject you also
Congress. Censure DJT. Your conscience and country require this action
Call out racist @realDonaldTrump ***by name**, @SenatorCollins. Stop being complicit.@nytimes @Morning_Joe @bangordailynews #mepolitics 
Are you ready to condemn Trump? He has lost the authority to lead anyone but haters.
Then author legislation banning the use of #hate symbology by #political, #social or #religious groups. Germany learned. #TweetsAreCheep
And America strongly rejects you!

I agree with others. Call out trump. Get him out
Call out 45 by name.  He's l
I hate haters also but does the Mainers know your party founded the KKK? Bet not so please tell them for once speak the truth RINO
Do you condemned Antifa & BLM as well?  If not, does that mean you support their civil activities?
Trump never codone the hate and violence. He said there two partys wher both at fault. And that is true. Watch the unedited footage.
Wait. It's Mainers,  not Maine-iacs?
America condemns anyone trying to alter the constitution and will fight all enemies both domestic and foriegn.
This is a good start.I mean that! But, pls. call out @realDonaldTrump by name. Tell him the Repub. prty won't stand w/him if he stands w/KKK
why just Mainers dummy? all good citizens in the U.S reject it. but u endorse antifa and their violent ways. vote this dummy out.
So much ignorance and hate. Trump does not and did not support hate groups. And the country would be stronger if there was more support.
Thank you Senator Collins. Please lead the way to a 25th ammendment. Our President is a White Supremisist/Nazi sympathizer. Unacceptable!
Decry Trump!
Do something!
The ones you used Soros money to have distributed?  Those KKK flyers?  Shame on you.
Puttting out KKK flyers and then acting like others did it, is not going to get you votes, everyone now knows you are a liar!
Why aren't you calling for racist trump's removal? He is a racist and as a supposed leader you s/b speaking out
Censure the president. Words are cheap. Actions have merit.
Then reject this "president"!!!
Every time you fail to mention Trump by name you continue to give aid and comfort to the KKK.
TY, Senator. Will you begin a call in the Sen to restore full Voting Rights Act & show the country that Congress opposes white supremacy?
Tell us what you think of the PRESIDENT saying there are good people among the white supremacists. Use his name.
Thank you for being a strong GOP voice against hate.
While I agree, you need to CONDEMN BY NAME Trump for his statements. Your refusal to do so is you condoning and agreeing with his words.
Say his name Senator. His name is Trump
Please speak out directly about Trump
Today our country has lost a true American original, my friend and mentor Robert C. Byrd.” Hillary Clinton crickets
Please impeach trump
Say his name
Thank you
Trump has given millions of racists in GOP permission to come out of the closet. Those silent in GOP are enablers.
Yup. We saw this coming. He showed who he is. And so did his supporters
Not time 4politics
This is AMERICAN issue 
OUR country under concerted attack in unison w Russia 
NO MORE DENIAL
You need to repudiate @realDonaldTrump and any other @GOP Nazi or KKK sympathizer, including @jeffsessions
Hi jane
Speak up Senator 
We can't hear you
Pls support articles of #ImpeachTrump 
Call it WHAT IT IS

This is AMERICAN TERRORISM 

@potus has NOT PROTECTED US
Thank you SenatorCollins. Please tell your friend @TomCottonAR that we reject them in his home state too. He won't answer me. #America
Ask LePage why he has not condemned the white supremacists and racists in Charlottesville
Please also directly express Maine solidarity with the Resisters by calling @POTUS to his face. Remember Joshua Chamberlain & heroism of men
Never thought I'd see KKK in Maine... Thank you Senator for standing up to it. Please push for Trumps impeachment. #ImpeachTrumpNow
please have the courage of conviction to censure the president
Agreed. However, you know it will only get worse as long as Trump is in the White House. How can impeachment not be a real consideration..?
#GOPdoSomething #GOP #NOHATE #impeach
They're trying to appeal to the LePage set.
Well, not all Mainers are opposed to the KKK, it seems
Please back up your words with action. Trump's words get worse each day. The violence will not stop unless you get him OUT.
Actually, I lived in Maine for a while -- you have enough racists to elect LePage. Self-awareness is a good first step.
Shame you betrayed Republican Party identify yourself as democrat as you have no idea what damage you have done to country Very Sad
We aren't going to forget the president's words on Aug 15, 2017. Neither should you. Take action now.
Denounce trump!!
People from your state should be called Maineatees, not Mainers. Please pass legislation to make this happen.
Thank you patriot Susan Collins
All politicians in this country are worthless.
Call out the president but name!! #censuretrump
Fake fake fake fake
We also reject #closetdemocrats such as yourself who refuse to denounce all hate groups like BLM and ANTIFA Black Panthers
Please continue to be your party's voice of reason. Fellow GOP members Pres. Trump and Gov LePage deserves as much of your ire as KKK flyers
Ever since DJT came down the escalator & called Mexicans drug dealers/rapists, our country has become one of hate. Please do something!
Please do more than strongly reject; censure or impeach the current president who incites and supports this hate #Disgrace
I'm betting not all of them are rejecting it.
Nooooo! Not Maine!
Please take the lead on getting Trump to resign or impeachment. It is long past time. You'll be a hero!
U know lol
Denounce him by name. Impeach, 25A. Stand strong once again for US.
How about BLM??? Do you speak out when they hurt people , burn , destroy, loot??? I haven't heard it yet
Great! Now do something about it!
in light of the POTUS continued unwillingness to condemn hate groups I beg  you to rebuke him to restore public trust. LEADERS LEAD!
Leaders should lead
I couldn't agree more! They need to get out and stay out of our state!! We don't want you here at all!!!
All happening due to @realDonaldTrump bolstering them. Speak out!
Pres Trump breathed oxygen into the KKK at 1st press conference 2 years ago. Stand and speak truth to POTUS, Senator. ME=DIRIGO #kkk #trump
Time to join the Democrats and cenure POTUS.
Why even respond? There is no resurgence of white supremacists. It's fringe and literally dying out. Don't feed the flame
Do more than reject! You have a moral compass. I believe in you doing the right thing for America.
No vote on repealing Obamacare won't go away!  You ran on it and then turned your back on Americans who wanted it repealed as well.
Please call out the president by name and let him know you don't agree with him.
Sad and pathetic
Please move to #idaho. @MikeCrapo @SenatorRisch are clowns and seem unable to represent the best interests of the state. #countrybeforeparty
