Independent Commission is what is needed. Sorry but too much corruption and cover up going on
That was under Obama, remember Lynch meeting Bill and Holder...
C'Mon now you guys got to stop with the Hillary and Obama crap. This is all Trump now and it's getting real 
Oh come on really?  There was plenty of proof on all 3.  But politics are dirty especially when Dems are involved.
if any of this Russian stuff would have involved either of them the GOP would be burning down Washington right now
Not without proof just like no proof with Trump.  It is a globalist tactic to discredit him which will not work.
You can seriously not be that naive. If it's nothing please tell me why the FBI CIA NSC and more are investigating
Hmm why did they investigate Hillary?
the only option the people will accept is an independent special prosecutor. GOP and admin are both compromised.
You mean like Holder and Lynch were compromised?  Troll here?
Exactly because there was no accountability in Obama admin except to promote discord and not support law.
for Trump, we were fed up with the establishment.  Russia had nothing to do with it and never will.
What worries you?  Russia did not cause HRC to lose.
What a bunch of BS.  R u the little girl crying wolf again.  Go to work and get Obamacare repealed, tax reform and cabinet.
Thank you for staying on top of this.   Our elections have been stolen & the man in the WH is bought & paid for. HELP!!!
#Independent
@carriecordero What is taking so long?  Is there not a sense of urgency?  Is the FBI not cooperating?
An independent investigation is needed to reassure #USA. WH should not be concerned if not guilty. WH seems concerned so far
Please work for the American people & continue pushing on Russian influence in our government.
Please help restore trust in gov with an independent investigation into the ties to Russia. It's concerning! #Trumprussia
the public has no confidence with republican actions especially in this case.
Um, no. Not when members of that Committee follow WH orders to shut the story down... #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns @SenatorCollins
I've always voted my conscience in presidential elections regardless of party. Trump is hiding something. Please investigate
Please be a hero for our country. Independent commission. Subpoena Trump's taxes.
Nice try, but an independent commission is the only way since the majority of the GOP is corrupt.
You will be remembered as the woman who sided with Russians and pussy grabbers, how sad!
Please go down in the history books as the person who saved democracy. We need to see his taxes
where's the bipartisanship in your committee chairman taking orders from 45 to spread lies and downplay russian involvement?
Senator @SenatorCollins
Appreciate your effort -but we really need an Independent Commission. We have lost faith in much of our government.
Independent investigation please. It will help your job as well
I reject this. It must be an independent investigation. You cannot allow the fox to guard the hen house. No to Sessions!
.  Must expose what happened & close the holes for future. Must sanction foreign entities and punish any Americans involved.
@SenatorBurr @DevinNunes @RepCummings @SenSchumer Ppl have severe Trust issues.Sessions,Burr,Nunes 0 role in investigation.
it will be independent commission or it will be bullshit
The public does not have confidence in this committee and will not have confidence in any report it issues.
These are your people; this is your mess. Clean it up, please.
Then tell Sessions to get out of the investigation! Recuse!
Too little, too late... We need an independent group to rule on this. I am speaking for ten of thousands of Mainers save ACA
Ma'am Senator, keep up the good work. I will do my minuscule bit on my end in Texas to pressure Senators Cornyn & Cruz to do
the same, for what little good that may do. Keep fighting against what is, day by day, a corrupt administration, the likes
of which we have not seen since the Harding years. Thank you for your work.
Senator Burr has already compromised the commission.
Thank you. We ask that in the same way an independent outside of D.C. group would investigate.#Thismatters
Get a special prosecutor.  We need to get to the bottom of this. Scamming our democracy is beyond anything Hillary ever did.
Why do you always wait for the "coast to be clear" before taking a principled stand on an issue? Do your job!!!!
@lisamurkowski Good! So we will see you Senators standing up tomorrow against nomination of Pruitt & defending our country?
In other words no special prosecutor. This Mainer wonders if it is possible for republicans to act fairly. Benghazi?
Both Dems & GOP know "the Emperor is naked". He should resign for many reasons. The tale depicts current trend accurately.
actually, I think that if you had fairly investigated by now then great; since you've stalled, independent investigation
Then make sure you investigate thoroughly and w/o allegiance to who ever might be guilty - inc top admin & Trump if need be
We agree with your position. Thank you Senator Collins.
That doesn't seem particularly responsive to the allegation... Were you or your colleagues approached?
#never Collins !
think watergate
definitely appears like collusion - independent counsel necessary
2 years and u are retired!
The demoncratic GOP voice parts lips again.
the only way for all Americans to have confidence in the findings is to have an Independent investigation.
if I haven't told u today, ur my hero. Millions of bipartisan women applaud ur courage. I'm a Dem & I thank u 4 ur svc.(1/2)
Senator Burr-compromised. Sessions-part of the Trump campaign. Please support an independent select committee to investigate
I read your statement.  Do a through job please. There is too much fodder there!  Putin is trying to eat away our democracy.
Ur still a traitor to the American ppl, our govn't and to ourPresident. U should b ashamed and resign. Ppl will remember.
Sorry, Senator. Too late for this now. Independent Commission with a special prosecutor is in order now.
Those who collude with traitors by shielding them from scrutiny will crash and burn with them.
No Burr can't be impartial. Cotton saying "There's no allegations of any crime occurring." Bipartisan independent commission
It is time for an independent prosecutor.
A lot of "should" when we already have "didn't." What are you going to do about it? #Trumprussia
- it is now time for independent investigation. Please persevere to that end.
please make sure bipartisan remains a key part of that.
Thank you!
That's it? You didn't address the issue: WH and IC heads' improper collusion to deny veracity of Russia investigation story
your truth tell8ng would be better served with actual independent investigation. This govt @gop has shown its corruption.
Sorry Senator. Your party has shown itself to put party over Country. This has to be an independent commission.
I support the appointment of a special prosecutor, 9/11-style commission if necessary. Thank you for standing up for USA!
So, Senator Burr must now recuse himself as Chair of the committee. He has compromised himself by responding to WH request.
We American people demand an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia @SenateGOP  @HouseGOP conspirators. 
#TrumpRussia
YES please "follow the evidence wherever it leads" thank you. @FoxNews @FoxBusiness @IvankaTrump
for the public to have confidence in findings, they must be made by an independent prosecutor
#WeThePeople Demand an
#IndependentInvestigation
on @realDonaldTrump's #TrumpRussia Ties
Minus Sessions, Burr & Nunes
Well, that was a great big nothing. Not even a tap on the wrist to Burr. 
Try again, @SenatorCollins. You said absolutely nothing.
trump is a traitor. The GOP have the proof. They have blocked every attempt to Investigate. Ask yourself why.
ties to Russia?! I highly doubt this Investigation will be given a thorough and impartial search for the truth.
fake nrws
There is no way the GOP will be bipartisan. We've been paying attention for 8 years of complete partisanship by the GOP.
I trust you, but not weasels like Cotton. Independent commission please.
You're flying the wrong way in a tornado...#SpecialProsecutor #sp NOW! Please help rid us of this corrupt administration.
At this point we need an independant investigation. #russiagate Not sure who to trust anymore. Liberties are peeling away.
I notice you just mention Russian meddling. You are on the Intel Committee and your unaware of Traitor trumps financial
sorry senator we do not trust you all. Independent commission now
That statement is vague. Are you demanding a bi partisan select committee and for Sessions to recuse himself in all matters?
The collusion, corruption and cover-up is clearly far reaching. Many of your colleagues are being paid or blackmailed.
Thank you. Sounds like you love your country over party. If nothing to hide we can start to heal together, as Americans.
Thanks but we want an independent investigation with a special prosecutor.
#SpecialProsecutor
You have demonstrated integrity but your colleagues have not - it must be an independent investigation
Senator Burr is now complicit and cannot be trusted.
Weak sauce
please do something. Destroying country schools PBS water air women's equality - racism, xenophobic, anti Semitic, Bannon
independent commission
Your statement says nothing about likely illegal efforts to cover up Russian connections. It's too late-Need Ind. Commission
Agreed. Stick to the truth.
I sure hope you're right about the bipartisan bit. we're counting on you to tell us the truth.
I'm sorry Senator, but I believe there is too much politics and is time for an Independent Commission
The American majority will not accept the results of the report unless it's generated from an independent investigation.
hope u will actually live up to those words... when u find the evidence of a Russian connection-  IMPEACH SCROTUS #scrotus
Thank you. This is not a partisan issue. This is an issue with our national integrity. Please pursue this fully.
This is a clown show #FakeNews There is no good faith in the Senate Dems - Bipartisanship = #FoolsErrand
I see that you have jumped on board the #MSM misinformation train to bad being a US Senator course you never liked @POTUS
such a great leader. While I'm not a R, I appreciate your commitment to transparency. Thank you mam!
Anything but an ind commission is an insult to the American people - from a workload and a bias perspective - hand it over.
Please dig deeper here. How many more flags are needed before an Independent review is warranted? Bias too big.
it has to be completed by an INDEPENDENT committee. Marco Rubio and Jeff Sessions can't be involved.
Independent investigation is necessary. Please support.
Statement is a big  Zero. The only honorable thing to do is have an Independent Commission.  This is too little, too late.
Yes.  That means that none of your committee members prematurely decide there's nothing there, before any investigation.
Dig into this, please, Senator.
Try it again..Independent Commission. Are you involved in the Trump activities?
Nope Nope Nope. Be the "Maverick" that everyone is saying you are and get an Independent, Bipartisan Commission to do ti.
Sorry, Senator, that horse has left the stables. Time to appoint an Independent Commission - too many Congressional biases.
Were this Hillary, you'd be losing your very mind and a 'bi-partisan' inquiry would be out of the question.
You're a politician so one expects a certain amount of hypocrisy. But now is not the time.
