This congress will forever be remembered for the work they are doing to destroy our country. Your descendants will be shamed
What will it take for you to stand up to the monster Donald Trump? The children of Maine will hold you responsible.
Please insure that Mainers have  health care. The ACA working well for us and our kids. Improve - NO REPEAL
please don't take my health care away I have 3 small children and a wife with cancer
is it funny my wife has cancer?
I'm self employed as well my premiums have gone down deductible down choice up your point?
I was paying 1500 mth w 15k ded. Now 800 with 4 k ded plus dental incl
Please save our children & vote NO on DeVos! She will destroy our schools! Totally unqualified! #DeVosHearing #NoDeVos
please block the nomination of Ms De Vos as education secretary
DUN KNOW HOW TO REACT TO THAT NEWS APPARENTLY SUE!?
No tweet extolling virtues of Sessions! Stand up to the men in your party do the right thing! Support minorities in the USA
actually you are promoting the downfall of our democracy. No thanks
Please don't vote for Tillerson. Between his Russian and big oil/gas connections,
He would not represent the people. Swampy!
How can you support a man that thinks its okay to grab a woman by her pussy - asking for all my female friends?
you have stood by voting in illegitimate cabinet members, in 2020 we will vote you out. #resistcollins #ResistTrump
I have been a public school teacher for 30 years. My heart breaks thinking of an unqualified Betsy DeVos leading us. Please!
Well, honey, it is not gonna be peaceful as long as these lying traitors are in and people like you are defending them.
I got some students to call you.  I hope you do the right thing #dumpDeVos
it should have been a national day of mourning
We need real Repubicans to stand up to this monster that was elected. Please be a true patriot and stand for what is right.
Ur plan, to allow states to chose to stay with the ACA or not, is lame. Stand up for those who rely on the ACA!!
this was terrifying. Please support the people of Maine not  GOP. Icrossed party lines to vote for you, please do the same.
I am one of the millions who want to see Trumps tax returns.
should know we are a Constitutional REPUBLIC, not a democracy. But as a RINO she follows the Democrat playbook.
why have you not publicly criticized the Muslim ban as have Senators McCain and Graham ????
where were you when 25k Mainers were @ the Women's March in DC &ME. You don't protect women. Shameful.
How can you justify taking health care away from 30 million people. How many people will your repeal of the ACA kill?
I am a Dem, but honestly, why weren't you the GOP nominee?   Thanks for trying to find a solution http://www.stltoday.com/business/local/republican-senators-calls-trump-s-obamacare-order-confusing/article_639a835e-3631-523d-8b3b-8c9b3dcc8b95.html …
could you please ask Donnie to release his tax returns? The American people want to know how much our country costs
Repealing Obamacare will reduce my Medicare benefits. You just lost my vote that you had before as my senator.
Those who don't believe in science, should not hold public office. It's too dangerous a world not to. Reconsider Trump.
I'm hoping you got the message yesterday... Please stand up to Trump..
you call yourself bipartisan but always vote radical right. Mainers need to know that you're not their friend.
A dark day. Saturday's bigger worldwide rallies way more impressive & meaningful.
And the Breitbart (author Bannon?) inaugural address was revolting & intimidating.
.@SenatorCollins You saw what happened today at CIA and WH presser and reviewed EO on ACA. Chaos in action.Put brakes on it before too late
Thank Sen. Collins for being there.  May God bless you and guide you in your future service.
.@SenatorCollins You can make a huge difference in the Senate if you choose to do the right thing. History will remember.
the woman's march was earth shattering today!! All over the world  yes the  to bad you had nothing to do with it #GET OUT
Were you there for the Women's March today, Senator Collins?
would have loved to have seen you show the same support to the 20k plus women in Maine. We aren't going anywhere. #1461
How proud are you of the delusional attacks his administration is already making about crowd size?
listen to the women and men marching and asking for your help.Represent us as we elected you. Don't let Devos and others in.
please think about who u support for cabinet position.The education nomination will be harmful to your home state education

I think you meant to say 48th Senator.
Saw your entrance at the inauguration; you're amazingly dedicated!
Shame on you Senator. I have completely lost faith in you! (A disgusted Mainer)
I watched every minute of it twice, it was so awesome. The same can't be said for confirmation hearings, which closely resemble inquisitions
This is an interesting take on that "hallmark'
Today is a day filled with chatter about how the system works. It’s false. The system has failed. https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/an-inaugural-celebration-that-rings-hollow/513902/ …
please do all you can to make sure people have access to healthcare.
now please stand up to the hate and remember your fellow Maine people back at home who need you to have our backs.
Thank you for representing Mainers.  Please don't bow to the left-wing bullies!
shame
and you rocked you boot cast and that smile you always have!
Thank you Attending !! @SenWarren  @SenMarkey @RepJoeKennedy  classy !! Thank you !!
thank you for going and supporting the democracy that this country stands for! 
You continue to embarrass your constituents.
Trump is the embarrassment, Admire Sen Collins http://www.stltoday.com/business/local/republican-senators-calls-trump-s-obamacare-order-confusing/article_639a835e-3631-523d-8b3b-8c9b3dcc8b95.html …
I supported her up until she started playing politics with bad cabinet noms.
I fear a government of the billionaires, by the billionaires, for the billionaires.  I hope it won't be.
#Sessionshearing He is not good for all Americans #dotherightthing for once!!!
During the election you expressed displeasure with Trump. Will you hold him to the ethical standards we deserve?
I am concerned about our President flaunting his decision not to divest and Chaffetz providing cover.   Shameful for GOP.
thank you for supporting our New President..
very disappointed in you for supporting this con man. I hope you are swept from office in the mid terms.
I see you go against the beliefs of your constituents. You should have put equal rights before politics.
How can you support a bigot
Thank you for attending.  Am so ashamed of Pingree
This is...not right.
