Fryeburg fair is the best!
Speak the truth! I know you won't let America down,  Senator Collins!
As an Independent Voter, I wish more from the @GOP would stand up for our country and her people than to see what the world now sees. *sigh*
Please help us impeach Trump!
You're a pretty great gal...for a Republican #YouHaveCourage #priciples #brains #heart
The senate need your presence, Sen. Collins
Need to work on health care for citizens of Maine.
Turncoat.

This is who the "resistance" consider their "go to" Senators! 
We cannot allow millions of kids to lose access to basic health care! Please, #ExtendCHIP .
Potus is terrifying US Senator. Please protect US.
Senator Collins, my favorite Republican! (I’m a Democrat) Thanks again for your courage to save affordable healthcare!
It takes a lot of courage to do what’s right when your party has gone astray. Lead them back to the light  Senator! 
Thank God you are doing something, you certainly do nothing at your job
Please do not leave Congress!  We need you!  There need to be more moderates.  You cannot let the Trumpians and the Russians ruin the GOP! 
Senator, please stay in the Senate. We need your strength against trump and his evil crew. The country needs you now more than ever.
https://twitter.com/jbendery/status/914515727704580096 … @SenJohnMcCain @SenBobCorker @lisamurkowski @GOP @JeffFlake
"People have been told to register via internet for FEMA relief when we don't have any internet," Mayor Cruz says.

That... seems a problem.
Please run again. We need you more than ever.
Please don't run for Gov.  We need your NO votes on healthcare as long as Trump is still President.
Please stay in the Senate. USA needs more leaders such as yourself who are willing to part w/their party to do what's best for our country.
What about DACA?
Voting u out next election Maine republicans despise you
Collins please put a "D" next to your name and quit masquerading as a Republican, uphold your promises! @POTUS
Try doing your job and serving ALL people of Maine,  not just the ones who write you big campaign checks.  Grow a conscience.
Greetings from Budapest, Hungary!
I 3 $.?6u65@
Great Senator in such difficult times
Great picture! You both look very happy. I don't live in Maine, but I am always happy to see smiling faces and happy couples these days
Glad you has fun. Meanwhile back in DC....
Vote Lisa out of office 2018
Wish I had been there!
Americans SICK of primadonna politicians fighting prez @realDonaldTrump agenda. Your kind are bad for America & the reason Trump won.
Stay there have a great time and get lost , Rino
You have so much fun. It makes me want to vacation in Maine.
Love you smart Lady from Maine. Keep up the good work.
Probably a lot of people skipped as no longer in family budgets with sky high ACA rates! But glad to see Senator Collins had fun
Agree. So please vote with the Republican Party and make it a really great day!
Democrat here.... you stopped the insane in Congress, we love you!
Ditto
Does he have good healthcare? Most of us don't thanks partly to you.
Obstructionist. Drain the swamp. That means you.
Please don't run for governor -- we need you in the Senate.
You'll do more for Maine and for the country in the Senate.
Maybe you could open a rino booth at the fair so the other fake Republicans could hang out with you.
Pass #repealobamacare and #TaxReform
Good Sunday, Thank You for sharing on TWITTER,  your husband (soulmate)  @SenatorCollins of MAINE
You deserve a good time ! NICE!
This year you went there as a hero who helped save Medicaid and 10s of millions of lives. KUDOS!!
What a great picture of you & Tom!! I'm glad you had a fun time at the fair!!
Beautiful fall day
No doubt he has your great healthcare plan and not #Obamacare

I still remember my visit to the fair in 1989--my first trip to New England.  Loved it!
I bet people are still thanking you for voting to NOT take away their insurance! Where are you on budget cuts to Medicaid & Medicare???
Wish you had a good time serving the people. Why don't you actually tell your constituents the truth. Democrat in sheeps clothing.
Please don't forget about women and children. THE disabled and seniors. Thanks for Your service as Senator. All women are WONDER Women.
#EpicFail on the part of your parents, when it comes to teaching you "respect for others."
Not a other, Lying politician. She like Rodney Dangerfield, deserves no respect.
Your voice is strong, <but> we need stronger. Trump et al is a danger to our country, the world. #25thamendment
Thanks for bringing back the “Freak Show” to the #FryeburgFair Senator Collins!
Stay strong, Sen  Collins.
PLEASE do not confirm Brian Benczkowski - completely unqualified for Mueller's old job & has Russian ties. Makes USA weaker.

Where was the same outrage when BarryO was in charge? Purposely ignoring it all while incessantly Bum Kissing Hillary/BarryO/Moochelle!
25th Amendment
Keep standing up for America Ma’am.  #countryoverparty
