pls speak out against Trump's speech at BoyScouts and please vote no on Trumpcare.
Why are you scared of spreading the truth among our youth
Spreading truth is not a problem, spreading propaganda and rhetoric...NO!
disrespectful to all the boy scouts that have minds of their own (bigger than yours no doubt) and can reason on their own
Those bigger minds can ignore your opinion. Many of their parents wouldn't agree with you and have said his speech was inappropriate.
40,000 minds that can think for themselves
40,000 minds that included parents that said his speech was inappropriate for the Boy Scouts.
I hope you will vote to proceed with debate on #RepealAndReplace!
Vote no on healthcare bill today! Most Americans want to fix Obamacare! Thank you!
Haha!  Maybe in California NOT the rest of USA.  Way past time to #RepealObamacare
We can fix it. We can't afford to lose pre-existing conditions and life time caps but we can fix it. We have a good base.
The government should have never been involved in healthcare!  Look at what they did to VA.  My premiums have gone up 400% since Obamacare.
What would they have gone up without Obamacare? The gov't didn't raise your premiums, Insurance companies did.
Regulations drive up cost & when you limit competition cost go up.  This is  economics 101.
Regardless - Trump promised us BETTER than Obamacare:
Vote to Repeal or face the voters! You should retire anyway. We need a new warrior for the TAXPAYERS!
Vote NO ON HEALTHCARE BILL TODAY! Keep OBAMACARE. Thank you! This is exactly what most Americans want!
Most mooches want it. Most Americans are not mooches.
So kill the people who can't work due to lung disease? Other diseases! I am for those people! People who can't get a job? Disabled?
You're for the able bodied mooches. Disabled have always been covered. .
I'm for ALL AMERICAIN people!
Obamacare is not for all Americans. You favor it. So you are NOT for all Americans.
ObamaCare is a mess
Thank you for your no vote today. I'm grateful that there is at least one Republican who doesn't want to kill us.
You're embarrassing. #FatShaming
We the People, will vote out all Republican Rino Traitor.
So many of them that have done NOTHING for us will soon be out of a job. Hope they saved some of the money they have taken under the table.
.@SenatorCollins PLEASE STOP THIS BILL!! The American ppl have been very clear WE DO NOT WANT REPEAL OF ACA!! It WILL DESTROY LIVES!!
Vote no to healthcare bill today! Most Americans want to keep and fix Obamacare! Thank you!
Republicans WON, because of a very important promise.  Repeal the #Obamacare DISASTER ... like you PROMISED THE VOTERS!
History
Tic Tac Toe three Marxists in a row.
And you are a mean girl!! And teachers should not associate with you.
I'm glad my senator doesn't make fun of fat people
Which one is fattest and ugliest? The battle ax in the middle
You must honor your commitment to repeal Obamacare you run on it separate yourself from the Dems or face the voters anger b ready 2b replace
Susan Collins is a liar and just said what she wanted people to hear. Her views are socialist as well.
Susan Collins is principled and fair. She represents the integrity that the GOP used to have.
The promise by Trump: "We will repeal & replace w/ a great plan. Everyone covered, lower premiums and better coverage" It was a LIE.
This was JUST a vote to do exactly that.ie debate it, come up with a bill. Susan Collins was for Obama CARE as it is now.
You really think given the bills we have seen that we are going to get what Trump promised? That is an insane amount of delusion.
I can tell that you just feel really uncomfortable being photographed with people who are not models
Thank you for voting NO.
Do your job
A wolf in sheep's clothing, claims to be Republican but votes with the Dems always, then hides in rhetoric, zero integrity!
Called the REP Ugly did you?
Sooooo you were caught on a hot mic? Epic
You're a Democrat in Republican clothing VOTE FOR REPEAL OR YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT!
Please End Obamacare! for the Law is destroying Middle Class Wealth!
Thank you, Senator Collins, for all the leadership!
Repeal the great lie proclaimed to Americans called Obama"care"! 
Please vote against any repeal of healthcare. We need public hearings, not private votes.
Voting action in congress is public,not private. You're welcome.^^
The contents of the bill in which they were voting on today was private not public. You're welcome.
You turncoat tweet monkeys are sickening af. That goes for you especially Senator Collins. Thanks for nothing traitorous b***h
@SenatorCollins is really a Dem she supports @PPact and its abominations #DefundPP #PPSellsBabyParts #voteherout
She's a typical turncoat
You have to become a team player today! A maverick/obstructionist is unconscionable and unacceptable. You will own Obamacare, a LOSER!
Vote no to healthcare bill today! Most Americans want to keep and fix Obamacare! Thank you!
Wrong it's socialized medicine! Socialism doesn't work nor did it ever work in the history of the world
Vote no to healthcare bill today! Most Americans want to keep and fix Obamacare! Thank you!
The only ppl who are enjoying OC are very low income ppl and they can still apply for medical.High premiums are killing us the middle class
Vote no to healthcare bill today! Most Americans want to keep and fix Obamacare! Thank you!
Obamacare disaster is not fixable.
Your clear enjoyment of representing your state, and your love of your constituents, serves as an example to your colleagues.
@SenatorCollins I grew up in Maine. Your constant faithfulness to your constituents inspires others. Thank you so much.
SubhanAllah Great Teachers rock our world literally kinder garden rocking chair
You're a hero. Thank you for standing up to the party bosses and siding with the elderly, the disabled and the poor.
TRY NJ teachers where the average property tax is 60 percent of a home owners bill...Ya ever thought of that lady?
thank you for being a decent human.
You rock Susan....nuthin bettah than having AUTHENTIC CHARACTER!
Thank you for your vote today Senator!
Wow. I didn't realize how much Susan Collins looks like Elmira Gulch. I wonder if she turns into a witch. With a B.
You voted "no" on motion to proceed with debate on health care?   You basically like ACA as is .  You are a RINO or Just staunch anti trump
I call her just a stupid woman :-)
Please work on health care
You need to look in a mirror... HATE SPEECH.....Hypocrite
Thank you for your vote today.
your on your way out, the people will rise and vote your crazy butt out, your stroke has affected your brain
its time to start a movement to vote this ole hag out, her brain is dwad from her stroke, VOTE HER OUT PEOPLE
Enjoy your last 5 min in Senate. Your recent actions get you voted out!
You do nothing but obstruct. U voted no on Obamacare and now vote no to debate it? WTF.
Thank you for ur vote today. Nice to see someone who puts country over party for once!
You need to be taken out of budget.
Not nice Senator, not nice!
Sen Susan Collins,U R'nt a republican. U R a traitor just like Obama & Dems. U won't budge, but U don't have 1 idea 2 fix OC & U had 7+yr
We will vote you out for mocking POTUS fat ladies humming
Looking forward to voting you out of office next election. Please change affiliation to "Democrat"
thank you for voting NO today. #SaveTheACA
Just heard the hot mic. Yeah we're "worried" too. Keep showing which political side you're on and you'll face a recall and primary.
@VP BROKE THE TIE After 2 #GOP #Traitors Sided with #democRATS! http://truthfeed.com/pence-just-broke-the-tie-after-these-2-gop-traitors-sided-with-democrats/94896/ …

@SenatorCollins #Maine

@lisamurkowski  #Alaska
Disgrace, you should have obamadiscare for health insurance!
Caught your hot mic moment, real class!  You've evidently avoided mirrors for a long time!
You have to love these conservatives who say they love GOD lol what GOD are they serving Capitalism
Tired of Rhinos who care about themselves & not the people. You're a SERVANT of the USA, not an overlord. Quit if this is not your intent.
I love the way you put the people of Maine over your party!!! You are an American hero your patriotism is worn proudly on your sleeve.
I guess you'll photo op with anybody as long as they are not "plus sized"?
I knew you really sympathized w the Communist Democrats. Proved it today w your 'hot mic'. Hopefully u can be replaced in the Primary.
My wife and I paid $1500 fine last year for not having Obamacare. Drain the swamp Trump, start with Sue! ByeSue,  you deserve to be gone!
Sen. Susan Collins is NO Republican...
DID YOU LOOK AT YOU'RE MIRROR? YOU'RE NO RAVING BEAUTY

Tell your residents if they can't support themselves, they can't have babies!
RINO!!!
#DrainTheSwamp
#TermLimits apply here
@VP BROKE THE TIE After 2 #GOP #Traitors Sided with #democRATS! http://truthfeed.com/pence-just-broke-the-tie-after-these-2-gop-traitors-sided-with-democrats/94896/ …

@SenatorCollins #Maine

@lisamurkowski  #Alaska
I guess it wasn't surprising for me to hear that a vagina Hat Wearing rino would be mocking our president and siding with a DemonRAT, Loser!
You voted NO! We will vote NO for you Susan come election time. MAGA!!!!!!
Wow caught on a hot Mic today insulting a colleague and the President I'm ashamed of you
Thank you for standing tough again today.  You are a hero to many of us regardless of party.
We need to vote out Susan!
Thank you for standing up for the ACA today!
Rep Farenthold has a problem with strong women
thank you & @lisamurkowski for standing up & saying NO today...not one GOP male Senator had the balls to stand up & fight for families#2018
millions will lose healthcare if the ACA is repealed, not to mention jobs lost...fight to fix the ACA
You sold out to the liberals and unions. We are ashamed you claim to be a republican
THANK YOU for voting against the motion to proceed on healthcare!! THANK YOU for putting your constituents first! We won't forget!
Funny how you don't tweet to stand up for your No vote
Making in fun of a Republican colleague? Just leave the party now.
Sounds like you do TOO much talking. Probably eating your words now!

Did you also call them fat and unattractive? Nice going.
Do nothing Collins, votes No to actual work for the people of Maine.
Good job today you democrat. People will remember how you back stabbed your own party.
Two face Collins
This women is disgusting and heartless her state ME is a deplorable state with unemployment and addicts and she careless about them POS
You're not even A republican. Oops my bad. Where you live I suppose they think you are.
You were a great disappointment to those who need a new ahc bill.  You refuse everything!
I don't understand why you support all this high medicade spending???
You know, you really should look in the mirror first before you call someone unattractive. I think the word for this is bullying!
Collins is a TRAITOR like THE ROSENBERGS for backstabbing our president who is giving his life to getting the USA out of COLLAPSE from OBAMA
Americans support your vote today--thank you!
You voted no to discuss Health Care? Unconscionable and unacceptable! You were elected to govern? Disgraceful
And begin impeachment proceedings for obstruction of justice.
Please reinstate Office of Independent Counsel.  In your heart, you know this country is in trouble with Trump.  We need Congress to step up
Why did you vote NO on repealing Obamacare?  #Traitor #RINO
We will vote you out of office upon next election so you can go and join Obama.
Are you just looking for publicity? Your not anywhere near being objective, get out of politics.
I don't like BS job u r doing. Today u voted NO in an effort to cont to force me to have beyond crap insurance. Leave the country.
Traitor. Child killer. Your vote will kill hundreds of childern. Happy?
Really? After voting to strip childern of health care you have the guts to talk like that. Shame on you. Hope they vote you out traitor.
Thank you for voting your conscience. Bravo!
I know who you remind me of - the wicked stepmother in the original Cinderella! After hearing you gossip about another Sen., that sold me.
Thank you for your no vote.  That was really decent of you and speaks well of your strength.  You're a hero.
You should be ashamed and embarrassed. #brokenpromise
Collins mocking our President on an open mic  proves she doesn't represent our party any longer. Everyone, vote accordingly. #VoteHerOut
You have sealed your fate  for future elections, Maine vote her out!
so disappointed !!!
Thanks for UR NO vote today!  Its nice to see at least 2 GOPs w/ some  balls!  This is what leadership looks like!
You're a fraud. Need to vote you out of office.
Traitor ! You lied to get elected then betrayed all Americans. Recall her ME. Easy to see the swamp people now . Drain them
Repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal Obamacare
Repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal Obamacare!
Gotta love those hot mics.
Thank you for voting No! Your vote is going to help save healthcare for Mainers and Americans! Stay strong and vote no on the final bill! 
Are you that happy with Obamacare?
You should be held responsible for what it does to the middle class working people of America.
senator, you're so pretty, young and you don't shake at all!
Hey @seanhannity, make sure you cover this freak Collins calling rep farenthold fat, huge and unattractive. @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods
America  voted for Trump and his agenda. you are interfering in the agenda with your NO. VOTE U R in the wrong party.
Good thing they aren't as fat as @farenthold . They are about as attractive. What say you, Senator?
American people voted for Trump and his agenda. you are interfering in the agenda with your NO. VOTE U R in the wrong party.
This looker collins called rep Blake fat, huge and unattractive. Its like Whoopi Goldberg calling others ugly. Lmao. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you, Senator. #CountryOverParty
Rino.
Republican voters will now work on making sure you arent reelected. A no vote on repealing obamacare will cost you your job.
@SenatorCollins 
You're actions today will not be forgot.  
#RINO #AmericaFirst #MAGA
You all better get with it we voted Trump in your days are playing are over
Health Care so important to American People & these two IDIOTS vote no to debate. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) & Susan Collins (R-ME) DON'T FORGET.
These two woman are from other states we must help get the word out and HAVE THEM VOTED OUT THEY DONT CARE AMERICA VOTED IN NOV TO REPEAL
you're pretty unattractive actually comparable to an old hag
Susan Collins is not honest. "Here’s The Real Reason Susan Collins Betrayed American Children"
Sen Collins obviously you've forgotten the story of the 'pot calling the kettle black'!
You have just signed your "vote out" papers,won't ever say yes to a debate about health care? You are not what Maine needs to fight for us.
You have voted against AGAINST the Americans. We cannot bear the weight of Obamacare any longer! We will VOTE YOU OUT and you go buy Ocare!
Thank you for standing firm as one of the two GOP senators who cares about the welfare of Americans.
keep licking the democrats boots when election time rolls around they will vote for the democrat and republicans will remember you ms.piggy
I really admire your virtuosity and courage in these dark times. Thank you for standing up against your cowardly/maniacal party.
Thank you for your #VoteNoMTP
You have lost it sister!
You are a very poor example of a Senator. I wonder what kind of slander comes out of your mouth while not mic'd up. Thanks.
You are so far left.. RINO
@lisamurkowski &Collins SHAME On U 4Lying @GOP voters! U promised 2repel ocare. Your WORD is WORTHLESS! @SenateGOP  @SenateMajLdr @LouDobbs
Thank you Senator Collins for staying strong with a no vote on the MTP!
Thank you for your courageous vote today. This means a lot to everyone all over the country.
I applaud your bravery!
THANK YOU for having a heart during these heartless proceedings. When did the GOP get so mean and selfish?

#wealthcare
Stop with pre-existing, that's democrats talking. You have no idea whats going to be in Bill. They added in  Cruz amend  And Lee amendment.

#bullying
you have taught manytoday about bravery
Say bye bye, you work for the ppl, The ppl wanted a yes on healthcare, you sided with corrupt dems... maybe ypu can get job with them.
Me thinks thou doth think too highly of thyself.
Thank you for your NO vote, Senator Collins!
http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-25-hot-mic-senator-collins-makes-fun-of-reps-unbelievable-weight/ …
Oh my, @SenatorCollins is one of those that belittles others based on their personal appearances...
Thank you Senator for your No vote on MTP
