Thank you Senator http://Collins.You 're showing your colleagues how to stand tough under pressure and DO WHATS RIGHT for the people
Except now Anthem insurance has left Maine.  Now the real pressure is happening but Senator Collins has her own insurance!  Pathogens grow.
Rather than fixing ACA this president & the rep party have done everything to ensure its failure. Holding them responsible for anthem exit
Please run for town council in Maine and get the Hell out of the senate now, Ms. RINO. Thank You...and take McCain with you
Thank you Mrs Collins for your “ No” vote. - a very concerned mom w/ a son who has a chronic illness(CF) #hatecf
https://scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/22008191_1579342698754473_7062120905044661292_n.jpg?oh=3d61d2125d332b721017dc043c8cd3f3&oe=5A4605F8 …
Thank you for being STRONG! #CalifornianForYou
Thank you for standing on principle!
Susan Collins has no principles and she darn sure won't be the next governor. Kay Bailey Hutchinson tried that one.
She was willing to vote against dismantling the ACA, despite significant pressure from her party. I want Wendy Davis to be your governor.
It is an oxymoron to be a Christian & for abortion! You can't be both! You just cannot! Does not compute! So you are a fake & a liar.
Thank you YET again, hero!
Why don't u change parties?
Yes Susan, you are as old as most of the democrats, you would fit right in. You LIE like them too! Everyone knows you are really a democrat.
And your anawer...https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/10/01/personal-lessons-learned-americas-healthcare-system/ …
Avalere? Before founding Avalere,Mendelson served as assoc director for health @ White House Office of Mgt & Budget during the Clinton admin
If you want Democrats to help craft health legislation the best way is to repeal the ACA. That would force them to the table. Or exit GOP.
whens the last time you stood at start of day #pledge, senators that are not present for pledge should not vote that day, #ShowUpForPledge
What insurance is available in Maine since Anthem is gone now?  Do you care for the people of Maine? #maga
Thank you for your courage and integrity, @SenatorCollins.
No more Anthem insurance, now what does Maine have left.  Senator Collins has her insurance- She doesn't care.
here you go. enrollment should be open soon. your senator is working to make things better.
Here you go, here's a fact.  http://News.google.com  for Anthem Maine.  It is sickening!!
Thank you for sticking to what is right
You are amazing
Yes, an amazing LIAR!
Thank you, Senator, for doing the right thing for your constituents and helping to #KillTheBill
Now that Anthem has pulled out of Maine, the trend does not look good for people needing insurance.  Pathetic!  Bring on the pathogens now.
Very sad
are you keeping us on obamacare because you have an illegal sweetheart subsidy? cut the subsidy & buy it like those on ocare & then preach
THANK YOU for doing the right thing for people!!!!!
Thank you Sen Collins for your compassion. It's lacking in the Republican party. You are a shining light. This dem would vote for you.
See, I told you its the democrats that are telling you 'good job', I would vote for you. They know you are a Democrat claiming to be Rep.
Thank-you once again for putting country over party. 
She means thank you for putting the people who want a free ride over everyone else. The Freeloaders who don't want to work for what they get
to those who think she is helping, what exactly do you like that she is saving? higher cost, longer waits, forced participation, lack of doc
Thank you for putting your constituents above your party. You're the kind of Republican we need.
NO, she is really a democrat. RINO, liar, ran on repealing and now she won't.
Smoke & mirrors millions pay far more than their families can afford for ACA taking over 25% from family food & clothe budgets because of U
ACA millions and millions pay far more than their families can afford and hundreds of thousands can't afford at all yet Sen Collins can
Some movement is better than none.  Since you will not work with other senators, I will support anyone running against you.
Don't just complain and object, get involved and either fix it or move forward and edit later. Get on the right side it's why we voted u in
U r no conservative u want big Gov u think this mess Obama care is working!? Shame on u! you are out in 2020 sadly u have done so much dmg
Everyone who is thanking you is a liberal democrat! You are a RINO and you don't care how much you hurt this country or GOP! What a traitor!
Thank you @SenatorCollins for having the courage to stand up for the 23,000,000+ people who would lose coverage under this evil bill
So will obamacare. Which u kept in place -
"Under Maine’s guaranteed renewal law, current individual members will be able to renew their health plan in 2018. HOWEVER...
Now you have to stop Trump admin from halting Cost Sharing Reduction payments.
It makes sense to reject the #GrahamCassidy #HealthCareBill #ACA #Obamacare #Obamacarerepeal #Medicaid #Medicare #healthcare
Thank u for saving Obamacare Senator Collins u will be remembered forever as the champion of Obamacare. Thank u!
Funny how you promised to Repeal and replace Obamacare this last election.Yet you voted twice now http://against.it.How  does that work?
My question to you: What have you done to help support the repeal and replace effort? My bet: very little. Sad.
Thank you for looking out for us
Thank you for having the courage to put country over party. You deserve the entire nation's gratitude for doing what's morally right, not politically advantageous.
Obamacare
Why don't you become a democratic
You are my hero today. Along with @SenJohnMcCain who’s always a hero. 
Enjoy your great ins. That we pay for , and we will will be paying for it as long as you live.  Thanks !
And this garbage I'd better???
You're my hero Sen. Collins 
You are the true heroine of this fight, Senator Collins!
Is it true that Blue Cross is a major donor to your campaign?
Your reasoning..that Democrats made errors and you don't want to repeat them doesn't make sense. Dems failed us, so why go to them for help

So what will "NO" healthcare do for Maine?
Then why does Gov. LePage support it?
Senator, have you ever thought about running for president? This liberal finds a lot she likes in you.
Thanks to Senator Collins for her courage and her care for her constituents
Do what is good for the country for a change,, PLEASE!
THANK YOU for putting people over party and opposing it!
On the whole USofA. Thanks for helping to stop it. It's terrible. Bipartisan ACA fix needs to happen.
Did you compare the repeal to the imploding obamacare? I think NOT! You failed The American People.
U and the republican traitors r pathetic. U never Trumpers will not succeed and will b shown the door in the next election.
Like that matters what abou Ocare isnt it devestating on the american people #VoteHerOut #FakeRepublican #RepealAndReplace
When are you going to announce that you are now a Democrat. You do nothing to help your Republican team
This is shameful!
Thank you for doing what was best for our country, not just party. You didn't wait 4 others to say no so you wouldn't have to. I respect U!
Thank you for not supporting it! <3
Thank you for killing this dangerous bill! I breathed quite a few sighs of relief yesterday. THANK YOU on behalf of my family
Enjoy your short term as a US Senator  we will be replacing you !!
The world is watching and all Republicans including your voters are not understanding why you're not cooperating and voting the way u should
Democrats all vote together no regardless of what they really believe let's not be like them they are all followers Be a leader
Sue  you need to start working you're embarrassing the Republicans your making  us look like these idiots  do the right thing
Since you oppose the bill do you have a better idea because ACA needs to be replaced
Despicable
THANK YOU.
Just admit it Senator...
1. You're actually a democrat who only pretends to care about USA
2. You hate Trump & oppose ANYTHING he proposes
Maine must have a huge population on Medicaid.
Please #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
I have no respect for you.  Two times you stopped repeal and replace.  You put politics in front of promises made to americans.  Worthless
Thank you for waiting for the score and being thoughtful. Please continue to work to resolve issues with the ACA. It is worth fixing.
Thanks for putting the screws to Americans. You need to brush up your resume' for the job you'll need after the election next November!
ObamaCare collapsing while the obstructionists gloat is not a victory for Maine or the USA!!
Thank god there's someone who is smart enough to realize this healthcare plan was not the right plan
Thank you Senator Collins! Maine and the rest of us appreciate your wisdom. Viva Maine Coon Cats!
Thank you for standing up and saying "NO"! Please push GOP 2 work with Dems to fix ACA. Don't allow administration & HSS 2 sabotage the law!
*HHS #DoNotTweetBeforeCaffeine
Thank you! What’s devastating for Maine is devastating for America.
Are these specialists the same ones that said Ocare would bring down costs?
Give it back to the American people!! Keep your nose out of our health care!!
We will be voting U out. You are a horrible Senator and a Fake Republican. RINO. You offer no solutions only objections
Hey Jitterbug, instead of just being a recidivist neigh sayer, why don't you come up with a Repeal & Replace Bill?
You lie !
Thank you for being brave!
thank you for your steadfast support of the american people as well as your constituents! :)
Thank you again Senator Collins. Your bravery and steadfast response under intense pressure is astounding.But you stick to your core values
Says the Marxist Democrat whose entire purpose in life is to claim she's a Republican,in order to screw over anyone who voted for the @GOP
You are delusional. Voting across the aisle is something every congressman should be doing. Disgraceful that she is the only one who does
Says the Marxist Crackpot Democrat,so intellectually vapid he has to Lie & call himself conservative to be taken seriously-GET A LIFE LOSER!
When are you going to change that (R) to a (D)? You love ObamaCare, think it's GREAT & want to "fix it" but haven't laid out plan to do so??
Are these "billions of dollars lost" Federal dollars? Aren't you, as a Republican, supposed to do just that? You know, cut Federal spending?
It's VERY OBVIOUS that you were looking for ANY REASON at all to announce your "No vote" for political survival reasons ONLY in BLUE Maine!
Thank you senator!!
Thank you for caring about ALL of US AMERICANS. . . .⚘⚘⚘
Thank you! Thanks! You're awesome!
Thank you senator
Thank you from Illinois 
Thank you from WA state!  You had a lot of pressure on you and you did what was right for all Americans.  Cross the aisle, let's #FixACA
Thank you from NJ for doing what was best for the American people. A Senator with a soul is hard to come by. We are so very grateful for you
Wait until more ins co's leave the Mktplace.  Then what? Let it go off the cliff.  There are many better ways....find them!  It won't work.
Thank you for taking a firm stance against this!
Thank you, Senator Collins, for your  thoughtful, rational analysis of the (likely tragic) impact of this bill on millions. #Leadership
Thank you Senator for doing the right thing for your country. I do hope this paves the way to a good bipartisan bill. Thanks again.
We love you Ms. Collins
Thank you, Senator, for considering the American people!
.@SenatorCollins Thank you again for standing up for the American people! Good to see a senator doing what she's elected for!
That's assuming the able bodied Maine freeloaders continue being dependent on the taxpayer. Ye, of so little Faith.
Thank you
Thank you, Senator. Grateful for your courage and principled leadership. The public will never forget the strength and empathy of your ways.
Thank you for doing the right thing yet again!
Thank you Senator.....very much.
Thank you from RI!
What is wrong with you?
The state of Maine, including the Governor wants Graham-Cassidy to pass.  Susan Collins does not care.
Thank you so much for protecting all Americans' healthcare by saying no to #grahamcassidy. We r grateful to you. #patriot #leadership #ACA
Thank you for your reasoned response. You saved a lot of lives.
...& rest of country as well, Senator Collins. Thank you for your courage 2 do right thing against all odds & party. #GOP #GrahamCassidy
Oh bullshit how about u put your own Cassidy Collins plan up I bet you wouldn’t vote for that either would u Democrat in Republican clothes
Thank You for doing your job, Senator. @SenToddYoung Todd, you have much to learn.  I doubt you are capable of it.
Thank you for caring about us--and your courage in going in a different direction.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for acknowledging the facts (unlike others) and voting against this horrible plan. God bless you, Senator Collins!
THANK YOU for steadfastly opposing attempts to repeal and replace the ACA. You put people before party. A true leader. Cheers!
Yes. Thank goodness you were willing to do the right thing
Thank you for caring about our contry+your integrity+honor, Senator. Whole country is grateful to you! #bipartisan #GrahamCassidy #ACA 
FAILED us on healthcare!  Sad! @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP
Here's an important issue @RepPoliquin
You did the right thing...  don't let the POTUS tell you otherwise.  Thank you a million times over.
Thank you, senator Collins
Thank you for voting against Graham Cassidy.
Thank you for all you do for the American ppl.
God bless you.
Thank you Senator Collins
Thank you for being sane.
Thank you for putting people first Sen. Collins.  You are on the right side of history.
Thank you for standing up for all!  You are a hero!
Thank you for killing this bill.
Thank you for protecting Americans with pre-existing conditions like CF from Cassidy Graham proposal by saying No!
Great congratulations from non-voters in the State of Maine.
Thank you for your care for Americans. We want the RIGHT healthcare. Do it Right! American over party!
Do the @GOP a big favor and retire.  Hold hands with @SenJohnMcCain and check into the nearest Assisted Living facility.
The Alabama GOP runoff election says you are wrong on healthcare and wrong for the USA!
As a Mainer, I thank you again, Senator!
Traitor
Thank you Senator for choosing to be on the right side of history
Thank you for your diligence, Senator Collins!
Thank you, Senator, you represented many people today across the nation.
We elected a true republican Senator Moore who will gladly advance Pres Trump's agenda! You are old news and not needed any longer!#MAGA
Thank you for saving American healthcare.
Thank you Senator Collins for your commitment to the country's welfare over short term gain to your party.
Thank you from NYC
You are brave and history will show you did the right thing!!!!
Thank you Senator Collins 
This country would be a much better place if more Republicans had your compassion.
Thank you for standing your ground and protecting the American people!
THANK YOU FOR SCREWING OUR FAMILY WITH #OBAMACARE
Wow thank you Susan Collins we love you
Notice all liberals are thanking you. Why don't you just become a democrat and be true to yourself?
Thank you @senatorcollins for standing strong for your Maine residents & the citizens of the entire US #PROTECTOURCARE
Thank you Senator Susan Collins for your support on Healthcare, now please fix ACA
Bless your heart Sen. Collings, this took real courage on your part.  I'm a Dem., but you have my respect.
Thank you for saving my healthcare and that of my family!
And now you have helped devastate American. Thanks Edith
Thank you for putting people before party! You model what it means to be a thoughtful citizen-focused politician.
Susan Collins, You Have More Integrity than Most of the GOP! Thank you for Being Brave Enough to Speak the Truth!
Good job Senator
Thank you SenatorCollins
Sen. Collins: thank you for your principled stand.
Oh SHUT UP you traitor. You offer NOTHING!  You do NOTHING! You stand for NOTHING, but the Democrats.
Outside of Maine we also appreciate your position.
Time for u Senator and all congress & their staff 2 enroll in  the lousy Obamacare plz President Trump take away their government Insurance
Thank you
Thank you!
Thanks for absolutely NOTHING!  We are now stuck with ObamaCare -- dismal!  Republicans NEVER come together.  You are completely INEFFECTUAL.  The DEMS will soon resume power because of RINOs such as you.  WORTHLESS, absolutely egregious that you would not support Graham-Cassidy!
Thank You Madam Senator for saying no to this bill. Most of the country will support a bipartisan bill, not the Graham-Cassidy scam.
Time for you to be honest and switch parties! Check Webster for definition of honest.
Thank you for voting no and taking care of your constituents in Maine & the people in the USA.
Maine is 1 of 50 you self-interested, narrow minded small person. Out of your league with Congresspersons who lead NATIONS 2 great things!
