Just become a Democrat already. 
Agreed
we'd love to have her, keep talking!
Again. Constituent comment count...
and fake acct count lol!
I AM a constituent 04086!
I don't know that we'd agree on a ton, but those were some strong ass responses lol Nice 
You might be surprised
Sen, please listen to the AMA (with 250,000 members) who are encouraging the Senate to "fix not replace Obamacare".
Both still relevant.
Nice job, Senator!  Way to stand up for the people!!
ACA is not in a death spiral but GOP is trying 2 kill it
The ACA Exchanges R a Mess & It’s Not Really Obama’s Fault
 https://www.google.ca/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/10/04/obamacare-exchanges/%3Fsource%3Ddam …
So Much For Obamacare's 'Death Spiral' As Insurers Look To Expand
thank you for standing with Maine
You are a hero,4 standing strong 2 #GOP men, No vote, but also your intellect & assertiveness n the investigations. I've been watching you.
It's clear Susan is losing her mental faculties, and is clear she's a bleeding heart Democrat.
That's how I feel about Democrats - your hatred of American values ruins the US. Why don't you go live w Trudeau in Canada?! #filth
You’d be perfect on CNN you would fit right in with their ideology. Just admit you don't oppose Obamacare. What a RINO.
Still a NO vote??  You're a sad and disappointing Rep...(RINO)

Thank you for taking a stand for women's health care (and men as well!).  Not in your party but I think you are awesome!
Check out the many positive comments from the left praising her. That tells you where her mindset is. RINO
I think @SenatorCollins deserves the shout out of respect here for deciding not to run again and not cave into leadership.Thank you fut gov!
You showed why you should not be re-elected.
She would probably get many votes from democrats.
. Just trying to get reelected. A GOP traitor surfaces in @SenatorCollins she doesn't represent women, she represents her self.
I think ur ready to take up that seat at @CNN ...enuff messing around just step down an go work for them.
SUSAN COLLINS IS NOT A REPUBLICAN SHE IS A SHAMEFUL PERSON A WOLF IN SHEEP SKINS! BENIDICT ARNOLD OF TODAY
Are you part of the Russian Soap Opera.  I am 1 of the 63 Russian agents that elected the President.
Thank you for shedding your skin and showing what you truly are. #MAGA #RepealObamacare #ByeFelicia
Stand fast. You are a beacon of humanity, decency and principle
#SenatorCollins shaky-head nut job. Poster child for #TermLimits call our @Potus crazy? Grab a mirror, lady. ps. ENROLL in Ocare, HYPOCRITE!

Please don't cave in to the pressure to approve a bad bill. Keep up the fight for the people.
Too bad you are not up for reelection so you could be voted out for lying over and over about  repealing Obamascare. You are a disgrace.
US fairground a makeshift hospital amid Obamacare  http://dailym.ai/2uZTyko  

OBAMA/RINOS/DEMS/COLLINS CREATE "3RD WORLD USA"!

maybe you should retire and get a job at CNN. That would just suit you. You could hang with Jake, Erin, Anderson and the rest
What exactly have you done to resolve any of these issues except vote no on healthcare and promote the biased investigation of POTUS?!
I bet you really enjoy opposing our president which means you oppose the Americans that voted for him & his promise to replace Obamacare.
Oh sure, go on that Fake News Network, RINO. REPEAL, REPEAL, REPEAL!!!
I'm glad you don't follow a group but look out for the people.  Thank you for your outspokenness. You have spunk.
You and Jake discuss a secret pact with the Liberals? You need to leave GOP
You will be replaced in the primaries! You VOTED to repeal before when it was a show vote! You cannot be trusted by your constituents.Bye
Why...CNN LIES..
you Sen  #susancollins are useless #mepolitics #Healthcare
Thank you for having a backbone and rejecting this inhumane healthcare bill/straight repeal for the RIGHT reasons!
Thank you for your principled stand, Senator!

Thank you for hurting the rest of the country by not voting for the healthcare bill, now you won't repeal it....you aren't thinking!!!
Thank you for being a voice of reason. Help your colleagues understand the value of compromise in governance please.
Thank you for voting against this!
Thank you for being logical and for caring more about the country than your party. #respect
Repeal with delay and replace later will result in the complete collapse of individual insurance market with low likelihood of replacement.
need media FaceTime to reduce cost running for Governor. I talk about Russia and hating Trump care my purple state loves me. All about me
Mainers are counting on you to protect us. #NeverRepeal  Please #FixACA with bipartisan legislation! #mepolitics
Not from state of Maine but find it comforting to have a politician that truly looks out for the people! #thankyoususan
If you value your country over your seat, you need to risk sacrificing your seat. If you don't, well - we know what you value more.
Don't worry about it you have a caddy plan ,  you'll be ok that's all that matters.
Since 2002, Medicaid enrollment has grown by 78%. From 2000 to 2010, Maine's population has only grown by 7%. And you don't see the problem?
Susan Collins has the worst GOP voting record in the country. Her vote to pass Obamacare and her vote for Loretta Lynch says it all. RINO
@SRuhle #FixNotNix
Repeal now. Replace later
Great! Hanging out at Fake News! Democrat in disguise? Swamper? TELL THE TRUTH!
Thank you for your no vote on BCRA @SenatorCollins. Voting for the will of your constituents and doing your job. Well done!
Thank you for continuing to be logical and honorable and continuing to think about us, your constituents, over your party.

The #EVIL #GOP's continued obsession to #repeal #sabotage the #ACA (and not fix it) will ensure their #MidtermElections2018 defeat 
Once again republicans can't deliver, unbelievable. You jokers should all lose your jobs..
I cant even vote in the US but I know you just did your country a big service. Health care is basic human right! #hero
Thank you for putting people before party !!! Repeal only won't work, please keep up the good work
Can't wait to vote against you.  You are out in 5 years if not before
GOP majority ldr saying he will push vote to simply repeal now that he doesn't have the votes to pass his bill. Plz be strong and vote no.
Can't believe you guys & gals haven't passed a new health care bill yet. Had 7 years to get one ready. You all should be fired!
Nah what you did is demonstrate that Republicans are incapable of working together.  Thanks for the tax hike.
You should just join the democrat party, because you are one. Shame on all of you, for as usual, failing us! We will vote you all out!
Proud of you 
You mean #FakeNewsCNN? At least try to hide your hatred for @POTUS & your continuous militant jihad to destroy his agenda. Shame on you!
Remember this !
Rep. Trey Gowdy questions Jonathan Gruber (C-SPAN) https://youtu.be/4xPYuvPrvG0  via @YouTube
Thank you for standing up for your principles & representing the interests of your constituents & all Americans. We deserve better.
Thank you for protecting the health of America. Pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps equals death for anyone who isn't extremely rich!
Thank you for your thoughtful, serious representation.
Thank you SO much @SenatorCollins
Senator Collins, bravo! You have become my new (s)hero, and will be a role model for young girls for years to come. Integrity in action!
Thank you for being a leader when it isn't easy for you.  Unlike some Sens who haven't talked in public about the latest #Trumpcare bill.
Thank you for working so hard to protect the healthcare of all Americans.  Bless you!
So Proud of you! Thank you for your humanity!
You have become a fool to true conservatives.  What in the world are you thinking?
I am a Democrat who appreciates you so much. Thank you for putting country before party.
Of coarse you do she's nothing but a liberal just like you.
Thank U for standing up against the deathcare bill pushed by mcConnell.
Susan. You are tired like Bernie sanders. Go home. Go to sleep. And carry a cane the way you shake when you talk. It's dead wood like mccain
You are the only Republican Senator w/ the bravado to oppose the bill for the 'right' reasons: it is deadly for ur state & America. Thank u
Shameful. Cuts are reductions in huge increases and are necessary. You are not supporting our Pres andVP
The Democrats are your latest fans Susan Collins.They absolutely adore U! Btw, great job to U senate Reps. 7 years & U cant deliver on HC!
It's great to get to know the "Republicans" that we elected & have been representing  us...You're ALL a joke. You're democrats in disguise.
thanks for standing up against free market healthcare and causing my premiums to triple!   I have 3 kids and pay nearly 1200/mo. great deal!
Thank you for being the wonder woman of health care for the entire US. You are the only one standing up for the sick and aged. Thank you.
Thank you for standing your ground. The people of Maine are lucky to have you. You have their back!
are you sure you're not a democrat in disguise? Please be honest on your refusal to accept HC plan..it's your support of PP!
Thank you for opposing this health care bill! Please work with Dems to create a much better bill together!
I still applaud you for taking a stance on the healthcare bill. It's nice to see Senators who put their constituents above party! Thank You!
So you are in favor of Obamacare?
X 20 million not insured
X No choices
X Rising premiums
X Hi deductibles = no healthcare 
X FAILING
THANK u!
Pls insist upon bipartisan bill be worked on.
Ppl I know cannot work wo medicaid.
Spl needs grandchild lives cuz of it.
Thank you!!!!!
2 more Rep Sen not support moving this cruel health care bill to a vote. Mike Lee! Jerry Moran! Horrific SenBill will be dead, not citizens!
Senator Collins we who have pre-existing condition look to your leadership in the healthcare issue, in this era of no solutions to problems
Thank you Senator Collins. People need access to affordable healthcare to survive, it's that simple. The Cruz amendment is devastating.
We the people have seen & heard what collins is doing obstruct obstruct obstruct Susan u are what we call a RHINO do us a favor and get out
I know it's hard to buck your colleagues in the @GOP, but you know #TrumpCare is evil & I pray you have the courage to do right & vote NO.
TrumpCare is a terrible "fix" for real problems with ObamaCare. The time has come  for single payer.
I want to know why Sen. Collins & others in Congress don't put their money where their healthcare is. If you love Obamacare, use it.
Disappointed in yr remarks. Medicaid stronger if u don't have able people on it, not meant for this. Only in DC is reducing increase a cut!!
Vote for it. The people who pay the taxes and pay for the healthcare need the help as much as the freeloaders
RINO
Hope you enjoyed your air time, blowing hot air is all you seem to do. Get on board with some GOP agendas or go liberal.
If you are instrumental in saving healthcare for millions, aside from being a national hero, I, a life-long Democrat will vote for you.
Ma'am, you are the first Republican to make me feel like I may someday be a true Independent again. Thank you.
Why focus on DTJr when none to Dems when so many worse crimes committed w/o doubt
Thank you Senator Collins for standing up for the American people, and standing against this disastrous, cruel healthcare bill. Thank you!
True Bipartisan attitude and actions. Strong Maine women may save us all!
Brilliant. 
Please speak to your fellow GOP senators and lay out your very valid reasons for not supporting Trumpcare.  Bring them onboard with you.
Responsibility 2 convince Public & #Congress #HEALTHCARE IS  #ECONOMYCARE
Responsibility 2 convince Public & #Congress #HEALTHCARE IS US #ECONOMYCARE
full repeal !
Thank you for your courage to stand up for what's right, @SenatorCollins.
Thank you for just being a normal American!
Thank you for loving American over corrupt GOP leadership. Remember Queen Esther, divinely placed to influence King to save Jews. Maybe you.
#CollinsVoteNo!
thank you for telling the truth.
You spoke the truth Senator, Medicaid is the deal breaker for Mainers. Stay firm until they give you what Rural Maine needs. MH
I saw your interview and strongly agree. I am disabled with Medicare, cannot even qualify for Medicaid. Quality of life is beyond reality.
Very effective message to a Senator. Telling her to stop talking to Liber-TARDS. Yes I am sure she took your tweet very seriously.
Get off your donkey talk & do something good for the country. Sad. We the people spoke loud and clear last Nov. LISTEN.
You must not care about middle class drowning in cost on this Obama care! you should be a dem, they drain the middle to pay for O care!
#PleaseTellUs
#WhatIsYourOpinionOn
#ForcingAmericansToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother ?
Polio survivor McConnell once thought all should be protected from catastrophic illness. Don't let him bribe you to steal it from others.
THANK  YOU@SenatorCollins

 DON'T repeal the #ACA (throwing the baby  out with the bath water)

 #FixACA & STRENGTHENit
I need a simple yes or no -- does the current bill eliminate the mandate to purchase health insurance?
Please do not cave into this fake health bill designed to give the wealthy a HUGE tax break.  We need #SinglePayer health care for ALL!

Good job.  Next time just say pence lied.   Instead of I respectfully disagree.  He lied and he knows it.
Senator, u have no idea of concept of limited govt & states rights. Instead of viewing through that lens, all u care about is $ to ur state.
- we want same healthcare that congress has that we pay for HOW DO U LIKE YOUR HEALTHCARE ?
Senator, you are a voice of reason where there are few.
Medicaid is unsustainable in its present form and hurts middle America because of high premiums and high deductibles. Get on board
This whole Russia thing is distracting and a big nothing burger Get off of that and get on the healthcare train Collins Are you a Republican
You need to get on the Republican team Sen. COLLINS. Healthcare is a tough issue but to do nothing would be catastrophic to the Republicans
Thank you for being a strong voice against this bill.  Stay strong and don't even meet with McConnell.
Thank you Sen.Susan Collins for NOT being ok with this HORRENDOUS Health Care Bill.Deep cuts to MEDICAID must not happen!Hurt real disabled!
Not a surprise that you would be on liberal CNN & ABC This Week instead of Fox.
As one who grew up in Maine from a poor family, I am grateful for Sen. Collins who speaks for the rural poor.
Embarassing how you don't respond to your constituents emails, or calls. Lets not ignore the fact you only go on fake news channels.
Conservatives of Maine must vote this PHONY out of Office in 2018...She's a LIB that has betrayed REAL conservative initiatives for YEARS...
Collins you should just join the Democrat party your so much like them that there  is no point of you pretending to be a republican anymore
Senator Collins, though we are different politically, I admire your integrity! You are the definition of Statesman!
I'm not sure if you realize it or not, you're the de facto Senate Majority Leader! Mitch McConnell isn't leading, he's dictating in Congress
What you mean: the healthcare bill curtails my vote buying entitlement program that guarantees my job. Maine must have other people money.
Thank you Senator Susan for standing strong against #Trumpcare! You're truly America's senator & we appreciate you.
REPEAL & REPLACE Stop wasting time & money Millions still don't have health care
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress 
Sure...this horrendous bill of Trumpcare will add millions MORE to the list of people without healthcare.
Thank you Senator Collins. My Parents live in ME both have Alzheimer's. They need Mainecare.
Now I know what the definition of a "Turncoat" means.
You have had 7 yrs to create a Plan! Time to drain the swamp of these career Politicians that prefer optics w MSM
You gotta get those abortions covered no matter what it does to America right Susan
Time to replace liberal senator Collins with a real conservative!!!
Susan - Its time for you to stop acting like a dem. & not supporting the health bill. Get on the Trump train & start working with the pres.
"We the people", the ELECTORAL COLLEGE, put you and Government in office! Repeal Obamacare or we will REPEAL more RINO's!
So this is fair, why? Maybe we should all become Welfare Mooches and let everyone else pay for us? You don't seem to like work requirements.

Clean out the dead wood in Grants 4stupid stuff ($400 hammers!) & there will be plenty of $ for healthcare for all!
care 2 CONTINUE working. UNhealthy workforce is crappy workforce! 33 countries have Hlth/Care 4 ALL! There's gotta be ideas there somewhere!
Healthcare is NOT a privilege as so many try 2 say, it is a BASIC HUMAN NEED, that EVERYONE deserves, not just the rich! Workers NEED health
& if TN has control of Medicaid $...it will NOT go 2those who need it most! It will end up lining the pockets of the good-ole-boy network!
taxes 2! TN will NOT help! I cant even get disab i desp need b/c good-ole-boy network! I worked 3 jobs til i got sick. Now im screwed! HELP!
they will NOT revisit it 4 a LONG time to make fixes. I have waited for 15yrs for healthcare! Am i to NEVER get help? I worked & paid my...
Thank you @SenatorCollins
I'd rather WAIT until they craft a GOOD healthcare plan 4EVERYONE, rather than RUSH THRU a BAD one! Its 2important! Once they pass a plan...
TN refuses 2open Medicaid Reqrmts. WE didnt get Ocare. WE got nothing. Am chronic ill & no healthcare! Tired waiting 4help that NEVER COMES!
#CNNBlackmail
Time to stand up, Susan. Kurt Eichenwald says it straight as it is. RT daily.







Your Republican mask fell off long ago. 
#MAGA
TY 4 telling the truth! Medicaid would harm kids like my . Our pvt ins wud likely drop him/us bcz of his pre-exist condit. Vote #NoBCRA
Senator Collins, I am not a constituate but I do admire your willingness to go against the new Health Care Bill. Please listen to the voters
BTW,I am a Democrat and voted for Hiliary! If I lived in Maine, I would vote for you! Be Strong, I know McConnell will try to twist your arm
You do seem you are there to do your job, WTH has happened to Washington? Everything is so partisan! Work together !
Thank you for standing up for honesty and integrity in legislation and government. Keep going. We need more like you in the GOP.
Sen Collins I admire and respect that U R not 4 sale. THANK YOU for taking a stand against this Cruel & Deviant healthcare bill.  
@TeaPartyExpress please take a hard look at the record here and see if it is worth to primary this awful senator
