Maine loves courageous, independent voices who stand up for what's right regardless of politics. Thank you for being one.
Collins will pay for a promise broken!!
I do love how you're so hard on everyone but Mr "I Alone Can Fix It". Where was he during the process... winning votes or at the golf club?
You are an American hero, not to be forgotten! 
Susan Collins is my hero! Thank you for having real principles.
As a Progressive Im not exactly a fan of Republican Senators, YOU are an exception ma'am. Thank you for not accepting the AHCA. Respect.
I can't wait to have my chance to primary you
Liar. Repeal and replace Collins. Pathetic coward.
Vote repeal Obamacare or #Vote Senator Collins OUT
yet you refuse to vote to stop taxpayer dollars towards going to abortion
Whats good for the american people (obama care) should be good for you and all politicians. Why did you get subsidies and special healthcare
We the people demand FULL REPEAL OF OBAMACARE.
How dare you hold this up & allow this monstrosity to continue.
Primary you!
Your a democrat now you RINO...can’t wait till you lose in primaries  to a real Conservative that will work with @realDonaldTrump
Thank you.  Just thank you.....
You turned your back on republicans. Your a rino. How much skin in obama care do you have? Maybe you should be on bama care
You're a RHINO
Can we repeal you?
Thank you for standing up for people's lives!!! Americans are very grateful.
Why are you even registered a Republican? We will vote you out!
Most of your supporters on here are DEMS. #RINO May you reap what you've down.
*sown
Who would want their youth around you crooked Senator
Do you know why America voted for you? Do you care? Work out your issues & get on board. #BrokenPromises #RepealObamacare
Time for Collins to be replaced BEFORE 2020 election! Dem at heart!
Get your ass in gear and get to work!
Working to get kids not to smoke is not working ??
Not sure, but this pos needs to get her ass in gear and stop obstructing health care.  That work?
The health care work she is doing is actually prevent mainers and other states constitutions from dying. Good for her
Bullshit, screw that hack
You had to been a swimmer at wv.   I think they put to much chlorine I their pools

Wow that's funny shit. You exactly like a guy I went hs  with he spewed the same bullshit as you do after going there
A lady in CA had 5 abortions now she has miscarried 3! I wonder if able 2 carry full term?? Tell all Collins supports Pro abortions!!
you suck and should b required 2 forfeit ur cushy ins. and sign on 2 failing Ocare.
You suck.
Repeal and replace Susan Collins!
If she refuses to vote for repeal, this is her last term in public office anywhere... We will hound you forever Susan...
I encourage all democrats to vote for Senator Collins. She puts country and Americans before Party. Very courageous woman!
I am 85 days smoke free. I encourage all to never start. Quitting has been the hardest thing I have ever done. Hands still shaking!
Thanks senator Collins for standing up to better care reconciliation act.
We'll stay home in 2018 if Obamacare isn't repealed now, this wk, GOP ran on it for 7 yrs, you OWN it! #FullRepeal
WE ARE GOING TO WORK HARD TO GET RID OF THIS CROOKED TRAITOR. SHE NEEDS TO GO.SHE IS WITH HILLARY NOT PRESIDENT TRUMP. SHAME ON HER.
Retire already. Or at least change parties.
Oh no! #Trumpcare is ruined & #PlanC to remove all HC is ruined! Now we don't know how we're gonna die! 
That's interesting,but is a distraction of your cowardice to repeal ObamaCare. What are you Susan, a closet Lefttist(closet Democrat)? @GOP
The left wing moderate Republican's that don't to repeal to help the Americans #needtogo2018 ::
LIARS: 'Moderate' Republicans Reject Obamacare Repeal Outright — After Voting For It When Obama Was President http://www.dailywire.com/news/18706/liars-moderate-republicans-reject-obamacare-repeal-ben-shapiro …
That light skinned chick is kinda hot though. I ain't going to lie
Please keep working towards a bipartisan solution!

main giving illegals in state tuition?????? resign now!
LEAVE NOW! RESIGN! MAKING US ALL PAY A FORTUNE FOR OBAma CARE! RESIGN NOW!
Thank you!
<---PROOF THAT POLITICIANS WILL LIE AND DECEIVE VOTERS OF REAL INTENTIONS
IF COLLINS VOTES AGAINST REPEAL EVERY REPUBLICAN NEEDS TO ACTIVELY WORK TO THROW HER OUT OF SENATE
GLENN BECK, RUSH LIMBAUGH, AND OTHERS ACCUSE COLLINS OF LYING TO CONSTITUENTS WHEN THEY VOTED TO REPEAL
COLLINS VOTED TO REPEAL 2 YEARS AGO NOW PROVES SHE WAS LYING TOSS LIARS LIKE THIS OUT OF SENATE
Shame on you shame on you shame on you!
Traitor.
You are a beady-eyed communist kleptocrat traitor. Delete your account.
How Petty & Vile To Undermine Your Own Party To Spite Trump.

http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2623462  

#RepealObamaCare
#RINO 
#MAGA
#RepealandReplace
@gop
She wants Planned Parenthood funded with our tax money so that Democrats campaigns could be funded
THIS is who Collins caters to! Liberal constituants! step down, you lying democrat!
Hello lets chat
Cut the BS and REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW! People are suffering while you people can't get your sh!t together! Enough already!
Go talk to shithead Ted!  Susan Collins works for HER constituents in Maine.  She wants a bipartisan solution.
Thank you!
Shame on you
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/first-read/nbc-news-wsj-poll-just-12-key-trump-counties-back-n784131 … …  For your brave, conscious stand, you will gain more Dem. voters than you'll lose from the GOP!
There has never really been anyone running against her. She is the only one on our ballot. This can and will change
You're entire career will collapse and you will be RUN OUT OF OFFICE by Trump voters. Shame on you... you're an embarasment to the party
I'm not DONATING another DOLLAR to the @RNC until you've been impeached or voted out of office
Seriously, do you ever work?  All you do is pose for pictures with girl scouts, library types, little school kids and bla...bla...bla.
Thank You #Senator for putting the #Healthcare of #childrenfirst @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump
You are a complete joke of a Senator. You are spineless and have no principles.
DEMAND SHE STEP DOWN NOW! Fake advertising. She's a Democrat
You won't be re-elected. We are sick of you people from congress lying to us. You voted for repeal. OF COURSE U WILL VOTE TO AGAIN RIGHT?
Thank you for not repealing.
How dare you not repeal obummmer care. How much did they pay you??
Repeal!
What do your constituents want?
That red dress goes perfectly with your ideology.
How does it feel to be such a hypocrite that you vote for obamacare repeal when you know it will be vetoed, then side with dems when it wont
Thinking Americans know politicians with no morals, no courage, and no integrity are the reason our country is hurting.
You're worried about tobacco while I'm worried about paying for either health insurance or groceries?
Thank you for putting country above party and literally saving lives. You are a woman of integrity.
Great cause!!  But I still want to know who is paying you to go against healthcare.
It may not be a #healthcarebill but the #kickbacks and #specialinterest #payouts contained within it . #RepealObamacare  first ! @Potus
RINO!!!!!!!
We want full repeal of the ACA. Do what the GOP has been promising for 8 years. @RandPaul @lisamurkowski @SenCapito
Ufo gov sends our congratulations to all the wise children and our prayers to those others.
Thank you! for standing right behind the people in this country.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/887356219114967040 …
Thank you for being the voice of Reason! Thank you for saving the lives of millions of Americans.  #Leadership #RepealObamacare
Never Collins again !
Woe to you if @realDonaldTrump outs you @SenatorCollins ..a Republican In Name Only.

 @TobaccoFreeKids
Do your job
vote this woman out of politics immediately
How wonderful!! 
You're a traitor for voting against the repeal BILL. You're days in the Senate will be limited.
THANK YOU! you are now going on the Trump Trains replace list.
Collins voted against repeal 3 years ago. She supports abortion with planned parenthood. Vote her out of office.
uneedafaithcheck
You do many nice things Senator, if only you had leadership skills to keep the party unified!,,
Why do you run as a Republican when you vote like a Democrat? #Obamacare MUST go. Support your president, not Chuck Schumer. #tcot
Amen, vote your party or go run with them. We will not re-elect. That is being fake support the party and be part of the solution or move on
#RepealAndReplace  doesn't. mean #Supporting #Specialinterests #republicanGOP #Cronies #Kickbacks #Stop #Graft @realDonaldTrump
GOD be with you kids were with you and you. Thx. 4sharing Sen. Collins
susan collins is a DEM in disguise, its time to DEFEAT her IF we want the full #MAGA agenda
You are a #Obstructionist and not a real Republican #MAGA
Thanks for Failing America.............nice job
