When will you be coming home to meet in person with your constituents? #mepolitics
every Friday, I believe. One of the few Senators to return home every weekend. #mepolitics
She comes to Maine but she doesn't meet with constituents... Many of us have been trying.
have you written a letter to have your issue addressed?
Called repeatedly. Never any follow-up, even when staff can't answer questions. Many others have also asked for public mtgs.
it's not important if you don't write. Senators have different roles in any case; you should write to your congress(wo)man.
Flynn is OUT-White House compromised by RUSSIA! We need some Congressional Republicans willing 2 put country before party.
and yet you voted yes for Mnuchin who evicted an old woman over 27 cents.
Not a true story and has been retracted by the news outlets that falsely wrote the story
could you post link? Can't seem to find a retraction online. Thx.
It was difficult to find.  Seems we can't trust the media to fact check and correct mistakes
How about a bipartisan committee to investigate Trump's relationship with Russia?
Now I know who you really are @SenatorCollins.  See people.  @realDonaldTrump hater. You supported Hillary?
Please do or say something about Michael Flynn! The silence from the GOP re Russia is frightening.
Page, Manaforte, & Flynn. Too many forced resignations re Russia ties to ignore. Plz demand Investigation of Trump!
Do your DAMN jobs. Get to work. Quit spending $'s. Support POTUS. No cabinet yet! You sound like 3 year old cryin
99% of Seniors know how to be fiscally responsible. Safe Act to protect US from Congress! Spend, Spend, Spend
Please take McCain! Democrats and Media need help whining a POTUS. If Congress would shut up and do job Happy USA
Thank you for your bipartisan efforts
An event to raise awareness for Women's rights and issues would be timely.
seniors are too easily taken advantage of.  Thank you.
Maybe you guys could form bipartisan group to #investigatetrump   Just an idea.
I am a senior & do not need the govt. protecting me. What about a bill protecting us from inane bills like yours.
Senator please vote no on Puzder!
Senator, I hope u protect American workers from unfit @AndyPuzder as Labor Secy. He'd be a disaster & u know it!
Thank you for important work. Please push for investigation of Trump's Russian connection and security lapses.
Please do your job & vote on Pudzer's confirmation based on his record & whether he's qualified to protect workers rights
Town Hall NOW. Your constituents should be heard!
there will be no financial fraud as the republicans are gutting any safety nets we have. We are bring robbed
If you actually care about seniors, protect Medicare and Social Security from the cabinet members you chose.
You should be calling for an investigation into Flynn and he WH collusion with Russia. DO YOUR JOB
Town Hall NOW!
why don't u stop licking Trump's fascist boots?
will it still protect us after the loss of regulation in  financial services ? Altruistic no.
will Senator Collins protect the Consumer Protection Finance Bureau?   They are under attack.   Our Senator?
How will you vote to protect seniors from Paul Ryan fraud AKA Medicare and social security cuts to "save them".
And what will you trade to pass committee muster? Rs want to sell us out. Let voters decide in 2018 and beyond
I appreciate that you give fair consideration to the president's appointments. Thank you
To trusted women Senators: Do ALL you can to End this nightmare that is happening in WH.  We no longer feel Safe!
and then you voted for Steve Mnuchin and Jess Sessions. Your priorities are clear, Senator.
Proud to have @clairecmc as my Senator. Well done!
Sounds like a good bill, but why just for seniors? Everyone would benefit from common-sense measures like these @SenatorCollins @clairecmc
Senior$afe Act is a bipartisan bill that I co-authored w/ @clairecmc to protect seniors from financial fraud http://bit.ly/2lIaEuw 
Can you also protect Medicare for us please?
Before or after you gut the CFPB?
Here you go Susan
too late, a bunch of them voted for Trump.
But she votes YES on the Foreclosure King and not a peep about the EO allowing financial advisors to screw their clients.
vote no on Mnuchin... or Munchin as Senator Hatch calls him
Better hope your GOP brethren don't view it as over regulation.
Please join us in Maine for some public meetings. We need to know that you'll stand up to Trump. So far you're rolling over!
Oh Susan. Reading the comments I see people are catching on to your faux bipartisanship. #NeverThereWhenItMatters
do you think it's troubling that our intelligence agencies, who WANTED trunp, no longer trust him with secrets
He is also unstable, during @JustinTrudeau conference, still ranting about electoral victory.  This isn't normal!!!!
- Collins, can't wait for 2018 to come. Your replacement is ready!
thank you from this grateful democrat!
why aren't you protecting us from The Orange Fraud? Come home Susan - we'd like a word with you. #persist
Thanks, but now do what you know is right and oppose Labor secy Puzder. So far, you've disappointed all of us.
Please support Andy Puzder. The unemployed deserve as much of a chance as the union members who lobby you
always appreciate y'alls leadership!
Do we really need a wife beater in the White House along side a sexual predator??
Trump is a fraud, and setting an example for other frauds to follow.
NO on Puzder. No double standards! Prove your values.
you vote the way your told to vote by your higher ups/over seers which ever way the wind blows, not my senator!
Resist! Show leadership! Vote NO on Puzder, Mnuchin & Zinke.
Thank you. What about financial fraud of WH? Will you support calls for tax returns, investigating foreign ties?
So only the women know how to play well with others, apparently. I'm not surprised.
Take a stand against Trump.
she wont! She does as she is told, i cant wait for 2018 bye susan.
Good, but do u think DJT will sign it? He defrauded seniors w/ Trump Univ. But glad to see some bipartisanship.
But will you vote no on Mnuchin, or will you vote the party line?  AGAIN!  Will you support the fiduciary rule?
will this cover the DoddFrank april 10 fiduciary rule that is being delayed?
Oh Please Susan.  Stand up for what is right and true and stop with the fake bi-partisan kabuki theater.
