Rep congress have to push for the identification of the leakers & unmasking.  These are real crimes against the gov.  Do something about it!
A disgusting display of partisan corruption. Just when I thought you had some integrity. Are you colluding, too, or just a general traitor?
How anyone can trust anything GOP at this stage is beyond me no that includes McCain etc
Sen., I have admired your service in the Senate, & not merely b/c we share an alma mater.  Please, weak partisan soup no more-Indep Counsel
U lied for ur Pres.Even he admitted Comey was fired cause of Russia.He is bringing u all down to his level, U must do something to stop him.
This system looks really, really dumb right now.
delusional deceitful threat to public welfare. whatever you're covering up shall 2be exposed. co-conspirator treason & espionage #complicit
you were so quick to react to Comey firing. Hope you realize how much republican centrists look to you across USA.
You are complicit Senator
Gee, if Obama gave Israeli intelligence to the Russians (Syrians),  Netanyahu would be going crazy now.  But now he's another GOP puppet
We know the President is not a politician & he sometimes steps in political dung, but the left has not allowed oxygen.  Republicans step up!
You've got to be kidding me Senator. Glad to see you're part of the #coverup too. Where's the call for an #IndependentInvestigation ?
Seth rich murder, Clinton treason, + Obama spying. You must be involved in high crimes because Russia is false. Gutless and weak failure.
This is an accurate statement, but Rep congress has to step up & defend the President.  Attacks against the President R not legally grounded
Your not getting tough on this issue. Impeach trump or face an angry electorate
Make some objections 2 baseless or unproven accusations. If Comey thought Trump was inappropriate, Y not tell?  Y give leak to press? Smells
America voted 4 Trump.  He is exactly the earth mover needed to drain the swamp.  We need to see your support, or U will lose our momentum.
You are done as our Senator....
Same, she is outtaheya
Read that in Maine accent. Yessah bub, don't let the door hit ya. Putin's little princess, ain't that just cunnin'
We can toast with some Moxie on thayat
Um reminds me that I need to get a hand on some of that Diet Moxie stat.
Diet Moxie? For real? Nectar of the gods!
I've only found it in Northern New England though :( Moxie free here in PNW
Keep on telling yourself that when Donald goes bye bye. You know he's guilty, so cut the BS
Thank you, Susan!
please go for truth mccain spread the lies about russians, seems child traffcing uncovered many dc involved
TRUTH russia used coverup seth rich murder,dnc whistleblower 2wikileaks,hillary obama podesta comey coverup4hillary
Have you read the NYT this afternoon?
if you think we will buy this bs you really are too old for the job
Were the republicans invite to dinner and asked to pledge their loyalty to trump?
You were my one of my principled conservatives in the Senate. This...well you're a coward. Disgrace
Very disappointing.
Thank you for having the courage to stand up for all Americans and against Bully Trump
Protecting fascist traitors is not in America's best interests. 18 U.S. Code § 2381 - Treason
U let Hillary put one over on Comey.  U missed opportunity to prosecute Hillary because U were not tenacious enough. Rep R timid against Dem
don't miss this moment. Leadership wanted.Nation is waiting for someone to unite thought it would be you. Reposition please!
According 2 @realDonaldTrump himself UR statement is a blatant lie  He said he fired #Comey due 2 #Trumprussia investigation  SHAME ON YOU!
Sen Collins stand with Trump as he hand over State secrete to the Russians. She is help covering his crime with Comey's firing. Traitor.
Oh come on, Sen. Collins. Do you really believe Trump fired Comey because of his treatment of Hillary? I think you're smarter than that.
Are you stupid or just compromised?
Always respected Sen Collins. Not anymore. At least we have Angus King.
@JohnCornyn will not listen to his constituents if they are Democrats. He cannot, won't be Bipartisan. Don't approve him for FBI Director
Plz DON'T CONFIRM @JohnCornyn as FBI Director.  I'm Texas resident and he is Big Texas REPUBLICAN Good Ole Boy! Tried & True Partisan Repub.
@SenatorCollins, you have respect across the aisle. Bear full responsibility of this distinction! Demand a special prosecutor!
Do you still stand by this statement in the aftermath of @realDonaldTrump's interview with Lester Holt? Are you just naive? Or complicit?
I hope you have the nerve to choose country over party. Trump is trying to undermine everything that this country stands for. #Constitution
Now that @realDonaldTrump told @LesterHoltNBC that the Russian investigation was on his mind in firing Comey, are you going to amend this?
The Republicans are in lock step with Trump trying to destroy democracy and install kleptocracy.
Very disappointed in you Senator Collins. You know that is NOT why Comey was fired.
Donald Trump commended Comey for the same reason you are giving for Comey's termination. Russian investigation played big role.

Trump is saying otherwise hon.  Looks like you've been duped.
in our WH. I'm sure your constituents will work to replace you when election time comes.
Your statement reflects your support of tRump who is a threat to our democracy, a dictator who entertains Russian agents
Okay, but why now?  And this statement doesn't align with what DT himself said were his reasons.  Ms. Collins, please protect America! 
God bless you, Senator. Please note timeline of Trump's January 27th: https://travelingpoet.net/2017/05/12/the-optics-of-trumps-january-27th/ … That is clear dereliction of duty. Pls help. 
I agree Comey was wrong for a lot he did; but I has you position changed in light of President Trump interview with Lester Holt and after?
Party before country, even for you, I see. Is there a single honorable Republican anywhere to be found?
Shame on you .@SenatorCollins and the whole congress for doing nothing in the face of this travesty
Trump is a very sick man ,he is parinoid, he thinks evryone is" OUT TO GET HIM" except the RUSSIANS. Where is Dr. Phil when you need him.
How much are you getting PAID to PLEDGE YOUR LOYALTY? How sad that politicians are turning their back on this Country,WHY?
Senator Collins, PLEASE reconsider: the *timing* is all wrong.  Why fire Comey now? Please use your *common sense*. This milk smells bad.
How many times are you going to allow Donald Trump to play you for a fool?You are one of the few GOP voices expected to have a moral compass
“when I decided to just [fire Comey], I said to myself, I said, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story." -DJT
We need open, public, bipartisan hearings to trust results. In this climate, no one will trust spec pros done behind closed doors
Your statement is a joke. It has nothing to do with Clinton and all to do with #Trump being investigated. #americasshame #nixonian
Do you want to retract this statement since Donald Trump admitted it was connected in an interview? #VeteransResist #TheResistance
It has EVERYTHING to do with Russia. I'm surprised that a senator as level-headed as you often are would issue such a craven statement.
Complicit. Sad.
I can believe you want to fall on Trump's sword. He's clearly obstructing the Russia investigation. 19% Rosneft.
It's obvious you've drank the kool-aid. He's quietly building a dictatorship that will be evident when it's too late.
Americans are counting on you to show enough integrity & concern for checks & balances to request an independent investigation. Please!
You still feel this way?
At what point are y'all gonna stop letting Trump make y'all look like total buffoons.. #2018&2020 can't come fast enough..
What is your source of confidence that a new director won't have different priorities and reallocate resources?
Sen Collins, please demand an independent special prosecutor for Russia/2016 investigation. Country over party. Please!
Senator - ever thought of expressing some moral outrage at the grossly incompetent POTUS? Your constituents are waiting...
Guess you were wrong. We need an independent prosecutor!
That's "ring"
2 of 2 It was NEVER about the Hillary email investigation.  Wake up Senator!  We deserve better from you.
Still feel this way after Trump admitted yesterday that he did take the Russia investigation into his decision to terminate Comey?  1 of 2
Your team is petty af leaving this up without updates. You gonna leave this up over the weekend too or...?
Oh my God Susan! What will it take? Are you telling us Mr. Trump  is not unstable? Even with his threats? Says much about u.
Please stand up against Trump. This is an untenable situation...country over politics..please, please, please
Sometimes it is better to be quiet  it's not about why it's about why now!
The main objective should be to defend the constitution and not defend corrupt politicians
wow... you are clueless.
Please, Senator. Ditch this narrative. Please support an independent investigation in Trump's ties to Russia.
Obviously, @SenatorCollins, u didn't listen to what Rump said. U shd be requesting an #independentinvestigation NOW. Thx.
Comey getting to close to the conclusion we know is coming. The republicans are on the wrong side of this.  Republicans saved us from Nixon.
Oh, and PS @SenatorCollins? Goodbye.
What? This Sunshine and Lollipops statement I would expect from a fifth grader. I thought you were paying attention, but clearly you aren't.
Your all crooked.  You are letting Trump get away with everything.  Time to vote you all out of there!!
Willfully blind?
When you take the word of this administration you end up looking foolish. 48 hours later and trump already contradicted his & your statement
How can we trust you to hold him accountable?
Unbelievable that you believe it is about Clinton's emails.
it may be misplaced, yet the president has already admitted that it is true he sought to stop his own investigation. #COMEY
Are you revising your statement or are you so defeated you figure what's the use?
history will not be kind to the @GOP ......
Party over country.  Senator, your place in history is set.
Coward
Counting on U Senator..
Trump to NBC: "When I decided to [fire Comey], I said to myself, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story."
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
I have a bridge in Brooklyn I'd like to sell you.
What. Is. Wrong. With. You.
You are a liar Sen Collins. I had hope you were a patriot, I was wrong. Maybe you took Russian $$ too??

Here is Trump proving you're lying
You have got to be kidding.
Do you still believe this? If not, it's time to speak up and demand an independent prosecutor.
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha, you dumb piece of shit.
GOP not seeing the forest for the trees. Checks & balances are gone. GOP put Trump above law. Below makes my case.
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Senator Collins, you are truly naive. If you do not know now the true character of @realDonaldTrump, then you may be criminally naive.
I saw you on MSNBC and I'm sorry but if you don't think he fired Comey because of the Russian investigation then you are delusional. #maine
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? Anyone with a brain or commen sense knows Trump fired Comey because he was to close to the Russian investigation. Ugh.
This is a smokescreen. Surely you understand that you are being a mouthpiece for a very bad hombre. Shame on YOU!
U on MTP - 45 shld be excused cuz attempt to derail investig. will fail cuz there are other FBI agents? If I try murder but fail, I'm ok?
Where was the GOP outrage at the time Comey threw the election thier way
Often, you do a good job pushing back on your party's nonsense. But not on Comey. Disappointed in you, Senator.
You are unacceptable - my family lives in your district and you are OUT - after that disastrous interview with Chuck Todd!  HOLY SHIT
You have lost all credibility & are now just a lying Trump suporter and we will make sure you are out of office as soon as we can.
You may come to regret this assessment of trump's motives.
I just heard you say to Chuck Todd you don't think Comey's firing had to do with the Russia investigation. That defies logic.
Your nuts it's about Russia. Also Sarah Huckabee said as much in the press conference. Also they keep lying about how he was fired.
I saw the clip of you denying the Russian investigation had anything to do with the Comey firing. Lost all respect for you.
still a disgrace
#bringbackolympiasnow
.@SenatorCollins #FulfillYourOath & call 4 an independent commission & special prosecutor 2 investigate Russia’s election interference. #ATN
You have betrayed the people of Maine for the last time; your complicity in treason spells the end of your career. #IndependentInvestigation
If I could, I would summon Margaret Chase Smith's ghost to haunt you until the end of your days. #sellout INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
You give the president way too much credit in this statement. He only reacts, he doesn't take action. Please appoint special prosecutor NOW.
Wrong. The timing is the big red flag. Please re-think your position re the Comey firing.
How can you be so sure that the President firing of Comey was not to delay the Russia Trump investigation?
I am scared by Trump's move to undermine #FBI. Please don't let him get away with it. Few institutions remain to check his growing impunity.
Ready to amend your statement yet?
Been hating on you a bit LESS each day. GOOD JOB last couple of days.
Trying hard to share info I have for Russian Probe relates to Dir Comey #noluck any ideas? Frustrated it will help!
It is time for impeachment.  What more is it going to take?    Please do something before the  Presidency is any further degraded.  Please.
This disregard for America and willful ignorance will certainly push the GOP off the cliff in 2018, and beyond. Wrong side of history here.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE FOCAL DYSTONIAS - TORTICOLLIS AND DYSPHONIA - AS I WATCH YOU IN HEARINGS.
SEE A NEUROLOGIST ASAP.
You know what is "inevitable? You being on the wrong side of history.
Thank you for questions on McCabes comments to Preibus. I feel he is compromised. Special Prosecutor!
She should just admit she's a Dem wit.
What does Russia have on you???? Traitor!!! time to go you old bag!!!
She asks the same questions, at the hearing, that have already been asked and answered.  This woman has got to go.
You need to be supportive and proactive on your majority constituency--Trump & administration needs to go.
Wow! Head in sand Senator? I don't disagree with the termination. But really? The timing? It has NOTHING to do with Hillary or emails!
Establish an independent Congressional investigation into the Russian interference.  It is clear that @POTUS is impeding the investigation.
Your statement a big disappointment--firing about Russia not Clinton. Counting on you to protect our democracy!
If trump doesn't want the investig, he'll make sure resources don't get where they need to be. Americans aren't stupid. What's going on?
Still trying to figure out why you, of all Rs, think the investigation will go on. If my experience, the person at the top leads
You're saying Trump fired Comey because C damaged Hillary and helped Trump win the election?! History will remember U. #ConstitutionalCrisis
Shocked you refuse to look at avalanche of evidence.  If DT is innocent why not demand special prosecutor?  Complicit in cover up?
And if trump did this in order to obstruct justice, you're ok with that? That's alright with you? Just want to understand.
There have been reports that you are considering supporting an independent counsel. Please do the right thing and support it.
Will you and @SenAngusKing personally guarantee that the FBI investigation continues without more interference from the White House?
Lots of strong NE legislators. Collins mouths independence but seems to always go party line. Will she help stop the autocrat Trump? Idoubt.
Time to be an American before a Politician!
Dems halting proceedings in Senate is only way to get attention of Repubs refusing to face reality: Trump threat to democracy is a CRISIS!!
This statement nullifies the respect I had for you. Maybe you will rethink this as the truth of President Trump continues to avalanche.
Shame on you @senatorcollins   I always thought you could be counted on to do the right thing. You have proven me wrong.  Disgusting.
Time for you to go. Vote @SenatorCollins out!
Good luck in 2018. Your loyalty is not to Maine and the American public, that's obvious. #byebye
I have a hard time believing that the person who lead chants of "lock her up" was upset by how the investigation was handeled.
NOT normal. Firing the person leading the investigation has no effect on the investigation? You know better. May you be held accountable.
I thought Congress was supposed to check the power of the executive branch?  Isn't this of particular importance when the POTUS is an
Atlantic City thug....a common criminal exploiting the office for profit and possibly colluding with a hostile foreign enemy?
You & I know that he wasn't fired because of HRC investigation -- It was b/c of the DJT investigation. Time for an independent prosecutor.
Wake up and smell the political roses Senator Collins. The firing of FBI director Comey was NOT! The" inevitable" conclusion.
Are you that blind? OF COURSE it has ALL to do with impeding the Russia+trump hack of America. Impartial Independent Commission+Council !
Shamefully obtuse.  My vote will be very clear.
Sen. Collins, Push Mitch McConnell to appoint an independent Prosecutor to get the facts of Russian Involvement in Trumps election.Ray.Mack
