Trump.knew it was wrong for Clinton and Lynch to b alone, sad u r making excuses for this disturbed, dangerous man. Have u no shame
I had hope in you! A women in the GOP would stand up for what's right. I am disappointed
If this healthcare bill is so great, why won't GOP show it to anyone?
#ShowUsTheBill
I was starting to respect you even if I don't agree w/ you. You have clout. Please don't waste it on Trump. Dossier: DJT aided by Putin.
Comey had NO reason to believe that handing over those memos to a GOP majority Committee - would result in your doing the Right Thing! NONE!
Thank you for your honest, forthcoming and precise appearance on the show - and your questioning the day before.
some AMERICANS thought you were not like the rest of the Treasonous obstructing GOP.  Your focus on Comey being wrong is Stunning.
It was not a leak. #Comey is my hero. #POTUS leaked to the Russias what are you doing about that. #Comey is my #1 guy.
Senator Collins, We may differ on policy in some places but, I admire you for your unbiased, country first  and honest commentary. Thank you
How is she doing that? Her prim focus seems2Bcriticizing Lassie 4having temerity to bark so loud she woke us up cuz house ws burning down
#ShowUsTheBill
#resist #FakeNews
In seven months, #45 has managed to make himself a Lame Duck occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The reckoning will be 2018.
You better go back home to Mars, you obviously can't see what is going on here on Earth !
I beg to differ. We are living a nightmare with transcripts to prove it as well as legal oversight above and beyond our attorney to prove it
I see your location...out of touch like I said! Leavenworth.....
And just what is your position @ Leavenworth?
Another McCain. When it comes to fighting for what's right, make sounds of independence as long as it doesn't jeopardize the GOP plan.
Why appear on this stupid show? Hopefully you don't think that's where your base is, cause they're not! Only the vile & unhinged live there.
Only TWO Parties LEFT in this country.  Republicans - and AMERICANS.  GOP are acting as treasonous & oblivious as Trump Train Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woA1AvnbOxE …
You were gaslighting on morning Joe
Why would U defend Trump?  Why say Comey gave classified info when U know it wasn't? #gaslighting
We aren't interested in GOP cartel politics and lying.  GROW A CONSCIENCE
You ALL have proven you will do ANYthing to let this man Trump get away with anything including the destruction of our Democracy!
How DARE you criticize Comey, after this POTUS defamed HIM and the FBI -4 trying to get The TRUTH out to the American Public.?
We America MUST soon let the GOP know what we think of thr OBVIOUS pandering 2 a Corrupt POTUS in 2018!
Your are choosing attacking Comey over release of his truth after Trump lies. Choose America not party and dedicate to Russia investigation
What kind of punishment should we expect for Comey? A confessed leaker that was supposed to be invesitgating leakers.
#WorkWithUs please on #HealthCareForAll #ProtectOurCare esp #preexistingcondition , #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Ms. Collins, my Senator. You have changed under the weight of the Trump administration. You are bad for US & ME
She's a joke
Always a great interview. We need more Senators like you.  Honest, independent and refreshing. You belong on that Committee.
Apologizing for trump and using post hoc arg. for Comey, who is honest to core, looks bad on you. Big picture! We can see it; why can't you?
WELL DONE YOUR HONOR !
Thank you @SenatorCollins for always being willing to answer the question.
Terrific appearance.  Where are your associate Sens?
@SenatorCollins I was dismayed at your questioning to Comey abt his behavior rather than focusing on subject of the hearing! #Trump behavior
Yeah. Nothing like an R speaking truthies
You have Parkinson's, trying to hide it while your party cuts healthcare for hardworking Americans. Shame.
Clearly your stoned!
Ask about ACA sabotage, understand the American public isn't stupid!
What about @jeffsessions?
If the Republican Health Care Plan is "so great", show it off and allow public discussion. NO Secrecy.
You mean the way the Dems did ? Pelosi; "You can read it after we pass it".
Get The Tapes Senator Collins!
Another McCain
Ask her what she thinks happened when DT cleared the room then proceeded to ask Comey to drop Flynn investigation..the GOP just waves it off
Mention Loretta lynch
FAKE NEWS ON A FAKE NEWS LEFT WING PUPPET SHOW STARRING LYERS REDFACE MSNBC PUPPET JOE N FWB SLEEZY MSNBC SLUT CHEATING MIKA N REST OF MICE.
Is this why they won't talk about Rubio's question about you leaked everything except Trump investigation about Russia why?
MENTION LORETTA LYNCH
Great lying NY Times lying Pelosi Lying Washington Post ok let's have them on this show to prove
Watch out senator collins, this guy is a real nothing burger, hate's trump will try he best to disparage Trump make u look bad to boot!
But Comey could say what or how did Trump lie about to Comey and if so why didn't he inform someone
Is she still angry at Trump for destroying Jen Bush? God Bless our President
Quote: trump is a liar, Close quote. Quote: Comey is honest, Close Quote. Quote: Kasowitz is a lousy lawyer Close Quote.
To celebrate the success of Infrastructure Week?
I hope Joe asked Sen Collins about taking affordable health insurance away from millions of Americans.
Mention Loretta lynch
U support a corrupt, reckless liar while secretly dismantling health care. If you're not announcing impeachment or single payer, go away.
Mention NYT FAKE NEWS
Time to call out the obstruction.
Republicans hold house, senate, presidency and SCOTUS majority, tell me again how obstruction is occurring? Honestly this is crazy Land!
Someone who works for the country and the people
You do realize ACA didn't get huge approval ratings but you PPL pushed led it
Why are you going on with those hateful people ? Shame on you !
Perhaps she will shed some light on the latest republican health care plan?
Didn't happen
Shocking. 
