We need2 Acknowledge the real issue here. The president of the United States, that IS the problem.Approval 22% wide.
Our own Governor admitted to giving fake&false info. 2 the media, flat out lying just because.
Why don't you support our President for a change. No President has ever been disrespected as he has. He's a good President. Support him
You are obviously someone who is EASILY FOOLED.  He is as crooked as they come and is Putin's puppet!. Collusion!#urratherstupid
All news t out for themselves and their ratings. Pathetic!!!  We need a decent news
Trump KNOWS he can get away with this stuff because he knows you wont do squat. You and  GOP enable him and have damaged our country.
That scares me the most.They go home for the 4th & then we all find out were losing again. How did we get here?
Vote for this leader.... re
Maine favorite state-vacation every year but u r letting us down-Mica comment on trump hands/manhood-u give- u get- why take media side?
Just a reminder that millions of Americans are counting on you to make  their lives better, not worse, Senator.  VOTE NO on WEALTHCARE!
Please tell us that this US Attorney will address the trafficking of children in Maine, through the family court system. @LoriHandrahan2
. Lord bless You.  and our Great Nation. When you pray for some one its you, @jamesmatatown .
I will vote for you! please be our next pres.
And will you formally denounce the misogynist in Chief @realDonaldTrump ?
It would be fantastic to awake& realize it's all a nightmare.
WOW is halsey Frank as big of a SJW as the 9th circuit
NEED more conservatives & ppl who believe in the constitution not the mood of the day
Susan. A pro abort Catholic.  Can't be both Susan
Vote no on Trumpcare!

Please wake up and pay attention our democracy depends on it
Just vote no Rino !
Oh goody
Thank you for your gracious response and for your stand on insurance coverage for the vulnerable, including children with chronic disease.
I am concerned by @realDonaldTrump tweet that ACA be repealed without a replacement.  I hope you are equally concerned by that idea.
So he's at it again this morning.  When is enough enough Senator?  Words are hollow when you've done nothing but enable this psychopath
TrumpCare is an atrocity
Do NOT agree to repeal only; 18 million lose insurance outright and premiums could increase by 20-25%. Americans deserve better.
Who cares! MAGA!!!!
U don't know how to fight evil .It was long owerdo to act .A. A plus for President  T.
Dear God!! When, when is the mentally ill narcissist Trump going to be removed from office?? GONE on way to long.
How can you call yourself a Republican. You lean left on every bill! You're trying to make healthcare as watered down O'care as possible!
As a lifelong republican I have never seen more attacks on a @POTUS, and you republicans pile on knowing media bias. Switch to a D! @MAGA
Journalism ethics are dead! Justified because it's aimed at @realDonaldTrump! You can't be serious accusing Trump of starting this stuff!
@realDonaldTrump kid's/grandchildren see someone calling him mentally ill!  You don't think that translates to his family publicly!
Good luck tomorrow.  History will judge u harshly if u continue to support the fool in the WH. Your grandchildren will bear your shame
Will you provide a list of all your plastic surgeries like Mika?
Renounce the president or you too are tarnished.
Shame on you!  @nolongeracceptable
I'll throw my two cents in and say no. I'm a former police officer myself. I have an idea of where he's coming from.
How can you support Trump? He is killing our country in every manner.
I am a dem BUT wld support U in next election. Thank you for standing up for the little guy. Your integrity is really appreciated.
Senator Collins I want to put you on notice the American people voted for Trump We support Trump not you.
Rino.  Hope you lose your next election
Vote no!  Thousands in Maine will lose their health care.  Do a poll in Maine!
-(2/2) for years. You are on the "take" from the Democrat Party!You are a Saboteur of what the American people voted for in 2016! Despicable
I hope He's a true Republican
Most useless swamp creature in the senate....Susan Collins, Angus Kings senile pawn.
You will have to run for governor as a independent. Real Americans that voted President Trump will not be voting for you.
Senator. PLEASE STOP MAKING EXCUSES FOR A GROWN MAN. ENOUGH. IMPEACH HIM. HES RUINING OUR COUNTRY
Who cares! Your job is to pass legislation and repealing Obamacare. Now do your damn job!
And the bill is utter crap so she is voting against it
Understand you are switching to Democrat party. True?
Just saying "Stop tweeting" you too are COMPLICIT
Please VOTE NO on any form of the Senate (un)healthcare bill. Don't let 45 try to bribe you. He lies. We lose.
You are the only reasonable GOP senator
Get to yes.
Sounds like a dingus supreme.
