Disappointed? The deranged orange madman wants to destroy the planet. I would think "outraged" a better reaction. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Yea the climate changes 4x a year where I live. Spring summer fall and winter #youhavebadinformation
That's called weather. Not climate.
People like that guy don't understand the difference
Climate is the study of weather over periods of time. So of course there is climate change it's just not as drastic as the left says
You need to look up images of changes around the world-the ice caps...
Yeah scientists have shown there is more ice now than when al gore made that dumb movie
Don't worry Susan we're disappointed in you
Turn coat! Can't wait until we vote u out.
Manmade Global warming a scheme to steal private property and weaken America. 

Thank God Trump is President and you are not.
Try standing up to him where it counts - when you're voting
Collins was the only Republican to vote against Scott Pruitt for EPA
Right, and look whom else she voted for. Lip service is bullshit.
Look im not saying I agree with her votes. Just noting that she is being ideologically consistent here with being anti-Pruitt and pro-Paris
Kinda like Collins telling me she would support the Republican candidate whomever it would be. Ugh
The Paris deal was HORRIBLE for the US. 

Why would we voluntarily cripple our economy while allowing China to build more coal plants???
I don't know why the US would cripple its own economy by selling China technology licensing. That was HORRIBLE for USA and US jobs jobs jobs
Right. Two wrongs don't make a right.
I agree
You are not to Bright and we will primary you!
China and India the worlds biggest polluters this agreement did nothing to stop them and you know it
You should talk to @Governor_LePage and have him join the other governors and mayors who have decided to follow the Agreement's guidelines.
I guess you just don't understand it. The worst countries are lagging behind and we need to fund their efforts? Just another Obama giveaway!
I agree w/ Pres. Trump. USA needs a "better deal". We are the most over-regulated country. Why should we, the TAXPAYERS pay the exorbitant.
Climate change is a hoax. And you being against a travel ban is strange. You want your fellow Americans blown up? Get a grip.
I agree. But our global approach shouldn't favor totalitarian regimes that will use it to make political hay at our expense.Was a bad agrmnt
No me I'm thrilled let other countries pay!
you susan disappointment daily #mepolitics
you need to caucus with the democrats you RHINO
Stop it, Susan. You KNOW "Paris" is/was a paper tiger. You're using it like the signories: political grandstanding. US doesn't need "Paris."
Senator Collins, don't just be disappointed, DO SOMETHING!!!  STAND UP FOR OUR STATE OF MAINE CLEAN AIR AND WATER!!!
You would think a Senator would inform herself on science & agreements. We don't sign deal screws Americans
#maga
More than disappointment is required. Action is imperative. Think of future generations. Act swiftly to slow climate change.
I'm disappointed in you !
Give us the facts on the context and obligations.  Why was Germany opposed to renogotions.  What companies benefit from the billions ?
You need to look at the "scientists" who get all the gov money for climate research. Research @JohnColemanMRWX
Spoken like a true liberal masquerading as a Republican. I hope your constituents see through this global redistribution of wealth. #MAGA
What has been done by the Paris Agreement? China pollutes big time and so do other countries
Essentially your spreading lies
That agreement was crap, and great that we pulled out of it.
Sen. Collins, how much more are you going to allow tRump to get away with? He's destroying this country. Will you even try to stop him?
The Paris agreement is is a bad deal for the US! Trump right to want to negotiate & put the American people first!
You have historic opportunity to take a stand against Trump, the demise of Repub. party and democracy. Stop being so cautious, so passive!
I just saw where you're against the Travel  Ban. This is what I think. If you can't support OUR @POTUS we WILL vote you out.
If you are disappoint please feel free and go live in Europe. Stand with our POTUS or get OUT OF THE WAY
Stay "bipartisan"! "Country over Party"! 
Hoax!!!  Stop spreading global warming lies!! They still hate ur guts..
Explain how sending billions of our tax dollars to other countries helps us ? We are trillions in debt . PC gone wild .
You hypocrite, if left to you and crazy man, you will pass legislation to erase the 44th Presidency of the United States of America.
Support your party Susan
Nice sentiments. What are you and the Republican-led Congress going to do about it?
Resign in protest.
You need to switch http://parties.You  have nothing in common with the disgusting,ill mannered ,woman hating Trump
Awesome. Stop voting with Republicans who support Trump no matter what
If this accord was so critical why was this not a treaty? The people did not get a say on this agreement. #doyourjob #Republic
Thank you for standing up to Trump.  Please do everything you can to ensure that Maine participates in the clean energy revolution.
Both Democratic & Republican parties foundering but Republicans just a hot mess. Lonely to be ethical, never more important.
THE ENTIRE US IS DISAPOINTED IN YOUR PARENTS FOR EVER HAVING YOU...SHUT UP HO!!!
And you are a Republican???
Thank you! Our coastal home needs a collective commitment to reduce CO2. – at Scarborough Marsh
you keep getting disappointed but your @gop friends don't do squat. Disappointment doesn't get rid of this a$$
What reason is there for the American taxpayer to pay other countries to comply? And aren't  you concerned that this was an Executive Order?
If Al Gore was telling the truth about climate change I should have shore frontage by now and I don't. #ClimateChangeWhatAJoke
Not as disappointed as we are in you Senator.
@SenatorCollins Maybe u can explain why this good deal lets China off the hook til at least 2030
And that's Alllllllllllllll you have to say?
# alltalk
The accord did nothing for the US.  Glad President was brave enough to pull out. That sucking sound was tax money going overseas
Thank you for telling the truth, Senator Collins.
That's good.  What will you do about it?
What action will you be taking in response to this decision?
Well Susan.  He is your party's president.  You get what you vote for.  Suck it up like the rest of us have to
Sen: Don't let Comey get away w/attacking POTUS at Hearing. Comey  let Clinton go, blocked disclosure of Obama illegal Surveil! Get tough!!
Thank you for speaking out.
Do you even understand the agreement?
You must enjoy subsidizing other countries at our expense $$$. You seem more like a liberal every time you speak; change parties.
Good stop flying around n driving your SUV and heating yr mansion! Then you have a voice
Susan Susan Susan...the sky isn't falling...really
You are the bright light of the GOP in the Senate.  Please keep it sane.
What action do you plan to take?  Being disappointed does nothing.
Global means everyone in world.  It's not accurate when China and India don't follow rules.  So go explain it to them
That would be a lot more convincing if your parties platform wasn't purely anti environmental and anti science. You have no principles.
Thank you.  Don't let @realDonaldTrump destroy our environment.
So just keep giving him everything he wants
I'm glad to hear you say that. Please just get him out.
Disappointed, ahhhh, that's so sweet. Maybe you might want to think about the company you keep.
Thank you. Trump's reason don't align with the facts and misrepresent the Agreement. But he has a history of reneging on agreements.
China and India can pollute with impunity. Does that disappoint you?  Trump said he'd renegotiate.  Maybe you can provide input.
Senator you are wrong!!!
So how about you bystanding GOP senators do something about the mental case in the Oval Office? #Nero
We need voices like yours to speak up in the Senate then and take a stand for our children and our future. This admin has been a disgrace.
I'm disappointed your state keep electing a weak and pathetic RINO to office. so we are even
Thank you Senator!
I'm glad you're "disappointed," Senator. But it's past time that you quit the GOP caucus. You and everyone else knows it.
I'm so disappointed too
Again, get out of the SWAMP and stand with your @POTUS
That'll teach him.
A Global approach that benefits everyone except the USA.  Another Democrat heard from.  There is no climate change, DAH!
Yet you do absolutely  nothing but keep shaking your head, like a dolt. Please a cat has a stronger backbone @SenatorCollins grow one!
Then defect.
PLEASE - somebody in the Republican Party needs to stand up to this very dangerous POTUS ~ the world needs you!
So get behind impeachment and have a chance to save your job.
Being disappointed is not enough.
Then get an agreement that is better economically for Americans. Don't just complain offer good solutions.
Turn your disappointment into action. This can't go on. #wearediminished
God is in control of any climate change and there are other important issues we need to support POTUS on!
Yet he's been able to get away with all sorts of bad decisions and ethical violations just because of the party he's in. Shame on you all
Then *do* something about it, please

#ActOnClimate
do more than tweet disappointment, senator.
REPUBLICANS OWN EVERY ACTION THAT TRUMP DOES!
And you'll do take no action beyond this tweet. Maine voters are watching, and we're not happy.
Man made climate change a joke on all of us to get our tax money to line their pockets!
Thank you for caring about our future and expressing your views!
He is a dictator! Please stop him from ruining our country
US is doing great by itself, it was a bad deal as it didn't ask India & China to follow suit.Saving 3 trillion dollars also.
Damage you've done with Sessions. He is a criminal and you, Senator, are responsible. Fix it now. 2/
Your anemic response is not surprising. As your constituent, I urge you to lead or get out of the way. It's time for you to repair the 1/
Let's pass a law to participate in the agreement. It's time  for our legislators to stand up to @POTUS and do what's right
The majority of the pollution is coming from countries who HAVE NO PLAN TO STOP #theyCONTRIBUTEnothing #No $$#STOPtheINSANITY
your globalism is showing. :)

you represent Maine, not the world.
Those are some pretty strong words - don't hurt yourself in defending Maines coastline which will be devastated by sea rise.
You're disappointed? Perhaps you should stand for something and speak up BEFORE this inept president acts recklessly and w/o being informed.
This is why Forbes listed Maine as 49th IN BUSINESS out of all 50 states - attitudes like this.  Shame.
Those words are not strong enough. Most of us in Maine want you to be mad, fighting mad.
America is"disappointed"in you & your fellow GOP do nothing's.Your fault-US federal gov't is a worldwide joke! GOP "family" protects itself.
You're 'disappointed' because you are a disappointer.
Trump makes America stink again. In more than one way.
Only "disappointed," Senator?  i HATE the nation we've become!  Lincoln's right, we WILL perish from the earth.  Literally!
You expected something different? Haha..oh wow
Please switch to independent & caucus w Dems!  Bring Lisa Murkowski w you!
@SenatorCollins Hi Susan! In U.S. obviously have a problem with freedom of speech: https://twitter.com/VMozghovyi/status/823610114565427201 … Please, turn off censorship!
@Microsoft 
@BillGates 
@MasonMorfit 
@satyanadella #Microsoft Corporation Board of…
Are you freaking kidding? Your State economy is based on the ocean? What is wrong with you?
You're on of the good ones, Susan. I'm a liberal who loves you.
You are UNBELIEVABLE!   When is this loon up for reelection?  Time for you to head out the door. Does NOT support our president's agenda.
I wish we had @EmmanuelMacron for US President

@realDonaldTrump
@EDFaction Then help make it better instead of just criticizing.
Thank you.
Perpetual LOSER!
Sen. Collins, isn't it time for u, rest of GOP to show backbone/courage, put country/Const. ahead of Party & stop Trump's destructive acts?
But will you furrow your brow? Will you be troubled and deeply concerned?
"Disappointed"? That's the best you can do? Time to stand up and show you are principled and have values. You do, don't you?
Caucus with the Democrats or stop pretending anything matters.
Lighting up bldg green is not going to change anything.  You are responsible for making sure Democracy survives and GOP keep oaths
Very disappointing.  He is a loose idiot.
why US to pay billions for other countries approach? Why didn't Obama include Congress if it was so good? Retire already pls
Please be more than disappointed. @realDonaldTrump isn't qualified, many more mistakes and self-enrichment actions until he is replaced.
Keep speaking up!!  One of few Republicans in Congress with a conscience!!
How about a little outrage Senator. Disappointment being a bit lackluster considering the implications. Just a thought.
Just change your party affiliation to a D already for Christ sakes.... you're an embarrassment. You won't be re-elected.
Try to make your decisions based on fact and logic not a script tge RNP gives you. Think as-an individual and not a stooge
And we're disappointed in your job performance
You still have an R next to your name. You WILL be FOREVER tainted and will FOREVER be associated with Trump. We won't let you forget.
thank you for your willingness to think for yourself. To me you are the hope of the Republican Party...
Thank you, ma'am, for speaking out. America needs your support.
The day is fast approaching when you will have to pick a side; GOP complucity or standing up for constituents in Maine.
Let's get smart ms.Collins, think of us not them
He is the head & running the Republican Party!!
Conservatives in this country have been disappointed in you for a long time ma'am.
it's too late for disappointed! We need real action.
Thank you.
Unless disappointment translates into real action, you're just another shill voting lockstep. #GOPLackey #ParisAgreement
You seem like a reasonable person, how can you hold your nose to support @realDonaldTrump. You can & should do/be better-history will judge
We need more from you than your empty words of 'disappointment' or 'concern'. Stand up to these malevolent hacks.
Show your horror and call for his impeachment.  He is a traitor.
How about a global approach that doesn't have the U.S.  eating S, while the rest of the world does nothing?
Trump and your party are destroying the country with every misguided decision he makes and the GOP supports. The party's compromised
Blah blah blah. You are complicit blah blah blah
Boston city hall tonight #resist
you read it? Not a treaty not ratified countries set own goals voluntary biggest polluters exempt US pays them billions redction .017 85yrs
Me too....an environmentally 'conscious' 
Not enough. Your party owns this insanity.
Is "disappointed" the best you can do?the man is wrong
thank you for standing up for what's right.
See how appreciative all the mentally ill democrats are of your #RINO "principles"? When will you come to your senses & support @POTUS?
It would be nice if you focused on real issues that impact our state and our country please resign and take angus with you
I disagree with you. Weren't you listening to the reasons, or just against protecting America?
Climate change is BS. It's called weather
Why didn't U All Stand UP to him then? Did U do anything to  this???
do something about it already! Country not party! Nothing will be left !!!!!
@Alt_DeptofED what are you going to do about it?
Thank you, Senator Collins.
1930s Hot in Depression. 1970s Cold in Expansion.  2000 to now Flat temps with biggest global economy ever. GW theory is dead out of gate!!!
Sometimes you get it!
We may not see things the same way, but we agree on this!
Paris read it it kills USA jobs n makes rich ppl in Europe @POTUS @VP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @TGowdySC @SenTedCruz @RepStevenSmith @DevinNunes
I'll agree with you on this. What are you going to do about it? So far you have rubber stamped him and his agenda.
Wow. Disappointed. Strong language there. Get hold of yourself. Not like that is action. Oh. Maine will be under water early.
Then next time the full senate should vote on it
He is a crazy criminal and I think you know that in your heart. Work with other senators to get him out. He must be removed.
Remember when it was called "global warming" guess that theory fell through so now we have moved on to "climate change" what a joke!!
