
He also said do not need isolationism Need IRAN deal, need PARIS environment deal

Macron a globalist hack for Rothschild's banking Cartel!! Kick his ass out of America and tell Merkel not to bother coming!america doesn't care what these Globalist say!

Wow it's really pathetic when the jealous finally learn how to use Twitter.
Sorry President Macron for Trump inappropriately brushing your label and saying it was dandruff. That was not acceptable to many Americans. Thank you for visiting our Country and we are honored.
.
We are so proud of @POTUS and you our #VP The two of you are making a great difference in the entire world. And nothing like this have ever happened. The world is so fortunate to have our A-Team at the White House. God bless the USA.
The iranian people have trusted you. If you do not cancel the barjam traitor to the nation.
Please don’t tweet about a gentleman and a porn chaser in the same post.
Thank you your doing great we.  Appreciate  all ur hard work
#PeaceisBetter
      Mr.President
#PeaceisBetter
What a pathetic and laughable tweet coming from the fake vp. #PenceClosetGayMan #ImpeachTrumpNow
MAYBE IN A WIERD WORLD---A FEW MORE HOURS TOGETHER--THEY CAN TRY TO 'MAKE' A BABY!!


NOTE ;  PEOPLE who ''HATE'' should visit the ''AUSCHWITZ DEATH CAMP'' as I did and see what ''HATE'' can do.
Impeach
You are such s yes man.
Trump is a liar. He makes America look bad every time he opens his mouth!  "Umm we will see what happens, dont know what I'm gonna do yet...."
greet sir

Do you realize he was talking against authoritarian governments? Against nationalism? Against what you and Donald Trump stand for?
Take a serious look at your career and realize how stupid you look following Trump around like a puppy.
Responding to @Eller, u insulted 3: POTUS, VPOTUS and DOGS, there should have been a 4th— yourself.
Mo
TRUMP O MELHOR PRESIDENTE QUE OS EUA JA TEVE. 
"Precisamos pensar grande e sonhar ainda maior. Na América, entendemos que uma nação só vive enquanto estiver se esforçando"
Merda!
Macron works for the best interest for his country and this nation. Trump works for the interest of his businesses. Trade deals that he makes will be to further his businesses, not America. He would sell America to Russia if he profits. MAGA!
Perhaps you would need to search better about who's @EmmanuelMacron & for who he really works...
#FrancePresident works for the best interest of the Elite/Globalist, he was an investment banker at Rothschild & Cie Banque, so do you honestly think #France is his best interest, NO
So, are you saying him and Trump have a lot in common? Both are greedy, self absorbent low lives.
Not at all, @POTUS doesn't belong to the establishment, don't you see that's why MSM is always behind his neck, don't be naive and start looking around w/out all that #HATE that is killing your intellect and clouds your mind darling... #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Nothing is affecting my intellect. I read all. Trump is a crook.
If Trumps business benefit then so do countless others that will bring wealth, jobs, and further our prosperity. If you owned a business and had a candidate saying he was going to lower your taxes, would you really say no to that? I think not.
Yeah, this is true. But unfortunately for you, yours are plain stupidity. Look at the businesses coming back, my bro in law owns a business and his taxes have been cut. He's now investing in expanding. Think about that for a second.
Businesses profit, not hardworking Americans.
Emmanuel means "God with us".
MAGA Make America Gag Again
PENCE IS MEXICO STILL PAYING FOR THE WALL ONE WAY OR ANOTHER?
PENCE I AM WONDERING IF TRUMP CAN MAKE YOUR ASSHOLE GOOD AGAIN? OR MAYBE HE WILL GET A NEW PUPPET?
Hypetcrit
VP Pence, you are just 1 more Trump tool enabling an incompetent administration with a mean-spirited agenda. France is moving forward. America is moving backward toward isolationism, no respect for the environment or science, no need for truth or integrity and hatred for many.
Tens of thousands of Americans are killed and injured by gunfire every year.
"Pro-life" @VP will address the @NRA convention - an organization dedicated to fighting for gun manufacturers to stop reasonable gun safety legislation. @MomsDemand
Gun violence continues to tear our communities apart while Vice President Mike Pence prepares to speak at the @NRA’s annual convention in Dallas, Friday. https://twitter.com/dallaspd/status/988903826366386178 …
Nunca dejo de ser ¡Grande!
I see Macron doing that. Trump not so much.
Most Americans are horrified! So many lies coming from this country's leader (showing his taxes, not having time for golf) all the name calling, and boasting! Macron deserves to be recognized for attempting to be reasonable with Trump!
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！歡迎到台灣旅遊，陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
MAGA! MFranceGA! America first! France first! Be proud of who you are and where you came from!
Аллаһтың келісімінсіз, біз бәрімізді лаулағанбыз. https://www.facebook.com/Taxiarch1/posts/175727776417599 …
MAGA = Mueller Ain't Going Away!!!
America has always been great

Only Jesus Christ is the Master 
#WednesdayWISDOM #dailysteps #gabrielhope.org  #MAGA
God bless you Mr. Vice President.
Kim Jong-In who is threatening the United States and other countries with missiles is a noble person? A wonderful person? President, North Korea repeats again.
bonjoeur mister president
great day for america and france!
Good night id telly you who im sure was checking site postings out on me tonight, because i regonized the persons voice, but im going to keep that to myself.
How could a person charge goverment officials on knowledge he gained from the public library system, thats a total disregrade to the people who died in wars passed our countries faught for.
Cable provider, and if you took actionon these matters like i believe ya'll did we where able to restore some levels of secracy that congress is in control of who see's what Sir/.
The White Walker who would be President....what your back if Pence is in the room!
The main problem the bastrop drug ring has with me from the conversations i pick up.. is that im giving that information up at no cost, when the charge for the information they have.
And if you look at it like this sir its eazier to picture it in your mind okay.
.@VP @POTUS @EmmanuelMacron Historic progress? What the fuck are you talking about now? We've always been allies with the French. Remember that time they gave us the Statue of Liberty, and how now you're snubbing your nose at the message?
Entry we use a break, because of how im able to relate things allowing for quicker understanding during the briefing time, because to my knowledge im the ony that gives ya'll aid at no cost Sir/. Which is just the duty all americans should show to our countries men in office.
Now those idikts started talking shit and i can share exactly what was occuring in our cash equity markets here in the states Sir/.
Action allowing ya'll more time for secracy, because of the open information act i think, our govermental affairs where put out for public viewing, and it was a bad hit our goverment took with that bill, and i think the chiefs of staff that useually design the method of war-
Our lifestyle we enjoy here in america, one can eazily see there wasnt enough competative cable providers i deemed them a moopolistic buisness, that had more power than congress could take on or even the whitehouse, and after noticing that to probally be true i decided it was-
I hate what he stands for and the body lanque he potrayes infront of the camara, but we have a strange working sitsuation i think fits us well. It works and i find salutions to things left out of ya'll"s minds normally, and am ablle to make command desions for ya'll"s plan of-
Dam it getting to the poit cost me the topic of discussion Sir/. There really upset i advised investing the money aquired from those monopoly buisness to be invest in foriegn exspenditure market as i know it to be called, and they cant unerstand why the southern army cant-
Well i guess i ended up being the presidents man again, and im glad to preform mmy duties in that roll. I dont mind donal, and just because i talk bad doesnt mean i dont have a certin level of respect for the man Sir/.
Boy does hearing conversation really give me the edge in being the presidents man Sir/.
Get off trumps d—-
..  Ironic, the two guys in charge of the country with the large private prison system look like they are schmoozing for an invitation to Bastille Day once again.


@FBI Stop being a criminal. Why are you violating 22 U.S. Code § 2378d the Symington Amendment & international law for "Israel?" Stop abetting war crimes/crimes against humanity wi/my tax dollars. Please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Did you happen to belong to the SS in Germany duringWW11?
How does it feel being a puppet to #oligarchs controlling you, the US, essentially stealing from US tax payers violating US/ international law abetting murder, Crimes Against Humanity with my tax dollars? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Is it because you are a puppet to oligarchs is why you are a criminal for “Israel?” Are you aware a 2014 scientific study by Princeton shows the US is no democracy but an Oligarchy? Why else abet crimes? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI“Forget the politicians. politicians are put there to give you the idea you have freedom of choice. You don’t! You don’t have choice. You have owners. They own you!” George Carlin. Puppet Pence please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Why are you abetting crimes committed by organized crime/fascism and/or “zionism?” You a criminal violating US & international law for “Israel” because you are a puppet for fascists and/or the oligarchs? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI Why do we give more military aid to “Israel” than any other state? Considering you are violating US and international law W/aid to "Israel' are you stealing from US tax payers? Stop stealing from me; end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
What did Theadore Herzl (founded "zionism" = fascism/organized crime) mean when he wrote, "The antisemites will become our most dependable friends, antisemite countries our allies"? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is fascism; "zionism"/"Israel”
You aware "Israel" murders children for sport? Ref @ChrisLynnHedges. Despite your claim; murdering children for sport is not one of my values.  Stop abetting murdering children for sport w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Tennessee Speak
*The “Tweets” I message here using 1st Amendment asking you/US to stop violating US/international law for the Crime Against Humanity of "Israel" get forwarded to "senator" feinstein, "senator" harris, "congressperson" lowenthal @ACLU , @theCCR , @pal_legal, @USACBI @NLGnews @FBI
@FBI Stop abetting "Israel's" crimes w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel." “Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectful and give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind” ~ #GeorgeOrwell
Hahaha good one!
I expect strong American leadership and economic growth and World corporations 










Sucking up again. Shameful!!!

They love these TV's....still waiting to bring some down the road to there resting place.....sir sir sir lol
Does the inside of your mouth get scorched blowing all of that smoke?
You are extraordinarily complicit.
Can I get a can I get a #HailPOTUS?
Macron moves France forward, Trump trying to take us backwards
https://twitter.com/winklevosss/status/988957941091971073 …





Nice way to make America great.

Does President Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize after getting North Korea to shut down their missile tests?

Jesus says: There're times to trust God alone.
I wouldn't be so sure for the latter, yet this visit may have inspired him for the better. Let"s wait and see...
All tRump and you have done taken the country backwards.
You are full of shyt coming to Dallas to the NRA conference. Clucking hyprocite.

Keep up the good work #PresidentPence. Won’t be long now
You are so annoying.
Yeah, but @EmmanuelMacron is a real President. Unlike #FakeVP and @realDonaldTrump #ShitHolePresident
The Yazidis want to help the children.
You do know that macron totally disagrees with trump on Iran?  As well he should.  Trump is a moron.
Trump is going to show Macron how to get France back to who they were BEFORE the French Rs, Trump is leading them back to God OVER government. 
What does this mean?
We believe Macron. You two, not at all
Mariners re-acquire pitcher from Red Sox.
Was this replying to the wrong tweet lol

That’s an insulting comparison, for Macron.

Macron despises both of you. But he has the diplomacy Trump lacks.
I cannot speak to France's future. But here we are not making progress. We are repealing long, hard fought gains in environmental protections and civil liberties. Do not pretend you care for all Americans, because you don't.
Mikey and Donnie being played like fiddles. Deliverance.
Yeah well we’re still waiting for the great part. You’ve shut down our competitive  technology edge, dwindled our environmental protections, screwed over farmers, lied to everyone and have the balls to call yourself a Christian!You’ve created chaos and weakened our world position
Trump is an international disgrace
America is screwed under trump - shame
This is great but until France does something about their migrant problem they'll never move forward only backward to the stone age..
One of my great grand uncles was on General Lafeyettes staff at Valley Forge

http://www.thebrodcastbooth.com/a-brief-history-of-the-brodhead-family-as-i-see-it-the-brodhead-homestead/ …

I got to fly the C-141 over France at 10,000 feet during the Iraq war .........unbelievably beautiful

Will Melania do her party piece for the Macrons? Lying on a grand piano with her breast’s hanging out, legs akimbo, what a cabaret act that would make for the Evangelicals, with the lecherous grin on Trumps puffy face to crown the moment!!!

The word "progress" implies forward motion. The damage 45 and his kakistocracy/kleptocracy are inflicting on America will take years to repair.
You are a tool.
President and his representing part who get the public creditabilty of being the reason for change, and almost everytime its after a 8 year democrste held whitehouse which is replaced by a republican partied president and the democrates hate that shit Sir, but i personally-
You known as well as i do evrn though most americans dont know it it its the 8 year outgoing president ad the party he represented while in office whose last 6 months in office or so that are the main reason our country turns scales and has small turn arounds the incoming-
Do you have dandruff VP Pence?  If so, please refer to President Flake so that it can be removed.  Haha hahaha!
France has twice the landmass of Germany on one half of the GDP... people are voting against socialism with their feet....
So embarrassed. Trump is a disgrace. Apologies to President Macron... Trump will be gone soon, if it's any consolations. Nous sommes vraiment désolés, mais il ne représente pas la véritable Amérique.
How much longer before you are 46?
7 yrs
@AmbJohnBolton Says @EmmanuelMacron is Islamisist dream come true.  What does that mean?
You're just as ignorant as Donald Trump is, Mike Pence! Just your votes against American's' Healthcare and fair taxation shows your arrogance and non- compassion for people. You're all of selfish intents and against American values and liberties.
Do you two clowns vet ANYONE??
It’s time.

I can truly see the evolution of our species from ape like creatures when I look at you @VP and all the clamouring Christians vocalizing barbarous ideas. #science
Always on the wrong page Toy @VP...Besides taking credit for Obama's economic achievements and passing that #TaxScamBill that no one wanted or asked for what progress have you clowns made..#CMonSon #WeCallBS
By becoming a drug kingpin?
Trump is the best President ever & Mike Pence is the best Vice President ever now everyone can see what Real Americans look like.
America was already great.  You’re such a kiss ass.
At least France’s leader cares about the planet more than his own interests!

You yutz. You are being played again. Why is everyone smarter than you?
Oh he's made it great again.  Great again for Russian meddling in our elections, but to you Pence, that is making it great again.  My gawd you the phoniest human being on earth, even more disgusting to Putin or Trump either one.
what progress? France has been one of our closest allies for generations
Unlike the xtian @GOP, France takes care of its poor and elderly. While xtians like you are working to starve our elderly and deprive them of healthcare and housing.
