Yes, screw up North Carolina just like you did Indiana. When you leave , take your mom with you.
Never Forget Puerto Rico 
I AM DYING DENIED BY YOUR VA AS I AM FULL OF AO CANCERS AS I HANDLED AO FOR 10 YRS FOR THE USAF.
How much did that game cost the US?



Yay for infrastructure week!
Come to NY and ride the @lirr. We are DESPERATE for help! Emergency status. @NYGovCuomo is not capable of fixing the #lirr. Help please!!!!!!!!!!!
Stop wasting our money.
And in other news....

Oh Internet how do I love thee? Let me count the ways... 

ONE 

When’s your trip to Puerto Rico?  Oh that’s right. Never.
Just GIVE US BACK OUR MONEY.
The basketball game looked great tonight!
How can we pay for those now after the tax giveaway to the rich?
What about the kids?
These are the kids I want to see not some five-year-old jumping for joy because Pence and Elaine Chao landed and yet another airplane flight subsidized by the taxpayers. Stay the hell home both of you and do your job. Pence you are costing the Americans$$$$$$
Did you forget that you gave all the US money to the top 1%?
There's nothing left to do anything.
I'm a GSO native living in FL now. Hoping you get to Tallahasse so I can thank you in person!

SORRY SACK OF SEMEN
. @VP @SecElaineChao What, 20 people meet your plane?
Did Mommy let you go alone with Elaine Chao? What is this world coming to.
You are going to prison too
Look out Mike Pence, Teddy Bear Cruz wants to be on Donald’s dance card! Maybe you should mark your territory Mike...try pissing on Trump. He likes it and Ted will smell your scent!
Were you clear on how private infrastructure works? Rich get tax cuts to build and collect tolls and fees when the Americans use them. The 1% are thriving under Putin, I mean trump. (I actually mean Putin.) About your cover-up for Flynn?
#Impeachment 
#jail
Due process later.
World class roads aren't going to be paid for by the federal government and neither are the bridges and airports private Enterprise mr. Pence. What graft is going to go to whom it's the question. No federal funds just graft and Corruption. Fool
Exactly how much have you budgeted for infrastructure?

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
Crumbling America
Don't listen Greensboro there is no money for infrastructure they gave tax breaks to donors


C'Mon Toy @VP You're always on the wrong page..Instead of taking credit for the work @BarackObama has done you Clowns should be Meeting @CarmenYulinCruz and local businesses in Puerto Rico to discuss Rebuilding the Power Grid, world-class roads, bridges, and airports there..
Hope McConnell  dont mind you flying all over with his wife, did you join mile high club together
Yup. Your great "$ 1.2 Trillion Infrastructure Plan" has under $200 M in funding. North Carolinians can simply scape the tar off their heels and repave their highways.
your boss is too much of a coward to attend the funeral of former First Lady, Barbara Bush.  SAD!
So thankful you took the time to meet my sweet daughter! Bless you!
Oh so very precious I don't know how I could have gone on another day without seeing this. Are you so enamored of Mike Pence that you thought this was wonderful? You need to get a life. He's not worth it and neither is Elaine Chao
Federal court strikes down Indiana abortion law signed by Pence as unconstitutional
@VP 팬스 부대통령님 !대한민국 살려주셔야 합니다 
#신의한수 생방송 18.04.20/ #드루킹 수백억대 자금은 바다이야기?
http://youtu.be/_UUIJmxs-0  @YouTube 님이 공유 
드루킹[김재동] ,대형사고 -#노무현 바다이야기 [사기의 끝판왕] 20조원
드루킹-반드시 #특검 해야합니다 -오원춘=#문창극 [회수]
Thanks Sir for sharing with us such inspiring information . Love from India .
I think you are being #Shadowbanned  by Twitter, I can't share any of your posts unless I copy the link. Weird.
Christian my ass what a hypetcrit you are

Where is this money supposed to come from? I hope it’s not via cutting services to our most vulnerable.
A strong vibrant nation also depends on a “president” who isn’t in the thrall of a foreign adversary.  #Resign #TrumpColluded
Welcome! Thank you both for serving in the greatest administration since the Reagan years!
Oh this is why McConnell left D.C. early this week. Personal agenda.
Elaine Chao?? Isn’t she that blind oriental woman with no sense of smell married to Chickenshit Turdle McConnel? WOW Mikey? What a terrific RepubliKKKan team you 2 make!
Bwaaaahahahaha!
A growing economy depends in the principles oft free market.
we both live in a world with new posablitys, still gettin  better you being in there area it show even more to come,
Seriously, what planet do you think sane, educated, and FREE thinking people are from? We don't want bridges, roads, airports, and our infrastructure contracted to private enterprises where the citizens will be paying tolls.

Oh great, Mikie checking in to make sure people don't forget he is second in line for either Trump being impeached or for running himself in 2020.  Ok Mikie, you can go back to sleep now.

Infrastructure Week!!
Please sign a Petition, we need your Help!#PetycjaSmolenskaDoTrumpahttps://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …
It's so cool that you and Trump are a matching pair..

Of the worst men in office, ever.
Hopefully they're smart enough to no pay any mind to your suggestions. You sure left the state of Indiana's roads in piss poor shape.

I remember the late summer of 1968. I was headed for Miami via thumb. As I came into Greensboro,NC, having been dropped off on I-85S, I looked across to the Northern side, and notice a large billboard with a hooded Klansman and a burning cross. It said, “WELCOME TO KLAN COUNTRY..
Hasn't it been "Infrastructure Week" about 21 times now?
GET OUT
I'm the Boss

World class roads require money. Money requires taxes. #HowThingsWork101
how about world-class prisons, Mike
and yes I suppose its ok to have a bible there,
no, a satanic bible is against prison rules
Buen día 
That's it Mr VP...shake their hands...unlike #creepyunclejoe
Resign Liar
When  him start  every day  about  fbi  war  Latinos  they  have no choice  sex  sex  make sure  have babies  two  years  now babies  boomers  60 % jam  health care
How fitting. Our government’s resident homophobe visiting the country’s most transphobic state.

These Mo-Fo's
Wish this was a picture of you leaving the plane for the last time in 2020 after you get trounced in 2020 elections

LOL. TDS is a terribly sad and alienating existence that I wish upon no one.
Can't wai till you leave for the final time on the plane in 2020 when you and trump lose to @SenSanders  and @TulsiGabbard
Hey, girl!
What you really mean is: I needed another excuse to fly around the country campaigning and fundraising for the GOP on the taxpayers dime. That's the bigger part of your day that you don't tweet about.
You Suck Pence...same goes for that fat orange twatwaffle in the White House 
I fly on a bigger plane!
On Aristocracy: "True, that Fate would bestow influence on some men for reasons other than true wisdom and virtue" ~ Adams ; "Talent being 'natural', a good government has mix of natural talent &wealth conferred"

You know he makes an exception for trump.
Pence you've got a lot of bull.

Your infrastructure plan: Forcing already burdened property tax payers to foot the bill.
You ruined Peyton statue day.
gtfo out of my state...we are turning it back blue
Did you bring the measurements for a new closet?
Where's your spine Mr. Pence?


lawsuit filed today #wikileaks #russianhacking
Fake news.
NC loves you!
Hey Mikey, Donny must secrete some sort of pheromone that drives you wild. Many parasites do that.
Love our VP 
Warm welcome from who?

We don't want you here.
Sure we do. But you are welcome to leave at anytime.
Retweet if you trust Trump.
Must be a lot of DAMN LEFTIST LIBERALS that are answering this!
Resign bigot
Great President @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @VP

Sucker
Received a warm welcome in the Tar Heel State. @SecElaineChao & I will be meeting with local businesses to discuss improving infrastructure in the Greensboro area. A strong & growing economy depends on world-class roads, bridges, and airports.
Your boss and his administration's personal conduct have made the US a joke to the rest of the world.
