woo hoo!  $1.75 every two weeks!!  I can live my wildest dreams!!  What a joke.
lol I am loosing 20.00 dollars every two weeks guess the 1 percent needs more money
So it's totally okay to bring politics into sports when it suits you, but kneeling NFL players are disrespectful?
Why do you keep posting the exact same tweet?
Quick question: which one of Trump's porn star girlfriends do you like best?
I think that Mike is no stranger to the touch of a man so probably none of Trumps paid off mistresses
You mean lying to uneducated people, trying to convince them that the #GOPTaxScam is putting $ in their pockets 
My paycheck went up $27 a week, but so did gas prices and interest rates. Life's funny that way!
Mine went up $12. Next year it will go down $57. Yeah, life's funny
True story.
apparently the lying is contagious
I’m still waiting for the extra cash in my paycheck .......
So are a lot if us!!
OF us not if, stupid autocorrect 
FAKE NEWS !!!! From A FAKE ASS FRAUDULENT  & CORRUPT EXCUSE FOR A "Vice President"  Who Is A Spineless POX On The Nation
Where's trump? Guess he's too busy playing golf so you're doing his job.

You and Nikki Haley better damn well not be running against my President.
#ResignMikePence
Did you share this?   I bet not.
It was a gift to your donors. Middle class America isn’t that stupid.


Do you think @MichaelCohen212 will flip, flip out, or both?
#GOPTaxScam
Thanks for coming to our state!
Hey, girl
Good choice: Charlotte's home to Bank of America, one of America's six largest banks, who collectively just pocketed $3.6 BILLION last quarter—over $1BB a month—thanks to your tax giveaway to the rich and powerful.

Now, tell us about those "hard working Americans" again?
Yes all the Big Banks are thrilled to not have paid billions in taxes this first quarter. Stop spewing lies that it helped the middle class!!
Telling more lies to the poor, Pence?
A pack of Tic Tacs and the good ramen noodles. Thanks, #Trump, #Pence #TrumpTaxScam
Resign
Mike this is you too: 'Art of the Deal' co-author @tonyschwartz breaks down how Trump 'gaslights' his base by repeating falsehoods:
I live in CHarlotte and we Hate You and Trump- you guys lost your taint by 25% here.......#IllegitimatePresident
Traitor.
THANK YOU
ur the best let make it happen rn

Vice President Pence won too.
Charlotte doesn't want you, where you speaking at? Last time was in NODA to a crowd of 50 people. Blue Wave coming
They are NOT helping families. Stop lying
Why did you disable the comments on your DUMB video link? Cant take the HEAT then get out! Resign!
That's a mighty big recession Bush Tax Cuts led us to....and yours are even larger. 
OIL prices have already cost me the $1000 so-called tax cut. 
 #jackass
Claims he is on a budget and spends our tax money on a game and THEN walks out? a Disgrace!
Trump is the most secretive President in American history. He was lying when he promised the American people that he would release his tax returns during the 2016 campaign. There are secrets contained in Trump's tax returns that would have undoubtedly disqualified his candidacy.
Charlotte will have the largest impeachment parade EVER

There are no benefits to working Americans. You are a fu*king liar. 97% of tax break spent on stock not new jobs, not wage growth and not economy stimulus. Fu*k you.
Show all those empty seats. The Blue wave is coming! 
Charlotte NC seats were empty. They refused to listen to your lies.
Tax Scam!  
Please stop lying to “We, the people”.
Hard working middle class once again got the shaftyou are delusional 
You keep talking buddy , but we working folks haven't seen any benefits yet. Just lots of rich rich rich people getting big tax breaks.  Keep talking.....
Hey P. T. Barnum, if it were any good for them, then it would be selling itself now that it has been passed for some months.
tax scam
you, Mike!
Tax benefits for billionaires Mike.
Tax Cut is great if you make $750,000 or more. Other than that, it's just an opportunity for you to go on vacation and waste taxpayer money like @ScottPruittOK.
@GOP  tax scam
POS!
Did U tell them how they are screwed?
Bish pls
Remember folks, nothing in the "Steele Dossier" has been dis-proven, absolutely nothing.
True!

You fiscal conservatives sure are racking up a 2 TRILLION dollar deficit pretty quickly!

No Sir You're Not Only Talking About The So Called [Benefits] Of The @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump Tax Cuts, These Tax Cuts Are Your [VP] Tax Cuts Too #VP Also @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan All Of You Own These Damn Tax Cuts @FoxNews @Newshour @CNN @MSNBC @AP
VP Pence Tries To Slyly Disown These Costly Tax Cuts, By Touting These Tax Cuts As Strictly #DonaldJTrump Tax Cuts = No Sir These Tax Cuts Are Yours Too #VPPence Don't Try To Distance Yourself From The #TaxCuts That You Pushed For Also = You Can't Sidestep Your Costly Tax Cuts
What benafits? Can we get a breakdown of what your saving the small business, from what my accountant told us we lost so much.

God bless Vice President Pence For the Great Job 

You are kidding, right?  Oh you must be talking to the 1%.
Working hard
Yes I agree with the other person that said lying is contagious. Apparently you are picking up some of Trumps traits
Temporary tax cut for the majority....also known as a bribe.

Lying hypetcrit shame pence God is watching you

N Korea says it will shut down its nuke program and meet with Pres Trump. Who is most responsible for this sudden change? #tcot #P2
Fake ass news
. @VP Lying to the hard  working Americans who believed the hype. They'll keep trying to believe, but in no time truth will out.

Then so will you.
#PuertoRico #FlintMichigan  #DoYourJobYouRacistFuck
@VP may you chicken your next cream pie!!
Supposedly you have the ability to be in to different places now so where else are you? Photoshopping fools.
Your doing a great job Vice president Pence

You should be arrested for the debt you’ve assigned to our children.

Grandkids will be paying off your debt through retirement. 

Sick, Puppet Pence
We wanted to come but a schedule conflict messed us up.  Please keep us on the invite list.   We are all Trump/Pence.
Lackey.
Blah Blah Blah. Vote GOP out in November. We will all pay a high price for the so called tax cuts.
Where are the numbers to back that up that statement? #Impeachment
Thank you Mr. Vice President!
Short conversation I imagine.....
You said “hard”. Another subliminal message?
We need help with controlling Health Insurance costs, they are still out of control.
Force Congress and their interns on the same insurance the rest of us have to use!
benefit? Hahahaha, just have to laugh at his perverted sense of truth
My thoughts and prayers go out to all that believe you.
the rice and chicken is good...............can we make it a goal to get soymilk in the schools? turky day chicken day burger day man i used to love the free perry pizzas
Jesus doesn't like it when you lie.

U mean lying about the tax cuts!   They will find out soon enough!
Impeach Trump!!!  Do your job!
Again, I’ve seen no benefit in my check. It’s nice to know that @realDonaldTrump receives millions.
Oh ye of little honesty. Let thee be SPANKED!
Did you tell them about the cuts in Medicare?
They only helped the rich.  What a joke.

Can you, Mr. VP believe how badly the #Democratics, #StormyDaniels #Comey @cnn @msnbc #Resistance #hollywood @neeratanden@wolfblitzer @jaketapper @maddow #TheView @WhoopiGoldberg @JoyVBehar @BetteMidler #millennials So many want you as their President.
If they are so great, why will they expire?

Huge respect! Thank you for coming to my State 


Yep, speak to rich white dudes about the benefits.
I guess Stormy couldn’t make this trip.


Keep the lies going we will all know the truth come filling time. We are screwed.
How about your funky anti abortion law being ruled unconstitutional.  Any comments?
I have family in Rock Hill South Carolina familiar with the location God Bless America
Does your boss EVER work??!!
This sums it up: The conspiracy constituted an act of previously unimaginable TREACHERY: the Campaign of a major party in league with a hostile foreign power to bolster his own chance to win the Presidency. TRUMP AND @GOP COMMITTED TREASON 

Tax cuts for the rich only. You are pushing propaganda only as usual.
Great news!
You mean you are speaking to rich donors about the Trump tax scam

Try as you might, your ongoing spin re: #GOPTaxScam is BS. #liesliesandmorelies #penceliesmatter #PenceKnew
He’s in Charolette? I was not aware of this.
No P3’s! #clttraffic
When do they have to pay it back? SERIOUSLY... WHEN... NOT IF... WHEN? https://twitter.com/mrwebber35/status/986494377160671232 …
Donnie Dumbtards Tax Scam total fake news like he is a Fake mental unbalanced President
Hey, guess you got a huge tax cut like all the rich people. Now you won't have to use campaign funds to pay rent and car payments.
That’s great. Maybe they can relate to my story. I can now buy a Big Mac for lunch daily instead of just a burger . Wow, what a life changer. Thanks for helping out us little guys.
LOL. Did you tell them about the massive increase in the national debt?
The declaration of independence of the United States of America sends shockwave across the world of humanity freedom and human dignity if you want America first please restore that Yemen 4/20/15
Charlotte loves Mike Pence! Hope to meet you. 
They helped me pay $27,000.00 more in taxes. Thanks a freaking bunch.
Trumps tax scam !  Resign
#GOPTaxScam
Hazanga!
hahahahahahahahaha....what benefit??? you should go to shareholder meetings, and small business assoc meetings, we benefit, not employees
Looking for a any data entry expert or excel data entry expert, I will do any data entry and web scraping in 10 hours, if you r interested hire me click this link

