Moon rover cancelled. Yep, we’re leading alright. Dumb-ass pence.
Good lord the man knows nothing.
Flat Earth's finally get control of NASA.
How the hell are we going to lead in space when all of our budget is going to an already overly inflated military and a asinine border wall???
America has always lived in space and does not need restoring
Actions, appropriations and missions speak louder than words.  Hope POTUS will actually support NASA as he should.
That's all well and good but why do we keep pirating good Republican Representatives putting at risk staying the majority in Congress?
I would like to mention that the science and engineering of earth observations will be vital in sensing new frontiers and planets in space. Don’t trash earth observation as it’s vital to space exploration! @MG_AFRG

Fraud
Recruiting a guy who has no qualifications in the field is the perfect choice for NASA Mr. Pence. What a stupid administration.
How do you know?
Seems like he, with legal and policy background, is a great fit for this job. Pack his advisory board with scientists, determine, funding, and work with those who were his colleagues from his days in congress. Great call, gentlemen and congratulations, sir!
WE ALREADY WERE LEADING IN SPACE.  Stop believing our nation--or NASA--sprung into being fully grown on the moment you people seized power.  (Not took office...seized power.)
Another unqualified Trump pick who will need to be schooled before he even knows what's going on in the agency he's supposed to run. Trump is a slow motion tragedy for NASA and for our country.

Sure would be nice if he knew a single fucking thing about the job.
L'AMERIQUE DOIT RETROUVER SA PLACE DANS L’ÉCHIQUIER MONDIAL.
Yes, Congrats on getting a job you have zero experience in. Wouldn't America Be Great Again if we did that with every position...oh wait...
Thank you FOR no random capitalization
Who will be the first gay in space.
@RepJBridenstine has no scientific background or experience running an agency NASA's size, denies climate change science, unlike
NASA Administrators like 
Griffin: Physicist / aerospace engineer (2005-2009)
Bolden: Major General & NASA astronaut (2009-2017)

1/ 2
2/ 2
Lightfoot Jr.: Test engineer / Director of Marshall Space Center (acting, 2017-18)
Bridenstine: Congressman, climate change denier (2018–)
#Sagan and #Hawking must be rolling in their graves.
He was seen boarding a plane with this tucked under his arm. Make of that what you will...
might have been nice to have someone remotely qualified by experience to run the agency but why should he be the outlier in Trumps administration of foxes guarding hen houses or worthless political hacks incompetently running various agencies.
Must be revenue.  No way climate denying Trump is interested in exploration.
And what exactly should be the qualifications for being NASA administrator? Maybe being a scientist?
Everything you say about the US you always have to congratulate "dear leader".  PLEASE stop!
Restore what didn't need to be restored? Traitor.

How about next time we put someone in the position who is actually qualified for the job.
@POTUSMe alegro.
i heard u shine ")potus'"shoes and tie his tie for him every morning - and then go to confession - puppetpence, the perfect puppet!
What did Pence know and when did he know it? #pencetoo
He has no idea how to run NASA. Why is every agency science agency headed by anti-scientice?
Is there oil in space?
Distract through media,  obstruct through congress,  try to gain House and Senate this year,  and entroduce impeachment papers! This is their only plan! America has always been on to them!
Were the only country that has a company that has landed a rocket, we've led space forever, you fucking moron.
A climate denier leadind NASA? He will fit right in.
Mr. VP, could you remind me of his qualifications?
The swamp isn't just rising its spreading.
It is a very sad day for NASA. Someone who has zero experience on science. Shame on @POTUS
So, @GOP finally going to prove Earth is flat?
Jesus hates you @VP
Does he even know how to add 1+1 ?
Will he be the commander of the new space army?  That’s exciting. Please spend more money on defense. Our country is under attack!!  More weapons in space ought to scare hell out of Russian bots and hackers.
Lead in space once again? When have we not led?

Your boss sucks
#ConfirmGrenell
Can we just stick the POTUS and a capsule and shoot him into space? That way the POTUS can truly be a leader as the first White Collar criminal shot into space
*Correction: Under the Citizens of the United States of America.
Wish I could believe you @VP @NASA
Pence, you and your GOP cronies are all doomed to be voted out soon.  The world will heave a sigh of relieve.
Launch you first
I hope NASA has a good inspector general they are going to need one with this guy..
OH Great one more totally UNQUALIFIED person confirmed by the GOP 
#VoteOutAllGOP 
#VoteThemAllOut
It is remarkable that republicans know where is NASA. I always thought they missunderstood it for Disney world. It will be very interesting how a Flat Earther will react when NASA scientist's briefing is concluded.He will probably  them all & bring some pastors from Utah...
Will NASA be building walls in space now?
I never knew you were such a comedian.
You are a Trump Traitor, complicit after the fact.
I guess NASA will get a long list of words they cannot say anymore, as well as a list of science projects they cannot continue
My kindergartener knows more about science then bridenstine...
He’s a great addition to the #Swamp  with no doubt #Bigly!
Why are people being appointed to positions where they have NO EXPERIENCE?
No qualifications, just like the rest of Spanky’s horrible choices.
Why would Trump appoint someone competent for an office since he is so incompetent himself?
So now  that you want America to be a leader in space exploration again, are you going to reflect the universe was formed in 7 days biblical versions and accept valid science now?
Oh, and climate change is real....
WTF? What the hell are you going to restore? Reagan's Star Wars fiasco?
Respectfully, how will a climate change denying man with no scientific background who is completely unqualified to lead a space administration being put in charge of @NASA going to help us do anything with regards to either space or restoring pride in anything?
I have been complaining about Israel Talmud police training book that is totally against our constitution as to create hate and division and now a state is waking up to the nightmare of the creation.
MORE CHILD DARK NET PORN? I CANT STAND THE INCOMPETENCE!
Mueller is coming for you too!!! Lol
*cough* space X *cough*
What are his qualifications? Oh yeah ... this administration believes the people with none should run agencies. #VoteThemOut2018
is pence a flat earther?
now lets fund nasa with 1/8 the defense budget and get off this rock!
I cannot believe you feel he is qualified!
You're full of shit, Mike!
When did we stop leading in space?
There really should be a selection for LOL. Remember Michael D. Brown (FEMA director during Katrina)? This person has all the same earmarks of another probably well meaning (in his own mind), naive, incompetent. Too bad so many people have to suffer, due to political stupidity.
National security reference gives the game away. Nukes in space soon folks.
They are just trying to figure out how to put Trumps wall somewhere else.
FUCK OFF PENCE...
& I bet NASA would like to fire the climate denier into space
Please tell me Bridenstine will be scientifically exploring space and not looking for angels
Yeah, a science denying hateful bigot is really a good choice.
You picked the wrong person. But what's new there. You and tRump haven't a clue on what you're doing. Go way!!!!
Were the Jetsons unable to take the job
Bridenstine is as uneducated as the rest of the Trump clan
We will need a new planet after his disastrous environmental reversals and contempt for the one we have now. So sure, let us spend trillions looking for a new one rather than take care of the one we have now.
#Unfit
How about appointing someone who is actually qualified for that position? I can just feel the mass resignations from NASA already. Private companies are our only hope in reaching the stars at this point.
Two peas in a fact-free scientifically-illiterate pod.  SMH.
Wait. Do you guys even believe in space?
With Trump's help, we might finally get to the moon! 
NASA will now become the Space Warfare Administration with this new guy. This is unbelievable.

Oh great, we didn't need this. https://twitter.com/newscientist/status/987044349304365056 …
to keep our children and grandchildren left the burnt planet Earth!
if you do not respect Russia in space, then you guarantee Star Wars! Remember parity is better than one-sided, oblique obstinacy. I'm glad that NASA came to an intelligent guy .. Do not listen to politicians who have cancer, and they do everything
Not thanks to your & @POTUS @realDonaldTrump’s administration, Mr. @VP. Thanks to @elonmusk @SpaceX @JeffBezos @blueorigin& PRIVATE enterprise, space exploration‘s en route to Mars, feeds #ISS & even launches #TESS. Wasn’t @NASA, wasn’t you & less so #orangegoblin in @WhiteHouse
Idiot
Yes please lead us in space again we can’t wait until you lead us in space! America will lead space again once you lead us in space. Hey space — see you soon!
@POTUS @BarackObama @JeffBezos so what ever happened to the 19 billion @NASAEarth received after being "grounded"?
Remember esteemed ones who claim the mars program isn't an uncharted island. it looks weird for the top scientists and PHD's to want to encapsulate and jettison 
to an uninhabitable planet. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars,_Incorporated …
I assume you appointed him because he's willing to turn NASA into your "space force". Too bad it's a long-range goal, and you'll be a short-term "administration".

Écouter Le premier single de D'ARTA " 2PAC " par HUSTLER- RECORDS #np sur #SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/hustler-records/le-premier-single-de-darta …
Yeah, right. This guys knows nothing about science. How could you put him in charge of #NASA ?
The closest he's ever been to anything NASA related has been as director of an air and space museum, and with him in charge that's exacyly where the program will end up. Welcome to EPA Part II.
Hey VP, You’re congratulating a man who doesn’t believe in science to head up an agency dedicated to furthering our understanding of science.   It’s people like you that excommunicated Galileo from the church.  PS: the Bible isn’t a history book.
Highly unqualified for the job at hand.  Just like your administration.
Completely unqualified, but good luck.
If you fund it, things will happen.
Clown
Another flat earth believer. Stellar appointment Donny, you pick only the best, that includes you mike.  Can’t wait to see the damage done by this climate denier. So much winning....
where'd he say Earth is flat?

and climate denier is the stupidest term ever lol. who denies that there is a climate?
Completely unqualified to run such an immense program based in science. Proves again that the GOP doesn’t value science and education.
Let's make our future now,and let's make our dreams Tomorrow's reality.Well Done America.
Under @POTUS America gets ANOTHER unqualified person to run an important government agency. #ThanksButNoThanks
How about someone who's qualified you narrow minded twit
YOUDONTBELIEVEINSCIENCE
Opposite day again so soon?

Bridenstine has no science or engineering degree.

Previous Admin commanded the Space Shuttle twice.

B4 him Admin had degrees in physics, aerospace sci,
aerospace, electrical, & civil engineering, & applied physics.

#OnlyTheBest
Space marines!!! Morons.
YEAH
So simple Simon does that mean u wanted the job
No honor!
Oh boy a science denier running NASA. What could go wrong?
So just how much did you sell your soul for? Serious question.
He is a terrible choice, just like you
Republicans: “government-ran nasa will make us great again!”

Also republicans: SMALL GOVERNMENT RAWR!!!! PRIVATE SECTOR FTW!!!

Everyone else: I don’t know @elonmusk is kind of killing it over there...
What prosperity do we get from space?
first Devos now Bridenstene?? They are both idiots to take the jobs and your administration is even worse to appoint these no talent hacks.
A non scientist at NASA. Is that what little ol' Hanover College taught you about governance Mr. VP? They should be ashamed of you.
What an awful, political hack you chose. You are a man without conscience or morals Mr Pence.
Would love to see you on the next Mars shuttle
And, I don't believe he's qualified.  Shame on congress.
He is an idiot...just like you are..by the way, learn the difference between a theory as in an assumption and a scientific theory as in the theory of gravity, germ theory, and yes, the theory of evolution...

Was there no one who was actually qualified for the job?
Please help bring more funding to NASA
Hope some better funding comes along for NASA with the new boss!
Are we really traveling to see god in space?? Thank you me VP
The climate change denier with no scientific experience is now in charge of NASA?  Lord Jesus help us all!
Amen!!
He'll fit right in.
Put someone in there with a background in aerospace, physics, and REALITY! Climate change deniers have NO place being in charge of science based departments that are supposed to advance our existence!!!!
Well said!
How do you pay for it???????????????????????????????????
If we get back into the space game, we will create many high tech jobs and opportunities for Americans to reach for the stars once again!  Mars perhaps?  I sure do wish I’m still alive to see it!  I watched as the first man stepped on the surface of the moon in total awe!
The only legacy any of you are securing is the outright destruction of every institution in this country. It's like you go out of your way to hire the most incompetent people possible. You are all a disgrace to this nation.
He is totally incompetent for this position, just like everyone else Trump nominated and the rogue GOP approved. God has turned his back on America.
Seems like this guy only lauds science, when it’s convenient.
How long will this guy last before he is fired or quits his job.
It's official, I know more about rocketry than the director of NASA.
I'm sure he flew in a plane a few times. Probably pretty high up there too!
More incompetence from your criminal administration!
Academic degrees in SCIENTIFIC FIELDS are essential for NASA and @EPA leadership!!
Let me guess: he doesn't believe in Newton's third law of motion.
seriously tho... he was almost certainly chosen because he is a "climate change skeptic" (we need a more concise phrase for this... maybe, "Earth hater?") and NASA does a lot of climate change research (which he can hinder if not cancel)


#Collusion



What a joke. Can’t you find someone qualified? Of course not. What was I thinking?






#FollowTheMoney










