Puerto Rico!!!! What about helping people there?!!!

WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICO? #PuertoRico
Don’t forget about Puerto Rico.
How's Puerto Rico doing? Have you visited there yet?
HAS MOTHER SEEN PICTURES OF YOU HUGGING OTHER WOMEN?!?!?!
Our Vice President is the BEST!
Why are you doing TRUMPS job?
Oh wait..... he's got his golf shoes on and talking to PUTIN on the phone.
Yeah, just like you did for Puerto Rico.
How about Puerto Rico?
Now go tour Puerto Rico, Sir!
Sooooo my question is why didn't #45 travel to Greensboro? He's not invited to the funeral he's definitely not making America great, & this tornado touched down Sunday, it is now Friday. They probably didn't want him to come & throw paper towels to them anyway.
@VP was actually here for a fundraiser. The tornado was secondary.

thank you for you & President Trump not having the sink or swim attitude toward these disasters as in past presidents.  This is only ONE reenforcer of being FOR the American people!
Unless you live in Puerto Rico
Mother says we need #GunReformNow
Mother says “don’t leave home without your gun and a knife” 
Thank you for visiting our city. You are helping @POTUS #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Maybe #45 would have visited Greensboro NC if Putin would have told him they have fine strippers. Ijs
Would that be the same level of support as you’re giving #PurtoRico ? 

Asking for a friend.....
I'm sure the help is coming from more than only First Responders and Southern Baptists.

But that's ok. It's funnier to see you forcing yourself to hug black people.
Good - but when are you and Trump going to do likewise for Puerto Rico?
Like you support Puerto Rico?
Puerto Rico.
But the bigly ocean...
What about Puerto Rico,? Are you going there next?
New report exposes Mike Pence’s ‘extreme and nefarious’ anti-LGBT agenda
Human Rights Campaign calls Vice President Pence 'one of the greatest threats to equality'
Thousands of LGBT Activists Storm Mike Pence's Hometown for Gay Pride Event
This 18-year-old organized the first-ever gay pride event in Mike Pence's hometown
Puerto Rico?
Who is helping the families in #Flint Michigan? Please answer. The Governor has stopped bottled water supply. These are Americans!!!
have you recently toured the damage that has STILL not been repaired in Puerto Rico? Or isn't that topic worth a few points of false concern and pandering by you, any longer?
It;s wonderful you are helping these incredible people but get your butt to Puerto Rico and Take Care of the Americans there who have suffered under your Admin for far too long. It's absolute cruelty and racist. How do you sleep at night?
Let me guess, thoughts and prayers to the victims and family’s, thanks to the courageous first responders. What is this trip cost big the country and how does the country benefit from the cost?
Thank you  @VP @POTUS
Thank you!
Sexual assault is a felony and adultery is a sin. You seem to have no issues with Donny on those issues.
Sue the DNC

How? Hillary isn't president!
Awwww, you can't keep Hillary's name out of your mouth. That's cute 
Good stuff and thank you - noble work
Your love of @realDonaldTrump shows by your relentless, visable, admiration...you had knowledge of Flynn's activity when it mattered..you said nothing.
Whew. Good thing it wasn't in a blue state. Or Puerto Rico.
Great to see leaders who care and lead with integrity, and honesty GREAT JOB!! TRUMP/PENCE 20/20

Sorry but Republican policies have left a lot of our community behind to begin with.
All the photo ops with people of color will not wash the taint of racism from your administration. 
You need to resign before you too end up impeached.
Penceisgay
We  you @VP ! #KAG
Have you seen the hurricane damage in Puerto Rico?  They’re still living in poverty conditions. Do you care about them?  Will you help them out?
You planning any trips to comfort your fellow citizens in Puerto Rico?

Why didn't you telepathically beg for magic from your invisible space wizard?
Why don't you take a trip to Puerto Rico? Don't you recognize that Puerto Ricans are American citizens?
What about Puerto Rico you shill?
Have you been to #PuertoRico ?
And most importantly, you get such great photo ops.
#MAGA
Did you make the list?
You're ignoring #PuertoRicoRelief
God bless you. 
Your boss is GOLFING AGAIN!    Gonna skip the Bush Funeral.   #laziestpresidentever
Puerto Rico pays no federal taxes so why should OUR federal government be worried about it
Because they r American citizens.
Trust me, you don't fit in in GSO.
Ah yes, the guy in/from Cambridge gatekeeping.
From Mooresville bro
The GOP will most likely succeed in demolishing rule of law regardless of our trivial banter. Not sure why you're interested in me.
Find another way to help the recovery other than FEMA. Still have no relief after Hurricane Matthew.If not the Feds issue, find a way to bypass state issues and help those deserving.
Tornado Chasing VP?  @VP - that’ll keep you out of trouble.  You and @SecretaryZinke - two powerhouses.
Does your boss know that a lot of these people are people of color?

N Korea says it will shut down its nuke program and meet with Pres Trump. Who is most responsible for this sudden change? #tcot #P2
So only “people of faith “ are assisting? What a crock of propaganda
yeah, just look how we've been 'with' Puerto Rico to help them 'recover' - 'continuing to do all we can to support them' - oh wait!!!   it's been 7 MONTHS!!!!!!

God bless us poor people and let’s pray they get their lives back together quickly.
Maybe you ought to go to Puerto Rico.
What about Puerto Rico?? Did you forget all those Americans who are still struggling to recover 7 months after the hurricane ...
Looks like you did ... yet you call yourself a Christian.
The hypocrisy is beyond comprehension.
This after this admin gave us a whopping million dollars for hurricane relief last year. This was a photo opp.
Meanwhile in Puerto Rico????????
This is what a real leader looks like Nancy Vaughn
Keep up the great work. We greatly appreciate your compassion and hard work!
Just like Puerto Rico??

Pretty vitriolic for someone who doesn't know the difference between 'they're' and 'there' in 'their' bio.
Puerto Rico still not getting your attention!!!!  
Trump administration proposes 8 percent budget cut at National Weather Service, reduction in staff
Damn, for a minute there I thought you were in Puerto Rico. Will trump not allow you to visit them?
Compasiune
si mahnire.
Stay tone for the next saga of leadership the sappy one.
You're garbage in a suit. You will hang with the traitors. @realDonaldTrump is either resigning or walking the gallows on WH lawn to leave you in charge? @FBI please have enough to take him down too. @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
@RandPaul
Great job Mr. President and vice president finally we have leaders that really care about America and our allies instead of that piece of krapp Obama
You mean the Trump tornado?
What about #PuertoRico? #GOPScrewJob
Hey, how about Puerto Rico?
You've failed Puerto Rico!!!!!!!!!
Puerto Rico was corrupt and bankrupt before the hurricane.
Where's the money the feds gave them?
Better tone white in NC. Than Latino, and in the dark, in puerto rico.
Have you toured power-less #PuertoRico yet?

Fix Puerto Rico ya shill!!
So glad you are the VP.
U didn't help PR why should they believe U!!
We good, go back 
. @VP @POTUS So you're with North Carolina in their time of trouble, but not Puerto Rico? You're worried about South America and Cuba, but ignore our own.

So fucking Christian of you.
#PuertoRico
But what about Puerto Rico?
So touching Mikie....How about taking a trip on down to Puerto Rico while your out and about and see you get the same response.  Tell them all about your faith and other silly asses lies about yourself, I'm sure they will receive you so well.
My son voted for Hillary Clinton, but I love him anyway and always will.
That's amazing! Great Job 
But when will you or
 @realDonaldTrump do anything for
the Americans that are STILL
  suffering in #PuertoRico 

#TrumpFailedPuertoRico 
What about Puerto Rico
Stop the lies @POTUS is playing golf that's the only thing he's good at unless he cheats like he does on his wife and pay off porn stars
What about #PuertoRico ?
@VP and @realDonaldTrump - just like you helped Puerto Rico?? Or are you going to hang NC out to dry also? No integrity in this administration.
You look ridiculous in every picture. A gay little boy swimming in a big boys shirt. Just come out of the closet Mike, it will be ok, I promise God will still love you.
http://people.com/celebrity/donald-trump-motorboats-rudy-giuliani-in-drag-in-unearthed-sketch/amp/ … Another compadre of @realDonaldTrump married three times! Once to his mistress!
.Are they going to get aid before #PuertoRico ?

Does this include all LGBTQ people as well?
Let's Pray  for the Tornado Victims of North Carolina USA
God bless them & those who help 
Puerto Rico. On the agenda? Or isn't it caucasian enough?
Have you sent the National Guard to Puerto Rico yet?
How are things going in Puerto Rico?  Could you maybe check up on them?
WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICO???
A porn star
Send my thoughts and prayers mike. I would donate money but tax scam left me broke
TOO BAD YOU DON'T HAVE THE SAME COMPASSION FOR THE BABIES, ELDERLY, CHILDREN AND THOSE WHO NEED HOSPITAL CARE IN PUERT RICO.  WHERE ARE THE SHELTERS, CLEAN WATER, ENGINEERS?  WHERE IS THEIR SUPPORT?  NOT CHRIST LIKE BEHAVIOR.  HYPOCRITE
Puerto Rico.
US-backed Syrian fighters capture militant linked to 9/11 attacks
Thank you so much pence, So sad and frightening to know it struck so close to me. Stay strong GSO we got this. Much 
whose pence molesting in that pic
What about Puerto Rico?
What about Puerto Rico?????
Puerto Rico!!!!!
Look out Mike Pence, Teddy Bear wants to be on Donald’s dance card! Maybe you should mark your territory Mike...try pissing on Trump. He likes it and Ted will smell your scent!
Did you throw rolls of paper towels at them?
Hope they get electric back better then Puerto Rico because that's a embarrassment to this administration and shows no compassion
So when do you go to help the Americans in Puerto Rico?
Mr VP, What about Puerto Rico, THEY ARE AMERICANS!!
what? DISGUSTING that you use your "faith" for political gain. VOTING BLUE, AS IN CAROLINA BLUE, 2020
PUERTO RICO!!!!
Thank you for coming to my State dear Vice President. I live in Kannapolis and we just had a very harsh storm. God bless you!
Dear Texas & America, why is our POTUS not going to Barbara Bush's funeral? I swear if he live tweets Faux News, yells at the DOJ, and golfs tomorrow I am going to lose it - how about you?
You should at least be at Barbara Bushs funeral. Trump decided to go golfing instead.
Mikey, you're a freak. And not in any way do I mean that as a compliment.
Hey im still, NaiveBorn(1982)USAhere,From  Weslaco,Tx.GraduatedElementary.I'm  GardenLess,WifeLess,FruitLess,HeavenLess.IGotTheNoBoDyCaRe$Insurance #4everSingleVirgin I guess you don't believe in GOD?

Just don't ask us for money for poor people
How can you call yourself a Christian and support your boss?  BTW, atheists are Americans, too.
What about Puerto Rico?
#GodBless the world's heroes.

Just like you did for Puerto Rico right?
How are you supporting Puerto Rico?
You dingbat they don't need your support they need your money,bet you $10 none of them but get their s*** rebuilt. They just laying out these lies thinking that you going to vote for them in the 2020 election.
Get the fu(k outta my state, we don’t need your kind here. LEAVE
What about fuking Puerto Rico?
WHOT IS HAPPENING HERE IS NOT "MY COMUNITY"
That's great Mr. VP.  Can you send some of that help and compassion to the people in PR too?
Christian hahahaha what a hypetcrit you are
your boss is too much of a coward to attend the funeral of former First Lady, Barbara Bush.  SAD!
Eh, at least one of the two of you are doing your job...
Coincidence or was this not the look of a President
We have an awesome president and vice president let’s get this country back on its feet again thank God for Donald Trump drain that dirty swap
Wow we usely don't expect tornado in NC
How about the tornado damage happening in our White House?
Trump is NOT "with" them.  Trump has ice-water for blood and couldn't care less for churches without many rich GOP donors.
Twitter is blocking conservative tweets
The experts in exporting false expectations and continuing with simulations, now should understand very well that I have changed now. # Actions
