Wisconsin Has Seen Largest Middle-Class Decline Of Any State, Study Finds | Wisconsin Public Radio
Income Inequality In Wisconsin At Highest Level Since Great Depression | Wisconsin Public Radio

How Minnesota's governor performed an economic miracle by raising tax on the rich and increasing minimum wage
Bottom line only 220,000 millionaires in the U.S. will share if a massive Billions upon Billions of dollars wind fall.  The American People lose.  You sold us out.  This will be your legacy if you ever try to run for President.  #DOOMEDFUTURE
Some believe Pence is Russia dirty.
Thank God @tammybaldwin didn’t vote for the #GOPTaxScam
An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
Are you talking to Wisconsin's billionaires???


Americans remember when pence and trump supported a child molester for Congress.
and they also campaigned for Governor Greiten of Missouri!!!1

Pence and Walker now saying away from Greiten but they both still support the president who has been accused of sexually assaulting 19 women and p***y grabbing!
staying
Don’t you get tired of spewing the same pack of lies?
You never put Indiana first.






Okay, Wisconsin vote GOP. Suit yourself.
If any of you guys believe a single word out of any politicians mouths. All they ever spout is propaganda. Both sides are guilty of this and America needs to wake up. Politicians are only doing what’s in their best interest not yours. We live in a 2 class society. Wake up people

Hey Mikey, sexual assault is a felony and adultery is a sin. Here's your pal Donny in his own words.
Hey Mikey, sing the chorus of this tune to Mother, @SecondLady. I'm sure she'll love it almost as much as you love the soft caress of Donny's tiny, little fingers on your inner thigh.

Mikey, you finished your speech?  Did you dump Mother and find a real man in Milwaukee? Maybe another nice Air Force pilot.
Fox News poll: Most Americans think Mueller will find Trump committed criminal or impeachable offenses http://hill.cm/cfK9Sio  #TrumpTreason
They’re pitching Walker overboard this fall, just as we would have thrown you out in Indiana.
Wisconsin. You KNOW what to do.

The tax cuts for whom? Not the average American. I call BS.

Personal email much? And how's that web site, Mikey? I haven't looked at it in a while.
Bite me!
God bless our President Donald Trump and VIce President Mike Pence!
Keep up the outstanding work sir.  Semper Fi.
Mike and Governor of Missouri who sexually assaulted and blackmailed hi s girlfriend who he had an affair with. #GoP
Shut up
Keep voting republican Wisconsin. It’s working well for you.
Yes!


He voted against YOUR trillion dollar national debt!!!

Just a year earlier, he was an embattled small-state governor with underwater approval ratings, dismal reelection prospects, and a national reputation in tatters
How did that deal work out for the carrier company.  Lost jobs and tax breaks for the employment of back office and management positions that were not going anywhere.  Nice job Pence!
You’re a puppet everyday. Stop prostituting yourself for corruption.
GOP interests are not best for all - just the 1%!
Awesome getting it done
So when are you Racist Republicans going to finish taking care of Puerto Rico...This is an Atrocity it has been nine months and they still have no Running Water and No Electricity but all you Republicans do is Pray for your Money and your Atrocious Tax Cuts
Flynn
Walsh
Comey
McFarland
Dubke
Spicer
Priebus
Scaramucci
Sifakis
Bannon
Gorka
Schiller
Price
Newman
Powell
Higbie
Fitzgerald
Porter
Brand
Sorensen
Cohn
McEntee
McCabe
Dearborn
McMaster
Shulkin
Hicks
Tillerson
Anton
Bossert
Schadlow
Waddell
Jackson*
We don't trust you.
#TheList
Just politics. Stupid Pense.
Piss Off back room boy. It's NOT working
You will never be elected to office after your Trump years, you've got the Trump stench all over you.
You don't seem to be able to reason things through Pencey boy.

@TravelWI @WiStateJournal @wisgop @BadgerFootball @BadgerMBB @UWBadgers @UWMadison @UWCL 
This man professes to be a Christian, but we can tell Christians by their works, not their lies.  He’s no Christian!!  He’s a trump DEPLORABLE!!

Look tRump Melania may not LOVE you, but we know someone that does 
Vote Republican in 2018

Kanye West has broken free from the mental prison of the left. Liberals hate diversity of thought... They are enraged when a black man in America voices opinions that are contrary to the liberal narrative. Keep fighting #Kanye. Don’t let the left control you. #MAGA
You and up in hell and you know it


Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
I named my dogs asshole Pence!

Is it legal for you to use govt funds to campaign in such a fashion?

You've been voting against & sabotaging America since day 1. Speaking at the #NRA Conv. will be another example of not putting Americans/country 1 but rather the $$. STRICT #GunReformNow #BanAssaultWeapons & no more $ pockets of politicians from #NRA #Traitor #corruption #resign



Pence is going to win this season of Celebrity Apprentice. Stays quiet. Just stares. Repeats.
Why would any one listen to evil pence the man that covered up for traitor Flynn. The evil involved in the trump regime's conspiracy against the United States of America. The evil that can't even offer thought or prayers for black people killed by a white terrorist with a gun.
#PenceKnew
I sure hope the intelligent people will vote for Baldwin, for the people, against exploding the deficit, knows trickle down doesn't work.
"Thoughts & Prayers" (BIGLY) xo
This man is a true Christian. He lies. He is a racist bigot. He expresses true Christian values.
Lying and amassing money is the antithesis of a Christian man. You do not pass the test, Mike.
I may keep Emmanuel in personal, mainly for business at the same time.
You had better not keep Vladimir in personal if you have intention to establish sex partnership with me within one month.

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
Worst Vice President ever

How many people could have health care for $3.59 billion? Child care? A college education? Housing? Food? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/987325029393293313 …

The tax cuts were for the rich and for corporations.

Always the statesman (NOT!) . . . Shill.
What I want is to help you in business in the very beginning. On the other hand, I don't want to see the country I have been living for years under God's course, and I am gone, it's unfair for American people, offended by one person.
I dislike Donald Trump in personal, if you can seperate from him, available for me to keep sex partnership under personal agreement, one month length.
WWJD
Impact of #GOPTaxScam. Multinational company Philips Lighting announces $342M profits in 2017 & $187.4M in planned share buybacks in 2018. Immediately lays off nearly 200 Fall River workers and moves factory to Mexico.
Hey Pence, you seem concerned about the interests of the people, so what’s your opinion about Carson’s proposal on raising the rent on the poor?
Thank you Senator Baldwin for your service to WI & US. You are a quality person in the mess of DC that the Trump administration h as s created..
Go to church and pray you sinner!

#BlueWave2018 #BlueWave2020
You need to remit salary owed by Donald trump and do donations for US, and then we will process paperwork online.
America's Largest Unions Demand Employers Disclose Corporate Tax Windfall Amid Bargaining Talks Nationwide
Tammy Baldwin is more concern with keeping up with the Kardashian Her & Courtney worried abt toxins in make up #Time2voteBalwinout
Are you speaking at an NRA conference?  Guess you need their $$ huh.  Shame on you.  Your ‘thoughts and prayers’ are as faux as your Christianity.

Available for me to support your business. Personal consideration will be one month later, because US's situation is so complicated currently! If you are interested, we process paperwork online first.
Notice how self effacing @JoeBiden was ? Just VP Biden. @VP Pence needs the entire played out title and fore and surnames. Can’t get enough of it, can he ?

Tax cuts were in the interest of Wisconsin? Or were they in the interest of corporations and the 1%



Good Christian values on display


Billionaires & corporations are making out like bandits under the #GOPTaxScam. Since passage of the bill, we've seen $260 BILLION in stock buybacks, and the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office says by…



Also mike Pence:“Now I’m not quite sure what I’m talking about but if anything @SenatorBaldwin did to help women, the poor, the disenfranchised, the community that didn’t help fake Christian misogynist men who assault women is just something I can’t stand

False Sanctimonious VP,worse than Trump for acting sincere
why do trump supporters not think they could save money before the tax cuts guns aren't worth spending thousands of dollars on what are trump supporters buying other than food and essentials that they DESPERATELY need a tax cut, that money is better spent helping homeless.
tax cuts
Bull

Mr. Vice President, you do realize that most of her constituents do not benefit from the “take from the poor give to the rich” tax cut.


150


You're a liar. What do you know about Wisconsin?
I want to tell you right now Mike Pence a state is a state. But people are people you cannot derive a state different from the people because we are the people. Remember that

