you stand with a criminal who undermines the nation every day. What does that make you? You may succeed trump but you're presidency dreams are over. Speaking at the @NRA convention? Shame on you!
Pence knows/knew all about Russia.
Mueller will get him
You think so? He's awful and a religious zealot but not sure he's part of trump's Inner circle
I believe he is involved heavily.  Picked by Manafort, for starters.
It would be nice to get rid of him and all of the guilty enabling politicians
@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Americans know ur tax scam gives 2 rich on backs of hard-working, middle-class families! Only 4% of Americans have benefited from #GOPTaxScam. We're going 2 vote u all out of office in '18 & '20! Some of u r going 2 jail! Goody! #blue
Bullshit! Middle class America is larger than 4%, we already see the difference

Never forget that you lost and are still acting like a child name calling after over a year later.
Mother says we need #GunReformNow
Yes! I say ban all guns for liberals! That will reduce 99% of gun murders
.@Mike_Pence lies about what the Caravan of hopeful refugees rights, under US Law, are. They're not subverting our laws by applying for refugee status. @realDonaldTrump is breaking the law by denying them the opportunity to apply. Trump thinks he is the law. He is not!
They need to get the F out of here.  Why don’t you pay for them Tony?  They have no right to be here. #BuildThatWall #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
They aren't here. They are waiting outside our border and applying for refugee status (if Trump follows our laws and allows them). They can be denied status if appropriate. As a lawyer, I would think you would agree the Rule of Law should be adhered to.
Oh yes they are...had to let a few in this morning
Condemned Hillary for using private server. Oops! Used private server while Indiana Governor and emailed classified documents then tried to get legal protection to cover it up. Hypocrisy abounds with this VP!
The tax cuts only benefitted the 2% and corporations. The rest of Americans will shoulder the border. Sad @VP
Dear Mr. Pence,

I'm still waiting to see my tax cut....Oh and what about my skyrocketing healthcare premiums.  Care to address that issue???

I'll be waiting...........
#TaxScam
#FreeMother
Little "Justin"
Simply Beautiful speech!

Thank you, once again for ever showing up to my nice state and speaking about those very special things! 
As Always;

"One Friend Not Too Far Away"

Mr. Justin "Piper" jpg. 
Creator of the picture on the Official Database, Web, World Wide Web, Internet and now "Cloud"

Your Right!  
It really is called "Cloud" For a REASON!  "Piper"
Justin "Piper"
Claris Works 
Google Earth
Google Drive
Google Cloud
Google Pixel 1,2
Google G Suite = Justin G Piper
GoogleIO
Microsoft "AZURE"
That's Right! 
WATSON + 5 
Justin "Piper"
@IBMWatson 

What Son, Changed The World In Real time With A Mouse, Keyboard and 

"THE BIG PICTURE"
Your right!

It really is called "Fire Wall" for a REASON!

Justin "Piper" jpg. 

Is The US Government's 

Perfect little "Devil"! 

And When it comes to Defending America and this World!

"Satan" 
Does exist!
Are Cute Little "Devil"

Justin Gene Piper jpg.
secret!

Your right!

I have already thought about it?

If necessary, to protect the "new found area" I will build the wall!
For each and everyone of those reasons, that you are very much aware of!
If the tax cuts did so much for the economy why did the United States have to borrow hundreds of billions of dollars yesterday? The trumpet and administration is a fraud.

Good luck Vice President! #MAGA
Put us more in Debt!!  @VP you're just as Corrupted!!  We are on to you!  You think your silence and smug grin will keep you out of the Hot chair..... Think Again!  @KagTia = COMPLICIT!  Maybe you should look up that word!
My paycheck went up $10 per week! Yahoo, so thrilled! Someone I know that is quite wealthy is looking to buy their third vacation home! So much #MAGA 
After reading your twitter feed, if you got $10 more per week, it’s $10 more than I would have given you.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Just because it's the biggest in HISTORY doesn't mean it is actually good.
Gas prices are way up and 401K is down a bit as well.....jus saying
Gas always goes up before Memorial Day.
True, but it's been creeping up in Texas for the last 3 months.
We need to get immigration fixed!!
Please talk to @dougducey to pay our teachers a fair wage so our children can get BACK TO SCHOOL!!!   #RedForEd #AZChildrenNeedToBeInSchool #WhereDidTheMoneyFromLandSalesGo
Leadership? #MuellerQuestions
You’re complicit in this crooked administration.
funny how all they can talk about is this TAX cut that None of us regular people have seen yet. Please don't even talk about the 32 bucks a week more in your paycheck. That should have been 320 week givin by the employer who got the 1.4 million a yr from the tax theft forever

You sir are a liar.
This was the largest theft of our tax money in history pulled off by s criminal organization! - yes you!
Nope, that happened over the previous 8 years.
Sorry Brenda . You are either blind, stupid or paid off.
If the plane were to crash, Americans would celebrate in the streets
My paycheck didnt change at all.
Silly man. You thought the tax cuts were for you?
We are loving the economy and freaking peace with North Korea and South Korea
Welcome to Arizona VP! MAGA!!!
Are you going to tell them about the $560,615,551,556 increase in the National Debt in 4 months this year?

During a period of a strong economy we should be reducing the debt like in 2017!

I am sure the 1% are happy since they are reaping the majority of benefits of the #TaxScam
Thank you for coming to AZ Mr. VP. We have the same problems the California does
V p pence was a great choice
Just keep beating that drum even though it has already been proven that the #TaxScam did little to nothing for the average American wage earner and further enriched the wealthiest 2%. What meger pittance the working class did get has already been offset by higher fuel prices.
You still riding that old chestnut 
At best, presenting hyperbole and lies on TV, isnt exactly Christian.
Your tax cut for the rich is a scam. You, Ryan, and Trump are EVIL in your desire to defund schools and the social safety net.
Um, have you looked at the numbers?  Only your rich homies are reaping the reward. We (the middle class) are paying for all of this.
Your going down the tubes with Trump Golden Boy! Enjoy your time as VP while you can. Your time is limited!
Guess you didn't see what Rubio and Price have said about your tax cuts.  Be sure to tell them in Arizona.
#TuesdayThoughts #VoteKAG #VoteOutJoeWestVirginia #MAGA#RedWaveRising2018 #BuildKatesWall#FireRosenstein #FireMueller #FireOrrStrozkPage #PurgeFBI  #ObamaGate#UraniumOne#ClintonCrime#PHI=Persons Here Illegally Deport NOW
Impeach
Arizona seems to be swinging Democratic as is Texas. What are you going to do about it? Aren't there some people you can arrest and deport there or something?
Meanwhile in Washington DC your boss is having a meltdown.  Does general Kelly have an adequate supply of adult diapers?
You are as useless as Trump… You may be worse since you’ve actually sold your soul to the devil. By the way… the big man upstairs and I are on a first-name basis, and he approves this message.
#PenceSoldHisSoulToTheDevil #TrumpIsTheDevil
The man Republicans chose to represent them and the USA. REPUBLICANS are a disgrace to this country.

Liar
"Federal tax cuts have put money in the pockets of thousands of Arizonans"...simultaneously removing an equal share from millions of Americans...
Yeah..but it would be nice if it would be helping all Americans. Not just the top 3% rich ones and the corporations. I have a handful of real everyday middle income friends who have been hit with higher taxes after this supposed tax cut/relief.

Whoa...
Everyone hates you.
Yeah. The SANE Americans really do.
No I'm a sane American and I don't hate him!!! Y'all lefties are weird y'all hate somebody but you still follow him on Twitter sup with that you don't like them don't follow him and you won't have to hear about him
Sane Americans absolutely have the good, God given common sense to know CRAZY in the form of one of the biggest CON ARTISTS ever, especially when it's presenting itself DAILY! To support this sham is to be either, delusional, ignorant, complicit, or ALL of the above.That's all.
Those taxpayers in Arizona had to pay for this (Joe Arpaio who you said it was an honor to be in his presence):
He arrested New Times reporters for covering him. We won a $3.75 million settlement for that one. 
http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/news/joe-arpaio-loses-new-times-co-founders-win-375-million-settlement-for-2007-false-arrests-6651491 …
And there's this factual info.
Are people falling for this?  Snake oil salesman.
Still bearing false witness?
@marcorubio would disagree. 
Blah blah blah. Don't forget that #MuellerIsComingForYou too. Be careful not to drop the soap in the prison shower room - you might be in for a big surprise.
#Liar #hypocrite #FakeChristian #PenceKnew #LockThemAllUp
Why do you need to continually WASTE our tax dollars flying around trying to convince us of something you have already doneStay in Washington, you screwed 90% of America with #GOPTaxScam!
CAMPAIGN HARD & LONG!  2018 cometh soon!  WE NEED TO GAIN NOT LOOSE!
Biggest tax scam, biggest deficit.  Biggest stock buybacks
No nothing for over 5000 friends know why they me not filthy rich and getting the big breath u will never be President don the con jr
Sounds like Little Marco disagrees

Largest tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations ever, thereby ensuring wealth stays with only a few. Shameful!
Go away.  We don't want you here.
Todd, please, I beg of you...

Find a way to meet him face to face and lay a big ‘ol Bugs Bunny kiss right on those big homophobic lips of his!
Terrific idea, if I could somehow manage the bile rising in my throat.
Just let it out, man. Puke all over him mid-smooch. Then apologize and say, “Mike honey, I told you our kisses haven’t been the same since the shock therapy! Oh and what is THAT BITCH doing here?!” while glaring at Mother.
Aaaaaand now I’m vomiting because I just referred to Karen Pence as “Mother.”
HAHAHA!  Do you think he really travels with her?  Or does he just bring his personal secretary, Javier, a young Guatemalen masseuse with him?
Poor Alejandro... He was banging rich soccer players before his gambling debt with the Guatemalan mob got so severe that he had to flee the country and change his name to Javier. 

Now he’s stuck giving handys to Pence on in the bathroom on Air Force Two.
In all seriousness, if you or a loved one has a gambling problem and serious debt with the Guatemalan mafia that’s threatening to cut of your Johnson, call 866-VP-PENIS

It could save a life. 

(I haven’t slept in two days. Is it obvious or nah?)
Lol. What leadership? Talk about all the law suits against the moron in chief
@VP in #Arizona to support pedophile sherriff @ArapahoeSO and his program of burning dogs alive. #shame
Umm, my paycheck looks the same and minimum wage is still 7.25 an hour.

Love our awesome Vice President!!!!
Joe Arpaio wasted $108 million of the hard earned money the people of Arizona paid in taxes, you @VP said you were honored to be in Joe Arpaio's presence: "Taxpayers still footing the bill from Arpaio’s time as Maricopa County Sheriff"
Tax dollars, here you go (an honor to be in his presence you said): "PHOENIX — The taxpayer price tag for lawsuits filed during Joe Arpaio’s 24-year tenure as Maricopa County Sheriff is expected to total $108 million this year."

Promises made promises kept.
We love you Mr VP! You and Trump are doing a fantastic job! #MAGA
1%ers got a huge tax cut including you. Elections will tell you how much the rest of us got.
Get out of AZ - you’re not wanted. The tax scam actually harms AZ. Stop lying Mikey! America's 5,000 richest families get an $83 million tax cut, and everyone else picks up the bill #TrumpTaxScam
We had to borrow billions of dollars to pay for your tax scam, the money isn’t stimulating job growth (duh) and you blew up the deficit you claim to care about so much. Conservatism my ass. You are a fraudulent hypocrite.
Come by the VA Regional Office in Phx
Tom Price (yes, the one in the White House) says he's not a big fan of the GOP tax bill's 2019 individual mandate repeal-- says it will harm the pool in the exchange markets & drive up costs. So much #MAGA for America! You lie, you deceive.
Just stopping by to remind you that you're trash and you will never be president. You're going down with the ship, guy.
Go to the states that don’t vote republican? Easy to talk to your base try talking to the liberals oh yeah they don’t like common sense and reason
Arizona Democrats, please VOTE here in 2018. Thank you.
What's WITH the random capitalized WORDS?
total BS  and you know it and we know it
You don’t disappoint Mikey!!
While your there, go slap Captain Songbird for all of us, good and hard.
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，臺灣。
If you happen to see @SenJohnMcCain , please kick him hard in the nuts, on behalf of the American people.
I think people will be more interested in when congress is going to help POTUS build the wall and change some immigration laws & enforce existing ones as was promised all thru campaign. Tax cuts are fine but you will lose mid terms if you do not solidify something on the wall
Arizona hates u
lets ask @marcorubio what he think about the complete  of a tax cut.....
Do us a favor and stay away from us.
More delusional talk.
Correct. You and the POS @POTUS are the biggest freakin' #debtwhores in history.

Ask how many of of your constituents see a benefit from your tax cut disaster ... actually, being an ethical person, I recommend against it. 

I would not want the crowd to get violent...
You should talk to some teachers there
are u truly this delusional? will u have time to meet with striking teachers?
And created the largest deficit in history which, of course, they now blame on the poor and the cost of Food Stamps. I'd call you all 'pigs,' but that's an insult to an animal who has some redeeming value - you, your boss & your party have NO redeeming value at all.
Cmon VP u know better than that
It's a beautiful day! Enjoy your time in AZ.
May you roast  in the hot sun you lizzard
I use sunscreen but thanks for the good wishes.
Trump is known as sticky bowl of dismal coyote snot
VP, during your visit, take a time out, and please help the Arizona Governor, pass a much needed raise for the #RedforEd teachers, No more BS, show them the money
Your Tax Bill was a hand-out to millionaires and corporations. #GOPTaxScam
Please take Donnie w you next time me. As many AZ visits as you want! 

Also please come to UT for an event w @RepMiaLove!
Wow, look at all those "one-time bonuses" companies are giving out. That's nice, but AZ families need financial SECURITY, which means knowing your paycheck will be adequate and stable in the future, when this tax 'reform' is no longer a soundbyte.
Hey while you're in Arizona could you please lock up McCain?
Ahhhhh, your fake Christianity is showing.
Explain yourself. John McCain is a traitor. A murderer. A liar. Go study his military "service." He murdered over 130 U.S. Sailors then his dad and grandpa stepped in and saved his butt, made him a war hero. He will answer to God very soon.
Massive Tax cuts for the very very rich is never a good idea. The richest in society should pay the most tax. IMHO
They do. how did you make it this far being so ill-informed.
Are you referring to 'trickle down economics' ?. Rich people like to amass wealth, Trump was so obsessed about wealth he rang up a reporter pretending to be Trump's financial advisor, and told him his wealth was in the region of 400m, it was closer to 5m.
Yep as soon as Obama stops walking around with armed guards so will Trump.
That would be because Obama only cares about OBAMA. A real American a GOOD American would think about others before themselves. Notice how he chose to leave Americans to die in other countries. Videos of them having their heads chopped off then sent our men in uniform
Because like his news feed not all who show up are friendly (hint hint). And it only takes ONE idiot to screw everything up (Obamacare) for a large number of people (everyone in the USA living paycheck to paycheck).
Just because it’s the LARGEST doesn’t make it a wise move. The rich benefit overwhelmingly with this bill. The Americans in the bottom income quintiles not so much.
If you’re a working class Republican you should do your research and see how much you save in comparison.
Fixed pie fallacy
Friedman had some nerve discussing fallacies considering his whole ideology was wrong. Do you disagree that the rich take home the majority of the benefits? Did I say the bottom income quintiles take home nothing?
Those in the bottom take home less than $100 annually. Now tell me how much those at the top take home? Exactly.
Again with the fixed pie fallacy.
Again with Friedman. As if any of these scumbags actually earn their money. They pass bills like this that allow them to steal it from actual hard working Americans.
Just noticed you’re an ancap. That’s the equivalent of debating a mime. A clown with no substance.
An attack with no substance, I’m not surprised.
You are all responsible for the TAX SCAM and we will vote you all out accordingly!
This is what it looks like when the #BlueWave hits the shore... Yep, looks like most cities run by #Democrats #nothanks #MAGA
Sure glad these places get to experience the #BlueWave They really should want to #MAGA
Baltimore, Chicago and Detroit... Democrats have had their hold... for a long time now. Nice try, take another blue pill.
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2014/jul/29/facebook-posts/are-97-nations-100-poorest-counties-red-states/ …    Nice try Goober!
None of those places are population centers. Yes, people living in the woods are poor. Still love how you tried to say those city photos were red states... nice dry at deflection.
You are so ignorant.  You trumpers are the ones in red states taking welfare and food stamps while complaining about socialism.  Also, you yahoos are the NRA bitches that shoot up the schools, churches etc.  Piss off!
You stole my money to give to your rich friends.
#fixedpiefallacy
1st qtr GDP anemic. Bus Investment anemic. No growth from tax giveaway. They stole my money.
Yeah, taxation is theft Arne, they are stealing everyone’s money.
Ooooh a stupid slogan game. "Property is theft". You're up.
You don’t believe in private property?
You don't believe in public goods?
That turned out well with your endorsing a convicted criminal, Joe Arpaio.

Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
can you come to California and polish my car and make yourself useful
Your comments about Sheriff Arpaio yesterday was the end for meYou r a total hypocriteThere is
no way you will ever b President aslong as good people live. Since Trump is a proven criminal I was willing to give you a passYou and Higby better prepare yorself 4 a hot 
place.
MR PRESIDENT TRUMP   “PLEASE PLEASE!!!” CLOSE THE SOUTHERN BORDER!!!!   STOP THE ILLEGAL FLOW OF ILLEGALS COMING FROM MEXICO AND SOUTH AMERICA AND CENTRAL AMERICA!!!!!
"LARGEST handout to the wealthy in American HISTORY"
(Fixed it for ya)
You need to get laid more than any middle-aged man in America #maga
Your congrats to Arpaio was a puke fest!! You clearly support criminals over law abiding citizens who actually do care for the poor and the helpless (from across our borders) I hope God gives you all the smiting you so richly deserve
To everyone who isn’t a far right republican, tax reform means revenue neutral. What you passed is not that.
Yes...good news.
'
The fact that you gave yourself a huge tax cut, the $ people got, won't make it so they can buy a house, or new car.  Payments, insurance, your tax cuts, will NOT cover these costs.  So, you've done very little to actually grow the economy.
Watch out for the smoke I hear Arizona is on fire
USFK withdrawal is not allowed
Christianity...
I don’t think that word means what you think it means
Shouldn't it be on my paycheck already? Or do I still have to wait. Don't see it yet.  Just curious and anxious. Have a bless day.
Zwina hadi

Mike Pence is “honored” to have Joe Arpaio at his event? And he calls a bigoted criminal who tortured inmates a “strong champion of the rule of law”? Even Arizona Republicans know this man undermines the most basic of American values. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/plum-line/wp/2018/03/27/shock-poll-majority-of-americans-dont-see-trump-tax-cuts-in-paychecks/?utm_term=.c1f504ef006a …   
 Shock poll: Majority of Americans don’t see Trump tax cuts in paychecks.
I don’t know what a raise would be like I am on Social Security but very happy for the people who got raises and bonus. They truly needed a break
My God,this guy could be President
Read the 1st Amendment, you said it was an honor to be in the presence of Joe Arpaio who arrested reporters:
He arrested New Times reporters for covering him. We won a $3.75 million settlement for that one. 
http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/news/joe-arpaio-loses-new-times-co-founders-win-375-million-settlement-for-2007-false-arrests-6651491 …
Is the NRA allowing guns at your event or are they banned for you but not for our children!!  Jerk
Your lack of even a shred of integrity is harming this country.

My wife got a total of $.23 on her paycheck $.23 bazooka bubblegum costs more than $.23!
I’ve looked at my paycheck. I’m totally underwhelmed. I’d just as soon NOT have the additional 1.5T added to the deficit we’re getting this year.
The Tax cuts help no one but the ones you knell too. You are a despicable human being and that fact will come around, I'll have no pity for you when it does.
CRY CRY DUMBASSCRATS ! WHO'S YOUR DADDY !! GOOOOO TRUMP !!
Your ingnorance astounds me.
You’re still spreading the same old BS, eh? You should try telling the truth, how the wealthiest getting the lions share of the tax cut permanently while the rest of us get next to nothing and will see our taxes increased in a few years.
It’s painfully obvious that your tax cut benefited the top 1% and big corporations. That will be remembered in November!!!
Kochroach
The tax cuts for your wealthy overlords cost more than the SNAP program providing food for hungry people. It's time for another revolution to overthrow you and your monied masters.

Vote all democrats out of office
Great speech VP Pence
Did you tell them how their children, their children's children, and generations to come will be paying for the tax scam, tax cut for billionaires? Did you tell them about your cover-up for Flynn?

The Department of Justice concluded that Joe Arpaio oversaw the worst pattern of racial profiling in U.S. history. He’s been accused of police misconduct, abuse of power, failure to investigate sex crimes, and unlawful enforcement of immigration laws.…
All freaking BS!
Corporate share buy backs and tax loopholes for the mega rich. This game is more rigged than a game of “Find the soap” in Pencey’s hot tub
Thank You.
Best for the wealthiest not the ones who really pay taxes.


ORANGE MAN




I am a proud American and I am proud of the two men at her helm.Thank you Mr.VicePresident!!!
Why are you and Paul Ryan still talking about the tax cut bill.  Is that really allnyou have left Mike?

You’re such a creep!
Mike, Need Help in NY
Don't the largest trade deficit in the history of the world will usher in 2019. If only their numbers were the size of their hands, Americans would not feel the pain of being screwed... DON'T FORGET! Okay?
Pence you are useless!
Tax cuts for you and your rich cronies
Tax cuts are great but smothered out if you let refugees declare asylum!! Don’t let them in. We have enough that we are paying for.
Always bragging about how you screwed over the American tax payer.
Shut up, Pence. Twatwaffle.
He isn’t braver because,like most republicans, they have been castrated by a big orange goon
Just more #Trumpaganda
Tax cuts for pagans like you.
TAX SCAM REPUBLICAN PARTY ANTICS.. YOU. S. O. B.

I hope for once in your life you will tell the truth and inform them that the Tax Cuts only works for the Rich & Big Business. Be a good Christian if their is such a thing.
Thanks Mr. Vice-President. We are indeed enjoying the extra cash!
How about you and the President do something about the rising gas prices??!
Your tax cuts are for the rich not those in need is that Christian values at work?
Ummmm thanks for the extra $120 a month but it’s pennies considering what rich people are getting. THis takes away money from teachers, schools, cops, and important agencies that help people... especially those who voted for u( I’m not in that group). JESUS WEEPS BC OF YOUR GREED
My check reveals a reduction, I'm retired. The cut was only for the ultra rich. Pres hasn't done anything helping mid-class. All about him & what he wants for himself & rich. You're a suck up. No backbone. What's wrong with you to support a traitor to mid-Americans?
Leadership? You do know that 7 out of 10 of us are laughing and ridiculing you right now. And your tax rape of your poor, stupid voters? Wait until those chickens come home to roost... Sometime in November I'm guessing.
