Bull - continued trump administration lies!
Willful delusion
These are Farm people.  Please help the Farms in Indiana.  I got family there and they grow textiles. Thank you
Lies
God is watching, and taking names...and Mike Pence is on the top of the list...I hope he enjoys his stay in HELL.

When are you coming out of the closet?
Great!  #MAGA
Thanks Mr. Vice President. You are doing and awesome job!
We are rooting for you Mr. Vice President Pence!!! Keep up the GREAT WORK!!!
Praying for you and your family VP Pence. Greater is Jesus. Do not fear the enemy nor its' wicked vices. God sees ALL, and knows ALL. He is opening the eyes of the remnant of God....

Always praying 
VP Pence your still riding  on President Barack Obama coat tails .
Go away.
Back in Indiana- where judges time your anti abortion laws as unconditional
Why did Harley Davidson move overseas? Why is ford selling overseas and only building 1 car model here in US? Jobs jobs jobs?!?! trump ruining Econ . Shame
Hey Mikey before you worry about more jobs how about getting your boss to nominate somebody for the VA that is not a drunk or a pill pusher or is that what you think of veterans too
Keep up the GREAT work!!! 

Will u ever stop sucking up to Trump!!!!
Mike- you are lying again. Job numbers last year were the worst in 6 years. Saying so don’t make it so.
Mike- your full of crap. Job numbers last year were the worst in 6 years. you are lying again!!!
VP,businesses create jobs NOT life-long govt personnel ad governor/ VP. I love to see those business owners at front row of celebration.That is how our country  promote entrepreneurship not life-long career in government,who never run even a hotdog stand.
right
Stay there. Please just go home.

The people of Indiana are not pleased that you have come home to ruin their week. They do not like you and think that you were a terrible governor. Leave those poor people alone.
Ever? Really? Come to Denver and rent a one bedroom apartment with a minimum wage job and no help from the federal government. Then tell me how strong the economy is.
Have you electro-shocked your genitals today?
You’re an A-s.
Goo away.
Yes 
#CRIMINAL
Lies from #2 propaganda minister. 

Sad
For the sake of our country, please just stay in Indiana.
FYI
I hear Indiana doesn't like you much ...IJS
Great, no really great. Menwhile their trying to murder a 23 month old babin in the UK and @VP and @realDonaldTrump say NOTHING #AlfieEvans #AlfiesArmy #istandwithAlfie
We are singing, Back Home Again In Indiana!  Home sweet Home!  Welcome Home with open arms!
EVERYTHING TRUMP AND YOU TOUCHES DIES
LOL
Keep telling that to yourself Mr. Pence.
Fail. Bigly.
Stay there
Come visit us! I’ll Give you the address! Welcome Home! #Gopstandupandvote 2018

Wonderful meme montageThey have no purpose,other than to continue on with what they started before the Civil War.They have over a 200 year history of obstructing all good and promoting bad;when we look @ Dem…
https://twitter.com/75canal75/status/989419566961963008 …

McCabe: Leaking and Lying Obscure the Real Collusion https://www.nationalreview.com/2018/04/andrew-mccabe-collusion-obama-justice-department-clinton-campaign/ …

my MAGA hat is signed  

Rt Only... If This Wasn't One Of The Best Days Of Your Life!!!! The Moment That Changed Everything For AMERICA!! @POTUS @FLOTUS #MAGA 
Thanks to the Chinese 
You may like this:
Indiana is suffering from your twisted governance. We see through your lies.
Look at the job numbers, Mr. Vice President...they’re only so-so at best compared to the past few years—and that was at the cost of bankrupting the government to make rich people richer.
Great thanks mike! Love to you and karen
Subway is closing 500 stores.  500.
Indiana disowns you #PenceMustGo
What companies? What are the numbers? Where are the facts. Smoke and mirrors

Kanye West has broken free from the mental prison of the left. Liberals hate diversity of thought... They are enraged when a black man in America voices opinions that are contrary to the liberal narrative. Keep fighting #Kanye. Don’t let the left control you. #MAGA
Can't you appoint an exorcist as a personal aide and instruct him to exorcise every Democrat in Congress

They didn't like you either.
As head of the transition team, please explain how you did not know that your number 2 on the team, Mike Flynn, was being paid by the Government of Turkey.
JUST IN: Senate committee approves bill to block Trump from firing Mueller
Trump says he's been too busy to get Melania a birthday present
Looking forward to the day you go back to Columbus never to be heard from again!
LIER, LIER, LIER
Just had the pleasure of meeting the owner of #Infosys and the team
Please leave again at your earliest convenience.
Indiana isn't glad you are back. We really don't like you
Welcome back to Indiana!
Welcome back to Indiana VPOTUS!
You make a nice couple.
Keep IT jobs in house not outsourced and bring back higher wages that foreign workers took for pennies on the dollar lowering American IT worker salaries by 50%>.
Oh and Infosys gets state tax subsidies out of the deal too!
You say you're pro life, but you're speaking on May 4 at the NRA, a pro gun group.  Guns are designed to take life.  Being pro gun and pro life doesn't seem compatible
Shocked they didn't throw you out after giving away all that taxpayer money to bribe Carrier to keep jobs there, which they did not. Even after you gave them $millions more in the GOP Middle Class Tax Rape.
You are a slithering snake. So many people voice their fears of you becoming POTUS if something were to happen with trump.  You are scary!
Thanks to President Obama.
I'm sure that they're just sooooo excited to have you back...since they weren't going to re-elect you ;-)
@shenanigans223  Pencey-pooooo is in Indiana!
No this does not really help. A national infrastructure project will create the sustainable jobs we need. You @VP worked to obstruct this for 8 years. These bones you throw people are not sustainable
@SenSchumer @SenGaryPeters
#carrier
But mostly it’s increasing the wealth of the already rich individuals & companies! Aren’t they getting about 80% of the benefits? Bragging about the GOP fat cat tax cut is disingenuous at best!
Obama had a hand in that! Give credit where credit it due!! God damn it
If I take a knee will you leave sooner?
Blah blah blah Pence.
Stronger are the millionaires
#penceLies Can we rescind the Carrier tax breaks you signed? What about YOUR emails?
so how many jobs at Carrier were saved despite bribing them with tax payer money Mickey?
I thought I felt a shift in the force. The average IQ of Indiana just dropped with your arrival.
#PetycjaSmolenskaDoTrumpa https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … Is important Please sign and help
Meanwhile from the streets of Louisville, Kentucky
Hey Indiana, get them dicks ready! Mike pence is back! He eats his corn on the cob the long way!
LOL kinda like Carrier's major announcement right after the election...and now how many laid off and how many jobs moved out of country?  ya'll just playing around no serious work in this ADMIN..
You do know that Trump can't fire you right?
Indiana isn't so happy to see you though
Thank you VP Pence for what you have done to Indiana. Thanks to you, Governor Eric Holcomb and Governor Mitch Daniels, Indiana was able to move forward from the dark Bayh/O'Bannon/Kernan days into economic prosperity. We are grateful for the leadership you bestowed upon us.

副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
You mean like the folks @Carrier in #Indiana tell me Mr. Vice President how many of them have you spoken with? You and @realDonaldTrump certainly beat your chest when you “saved” those jobs.
No wonder I kept seeing trucks with Indiana license plates, weird!
We (even in the Netherlands) are so lucky that you are the VP of the US! #MAGA!
Please!!!! U can have him. We'll pay the moving expenses.
Thanks, in 7 years time he's more than welcome here. I will find you then, okay?
No, take him now or no deal.
Who is Diana?

Why are you in her?

Does Mother know about this?
Get out, they hate you in Indiana, rightfully so.
Rotfl!! Your detachment from reality at this point is epic. Historians are going to have a field day with this shit show of an "administration"
He has cause me to miss Dan Quayle. Lol
 tell me about it! Also it's like no one remembers how Raegan dodged impeachment behind that whole CIA selling cocaine and Iran Contra thing.
Thank you, President Obama!
We are going to send you back to Indiana permanently!!!
I am surprised, Pence, that you are even allowed to enter the state of Indiana. They cheered your election because they knew it meant you'd be gone. Until you're found out.
Keep to your own state Skippy! #HoosiersforPence #Gopstandupandvote 2018
Tell that to all of the underpaid teachers and the Carrier employees in Indiana whose jobs are going overseas. Even after you gave them millions of tax breaks while Governor! I thought the purpose was to keep jobs in Indiana!!!
Hey, that achieved the purpose of securing the one job that mattered, right?
If jobs are doing good when are you raising the minimum wage
Welcome home you #Bigot
I saw on US News that Indiana ranked 25th in Economic growth. So is that worth bragging about?
No - good point, nothing to see here.  Please don't move here...  Thanks, Every Hoosier.
you wasting our money again
How's that Carrier plant doing, Mike?

Resign
It's not sustainable to BUY jobs w tax cuts that BANKRUPT states. Consumer SPENDING creates DEMAND: this should be the SOURCE of job creation. Republicans are a$$ backwards in every policy they force down a MASSIVE struggling class' throat. We are in so much trouble -
Pence you & Your Evil Potus don't have the American People fooled at all-- Trump licking TheFrancePresident "Did"my work" ThankGodForRealPresidents!! We would hear Lies if the FranceLeader He told America the truth! Trump got put in place! Pence,Congress NoBalls! #TheResistance
Meanwhile, my 401(k) is still going down 


Bull
Than ever before? Look your self in mirrors when you say that! I thought your good Christian? Don’t be like trump please 
Special place in hell for traitors to the United States of America, never mind what God will do to you for debasing his religion. #GOPCorruption #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #Treason

You must be loving your welfare check Al Gilbert. Well some in that unemployment line are great full to have a job!! Or the opportunity for a job &some self respect.

Love this 8th grade humor! Unemployment is the lowest in 48 years under this administration. Know the facts. Learn reading comprehension.

Just stop Pollyanna! This administration is sinking fast!
How many regulations have you abolished that will result in injuries and death to Americans?
Are you serious with this crap right now??  STFU!!  Smug ass traitor!!
As you hire your own attorney because you know you're dirty but really what difference does it make because you sold your soul to the devil
Do Not Let @BenCarsonHS Raise Rent to the POOR. DO YOUR HOMEWORK BEFORE YOU DO. YOUR CHOICE WILL AFFECT HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS NEEDY PEOPLE. HAVE YOU VISITED THESE BUILDINGS. HAVE YOU SEEN THEIR DISGUSTING CONDITIONS. @NYCMayor @TheView @WhoopiGoldberg @MeghanMcCain
Tell us more about how Carrier is creating jobs.
Still finding it hard to believe that as part of the transition team you were not aware of Russia connections with Trump Org.
Another Pence boondoggle
The republicans keep saying that its not the governments job to take care of the poor but the churches…where are the churches? Are those christian republicans going to let people sleep in their yards? Ben Carsons plan has many elderly scared to death of being homeless
Some of the worried questions in my neighborhood are:
Will they be able to get oxygen tanks refilled in the woods? Will someone be able to drive them to dialysis regularly? How will they get their meds? It rains a lot here will they be able to get tents?
Thank you @BarackObama for all your hard work to turn the economy around.  Sorry @VP @realDonaldTrump and @GOP are screwing up your hard work to help the wealthy instead of all Americans!  I’m front Indiana and Mike Pence is an embarrassment!  #maga is code for #EpicFail
Missed
Are you the Vice President of Indiana?
If it great there then resign and  stay

He is just as bad as liar in Chief!!!!
You’re full of holy. Spiritual bullshit.
Hopefully it will help these people
Bull
Indiana is embarrassed of you.
Mylan is laying off 400 people. I’ll see your new jobs and raise you job losses, you sanctimonious prick
Is it still legal in Indiana to refuse to make a wedding cake for a gay couple?

Oh really, then why aren't you back in DC working out all the details for these new jobs and expansion Mikie?  And even if our economy is stronger, which benefits the wealthy, what about talking about how the moral of this country is at an all time low & how you helped it to be!
Bullshit. What part of all the Pence Must Go yard signs and billboards did you not understand?
Lol 6 more years soyboy
He's not going to make it 6 more months.... Surely you must have enough brain cells to at least suspect this a little.  He's done. His all out panic is a sure sign he knows it.
It's an Economic House of Cards. Your tax rape plan is making the rich more rich & resulting in the largest deficit in recent history. You & your comrades plan to come after OUR Social Security, Medicare to pay to benefit the rich.
Please weigh in on the primary for the Senate seat in IN.   We don't want to send you a loser.


Too bad twitter can’t keep teenagers like yourself off these newsfeeds.
Why thank you young man. I do declare I am most uplifted by your age assessment.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-25/ford-ceo-plans-11-5-billion-more-cuts-pulls-ahead-margin-goal ….  When Americans don’t earn enough to buy their own products this happens. Expect more of this. So much winning 
Great quote
Ain't no goin' back for you, is there?

Might as well run the field as fast as you can
even though it's painted on the side of a cliff.
Of course.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nasdaq.com/article/us-weekly-jobless-claims-drop-to-lowest-level-since-1969-20180426-01247/amp …. Keep up the good work sir!
Did you hear Fat Nixon's Fox and Friends call on? Priceless! #FatNixon
They don’t want you either.
Yes we do! So keep your hatred and Vitriol to berating yourself in front of the mirror! #HoosiersforPence
It may be great for YOU to be back in #IN, but the people here can’t wait for you to leave.  You screwed #IN #Education and the #farmers. You are a disgraced man - whose home state doesn’t even have any use for you!
Company opens new facility after getting huge Tax Breaks. Homeowners pay higher property Taxes for the next 30+years.
Did you watch any of this morning's @foxandfriends interview with #tRump, Mike?
Mother probably wouldn't let him 
#weserve http://dvparty.uk 
Mother's favorite anti- LGBT pizza shop closed.
The only thing that is growing in this administration is Blatant Corruption and a Lack of Morality. None of you have any business leading any part of the country #BlueWaveComing2018
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nasdaq.com/article/us-weekly-jobless-claims-drop-to-lowest-level-since-1969-20180426-01247/amp … Sure looks like they are doing just fine
