
Trump said this tax break was for small businesses. It’s giving $17 billion to millionaires this year. - Voxhttps://apple.news/AmEdxc59yToyYG728_Kvs5Q
I don't won't you forget that you are just as responsible for Trump in office as the next con man. Don't try silently slinking to the presidency without remembering that we remember how draconian&corrupt you are

podpisujemy https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …!
Living wages, Puppet Pence?
Pence needs one a Job !!
Fuck @GovHolcomb he doesn't deserve to breathe the same air you do. He spends more time in the spotlight than he does actually making Indiana better.

Please Don’t Miss Dr. Sanjay Gupta on CNN this Sunday night, be informed by the facts.


Just saw your motorcade pass by... an honor to be in the same city as you , sir!!
pray for me.  Many people and government agencies, political people in India tells me I am physic patient when i follow bible and Jesus.
Hoosiers, yuk, yuk, yuk, yuk, yuk. Indiana clap, clap, clap, clap, clap.
The Irony “Great Jobs” in DC
Fuck off asshole!
No one cares mikey.
Are you going to electro-shock your genitals on live tv?
Speaking of jobs, will you be keeping Trump’s appointees once you are President?
Are you planning to reopen a buggy whip or shoe hook factory that was closed a hundred years ago?  Perhaps Pay for Prayer service?  You will be implicated and will go down with your false idol @realDonaldTrump . #FakeChristian
Wtf cares?
?
Hoosiers
more tax payer bribes for Carrier?
What????


You're quitting, making room for someone else to be VP.
Better yet, you have poisoned Donald and are taking his place, but will still be impeached on Russian Collusion.
#GopTaxScam #TrickleDownBullshit
Make sure to say hi to my friend Algy Ramasamy with Infosys.
Maybe you could talk about your use of a private AOL email account while governor.
Just how is this even relevant? Has the man done anything wrong since he took office? If not, get off your butt, get a job, & then get a life. I won’t say ALL because it would not be right, but most of the @DNC & @LibDems I have heard have nothing positive to say about anything.
It's relevant because he's the Vice President of the United States and I'm a tax paying citizen.
Will you be announcing job openings in Russia?

I did not know that VP ever own a business!
You are done. This administration will go down as the most corrupt group of traitors in American history.
Is he a Koch fiend too?
Are you gonna talk about the AIDS crisis you caused?
Resign
Why haven't you made a statement about @EricGreitens ?

The physician to the President position is one of the most scrutinized positions anywhere in the world. If the Secret Service has an ounce of concern with you, there is no way you would be in charge of the Presidents health. These attacks on Ronny Jackson are pure fiction. #MAGA
Officers of the United States. SECTION 4 The President, Vice President and all Civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors. ARTICLE III SECTION 1 The
And they’ve done none of that so your point??
