Mr. Vice-President, I can only imagine what an honor and pleasure it is for you to serve with @realDonaldTrump, the first @potus in decades who stands up for American values and makes the entire world a better place for us all.  He is also lucky to have such a great @vp as you!
American values? Trump? Are you on drugs?

Yesterday he admitted to lying about Stormy Daniels on Fox and Friends. Is lying and cheating on your wife American values now? Last week his his lie about not being in Moscow was exposed. His administration is corrupt. American values.
So proud of you and President Trump. Great work!

It appears to be more of a sign that North and South do not need tRump's assistance.
Disagree
Trump stirred the pot with his insulting tweets to the brink of nuclear war. He has nothing to do with this new understanding. China, Nk and SK only are involved.
President Trump & his team have everything to do w this! He made sure that N. Korea w Kim could not intiminate .Because he desired a relationship w China & China realized he was serious about Kim, they helped . China had not done this before.Thanks to S.Korea also.
Did it ever occur to anyone that SK and NK have decided the way we currently cast aside allies, that maybe SK feels more comfortable making their own deal with NK rather than let Trump get involved in it.  Nice spin though Mikie, trying to get Trumps job are you?
No it speaks to a liberal being elected as leader of South Korea who ran on a platform of ending hostilities with the North.
You really should stay out of the Boys bathroom.. your statement has no credibility...
By the by, your makeup was better than your wife’s at state dinner...keep up this important work...
My statement.
I guffawed.    G u f f a w e d !
They are doing it themselves. Don't try to take credit for something that you have had nothing to do with @VP . Trump and you have done nothing but antagonize and escalate tensions there.
Taking credit for what was already in motion, as usual.
The administration should stop taking credit for the work of South Korea.
Remember the Olympics?
This has been in play for awhile.
Well, if we give credit to South Korea, we are giving credit to Trump because SoKo President Moon said that it was because of Trump that made these summits possible.
When southern Indiana experienced a horrible heroin epidemic, Pence organized prayer circles. Since prayer doesn’t do shit against an opioid crisis, the federal gov had to intervene to keep people from dying. Mike Pence is a religious fanatic and has no credibility whatsoever.
When Pence signed the religious freedoms act, which allowed private business to deny services to gay people or anyone they felt opposed to, stores in my town had start putting signs on the Windows saying “we serve everyone”.
RETWEET if you trust Trump!
And for you too VP Pence 
Thank you @VP! 
Mr Vice President may God bless you and the President.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
It speaks to the complete ignorance of Trump and the fact that he's fired ANYONE who has a CLUE.

Kim Jong Un is completely using this for propaganda at home. He's been waiting for someone dumb enough to give him the show he's always wanted. #Idiots.
I'm sure you know better than what you've said.  North and South Korea, as well as China, know that 45 is a bigger wingnut than they are and they just didn't want him pushing the button first.
You guys don't deserve the credit for almost plunging the world into another war through unwarranted grandstanding, and please stop the arrogance and allow this peace process continue without trying to take credit over nothing.
Great job VP Pence!  You and President Trump will go down in history as the best administration ever!
They will be remembered as the worst government in history.
What a legacy.
Bless your heart


Finally White Skin Unites South Korea & North Korea for White People Powers Union. (United Nations, White People Powers Union, One Korea, 2018)
Hallelujah!Praise the Lord. We,Koreans thank you  Vice President Mike Pence.
You dont’ have a deal yet, so I would be careful with declaring mission accomplished.
I give all the credit for the Korean Peace Summit Dennis Rodman the unofficial Ambassador to North Korea. Thank you @dennisrodman.
....ignore that collusion with Russia..nothing to see there! How about your Flynn knowledge during the transition?...and those, locked, loving eyes toward @realDonaldTrump when he speaks?
Peace on the Korean Peninsula would be a wonderful thing!!!! 
So North and South Korea came together because of the guy who keeps self-incriminating on Fox and Friends? Not likely.
Keep it up!!!!! Making history again.
It is because Trump is an unhinged maniac and China, Russia and SK do not want armageddon on their borders. And Kim is a lot brighter than Trump. Plus China must be giving NK financial support.
After literally selling your so-called Christian soul to the devil, I imagine that the ONLY way you can actually sleep at night is via some of the candies that Ronny Jackson hands out. You're an embarrassment to this country.
It speaks to the fact that Trump is so crazy, impulsive, and bellicose that even Kim Jong-Un knows to steer clear of him.  That's not strength. That's being a sociopath.

Thank God and thank all involved! I am so grateful for our champion, our President Trump!
Trying to take credit where no credit is due is such B.S.
This two Koreas talk ended up as a fake show. 
More pressure on sanctions,  human rights, and denuclearization of NK needed. 
We've lost 25 years since Geneva Agreement in 1994!!!
Bullshit like your administration. Taking credit for other people’s work while distracting from  your assault on democracy. You are the reason the c word exists. #fakechristian

#COMPLICITPENCE #FAKEPRESIDENT #NOTMYPRESIDENT #PUTINSBITCH #PUTINSPUPPET #SEXUALPREDATORTRUMP #UNFIT #MUELLERTIME #STORMY RESIGN
We need the judge to take charge of the problem Puerto Rico has with the debt. this here will not be fine. They have already started to violate the rights of those who protest peacefully.
#MoronInChief and his Little Buddy Mike!  You know when Trump is done so is your Political career as well, hope you enjoy the Pension and the Scandal that will follow you, seen some more racy pics of you, your more guy friendly then you let on aren't you!!
Translation:, "Art of No Deal" Trump, as with TPP, didn't even have a seat at the table. Sad.
TPP wasn’t favored by many. Most notable to me was Krugman. Either way - The SK/NK summit aside, there lingers a larger peace with the western world that Trump may be able to forge. Don’t hand wave that away. It’s important.
Believe Colin Powell nailed it: "International pariah". Trump's actions also unfavorably rattled WTO and IMF.China's biggest buyer of our bonds.Absolutely no real leverage with tariffs.Basically, I see the Art of No Deal. Bluster, bravado,arrogance and ignorance./1
Chief economic advisor quit for good reason.Trump doesn't understand trade,calling imbalances "deficits",repeatedly falsely stating a $500B one with China.We don't Dotard.We import $500B, export $150B, that's $350. But doesn't really matter as you're clueless.Not even B student
Lolololol. Can’t argue. But I can suggest peace in the west is good :)
Agree. Simply really now have real reservations. Irish diplomat told me when I was a pup: "Nations rightfully think only of themselves and diplomacy is just anger with it's hair combed." Just wish Trump would comb his more often.

The left will be after President Trump his whole 8 years in office. They hate him because he is not a political puppet, he is his own man, a real man and he is doing an excellent job, despite them. I will be 64 & have seen a lot of President's this POTUS is the best I have seen.
Well, I'm going to be 64, too, so I've seen all the same guys as you, but you've obviously put on your rose-colored glasses for #45. He isn't a real man; he's a liar & a cheat.....just ask Melania. He gets points, though, for fooling as many people as he has. Take off the glasses
Thanks for your concern. I will vote for President Trump again in 2020. God bless you! :)
You can vote for anyone in 2020; that's the beauty of our democracy. I don't think he'll be running again, but if he does, he won't win. Remember, he's the guy saying we should get rid of the electoral college, & he lost the popular vote the 1st time. He's not really very smart.
It's in God's hands dear Mary! Hugs from North Carolina! :)
And back to you from Wisconsin.
So he's really good at getting lunatic dictators to the table, but not so good at getting congress to work across the aisle. Hmm
We agree with you indeed. Thank you.
Moon Jae In and their top Think-tank (참여연대)'s substances, they are socialist and pro-Syria & Iran activists. Look at this picture. Same groups and rotten MSN fake media impeached President GH Park together. They are very dangerous Anti-Christ/anti-US&Israel forces.





Please sign a https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … and help us to become back  the plane wreck from Russia! #PetycjaSmolenskaDoTrumpa
Absolutely you are right, Mr. VP! But, let me remind you of one thing that Kim Dynasty has been an extreme expert of propaganda.
It has nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump . Don't take away the credit from S Korean pres @moonjaein_ , or even from Kim Jong Un. They accomplished these historic peace talks on their own. S Korea reached out first of their own accord.
Actually, it speaks more to fear of an out of control Trump wanting to start his very own war and finding themselves collateral damage. At best, Trump scared them into peace talks. At worst, Un got what he wanted, plus time to develop warheads. #FoolOnTheHill
The BS is strong with this one.  The Trump administration has, time and time again, abdicated its role as leader of the free world.  Whatever progress is being made in N Korea is IN SPITE OF Trump, not because of him.
It is nothing but the political show. North Korea never give up nuclear bomb. President Moon is a socialist, his role model is Ho Chi Minh, a Vietnamese Communist revolutionary leader. Kim and Moon are dreaming one unified communist country. Must beware dangers in this show.
Im surprised wouldnt have thought you could get all those words out with Drumpf's balls in yours mouth, you must be a pro.
Mr. Pence- why do you make excuses for the worst president in the history of the United States?
How about a statement on the health of Puerto Rico?

Half witted , slick snakeoil sales man take. The fact is whatever is happening is because of NK's nukes. Iraq got decimated because it did not and so on The NK saga( with Bolton and agent Pompeo's proclvities) clearly are encouragement for Iran to go ahead witits nuke program
Meeting with North Korea is a US concession, a big one
Why take anything seriously that Mike Pence says?
Yes, even a blind squirrel finds a nut once in a while.....
That's an impressive statement of resolve and courage on the N Korea situation. it would be remarkable if you would be even half as strong on Russia, their attacks on our elections, their impact on Syria, and the murders in the UK. #LouderWeCantHearYou
#MAGA
please conduct nuclear facilities inspection， make sure all equipments are demobed and destroyed. Can not trust rogue states,
Wipe your nose. There's something brown on it.
Have you electro-shocked your genitals today?

VP's are useless. resign. make the presidency fall.
Oh stop sucking Trumps ego, princess, we can't forget the fact the Moon Jae-In ran on a platform of peace with the North while Donald had threatened to remove troops from South Korea because of a tiny trade issue
Comical.  Gameshow host @realDonaldTrump had nothing to do with the Koreas going to the table.  Stop trying to spin it Mike!  #epicfail @POTUS @PressSec @foxandfriends
Excellent!! 
I honestly thought Kim Jung was beyond sanity but look at him reasoning and making peace. This is truly an amazing if not almost inpossible feat by the president to which I am truly grateful. 

It’s nice to fine proud of my president for the first time in a long time.
I was proud of a great leader, President Obama not some lying orange pig that squats in the White House.
Never trust Moon. He is nothing but a NK's dog. We have to seriously consider NK's regime change. I believe It is the right solution.  Thanks
Yeah, because the US forcing regime changes in the past has worked out so well in the past. That was sarcasm if you didn't pick up on it.
I could have sworn it was president Moon Jae-in I just watched welcome Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un on his visit to a democratic Korea. Like 100% sure it was Moon Jae-in. Was Donald just always on the wrong side of the cameras or something?
Not long ago it was Mr. Trum the one being blame for standing up to North Korea and everyone was blaming Trump. Why did the blames stopped?
Because at the moment South Korean diplomacy is winning out over American "hardball" tactics. Chiding the losing side for making a bad decision is disrespectful and unnecessary. Most heads of state know the value of respecting the losing side.
Seriously! You just make me want to vomit...I didn't like you as my governor and I think less of you now~!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=620311604984900&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.620311604984900%3Atl_objid.620311604984900%3Athrowback_story_fbid.620311604984900%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A-1554615579310183153&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Hey, Mike - There was a time when you could’ve been a good candidate for prez.  Now we can only pity that man - you!  Don’t let yourself be soiled & stained by trump.  I’m a democrat that believes you are so much more than just trump’s Igor.
Not only N.Korea but current South govt is a BIG problem. Most of Moon Jae In's key advisors are pro-Syria & Chinaanti-Israel & US forces. Hidden leaders of communists groups of Candlelight Revolution 2016 are really dangerous. Now, Seoul is a new Mecca of comintern. lol.
I trust you.
Fake News
Thanks
Good job, way to take credit for something you and cheeto had nothing to do with.



Absolutely! This happen thanks to President Trump, if peace and denuclarisation in the peninsula manifested is because President Trump pressure North Korea, and he deserves a "Nobel Peace Prize".





-contingency planning: the planning contingency-

~{the koreas must divide the pipelines now}{mantsjoerije~}
Great speech and great conversation. % fact.
North Korea is negotiating because they accidentally destroyed their nuclear research facility. 

North Korea is destitute and has no other option.
I totally agree with you. We Koreans are grateful to President Trump for his insightful leadership made the inter-Korea summit happen. I also appreciate your visit and firm leadership during the 2018 Pyungchang Winter Olympics.
Puppet.
Sanctions and peaceful overtures from SK leader are to be congratulated (if everyone can ignore Trump's ranting from the sidelines).
Here we go again blowing trumps Horn
The forward movement towards a deal rests on efforts made by SK not hostile barking from Trump.
 If anything Trump's negativity blocks peace
The reality is that it has taken two ingredients for this to take place.
1. The many prayers by the people in South Korea.
2. America's strong and unwavering leadership (#DT).
Mike Pence. Sits with a grin while DT makes a fool of himself!! The cat that ate the canary!! Shame on him!!
God bless America Harlem
who are you? to talk to OTHER sovereign nations like that? "Treat others the way you want to be treated" - Jesus
go to church and shut up you are never going to be president. You are vice president to a fake president. you were a horrible hateful governor and Jesus does not talk to you.
So did they sign the agreement to end the Korean War?  It's in the news.  I firmly stand, No Nuke!
Came to table bc realized a lunatic was at helm.
Why? Bc @GOP & media ushered in the most unworthy @POTUS in history

It was self-preservation in world gone even madder

No way to run a country or intl diplomacy. Your spineless, calculating complicity embodies Gov & media failure
Thank you Mr. Vice President!
MY MIT BOSS DR. LI-HUEI TSAI PLANNED AN ASSASSINATION PLOT AGAINST ME. PLEASE SEE MY FACEBOOK FOR EVIDENCES. NOW I WANT TO SUBMIT A POLICE  REPORT AT MIT POLICE STATION, THEY HAVE ENFORCED NO-TRESPASSING ORDER TO FOIL MY VISIT TO MIT, AND GET A JOB.
Trump has guts and courage...formerly lacking for many years....
Thank you, for your excellent statement VP Pence.
Your statements are like a negative bank balance!
Your statement ain't worth anything.
Important that Kim Jong Un can save his face.
Hahaahahaaa. Sure thing, Mike.
The real reason N Korea has stopped nuclear testing?
They came to the table with SK, not US.
North and South Korea were prompted to this by China and Japan. All the unfit, unworthy idiot in the White House has done - with North Korea, with other players, with the American people - is give everyone a common enemy go guard against. Donald Trump has done nothing here.
@VP
"Trust but verify!"
. @VP No one cares what you think or say. It's all drivel, mimicking 45,and religious garbage. You must be a very boring conversationalist.
You mean we didn’t give them $500 billion dollars?
This had nothing to do with Trump so stop with the arse kissing.
I pray that you guys are truly careful. Which leader and govt style will the whole peninsula have?
Dude, his diplomacy was name calling, bullying and threats! Stop lying!
My statement on the Inter-Korean Summit
MAGA !!!
Oh good. We were all panting to know what the criminal vice president thinks about Korea.
With @realDonaldTrump riding high on the crest of his historical, world saving wave, would now not be great time to sweep into the #CorrespondentsDinner and bask in the adulation? Or shit himself and sulk off, incase someone pokes fun at him.
Bullshit makes the flowers grow, you grow flowers row by row.
President Pussygrabber (@realDonaldTrump) has had nothing to do with North Korea coming to the table. This is all between North and South. 

STFU Mike.
You are as delusional as trump. He did nothing to facilitate this. You can thank President Moon Jae-in.
Well said mr VP
Ok

That's bullshit.
South and North Korea worked this out on their own. That's good news for the world.

Bullshit Pence.


Trump had nothing to do with N and S Korea making peace. More the President of China. All trump did was tweeting like a moron.
Pence, by asserting this has anything to do with trump, has proven his lack of ethics, morals and integrity. He is a pathetic lap dog with absolutely no credibility.
The bootlicking needs to stop.  Trump takes no credit stop,trying to please the lying pig.
United states didn't make any concession because we haven't negotiate anything with them yet. no need to get ahead of yourself yet
Unequivocally true. I am so proud to be an American today. We are on a road to prosperity and world peace. It’s honestly hard to believe that President Trump is leading us there so quickly only 15 months into office.
Is the releasing of Americans, held in North Korea, a Pre-Condition, of the Trump/Kim Summit?
Hey Pence!  'Clear sign'!?!  That's funny.  You should probably see this -->
Peace was made, INSPITE of trump not because of him. All he did was throw insults on twitter. Thankyou SKorea.
The only way this is a lasting thing is if Korea re-unites. Hopefully we are having a "tear down this wall" moment.
TRUMP's statement on the Inter-Korean Summit: "Lil Rocketman better look out - my BUTTON IS BIGGER" - definitely Nobel Peace Prize material.
.@SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer Pompeo may have @POTUS confidence but the American People doesn’t have confidence that Diplomacy is his goal-His long-held position on the use of MilitaryForce, HumanRights & ClimateChange, disqualify him as AmericaChiefDiplomat https://www.vox.com/world/2018/4/26/17286138/mike-pompeo-confirmed-secretary-state-trump …?
Or maybe the North is realizing what is wrong with the USA and doesn't need to have the US in talks with them. Maybe the North is an actual country that can make its own decisions and doesn't need the US's approval.
You are irrelevant,  #DominionistDog
You acted like a tool at the Olympic s. No leadership, just tweeting and golf.
Well, still entering the first step, Mr. Vice President.
You are going to Manchuria Vice President Smileyface. Look up Ping Fang and Unit 731-good luck!
Actually north and South Korea do not need our permission to unify
This has nothing to do Trump or his leadership. They couldn’t care less about Trump. What it shows is they don’t want Trumos childish behavior being a part of this. Trump did nothing to broker this meeting.
If Trump F*%# this up we will all suffer.  Have a strategy before the summit. Talk to the world policy experts and educate Trump now!
Would Be Nice! Can't Trust N/K To Give The Correct Time Of Day...
"Even a blind hawg finds an akern evuh now 'n nen."
@realDonaldTrump Yes. No more cheating with empty promise.
