Not when talks about "HIS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT" It is NOT HIS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT...It is the people of America's Justice Department. We all know he truly wants to be a Dictator.
The truth...
Doesn’t he want to kick half of those people standing behind him out of the country?
Only those trying to get away with illegal activities !  He’s weeding out the “bad people”who insist on breaking laws the rest of us keep!!
Yes like the military vet and doctor that was kicked out. Fighting for the country and helping sick people are definitely illegal activities.
??  That makes no sense!!
Exactly. But it happened. Because of Trump.
I think I missed something there, What happened because of Trump?
No hispanics? Why are my people falling behind culturally in tech?
95% of those jobs are going to H1B visa holders.  That’s how it’s been going. In information technology for a kind time now.
I used to be a Pence fan but after this... I’ve been in IT for 20 years and have had to fight with Infosys. Infosys is based out of India. India is where the tech jobs are going. Where are the IT jobs in the USA  that require US citizens that were born and raised here?
I agree.  The best case scenario is that he has no clue.
When will they screw you?
Bengalurinalli uttida company USA nali belaguthideyallappa jayamurthi sahebare jaya infosis
Are you kidding me???? @Infosys??? The notorious Indian outsourcing company??? If this is an #AmericaFirst victory then I'm Tom Cruise. All you MAGA people are frauds.
So, what are you doing for this country?  #MAGA

Why does a viable company need corporate welfare?
What benefit to Indiana is a virtual remote or off-shore  workforce?
Its no wonder my Indiana taxes are so oppressive
@Tim_Canova Sorry, but this is The Low Point for Trump administration. We need to invest in, educate, train Americans and NOT be accomplices to our own destruction by unethical companies like Infosys who pretend to hire Americans. Four million on H-1b and Americans get crumbs?
Don't fall for the okie-doke people
Never heard of them where are they located?
Trump said this tax break was for small businesses. It’s giving $17 billion to millionaires this year. - Voxhttps://apple.news/AmEdxc59yToyYG728_Kvs5Q
@VP this is the most ignorant thing you’ve put your voice behind. @Infosys is one of the top US job thieves. Do you know what you are saying?
What fucking company is it

America first huh. This looks like India first.
Shill.
More proof trump is a great president
GET OUT !!! RUSSIA WILL TAKE YOU !!!

Broke middle class, ignoring poor, millions with job loss, loss of medical insurance. Yeah, good job Trump!
Trumps a Russian troll for trump first and pence supports him!  Traitors to America!
Nobody has interest in #FieldMouseMike  2020 he belongs in Indiana
Can we ban him from Twitter,  can't stand listening to him.
Treason.
Can you say H1B visas!!!! Infosys is based out of India. I have been in IT for 20 years and have had to fight H1B visa “techs” the whole time. They come over here and take our jobs but can’t speak English. Working with them is extremely difficult!
Thanks VP for your support. Infosys is a great company.
Thou shalt not LIE, liar
Why is he & Ivanka's crap is made overseas?

BULLSHIT.
Media doesn’t talk about this!
LOL you guys crack me up every day.  You do know that InfoSys parent company is based.... in India! How is that America First?

PRISON SOON TRAITORS #MuellerIsComingForYou
Stormy Daniels lawyer thanks "Fox & Friends" for bringing Trump on to make "hugely damaging" admissions
"(Michael Cohen) represents me -- like with this crazy Stormy Daniels deal he represented me."
#HailPOTUS
看到彭斯后面站着的人，才真正理解为什么美国是一个不是美国人组成的强大的美国！
That is "India first" you white haired moron
As we lose one business after another in the Midwest - and the farmers are terrified!!

You mean destroy America first?
Are you and @SecondLady  proud that you support and defend a man that does this?
"He represents me like with this crazy Stormy Daniels deal, he represented me."
The first president in U.S. history to publicly admit paying off a porn…
Just for you Mike!  
A few too many colored people with you for you to be tossing around that #AmericaFirst slogan, Mike.


I loved you had to ask Paul Ryan “what’d he say?”
None of you guys below had anything to do with the jobs announcement 
But ALL of u will be responsible for answering to the  people for backing up a corrupt POTUS
#traitors


Lying is a sin. Why don’t you talk how you want to triple the rent of poor people while giving billions to the rich with your tax scam.
Americans poor dead last
Yeah that @foxandfriends was eye opening. I do believe @realDonaldTrump got into Dr Ronny’s stash

Hoosier Stooge?

Infosys big outsourcing Indian company, u kidding me Pence. They outsourced all tech job to India, get a grip @realDonaldTrump

Thanks VP Mike Pence! It’s getting fun now and you’ve been a huge part of it!!
Keep pushing back VP...you’ve got more support in American people than you can believe! America has figured it out...Democrats and Lefties are tearing America apart with corrupt FBI and Justice Dept!!!

Ask any working class American IT person about firms like @Infosys and I'm sure they'll give you a different opinion than this Mike Pence. God all of your ilk keep out-lying yourselves every hour it seems. Heck you can't even do toxic American nationalism right. What a scam.
Spot on.
Now....thank you very much for not picking me up TODAY....as usual
#Traitor We know you knew plenty about Russia yourself . You have got to go too. #False Christian
Speaking of things the @POTUS is advancing, what's up with YOU advancing on the @POTUS ? Did mother say it was okay to eye-fuck today? 
There u go again.
Did you announce when you knew Flynn was lying?
Mike Pence looks like the KKK poster guy
V P Mike Pence is a credit to the Republican Party.
It is the right employment method not to be unemployed in a company that is satisfied with the consultation at the counseling booth by looking at the direct employment announcement.

Speaking of your agenda, how are the sales of the book about your gay bunny?
Thanks for coming, VP this is a BIG deal for us in Indiana!
Good one
My kids can't even go to school.. Makes sense
Trump had misgivings about Pence because Pence was "too poor" and made fun of him for bringing pets to the VP lodgings and yet he bends over and you still pucker your lips like the rest of the GOP. Ugh.
That Sikh dude is not having any of Pence's BS.
Swamp
BEWARE VP PENCE. THERE ARE SUSPICIOUS LOOKING BROWN PEOPLE BEHIND YOU!
You should stop making people who don't support you stand behind you when you speak.  The faces they make are a distraction from your message, or is that what you are going for?
More winning!!! #MAGA
There aren’t enough hours in the day for the media to attack @POTUS on everything. That means the media has to prioritize. They have chosen collusion conspiracy theories and porn stars. Meanwhile the wall is being built and ISIS is being destroyed right under their noses. #MAGA
Ditto!!!
#penceknew
PROTECT THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION.
You are a disgrace
Many people are saying Trump is a deliciously scabby fartleberry
judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and
