Pence, you sold your soul.
I struggle to understand how you sleep at night. NFL players silently kneeling is the reason to walk out of an NFL game, but Arpaio, a convicted felon, is a tireless pursuer of justice? What a joke.
Praise for Arpaio? You should be ashamed.
Swearing?
You'll have to electro-shock your genitals twice today
Mother left very clear instructions that Michael Pence isn't allowed to swear for any reason.
Your boss and his administration's personal conduct have made the US a joke to the rest of the world.
You're a joke. Trump is responsible for the ending of the Korean war, and the fact that ISIS has lost over 99% of their Territory. Facts don't line up with your narrative which must really bother you.
I don't think a woman other than Pence's wife has anything to worry about. Just saying.


Hmmmm I've tried many times lol
Same here.
https://youtu.be/0BuY_C41vtM  I'm in.
My FULL support. I wish you will run for president of USA one day!! Good luck.
He knew,all about Flynn in November 2016. He was warned by and lied about it!
Got any more bigot felons you're honored to have around?

You’ve truly lost your way. You are not coming out of this unscathed either. Staying in the background doesn’t keep you hidden from Mueller. You ran the transition team. Doesn’t sound like you’re innocent.
Lover of Criminals over Christian behavior > Mike Pence
.@VP Joe Arpaio sycophant.
You’re going to die in prison Mamma Pence
No thanks fake Christian
Your people @GOP gov't of Putin #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
You are going to be held accountable Mike Pence. You will never be President. You too sir, are involved in treason. The American people will not stand for your treachery. Resign before this gets ugly for you and your family.
You're a terrible, terrible excuse for a person. Joe Arpaio is a criminal, and so are you.



You realize Joe Arpaio is a criminal. A pardon does not wipe away that fact. He was convicted. We won't forget.
Hope you're not counting on slipping into the role of President. You are an embarrassment to Christianity, to your party, to all women for staying silent, and to our country.  Pack it up and go home.
Did I hear you say...."Here's a good friend of the President, and a champion of the law?" in reference to Joe Arpaio who was charged with disobeying the law and removed from office?  Your brain has turned into scrambled eggs....or worse. What's next? Roy Moore, the great D.A.?
How does the swearing-in process work when your boss is the devil?



"WATCH LIVE NOW → Swearing"

For a second there I though you were referring to a random Trump rant....

Don’t care what slither snake pence has to say
This, coming from the guy that thinks Joe Arpaio is an upstanding and law-abiding citizen.
You’re a clown.
Eat me.

You are truly proud of a man who abused the rule of law and tortures prisoners? A convicted criminal? And yet you hold a Holy Bible for people to be sworn in on? How will you explain this to Jesus?
Enlighten Me. WTH is this Organization? NWO?
You're deplorable. Sad really, because your wife and daughter seem lovely.
And you are about as appealing and attractive as one.
Ha. Ok.
I'm sorry, I'm better than that.  Just hate when people resort to bathroom humor. You might find me boring, I find potty humor childish.
Well when I read such indolent replies I sort of resort to the same indolent response. We are all wrong going about it that way in the greater scheme of things. Moving forward regardless of our differences should be the next fad.
@VP - Any relation to Rafael Trujillo, the Beast of The Dominican Republic?
Wall street is turning into a complete scam, better investigate the markets. Someone is trying to destroy it, liberal democrats perhaps?
Great job VP.  #KAG MAGA
Mothers going to miss you #PenceKnew #MuellerIsComingForYou
Mr. Vice-President- would you ask President Trump to help my family-Bryce and Maryl Wilks bring their adopted children home from Nigeria? Please intervene and ask the American consulate in Lagos to grant their legally adopted children visas to come home to the US.

Try Swearing in the Fuckin new Citizens of the USA and then maybe I will watch you racist peach of Crap!
You are a racist and a Christian hypocrite.  (Arizona 5/1/2018).  Jesus would have been so disappointed with your words.

Listen you....heard your doctor was involved in a sex cult....you better fire her...otherwise the American People will demand an investigation on you!!!
What does Karen think about you backing IMMORAL Men? Rep. men have lost their souls. How do you explain your support to God?
Shame on you Pence. Honored to welcome the criminal sheriff?????
The Indiana Stooge is unfit to be VP — he thumbs his nose at American justice system by welcoming convicted racist sheriff Joe Arpaio who tortured people in his illegal camp.

Remove Trump & Stooge and vote complicit GOP Out — they are toxic to democracy.




Saying “Arpaio” and “rule of law” in the same sentence surely violates some basic rule of grammar. . . https://twitter.com/thehill/status/991491128041136134 …
Did you bring any DACA kids to watch the ceremony Mike???
You embarrassed yourself and shamed our nation today with your adulation of Joe Arpaio.

For a while, I thought Pence just played dumb. He doesn’t. He is a willing accomplice.  https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
*yawn*
Your sick recognition of Arpaio who thwarted the rule of law and used intimidation practices against opponents regularly is disgusting.
Endorsing a known racist as a friend? What an idiot? You sold your soul, and the world saw it? A CHAMPION of the rule of law??? He was fired for breaking the law!  Typical trumptard?
Sheriff Arpayo is your guest of honor. You just love sheriffs who kill their inmates
There is nothing presidential about Dictator Donald a pathological liar. #worsepresidentever #ImpeachmentNow

Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
So you profess to be a Christian and call Joe Arpaio a “champion of the rule of law”. You are just as sick as Arpaio.
Arpaio?? Are you that dense??  And I thought Nunes was the dumbest Republican.

VP Pence, the White Evangelical in Washington is compromised. The Rule of Law? The Bible? The Constitution? Who needs that stuff. We have Donald Trump! We will lie and lie until America believes Him. @thehill @realDonaldTrump @CTmagazine @ChristianPost @ChrisChurchView @DNC @GOP
Pence and White Evangelicles find great comfort and identity in a  Convicted Criminal, Liar, Racist and Violator of America’s Constitutional Values. 

@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @DNC @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @RepMaxineWaters @RNC_Hereford @WhiteHouse @POTUS
Why am I surprised? @GOP voters and their VP Pence have been very consistent in protecting this Immoral President who grabs unwelcoming women by their..(hair???) or whatever!! Isn’t that a crime? VP Pence have you called for Trump’s Arrest or Impeachment? Are you A Christian?

You and Karen are simply: DISGRACEFUL!
You are a Hypocrite, Everything you stand for is Hypocritical!
Given the accolades you bestowed on Joe Arpiao - I am confident you are a RACIST. 
Wholly Christ Man, even your hair is WHITE.
All I can say to you and yours - F--K OFF. 
Arpaio is a criminal.
Shame on u for thumbing your nose at the rule of law. Joe Arapio is disgusting and so are u .
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gofundme.com%2Fvrs3q-down-payment-on-a-house&h=ATMvsh3DQCgidrzLinRzER-rJAPigqxbJkIq0ahsN-puzMfIoALwkAv5TdmI9B1uc-dcLeOpey5OLLRb3iYaFvjDC34xrcYFDIWMrLUvqeQ1NIfOCAXLJrGUAzrn&s=1 …
Mike Pence, God loves your bigotry and racism
You'll be gone first Traitor Pence. #LockYouUp
.
So VP Pence called disgraced (and Trump pardoned) AZ sheriff Arpaio a "champion" of the "rule of law"?!!? That's sort of like calling Kanye West a "scholar" of "antebellum history."
Hey Mikey, your praise of criminal Joe Arpaio proves that you don't give a sh!t about the rule of law. The world is fortunate that you and Trump's other Reich members are incompetent.
Mike when you get in office we are going to still be here
#SOSVenezuela




We your buddy Joe there?

If the Ambassador were swearing at you,.. I might watch



This is how Mike spends a lot of his time.  @VP

So the president may step into the investigation,  Can you explain how our government works, or are you that far gone.  Is this man Satan that he controls you all

So the US Ambassador to the Organizatio of the American States? So is he the ambassador for the people to the US Gov. Or is he the Ambassador for Corporate/Organization America. In other word the General in charge of LOBBYIST?




No Thank You! The only televised show I am looking forward it’s Your & the Traitor IMPEACHMENT!

Mike Pence 



representation of any State in the Senate, the executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the
