Trump named a politician who has denied climate change science and who has no scientific credentials...to run NASA.
Trump's NASA nominee is willing to study climate change... on Mars
Trump Budget Cuts "Critical" NASA Climate Missions - Scientific American
Trump’s NASA budget request reduces Earth science, eliminates education office – Spaceflight Now http://bit.ly/2tWo7Hc 
Donald Trump Wants YOU To Join The Space Force!
Buzz Aldrin Looked As Baffled As We Felt During Trump’s Space Talk
Appointing a scientist instead of a climate-science denier might help you to achieve that goal. Also appointing a copyeditor to your tweet staff might be a good idea, because......damn.....
OUR RIGHTFUL ROLE? Really?
And, good luck making progress without endorsing and promoting #Science, or evidence-based #Facts. #ScienceMatters!!  

BTW, ours is a #SecularNation. Keep ur God to yourself and #KeepYourReligionOffMyLifestyle #LGBT #POC #Women #DacaDreamers
#hardball
Science doesn’t belong to a country or a nation, it is for humanity to share
Yes yes yes; EXACTLY right!!! This f'n administration SMUGLY thinks it ALONE is blessed by ITS GOD, and SOMEHOW inherently the repository or INHERITOR of ALL things great. GRRRRR.... Ethnocentric CRAP.
Nasa”s new budget is 10 billion thoughts and prayers..


Yet another unqualified person in a job he knows very little about. How long before he is engulfed in a scandal?  Typical @realDonaldTrump appointee
Make NASA science-free!
can he send you to space?
Good luck
The coolest part? #JimBirdenstine doesn’t know or understand the basic science generated by the agency he’s about to run. That @realDonaldTrump, making America great again, one unqualified appointee at a time.
Solid shit!! Boo hoo!

Congratulations Jim! This is very exciting! God bless
This appointment is a travesty!

Another outstanding choice POTUS made. Jim is intelligent, grounded and has a incredible passion for his next mission. He will definitely play an important part in helping POTUS "Make America Great Again". Congratulations Administrator Bridenstine,  You make "Oklahoma Proud".
HE IS A GOOD MAN AND GREAT CHOICE!!
Is he gonna lead new Journey’s into Uranus?
Lol
Well, that’s another step on the road to making facts optional and science irrelevant. How embarrassing for America, to have our nation’s most inspiring agency run by a science-denier. If you think this is getting you points with Jesus, dude, you’d better think again.





How wonderful it would be for our children to experience the excitement of space exploration like we experienced in the 1960's!
excellent news
#MAGA
Time to tell the nation everything about UFO's and extraterrestrials. Stop hiding what you know and be honest with Americans. ITS TIME TO END THE COVER-UP!
The White Walker strikes again.  Love how he lurks behind @POTUS salivating over the idea that he will replace the guy!

The Indiana Stooge, and Least Curious VP in modern history, swearing in the least qualified NASA administrator in its history.

What a lousy day to be working at NASA.

Remove Trump and Indiana Stooge and vote complicit GOP Out.
Anyone accusing someone of being a climate change denier is no more interested in science than a president who said that his election lowered the sea level is.
Science, do any of you understand what that is?? JFC 
Bridenstine is completely unqualified to lead NASA. This administration is a complete disgrace.
If the other officials nominated by your administration are any indication, his job description is to dismantle NASA piece by piece.
A climate change denier with no background in science.  You had to look pretty hard to find such an unqualified person.
Too bad he doesn’t know what his job is. #ClimateChangeIsReal


Unbelievable! How can you pick a person who is not a scientist and a climate change denier to NASA?
A climate change denier is the opposite of the type of person needed for this job. But, you knew that, right? The entire cabinet is filled with opposites.
Hahahaha... To funny. You sound like a Milennial  :)
Gee, thanks. I'm 66.
#obsequious-suck-ass #you-kill-christianity’s-credibility #seeing-your-picture-makes-me-want-to-shower
Horrifying.
Not a Scientist! Your whole admin is amateur hour and charlatans!
Leader of what? A pack of lies? If space would have been real we would still be in awe of the space rocks... But they were fake. Nevermind...
The day our kids would be able to take a trip to the moon just like taking a trip to another state or country is a future I'm sure the world would love to share. #onerace  #humans
Idiot
I see #GodHead behind Pence
Going right to hell for your lies alone.
CONGRATULACIONES Y QUE SIGAN ADELANTE!
Meant to say,  "remember Flynn.  Just sayin'. "
Seriously... Integrity? Coughbullshitcough
Let me guess.  This guy doesn’t believe we should be in space, is not a scientist, and thinks this program should be dismantled.
Gods Speed Jim Bridenstine
Thankful for your wisdom and leadership VP Pence. NASA is blessed to have such a great leader sworn in by your Office. MAGA & May God continue to Bless America.
I hope so, leadership, integrity, & passion has been MIA in @realDonaldTrump appointees/nominees.
LES  CRITIQUES ET LES CROCS EN JAMBE SORTIRONT DE PARTOUT MAIS N'OUBLIEZ JAMAIS @VP,  QUE VOTRE MISSION  VOUS ET @realDonaldTrump  EST DE REDONNER AUX USA SA SPLENDEUR ET SON RESPECT DE LEADER DE L'ESPACE. "MAKE AMERICA GREATEST NUMER ONE".
Okey dokey, Weirdo.  The guy doesn’t believe in science.
An unqualified climate change denier. Just as dumb as you claiming you are a “Christian”
Did you know that even NASA is deeply politicized by Obama holdovers. Republican astronaut candidates will be discouraged
Association.
Clown
Whoa, "rightful"?
How will he do that without a background in science?
Brilliant.  A man with NO scientific background running NASA.
What idiot came up with this idea...
Oh yeah, Herr Comrade Trump.
Another "win" for the country.
Remember Mr. Pence, history will remember you complicity and it won't be kind to you.
Oh Mike go back to sleep.  The chance of you ever getting elected after being such a faithful bobble head for photo ops is about as good as Putin becoming the next Prez.  You're surely old enough to remember The Who, and We Won't Get Fooled Again.
You don’t even know what NASA does. Because it’s SCIENCE!!!
Tell the truth pence.another nomination for a position least best suited for aside from dismantling.
UGH! dismantling all that is good about science! Disgrace!!!
And someone who had absolutely no qualifications for the role.  Great job!
U do know the USA doesn’t have to be the leader of everything right??
How many people are u putting into jobs their not qualified for?
It's not retain any more! It's to contain and recover. As of now containment of the Trump's destructive policies is out of sight and so recovery!
You should be embarrassed
Hoping we can once again hold our heads up proudly as the worlds leader in space exploration. The last pontus wanted US to be a loser.
Such BS

If this statement by @VP was remotely true, he wouldn't have been nominated.
A climate denier that’s bad for all of us
which is why we use soyuz capsules to launch our explorers into space. leadership.....
*cries a little bit*
*Sniffle*
No I’m ok I’m alright....
*keeps sobbing*
Every time you appear on my Twitter feed I will call you a count. Mike Pence....you are a cunt
When incompetent individuals pick another incompetent, they should feel confident
All treaties aside whoever gets there first will control the assets they are involved with! With every resource available there we must get there first and lay claim to the most abundant resources available! Keep going guys, let’s win this race!
You sleazebag
Too bad this administration has appointed someone clearly inferior to his predecessors for the job
Like the current Sec of Energy ¿
On today's top stories moon wedge vanishes into thin air
Not to mention all of the phanomonal research NASA does in the field of earth science and atmospheric monitoring! #EarthScience #Science #ClimateChange #ClimateChangeIsReal
This might be the most grievous embarrassment your boss has perpetrated and in this administration that is really saying something.
I wouldn't brag about this Mikey. So what are your thoughts on the RADICAL, WHITE, CHRISTIAN TERRORIST who gunned down the innocent people in the waffle house on 4/22/18? He was eventually arrested, but not shot, by police even though he was carrying a gun.

Totally unqualified.
You know you've set back manned Mars landings another 20 years don't you ?

Pence, just choke on your breakfast
Resign
Please list his resume’ and science background and his research into anything involving science. You can’t do that.
Thank you, Mr. Vice President.
Both u and Trump administration make a mockery of the Federal Government by nominating people to head these major agencies who have zero leadership experience
I would love to see a rocket blast off at the Cape but unless you have a special documents to get their in site of the rocket. This is the only thing I like to see before I die. But have a great day and thank you for swearing in the new NASA director.
 He is not qualified
Despite your religitardation we may still do so.
I'm sure he'll do a great job, considering he's anti-science and NASA largely functions on the basis of ...uh...what is it...oh, yeah, science. But then he'll fit right in with your choices of "soil the earth" Pruitt, for the EPA, and "stomp out justice" Jeff Sessions as the AG.
#free #Biafra Nigeria solders were is #mazi Nnamdi Kanu 
#support #Biafra #Referendum Buhari killer
Your favorite thing to do....give big promotions & new, high paying jobs to white people.
I notice that you didn't use the word "science" there even once
What would Carl Sagan do?
Sorry, but anyone or anything supported by those Trumpian clowns is something I don't, since every single Cabinet Member seems to have the destruction of their respective departments as their mission statement. Why would Jim Bridenstine be different? If Pence likes him...#NoTrust
If only he had an engineering or science degree.
Or...

Above all the noise of politics ... I’m very excited to see which frontiers we reach in my lifetime. Good luck #nasa
Bless my soul.  Be good.
I’ll give him a chance, but I happen to like and support NASA and this is not a good pick IMO.
an actually qualified appointee would have been preferred. Zero confidence in your confidence or your integrity.
No scientific credentials, he isn’t fit for the position.
@labdrive2 No need to send us all these tweets confirming you are a perfect idiot: we already know.
.@VP @NASA @POTUS ok, now stop wasting taxpayer money on SLS and Orion. Split it up amongst private companies that don't waste.
He will be missed in House as one of the best conservatives in the Country.

Does President Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize after getting North Korea to shut down their missile tests?
#bobblehead
I’ll be surprised if he makes it three months be for Trump fires him too
Short for "Bride of Frankenstein". 
@DHSgov @FBI @cia @realDonaldTrump It must be publicly stated that the Federal Corporation is officially the enemy of the Independent Corporate States of America and your Public Safety Officials are indeed your Infantry.

Congratulations Jim Bridenstine & Welcome To NASA
You f**king Onion Head


Pretty sure NASA is about sending stuff into space, not tree hugging.
I don't remember global warming (not climate change) as being the mission statement of NASA charter. Hmm go fug urselves idiots.
NASA scientists and support staff are ashamed and disheartened by this appointment.... EMBARRASSED... Not that Trump cares.
What is wrong with you people? Why do you have the ABSOLUTE MOST UNQUALIFIED people in your stinking Administration?
Another non scientist in a science job... from friends of mine at NASA you need to know that the true pros are disheartened and embarrassed. Good thing this will all be over soon with Trump's perp walk at which point they should erase every move he's made.
Make the liars at NASA stop revising the temps to make fake global warming look real

Sperm in space! 

Well?
A great scientist? No? A great leader? No? Political patronage? What the hell is the matter with you?

After bruising nomination fight, NASA Administrator James Bridenstine facing more challenges 

https://usat.ly/2HM4Grh  via @usatoday
You can’t be a leader when you deny something the rest of the world acknowledges and is actively working on.
Shame on you! The man is unqualified.
Potus has no integrity  #TrumpLies #BREAKING: Flight records show Trump spent night in Russia during 2013 trip, contradicting past claims: report
Yay! Another ignorant, unqualified trump appointee! First priority: stop those terrible space traffic jams.
Ridiculous. He isn’t qualified for the position. Your administration would be laughable if it weren’t so dangerous to all the entities it oversees.
Great, another unqualified administrator, and a science denier to boot.
Why did you not place a person with actual hands-on experience in this position? Why does this administration seem to pick lesser qualified people in critical positions? Safety & security are being torn down by your actions.
#sad
I have a idea  on building a robot army so we dont need
To send troops into harms way
Another unqualified individual

Really? You already commercialized the industry what would you possibly plan to send astronauts to the ISS in a replica Soyuz look alike?
Hello my brother
That a-hole still thinks the world is flat.  Nice going head
Wonder how much $$ he intends to embezzle from this job. .
You're not fit to be in their presence Pence. You exist in a state of hate & fear.
So sad....all the new technology will now come from other countries. Dumbing down America
#PutScienceBackInNASA
This administration is vile... the stench will stay with them always. Lock them up!

Is he still a climate change denier?
@elonmusk dude you’re our only hope now
#penceknew
So like all Trump appointments he will celebrate by taking 3 month trip. Plans are to visit the Disney Studios in China. NASA Head gets to bring take the whole office and they Fly First class. Generous of the Pr to do that and send the bills to US Tax payers.
you really are the tea boy mike!
I hope you didn’t touch anything this time.
