
@KerfuffleBuff 

@KerfuffleBuff  resist the BLOCK
No you're not. Keep propping up criminal Sheriff Joe, hypocrite.
Actually after viewing some footage at the border itself I see you do have a large problem. The wall isn't the answer!!!!!

Don't count it out! President Trump is a go getter! God has him right where He wants him!
In the ‘tippy-top-great-great-place’?  

He’s a lying grifter, who doesn’t remember the name of the building he lives in...and ya got conned. 
https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/remarks-president-trump-2018-white-house-easter-egg-roll/ …
I never thought of it that way but you’re right! Trump didn’t recall White House. That’s nuts.
Yup. And it’s a ‘house’ that’s ‘white’.
Lol! Tippy-top!
Lisa didn’t like my tweet 
Hmm, she didn’t like mine, either. Maybe God told her to block us? At least I’ve found a new normal!
Quit wasting our money. You already gave your buddies the tax break. We can’t afford healthcare or college so we sure as heck can’t afford a useless wall. Unless your contractor friends are feeling left out.
Will the cult follow you as they do #IQ45?  

I don’t think so.

An old man said we live as stranger who living at stranger land. So what's should we do for stranger people. Just peace and better solution.. (USAID maybe)
My support for this fictitious wall you speak of is wholly dependent on which side of the wall you and your boss plan to be on.
Pence is trump's true coffee boy. The @GOP is deplorable. trump is getting cuffed soon
Where is snake head @SenateMajLdr ?
A $15 billion border wall to prevent drugs, crime, guns, sex trafficking & criminals from flowing into the United States is too expensive according to Democrats.

But Obama sending $150 billion to Iran which helped grow their nuclear program and fund terrorists is totally fine!
Total respect for this man.  Go, VP Pence!!!!
We don’t need a new fence but thanks anyway.
MAGA
Starting when???  Right after Obamacare is repealed ???
Pence is so stupid.
Walls have a very limited effectiveness. If they really worked, Army bases and camps would be surrounded by walls. Boarders are important, but try using 21st centrury methods to protect the boarder.
Mueller's coming after you next, Pence.
#MAGA.KAGA
For now. Another President will come soon enough and change everything
It would be good to disperse an agency (the national guard?) to places other than the border crossing to access the problem there too.
That should say assess
I love Mike Pence Christian values much needed in our world now
you may like them but the catholic church does not accept them.
Good Vice President Mike Pence. Build that wall. Period.
Except, you won’t.
“For the Lord your God...loves the strangers, providing them food and clothing.  You shall also love the stranger, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.” - Deuteronomy 10:18-19 –  #NoWall #BuildBridgesNotWalls
Can’t tell whether they are chanting “Build the Wall” or “Lock Him Up”
Please hurry, the rest of S. America is coming for a free ride now.
Actually there will be four walls. We will call them the penitentiary. Something tells me this may not go well for you either when investigated. How much do you know?
Stop trying to be like CON DON

Ok, let MEXICO pay for it. I am behind $86/mo with the great middle class tax cut. Get $60 from tax cut. Ins up $146 cause elimination of mandatory sign up. Sccew you very much. Trump promised better health care at better prices. 
I feel sorry for you

#low
You aint building shit
Bring on that wall..

I hope you don't have children.... They might prove you wrong. I love and respect President TRUMP and his royal family xxx
Most immigrants aren't criminals. And a wall won't stop the bad ones.
Shove the wall up your @NRA pounding ass. 
And they know we are Christinas by our love, @VP https://www.nbcnews.com/news/mexico/trump-admin-won-t-build-shelter-border-migrants-seeking-asylum-n870106 … #women #Children .
Truly
@carlofiorletta
Great President! God does have him right where He wants Him! Romans 13:1 Let everyone be subject to the governing authorities, for there is no authority except that which God has established. The authorities that exist have been established by God.
Marx 19:40. "Time wounds all heels".
Carlo cartoon corollary....
Waiting :)
SO WHEN ARE THESE ILLEGALS GOING TO BE STOPPED FROM ENTERING OUR COUNTRY.EVERY RNC ARE SITTING ON THEIR HANDS DOING NOTHING!! FED UP WITH LIBERAL CRAP.

thats the Clinton foundation!
It’s not about republican or democrat or conservative and liberal. It’s about right and wrong. @realDonaldTrump is fighting for all the right things. #MAGA
No he's not. He never expected to win. That's, likely, why the Trump Org was negotiating a Trump Tower in Russia right up until the win.

Got elected & has been 'flying by the seat of his big pants' ever since.
He says what he does to keep ppl like you believing. GOP in trouble
Do you really believe your own bs... One rule in life, never lie to yourself
Just stopping by to leave this shirtless photo of #ColinKaepernick here. You can save it for later, do what you need to do. The lord won't judge and he loves Homosexuality BTW. He doesn't like people who judge others though!
Am I too old to put posters on my wall?? LOL
No such thing! #Pence should learn that himself, never too old to figure out your sexuality either or accept it @VP
 YES  YES YES 
 VICE PRESIDENT !!!
 MIKE PENCE !
BUILD THE WALL !!!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND AGAIN !
Just as dumb as the orange one. You probably seemed a lot smarter before leaving Indiana.
And you know full well that Mexico WILL NOT PAY FOR IT!  We the unwilling American tax payers will pay for whatever stupid wall your boss comes up with.
Any chance Mexico is still gonna pay for it or have we abandoned that lie for a new one? #ArtOfTheDeal #Waiting
With  Mexico paying for it right???!!!!
The billion dollars could fund trade schools for our people
Mr. Pence as a Catholic I don't understand how you can be so merciless towards poor people that our Pope says we should help..
We help the needy. not helping the sex trading, drug trafficking, gang affiliated illegals who want to disrupt our society. #BuildThatWall
May God continue to Bless You & the President daily! I pray for all of you daily! Sure do not like seeing the hateful replies on here! You guys just keep your eyes on God. He will lead!
Why don’t you start with telling the truth about this horrible president that you serve. We don’t need a wall and you know it. Sycophant Pence is just as bad
Just look at California and you have the perfect example of why we need a wall....
As long as we keep creeps like you OUT, we don’t need a stupid wall.  Fun Fact- we’ve had a wall for 40 years or more.  Go away please.
Hahaha

I’d like to build it around you and your ilk.
And who will pay for it? Your buddy blotus? Maybe from the treasury money he has stuffed into his pockets for his endless mars lago Trips? Your Jesus would despise you.
TROLL 
Nah. Just an educated American who can’t take this bullshit any more.
Because you're going to be taking it. For another six and a half years! Suck on that!
YEAH FROM ARIZONA!!!!

In honor of building the wall, I will do what a wall essentially does and block all Trump haters! I call it, the Trump wall Twitter block.
Build the wall!  Build the wall!
It needs to be built, this countrie is  outrageous & bad, they really feel that we owe them because there next to us, we don’t owe them nothing,send them back, notice how the states that are against marijuana laws are suing to end daca? but no calif California exit USA please!!!
I hope it’ll be around you and your boss.
No. We’re not.
Nope. NEVER gonna happen, and you are well aware of that Pinhead. Stop lying for a change
Is  that what Jesus would do?
Build the wall.
And you should be on the other side no great loss you are not a man just a puppet
Douche.
Finally set up that #GoFundMe, did you?
#please #help or #share #payitforward
Before Trump picked you as his running mate, you criticized Trump, saying such things like "he's not fit to be president". You harshly criticized Trumps wall. Wow, you're such a phony!!!
With the Army. And so... all that useful work they are doing over seas... like keeping the fight against terrorists off US soil, will now be building this wall. #PenceHatesAmericanSafety
Any thoughts who to vote for on Indiana senator
Awesome amazing Vice President Pence and his WHOLE family
When ??? After we have all these illegals inside our country ?
How's your new racist pal, Sheriff doing? Bet he makes you proud if how Christmas like he is. Did u even know who Jesus was?
You are encouraging racism- and you know it.
Hey on your mom I got your mother in a or a good night and mother or mom mother or woman of the day and mom sister or mom woman mother or woman woman oof I love my mom to go back home to get mom to go Oklahoma was my mom and sister woman woman and mom would
#maga
#BuildTheWall
So, how much does it cost and what is the ROI? A wall makes no cents, so rather than being profitable, it is racist. "Profitable or Racist or both" should be the motto of the GOP, and the logo should be a white dude with a rifle.
No you are not. Patriotic Americans will stop you.
My FULL support. Good luck.
What brown said as to the Vice President was what we call n counseling. Transference. Brown is the huge problem not the Vice President. Brown is an absolute disgrace as to California. N he has a massive amount of folks who absolutely detest him. Will soon see n elections soon
Joe Arpaio was convicted of federal contempt of court for ignoring a judge's order to stop racially profiling Latinos before being pardoned by Trump.  He's hardly a champion of the Constitution. Drinking too much of the trump koolaid.

Around you, with bars.
You said you were “honored” that Joe Arpaio attended this event. Arpaio was convicted of willfully violating a court order. You don’t get to claim we are a land of laws when you support those who ignore it.
Not only honored, he claimed that Arpaio was a a champion of law and order. Apparently only the laws Joe agreed with, because he was convicted for disobeying laws.
Yes and fast too!!!!!
Jail cell for you and Trump.

You have to get funding FROM MEXICO first.
. @VP That's probably not going to happen. Indictments, trials, etc. will be too time consuming.
Build the wall!!
You are nuts
FUCK YOU  !! #Pence  #PenceKnew   #Fucktrump  !! #TrumpIsAMoron #TheResistance
So fun being in that audience yesterday!!! Good times are here and more to come!!
This is another baffoon
Our Country is being tested both by Foreign and Domestic Enemies! We MUST pass the test, if we do not, we will lose our country! It is that simple! Border Security is National Security.
Liar
How can you claim to be a Christian when everything you do shows otherwise? You don’t even talk the talk much less walk the walk. Your boss may have mental issues to blame for his intolerance, yours is clearly by choice.
KEEP UP WITH THE LIES MOST OF US KNOW U LIE U HAVE about 38% that think MAYBE U MIGHT BE TELLING THE TRUTH BUT THEY ARE LEAVING U FAST WE WILL LOCK U UP FOR TREASON GOT U LOL
So being a hard core christian means turning away those in need. When did Jesus say that???
If a naturalized citizen originally came here illegally, then a law should be made to prevent them from ever being allowed to vote. This alone would stop all democrat support for importing illegals for votes.
Build the Wall 
Is Mexico stilling going to pay for your barrier, I.e. Trump’s monument to bigotry?
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/991462192590589952 … (Ranked 15th for May 1.)
Maybe you can find the money to pay for it as well.
With our money... wasn’t Mexico supposed to pay for it?
Que bueno asi se habla., ya es hora.que sepan que este es un País de leyes.y tienen que respetar.
Nope.
YES!!!
No, we won't!
Let’s build the case for y’all’s indictments
Build the wall
With what money?   Mexico isn’t paying for it.  Why don’t you donate all your net worth to that vanity project. #repent #resign
Why
HALLELUJAH 
Useless, expensive pieces of Trump propaganda - both the Wall & Pence. Is the slogan "America First" or "America Alone?"
See that Pence is using Cambridge Analytical talking points again.
We do not want Trumps racist, fearmongering monument.
Omg that's funny. We ain't even started a wall and Congress did everything possible in the omnibus budget to stop a wall.
Riiiigggghhhhtttt
Keep Lying
Not if we can stop you.  We the people do not choose to give you the money to do so.

AND MEXICO WILL PAY FOR IT, they say. ‘How?’ might be a question but not for them. The ‘post-truth-era’ cannot handle the ‘H-question’.
Who’s paying for it Mikey Tool Bag?!
I thought you already started?
We needed it a decade ago.  Build it!
Bull
Ty
Is that what Jesus would do? Would he say let those children starve? You are such a fake Christian! Nobody is fooled by your bs. You are as evil as Donald Trump the con man. #PenceIsAnIdiot #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
How Dare you, Mr VP?, praise this horrible, horrible human being!! You have now joined the lowest class of human beings possible!
 Christian? Not!!!
Please do not mention you love the Lord. God is love.
Build that wall & DTS !
Build that wall!
Our military had better be building it already!
And strike another bl;ow to farmers and ranchers. Come on out of the closet Mike, you'll feel much better about yourself. #ClosetedVp
Why are we sending the caravan countries $? Their governments help their citizens game our laws, we support them here (and there) and they send money home! We already have to many public charges. We don't need to import more.
Let's get past that "we're going to build that wall" part and get to "the wall is being currently going up as we speak" part. Action speaks louder than words.

We’re going to tear it down! #NoHumanBeingIsIllegal #youcantbuildawalltothesky #DACA
Soon as possible 
Mighty Christian of ya.
NO, No you won’t LOL!!
We're going to GET MEXICO TO PAY FOR IT
BUILD THE WALL & END Catch & release NOW!  In fact, end Catch & Release 1st because it will take years to build the wall even if given the money needed right now.
Yep. Jesus was a big wall builder.  You’re a Fake Christian.
Mr. Vice President, you are a rock star. Keep up the good work.

Yes!!!!!!  Thank you for keeping the campaign promises and keeping America moving in the right direction! #maga
Getting yourself in line for the takeover?

hope you pay for it asshole mexico doesn't want I and we have enough staff to monitor... u gettinga kickback
You openly endorsed a convicted criminal last night so you should resign
#MikePence Has Declared War On Mexico =Only Way They'll Ever Pay "We Are Going To Build A Wall" How You May Ask [?] With Money, That @Mexico Government Will Be Forced To Pay Via #MexicanPesos Hold Your Breathe Till That Money Magically Appears @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Politico @AP
And Mexico is paying for it, as your hero promised, correct?
No, we are not. The PEOPLE do not want it.
Translation: Please, somebody come up with a good excuse for us not to build it... it makes us look really stupid, but if we don't they'll say were stupid for bringing it up... like we screwed ourselves.
#FuckYouRacist
And meanwhile, we need to protect the bit of it that we do have! #CaravanOfIllegals
Build it around ur mouth
Shame on you Mike Pence and you too Donald Trump - Ronald Reagan knew what to do with walls -
YES .
Outstanding
Yeah right
Fun fact: Jesus hates racists...
I HOPE NOT !!!
You’re a racist not a Christian.
SO you told THEM people to turn AROUND and GO to tell the own president the USA do NOT accept ILLEGALS IS NOT the Obligation AND SUPPORT Strangers so the sending BACK AMERICA TAXPAYERS DO NOT TOLERATE ANYMORE ILLEGALS TAKEN OUR BENEFITS AND JOBS AMERICA RISE YOU VOICE

Trump and Pence wall . It is already built just need to lock you up
When you say "WE'RE" You're referring to Mexico Right?? That's what you Promised during the campaign... Toy @VP #Clowns
