but whatever you do, do NOT propose reasonable and overdue gun controls! #fuckingidiot @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan #GOP
Gun control is the misguided belief that a man who willfully disregards the law against murder will obey a law that says he can't have a gun.
#2A #GunsSaveLives #DefendTheSecond
Maybe not.. But stopping easy access will help.
Moreover, how do you propose to stop access to firearms by criminals?  Even in the gun ban utopia of Australia criminals buy homemade machine guns and silencers on the black market.

That doesn't answer my question now, does it?  How do you propose to stop criminals from getting guns?  You're the one who claims that stopping "easy access" is the key.  What's your solution?
First weapon and owner should be registered in a national database.. You sell a weapon, documentation should be transferred and recorded against the new owner. No permit, no documentation.. Fine and firearms destroyed.. That would be a good start
Canada tried exactly what you're proposing... They ultimately abandoned the effort.
Gee, if only there were some way to make it infinitely harder for the wrong guys to have guns...
There in lies the problem... the bad guys dont care about breaking the law and most of their guns are attained illegally.  So they want to take the guns out of the hands of the good guys and leave them defenseless on the OFF chance it keeps them out of the bad hands.
The data doesn't support your ascertations.
Look up the research on how many lives are saved by guns done by the cdc and accepted by the statistic council. Its way more lives saved than lives lost. IT'S strictly on personal ownership.
Again the data do not support this. You are picking and choosing which data to use to support your argument and you also make mistakes in correlation vs causation. More guns = more gun deaths. Full fucking stop.
If there werent guns people would find other means to kill. That was what ive been saying. I believe its not guns its about culture. Guns have been around for a long time but now its becoming more apparent due to society thats its culture at its base form. Guns dont kill people.
I would rather have to disarm someone with a knife then someone with a gun because at least I'll have a chance.
Oh no better send more thoughts and prayers lol, how about finding the issue instead of sticking your finger up your arse and praying for it to be better.
looking for words of comfort for the victims of 
#Antioch
#WaffleHouseShooting
#nothing
#AR15  
#GunControlNow
And by attacks on law enforcement you mean your party's nonstop smear campaign against the FBI and DOJ, right?
Your reading comprehension, sir, is only matched by your civility.
match your lips to my butt!
I'm sure your desire to have gay sex is interesting to you, and maybe to the vice president. But I am definitely not interested.
Pray for their children...that they will not have just learned to hate.
Why they never shown a picture of the guy who kill these cops he wasn’t black or brown I guess ?
You mean like the smart and dedicated lawyers at the DOJ and FBI??? Wow!!! You guys never cease to amaze ..,dotards!!
You should be the one running our country! @VP
I DO NOT WANT TO LIVE IN A PLACE WHERE OUR POLICE OFFICERS ARE SCARED TO POLICE. #BLUELIVESMATTER #ALLLIVESMATTER #POLICEARETHERETOHELPYOU #STOPTHEVIOLENCE
Horrible! Prayers for our heroes families. We must bring God back into our country!
good one pence
It is really getting sickening why people are killing the people that protect us!!! It has to be they are really terrible men and women. That need to be put to death too. Oh to the fallen men I pray for there family that the man or woman. That did this job, get caught.
@MichaelWGaul1 @FoxNews I hope you anti cop ppl need one today!
Very very sad about the two officers. My thoughts and prayers are with the family and Community. With that being said, can you please tell @realDonaldTrump to stop the attacks on our law enforcement too? Think it's only fair that the President is held to the same standard.
Very very sad about the two officers. My thoughts and prayers are with the family and Community. With that being said, can you please tell @realDonaldTrump to stop the attacks on our law enforcement too? Think it's only fair that the President is held to the same standard.
Gee if only your boss would quit attacking the FBI
Support gun control then! Don't continue to be a puppet of the NRA!!
Yeah, like Mueller and Comey. Change starts at home.
@VP Y don't you tell that to your idiot boss @realDonaldTrump he's the one attacking our law enforcement/& gov agencies dept of justice /FBI and he attacks our free press ,he and the GOP u included r destroying our democracy .
Really
How about attacks on the press and our country from @POTUS?  When are you going to stop allowing this behavior.  You're making yourself out as a traitor too.
Tell Trump to set an example! He attacks everyone!
Whatever happened to swift justice executed toward those who murder?
God bless
That is terrible, may God bless their families
Right or wrong, people will fight back.
PowerPrayers
zero tolerance
Well, maybe cops should learn to do their jobs instead of just shooting an unarmed civilian. People are firing back.
Where is this in the news? Where is the protests and uprising?
Absolutely disgusting. Sure there are a few rogue cops here and there but the vast majority are hard working good guys that put their necks on the line for our safety.
So, are the police going to call a truce against unarmed black men?
... thoughts and prayers, right?
ACAB
Terrible. No consequences/fear of capital punishment. Our land is filled with bloodshed as a result.
Sad condolences kill the culprits deport Expell all immigrants for security reasons n peace expell all Isis Terrorists clans n families immediately @POTUS
Such a shame in such small community prayers and thoughts go out then God bless
Oh... That will help

Obama called the police stupid etc.  He turned the black community against law enforcement with his nasty remarks.  Then went to Dallas for a memorial.  What a POS, just to stiffen the Dem base.
RIP
Never know, it could've been another case of John Bad Elk.
I live on Long Island when I passed a police car I give a thumbs up we have to back our policeman 100% if I saw an officer of the law being hurt I would defend him with my vehicle  The law represents civilization
And your party continues to attack the FBI. #christianasshole #trumpstooge
Murders of police officers are at historic lows. Murders by police officers of unarmed citizens are at historic highs. Do you ever post about those?
You are sick
Why not say anything about the Massachusetts police officer that was killed? Oh that's right we are a blue state not part of your base
Bless them
How about ending law enforcements attacks on innocent people.
Unfortunately, attacks don't come out of thin air, for no reason..
These brave men and women put there lives on the line every day not just as a job. They could do something else and get a lot less crap from the people they have sworn an oath to protect.
So True, They the front Line when there is Trouble on the streets. Take care all .
Prayers
Will do fuck all
Cops killing civilians must end.
God bless them and their families. Also all the other men and women of law enforcement who risk their lives on a daily basis to keep ours safe.
Please?
Attacks on innocent black men should stop too- let’s see a tweet from you on that VP. Or would your rich who’re old men’s club object?
If only people had fewer guns to be shooting at them...
That's not the problem.
They also dedicate their lives to protect evil that supports fatherless families.
Thank you,  Mr. Vice President. Law abiding citizens stand with our elected administration and  our law enforcement officers.
Trump's America.
RIP to these hero’s! May God light shine upon your souls and the Holy Spirit comfort your loved ones! Be at peace!CPD Family
. @VP @GCSOFlorida Attacks on our black youth must end, too, but apparently, at least according to the right, black lives don't matter. While we're at it, let's also stop attacks on the LGBTQA community, women, all people of color, and those who don't believe like you do.
Does ignoring Puerto Rico constitue an attack on America, and American ideals? The ENTIRE TERRITORY is failing, from a lack of support from the federal government!
If the Government was Really concerned about the Drug problem it would Prosecute and Imprison the Bankers who Launder Drug Money, the same way it Prosecuted and Imprisons the Dealers & users. The Bullshit Fines Imposed are little more than a "Tax" on the Profits made... It's BS.
We need to support a walk out for our Police and demand that thugs should be disarmed and reenstate the death penalty for cop killers. They shouldn't have any rights!!
. @scfahey @VP @GCSOFlorida You should go out gathering those guns immediately! Tell them they shouldn't have them and just snatched them away.
ATTACKS ON OUR SCHOOLCHILDREN MUST END but you keep allowing assault weapons all over the country. You.
REMEMBER 9/11: A Government that Murders 3000 of it's own Citizens has No Right to make Laws for ANYBODY!
BULLSHIT. Most of the Laws they Enforce are just designed to Extort us & keep us Subjugated to a Corrupt System that has been Hijacked by Zionists & Traitors. The Whole Govt. Needs to be Torn Down. The US Govt., & it's Saudi and Israeli friends, murdered 3000 Americans, on 9/11.
Tell @realDonaldTrump to stop attacking them!
May the Good Lord comfort the Families of the Deputies, There is healing in the Name of JESUS !
#45 attacks them every day and you sit and let him! Disgusting
I'm sure it's only a coincidence that Obama's anti-police rhetoric coincided with the largest upswing in violence against the police in decades!!?
START WITH YOUR ADMINISTRATION - INCORPORATE YOUR NONSENSE BS WITH YOUR liddl' president. How disingenuous!
I live in Florida and we have more speed traps then most states. In my part of Florida the police are working hard to mend some of the bad reputation they accumulated so far I give them kudos. Proud of them!
Was this meant for POTUS. It appears that you may have forgotten to include him so I did it for you. @POTUS
New report exposes Mike Pence’s ‘extreme and nefarious’ anti-LGBT agenda
Human Rights Campaign calls Vice President Pence 'one of the greatest threats to equality'
So sad


Law enforcement needs to step in and help vote out the Nazi Trump/Pence Administration that fosters racial hatred.
Its the democrats and liberals who started all the racist bullshit.
Wrong
Hearts, prayers, thoughts aren't good enough!
Then stop the spread of lawlessness from the leftists that seek a political platform and start in SANCTUARY states
Thank OBAMA!  He has blood on his hands!
They were in a restaurant have their lunch break.  This is NOT on any DUTY!!!  Very sad what happened, but it was not in any line of duty.  Stop Lying!!
do more to control guns
Yes I agree, teach people to adjust their sites so they can hit their targets when needed.
Our small communities thank you for your support, Mr. Vice President.
Heartbreaking 
Tell that to trump too.
Attacks on our children must end!
The scum that do these kinds of things need to be removed from society!!! Just my opinion
Kudos to our law enforcement, working in the ER for many years our staff have grown very fond of these men and women, we worked with a lot of Psych patients and we would have to call the police officers for assistance, what a shame to those heartless individuals, put them in jail
What about the suspect. He's a heroe who gave his life for what he believed My prayers go out to his family. I don't pray to satan so there's no prayers for any white or african american police. Who murder Black men & boys with no remorse. & whites jump for joy over their murder
We as a country must restore law and order. Even if it means that disobedience is harshly punished. We also must restore respect. Obama destroyed American safety, trust and community faith.
Your a trailer park uneducated racist idiot.
And you lowered yourself to the level of Junior high school bully. It’s people like you and your mentality that need to be taught that you’re not entitled nor elitist. You deserve nothing unless you worked and earned it. Peace out
Mission accomplished. Lol
So Pence does it make any difference to you ? Still refuse to seek assault weapons banning, like Trump, Rubio, etc?
That’s what happens when @NRA buys off the GOP. #getaclue
Prayers for their families. Enough is enough!  Stand up!!!
Sorry to say but as long as they continue with they SENCELESS killing of innocent ppl there will be forever a war!
Rip brothers
It's shocking to think law enforcement and the military can be out gunned and our government refuses to enforce or create stronger gun control laws!
D I S G U S T I N G!
I disagree. Had there been a decent citizen who was armed. There would have been a chance of survival for the Officers. This is nothing more than police murders to promote the political gun agenda. How many more lives are the liberal agenda going to steal?
Does that include verbal attacks? Attacks that undermine their integrity and authority? If so, I got bad news-you need to walk down the hall and have a discussion with your boss.
Better talk to your friend Trump. He attacks the FBI and the CIA daily along with anyone else he wants to bully. Do your job and stand up to him.
Then go after the DEM party and their divisive, hateful, dangerous rhetoric...  That is EXACTLY what is causing this.  Call out Obama, Holder, BLM, CAIR, etc. on why police are being brutally attacked..
Hey, did you hear about Puerto Rico?
 #HomelandSecurity "I noticed a comment in the US presidential campaign @realDonaldTrump re: the police and @DoD_IG and the need for money and/or the support for safety measures before HE GOT the job, now." @NEAToday @KCETNews @ourdailybread @WashPostDC @dcexaminer @WashTimes
This looks like "1 unhappy guy." | HEAR MORE ABOUT LIFE CONTINUING AT THE SAME SLOW PACE W/THESE KIND OF BLUNDERS RE: IN-MATES (He musta been cute A LONG TIME AGO WHEN HE WAS CONSIDERED COMPETITIVE: And The Beat Goes On -The Whispers, 1979 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOaxEa5ONJw … 8,304,677 views
@USPS @USOPM @facebookdesign @TwitterMoments @NBCNews @ABC @CBSNews @ABC7News @NewsChannel8 @EquityRes PICTURED: The USPS #USPS @USPSHelp area, or mail room at 1500 Massachusetts Ave NW Washington, DC before it WAS AN ILLUSION and became a reality. https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1896793123666573 …
ABOUT: AN INVITATION TO @wcp #CityPaper
https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1896875623658323 …
 ABOUT THE NEA (National Education Association)
https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1896819166997302 …
This is bad
The failure of your populist propaganda will be apparent this year .
Attacks on our #Veterans must end!
These heros dedicated their lives to  protecting the #Constitution from both foreign & domestic enemies...
Oh, but it's okay for Trump and Congress to attack our FBI and DOJ?  I hate it when any law enforcement officer is wounded or killed, but I also hate it when our democracy is attacked and put in peril.  They're all serving the public and we owe them all our deep  gratitude.
They let kids die despite  their oath to protect and serve. Then  officer Israel calls for gun bans and you think there are no repercussions to trying to take freedom and letting children die?
But I thought gun violence was just one of the costs of freedom? It's simply tragic and unavoidable when one of our children is gunned down in school but now you say it "must stop!". How will it stop?
And attacks on democracy in America must end. #fakechristians #zombieapocalypse #trumpsexpredator
You mean like firing the FBI Director?
USA TERRORIST STATE
I wish no one to be murdered. Black's love their families just like whites & everyone else. But have no sympathy or compassion for killed law enforcement who's very existence came about to capture run away slaves & return them to their slave masters dead or alive.
#BlueWave2018
Liar, liar, pants on fire.

But it's ok if kids get it.
This is a sad time for our nation. My thoughts go out to the family and friends of our fallen law enforcement.  Its not too late to stop putting ourselves above the rest of our fellow citizens and unite. Unite for our familes, friends and our citizens and stop this hate.
#QAnon 

#ComeyMemos

#ThursdayThoughts 

#TrumpTrain 

#DeepState 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
"@realDonaldTrump:  James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?"
Could this be MS-13 related?
When you attack the top federal law enforcement agency (FBI) and members of the DOJ do you think there are not people who see this as attacking law enforcement is OK?
we need better Judges. Put the rats in jail or make it a permanent consequence. We enable these thugs.
"Attacks on our law enforcement must end!" Well, tell your pal Trump to shut up then with his attacks on the FBI.
God Bless their Families at the loss of Loved Ones In Jesus' Name. May God give These Families comfort and rest during their times of grieving. Stay strong in Jesus Name! Amen!
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
Does this include the vicious attacks on the amazing FBI?
Yeah the amazing fbi that dropped the ball when notified about parkland. Too busy on a witch hunt to go after the actual bad guy laid in front of their faces.
The attacks of this administration on law enforcement and the rule of law are setting a dangerous example.  These officers deserve better
Yes!  Tell the potus to stop attacking the FBI 
Stop attacking the FBI, MCCabe, Mueller. Also this :

"Gentlemen, what will you have up your own a**es as Russia continues to attack our democracy?" 
Horrible 
I agree with our Vice President. Thoughts and prayers for the families.
Yet our president verbally attacks law enforcement every day. They are both wrong.
Another sad day. God bless those who serve
right. now.... about the killing of unarmed black males by law enforcement
Did the shooter complete a universal background check prior to legally purchasing the weapon used?

Asking for a friend.
Please talk to @realDonaldTrump about this as he attacks law enforcement almost daily!
your compunction  is a greatfull.
Law enforcement like dogs no different than criminals. Communities are losing respect for them & feel the need to protect their lives from them. Government is foolish to tell people not to protect your life from law enforcement while trying to murder you, but let them murder you.
No disrespect to the Officers but it goes both ways, sir.....
Mr Vice President, this all starts at home. We got to get moral values back in our youth & prayer & discipline back in schools. We have become an I don't want to offend anyone society Instead of doing what is right.
You’re talking about the idiot that you work for, right?
and for less than 36,000 a year.
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump. You do know that the @FBI is law enforcement, don't you?
Your administration attacks the FBI on a daily basis. Does that count too? 
How about some gun control?
Ya know, if we just gave guns to our cops this sort of thing wouldn’t happen.
How about starting with some sort of common sense gun control
I agree!
NHS is standing up to gun violence
Absolutely agree, but when is the last time you tweeted about an unarmed man or women being killed by a police officer? Your selective outrage is showing.

Do attacks on FBI by the @potus include attacks on law enforcement? Attacks by Rs on FBI? Should killing of black men by cops stop?
Omg...yes it has to stop,,things like this makes my heart feel heavy..also my heart goes out to the family 
Great observation, Mr Vice President! Now, if you could just persuade your leader that is the case, it would be great!
What about gun violence violence. Killings in school, killings at Church's and public places. Then you have cops killing black men for no or the wrong reasons. I guess you don't want to address this anymore. Like Puerto Rico. Hoping people will forget.
When the 'good' cops step up and remove the 'bad' cops from within their ranks, things will get better. Many good ones have died because of bad ones.
None of this ends well for you. I can see that.
JUST IN: Federal court strikes down Indiana abortion law signed by Pence as unconstitutional http://hill.cm/1AD6Tli  
Perhaps there are too  many guns out there and we should do something about that
attacks on law enforcement? you mean like all the shit against the FBI and DOJ from @realDonaldTrump and the rest of the @GOP? you're the worst.
Attacks on law enforcement ... are you referring to the almost daily attacks by Trump and has administration against the FBI? You do realize they are law enforcement too right ?
Hoping that you are including the President’s attacks on the FBI and DOJ.
@VP does this include the DOJ and FBI??

Once they respect the people they police
So sad . Thanks for the sacrifices made everyday by our first responders! God be with you all!!
So why does your administration consistently attack the FBI (law enforcement).   That needs to stop.
LOVE must be Taught! Just image a world full of Love for one anther as Law Enforcement. Christ did & so should we. Culture & society would experience security, safety & Peace w/the Love of GOD being Taught & Demonstrated by each of us to one another. Praise GOD for those who OBEY
Your boss is guilty every day at least once
