trumps tax return? Where is it? Hiding money laundering. SHAME
It would be nice to know if someone is going to do something about the kidnappers and fraud complaints filed with the F.B.I under James Comey. Is this a cover-up with the F.B.I? lee spivey. Is it because a black has no rights?
Well, for the rich anyway!
The rich employ us so the richer they get the better we are able to get by.
Vice President Pence, please join us in praying for California. Our California Assembly has past a bill that bans bible teaching for gender confused. What's next the BIBLE! Thank you!

I hope so. Cause this was the first time I have EVER had to pay taxes... can't say I enjoyed it!
Follow this link to my song called Treason in the Rose Garden https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1599009023472131&id=206609649378749 …
Resign
I know that building a wall is a top priority for POTUS! Is it a top priority for you?
Yes they are for the rich and powerful corporation.  Not the working class people in. We are coming back stronger than you know. Your attack on America will be your last
Good luck with that!!
Too bad I’m not rich, so those tax cuts would work for me.
Tax season day his just  about  north Korea  funny 
Democratic  funny 
All just  north Korea  did trump his sister  sexism
Delusional.  Have you read the IRS statement about the new tax changes and how the POOR will pay more.  you are only for the rich and your Republican supporters who will be fucked too with your tax changes.
For thee, @VP Qtip, not me.
Follow this link to my song called Treason in the Rose Garden https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1599009023472131&id=206609649378749 …
Did u get tRump to do his?
Uh, that’s a bunch of crap according to all economists.
Flooding  5 state  waiting  funding  Mr 
Hurricane season  come  you  must  spending  
You get  drunk  soon
PRAISE GOD.
Say again...
You are not paying any taxes are you?
Thank you @VP You all have done a fabulous job <3
We will now have to pay more taxes under trumps FAILED TAX refund FIASCO!
The pittance you allowed for us sunsets, but you rich dudes get to keep your huge cuts.  Don’t pretend to care about us, it’s smoke & mirrors.
Hahahahahahahaha
Well glad your happy because My 80 year old Widowed Mother received less than ever before. Tax cuts for the top wealthiest is wrong leaving the neediest paying for it. You know that as a Christian, your supposed to help the unfortunate not hurt them,  thats what YOUVE done failed
Vp  you  health care  tax  codes  mixed  up  a whole united States  middle school and high school  and college  extremely  bill  13 day left  you really  feel  no money  jam  if don't  shut down   add up  3 t  on  tablet
Hard working Americans will suffer. Wealthy will prosper. I make a lot & will get a cut. I will donate substantially to PP in your name.
Well this sucks because Oregon is One of the Worst ST., for taxes! Thanks in part to a money hungry ogre! Name Kate Brown she needs to go!! She has Ruined OR. And we owe taxes! Can't afford this Bill! From the past hauntings. Thanks obamalama! So glad he is gone

Thank you @SpeakerRyan and @SenateGOP for a more sensible tax code! It's truly a shame that @SpeakerRyan has decided to give up his seat because we sure could use his rational approach to policy right now. Of course he must do what he thinks is right.
Yeah, just take all of the money from the middle class and give it to the already super wealthy. THAT is the new tax plan.
Shut up.
I am very pleased just like a lot of others will be.
yes.
Thank goodness.
Thank You Donald Trump!
Need to eliminate the waste going to political machines that are running the NATION.  Simplify further.  Still too convoluted
Dildo!
You want to do something good for people? Repeal OBAMACARE the premiums are killing people
Good morning Mr. @VP I want to pay tax but I'm not an American :)
We can only hope we make under 25000 a year and almost had to pay back tax wth
As a politician, Pence is not even a good liar!
#GOPTaxScam
STOP - WE the PEOPLE  all know yours & Trump’s TAX SCAM will be the destruction of the 98% as we are forced to pay for the corporate welfare & 1%ers perm tax cuts.
I see why you’re smiling, having selectively enacted double-taxation in many blue states while doling out the largest corporate tax cut ever.
DEM'S Now trying to put a Democrat Senator against Ted Cruz! Texas must stay a red state cause that would nutralize Senator Cornyn's voting in the Senate. The RNC must step up to back Ted Cruz or lose Texas in the long run!
ESAD, Any tax break is already sucked up by gasoline. Can;t wait for your ouster.
You are full of shit!!
Thank God!!

DNA??
I really like that we have a competent steady leader w/ real power in our VP.Been a long time for either party. I think it shows Trump isn't scared of his VP & wants 16 year legacy for We The People. Please pick a great VP when you are Pres. & maybe we can get a 6 term hat trick!

Billionaire Kochs boast about control over the Trump administration.

How despicable.

…
Here are the tax system clowns now.
The rich love this tax law.
Well, this middle class retiree couple's taxes SOARED under your stupid TAX CUT FOR THE RICH!  $1.9 TRILLION of debt to shovel taxpayer money to corporations and the very wealthy--which our children and grandchildren will have to pay. SHAME!
So you gonna make your bo$$ release his taxes?
@WhiteHouse Actually most Americans are being hurt by #GOPTaxScam Our country will never get out from under this debt

Tax Day was this week – and I’m pleased to say that ALL Americans
must show Tax Transparency save President Trump and that extra-maritial entertaining will be a deductible expense under the Trump-Stormy reform.
What about the DEFICIT? Who is going to pay for that? Also, are you taking about the tax cuts for the rich? The cuts that created the huge DEFICIT in the first place? The Banana Republicans and their lies.@gop
@cnn Don’t forget crippling/devastating/deficits,import/export imbalance, stock market crash/recession,etc. Watch that space,as POTUS 45 & rest of those touting tax cuts (4Wealthy) will eat their words! Majority seeing no tax relief?! Wealthy getting richer!Companies/CEOs richer!
I don't know I had to pay back 1800 Federal and 900 state
Yeah, for the rich!!
Please!
Yes Sir

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
Well I would rather pay into the old system then to let you rich people have such a big tax break for the rest of your lives because we will only get a small tax break for 5 or 7 years
Is @HillaryClinton a Devil:
Who are you? What do you do?
Fake news Fake news Ur Russian doll
Give it a rest already! Nothing and I do mean nothing has been proven against the Trump Administration. This is America and you are innocent until proven guilty. Melt elsewhere!
95% of my friends’ tax accountants told them to expect to pay a lot more next year. Explain that Pence!
Que bênção Deus o ajude sempre.

Bullshit artist
Temporary for middle class who have already spent savings on rising prices
#FakeChristian worst administration ever! Well unless you’re in the 1% club
Maybe you should tell @POTUS to release his tax returns like he promised!
What will the tax cuts be doing to our national debt and deficit? And aren't the middle class tax cuts temporary but for some reason the ones for the 1% are permanent? Why is that?
No thanks to you. You socialist Democrat.!

You're not tweeting about your Unconstitutional Abbortion bill, being struck down, Why not? Don't hold your breath for The big boy seat. You've already broken the Constitution once. No one will permit you to touch the rest of it, when Donald gets booted. You'll be sent away too!
Thank you sir!  You and the president are doing fine jobs!
There, that’s better: "Tax Day was this week – and I’m pleased to say that was the last time [the super wealthy and corporations will] have to pay taxes under the old, broken system – because tax simplification and TAX CUTS [for the super wealthy and corp's] are on the way."
Mike, how are the deficit financed tax cuts being paid for? Inflation, more expensive health care, oh, a growing economy! Right. Wait, isn’t a pour economy mature? Where is the magical growth coming from, nincompoop! “Believe me!”
So is a massive deficit followed by a plummeting stock market. History repeats itself if you pay attention.
Wow. Nobody buys this at all. Magic beans
V12 you tore the rim down
Can we see your taxes and Mr. Trump’s to
Liar. You didn't simplify anything. You just cut taxes for rich people, and threw the rest a bone. You should be ashamed. When you put your hands together on Sunday, remember.
The American tax reform was one way to rob the country.
نمیشه مسئول باشی ولی مسئولیت پذیر نباشی . رهبر باشی ولی بگی کشش ندهید و #آقازاده_ها_و_مفسدان_و_خائنین به #ملت آزاد و رها باشند ! ملکه هلند باشی و بگی از بازرگان و #سلاح_شیمیائی بی خبری ! صدر اعظم آلمان باشی بگی از جریان تکه تکه شدن فرخزاد خبر نداری !
#KINGVALA
Do not be hipocrit. When you lie your face and nose are long. You are not as religious as you claim to be. Amen!!!

Sending our country into debt! We will have to borrow $ from China!

Just love how all the Repubs lie and say anything. They think that everyone must be dumb. Can't wait to see the postcard size filing. Or the huge $4,000 saving we are all to see.
After 8 years the billion dollar companies tax cuts become permanent, and the rest of us Americans our tax cuts expire, and we are going to have to start paying back the 1.3 trillion debt that this tax cut has burdened us with by paying higher taxes. THANKS.
What is scary is this homophobic nut is 2nd in command. He will round up the gay community into prison camps, and the bible belt will be able to go on a flesh binge and claim religion. All is forgiven. Has to be the scariest combo in the history of the world!
Republicans Can't Sell Their Tax Bill, Maybe Because It Sucks
How about we switch to a free file system since y’all already have all of our information?
And for me as a veteran, things get worse.  When are we going to start winning?
Aleluyaaa..
@WhiteHouse 
@realDonaldTrump 
@FoxNews 
What are you saying, Mike? It will be easier for P45 to release his tax returns next year.
You mean tax scam?
Psalms 82: 3-4;  Defend the cause of the weak and fatherless; maintain the rights of the poor and oppressed. Rescue the weak and needy, deliver them from the hand of the wicked.
Pences Billionaire's First Tax Scam Great for the Greedy Richman Only!!
LIAR! There was no simplification- you failed at reform. Just giant windfall for corps and wealthy, while middle class & future generations stuck with huge deficit and our insurance premiums escalate faster than our teeny tax cuts can offset.
You mean you're not done yet?  What are you going to make us do for the rich people next?
#BlueWave2018 I’m with Nancy P on this one. I want a smaller paycheck.

Yeah,right SHITHOLE tax scam.
Lower taxes means more money for funerals after mass shootings. Brilliant idea, NRAGOP.
Let’s talk in January when you bastards send out your ransome note.
Tax cuts for the ones who are barely scraping by or for your rich buddies?
Gosh!!  Gee!!  It sounds like we won’t have to pay any taxes under the “new” tax cut laws. Can this be true?  Wow!  Manna from Heaven. You guys are great. I hope you stay in control forever.
Excellent.
Resign
Yes, tax cuts for the rich, but no rax reforms for over 95% of @Americans.  How dumb do you think we are?
Go all the way and eliminate the progressive tax code and pass The Fair Tax
Not for regular Americans you disrespected asshat.
great news!
Are you trying to do a coup against this prez, Mike, along with Nikki Haley?  Alex Jones said you were.  Maybe he's right.  You're such a dang neocon globalist!  Trump needs to STOP listening to right wing NUT John Bolton and right wing NUT Mike Pompeo.
Ya for the rich
@VP can you explain to me how the new tax provisions with the acronyms GILTI and BEAT simplify the tax code?
All you have to do is go along with a lie about an evil dictator & chemical weapons , & we can make @LockheedMartin a lot of money , in return we will return a few shekels in your wages  #maga , we can call ourselves good Christians when syria runs with innocent blood
When is #45 gonna pay taxes??? Ijs
This is called as government @narendramodi learn from them

N Korea says it will shut down its nuke program and meet with Pres Trump. Who is most responsible for this sudden change? #tcot #P2
whatever douch, also will we be seeing @potus45 taxe? we would like to make sure there is no money laundering going on.

@MorawieckiM proszę zobaczyć- tak wygląda rozmowa z narodem na temat podatków. I zaznaczam ze nawet "cuts" nie są tak ważne jak "simplification". Czas na 
#RadykalnaZmiana
#Ruch11Listopada
. @VP Stop already, or do you get paid by the tweet? The tax cuts are a disaster. You know it. You all know it. You just want the honeymoon period so you can claim victory.
Love it !
Liar
Short-term tax cuts inflated the deficit in an attempt to buy votes for the November 2018 election. The long-term tax cuts went to the wealthy and to corporations who largely used it to buy back stock. Some got a bonus, but bonuses are TEMPORARY. It did not go to pay rises.

Well, we are losing money, but you are not.
When will I see the benefit in my paycheck?
Tax break for whom? Not for me, or anyone in my tax bracket, not for those in my community that make less than $100k... Which is just about everyone. So who is this tax break for, exactly?
Blah, blah, blah...hope you enjoy your tax break.
   
Sit down and shut up
You are so full of s—-!
What tax cuts? Mine are going up next year because I’m middle class? I feel like congress forgot to mention the middle class... I know corporations are happy they no longer need to pay taxes
No cuts for us.  Increase because of high earnings from soc security and and small pension.  Thanks but no thanks will vote demo next time.
@WhiteHouse Where are @realDonaldTrump's tax returns?
He did not get any returns but paid in way more than you did. Find something better to do with your time and start sharing positive things you would do to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
I'll believe it when i see it!
Since the Income Tax Program is a voluntary one it is easy enough to eliminate the burden by opting out with noncompliance.  Proud non-taxpayer since 2007!

Snake oil salesman. Oh and don't forget that you're paying more taxes and the rich and the corporations are paying little to no taxes. Oh and the trickle down theory has never worked on and
Complicit!
Ya for you
I’m guessing it’s probably the last time I won’t be paying through the nose.
WHERE ARE TRUMPS TAX RETURBS?
When those are made available, come talk about the tax cut for corporations.
More money for Donors and the rich.
Same old tweet from GOP  about tax day. Cuts for people who don’t need it. Cuts revenue for General Budget so next will come the GREAT plan to cut essential programs people depend upon for survival. Such compassion & concern for citizens.


Not mine clown.
HALLELUJAH
But my accountant tells me my taxes will go up next year.  The exact word used was "screwed". #taxes #fraud

Full story by @kensweet: https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0/Big-banks-saved-$3.6B-in-taxes-last-quarter-under-new-law …
.... says a dude who needs a blunt ...
Sue hope you are right about tax reform coming our way.    Is there something special about all of us on Social Security.    Why do we have to pay taxes on that, anyway?
