
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/158903014806082 …
Can you ask him if he has any advice on dealing with a lunatic?  Figure he's done a lot of research on Hitler.  Could come in handy.
Merkel thinks we are a joke thanks to all of you.
Germans think she is a joke.
OLAF HOW DO YOU FEEL WORKING WITH MERKEL? ARE YOU THE SAME? IS GERMANY NOT IMPORTANT?  JIHADIST MUSLIMS ALL OVER GERMANY! YOU THINK IS RIGHT
Seems he is fine with that.
@GermanyinUSA @WhiteHouse Mike - these so called " German " govt officials are nothing but traitors to Germany & it's people !
Merkel ruined her own country allowing all those illegal aliens in. It's not even safe to walk the streets. Maybe you can get her and the governor of California together they'd be great Pals.
#NATO spending BS alert. It's WAR, WAR, WAR!!!

Mike Pence ist so ein sympathischer liebenswerter Mensch. 
Let any classified info out, Mike Dense?

Oh, wait,  Russia wasnt there.
Merkel is the worst dont let her in the USA. She has destroyed Germany soon there will be no more germans in Germany
We're doing fine, thanks.
No tweets yes you are real
Take a walk in your no go zones 
Maybe you are muslim so you can go there
ZOMBIE
Germany thinks the Trump administration is full of racist, sexist obtuse people.   Germany is laughing at you
Kindly answer us


#NoticeCalc with Intellectual Property Theft also???
Yea yea these are all good meetings. Fact is they think you are plonkers that have to be put up with for a few years.

No honor!
How about a high five for Puerto Rico? 5 mil would be a good start. Your priorities are just a bit off...
#QAnon

#DeepState 

#WednesdayWisdom 

#TheRainMakers 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
Is the Mueller probe legitimate or a hoax?
Merkel will crush “$65k an inch” Donny.
I HATE PENCE AS MUCH AS I HATE TRUMP
#crybaby
thank you for being such a great and wonderful vice president


Merkel is a main sponsor of Putin's wars, stop buying Putin's oil/gas
you & your boss: too cowardly to attend the funeral of former First Lady, Barbara Bush
Did you also talk about the #MuellerInvestigation ?  

You’re just as guilty. You and Donnie will get along just fine in the same cell.
hello
Pence worse than trump...
one word for akl of you Thieves and Liars!!
Wow you Tweet a lot must be hard job to tweet that much
Looks like Pence has taken 45 handshaking tips - pull that arm back toward you and stare them down. This entire administration is a joke and embarrassment to the rest of the world! #BlueWaveComing2018
Make them pay for everything plus 20% over
#PenceKnew #ResignNow
So where were they at last week when we and allies bombed Syria??
And I'm proud of you Mr. Vice President. I will be voting for you as president in 2024! 
I'd like to go to the white house
And they just laugh and laugh at this administration 


No offense V.P., but 
Kinda lost track of ya'. Where ya'been? Hope all's going well.


Pence, the ONLY worry about #RobertMueller investigation is that you could become POTUS...then bigotry, xenophobia, racism and homophobia would be even worse (hard to imagine)....#PenceKnew
Just the hell with the UN
You have several nice red ties, Mike.
Were any of them, by chance, gifts
  from your #Russian masters?

#PenceKnew #RussianTool
To bad we can’t stop Trump from visiting other countries until he is removed from office

Look Mike Pence does that obnoxious pull your hand when he shakes hands thing.
This VP is always with the same tweets ... Good meeting .. Professional Ass Kisser his wife has more personality than he does .. What was he before this again
Are you sure it wasn't the Russians?
The *Anchor* @POTUS Sure & Steady as We-Go
GOD BLESS YOU AND ALL WHO STAND WITH FOR #AMERICAFIRST AND AGAINST THE PURE EVIL IN AMERICA AMONG US

You must be born again to enter the kingdom of heaven..Repent n Call on Jesus for eternal life you can receive the Holy Spirit into your soul & know truth and Jesus and be saved from your sins and eternal Hell, Jesus is peace and joy that never runs dry.
They have allowed an Islamic invasion.
What with sanctions against Putin?
Fake Christian!!!
Keep making America strong again Mr. VP... I look forward to voting for you as POTUS in 2024 When the President finishes his 8 years in office.
Pence your not a good lier and can you here that is the mueller train coming!!!
You are an embarrassment to this nation. Resign!
You should of  left with him back to Germany
You take Scholz and Merkel and we take Trump.
Sexual assault is a felony and adultery is a sin Mike. Just another reminder for you.


I’m sure he’s thrilled to see us picking up the nazi mantle


Good work
Jobs
Homophobe
Mother says we need #GunReform now
