Too bad there's not a way we could keep Americans safe from mass shootings....

Thank you Trump but kinda late for me I already lost my daughter over this but she had help with over does and got away with it
@POTUS @FLOTUS Don't Punish Veterans & Chronic Pain Patients we are Not Drug Addicts we are Sick & Suffering! Drug OD'S from Illegal Heroin & Fentanyl  Due To #OPIOIDHYSTERIA Stop Bigotry Against Chronic Pain Patients
Use this fall to clean out the Senate.

We're at a 180, Firestone (fire started) 250 million yrs ago, is blowing-up randomly evidently from gas leaks.
Say what what, 
AKA Jericho, AKA asteroidal  strikes ( comet ison) really, now flames; I was at da port hole of Atlsntis again.
Powerful?????? who is listening.....39% I guess....
We have an awesome president
Can he at least TRY to sound sincere?
Give them all to lunatic Trump!!! He will need a different supplier now that Ronny Jackson is gone

We should use it clean out the White House of all the filth that is in there.
President (apt-action) is elect to help/serve people, presbyter (apocalypse) is elect to hear-say prophesy that 2-yrs is within margin of error for 4th-world (bedhop-gangrap) to be destroyed (Rev-6:8, not by but due to "America-First") unto Elio-Cause (lest big-tailpipe v11:18)??
I hate you
Woah. Triggered?
No just having fun.   Pussygrabber much...lol
Get a life.
Got an awesome one...but thanks
Do we send them to dr Ronny?
No. Just throw them in the trash. 

That way you know that they'll be sure to make it to the White House.
Happy that Congress is drafting Articles of Impeachment against Rosenstein.  He has been an obstructionist and has disregarded House subpoena's.  the FBI is NOT above the law.  Congress has oversight!  Where is Session?  Who is running the FBI:  Sessions or Rosenstein?

#Trump2020 #Trump2020LandSlide 
My home doesn't contribute to abuse and addiction like your doctor does.  #corrupt #coludes, #WorstPresidentEver
What about a disposal site for guns?
When Trump’s opioid commission released its comprehensive report on how to address the issue, it virtually ignored the progressive, effective programs crafted in the tiny little state of Vermont.
Great job mr president ...you are soo right...i lost a good friend to phetenol patches that were to easy to get to and got a call one morning telling me he passed away during the night ...sad day.
Lets clean out the WH first. It stinks in there.
Can I help clean out the White House? Poison abounds...
Kids need to be taught early whats right or wrong since parents cannot and should not protect them forever.
“Medicine” is the key word there.  you seem to clean out your Cabinet on a regular basis.
You should take them. Don't forget to take the ones that Ronny gave you.
Great Ideas from Great people! Keep on MAGA
Let’s clean out this corrupt White House...money grabbing Cabinet! History will record all of your crimes and the destruction of all that we could take pride in. - an American Veteran
Tell Jackson to dump out his first
My friends so you know I'm grateful for you all Shawn I'm 51 yrs old drug and disease free as always thank you
Thank God for President Trump
You’re the Best. God bless Your family.
Couldn’t we use this Saturday to clean out the white  house instead?
Trump... you've gotta stop this insane drug war! Stop reading teleprompters. Drain the swamp and give us American Freedom back!
Can we throw away @POTUS and @bigleaguepol ?
I love watching this moron’s mouth while attempting to “tele-prompt.” So entertaining!
Can we send all of our expired meds to @POTUS? He might have a better use for them.
We can start with the presidential cabinet, the Secretaries of EPA, Agriculture, Commerce, Defense, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Homeland Security, Housing and Urban Development, Interior, Labor, State, Transportation, Treasury, and Veterans Affairs
. @WhiteHouse There you have it. The cure for prescription drug abuse. Speaking of which, I heard you all had a bit of a revolving door at the WH medical department and dispensary. It's being investigated, though, right?
Can we take this Saturday to clean out the WH and all of the corrupt cabinet members and getting rid of those appointed by practicing nepotism. Bad, bad Tfrump! Go away, stay away!
Fire Jeff
There's no Wall
Maybe someone should give Chumptard better meds for his insanity
I find Trump tough to watch, doesn't everyone except his zombie fans?
Did that since last week!
Who’s the idiot that is giving the weekly speech
Can we ckean out the WH too?  Some crap in there needs to go.
I'd do that for free.
Drug #addiction is a health care issue. Addicts need doctors not jailers. We need a #singlepayer health care system that treats addiction.
Negative. That would bankrupt your already  bankrupt country twice over. Chinese will sell your children's children as slaves.
If Drumpf was truly concerned about this he would cut the head off the snake and go after the corrupt pharmaceutical industry and doctors who over prescribe. Don’t ask people to turn in meds they can’t afford to replace because he’s cut their medical coverage!! GTFOOHFFS!
And send it to the white trash in the White House. #grifters
Yes please send to England
What have you done about Flynt, Detroit or Chicago? Nothing. All you do is flap your lips to make pathetic noises.
Where is personal responsibility Republicans? I never had a pill jump into my mouth.
How does it feel being a puppet to #oligarchs controlling you, the US, essentially stealing from US tax payers violating US/ international law abetting murder, Crimes Against Humanity with my tax dollars? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
You aware "Israel" murders children for sport? Ref @ChrisLynnHedges. Despite your claim; murdering children for sport is not one of my values.  Stop abetting murdering children for sport w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI Stop being a criminal. Why are you violating 22 U.S. Code § 2378d the Symington Amendment & international law for "Israel?" Stop abetting war crimes/crimes against humanity wi/my tax dollars. Please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
RAPIST

And don't forget tonights session, um, I mean... Rally! While everyone else is at the White House Correspondence Dinner, your so called "president" will be stroking his fragile ego in MI in front of his 30% base..  Don't miss it!
Your looking young mr potus,,,, keep up the great work your a miracle for the United States  much luv!
That’s a great idea!
Who wrote that for you? Clearly, these are not your usual fourth grade level words.   What about MONEY for treatment, syringe exchange, naloxone!?  More empty words from an empty unqualified shell with no real life experience. #liarinchief #nrawhore #serialsexualpredator
I wonder if he’s cleaning out his cabinet!
"Have a good day, remembering all the times we had together" -'Just Janice' @Midnight_In_DC, Daughter of Charles Sylvester Green Sr. https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1905199062825979 …
Take back tax cuts for pharmaceutical companies who manufacture opioids.
Someone needs to put meds IN Donald Trump's cabinet.
Or how about a reimbursement type program.. for your unused or expired meds? Let's have pharmaceutical companies chip in.
Like the White House? Clean out your Cabinet.
no one cares what a liar says 
he is going to jail
I don't have those. "I got evidence" when,  IF & just in case @OIGatHHS is ready to talk about approved needs @ATT interruptions @FCC re: market strategies, customer svc. surveys & HOT! LIVE! GIRLS @WhiteHouse on phone service lines w/apps reaching to China @KimJungUnReal
Send all unused controlled substances to Dr. Jackson aka the Candy Man for redistribution among @WhiteHouse staff.
Love you Mr. President yet I don’t think that most people have Fentanyl patches laying around and the amount of pills out there indicates doctors and big pharma is involved. Not individual people as the numbers show. God bless sir!
Maybe just maybe he’s suggesting it’s time to clear out the blue pills #QAnon #WWG1WGA
And so ends his work on that subject.  Always looking for the next soundbite and round of applause aren't ya buddy.  What a waste.
How much does the candy man have to throw out today.
Ronny Jackson be like
We should do that with the White House. Get rid of that walking orange quaalude.
" many people". Need to heed their WH occupant suggestion ..,
No
#TakeBackDay
Like my guns, I keep mine in a safe.

I hope you sent this to Doc Johnson
I heard Dr. Ronny Jackson was leading this effort!!!
So there's no need for #GunControl then, as long as we take back a few Aspirin?

You forgot to say don't flush them down the toilet to poison fish.
Could I take my dirty #EyeDrops #EyeDrugs #EyePrescriptions #EyesRx
^ Internal memo released telling staffers to get rid of controlled drugs #RonnyJackson provided them during one of his drunken rages.
Okay, are the removal sites located near attorneys willing to file class actions against Purdue Pharma for misleading the public about oxycontin? If you're a reader, here's some info about that.
Your friend work the drug company. You both partner smell money!!!!! Drug addiction is you and your partner company is illegal advertising!!,

https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/160200784676305 …
You got a God given plate that can replace so many harmful drugs but have you done that . Let alone stronger building Materials faster turn over and it’s a pulse for the plant . So miss me with that shit !
Dear #illegitimatepresident, It's time to dump your Adderall
We need them to put up with you 
he Nobel Peace Prize 2018 Winners  Greatest President Donald Trump ~ North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in !
You want them? Just in case you run out.
Hello hello 
Contact us for the best quality state registered documents (passports, drivers license, id cards, visas etc).
We engage in the production of documents in real time

Call/text/whatsapp: (+1 980 272 8739)
Should we just send them to Ronny Jackson so he can hand them out to White House staff?
That’s rich.
Yup donnie trump, time to throw out all that adderall and percoset your fluzzy dr gave you. But i realise you need those to keep from killing youself.
Such a nonsense tweet
One minute praising a Dr who ?May or may not be giving out schedule 4-5 drugs out like candy, next pleading for old drugs to be discarded properly.
What about the VA? Desert Storm 91 veterans are getting sicker by the day. Chronic pain, kidney disease, Parkinson’s, cysts, skin lesions, neuropathy, IBS & Still our claims r being denied and good people are becoming homeless due to the government’s recklessness
https://www.change.org/p/we-want-to-see-trump-s-tax-returns …
Why, is Ronny Jackson running low on meds?
Here, I had kicked all my addictions to opioids. All my prescription narcotics had stacked-up in medicine cabinets just waiting to be dropped-off, safely out of reach and temptation, and then you got elected. Now I have nothing but empty little bottles but thankfully a numb brain
How am I supporting an addiction problem if the pills look disgusting and are covered in cat hair? I’m confused on how this is an issue.
Send them to trump. He can sell them for give profits.
Crazy doctor
... and the guns!
Not; we have troops ...wow, take back pill day, big difference!!
Make America Drug free!
Thank you
If you would have legalized marijuana sooner we wouldn't have an opioid addiction crisis.
It's awesome that you send the message after months of government deterrence and doctors pulling back prescriptions of opiates. You're a day late and a dollar
Don't take them to a pharmacy!!
I’ll take all of your good pills.  You can chuck the rest.  Just say no to wasting fine pharmaceuticals!
Check Dr Ronny’s pockets
Thank you to The White House for sharing. I like this idea... #TakeBackDay
#Thankyouforyourservicebydavidwilcox

DAY 3520 of the Conservatorship of Fannie and Freddie- The Largest Gov't theft of all-time continues @MarkCalabria @stevenmnuchin1 @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump @nick_ayers @mercedesschlapp @EliHMiller @vp @johnnydestefano @hogangidley45 @Scavino45 …
Hey you know great idea! I give credit where credit is due.
What is candyman giving you?  You are delusional.
Don't throw down the toilet,find a safe site. Recycle bottles & put pills in used coffee grounds.Water system polluted with drugs,even recycled water is laden with drugs!Don't drink recycled water from plastic,you are drinking trash.
Save the Planet another reasons I HATE starbucks just look at their Trash Cans. Thousands of cups wasted daily no recycle bins for cups. Haven't used a paper cups in 5 years. Just say no save the planet 1 cup at a time.
8th percent tomorrow
Might want to take the same approach to your guns.
Kind and Compassionate President.
Good idea !!
Clean up the WH mess spending like by Pruitt who needs to go
Really? The real problem is junkies shopping drs for extra pain meds and poor ppl selling their meds for whatever they can get
Can we clean out the cabinets in the White House and get rid of everybody especially trump
I have no pills in my medicine cabinet. I have band-aids and hydrogen-peroxide.
I just lost my nephew to what they think was fentynal. 12 years ago I lost my son to a methadone pill. So glad you are fighting this horror of pills. I am broken-hearted. I just read OD deaths are up 70% in some places.
No thanks. I keep them all. At the rate it's going with this pseudo opioid epidemic, won't be allowed pain management meds.
What we need to “clean out” is the “addiction” to the Repugnicans and @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #BlueWaveComing
Don’t forget to have the candy man dothe same, fake doctor
You too!
Too little too late
Clean out your swamp first and then I’ll think about it. Until then I need my meds in order to deal with your daily BS. #LiarInChief #TickTock #TimesUp
Why can't he look at both cameras.... ?   How dumb is he. ?
More SHOUTING ...
Maybe #Candyman #RonnyJackson should use the #TakeBackDay opportunity to purge his stockpiles of #Ambien #Provigil & #Oxycodone.  All have a high potential for abuse & misuse and are controlled substance Rx’s
Pain pills are not the root of the opiate crisis. Illegal fentanyl and heroin are. Please stop the war on pain patients! You're being lied to, Mr. President. And sick people are literally being killed by this misguided focus.
Right. Cause THATS the MAIN contributor to the opioid epidemic. I'm looking at you Ronny Jackson aka Candyman aka Dr. Feelgood
AMEN!!!🕇
That will take care of the problem.
You can always give them to #RonnyJackson
Melania should have done that before he went on Fox.
Witty.
Wait trump can read?

