
Liberals have no opinion here

THE EYE HAS IT!
Smoky eye...

Maybe the wall will keep the fire out!! 
THANK YOU to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and to @VP and their administration and to all first responders! PRAYERS for all people in danger! 

And to all those here who are using others' distress for their bad and stupid jokes or hate messages: You should be ashamed!!!
A m e n!
Mother says we need #GunReformNow
Let’s try and FOCUS on the danger PEOPLE are in with this fire ... instead of continuous rhetoric you continue to spew
Join the NRA at http://nra.org  for only $40 a year. Save the 2nd Amendment from the liberal socialist democrats that want to take your means to self preservation. #StandAndFight #NRA
Darn right.  Join, post and retweet #nra #jointhenra http://www.nra.org/100kchallenge 
Prayers for Arizonians

It's a shame that we fighting illegal entry and fires at the same time..

Prayers for Arizona..
Many people are saying Trump is an overpoweringly jambled Euro-federalist
Many are Praying for the first responders and all individuals affected by this fire 
Why do you support convicted felons?
Thank You VP
You are going to prison Mike.  You lie way too much.
How much do you know about
#TrumpRussia and all the rest?

Breaking: President Trump dictated 2015 letter his doctor wrote declaring him the “healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency” says letter’s author Dr. Harold Bornstein. “He dictated that whole letter. I didn't write that letter," Bornstein told CNN’s @MarquardtA


You're screaming like Baghdad Bob! The investigation is closing in and your surreal, insane denials are fucking hilarious!…


majority, then from the persons having the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as President, the House of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, the President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken by states,
Phony and insincere
Wonderful
Honoring someone convicted of criminal contempt of court and calling him a “champion of the rule of law”?   You are beyond clueless.
.@VP @dougducey You're helping out the fire out? Hey, maybe trump's Russian hookers can go piss on it!
The REAL fire is in the White House where the constitution and the rule of law is in the trash, burning a little more every day.
Some of the people fighting the fire are probably trans, You're praising trans.
A VP endorsing a criminal is appealing.  It seems like Pence is willing to give into money and power instead of actually standing for ethical position. As indicated before Pence is truly a puppet and hope he is also voted out of politics soon or at least be 2020.
Thank you sir AZ is grateful and loves POTUS!

Depressing. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
Hope you put the same resources and enthusiasm you put into Puerto Rico. 

Sick
Trump said NOTHING about the California wildfires. NOT ONE WORD.
Love those "small government" Red States that scream for help from the Federal Government at a moments notice.....not so independent or self-sufficient after all!
Anything to do with global warming and, you know, scary stuff like science, Mike?
Maybe they can douse the flames coming from your pants.
What about Puerto Rico? They are American citizens & have been abandoned by the Trump administration.
#RedForEd  mission is to get the AZ governor @dougducey out of office.  AZ Has as governor that is a patriot
What about helping Puerto Rico? @sunny @JoyAnnReid @realDonaldTrump @PressSec
Are you helping? No?  What is wrong with you?
Thank you to our men and women who risk their safety for others.
Power in Puerto Rico and water in flint first!!

You know what..Pence is sounding like a broken record. I think he reuses speeches as best suits his needs. Lol
How do I love VP Pence let me count the Ways. President Trump could have no better man of God, than our Vice President Mike Pence.

Don’t think of Me God as cruel, unmerciful or unloving... I am extreme, terrible and awful. I God am creating opportunity of unity and brotherly love. Too humbling My children, as My USA is a nation that does indeed bow to Me God.  My children must be obedient to Me God.
Where where your tweets and concern when California was burning and PS and thousands are still without Puerto Rico and rubs almost a year later, here is proof why you should never be in the white house as president of this country it's called we the people all the people matter
Except the one in the WhiteHouse

clean water for Flint MI and Puerto Rico. It’s a god damn shame!!!
Scott Pruitt is corrupt. Will you fire him after Trump is impeached?




#FakeChristian


Why not use the enlisted people you sent to the border to sit on their asses because of a non-existent immigration threat?!
You are a SLITHERING SNAKE 
Dolt.
What about PR oh forgot they aren't white
How's Puerto Rico doing?
This administration sure doesn’t act like it cares about wild fires. You must not understand how containment works?
The point of air tankers is to be able to catch #wildfires before they can grow into expensive incidents. I am concerned about a policy that would leave these air tankers unable to fly when they are ordered--for up to 48 hours.

…
Crazy how quick you respond here but Puerto Rico is still a mess
Give it up Pence! Another loser like Trump!!
You knew everything.
Bravo and thank you to those brave men and women. 

#PenceSucks     #FreeMother
That's all very nice. But why did you honor Sheriff Joe, a convicted felon, as a "tireless crusader for the rule of law"? You're an affront to the rule of law and law enforcement itself. Resign.
@RepublicKermit
Thx Michelle
What happened with Puerto Rico? Beautiful people of Our Country being hung out to dry


 



You think those courageous first responders could put out the dumpster fire known as the Trump White House?
https://twitter.com/honeygirl1978/status/991448223914086400 …


The Dunning-Kruger Effect 

Trump's Doc gives up Trump's hair secrets

Doc gets raided by Trump henchmen.…
You're a liar.
hi from panama
Hi from Chile
Hi Mike, once again - sexual assault is a felony and adultery is a sin. You might want to talk to Donny about both.
Worst administration in history. What a disgrace
does that mean you'll visit the scene and grab a hose?




