Fox is now in charge of chicken coop.
Real problem is with all the people that don't really know what's coming until it hits them. US continues on its path to destruction in boasting claims to be like the unsinkable Titanic. Just giving people heads up, things are about to get nasty & they won't know what hit them.
Congratulations 2 both Secretary Mike Pompeo & 2 you Heather,I had the honor of meeting you at my Parent's house in NJ after Hurricane Irene you did a story on @HomeDepot restoring the house of a #Veteran. My Parents both passed away since then,U helped make their last days happy
Great! Pompeo will be absolutely great!  MAGA. 
Congratulations, Mr. Pompeo, GO! GO! Mike, For God,, For the world, For USA!!!!!!
Which god?
bot god
Congratulations to Mike Pompeo....
#StillNotTiredOfWinning!
#MAGA
#KAG2020

Still not tired of winning! #GA06 
Wonderfull!!!
Congratulations Mr Pompeo Sir! 
Hope with your effectiveness and experiences soon we will see America clean from lots of terrorist Orgs and NGOs and other sort of undercover activities who want nothing but insecurity, chaos and destruction of America. May God be with you!
Time to get to work Mike, and clean house...(I’m dreaming).
God help us. Another unqualified right wing nut job assigned to do a job he is unfit for.
Trump is still building his circus of freaks
You're right Obama was nothing but a jester
Looking forward to more stupid unwinnable wars in the middle east! #MAGA
Anything to distract from the tick tock of Mueller's investigation.
Lmaooooo somebody's been watching too much @seanhannity
It's about time!
God help us. Another old white guy buckets and hate & corruption in him. The opposite of what we need right now!
Wonderful!!
Sounds good 
Did any one tell Mike that trump is a moron?
Breaking future news! Mike Pompeo has just resigned in disgrace.
Congratulations Secretary Mike Pompeo!
Just what we need.
Another plump white man enters a job he did not earn.  How much did he "donate" to Trump?
Welcome to US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
Hope your children are old enough to go to war and thet are on front line
Another liar in the #cabinetofcorruption
Congratulations Mike

Congratulations to Islamophobia, Homophobia & Torture, we welcome the continued dismantling of the @StateDept and our standing in the World, with @realDonaldTrump & now @RealMikePompeo, we will continue to be the laughing stock of the World
Pompeo is garbage
Nice!
Making America great again. Congratulations Secretary Mike Pompeo! May God bless you!
Tune in next week when Trump throws him under the bus and fires him!

Congrats sir.  Glad to have you aboard.
congrats
Keep up the great work, Mike. You're making Kansas proud.
Yes welcome, love the pictures, keep them coming!
MIKE POMPEO 
Venezuela SoS
 Congratulation  Secretary Mike Pompeo
MAGA
Dr menghle2 supporter?
KANSAS
WATCH OUT WORLD!!!! the world gonna b a better place to live.....NOT!
Now we see what a nutcase he is.  Ready set go......
One thing for sure, he can’t do worse than Clinton or Kerry
1 more certifiable lunatic in the administration like yourself Nimrata treasonous Bolton way to drain the swamp.
Gee, Thanks for more GOP sickness......................................
Yay! He’s a great man.

A Relocated Resource in @realDonaldTrump 's Criminal Cabinet
Says a Russian BOT!

Congrats, now get to work!! All the best for the best...
The best candidate for the job BAR NONE. He will make a great Secretary of State. President Trump got this one right.
Best of luck sir,congratulations
She? Do you have a candidate in mind?
I'll have a name soon. Posted an add on Craigslist.
Congratulations to Mike Pompeo.  I saw his swearing in this morning, 5-2-18 was proud of everyone on the stage and proud of the State Dept for showing a willingness to dig in and work for piece with Mike.  We are so very lucky to have Mike as Secretary of State.  Go USA Go Trump!
And what you expect from him
The dollar's sick democracy will continue. Stratification of society. The politicians are bribed by dirty business and  media. Lying to his own people and the world as dictated by the government military and defense industry. Business first-f..k peopl
I am sorry you feel like you do.  But I choose to have a different outlook.
Yes, congrats to our new biased, bigoted Secretary of State.
Wolves gathered and sheep cheer!!
Be ready for new wars with new excuses!!
Welcome to a homophobe? Yeh, right?!
Great job, Secretary Pompeo, for your meeting with DPRK's Kim Jung Un.  Thanks for your service.  I speak Chinese, if you're in need of help
Yeah now clean house of obama sycophants
MPIOK
LOVE this man.  He's very educated, a military man and a business owner.
Super Star!   Love Love Love everything about him.  Great job for him.
Thanks for nominating him and voting him in as our "secretary of state"
Welcome to the most corrupt "swamp" we've ever had.
Welcome Sec. Pompeo, Americans Thank you for your service!
What  a loser.
Congratulations Pompeii sectry
welcome to the jungle!
Do well...or...YOURE FIRED! Just like any job
In 2024, Mike Pompeo will be the next VP. @SidneyPowell1 @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @TrumpSuperPAC
Please start with #turkey and #iran, put them back to their actual size.
Another criminal added to the administration !

Welcome Mr. Pompeyo.  Go, Go, USA!!!
. No, hon.

Like #SorriSari,  you just get paid by taxpayers to lie.
#LiarsLie.
It's all you & Pompeeo got, just like tyhe rest of the #kakistocracy.
Sad.
Wonderful....
Speak French
Ppl are just turning their acknowledgement of what is right and ignoring what is wrong. Every one that trump has put in any position turns out to be mixup in acts that are not appropriate and can hurt the American values and respect for this country if ur und@
Oh, the Rapture.
All the best 
Amplify This!

Join me in asking the @StateDept to grant a waiver to #Shaima so she can receive proper medical care. 

Her father is a US citizen but Shaima who needs medical care has been denied a US Visa #NoMuslimBanEver 

Yemeni family 'hopeless' https://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/yemeni-family-hopeless-disabled-daughter-denied-visa-180416073839862.html …...
هاي شنو الأخبار
The United States is now Kim Jong UN the Devil tell seduction being be. Catastrophic to undergo will immediately preemptive hit by Kim Jong UN to beheaded should United States and Korea is safe. South of m also believe not be.
Whaaaaat???
The Pakistani Army-ISI’s diabolical links with global terror networks laid bare in 'Operation al-Nagrib', a riveting spy thriller. Order your copy now from: https://notionpress.com/read/operation-al-nagrib …
Congratulations Mr. Pompeo.
Crush and Humiliate the Trump Crime Syndicate!
Another nazi

I'd rather have William Blum.

Purple! North Korea's Kim Jong-un revealed a horrible horror that the wicked man would not abandon the nuclear weapons! - America will be safe if it blows all the way to the front and beheads Kim Jong Eun and his demons.


Good Secretary against  Islamic regime's Heather
Congratulations ...!! We believe to have a good potential from our new secretary of state #Pompeo
uzsorasfasiszta zsidokomuves horda pusztuljon.a néphez hu hadsereg szolgalatok forduljanak szembe veluk.a többi sima élösködés váltott lovakkal
hu helyett hű.bocsi
Congratulations!

WELCOME TO TRUE POMPOSITY
CUZ
TILLERSON WAS JUST
NOT POMPOUS ENOUGH
#POMPOUSPOMPEO
Congratulations!
آقای ترامپ و هم فکرانتان خواهشمندیم برسر منافعی که اروپا به خصوص آلمان و فرانسه ... به مردم ایران پشت نکنید و صداقت خود را نشان دهید برجام را تایید نکنید . Help us
Thank you Sir for ALL you’re gonna do for We The Real People
Absolutely

Heather Fuck him and ASIAN TRUMP DEALS THEY BOUT TO GET HIS FLUNKY ASS TOO
환영합니다
Welcome Dr. Ronny. Hope you can still keep your day job.

Do a good job
Worshipping false idols.

Whens the rapture?
Very Proud of fellow Kansan Pompeo on his confirmation for Secretary of State!!! Looking forward to all your successes because they will be all our Sucesses!! God Bless from Kansas!!
God help us all. Another old white guy who loves war.
Yes welcome to hell on wheels your skates are in the closet like the president is sometimes with Stormy and other woman who like to pee on him. Sometimes Handjoberty is in the closet with him but don't mind to much cuz they are not watching you that the job of Kelly ann leaker...
Oh dear!
Congrats to Rick Grenell, also!
Congratulations Rex Tillerson -- er, I mean Mike Pompeo.  Two times the charm.
The brand new soon to be former secretary of state.......... wonder if the Trump revolving door will even stop from the last firing before this guy walks through it.........
Deplorable hate, mogul who is against gay, Muslim , women and people of color . He is a Mercer Koch disciple who does not represent the American people !
Hope he cleans house..
Absolutely congratulations Mr Pompeo, you are the right person at the right time to be our Secretary of state!
Congratulations, Mr. secretary. We, #Iranians hope to take our country back from hand of bunch of Mullahs the occupiers during your term and there will always be peace in the region & #Iran will be good friend & Iranians will never forget their friends!
#IranProtests 
#no_IRI
Welcome Mr. Pompeo. Thank you for serving.
Let's see how long he will last.
Did you note the President cursing  in front of the Children today at the bring your child to work day.  Hope you pray for this sick man.
How long will it take for Mike to figure out that trump is a moron?
Congratulations Mike!
What a wreck he is going into.
One more fascist in the Trump orbit.  My country hates you all.  Get out of it.  #ImpeachmentNow
Swamp dweller.
Heil Pompeo!
Wonderful news!
Another national disgrace.
STOP S.447
Start firing the swamp
Who?
Armageddon.
This Regime is DONE
Great...another fat, white warmonger.
Yalaka liarheather trompet  helll in helll pompacı da seninle. BerAber
Congrats to Secy of State Mike Pompeo #MAGA 
Ppl are just turning their acknowledgement of what is right and ignoring what is wrong. Every one that trump has put in any position turns out to be mixup in acts that are not appropriate and can hurt the American values and respect for this country ur under investigation 45
Welcome to the swamp as they say you’ll fit right in
Welcome Majesty , I pledge allegiance to you.  Under Pres and House GOP chairman, Amb German, @markelAngela
Anybody giving odds on how long he'll  last?  I mean his boss can be a bit unstable at times.
Please clean house!
How sad for our country. He is not a diplomat.
The administration is incompetent and unfit to govern.
good luck
Bravo Mike!
Swamp monsters on parade




State's Gain IS Secretary Of State Mike Pompeo 
Where will start first war?
.......enjoy...
I dont congradulate until after work is done with all this past corruption and evil in play. Talk is cheap and should be for most dont get discomplacement.
He's a suckup!
Take it easy on Russia girl.
