Boo hiss.  Crippling AZ you mean.


Doucey should have been meeting with representatives from #RedforEd.

Instead, he does a fundraiser.

Thousands of teachers want their voices heard. We are responsible for educating our youth & preparing them to make a strong economy. 

We must get money out of politics.
Where do you think education dollars come from?
Did you take the time to read what your little Marco had to say about the rump tax cuts?
Little Marco is a RINO! He's for anything that will get him re-elected.

You are known by the company you keep.
Was going to speak the facts of your Middle Class Tax Rape. Instead, my comments are now about your decline. You praised former Sheriff Arpaio for being 'A Champion of the Rule of Law, who was convicted of contempt of court for his racial profiling of Latinos ...
... proving your racism & standing w/Trump's White Supremacy & racist agenda. Not what a true Christian would stand for, yet you call yourself one. Looks like you're a 'Sunday' Christian only.
You'll never be elected for anything! You have the Trump stink all over you!! GutterBoy

I must of missed that line. No more money in my pocket, so I will see if I get it at the end of the year
You're probably going to have to work to get more money?
Still missing Mike Pence as my Governor.



Why is Mother dressed in a shroud?
I am proud to say you display EVERYTHING that makes me dislike “Christians”. Lying through your teeth to support something you don’t practice.
The Koch brothers put $500,000.00 into Paul Ryan's pocket for passing the big corporate tax cuts. Let's talk about THAT.
And the Russians Paid that fat slob Hillary husband 500,000 for a 23 minute speech after she gave Russia 20% of our uranium.
He might be your friend but he is no friend of Arizona #HeNeedsToGo
Translation: got all tanned just for this, showing off our accounting skills.
Stuff your billionaire tax cuts in a sack.
Why don’t you ask Doucey about the state of education in AZ and how poorly he’s handled the educators that stood on his door step at the capitol waiting to talk to him??? #SAD
Doucey is awful, worthless
So it's totally okay to bring politics into sports when it suits you, but kneeling NFL players are disrespectful?
I wanna hear some more context here, could you elaborate?
Context? If you'd follow the news, you would know that Trump threatened countries that plan not to vote for the US World Cup bid. At the same time he condemns NFL players protesting Trump's treason activities.
First off, Trump didn’t threat countries, he simply brought up the fact that these countries we support with so much, vote against the U.S. just hosting a simple soccer tournament.
First, delegations vote FOR bids, not against a bid, second, the threats made by Trump were just one big embarrassment and not taken very well abroad. We Americans would be thankful if this "stable-genius" would stay out of the sports world.
We don't need a few bucks back, we need our teachers to be paid a living wage. What will you be doing to help with that? #20x2020
That is not what the Canyonites meant by drop a dollar, Mike!
You mean the tax cuts that Rubio exposed as lies? Those tax cuts?
You're probably going to have to pay taxes to get a cut. It's not for Welfare recipients.
Reports put that you knew last year that Ronny Jackson was a drunk and a pill pusher.

#PenceKnew takes on another dimension. You knew about Flynn, #TrumpRussia, and now this

If history is any measure, you will be gone first, like Agnew. Before #FatDonnie is forced out of office
What reports CNN MSLSD Rachael Madcow Lyon Brian Williams Brian Ross all left wing socialist shills.

Get ready..it's coming your way!!
We know your tax cuts support the top 1% percent not us..dont be foolish..
You support a President who sold us out to Russia...
oh right,  don't have to tell it to you as someone who was part of it to..we're not blind..Mueller coming and @FBI
Stop caravan, secure border now, build wall.
please leave, unless you can help our teachers and students.
Public education is a waste of money. They only teach immorality in schools today!

White Walker spreading more misinformation and lies!
YOU ARE EVIL !!
Any chance AZ schools could get a little bit of that money? Glad to have a raise but still got roaches in my classroom....
He’s just as nuts as his boss
Why do you support convicted felons?
Two losers.

Great speech!  Very energized!
Señor Mike lo admiro y oramos por udes desde Colombia Dios los guarde junto con el presidente Trump de tanto odio en el mundo.
Maybe we could have used some of that money you gave to billionaires and corporations to properly fund our schools and take care of our kids.
Arizona is going blue!

The American People call Bullshit!!  More like the GOP TAX SCAM THAT ONLY BENEFITS THE WEALTHY AND CORPORATIONS AT THE EXPENSE OF THE MIDDLE CLASS AND BLOATS THE DEFECIT!!!!
It seems to me we are giving tax breaks to  the wealthy and taking any chance for our kids to prosper by taking the education away great job.
This is embarrassing
Liiiiiiiies
Lies and more lies!
Talk 2 him about ending illegal immigration N a serious do something now manner Today we let them in to our welcome centers while they waved their Honduran not US flags Asylum is a crutch & a lie Support America deport them & build a wall Start w/ one that encircles the rotunda
Do you realize that our kids cannot go to school because teachers are on strike. You are completely ignoring @dougducey mis management of public school education. Apparently you couldn’t care less. Fool
The Trumps are on a double date. I think they will go to church later and pray to God. We all know both the Donald’s pray to God a lot.
How many filthy rich people live in Arizona? Hope you meet them all!
Your own party doesn’t even believe that anymore
Keep telling yourself that q-tip
Here is a TINY sample of your fans/supporters........ Jesus and Slimjims.  -
For every $1 an Arizonan saves in taxes, a Billionaire gets an extra $20,000.

Fact.
Awesome!! USA!!
Who sicced all the shitbirds on this post?
I see Mother is walking 10 steps behind you.
DEFICIT!!!!!
Lie
As long as they are already rich.
More tax scam shit
#FakeChristian #GOPTraitors
No mikey, it is putting money in ducey's pocket, in yarborough's pocket, and a few other well to do republicans across the state. Many of the rest of us are just trying to hold on to our social security and Medicare!
Bulls—t
Thank you for coming @VP WELCOME!
The very day YOUR HHS director stated your tax plan will hike up healthcare prices. 
So...yeah...you are a liar.
What's up VP!, we have some crazy left socialist in our system that has our kids held hostage and teachers on the street.  Maybe help a brotha out?
Wait a sec,  did you speak with Rubio? Which of you are telling the truth about this tax giveaway?
I hope you take time to visit with Senator Mc Cain.



Oh! what a tangled web we weave
When first we practise to deceive!

― Walter Scott, Marmion
Oh....just rich people again huh?
Thanks for screwing up our flights Gov. Douchey.
LIES I live here
You bunch a idiots. The gov of AZ just took a photo shoot with kkk and white  supremests and the douche bags were throwing up white supremest hand signs!! Bunch a Pendejos.
Useless empty suits.
You’re s joke!
#TaxScam
I use to think your smart guy but now I can see you have trumpyzyme on you!!!
Pence Do I Need to Remind You Tax Scam Gave Richest Americans Trillion1/2 Gift? Hard working Americans have to Pay for Money Borrowed to GIFT Rich. Takes more $$ Out Of Our Pockets. Please START telling the Truth. None of Has Trickled Down & WON’T. Their Gift Free & Clear
Is that a #RedforEd tie?  Why don't you work on "putting more money in the pockets of teachers across the Grand Canyon State?"
Simple, key point....if the VP of the Unites States has to transverse the nation to “Sell” the tax cuts, they aren’t working. You don’t have to convince the American taxpayers that they have more money now or are better off. This is something they know without question.
13 dollars vs corporations billions.....
#WelcomeToArizona
Liar, nobody likes you

While I think Trump is an idiot and a horrible human being - most of that is driven by his ego. You on the other hand are just evil - dressed in the guise of religious zealot.
Lies. Even your team knows the tax cuts did not help the average American.
Talk to @marcorubio about your  #GOPTaxScam crumbs for most folks.
But the school system in AZ is not funded and becoming a disaster
What does that have to do with the Fed gov't?
My God you are disgusting
So the rich are provocatively enjoying their new tax wealth they got, while my CPA is having a hard time explaining his middle class clients that their tax cut is only a 3 digit number.
Lol what a joke.
Not long now boys. Trump as the leader and Pence for being complicit.
Sedona, Scottsdale, Paradise Valley,... 
Money flowing to the 1%.

Arizona cant afford schools and teachers. 

Sick
So did you discuss the repeal of healthcare mandate and how much premiums have increased in AZ. That big tax cut increase is not coming close to covering the addl cost of health insurance. Thanks for nothing and increasing costs for all but the 1%. Thieves.
Not really pence.  Many local income not getting a dime more but Trump and wealthy benefit.  Also medical costs sky rocket due to the plan.  Helping us or is Trump helping himself ?   The plan is not that great.  Again Trump is a fraud.
I live in PA and the plan not good here.
Tell him to finally find public education in our state....never mind you don’t care about either.
With mother... awwww that is so creepy.
more riches for the rich
To the extent those people own lots of equities, which are generally engaging in share buybacks v putting real money into workers' hands. What a waste the #GOPTaxScam is, the 99% pay for benefits that largely go to the 1%.
a pair of grifters.
#CombOverlords bitch tweets again
Go to hell

"Apple on Tuesday announced a plan to return $100 billion to shareholders in a massive stock buyback, confirming recent optimism around tax reform." Corporate profits flowing back into the economy straight to the hands of...shareholders.
I expect strong American leadership and World corporations 
#Red4Edaz .....no mention??? We have a major issue sir. Nothing?? Wow.
#RedForEd 
#RedForEd az

Go to Puerto Rico stupid
Marco Rubio: No proof tax cuts poured money back into American workers
http://axios.com/marco-rubio-ta …
Do the math.
Done and nothing changed
Please take him back with you
That isn't an issue for the federal gov't. Let's not go back to the Obama era and run to the feds for every problem. State sovereignty needs to be respected by the citizen all the way to the Fed gov't.
Ha Ha Ha Ha! thank you Mikey for the laughs. Ha Ha tax breaks. Ha Ha Ha!

Trickle Up (not down) Economics? https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/04/30/business/the-tax-cut-buybacks-business-investment.html#click=https://t.co/uidsnvuXKv …

Yay! Rich people getting richer. Way to go! Imbsure Jesus is pleased. Wouldn't want anyone inconvenienced by a private jet tax!
LIAR! Only the rich are putting money in their pockets! Prices are going up everywhere! Gas prices are going up! Taxes are rising! God prices are going up! You can't even take your family out to dinner anymore! You gave a penny and took a dollar!! LIAR!!!
Food *
How about the TEACHERS pockets How’s that going

You and mother jet setting around the country on Tax payer dime.. enjoy!!
Lying to them I thought you and mother were Christian. What will you say to them when they owe taxes next year because of your lies or why we are borrowing money at a faster rate then ever, why they have no HC but you and your rich friends are doing great

Not Christian to worry about trump’s elite pals and screw the middle class, Mike.
I have lived in AZ for 20 years. There are no raises, bonuses, or new jobs. The #GOPTaxScam is a fraud. @RepAndyBiggsAZ
Trump is a fraud.

Perhaps you could speak to the governor about our teachers who are currently protesting at his office for fair pay and better funding for Arizona students. #RedForEd
I thought the governor introduced a bill that would increase teacher salaries by 20% by 2020? Is that not good enough or something?
He said there was a bill, but no real details or facts have been presented yet. There’s still work to do.
That is not a federal issue it's not even really a State gov't issue, it's a local school district issue. I find it embarrassing that this is the example our kids are getting these days.

副總統：加油！支持！讚美！歡迎到台灣旅遊，陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
Perhaps you haven't heard about the #redfored movement here? I don't think the teachers in AZ are taking in the rewards of that tax cut. Maybe you should talk to them. Ducey won't.
Clerical error in message above. "TAKING more
money FROM the pockets of people across the Grand Canyon State." 
Why do you constantly lie? Most people are not getting much from the scam of a tax cut but then Again you don’t care about real people! #GOPTaxScam
Did you just fly around pissing away tax payer money ? Surely there is some real work you could be doing .
Liar!
Why are u vice pres  trumps a wacko
Get out b****
Please leave my state and take that POS Governor with you.

That lie is not holding up. You should talk about all his other accomplishments that made life better for Americans.
Oh, wait...
How bout meeting with Teachers’ Red For Ed leaders?  Tax credit only helps rich people like you.
Хватит воевать с людьми и народами....пора проявлять заботу о людях и народах!Бог в помощь!
You're done son.
Republicans are finally coming clean about how their policies are devastating working families. First Marco Rubio admits that the tax cuts are only helping the wealthy and large corporations and now Trump's former health secretary is admitting that Americans will pay more because
Republicans weakened the Affordable Care Act. Our job is to hold Republican leaders accountable for what they have done to Americans struggling to get by. 
All I can say to the DAMN LEFTIST LIBERALS that tweeted is
LIBERALISM IS A MENTAL DISEASE!!
I got 28 bucks a paycheck.
Mueller's former assistant says grammatical errors prove leaked questions came from Trump:
TrumpTax harms AZ - stop lying Mikey. America's 5,000 richest families get an $83 million tax cut, and everyone else picks up the bill #TrumpTaxScam
Temporarily. Don’t forget the “temporarily” part. It’s all about having a cheap talking point for short term than having a real policy for the long term.

No one’s fooled.
#JesusKnowsYouLieMichael

1/3 of Americans still think #GOPTaxScam was a good idea. Number is shrinking daily. 43% got nothing or tax increases

5,000 wealthiest families took $83,000,000 each of our retirement, health care, education money

Zero economic boost, but gas is way up
How about you discuss putting more money in our classrooms and in our teachers' and staffs' pockets?!
Thank you so much for doing a fantastic job!
Yes gas prices up and stock market sucks thanks
How about flip flop Rub it Rubio.
He said if I’m not President, he was out of the senate. That’s a flip flop is it not. Now Taxes, was great, now it’s not.  What a coyote pup.
So you are talking tax cuts at the same time thousands of Arizona teachers are asking for a decent living wage and funding for their schools. I bet you are a big hit.
As long as mother approves. After all, she does have your balls in a jar in her purse.
We all know you are gay Mike. How can you keep pretending at your age?

Come out and free yourself

Jesus knows you are gay and he doesn't care because that was how you were made.

The lying, worship of money, lust for power, and hate mongering make Jesus very sad
