
Get a life and quit trolling!

I'm really thankful for your heart, leadership and code of honor. Don't grow weary in your well doing.


For the Vice President to call someone held in contempt of court for unconstitutional racial profiling a “tireless champion” of the rule of law isn’t just a stretch, it’s an insult. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
Since when is catching illegal immigrants lawfully racist?  Just wondering...
Hi #Putinbot - he didn't. He racially profiled and isolated a court order - so not lawfully. Also, his treatment of prisoners violated 8th amendment.
Yeah, they are just optimistic. Won’t change the outcomes but it’s like the Secret, just imagine it?
Middles jobs not silicon valley asshole jobs, something we can rely on and can trust to not go out of business. So many illegals/i9's run fake businesses that the American worker get screwed again..

I wish I could celebrate small business but I DON"T HAVE MY H2B WORKERS! PLEASE RELEASE THEM!!!
#SAVEH2B
H-2B visas have a key word and that’s temporary. A suitable solution has to be found and the inward flow slowed considerably as these folks come on a temporary work visa and never leave.
Well Teresa at least they stay to work. Not draw unemployment and wait on the EBT card to get a refill!
After retiring from the Army, I started my own legal process serving business, http://www.addisonlegal.com .  Hoping to grow this year!
Instead of spending money 4 billion dollars in Wisconsin for Fox com why not spend that money for small business you and your phony friends
I'm not sure it is, Mike. It's working for big businesses and polluters, but not really for anyone else... the longterm impacts of cutting Medicare and Medicaid combined with increased cgemicals in the air and the ground is going to be devestating. Why do you support this, Mike?
Wow you really drink that Kool-Aid
If by "kool-aid" you mean verifiable facts and findings distributed by reputable subject matter experts, then yes, I suppose I would drink that before voluntarily consuming the verbal concoctions served by the madman currently occupying the White House and his cronies.
Please cite your sources.
I admire this a lot.
Morco Rubio says there's no evidence whatsoever Republican tax cuts are helping workers.........
Can you tell us about the values of taking the money your constituents donated to your campaign  & then spending their donations on mortgage and groceries? My father taught me the value of hard work and to shake my head at people like you. #justice
#Low
Did you also learn bigotry and intolerace there too or did you figure that out all on your own?
Look at the bigot talking
Which one @VP or @POTUS ?
Thank you VP Pence and your wife she is wonderful! Also thank you POTUS for being you, and you better realize how damn lucky you are to have Melania as our FLOTUS! She is a gracious, smart, and a gorgeous First Lady, The best we have ever had!

And your hero is a disgraced and disgusting sherif Joe
Why not go back to playing BFFs with the racist sheriff, @VP 
AZ voted him out of office for a reason. @realDonaldTrump’s sham pardon wont make Arizona forget what he did.
How is that worse than the traitor Manning’s commuted sentence by Obama? Does not compare.
When you have to resort to whataboutism, it might be time to rethink the position...
so did I and I have Immigration letting more people take my job for cheap wages. Skill waivers need to be looked at, very dispportionate considering the nubers, what are American not skilled enough I know I am. I don't need MidEastern taking my job due to indurtured servitude
Where did you learn to lie or is that codified in your NDA with Trump Klan or #GOP SOP.
If you truly a proponent a small business, Mike, it's time for you to reassess the economic programs, and Taxation policies, and the fact you're laying a burden the middle class and small business with these insane fiscal policies.

Mother says we need #GunReform now
What is wrong with your boss? If you are not embarrassed you are not human.
Yes, I agree with Mr Vice President words... A cluster of small business will help to build a nation by creating jobs. I will live my own American dream too.
Pence talking about the American Dream is like steel-toed boots talking about swimming. 

You have never been about small business.Your in  corporate Americas back pocket   .Tax  breaks for  the rich  is not  helping  NW Indiana
Be honest,  you learned how to hate people that are different than you. Don't lie.
You are a trump puppet. The tax bait and switch plan only helps millionaires not the working class or poor. Please go find your wife and paint something.
But only for those Anericans that look like worship like and have the same sexual orientation as you right?
We have been small business for 24 years and it’s increasingly more difficult to provide insurance. It’s totally out of control. We need help sir. I know restructuring America is a daunting task. Keep up the good work and God Bless These United States of America.
Go tell your father you have his phone again. By the way why aren’t you in school.  Also don’t drink the koolaid it is very bad for you brain.
I'm not interested in the hot takes of fascists and racists -- but thanks nonetheless for your input, #cult45
Not sure you are interested in anything.  You need to get interested in something. Try fishing, after all The is what Mueller is doing.  I would Admit I am being a little condescending to you but not sure you would know what that means.  Was this you after the elections???
Destroying the republic to own the libs, amirite
Pretty sure you grew up in a closet.

#FreeMother
The president didn't pay small contractors to build luxury hotels and casinos. Because he doesn't care about the little guy unless stepping on their back lights him higher, clown.
Businesses (and individuals) everywhere are so grateful to you and your leadership. God bless you. #BestVPever #MAGA #KAG
After it's been confirmed by Rudy Giuliani that Trump did in fact pay a porn star hush money to shut up about an affair she had with him shortly after Melania gave birth to Baron, I wonder how much higher Trump's evangelical approval rating will soar!
Tobacco business - doesn’t cause cancer, right??   Corrupt!!   Columbus is ashamed of you.  #puppetspuppet
Keep up the good work sir.
Another Fake Christian.

Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
We crunched the numbers and our taxes will increase by $4,500 next year because of the GOP tax plan. I am a TV editor and my wife is a pediatrics intensive care nurse. 1 child. I'd say, "Thanks for nothing," but it's worse than nothing.
You are just awesome Mr. Vice President, and so proud to call you as such.

Would Jeebus call @RealSheriffJoe a tireless champion?
No disrespect, Mr. Pence but you are a sick homophobic racist. You are no Christian sir. Your support of a corrupt Potus is sickening. You are complicit. Have a lovely day! 
Come to think of it, it's a bit intriguing why in 400 years there
 was never a big revolt...
As an Arizonan, given the horrific statement you made about Joe Arpaio, nothing you say can ever be trusted. It was a complete defiance of true christianity. Social media has proven a great tool to put persons like yourself into office-and now we can use it to move you out. SHAME

I'm permanently disabled and my wife worked for a small home health services agency and was recently "laid off". Not sure we have confidence in the prospects for small business
Is that before you were a homophobe ?
You learned a lot about how to lie and hide, but in the end you too will be exposed#Russians!!
The early everyday rain snow shine it takes someone with a fine spine to search find there passion in fashion cars fields of green plenty seen
$130k working. Make Adultery Great Again.
Trouble is Pence you avoid the work part, and do the showboating business wasting taxpayer's money.
Did you really grow up?
AS A SMALL BUSINESS OWNER, I AM VERY THANKFUL FOR THIS ADMINISTRATION! #smallbusinessbooming

Mike Pence Did a Stupid Thing Yesterday That Will Cost the Republicans Dearly http://bluewavereport.com/news/mike-pence-stupid-thing-yesterday-will-cost-republicans-dearly/ …
Screw you! #SaveH2B
Why don’t you go and get a room with Joe Arpaeo. You two seem to be cut from the same cloth. You are an embarrassment to the law officers everywhere.
Jesus is not happy with you.
Thank you.....
I SALUTE YOU SIR 
Any sheep on that farm?
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP
When you can't control what's happening,challenge yourself to control the way you respond to what's happening.That's where power is.Well Done Vice-President.
Please go back to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainGetRidofTrump
And thios why i back criminals for office from the week @gop 
I call them honarable what a joke. Go to jail trump jr.
You're a bigot. Did you learn that growing up?
POS
Hospitality industry sales down.
Flat year expected rest of 2018.
Can’t fill 1/2 dozen positions in competitive market.
Price of providing employer-sponsored healthcare up 15%.

You & your PIC @realdonaldtrump made America undesirable even to visit.

Fvck you too, sir.
#Vote2018

Please....spare us

Gay Pence and Sloppy Donny make for an odd couple, that much is certain.
Thank you vp and potus
You hitched your wagon to the #ClownCollege. Impeachment for you, too.
Cannot WAIT to see our “tax break” at our fiscal year end just about 60 days from now. After 42 years as the accounting department of a currently 12-person firm, I’m literally chomping at the bit awaiting the promised savings!
Shame on you for your enthusiastic support of the criminal sheriff.  Your morals are questionable.
Such a good man. Can’t think of a better person to be our Vice President. In case you don’t hear it enough, “Thank you for YOUR service to Our President and Our country! God Bless You.
How's that boot leather taste Rabid Fox?
Maybe you should have learned what “the rule of law” means before you fete Sheriff Joe.
I GUESS COLLUSION TRUMP WORKED IN A SMALL BUSINESS TOO! HIS FATHER WAS A SMALL CROOK AT THAT TIME!
Aw, the trolling liberals are at it again. Tsk, tsk. Going after our VP next? Can't stand the fact that you lost. I mean Hillary lost. You guys are repugnant. I know why you are trying to get rid of President Trump. You don't have a leader. Well, except Rosie 'nyet' O'Donnell. 
You obviously know & care nothing about the rule of law, praising a convicted felon for DISOBEYING a lawful order & a known racist, birther, & bigot. BTW, I have great contacts in the LGBTQ community to help w/your personal troubles. Extreme homophobia is often a telltale sign.
God bless you and your family, Mr. Vice President.
Liar
Idiots who disagree with this should stay on there own radical areas of the world. I think you guys call it safe spaces. I got your back Mr Vice President.
Work Hard! Love Your Family And Neighbors! Eat Good! Go To Bed! Enjoy The Evening! Be Responsible For What's Right The Following Day!
I'm so glad you believe In God but I'm afraid your going to meet this guy instead.
LIAR! TRAITOR! HYPOCRITE!
This is Small Business Week??? Who knew Seems more like Small Minds Week! Arpaio should NOT be considered a source of pride. @FBI should! 
BULL SHIT
no its not its made it harder for small biz to compete
Guess @VP didn't learn about pedophiles or murders since he likes Arpaio so much
sad @morningmika @amjoyshow
It a scam corporate welfare
The trump agenda is working exactly as designed  to line the pockets of the wealthy on the backs of the hard working Americans
Yes
Complicit liar. That’s really all you are Mike Pence And as a Christian I’m insulted by your fake Christianity
Love having you as our Vice President.  Keep up the good work!  Trump/Pence2020
Sssuurree you did pence! We aallll believe you..
VP Penske I have been worried to death about this since it’s my only income due to 2 strokes. Are you and President stopping our S.S.I. Please respond. I hope you care enough to answer me. Trump want answer me, I guess I ‘m not important  enough for him.
Well you certainly never learned the value of telling the truth or condemning criminal acts. Your support of a crooked sheriff proves you are no better than he is.
Your administration works hard to fleece the American sheeple. You and Trump are disgusting poltroons, mountebanks and brigands.
Trump has personally put more small business out of business. Shame on you. SHAME!
For who lawyers to defend your traitor boss?
You embarrassed yourself and shamed our nation today with your adulation of Joe Arpaio.
You have sold your soul to the devil. Don’t speak
Just like the jobs and pay raises that we to come from the Tax Scam? Like the money Apple is using to to buyback stock to benefit the stock holders, not build or develop or return to the economy. You little Hoosier weasel.
You probably grew up hating gay people, like you do now, and holding the same old time racist beliefs of your ancestors. You are the epitome of American unexceptionalism.
Your a monster
Hey Mike, are you studying up on the Presidency, you know, for when the time comes?  #justascorrupt
From all the nations working away from home and their loved ones she is homesick
Do you ever stop sucking on trumps sack? My lord
I do believe in starting work for a lower rank and working your way up the employment ladder, I think that it makes mot only you a better person but a better employee, as my girlfriend would know she's currently working for the US ARMY Sarah Palacio, and like all good troops.
Nothing about the DEFICIT?
You just can't stop lying can you.
Saving for Small Business is only temporary. Small Business taxes could go up as high as 59%.
Small Business is the backbone of the US economy & your corrupt administration will bankrupt them w/your GOP Middle Class Tax Rape.
 If you like your neighbors- buy RETAIL. Small business is the backbone of most communities. Concentration of $ at Amazon, etc., ruins your local economy & impoverishes your neighbor. Then consider this - YOU are someone else’s neighbor!
Really,,? Guess that is why the billionaires Koch live you.  YOU ARE NOT REPRESENTATIVE OF THE AMERICAN DREAM ESPECIALLY WBDB YOU BACK A CRIMINAL SHERIFF PARDONED.  RACISM IS PRESENT WHEN YOU BACK A MAN USING TERMS MEXICAN BITCHES.
how dare you call Arpaio a champion of rule of law??? He is a disgusting racist criminal @RealSheriffJoe
What about @JulianAssange and american dream?

副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，台灣，高雄市。


Ohhhh look! VP is just like us!  shut up
Mike Who?
Murdering prostitutes does not count as a small business. #Jacktheripper
Agree with supporting small businesses. Jury is still out regarding the help congress has given them. I ask that you support all kinds of families. Straight, gay, single parent, etc. Thanks.
Trump’s agenda should embarrass you.
The devil especially loves men of faith who openly mock that faith with their actions. Joe Arpaio, a convicted felon exemplifies everything that is bad about this country. Yet to feed your political ambitions you sold out your beliefs to praise him.
#MuellerIsComing
All your photo ops with your running mate 2020, Mike Pompeo are not going to get you out of the bind you have gotten yourself in. VP to the disgraced and imprisoned Donald Trump....remember Gerald Ford, who by the way was innocent, only got to be a caretaker

Lived the American dream..really?  I didn’t realize giving up all dignity, morality, and patriotism was theAmerican Dream. You are nothing but a Trumpy brown noser. History will not be kind..
You are a shame to your family if they were decent people.

Great job. God Bless small businesses.
Bull shit. You’ve never worked a day in your life, mikey.
Look all you want but your not going to find any new jobs! The wealthy tax cut is going in the wealthies pockets you fools!
Bine la voi ! La noi e cu furatul...
Small business values means honesty, respect, truth. It means standing up to bullies.
What is his agenda exactly? 
No it is not for small business, it’s working for big businesses.

Shut up.
Liar.
You are FOS Pence
You were about to be run out of Indiana, tarred and feathered on a rail by the majority of citizens. You’re a #rwnj hypocrite and fake “christian”. You and “mommy” will be run out of DC too! #bluewave #bluewave2018 #uniteblue
Who taught you to b a racist p who  praises a man like Sheriff Joe who shackled an black woman prisoner whike in labor, and  allowed the rape of other female  prisoners,  targets Hispanic American citizens, thus breaking not following the law? Was it your mother  or father?
Trump’s agenda is working for RUSSIA.
The American dream is to be given the opportunity for a better life. You honor a man GUILTY of contempt of court for RACIAL PROFILING. America will be far better off when Trump/Pence lose the WH. Your God must look disdainfully upon your being.
And Indiana hates you
I did also, started when I was 8 and never stopped working till I was 63, when I retired, come to think of it I'm still working, always something to do around the house..#lol
Then he met the Koch brothers and sold his soul to the devil.
And u haven’t worked a day since.
Name one





wall street once again scamming investors and IRAs today, taking good earnings from aapl and many, many others,  which THEY said they couldn't do, and turned into a DOWN market anyway, complete FRAUD and SCAM against investors and everyone's IRAs, markets turning into a joke
