North Korea suspends missile testing, closing nuclear test site, reports say https://fxn.ws/2HhDNw0 
Mike, resist joining the cult of personality. THIS is the United States. Leave this sort of idol worship to the North Koreans.
Trump is saving this country with strong leadership and fighting evil left . You are welcome
Cassie, this is a Republic founded by men who rightly rejected the sort of strong leader Mr. Trump aspires to be. Unfortunately, Mr. Pence and others like him have decided their political ambitions are more important than their duty to the country.
Go do your research and coach soccer.
Mike, is this the legacy you want? History will remember that at the time Trump created a cult of personality, appealing to people like Cassie, you stood by cheering. 

You know what your duty is, Mike. Do it.
Cassie, you put your faith in a man, I put mine in the American people. You don't understand why your way of thinking is foreign to this country and the principles upon which it was founded. Mike knows better, but, to his shame, he stands by while Trump undermines our republic.
I put my faith in a man who only fights for the American people. This is why he is President.He is making our country strong again, with a booming economy, jobs, lowest unemployment in history, tax cuts, deregulation. This man is a fighter. Liberals are blind as bats.
What you’re doing has a name. It’s called PROPAGANDA. We have no proof (only conjecture) that @realDonaldTrump had anything to do with this move by NK. Coincidence does not automatically establish causality.
The name is called WINNING. Our President and VP would not be announcing this to the whole world if it were not true. Proof as time goes will be provided since many talks will be forthcoming. Trump produces results. Not talk like all former Presidents.
Cassie is a gullible FOOL.
Cassie is a smart constitutional conservative Trump supporter woman who knows the issues as opposed to weanie liberals like you who have no idea what is going on and prefer to be fooled by the left. Go ahead. I am enjoying the derangement of the left.
The words “smart” and “Trump supporter” don’t belong in the same sentence. Nice try, though!
This are liberals? You should be so proud
Oh wholly liar your as full of @SenateMajLdr as @realDonaldTrump.  Is your altar to poser made of alabaster? Have a golden calf?
Are you through with your demonism?
Nah it isn't impeached yet. Are you through with your adoration, trollette ?
The indictments /impeachment’s are forthcoming for the Dems who colluded with the Russians to spy on Trump.Keep up. Dem crime syndicate is in deep 
Another meme another scheme. Hey, which affair turns you on more? Stormy? Playboy bunny 1 or 2? Russian hookers or @FLOTUS ? Trollette
Huh? What the H? Are you talking about? Make sense or get out my way
It would be great if we could have peace NK
#trump? Really hahahahaha He’s a joke.  #wrong #fakepres #NotMyPresident
The jokes are the communist socialist demonic liberals.
Don't re-tweet Fox News. IT IS NOT NEWS, it's entertainment.
Trump placed more sanctions on Russia. Talk to Clinton and Obama who colluded with Russia to spy on Trump.
Of course, anything he says can be lies...but yes, a positive turn of events. Much caution, as always.
안녕하세요 부통령님, HELLO VICE PRESIDENT FROM SK
Please help SK reunify with the North. Finish the mission of Sygman Rhee's life-long sacrifice to bring democracy with America that has yet not been accomplished ! Thinking of 이승만 !

God doesn't condone violence or others treating each other badly,  yet you slammed doors on the neediest to give to the  Wealthiest.Judgement is from  God,  not you, Your judgement will be harsh because of you  forcing your beliefs on others. God doesn't Force anyone,  FREE WILL
UnChristian liar, judging others is going against everything Christian faith believes in, laws against things you personally don't like is UnChristian. Only God can judge, being in politics certainly isn't Christian being you lie daily basis fact.Your Judgement will be harsh.
Pence must see his brother in DT that's why the infatuation:
GOD BLESS R PRESIDENT AND VP.
Obama would still be golfing doing nothing for 9 yrs....except..
I am glad you are not one of the “ignorant by choice”
This does not say much for your judgement regarding leadership. It seems the consensus of the leadership skills of this iPOTUS is whim driven chaos, or chaos driven whim.
I’m sure you have work hard also
안녕하세요 팬스 부통령님, Hello Vice President Mike
We welcome this moment from SK very much. Korean war is not over yet, and patriots of SK are fighting hard against NK's propaganda that is running amok in South Korea. We still remember America's Christian blood shed in Korea.
North K doesn’t need to test, etc. they have their mikes cocked locked and ready to go. The rest are being stored. trump naive.
South Korea negotiated this. #FatDonnie rage tweeting while having no one involved in negotiations played no role except to embarrass the USA

Just wondering, is this guy a relative Mike? Looks a lot like you. Maybe you could hook up and pretend you hate gays while spooning
What restrictions have you put on North Korea and other countries supporting North Korea's economy? How have they gotten the money to obtain these materials to build these missiles. #STCEgov7
Russia and all the other enemies of America.  Amazing DJT et al played dirty in 2016.
Don't you get tired of being Trump's sycophant? You're nothing but a suck-up and most of America sees you as Trump's little organ grinder monkey. Sad, very sad.
Since when is name calling and insults leadership?
Trump fights back the evil left. Trump produces results. The 24/7 attacks since Trump ran for office is demonic. These evil is being exposed everyday. Every single attack and lie from the left backfires and this is driving the left loony.
That's a crock and you know it. Pres. Moon Jae-In is the one responsible for the progress, not @realDonaldTrump
Now, how did you come to that conclusion? Just because I called Pence a liar?  I’m not a communist, nor desperate. GFY
Well yes you are a liberal communist. Didn’t you know what your party has turned into? Oh gosh. Pence is not liar. Attacks do not make the truth go away
Laughable Me Pence.  They have their weapons.  We don't test either any more now do we?
They are playing this menstruation in the White House like a well-oiled piano
#JesusKnowsYouLieMichael
You’re going to jail. A democratic speaker of the house will replace you and the Orange dotard
If Trump gets impeached Mike pence will be president cause he's the vice president
Trump is a strong leader just as much as Scotch tape is cement.
Trump is a strong leader just as much as squashing ISIS, bringing unemployment to a historic low, tax cuts, deregulation, bringing 3 million jobs.historic plans to meet  w NK. So yes Trump is a real leader.
He’s a narcissist.  No one can work with his infantile behaviour.  As for all his policies, tax cuts/deregulation - these will ruin your future as money goes to the wealthy at expense of the ordinary.
Cassie you're romanticising a dream that you wish was real, but it's not. You either don't pay attention, at all, or you just don't know better. The "confidence" you seem to have in what you're saying though leads me to believe you aren't even a real person. So womp womp womp 
Yeah okay, you sure did show me  .. FYI a crackerjack is something with exceptional abilities, you wouldn't know about that, you can't even be bothered enough to pay attention to reality, which literally takes no effort at all, but yeah, it's ME who should be embarrassed. Smh.
We all know that Mr. T did mot make this happen. First, Kim has spent all funds accumulated by his father.  Second, he ran out of rockets and does not have the resouces to continue. Third, China did not want nuclear weapons next door. Told him to cease. Last, hats off to S Korea.
Great job VP Pence.  Thank you for standing by POTUS
He standing there in line waiting until tRump get  impeached so he can pardon him he's not doing the from the goodness of his heart you know that. And if it wasn't for that Trump would have fired his ass too, he's a wuss
You're a bot.
Sorry but South Korea can take all the credit. They've been meeting and hosting NK for months without calling anyone insulting names
"strong leadership" shouldn't be in the same sentince with "POTUS Trump."
Resign
While #NorthKorea ‘denuclearization’ is our goal, seems some fail to understand that all negotiations are about incentives—what is Kim Jong Un specifically after?
❶ gain equal footing w/US
❷ decrease dependency on China
❷ lift economic sanctions
❹ bolster internal leadership
Never would have happened with Obama and Clinton
THANKS TO SOUTH KOREA!  not Drumpf!
North Korea is not stopping, just pausing. They will continue nuclear testing. Take off the rose colored glasses Pence!
. The courts just told you to stick it, in oh so many ways.
BREAKING: Federal court strikes down Indiana abortion law signed by Pence as unconstitutional 

Indiana's ban on "selective abortions," which was signed into law in…

The lomg suffering victims of the USA who replaced the occupation Japanese with the same collaborators at the end of the war and massacred tens of thousands of their resistance and fledgling democracy so to install your puppets.
LOL>  The Norks reached their goals and have you by the shorts, and they may have opened up a wee can of geological worms methinks. You yanks are unwelcome interlopers in the region like most places you persist in occupying by any other term.
ok.
But....remember President Reagan's motto...."Trust But Verify"...emphasis on VERIFY!!!
POTUS  actually had very little to do with this, thank South Korea and China.
Losers
 idiots
Keep spreading your fake news stories.  So what if North Korea has stopped for awhile.  I bet he bitch slaps Trump for calling him names.
Amazing how, without any evidence, you and Trump believe anything Kim Jong Un tells you. The two of you are putting the USA at risk. IDIOTS
In contrast, you two claim Iran is lying. Your RACISM is making you two BLIND.
Fake news propaganda
Check your nose lately!
@vp he’s working hard to get rid of @real DonaldTrump
Yes @mike_pence but I've seen both Rocket Boy's daddy & gramps lie their butt off too so back to the Reagan #TrustButVerify doctrine because for any dictatorial regime that had its people eating tree bark & dogs probably proves talk is cheap.
Lol
Do you two fools think we are all stupid enough to believe that Trump is influencing Kim Jung Un? No f-ing way! We all know that Putin controls North Korea and trump! He tells them what to do, how to do it, and when to do it! Trump has zero influence in the world! Watch!
The left is  Incredibly stupid bullheaded hateful losers and trolls. They hate Trump is doing so well after their loser coward Obama screwed up so badly. Libtards are this country's biggest embarrassment
Sounds kind of like George W. Bush’s words about Iraq, “Mission accomplished!” Don’t you guys learn?
UckFay ouYay! Indiana doesn't even want ya!
Unless NK turns over and/or destroys all it's nukes then we have no deal.  It will just like all the other Presidents that have appeased NK.  Hopefully, President Trump will use that as a red line.
The trouble with Trumps red lines is he moves them..
You and especially Donald are being played by N Korea. You’ll see in time. What fools!

Thank you Mr Vice President!
Thanks for your effort. However, it is not a really good news. Kim did not mention anything about denuclearization. Kim said he will stop launching missles and close test sites, but he did not say he will give up nuclear bomb. I swear that Kim will never give up nuclear bomb.
Cam you inform Trump and Pence who have planted fake news reports.
Yea, and the earth is flat, too.
Go back into hiding!
OMG u must have the mirrors in ur house shrouded so u don't have to look at yourself. Brazen lies to the public while backstage the wardrobe mistress is fitting u up for your new on stage presence as #POTUS46
They do not see what theybssy as outright lies.  Only Trump-pets believe these liars.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=616530278696366&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.616530278696366%3Atl_objid.616530278696366%3Athrowback_story_fbid.616530278696366%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A-1738490037756749036&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Now importance: liberate 25million slaves of dictator for 70 year and remove 
Nuclear arms from ultra dictator. 

Must keep strong alliance Korea-USA !

Most importance is also keeping  
Freemarket democracy in south korea 
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/987487256423186432 … (Ranked 14th for Apr 20.)
Thank you for having our President's back Mr. Pence. You're showing off the American spirit and demonstrating friendship and grace for your comrade. Ya'll are making America Great again, together!
Bahahaha!!! Nice try, VP Creepy.
It wasn't trump or the U.S.... it was open communication between the Koreas
I would really love to be able to be in agreement with this administration, if it weren't for all the misdirections, and denials of historical facts. Or the daily soap opera drama playing in every headline. So hard to sympathize with anyone who finds fault with everyone else!
#KAG
Don't forget to play with his balls Mike, he likes that.
Welcome news.
Proof you and your evil way, is not above the law.
‘US will say they saved the world’ while peaceful Russian approach on N. Korea won :D
Praying for a successful outcome to talks.
In fact it is the talk made already between SK and NK, and Europe that had led to this.. #POTUS have only made things worse with his childish tweets. So USA get on the train and learn from the allies - we are leading the way. Please follow.
Listen everyone,this is what we call leadership, we are praying for you Mr Trump,stay strong.
They dont need to test anymore. They got it done. Also the mountain they test in cant hold many more tests without collapsing. The talks and movement is being done without us. China and Russia moved on it quicker. 
We see you Mike Pence. We see you.
Trump will keep pressure on N Korea. Pressure to pay him not US.
Maybe the leader of north korea just doesn't want to look like idiot Donald Trump. Maybe he's wised up. I hope they wait on arresting Trump. Because your the mental one who thinks a fictitious character speaks to you. You'd be worse than Reagan and the 2 Bush's.
Because if there is one thing we know about North Korea, it is that they would never lie to a gullible president.
Remember when @realDonaldTrump guided the Israelites out of Egypt? And when he knocked out Muhammad Ali?
This is happening because of the diplomatic efforts of the leader of South Korea, not the guy in the WH.  I hope the leader of South Korea is given the Peace Prize this year for his concerted efforts.  They will NOT nominate DJT!
Counting y'all's, chickens early... Aren't ya?
Mike Pence warns that North Korea better not test Trump.
(I think he means in spelling, grammar, manners, the Constitution...
Great start.
Is it being deceived by North Korea? It will be the end of the world if you are deceived any further. Please do not make easy judgment, promise. Also history is repeated. And there is no turning back any longer!



Trump isn’t doing SHIT!!!
Pyongyang’s move to halt nuclear and missile tests is more the result of  collective efforts, including that of Russia and China, than US threats  to “wipe off the map” North Korea,
You're as delusional as your boss, the so called president. Better keep praying because the end is coming.....LOL
Thank god Russia and China are putting pressure on North Korea!
100% credit for North Korea.

#MAGA
Nothing working yet!  Wait until the talks produce something
OMG! Trump is a weak liar just like the other crazy loon in North Korea !
Mr Vice President, our Allies?? Please be careful because Merkel and Germany are not your friends! German Media are much worse tha MSM in America!!! They are criticising President Trump all the time!! They are extreme left communists!
Germanistan is not a friend 
Oh Mercedes, shame on you  for defending a fraud.
Fools.
Being fooled.
You and the president are assuming an awful lot of things. Have you ever thought that Kim might be playing you? Playing you like a fine fiddle? The more you say the more it could be held against you at that Summit. Keep quiet. Trump is a dotard.

If we do have an opportunity for detente with North Korea, it’s very concerning that Donald Trump will be in charge of the negotiations. Too bad this couldn’t have happened during President Obama‘s tenure.
Trump’s friend Putin is using North Korea as a pawn.
Not because of US war mongering policy but other players who believe in a peaceful resolution????//
More welcome news:
A federal appeals court has ruled that an Indiana abortion law signed by Vice President Mike Pence when he served as the state's governor is unconstitutional https://cnn.it/2HMXMPW  


You’re sick MazKanata
Do you even believe the lies you tell people? Oh what fun we are going to have Mike.
We will see, what I see and hear is blow hard propaganda on both sides and you are blowing the hardest.
Great TEAM, INCLUDING your wives.
Absolutely. America First and Drain the swamp
http://ittihamqazeti.blogspot.com/2018/04/exemplary-friendship-between-israel-and.html …
Maximum pressure never work. You forgot 6 other counties including China, Japan and Russia. To be honest without US presence on Korean soil this problem wouldn't exist. Korea hasn't invaded anyone since Korean war. US on other hand???
And a strong VP at his side!
AMEN
I pray,  North Korea can stand strong against America. They've done America & its people no harm. They are justified by wanting to arm themselves. When a deranged psychopathic white people & their nigga's have weapons of mass destruction at their disposal. Hold on North Korea.
World leaders must see the big picture. America is on the fall & you don't have to give in or cater to them. God is going to deal with these motherfuckers, they know it & their time is up. Have no fear against America, sin & their weapons make them appear strong,  but their weak.
American people, Whites African Americans all who want to make claim. Want no mention of America being weak, but you are & can be so easily divided. Any nation large, small can buckle America to it's knees, without out loss of their lives from it's inside where America is divided
“Strong leadership of @POTUS Trump” 
What exactly has Trump do to facilitate this?
Get it and get it straight. There is a difference between leadership and leaderSHIT. All that trump is capable of is the latter.
Proverbs 28:15
Like a roaring lion and a charging bear Is a wicked ruler (NK dictator) over poor (NK) people.
Why wouldn't Obama do this? Makes me wonder?
I thank God for you and Mr. Trump!
Where is Trump's peace prize?
Look, I understand that President* Pumpkinhead doesn't have the least idea about the history between US & NK, but you do. Therefore, your lies are worse than his, your sin made all that much larger. Stop lying and ask Congress for his removal. It IS your Constitutional DUTY. #25A
Yea Right, some ones been drinking the water from Flint?
Don’t trust communist!
Could you tell me why this tweet is unavailable? 
I hope people realize what Twitter is doing and getting away with it, is the same thing that Facebook did!
I hope they get what they deserve, another company taking over!
This is the perfect example of “Trump could cure cancer and the left will still hate him.” The man is the first president in decades to even have the balls to properly deal with NK and you lunatics still can’t even give credit.  This is why no one takes you seriously.

Ha! Who are you trying to BS?

We're not buying what your selling.

Let's be real here, the suspension of his program wasn't too much to do with DT more to do with China and Japan, and don't kid yourself, Kim will be asking for much more from the U.S....give it time you will see
You do know that the reason they might be stopping testing is 1. To try and “look good” ahead of any meeting with Donnie and then blame him for restarting the testing or 2. They have no need for further testing...don’t think much of this announcement yet...
That great news I hope the president straight it up I believe in both you let’s get done
Definitely!!!!  This is from Trump and your leadership!!!!  MAGA!!!!
Awesome!! USA!!
Is it possible to imagine North and South Korea will return to one nation under one flag. Only this President can get it done.
He wanted to be a nuclear power. He is now. No one stopped him. He won
Resign
Believe me, just because Korea is negotiating it does not mean Korea is not defenseless. For a fact Russia and China would defend N Korea If America attempted to attack. Either way, America you cannot win against N Korea, you lost against Iran, lost against Syria and now Korea.
America are you stupid? It was Russia and China who influenced Korea. Do you think for one second Korea would surrender without security backup? If America is talking of pulling out of the Iranian deal, then of course N. Korea has allies like China and Russia to protect them.
US always stealing credit, Russia and China and South Korea deserve more credit for this outcome.


@POTUS new book title.            "The Art of Peace Through Strength"
North Korea actions r expected earlier.Because,every missile test affected China with
massive Earthquake.NK wanted 2 punish US.But US Goddess diverted against China
which is invincible operator.Trump activated strong pressure thru medias.All convinced NK to find peace initiatives
This is what being president should look like actually making change happen.
@FoxNews despite no coverage by fake news Americans know you are doing well   Sorry we can't fire idle Dems and Rhinos
Of couse @realDonaldTrump has to take credit for this decision
Your pal, @realDonaldTrump, also said he'd release his tax returns, so...
