



Geez someone is obsessed with homosexuality.. Why do you think that the majority of people give a flying F what you decide to do in your bedroom?..




WHY IS IT ALSO YOUR HONOR TO WELCOME Joe Arpaio and CALL HIM LAW ABIDING? DISGRACEFUL!

gross that you have so much respect for an individual who broke the law and discriminated against Hispanic people......what a Christian you are

Looks like another Trumpster disaster
Take a long walk off a short pier
Cute kids 
They are awesome !!
are your kids proud of this?

Pence, you and Trump wouldn't know a principal leader if y'all both looked in the same mirror.
Principles and morality is an oxymoron to liberalism
Oh, and conservatives know alot about principles and morality?  Who's been more in the spotlight?  Trump and his followers don't have any principles or morals, the only thing they know is hate, bigotry, racism and the gullibility to believe every ounce of B.S. he says.
Hatred?
The only hate has come from the left who attacked,beat up,burnt and destroy private and public property, throw tantrums and like children they are unable to deal with opinion different than theirs and like nazis they resort to silence it.
Wasn't it Trump that said that white supremacist's, when they was having a rally, call them good people?  And aren't they followers of Trump?  And the only person that has been ranting, and acting like a fool is Trump.  And when people who stand up to him,  he belittles them.
It is obvious that you are a lacking facts and have been listening to the propaganda for too long..Trump said that among those people there were people that did not agree with the white supremacies and they are good people.

The fact that the FBI didn’t reveal that Hillary and the DNC paid for the fake dossier to get a FISA to spy on a candidate and elected president.That is more important.
Don't forget Cadet Bone Spurs wants tariffs on aluminium there goes your hat

Hey, you know Arpaio is a convicted felon, right?
Creep
Come out of the closet mikey. Mother will be happy and free.
You do dishonor to this country every time you step outside. We abhor you and so would any decent god that may exist.
It will be my pleasure to see people swear at you in prison


Your going to jail 
........
And he can’t wait. Look at his future cell mate 
One of yours Christian mike?

Joe Arpaio isn't just kooky. He's kooky and evil. Why would @VP Pence praise him? https://www.weeklystandard.com/charles-j-sykes/mike-pence-shoutout-to-joe-arpaio-was-shameless-and-disgraceful …
Nobody with principles  in trump administration
We all know what your pleasure is. It’s big, round and orange. Has yellow hair and white rings around the eyes.

Awesome!
YES FAKE CHRISTIAN "PENCE" IS A MORON LIKE TRUMP!!
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/2065402166886160/ …
FYI
VIDEO: Rudy Giuliani admits that Trump not only knew about the $130,000 payment to @StormyDaniels but repaid the money back to Michael Cohen…
Mr VP, just reading the comments on here tells me that the devil is working hard against you! Like my Grandma always said "If the devil isn't working against you that means he's already got you." Ephesians 6:11-17
Joe Arpaio? You should be ashamed. Not what Jesus would do. Awful.
How does it feel to walk in the shadow of an idiot and moron?
#TrumpCorruption #Trump #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #MeToo 
AMERICA believes them,  lock up the PERVERTED pres
Joe Arpaio is a "tireless champion of the rule of law"? Are you out of your mind? He's a convicted racist thug & an embarrassment to Arizona. Comfort yourself by knowing Giuliani just announced your broad-shouldered bromance lied all about paying off 1 of his porn stars. Classy!

The American people are done with all the lies
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，台灣。
And when did you know about Flynn? When did you know about @realDonaldTrump knew about the pay off of Stormy? Or were you a part of the cover up treasonweseal?
Boom. Giuliani just told Hannity that Trump paid Cohen back the 130k for the Stormy agreement.
#complicit #shameful #treasonous
Boy, you REALLY never want to be president do you?
Does he know you pal around with self-admitted racist  @CarlHigbie?
So tell us all how it feels when you sell your soul to trump. Joe Arpaio is a criminal. He is responsible for torturing people that he imprisoned illegally and THAT is the cretin that you are PROUD to have on your side??
@VP  is a defender of transsexuals!

Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
I guess your buddy Joe Arpaio wasn’t available!
Was it your pleasure to see @realDonaldTrump  grouping @RudyGiuliani ? I guess you love transsexual people 

You’re landscaping contractor agrees 100%
Everyday with "Its my pleasure".  It is no pleasure with you being in the WH.
Trump wouldn't know a principle if it came up and hit him in his disgusting face.  And apparently neither would you.
It will be my pleasure to see you and Donald thrown out of office!  Your own morality will do it!
But this!
Trump doesn't give a shit about those countries and you know it. Prove me wrong. Let's hear it from #Trump.
#COMPLICITPENCE #FAKEPRESIDENT #NOTMYPRESIDENT #PUTINSBITCH #PUTINSPUPPET #SEXUALPREDATORTRUMP #UNFIT #COMPLICIT
@VP on my knees for @realDonaldTrump
I love the matching outfits for the kiddo's!
And @VP is going to like his matching outfits for jailed felons.
Mother says we need #GunReformNow
Can we impeach Trump and then Pence too pls
I would ask for a legitimate reason why they could be impeached but you're 16 years old and don't know what the hell you're talking about. Shouldn't you be studying or walking out of class or something?
already done that
And that's why you don't know what you're talking about.
Because I study and walk out???
Great Job ! God Bless the President Trump and the USA! Something for the Troll your Hillary lost. Cure OBEY YOUR PRESIDENT TRUMP... OBEY!
Russianbot@TwitterSupport
Funny little boy nice dress but it doesn't give you anything but silly.  Guess your a dressed  up President Trump hater, missing Crooked Hillary are you... Notice anything lately.... Hillary Cheated and still Lost. OBEY YOUR PRESIDENT TRUMP... IT'S NO MORE FAKE NEWS!
And if your American-born, I’ll eat my hat.
Ha ha, in Buford, Georgia. Good old redneck with too many Guns and know you Stand for the Flag! What's your problem and I would try straw hat, chew well with water as needed! LOL 
Well, I think you need to brush up on English, then. In America we try to have our sentences actually make sense. Also you seldom hear the phrase “Obey your president” spoken here. We tend to think we are a free people. Exactly what orders are we supposed to be obeying?
It's a play on all the spray paint stop sign and Bridges with OBEY when obama was elected...lol. I'm doing this as other things at same time. Ha ha flip phone...youay be to young to remember or you well educated college spam....good lite dig...have good day! What's a bot 
Not all that well-educated, I just paid attention in elementary school and learned things like the difference between “too” and “to”. Also a bit about US history and government...
Isn't creepy #joebiden supposed to be there, groping the children?
You mean like this?
not really
Ok, so how about something like this?
Locker room talk is not the same as creepy Joe Biden molesting children on camera
I dunno what kind of fucked up locker rooms you spent your time in, Jay, but Trump has literally admitted to finding 10- and 12-year-old girls attractive.
most locker rooms are pretty much the same
Sir please take necessary step to ask US Ambassador to India to respond Trump Train supporters India.He and his staff not showing any attention to Trump Supporters.He has connected with those who oppose Trump.
Sir. I want to say you very sorrowfully you that US Ambassador to India has no positive response to Trump Supporters in India.Instead he dislike them.Please advice him give some responce to them
I will give you $100 if Trump knows what and where the OAS is.
Why didn't donnie do it? Would it have anything to do with his nationality? From past comments from donnie, I had to ask.
I am sure he is just another corrupt Trump supporter & only been appointed so Trump will get Hispanic votes. Sorry we are not that stupid.
The current episode of "The Fall Of Mike Pence" ... will continue after these messages from the Blue Wave.
Why have you not spoken about your personal physician and Sen. Tester setting up Admiral Ronnie Jackson??
That would make him a rare "principled leader" to be chosen by @potus for anything.
If history serves us this will be just another failed man in the trump orbit. Pack up your reputation and throw it on the fire buddy
How’s your boss?? Pretty fucked eh? #LiarInChief #penceisachump
Why is FAD stopping prescriptions from Canada. Many seniors are going without meds including insulin!
How could you call convicted criminal Joe Arpaio a “champion of  law and order”? You are supporting a criminal who broke the law he was sworn to uphold. What’s wrong with you? #PenceAsRottenAsTrump
Look out for wall street liberals trying to trash the markets, have been at work now for nine months with a shorting and selling scam. Likely extends well beyond wall street. Pattern is this hits every GOP president about once per term, complete scam and needs to be investigated
@FBI Stop being a criminal. Why are you violating 22 U.S. Code § 2378d the Symington Amendment & international law for "Israel?" Stop abetting war crimes/crimes against humanity wi/my tax dollars. Please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
You aware "Israel" murders children for sport? Ref @ChrisLynnHedges. Despite your claim; murdering children for sport is not one of my values.  Stop abetting murdering children for sport w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI You aware I have the 1st Amendment & law on my side asking you to stop being a criminal for a so-called "state" that murders children for sport and/or the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel?" End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
How does it feel being a puppet to #oligarchs controlling you, the US, essentially stealing from US tax payers violating US/ international law abetting murder, Crimes Against Humanity with my tax dollars? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Is it because you are a puppet to oligarchs is why you are a criminal for “Israel?” Are you aware a 2014 scientific study by Princeton shows the US is no democracy but an Oligarchy? Why else abet crimes? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI“Forget the politicians. politicians are put there to give you the idea you have freedom of choice. You don’t! You don’t have choice. You have owners. They own you!” George Carlin. Puppet Pence please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Why are you abetting crimes committed by organized crime/fascism and/or “zionism?” You a criminal violating US & international law for “Israel” because you are a puppet for fascists and/or the oligarchs? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI Why do we give more military aid to “Israel” than any other state? Considering you are violating US and international law W/aid to "Israel' are you stealing from US tax payers? Stop stealing from me; end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
What did Theadore Herzl (founded "zionism" = fascism/organized crime) mean when he wrote, "The antisemites will become our most dependable friends, antisemite countries our allies"? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is fascism; "zionism"/"Israel”
*The “Tweets” I message here using 1st Amendment asking you/US to stop violating US/international law for the Crime Against Humanity of "Israel" get forwarded to "senator" feinstein, "senator" harris, "congressperson" lowenthal @ACLU , @theCCR , @pal_legal, @USACBI @NLGnews @FBI
@FBI Stop abetting "Israel's" crimes w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel." “Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectful and give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind” ~ #GeorgeOrwell
Arpaio was literally convicted for failing to uphold the rule of law.  HOW CAN WE BELIEVE YOU ON ANYTHING?!?!?  Have you no shame?!??
megy a zsido folyamatos show 1913-tól uzsorasfasiszta komuveszsidajaéknál.illene már a hadseregnek odabaszni mint megdogolni ilyen szutykokért

Your partner, Donald Trump, conspired with Dr Harold Bornstein to decieve the American People and influence the 2016 Presidential Election. As his second, you don’t have enough moral authority to endorse anyone. God will be your judge if Mueller doesn’t get to you first.
Join the NRA at http://nra.org  for only $40 a year. Save the 2nd Amendment from the liberal socialist democrats that want to take your means to self preservation. #StandAndFight #NRA
When is convicted felon Joe Arpio going to get an ambassadorship?
I keep being asked is Mikr Pence real or have we deployed a bot.  Still not sure
Is twitter to be used as a therapy for the POTUS, a sort of safety-circuit to protect him from a meltdown? OR is this all a show to clear the path for the VP  to become the POTUS from 2020 plus 8 years to follow? Why not? The VP has a normal set of brain and balls.

Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
Surprised you didn’t try to deport his family
How many other nominations for ambassadors are still being held up besides Germany?
"A principled leader" on the order of other @POTUS choices (Pruitt, Scaramucci, Jackson, Devos, etc.) or a really principled person?
Please ask him to put special attention to the genocide that is suffering the Nicaraguan people.
Yedek anahtari nereye sakliyorsunuz gecen dışarı da kaldım
I am sorry that not may GOODNIS was bad

#DidYouKnow...
that the Polish Constitution of May 3, 1791 was the first modern constitution in Europe?…
Carl Higbie has traveled with Pence on many speaking engagements. These racists aren't even hiding it anymore.
Does Mother share your bigoted views and appreciation of Joe Arpaio?
So says the man who would be President....Trump better watch his back!!!
Joe Arpaio is a criminal, not for the rule of law. Is the entire White House full of idiots?
nice
Sad that u would be honored by sheriff joe arpaio.. a convicted felon for not following the rule of law and order
Good one
Creepy Joe would love to get his hands on that.

for how long?
We, Americans, need both you and trump GONE.
Joe Arppaio is a racist. Are you?

Shame on you for saying Arpaio follows the rule of law. You’re an idiot!
 you’re another comedian. The WH is full of them!

And when did you KNOW that @realDonaldTrump knew about paying off a porn star? What does he have on you?
I keep watching the tape of Rudy Giuliani going on Hannity and confessing to Trump’s guilt, and all I can hear in the back of my head is President Obama saying “please proceed.”
Your world is crumbling around you tonight. Sweet dreams.
2020! Trump! American People's President! 2020!
I hope you serve this country well. God bless.
Vice President Pence- would you ask President Trump to help my family-Bryce and Maryl Wilks bring their adopted children home from Nigeria? Please intervene and ask the American consulate to grant their legally adopted children visas to come home to the US.
 I predict in 2 weeks you're gonna says Screw this I'm out!  #StupidWatergate  #Guliani  


"What's the deal with Mike Pence?" 
@NicolleDWallace w/ @JonLemire @CapehartJ 

You’re a racist & puppet 4 Trump. You spineless piece of .
Dem senator tears into Pence for praising "unlawful racist" Joe Arpaio as a defender of the rule of law http://hill.cm/Y0xuuHI  
Your shout out to Joe Arpaio was shameless & pathetic. U should #resign #sycophant #TrumpCrimeFamily toadie
Thanks.
Pence is waiting for Donald Trump to get impeached so he can Rule the World ..He might be the Antichrist 
Again you can only tweet about ass kissing trump.
666, MR. PENiCE!!!
You swore? Doesn’t the bible take major issue with saying naughty words?
Does Mother know you were swearing?
You’d say the same thing if it was Hitler.

Joe Arpaio is a convicted torturer with no, none, zero, zip respect for the rule of law. You’re “honored”. You are a dupe for the #LiarInChief and no better than he is. Maybe worse.
Good thing 'ol Joe Arpaio wasn't at the ceremony  He woulda asked for his papers and hauled his brown ass outta there! You know, cause Joe is "...a tireless champion of strong borders and the rule of law."

Sister has her hands full....
You're a bigot.
What is the matter with you? Sheriff Arpaio broke the law and treated people horribly. Do none of you have any integrity at all?
SHAMEFUL, calling convicted felon Arpaio "champion of the rule of law"! 
Undercharged, he perpetrated deadly, racist concentration camp for illegally detained "suspects" 
While DJT maligns DOJ & FBI heads, all Repubs he appointed, as Dem loyalists for doing thr jobs. RULE OF LAW?
did you suck on @realsherriffjoe 's taint for 14 hours and cough up a pubic hairball in the shape of a wife & husband shaking hands after completing their 2018 taxes? the people deserve to know.
Might be worse than Trump, maybe leave Trump in place .. My God .. Joe Arpaio the felon that just got pardoned is a law abiding citizen? wtf are you on?
Fine addition to the Dotard white mens club.
I vostri interessi, o quelli del popolo maledetto da Dio?...
Mike
Crimonal background of imigrants cost $25 MAX.
Medical Exam $75
THE FREE WORLD WILL NO LONGER TOLLERATE YOUR POLITICAL PARTY'S ANTI FREEDOM MOVEMENT.
IF IT CONTINUES-EXPECT WORLD WAR 3.
REPUBLICAN MINORITY OF THE USE VERSES
THE ENTIRE WORLD.
YOU WILL BE WIPPED OUT IMEDIATLY
