These lilacs Barbara Bush had planted here at the Vice President's Residence when she was second lady. They are in full bloom today. Grateful for the way she touched this place and touched our lives. Praying for the Bush family today. 
Lovely!  I respect you and pray for you.  Thanks for your classy and respectful way you are living your life as second lady.

Has "Mother" seen this photo?
God Bless Barbara Bush.

Barbara Bush: "I don’t know how women can vote" for Trump
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=617424958606898&id=100010181988096&ref=bookmarks&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …


God Bless the Bush Family, I pray for Barbara every night!
Is that MOTHER hiding by the BUSH?
Love this family! I believe the Pence's are a good and caring Christian family!
Thank you for sharing the picture of the lilacs B.Bush planted. A beautiful addition from a beautiful lady. Prayers for her family.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/987692327195037698 … (Ranked 20th for Apr 21.)
This is none of your damn business. You're concerned nor involved of the Former First Lady Barbara Bush and the Bushes Family. Get the hell lost!
Saludos desde Ecuador
Can we really trust countries that do not keep their promises for the past 25 years? As long as the Kim Jong-Il regime continues, safety will not come to the people and the world to North Korea! A
Orange Pinocchio was playing golf and tweeting, all he does. A daily embarrassment to Americans.
God bless Barbara  Bush.
Mumbling to the floor/wall/sky is a selfish inneffective placebo for the ignorant and cowardly. It suits you well.

I call him Brad Pitt Jesus.
@GOP more drunk driving, in Indiana v Florida this time. Would mother @SecondLady approve?
https://shareblue.com/luke-messer-indiana-senate-candidate-drunk-driving-convictions-dui/amp/#click=https://t.co/ELdYxAFoLl …
The lady who said YOUR President was disgusting and dangerous?
yes.

Hallelujah!
It is understandable why @POTUS @realDonaldTrump didn’t attend the funeral of former First Lady Barbara Bush. But it’s not clear why the @VP didn’t. Should have been there with @FLOTUS. Want answers. Calling his office next week. #BarbaraBushFuneral

NASA has a climate denier in-charge and he reports directly to Mike Pence. That proves that republicans hate this planet. And, whether they realize it or not, they hate themselves. Science always wins over bullshit! 
....................
Amen

N Korea says it will shut down its nuke program and meet with Pres Trump. Who is most responsible for this sudden change? #tcot #P2

Your religion will not save you from your complicity
Pray hard.
Didn’t want you there either
Yes indeed praying for bush family
#treason
Oh the lilacs look beautiful! here in Andover Minnesota we still have snow on the ground too much, but it's a nice day hopefully it will soon melt
You mean First Lady?!
Empty words, empty suit. You must have seen the disgraceful behavior of your Master
God bless a satanic creature?? Nice one
She will always be a First Lady where as you will be only second and hopefully just 1 time!!!!!!!!
May she rot in hell

You make me sick, and Im a conservitive. Please move to Israel and be with your criminal friends
Credit brick house Kemosabe 4 outreach path by cola La Primavera range lotto Bingo 20 effort section 8
She's going to heaven pence ,unlike you ,
Amen!
God already has Mike
couldn't bring yourself to attend the funeral service though.  disgusting.
FUN FACT: @realDonaldTrump is the only American President to play golf during Barbara Bush’s funeral.

Via @TeaPainUSA
did she have any vegan food we can eat in her name?
The VP usually attends these types of things when the Pres is unavailable. Still waiting to hear why you & 2nd Lady didn’t go with the 1st Lady Melania. #BarbaraBush
Thank you for sharing that story with us today. Amazing how a person can make an impact on so many different ways. Even in flowers!
love lilacs! Love that you connected them to the memory of sweet and strong Barbara Bush. Such a legacy!
More of your bullshit thoughts and prayers.
https://www.scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits … Not an opinion just documents including affidavits by the plaintiff and eyewitness in the rape case filed against TRUMP, which was withdrawn 11/4/16, after they received many threats, after @lisabloom's computers were hacked. Was Maria age 12 murdered?
Really nice
She was an awsome American! You are a backward thinking American embarrassment. History will not be kind to you. 
The problem with politicians like Pence is that they believe they can pick and choose which rights they defend and which they trash. Either you believe in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights or you don’t, and quite frankly if you don’t believe in the legitimacy and sacredness
Pence Mammon. John 5:22

Flowers Barbra Bush  HAD planted. Now that was a real personal sacrifice! I bet she Had  a lot of things done for her over the years.
Yes, WE JOIN WITH YOU!
From broadcasting thoughts to forced orgasm: US ‘remote mind control’ docs accidentally released.

???
You are just as weak as Trump. The  Bush's don't support you nor Trump

.  2nd Lady Karen .  I could just hear . Barbara , say to you and smile about the flowers she planted .  Dear Karen ,  Bloom where you are planted.  In memory of a Lady who had JOY in her heart always positive .
Very gracious of you Mrs. Pence!
BS.

US will say they saved the world’ while peaceful Russian approach on N. Korea won
Amen
https://www.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/videos/10156348434688281/ …
R.I.P Barbara Bush. You will seek comfort in the Lord. Your beautiful Angel wings lets you fly through Heaven where all is glorious and beautiful. 
Thank you for turning our hearts to truths far more important than our favorite hobby—politics
You're welcome precious dear. 
Now can you call @POTUS and himself have 12 hours of silence?  We’d prefer 7 years, but will take 12 hours of his own reflection.  If you can’t, you aren’t any use either
Tell your boss.  I don't think he is aware.
Trump went golfing.

Don’t you have any real work to do? Seems like all you ever do is pray.
She was appalled by your standing beside a dishonorable man in the oval
Who are you praying to? God or your deity - Trump?

Ugh the fact that someone in power believes in  an imaginary sky god is very scarey....

Ears are different
While the president disgraces himself, his administration and the whole country on Twitter. What say you @VP?
I saw a picture of a beautiful bowl full of those in the White House under her portrait yesterday. Now I understand the connection. A lovely tribute.
Yes, the WH staff loved the Bushes; they placed the flowers there.
Bush doesn t like you so stop the crap
She loathed what you did to her party and you know it.
#betterbunnybook
Sorry!! Even this rings false and insincere!!  #fake vpresident

We love you @VP @SecondLady . Thank you for your hard work! What a life you’ll look back on someday.
I never had an opportunity to meet First Lady Barbara Bush, but I did hear what a Wonderful Person she was from a few in the old 81st SPS. RIP BEAUTIFUL.
They are lovely!
I am so thankful that God has graced our country with amazing women of God like Barbara Bush & You. I am Praying for You. 
God bless you sir 
.@VP You do know #Barbara Bush hated #DonaldTrump right? #trumpdumpcare #Resistance #Emma4Change #FBR
Show some respect and go to the funeral

Barbara Bush went home.  Her family will miss her but I hope they also celebrate her arrival at her final destination.
Our prayers with the Bush family
Pray for the victims of GOP gun fanatic laws. ANOTHER high school shooting in FL!  Thank you NRA thank you Republicans how many MORE killers will your policies unleash? Too much blood on all your hands.
God bless the bush family today as they grieve their loss. Thank you for honoring mrs bush in this way!
This Administration is unbelievable! And what is your excuse for not going to the funeral, disgusting
I'm just real worried about George HW Bush after being with Barbara for 70 years and holding her hand for the last 20 hours of her life he just may want to give up
Hey Mikey - you might wanna let liddle Donnie know that today is a day of remembrance, and that he might wanna lay off of spewing hate and give his guilty conscience a day of rest
It’s sad how our “President” isn’t going to the funeral. No morals!
My favorite. Miss them here in the south. 
Hope You Both Have A Great Weekend. I’m A Proud New York Republican-Magnificent President Trump Voter. Had The Honor Of Being There Went President Trump Name You as His Running-Mate. Head of Suffolk County Republican Ask Me I want To Be There.
Mr. Vice-President:  Please enjoy your religious beliefs in private. You can share them with your family and friends if you’d like. But this is America and religious freedoms—including the freedom not to believe—are protected for all. Stop proselytizing......
Thank goodness he never will. He is free to express his beliefs.
Why did Manafort choose you?
Stop touching those lilacs Karen. Now they're going to die. Way to go you psycho religious cunt!
Pharisee
Thoughts only come with gunfire for white holy rollers, it seems.  That's right...I went there. HOLY ROLLERS! 

Like Jesus himself, #holyrollers have arisen once again to remind us they are the opposite of Christ. Following a demagogue to hell.

@RepMimiWalters #CA45 #wheresMimi
You might want to pray for Trump too Mikey. 
It seems something on his conscience is eating him up, like some sort of demons within. 
I don't think he can sleep nights 

He needs to cleanse his soul. 
Confess his sins. 
Leave office and go to jail.
Trump still never acknowledge the man that got burned in the Trump Towers who the hell was he, did he mean to kill this man?
Religious people are weird....
They are my favorite Spring Flower, Mrs. Bush may have loved: "When Lilacs in the Dooryard Bloomed" written for Abraham Lincoln.  I have planted lilacs wherever I have lived, & I always think of that beautiful poem.
Dios bendiga sr vicepresident, soy cristiano n ecuador y a su vez policía n ecuador el motivo de escribirle s saber si m pueden ayudar para poder aplicar a la policía de cualquier estado e los estados unidos admiro  l país y sobre todo las leyes y m gusta cuidar d la ciudadanía
There is no better ying and yang in such an important position that works as well as you the President. Piece,strength, compassion, and tough decision making that flows from this administration. The world has noticed, and you never disappoint
What are you praying for? Legit question. BB lived a long, full life. You should be happy for her.
Why aren’t you going to the service?
Pray for yourself! You have a lot to answer for when you meet your maker.
She was a great first lady followed by Laura Bush followed by Melania .   #MAGA
Oh the fake Christian raises his head again

We all know about you

Russia/Koch puppet
43 
I'm in complete shock the lilacs aren't wilting and recoiling from her touch, you know, like your penis when it nears lady nethers.
Had to unblock vp to c what u were responding to. Lilacs look like plastic replacements!  

