President Trump supports a strong military, now just get over it.
your not actually serious are you?????
Afraid so....there are people in this world that can't think properly nor be compassionate on a human level. #BeBetter
RIP Jennifer.
Your boss and his administration's personal conduct have made the US a joke to the rest of the world.
Ass. It’s time to acknowledge their leadership has been historically amazing. Give up the sour grapes already! So tired of hearing it. Focus and keep it relevant. Sad loss  Accolades to the professional piloting skills that minimized what could have been much more devastating!
thank you and amen!!!
Salute to Tammy Jo.
If she is not a American Hero then I don't know what one looks like. God Bless her. The right person at the right time!
Prayers.
Why do people have to die for you to notice?
You have obviously never taken the time to get to know your @VP He is  great human being and cares about the human condition. I am a proud Hoosier each time I see him working for the American people. #TakeTimeToUnderstand
30 #Veterans NEEDLESSLY die daily
a new hero.
Perhaps haps a new movie? #MoreHerosNeeded
Jennifer Riordan 
She is a real hero VP-Pence.  My unending and eternal admiration and respect for Captain Shults
I, my daughter, and all of America are in deep gratitude for your heroism and your service to our country. May the lord be with you, and all of our uniformed servicemen. Our thoughts are with you.
Your push to de-regulate killed her. Liar.
PowerPrayers
Im so saddened to hear of such a great loss.  She was no doubt a big big encouragement to so many women,  and men.  She will be missed.  Rest in peace.
Well done. We have trained the best of the best. Congratulations.
you sure can tell who is on the left in these comments.  a women saved a bunch of people and was told how great she handled the situation. all they can do is whine and cry.   u cant make this up.
Haha your avatar is that of a child with a riffle, and you’re pointing out cliché characteristics of the left? Laughable.
What's a riffle? #NoGunSense
What about the man who covered the hole?
most likely was picked on at some point for being big, but willing to block the window with his life to protect the rest of the passengers. he is a true hero as well.  why has nobody interviewed him?
They have....low key press wants to concentrate on the tragedy, not the heroics by all.
Thank VP that’s means I’m in office Congress looking forward to see you conselution
She is a HERO God BlessAmen
A true hero!  A woman this time!
Nous sommes attristés et de tout cœur avec vous.
Hi
God Bless this fine lady.
An engine blew up, she landed the plane as trained, she did her job. Why are people getting awards for doing what they are trained to do in the first place? I deliver my load as a trucker without incidents every day. Where's my trophy?? She simply did her job.
And first F 18 jet fighter pilot to be a Women and a American patriot hero! God bless her
There were two pilots in that cockpit, sir. Let's see the bio for the First Officer.
Agree
@SouthwestAir please tell Captain Shults she is a remarkable aviator handling the engine loss & depressurization, but her compassion in talking to each passenger and witnessing for Christ make her exemplary. #ThankYou  Great training @USNavy !  #fb
Bravo @Tammy Jo  Shults. A hero!

Wow! Heroine? Save others is best way to realize self salvation. Currently unavailable for me to support you in business, in future.

. @VP "Saddened by the tragic loss of.... What was his name again? Oh! Her name. Reardon? Just give me the macro. Saddened by the tragic loss of [insert victim's name here]..."
I want her 
She's a bad ass!
What an amazing strong woman! 
I salute you Captain!
American Hero
Empty crap blah blah blah blah blah
#resign #PenceKnew
By your thoughts she should be home pregnant in the kitchen. You are a fool pence.
I don’t know if y’all heard the audio of Tammy’s conversation w the Tower. This is one cool, calm, collected woman.  An awesome job woman, awesome job.
God is watching you and you will be judged for using good name in vane
But you wouldn't fly in the cockpit alone with her....
Everyone still hates you
Christ, Mike. You couldn't care less about any of these people. Shut the fuck up.
She has my vote for a medal, hero, & future movie
On this, we are in complete agreement.  Captain Shults is a hero.  Her calm professionalism under the most stressful of situations is to be commended.  She saved nearly 150 lives.  

Ms. Riordan's family and friends are in our thoughts and prayers.  May they know peace.
Onion Head
Yes, God bless her and her family and God bless our hero

Praying for her family and friends. And thankful that women are allowed to be pilots and thankful Tammie Jo was at the helm on this day!
Southwest Airlines pilot Tammie Jo Shults, along with First Officer Darren Ellisor, said in a statement Wednesday night that when they landed safely on flight 1380 on Tuesday they were just doing their job. (We Navy)
Thank you for mentioning the FO. No airline cockpit is single pilot. He did just as much (probably more) work as the Captain.
Thank you for your kind words... however late they are.

Salute to the top officer on deck!!
Go electro-shock your genitals godboy.
Just go back to your closet until they need to roll you out.
Yes heartbreaking for her family
Yes you’re right! People!
