I’m sure @NASA is proud to have its first anti-science administrator.
Under Jim Bridenstine, @NASA rockets will be powered by Christian thoughts and prayers.
BRIDENSTINE: “Mr. Speaker, global temperatures stopped rising 10 years ago. Global temperature changes, when they exist, correlate with Sun output and ocean cycles.”

This man leading NASA is a travesty.
“Scientific evidence for warming of the climate system is unequivocal.”

- Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
“Most of the warming occurred in the past 35 years, with 16 of the 17 warmest years on record occurring since 2001.”

- NASA

https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/ 
We The Poles needs your Voice!Please sign a Petition and Help us! We the Ruch11/11 are strong blocked! Your Voice is imortant! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …
The man doesn’t even believe in science.
The newest UNQUALIFIED member of the Trump administration.
NASA deserves better and has had much better.
Mr Vice President please stick to science and not faith.
How is he qualified? Do you not know that NASA is, like 100% about science?
No one Cares Mike. My mom just better not lose her job simply because this guy has no idea what he’s doing.


Congrats on keeping your solid streak of appointing non qualified people.
Does it make you proud to swear-in an unqualified person?


Can’t wait to see NASA become as aggressive as the old NASA! Thank you VP Pence!
Why would anyone want to listen  to Pence about anything!
Voyage to the bottom of the sea
Too scared of science to nominate someone qualified, huh Kochhead?

#ImpeachTrumpNow
A leadership that doesn't want to explore space isn't much of a leadership
We need to kick all of u out of the White House

When is your one way shuttle scheduled to leave Pence? 

Can this love struck vp ever not kiss trump’s ass on his tweets. Please grow a pair and stop loving his.
Nice gift for him on #WorldBookDay2018 would be "Science for Dummies", "NASA, what do they do?", "Space Exploration 101" and for you "How not to think about being alone with a male astronaut on a long long long trip to Mars"
@voxdotcom @DavidCornDC @maddow @CNN Pence should be ashamed of himself swearing in a most unqualified person to run NASA. NASA has been our pride in space and scientific endeavors. Bridenstine knows nothing about science. The GOP is sabotaging America!
Awesome!! USA!!
This man is not qualified and is a disgrace.
Congratulations @RepJBridenstine !
stop swearing on my christian server
#PenceKnew

Waffle House hero James Shaw Jr in case you haven't been told
ya and  trump Arse my wet dream KolBi 69
Yet another unqualified person in charge of a government entity. No background in science at all. You know science, that's the stuff that's true whether you believe it or not.
We dont have the money for space exploration.

Does President Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize after getting North Korea to shut down their missile tests?
I have a number of friends who work at NASA. Many, many NASA professionals are disheartened and ashamed that this totally unqualified dipshit has been named to lead NASA. Another shameful, unqualified toadie named to a post for which he or she is unqualified. Trump must go.
Vegas over/under is 9 mos. I'll take the under.
Where is the funding?
Did Mother let you out of the closet so you could go today
I am surprised someone like you mike, who believes the earth is flat, is interested in space leadership.
Another one
Jim Bridenstine -- climate change denier and anti-science guy. Brilliant choice to head NASA!
Thank you, Mr. Vice President.

This is HUGE!  Michael Flynn Jr. just tweeted that his father, Michael Flynn, didn't lie to Mike Pence or anyone on the Transition team about his meetings.  THAT MEANS that Mike Pence and Donald Trump lied, and Pence knew about the meetings after all! https://twitter.com/mflynnJR/status/988429093866786817 …
You still good with Donnie Two Scoops?  Looks like he is a real horn dog.
Trump accuser Jessica Drake backs Stormy Daniels claim that she was threatened with violence. 
 
Drake and her lawyer @GloriaAllred join @AriMelber…
Mike see if NASA will check out the space between trumps left ear and right ear. Never been explored.
Another unqualified person like you and lying Trump.
Sorry, but every time you say this #climatechange denier's name, all I hear in my head is #BrideOfFrankenstein

#ClimateAction 
#ClimateChangeIsReal
Everyone knows u pence wants to be president. U can't announce u r running cause 45  thinks he's gonna run again. Muller knows that so he will prolong the investigation until he knows it's 2 late for u 2 put your name n the hat, & then he will take 45 down.
Read the announcement. Not being sworn in as chief scientist.  The Administrator. 

I know you hate President Trump,it seems to the destruction of the United States.
What a travesty to have a person with such poor scientific creds lead this proud agency. Your blustery PR about this fail is just more evidence that you’re #Irrelevant
Something tells me NASA is going into the hunt for heaven business.


Let’s hope that this appointee isn’t a crook like all the others.
Did Mother give her blessing on our #Spaceforce? We really need Mother's blessing.
My sincere condolences and sympathy to the fine
people of NASA for the dismal future they face under @RepJBridenstine and the virulently anti-science @realDonaldTrump administration.
How wonderful, as we fall further and further behind in sincere because of dark age thinkers like, Pence, we swear in man who is not a scientist and is also a dark age thinker for NASA head.  Brilliant what could go wrong? Everything.
Absolutely pathetic, like all the cabinet members.
What a sad day that we have sunk this low.


Pence believes the earth is 3000 years old, and humans rode on dinosaurs. Bridenstine isn't qualified to be a buss boy at NASA. This whole charade is embarrassing to the USA. #russianpuppetregime

Jim Bridenstein:  Alexa, what is NASA?
Sperm in space! 

What a joke, just like the rest of the Trump administration. Not a qualification in his body for this position.
You and your lying boss #LyingDonaldTrump lie too much to be called truthful.

It is disgusting !

#TrumpLyingEnablers #TrumpTaxScam
Hard to run nasa if font believe in science. Another great trump guy

Let's hope and pray he is a good leader who knows how to learn from those that know what NASA is all about.
Linda I hope so, too. I sent him a long letter about climate change today.
@voxdotcom @DavidCornDC @maddow @CNN Mike Pence is shameful as well as Trump for allowing this 'non-science' person to take over the Mose science focused organization in America. Truly the most unqualified person to run NASA ever.  The GOP is working daily to sabotage America!
Science is bull crap, for sale to the highest bidder. Just lies fed to the sheep. Remember 9 out of 10 doctors smoke luckey strike...!!
NASA Administrators, by background
-Griffin: Physicist / aerospace engineer (2005-2009)
-Bolden: Major General & NASA astronaut (2009-2017)
-Lightfoot Jr.: Test engineer / Director of Marshall Space Center (acting, 2017-18)
-Bridenstine: Congressman, climate change denier (2018–)
A new Era of American space leadership headed by a leader who has no familiarity with NASA and no  experience leading such an effort. Tell me, what exactly are we celebrating?
You and Trump don't believe in science. Get your tomfoolery out of the White House
. @VP @NASA @POTUS I guess it never occurred to the administration to pick a new leader for NASA from NASA employees. There are many, many top scientists there who are a million times more qualified for the job. But then, NASA wouldn't tank, which is the real goal, right?

. @VP @NASA @POTUS Climate change is a thing. Say it with me now: Climate change is a thing.

Science over religion. Facts over myths. Critical thinking over blind devotion.

Don't agree? Then you're hardly the people to bet in charge.
The United States needs a new, reusable space vehicle that uses a reusable rocket launch system that could be used to take us to the moon, mars, Titan, Io, Europa and and beyond the solar system without the need to utilize launch platforms.
It is information for all .
MFLYNNJR
@mflynnJR
·
American Patriot @GenFlynn did not lie to Pence (or anyone else in the admin) about his perfectly legal and appropriate conversations w Russian AMB Kislyak in Dec 2016.  

@VP you may want to look into this... just sayin'
Swears in?
Sr. Con la Nasa desde que comenzó la administración de el presidente Trump ya somos Líderes en el espacio 
Translation- hiring this unqualified idiot is a tacit admission that as far as space is concerned, Putin is our new commander

It'd be nice if they put you in a rocket and shot you off into space.
The director who doesn’t believe in climate change. 
@nasa is now led by a climate change denying politician... #progress #WarOnScience
How about a head that has a science background running nasa?
Americans doubt you are serious about our space program as your pick to lead it is woefully lacking in science education.  What an insult to NASA, our programs and those it serves. Resign!
You're weird
How embarrassing for him
Yeah! Another fuckall with no experience. Raping the planet one confirmation at a time.
The fu@king of NASA will now begin

@CongPalazzo @NASA @POTUS I’m sure he’ll be as good for NASA as your bigoted cornpone ass is for gay rights.
Fantastic!
Nothing about the four people murdered via AR15 in TN? Nothing?
To bad you and POTUS are on the dark side of the force
How do you and your shill  plan to destroy NASA?
Welcome would be more appropriate Statement today Live : @cnn @cnni @realdonaldtrump @WhiteHouse, seriously !
Before our first work meetings, let’s have a walk on Washington’s streets. 
The future of space travel is private business. NASA is just going to thumb a ride to mars from @elonmusk
Mr. Pence, what do you think about Stormy and Spanky D?
Douchebag
@NASA @JimBridenstine Another Trump pick that was hired to destroy the agency they lead -- Bridenstine is a science and climate change denier -- NASA is science -- it is one of the leaders in studying climate change ...
Really now
Your zipper is open

This is the idiocracy
Pence
Oh, you mean yet another unqualified HACK?!
#Liar
Swearing in a man who has no science background, no aerospace training, who denies climate change, and who clearly hates America. Good job, trump!
If you electro-shocked your genitals in space would your invisible space wizard exist?
Are you going to start Space Force?
Still waiting to hear some words of praise for James Shaw, Jr.
Hard pass.
Gonna take a hard pass, Mike. This guy is a moron, and he's definitely not a rocket scientist. He's barely got a degree. 

It's almost like you and your Pappy think America is a joke, and you're trying to destroy it.
I’m at work so not watching and don’t care because he will be fired soon

Another step in the dumbing down of America.
Shut up Pence.
What do you have to say about the Waffle House shooter?
public Money shall be published from time to time. No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of
