The new director of lies and cinematography?
We went from a former astronaut with an MS to a former museum director with an MBA. He is, however, an Eagle scout, so I will cut him a break.
Still more qualified than Betsy DeVos. Also, shouldn’t you be at work?
It's a shame he has zero experience with anything even tangentially related to running NASA...
It’s not experience that qualify!
Excuse me!!! Didn’t BARACK OBAMA change NASA’s mission to MUSLIM OUTREACH??? Don’t say no before you research1
@nasa- time to stage a walk out
Jim Bridenstine has NO SCIENTIFIC QUALIFICATIONS and he's overseeing NASA. Unbelievable and extremely sad for our great American space program.
What a sad day. This man does not belong anywhere near NASA or science. This is a sad day.
We’ll get there
Look folks! Here’s what the signature of a toady for a wannabe dictator looks like. Mark doesn’t have time for the concerns of NC11. His duty is to provide distraction for the corrupt POTUS.

Will he release the tapes of the faked moon landing?
Vote For Our President Trump in 2020 

Hey Mark! If Trump starts getting generous with his pardons, are you gonna suggest he pardon “patriot” and rescuer of unborn fetuses Eric Rudolph?
@tedcruz talks about #HarveyRecovery I however angrily recall his CONSTANT efforts to defund preventative measures
I am so happy to see our Space Program return! Congrats Jim Bridenstine! 

Congrats Jim...
And that was a mistake.
@preach499
Please support my GoFundMe campaign:
sad day for nasa
Congratulations to you and your family, Jim! A great day for NASA and the space program!
@JimBridenstine  please LISTEN to and HEAR what the people of @NASA tell you. The science and technology of the things they deal with is at times literally out of this . Please have an OPEN mind. Thank you and good luck sir.
What a terrible day for Nasa

So funny looking at this picM
Is he the guy who claims that there’s no human caused climate change?
Really? How confusing
This all should ave been done 4,000 yrs ago n jus imagine if we'd have  been enlightened as now 500 - 1000 years ago. Weve been blagged4  so  long tht the almighty ET GODS visitors from the sky n the human prophets  they indoctrinated created us. Silly humanoids we are not alone
Is cool, bro. Compared to who they swore in, that makes you not the nuttiest person in this tweet thread
Loony as they come me m8 but a veil of sanity to keep up appearences.
And so another incompetent person gets dumped into another position they have no business occupying!
So I'm confused.. this guy is a climate change denier but has supported bills that study the effects of climate change on military bases and for @NOAA to incorporate a wider data set into it's models... why? Why support those things when he doesn't believe there's a problem..???
Lucky 13! Glad we aren't superstitious, just superreligious!
May God be with him and guide and bless him!
Congratulations Mr jim
Bet Pence couldn't even name the nine classic planets.
Jim, you are the right man at the right time! Congrats!
and The worst pic ever taken award goes to...
This flurry of tweets praising political leadership comes off as obsequious, at best.  Please stop it. NASA is no one's cur.
Congratulations sir.
Yeah team!
I hope we send a lot of rockets to heaven to find Jesus!
MIKE?You have a FlynnFlameJR Problem brewing 
Another #Unqualified nomination....NASA and the Nation deserve better. #ClimateChangeIsReal #BeInconvenient #ClimateAction
Only downside to Trump impeachment would be this whackjob taking his place. Any way to get rid of both at once?
There's that new administrator who wants to make sure that the earth does not exist for the future of his three kids.  Hope none of them have chronic asthma.
They're going to change the name to NASJA, National Aeronautics and Space Jesus Administration.
You did nothing to earn this job. You'll have to work ten times harder to earn respect. You'll have to accept proven scientific facts that contradict your beliefs. Do this quickly with the whole world watching. You're there now so make us change our minds about you 

Watch your backs, protect your data.
So, are we going to change the info that comes from this totally corrupt place, or is it just a new face with the same lies? My money is on lies!

Does President Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize after getting North Korea to shut down their missile tests?
A sad day for NASA, space exploration and science. My condolences to NASA and the American people
He isn't qualified to be administrator
Thank you @VP @mike_pence @NASA @RepJBridenstine is a good guy @kelliwardaz and I have had enough of @SenBillNelson's political crap. Go get him @FLGovScott that was ridiculous.
Another unqualified and ridiculous appointment!
Sad day
How did this happen? The guy knows nothing. And he's famous for using his non profit for himself. What the hell is going on here?
So help me God?
Is that book...? Just curious.

He's a know nothing crook....the usual for this administration.
Wow! That is absolutely terrible!
Congratulations! To you and to all at @NASA we appreciate what you smart people do there and we trust you appreciate us too and take good care of us.

With zero qualifications. Typical of corrupt #TrumpGOP.
Your new boss is a climate change denier. Hail Hydra.
"Mr. Speaker, the President’s dishonesty, incompetence, vengefulness and lack of moral compass lead many to suggest that he is not fit to lead." Seems like it fits you now @JimBridenstine I hope you stub your big toe every day for the rest of your life
#sad
Its amazing to me that in the 21st century you can still find people who are in complete denial of easily demonstrated scientific principles. Science will advance rapidly of course, unfortunately it will be in Beijing, Paris, London, Bonn, Tokyo, & not here.
Congratulations Jimbo! Just goes to show that it's not what you know but who you know that counts! #theswampsgettindeeper
In this admin the the less you know the better.
ALL of @NASA along with the @CIA needs to be shattered into a thousand pieces and scattered into the winds.
. @nasahqphoto @NASA @VP Another unqualified trump nominee who will just destroy the department, which is the real plan, isn't it?

There are many qualified people ALREADY IN THE DEPARTMENT who could have been placed in that position.

What an insult to them all.
First thing he going to do is send Alice to the moon....
@NASA are you really happy, cause we aren't? I see a picture of two unqualified, corrupted and stupid politicians, whos gonna ruin the science.
Most unfortunate. My sincerest condolences.
Another Best that trump can do. Watch out mike pence, trump might have to blame you if anything goes wrong with this know nothing clown. But I guess he swore allegiance to trump that is all that matters Huh?
Awesome job Mr VP Pence God bless you.
MAGA
Another Oklahoman mistake like Scott Pruitt... but then again anything that comes from the likes of @GovMaryFallin is corrupt and wrong. Mattress Mary Fallin will hike her skirt up for anything that’s immoral and will make her money #SoldYourSoulsForAVote
Time to proof Earth is flat.
Then build a wall to stop aliens from Moon. They will pay for it...
If Moon exists...
Well, NASA, you had a good run.
At least the little girl wasn't being felt up by creepy old Joe while her dad was being sworn in.
Homophobe!
NASA is 100% Science "partially embraced by republicans".. Republicans pick and choose what science they have derived from NASA intelligence. Mike Pence is dumber than he looks. But we all know who brought him on board, dumbass Trump.
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Good job.
Pence = 
NASA.... Blink twice if you need us to go get you. Remember, you deserve better and it's not your fault!

What an effin' mistake this is. What new madness? A man who doesn't believe in science swearing in a man that doesn't believe in climate change. #Resist
Watch out Trump, he's at it again.  Stealing your spot light.  First little tweets, then official government business.  Now this new exposure of him actually doing something.  Do you still think your claim to fame will be tweeting and playing golf. He's out to get your job Trump!
This all feels like satire but unfortunately it is not. My hat goes off to all qualified people at NASA who were passed over for this guy.
What a depressing scene.
Awesome! Congratulations
Each of those kids probably knows more about science than their ignorant father.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Bridenstine?wprov=sfti1 …
well i liked NASA until this joke came along..
I pray Mr. Bridenstine is up for task of helping release to the people of this world FULL COMPLETE DISCLOSURE

#GodBless
#FreedomForAll
#FullDisclosureNow
#TheGreatAwakening
#QAnon
Keep everything in prayer

All the best for this very important position.
Let's usher in the New Dark Ages with climate change denier at the head of NASA jim bridestine ...unbelievable disappointment.
Hey I built a fake wall. Lol
The new administrator was overhead asking anyone what those bright lights in the photos behind him were and how he could obtain a necklace made from them for his wife.
Well it was a good run NASA .
#disgrace
Galaxy looks good !
Does he know which way is up!
Deep Space Exploration awaits ... @esa etc ~ @albertfeynman 888
What a sad day
Pence might as well become an Astronaut and move in NASA with his wife and a tickle feather. FBI knows Quantum of Solace. Going Stag beating around the Bush. Whip it good!
I'm sorry NASA I know u don't rlly have a choice in the matter, good luck guys, keep developing that escape route to gliese 581
Intellectually indolent white supremacists have somehow taken control of America and now have their sights set on space. Le sigh...
hope he remains in office longer than anthony scaramucci
Earn $400+up mo just driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving with an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income with our small, see thru ads on your back window. Drivers wanted for local /national campaigns
Hey, NASA!  Looks like you been hacked!
Propaganda has no place in Scientific Space!
creationism vs. climate skepticism
HELL YEAH
An embarrassment.
How soon before NASA stops doing Earth science? What's the schedule for abandoning climate monitoring?
#lostinspace
Sad day for @NASA & science.
Why would that be?

What an embarrassment
I don't know what the hell he is gonna with NASA, especially with Earth Science Program.
If he really cared about NASA and humankind, he wouldn't deny climate change.
Sorry @NASA
I would say he couldn't be less qualified for the job, but @BetsyDeVosED (no meaningful qualification) , @SecretaryPerry @energy (first  without a science degree), @SecretaryCarson @hud (never run a large org, neptotism), and @EPAScottPruitt(destroying earth & corrupt), and Trump
They wouldn't know what to do without nepotism.
Vote Beto!
Geeze, and I was just going to complain that the gift shop was unexpectedly closed...
I offer my apology on behalf of Oklahoma. For what that is worth. Ugh.
Boo, hiss to this.
A sad day for science and the Earth
Bye Bye NASA, time to let Elon carry the torch.
