Thank you President @realDonaldTrump !!
You’re going to screw it up, and you know it
This is very good news.  Please stick to news like this.
Yeah but....
Love and gratitude to you President Trump! 
Cohen is flipping on you. You're going to jail.
You look like the dude from south park *pls dont kill mhe
Not as much as I am looking forward to your resignation or indictment
So, North Korea is stopping all nuclear tests and closing a (singular) nuclear site...what about the stockpile of nukes? Why would NK need to test nuclear weapons when they already have them and they've already tested them?
Thank you president trump
Its the biggest good news of the present time.
Something’s not kosher about this. My BS flags are flyin’ at full staff. 

Nobel Peace Prize
I heard the audio from your Forbes phone call in the early 80s (thanks, WaPo!)... you are the ultimate con man, “John Barron.” Now you’ve conned your way into the White House. But just u wait... KARMA IS A BITCH, sir.
And so are you
This is what we call WINNING! Thank you President Trump for making the world a safer place! #MAGA 
Best president ever.

Bravo. Barry was the worst president in the history of the United States and that includes the peanut farmer
No me la chupes
Fantastic NEWS!!! 
Yaaa! We knew you could do it President Trump along with Mike Pompeo. 
God is good! Thank you! We love you and Q!
Thank you, Mike Pompeo!
Only collusion was by the Democrats.
#Maga 
#QAnon 
#Treason 
#Obamaisafraud 
#ObamaWorstPresidentEver

说明朝鲜已经掌握核技术了
More likely it means that Kim poisoned a big chunk of his own country with ionizing radiation...
Amazing!  #trump2999
Good initiatives
Nobel Peace prize is in order.
You’re the man...
... who gets peed on by Russian hookers.
Your Royal Highness, Mr. President Trump... 
Hmmmmmm ...... Kim Jong Un is a North Korean leader that his heredity leadership was hostile to South Korea, a man who carried out a cruel execution of his own family members, a man who often provide threats about "NUCLEAR WEAPONS" to the world!
Do you @realDonaldTrump know what causes Kim Jong Un suddenly SENT HIS SISTER KIM YO JONG to the Winter Olympics & sat right behind South Korean President, suddenly Kim Jong Un has done peace with South Korea, suddenly Kim Jong Un has stoped the threat of nuclear weapons??????
THE CAUSE THAT WAS MY TWITT TO YOU PRESIDENTS @realDonaldTrump ABOUT MY PERSONAL IDEAS; HOW THE MOST GENIUS WAY TO DEFEATED KIM JONG UN AND TO STOPED THE NUCLEAR WEAPON PROPAGANDA TO THE UNITED STATES AND TO THE WORLD! 
When the world feels frustrated and surrendered waiting for Kim Jong Un's time will really pierce his nuclear weapons that could have continued on the outbreak of World War III, SO AT THE SAME TIME WITH THE POWER OF BHAGAVADGITA, I TOLD THE "GENIUS SECRET" TO YOU @realDonaldTrump
GENIUS
THANK YOU KING TRUMP
Ewwww  TrumpAndTwoTarts  I prefer my pinned one 
If Crooked Hillary were elected President, we'd all be speaking Korean by now
President Trump is not only the most successful business man in history, he's also the most successful diplomat in history
Even coffee shop hipster liberals are marveling at President Trump's success with North Korea
No we are not
THIS IS PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
This is....Idiots Supporting a Dotard.
And that makes you...
#MAGA !!!


Drain It!!!



DRAIN
THE
DEEP
STATE!!!
Full disclosure: what was promised? What was given?
Right? Did Putin call off NK because DJT won’t enforce sanctions? And what authority does Pompeo have? On a secret mission? 
Uh huh.  Live in delusion land lady. Pompeo already met with them.  Deal is already done.
Havent been paying very close attention have you?
Exactly it is a good news!
Barack Obama: How can this be!
They’re saying Nobel Prize for Trump and Rodman!
Iran next!
Hate to break it to you but...
The major site collapsed, due to the nuclear testing.  North Korea is giving nothing.
This is false. There’s new tunnels that have been board. This was an anti trump narrative that has been flared around.

They said they no longer need to do the tests,  and to paraphrase, that Mission Accomplished 

They did not say they would suspend for you,  for peace,  for the meeting. 

Reading
It's important
No you are paraphrasing.  Pompeo already met with them deal is done. Iran is next-then @realDonaldTrump  nobel peace prize.  And more lib tears.

Sad.

‘Huge Win For President Trump’ #CNN speechless 
Only Donald Trump could freak out two countries, separated for years, into joining forces making a new superpower united with nuclear capabilities and more powerful together. Thanks
#winning #trump2020  #MAGA2020
Release  and  prisoners FIRST then meet.
Please make releasing  n Japan  prisoners condition to even meet with you Mr Trump
I totally agree!
What else were they going to do. The site is radio active, now that is a bad dael.
Mr.President, それぐらいでは、まったく足りません。相手が誰だかご存知の筈でしょう？
Well done 
Sugi pula
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Of course
That's because your handler (Putin) told him to be good for a while.

The test site collapsed, dude. They also wanted nukes for protection from invasion/getting nuked, not to start an "un-winnable" war...

The one president in my 62-year lifetime who truly deserves a #NobelPeacePrize but won't get one. Just as well, since all major prizes have become a laughingstock of meaninglessness. LET'S START OUR OWN SERIES OF PRIZES AND KEEP THEM REAL!
Hi @realDonaldTrump,

I truly hope you stay out of it, the people there seem to be doing a great job without you messing it up.
But taking credit for things he had little to nothing to do with is his signature move...
That’s true! Maybe we can convince him to instead take credit for inventing cupcakes.
I'm surprised that he hasn't already
What exactly has he done to turn us into a dictatorship?  Corrupted the FBI, DOJ?  Wait, that was obama. Sold uranium mines to Russia?  Oops, Clinton. Facts are NOT on your side.
Blah blah blah....
That was already well underway, thanks to @BarackObama’s (#pbuh) hard work. You had nothing to do with it.
What ? North korea was laughing at Obomber and never once made any kind move towards peace while we had that lame duck that president.
Behind the scenes there was deals being made. What would you know, you aren’t on any committees.
Behind the scenes deals that Obomber never mentioned at all ? Yeah that sounds like another fabrication to add the mythology that the left has built around Obomber.
Well he didn’t finalize it until last week. Trump has been complicating matters with all his table rattling.
is it not passed your dead time ..i mean bed time?
Lmaoooo
she just wants my dick that crazy fuck
He's stopped testing becauae he already has the capability.  Idiots!
How  about  Russia   f  united States  you scared  Putin  ??  Go bomb  close  100 miles  one military bases  there  tonight
Hey Asshole, North Korea is suspending tests because of this. You’re a fucking idiot.
Mr. President we should be more cautious. This statement sounds too good to be true
There’s a lot more to the whole thing. Like denuclearisation. They don’t do that. Then once sanctions are lifted its back to threatening and bullying.
NK stopped tests because they are no longer needed. All systems are ready to go. The "major test site" was already destroyed by the last test it held.
Russia owns you
Wow that is what we call a dumb comment!
Had nothing to do with you
Concerned that NK doesn’t do what they say and doesn’t say what they do.
Stay vigilant, you never know when someone is trying to pull the wool over your eyes. Hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
Excel job @POTUS

滚你麻痹
I always thought Kim was a nice bloke really #croak
Que pena
Anybody else think it’s weird that after the North Korea leader went to China, he’s been put in line. Somethings going on, a tiger doesn’t turn into a kitten over night.

First step forward. However, the ability to skip nuclear ballistic missiles is retained.
My God! Is the BEST THING THAT HAS HAPPENED IN YEARS!!!... where's the PRESS ON THIS???
oh, I forgot.. it's not Obama who did this so the Media is ignoring it= HIPOCRYTES!!
God bless you Mr. Presedant ! Keep going strong in the TRUETH. You're a great blessing for unborn children and for the SOUL Of USA.
4 administration couldn't accomplish what you have in your first two years in office through your brilliant "Peace Through Strength" N.Korea giving up their Nuke program & China changing it's lopsided trade!
Thank You President Trump
Elect Republicans so Trump can do even more!
“Kim’s remarks made no commitment to give up the estimated 60 nuclear bombs and the unknown number of ICBMs he already has.” - Fortune magazine
Are you still here?
Still where?
What about Nancy admitting contact and visit to NK to sell them arms?
If it wasnt for you Mr president that would not be happening,,fantastic job yet again,, making good things happen to america and the world.
Trump fuelled the problem. South Korea fixed it.

China might've been the ones to broker the final deal but all of the appeasement and leg work was done by South Korea prior to the Winter Olympics. Unlike the provacative, war mongering, "diplomacy via twitter" coward you call President.
They’ve already done all their testing. This just buys them time.  It’s all a show !!!!!!! You are incredibly dense.  So much more complicated than you can comprehend.
If you get this deal done - your biggest ever - you deserve the Nobel Prize Mr President.  But of course, #MSM will just talk about #ComeyDaniels #MAGA
Why?
Awesome!
You lie
just don't turn your back on him!!! Hope for the best; prepare for the worst! <3 Well done, sir!
Welcome North korea to nuclear cominoty, of course they will close their test sites because they finished their nuclear  programme.
Too bad you didn’t tweet everything else in the past 48 hours..this might have a positive impact on our collective consciousness.
Nobody needs these 3rd-grade level recaps of what we can read about in  informed and exhaustive publications.  Who is so stupid as to need these?
Draft dodging, lying, two faced, paranoid, egotistical, sexing, condescending, crude, vulgar, son of a gun!
@Fallout fans everywhere: *sigh...*

Liar.
Big Deal!!! Thank God for President Trump!!!!!!#GPOAT!

Who ever talks anything about you Mr Donald Trump ! Your courage and tactfulness worked so nicely ! 
Wish you all the best with Future :)
This is the only thing I absolutely agree with you
Great work POTUS and foreign affairs team!
bring home the Hostages from N Korea

Is that Rosie O'Donnell's ass with Trump's face..?
Thanks mr Presidemt! We need your type in Nigeria and in the world.
Make the world great again and a safer place for all.
Are u beggin for visa?
Keep up the winning, TGIT MAGA
Great start. Build the wall now
Don’t let Kim off the hook for just acting nice! He MUST destroy ALL his Nukes and Missiles or be COMPLETELY DESTROYED!
A GREAT deal would be: Kim Destroys all Nukes/Missiles and agrees to end Korean War. We pull troops out of SKorea, End sanctions & Open Trade with USA
#MAGA
Great job Mr president
What are we paying them and giving them?
You were saying, ladies?
This is great!!!
Great news!
Thank you.  One more day alive.
May Almighty God be with you, President Trump
You are first president ever to make a real difference in the world! Everyday I so appreciate you are America’s champion!  #MAGA
Why follow something good up like this with your usual crazy bull shit drop this stuff here than be quiet for the love of life please
Wlcm sir
This has zero to do with you! Stop taking credit for the work of China and South Korea
Sir,Kim Jong Un has done all the testing to acquire a credible nuclear weapons system with missiles for delivery. Any reason why he should be testing now. That’s the reason your Republican predecessor left North Korea  alone while gunning for Saddam Hussein.
Fake news
Fake President
Wow so nice
36计之缓兵之计……
You should reward their step in the right direction; lift one sanction for each positive step.
Thank you @POTUS for being tough when other are being #STUPID
Just maybe we can be a world without Nuclear Weapons.
And yes we need to update our arsonal. 
Sounds like China and Russia are tightening their grip on you.  quid pro quo......
Just what will you do with the multiple Nobel Peace Prizes, your going to win? I never knew what obama did to get his. But if NK lays it down. It will be One of the century’s greatest Achievements. I was born on Ike’s Inauguration Day so USA has been at war every day of my life.
Smoke and mirrors. Is disarmament in the deal?
Demoncraps -- Caused this MESS. Trump FIXES IT! GO TRUMP!
Keep up the great work!
Thank goodness the democrats are working on this. Who knows where we would be if they weren’t. Oh that’s right the democrats are still working on Russian collusion that they had proof of a year ago. Good job dems!!
Hopefully he's not just stalling Mr. President. I don't trust that bastard.
Let's get it baby!
Praise God and @POTUS for this change. I pray for peace with North Korea and the world and between the two Koreas. I pray that some day they are one in peace and prosperity and are able to celebrate during the time of blossoms.
Yeah because he already has his nukes.
I mean, I've agreed to not buy anymore shoes. Doesn't mean the 108 pairs in my closet no longer exist or are no longer wearable.
I told you Mr un wouldn't attack the usa.
I feel the need to like this as positive reinforcement
Mr. President, you know how to get things done. I am so impressed! @VP @PressSec @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson
Thank you President Trump
Praise God 
They r liers
U are the Best President Ever
Great news!  I pray he’s NK is being truthful in the suspension!
It’s good news? Have you thought that they have competed the trsts they needed and don’t need to test anymore. Get them to dismantle what exists.

EDXSCFVGBHNJ
when you get there, remember to drink the koolaide!
I detest you, but I love watching the warmongering Democrats who are now itching for war with the DPRK because you are making progress they couldn't make under Obama. I wish you success here.

That came out during the Obama terms.

Hay dude read between the lines !
If this works out President Trump has to win a Nobel Prize
The haters will never give the President credit for anything, and therefore forfeit their credibility.
I don’t like Trump and there is tons of things he’s done that are horrible but I do give him credit where it’s due. It’s not here tho. He’s done close to nothing on NK
This is good @realDonaldTrump but don't fall for the same tricks North Korea has played on others in the past. Keep up maximum pressure and so not relent. Do what you know to do. Make a GOOD DEAL, but be prepared to be absolutely relentless if they try to play the U.S. for fools.
you are great!
Our President ,,,doing what he said
Very good for North Korea. Kim Jong-un pointed out that the American button is much more powerful than his. Congrats, Mr. President!
The summit is the result of South Korea and Japan and China convincing Kim that Trump is an unhinged danger to the world. If the summit happens, it's going to be hilarious seeing North and South Korea sharing the Nobel Peace Prize.  All Trump has provided is a common enemy.
All down to you Mr President
Shame you keep pissing off Russia
Nice! Well done to you both!
Sending good wishes and encouragement.
Praise from South Korea, 한국에서 축복합니다.
However, we much be aware that NK might be putting on another show like did in front of Clinton. Stupidly Clinton fell for it. We are hoping you will completely get rid of nuclear weapons. - From SK 
감사합니다 한국에서.
NK nuclear program is complete no need to test further !! They have developed fully functional hydrogen bomb and its delivery system to USA !! Lift all sanctions full diplomatic ties restored with North Korea asap !! The era of bullying ended ! Respect all governments system !!!
Respect a government that imprisons 3 generations of your Family for committing crimes against the state? Nah
Old Sarah Smith you just hate good news don't you.
President Donald Trump:  Thanks for how well you handled “rocket boy”.
.Kim revealed your ignorance AGAIN. From the "fire/furry" redline rhetoric-he rapidly passed them all-to agreeing to suspend testing for man made reasons-the testing site collapsed-not negotiations w/ deal oblivious you-toy w/ #sad ego get international recognition #MAGA #Resist
I don't trust any country run by dictator so you better watch him like a hawk
What did you do lucifer the 45th, buy off Kim Jong Un
日本のために。。
Congrats President @realDonaldTrump! This is indeed good news. It goes to show there is hope for peace. Diplomacy is still the best answer! #hopeful  #PeaceAdvocate
They agreed, or did they just announce it. And of course North Korea has been so forthright in the past. Be afraid, be very afraid, and don’t take credit for something that hasn’t happened yet
Note.  They said they “completed” their work and don’t need to test anymore.  They are not dismantling anything nor are they giving access to inspectors..
We are all going to die in an inarticulate ball of fire and radiation aren't we 
Check with the NRA on this if you don’t believe me. Nuclear weapons don’t kill people, people kill people. #RepubliCON
Al chile chinga tu madre trump
This is one of the most rewarding things for you and not for the world. If you do not find any country more advanced than you, this is the joy of the most deadly American government in humankind.
