No way you actually wrote this. But this is what a presidential tweet ought to be. Not the name-calling sub-literate brain sludge.
He didn’t even go to the funeral
No President Has attended a funeral for a former first lady since JFK .
How much praying do you get done on the golf course? Or thinking for that matter? #fakepresident #impeach
in his defense the less he does the better...except for resigning of course  #impeachTrumpNow

I like that. You are a true wordsmith, Jeebus! Here is the visualization.
Wasn’t Trump in that Dune movie?
Lord Harkonnen could be a brother from a different mother.
You got my reference 


Golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet,


Theirs aren’t with you Spanky
She thought very little of @realDonaldTrump    And she was being generous.
Did you have a good round of golf during her funeral?
Weren't you out golfing????  What an idiot!
You said Jeb Bush likes “Mexican illegals because of his wife.” And he’s "dumb as a rock" and "low energy." Barbara Bush responded: “Trump doesn't give many answers to how he would solve problems," "He's said terrible things about women, terrible things about the military.
Barbara Bush: I don't understand why people are for #Trump, for that reason." I am sure that she would have insisted you stay home because no one needs you at their funeral. In case you forgot, here is one of your tweet about Jeb after Barbara called you out for being #awful!
this is just nasty
Yes it is!
You were too busy golfing at your “Southern White House”, aka the resort you own, to have a thought or prayer for anyone but your lying self.
Come on, this is unfair. She was also tweeting and eating Big Mac.

Most of us do. Now we have a fake 45, who is full of rubbish,  degrading the office.
She hated you just like most of the world does
Sarah...not a word about Mr Shaw in TN...a real hero
Melania had a genuine smile for a genuine leader yesterday, the Great Barack Obama!
Nice try. You should have been in Houston. Your disgusting behavior made it impossible for you to show your face to the Bush family. A real POTUS would never have placed himself in that situation. You own it.
No honor Donald Trump. You and your corrupt family members have no honor. I have no respect for you as an honorable military family. You are shameful.
You may want to start praying for yourself. #CohenFlip
Who tweeted that for you. We all know you have no degree of empathy for anyone. #FakePresident
She loathed you.
Just a reminder: she did not like you. At all.
May she Rest In Peace. Her efforts as First Lady and support to Free Kuwait during the Gulf War will never ever be forgotten. RIP Mrs. Bush.
I never thought I would say this but you could learn a lot from the Bush’s.
Well said buddy 
Maybe going to the funeral instead of playing golf with taxpayer money would have been a TRUE act of remembrance. You’re one hollow piece of work. #fakepresident

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Jeb called and said he doesn’t have the energy to accept your thoughts or prayers.  His energy level doesn’t allow him to tolerate your hypocrisy today.
Sarah, I love America & that's why I oppose your lying, perverted, criminal boss.

Your staff wrote this one, I’m sure, because I doubt you knew there was a Center Hall. Also, you were golfing.
U should not forget Otto Warmbier. U praise KJU of Noko who killed Otto Warmbier. U should not even say that U will meet KJU. We Oppose summit meeting with KJU of Noko. U Treason for Noko&Russia, Right?
The sun can still damage your skin on cloudier days so make sure you regularly apply sunscreen (preferably one with a higher spf) while you're out hitting the courses today!
First Lady Barbara Bush hated your guts. She was right when she said no woman should vote for you.
Subtweet of the year...
Tell the First Lady she was class again having to sit by Obama knowing what they have done and continue to do she is wonderful First Lady
She looked like she was enjoying sitting next to President Obama to me.
She loathed you.

Thank you for not stinking up her funeral with your foul stench.
You did not write this post.
The difference between you and the rest is that America knows that you mean it Don.
Spare us. She couldn’t stand you.
I hated the Bush policies but they were better than "dick head".  RIP - Barbara Bush
Melania smiles there's a FIRST Time for Everything and notice WHO Made her do it
It’s so nice someone wrote this for you. Not a spelling, grammar, punctuation or capitalization error to be found. Thanks for not Trumping it up.
For the first time in history, a US president wasn't welcome to a former FLOTUS funeral because former FLOTUS Bush was repulsed by you, that even in death she wanted to have nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump

特朗普，你真的很烦！！！！！！
关你什么事？滚回墙内去。
Mr. President, it was very classy of you to make sure there was a remembrance at her portrait after her bad behavior toward you.  I think you and the First Lady, along with your family, have shown the depth of your goodness and charm.  Thank you again.
That's BS, your thoughts and prayers are on your GOLF game! Besides,  Melania had a much better time without you!

Your thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. But YOU aren't. 'Cause Barbara Bush officially told every one of her children: "Don't you dare let that disgusting Orange Mo-Fo show up at my big farewell!"
Really? Because it seems like today your thoughts are all about yourself and the shitload of trouble you’re in. Would have been respectful of you to only tweet this today, but you are not an honorable man.
I don't think the Bush family wants your thoughts, or your "prayers."

Michael Cohen is a big pussy. Fifth amendment? Pussy!
Wonder who people see as their better President?........
Former @POTUS44 320k likes and 51k retweets.
You will forever be in his shadow, never be anything close to him as President or a human being.
You clearly are incapable of writing this.
Your thoughts and prayers were there, but not your body because the Bush family didn’t want you there. #TrumpIsAMoron
Problem is you don't pray OR think about anyone but yourself. You're probably very jealous when you see the respects being paid to her.
#DotardDonnie #Dotard #LyingTrump #SociopathTrump #NarcissistTrump 
Never fear! #BlueWaveIsComing #BlueWave
The most presidential thing he has done is not go to a funeral. So much winning hahaha
#BarbaraBush #Barbara #Bush #FirstLady #FirstLadies #President #Trump #WhiteHouse 

Barbara Bush was a great lady and will be remembered by many!

Barbara Bush Biography: The Unforgettable Life of Barbara Bush, Download: http://authl.it/B07CGFMWQ6 
Coming from #Trump? Nah. More lies.
She despised you. Most Americans do.
Yeah she had you sussed out fellah- hated you lots
They are repulsed by you. We are, too. You have made a mockery of your party and our country.
Amen ! 
Nothing says respect and remember like playing golf in Florida eh?
Thinking of her while playing golf, again...?
She hated you!

Your thoughts an prayers don’t even exist!
No thoughts without a brain - no prayers without a heart: case closed!
It was so nice of President Obama to sit with Melania during Barbara Bush's funeral service. She had such a real authentic natural smile on her face. Not something we see much when she's with you. 
You literally went to golf at Maralago instead of doing your presidential duty at her funeral. Eat sh*t
Wow, it seems that Donald Trump has been burn twice for NOT  invited for Barbara Bush's funeral & also the Royal wedding for Harry and Meghan. Ouch. So sad. 

#ShitHoleTraitorMoronTrump666Treason
Barbara Bush DESPISED YOU. She saw right through your con game. #fakePOTUS #FakePresident #PresidentLoco #PresidentSpanky #Spanky #TrumpRussia #PresidentBoneSpurs #DraftDodger #Coward #TrumpCrimeFamily 

When you finally get away from the man who is cheating on you to be around decent people... 

How did last night’s dinner conversation go down between DT and Flotus?  “Honey what did you do today?” “I was warmly welcomed by 4 former presidents and their families for a celebration of service, marriage and civility, how bout you?” “I attacked reporters on Twitter.”

I've been curious how the ruling class is going to deal with Trump in his capacity as ceremonial head of state. I think the Bush funeral shows they've decided to just kind of pretend he's not president, which is hilarious, but probably the best solution for all involved.
Remember this?  I'm sure the Bushes will never forget how you mocked @JebBush because his mother (may she R.I.P.) did what any mom with political ties would do.

Donald Trump mocks Jeb Bush for asking his 'mommy' to campaign with him http://read.bi/1UW2AC5   via @businessinsider
Much like the majority of decent Americans, #BarbaraBush thought you were a despicable #FatPig #tRUMP & she was absolutely right.
Note her prophetic warning to women, especially journalists  
#MoneyCantBuyClass
#tRump has little hands & a massive ass
https://youtu.be/8CxH2iHVWUg 
Looks like no one missed you.
Like when the crazy one is dropped from the thread.
You don’t have any thoughts or prayers.
Did you take any English classes at all?
That’s the best you could do? Wait. Of course it is.
Did you go to service??
Ohh no..
Golf time..
Have you read this yet look at what your fearless leader is doing to you where's his loyalty
You know where you can stick your thoughts and prayers?
She hated you. Couldn’t believe any woman in their right mind would vote for you. She was a true patriot.
Couldn’t even be bothered to attend her funeral. Wow.


Michael Cohen, the longtime personal attorney for Trump [and Sean  Hannity], filed court papers Wednesday indicating he would assert his  5th Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
TRUMP in September 2016: "The mob takes the Fifth. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?" 
Trump in Sept 2016, "The mob takes the Fifth Amendment. If you're innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?" The same week, Trump added, "When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment ... I think it is disgraceful."

What was your score at the golf club, Pres?

Great picture
She hated you
https://twitter.com/LOLGOP/status/988735174333607936?s=19 …

The witches are in plain sight. No need for hunting. Lying
Think of all the bullshit scandals Republicans make up. Now think of all the real Trump scandals that get ignored because there are just too many real Trump scandals. https://twitter.com/ruthsatchfield/status/988731026817060864 …
1. You have thoughts?
2. You definitely don't pray.
3. You weren't welcome at the funeral.
@realDonaldTrump Your portrait will never hang proudly in the White House. It will be removed with your removal. Every piece of legislation, every executive order you penned will be reversed. History will record your presidency as a “cautionary tale”. Infamy will be your legacy.
How was golf over the weekend?  Didn't see you in the President's Photo
AND I DO NOT CARE WHAT YOU OR ANYONE HAS TO SAY UNLESS ITS POSITIVE FEEDBACK ABOUT OUR PRESIDENT
Really..the Bush family hates Dump..all of them.  They didnt want him near Barbara's funeral.
You sent your First Lady Barbara Bush's funeral while you went golfing. And you have no Thank You for the hero who disarmed a white supremacist mass murder in Antioch.
The Bush's are the NWO family.....very heavy into the swamp....let's never forget the 1991 NWO speech old man Bush made.
Unbelieveable. You have an odd way of having your thoughts and prayers with the Bush family.  How many tweets did you send this weekend? Out of those tweets, how many honoring Barbara Bush?...
That “remembrance display” looks like your fall-back hairpiece. #BlueWave2018 #CriminalCongress #EnforceRussiaSanctionsNOW #MAGA #Trump
Let's compare the greatness and dignity of a truly remarkable and patriotic woman and family against the Trumps and their bevy of mediocre hacks all lacking in basic intelligence, integrity, and moral courage.
♡♡♡
Such a beautiful  soul RIP
Mrs. Bush
Couldn’t be bothered going to her funeral but you had to much golf to play!
Liar.
im glad that witch... barbra bush is gone..  she always talked bad about you and your family.  president trump...
Dear @PressSec,Cohen is a traitor.HE LIED 2 U.He KNOWS potus CAN NOT PARDON HIMSELF OR CO-CONS IN MUELLER'S PROBE! If u think your words will affect him u're certifiably NUTS!Cohen sold out @seanhannity in COURT.He KNOWS,ONLY the Judge matters from now on.
Sarah Sanders doesn’t rule out a possible Trump pardon of Michael Cohen: "It's hard to close the door on something that hasn't taken place."

Need plausible deniability? Call Julian Assange at Wikileaks! Recommended by the Trump campaign. “When Russian Lawyers give us Hillary’s emails on a thumbdrive, we call Wikileaks to avoid the appearanc…
And the Bush family is all happy that the Liar in Chief actually realized he was unwanted. Thank goodness he stayed away. Melania had a much better time without him.
Melania - Cover me so I can get back to my tweeting....
Were you afraid to attend?! 
Where were you? Oh yeah, Playing Golf in Florida. Your under Federal Investigation and won't go out in public and now it is effecting your ability to do your Job. #MuellerIsComingForYou
Sarah, you need to decide if you love the United States of America, more than you love the lying conman, Trump.

It is time to show YOUR honor & loyalty to the Citizens of the US and quit spreading Trump’s lies.

You bring shame to your children & to America.
Only thought you have is about you. Melania is having fun without you (with the Obama's).   You mad bro?
“WAH! WAH!
The Bush family hates me!
You mean I can insult them and they actually respond?
VEWY UNFAIOO!
Don’t they know I’m SENSITIVE?

Wait! Why is Melania smiling so BIGLY?”
- #crybabyTrump
You don't sound remotely sincere.
Nobody wanted you at the funeral....
'Today, my thoughts and prayers are with....'

...my golf clubs, my twitter account and Diamond McDonald's Card.
She hated him.
She hated you
Good you avoided the funeral for a golf game.  She and her family have the good taste not to like you.
Kind of surprised you know it's there. You spend so little time there yourself.
Where were you??  POTUS?? Hmmmmm?????? You #POS #FakePresident
They dont want your houghts and prayers    She clearly hated you
A measly clump of dried-out, dead moss. Really? That was the best you could come up with? That’s it? Your idiocy is stunning. It’s getting harder and harder to believe that your brain can generate enough power to keep you upright, let alone speak.
If ths were an Obama tweet it would have been a photo of Obama in front of the First-Lady's portrait.  Think on that...
no, your thoughts were on playing your 108th round of golf! More than Obama in 2 yrs!
Your wife’s never looked happier.  Probably because she was treated like a woman by great people instead of an object by you. Good for her. 
No, you're "thoughts and prayers are [not] with the entire Bush family." 

YOU WENT GOLFING AT YOUR RESORT.
Great people deserve great portraits and Barbara Bush's portrait shows her authority.

Barbara Bush Biography: The Unforgettable Life of Barbara Bush, Download: http://authl.it/B07CGFMWQ6 
Thanks honey for insisting on not going. You're a shit stain and an embarrassment to the Oval office. We had a great time discussing your incompetence on the job. @BarackObama even said he'd represent me as my divorce lawyer. The Bush family are true American patriots unlike you.

Shame you decided that playing golf was more important than attending the funeral
Well, even a broken clock tells the time correctly twice a day.
Thank you President Trump.
So much for your feelings idiot! Hope you enjoyed golf while a Great Lady was remembered. Oh ya, see your wife smiling? YOU weren't with her!  She was with REAL men and REAL Presidents!
They are..?
And what do you think of this. @MELANIATRUMP has never looked so relaxed when she is with you, when she is usually frowning.. .. She actually looks so much more beautiful smiling than frowning. Unlike you.. @POTUS44 has that healthy effect on women.
I have a hard time believing you think if anyone else but yourself.
You should have been at the home going of BB..How DARE you!. You don't have it in you to put Any difference aside .I  voted for you . My Negro vote was suppressed.  Thank you thank you kindly .My vote didn't count. it  went to .Ur a horrible person
She hated you. With good reason.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump your wife, @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP, looks MUCH happier when she is NOT around YOU. @POTUS44 @BarackObama obaknows how to put a REAL smile on her face! She probably wishes he wasn't married to @MichelleObama. Say Hi to @StormyDaniels... hahaha
Oh god he had to throw in the part of the painting's location, as if he's telling us he's an official part of the ceremony or something. Childish move.
A lovely tribute to a beautiful lady...
I am sure that the decent people that work in the White House thought to honor Mrs. Bush. You certainly would never honor anyone but yourself.
I feel like he didn’t write this
You went on a twitter rant pillock. #trumptantrums #FBIraid #MuellerInvestigation
Lol you don’t pray 
Nut you went to play golf
PLEASE RESIGN
This is a minimalist token gesture, which was put there by someone else, not nearly enough recognition for a wonderful lady.

Stop claiming you care about anyone.

If you did, you would have accompanied your wife to the funeral instead of golfing, oh wait - that is all you do.
Fucking disgusting. You’re a traitor. How dare you?
So, you were praying and watching the funeral while you were playing golf?  Was the TV on the golf cart or did you make some Secret Service guy carry it?

Do NOT tweet this photo to @realDonaldTrump. He'll hate knowing that the first time Melania cracked a smile in years was during a quiet chat with Obama. 
We know you were golfing during the funeral and had to be told to lower your flags at Mar A Lago to half staff. No dignity or sense of the office you hold.
Dear Mr. President, the whole nation knows why you were absent therefore if your actions don’t live up to your words then you have nothing to say...do the right thing because it’s the right thing to do. Thanking @FLOTUS for her presence.
Why weren't you at the funeral to pay your respects? Oh, yeah, because you don't have any respect.  I don't think anyone was complaining, though, especially not your wife who looked happier with Obama than she ever did with you.
Sorry, Spankster, there's no room at the kids table for you at the wake. Don't you have a tee time to make?
You should be ashamed of yourself for not going to her funeral.  Scared of runny into Presidents who actually knew what they were doing?
How touching of you to comment! Are you on a tee, or a green? Are you cheating on your golf score? People talking about it!
may her soul rest in peace
Barbara was an amazing woman! Huge loss.
You went golfing during the funeral...
She thought you were the scum on the bottom of her shoe
#Trump chose to play golf instead of attending First Lady Barbara Bush's funeral? Damn, that's cold!

I would imagine your reverence towards Barbara Bush isn't sincere- we all know how evil the Bush family is- responsible for the murder of millions and her vile husband conspired to assasinate JFK- YOU KNOW THAT.
Your thoughts were on the golf course
Aren't your thoughts on which way you need to hit the ball in order to get to the green?
That is such a beautiful portrait!
She despised you.
Babs hated Don the con.
Here's a picture of the #liarinchief thinking and praying
Sentiment analysis has determined that Whole Lotta Love is best suited to this tweet
