@kyrstensinema sure did vote against our tax cuts but at least she’s Got her priorities in order...  (sarcasm) 

No one cares who you sleep with! I care what’s in my pocket! 

#NeverSinema
I love that campaign slogan. 

Vote for me. I am bisexual and f**k everyone over equally!
@kyrstensinema @RepSinema protesting our troops now claims she loves the vets! Don’t be fooled Arizona 

She Is no Moderate
When will @kyrstensinema answe about her role in the #Awan congressional scandal?
So she voted No for a windfall for millionaires & billionaires that gave working class people some loose change back and in exchange added Trillions to the national debt? We aren't falling for your tax scam propaganda, we aren't that stupid.
She’s smart and cares for those who are not corporate donors.
Sinema  is a Fraud and hardcore leftist
That should never represent the
Great state of Arizona in the senate 
Yeah but she totally makes convincing commercials. I like my district but not the representative. Too much social justice blah blah not enough economic impact.
So?
Rep Sinema @RepSinema voted for the welfare of Arizona people.  He knows what voting yes would have cost them on many levels.  Huzzah for Rep. Sinema!!!
Shame on you VP Pence.  Sinema votes for our Arizona interests.  You have no backbone supporting Araipo   You have no respect for the Rule of Law. Shameless
BUILD THE WALL!
Hate all kinds of people on your timeline. What a Christian.
Hate is a very strong word often used by Liberals.
You hate someone you don't even know?  That's brilliant
The comment was about all the hate YOU have spewed on your timeline. And, you are a Christian?
Mine is not hate.  We cannot go down the ultra liberal road.  This is where we were heading with Obama and the Clinton's.  It's not good for a great Democracy like ours.
That what Trump defenders keep saying. Nobody believes it.
And when they voted to take our health care, Pence voted yes. And when they voted to put ur country in massive debt it responsibly, pence backed it. And when you deregulated to poison our water and air, pence was all for it.
They voted NO because they are looking out for the lower & middle class!

Who do you think is going to pay back the $560,615,551,556 in the National Debt accumulated this year?

The 1% got the windfall, common people got some short term relief but a long term problem

#GOPTaxScam
of course, the tax cut benefited no one but the corporations who did not pass on the cut to their employees.  Pence is a liar, again.  #profoundloserPence
Change the world to see you can get
Just another con man like your Lord and Savior @realDonaldTrump! You worship money and power. You believe women are inferior and need to be controlled. You support a man who cheats on his mistress with a porn star! #FakeChristian #PenceIsAnIdiot
yes cuz he had morals. and knows what a budget is and how to pay for it...not by giving the richest people like you 83% of the tax cut
Great truth and awesome leadership!!!

Go Kelli Ward!!! @kelliwardaz on the Trump Train from the beginning!!!

I’m sure you  were said get  the same thing 
With Obama running up U.S debt
9 Trillion Dollars 
I didn’t vote for Obama
STOP LYING, MAN OF GOD! STOP SAYING TAX CUTS. THE ONLY CUTS ARE FOR THE RICHEST IN U.S. DOES IT EVEN HELP YOU?
That’s because she knew it was bullshit.
Only God knows this man’s heart. I hope it is the complete opposite of what he expresses in public for his soul’s sake.
MR PENCE with your VICIOUS talks you cause a lot of trouble. MAN OF GOD! 
When the time came to bankrupt the federal government so that rich people and corporations could get outrageous tax breaks, @RepSinema voted no - - and Republicans, drooling all the way to the bank, voted yes.
You call yourself a Christian? You lie and protect the most morally corrosive President in history. Watching him divide us is complicit and treasonous!!
If the tax cut is so great, why do you have to waste tax payer money flying around the country trying to convince people. It's another scam just like this entire administration.
Way to align yourself with convictions criminal Joe. Your true colors are showing and they’re white supremacist. #TeamSinema all the way!
Clearly you don't believe in an afterlife. If you did, you wouldn't behave and act the way you do.
Translation: We always have trouble with the word NO, to us No means Yes, like molesters.
That's because the tiny amount more we are getting isn't really a tax cut. It's more of a deduction from our social security and we will actually be getting tax increases. You're no better than the orange rump.
You're so stupid that you can't keep up! Democrats want to raise taxes.The new tax laws are great for the little guy and for minorities.
Can’t wait to hear what you really think after this farce of a presidency is over 
They are SMART.
Sick human being.    Resign

Listen dictating to Americans Pence! I too can dictate an I'm telling you don't care about Americans being treated right via healthcare you voted against, or fair taxation for the lower classes.Sinema(Ariz.) Is likely right to vote no for your garbage.
SO! Dose this mean their is no more Fines for NOT having health insurance?

Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
Arizona does not need any more tax cuts. We need a fully funded education system that will draw businesses to our state.

#RedforEd
When the time came to follow a federal court order to stop violating the civil and constitutional rights of Americans, Arpaio said NO @RealSheriffJoe #self #admitted #guilt #disgrace #fraud
Cutting taxes meant placing more money on the national credit card which they have to pay back WITH INTEREST, so do their kids. Deficit spending to buy ignorant voters, financial disaster benefiting the wealthy.
were vith those choices voted on or did you make one uo? Fake newd??!!

Higbie also said, "I believe wholeheartedly, wholeheartedly, that the black race as a whole, not totally, is lazier than the white race, period."

Pence is appearing at a fundraiser with the group today. He's done at…

The decline of Mike Pence. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …

Depressing. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
"America First" background -- coincidence?
⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘⚘🖒🖒🖒
Dont have anything to say......sad

My brother-in-law is bipolar with a brain injury. @RealSheriffJoe's officers tazed him in front of his elderly mother, arrested him for resisting. No psych care in Joe's jail for 30 days, was suicidal when released. Spent a month in a psych hospital. Of course Pence is honored. …
Liar. #FakeChristian
Smart representative! Put people before party.
We should but not the wealthy
Nobody believes this

Joe Arpaio is a convicted criminal who tortured people: https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=112296948 …

So if you’re looking for a speech to be offended about, start here …
Arpaio?  Arpaio?  That will come back to haunt you.  Disgusting.
St what and who’s cost.
Feltching Joe in public mike?! What would mother think?
Joe Arpaio repeatedly stonewalled federal investigations into horrid abuses at his jails, flouted orders from judges, and orchestrated the astoundingly stupid arrests of two editors of the Phoenix New Times, resulting in a $3.75M settlement. https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/991448021169852417 …
You are trying to elect a “man” who PROUDLY called his jail “like a Nazi camp.” JC HATES YOU.
The tax cut, benefit of the rich, Sharing that corporations pay a smaller and smaller and smaller percentage of gross tax receipts.
The federal deficit increases $1M per minute due to the tax cut (BTW, my taxes haven't decreased) She's a responsible legislator.
I think she voted against giving freebies to billionaires, you fake Christian
No a..hole, no cut to OUR taxes, huge cuts to YOUR taxes
Tax cut for rich people
Democrats don't want you to have anything PERIOD.
Liar @vp tax cuts are for top 1% not for teachers or those under $100,000 which is most of AZ.  Open your eyes. Kyrsten Sinema YES! Arpaio
Please don't start lying like your friend Donald. He lies on a daily basis, and I'm hoping you can keep your values in tact while working for him. I pray for you every day, because I know that you know, our President is a liar and that you all cover for him every single day



Kirsten sinema will not represent the people of Arizona if she gets elected to the Senate!  She is full on liberal Democrat.
When the time come when trump is indicted or impeached, I will make all Americans Holy Roler Snake Religion folks like me.  MADWJWD (make America do what Jesus would do)
When it was time to man up, you got down on your knees in front of Trump's zipper - slimeball.
you are not saying this correctly. Say: Rep Sinema voted to not increase deficit. Rep Sinema voted to not subject Medicare, Medicaid, and food stamps to drastic cuts.
And your party voted yes to enrich your fat-cat friends. Is that the teachings of Jesus? #christianfraud
Here's why they voted NO!

Tax cuts, spending to raise U.S. deficit to $1 trillion by 2020, CBO analysis shows
Vote for Sinema. They have ethics and know what’s right
She still hasn't explained her association with the Communist Party USA.  I doubt that someone who associates with literal communists is too concerned about letting people keep what's theirs.  http://keywiki.org/Kyrsten_Sinema_(Communist_Party_USA_Connection) …
Because she is smart and knew the tax cutes are a rip off.
Perhaps you can explain -- why do you support convicted felons?
Can you give a speech without criticizing someone. They said No because they know how to do math.
She voted NO because she knew then what Rand Paul and Rubio knew but voted YES! Now @marcorubio has put a spotlight on the miserable #GOPTaxScam @RepSinema will be the next Senator from the great state of AZ! A Senator for THE PEOPLE!
Democrats, socialists, and communists believe it is their money, not yours.
She voted against transferring more wealth to the people who least needed it. She earned my vote.


Do you spray tan?
Check it out. http://thehill.com/policy/finance/385532-rubio-no-evidence-that-corporate-tax-cut-is-overwhelmingly-benefiting-workers …
I sure hope you fire your doctor. Can't believe how she lied about Pres.Trump's pick to run the VA.

Mueller has his eye on you, Mikey. He wants to ask you some questions.

Said no cause she knows your tax scam is only helping the filthy rich.
Bs Lies! #GOPtaxscam

If you’re trying to mimic your boss and repeat his propaganda ( which you know to be untrue)than you are also becoming a liar.
Nonsense
Mr. Vince President,  they were supposed to pay us, not keep their money.
Why do you need to continually WASTE our tax dollars flying around trying to convince us of something you have already doneStay in Washington, you screwed 90% of America with #GOPTaxScam! Yay @RepSinemaStaff she’s got the people 
Make the rich richer taxscam will destroy the middle and lower class. They are taking out less in taxes but removing your tax deductions. Do the research they are giving us the hole in the donut while padding their own pockets.
Many working Americans have not seen anything change. Corporations and rich donors have!!
Watching with no sound. You don’t actually believe what you are saying. You are lying to that poor, overheated audience, using that serpent tongue to beguile. You eyes, though, show the lie.
And she was right. As voters will see when they realize that the "tax cut" is really a big Kahoutek: nothing to see here, at least in their paychecks. But a huge national deficit, and ultimately only the rich will benefit.
When the time came to support the American people you choose to be Vice President for the most anti middle class anti American president ever!  That train has already run!
Vp pence - who do you & POTUS like in Indy for primary?
Voted no because as @marcorubio said, the tax cuts have not ended up helping middle class but have driven up deficit.  So good decision.
nervous? or giddy at the prospect of becoming #46? That is if you don’t get indicted.
When time came to give the rich a tax cut you was for yes, when time came to take away healthcare a basic human right,  you were planning to vote to take it away one word “Hypocrite”. Don’t say you believe in God or use his name you are the opposite of God “ evil” x
GOP screwing Americans every chance they get
Greed
Over
People
You are a fraud and a liar. What does that say about those “Christians” who voted for you in Indiana? Perhaps many of them are now blessed with lack of healthcare you foisted on the rest of us.
No one believes you. You will be short lived in this corrupt WH
Please get the arizona legislators to work so teachers and children can get the funds they need for education...they are dragging the strike out by not taking care of this and doing their jobs..been bank rolling education funds for years..thank u
When the time came to gut the taxes for the ultra-rich @RepSimema voted NO. 
I sympathize with your position VP Pence. There are many things about the tax law that I am thankful for. But there are also a lot of things I am not so thankful for. If voting no on tax cuts is @RepSinema gravest sin, that's a Representative worth keeping.
Sounds like you’re endorsing Sinema.
Careful the company you keep. What would Jesus say?  #CarlHigbie #AZSenate
Pence is speaking at an event for this group now, where he praised Joe Arpaio. 

https://twitter.com/KFILE/status/991389655525412867 …
Are you giving a speech to the wealthy?
Sounds like @RepSinema didn’t buy that the tax cuts would help middle and low income people. She was right.
The American People call Bullshit!!  More like the GOP TAX SCAM THAT ONLY BENEFITS THE WEALTHY AND CORPORATIONS AT THE EXPENSE OF THE MIDDLE CLASS AND BLOATS THE DEFECIT!!!!

Sounds like @Repsinema should be your choice. Especially when you see these tax cuts put the U.S. in a recession. #TakeOurCountryBack #VoteBlue2018 #TheResistanceVotes


She already knew that that tax cut was mainly for the 1% and that it was going to destroy the middle and low class families. When you cut, you have to replace. We’re not STUPID,  IS NOT STUPID!!!!
You are *honored* by Joe Arpaio’s presence?!  Wow, you really HAVE sold your soul to the devil. Interesting. I wonder how that feels... Care to elaborate on the subject?
Very sad to see both @VP & @POTUS spread lies abt immigration & then see #Pence turn his back on the poor/needy seeking asylum. God will remember yr lack of soul Pence. U can at least see #Trump in Hell
Their children will pay for it.
Voted NO for good reason.... this coming from a Hoosier who watched you almost ruin Indiana...

And....here's how you can donate to @RepSinema :
You're a disgrace.
As an Arizonan I've heard horrific stories about Arpaio all my life. He is one of the most racist, evil men alive. Here are some examples:
When the time came to stand up to the biggest tax scam in US history, @RepSinema said "yes I will"
Your #TaxScam added 1.5 Trillion to the National Debt. This is essentially a quid pro quo. You and your minions loot the treasury give hundreds of billions of dollars to the Koch’s, Walton’s and Mercer’s they bankroll your campaigns and taxpayers pay the bill
That $4,000 raise Donald Trump and Paul Ryan promised you was a trickle-down lie
The Indiana Stooge votes for corporate Welfare over the People’s Welfare.

Remove Trump & Stooge and vote complicit GOP Out — they are toxic to a decent democracy.
Mike Pence was in charge of vetting the traitor Mike Flynn. Mike Pence is complicit in allowing a foreign agent unfettered access to national security.

Mike Pence claimed the dangers of cigarette smoking was overblown. He is a reality-denying idiot that has no place in elected office, at any level.
If you’re against her, she must be doing something right.
The truth...
Your taxes you lying fraud.
Whe it came time to call @realDonaldTrump out on his hatred, audeltry, corruption and collusion Spiro Pence said NO
You're full of s**t, Pence.
You're still complicit in treason.
#TrumpRussia #TrumpTreason #PenceKnew #PenceIsComprimised
You are a puppet vp
#Sinema cares about her Arizona constituents and all Americans
Voted No because of the cuts to Corporations and Your buddies.
No change in my taxes, Mike. What the fuck???

