@44thMedBde
Honored sir!
16th MP BDE...Stand Read!!!
SEMPER FIDELIS 

Purple! North Korea's Kim Jong-un revealed a horrible horror that the wicked man would not abandon the nuclear weapons! - America will be safe if it blows all the way to the front and beheads Kim Jong Eun and his demons.
I notice you are pro life.  It looks like you are accepting money to speak at the NRA in May.  Guns are designed to take life.  How do you rectify being pro life and pro gun?
AND THANK YOU FOR TRYING TO PUT A DRUNKEN DOCTOR IN CHARGE OF V.A. HOSPITALS !
When the DOJ and FBI try to institute their coup against my real POTUS I hope Trump activates the military and has everyone of the traitors arrested.
That's exactly what DT wants. He is literally doing the things that a dictator does. He'd love to declare martial law with himself in charge. Just waiting for an excuse to do it...
He is in charge of the Executive which includes the DOJ and FBI.
Thank you Sir and Mrs Pence  for supporting our veterans.
minek a fegyver a fegyveres ha nem a rabszolgasitott kifosztott nép érdekét szolgalja.a verszivó usa gazdatesten élösködö uzsoras vilaghordát tepsibe.lázadj allampolgar.lázadj katona.
I salute the soldiers

Vice President Pence we are Proud of you, Great work you  are doing... President Trump certainly choose the right person for his Vice...  Thank You. !!!
Indiana hates you, Mike.
Actually this is a picture with the 44th medical brigade. SPEAR HEAD MEDICS
Thumbs up MR VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
I thank all of you so much!!
Have you told them about privatizing the VA so your corrupt administration doesn't have to fix their issues & so you can give the savings to the top 1%?
This is not true 
it's false
Why all the countries need to show their force, showingly, showy. Be an ambassador of peace, not wars.
This is the Tf 44th for dsrf Mr vice president
Guaranteed some them are LGBT+. Are you proud to stand with them?


Be safe be strong thank you so much for your service.


Russian Defence Ministry: Had the Syrian facilities attacked by the US, UK and France indeed been chemical plants and labs, tens of thousands of people would've died. It is obvious there were no chemical…
Mikey, just for you.
Were you in the military?
Thank you VP great day
#Marijuana Use and #PTSD among #Veterans https://www.ptsd.va.gov/professional/co-occurring/marijuana_use_ptsd_veterans.asp … Contact @JohnMorganESQ
This Administration is not proud to support the transgender men and women who fight and risk their lives for America. Mike Pence, if you agree that you are an American you need to support all of the troops and not some of them. Because the people will pick and choose your support
The VP will only back you if you follow lockstep with whatever LIE their pushing.  Just ask the House Chaplain Patrick Conroy who is being forced to resign because the GOP doesn’t accept anyone without an agenda like theirs.
How about you and Donnie Boy @realDonaldTrump thank the guy that stopped the Waffle House shooter?? Oh, yeah, never mind. He’s not the right color for you and ole Donnie Boy. Disgusting!!!
Does everything offend you?
Yep Those GOP so Strong on Religious Freedom! (As long as it matches theirs)
That’s why they pushed out the House Chaplain!
Trump even mocked his primary opponent, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), for seeking Adelson’s financial support, tweeting:Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
GOD BLESS YOU ALL WE LOVE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
We who?? Speak for yourself, not “we”.

O yeah I forgot you were the Vice President for a sec.
I knew you were an ass the first time I heard you speak.  But scheduling a speech on May 4 in front of the NRA?  If you had half a brain you would reconsider that.  If not, I can’t wait to see you get fried after the speech.
Did you explain to them why your party, the @GOP, blocked almost every pro-veteran bill brought to the floor during the Obama administration?  Because your party didn't want Obama or Dems to get credit?

They are our best, they deserve better than to be tools for GOP politics.

They don’t have a choice so  for using us as props

I am asking for help because we have no one else to turn to.  If you could please RE-TWEET and share with your family and friends and help us get through this incredibly tough time if nothing else just to warn of the EXTREME DANGERS OF MOLD IN YOUR HOME…
English enough  every  day  animals  doesn't  leaning  go  kill that f animal
While you stand beside your boss trump while he sells this country to Putin you Pence are a traitor
You are an idiot...

Those are great people. @VP should not count himself among them.
Humans kind  100 dollars  they walked in  store  what they buy only  animal  run  around  eating   animal
You represent a fake president who is a disgrace & stole his office by cheating with Russia.
Justice is coming for you & Trump.
It will be a great day in America when your corrupt inept imposter regime is banished.
So what do you think about the lying potus now.shame shame shame 
Don't look like  humans  kind

Liar  #penceknew
We need more men and women like them! And you, Vice President Pence!
If you want more men and women like them then feel free to go to your nearest recruiter and enlist. What’s stopping you??
Awesome! Thank you
Thank you all for your service if one can do it we can all at and again a United Nations Kingdom of the Lord Jesus Christ bless you all lest all talk
Amen!
Even the gay ones?
them Aid and Comfort. No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court. The Congress shall have Power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no Attainder of Treason shall work
