#Turkey is guilty of #genocide #greekgenocide #armeniangenocide #assyriangenocide #syriangenocide #cypriotgenocide . They’re history, a long list of crimes against humanity. Brutally, massacred over 3.5M #Christians in #Anatolia 1912-1923.

Turkish genealogy database.
Nobody is frightened here. You fool Greeks. You think Turkey will collapse because of a database of government! I am half Greek! However I am a Turkish nationalist! Erdogan is Georgian. İsmet inönü was a kurd. Ziya Gokalp (founder father of Turkish nationalism) was a Kurd!
This genealogy db, reveals what the whole world already knows.The #Christian population, were not only victims of genocide but, were discriminated against. As a result, many minorities, converted to Islam against their will for fear of persecution and hardship of being a non-Turk
Haha in Turkey people can say their religious beliefs easily. Even there are famous Christian singers in Turkey. Such as Hayko Cepkin (Armenian), Mabel Matiz (Jewish), Can Bonomo (Jewish). People do not need hide anything. There are huge number of churches in all Turkey.
What about Greece? Are there any mosques in Athens.(the answer is no) Muslims are hiding and can't worship in Athens which is capital of a EU member state. Shame on you!
Why the hell should Greece have mosques when the mosque itself is a symbol of occupation, slavery, rape, torture, murder? Greeks were enslaved by Turks and Islam for nearly 400 years. The citizens of Greece say no thanks.
In India there are Churches that are been destroyed and many Pastors have been beaten to death. Can you ask Indian PM to Stop this torture.
How about you go and defend them yourself??? Why does the US have to babysit every horrible horrible country?  We lost hundreds of thousands of me and women during the revolution - India has 100 times the people to make change - they need to do it!!!
What about Puerto Rico?  

#copolitics
#BlueTsunami
I live next to someone from Puerto Rico, living in fla for 8 years, when the hurricane hit Puerto Rico, this family got a new car,all new furniture, new clothes, ,,cause they took money from the funds from Puerto Rico. This I can provide proof
This is what I am talking about - horrible people taking advantage - but Oh poor PR!!! How about POOR US for being billed as satan when it is PR’s own PEOPLE!!!!
Ignorant Loon alert.
pues si ha sido injustamente detenido y posteriormente encarcelado, que lo liberen cuanto antes y así poder regresar a su país.
Forget what country he is the VP of?  We speak English here - and we write English too!!
Respectfully speaking Sir,
He was an idiot for going there as an evangelical American Christian... It's distrubing to me that u bring attention to him and not all the others unlawfully detained in several heathenistic countries. He was stupid to go there.
Really??? If every person trying to HELP others took this attitude we would be part of Germany now!!! Seriously!?!? So if there is any danger - don’t help?? Gee so when the Brits were kicking our ass - France shouldn’t have come to our aid? Pretty sure that is how goodness works!
#Armenian #Greek #Assyrian #Chaldean #Syriac #Aramean and other #Christian nations subjected to #Turkish #genocide know too well about Turkey's abuse at home and aggression abroad. #FreePastorBrunson
You are serious dog of islaam 
نعل تلاه عليك
What?  Really what are you talking about - dog of who? What I have learned about your God is people like you make him out to be a devil and the “real” believers quote him as being full of goodness - not the “master of a dog”
So do something for God's sake! You are not a banana republic
How stupid do you have to be - really to think it is that easy?  I really would like to know?  Why don’t you do something to help?  Instead of tweeting start a campaign to support thtr VP - let your congressman know you want them to DO SOMETHING!! Write them!!
If they don't let's imprison every Turkish imam here for spying and see how fast they react.
Unfortunately they don’t care about their people - research all the horrible videos about what they do to their own.  Those we would put in jail here would mean NOTHING to them!! Horrible people.
Resign
Get a life - make a difference!!  Vote next election - campaign for someone YOU want in the office - don’t hide behind Twitter!!! Put your damn convictions where your mouth is and do something about it!!! Really or go back to watching Wheel of Fortune
Tarafsız gözle dünyaya bakarsak,tüm çağdışı,tehlikeli din'lerinde resmen yasaklanıp,uygar inancın insanlara sunulması zamanı geldi 
Lol...
It’s a shame you don’t fight this hard for Amreica’s kids......once they’re born.
Why don’t you just go get him yourself?  And when you go, stay there with him.
Or you Hymie - you go!!! That would be terrific!  I will even pay your air fare!!! Promise never to come back to the US and I will pay your way!!!
when you're done appealing to evangelicals...can the Americans in Flint get lead free water.....#FakeChristians #FlintWaterCrisis
An american citizen being detained aboard should not be a partisan issue. Its something we should all get behind.
Amen
Perhaps when you allow Turkey’s Presidential body guard to assault our citizens, Ankara ends up not having much respect for you?
Sure being an americans citizen automatically makes you above everything.
Those protesters were terrorist PKK supporters.
im not surprised since your 'above All' country openly supports terrorism in  ME now.

Ben... really?  Grow up
God doesn't exist, you greasy bible thumping hypocrite. If idiots want to go around the world spreading nonsense, they can suffer the consequences. #russianpuppetregime
Sadly the US has been so late in reacting to Erdogan's taking hostage the innocent&defenseless Brunson&many like him. This confirms agn Erdogan's Erdogan Turkey is the new ISIS. Erdogan-jihadists emulate their brethern ISIS in all respects including ethnically cleansing the Kurds
Really that was Obama who didn’t give a crap!! This didn’t just start when Trump became President however like Korea I believe he will get to it as quickly as he can and he WILL end it!!! Finally a President who doesn’t care what political backlash will cost him-US 1st his motto!
I agree. Tayyip Erdogan hasn't been very good to his people. He needs to release Pastor Brunson so that he can return home.
Hasn’t been good is not even close to what he has done!! You should search the YouTube videos and see what is really going on
its time for you to shut up.
You don't decide what happens in Turkey, you certainly don't decide what sentence our judges give.

Also, release hakan Atilla and extradite Fethullah gulen , then we will think about it.
LOL!!! I love idiots - you make me laugh so hard...
What about the other thousands of prisoners arrested with him? Don't care about them because they're not evangelicals?
Nope - lol!?!? How do you know these hundreds of people?? Can you name let’s say 5?  Give me 5 names of people I can verify got arrested with him and I will donate money to help get them home!! Just 5!!!
It is time for the US to send the terrorist Fethullah Gulen to Turkey.
again you creating a #Hitler AGAIN
You missing a picture guess who????
Clinton - Obama - who or which one??
With all due respect Mr Pence, do you think Turkey will comply with any of your requests? They have been rogue for a long time because they simply don’t give a damn about anyone and anything
That’s what everyone said about rocket man... And yet he is now begging for a deal...
Send the terrorist Fethullah Gulen to Turkey.
Send him home and take you.
No take you...

“I don’t do sneaky things, I don’t leak, I don’t do weasel moves,” James Comey wrote in his memo which he later leaked to a friend to give to the press to spark the call for a special counsel.…
He should be in JAIL not on a book tour!!!
And, the two Greek soldier who were "captured" by  @USNATO "ally" Turkey, at the border, and are being held as political "hostages".
Seriously bring them home!!! Stop the millions in aid and a few sanctions - it worked with rocket man!!!
@Mikepence, what happend to Assinstant Dir of RNC abortion and killed unborn child that against Republican policy Any answer?
If your tweet could be understood - maybe someone could answer you!
The Turkish Orcs understand only the language of force! They will never release him
LOL LOL LOL - so did North Korea but when you have no water and no food and bombs are dropping around you - you give in pretty quick - ya - just ask Japan...
Yo Pus_y pence...Just think of how you and the SOB trump have wrongfully detained the America people!
Nice language - like how you left out a letter so you can use that word.  If you only had a brain...
Mr.Vice President. My opinion is irrelivent as I'm Canadian, but as followers of  Christ, we are brothers. I ask that this servant of Christ be saved by you & President Trump. I Know if you could you would,  but even God said touch not my anointed ones & do my prophet's no harm.
That is it?  Take that one verse and let it be the governing rule for all Christians when challenged by bad bad people?  There are 66 books full of great advise... You should read them all...
TÜRKIYE CUMHURIYETI siz gibi
bir hukuk devleti. Ajanlık yaptığı suçlamasıyla yargılanan birinin
bırakılmasını ne hakla talep ediyorsunuz? Güçlü olmak haklı olmak değildir. Terörist Gülen ve
Hakan Atilla'da bizim taleplerimiz
Sizinki hukuk;bizim ki guguk mu?
Mike could only speak about the tax scam for about 5 minutes as he was affraid that he would spontaineously combust from lying, so he turned it into a campaign stop. #MoneyOverMorals #FauxChristian #MikeLiesToo #TaxScam
Okay Suzeeeee... sure he would combust spontaneously... If you are going to have an opinion - try to be authentic and write something quasi intelligent... This isn’t a comic book story it about people’s lives... Grow up maybe??
Damn Turkey!! Focus on the thousands of innocent people locked up right here in the United States!! You guys should really take this  show on the road!!
What about the people locked up here?? You mean the criminals??? Let me guess - poor people end up in jail... I know a lot of people who grew up poor and for the most part they are good people!!! Now those who grew up on welfare - who are still on it and rip of the US every day!
We need to put maximum pressure without compromising U.S. interests.
Of course we need to make sure the US will be okay but the last time I checked Turkey has NEVER EVER sent even a penny to help the US on need - so I say take him down and get our people back!!!
Mother says we need #GunReform now
YA... NO!! Listen go to your computer and read the history of Austria... From when they elected Hitler as their President and see how he took that country apart - first by disarming them all do they couldn’t fight back the most evil human to walk the planet in our lifetime..
He is believed to take part in coup attempt. Turkey offers an exchange between pastor and a putschist islamist leader staying in US. POTUS refuses to hand over islamist leader to Turkey.
And we shouldn’t!!! And the Pastor was on a mission trip to feed people in Turkey... Not it over throw the government!! When in doubt call everyone a spy to detain them!!! Such BS!!
Cut off ALL aid and I bet he is home in one day!!! How does a country like Turkey think they can do this!! He has committed no crime and yet they keep him!!!
I support you. Somebody must stop this crazy dictator of Turkey. He supports ISIS. everybody knows that
Send him home!
Prayers for the release of Pastor Andrew Brunson and his immediate, safe return to the U.S. and his family!
As much as I hate you and Trump we will agree on this one. Use your power for good, send a Seal Team to rescue this man.
Erdogan ordered to detain Pastor Brunson despite the fact that, the turkish counter-intelligence corps have found no material evidence.
EXCLUSIVE: The Region has obtained a top-secret document of Turkey's National Intelligence Organisation (MIT) that reveals the details of the investigation of the American pastor, Andrew Brunson. http://theregion.org/article/13324-the-truth-behind-brunson-case-top-secret-document-proves-erdogan-039-s-hostage-taking-foreign-policy …
My students and I  are praying for Pastor Andrew. Thank you!
Healthy and Whole in the name of Jesus
Maybe if you didn’t gut the State Department, they may have been able to help get him home much more timely.
Amen. Yes
Now South Africa needs your help gentlemen! There’s been a slow genocide against whites for some time and it’s getting ready to explode! Please help them!
Agreed.
Leverage for Turkey?

We don't TOLERATE

CIA Affiliated agents under Pastor Disguise

who turned out to be an element

that helped Gulen Terrorist Org

for years to make them stronger.

So... A Blatant NO, Mr. Vice Pres.

Now you can go your church

and pray your god for him 
Andrew Brunson is a pastor who’s been wrongfully detained in Turkey for a year-and-a-half. I join @POTUS, the people of North Carolina & the people of America to say: it’s time for Turkey to send Pastor Andrew…
Erdoğan thinks that he will get the Islamic scholar in exchange for the pastor. What he does not know is there is an independent justice system in USA, unlike in his regime where judges that do not obey him sent to prison.
Jacquer If I see you or meet positions
I inter very Tortures in the world Insha Allah 
If Allah say  I very searching your 
Insha you are not live At least 5 month ago
Insha Allah I Placings You no live At Least 4 moth If Allah Say
And you have no Shame working for/with the biggest proven  liar and sexual predator the White house has ever had living in it dirtbag 
Do you understand the term “separation of Church and State”, it was made for a reason.
President Trump should be harder for Erdogan not for Assad
Erdogan took him as a hostage
I think so too!  Let him come home!
Stop saying pretty please. Get him out

Talk is cheap!!
Agree
Why don't you get them all out how can you ask for one man's release but not the other Americans up on bogus chargers
and the two Greek officers...
it will take more than a Tweet and we plead that you do more to put Turkey on the right track.
Go to hill
DEMAND! Turkey release him or else. Right now.
Come on America let's support Mike Pence for president not Donald Trump Mike Pence
This is true bring the reverend back!
Kick Erdogan's @ss
Where would Erdogan be without NATO? 
Up against the Russian Bear and Iranian theocrats and the secular segment. Civil war.
When you go to a foreign country obey their laws you don’t have any protection or waiver from their laws
Yes. Funny, though, when the moslems come to AMERICA, they expect a pass, even though their sharia shit is TOTALLY illegal, in every way. Whatever.
Yes sharia law has no business in USA and any judge who lets Muslims get away with a US law crime should be kicked off bench immediately.
It is time.
...and I feel detained in romania.
The American people had been wrongfully detained by the horrendously unethical, embarrassing and lying regimen of the Trump Cartel administration for over a year. It's time to send Trump, Pence and the rest of the grifters home.
Amen all Christians in prison and other nations such as Pakistan need to be free. There is 289 Pakistani and Christians living in Taiwan that would love to come to America through the US Embassy I think you ought to find them.
You're going to prison too

Get it through your head and tRUMPs they, Iran, Russia and Syria are enemies of USA
Thank you Mr. Vice President. Your strength is appreciated.

Yes!
Yes, absolutely bring him home
Go get him back!
So they will send him home IF the USA deports the criminal that Turkey wants- what’s the problem?
He will stay where he is. As penance for betraying the Distict, and with Belial I will thee inflict!
AMEN to that Mr. Vice-President
Absolutely
Matthew 5:10 "Blessed are those who have been persecuted for the sake of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Thank you Vice President Pence, we must stop the genicide of Christians.
Amen!  It’s time for Turkey to send Pastor Andrew Brunson home!
Turkey,Hello! Please Free Andrew Brunson ,This man has done no wrong ,as a civilized nation it you duty to release this Good Brother Immediately........
ASAP
America can do more though, can't it? Presure Erdogan. Hard.
May God save him from all danger.
Why didn't you fight for Keith Cooper? VP is a hypocrite and POTUS is a delusional pathological liar.
Don’t join me with anything you do.  Ever.
Christians should love Turkey: St Paul, Constantine the GREAT & early Churches! I love Turkiye & I'm 2% West Asian PTL. Dear @trpresidency, would you please intervene on behalf of Pastor Brunson? US & Turkey need 2B close friends again! I beg for Mercy Turkiye. @Potus @VP @BGEA
what about #kurds in turks jails.
  you are erdogans dogs. weak and stupid

Christianity is a undefinied crime in Turkey. İslamist officers closed my drugstore 2months ago they accused me my Christianity.
Erdogan is Turkeys pride! World saw how Turkish people protect him 15 july 2016! 
Don't compare turks with arabs or someone else, read our glorius history! Turks exist thousands of year's, not like US that exist approx 300 year's a mix of all nationalities! Disgusting nation!
Erdogan win all the elections ower and ower, still in US you americans discuss whether US elections was manipulated or not! Trumph fired almost all he's entire cabinet! In my opinion US is the biggest threat for world!
The neocon cowboys evangulist US regime miss the pastor haha!
I read about many pedophil pastors around world! Now this pastor was operating as a spy instead of be in the church and serv for people! Give us fethullah gulen we give you the pastor! Fethullah gulen movement are the biggest terror group in World and in US majority of them stay!
. @VP @POTUS Is also time to FREE PELTIER! He was unjustly imprisoned by a hostile government, too.
Any word for other innocents who have been wailing under erdogan's torturing  regime!?
AMEN !
prayers and thoughts for him god take us where we need to go sometimes and it does not  always go to plan he been detained wrong fully  what has his journey been like and how many lives has he touched he return
Boy toy?

Praying!
Turkey is an independent country


So I guess Andrew Brunson is the pasture as he advised her to president Trump or not if so the trifecta begins
Where do you stand on Erdogan’s entourage beating the shit out of lawful protestors on American soil?
Thank you VP Pence for assisting in getting Brunson home
@kelly@ President Trump Creating another HITLER NC dictator.@sad
SALUTE 
an interesting thread on christian missionaries as culture war
1. I don't know how many people who teach in Christian schools or Evangelical colleges have spent time on the Russian mission field, but I do know those groups overlap. Whatever the numbers, the broader context around international collaboration in the culture wars is important. …
... how many folks of color are wrongfully incarcerated for marijuana charges? Happy #420day
I declare in Jesus name bring home Pastor Andrew Brunson.AMEN!
He needs to come home. Now.
川普總統，副總統：加油加油！支持支持！讚美！禱告平安回國，陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
#MAGA
#Afrin
Release Pastor Andrew!
You are so right mr Vice President 
If they don’t believe in Jesus than what are they so afraid of doesn’t 
Make sense god bless you and mr 
Trump
That is because of ERDOGAN !
Yep, we all want him back, and we want him back now! Go get them POTUS!
Trump is history

http://www.businessinsider.com/fbi-seize-recordings-between-lawyers-trump-stormy-daniels-report-2018-4 …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain
Maybe he should have stayed out of Turkey.
Thank you Mr. Vice President for your efforts to bring our Pastor Brunson back home again 
Praying for Pastor Brunson. LORD please help him and his family.
Andrew Brunson
Hey @VP  in Turkey court’s are independent, what our judicature decided  you must be respect them,We Turk’s ask to you to extradite terrorist gulen your government told like that. Terrorist Gulen also head pastor of coup 15/7/2016 , you’ll have to manage with gulen as pastor @FT
AMEN!
Why don’t you trade your lives for him? Jesus told me that you should, honest!
Whats a potus?

Turkish government imposes "solitary confinement" to the detained people in long periods! Some of them also deprived their rights to see visitors!
They are only "suspects" of crimes, not confirmed criminals!
Even if they were judged as "guilty" they would still have human rights …
Don’t spoil Erdogan he won’t get anything other than harsh treatment
Please don’t forget the hundred thousand innocent people jailed by dictator Erdogan.
USA needs to do everything possible to help this kind and caring person.
Go get him white jesus.
Your Administration missed a golden opportunity. Could have arrested and jailed those thugs that accompanied Erdogan on his last visit.  Just imagine you could have been discussing a prisoner swap rather than utter these words that have no chance of being heard.
Not only Pastor Brunson, You must help all the other innocent people who are the victims of Terrorist Turkish regime Mr. President...

Who do you support?
I can’t wait till your POTUS
Thank you @VP! 
AMEN!!!!!
How many has this country wrongfully detained?
Yes! Bring him home!
Yes! Bring him home!!!
MAGA Make America Gag Again
Bring em home Lord
Pence, your bossy man had the turkey Tom to the Whitehouse a while back and his body guards went outside to beat up demonstrators. Trump/you, etc. never condemned that. Trump probably urged Tyip to send his body guards. You're all unAmerican/sly&lie!
Flushed American Leaders.
Keep the fake Christian Turkey we need less crazies have enough with Cadet Bone Spurs and Pence
Amen so be it
Delist the PKK and they will make sure theyll bring more home.
Do you dye your pubes?
DNA does not lie!!!!

Talk to you friend Erdogan.
Bring Pastor Andrew home!!
Thank you VP Pence for standing for religious liberty and for American citizens being wrongfully treated.
I need more retirement mony?
Luv VP Pence!
