The Trump tax cuts are working for Arizona. All told, our tax cuts will save the typical family of four in Arizona more than $2,100 a year on their taxes.

You’re a tool for boosting Joe Arpaio like that
You are a disgrace for saying that Arpaio is a “champion” of “the rule of law.”  He's a convicted felon!  He violated people's civil rights!  All Republicans and those who support Trump are subverting OUR democracy.
Omg, that's why it took an hour and 10 mins to get home today. Go home and take Arpaio with you. Ugh.
Your love affair with Joe Arpaio is......interesting.......
Expose that fraud Obama Sir

#Birther #Obamalegacy #Qanon #GreatAwakening 

https://youtu.be/7EAxesVQ8wo 
Unemployment rate in AZ has been falling steadily for years (graph). This administration was born on third base & claims they hit a triple.
Yeah we all know dumpy is a f****** magician with no real talent, his best trick is taking credit for what someone else did
It's a good time to ask again, why do you support convicted felons?
Was there ever a time when it wasn't an act, this moral mantle you wear? To praise Arpaio. Everyone in Trump's orbit sinks to depths they never imagined. But maybe this is who you've always been. This is who you champion:
You're a Vichy stooge
Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
How low can you go?arpaio? Why?
Thanks Obama

The decline of Mike Pence. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
Usually so proud of our VP. Unfortunately your shout out of support to "Concentration Camp Joe Arpaio is misguided and supports the worst message sent by @realDonaldTrump ."Concentration Camp Joe" stands for everything a true American and man of God should be against!
Jesus wept.
"America first"
Fine print: except the middle class, working class, teachers, students, the elderly, immigrants, members of the press, science, healthcare, etc....
And teachers are compensated less than any time in the last 20 years (adjusting for cost of living). Keep of the good work Doug!
Unemployment bas statistic for under employed bad @vp

The Indiana Stooge and Least Curious VP gave a great big Republican shout out to convicted racist sheriff Joe Arpaio — the GOP is done having sunk to this level.

Remove Trump & Stooge and vote complicit GOP Out.

Shameful.
idk mr pence y’all are standing PRETTY close idk how mother would feel ab that 
Jokester VP

he's gay, bro
@POTUS Is Very Naïve, He Allows #Pence To Fill High Positions & Governor Positions. The Phony #GOP Chairwoman (#Romney’s Niece Is #Pence+#Soros’ Righthand Woman). It Can Cost Trump His 2nd Term. @EricTrump @Flotus
Always a dough head in the bunch

"America First" background -- coincidence? You were there supporting a racist convicted criminal. Will you be stumping for the admitted nazi in Illinois too? He apparently has support -- 20,000 Repubs voted for him in primary. How far @GOP have fallen.
Time to sued Pence and AZ gov! For  human right violations in @ONU_es @VicenteFoxQue @TheDemocrats no integrity International laws. Pence is guilty of supporting human rights violators,child molestors and rapists like Trump,GOP underage sexual crimes time for jail @JudiciaryDems
#Arpaio took bribes from Putin through the NRA/Russian PM @JudiciaryDems @SenFeinstein time to impeach & Mex to sued them for human rights violations on Mexican women and children @ONU_es @UNICEF @VicenteFoxQue let us not forget the Stalin-Hitler Bund in USA history is repeating
Tweet Tweet! Then why are there more homeless out on the street? #BeHonestMichaelPence #DontLieMichaelPence
While Arizona’s Republican Governor Doug Ducey refuses to meet with his state’s teachers who are striking for higher pay, he is now in the hot seat for meeting with a pro-Trump neo-nazi group — and smiling for photos while they flashed white supremacy signs.
White supremacist coming out of the woodwork and who knows ducey is probably one also pissy pence and bone spur trump
So it's totally okay to bring politics into sports when it suits you, but kneeling NFL players are disrespectful?
NFL players disrespecting our nation is not politics...
Way to laud a former government official convicted of contempt of court for racial profiling. At least you are consistent.  WWJD
You were honored yesterday? You have NO honor at all.
Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …

lies

I am so blessed to have a VP like Mr Pence. Thank u sir.

My brother-in-law is bipolar with a brain injury. @RealSheriffJoe's officers tazed him in front of his elderly mother, arrested him for resisting. No psych care in Joe's jail for 30 days, was suicidal when released. Spent a month in a psych hospital. Of course Pence is honored. …
VP Mike Pence MAGA!
Unless you're a teacher in AZ, then you're treated like a 2d class citizen.  #RedForEd
Have you checked the debt clock lately?
We can’t hire good tech talent here and your defunding of public education makes it worse. Please unfuck this sitch ASAP k thx bye. #redfored
With all the teachers leaving the state, it makes you wonder how accurate the unemployment statistic is.
How exactly is Arizona going to grow jobs when no one will want to move here because our public education is horrible.  Strong public schools equals strong state.  Do something to help every child have the opportunity to learn and become a responsible and productive citizen.
OMG! You are a soft spoken, spineless ass kisser! Your backbone is as frail as a wet noodle. Grow a pair Mike.
You claim to be a devout Christian yet set praise on Arpaio.  Another self righteous hypocrite.  WWJD?
Liar
wouldn't your God be proud of you for supporting this monster of a human...so "christian" like of you, disgusting!
"I'm honored to have you here." 

Vice President Mike Pence recognizes ex-sheriff Joe Arpaio during a tax policy event in Arizona, calling…
Did you, as a christian, seriously just praise Joe Arpaio, the sheriff who ran a concentration camp? #ChristianNationalist

Depressing. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
I’ll tell you also what’s at a new low!  Presidential and Vice-Presidential credibility.  You’re both morally bankrupt!

Joe Arpaio is a convicted criminal who tortured people: https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=112296948 …

So if you’re looking for a speech to be offended about, start here …
so it was "an honor" for you to have a disgraced, convicted, sheriff there? You sir, are a disgrace and should resign
Can you explain why you support convicted felons?
Traitor.
OMG! You guys look like such a cute couple!
Wages earned were as low as unemployment. Unemployment could be low as Many People Must work 2 Full Time Jobs to make “Ends” Meet. “Ends” basics;Food,Clothes,Roof Over Head. Then Families worry constantly if Have Medical Disaster. TrumpStopped Affordable Health Care

Breaking: President Trump dictated 2015 letter his doctor wrote declaring him the “healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency” says letter’s author Dr. Harold Bornstein. “He dictated that whole letter. I didn't write that letter," Bornstein told CNN’s @MarquardtA
Phuck you criminal
Congratulations!

power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. AMENDMENT XIV SECTION 1 All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or
Pledged to grow jobs? Then why is he ignoring the 50,000 teachers outside of his office on the Capitol lawn? Why is he hiding instead of meeting them? He’s a coward.  #redfored #redforedaz
They have a job but chose to walk out on. Working on passing a huge increase almost every other employee would be thrilled for.
You’ve completely missed the point! Whoosh!
Got the point and it is one argruement.  Calling someone a coward for not doing what you when you walked out on the kids and community is very weak.
??
#Redfored completely missed the point in it's movement. First teachers say it is not about the wages it's about the funding then quickly settle for the wage that was already set in April 12th by Doug Ducey. Accomplished nothing.
You’re wrong though.  They did accomplish something.  They destroyed the social contract between them and parents.  They showed they aren’t leaders, but excellent followers.  #redforedisjustbullying
Will you be the POTUS in2020? Or right no is OK too.
Donald's medicines are hard stuff. Antibiotics, anti-depressive, neuroleptics, sleeping-pills, hair-fertiliser, cholesterol lowering pills, blood-pressure pill, diabetes medicine, probiotic, viagra, cheeseburgers and other junk food. Cure the cause do not treat the symptoms.
Criminal contempt of court. Do not congratulate that man.
Joe -not sheriff - Arpaio is a convicted CRIMINAL & RACIST. 

That is who the VP is praising. 
Mike Pence stands next to & behind those who lack integrity , Lawfullness & honesty. 

Birds of a feather....
Thick as thieves......
The GOP.


You are morally bankrupt, a heathen in religious camouflage.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2018/05/03/this-is-why-pences-sickening-embrace-of-arpaio-is-so-important/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.a3c40a33acee … #Arpaio #arizonaelection
Thanks to Obama cleaning up Bush’s mess!!!! All you and Trump have done is make billionaires richer while the rest of us pay the bill.
Don't come here and praise that convicted thug Arpaio. You don't know what he's put the state through
Except tax collectors.  No job creation there. Job cuts instead. No creation of jobs, no revenue gained just stupid government at its best. Lies lies and spin.
You need to muzzle Kelley Townsend before she blows any shot you have of being re-elected.

Have you started to measure for new drapes yet!
Gov Douchey don’t be a bag. Give the teachers a raise. It is only right. What the hell? Only top 1% billionaires get a break?
@dougducey should have been working on state budget instead of tax  rally that has hurt to many
#PenceKnew
Giuliani says Trump reimbursed Cohen for Stormy Daniels paymenthttps://www.cnn.com/2018/05/02/politics/giuliani-hannity-comey/index.html.   #ChristianValues
You are a disgrace to your office and someone completely unqualified to represent this great country
Arpaio, pence and trump! What a group!
Builds up a felon to the people around him, thats our vp,no morals at all, a law man that brakes the law, convicted by his peers and our vp praises him, tell the citizens he is honored for him to be thier, thats our little swamp monster vp, no honor left in him!
Something is really, really wrong with you.
"I'm honored to have you here." 

Vice President Mike Pence recognizes ex-sheriff Joe Arpaio during a tax policy event in Arizona, calling…
It’s a bubble
You are an embarrassment to this country praising Arpaio...you've finally shown your true colors! @VP no integrity!
Why did you support Racists Mike Pence?
Go read the red-letter Bible and the true teachings of Christ then you will know how much you’ve sold your souls going to work for this administration. There’s still time to repent!

Explain to us how you can say Arpio fights for the rule of law, when he was CONVICTED FOR BREAKING THE LAW. How can you possibly reconcile your statement. We would love to hear your explanation
so mikey, this racist is your friend?  not arpaio, this nut:

WATCH: Pence calls Arpaio a "champion" of "rule of law" despite past conviction http://hill.cm/npY95aG  
He also washes vaginas.
You are evil.  Endorsing Arpaio?  And you call yourself Christian?
Your not welcome in AZ, Pence.  Don’t come back.
VP Pence , it was difficult to watch you praise a convicted criminal , joe arpaio , although pardoned , he was still convicted of a crime . This really says a lot about your   Character and you as a person . Please be careful , in the future , of who you praise

Screw criminal Joe Arpaio. Instead of praising that racist xenophobe, why don’t you praise a hero like Janes Shaw?  And why did Traitor Trump ignore him?
Vice President Pence: How very sad to see you compromise your morality, your humanity, & your Christian values in order to support a President who has none. Your support of Arpaio reflects just how much the President has corrupted you. You've lost your moral compass.
Pence you hanging in there to see if Trump is impeached and your president?
You're not a saint & God doesn't talk to u specifically. I've talked to God many times he's never answered me
What makes you so special?
I'm taking care of a special needs son ... why does he answer you?
Meanwhile... you also support a racist #POS as a sheriff. I hope you both get thrown in jail, forced to wear Pink Underwear, and forced to eat rotten food. Then come back and say what a wonderful man #JoeArpaio is. Just gross and evil pair
Arpaio as a “ champion of the rule of law”? @VP , you’re disgusting! WWJD? #LiarInChief #FatNixon
Good
My baby know more than me
Good work mr pence. That's exactly what people need. And if so you easing their burden then the lord please will bless you.
God bless our Vice President.
Boosting Arpaio? There’s fake news and you are a fake Christian. Go home and take Arpaio with you. Disgusting.
Arpaio is not a law and order human being. God does not sleep Pence. God does not sleep!
You're a great man vice president Mike Pence.

Doug Douchey should be meeting with our educators and working on a plan for funding our schools & teachers, not meeting with you. Another excuse for avoiding them I guess.


Since you clowns haven't done anything besides appoint a stolen Justice in the beginning of last year and pass that Lame #TaxScamBill that no one wanted or asked for at the end of last year that means Obama's Policies are the reason for the 10 year Low..#OnTheWrongPageAgainSon
For the Vice President to call someone held in contempt of court for unconstitutional racial profiling a “tireless champion” of the rule of law isn’t just a stretch, it’s an insult. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status …

Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
Pence like the rest of the Trump cultists does NOT BELIEVE in the rule of law.
Arizona has like 10 people who live there. It's a state that has nothing but desert and the walking dead. Nobody gives a rats ass about Arizona, not now, not ever.
Ducey?  Mike Pence. You have lost all respect from so many for acknowledging Arapaio. When you go the prison with Trump maybe we could put him in charge. You do like wearing pink panties, living in a tent with no AC or heat,and eating food with bugs in it right?
So let me see if I understand this right. Shithole countries are worthy of our ire, but shithole states are worthy or our praise. Got it.
Symmetrically corrupt?

Interestingly, you didnt give the numbdrs for either
Please give the Teachers in Arizona a raise!
What a POS you are Pence. #ImpeachTrumpPence
VP Pence u r a despicable man 2 praise an evil man
You have kissed Joe Arapaio's ass, now do the same for Roy Moore. Any respect for you has gone down the drain anyway.
And then u were "honoured" to recognize Joe Piehole - you have obviously lost all of your moral values under this lying President. How r u going to try & justify this at the Pearly Gates?????? @GOP @WhiteHouse
Translation: I love this guy, I pinched his butt heaps... he loved it, I love him.
You should be ashamed of yourself!  Sheriff Arpaio!  Really?
You couldn't be any more non-Christian if you tried.

Your such a horrid person.

My god you liberals are the biggest cry babies  in the world.
Your words are quite ironic and telling.  

You're allied with a traitor to the US and a torturer, both of whom are racist human rights violators who've violated the law and believe they're above it.  History will record that you are no example of a Christian at the very least.
If it's one of your political pals Pence he's another taxpayer waste!
Unemployment has been falling since @POTUS44 was in Office.    THANKS @BarackObama !

Dont believe it !
http://www.newsweek.com/mike-pence-praises-disgraced-sheriff-joe-arpaio-tireless-champion-rule-law-907883?amp=1 …     You are a piece of 
You are a disgrace. There is no honour associated with Arpio. Ever. Just hate and bigotry.  We all see what is going on and what u stand for. The farthest thing from Christian faith.
You are a vile man. I see no Jesus in you - FAKE CHRISTIAN!!! Joe Arpio - REALLY??? Allowed racial profiling, rapes and who knows what else. How much lower will you sink? You are slime!!!!
Did you meet with the teachers here? Or just skip that part?
Hey vice-MAGA-tard, Sheriff Joe Arpaio is a damn convicted felon who flouted the law and should be in a cell next to your nefarious, fascist boss. The racist fool Sheriff Joe is certainly not a champion of the rule of law, not any more than you are a champion of moral rectitude.
You took your eye off of the true Standard and replaced it with Trump! Arpaio is NOT one to be honored by! Please don’t lose yourself....
But you already said unemployment down because of federal tax cuts, not a governor--who gets credit?
Disgraceful, liar. Joe Arpaio, broke the law didn't uphold the law - didn't uphold the law. Your tax cuts are not helping the American people. #worsethantrump #worstvicepresidentever
Amen 
If you ever had a credible leg to stand on, standing shoulder to shoulder with the most corrupt and inept #POTUS ever has soiled you beyond any chance of redemption. And then you go and dig deeper by announcing you're "honored" to be in the company of Sheriff Joe? 


For the Vice President to call someone held in contempt of court for unconstitutional racial profiling a “tireless champion” of the rule of law isn’t just a stretch, it’s an insult. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …

At an event in Phoenix today, Pence  described Sheriff Joe Arpaio as “a tireless champion of strong borders and the rule of law.” (Arpaio received a presidential pardon after he was convicted of contempt for refusing a court order to stop profiling Latinos)
Csnt afford teacher, but the 1% can afford their summer homes.
Liar.  Arpaio tortured people.  He is a torturer, not some shining beacon of democracy.
Perhaps you should resign and go back to Arizona permentatly
You can make the numbers say whatever you want. The TRUTH is that employment numbers last year were the worst in 6 years.  FACT!
You sir are bought and sold sycophant the words you used to introduce the convicted Criminal convicted torturing prisoners ignoring the law and you say these words with a smile and a straight face can't wait to vote you out of office unless Mueller catch your ass first

Mike Pence is “honored” to have Joe Arpaio at his event? And he calls a bigoted criminal who tortured inmates a “strong champion of the rule of law”? Even Arizona Republicans know this man undermines the most basic of American values. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
Bring back Sheriff Joe!! He was the best thing about Arizona!!
Well your words tell who you are. A white supremacist.
Blah blah blah!
He has a huge problem on his hand regarding education.  Oh wait you don’t care just like rest of your Administration

We pray....
@SenateGOP @GOP This WH administration and the Republicans have a weird way of welcoming criminals to their ranks. Arpaio is a criminal guilty of crimes against humanity. What happens to a country that puts criminals in leadership? They become like Venezuela. Dorks
Just wait... tech sector is gonna tank again soon
Sure Jan!
oh please sir go to the loving hut on union hills 35 ave
Vice President Pence- would you ask President Trump to help my family-Bryce and Maryl Wilks bring their adopted children home from Nigeria? Please intervene and ask the American consulate to grant their legally adopted children visas to come home to the US. Please
So did education funding
Thanks, Obama!
Gov le Douchey and his bag shout out to a criminal-Arpaio. Trumps team. Losers all the way.  Tax cut for top 1%. Not in AZ. Not teachers
Pence, you revolt me and nauseate me beyond words.

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
