LIAR
Just wait,the CON will be over soon
Please support Petition to @realDonaldTrump calling an international investigation into Smolensk Plane Crash, April 10th 2010, where Polish President Lech Kaczyński was killed!. We have 50 000 signatures! need 100 000.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …
We are going further and further downhill.  America is in its final days
Just like lyin Ryan. No evidence it has significantly helped except for rich and big corporations. Are Christians supposed to lie?
Corporations are basically people.  Everything corporations earn ultimately goes to people.
Corporations have legal status similar to people but are not in fact people.
The main mission is to make money for the stockholders/investors. They do not exist for the benefit of employees or clients.
And what are stockholders and investors?  Answer: people
Mostly banks and rich people, very little owned by average Americans even tsking inyo account 401k s and mutual funds.
Rich people are people.  By the way, not all shareholders are rich.  I know several people that are invested in the market that aren't rich.  Many employees get stock bonuses as part of their total compensation.
Not many, mostly top executives, thats why dtock buybacks are extra bonus to them.
Institutional investors control the lion's share of publicly owned stock.
And what are executives like myself? Answer: people
It’s a sin to lie and now you are hanging out with racists and calling Arpaio -who BROKE THE LAW by racial profiling and not following court orders a law and order guy?? Really? &you’re ok with sending families back to violence #youarenochristian.
Nope, lies. This is what your tax cuts are for
As Reagan found out, and every GOP Prez after him, cutting taxes on the upper 1% & large businesses means the money goes to CEOs and share holders, not to the people looking for jobs, or those already working.  Recessions follow within 18 months.  Read history.
You’re a liar and a shell of a man.
Yeah, you just keep deluding yourself
. @VP I see what you're doing here. You see 45 about to go down in a big way, and you're trying to garner "votes" so you can wear big boy pants after he goes to jail.

You do realize you're just as guilty, right? Do you think we don't know it?
My taxes in NY going up by $600 you phony christian
Liar
you cut taxes for the rich. get the facts straight.  You are also a bigot and have zero moral compass except to claim to be a decent person- which being a bigot and  extremely unchristian you never will be.  When #45 is done, so are you.
Yes it is
Wait until next April at deadline time, the truth will come out! #TaxScam

great speech. what was with that shaky video?
What YOU need to cut is...THE BULLSHIT!
We see who you are, having a love fest with known felon Joe Arpaio. Ask him about his Jail, I propose we reopen it just for you and the Trump crime family, I will come visit AZ just to come and laugh at you and the Trump Family wearing pink jumpsuits, and living in tents. Traitor
Time to build bussiness
Gas prices have and are eating up tax break. Oil companies ripping us off!!! Again and again!!!
Thank you for the tax cut. It means a lot.
Translation: We were never having trouble competing in the world market... until Trump... ummm... yeah, were coming up with stuff so you won't notice.

You CUT taxes for the rich. I’m a payroll manager. The majority of our workforce saw 15 bucks in their checks and when they went on IRS and used the tax calculator they’ll OWE at the end of the year. Oh yeah, they’re THRILLED. You’re either stupid or criminal. 
LIARS!!! You are ALL LIARS!  Nothing but LIES & PROPAGANDA! This Tax Cut SCAM is nothing more then helping out your rich cronies (and yourselves) make MORE money, all at the expense of the deficit & Middle Class! YOU ARE RAPING THE COUNTRY!  VOTE 11/06/18!
liar.
Tax cuts have made a difference to corporations and the 1%, not American families.

Also forgot to tell everyone how the #GOPTaxScam will add $1.9 trillion to the nat'l debt EVERY year gor the next 10 years per CBO.
You forgot to mention that @USTreasury just borrowed $488 billion due to loss of revenues as a direct result of #GOPTaxScam.  
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2018-04-30/treasury-s-488-billion-in-borrowing-sets-a-first-quarter-record?__twitter_impression=true …
Thank you Mr. V.P. Pence. We are getting more than $800 a year thanks to the tax cuts !!!
Marco Rubio disagrees
That’s right! We are just learning from our tax preparers, how screwed we here in the middle class really are. 
So many lies from you.
Propaganda
Things don't quite seem to be working out this way despite your assertions--keep saying it, though. After multiple repetitions many will believe you regardless of those pesky facts and other indications of reality.
You CUT TAXES for billionaires so they can buy new yachts.  So the rich could be richer. You’re fake news.
It doesn't help if we are paying .50 more for a gallon of gas
Mr. Pence sir as a man of God & faith .how can you set and watch what CPS, & DCFS are doing to our children ? Our families, to take our children from a loving family and place them with abusers ? I really want to know? Please have the guts to answer.
The tax bill will show its true colors in April, 2019 when the middle class will see the increase. Conveniently, you baited us with a few extra bucks in the paycheck and real hit comes AFTER the midterm elections. NONE of you are public servants, instead, public menaces.
Nobody believes this
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … Please help

Are we winning or see you just a whining ass.
What an extra $1.50 per pay? Ive got friends who are now paying more tax!
This is pure schiesse. #TaxScamBill You @GOP people just did great damage to “we the people” and there will be a reckoning. DId you take rubles too from the NRA via the DNC? You’ll be sorry. #GOPCollusion #GOPComplicit
They haven’t given the people of Florida a dime. There was no tax cut.
B...U...L...L...S...H...I...T
Why did you let anyone in People have been waiting 14 years So wrong
lol, total BS; Americans are not as stupid as you think! We know the top 1% (#Pussygrabber's rich resort friends) got 85% of tax cuts, and the poor went home with a few dollars more #ImpeachPussygrabber #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #RadicalChristianTerrorists #WhiteSupremacistTerrorists
90 percent of businesses, representing more than one-third of all business activity, in the United States are structured as flow-through entities businesses that do not pay the corporate income tax, but rather pass profits through to owners who pay tax under the individual income
Now, if US were fuck off from the rest of the world and were engaged in own taxes. It would be fantastic
TAX CUTS?
I have a dream:
DUMP TAXES ALLTOGETHER...
Thank you Mr. VP
God don't like liars!
I never paid so much in taxes then what I paid this year
Liar
This in it self is obstruction of another type. Depriving the voting public the truth about our Presidents true health. He should be disciplined by Congress domecway.
Lap Dog....
Stop the BS rhetoric! Only helped the rich, wasn't reform just lower taxes for the silver spoons!!
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！一定成功！陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
If you continuously compete with others,you become a bitter.But if you continuously compete with yourself,you become a better.
So sad you’ve sold your soul and are working for trump. You’ve become a pseudo-Christian. What happened to your moral compass? #MostUnstableAndCorruptPresidencyEver
Not for the poor or the old on fixed incomes
Liar. I do payroll. My check didn't go up one cent. I'm the lowest paid in the company.
You cut taxes for businesses and the rich.  You should be ashamed.
Why do you support convicted felons?
It hasn't trickled down, Mike.
Working class love Dear President Trump!
Oh my goodness Trump ramblings are contagious Pence caught it the white house doctor.
The tax cuts are causing major retailer to big bankrupt. They have added a trillion dollars to the debt and put us at the mercy of China who we just borrowed from. You sure lie a lot for a “Christian”.
Difference where?
We just heard today apple will buy back 100 billion stock buyback. This is a difference but with the wrong side
You lie! #LIAR

BS Mikey.
I get an extra $1.50 a week on my check, and I pay an extra $5 for gas.  WIN!!!!!!!!!
Welcome to Spin Class. http://thehill.com/policy/finance/385532-rubio-no-evidence-that-corporate-tax-cut-is-overwhelmingly-benefiting-workers …


Nope.
Stop lying ! #GOPTaxScam
A difference for the top 1%!  Im on social security and the cost of living increase was $20 more a month. Yet the GOPIGS want a raise?!? Hell no raise for the GOPIGS!
Yawn. More lies.
Why do you need to continually WASTE our tax dollars flying around trying to convince us of something you have already doneStay in Washington, you screwed 90% of America with #GOPTaxScam!
Those gas prices and interest rates, though.
Незнаю по поводу победы во всем мире...но у себя в Америке Вы можете делать все, что приносит благосостояние...Пора наводить порядок в США..Бороться с преступностью,бандитизмом,пароками,наркотиками...Если у Вас еще осталась Вера в Господа Бога-воспользуйтесь ею-обязательно

More and more GOP lies.
I got an extra $4 per week you asshat
I get $15 more a paycheck of course with gasoline increases, I pay $20 more a week. You would think Exxon’s 8.3billion dollar tax break would trickle down.
I can't even listen to him anymore either, a creepy puppet
Lies
Tax cuts for Arizona ? What is he talking about! I did not receive a tax cut actually i pay more in taxes
So hanging with a pardoned felon is cool ?
Define “more.”
lol - you are so out of touch with the middle class. My taxes have gone up and so has my mortgage thanks to our president's work. Hope we make it.
ayuda a Venezuela
Fiscally irresponsible.
Now tell them what you did to the deficit.
This administration is a joke the tax cuts where their joke on us
#SellTheGOPTaxScam
Wow if there noses would grow every time they said a lie there nose could wrap around the earth a hundred times or more
You cut taxes for employers and business owners. I'm not saying that's bad, I'm just being honest.
Better talk to Rubio. You are lying thru your teeth
They aren't. You know it's a made up lie
Job creators???? Cal them what they are, non-living, profiteering, greedy corporations looking to increase their bottom line and fill their coffers with cash. Period.

And you, Pence, are not a true Christian. Probably not human either. But you are an evil POS. #basta
You CUT TAXES for job creators so they could... take more home in dividends every month.
Millions in savings for Trump kids. Mention that lately?
You're a liar. If the tax cuts were so great, you, trump and McConnell wouldn't have to keep repeating the same old crap about it.  Just because you say or tweet it, doesn't make it true.
Then we drive to those jobs over unstable bridges and potholes because there is no money to fix them, due to tax cuts.
Does anyone in this administration know what the truth is? Your #TaxScamBill only benefited the wealthy & big business #lying4Trump #treasonousGOP #UnfitForOffice
The American People call Bullshit!!  More like the GOP TAX SCAM THAT ONLY BENEFITS THE WEALTHY AND CORPORATIONS AT THE EXPENSE OF THE MIDDLE CLASS AND BLOATS THE DEFECIT!!!!
#1 Sycophant 
Liar...
How much did the gov. Borrow this month. Somewhere around 4 billion.
You cut taxes for yourself and your wealthiest donors - you charged every man, woman and child 2-4000 each for your personal tax breaks!  The commandments forbid you from bearing false witness.  You profess to believe but your acts contradict your profession of faith
I know someone who gets 8.50$ a month extra. WOW
Is this the permanent tax cut? Or is that just for businesses? Asking for a friend

Bull Shit 
Maybe you should talk to @marcorubio about that
Where???
Your going to make a great President
And yet you can’t even pay your teachers are educate your students in Arizona those poor kids are suffering thanks to you!
Even Rubio knows this is BS!
All of which expire and pale in comparison to the Corporate welfare in the law ( and which is permanent Have you no shame?
Once again, political campaign tweets from your government account are a no no.  Fortunately in the trump administration, this illegal activity is about 14,000th on the list of crimes.
You are a liar. Even bought and paid for Marco Rubio has admitted that this was a scam to pay off the rich and corporations!
Ko đẹp
The Indiana Stooge

Has No Plan

Parrots Trump

Welcomes convicted racist sheriff Joe Arpaio.

Remove Trump & Stooge — they are dangerous to a decent democracy.
Nice try Mike. BS
Lol
Trump's tax plan should save the largest American companies $150 billion — here's how they're spending that money

That is not true. At least not according to a novel prize winning economist...but what does he know?
Total bullshit!
You cut taxes for your rich buddies
If you're jealous then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can be rich like me.
But you didn't cut my taxes nearly as much as you did for your beard.
Marco Rubio seems to disagree. Also, almost every economist...details
You don't believe that yourself.
#not46

I think your camera guy is tweaking.
Enough for a big box store membership anyway.  Woohoo!

Lying piece of Christofascist trash. Jesus weeps. And God will judge you into the fiery depths of hell. Yup, she wiil.
#nope
Excelente trabajo del Señor Presidente Donald Trump, líder mundial de la paz
Lying Son of a Bitch... Those Tax Cuts only Benefit the Rich and your Corporate friends. Hard working American People will have to make up for them. Besides, a Government that Murders Three Thousand of it's own citizens has No Right to Collect Taxes from ANYBODY. END AIPAC! BDS!
Liar.

All $6.21 a week?

Sir, you might want to explain this to little @marcorubio #MAGA
Interesting, my taxes went down about $2500!
GE took their money and ran to Mexico, Ford is closing some US plants and moving to China, Harley-Davidson is laying off 800 people. I can give you more if you want the facts. Interest rates raised 8 times so far. Possible tariffs Wars raising prices on food. Fuel prices going up
Corporate tax cuts only enrich the wealthy owners and stock holders; not the workers who scrape by on crumbs.
1.  Why do you say that like us shareholders don't matter?  We're people too.
2. Many workers are also shareholders like myself.  I get stock bonuses as part of my total compensation.
That's BS. Trickle Down has never worked, it only makes the rich richer & the poor poorer. But you know that & that's one of the things that makes you a traitor & a fraud. #trickledowneconomics #GOPTaxScam #truthmatters  #resist
Letting me keep more of my own money does not make others poorer.  It's my money, not theirs.  If you're jealous then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can be rich like me.
Trump comment during the debates.
“We have to become competitive with the world. Our taxes are too high, our wages are too high, everything is too high,” 
The temporary tax cuts did not raise wages. I guess that was the plan.
Marco Rubio says you are lying, sir. Lying is a big old sin.
Nuh-uh, moron in waiting. We all know what a sham the “tax cuts” are.
#LyingPence cut taxes for his rich friends, since they will support him when he gets out of jail.
