Nice pic All my friends
WHAT!! Did @VP just support science?!?
Feb 12, 2018 · Donald Trump wants to shut down the International Space Station and get ready for private ... eliminates NASA's independent education program, and reduces funding for earth science.
I Loves and respected First Lady pence

I appreciate your support of our space program! We should never fall behind in this endeavor.  So many new technologies derive from this pursuit.
Thanks for visiting. Now go home.
Look, there is Mike & his Mommy
Good to see you will visit a vital source of national science resource and space missions in spite of the admin initial move to cut budget.
God bless you Sir!
He thinks that @NASA is gonna go look for Jesus and ask him when is he coming back

CA hates you!
Are you a red hat or a white cap?


YOU DID IT CORRECTLY! >>>>  "KAREN & I"  Remember the letter sent last year! You & Karen were Pre-Ordained by the LORD, to serve as you are now! RAISE UP your wife! She has much WISDOM to give to the women in our nation!
No, she doesn’t. She’s as bigoted as her husband.
Actually, you know not of what you speak.
I know that if he was truly Christian, he’d be more concerned about the poor, the sick, & the needy. You can quote scripture at me all you want, but if you’re not caring for those who are less fortunate, no matter the color of their skin or who they love, I don’t buy it. Bigoted.
The left - will give a man a fish. 
The right - will teach a man to fish. 

So who has more concern for the poor and needy again?
To extend your analogy, most people would love to be taught to fish and to have the fishing pole & bait. But if in the meantime they’re working minimum wage jobs, can’t take time off work for fishing class, and can’t afford the pole, they’re going to starve.
And yet you fail to understand human nature.
I’d prefer that we don’t let people starve. 

That's awful! Don't you have anything better to do with your time! May God open your eyes buddy! God bless you!
I would like to know how u can be a good Christian and put up with lies from trump. That's all
God puts all Presidents in office! Even Obama who is proved every day to be untruthful! God is in control no matter how much you don't like it. God bless you!
Try not to touch anything labeled 'Critical Space Hardware. Do Not Touch' this trip, eh?!
Please don’t come

Pence, you're wife and daughter remind me so much of my young mother ^^ idk how you did it, but fantastic job <3
I was there once. Amazing  they can fit all those brains into such a small parking lot.
Dear Sir My name is SGT Jesse C Baggett Sr, Retired.  I am trying to get a lung transplant.  I was denied at Wisconsin.  I also tried at Seattle, Washington where they said maybe. I am breathing on 30%of my lung.  Please help me. I have grandkids play with. Thank you, Jesse
God is saving CA!

Is Mother easy for the NRA like you? We all know your fetish is for cold steel, not hot flesh, does Karen go hard for the NRA like you do?
So pround of you Sir, thank you for been such a unique CONSERVATIVE GENTLEMAN THE WORLD NEEDS to see It.
I AM from SÃO PAULO BRAZIL.
Ewww please stay away
no
I cant even caugh without feeling extreem pain Sir/.
Proud of you

Bobble head Pence joins “shambolic choad of a president”. 

Another page added to their disgraceful chapter in history.
Our shambolic choad of a president, in front of Paralympians at the WH:

"What happened with the Paralympics was so incredi…
Thank you4saving NASA many of my former speech students want to be astronauts when I told them in 2012 that Obama dismantled it they were!
You shouldn't be teaching if you lie so boldly to little children. FOR SHAME.

Those of us living on the California border welcome Mike Pence.  Our governor won't come here, but you think we are worthwhile!  Thanks



Mi gran deseo es que le valla muy bien Señor vicepresidente Mike Pence, Dios le bendiga grandemente
Saludo
Politics aside, it's good to see elected leaders focus on space exploration
Remember this time to NOT TOUCH the space equipment....
Thank you for visiting our State Vice President Pence and Mrs. Pence!
Get the fuck out of my state
You're such an ass!
Breathe princess, breathe!
While you’re in the neighborhood, go sneak in a round on disc golf at oak grove in la Canada.
Science deniers are a security risk. Don't show him everything.
EXCITING!!!
AMEN!!!
Pence & karen ,

Forever for America 
For the peace of the world...

I envy the United States. 
Justice & good soul.

I pray God bless you
God bless you all!!!!
Mother and Pence. I can't anymore. Just when I think he's not vp any longer he posts some crap. #goawaymikey
Science

God bless this man!! What a beautiful human being!!
Thank you Rita! God bless you too!
Please leave you’re not welcome here.
In other words you dare to speak in behalf of 40 million people? 
Yes. You trumptards are a minority here.
Nazi much? No wonder you love Pence and Trump.
I read your TL Frau Braun. We don’t need German  “Alt right” Nazi living fascists commenting on US citizens. We have enough of your ilk living w/in our own borders.  #Verpissdich!
Great job
I doubt NASAs integrity.
We have the best Vice President and Second Lady they represent Our Country with Dedication and Love
Maybe you and your wife should visit Stormy Daniels. You know, talk about your outstanding xtian values and compare notes. You support, back, and defend a treasonous adulterer. You have no morals. No credibility. After we jail your boss, we are coming after you traitor

You're doing a pretty good job staying out of the scandal spotlight.  Don't think you will be spared for lying to the FBI and the public.  You were just as involved in the russia connection!
You do realize you're wasting what's left of taxpayer money, there isn't that much left after you gave it all away to the top 1%.
Do enjoy your visit, Vice President Pence and the first Lady.
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020 
#TrumpAndPence4prison2020
Go home pls

So in other words Mike you are saying let God Heal them or take care of them instead of Us (meaning you the government right????
And they will!

Now the whole family can ignore the do not touch signs together
NASA obtains lots of data on global warming and climate change. Ask them about it out while there!
you need conversion therapy
They tried. Didn’t work!
obviously and he still can't understand the Bible either; if he accepts Christ then he should set the 1st testament aside where he seeks to judge others through a verse that God admitted by sending Christ was a mistake.
Your trolling is on point
Well it’s because @VP Mike “Zero” Pence is trolling us with his faux advocacy for science, so a troll for a troll
Wheels are coming for you and down A big Bus with big wheels you're about to be thrown under
"A paper trail leads directly back to Mike Pence. Pence knew Michael Flynn was a paid foreign agent for Russia. Trump & Pence hired him anyways.” Scott Dworkin #AMJoy #Reiders 
Another disappointed liberal democrat, more.mouth then facts!
More made up BS as to who I am and how I feel. I am neither of those things. Did that make you feel better defining who I am by your limitations? You lost that when you lowered yourself to insults David
Don't ever lose, nor will we the people that support TRUMP,  a real president, lose .
Keep making up stories and talking more BS It will ease your pain that is to come You lost when Trump entered the White House As did he And you are not We the people
No just some looking for Obama's freebies,  will move to mexico they will give money for running drugs. When will you reconize the im0rovements in jobs, economy, international respect . Was here inder the dumicrats
The post I made to Mike Pence for him, not you.  Is this what you do in life when someone else is being given something, making it about you just to meet a need for more love connection and significance?
#CombOverlords bitch tweets again
You allow mother to wear slacks? Shocking.
Staying as far away from the boss as possible. Smart.
Mother and Pency seem like they are just a retired couple traveling around to random sites looking for spots to put the RV. 

What are the meaning and benefits if these field trips besides wasting tax payer dollars?
God protect you and your family in Jesus name.
Resign
Space X
If you're going to tweet this arsehole into my timeline, I'm unfollowing. Goodbye
Very vertical
you are like

masakosama=

father
and
the michikosama!!
#FullDisclosureNow

We the people in California. And before you repeat yourself, I'm not a Dem.
I don't "hate" anyone, Jamie. But it sounds like you hate anyone who doesn't kiss this administration's ass.
Until now since you've gotten your paws on the programs and will probably cut more out of the NASA budget to stick in your pockets, and the pockets of your billionaire pals.
Zero trust and even less faith in the so-called VP.
NASA, It's been nice knowing you.
Yes they have. Their work includes demonstrating scientifically that humans are adding CO2 to the air and heading the planet toward a climate catastrophe. Ask them while you are there.
F35 stealth aircraft technology, machine technology transfer in Korea!
She deserves that
Which parts of science are you okay with? Anything about the environment? How dangerous pregnancy and child birth is for women? Or 11 year olds for that matter? Or 11 year olds who were raped by their fathers or priests?
The boffins that make it all happen, the brains to work out trajectorys, orbits, signals, manoeuvres, fuel,cargo,weights,speeds, all hero's
Support #Biafra 
#Referendum 
#Freedom 
#Biafra 
The terrorist @MBuhari in America can the Devil win ?
Are you going to stop by @SpaceX as well?
It's amazing that California would even permit you to go there considering they are American and you stand against America & freedom.
SpaceX surpassing the archaic ways
I DO NOT LIKE LIE PEOPLE
There goes my neighborhood...
You and your wife are not welcome in California get the hell out.
GOV Jerry Brown thinks you're an ASSHOLE.  He is correct.
Shot it off in to space!  God Bless You
So - most interesting-Pence in Dallas for an NRA event-wherein NO GUNS allowed . SOoooooooo-a little hypocrisy being served up in the “ open carry guns everywhere state”!!!!!!!!
Control your boss!
Try not to mention that you (and the ludicrously idiotic administration you represent) don’t believe in science.

Also, NO TOUCHY.

#NASA #ScienceNotSilence #ImpeachTrump #JPL
#FlipThe23rd #BlueWave2018 #Dems2018 #Trump

Mr Vice President join us with your Family on May 4th evening before @NASAJPL Mars Rocket Launch at @VandnebergAFB at Boys and Girls Club,Lompoc,forgotten town of Space  where my @LadyRocketSpace Foundation is launching first Space Inspiration  Program using also @NASAJPL awry.
hallo
Ahhh ! You and Mrs. Vice President Karen look incredible!
Pasarlo bien.
Mr. Pence when u going to show us what u working with ,I'm so tired of trump .
the place where the magic of rockets is made
The irony of this statement comes from man who believes that science is a fantasy.  You and your both are both a disgrace to this country.
Karen you look amazing in your cute outfit and red sweater!  Classy lady you are!
Too bad the new NASA head doesn’t understand science and ur administration politicizes science
The only FOUR PEOPLE FREE TO VIEW YOUR GLORY!
That's a new use of the word "nearly".
GOD BLESS AMERICA!
MAGA!
So many stupid liberal commentators, get over that coughing Hillary lost and we are doing great without those people, dear Lord get over it, give our new administration a chance to prove themselves without your hatred, they are working for all of us as one country, all for one!!
Go Vice President Pence!!
do us a favor and stay away. hypocritical trump supporting buffoon.
Please tell me you aren’t destroying this organization too like by putting a plumber in charge. Isn’t that how Trump runs things?
@NASAJPL doesn't want to have any contact with people like @VP who don't trust science.

Go home.
Stay away nobody want you here
Great
Dang I wish I could go
Why don't you go into area 51 and Guantanamo bay where all the weird real shot is and happens
Delete your account.
You leaving earth when the shit hits the fan huh.. lotta NASA visits
This is a funny Great Picture. Love it Karen
@KTLA @NASAJPL Welcome To California! Not all of us are crazy liberals here but we have more than our fair share! #MAGA
Please leave our beautiful state. You’re only welcome back with “mother” (creepy as hell by the way) once you grow a spine and speak out against our horrible POTUS. How’s it feel to be part of the worst political stain in the history of our country! #samefulDays
Go home....you aren't welcome
https://www.gofundme.com/fighting-until-the-last-breath … @realDonaldTrump
Always on fundraising events instead of working for the American people
Muccivil
Say hello to Moonbeam and give him a kick in the butt tell him to get that wall built down there and stop this Sanctuary City crap!
Hey Mr VP, if you need a fake name to get into @SlammerClubLA you can use ours “john smith”! Its also dark enough nobody will notice you working that glory hole!
Ugh! So Is it going to West Hollywood? Quick somebody check @SlammerClubLA to see if he’s there! Come out! Come out Mikie! It’s “ok to be gay” in California
Get out!
All of a sudden, the liberal lefts start caring about travel expenditure wasting taxpayers' money.  Where were u guys from 2009 - 2016?
Safe flight and a safe Home Sir.
#California doesn’t want you @VP #nowall #noconversiontherapy #homophobe #DumpPence #California did not vote for you!! #PenceGoHome
Who r u?????? U say VP
who's paying for all this travel. Stay in Washington where your job is.
Love our VPOTUS & 2ND LADY TO THE UNITED STATES.
Safe journey Mr. Veep!
Oh Knowgosh we were having such good weather here today! Storm clouds a brewin’
STAY AWAY!!!! 
Science > religious mumbo jumbo
Interesting that most science, when followed to its logical end, reinforces what Scripture has said all along... Human genome project=common ancestors, etc
