Dangerous liaisons..
I call fake news on this!
No, here's the untouched-up version:
This info is 100% truth!
Forgive my French but it’s bull! Merkel is the daughter of a preacher. Happy to name multiple legitimate sources (names of authors too) who can collaborate this! Anyone can put up an A4 with graphics on the internet and smear people. Y’all gotta be better than this!
Ohh....so your sources are better than the FBI, CIA declassified documents?? Hahaha she was adopted...to hide the truth.
Tin foil hats are out! Provide me with an actual CIA report or FBI report that confirms this. Not a “source” who claims to have this information.

I'm sorry but Germany is not our ally they're allowing terrorist to take over their country and putting Muslims in the high seats it is no different than when Hitler Adolf Hitler ran their country she is just a female Hitler in my eyes
France and Germany both trade with Iran. That's why they want the Iran deal to be kept in place. They don't want any sanctions put in place that would hinder their trade. They couldn't care less if Iran develops a nuke and uses it against the U.S. 
Did you touch her?  
Does Mother know?
What was it like to shake hands with the actual leader of the free world now?
Just ONE FAVOR: PLEASE!  Tell her that Germany/Austria/Bavaria needs to BUILD A WALL & STOP ALL MASS MIGRATION of who used to be called Middle Eastern Oriental Peoples! Tell them to go home & RE-BUILD THEIR OWN NATIONS!

Trump sexually assaulted and/or raped over 20 women (that we know of). How will they feel about him receiving the Nobel Prize?

Notice how it’s not America’s agenda? It’s all about Trump not the American people with this administration
Trump’s agenda is real America agenda! look how angry merkel was in press conference  because Trump is pushing her way too much on their trade surplus and nato spending.



We're committed to working with our allies to advance Trump's agenda abroad. Sounds like a good way to get rid of your allies....screw what they want or need right?
.Merkel. Mullahs have been running all the Euroa politicians so far, but President Trump is now serious and will end the Europe-Mullah lobby forever. Thank you Mr. President . Stop Europe Supporting to Mullah Regime in  Iranian.
Do NOT fall for her "open border" policy @VP . #AngelaMerkel is collapsing Germany by flooding the country with so called "refugees", and the German citizens are being raped, robbed & beaten by these monsters!!

What will Mother say about you touching another woman? Oh Dear!
That face you make when ...
I still and will always say - Merkel SUCKS -&- The Germans are IDIOTS to continue to support this MORON Merkel

Uh, Trump admitted tto the Russian ambassador the next day, and then on national television the day after that, that he fired Comey to stop the Russia probe. There’s video.
https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/i-was-going-to-fire-comey-anyway-trump-tells-lester-holt-in-interview-941538371971 … https://twitter.com/TexasGal1125/status/989923286623584256 …
#StopHazaraMassacre



God bless President Trump. Obama supported and paid pallets of cash to the Islamic republic of Iran’s dictators. Trump won’t appease or bow down to dictators like so many of you want.

Help to become back a polisch plane wreck from Rusdia! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … we needs a very strong international Help!
Lying is not a Christian value. The Allies are fleeing and strategizing ways to flatter the illegitimate usurper to the throne to keep the rest of the world afloat.
Pence you're a vile sub-human!!
 "Pence is secretly working with conservative groups to unveil a health care repeal bill in a few weeks. It's Graham-Cassidy on steroids."
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi
Sir, I am sorry you had to be in a room with her.
Blah Blah blah blah blah blah blah  (in my most peanuts voice)........
Did @GenFlynn  & #FlynnJr tell you about their meeting Russian Ambassador in Russia at his Freakin house?!  #RussianCollusion
That’s BS America doesn’t cares for Allies you most confusing Russia! Next time the Dotard sends you out getting support for his wars such as Afghanistan Don’t Ask the NATO but the USSR!
Why do I feel that look is patronising!
Please Chancellor Merkel take them back to Germany with you!!!!!
Our allies don't fall for Rump's BS.
Merkel has destroyed Europe, do not listen to this witch.
Chris is an uneducated knownothing! do not listen to this #troll
Uneducated lol
Lincoln repeatedly had to override Seward, as in the case of the Secretary of State’s 1861 reckless “foreign war panacea” proposal for a US war against France and Spain (probably involving Britain as well),
Praying for you in the land succumbed to the spirit of anti-Christ Beasts.
Looks like Merkel has a better grip on reality.
She hates you.

VIDEO 

Katie Johnson describes her alleged rape by @realDonaldTrump.

…
... uh oh you touched another woman mother won't be happy.
The stability of Germany’s continent is not only their concern but ours.

McConnell running a protection racket https://twitter.com/NateSilver538/status/989541260875706368 …


Merkel hates your guts.
That means the USA is doing something right.
Yeah, refusing a handshake with a female world leader isn’t misogynistic or immature at all. Merkel knows a fascist when she sees one and so do Germans. 80%+ of Germans disapprove of Trump. Connect the dots yourself, fascist.
Your so right !
It’s “you’re” as in “you’re spreading false propaganda that has been debunked”
Sure. You’re doesn’t autocorrect to your. Too bad Trumpanzees haven’t figured it how to spell. Or engage in critical thinking. Or reading history books. Or reading period.
LoL
Impressing. I wouldn't shake that dirty hand if I got paid to do it. She has destroyed Europe. She should be behind bars.
You ARE a Christian, VP Pence. Merkel’s hard to be cordial to. Evil woman.

Who was Merkel's father? ...........
The caption should read... "So, you're asshole jr.!"
Great
Did mother approve this?
U.s. sends Mike Pence hailed the meeting reading allies don't forget Korea is an ally
Do we have an ambassador to Germany yet?
Worst governor ever. Worst VP ever.
I'm telling Mommy that you touched a girl!
She's not stupid, she knows she'll have to deal with you as POTUS within a year, but it's a bit inappropriate for you to be posting about this before that vulgar grifter is gone, He ain't going to be happy if he's smart. #disrespectful
"Shared Security Interests" 
Venezuela SoS
Hey Mike you look like an altar boy looking at a priest when Trump is talking. I've only seen that look from women looking at their politician husbands.

I need your help
Merkel invites violence to Germany and Europe by supporting unlimitied , uncontrolled Muslim mass immigration.Her "refugees' kill, rape, molest, hurt innocent people in Germany every day. Läst week a 1 year old Child was beheaded in downtown Hamburg in broad daylight

hulye picsa.fegyverkezni es kibaszni a natot az osszes rank uszitott bokszosaval.nato kamat tözsde nyet budos bogár
I am just practicing. America, why haven’t you gotten rid of @realDonaldTrump yet?
Great Vice President of the U.S.A
Oh she’s thinking this one might have something brainy to say
There is no God.
This seems like a good place to drop this.

Never lose sight of the fact that Merkel, Hillary and Macron are first & foremost self-serving globalists.

Behind their smiling faces lurk the 21st century versions of Hitler, Goebbles and Himmler.
I wonder if VP Pence knows that Angela worships satan in a cult across the street from her house?
Well it's about time you work with your allies instead of calling him names cuz I don't really like you anyway I've just come from that country and the real people of Germany know what their Chancellor thinks they only put up with you
Other nations have their own agendas. Your allies are mostly working on their relationship with China now. China is clearly rising, as USA falls, losing influence, credibility, trust and prestige every day.
Great America shouldn't  protect a fugitive who has swindled 30, 000 people&took away 13 billion Yuan. @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @HillaryClinton @NYPDnews @WhiteHouse @HillaryClinton
.@VP @POTUS Why does he have an "agenda" abroad, when there's so much crap-much of it caused by him-right here at home? We have domestic terrorists killing our kids, the poor getting poorer and losing benefits... Why do I even bother?

I bet she hates you as much she hates him.
retweet: awesome seeing our VP work with other world leaders in the interest of security! #VP #Pence #USA #Germany #PeaceThroughStrength
Too bad you didn't run for president pence. You would have beat Trump.
#MAGA
you are a lying fraud.
It appears to be a little bumpy so far.  It's hard when a country is dealing with Lying Trump.
Was her hand ice cold?
Fake meeting.
Hope you told your wife you were touching another woman’s hand today.
Where's Karen?
I loved her comments about the wall and what a bad idea a wall and division is.
If you were really concerned about security you’d start impeachment proceedings against your loose cannon boss.

The @WashingtonPost said, “Americans think their democracy is falling short.”  Do you agree or disagree with this statement?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/26/americans-think-their-democracy-is-falling-short/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.11201b3af1f2 …
Why do you look so sad??
trump’s agenda is apparently Putin’s agenda. #MostUnstableAndCorruptPresidencyEver

Why isn't Merkel and other EU countries not paying their share to NATO and the UN? The American tax payers are tired of subsidizing nations that should be paying their fair share!
BYE FELICIA.

She must be sick at her stomach!
You look real happy there VP.....
Worst VEEP ever
Gee, I hear Merkel HATES Trump. He has treated our Nato Allies shabbily and is an embarrassment.
I thought the president and yourself worked for American peopleYou should’ve said push the American agenda
I'll bet it's another POTUSES LIE.


Liar.
White Walker meets the leader of the free world!
Mr. Merkel
The Only "Agenda" @realDonaldTrump & #MikePence Have Is To Take Their Foreign Policy Ques From @Netanyahu & His Partners In War Crimes Group @AIPAC  Trump Knows Nothing About Law Treaties & Foreign Policy He Leans On Clueless War Architect @AmbJohnBolton Nuff Said @SenateGOP @AP
Are you a robot?

Thank you to our great @VP So pleased you were able to discuss security with the weakened German Cancellor Merkel. Hope she is soon better able to protect her people but her very poor election results really impacted her power - onlysecured 33% of the vote #MAGA #Germany
I not only think the United States should just flip the bill for everything I think all these other countries are so-called allies should help they're wealthy to after every war or battle there's always a price to pay for rebuilding it
You mean "Trump's agenda on broads" *wink wink
Hello Satan

Lol...surely you realize the hyper-intelligent Chancellor finds you a barely literate imbecile, right? You know that, right? #DominionistDog
And she is in blue, how appropriate!

Impeach Now
I can't believe you touched a woman that isn't your wife. 

#Adultery #sin #dating #dancing #drugs #sodom
Mr VP, keep her away from manic trump.
You mean to ram Trump’s agenda down their throats, don’t you?
She knows you’re a liar. She has seen the proof. 

Remind us all Mike, why did Manafort recommend you to Trump? How did you already know Manafort?
مصر ام الدنيا 
#POTUS’ agenda SUCKS!
Trouble is VP, @Potus agenda is NOT the agenda of allies!  Macron & Merkel will lead the world against your racist, nationalism, isolation, war-monging agenda!  #Resign #Hypocrites
Oh Mikey, put Trump’s water down. There’s no Trump agenda abroad and you know it. His only agenda is to cause chaos wherever he goes and ruin everything he touches. Our allies laugh behind his back. He kisses our adversaries’ asses. The world moved on without us. #UnfitForOffice
La la la legendary meeting. Big fan of this. Do work.
Merkel 
I hope Trump Does not disrespect Merkel like he has with Kim and other world leaders.  Trump is a loose cannon , unpredictable and many times insulting.
That's Trump's god-like holy agenda abroad Pencey.

Cause you all praise God so much, might as well put in all the headlines.

Don't worry kiddies, another holy invasion.

Just like all the other wars.
Merkel was treated like a second class official.
Bist du der Indiana Stooge?

Translation: Are you the Indiana Stooge?
Did Trump shake her hand this time?
We the People R so proud of a non-politican acting for USA and NOT for making the world all countries same as Obama & Bush world order crap. The left's run to socialism as now openly admitted is a shame for liberty loving individuals. Socialism 1st step to communism!  @FoxNews
That's a weird look she has
nice....
It must be frustrating for an intelligent, educated woman like Chancellor Merkel to have to deal with the assortment of idiots in the Trump administration.
Exxccuussee me!  ATTENTION MOTHER > Michael Richard Pence needs a spanking and time out.  I am sorry you have to put up with his hand shaking of females that are not you, preposterous!!!

Who are our allies as American Parents?


It must have been a pretty short conversation  :-)
Merkel looks angry in press conference with @realDonaldTrump, seems she cant outsmart Trump on trades and world policies!

That woman has more patience and virtue than all of you lying treasonous snakes put together.
Thank You Sir for all YOU do


Mike did you touch a woman's hand without Karen's approval. Shameful display mike.
Productive meeting today with Chancellor Merkel of Germany on our shared security interests.
OMG! Did you...shake her hand?

You're undermining the president, Mikey.
https://offshoreleaks.icij.org/pages/database 
Just like I’m sure they’re committed to advancing their agendas in the US. 2 way street Mikey!
Trump is an illegitimate president & he’s a weak leader because he doesn’t know much about foreign affairs or domestic affairs & as far as I’m concerned he’s a criminal, a fugitive from justice!
Don't cave into her mind set. Be tough and don't be manipulated.
The weak leadership coming out of the Congress right now & their failure to exercise any oversight is appalling & this has opened up a vacuum & it’s going to be filled by somebody! You have better hope that you hold on to the Senate because if you don’t all hell is going to break
She hates you I'm sure
God I hope not!  Does anyone actually know what Trump's agenda is?
HORSE SHIT
Someone should probably tell that to trump. He regularly disregards our allies.
It won’t stop or solve his domestic problems neither will it save his presidency! If the house flips in 18 & God forbid if both Houses flip in 18 Trump will not only be impeached but he will be thrown out of office indicted, prosecuted & jailed for his many crimes & so will you!
Hola como están de eso setra de asel el bien muchas gracias a los dos k dios los bendiga muchas gracias
The devil is saving a place for you in hell.
Look everyone, it’s a picture of Pence with the Leader of the Free World.
#الملك_يحارب_الفساد
#محمد_بن_سلمان_لن_ينجو
#محمد_بن_سلمان_ندمرهم_الأن
الإستخبارات الملكية السعودية 
رئاسة أمن الدولة 
اللهم صل وسلم على سيدنا محمد 
نحن 
إحترام ثم إحترام ثم إحترام 
(السلام) 
نحن أمة وشعب
السلام عليكم ورحمة الله وبركاته 
In the North, he notes, Russia was viewed as a “true friend” in contrast to the “unfriendly neutrality” of Great Britain and France.
