great work. Congratulations
Nothing good you can do will please the Leaders of the Dem Party.  They only see red & want to destroy you & the Pres.  There is a WAR against Pres in USA.  Remember move "7 Days in May"?  This time it's not the military.
Remember repeal and replace my first ninety days? Remember Mexico will pay for it? Remember I’ll show my tax returns when I’m elected? If you believe the audit nonsense, he must have really cheated if he is still under audit. But,But.......
I say that Mex will pay for it maybe not with direct payment, but in trade agreements.  Mex has to much to lose if trading restrictions are placed on them. Believe me when I say, Mex is NOT our ally.  They would sell out to the highest bidder.


Many have not see what takes place in factories in MEX.  My wife went there to teach Mex people how to take over Amer jobs in US.  The retired before losing hers.  I would not buy an auto made in Mex.  Mex is NOT an Ally to US.  The GOV THERE is corrupt.
@realDonaldTrump s suit line is .....wait for it..... Made....in....Mexico #Hypocrite
It's time we now see "MADE IN THE USA" on items again.
Congratulations Ambassador Grenell!
@DesertSunNews @JohnWhiteKESQ  @KESQ @VisitPalmDesert
Thank You Thank You Thank You Thank You
And putrid pence who hates gays, looks at old orange ass with the same boy crush smile. undressing him with his eyes, as he licks his lips, but imagine old orange with no clothes on - oh yeah - Peter Griffin, Family Guy. Twins with and without clothes.
POTUS, you need to watch out what you offering, over 75% of NATO is covered by US. When others take advantage of it: example British,
.


GOD.


PROUD!!!!!  CLASS BACK TO AMERICA!!!



If Merkel, Hillary, Obama & other world leaders would stop worshipping satan, the world would be a LOT better off. Thank you, President Trump, VP Pence & others, for working SO hard to save the babies & children from being sacrificed, tortured & sold!
Make a better deal. American first

Well done.
Go ahead

GO GERMANY!!
Rick got the job, of course, because he actually does drive a Volkswagen.

Awesome...
Great to engage our long standing allies this week. Unity and collaboration at essential in this violent and uncertain world-strong economies keep us safer.
Tichi bar Isabel arredondo
Time to wean them off our tax payers. They are responsible for their own peace and security.
I am sure Chumptard showed his stupidy
When did you become the White House press release person, Mike? Go do something productive instead of constantly campaigning.
so embarrassing
When does she plan to surrender germany to the arabs? No longer a good NATO ally Eliminate germany from intel network or prepare to lose Same w/ england & france All are global facists
Fully loaded!
Don't take immigration advice from her!
No offense, but who cares? Our country is being swallowed by an evil menace, aka Deep State! Do something about that and I’ll be impressed.

Congrats Rick!!! So proud of you & all of your good news!!!

We are  all very grateful that you dont lie.
Pence cant wait for @realdonaldtrump to be impeached!
What does she plan to do regarding the mass invasion/destruction to Germany?
Nothing.

Did you talk IRAN! CLIMATE CHANGE, These are important issues. As well as RUSSIA/IRAN/TURKEY and the war on KURDS who we seem to have abandoned
The "people" support Trump for having the "audacity" to say:
"America First" and "Let's Make
America Great Again".
@realDonaldTrump bringing back the #AmericaFirst slogan....
SALUTE 
Who are these guys side by side by Chancellor Merkel #Merkel?
Mike Pence.
Trigger Trigger

Excuse me, but didn't @realDonaldTrump tell you?? 
She truly is Adolf's biological daughter. After the war, he was secretly exiled to Argentina. He and Eva Braun returned at least a couple of times to Europe.
died in the 80's.
Glad to see the Leader of the Free World....Angela Merkel!
Criminal Jews of Wall Street who dominate US economy , politics and media have been extorting Europe long enough and European people say: enough is enough and want to be at peace with their neighbors. Extortion will not make America great again.
az usa vonja ki csapatait eurazsiabol es épitse le a hadseregét.irtsa ki az orszagot uraló mocskos uzsorasfasiszta zsidoköműves hordát csicskastól
We are excited about the tremendous progress the Trump dynamic team has made. Nigerians rely on #POTUS to get their terrorist President!
Nice
I don't envy the professionals at the @StateDept.
Merkel has twice made a what-are-you-talking-about face when Trump tries to connect domestic politics with Germany.
Mr. Richard Grenell,  Congratulations on your appointment  you will probably be the best the US government has for this postion. Good Luck.
I bet!!
We would have had a woman head of state too if there wasn’t voter suppression, gerrymandering and Russian hacking.
what are you going to do about ryan's persecution of the house chaplain? where is your moral outage? while you're at it when are you going to acknowledge trump finally validated stormy daniels claims? and that he's the source of FAKE NEWS in the media



NOT YET FOR THE NATO MEMBERS TO UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT AND ADOPTING THEIR COUNTRIES TO TRUMP MODERN POLICIES AND STRATEGIES AND HIGHLY DEVELOPED VISION THE THE FUTURE OF OUR WORLD. BUT THEY ARE REACTING POSITIVELY AND LISTENING WELL TO TRUMP. THAT IS SO GOOD. BETTER THAN NOTHING
Maybe if you shout louder people other than #Trumpturds might swallow.... not
You and dump lie so much, why should we believe you!!!

Hey VP. How does that sit with you?  Cause we know you won’t have dinner w females w/o “Mother”.  GASP!  OMG

Hello Mike. Hope Karen is well. Stay out of the limelight. Everything will change soon. We'll write to you in prison. 

Did Donald share his fashion tips
MAGA - Morons Are Governing America
I’m surprised you congratulated a person you hate because of his sexual orientation
Can I have the centerpieces after every meeting? Asking for all the seniors I know. Thank you! 🖒

The @WashingtonPost said, “Americans think their democracy is falling short.”  Do you agree or disagree with this statement?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/26/americans-think-their-democracy-is-falling-short/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.11201b3af1f2 …
So happy to have the new ambassador onboard!
Did Trump embarrass the USA again and discredit or disrespect another world leader.  Trump has zero social skills and no business being potus
Shill.
My favorite part about any Pence tweet is his ability to completely separate himself from reality in order to pretend to stay above the fray. Godspeed you intolerant bastard.  #HailPOTUS #ReapWhatYouSow
please sign a https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … and help to become back the polisch plane from Russia!
You're a bucket of throw up
Awesome. The leader of the Free World and Donald Trump together in a meeting. You do know (I have relatives in Germany) that she considers Trump to be a joke and that the world is only appeasing him (like King Kong on stage in broadway) to keep him under control until perp walk.
GFY   TYVM
we're just gonna forget ya'll were spying on her.  okay
It's very easy, in fact mandatory for U.S. Media to forget (if ever even acknowledged) Obama's scandals.

Glad you and @realDonaldTrump enjoyed meeting the leader of the free world
I just read on the news that North and South Korea signed an agreement with the US to end the Korean War!  Hip hip hooray...
Doing a great job, thank you and God bless you all! MAGA
So VP, a lesson in diplomacy. If tough talk is needed, keep it behind close doors (NATO and UN). At the podium, say nice things about your guest.  For pete-sake, know some history, the Berlin Airlift and the Marshall Plan for instance. Today was Trump tooting his horn...again!
Dont understand your comment
While she is still hare should visit United Nation and explore relocating them out of USA.
All Trump did was lie his ass off as always.
That qualifies him to be a politician. Only reason HRC is a Clinton was so Bill wouldn't lose the Gov race a second time.  They're all fake.
God is gonna strike you down for your phony hypocrisy. You stand next to a morally corrupt person and yell he is awesome, and then talk about abortion rights and Faith first!! You’re a joke too!!

Stop lying vp you know she does not like the jerk.
Did the Candy Man hand out party favors?
Please, DESTROY THE DEEPSTATE
Sir, we are not understanding the need for the Iran Deal. Isn't keeping the world safe supposed to be what the UN is for? Where is the money really going?
Ma'am everybody at the UN has a separate agenda.
Had to mute it after another nonsensical tirade by POTUS. Good grief!


Compared to what?
Outstanding
You must be so proud of your boss...
You must be so proud posting this.  If you respected women, YOU wouldn't.  You prove no point except that you don't have one.
I’ve seen more diversity at a klan meeting.
Go to Farrakhan 's page.  You won't see much diversity there, but you wouldn't say a word, would you?  Racist much?
Right. I can see how you wouldn’t be able to figure out the difference. I bet you’ve even got a black friend.....
You're spineless.  Great comeback.  Go resist.
Well at least this is an expert opinion. The party of Ryan should know spineless when they see it.
Thank you!  I do!
Congrats Richard G!  It’s about time.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. 
Thanks mike you need to take up comedy. Oh lord that was good .
You work for a dishonest criminal, he treats those around him like trash, never stops lying, never stops decieving! What do you do, photo ops about nothing, sir you are a disgrace, worse yet you do the religious thing, what do you think thats doing for you, for your religion?
"...mob takes the 5th. If you're innocent, why are they 
taking the 5th amendment?" DJT, 9/16
George Stephanopoulos: "...for you to sit here and 
compare the president to a mob boss?" 
James Comey: "Very strange. And I don't do it lightly." 4/17 
"Boss, I miss you" M.Cohen, 11/17
LoL. No problem with Hilliary staffers taking the 5th 125 times.

Hillary saying she doesn't remember over 36 times...

Hypocrit much?
Thankyou Mr Pence for all you do
Awesome to see Ric there!
Good?  Good?  Good?  Not great? Not terrific? Not bigly? Not the biggest?  Not outstanding?  Allies or axis of Evil??
Hmmmm Where is CoS General Kelly? Was he banned?
and you’re speaking at the Russia NRA Convention I hear?  Congrats on the $30,000,000.00 slush fund the Russians er the NRA contributed to your election campaign. Got some splaining to do Pence .
German Chancellor Dr. Angela Merkel is a Professor in Quantum Physics. She really must have been overwhelmed by the intellectuals she was surrounded by today, especially when they ranted on about the internal bullshit that makes up the Washington swamp. Glad to be home Angela?
How wide is the cabinet room table? Seriously, the Un-Moon meeting was precise to the mm.
FUCK NATO. NATO is THE Biggest Terrorist Organization in the Planet.
#LickAWitch
It's Ric
Ric
 - key partners in international peace through a strong & ready @NATO & robust, innovative economies. @DeptofDefense @StateDept @USUN @GenDunford
How is it possible that Angela Merkel doesn't have a Twitter???
Dialog is much better than bickering.  Bickering is NOT leadership.  Mutual respect is important.
We know that Trump doesn’t understand NATO spending as he thinks it is a dues organization. Has Mother explained it to you?
Didn't spare any time did you?
Great nap!!!
So glad that Richard Grenell was confirmed just in time for this meeting!
Congratulations indeed!
THANK YOU!!
Don't they look happy
#MAGA THEN #MEGA JC
#LickAWitch
Did they laugh when  dinner was over?  "Can you believe that prick is still here?"
SHS -- filler.
Way to go @vp@potus
Lady Oscar invite read her Facebook:Elena Susy Moya Huamanchumo.Thank you.Reagan:Lady Oscar:Steve
They're German
It was not, another Trump trainwreck with you playing the innocent conductor. I don’t buy it and neither do many other people. I hope we get a two-pher impeachment.
You are going to be badly disappointed!!
This is for you, and you and you
This doesn't mean anything tangible. I'm sticking with the fact that 22 lawyers have been investigating one man for 18 months and haven't found anything!!  There is nothing!!
If seeing this isn’t enough to make your blood boil I don’t know what will. If waiting for a dramatic car chase or a Perry Mason like confession-forget it. This, all by itself, disgusting. Manafort-indicted, Papa, Gates, Vanderzwan-pleaded guilty, 17 Russians indicted(espionage+)
and you blame Trump for Russia's lack of success with the Dems? You blame Trump for their desire to meet with him (which Trump would never permit)?
#EpicFail
In case this happens to you in your travels a pro tip on how to handle it so as to avoid feds all over you like a bad fitting suit:
If the Russians show up with money and help for YOUR campaign do whatever to break contact and immediately call the FBI. Simple.
Russians, Israelis, Britains, Saudis..... yup. It is against the law to accept foreign money for elections, I thought...
Does Richcansler sounds familiar? Germans are great, but don't edmire some leading politicians that's one of the reasons Europeans suffering from far to uncontrollable immigrarion and terror.
@VP is as guilty as anyone .... he is just the smart criminal out of the bunch
Thank you , @VP !!
Watched you with the Olympiads.  Loved it.
Mike who?
don't like merkel.
You sit there ogling Trump like you have a high school on him. You are in as much heat as Trump.
Prayed hard for you and the whole admin today.  Keep up the great work everywhere.
Thanks VP Mike Pence for putting this out to all Americans on Twitter. Press is too corrupt to trust with public affairs of govt.
TG FOR ALL OF YOU IN THE TRUMP ADMIN; AMERICA IS FINALLY WINNING AND DEALING FROM A POSITION OF STRENGTH AND RIGHTNESS!!!
#LickAWitch
AMEN AMEN AMEN
Praise God 

#LickAWitch

#THANKYOUMIKEPENCE #THEGREATAWAKENING @GODBLESSALL #THANKYOUPOTUS #THANKYOUAMERICA #MAGA THEN #MEGA
Have A Blessed Time Together All. Enjoy.
JC
Congratulations Rick!
Fredom of spech is to be abandond in Sweden !!

Why didn’t trump treat the Germans the same as the French....because she is a woman ?

International disdain for you and the POTUS is unprecedented!  Keep up the good work #sarcasm
Resign
Go take your meds, @mombear4
six pence u would not a good meeting if it hit u in the ass
He was ranting like a lunatic again.
germans are cockroaches. Howmany blackpages in medifile howmany redpages. Theyrecockroaches. Packmy rubberpenis intotheirburgers
this here. Was 17years german government a g e n d a.  Ask five eyes
learn t w o german words.  Zersetzen + vernichten
Hey #Pence  Have you caught  #trump cheating on his RACIST wife ?
You're complicit in this @VP

Your adminstration is an example of what America needs for 100 years.
Moral bankruptcy?
I don't trust that chick.  She will turn around and meet with Obama.  I don't trust Obama either for that matter
Thanks VP 
