Which POTUS? There have been 45 of them.
Hii
Restoring?
Those are SPACE SUITS not CLOWN SUITS! #RESIGN #GETPARDONED Just go back to your cushy, corrupt private lives of blind faith & secretive debauchery, and leave #science & #progress alone. Leave it all to the truly qualified and obstruction will disappear.
May the fores of the universe smile up on us all for the future.
Maybe they can launch you into space.   Please?
Al Capone would have been totally thrilled if We Had Only DeCriminalized Alcohol, what do you think???
restoring?
So grateful our President and Vice President understand the importance of NASA.  The massive advances that will be made in science and technology are crucial. 
You do know that he doesn't believe in science, right?
Will you share when you knew Flynn was lying?
Just trying to make people think I believe in science.  Mother tells me it's against god.
Science gave us medicine and life saving operations, unless you WANT to be treated by a medieval doctor who uses cockroaches to treat most things and will chop your leg off with no pain relief and no idea about what an infection is.
That was yesterday and don't need to see it 24 hours later.
#PutinsPuppet
You're wasting what's left of taxpayer money & there's no money left to do anything after giving it all away to the top 1%.
Would rather you as Potus. We can pray. Just want some sanity back in this country.
Are you insane? Pence would be even worse and is more corrupt because he has this strong moral religious false front that believes he is good and everyone that doesn’t believe as he does is bad.
The poor people at NASA got stuck with Jim Bridenstine & he is being sworn in by Pence who says we will be “restoring America’s proud legacy of leadership in space.” There is nothing to restore as we have been the leader for a long time -  Pence keeps lying to serve his purpose.
A simple fact, in the long run the truth can't be beat. If Mike is lying it'll come out and the American people will remember it. If he's not and I believe in him, that also will come out. Our POTUS has turned this country around and saved our democracy.  The people will remember
You helped appoint a climate-change denier to one of the most important roles in science. Yet another shameful day in America.
He's also one of those flat-earthers.
Mr Vice President Pence now that you and President Trump shut down North Korea when can we shut down maduro and give the people their Beautiful country Venezuela back?
Winning for AMERICA!!

We're taking OUR AMERICA back!!
Best ever thanks God Bless you always
How is it everybody on this thread is so informed about NASA. Are there really that many brains among you or is this just another rediculace waste  of time trying to criticize an administration that is making life better for all of us.
The man has NO experience in science. He's just another swamp thing.
Let the scientist do their work.  By censuring, you are working to irreparably damage the entire world.  Please don't destroy the world.
I heard your thoughts on women in the military. How do you feel about women astronauts? Does Tange and space rations go against your "not having dinner with a woman unless your wife's present" rule?
Yeah it’s not sharing a meal that gets men in trouble. Just like it is not sleeping with another woman that is cheating. It’s what is done in the bed before they fall asleep that causes the problem.

Borders maybe. Not boarders. Boarders are people who rent a room and meals in a private home. Or snow or skate or surf board riders.
A Nazi visiting Nazi Headquarters. Disgusting Man.
Another Unqualified member of this Admin
Look at the responses on your tweet! Do you really think these are real people? Do the positive ones even have a clue who Bridenstine is? No
We are in same ark may god mercy save and arrive us to peace in hearts and our lands amen
He has absolutely no science background. Hope we don't waste billions on him
You mean NASA's goal of "Muslim Outreach" as directed by Obama is over?
Did that comment make sense in your head as you typed it out?
Great source there, chief. You got anything with a verifiable fact in it?
Here's another source, oh ignorant one
There goes more onto the deficit!
Good keep it up!!! America..
Best of luck & continued support in your efforts Thank You
ok. Tôi nghĩ nó sẽ không thành công. Nó vượt qua thuyết zoaczo20001HTU
Take some classes in morals and honor, then get some new friends!
   
     

Civilizatia TERESTRA, este reprezentata  de totalitatea actelor 
si faptelor materializate timp de milenii, multe, posibil peste 
doua zeci, poate trei zeci, de ce nu mai numeroase. Voi stiti clar 
si fara echivoc despre istoria americana,  ...
...    ca reprezinta un parcurs 
de doua, trei sute de ani, roata, apa calda si zborul planat, fiind 
intelese si aplicate in negura timpului trecut. Noul MODEL 
universal, PLURIVALENT, de convietuire si purtare, va fi bazat
pe CONLUCRARE si DEVOTAMENT reciproc valabile, ...
...  timpul superbiei individuale fiind revolut. Revin in Timpul Prezent, 
continuu,  prin  GRIJILE  si  OBLIGATIILE comune, puse in practica 
uniform : 

1.  Romania Bizantina, vrea sa ajunga la stele, fara sa fie lider de
opinie, sau in competitie cu voi. Simplu si clar.
2. " Leadership,  in space ", sau in alergatura, poate in bunastare,
de ce nu in educatie obiectiva ? 
3.  Civilizatie Terestra, nu este americana, nici ruseasca, chineza sau
Bizantina. 
4.  Umanitatea, este universala , imuabila si incantatoare, cu sau fara 
noi !

Obiectiuni ?
Can't beat space X ... you lose
How many prayers does it take to launch a satellite into NEO?
One like = one prayer.
vacant
You're such a tool. That new NASA guy has no experience! You scare the shit out of people with your horrible choices! WTF is going on?
Oh, goody. Let’s see how much damage he can do to NASA! Your administration is so destructive!

Thanks @VP. Get @NASA out of earth sciences.  Leave that to NOAA and others.  Look outward!
Get in a rocket and aim it for the sun
Elon musk put a car in space, NASA will spend billion to put a tank in space
Great, another highly unqualified person for a vitally important department.
Nobody cares 'Ken'.
We as Americans love this country. NASA gave us something to believe in. Something to look up to. To hope for. We need NASA back. Now more than ever.
Hope you took a  to Mars!
Can't wait to see you and @POTUS on your one-way flight to Mars. BIG party for the World.
I appreciate that NASA is no longer a muslim outreach program.
Where is the funding?

This guy is totally and completely unqualified for this position.  Oh, I forgot... rather like EVERYONE else in this administration!
The guy ran a museum with a planetarium, what more could you possibly need to know to run NASA?  It’s going to be hilarious when they try to explain to him the earth isn’t flat & it’s not 5000 years old either.
Pence just watched the first season of handmaid tales and likes what he saw.

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
Pence must not know this guys not a scientist.
Let’s throw more money to the wind rather than take care of needs on earth
DO NOT TOUCH

Gee  Creationist swears in Science Denier.  #swampcabinet
No experience at all just like this GOD awful joke of an administration
The New Independent Corporate States of America
Garbage!
How about properly funding them too, numbnuts?
A person who is completely unqualified
Again with NASA? This is literally the only thing you do and tweet
Adding to the swamp.
Liar.
So proud that @NASA is to be run by a non scientist climate change denier. @GOP madness in the corrupt world of @realDonaldTrump
Another white guy.....sigh.
I might actually give this tweet a like, if it wasnt coming from bonkershead out of Beavis and Butthead Whitehouse
Climate change deniers do not belong at NASA
I AM SO GLAD TO HERE THAT VP PENSE. GOD BLESS.
Great! I hear Spealsberg is looking at a sequel that is right up there Ally.  Hope they can contribute.  He makes really good ones.
You mean the guy that's not qualified.  Well, the guy in the white house isn't qualified either. @realDonaldTrump Isn't the guy in the white house using the stupidity defense?
Please send Trump to Mars!
This is basically our government
I wish you were swearing in someone qualified.
These "important" people are screwing up the system radically. 
Assigning and giving "Careers" to people who gladly wouldn't mind running a business for money year by year, but ignoring the fact that they have no experience or skills in the "said career".
This administration is so - I can’t even think of a word that accurately describes how inept and just spiteful they are.  Talk about the downfall of America- they are dumbing it down.  And it is starting at the top.  

We are the one
Ty for deleting my email account, you have officially tampered w/ evidence. @mercedcollege And we all know you ppl have motive ..... Send it @realDonaldTrump @JerryBrownGov @usedgov @FAFSA @SBECalifornia
Makes perfect sense to put someone in this position who has no experience or professional knowledge of space. What a joke.
Hope he can get you and Donnie boy a seat on the next shuttle
Did you say ((( Bridenstein ))) ? 
You are such a Jew arse kisser, you make me sick. Why don,'t you just move to Israel you cuck
@RogueNASA are you reading this shit!?  Restoring our legacy of leadership?  When was it ever diminished?  Whoever comes after Bridenstine will have the difficult task of restoring our legacy
Hoping while you are there you do your part in space exploration and take a ride, like to Saturn, so you can post the first flag from earth on it.  What do you mean restoring anyway, no you not follow the news unless it's about your Thump?

I haven't really thought about NASA these days. I grew up outside Cleveland. Plum Brook was my back yard. Since then moved to Apache Junction, AZ. Super Guppy was here last week, saw it on TV getting ready for take off. We looked to the south, saw her in the sky. God Bless NASA
Only took you a year and a half
Awesome. A climate change denier leading NASA. Go F yourself Trump administration.

Time to put men back in outer space. Stop messing around in Earth orbit. Set a goal. MAKE IT HAPPEN! SIR!
#morewhining
#ElonMusk did that already.
What do you mean restoring?
We needed someone with Integrate that doesn't lie to swear him in!  Someone that believes in the US not this Waca Doddle Right Wing Ding Dong Mike Pence!!!
Always odd when you're at Nasa. 

You believe in magical sky fairy
Ass kisser.
Where are you living, i missed the part where we arent great!!!!Stop saying that!!!!!!!!! And try not to screw up nasa, o right, hey nasa plan ahead for that probability #whenwewerenotgreat?
Sperm in space, eh Mikey? Is Mother ok@with that?
Leadership??? You call the fake president and fake Russian election "leadership??" 
Unfortunate and surprised they invited you
Please STOP appointing people to head very important departments who have ZERO experience in those fields. What is wrong with you people?
Does Bridenstine even know what space is?  What planets are out there?  What a black home is?  Not sure how effective he can be running a scientific group without a science background.
Good luck NASA because here is another unqualified appointee from the Trump admin
And didn’t you hire the janitor as well to be the deputy director? Heard that person have zero knowledge of anything related to science, space and everything NASA stands for.
NASA Administrators, by background
-Griffin: Physicist / aerospace engineer (2005-2009)
-Bolden: Major General & NASA astronaut (2009-2017)
-Lightfoot Jr.: Test engineer / Director of Marshall Space Center (acting, 2017-18)
-Bridenstine: Congressman, climate change denier (2018–)
Bridenstine is a climate-change denier with no background in science.  But hey, most, if not all, of your misbegotten administration's department heads are unqualified, or are sworn enemies of, the agencies they are appointed to lead.  You and @realDonaldTrump are disgraces.
Isn't Pence the nimrod who denies science in favor of the collected wisdom of bronze age goatherders?
Why not make a scientist the head of @NASA? Ya know for a change!
You gotta be kidding.
We’ve been “leading in space” since we put a man on the moon you troglodyte. Hubble, Voyager, etc. we got the first damn good photos of Pluto and put rovers in Mars but yes tell us how we are no longer leaders in space.
Yes he’s so qualified. You must be so proud. #youneedtoresigntoo
I had @VP down as a flat earthier.

Amazing choice, a man with zero knowledge or acceptance of science. Unqualified just like so many Trump nominees
. @VP @NASA @POTUS Do you think they can build a ship that will take you to heaven? Where is heaven? Can it be seen with a telescope? 

Speaking of which, I noticed you haven't ascended yet. Isn't today the rapture?
“Leadership”? from the current waste-of-genes @POTUS? The only thing Drumpf wants to make great again is himself. Tragic day for science, for NASA and for America. You should be ashamed.
Oh you mean the guy who has ZERO aerospace experience and is NOT a scientist?  You both are imbeciles
. @VP @NASA @POTUS Actually, it's unfortunate, but under 45's "leadership", NASA will collapse. He's ruined everything he's touched.

We're looking to Tesla to move us into the future, not an administration that doesn't believe in climate change.
I think @NASA Should fire @VP into space so he can look for god
Ask them about global climate change.
Your attempts to slander previous administrations and lie about qualifications of your administration are not pleasing to God.  Repent and resign!
Wall street is a scam, 9 months of complete disregard for financials, good earnings and forecasts met with stock shorting and mass selling by wall street firms, should be in jail, remember 2008?

Lol one fake swearing another fake in
PRIDE is a deadly sin and shant go unpunished
Jim Bridenstine is not qualified.
Amazing how consistently this administration makes terrible personnel decisions.
i thought u didnt believe in space
Ew
Are we going to focus on Science goals and finally spend some money on NASA (ISS, food and health in space, etc) or are we going to try and pray our way to space?
You Pence, or Trump etc. Don't deserve credit for the space program so hold back on your Mafia like  glomming.
DO. NOT. TOUCH. ANYTHING. 
DAMMIT!!!!!

Leadership by picking someone totally unqualified to do the job at @nasa?
You continue to push BS pr and fail to govern for the people of the US, just as you failed in the governance of IN.
I think we all agree on the importance of #science and #spaceexploration Is the new director a scientist? What are his qualifications for such an important post?
whose bring the kneepads
Jim Bridenstine has NO SCIENTIFIC CREDENTIALS and he's going to run NASA. Unbelievable!

@omarvaid
Apr 19

OUTRAGE: Trump's NASA nominee, Jim Bridenstine was approved 50-49. He plans on cutting all climate science missions on behalf of the fossil fuel lobby #ClimateAction
Gotta get ready for the USSF!!! United States Space Force!!
NASA is about science. Something the current administration doesn’t believe. Climate change?? Heard of it?? YUGE scientific fact.
Very great Mike Pence, I am very happy with your new Achievement in U.S.A Administration, Almighty may bless you more.
Have you electro-shocked your genitals today?
? Are the stars the limit or the human heart Go Trump Go
What's a POTUS, Mike Dense?

Can't he speak?  Is he mute?

We know he's dumb.
Don’t touch anything @VP!
Hey Mike Pence. Fuck off. You are as much of a traitor to the USA as the piece of shit you follow.
In other words, to hell with science. Long live ouija boards.
Would have been nice if you had nominated an actual scientist and further the US already leads the world in space both government and commercial so what exactly are you "restoring"?   Why do you and the Orange Stain insist that restoration is your motive?
You're so gay you eat your corn on the cob the long way. And your first pacifier had hair on it.
So tired of this shoddy administration throwing shade at previous administrations while raiding the U.S. Treasury to line the pockets of wealthy.
Resign
To undermine the mission of NASA and science.
Can they dump trump in space?
Ceres for example?
That dwarfplanet needs a being of intelligence simmilar to its tiny size
BULLSHIT


