“...except for all the laws we’ve broken...”
Name one
Emoluments
You get paid to be President!  And he donates it to charity.  Waiting for a broken law
Emoluments.

Whataboutism is not a defense.
Like what about Trump....what about what he said, what about what all these libs accused him of, what about a dossier with no facts paid for by Hillary's campaign?  Facts, not feelings people.  Read Ravi Zacharius's "The End of Reason" with me..

Yep, Putin probably hacked it....you're right

Lets starve the poor and push them into the streets desparate, then we can build more jails and make money on those! Plus it's great free labor - it's what Jesus would have done, afterall. #ChristianExtremistTerrorism #Impeachpussygrabber
AMEN!!! #MAGA
When you speak in support of a convicted criminal it’s hard to believe your law and order bull shit claims.
Don't you just gag a bit every time you double down on @realDonaldTrump's tainted views? You are truly stained by his #Taint
By the federal goverment, increasing ourr national deficit, which is national forestry lumber areas, slowing down american economic population growth Sir/.

All that religious jazz you've been talking just got nullified by you honoring racist ass Joe Arpaio. I know for a fact God don't roll will racist  #FakeAssJustLikeTrump
Thank you vice president Pence for your awesome job
#StoptheCaravans
SCANNERS WERE ARE YOU
Border crossings have been decreasing for 20+ years. The border is already protected.

Basically when i assumed possition of president on twitter again, i figure trump a russian gain loss, and it was my job to make sure that what the presidents office stands for remained intacked on schedule, and can gain ground Sir/.
It takes me time, because all my notes are mental, so first i must inform then prove, like a level of the scientific equation Sir/.
Sorry it took so long to get to you to prove what i informed you about the police department sir. I had to put my mental noted together.
Dishonest and unprincipled
Really! We have always been safe
The way i look at it is if a state agency is adding to our deficit there a 1,000 southern men infantry unit Sir/.
And make @StormyDaniels a household name.
You forgot to mention that he will clean police forces up throughout the country, punishing all corrupt members like yourself
Start with telling DOJ Jeff Sessions to do his Job. Why is Andy McCabe still loose?? 
Trump hired him and We hired you and Trump. Trump said he was our voice, speak for us!
NOBODY is above the law!
Please remind him what a Grand Jury is used for. Thank you 
Pence what im fixing to inform you about is based on personal believes &. Facts Sir/.
"Uphold our laws?" HAHAHA! The Constitution isn't a buffet where you can pick and choose, Oh Christian One, the way you do with your selective religious observance.
Why not Obama never followed the Constitution
Oh right- the Constitutional Scholar never followed the Constitution. Rrrrright.
Right

You’re scamming the American public
You calling the convicted criminal Joe Arpaio "Champion of the rule of law" tells America how little you care about the Rule of Law! As long as Arpaio supports your bigoted policies, all is forgiven.
"I'm honored to have you here." 

Vice President Mike Pence recognizes ex-sheriff Joe Arpaio during a tax policy event in Arizona, calling…
&. Since then have gained so much power &. Independance they have a massive stranglehold over the middle class, which can be proven threw whos ticket and busted for drugs, leaving the goverment to rembersment funds, from all the capital payed into each states funding spplied-

Well, a 6 year palegrant funded education may not be a deplomia degree, making me unavailable for hire in my areas of study, but ive got one hell of a politicall powered avitar Sir/ held in the internet relm, with ya'll"s help hopefully Sir/.
Theres no need to pay a white house )some-body( to get you the information they thing is right. When my information is free &. Correct Sir/.
&. By doing so that maney doesnt seen the chan store fllor's that get deposited in merchantile banks which pay for store over head, and things. Then accounted for as there profit margin by an account, and taxs paied into the federal goverment Sir/.
Whats going to is police when ticket a known high speed travel area, make the car selection by the year, and shape of the vichile taget the wage clss around 45,000$ Sir/.
Uphold the law?  Really?  Then you’ll pardon people who were lawfully convicted.  How do you crooks sleep at night?
My ass
May 2,2018.   MELANIA TRUMP'S PARENTS At US CITIZENSHIP office as @POTUS ATTACKS ON 'CHAIN MIGRATION' Chain migration for me, but not for thee. The #Hypocrisy hypocrisy STINKS

Read more here: http://bit.ly/2rfmwJB 
Follow Occupy Democrats for more!

https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/posts/2065699013523142 …
You people are all disgusting
The police department in the first years of there birth where desiged to be gods protecters here on earth.
You're old
Mr Vice President, I’m all for border security, but Joe Arpaio is a thug and he’s also CRAZY!!!!
Ugh, supporting Arpaio? You disgust me.
Pence lifting up sheriff joe is like St. Paul lifting up judas. Pence proves to be an embarrassment to Catholics
@lpk1657 Baloney. Trump is likely guilty of sexual misconduct, money laundering, tax evasion, abuse of power, conspiracy to defraud the American people during the 2016 election, and obstruction of justice. He will not last the 4 yrs., which means for you, well, you can guess.
But you embrace criminals and racists that Trump pardons.
When is that upholding the law thing going to start? Conclusive evidence shows that you and your administration are huge violators of the Constitution and the rule of law. @thehill
Thanks to you Mr. Vice President for  doing all both you & our POTUS do to keep Americans safe. The obstructionist Democraps could care less about us.
SALUTE 
These so called asylum seekers are criminals if they wanted asylum they could apply in Mexico, they want into the US because of the welfare Medicaid/SSI they will never show up for their hearing, 98% don’t, they want as much of your tax money they can get to take back. WALL-
Well get with it, you haven't done anything yet!
#Mueller2020 #POTUS46    Instead of listening to the president complain about Robert Mueller’s “witch hunt,” here’s what you should know about the Republican, former FBI director turned Special Counsel (via Who Is?)  
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1674028579383905/ …. @CNN @NBCNews @FoxNews @GOP
. @VP @POTUS So who picks which laws to obey? It looks to me like the most serious crime against our country, treason, is actively being committed by this administration.  Then there money laundering, human trafficking and the other RICO charges.
So why those invaders were admitted into American Soil? all that it takes is one to brake The Law and @POTUS promises, send them back to where they are coming from
It IS secure...the U.S. has been great and protected for decades.
Start with the caravan, send it back to @mexico
Stop all trying to cross the border illegally. They need to follow the rules of the many others that fill out their paperwork and have intensive evaluations. Anybody can lie and say they need asylum. You think these people are going to be truthful??
After Impeachment Proceedings of course....
AMERICA WAKE UP!!
The Secure Fence Act of 2006 

Hillary, Obama, and Schumer voted for it, it passed with only 19 no votes, with is 80-90% approval. Yes it was for a fence, but Dems are playing politics, bad ones at that. Snowflakes still crying is all this is.
You are a xenophobic bigot who uses Jesus to hide your despicable, evil agenda.  #Blasphemy #repent #resign
Mr. Vice president Mike Pence:  Build the wall and change immigration laws and welfare, reuge statuses.
Is so sad to see are homeless vetarens and homeless American families, we need to help them!
"Charity starts at home first"
Trump does not uphold laws!  He breaks them!  Fuck you Pence!  Our border does not need to be protected against brown people.  We need to protect our country from Russians getting secrets about this country!
Then tell the DNC to let their servers be examined by the FBI experts to find out EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED.
SHAME ON PENCE for promoting Sheriff Joe as an American ideal. A racist, bigoted man who used his position to profile & torture immigrants, & was convicted of that crime, should not be praised.
Can the IRS please audit this donkey :)
Once this nightmare is over I highly doubt we will hear from either of you again....you have tainted all that we have all worked so hard for...equal rights and justice has been shoveled under the rug for your own personal beliefs...just come out of the closet already!!!
Hahahahahahahahahahaha.  Uphold our laws?  Rigghhttt.
yep, we will uphold our laws, and Trump will be required to speak to Mueller.  Of course, he could take the 5th, which he says makes one guilty, or the GOP can insist on executive privilege, which will cement the case he is guilt.
UPHOLD OUR LAWS?????   You and POTUS do not believe in the rule of law. Arpaio does not believe in US law. SIckening and unpatritotic. UNFIT for office, all of you
Well said Vice-President Pence 
@VP what about God taking davids kingdom after the death of Solomon? It was Davids(trump) continued wickedness!! STF UP @VP! You are nothing but a hate monger! Hate of any Ilk is anti Jesus! Unless you can make a hate Jesus had?
Other than that for the priests, pharacies, and money changers! The priests and pharacies ARE YOU!
Mr Pence, actually Congressional leaders pick and choose which laws they will uphold. If it makes them money; they ignore whatever they please regardless of the pain & suffering is causes to millions of veterans & Americans.
https://medium.com/@robertdrosejr/calling-bull-crap-on-story-by-us-dept-of-state-f656aa241820 …

AND you sir are one of them!
With the cash cow that was the #WarOnPot going away, they need a new scapegoat to fuel the transition from Pot to Opioids. These are RICO class crime family's stealing trillions from the sheeple of America. That's why Pot is still schedule1 in the US. Equal to Heroin!
We don't want or need a wall. It will not be built . Try using that money for education or infrastructure. BTW Flint still has lead pipes.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio...Really - you praise this bigot.  Guess we know where you stand.
Disgusting...Believe me.
If the immigrants waiting for the due process right to enter USA were from Europe, I bet the lines would move quickly.
Yesterday in Columbus,OH an Eritrean refugee stabbed two people including his wife. How can domestic violence be a valid claim for asylum?
Glory!  That’s why God placed you both in office!   To protect Gods Land “America” !

Your IQ ?
We will protect the lies we put out and we will keep people out that don't live up to our standards of lying and corruption.  jk

Time to put up the barbed wire and plant some land mines. That should do the trick. It works well for North Korea.
Except in Swamp they break law get away with it day after day making a mockery of our justice system
All you guys talk about is a wall. Let's talk about criminal activity in the government.
Thank you VP Pence! For keeping Smerican citizens safe!
Translation: Consistently reminding you of my false nationalism, borderline Nazi stuff.
So do it.  We are tired of the talking!!
You’re a lying Christian.  How can that be possible?
Yeah, that’s why he pardoned the sheriff, and oh, Tillerson was right
When !.!
We love you and will stand by you 100% all the way
I cannot believe that they attacked you this morning there'll do nothing but try to pull your administration apart

If Joe Arpaio is the poster child for GOP Law & Order, I am out.  The rule of law extends to everyone, even if their skin is not caucasian and they speak something other than English.  Your remarks horrified me.
Vice President praises criminal Joe Arpaio
What if some of those cute Olympic ice skaters came to the border and wanted to see you?
He can't come. He is busy on Dancing with the Stars.
Seriously?! Your orangeman is obstructing justice. He doesn't care that the Russian interfered in the election. And he just threatened a US Senator. Exactly what laws does the asshat believe in.  Oh, not to mention he lied about Cohen being his lawyer in the Porn Star case.
@theeleanordavis AMEN
When will that start to happen Mr. Vice President? He hasn't shown any evidence of trying to do any of those things except whine about the wall.
Mexico isn't paying for any wall.
Uphold laws? You are the criminals
Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …
WTH is wrong with you? Praising Arpaio. Disgusting.
https://www.aclu.org/news/trump-administration-disregards-executive-order-requiring-release-casualty-numbers-lethal …  Your administration disregards the executive order requiring the  release of casualty numbers from lethal strikes. Complete disregard for  the rule of law. You pretend you are above the law.
You are NOT protecting anything. When do the concentration camps open?
Uphold laws?! Ha, this administration hangs out with more criminals than a mob family: Rick Gates, Mike Flynn. Rob Portman,  Joe Arpaio, Paul Manafort, shall I continue? Only laws you want to enforce are those that limit the rights of women, POC,  LBGTQ! #muellerscomingforyou
#BuildTheWall
Arpiao is “a champion of the rule of law”? Champions of the rule of law don’t get charged with criminal contempt of court.
trump will be impeached or resign before midterms if things go well.

Mike Pence is “honored” to have Joe Arpaio at his event? And he calls a bigoted criminal who tortured inmates a “strong champion of the rule of law”? Even Arizona Republicans know this man undermines the most basic of American values. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
BUILD.  THE.  WALL.
Some folks believe anything 
#CorruptGOP #Fascism

Depressing. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
Exactly......we are a nation of laws that we all must abide by. This is another part of why this nation is so FABULOUS.
Weak people acting brave.

Sad spectacle
And steal from the American people! Yes, we are robbing you blind!
BTW
. . . cause, like, no other President, you know (bending forward, pausing dramatically) has ever done these things before.
POTUS is a law breaker.  A liar a con artist , a cheat, and you’re the same. Tax break is a scam and the Wall is you’re ego .
And you make all Americans believe the same thing we love you Mike
Then do it
Thank you sir! Mr. V.P. PENCE for protecting AMERICA AND HER CITIZENS FIRST!...GOD BLESS AMERICA AND GODSPEED!

Build the wall around Russia and Trump. Criminal and traitor.
After Trumps two terms, your next Sir!
Amen!
Amen!  Now let’s stick to our laws which are governed by our United States  of America.  Enforce what was in place for years.  Those of us who still believe must unite now more than ever.  Lord hear our pleas
Ummm, how about they start with the existing ines, honestly you people that eat this stuff up are deluded.

Mike Pence is “honored” to have Joe Arpaio at his event? And he calls a bigoted criminal who tortured inmates a “strong champion of the rule of law”? Even Arizona Republicans know this man undermines the most basic of American values. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
#FireMueller #FireRosenstein
so speaks a true Warrior defender of his homeland of its citizens the US is an indestructible wall is with these Warriors will be unsurpassed walls
Right on Mr. VP
After reading many relies on this thread I come to the conclusion that liberals are brain dead robots that are incapable of any critical thinking of their own. They believe what the hear and read even tho ALL evidence says otherwise. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Build the wall and we will believe and support you.
Your mostly right. Seem to have a problem with your @TheJusticeDept upholding laws, at least when it comes to Democrats.
Winning
Now STOP ALL pedophiles . Stop forcing adoption via child SERVICES.
Ummmmm no you’re not go look at the border now people are jumping over the fence
Trolls there funny
I'm still waiting, sir.
You say that as you’re praising Joe Arpaio.
Trolls there so funny
And it's too bad you didn't do other things in abide by the laws instead of changing them to fit your purposes not the people's butt but you rich people
Will you need to be out there you and Trump and Ivanka and Eric and Trump jr. Because I think the guys that are down there do a heck of a job covering our borders
What American needs is something to protect us from you two!
Can you go back to your village
please do not go beyond the borders of your country. Let the world rest from your wars and looting. take up your home
Mikey's full of evangelical shit.
You despicable waste of time.. complementing Joe Arpaio.  God is watching you,  Fake Christian. Hell is waiting.

Uphold bylaws? You greeted Arpaio. He’s was found guilty of contempt of court. Mike - you’re even more disgusting than your foul boss.
Get to it... chop, chop...
#ObamaLegacy
I hear you supported Arapaio. You do know he’s a criminal. Guess you might be inclined to support all criminals. Like Trump?

USA USA USA 
B.S.  you are part of the most corrupt administration in history
Lap dog.
It’s so sad that the Democratic Party pushed for Obamacare on the American people they fined you for not having it. Yet it has become so obvious Obamacare did nothing for the Democrats mental health..
hmm, think you are right there.
@vp @GOP @HouseGOP  You are honored to have the pardoned criminal and non- sheriff Joe Arpaio there. It just shows Pence which way your moral compass points.
#PenceKnew
You lost me at..... uphold our laws
False flag. Crisis actor immigrants.
Joe Arpaio is a convicted criminal who tortured people.
So sad you’ve sold your soul and are working for trump. You’ve become a pseudo-Christian. What happened to your moral compass? #MostUnstableAndCorruptPresidencyEver
Border is not in jeopardy
I sure hope so, the greatest generation that fought for America are dying every day. Young people are not even taught American history. If they don’t Understand, they are screwed. And I guarantee they will be speaking another language then
I love our Thunderbirds
副總統：加油！支持！好棒好棒！讚美！陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
You are both racist liars.
Only those who serve with love are able to protect.Well Done Vice-President.
Why do you support convicted felons?
Support? More like put upon a pedestal.
Stepford Wife actor.
blah blah blah
NOW IS THE TIME!!!
But what about Joe Arpaio?
hurry up and build wall. Stop messing around
Any more criminal racists you happy to see?
Bunch of racist!
Then why did you let in any of those people at the border?  Thousands are in line waiting. Waving their own country flag. What is wrong with living in Mexico?  Let the drug cartel feed and clothe them
