Thoughts and prayers are as valuable as you are.
Pence is corrupt and I'm being nice
I totally agree
1 Peter 4:14
If you are reproached for the name of #Christ, blessed are you, for the Spirit of #glory and of #God #rests upon you. On their part He is blasphemed, but on your part He is glorified.
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
1 Peter 2:13-17
Therefore #submit yourselves to every #ordinance of #man for the #Lord’s #sake, whether to the #king as #supreme, or to #governors, as to those who are sent by him for the #punishment of #evildoers and for the #praise of those who do good. For this [1/2]
is the will of #God, that by doing good you may put to #silence the #ignorance of #foolish men— as free, yet not using #liberty as a #cloak for #vice, but as #bondservants of #God. #Honor all #people. Love the #brotherhood. Fear #God. #Honor the #king. [2/2]
I actually don't believe in prayer AND I am an American.  Please don't label everyone the same.
Referring to American history, our country was built upon Faith. Today is a reminder of how our country got to where we are. #WeAreBlessed
No. The USA was literally built upon secularism. I know its hard for you to realize but the truth is some of the founding fathers n mothers were in fact atheistic. Stop praying and start doing.
Last I checked the American people believed in FREEDOM...ya know freedom of religion...that constitutional right y’all seem to have forgotten...so we believe in what we want, and pray (or don’t) to who we choose....America? Remember????
Freedom of and freedom from
In Christ's name Amen
#HypoChristian

The House Chaplain stood up for the poor — so Paul Ryan fired him
Just FYI:
This isn't religious freedom, it's a state religion:

Trump's Cabinet Is Attending Weekly Bible Studies Led By A Conservative Pastor | HuffPost
Evangelicals scratch Donald Trump’s back – and he’s returning the favor |
Bonus video for a little comic relief: Donald Trump Said He Never Asked God For Forgiveness.

Lol love it
Don't forget racism.  Racism runs through every era of America's history too.  Maybe we could work on that more.
And right now, millions are praying for an end to all this.
What about Thoughts as well? Thoughts are feeling quite left out today. Maybe we can have a National Day of Thoughts to restore its equal footing with Prayers?
If Jesus comes back, he will tell you how he really feels about you.
And rest assured, it won't be pretty.

Also, don't bother trying to hide in the closet.

#Omnipresent
I just want to say as a Christian, church and state are separate and last night we found out that our president cheated on his wife and lied about paying a porn star hush money...so can conservatives revaluate their stance on Trump now? I mean now seems like a good time, right?
He has cheated on every wife he had.  He has also mentally abused them by their own admissions
Nazi.
We've been praying more than ever these past 16 months. Praying that @realDonaldTrump and you are both gone before you completely destroy our country, our people and the world. Please join us in that prayer.
I don't. May of us don't. am I still American?
You mean like all the prayers for a very, very, very short #TrumpPenceEra?
Your words are meaningless. Your actions show us all we need to know.
So it's totally okay to bring politics into sports when it suits you, but kneeling NFL players are disrespectful?
Let’s be clear, these NFL players were taking a knee during the National Anthem! They weren’t praying...they were protesting During the National Athem?? We stand as a sign of pride & respect for our flag & country with hand over our heart because we are thankful to be Americans!
Protesting peacefully is a right... what’s not constitutional is bullying. Since Trump and Pence took power bullying has become the norm in America and it’s very sad.
The USA is a Christian Nation!
Lol no
I pray your entire corrupt administration will be thrown out of the Whitehouse
I pray for the removal of you and Trump from office asap.
The USA is specifically secular. It's one of the very few nations on earth that are.
You are absolutely right. Every night before going to bed the majority of Americans pray that when they wake up in the morning you and Trump have been removed from office.

God's message
I pray every day that we can get #45 out of office
U support the most corrupt administration in US history. U have no credibility. Hypocrites..
Trump stood on Air-Force One, looked the American people in the eye and told lie after lie.  This is sufficient reason to remove any sittin’ President and Trump should be no exception.
Every time he speaks he lies. It gets worse every day. I really dont think he is stable.
Praying for Stormy!
LITERALLY #FAKENEWS this entire statement only exists as a truth in your bigoted fantasyland.  Repeating it does not make it true.  Do your fucking job and represent ALL Americans - not just the rich, white christian mafia.
I prayed for your collective removal from office today. @TheGoodGodAbove smiled.  Said he was working on it. #basta
Why are you on my timeline ew
Pray you get a good lawyer.
Can you really imagine a 'good' lawyer wanting to work for him?
Hahahahaha! True... So true!
#NationalDayOfPrayer 
#fudt

Scores of millions are today praying for your Administration to be gone, soonest and by any peaceful means.
So Pence prays for the rich?
Blessed are those who fuck pornstars while their wife is at home
Self-serving hypocrite.
I pray you will be caring for the less fortunate of all faiths, and I pray you will find a spine. Amen.
LOL, don’t listen to Mike Pence, he’d hang all the gays if he could. (Am I right, @realDonaldTrump?? )
#OneNationUnderGod 

#thankyouPresidentTrump
Thankfully less so with each passing year


.@WhiteHouse The entire premise of constitution 1st amend is to free the gov from religious influence, and to stop gov from making decisions about and for religious groups. This administration seeks to destroy the spirit of and violate the constitution. Treason is your sick goal.
Some American people, not all. The fake cord that @realDonaldTrump pretends to now embrace and honor in complete discomfort will become his own noose with which he will hang himself in shame. So help him God.
If you all pray then why don't you follow God rules? If you see your brother have a need don't pray but help him. That is scripture but it seems that you your words don't back action. Why is that?
You take care of Jesus, Pence- I'll handle the porn stars, believe me.
I just saw Trump on TV at a WH prayer meeting!  If I ever saw a hypocrite talk it's Trump.. he has not one shameful bone in his body.. he will need more than a prayer to get out of this without going to JAIL...yes lock HIM UP
What's that breaking news??
Prayer doesn’t actually accomplish anything. Prayers don’t stop the shootings or the corruption. God helps those who help themselves so get off your lazy ass and help the American people 
God doesn't help anyone 
So not the point of that comment 
Where's your Kanye #MAGA cap?
#KanyeWest
Have you heard of separation of church and state?
I Love and Support OUR GREAT PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Just do it quietly not on the street corner.
God Bless you Vice President Pence! May our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ Bless your soul for all of Eternity!
Trump has only violated man's law, not God's law. 
When a pious Christian gentleman ejaculates deep inside a porn star -- (while his wife is home caring for a newborn) -- and he cries out "Oh Jesus!" in orgasm, nothing in creation could be more Evangelical than that.
Uhh what about the separation of Church and State?
Pray for yourself, butthead.
Stop it you fake Christian
But only Christian prayer right?  To hell with everyone else.
SAD!
"It's not that Christianity doesn't work, it's that it hasn't been tried."

And if prayer worked, you would never be within 1,000 miles of the Whie House.
Beautiful meeting at the White House today. National Day of Prayer What beautiful words. What amazing testimonies brought tears to my eyes. This Administration gives the glory to God and that will touch the hearts of many around the world and God hears our prayers
God bless
These are bold words. I have to ask you though, what is it exactly that you're praying for when you're in private? There are a lot of people who are praying for love, peace, liberty, and the victory of compassion over bigotry; are you praying for the same thing?
Does Stormy Daniel's pray?
Thank you to Vice President Pence ... #NationalDayofPrayer
#NationalDayOfPrayer
Keep praying the gay away.  I mean it obviously works.
Many will say to Me in that day, ‘Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in Your name, cast out demons in Your name, and done many wonders in Your name?’ 23 And then I will declare to them, ‘I never knew you; depart from Me, you who practice lawlessness!’
My Dear Comrade @VP :Your statement is factually incorrect as you imply ALL Americans believe in prayer & always have. Some do not. ALL Americans believe in the FREEDOM to pray or not pray. It’s the foundation we built this country on. Gov should promote that freedom, not prayer



Breaking News: President Trump reversed his position on a payment to the porn actress Stormy Daniels, confirming that he reimbursed his lawyer for it 
 https://nyti.ms/2Ky6iDl 
Pray for peace #ProudofZarif #IranForPeace #StopTrump #StopWar #JCPOA #IranDeal

IMAGINE THE 
ARROGANCE

THEY CLAIM GOD SPEAKS TO THEM AND TELLS…
I pray we can get #Trump out of office!! #TrumpLiedToTheNation #TrumpLiesMatter #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpColluded #TrumpResignNow #NoOneIsAboveTheLaw #LiarInChief
You sir are a real piece of !!!!!!  You are a liar and not a man of God!
I am staying: "Pence is a White Hat".  I am going to hang on to this.  .@B75434425 .@realDonaldTrump #QAnon "For I know the Plans I have for you"! Jeremiah 29:11
Fake Christian.
I see how prayer is becoming more important to you, comrade. It is looking like your only hope for staying out of jail.
Mike Pence hides behind his Christianity.
A hearty amen
Your psychopathy, pathological lying, gaslighting & cognitive dissonance bs is on full display for the world to see & it ain’t foolin us. #FakeChristians #NationalDayOfPrayer #Mueller
National Prayer Day the day after Trump admits paying Stormy Daniels $130,000 cant be a coincidence.
LBGTQ Americans are protected by the Bill of Rights too - talk about your Sharia law 
Here's Pence showing his FAKE Christianity and hoping it will keep the people believing in all the blindness and confusion to continue to enrich Wall Street, CEOs, and big corporations; while at the same time taking more away from the poor and working- class.
#JesusKnowsYouLieMichael

There is nothing at all in the Republican party that reflects the teachings of Jesus
I DONT FOLLOW BIGGOTS AND RACIST IN THE WHITE HOUSE ... OR A FAIRY BOOK ...FULL OF LIES...HOW MANY CHURCHES TURN AWAY OTHERS...lololololWHO HIDE BEHIND OR STEP ON A FAKE BIBLE ...lol PENCE HEARS GOD TALK TO HIM... MENTAL ISSUES
Better pray you have a better lawyer than Rudy

I reject the #NationalDayOfPrayer on moral and ethical grounds.  Without honesty, prayer is pure hypocrisy!  We have a LIAR followed zealously by LIARS in the White House.  #Morals are departed and #Trump obliterated them.
Thank you VP!
Church and State, Mikey. They are to remain separate, kinda like your bedrooms; you & mother.
Not this American. Actions, not whispered pleadings at the side of your bed, yield results.
I'm praying hard.  God help us @POTUS #pornstars #TrumpCrimeFamily #hypocrisy #doomed
No. Racism is the cord that runs through every era of America's history. But cool thought.
And yet you forget our VETERANS but twice a year...

Congressional policies to eliminate us since Vietnam in full effect... 

How many more must die?
not when Paul Ryan fires them.
You and trump make being an American embarrassing.
Let’s pray for a president who’s smarter than a 5th grader 
I pray for success by Robert Mueller. 
I pray for forgiveness for DJT!

Your words are as empty as your soul.
@VP fake ass bible thumper!
As we embark on the tablets that moses brought down from the mountain... we all remember that one amendment of thou shall not lie..... lmao
Shame on you Mike Pence! How can you possibly stand by and support the words and actions of Donald Trump?
How do you sleep at night?  You are nothing but a hypocrite.
You call yourself a person of God. Hypocrite!!!
The hypocrisy makes me want to puke . . .
Such hypocrites!!!!!!!
“God Help Us”
Not all of us you limited view twat.

Did America pray for more Mexican Land to steal?
I just saw Trump on TV at a WH prayer meeting!  If I ever saw a hypocrite talk it's Trump.. he has not one shameful bone in his body.. he will need more than a prayer to get out of this without going to JAIL...yes lock HIM UP
God surely hates you.
It takes guts to be an open hypocrite on National Prayer Day.
Yes, we are praying this nightmare ends soon with you and @POTUS in jail. Traitor.
America has been praying that this presidential nightmare will be over very soon! While you’re praying, pray for that! Amen!!
If the economy is doing so well because of the tax cuts why are there such wild swings of the stock market? If the economy is doing so well why did the United States have to borrow hundreds of billions of dollars on Monday?
This is really stupid.
Hypocrisy (noun): when the man who had an affair with a porn star and paid hush money to her leads America in the National Day of Prayer.
PRAY FOR PUERTO RICO!  DONT GET DISTRACTED PEOPLE!
Er, as a religious leader, I find this irrelevant to the running of our national government.
This has no place in our government.

Yes hello I'm an American people who doesn't believe in prayer.
AMEN!!! GOD BLESS AMERICA #MAGA
Did America pray for more Slaves to build shit for free?
POTUS just keeps getting better and better. As a human and as our POUTS. Thank you.
Did you just wake up from a coma ? This is 2018 not 2015 . And yes he will be POUTS ing !
We all see things different.  Are you suggesting I become you?
Not at all, but I am suggesting you open your eyes and when you look at Trump you will see what most Americans and all of the rest of the world sees .
Again you make an assumption then recommend I think like you. America at its finest.  I see things totally different. And as I see you things you must be looking through limited glasses. Or you  wish our country I'll will.
Have a great day Jack, and don't take it too hard when Trump is forced out of office . I know exactly where people like you come from. I had a dog who thought he was so smart that he could beat porcupines as well.
Letsgive it a year , then we will see .
All American people do not believe in prayer. I'm an American person, I do believe in prayer but a lot of people don't.
Thank you for holding the national day of prayer again, we so missed that.  We R so fortunate to have you and @POTUS leading this country & give God all the praise.
Joe Arpaio say what?
Prayer to which god?
What could be better that the crown ‘prince of lying’ issuing the proclamation.
Not really, separation of church and state is the foundation of America. Stop lying, American Talibani- you want women pregnant and powerless and men armed to the teeth. And everyone uneducated. Now shut up, Mother is calling you.
Keep separation of religion and government. Pence will establish Christian Sheri’s laws. Need to keep him in check.
Mike Pence is a bigot and a racist. What makes him Hippocratic is God cannot prosper hate, injustices and lies for anyone. Pence is the worst because he believes in his own BS.

The "cord that runs through every era of America's history" is freedom of thought, grand ideals and mighty aspirations. Prayer is the "cord" that stiffles, binds and chokes these things. Give rational thought a chance, you evil Q-Tip.
Pence, prepping for his post-Trump-impeachment presidency.
Sir, I agree that a great many receive comfort from prayer. Nevertheless, holiness seems far removed from this White House.

AMEN AND AMEN  LOVE YOU LORD!!!!
And thank you god for making me a loving transgender human despite the vitriol and abuse your supposed followers spew at me in your name.

Dear god end this disastrous administration... Sincerely decent people everywhere.
I love how you God fearing evangelicals believe in guns for killing.. I also worked for you in Indiana while you was  governor,  I  so appreciated MANDATORY FLEX TIME  so I could not receive Overtime Pay,  Screw the working class right PENCE
Fake Vice  President to impeach!!
Nope. Not all of us. I hope many more believe and trust in actions.
Mr Pence, Faith without action is meaningless. Your silence has spoken loudly of your agreement with destruction of the earth via Trump, Pruitt EPA, your abuse of His children through your plan to enrich the wealthy at cost to the poor
Bullshit.
#WeThePeople 
#NationalDayOfPrayer
Reported to @TwitterSupport for directing hate toward atheists.
. @VP @WhiteHouse SOME American people believe in prayer. Only some.

Combining church and state is against the core belief of this country, even back in the day when MOST believed in prayer.
You work for evil and claim good..that’s as evil as it gets..
STFU you hypocrite!
Let’s pray that you stop supporting evil people, guilty of crimes against humanity and Gods other creatures..wtf dude?!?!
Riiiiiiight
Soooo very Thankful to have a man of God like Mike Pence as Vice President.!!!!!!!
Don’t think everyone agrees with you. Keep your religion to yourself.
@POTUS @VP  Thank you, and your wonderful family for all you have done, and continue to do, for our great nation.
Prayer? I pray to Allah. Does that matter? Or is it only your gawd? I forget the rules.
I’m praying that you will resign
Hippocrite
Which kind of prayer tho?
Not all of us agree with your mythology, Mike. God, Jesus, Muhammud and prayer DO NOT figure in my daily life. So get off the soap box pandering to the religious for votes.
Pence has no idea what Faith actually is. None whatsoever
If God is watching, he will treat the corrupt with justice.
Mr. Pence, maybe you need a reminder that you serve ALL Americans, not just Christians. You may also want to read a history book about our founding fathers and their actual beliefs.
Prayer can’t save you, Mike. You have no soul.
Amen!
Yeah, you need to start praying. It's going g to be the only thing that will save you... A miracle, and I'm atheist. 
Even through the pussygrabber?
Prayers are a feel good solution for people too selfish or lazy to do something about a problem.
Amen.
Bless us!  Let us seek the kingdom of heaven and the Heavenly Father's righteousness....  In the name of the Lord Christ Jesus let us pray....
Once again, put the prayer posts on your private page. Use @vp for government business. It's not hard, cretin.
Give it up for the great pretenders, you cannot celebrate a racists bigot in Arizona two days ago and then have to nerve to talk about prayer as a corner of http://America.You  have celebrated a man who discriminated against Hispanics and demoralized men, women and children.
There is a place in HELL for people who use the LORDS name in vain....you talk all religious but your morals displayed are not that of Jesus teachings.
Did you pray for a wall to keep out all those evil immigrants?  Did you pray for cuts to programs helping the less fortunate?  That’s what Jesus would do.  #FakeChristian

This is so true - God bless you Sir 
