On April 18, Ambassador Brownback visited Rohingya refugee camps in Cox’s Bazar, Bangladesh. He was deeply moved by the stories of men, women, and children who fled to safety in Bangladesh following ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya in Burma since August 2017.
but Indiana.. you violated our religious freedom.
Not true fake
?? In 2015 when IN  #RFRA passed  17 denominations affirmed same gender marriage and a woman's right to choose. As ordained clergy  I could not solemnize  congregants marriage .Or did you mean @VP @realDonaldTrump fake
Let's try some maths.

VP - (LGBTQs) =/= shedding light on fucking persecution. 

Christ did say something like, "why do you look for the speck in your neighbors eye while you ignore the log in your own?"

I guess you are being biblical.
Persecuted and oppressed? Does that mean you'll stand by women, all races, and LGBTQ people?
Do they get the same thoughts and prayers you dish out here to the victims of gun violence?  All talk no action.
Well, except for the persecuted and oppressed in our country. You aren’t so interested in protecting them are you?
Please think of us White people in South Africa. We are being killed on a daily base. Please!
With great power comes great responsibility! The greatness of the new voyage!

As long as they don't try to take refuge in the United States, though, right?
Great
Ishtar be nice if he stood for the persecuted in his own back yard. Hmmmmmm what a novel idea.
Amen! 
Need to get the tyrants and corrupt out of here, get rid of GOP plant Session and put Rudy in.
Pure lip service! Who even knew Brownback's ceremonial position existed when white supremacists were allowed to have a "protest" surrounding an Arizona mosque with automatic firearms. So you went to Myanmar,BFD. #officialhypocrisy
Mr. Vice President Sir, have an eye on persecuted Christians worldwide...
except allowing them political refuge in the US.  Only a hypocritical "believer" could say so much while rationalizing doing so little.
America First.  Build the wall
Y'all are a like behind the ball on this one huh
I'm always afraid when they say Rohingya, esp. in relation to a camp, that they mean us, the 21st century.

~Chen Li (Xanten), Yong He (Xanten),º

Separate religion from government please!
Thank you for the response to my tweet I appreciate it
Oh really? What took you so long? And how about your own citizens?
Lots of u are nuts!;)
which is a lie since we know that both Pence and Trump have done all they could to keep out muslims, and syrian refugees.  Why does TrueChristian Pence lie all of the time?  #profounloserPence
AMEN!

We need secular science to ecologically support local `plans so each community prioritizes toxic locally and afar. For US isnot prioritizing our ecology nor our climate change which shows how dysfunctional you people are on US Gov as well many trapped trying. Please work w/Greens
Go away. You’re hypocritical as well as complicit in the destruction of our democracy
That means freedom from your religious prejudice that your way is the only way
Amen...............
#FuckYouAndYourLyingCronies
Hi from Puerto Rico.
sir, the central intelligence agency is running a covert program involving people with telepathic ability some of whom are american nationals which involves prostitution, torture, criminal intimidation, corruption and bribery. please order an investigation. people are suffering.
in Hyderabad, Telangana, INDIA. even a cursory inqury will reveal truth about corruption , torture, human rights abuses, abuse of power by the central intelligence agency in dealing with people with telepathic ability. sir please investigate as CIA is suppressing the truth.
Uh, what about Puerto Rico?! (They're freaking Americans!!!)
Uh, what about Syrians?
Don’t be fooled by the corruption of this administration!  Spanky is a criminal just like pence.
"Under @POTUS, the United States will ccontinue to stand with the persecuted & oppressed around the world". The VP of the USA does not include the LGBTQ Coummity but, rains persecution on us daily. A true envangelical christian hater. @HRC @gaycivilrights @WhiteHouse @thehill
Even you buy drumpf's !
What about the Rohingya rebels who were attacking police stations?
Oh yeah, did I forget to mention that the rebels are Islamic terrorists m
Except let them into safety when there’s literally only 100’s left?  How about the Syrian innocents? There’s been a huge light on their sitch for a while, Mike.
Ever hear of separation of church and state....when Donny said he loved the uneducated he must have had you in mind mike.
Freedom only if you are a Christian.
Thank you for shining a light on this human tragedy.
As a Christian,  I am disappointed and disgraced by this administration and the use of religion to their twisted thinking and policy!  In order to have freedom of religion and speech,  we must continue to separate Church and State.
You know nothing of Liberty! Look in the mirror to find the man with the record as a dictator.
You don’t even stand with the persecuted and oppressed in your own country.  Do you even understand what religious freedom means? #dontthinkso
You claim to be a follower of Christ, but you lie all the time. Lying is a sin. How do you rationalize the two? BTW, POTUS is big on persecuting and oppressing folks in this country.
Religious intolerance. 
Religious hate.

Sick
#QAnon

#DeepState 

#WednesdayWisdom 

#TheRainMakers 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
Is the Mueller probe legitimate or a hoax?
Really,  how are you two doing in Puerto Rico.  You really are one sick dude Mike.
Aren’t you the governor who signed electro conversion therapy into@law to convert GAY PEOPLE???? You have no moral ground to stand on for the #OPPRESSED  people of the world.
HATE YOU SO
The Syrians have a problem as well
I am proud of the efforts to protect religious freedom. Thank you for making it a priority.
Damn hilarious
This picture tells you the story, most of #Rohingya refugee have similar experiences. Truly painful...
Myanmar government 'bulldozing Rohingya villages' to hide evidences and still going on !!
Suukyi's Myanmar Government keep deceiving all world.
Time lines of Rohingya Genocide by Myanmar Army - Tatmadaw & Goverment. #AungSanSuuKyi is one of them, of course !  Send them to ICC in Hague !!
Mike Pence could be the president of the United States if the Republicans Democrats had to impeach Donald Trump by doing so I do believe that Mike Pence could save the Republican Party the House and Senate and the White House
By doing what? Tweeting? #trumpstooge

Persecution is happening in Puerto Rico
You can start with the Puerto Ricans! Get them some underground electrical equipment now! If they're here in November, they'll vote! They are a huge Democratic bonus!
Really now? How many Syrian refugees has the US let in under your dear leader? 11? 44? Your POTUS would rather bomb than stand with and provide needed succor to the persecuted. But you keep flicking his taint you creepy veep. He enjoys receiving as much as you enjoy giving.
You'll stand with the persecuted and oppressed unless they actually seek political asylum in this country. Hypocrites.



The same righteous Sam Briwnback who did such a srellar job as governor of  Kansas? You and he are two of a kind.
You don't even stands up for them at home and in fact oppress them yourself. 
Resign.
you & your boss: too cowardly to attend the funeral of former First Lady, Barbara Bush
Love me some religious freedom!

AMERICANS ARE OPRESSED!!
USING THE PEOPLE'S PAYCHECKS FOR EVERYONE
BUT AMERICANS
Or, one could look at the facts of Obama's spending habits and take note that he added over $9 TRILLION to the total national deficit.

BO nearly spent as much money as all 43 POTUS before him COMBINED.
How many religions has Brownback persecuted himself?
Just like we do for the LGBTQ here in America, right Mike?
What the hell do we have an ambassador for that?
Thank you
The persecuted and oppressed? Like the Palestinians?
...Godless @POTUS Smiling, waving, as ICE deports them.
What a murderous farce.
You have gall talking about others persecuting people.
You are one of the architects of the failed Transgender military ban, like you supported debunked 'conversion therapy' for LGBTQ minors when you were Gov. of Indiana. Oppression? Persecution?
Hypocrite.
Just the Christians or the Muslims also?
#directdemocracy
GOD BLESS YOU Trump Administration, it's time for people of this country to understand religious freedom means Christians also.
BTW Many Rohingyas are Muslim. Probably a majority.
#HailPOTUS

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
Just not at home.
What about Yazidi? What about South African whites? Selective compassion.
As long as they are Christians, right??? We know that’s what you want to say.
Pick who n look the other way when an ally is the oppressor So VP best to say nothing because US hypocrisy  is sickening
Yes, it is.  Most of the refugees and horrors inflicted upon people around the world are because of the US sticking its nose where it doesn’t belong.
He’s no shinning light. He’s a religious Christian Nutbag. He is hell-bent on making women do what he wants and limit their freedom in the name of religion. Why is this administration so disconnected from the truth?
If Brownback ‘was deeply moved’ it could only mean that he drank the local water.

Except for the Palestinians, right?
Talk is cheap. What are you going to do about it?
Seriously? Sam Brownback shining a light on the persecuted? To call him an ambassador for religious freedom is a sin, a mortal sin. Sam is happy traveling and making lots of $ like you. Blue Wave going to end your oppression soon.
I do not have enough information to second your statement. south dakota, north dakota... are nice.

FREDDOMS is about all AMERICA HAS:
Do not let the BEAST 666 take that away!!!!
Apparently this philosophy doesn't apply to the Muslims that your administration banned from entry into our country. Admit it, you agree with "freedom of religion" as long as it is Christianity.
YOU FAKE
"Under @POTUS, the United States will continue to stand with the persecuted & oppressed around the world." as you, Potus & the GOPigs continue to persecute and oppress Americans based on gender, racial make-up, sexual orientation and net worth - got it, you religious hypocrite.
What about all the oppressed who aren’t Christian?  #WWJD?
But them bitches are not coming to the USA we are just gonna say nice things about them
What about the Muslims pence you Oppress anyone that is not in line with your beliefs. You are a disgrace for your oppression and support for Trump who is unique Christian in every way.

Has he visited white genocide in South Africa?
Lord Voldemort wants you to finally embrace your inner rainbow and come out. We see how heavy lidded your sneak looks at Trump! You looooove him. 
Is that where Brownback fled to after bankrupting Kansas ?
If you and Haley burn Trump DEEP STATE will head for you next.  MAKE NO MISTAKE GOD HAS CHOSEN TRUMP and America HAS also CHOSEN TRUMP TOO! @nikkihaley @VP Haley AMERICA DID NOT ELECT YOU! GET OVER YOURSELF!
Religion is a cancer
But not enough to welcome immigrants should they flee persecution. That was so pre-Trump.
Why do we waste money on such a position? And why on this tool? He did so well as gov. Of Kansas ... oh wait, he bankrupted that state. Just a position to facilitate “Christ-shaming” other countries. I dig God, but His fan club is bat crap crazy.
The world already knows about this. The news (maybe not Fox News) has reported this for months, especially because the country's leader has a Nobel Peace prize. Where have you been? What are you doing about it?
What about BIAFRA
So the Palestinians then?
You sight an obscure example of humanity to further your rhetoric?  HOW PATHETIC!!! And you are second in line?  RESIGN now!!! You offer nothing!!!
Sir, many Americans who live their lives differently than you believe you help persecute and oppress them in this country....charity and essential kindness can begin at home
The United States has only admitted 11 Syrian refugees in 2018. What are you smoking, Pence? You stand for nothing but profit and collusion with Russia. Just quit.
You know, unless they're gay...
And the gays!
BS!


You did sweet nothing when they were being burned and pushed out. They were Muslims of course.
How in hell are you just now learning about this?

The light has been shown on it for years – especially for the entire length of 45's presidency.

So – not paying attention because they're brown? Muslim? Far away?
You won't even stand for the people that are suffering in the country your orange muppet resides over.

#NixPence
What about the people that @POTUS persecutes
Yeah?  How did you show support for them?  How did you help them?  You ignored it and looked the other way for as long as you could. So please, stop the BS.

Unless they happen to be LGBTQ
Lol trumptard is putin butt buddy puppet n well looks like u got trumpys lil pipi hiding in you rear sumwere...lol your a russian tool..here is a lil eyecandy to keep u in line..so your not Jonesing for trump love...
You need to protect the religious freedom of our military chaplains!  Urgently
Unless they are gay, transsexual, poor, refugees, sick, or not from a nation he wants to disparage. How can a man of integrity work for Trump?
Very sad that one of our very own citizens, Mike Pompeo, is being subjected to religious persecution by Democrat members of our congress. 
Very happy that our @POTUS is standing by Mr. Pompeo and against these obscene persecutors.
So glad you're standing for the persecuted & the oppressed! What's the plan for welcoming refugees from this persecution into the US? Does this also mean you've reversed your views on persecuted & oppressed people in the US, such as unarmed people of color & LGBTQ people?

@Franklin_Graham We are not in Turkey, are we? How can the U.S. take a stand against foreign governments who persecute Christians for expressing their Faith in GOD & yet allow persecution within our Country? Christians must unite Now & stand for your Faith or Lib agenda will rule
Try to Remember the separation of church and state!
But not in Murica. Sad!
Thomas Jefferson:"Christianity Neither [Is] Nor Ever [Was] Part Of The Common Law" 
The Treaty At Tripoli: Article [11] State "The Government Of the United States Of America Is [Not] in any sense, founded on the Christian Religion" @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @NewsHour
Pence professes but doesn't practice.
But not the persecuted and oppressed here at home.

@VP but these people who are suffering will have to suffer in silence where they're being oppressed because you and @realDonaldTrump are blocking refugees from coming to the land of the free and home of the brave.
Start right here in the US, okay?  But Good note overall Mike.
If that is the case, then why dont you let Sryian refugees into our great county? Why is Puerto Rico without power and water? You have a lot of fixing to do to make this Country better! Tell your boss to get to work and stop playing golf!
Delete this
Including persecuted and oppressed gay people?
You Need To Give Up This [Mr. Christian] Hustle You're A War Mongering NeOCon
So you are with LBGTQ people now?
You realize the American people have no respect for you, right?
I know I don’t respect pence or trump.  I revile both of them.
Your state department is 
Criminally under staffed. Don't even act like you give a shit, traitor
Whyin the hell do we have an ambassador for religious freedom?
“Persecuted” and “Oppressed “ are the names of the two leather boys from your club days.
Syrians are oppressed. Why won't you let them in the U.S. ? We know the answer @VP

Mr Brownback can go be a lobbyist for one of your anti-gay, anti-american, anti-equality law firms that you invite to private dinners, or whatever it is that he is useful for...
Awesome, when will the refugees arrive?
you really ought to consider the constitution and get rid of that ridiculous position and ILLEGAL WASTE of #taxpayer money (i know @RealDonaldTrump doesn't do taxes, but you do, @VP, right?) ... stop wasting our money and fund our #schools and #healthcare and stop #gun #violence.

SOS @vp Venezuela cada dia peor el hambre y la falta de medicinas acaban con los niños y ancianos y los jovenes huyen aterrados de este regimen castro comunista.Actúen por Diosss no nos abandonen estamos solos,
While you try to oppress women, minorities, immigrants and homosexuals here at home.  We  SEE you and your hypocrisy.
Yes you guys have really proven how much you care for refugees.
Hey, girl!
#SaveTheWorld !
