Judge Friedman's 1994 testimony stating partnership with partners of White & Case in Wallpark, but omitted law firm.

2 federal judges presided on David Whitehead's cases as partners with their law firms. Doesn't this tell story?!
You see? Bad guys will use anything to kill. More killed and injured than school shooting. Where's the talk about outlawing rental vehicles?
You care more about the Canadians then you do about your own country shame shame on you and that evil administration can't wait for them all to be in bright orange jump suites
Hello, any thoughts about the Waffle House shooting? SMH
Why are the Progress Liberal Media ala CNN,MSNBC forcing Americans through their Propaganda to be anamored with the Muslim Culture when it obvious there is a real and verified problem with them.
But nothing on the white AR15 toting shooter at the waffle house? I wonder why. #Racist
Get lost!!!!!
Thank you 
More thoughts and prayers.
Why are you monitoring it? Damage control so that your white christians won't suffer because of what this white terrorist did to innocent Canadians? Go monitor school shootings and #WaffleHouse and keep your nasty vibes out of Canada.
NIGERIA: BIAFRA BENUE CATHOLIC COMMUNITY THROWN INTO MOURNING AS #FulaniHerdsmen KILL 2 #PRIESTS, 2 #CATECHISTS AND 14 #WORSHIPERS IN #BenueState #UnMaskFakeBuhariForDNATest #StopBiafraKillings #SupportBiafraReferendum #WhereIsNnamdiKanu #Church in bondage
What about the AMERICAN shootings? Americans don’t stand shoulder-to-shoulder with their own countrymen, their own brethren??
We do stand shoulder to shoulder, it’s our leadership who doesn’t.
Right. Well I hope we stand shoulder-to-shoulder when our country will most need us.
Me too.

But nothing about the loss of American lives at the Waffle House shooting?

What about the innocent people of Nashville? Are you blind? Dont Americans of all colors matter to you? #ClosetRacist #TrumpRussia #TrumpResign
Thank you. Americans are good people and I’ve appreciated their compassion and support during this time of shock in our peaceful city.
We are all monitoring the #Mueller investigation and you and @realDonaldTrump illegitimate administration!!

#FakePresidentandVP
Of course #Pence and #Trump stayed silent when Trump supporter killed Muslims in Quebec while they prayed. But they’re with us now. No thanks #Toronto police officer took care of it by putting his gun away.
So #Pence and #Trump are standing with us. Hmmm. I wondered what that smell was. My #Toronto does not include them.
WHAT ABOUT THE SHOOTING OF THE 4-INNOCENT PEOPLE THAT WERE KILLED BY A HOME GROWN TERRORIST. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU ALL. WHY WOULD YOU MENTION THIS AND NOT MENTION WHAT HAPPENED AT THE WAFFLE HOUSE. THIS IS SO FRUSTRATING. ITS WRONG. YOU ARE NO CHRISTIAN. SHAME ON YOU ALL.
I live in Toronto, born and raised. If #Pence and #Trump are standing with me, I’m moving. Love my American neighbours. Can’t stand what #Trump admin and #GOP are doing to a nation I care about. We share this continent they’re a pox upon it.
Will you or President Dip Shit be Teeeting about the Waffle House shooting? Maybe a thanks to the young man who stopped the attack?
What about Nashville, you complicit POS?
Thanks.
Why are you commenting on the slaughter of 4 Americans at the Waffle House. The survivors were saved by a young black man James Shaw Jr. You need to acknowledge that.
And Nashville? 
HAHAHA!
What about the White guy in the Waffle House. 
Your and the Orange Shitgibbons silence is deafening!
Had the shooter been Muslim or black your pasty fake Christian ass would have been beating the terrorist drum so loudly Mother would have told you to quit, it may lead to dancing!
What about the shooting at Waffle House and the hero that saved lives? Y’all can’t be that prejudiced-.
I guess this means that the white supremacists in my government don't consider the killer white.
What a weak little toad you are. What exactly are you monitoring? Hasn’t it already happened? Is there not a situation in America you could “monitor”....I don’t know, let’s say maybe 4 Americans killed in Tenn by a White supremacist.
How about you mention a shooting of 4 poc in your own country as well.
Nah, you just thought the attack was done by an Islamic terrorist.  I can guarantee that as soon as you found out it was done by a white guy who hated women because they wouldn't fuck him, you 100% lost interest. But I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Waffle House shooting.
You know what? That's nice, 
Canadians would also like to hear you speak about how the bravery of a young black man in Tennessee saved the lives of many people.  And that the gunman was a white supremacist.
Then it won't appear to be such one-sided compassion.
The Canadian murderer was another disgruntled white guy, so there won't be any more said about that.
WHAT ABOUT the people of color from AMERICA who were murdered by yet ANOTHER white male?
Oh please, go back to your #nazi love fest. Canada does not want your #fakelove, #fakehelp #fakesympathy. Hell you didn’t even reach out to families of #ussfitzgerald or #ussmccain.
I'm sure that your "monitoring" makes Canada feel so much more secure
What is the deal?  Nashville USA: White supremacist with a gun stopped before killing more by #JamesShawJr, a brave, unarmed American.

Your.
Silence.
Is.
Deafening.

Why?

Because Mr. Shaw was not your @NRA “good guy with a gun” 

or 

because he is BLACK?

#WhiteShooter #AR15
Why no comment on the deaths of 4 Americans killed by a crazy white man with an ar15? Or the UNARMED hero that prevented more deaths. The shooter that was taken alive.
You, your president & your values disgust me.
Hundreds die in Chicago to pistols and blacks why no talk about them?
Looking for your Antioch tweet!

Crickets!
Hey Mike....would Nashville be better served seceding to Canada? Have you heard about 4 people getting killed there? Have you about that BLACK GUY WITHOUT A GUN who stopped a WHITE GUY WITH A GUN before it got worse? 

Sorry, my Caps lock got stuck there a bit
Why don’t you make a statement about the #WaffleHouseShooting? Is it because the shooter is white?
Yet you ignore the American hero  #JamesShawJr and his life saving efforts in a TN Waffle House. KKKat got your tongue? Or is it the NRA?
The Waffle House is in the US, but you are silent. Your racism is out there for everyone to see.
Y’all worried about freaking Canada? How about showing APPRECIATION FOR THE YOUNG BLACK MAN #JAMESSHAWJR?
Why no mention of Nashville?
Shame! Shame! Shame! On you both. #WaffleHouseShooting
Sure you are....did you both forget about the Waffle House shootings? Oh wait...they were brown skinned victims and a white shooter, and a black hero.  What the hell was I thinking? #MuellerIsComingForYou 
#MuellerKnows #RacistInChief
Sir, with all do respect, you're purposely ignoring what happened at the Waffle house. As a real christian,  I'm not confused about the gospel Of Christ because it's love, kind, forgiving and he wants us to exemplify that but you are not doing that. Why are you acting this way?
And yet, not one word about the shooting at the Waffle House nor about the brave man who disarmed the male conservative white nationalist shooter.

I wonder why not.
So much for “America 1st” when the terrorist is homegrown & looks like your son and the hero who squelched what could have been a greater catastrophe, looks like those American “SOB’s” in the NFL who have the audacity to peacefully practice their First Amendment right.
Hey! I’m in Canada, just outside Toronto and we don’t need your support. How about lauding the great hero who took down a shooter at the Waffle House in your own country? Oh right, he’s black .
James Shaw, Jr. is a HERO.
Mike pence.
I have this real strong feeling that your the anti christ
What about Tennessee and the Waffle House?  Not a peep about home grown terrorists. Or the hero James Shaw.  Did you call him and thank him?
This is a great demonstration of compassion and solidarity with our neighbors. Now how bout show that same compassion and solidarity for our brothers and sisters right here at home in Tennessee?! #CondemnWaffleHouseShooter #SayTheirNames

Are you also closely monitoring the increasing number of POC murdered by white supremacists in the US and sending congratulations to the Waffle House hero and thoughts and prayers to the victim's families. Just asking since I haven't heard.
For the love of God and all that’s holy don’t monitor anything in Canada. We despise your way of governing. Our police respect the lives of the ppl they police and the true meaning of justice. We the North are are already great, embracing our diversity. Leave. Us. Alone.
No mention of the Waffle House massacre. You and your dear leader are straight up racists.
But now that you know the Toronto mass murderer is a white Christian, there will be crickets.
Ya right
United States mourning the loss of :
Nothing to say about the Waffle House shooting. Too brown for you, huh?
Why so worried about Canada when there's plenty to worry about right here. Useless twit
Nothing about #WaffleHouseHero ? He’s an American hero. #JamesShawJrHero
How sad this is . Seriously!
Still saying NOTHING abt the WHITE Waffle House shooter of black ppl stopped by a BLACK man? disgraceful
Vice President. I am very confused as to why the president or you are not addressing the terrorist attack at the Waffle house.
How about the shooting at the Waffle House, you racist hack?
Maybe you and @realDonaldTrump would be “closely monitoring” developments in the #WaffleHouseShooting IF the shooter had been an immigrant or Muslim instead of an AMERICAN WHITE man and the hero who wrestled the gun from him had been white instead of a BLACK MAN.
Maybe you and @realDonaldTrump would be monitoring developments in the #WaffleHouseShooting IF the shooter had been an immigrant or Muslim instead of an AMERICAN WHITE man and the hero who wrestled the gun from him had been white instead of a BLACK MAN.
Couldn’t have said it better myself Bishop. 
Sir are you monitoring POTUS#he needsprayer!
Nothing for Nashville huh.... I guess if the hero was white... Or the victims were white or it wasn't a gun that killed them.... Or maybe 24 ppl died, then maybe...just maybe we would have at minimum got thoughts and prayers #WaffleHouse #WaffleHouseShooting
You forgot the old standby “Thoughts and Prayers.”
We're good  we support our fellow countrymen in times of adversity. 
You have your own country which is falling apart/facing a second civil war to take care of.
Had to throw the last sentence in just for good measures. You might make a good President if you would quit trying to destroy the old and poor.
I noticed they didn't shoot the guy even when he was acting like he had a weapon. Maybe send that video to our own law enforcement on how to handle an unstable individual. Leave the seniors and low income alone go get your money else where
Commmerce Sir/.
Plead them dry to a point they can no longer afford over head costs. I dont know the exact time table, but its something im willing to except the odds on that i can state im correct in that vision of that particular buisness bring an end to the money held by there chamber of-
Mr Pence we the people of CANADA don’t want u & that caricature of a MAN U CALL PRESIDENT TRUMP here in our country. U & he can stay were u are, we have enough of our own troubles we don’t need PRETEND U AND DISGUSTING TRUMP to pollute CANADA with your pretend POLITICS. NO THANKS
I am also stand with Canadian people .
Don’t do anything!!  The people of Toronto don’t deserve a second disastrous event
From Toronto here, how about you monitor your own country a lot more closely? Your hopes and prayers don’t seem to get the job done for your country’s people. In parting, you could both do a lot for the globe by simply resigning.
What about the Waffle House murders, where an unarmed black man took on a white terrorist gunman slaying people of colour with an AR-15? I guess that scenario doesn't fit your white supremacist agenda.
You don’t deserve our respect!
I eat at the Waffle House with my mother twice a week at 6am.  Any comments, or are you just going to rant about gay people, abortions and people that are white like me but don't despise brown and black people like you do?
You should consider closely looking into or monitoring the appalling State of Our Union and the Ass Buffoon you're a subordinate to.
I recieve federal pay and insurance with no aid from the state which by all accounts makes me a union man.
This time bracket and im unwilling to let them fire on me again Sir/.
The conversations im currently hearing is one the drug ring in bastrop county is haveing saying theyve got to find away to either get rid of me or turn me, which will never happen i gave the cops my trust and they failed me so the south lost there most important soldier again in-
I was glad to plan the norths gettsburg attack plan i delivered to nasa because it relates to avoidable futures and that we can make certin changes in society and im pretty sure the site operater delivers my messages to the correct people Sir/.
You do that
That a day may come that the taste of blood they have for me will become to strong to ignore, and that i as i walk the streets with no protection, my life maybe taken, and when i crossed that line that day at home i knew there was no turning back come life or limb Sir/.
Helping, and im almost certin the people trying to gain control over congeress and the white house are getting more than pissed off at how much money im taking from what i deem as the southern enterprise system held in america.
At public library, and because i memorized the chapters i would pick out that relate to a broader ban of knowledge the closed book teaching, that the information i held was to imposrtant to ya'll for it to die with me, so i finally entered the internet world and quickly started-
You need to know that one day alonebin my pastvwhile being on my families land i drew a actual line in the dirt and crossed it like what happened in the alamo with the thought of aiding all federal agencies i could with the knowledge i gained during the 6 years of study i put in-
thank you. Have a nice day.
And the killer was a Christian White Man...who can you blame now?
What about the Waffle House shooting?
That happened in your own country.
Why aren't you talking about that?
Is it because you're a racist?
We all know it is.
You could try caring about 4 black Americans killed by a right wing white man
Nice and all but....WHAT ABOUT THE MASS SHOOTING IN ANTIOCH? YOU DON'T CARE BECAUSE THEY'RE ALL BLACK?
But you aren't concerned about the shooting in Tennessee ass hole!
Pitiful. Meanwhile in Nashville...

I just learned you'll be speaking at a NRA terroist gathering - you have blood on your hands, you fraud.
Yet you mention nothing of the White Man with an AR15 who murdered 4 Americans .... we'll show you the same respect you have shown them and their families
Thank you Mr President
Closely monitoring Toronto? What about the families of the #WaffleHouse victims in TN in America?!
Thank you Mr Vice President



Local matter?

You and your boss have nothing for the Waffle House shooting? Maybe something to do with a white shooter and a black hero? Maybe?
HYPOCRITE.

God has your number, Mike. Be careful. Be very, very careful.

A review of your thinking and actions advised.
What? No thoughts and prayers. People killed with a truck - outrage. People killed with an AR15 - nothing we can do about it. #Bullshit
The prime minister of Canada doesn't.
#MAGA CANADA MUST CHANGE.
Until you want to screw with NAFTA. #Hypocrisy
What about the #NashvilleShooting ? You guys keeping an eye on the #whiteshooter too? #NRABoycott #RacismIsReal
Why not the Waffle House tragedy? Oh that's right, you're representing the terrorist organization, @NRA in Texas soon.
Are you and trump purposely ignoring the Waffle House shooting because, again, the shooter was a white racist killing blacks?  Or is it because the guy who stopped his rampage was an unarmed black man?
Seriously? A guy in TN who literally stopped an attacker (who ws NAKED, for cripe's sake) w/ AR-15 (which is ridiculous all on its own) and you have NOTHING to say about that? I feel for Toronto too - friends there, one a witness. BUT you COULD walk/chew at same time here- REALLY
Have not seen any comments from Trump on the Waffle House shooting.
A terrible event & Entirely preventable if former a Special Ops, CIA/FBI/NSA woman who served under Colin Powell were brought  back in.
No feelings about the waffle house shooting? None?
Canada doesn't need you @VP 
Maybe act like you give a damn about your own people for a little while. Same goes for that P.O.S. @POTUS of yours.
VP Pence  and POTUS… While I appreciate your willingness to stand shoulder to shoulder with you neighbors in Canada, how about standing shoulder to shoulder with your FAMILY FIRST...POTUS didn't you say America first? Waffles anyone?
How about a comment to the families of the Waffle House shooting and a thanks to the young man who was an unarmed hero!
This is Bullshit @realDonaldTrump ..where is the praise for the hero of waffle house shooting..c'mon man...do better..
What about the Waffle House victims?
Thanks Mr. Pence!   Howver that Damn Liberal Media is trying to whitewash and dilute this. The guy was a Muslim. Period.

HEY VP PENCE, 
WHAT ABOUT THE WAFFLE HOUSE VICTIMS? 
U REALLY DON'T HIDE ANYMORE, DO YOU?
I'LL BET UR HOOD &TORCH IS FRESH AND READY. 
#RUSSIATRUMP 
#TREASON 
#CONSPIRACY 
#COMPLICIT 
#GITMOAWAITS 
#GITMOAWAITS 
#GITMOAWAITS 
#GITMOAWAITS FOR #TRAITORS
What about Waffle House you two clowns
Still no response on the attack in Nashville, you show sympathy for foreign attacks but no concern for attacks on our own soil
What about the innocent people attacked in YOUR OWN COUNTRY?
Leave our country alone, we don’t need your bigotry.  You have a hero to congratulate in your country btw.  Don’t answer back without your wife by your side...me being a woman and all.
Wait, POTUS let you out?
You should be thanking this man...his name is James Shaw, Jr.  You and Trump are SHAMEFUL!
Where’s your post about the Waffle House attack?  Is it because the victims are black and not your base?  The shooter was white, that’s your voter base correct?
Cough, Waffle House.
2/2 Is it b/c a good guy without a gun stopped bad guy w/ a gun? Mr VP did you notice it was another disgruntled white guy who shot up a bunch of minorities. You say guns don't kill people people kill people...why worry abt denuclearizing North Korea? Nukes don't kill people...
Really...hows that support for PR and the USVI going?? I'll wait......
1/2...Why has no one in ur Administration offered condolences for the victims in Nashville at the Waffle House? Why has no one in ur Administration congratulated the heroic actions of the young man who prevented more deaths? Could it b/c they are persons of color?
What about the Americans in the Waffle House?
How about the domestic terrorist who killed 4 Americans in TN on Sunday and the unarmed African American gentleman who wrestled the gun away from him?  Anything to say about any of that?!?!?!  Crickets.
What about the loss of innocent American lives in Tennessee? Hypocrite.
What about the shooting in Nashville?  Any thoughts and prayers there?   Any words for the hero???   I didn’t think so....
Why not mention James Shaw? Or the victims who lost their lives before he stopped the shooter? Oh, that's right, the shooter is/a white guy!! Phucking hypocrite
Dear Glad Man,

We’ve got this

Signed,

Canada
Aren't you sweet. No one would guess you're such a traitor underneath that condolences tweet.
But you two didn't acknowledge #JamesShawJr! Shame you two imbeciles! #WaffleHouseShooting
Where’s your statement about the Americans of color killed at the Waffle House by the white, American terrorist?
White male supremacist and a black hero..... Hmmmm. I wonder WHY no mention from this SHITTY admin!!
Yup. Disgusting and completely predictable.
Excuse me? I don't think Canada needs you to monitor this event; it doesn't concern you unless it turns out to be a white American terrorist who drove the van. Let's talk about the white terrorist at the Waffle House. You know, the one who once tried to visit his hero, 45*.
You're monitoring it to see if you can demonize our Muslim brothers and sisters.  Also, why haven't you said anything about the Waffle House hero?  Is it bc you're pandering to racist base?
How about the young black man who saved lives in Tennesee and how about your "grief" the four young black victims of a white shooter?? Your hubris is disgraceful .... I'm just happy it will be short-lived
His hubris is beyond disgraceful. I think It is horrifying.
What about the American people killed by the #WaffleHouseTerrorist ?  It is embarrassing how racist this looks. Please prove us wrong.
So much for America first huh? America first unless POC are involved and the terrorist is white 
