God Bless! Y'all! 
My Condolences to all the Family.
RIP.
Mike Pence is a God-fearing VP. Proud of him.
Too bad there's not some all powerful being that could of saved Alfie.
Oh there is. Someone Who thought of you before you were born. Someone Who could have healed him if it was His plan. He chose not to. That Someone is your Creator , Almighty God
@
How about you say something about the shooting in Nashville at the Waffle House? That BLACK man is a hero and saved many lives!!!! But you and 45 don't want to talk about THAT! SHAME ON YOU ALL

Why's our http://gov.care  more about alfie more than Americans healthcare.
Your and trump’s evil God = devil!
Praying again? Sounds like the Florida shooting all over again. No progress on tougher gun laws. Sigh.
I would give anything in this world to see VP Mike Pence become POTUS in the future.
Yes he would be good but right now we have a good team in Washington which I truly believe God placed there.
A fine statement Sir !
Sorry for your losses!
Im from Liverpool. You dont care about him. Why not do something about the 2nd, and start caring about your own countries children. You are prolife but you support an amendment that is killing thousands. Irony?!
They deserve asylum.

well, Mike, since baptized believers in Jesus should be able to heal, then your god isn't paying attention to prayers for this young fellow.  Sure, thousands of prayers should have worked, but they didn't.  God doesn't like your prayers? Or god doesn't exist?
Also, god does not exist, you weirdo.
What about the waffle house victims?  Where's their prayer?  They're right here in the U.S.!
Can you please keep your statement about #AlfieEvans nonreligious please? The USA is a secular country.
It's legal in UK, a Death path invented by Alder Hey children's Hospital
Thank you mr. Pence to regard people here in E.U.

I share your feelings and pray for the parents to find comfort in the Lord. Looking forward to meeting you in person in El Centro BP station. God Bless you and your family and thank you for being part of the Army of God. God Bless DJ Trump for answering his calling of saving us.
I wish you would have spoken out before he died.
It's nice of you to support lifesaving healthcare for every child in America regardless of their ability to pay, since you're not a moral hypocrite.
@vp. Any way we can bring them here to America? Our kind of people.
I join you in your prayers. Civilizations are ultimately judged on how they care for the young and old, the most vulnerable in their care. The UK is failing in that regard, as their judges are total socialists, without regard for the wishes of the parents, or help from others?
PENCE 2020!
#GTFOH you give zero fux
Are you saddened when you and @gop sabotage the Affordable Care Act?  

A 2009 study by Harvard found that lack of health insurance was found to cause 45,000 deaths annually.  

Ending the ACA will cause deaths. 

Why do you want to end the ACA? 

http://www.pnhp.org/news/2009/september/harvard_study_finds_.php …
In addition to praying, please take action to protect sacred human life by not supporting the NRA. There are ways of supporting the #2A without supporting arms dealers who corrupt our republic.
Your policies, esp health care, will end up killing far more children than the health system in the UK.  Stay in your lane, Mikey.
U.S. must destroy Obamacare in its totality! #ALFIES death is #OBAMACARE
May God Bless his newest angel. He must be so sorrowful to see those who have no respect for Life. #LifeMatters
Didn't do much beforehand. Now sending condolences. Part of the job?
Stop praying to your nonexistent sky daddy and get to work making the world a better place.
Amen.
He is!
모두와 함께하시는 하나님을 찬양합니다.

Here

Alfie's death is the result of government control of health care. Don't allow Socialism into America.
Get the Government out of Healthcare if you really care.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/990289530380046336 … (Ranked 4th for Apr 28.)

Thank you for speaking about this.
What about the children dying in America because you took away their Chip ? No thoughts and prayers to their parents ?
Then why did you vote to take away healthcare from millions of Americans...this scene will play out in homes all over the US as elderly children and disabled fall through the insurance cracks
Another victory for Socalism. Breaks the heart of all freedom loving peoples. #SocialismKills
Wrong!!!!!!!
Thoughts and prayers! Coming from you, that is SO meaningful. I know the kids in Parkland were helped by them. As are the kids hiding under their desks all over America. Keep em coming.
what did you have to say when a trump following Nazi plowed his car into an innocent crowd killing a woman?
Before the Affordable Care Act,17,000 children died annually in the U.S. because of lack of healthcare a number dramatically improved by ACA, yet Alfie is important but American children are not; is your cynicism that great or are you just kneeling in front of the wrong master?
PowerPrayers
You would have to have a heart to care. Since you don’t these are just more empty words.   MAGA Make America Gag Again
Maybe god could have done a little more?  Or at least done something?

The United States has a higher infant mortality rate than any of the other 27 wealthy countries.
This country legally murders millions of unborn babies every year.
And what are you doing to help those in foster care?  We often seem to forget them once they are born
I volunteer at a pregnancy crisis center to make sure every woman is and her baby is loved and taken care of. What does this have to do with fostering? I know many wonderful friends and family who fosters. At least I'm  taking a stand for the innocent. What do you do?
Go adopt a kid who needs a parent. You seem to forget a child needs care after they are born. We have the highest infant death rate of any developed country because people like you only only advocate for the child in the wound and not after birth.
Prayers? Prayers to what, a god that is powerful enough to create all, but cannot save a child?
Amen Pence!
You didn't do crap RIP alfie
May their hearts be covered in great grace & a peace surpassing all understanding... & may their tears clearly magnify every gift of love & joy in their hearts. The LORD GIVE THEM HIS COMFORT!
God is watching you Mike and it isn't looking good, to much lying for the devil.
It is the Lord who gives life and He is the one who decides the length of our days.  I would not want to stand before Almighty God and explain putting little Alfie to death. 
True communism at work but our country allows it too sad but true !
Too bad ur gawd wasn't powerful enough to deliver a good outcome here.
And the British government commits another act of genocide under the neo-fascist guise of leftist "compassion"
Amen. I grieve for them.
Amen
Where are you Mr. Pence when your voice was desperately needed for this little boy who fought for five long miserable days just to stay alive as his parents were seeking treatment and we’re denied the right to live that is given by God and God alone ,where were you?
Where else would god be? Isn’t  he everywhere?
Dear Vice Pres. Pence i had 2 take my daughter 2 France 4 med testing NA n US 4 Porphyria. Can the @usporphyria meet w/ u 2 discuss
Porphyrias life threatening disease w\o proper testing its impossible 2,get diagnosis &  w/ her test result still can't get US treatment
Keep praying,because it did so much good.If your imaginary guy in the clouds really existed Alfie would be alive and assholes and fake christians like you and trump wouldnt be.
#PetycjaSmolenskaDoTrumpa https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …        Americans please help us in the Petition. God bless you 
No death panels in the United States 
R.I.P. Alfie Evans 
Prayers go out to the family. We cannot support a country that supports “Death panels” and for a government that puts themselves before GOD is wrong in every way,  It’s a travesty.
Pretty sure god could have stepped in and cured the kid, but he didn’t so perhaps god wanted him dead ?
This sickens me!! Why didn't Prince William and Harry help this child. Shame on them!!!
Now comes the part where you try to exploit this tragedy to advance your regressive agenda.
#CombOverlords bitch tweets again
The passing? You mean the murder of Alfie. He was starved, withholding sustenance until death is murder.
US stories like this not rare with insurance situation. Many parents aren’t able to keep their child alive for assistance nor care needed to prevent the progression of these illnesses. Alfie was lucky, although suffering, to have survived until this long. He is pain free, now.
How about next time ( because there will be a next time) you speak up before the child is murdered...
No, you’re not.

Yes
This is government run healthcare exposed. Who in their right mind would want the gov. to to decide what only you and your doctor should decide?!! Vote Republican in Nov. !!
With the cuts to Medicare and social services, will pence be saddened at the passing of lives here in America?
Do you see, even attorneys opposed the courts decision, they offend the world. This is exactly what happened to me, courts kill ppl alive.The child dead,no rights. I lost my income, cant live,no rights. So close the courts, I want to reform it,can U help @VP?
Mr. Pence, we all tried getting the president involved! Why did our nation stand silent?!


If only there were a god...
Another victim of socialized medicine.
Amen.
Same here Mr. Vice president,  such as sad situation,  proof that government ran health care is NOT what we need.
prayers and thoughts to Alfie god bless his parents  comfort is all you can do god bless to you and karen
South Korea and the U.S. to overseas or in the grace of the Lord want to with Amen
US infant mortality is 60% higher than in the UK. Are you praying for the thousands of US babies that would live had they been born in the UK?
siamo vicini in questo momento doloroso
Yes. Someone needs tobe held accountable for his untimely death.
R.I.P.
Your silence in all that you should denounce no matter if it is your mother, you will be accountable in the eyes of God
You are a great man Vice President Pence.  I will spend time tonight praying for you.  I pray you will stay strong.  The pressure of politics in this patriotic administration must be a burden beyond imagination.  God bless you and your family.  Know you are loved!
.@VP and releasing balloons are supposed to make everyone feel better! There is much that we can and should still do!
Very confidential ,read this http://www.chogabje.com/board/view.asp?C_IDX=77943&C_CC=AZ …
Mikey, why would your god be with them now when it wasn't with them before?
good moring sir
Could you and POTUS have intervened somehow in this child's behalf...it's terrible. Like speak to the QUEEN? Or do they only pose for tabloids? How heartbreaking. Every parent should have the right to try everything they can to save their child!
Politicisng death. You are a grub.
That's very sad for that child and parents. I thought that was in England. Blaming God for that is as stupid as blaming a gun for Sandy hook. God knows what's best for that child. And guns don't kill, people do


Be better off with God openly serving white folks God satan. The devil himself. Than to portray that you're a God fearing people wit his will being done above all. You people are hypocrites & demons. Children of devil's & mother & father to demon's. Knowing nothing of God.
If you crackers stood up for God & his will there be no need for a person like Trump. Trump can't save you everything he's done & will do will pass on & be forgotten. White people are demonic, & satanic idol worshippers of men & statues not of God.
God's Warning to chosen leader of United States, watch this following vedio. Red Dragon(Communism of Noko,Satan) and 38 line . U should watch out trump wheather trump is getting blackmails or not.

I believe U Tell republican traitors 2 repeal & replace osama care Another one 4 U to fix I retired & am on medicare I had 2 find another doctor because the largest medical group of doctors whom I have seen in the past will not take medicare paitents Failure of govt healthcare
Saddened to hear that you're still around
How could the U.K. have this much power over life...
Did you or the President make a peep? Time to break off with the UP pedophile capitol of the world.



And you and @realDonaldTrump didn't do shit!
Does he have this speech saved on word and simply changes the names
Certain a terrible praying for him and his family
What happened to praising James Shaw who saved lives?? Oh that’s right, you’re racist.
May his parents know no more sorrow. #AlfieEvans
A little too little too late. I wish we had done something...
ALFIE EVANS 
God’s peace, comfort and rest to this precious family.
Murder by the British,  who are v the new nazis. Killing undesirables.
Yeah like you really care!
You cannot blame God for men and womens freedom of choice. That's the first place non believers go
Our prayers are with this family. We to lost a child of 7 years to an illness. Only through knowing & trusting in JESUS were we able to overcome the pain of this loss. You to can overcome this through a relationship with our Lord & Savior JESUS. You can see him again. GOD Bless.
  
     
Such a sad story 
Hello America! Please sign a Petition and help to become back the polisch plane wreck from Russia! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … Work together
Amen


Prayers to Evans family 
You must have missed his comments 2 days ago!
The horrid results of Socialized Medicine!!! Repeal Obamacare!!!
Hey @VP  ... we know. We know. Yes. You SHOULD be shaking in your blood stained boots.  WE KNOW
They will need prayers for a long time. Alfie was worth prayers. and He was a part of both parents heart, soul and mind.
Ya, right.
What about the Waffle House shooting? Oh I forgot you think Black Lives DON'T matter.
He commented on that 2 days ago. Next misinformed comment??
You probably wish it rather be an LGBT person, given your history of hatred.
Let's stick to the story and leave God out of this
Get the #healthcare problem solved. @gop @GOPChairwoman
Prayers don’t help anyone and god isn’t with any them. Stop believing in a story-tale

If god cared why did he make him sick? Prayers fall on non existent ears
Thank you for your prayers.  I hope you will now back a healthcare plan that will benefit ALL American children.
Praying
It's not always God's choice.  His parents know this.  As parents we have to make decisions, good or evil.  Live on Alfie, got no sugar in God's house.
Thinking about time zones today and our big planet. It’s 2018 in most of the Western world, 7th century in the Middle East and 1984 in the UK! #AlfieEvans
Mr. Vice President. I just gathered this photograph from Twitter taken by a vet who visited the VA recently. This is the condition of the VA and it's a national disgrace for which many heads should be rolling.
Hello Sir!
it was murder. We cannot let socialized medicine be in the United States. ACA must be repealed and replaced. And we cannot forget Terry.
Where were you when you could have done something?!?! I have great respect for you and our President but much of it was lost due to this.
Thank you Mr. Vice President,my brother knows you personally and said, your one of the most honest, caring, reputable,Christian men he knows.I believe you are a man of prayer.

That is beyond despicable- something should be done to this British court
They need to Brexit. Come to the US
BLECH. Your opportunistic sanctimony is nauseating.
Sad stuff
UK is a death cult's dream. No socialized medicine in USA ever!
A very sad story!
You don’t seem concerned about all the people killed by gun violence. I guess you and Karen are praying to the NRA....
Leave the magic sky man out of this.
Liar
God bless you @vp. Reaching out to Katie & Tom
Whom you don't know, and neither does Mr Pence obviously, so it is inappropriate that both of you disrespectfully use just their Christian names: that'll be Mr Evans and Miss/Ms James.
Amen
And may God be with Fake Christians like you Mikey...
Why don’t you support medical care for the children in the USA?
Too bad foreign kids in this country don’t fit into your prayers
