You support a president who mocked a disable person. I thought hypocrisy and religion are not supposed to mix?
This is the President of your admministration. This is is heart. This is how he shows empathy.
Too bad he stepped in it again.  He is so humiliating
May God bless you.
Why?
You will share the same jail room with him too. That should be your biggest honour.
Only in your dreams
Honored??  Really you make me sick and nauseous:
#
Υοu are celebrating and honoring the Olympic Games but you don't show the same respect for the country which gave the light of civilization to the rest of the world when you are selling arms to Turkey,
was great during this Winter’s Olympic season! 
You make my skin crawl every time I see you standing with the "dope-in-chief", who lies and spews hatred on a daily basis. You're no christian!
He is a religious Nazi.

POS.

Could you stomach watching the athletes ? @POTUS COULDNT
And your new god, @realDonaldTrump called these Olympians "tough to watch" right to their faces. You should be ashamed of both, you're new god, and yourself.
Proud of all our USA Olympic Teams! Welcome to the White House! USA  USA  USA !
bot
God is watching you Mike you will be judged
No God is watching anyone, but hopefully he,ll be judged in another way, one day.
But the Paralympians were hard to watch

Rudy Giuliani has admitted Trump repaid Michael Cohen $130,000 given to porn star Stormy Daniels to keep quiet about his affair.

Trump lied to America.
Trump lied to his wife
Trump went to bed with another woman
Trump slandered Stormy Daniels

 When will enough be enough ?
Really?? You are honored to serve with this man?
Congratulation his excellency the president of united states of America  Donald J Trump for his move and also someone with appointment to be in role in white house.
So glad Paul Ryan is stepping down...heard he was plotting a coup last election to be VP. Fortunately he and his co-conspirators are no match for @realDonaldTrump! There would have been massive riots. VP serves at POTUS pleasure, don't forget, we won't.
anyone else notice how white this group photo is?
Congratulations to all active Olympic & Paralympic athletes for representing these United States of America and for the years of dedication.
THANK YOU!
“Too difficult to watch”
I'm so proud of Team USA but your boss shouldn't have made those horrible comments.
It’s working out just fine

Yeah, I saw you smirking at him when he stuck hit foot in his mouth.
GOOOO TRUMP !!
But they are still tough to watch, right?
It's a huge insult & scar on some of our Olympians that you choose to NOT celebrate equally. You publicly denounced the LGBTQ Olympians, judging them to be unfit to represent the USA. We all are made in "God's own image" and "thou shall not judge lest ye be judged".
Thank you all for your dedication to your sport and representing the US.  The games were fabulous.  Now thanks to this, the Korean War is over.  Your we're a fantastic example.  Love you for it all! God Bless You and the USA.
It’s ok Mike, no need to hide the real you

Great picture of team USA members!
What an honor to be recognized for your athletic accomplishment.  Thank you President Trump and Mike Pence for being the hope that we can believe in May God bless you and your family. 
Whether you know it or not the reason why we love America is because of men like President Trump through the centuries they made America what it is there's been bad ones but we're changing that President Trump is the way President Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves”

                                   Matthew 7:15
U stood proud while he insulted them? Here’s something to give u and ur homophobic worshipers a heart attack.
What did Obama say about special Olympics and bowling
ahora toca mover ficha.... Saludos Señor V Pence
every body nice
Your supreme leader seriously insulted our Olympic & Paralympic athletes. Trump is a continuous embarrassment to our nation, and your silence condones all of his bias, racist,  bigoted, disgusting words & actions. You are very poor example of a Christian.
Mike, your silence in the face of the tragedy that is the trump presidency makes you complicit in his crimes. History will not be kind to you.

Act or shut up.
@realDonaldTrump  the remarks made by Trump about not being able to watch too long was despicable and heart wrenching.
You're all going to jail
Honored again? What falsehood you have Pence.Gull the gullible!
Thank God there were also Olympians who would not lower themselves to going to the WH & having anything to do with Trump.
This is what your boss.  Our public embarrassment said.
Although it’s hard to watch, right?
That's Awesome ,Incredible Achievement's For the Athletes ,Pray God Riches Blessings to Them .
Proud of all of you.
I hope they washed their hands after touching #pervPOTUS
Wawi love u. S. A! 
If you think for one second, you’re going to try to repeal the ACA again, you are sadly mistaken
#TrumpDerangementSyndrome
you the mVP
haha sike
God bless you all.
Except for @realDonaldTrump , do you agree that watching Disabled People is pretty much gross and he can barely stand it?  #DoSomething
WATCH: During an event with Team USA Olympians and Paralympians at the White House, President Trump said, "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little…
How come prayer hasn't healed them?
Go U.S.A.
You are a puppet.
Tough to watch for very long but what the heck
Great to see true Americans Hero’s
Trump insulted Paralympians by saying they’re a “little tough to watch TOO much, but I watched as much as I could.”  What a vile thing to say.

More than a few were missing!
O.
The pathological inflation-rate of the POTUS has reached a value that is affecting the Hubble constant.
He claims he is more presidential then a more presidential president.

Of the Paralympic Games, Trump says they're amazing, then adds, "It's a little hard to watch too much."
You aware "Israel" murders children for sport? Ref @ChrisLynnHedges. Despite your claim; murdering children for sport is not one of my values.  Stop abetting murdering children for sport w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI Stop being a criminal. Why are you violating 22 U.S. Code § 2378d the Symington Amendment & international law for "Israel?" Stop abetting war crimes/crimes against humanity wi/my tax dollars. Please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”

How does it feel being a puppet to #oligarchs controlling you, the US, essentially stealing from US tax payers violating US/ international law abetting murder, Crimes Against Humanity with my tax dollars? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
How does it feel to be a nutjob?
Is it because you are a puppet to oligarchs is why you are a criminal for “Israel?” Are you aware a 2014 scientific study by Princeton shows the US is no democracy but an Oligarchy? Why else abet crimes? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI“Forget the politicians. politicians are put there to give you the idea you have freedom of choice. You don’t! You don’t have choice. You have owners. They own you!” George Carlin. Puppet Pence please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Why are you abetting crimes committed by organized crime/fascism and/or “zionism?” You a criminal violating US & international law for “Israel” because you are a puppet for fascists and/or the oligarchs? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI Why do we give more military aid to “Israel” than any other state? Considering you are violating US and international law W/aid to "Israel' are you stealing from US tax payers? Stop stealing from me; end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
What did Theadore Herzl (founded "zionism" = fascism/organized crime) mean when he wrote, "The antisemites will become our most dependable friends, antisemite countries our allies"? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is fascism; "zionism"/"Israel”
*The “Tweets” I message here using 1st Amendment asking you/US to stop violating US/international law for the Crime Against Humanity of "Israel" get forwarded to "senator" feinstein, "senator" harris, "congressperson" lowenthal @ACLU , @theCCR , @pal_legal, @USACBI @NLGnews @FBI
@FBI Stop abetting "Israel's" crimes w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel." “Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectful and give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind” ~ #GeorgeOrwell
Seems like the White House is having trouble getting qualified candidates lately? I'd like to help out! I'm a recent Harvard Extension school graduate (Dec '17). Additionally I have an MBA, BS in Economics, BA in Japanese, plus 20 years work experience in financial services!
Love this

The House Chaplain stood up for the poor — so Paul Ryan fired him 
AS CHRSTAN MAN Y TEOLD FR BEGIN TO GET INTATION BUT REALTY FOR POWER NOT GOD WILL Y DID NOT  Y BE NOT SECCES IDID BRING ALL THS MOVE EVEN TODAY BY Y SIDE UES ME IN THS PAGE GREAT CHRSTN NEVER DID THS IBRING Y PUNSHMENT @VP U BE PUNSH FOR WAT Y DID Y #GOING #DOWN @VP FO JUDGEMENT
Trump be like
Much respectable health and luck to them
Congrats!
Did you guys tell them when you knew Flynn was lying?
#Pharisee
We need to talk about Mike Pence.

I know we don't WANT to, but we must.…
FACTS:GNP + measly 2.3%.REAL wages up 4 cents/hour over the past year.Labor participation is the SAME as when Trump took office.MORE jobs created during Obama’s last 14 months vs Drumpf’s first.Corp income taxes DOWN 60% in March. $209 BILLION deficit in March. Don’t be conned!
Why aren’t you bragging about the great Trump economy today?  We Americans are on to you con-men!!
Gee whiz Mike! That's just great! And you found a way to take pictures without a single black person! Yay white Jesus!
You gotta start praying over the other head???  Think??  Trump is going down!
An honor he paid for an abortion after he raped his housekeeper???   Are you stupid??  Or paid the porn star or how about that #peetape ?  What about the Russian Spy meeting y’all met with at Trump Tower??  #TRUMPnPence4PRISON2020 #LockThemUp
I do not believe that Trump, a man who outwardly MOCKED a physically disabled reporter, stands with you. At least his rude actions spoke to us ALL about where he stands on this issue. Shame on him. He is desensitizing this nation. SHAME on him.
Except for trump who can't watch too much of the games... #ridiculous
Dipshits
Faggot's.
I'm very proud of you being my President
Shut up pence.
i will not go to my papa causing in your mom norma

The @WashingtonPost said, “Americans think their democracy is falling short.”  Do you agree or disagree with this statement?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/26/americans-think-their-democracy-is-falling-short/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.11201b3af1f2 …
Honoured to stand with POTUS?  Don’t stand under any trees in a thunder Storm!

Sorry, but I can’t enjoy this moment, knowing the POTUS rudely made fun of a disabled person.
Get the fuck over it. 
Let he whom is without sin cast the 1st stone.
Never tempt a #Witch that knows how to use @Google 
She will #conjure things that 
Won't was off  
Like who was the Governor of Indian that belonged to the Ku Klux Klan!?! 
#Witchesknow 
@Alyssa_Milano @taylorswift13 #ReligiousLiberty #TimesUp #NeverAgain  #LGBTQ #MeToo


#StayClassy
For shame none of the real USA team show up cause you and trump are racist haters
Lackey.
Idiot
Your POTUS is a crook
I love when someone compliments me on my intellect. I will forever cherish your well thought out and clever retort. See you in church 
Hell yea! Way to go Team USA!!! We love all of you!
Everyone except @POTUS ...it was difficult to watch? He watched as much as he could?
Pence is a lying Kremlin stooge. #russianpuppetregime
Talk about the number of winter Olympians that turned down the WH invitation because of POTUS and V. P. bigoted narrow-minded attitudes.

Thank YOU!  #teamusaproud
Of course Trump had to be disrespectful to Paralympic athletes!
Bullshit
@POTUS not so much.  He found them "hard to watch"
They cringe at your presence. Don’t kid yourself.

...and you can stand with Trump? You need to be impeached as well. It appears you have no morals , no intellect and no faith.
Indiana St ◯‍◯‍◯‍◯‍◯ ge
But few Olympic athletes are proud if our government, you included. Many refused to attend.
Wow impressive photo!
So glad that Trump did not mock any of the physically handicapped athletes, and did not use the word “retard”. We coached him for hours on this! 
"Hard to watch"?
MR  
Vice President Mi MY ??? FR Y MR BY Y HAVE ALL THS CONNETION AND TEAM Y HAVE MY ???? IS WAT Y ARE DOING IN MY PAGE MR WAY Y USE MY MOVE AND PAGE TO GET Y SIDE HEAD CHRISTAN MAN BY FIATH TO GOD HE DONT DO THS KNID OF UES OTHER AS Y SIDE TRY TO USE MY MOVE IN TH PAGE WAY
Praying for the administration as things come to pass with noko. God bless!
Mike why do you bring out all the Alt-left conspiracy theory wackos?
우리 대한민국 국민들은 "평창올림픽"에 오신 #팬스부대통령님"을 잊을수가 없습니다 [희망으로, 8년 ,8년 아메리카]를 간직합니다
6월13일 대한민국 지방선거가 있습니다 -많은 보수 유튜브방송조차도 ,오원춘=#문창극 -유튜브장악 [광고비 삭감] 하는 수법 때문에 정확하게 정당을 지지할 수가
I just want to say thank you Mr.Pence for being the other half of my Trumpets  Trump Pence.. get it? God , & I’m funny too. @JuanGaspard @KidRock @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @jillb111120181 

Sorry there Pence but if YOU stand with little trump YOU prove in no uncertain terms that YOU are a man who has no honor.
I see John Shuster! @Shoostie2010
You might want to remind all the women that @potus could possibly sneak into the locker room and view them in an inappropriate manner. Actually, you should warn all the young men and women. 
#Resist 
#Impeach45 
It wasn't too tough to watch them, was it?
#BBNaija
Remember when @realDonaldTrump mocked a handicapable reporter @VP? I do.
We are proud of each and everyone of you!
Classy group! Unlike the @warriors
You are just as big a moron as @realDonaldTrump for grinning when he made that stupid remark about watching paralympics. #WHMorons
Sorry they make him feel all icky and stuff?
Are you going to touch the gays?
Such fun to watch everyone having such a great time today
It was too tough for @POTUS to post this tweet. He tried but it was really tough.
They think you're a freak, Mike.
Just like the rest of us do.
Calla loca .. no sabes lo que hablas !!
He was a..... GAAY?
Yes but we are not proud of our president
You are the few
I am the many that is proud of America and President Trump
Even the gay ones? #PenceHomophobe

“It’s a little tough to watch too much,” said the President of the United States about the Paralympics. https://twitter.com/newshour/status/989967420314943490 …
As long as you own that problem the rest of us are all good.
Let he whom is without sin cast the 1st stone. 
Something tells me you won't be throwing the 1st stone, nor will any of the rest of us. 
Rest in your misery
Come out of the closet Mikey.
Amen  USA USA USA
It's amazing what paraympians can do. Too bad Trump couldn't stand watching it. What a pig.


True!
