I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit http://takebackday.dea.gov  to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day. 
The hand work of Buhari, on Monday you will have hand shake with the killer, who has give his terrorist brothers to expand Fulani Muslim colony in Nigeria. He is the army, bokoharam and Fulani herdsmen @realDonaldTrump
When a man decides to do something that can destroy a nation, it can sometimes come back to haunt him. The truth eventually comes out, and that man has to answer for what he tried to do. Sometimes the enemies are right next to you and you don't even know it. The worst cut of all!
Though i have had my doubts for months now, what has become a doubt is now becoming a reality. God will never put up with a traitor. When the very person that trusts you is the president. His heart has always been to make this country great and strong again. God will protect him!
I suggest we start by cleaning out your cabinet sir! Secretary of Agriculture, Commerce, Defense, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Homeland Security, Housing and Urban Development, Interior, Labor, State, Transportation, Treasury, and Veterans Affairs.
EPA
Thank you that’s a good one I overlooked.
End #BigPharma's Control Over Our Health.  

http://goo.gl/dz6qAP  #TakeBackDay #theresistance #LegalizeIt #LegalizeMarijuana #Millennials
I hear this guy has some excess opiods.
Catch up. Exonerated. Audit showed drugs were accounted for.
Trump could care less about this or anything else. He is to busy at the golf course. And being Putin's puppet
Let’s legalize marijuana
I can't participate in any program that YOU SUPPORT KNOWING IT PROBABLY BE GIVING UP MY RIGHTS AS A WOMAN?!?!?!
That's great and all, but 2 words...

Flint. Michigan.
This administration has Satan’s stamp of approval.
FIRST STEP: Control the dispensing of unnecessary prescriptions by AMA & healthcare providers would do far more to eliminate the amount of drugs available on the street. Turn off the faucet and you turn off the flow! Being Proactive does far more good than after the fact control
Don't Punish Chronic Pain Patients & Veterans We Are Not Drug Addicts We Are Sick & Suffering Due To # OPIOIDHYSTERIA Our Meds Are Taken Away Along With Our Quality Of Life  Drug OD'S From Illegal Heroin & Fentanyl CDC Guidelines Are Making Legitimate Chronic Pain Patients Suffer
This is the real truth.. we need to keep getting this out there for all of the innocent #patients who have lost their lives in excruciating #pain NO MORE LIES! We just lost a #painadvocate to #SuicideDue2Pain today, she was a great friend to a friend in need, a mom of a small boy
Can we take back @POTUS and @VP?

Asking for America
Ronny Jackson will hold them for you, don’t worry...

i would believe you if you truly handled this like a health issue other than criminal and were open to all options such as honest cannabis research.
Should start in the WH how about all the abuse of prescription drugs that go on there!!!!!
Resign
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
My dear friends husband has MS, his Dr sent this poor ravaged man a email saying, I'm forced to take your pain meds, muscle relaxers away on May 1. He has been on them 20 yrs, never abused them. Our Government like you DO are doing death camps in chronic Illness and pain.
Its happening to millions of pain patients including post op, cancer & even hospice patients.There isn't an Rx opioid issue. ODs are mainly from illicit fentanyl, heroin & polypharmacy. Everyone who is aware of this needs to start speaking out. MSM/govt refuse to tell the truth!
Yeah!! We’re gonna do whatever it takes! Like make a bunch of empty threats to drug manufacturers! That’ll show em! And if they keep it up we’ll tell them they’re on our naughty list!!
We need the military on the border with Mexico and better interdiction. We have to solve the supply problem along with the demand problem.! Thank you VP Pence!


JUST IN: The President of the United Schtaaates urges all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow, after going on a manic rant yesterday on @foxandfriends that suggested he was on either too much medicine, or…
It doesn't matters which party is in power in the US. Their PR and process might be different but they have the same goals and agendas and promote and stand for the same things.
What @VP and @POTUS need to understand is that american youth need the gospel of #Christ more than ever. That is how you save the youth. #RevivalinUs @ReinhardBonnke
Where is the protection for patients with chronic pain whose lives depend on opioid drugs? Where is your compassion for Americans with pain?
Sorry, I'm booked full for #kickbackday.
While we're at it let's start a fund a wall program if the American people have their choice this will be funded my private money almost overnight.
Or perhaps you can promote to legalization across the country of cannabis which you know in Genesis God created herbs
Resolution to the opiate addiction is to keep it locked up when you receive it from a doctor away from children and not only that the pushers who push him upon others of Youth that's why you have a problem people need him for pain should not have to suffer for others mistakes
Calling Dr. Jackson, calling Dr. Jackson-you are wanted
Does that include all the drugs in the White House pharmacy given upon request to whomever asks for them sans doctor’s prescription? Good place to start you hypocrite.
who cares total non issue
Legalize cannabis and save lives. #legalization #endtheprohibition
Just give them to #DrRonnie  He'll pass them out.
Why are you working to take healthcare and treatment from those with opioid addiction? Why do you criminalize cannabis? States with legalized cannabis show a dramatic drop in opioid ODs. I dislike you so much for trying to kill people. What's wrong with you?
Don't let old drugs get into the water and soil, dispose of them properly.
Has DocRonny emptied out his Happy Pockets?
We know the real Mike, time to accept the fact mike.
If a plate of vanilla ice cream could somehow tweet & be a bigot... it would be #VP
Just protect those families from person like Trump
Maybe, just maybe, y'all should stop taking money from the drug lobbyists first.  If you can't, you are part of the problem.
You should try #payitforward day. Empathize with at least one woman today.
American Public must question thier govt that why r they wasting tax pair's money in baseless afghan war ???
Turn in yours first.
American babies FIRST!
President Trump and VP Pence, speak up when American babies are slaughtered!
I long for your preception, revive me in your takes.
Legalize all the drugs. Close the prisons. Abolish the police.
Amen!
Please #GetGovOutOfDocOffice! #patients are dying everyday but we watching, we are long notes now. We are naming the Dr's who were bullied into dropping care of long term #PainManagement #patients. We are naming names of though who helped kill us.Guilty will pay #ShareOurPain
Doctors are adamant because of all the opiate addiction they're afraid to distribute any pain relief nobody should suffer because of that who actually needed for pain doctor shouldn't be afraid that they're going to lose their license
I want to know where the medication goes when it is taken back?  #TakeBackDay

Clean your house first.
http://armydocwhistleblower.blogspot.com/2010/08/department-of-defense-inspector-general.html?m=1 …




The amount of people taking resciption pain medications, as prescribed, and not abusing, shouldn’t be lumped in with heroin addicts, or fentynal abusers, and should not be punished unless there is proof of abuse! Pain is real! And debilitating
Make the #DEA #CDC & #fda tell All of America the truth! The truth that all of the cdc #s were lies, the Dr blame was a lie, the over writing of prescriptions lies! Tell the good Am. People the truth, opioids save lives, that 6 mill. Pep talked them daily under Dr's & live good
Why don't you think about protecting families from GUN VIOLENCE ???
Instead you are going to speak at a NRA convention ? 
You are NOT backing the 2A. 
You are backing GUNS along with your nice campaign donation from the NRA. 
You are as disgusting & shameful as  trump. 
#VoteBlue
Fix your administration or dont talk!
Yes amen
How come every room you go to is cleared of guns? I thought a roomful of good guys with guns was the safest place to be? I thought more guns was the answer? You are a hypocrite, a liar, and an incompetent spineless coward. Clean up your own cabinet traitor
South Korea and the U.S. to overseas or in the grace of the Lord want to with Amen
Translation: Pills, Trump and Kanye all happening now is a coincidence... I swear.
Your administration does little to nothing to really fight the opiate epidemic!
You have done nothing but talk. Do something

How back we take back our votes that put you and the liar in the White House you say a believer in Christ but you support a known liar and criminal in trump better hope you don’t meet Jesus but then I don’t think you will you reap what you sow

#impeach #resist
Puerto Rico and Flint, MI too!

Tell Ronny!!
Get all those that Ronny so freely gave out. Including the ones probably in your medicine cabinet.
Only thing we need protection from is the ilk of you and your sidekick!!!
Take back pence and trump
Can we " take back" the Pres election? This Pres sucks...
Can we take back your jobs?  That’s the only sort of #TakeBackDay I’m interested in.
Which drugs did you take back?
Felt good to clean out old prescriptions...
Take back the office day
#TakeBackDay
Take back our community from Zionist and Religious Zealotry.  @realDonaldTrump @thehill

I think Democrats are working on a take-back day in November.
Hoosier Stooge.
Take back our country from those who are putting PARTY OVER COUNTRY.
Take back? All you do is take.
We can start with the presidential cabinet, the Secretaries of EPA, Agriculture, Commerce, Defense, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Homeland Security, Housing and Urban Development, Interior, Labor, State, Transportation, Treasury, and Veterans Affairs

Bye bye Mike
I would love to have a part it the take back day! And the first thing I would love to take back is this country!
The perfect designe.
YES, let's do. Start with Ronny Jackson. Imvestigate.
Go look up Purdue Pharma. Then go look up the history of heroin abuse. We’ve known the consequences of heroin abuse for 1,000’s of years. Purdue Pharma put heroin in pill form and paid off the FDA and ppl like you were too stupid or corrupt to protect us. Thanks.
It's a good thing that Ronny is no longer up for heading the VA. This goes against his practices.
Boy, did i have a long hard week mike, i cant believe that i had that much opposition this term.
how much stock do you have in BIG PHARMA! Maybe start there!
Take back trump
Be more worried about a progressive revolution that’s taking place.
Where can we recycle the entire Trump administration? You belong in the garbage heap of history but we don't want to insult garbage and would prefer to recycle.
Were they brown, you would have suggested new laws to arrest these drug abusers....they have a choice not to use drugs, right?  It is on them.  Where is their personal responsibility?  Have you forgotten these old sayings you spewed about pot smokers?
45 acts like he is on COCAINE most of the time and we see you @VP, standing behind him, smiling your plastic little gaze, biding your time, casting your tie breaking votes, never letting on how much you'd like to kill 45 & start your new world order.  

Mother knows.

We know.
GO after the pharmaceutical companies and doctors that started this mess. You guys have a slogan for EVERYTHING.
Don't throw away your pills Donald, you really need them

Traitor!
I bet you masturbate to pictures of the last supper
REALLY??????
You REALLY needed to vet Dr. Jackson. It makes you look REALLY foolish when you do shit like this.
Taxpayers don't yet understand where the money goes.
Free cannabis etc. 
(As I know - #USA is a shithole and easy for propaganda....)

@PutinRF_Eng
Enter your information now for a chance to win.

https://www.cpagrip.com/show.php?l=0&u=151799&id=14768&tracking_id …
but where will @KellyannePolls get her "candy" from if the Candy Man leaves the WH?
Exactly vacate the WHITE HOUSE.
Great tweet from some random staffer
What about taking back guns like pills?  @NRA @NRATV #NRA #maga @GOP
Whatever it takes? I have a suggestion and I'm from those communities! Do you care or do I need somecbig following first?
@vp @SecondLady Good Afternoon! Thanks to you, @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @KellyannePolls and the @WhiteHouse team for your hard work fighting the #OpioidCrisis...Great Job & God Bless!  #TakeBackDay
Like for Chance and Kanye
We need a third party. That way we'll have two.
YOU WILL NEBER TAKE BACK MY GUNS
Trump is known as gorbellied white-livered rabbit-sucker
