Took your administration nearly a week to mention this.  Guess it didn’t fit the agenda.
Yes Jeff I said the same thing!! A whole week....smh
Christian VP Mike Pence. .....

What has POTUS had to say about it?
Drooling stare?????
Too little, too late!  As always with this administration.
Who is kllary?? You can’t even spell the insult name correctly??
She is lucky she can spell that much.
Indeed,  keep up the good work Mr. Vice President
What good work?
More Demonicrat sour grapes 
@AZMemeMerchant More GOP sour pusses!  Meow!
Glad you finally acknowledge a true hero.  Now mention this to your daddy.
Took you 1 second to praise Sheriff Joe, a convicted criminal. A whole week to praise a genuine hero. We see you.
And still no comment from Mikey Pence’s #loser “boss” the Criminal-and-Chief @realDonaldTrump
So you drew the short straw, huh?
Lmaooooo 
As an American I believe this man deserves the highest praise. Facing fears are hard and he still did it.
This hero put his life in danger to save himself &the patrons of the diner+set up a go fund me page for victims. The color of the hero has Trump &your Administration ignoring his sacrifice. Thank God American ppl know a real “hero”&don’t follow your racially biased administration
You are so right, Jeanine!!

Mr. Shaw is most certainly an American hero but on the other hand you are an American Disgrace along with your boss.
Bring this up at the NRA convention. That a good guy without a gun tackled the bad guy with a gun. Mention he was black too, I dare ya!
wonderful. Now hopefully Mr Trump will schedule a dinner and metal for this awesome young man <3 #AmericanHero
Guarantee this guy wants no part of this corrupt administration.

Are you just learning this????? Wanna let your boss know?
Fake Christian - saying you are honored to introduce Arpaio. Shame shame shame.
How about some props for this hero POTUS
Huh, better late than never. At least you spoke up, Vice President.
Who MADE you do this??  So late and not sincere!!!!
He straight up said he was trying to save his own ass we use the term hero way to loosely now
You are disgusting. 
No doubt his Blackness is a problem for you as had he been white, you would have been busy praising him.
Shameful.
My whiteness is why you said that. Why would his color make a difference? Not everything is about race and you trying to make something out of nothing says a lot about you.
No hon, the only problem is your inability to praise or ignore a man who got hit by a bullet while saving many lives. And it is definitely about race, the same as it is for your orange hero and his silence.
No hon. What makes him a good person is that he took his 15 minutes and did something amazing with it. Do you even know what that is? Btw I'm a libertarian, I didn't vote for Trump, but I do like VP Pence very much.
Where have you been?
He's been busy telling everyone what a great guy Sheriff Arpaio is.
Better late than ever huh , you know how stupid you sound ..this whole week you were traveling talking about your tax scam when real $hit is going on
What took ya so long there Mikey?  Oh that's right you're busy talking up criminals our in Arizona and such.
Too Late
He is. What are you? You continue to support the 2nd no matter how many are killed...
And the gun he took away from the gunman should not be legal to own. You should cancel your @NRA meeting in May. All they hawk is being able to carry their guns everywhere. But not during the meeting? I call bullshit.
Took you Fucking long enough time to acknowledge him. What about praising him for creating a go fund me page for the funerals and medical cost for victims and survivors. Where is YOUR contributions. And Jesus wept
I tend not to agree with you on most things Mr Pence, however I do appreciate this post, James Shaw Jr IS a hero!
Right... what about those that lost their lives no mention of them...not even “thoughts n prayers”
So Trump tweets rappers directly within hours but uses you to tweet US life saving hero’s days and days later?
WOW, really, saying something this late, you might as well just kept quiet because u just look foolish now 
Really..... today... ur just now tweeting this...?
Shaw is a hero, unlike the the unlawful ex-sheriff Arpaio.
He puts your despicable life to shame
Tragic shootingSS every day in the US ,what's different obout this one 
Sure, Russian Comrade, sure.

That's why Trumpy is mum.
What would really be heroic is a @VP and @POTUS that grew enough of a backbone to stand on their hind legs against the @NRA for common-sense #GunControl.
Puppet.
Perhaps you should mention this to your Daddy.
Dude. WTF took you so long.
I think he was trying to figure out a way to start acting presidencial.
The fine line of letting his far right base know he considered not commenting but then letting the moderates think he’s not actually a rascist so he’ll be able to get enough votes
So this is how long it takes to acknowledge a true hero. Duly noted.


Class act,respect!!
Over a week later.
Nice that you could fill in for the idiot who should have been at the forefront of this acknowledgment. Must be your wife told you someone should make the effort and it should be you!
At this point, just keep his name out of your mouth.
Yes, would love to scoot James Shaw in our Government right now. Someone with courage, heart, soul, and decency. Thank you James Shaw!
A week? Why did it take so long to thank this man?
What took you so long?
Better late than never
You finally say something. Yeah right we supposed to believe you care
Well that took waaaay too long. Your boss hasn’t said a damn thing.
We already knew that - too little too late
Said the real president of the United States (no joke).

My heart is with those murdered and their grieving families & friends
Akilah Dasilva
DeEbony Groves
Taurean C. Sanderlin
Joe R. Perez

God bless hero James Shaw Jr., too. Truth: had he been legally “carrying” - he would more than likely have been killed too, by police.
Mr Pence....I may have missed it, but did you denounce the #FakeChristian #MAGA shooter or did the president give his kudos to Mr. Shaw in any way?  You're not a Christian sir, you're a fake
So you had to do it....
But you are going to the nra convention
Thank you James Shaw Jr. you are a true American hero.......

@mike_pence  #FakeChristian #fakevp #Muellerisreal
Pence sent the next hour on his knees to the NRA begging for forgivness for saying this. The @NRA must block Pence from groveling at their meeting due to his attack on 2A. Loaded guns must be allowed at the meeting. If there are no guns Pence won't be safe.
Glad you could finally notice. 
What took you so long?
Only took a week. I wonder how long it will take for @realDonaldTrump to recognize his heroism.
Old news! This happened a week ago. Since then your @potus has lied as much as he breaths. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW You should RESIGN!
Too little too late and why didn’t our bigot white supremacy asshole potus step up to honoring this hero days ago???
Wow. It only took five days for you to notice and @realDonaldTrump still hasn’t because, you know, golf and Fox News.
Is Trump's pride and ego to great to come down off his racist high horse to tweet this himself .  God knows his runs his mouth about everything else #RacistTrump #fakepresident #MoronInChief #NotMyPresident #Narcissist #TheResistance
Have you been out of the loop again Mike?
Yea, you're a little late to the party, Mikey.
Shameful. 
Too little, too late @VP and your #ShitHole @realDonaldTrump
Took you long enough.

Expressing our country's gratitude with a Tweet?  No visit to the WH proferred? This way, you don't actually have to meet and touch a man of color.
Why are you guys such racist? Color has nothing to do with anything here. You just cant help yourself, you cant seem to pass up an opportunity to divide.
Your "president" is the great divider.  I call out what I observe. Many white heroes get invites to the WH.  Most heroes of color don't.  Simple observation.  The fact that you don't see it says something about you, not about me.
Wow! A whole week went by before you recognized this hero. I guess it would have been faster if he was white...
Wow....how long did that take?
His wife had to write it for him .
You're a few days late and few dollars short Mikey! WTF took so long?
FINALLY a comment from the adminstration about a shooting by a supposed white supremacist.
WHY DID IT TAKE SO LONG?
It the victims would have been white and the shooter non-white I am sure we would have heard something sooner.
SHAMEFUL
That is obvious and God forbid he gets more press than 45. He can't applaud that.
All conservatives on my twitter and FB were all saying he was an American Hero! Please do not make this a racial thing. He is a outstanding Human Being!! Heroes are colorblind we should learn to be the same! God Bless Him!!
He not woke...
And you are presenting a major speech to the NRA. Have you no moral and ethical standards?
If you are sincere about this then why are you speaking at the NRA??
And he did it WITHOUT A GUN.
After he's on national TV you noticed. In the meantime while you were off on your taxscam tour he not only raised money for the victims but paid for the funerals out of his own.
Are u cancelling ur appearance at the NRA convo? No, I didn't think so. #christianhypocrite
Good lord you're a pathetic little momma's boy.
Wow as VP you'd think you would've mentioned this a lot sooner than you did.....
Like you care. You goddamn empty suit.
Say his name at the NRA convention, James Shaw Jr. a real American hero!
But praising criminal Joe Arpaio was a bigger priority for you. Shame on you!

It took this administration 1 week to write this?
Yeah, it was a bummer. I guess you were offline for the past week? NBD...the country sort of just leads itself.
A little late to the party, aren't you?
What took so long? 

Hmmm. Any “thoughts and prayers” for the victims’ families? Or maybe a shout out to those still hospitalized? Is the NRA threatening y’all if you discuss this hero too much? Blink twice if so.
Go away and take your fake Christian potus with you.
About effing time...
Too little too late.
America's Best.. this is what leadership look like.. recognizing #JamesShawJr  #JamesShawJrIsAHero
I joined my Congressional colleagues from #Tennessee &the Congressional Black Caucus @OfficialCBC in a moment of silence honoring the victims of another mass shooting,this time at a #WaffleHouse in #Nashville, &…
Ever seen a grown man naked Mike?
Finally overwhelmed by the backlash of racist traitor trump not saying anything. Too late
About time you acknowledged this hero! @vp
Wow! Nice of you to notice!
Took a break from writing your NRA speech to post this?
You just heard about it??
It took you 4 days to even acknowledge this tragedy?? Ugh. Bless your heart. I mean that my very best sarcastic drawl just in case you think I actually mean it.
Let’s hope a policeman doesn’t shoot him.
prove them wrong, chief: drop the gun ban at your speech at the nra convention. you'll be safe. bring trump -- he is brave and will charge any active shooter.
Took you long enough! 4 days is too long. Your side kick is going on 11 days. When do you think James's Shaw Jr. Will hear from Trump? What was that you said? Never? I thought so. Oh wait, now the White House is talking about setting a meeting up with him? Still means nothing.
Was this an after thought due to your shameful honoring of Arpaio?
Shame on you for taking #WayTooLong praising James Shaw, Jr. 
Permanent shame on you for honoring Arpaio and lieing about his support for the rule of law. 
You might want to get out before potus drags you under.
Finally
Wow...sure took you long enough, although I’m pretty sure Mr. Shaw doesn’t care for adulation from someone who admires Joe A and who is going to make PRO-gun speeches to his NRA masters...and neither do we.  #FakeChristian
You waited two weeks to even recognize him.  And you're still speaking at the NRA convention, so zip it, buddy.
@mike_pence  Really? Been busy praising convicted Sheriff Joe we see.
Terrible VP. You and this @POTUS belong together, in hell. 
#TNVoter
People and legitimate news orgs throughout the country have been praising James Shaw, Jr. for a week, and apparently, you just woke up to this news?? Wonder why. Too busy heaping praise on the criminal Joe Arpaio, were you?
Lmao they finally say something. Racism takes all forms.
Dang, Mike, where you been? I mean, yes, he's a hero, but golly, it's like you don't have access to the media or something.
And just think, only days before you would have called him a thug and criminal.
Yes, James Shaw Jr. is a courageous hero. You, Pence, are a race baiting, religious zealot whom despises every non-white, non-Christian evangelical in America and beyond. Get the fuck out of my country.
I bet your wife made you do this.
TRANSLATION: "I better dislodge my head from #Trump's azz, and peep out long enough to FAKE tweet that I have some fucks to give about #JamesShawJr., or any of the #WaffleHouseShooting victims, damn near a week AFTER the #Tennessee massacre!" 
#MikePence
Are you kidding? Why do long to speak? Are you having him to White House ?
What took you so long? #Afterthought #Disingenuous
I see your boss can't bring himself to praise a black man nor acknowledge the killings of black people. What does that say about him?
Did you get word of this story by carrier pigeon? 
How much have you raised for the victims? James Shaw has raised $150k.
A bit late, no?
The fact this admin waited so long and it took the VP and not the @POTUS to finally give this young man his props sums up this Admin perfectly.
Tragic shooting in Tennessee earlier this week. Thanks James Shaw Jr. for your courageous actions to save lives and your continued efforts to help others. You’re an American HERO! http://ktla.com/2018/04/26/waffle-house-shooting-hero-james-shaw-jr-raises-more-than-150000-for-victims/ …
Give him a break guys, it's hard for him to do the right thing when he's busy hiding from his boss's BS and pretending to be innocent and unaware. It takes a lot of work to pretend to be worth while.
Its about f***ing time someone said something. Too bad the racist in chief couldn’t be bothered.
Thanks for playing Mike. Your words ring hollow because your comment is s week late. You and your boss are the worst. As long as you stand by his side I will consider you the same as Drumpf.

Pass that along to your boss @realDonaldTrump   He seems to only have praise for White folks & disdain for those of color.
Your complete disinterest in this tragic shooting is evident not only by the almost week long delay in acknowledging it but also the off the cuff use of “thanks” instead of thank you for this beautiful soul #JamesShawJrHero
Better late than never. Too bad your boss hasn’t said or tweeted anything. Trump is such a terrible bigot-silence is damning!
Day late, dollar short....
Too little
Too late
#FakeChristian
Ahem,..isn't there somebody else there who might want to say something also?
How in the world did this take you so long? How hard was this. Maybe tell your buddy POTUS to recognize this hero
About time. And POTUS couldn’t be bothered.
After how many days? I guess he doesn't worth mentioning or honored because he doesn't look like everyone in your administration?
Nice but how long did that take and where’s 45?
Days late. Many, many dollars short. Finally got shamed into saying something nice about a black man didya, Mikey. Musta damn near killed ya.
What took you so long?!!! And why nothing from Trump
Yeah sometime in the distant past that happened, Pence. Did you hear the civil war ended? Cool right?
Did you just wake up from a nap?
Too little too late 
Where is his presidential thank you? Why has Trump not publicly acknowledged Mr. Shaw and his bravery?
Took him long enough - pathetic!!!
Thank you VP Pence.
For what? For acknowledging something that happened five days ago? F*** him and the whole racist administration.
Way too little, way too late.
Pence playing president
He's practicing to take over when 45 quits.
Nice cleanup job for your boss.
Why can't your lover say that?
When will you stop arming criminals in the USA?
This is 3/5 of a congratulations.
Thank you, Mr. Vice President! He is truly a hero!
Horrible shooting. Grateful for Mr. Shaw,but very frustrated about what Saraland PD did to #ChikesiaClemons after your employee claimed she was drunk. 

Interesting that cops didn’t charge her with public intoxication or give her a breathalyzer. Isn’t it?
Black humanity is conditional—comply or else. 

Defer to racial privilege—or else.…
They are slinging a bogus story about her threatening to shoot up this racist establishment. What a joke, do they think customers would still be calmly eating if this was the case? Plus, show us the footage!! #BoycottWaffleHouse
You are a NRA stooge. Stop tweeting.
Please say something to your boss.   He shouldn’t have to be reminded to do the right thing.  Oh, wait . . .
Oh you decided to acknowledge a hero a week or so later , so does that mean you’ll be a week late to speak at the NRA convention ?
Yeah...you finally go to that but question for you, why Sheriff  Joeracist? Why would you say anything positive about a criminal? Why?
As you speak to the @NRA look down at the blood on your hands and consider your cowardly actions that will enable the taking of more lives. SHAME!
@VP you love NRA’s $$$ & are speaking at their convention.Stop w/the fake dialog pretending you care abt shooting http://victims.You  are all talk & no action.Why don’t you be courageous & let your NRA buddies into convention w/fire arms,they are all good ppl w/guns,right?
His name should not come from your traitorous mouth; you are not worthy
Too late, scum.
#TrumpPenceRussiaConspiracy is Real 
#VoteOutGOP an every member of their Stinking LockerRoom this Nov 2018 

#CleanUpWashington this Nov 2018 
#BlueWaveIsComing2018 Watch!!
I vow, I will not vote for any politician who takes money from the NRA. Not republicans. Not democrats. #NoNRAinPolitics #KickTheNRAoutOfTheWhitehouse
Racist!
This only took a week. Better than POTUS, but not too Christian-like.
So #TraitorTrump couldn’t be bothered & you’re still speaking at the #TerroristGroup @NRA CONVENTION? Yeah-this is legit.
GFY
How long did it take you to respond to this tragedy and the man who saved lives that day! You only move when it will benifits you politically! Pathetic!
Took you long enough, not genuine keep it.
Wait...it takes this long to be recognized and it's only from the measles Vice President? Sad.
Disingenuous. Look it up, Mike.
Yet you are speaking at NRA. If there is a god he doesn’t like you very much.
Mr Pence this is just a little late and just not enough.  Please cancel your NRA party- - -
Nope 
You are going to the NRA where they will promote a gun that looks like a cellphone 
You don't get to act like you care about POC.
If you really are concerned and appreciate the courage James Shaw Jr showed. How about at least allowing the “sensible gun regulations” to be allowed to the floor for debate and vote.
Who made you do it??  Not sincere
Yet not a word from #fakepresident.
Here is a good way to demonstrate sincerity
Way way the hell to late in this
Says one who just a day before congratulated a felon. Damn man, you're a shithead.
Better late than never?
Why is this coming so late and not from POTUS?
And you are at NRA convention this week supporting use of AR-15s. Hypocrite.
How about skipping your speech at the NRA and acting like a true Christian instead of a racist, homophobic, misogynistic who's been bought by the NRA and other special interest groups???#fakechristian
