Jesus is Lord
NO, Jesus is dead.
Oye vey, Michael
You like? 
Shalom
Yeah, "Peace" on you too.
I love our Christian POTUS, Quit a change from the Islamist and chief we had for 8 miserable years. Praise God Almighty  !   #MAGA #WWG1WGA #QAnon #PedoGate  #Pizzagate
Muslims pray too m8
Dear God of us all, please deliver us from Presidential chaos. Help Republicans and Democrats work together for the common good of all citizens. Restrain our rage and bless us with your peace. For you live and reign forever. Amen
@realDonaldTrump I pray if and when I choose to... we have separation of church and state so keep my nation out of it..and the only connection between you and prayer is my prayer that we survive you.
a wonder he did not burst into flames
For more than 60 years democratic party has used and abused the #black community, time for this historical misuse to end is now.
Same goes for the Latino community. Time to show these Democrats we can make better choices For the future of our children. We stand with President Trump!
“Insert blank space here”
We need more day for the  moral life than anything
Jeremiah 29:11
For I know the #thoughts that I think toward you, says the #Lord, #thoughts of #peace and not of evil, to give you a #future and a #hope.
#Jesus is our #Lord  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Yes. Thank you
A picture is worth a thousand words
Sometimes I pray with my eyes open and sometimes closed and sometimes both during the same moment of my prayer...My prayers are between my Savior and me and there is no right or wrong way to pray.
I pray everyday that he and @VP are out of office ASAP
He’ll easily get 4 more years after this term.
Right now his first term is looking pretty shaky.
BREAKING:

The Ninth Circuit court just ruled that Prayer is unconstitutional and voided Trump's proclamation.
Where does this judge get away with this?
I think it was meant as sarcasm, but I am sure the Left would love for it to be true! As a matter of fact a few happily replied.
Wait isn’t that kinda forcing religion on everyone?!?!??
Nope. Freedom OF religion. Not FROM religion. Just like National Donut Day doesn't force you to go to Krispie Kreme, or to eat donuts.
You better pray! For a lenient sentence when you are convicted for the many charges Meuller is going to lay on you. Witch hunt!!! They burn witches and warlocks like you
Fraud-O-God
You seem like a stable human being.
Trump is the right’s version of an intellectual and a ‘good Christian’. No wonder they have one news source and are against education.
I don’t know anyone who thinks he is an intellectual or good Christian. He has been a great president so far. In the context of this tweet, it’s good he is lifting up Christians instead of belittling them like his predecessor #MAGA
Care to share examples of how his predecessor belittled Christians?




Fools
. @WhiteHouse This is beyond funny! The morning after Guiliani should the beans, dumb ass declares something religious.

Aren't you embarrassed to be part of this administration?

#Amen
I pray that some day soon we get a real president and get rid of the fraud we have now.
Correction: LOVE Obama!
Pray also #biafra Christians @contraption called Nigeria although footprint of bloodshed payed #visit to #whitehouse this week #nigeria president #mbuhari
I pray daily that this administration will go down for the crimes they have committed. I pray that that turd in the oval pays for his lying cheating and bullying he does
Thank you President Trump  for participating in the "National Day of Prayer " at the White House. Romans 1:16 For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ. For it is the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes...... #Pray4Unity
It doesn't say Christian prayer
Thank you sir I will be praying for the Which Hunt to end !!
Me too.. With a plea of "guilty" from wormy Trump
My #Putin,who is in #Russia, scary be thy name. The White House is yours,your will be done, in the US as it is in Russia. Give me my peepee hookers, & forgive my debts, as I am broke. And lead me not into impeachment, but deliver me from #Mueller. AMEN #NationalDayOfPrayer #trump
Please give Mueller that proof you have. Oh!  That's right. Silly me. 
Be patient my child. Good things are worth waiting for .
Oh, um okie dokie.
He’s gonna need all our thoughts and prayers. I, for one, am praying for a speedy ride to prison!
God is no doubt having a good belly laugh with this one.
Trump is the devil in disguise.
Trump is the right’s version of an intellectual and a ‘good Christian’. No wonder they have one news source and are against education.
What a disgrace. How offensive to genuine people of faith.
Thank you and thank you for understanding.

The majority of Christians who realize what Trump is just stop tweeting.  It's frustrating.
Politics is such a dirty business. Practicing both is somewhat suspicious but certainly precarious. I understand Christian repugnance, but I can't sit mute and still respect myself. You?
I can't either.  I also can't side with liberals either, so it's extremely frustrating.
Good Christians blinded by this Wolf in wolve's clothing.. I thought Pence was the answer but after yesterday I'm not so sure any more.
I don't know Pence's God. We have never met.
Thank you President Trump.  God bless and keep you.
He's never genuinely prayed a day in his life.
How many lies are are you  willing to swallow ?.. how can anyone follow a morally and spiritually unfit leader?..
Lol  of course he did!
Just as every President has since 1952. The first Thursday of May. 
36 U.S.C. § 119
Hmm. Blantant violation of the Constitution. He'll probably get out of this too. People are focusing too much on his personal life and not enough on his actions. It's things like this we never see reported.
Freedom OF religion. Not FROM religion. He doesn't specify who or what to pray to, and is not creating any legislation or law regarding religion, or based upon religion.
It's actually been declared unconstitutional in the past, but a federal appeals court (presumably run by conservatives or religious people) voted against it.
Like @realDonaldTrump has ever sincerely prayed in his life. Come on, The man has no religion and no faith. He just appropriated it to get elected. How many actual times has he actually entered a church, except for his three weddings, in the last fifty years.
You are blind, sir.
How so? Because Obama attended Church his entire life, and Trump never has? He is not even a member of any church. Get real and face reality, for once., Facts matter.
Maybe I should have said 
‘comprehended’
Great  but we also need a National day of repentance. Especially with all the corruption being exposed on our government.
Yes we will pray today and every day that you resign
He has a lot of praying to do. Amen!!!

Amen, love our President !!
Thank you to President Trump to proclaims May 3 as a National Day of Prayer. On this National Day of Prayer, we join together to offer gratitude for our many blessing & to knowledge our need for divine wisdom, guidance, and protection.#NationalDayofPrayer
What happened to the separation of church and state?  Leave the CONSTITUTION alone.
Sacrilege talk by this jerkoff!
Dear Lord, please give this lying failure of a human being some furious hemorrhoids. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen.
Praying he'll be gone soon
I'm an atheist. What do I do? Separation of Church and State?? This declaration is exclusionary by definition.
Cool. A national day for speaking to an imaginary friend that doesn't talk back. Makes sense.
Does this mean I get a paid day off work so I can pray? That should be the first step in this new theocracy that no one wanted and that violates the constitution.

He needs prayer because deflecting has turned into reflecting on him. #WeThePeopleAreAwake  and demand justice. Saw my first AA president and now may see the first president jailed for the T word.
Amen Let the hand of the Living God Rest on the family of Donald Trump Mike Pence and the ones that are true to our president of the United States, and I pray that the wicked will be drawn out and brought to Justice the name of Jesus Christ King of Kings.
What an idiot.  Hope for Stormy weather. 
The irony that #shithole Dump calls for prayer on this day or any day for that matter.   His god is money and the constant need for attention. What a #sad sad joke.
We haven’t forgotten about you Pruitt, you vile paranoid hobgoblin
what about separation of church and state, motherfucker?
Right on
May 4th will then become National Day of Paying Off Hookers.
Pray to which God? For what reason? How do we know if it’s working ?
Prayer won't help you now! But a full confession might.
Lord knows you need to take advantage of every opportunity to pray for forgiveness from your God AND ATONE OF YOUR SINS!!
He’s prayin he and his minions won’t end up in jail
Awesome!  Lets pray for our country and government leaders
Would that be prayers in every religion, or just right wing, oppressive Christian religions?
So much for separation of church and state eh...
Sure! #RussianWhores
Trump has only violated man's law, not God's law. 
When a pious Christian gentleman ejaculates deep inside a porn star -- (while his wife is home caring for a newborn) -- and he cries out "Oh Jesus!" in orgasm, nothing in creation could be more Evangelical than that.
My prayer  u, is that u will put an end to this Muller investigation n fire all those who r not behind u n our country!! Please do give them the satisfaction of meeting with him!! God bless u n Melania!!
 Awesome! Thank you Mr President!
I pray that @realDonaldTrump answers for all his crimes, the worst of which is his betrayal of our nation’s security for his own personal gain. I pray that his destructive policies are reversed. I pray our nation can recover from corruption and division. I pray for impeachment.
Praying for twitter to crash.  Replace with the trump app.
Goes against our constitution.
Might be nice if our so called leader even went to church and maybe learn how to pray before he shoves this at people #noballs
he’ll need it!
Okay, but you ain't gonna like what I'm prayin' for.
Thank you Mr. #POTUS . #WeThePeople of the USA thank you, Almighty GOD, for our abundant blessings, prosperity, &  peace. We ask at this time to forgive us for not seeking You more, violating Your commandments, & winking at unlawlessness. Bring us closer to You. Amen.
Pray that you survive the investigation!! Hahaha!
Guess it’s about time he tried it, huh?
The world needs prayer! "God bless the United States and all nations." Amém! 
This headline makes it appear as though it was his idea to make May 3rd the National Day of Prayer. The National day of Prayer was created in 1952 as a joint resolution of Congress and signed into law by President Truman.
O mundo precisa de oração! "Deus abençoe o EUA e todas as nações."
Us it.
Loolololllooolloooooo!     The man is a charlatan who cheats his wife with porn stars, lies all the time and has no clue.
This is clutching at straws to get support from the selfish #ThoughtsAndPrayers crowd.
Oh how I pity you Usaians!
And what the hell does he know about prayer? Somebody please tell me.
Ahí está tu estado laico. Jajaja. En el hocico a la IG.
Amen!
As in "please pray for me, I'm going down?
This country needs it- Out with the atheists- the obamas, ans in with the believers. GO TRUMP
...and, boy, does he need it!
We this day of prayer today we gather to remember the 4 Americans killed at the Waffle House. Oh wait that's right you haven't acknowledged them.
Is there anyway that Our President Trump's executive orders can be made into law so no future Presidents can reverse them? Love President Trump & all he has done !
Imagine that coming from Trump , wow!
Tichi bar Isabel arredondo bernarda lara gracia narda Lara Carlos audelo Lopez Juan Alberto cenizo
Is he praying that he doesn’t get found out.
Happy Violation of Separation of Church and State Day!
What’s everyone getting their God today? I’m going Old Testament, a fatted calf!

heaven knows his image after all his extramarital affairs needs some prayer
We are all imperfect—Praying to ask for forgiveness and give your life to God—washes away our sins. Whether POTUS has or has not is between him and God. Stop judging!
I judge as I would want to be judged. There's NO WAY ON EARTH I would have run for President with the kind of skeletons Trump has in in his closet. And then for him to preach to us FAMILY VALUES at his SOTUS!! He symbolizes America's sick-immoral condition, which God will judge
No one needs prayers more than he!
You have to know what a prayer is first!!!
praying for ALL Americans. God bless America
Is this Real News? I don't know what's real anymore...
No. No. No. No !!!!  He said PAY HER.  Get it?  Shit for brains proclaimed it national Pay Her day. It’s a chance for all our sisters to make approx 130 grand for being quiet. All the other countries do it, especially in Russia. It’d be a STORMY day in hell if we didn’t. Rt Vlad?
God's blessings to you President Trump. My most fervent prayer is that the evidence of God's Hand upon your Administration be evidenced in the November elections. Truly the losers are backbiting and gnashing their teeth. Their day of Reckoning Is coming.
Pence, there isn’t enough prayer to salvage yr soul. U already sold it to Trump. When you demonize poor/needy Hispanic immigrants & praise a federally convicted racist Sheriff, you turned into evil #BigotPence #BorderWall #Prayer
The PRAYER is HOLYDAY-FOCUSED!
That’s the problem you only praying once a year !  Prayer is all day, every second , minute, hour of the day!
Prayer is yet another thing @realDonaldTrump has made a mockery of. Stop this fascade of faith.

Breaking News: President Trump reversed his position on a payment to the porn actress Stormy Daniels, confirming that he reimbursed his lawyer for it 
 https://nyti.ms/2Ky6iDl 
2 Chronicles 7:14
Thank you for bring it back. Keep up the great work President Trump
Thank you President Trump!
Amen. 
He’s such a hypocrite and so is the GOP.
Let's unite behind the @POTUS
Lol all these idiots on here praying god lets trump go free of his crimes. I love the Christian faith!
Ps 33:12 KJV  Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord; and the people whom he hath chosen for his own.
It is wonderful to have Almighty God back in the dialogue coming from the WH. Thank you POTUS for your example and thankfulness to God for the many blessing our country receives.
Uh, yeah, there you go again, taking credit for something you had nothing to do with. This is an ANNUAL commemoration. It’s even on my preprinted At-A-Glance calendar. I’m praying — that our nation will soon be relieved of YOU.
He needs prayers!

IMAGINE THE 
ARROGANCE

THEY CLAIM GOD SPEAKS TO THEM AND TELLS…
LMFAO!!!!! Biggest hypocrite ever!!!
National Days of Prayer are technically illegal under the Constitution but Drumpf clearly hasn’t read it so this makes complete sense
Yep. Bet he’s praying everyday he doesn’t get indicted.
“...make no law respecting an establishment of religion...” - First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States
Let’s all pray to the #ModernDayMaharaja Jinder Mahal 

TREASONOUS president!
AMEM TRUMP GOD 
Amen!! Divine intervention will overrule mans intervention every time!! President Trump is God’s boy whether you like it or not!
I don't pray. Lots of Americans don't. Your endorsement of religion, like those of previous administrations, is unconstitutional.
It is prayer for his ours theirs sins?
Only time @realDonaldTrump prays is when his Big Mac is ready and when paying off Mistresses.
Proclaimed? Another thing 45 is taking credit for that someone else did. I think 45 is praying everything he's really done doesn't get exposed.
The illegal law needs to be repealed
Oh gag me, from the serial wife cheater!

Praying is not going to help you now Donnie.
I will spend the day thinking on Article II, Section 4 of the US Constitution
A lot of people are saying Trump hasn’t got a prayer of avoiding conviction in cases being built by Mueller and Avenatti even if only in the court of public opinion!
I bet @POTUS is praying like fuck that Rudy shuts his mouth soon, he’ll be down on his knees saying “oh god” quicker than when he was being spanked by Stormy 
Donald better pray for mercy
I guess Trump thinks he can pray his way out of trouble! You gonna pay for your sins like everybody else!! Good luck!!!
Whatever happened to separation of church and state
Very Good
You people have no shame. #hypocrites
Don’t forget to repent otherwise prayers may go unanswered 
Oh We ARE Praying that they Impeach Trump QUICKLY and end the Disgrace.
YOU wouldn't know anything about disgrace.. unless you look in the mirror!
President Trump will not get away with exthortion.  Federal Law Offices can become weakened by President Trump's criminal activity when exthorted funds are given to The Federal Law Officers as well. We pray for a strong force to end exthortion & to indict those involved.
i pray for cure for liberalism
Liberalism is what founded this country. Today’s conservatism is what is wrecking it. Pray for something else.
Next year, can you let us know earlier?

Which God?
Still pretending to be Christians......
Best be praying  for his ass
Little known fact:

It's also of the Presidential day of Desperation.
He better pray.
He’s praying he doesn’t get impeached
Thank you and I pray that Election Day would be tomorrow
What a joke!
@FFRF can you do something about this?
We come here together today to pray that SpongeBob Mueller wakes up and recognizes that the Democrats are guilty of the collusion
All you have to do is say Trump I think the whole planet starts to pray
On this National Day of Prayer, we join together to offer gratitude .... divine wisdom? Is God retarded?
yes, and we are all praying this asshole's presidency is over soon!
#Trump speaking about religion and prayer is like #MartinLutherKing preaching violence, they just don't go together 
What a joke
