Good friendship.
All, because i have a destination here on earth that cant be avoided even though im going to try, and have a goal to complete for heaven. They put 0 effort into giving there lifes meanins, and. The only people that are at fault is there selfs-
And they think by droping there names on my site makes them a sucess, when all theyd have to realize is i dont care if they attack me im unwilling to fofill there wish's and give them a extended service plan. Since the right term i forgot Sir/.

Kanye West has broken free from the mental prison of the left. Liberals hate diversity of thought... They are enraged when a black man in America voices opinions that are contrary to the liberal narrative. Keep fighting #Kanye. Don’t let the left control you. #MAGA
Fighting climate change and the Iran agreement used to be a major part of our alliance. Your silly platitudes are getting tiresome.
I am so happy for Macron's speech. Makes me proud we dont live in France! God Bless America 
But is it as strong as the bonds between this Administration and Russia? That's what I'd like to know. Care to answer? BTW, how's the Candyman doing? He is purported to have a well-filled Dr.'s Bag. lol
Check out the pictures.  It's a miracle...Democrats can stand and applaud.

Selfy charm lost for the ideas tossed to .any good people cross harmed thinking that's charm
The Americans were overjoyed to hear an actual leader.  One who is forward thinking.  His speech helped us heal from the toxic and divisive words Trump spews.   He is our goal of having another leader soon like this.  Thank you to the President of France.  Wish he was ours.
Hey Pence, how do you feel now about Macron’s eloquent speech damning the last two years of your administration? 

I’m feeling pretty good.
You shouldn't.
Yes amen
Macron owned your whole corrupt administration today. 
SCREW MACRON. HE HAS DESTROYED FRANCE!
Didnt he hand you guys your ass on climate change?
The Dems didnt dress in all white this time??

What about the Paris accord?  And why was your boss so handsy with Macron?
So glad to see France as our foriegn friends. We definitely need good trade and safe travels.  Nice photos also.
Yes it has been way too long since we have had honesty. Merci @EmmanuelMacron we have been starving in the US under this crooked regime.
Then move
Go back to your compound Braden #bot.
I just saw this. You are funny
GREAT  Leaders of there own Country Ideas .Values coming to gather each other's Express to do the very best for all the Rest
Now, how ‘bout sending word 2 Congress that the American people r NOT globalists & instead of swooning over Macron, who IS a globalist, 2 keep it n perspective. ALSO (on the topic) we want WITHDRAWAL of the Iranian agreement!!
I must inquire as to why God's Prophet has yet to be given this opportunity?
The White Walker that would be President.....Trump better watch his back!
Where was POTUS? Ooooh I know he was playing golf

It's a reflective time, unilaterally.

Macron cleaned this corrupt, dysfunctional administration's clock with his speech.

Mr. Vice President I don’t want to be part of the New World Order. I voted for America First. #AmericaFirst 
Yes! Multilateralism not isolationism! Human rights not racism. Control of the abuses of globalization not trade wars.
Protection of the planet not negation of science. Respect of women's rights and civil rights not a president violating both...
The world would be Honored if you actually listened to him.
Someone ought to tell trump about freedom, independent branches of government, authoritarians have no place in US government!
Coming from you...  the guy who pushed for freedom fries ... you are so out of touch and antiquated in your views... climate change exists, the world matters and war mongering and corruption has no place in the world
Thank you VP for helping POTUS clear the American people of the evil within our government and the world. We the people appreciate you!
And France will lead the way on renewing the earth, reducing greenhouse gasses, taking a concerted effort in general...Oh BTW Ms. Devos should visit France and check out their school lunch program...food fit for a restaurant.

still honored? because he pretty much goes against everything you and asterisk 45 stand for. im thrilled he has the confidence and integrity to stand up and speak.

Until the next time Trump does something inappropriate or says something inappropriate
I enjoyed listening to him shit on his closeted gay friend, Donnie Douchenozzle.
It was nice hearing an intelligent well spoken leader addressing our elected representatives
Research into the @Vp's ancestry could turn up some interesting people!






VP PENCE! TRUE TO PRIOR INFO ON MACRON! CONGRESS SPEECH WAS AN EXPECTED DISAPPOINTMENT & AGAINST MAGA MOVEMENT! STAB IN BACK TO POTUS !!!
I would love to know what he really thinks of you people....
https://twitter.com/OLOV1571/status/989215313903407104 … ***SOS*** #AlfieEvans
.@realDonaldTrump We fought in WW2 to stop NAZI'S!!
SAVE #AlfieEvans from UK state-imposed MURDER!!!
YOU are his only hope! #prolife #catholic 
@FLOTUS @VP @WhiteHouse @KellyannePolls …
Glad to see you're not hurt about being left out of the social grooming experience.
Freedom fries?
Admit it Pence, you hate Macron. Because he eviscerated trumps policies.
you prepared to support Iran accord and environmental agreement, Mike?
Thanks to President Macron for being gracious in the face of an uncomfortable situation. Imagine a real, refined, qualified, articulate, classy and intelligent world leader having to spend three days with the odious, fetid, unfit, unworthy, disgraceful pig, @realDonaldTrump
French president is a hoax just like the climate change theory.
Freedom may exist in France but the Republican party specifically Trump & Ryan have done nothing but enslaved working Americans.
Are you going to tell your mate to listen and learn there is climate change
He schooled you.
@realDonaldTrump @Flotus @SecondLady  "It happens to the best, and THEN the rest." https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1902093303136555 …
...AND THERES GOES ANOTHER ONE, FOR THE RECORD 
(OF DEATHS)AT THE US-GAO (General Accounting Office) 
@Us General Accounting Office 
https://www.facebook.com/janicegscottposts1901953963150489 …
Put on your kabosh as like always Pence. Narrow minded!
A Pence for your thoughts,
I bet his speech went over your heads.... 
Vive Gay Paris! Le VP aim les bourgeoisie la cage aux folles et la bone vie! Ta Feutrê les miserable!
Help #alfieevans
Did you actually listen to what he said?

#StillIrrelevant
Can we once again call Freedom Fries, French Fries ?
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … please sign, we needs your Voice! The Time run faster and faster! We have 48K, we needs 100K! 
Done! Good Luck!
Mr VP, tell trump to keep the Iran deal. He should listen to Macron’s advices.
Macrone the globalist...No Thanks Mac!
No to climate change payments.
@Ruptly is LIVE outside the residence of the Russian Consulate General in Seattle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kA2gch74ww&app=desktop … …

He's a very handsome man, isn't he Mike?

Regretfully you don’t share democracy with respect to France. We’ve lost a lot of ground, thanks to you and the @GOP. How can you continue to dismantle the constitution, piece by piece? You are a fake and a fraud.

 
I especially liked how he threw your #GarbageRegime under the bus. Where it belongs.
We are honored and blessed to have a Vice President like you VP Pence! Thank you and God Bless the entire Pence family. 
He made some good points. America should be leading the world in both nuclear proliferation as well as environmental concerns. protecting the env, can be done in an economically sensitive way
Yes Affermative Right After Our Boders are Secured !
So sorry Mike it distresses me to tell you that Trump was definitely trumped. Macron has played him like a fine fiddle. Trump is chump change compared to this man who obviously has some pretty good knowledge of what this world needs. Trump does not

God bless DearPresident.  thanks I so proud of that you
THE TIES THAT BIND US. 

Liberté , Egalité , Fraternité.

Vive la France!

God Bless America! 

:

yadda, yadda, yadda...  sounds so Majestic, Mike... 100 days from now no one will remember he came to the US... let alone that he said anything... or that you even commented on his speech... yadda, yadda, yadda

?

He schooled you both on what a country's foreign policy should be like!
This GOP Campaign Speech has been brought to you by DJT & MRP = Political BS.
Put Pence and Trump together on an hourly wage of say $100 an hour each, for the hours they work for this Country, we could get by on about 25 buck as week for the both of them.
It's too bad that Trump and Pence and Ryan and the GOP didn't hear a word he said.
You are absolutely correct. Trump is a bull in a china shop you can't change his Direction he's going to just plow on through and destroy everything in his path. His administration is so corrupt that it is beyond comprehension.
You are political toast Mike. Trumps toxic waste .
Heya, Mikey... Talk to scientists... Bring back your dead relatives
Bring back murder victims
Bring back aborted fetus and stillborn babies
Bring back everyone except killers... You take a life... You forgot your chance at coming back
Forfeit
There is something suspicious about Sean Michael Chick... He is Judas
Jail him for fraud
I will testify on my behalf
I hope you listened carefully as the president deftly filleted Trumpism with a very sharp knife ....
a newold #obedient #vassal in the walls of the #Senate of #Rome!;-)))nothing has changed over the #millennia!)))how wise was #Montesquieu Charles Louis!)))
Just so you know, he also believes  in climate change, a woman’s right to choose and LGBTQ rights. He is a great guy!!!  I’d vote for him.

thanks president
I really hope you actually LISTENED to what he was saying!
Wow, Macron kicked the Russian in Chief's arse in his speech to Congress !
#45 is Mafia
#Trump is too smart to not understand that #Macron is doing the double game, he wants to use the president as a means of obtaining power in europe.
LOL, Trump is a Dotard, who sadly cannot even come across as a leader such as Macron, but if you ask him, he’ be happy to whine about Hillary, fake  news, or his delusional idea that his inauguration crowd was bigger than Obama’s
Breath of french air!
I like him but I don’t agree on the Paris Accord!!  They want us in so we can pay for it!!  None was paying what we was paying or as soon as we was paying!!!  I can see where they would want us in it!!!
God Above ALL.
Is that all you got from his amazing speech? SHAME ON BOTH OF YOU!
But but but.... I though you were in Peru????
You're going to Hell
Dream on penny.
And then his speech...
Fine, but screw the Iran and ALL Globalist Deals! Tell Americans what we're forking ovet $$$ & see the response.


Sorry but there's no ounce of sincerity here. You're a bigot.
You’re going to love prison. Don’t worry, they’ll love you, too! 
Good Above All.
President Macron, just Ate Your Lunch and left the crumbs for Donald.
Ahahaha 
And PENCE BROTHER ANOTHER CORRUPT CRIMINAL ANTI-CHRIST
Yes it is refreshing to listen to a real President with an IQ above that of a garden snail!!!!

Have you electro-shocked your genitals today?
Wow. Congress actually on session today. Shock.
Country over party! If not we all lose
Is that why u threatened France?
He ran, and won, against everything you stand for.

He told @POTUS off Mike
Except neither @realDonaldTrump of @VP are small enough to realize it! PERFECT!
Be careful; they have lots of the gays in France; do not share a Baguette with him;
Mike Pence to Trump " is that a baguette in your pants or are you happy to see me?



what does this post have to do with Trump at all?

He is a young man. He can handle it.

Vive la Cage aux Folles!
