Kim Jong Un is scared to death of @realDonaldTrump, Gen Mattis and our new Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo. The President is not only making America great again, he’s making the world great again. #MAGA
@samamerica1321, you’re just making yourself look stupid. Shut up, and go to bed. You irritate me and tens of millions of pissed off Patriots.
If he does irritate you, then block him but don’t ask him to shut up, because he does not irritate millions of true patrios who are willing to have a real government once again and not the circus trump have brought to the WH. FYI Many republicans can’t agree with what’s happening
Don’t think that you can ever tell me what to do or not do. That might work with your significant others, but I’ll say what I want, how I want, and when I want. BTW, the ONLY reason it appears there’s a circus in the White House is because of the MSM lying about it!
There you go again. You haven’t earned my respect; therefore, I’m not going to listen to you. Keep on harassing me, and I promise you, I will report you to @TwitterSupport. You’re the one who jumped into this conversation, uninvited. You leave.
As are you:)
You and your buds can go stand outside and wait for the Rapture. The rest of us will be doing whatever we can to assure you are VOTED OUT OF OFFICE if you aren't impeached or indicted before 2020. #MUELLER
After the rapture, you can have Hillary or Obama back. They likely will still be here with you. #LiberalismIsADisease #lunaticfringe #TDS
Hey Spencer...tell you what...you go first. G'night.
I plan on it!
How do you keep up the façade??? Day after day, you are a cheerleader for a despicable man, and the con men who he drags into this horrible Administration. You watch as they dismantle everything that makes America great, and pretend that all is well...
Everything that makes America great?  Aren't we getting just a little hysterical? Everything?  Come on!
If the truth and integrity of our elected officials are absent, our free press is negated, and our elections are manipulated by a foreign power, it just might be time for hysteria...
BHO lied.  Where was your hysteria then. And when free press lies, they deserve to be called out.
BELL who told you the press lies LYING TRUMP and we know what a classy man he is, after all he distinguished himself in the WAR. Never called women FILTHY NAMES. He talks a good game, think about it, just what has he done except talk.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/27/the-executive-time-of-his-life-trump-collects-media-praise-as-koreas-talk-peace/?noredirect=on&__twitter_impression=true …
Then F*ck off , no one cares what you have to say!



Not like he's broken the tie on a nomination or helped get the vote out in Congress for the tax reform bill. Not like he's helped Trump form and revise our foreign policy agenda. Oh wait he did all of that.
Bot!
Lmao is that all you got? I live in Charleston SC if you want to pay me a visit! I'm free anytime! Keep up the Trump Derangement Syndrome please it's very entertaining.
Buzz off, fuckin psychopath!!
My mental health is fine but I appreciate you trying to pre diagnose me. Sounds like you're the one who needs a psychiatrist.
What do you or anyone in that administration know about distinction? Or morals or truth?
Much more then you obv
Amen. We need changes here in GUATEMALA. The LORD bless you all.
Well, you better make sure not to go from Guatemala to Guatepeor like has happened to us here in the USA.
You are all trash.
Keep getting brainwashed by the socialist main stream media, see how far you get. I lived in and fought socialistic and communistic regime for 17 years and know first hand the hell they create for people
You can laugh all you want but you have no clue what you wish for supporting the socialist dems
lol k
Amen a can do man
Best POTUS and VP ever.
Buckle up
Yup just like you.A total disaster
"Congratulations" is a weird way to spell "Shame on Congress"!
71st, 72nd and 73rd coming in this term as well?
Just to be clear Mr. VP. You’ve said this about all appointees before they failed. You also mentioned great news on NK shutting down test sites when really they collapsed and not closed up. Yea, you’re believable.
Clown??
Congratulations a win for USA Thanks POTUS TRUMP FOR SELECTING A GREAT MAN Mike Pompeo
You gonna be on here talking shit bout him when trump fires him also?
Great America gets the right man for the hard work ahead!
I believe Mr Pompeo will serve all the people and my wish is the liberals would quit hating and wishing evil for just one day
Facing reality is not the same thing as wishing evil. I want this country to survive as much as you do. Pretending the Emperor is wearing clothes doesn’t make it true.
Congratulations!
Congratulations to Mike Pompeo !! Please do good for Our great President Trump !!
One more thing ,I could care less of what YOU think of me!! I'm sorry you have such a poor choice of words for Our President Trump. You don't know his heart !! God does the judging !! Don't forget that !!
Louise your such a wonderful soul GOD does do the judging. COLLUSION TRUMP has broken just about every COMMANDMENT our LORD died for.  He’s a woman hater, an adulterer, he has stolen, cheated, coveted the best the firing of the Chaplain without any explanation. Loves the KKK.
Frannie, God also forgives even murders . God has Our Country in his hands . It maybe through Our President Trump but God has this . I would hate to think where we may have been if that Crooked KillARY had been elected.  We all have our thoughts about this and I respect yours !!
GOD does not forgive murderers, the commandment says Thou shall not kill. Also thou shall not commit adultery.Also thou shall not steal. His last IRS he declared 5 bankruptcies to the tune of 3 BILLION dollars. GOD LOVES US. But even HE punished ADAM & EVE. TRUMP TO ARROGANT!
Let's waterboard the Cabinet to celebrate!
GREAT THING TO SAY PAUL WATERBOARDING CAN SEE YOUR PARENTS DID A GOOD JOB WITH YOU. YOU’VE GOT AS MUCH CLASS AS COLLUSION TRUMP, THE DEGENERATE. OF COURSE HE KNOWS ABOUT WATERBOARDING HE SERVED! NOT
You'll break your cap-lock key if you're not careful.
My caps bother you, you must lead a great life. That the only thing?
I do! And there is certainly more to it than your Twitter screaming.
God bless our new Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, may God give you wisdom and knowledge in making America Great Again....
Look: A self-described devout Christian fawning over the appointment of a #warmonger - something seems wrong with this picture.
Pompeo is almost as despicable as you. The damage this administration has caused in such a short time is unbelievable. God help us.
Congratulations Mike Pampeo

Funny, no one said that when Hillary was secretary of state, nor Obama. And all theybdid was kill, and remind us how bad we were and how racist and bad america. When they supported terrorism, or even ignore the call of help from our ambassador in Bangasi...
Our veterans are being forced off all opiates and told to do yoga.  This is evil.  One VET has chosen to fight for his and all our lives @RobertDRoseJr1 has a huge lawsuit and is begging you and the @POTUS to open your eyes you’ve been lied too #EqualRights4ChronicPain
Easy for people to be against things they know little about. People pushing to take away because a love one abuse meds extremely. So they need emeny and something to strike back at. Truth is they hurt and want someone else to hurt. Be seen on TV or speaker not caring.


You guys can sit together at the next #Koch picnic. Don’t forget to bring your own oxygen tanks.
Mike Pompeo, Trump’s nominee for Secretary of State, received more #Koch money than any other federal candidate in the 2016 election cycle, per http://OpenSecrets.org .  #UnKochOurCountry …
Congrats to Mike Pompeo! Good choice, now those with TDS are going crazy and we love it! #MAGA
He better be adept at living under a bus. Donthecon will throw him there shortly.
Good one
Flynn
Walsh
Comey
McFarland
Dubke
Spicer
Priebus
Scaramucci
Sifakis
Bannon
Gorka
Schiller
Price
Newman
Powell
Higbie
Fitzgerald
Porter
Brand
Sorensen
Cohn
McEntee
McCabe
Dearborn
McMaster
Shulkin
Hicks
Tillerson
Anton
Bossert
Schadlow
Waddell
Jackson*

#TheList
You have confirmed a man to be America's top diplomat who, as CIA Director, regular ordered murders around the globe and the violation of the sovereignty of scores of nations. That's fine for the CIA chief. But no foreign leader will trust him, nor should they.
Congratulation to Mr State Secretary MIKE POMPEO!!!
World need #PEACE. Make all efforts to USA NEVER Starting the WW3 Nuclear. 
There is a Prophecy: 
If Earth Autorities great Countries DO NOT MAKE WORLD WAR...the future Will Great.
What crap. Pompeo isn't qualified to be City Dog Catcher. He is an GOP ideologue & Trumpite, a Christofascist (like you) & has habitually demonstrated he doesn't understand or care for the principles of diplomacy. It's a sad day for America.
I would like to apologize in advance to the world for this guy's appointment. He'll be out of office soon.
CIA=ISIS......
Yep...also mossad..
Oh Mike, have you learned nothing about tweeting?  This tweet will not age well and will come back to bite you. You people are exhaunting. 
Yes, I agree with Vice President Pence’s comments & Congratulations to Mike Pompeo....
Maybe now this is over you can please help us save our businesses .. release#h2bvisas
I'm sure you will be able to congratulate the 71st and 72nd soon too.
Until he resigns and the next one comes along
So when Pompeo gets fired in about a year any idea who the 71st Secretary of State is going to be?
Think you said something great about Rex Tillerson too. Time will tell won't it? Do you ever get tired of sycophancy?
It’s the ‘First Time in Presidential History’ that a sitting president will have his Personal Attorney under cross examination, pleading the Fifth Amendment!

Winning?
A guy who lies about serving in our military is not good for America. I say send him to Afghanistan for 6 months.
Seems #fakeSOS for the #FakePresident
Another SWAMP-TRUMPPENCE-ET good luck with that. #2020swampdrained
Barf
Another Liar in the house!!

Donald Trump sounded like he was on meth this morning
So glad Mr Pompeo was confirmed! Keep up the good work of Making America Great Again!!!
We Agree , Mike Pompeo is the rite pick for Secretary Of State ☆ Excellent choice !!!
@ (and you know who you are!) the Trump / Pence team is making America and the world great again! Go team Trump!!
Outstanding
What’s the over/under? Six months?
Filling up the swamp!
Any bets as to how long he will keep this job?
Great finally
It's about damn time, now what abt the rest of the ppl sitting at the back of the que? Fyi the majority of the public find more fault with the gop sitting on their hands when it comes to confirmations than we do the dnc
The Best Choice Has Been Made! The Slander From the Left Has Gotten Out Of Control!
We Hope...Now Begin Filling All of Those Critical Positions Necessary so Our State Department can Function with Credibility
Disgusting!
Great, but go easy on Assange please!
But, for how long? Trump will inevitably fire him, too.
Do you stare at his crotch lovingly too?
Now can we PLEASE get the truth out there that the @CDCgov lied about an #opioidcrisis They have cause MANY good drs to loose their license and patients to #suicidedue2pain.  @CDCgov lied https://www.acsh.org/news/2018/03/19/cdc-quietly-admits-it-screwed-dishonestly-counting-pills-12717 … THEY
This has caused torture and #suicidedue2pain https://edsinfo.wordpress.com/2015/09/21/secretive-guidelines-for-opioid-prescribing-from-cdc/ … THIS HAS TO STOP NOW http://www.pharmaciststeve.com/?p=25290  THERE IS NO PRESCRIPTION OPIATE CRISIS YET DRS ARE LOOSING THEIR LICENSE AND PATIENTS ARE LOOSING THEIR LIFES AND THE CARTEL GOES FREE #shareourpain #painkills
Mr Vice President Sir, care to help raise some money for a forgotten FLOTUS’ birthday? 
look forward to the next 5 of this administration
Nope. #Pompeo is about to prove that even a “first in his #WestPoint class”, #HarvardLaw grad can flop at international diplomacy, and #StableGenius will be right there beside him. Better get another asterisk ready for the #DepState history of the disaster called the #TrumpYears.

Did you wife let you hug him?
CIA warhawk, torture king? You're toast and Jesus will waterboard you
Jesus loves! Unlike most of the cruel talking people (liberals) on here. God help u people.God bless Trump for the great job He’s doing for Americans.
 you're hilarious
Good! A merry herat forth good like a medicine. God bless.
Try auto-correct, and research that verse
Who do you have lined up to replace Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State?
that’s what you said about the last guy and everyone else that’s gone. just doesn’t seem to work out
Sweet!
Now let's negotiate a beneficial deal with this leader where he gives up the nukes. Can't be anything but that.
Wishing Sec. Pompeo @StateDept the best of luck! Also to you sir @VP and #POTUS and a special thank you from #Israel! Look forward to seeing you all at the opening of the new @usembassyta in Jerusalem!
Pence another idiot #Moron2, clueless shadow of a President, that is out of the incompetent Presidential loop, so that he can stay as clean as a dirtbag can be, for political reasons, but still a ZERO. THE SMILING shit eating face of his brand of Christianity, whatever that is?
Gross mikey...
Yay
You will never be elected president!
Yay for America!  He’s going to be great!
Racist and homophobe like you.
I can’t see how you can say that
Open your .
Christian My ASS, Mr. Pence!
Also brewing the million dollar payoff to a playboy playmate via Cohen was allegedly an abortion from Trump..
Wow.. that would chaff Pence’s hide if the abortion rumor is true.
My prayer is that Sec. Pompeii remembers those who put their lives and future on the line for this country, and not forget we should always seek peace and diplomacy before military options. I pray for peace in place of conflict. God’s wisdom for all in leadership! #God #diplomacy
How are you going to congratulate a known liar he lied about his service to the United States military this is not a man we can trust with the security of the United States of America for diplomacy you guys endorse swamp creatures
Will Mother approve of him as your cell mate?
#GodBlessAmerica
Thank goodness. Best Sec of State in decades
How could you know this yet?
He already met with Kim Jong Un and he is Pro America. Unlike the last few who Sold Out America
How did Obama sell out? I’m interested and sincere. Just give me one example.
Lol were you asleep during obama 8 year Crime Spree??
Hey VP ( Virtual Pendejo) you will be wearing Orange at Leavenworth's Correction Facility for treason if We don't Hang you according to Our Constitution and Our Laws. Treason Against the United States maximum penalty is Death. So Hang Tide
I wonder how long it will be before he gets fired!
congratulations  Mike Pompeo,you will be working for a great Leader, one that is proud of America
just like you nuts,voted him out of office last time,
Who cares honestly all you guys are the same frfr
For all you people that keep saying it’s going to be a disaster and President Trump is dumb and don’t know what he’s doing well from what I see he’s doing things that have never happen north and South Korea talking at this point we are not laughing with you we are laughing at you
We are supplier of best Skincare products.for more information about our products,be free to visit our http://websiteprestigefillers.com 
Woopie!
Congratulations to the new Secretary of State Mr. Mike Pompeo.
the   great  american  people  is  right  elector  for   good  state  secretary.
And that will be:
Find peaceful solutions to all international disputes; end all overseas wars, bring the troops home, and focus/build America.
Excellent!
Congratulations , Thankfully all is Fantastic Our President Donald Trump~~ True Soldier indeed
Such a great day for America!
Finally
70 is a Great Number!
I hope he is the right person for the job
Stay tuned 71st coming soon!!
Another class act on board
Pompeo is an outstanding choice. Despite those that are afraid of their own shadows
Serve with distinction like the other members of this swampy administration? No thank you.
Another SAD day for the American people  GOD what has our wonderful country fallen to?!
Congratulations Secretary of State Mike Pompeo! I knew you were destined for this position. Your record is impeccable, and you will serve our Country well. #MAGA. #Trump2020.
CORRUPT!!
And the 3rd in the last 15 months lol
This will not end well.
Disgusting Choice for Secretary of State. But then he’ll fit right in with your corrupt lying administration.
How long will this one last???
BOOM
DIRTY CROOKS! Of course you and Trump like him, anyone that has morals or ethics don’t make the cut. You roll with criminals but hey don’t worry it’s all catching up with you now, one indictment at a time
Another dark day for America.
This Is Historic Mr VP we will now have Honest Wisdom, Leadership! Peace Through StrenthThe Trump/Pence Agenda will B Triumph In the World! God Bless the USA let’s get 2 work and get Admiral Ron Jackson approvedVeterans Deserve this LeaderNavyVet

Sounds good, but he’s always given me an uneasy feeling.
Let’s see how long he lasts.
Pence another one of Donald's losers. He said he would "get the best people " what a joke he is. How many of "his" people have quit or Fired ? How many are under investigation or been charged with crimes ? How many have  abused position by spending stupidity
Anyone taking bets on how long it takes for him to resign or be fired?
Of course you would what a joke
Mike is Good Man,I Love His Christian Values, Peace and Blessings to Him .
Not sure how you align your claimed Christian faith to the placement of him into this position. But I guess you claim you're a Christian when it suits you.
You have horrible instincts about people, tbh
Congratulations, America, on nominating a man who's breathlessly awaiting The Rapture to be the planet's most important diplomat. I'm sure he's can't wait to usher in the goddamned apocalypse real soon!
Now get the shills to confirm all the other candidates and judges. This is the worst congress ever!
Finally! A disgrace that it took so long because the Democrats are being obstructionists. We’re paying them this has to stop
He’ll serve until he disagrees with trump about something then he’ll be out too. Rachael can probably add him to her “c’ya” wall now.


Just Another UNQUALIFIED Swamp Dweller with Massive Ethical Problems!
You are a part of the problem. We see you and your dangerous policies
The supporters of a rapist and lying bag of vomit. Pence used  campaign funds to pay off his mortgage . So lying about the gulf war is nothing. It's the congress christian way
We.Are. All. Going. To. Die
another end time religious zealot zionist filling a role in government isn't cause for celebration, but mourning.  your priorities are effed up.

Pompeo is another Trump loyalist who will only enable his worst instinct and you know it.

Just as you know that you lied when you said Flynn never told anyone about being under investigation.

Trump is going down hard.

You too.

K?
MAGA baby!!!!
Mike Pompeo: 57-42
Rex Tillerson: 56-43
John Kerry: 94-3
Hillary Clinton: 94-2
Condoleezza Rice: 85-13
Colin Powell: Unanimous
Madeline Albright: Unanimous
Warren Christopher: Voice vote

SoS is not a position that should be filled without near unanimous consent.
He'll be gone in 6 months!
70th SoS of this administration, hope your tenure lasts at least a Scaramucci.
The 'President' continues without any coherent 'national security work' or policy. Pompeo was appointed due to his sycophancy...not to initiate or make progress.

Thank You, Jesus for saving our country!!
Either you live in a Christian bubble of fantasy or you are an bubbling petulance on the ass of the Earth.
I’m just glad the State Dept and the CIA are on the same page again. Sends a pretty strong message to our enemies, you can either work with us, or we can work on you. 
The worst alligator has been turned loose in the swamp. Heaven help us all.

Kakistocracy.
 You should #resign in shame. You’re not fit to lead a dog.


God, (not VPs God) help us all!
You have been too quiet recently sir...nice to hear from you. #MAGA

Happy birthday @FLOTUS
Bill Cosby found guilty. We are coming for you.  Out with the old, in with the new.  #metoo
Who helped the son get his mom a gift?  Not Trump daddy for sure!  
Let the wars being!
He won't last long, they never do...
But I heard he is gay.
@facebookdesign @TwitterMoments "Clothes MAKE the man, or wo-man" 
-Chas. S. Green, Sr, American Father
(Born: February 6, 1922 - Now deceased and resting in peace...in heaven)
 https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1903262936352925 …
@realDonaldTrump @BillCosby"EVERYBODY PLAYS THE FOOL...SOMETIME." @BETNews? @BET@TheHilltopHU@mrdannyglover and @BettyMWhite#MelGibsonhttps://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1903273199685232 … Hear: The main Ingredient sing on @SoulTrain w/Don Cornelious, Show-host via @YouTube @TheRealDaytime.
Hooray. Take that you RINOS and obstructionists.  #IStandWithTrump, #MikePompeo #MAGA
Name calling. That’s the Christian spirit!
What? For calling a rose a rose?
Congratulations you exceeded filling up the swamp more than what the Democrats had
Do you still exist anywhere near Washington DC you're so caught up unfollowing this damn food as a present I think you have lost sight of your way also you would never make president of the United States under a damn fool like him Donald Trump shame on you Pence for letting go on
Looks like these congrats of confirmations are written in a form letter, just change the name and succession number.  Who will be #71 and when?
Another excellent choice, Congratulations to Mike Pompeo, and God Bless President Trump and his Administration, we are blessed, Thank you !
Neo nazis. Pence is disgusting , & appears to b in love with trump. What is trump & pence doing when no one is watching?
How long
Now, can we get everyone else confirmed.
