My $5.00 extra a month is going to the DNC!
Well you can't fix STUPID. #MAGA #DeplorablePatriots!  God Bless the USA, @POTUS & @FLOTUS and God Bless @VP and his family.
Unfortunately you cannot fix the willfully ignorant either. God gives us all a brain and expects us to use it....some refuse to use it because he didn’t tell them in person.
37,000 ppl out of 6.667 million who reside in the state. That is less than 1% of the population of the state. 
Absolutely pitiful.
Define “raise” and “bonus.” Compare those in dollars and cents to the corporate cash grab you’re funding. #GOPTaxScam
I'll tweet a picture of my nickel if I can find it.
13 dollars on average. Meanwhile corporations $$$$ Billions!
Dear @VP,
America has a population of 325.7 million. You're bragging about 1.7% of the population getting a tax cut? Not quite a #MAGA moment there, is it?

#FunFact More people follow you on Twitter than received a tax cut from the #TrumpTaxScam.
Factual sources with details on this claim please.

You’re pathetic
Excuse me, ever so many THOUSANDS of middle class employees have also LOST THEIR JOBS since the tax "reform" went into effect & worse, corporate buybacks & dividend erasures are dropping our retirement investments like rocks. 
So who are you trying to sell here?
Tell the American ppl the tax cuts you and your donors are getting , Permanently! And how  you’re going to make up for the $1.5 trillion deficit you gave us by cutting SS and Medicare. That YOU call Entitlements when it is an ins policy we PAY 4 called FICA!
I want to know how much u @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @MickMulvaneyOMB @SenateMajLdr and other @HouseGOP @SenateGOP are getting back compared to the piddly amount most working families are @irishheart1960 @mmpadellan @seanhannity @FoxNews @CNN @BBCWorld @Reuters @MotherJones @TheAtlantic
I’d like an answer to
but how about that deficit!?
I'd love to see the data backing up this outrageous claim that 5.5 million people have received pay raises or bonuses DUE TO TAX CUTS. I got a raise this year because I worked my ass off. Screw Trumps Tax Cuts for his buddies.
They're also receiving increases in food prices, rent, health ins., car ins. gas prices and god knows what else is coming down the road. Enjoy your new found wealth, courtesy of the @GOP hypocrites. @VP
You and potus keep saying things as if they’re true.  If you think by repeating it, it’ll become true, guess again.
Because of #GOPTaxScam aka #TrumpTaxScam millions of Americans will see deductions disappear while corporations continue to pay less. #hypocrite
Roughly translated: 
A little under 2%

Side note. That’s about 2% higher than he amount of wall Mexico is funding.
Where do you get your number from? Y'all say alot, all the time, and never offer facts to verify.
Have you told them that its gonna go away in 7 years? LIAR CHEAT THIEF
Interesting perspective. Are you going to tell them that the tax cut is an advance against next year's taxes that they have to repay?
According to the @uscensusbureau there are approximately 2.4 million Hoosiers working.  So your boast is that your tax plan gave 1.5% of them a raise?  What about the other 98.5%?  You admit they got nothing????
But what did they sell for that money. Their health care? A quality education for their kids? Social security?  Nothing’s free.
MR PENCE  since your so proud of COLLUSION TRUMPS TAX CUT. As A FELLOW AMERICAN DO U MIND TELLING ME HOW MUCH OF A TAX CUT YOU RECEIVED?
You can keep the measly $9/check if you quit running up the deficit...
Both my husband and I are unable to make work related deductions (we’ve always been allowed to make) under this new tax plan. Please stop lying to Americans about how this tax plan is good for working people!!
In case you couldn't tell, I hate this hypocritical, "christian" bigot.
My brother earns $17 hourly & can't support himself without the Obama overtime regulation that forced unethical employers to pay their workers. Trump ended this regulation. My brother also can't use his employee "PRIVATE" healthcare due to an outrageous high deductible. #MAGA!
PLEASE just shut up already!! NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Their CONSTANT plugging & cheer-leading should tell you how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this SCAM truly is. HERE is the TRUTH! This SCAM will KILL the Middle Class!
This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 
And 4 banks got more than $3 billion.  One of those banks fraudulently created *millions* of fake accounts, lied about it and has suffered minimal consequences.  That same bank was complicit in the banking collapse in 2007.  

#TaxScamBill
5.5 Million out of 126 Million Full Time working Americans. 

4.4% of Full Time working Americans have received pay increases or bonuses. That doesn’t sound like a win.
That’s only 1.5% of Hoosiers. 
Well, this is a fabrication. Please post finding of this so that the American people can see the results for themselves. We await your reply. Thanks. America.
Drug test your boss and you might be the boss.
And what are you planning on cutting to pay for the huge deficit this caused? I got 12 extra dollars s month and my insurance went up 50
Probably my Social Security and Medicare.
Interesting that a company that is headquartered out of India is in the background, or should I say telling.
WOW! That’s... an incredibly small amount of Americans
Loving your country, especially if it’s the greatest country to ever exist, is not racist. 
Traitor.
Why do those people look so incredibly sad?
Uh--wrong! This is who the #TaxScamBill is really helping:
Oh and you hate black people (you forgot that in your speech)
It's pathetic we live in one of the richest countries and the majority of the population lives in poverty or just above the poverty level. I wish every citizen would file exempt on taxes, until the govt gets off their ass and work for the American people.
That's bullsh*t
And the corporations and CEO's? 

Would you be so kind to strut those numbers around.
We crunched the numbers and our taxes will increase by $4,500 next year because of the GOP tax plan. I am a TV editor and my wife is a pediatrics intensive care nurse. 1 child. I'd say, "Thanks for nothing," but it's worse than nothing.
But we do not talk about his fake school that ripped a lot of people off and the fact he possibly raped a young girl. The irony. Fuck you and fat ass Donnie boy. Oh yeah the billionaire keeping himself in power really cares about the poor. Please you are a fucking loser.
Trump2020
Haters coming!!!
Since Indiana has a population of 6,666,818 that's .05%. Any intelligent person world see that as no enough to make any claim of relevance. Evil pence lying for Jesus? Or lying for trump?
( notice the 666 coincidence? )

Make sure the Hoosiers know that each man, woman and child now owes an extra 2000-4000 for the increase in their share of the National Debt for the Trump/Pence tax cut.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT. 
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you. Do you understand?
Republicans have gone to court to LOWER wages in some states that raised them & now they want to punish striking teachers with jail time.
Teachers who walk out of class could also face up to $500 a day in fines.
Vast majority were a bonus, which doesn't help the next month when it's gone.
We the Poles needs your Voice! Be active and HelpSign a https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …  #PetycjaSmolenskaDoTrumpa
That's not much in percentage terms
How’s the deficit looking?
Oh yeah and $16 BILLION not Million for Corporate Share Buy Backs.

Sorry Mikey lost my #MAGA hat and FACTS are getting thru.
#PenceIsCorruptAF #PenceLies #AlternativeFacts
And none of them will ever see their social security.
Please tell us how you plan to pay for this deficit busting tax scam?

You do know that you are lying?  #MoneyOverMorals #TaxScam
liar
False, because of the cash give away for the 1% we are deeper in dept and corporations are buying back stock and giving huge bonuses to only the top executives
LIAR

#PenceKnew
I thought there was hundreds of millions tax payers.
What about everyone else? I got no bonus no raise, but goods and services are going up. What about me?
“ I have no numbers to back this up but whatever it sounds nice.... so as I was saying ....
$1.50 pero check isn't much of a raise
Out of the millions of working Americans that is a very small percentage of people that have received a pay raise, even smaller when you calculate that one time bonus. #GOPTaxScam
Potus and I are now Billionaires ! Thanks Red Necks ! You love  your Coffee and Donut  ! No Health Care. !  We love you to.... I have swamp land in Alabama ... next to Roy Moore ! 
Ummm, no. Maybe I'm in the wrong state
Gas prices are starting to kill us

Lying
Where is my tax cut?
I don't hear you talking to the crowd about the MASSIVE budget cuts coming that were needed to give this tax cut to the Top 1% and big corporations... budget cuts to infrastructure, social security, healthcare, education, medicare and more... #TaxScam #1%Wins
Also tell too everyone how much the total savings all those jobs creating! The dobblereffect!
Not seeing it, Mike.
Better save it for next year you going to need it
Worst Vice President ever
And who exactly are you trying to fool?
Resign hypocrite
Bloviated bovine feculence -- rich get big bucks the rest not so much and 1 trillion in debt/year. Stop the lies.
Let's see hard numbers - one time bonuses look like ants on the back of a dinosaur compared to the permanent tax cuts for millionaires, and billionaires.  Those who received raises - were they meaningful raises?
Ask how many of them spent the whole thing on a @Costco membership!

#onebuckfifty
#PrivateJetDeduction
#GOPTaxScam
A pay raise that gives 80% of the benefits to people like you and Trump NOT working class Americans.
lie. like. dog

If the tax cuts were as beneficial to the “average” American, you & the rest of @GOP wouldn’t have to waste your time & taxpayer money trying to convince everyone how good it is.
I think that's fantastic news ! We appreciate what this administration has done with reducing regulations and of course the massive tax cuts . I look forward to the next seven years for sure
So, 1.68% of Americans?
Resign
What in the blue hell is a Hoosier? 
(Brit here)
A resident of Indiana
Ahh I see. Thank you for explaining.
The tax cut u and Trump have passed is a lie it make the rich richer and raises taxes on small businesses and those that live from paycheck to paycheck
Oh goodie! Thanks for the pennies...hope your one-percenter pals enjoy the billions they’re stealing from the rest of the country.
.02% is the math to that number you advertise.. next time show the percentage so people can see through the lies
Bull!
Right, a one-shot bone thrown to a few workers, to fool them into liking the tax scam, while about 90% of the tax breaks went to the richest 1%, and those cuts are permanent.
Good, cause we’re the ones that will have to pay for the wall!
My daughter in law got $11.25 more in each paycheck. How many millions did you get?
No facts, just lies as usual
You can spin it any way you want pence, but the only ones cashing in  and stealing from the rest of us are you and your 1%ers
Lies!
Spread the word 

Puerto Rico opens bid for statehood, enlists 5.6 million islanders in US
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/washington-secrets/puerto-rico-opens-bid-for-statehood-enlists-56-million-islanders-in-us …

Acosta a man who sells his people of color to the highest bidder
One, that is about 1% of Americans...as we know. Two, I think the VP is obligated to back up statement with facts. Show us the facts.
How can you lie and go to church! The lord is watching you!
Maybe you not us! People that got raises have unions!
Like a dog with a bone.

And lost their jobs when their employers moved overseas or closed the business
Right. You get a tax cut but no ones going to pave your roads or pick up your garbage. sounds about right for Republican "logic"
OMG, stop insulting the intelligence of the American people! Although, your current position and that of your boss, does seem to indicate a temporary mental state of insanity by the American people back in 2016
Yes, a report just came out about how much of a raise the upper management received and the actual workers got next to nothing.  That is not what "we the people" were promised.  Once again, FAKE NEWS
Dude, you just fired a Priest. I thought you were a God-fearing man!? Isn’t that why you’re so intent on controlling women’s vaginas? Cause God told you to? Did she also tell you it’s ok to fire her (truly) chosen representatives? #smh #hypocrite
My bonus was $33 and no pay raise. No one that I know has received a pay raise due to the tax cuts.
That's it 5.5 million??? 5.5 million out of over 140 million...#CMonSon #ToyVP
a bonus is not shit a pay raise is for a longer period of time. @BarackObama  on his tax cut gave all Americans a one time bonus plus job growth
And how many of those Hoosiers got Pink Slips with those bonuses or lost there jobs like the folks from Carrier?
Not only did you screw the people of Indiana by giving their tax dollars away for job retention only to have Carrier take the money and run to Mexico. No Trust in you!
yea ask this lie next year when the tax will start to increase on us
Who’s paying for this TAX SCAM??
37000?  You literally gave a raise to the 1%.
Lies damn lies and statistics. The question is how many raises the would not have happen if no tax cut.
Your political career will be over in less than 4 years
The President knows what he is doing. Let's unite as Republicans and Democrats above all as American and support the President. President Trump will make it work.

So the standard of living has increased considerably for the average American? Or so slightly that no real change is noticeable?
Unless you are retired and SS is still taxed as income even though it is your money.
Where is mine? 
How much of those 'pay raises' are actually bonuses to CEOs. We all know they have been jacking up their own finances. This leaves very little to 'trickle down'.
VP Pence must get his numbers from the same Honey Bucket Lying Trump does.
Just stop, you know it’s a pittance!

Lies
What about the many millions who didnt
The truth...
Lies, Puppet Pence. 

Money going to Foreign investors.
I didn't! What about senior citizens????
Thanks Trump administration 
#GOPTaxScam
Because of the tax cuts the individual debt from the national debt increase far outweighs the pittance taxpayers received.
So full of shit. I just had to close my business due to the supposed tax cuts. These cuts only benefit the big corps and decimate is small mom and pop businesses. Thanks to you and the orange baboon 26 people in my small town are out of work and R hard pressed for money.
BS Mikey!
Keep spreading those lies.
Only 295,000,000 to go.
Treason Traitor Russia
Lies puppet Anti LGBTQ
37,000 Hoosier = all the Hoosier’s that make more than $300,000 per year. If these tax cuts were for the poor his figure would be much higher. Thx for doing nothing for people that need it 

Actually where does the missing money in the budget now come from?
Because the tax cuts your grandchild will be broke
Laughable but not in a funny way.
What's that, Mike????
You personally saved $5.5 million
on your taxes because of the
 #TrumpTaxScam cuts?!?!?!
Damn, son! You made bank
Bullshit mikey
Lies
That $1.50....yeah right. And btw, there are hundreds of millions of Americans. That 5.5 you mention..those are the rich. How about that $18 BILLION you morons just gave the rich again yesterday? Only applied to those making $1 million or more. None of your base will benefit.
I used to have respect for you that’s long gone now!
Enjoy the praise while it lasts. When the real effects of the tax cuts finally hit home, you will have to fabricate an excuse for why they didn't do as promised.
Why aren’t we hearing from the Trump supporters? Crickets
Congratulations you are now officially the Vice Liar of the United States!
That's a lie!! Where is my bonus!!! 
increase !!
Stop lying...its getting old.
A nickel an hour  to hard working Americans for every $1000.00 for the top 1%.
Stop you’re bull crap Mike. More and more people are wakening up to you charade.@nytimes, @HardballChris
Indiana pop 6,699,629 
No. of pop receiving raise your no.s 37,000 
Percent of pop receiving raise 0.00552269 

US pop 325.7 million 
No.  of pop receiving raise your no.s 5.5 million 
Percent of pop receiving raise 0.01681671

6 Wall St banks net 3.6 Billion Q1 2018 

CRUMBS!
Couple hundred bucks “bonus” and no raise. CEOs getting millions in bonuses. #Bullshit #TaxBreaksForMillionaires
And 320 million Americans will see the economy crashed overtime by an unfunded tax cut given the corporations. In return, they get a one-time bonus without raises. Remember in November.
Not part of that huge windfall. Y’all are delusional
All I got from trump is a good laugh when I found out he's a cross dresser. Other than that zero.
Wow!

That's 1% of the population.
Stormy needs a raise can you help her get one?

98% got nothing

What? $200.00 tax bonus for 99% & $10-million cuts for billionaires & deep tax cuts for corporations; Pence, your mommy-wife should wash your mouth with soap for talking shit
Keep being awesome!
25 cents is neither a bonus not a raise, creep!
Bullshit!!!!!!
Because of Trumps tax cuts, farmers are now closing their gates for the last time and laying off employees. $1 trillion in debt and a new recession on its way. Great stuff, this is whats left for your grandchildren pence.
szopatas a gyalogsagnak megint.vicehàzmester mind ilyen..
No we haven't.
Where’d your documentation on that?? Let’s see the proof! Because I’d be willing to bet you just made that up!
Trillion dollar deficit
Welfare for the Wealthy is what the
TAX SCAM IS
Hmmmm. No matter what you say, the middle class are not in fact seeing any benefit. That reality will drive votes in November
