Its SO cool to have a great friend like France and Mr. Macron! Our friendship with France is timeless.i watched much of president Trump and Mr. Macron together and they complimented each others positions on all aspects.
Well done Mr. President!
Beautiful 
As you!
When do you think you will jump out of the burning building?
Typical liberal

!!!!!

What the hell does the HUD Secretary have to do with foreign relations? Oh! They probably needed a big beautiful expensive table to use for meetings!
One of the greatest goals of that cooperation is to appease evils in some countries like Syria . That's great and I strongly opt for that

Mike Pence is cut from the same cloth as Paul Ryan.

He's a destructive force who's willing to ignore the facts to impose a fundamentalist ideology on his constituents regardless of the human…
Con người của sự thành công
You both look amazing!!! Love Karen's dress!!
Both of you look so sophisticated and elegant! Karen, your gown is beautiful...and so are you. Both you and Melania deserve to be on The covers of magazines.
Naked

"Is she weren't my daughter perhaps I would be d̶a̶t̶i̶n̶g̶ raping her"
What we. Start we finish
You all are the best....

As most know, my daughter was killed in the Parkland school shooting. Please sign the petition and ask VP Pence to become part of the solution for gun safety.
https://petitions.moveon.org/sign/demand-mike-pence-not?source=s.fb&r_hash=isx2YIO8 …
Mrs. Pence looks lovely! Elegant dress.
#RedNationRising #tcot #pjnet #ccot #BackTheBlue
  #Husbands #Wives #Children #Men #Women #Constitution #Family
hello:) I'm a lifelong Indiana resident and I'm so happy to be an American yes I am.I do have a question tho about the address today why did he speak so often of world order and why were so many clapping so loudly for those statements?I watched on Facebook and I was sadly amazed.
World order is been formed... Scripture brother, scripture...
What a great picture
Great job President Trump!!  Thank you
Vice President Pence May I tell you how beautiful Second Lady Karen looked at the state dinner? Making America Proud Again! 
Mr.@VP Appreciate your work to MAGA. God bless you.
What is so bad about our country??? Please explain what has to be mad greater? We have freedom, freedom of speech and a lot of other great things. What makes you believe Trump can make anything better? Other than changing his wig or skin color.
Beautiful picture @VP and Karen
The iranian people have trusted you. If you do not cancel the barjam traitor to the nation.
@ManuelSillas12 tichi bar Isabel arredondo
Yeah, everyone saw spanky embarrassing the poor man, picking dandruff off of him and kissing all over him like a chimp cleaning it's young.
#WWG1WGA #QAnon #QAnons #QAnonPatriots #Qanon8chan
  #WeThePeople #Patriots #Deplorables #Covfefe #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
  #AmericaFirst #USA #auspol #NZ #Canada #England #Germany 
  #Military #USAF/#Navy #Oathkeepers #Veterans #Army #Marines
  #1A #2A #NRA #Conservatives
Macron spoke like a true leader in his address to Congress today. That is what leadership looks like!
What an honor, it would be nice sometime with some regular folks were invited to these dinners.
I'd like some french toast please!
@VP @POTUS @FLOTUS
Beautiful
They look so nice!
We are lucky and honored to have you as VP!!! 

Nice photo of you & Mrs Pence. Love your dress @SecondLady, you look gorgeous!
Great looking couple

Great VP and Second Lady! Mrs. Pence looks stunning!
. What an honour to be part of the Trump Presidency.
You are a joke Mike
America is a global disgrace with this current administration!

Did you miss The #JohnBirchSociety Art Thompson's #Poland article? Poland's Plight: http://ow.ly/8lPQ30jErsw  
Looking joyful
could you resign so @kanyewest can take your job
Karen looks lovely!
Thank you, President and VP!
nice to see a real statesman in action our country misses having one

You guy's are doing a fantastic job! 
Yes let's be happy and get to work. Stop all this crying as who won. We're all winners now please let's face the facts. Drive by media. Give a good word and maybe your earrings along with ratings will stop falling .And I could watch night shows and not turning them off. Thanks.
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，臺灣，高雄市。

One of your friends agree..
#SwampMonster ball!
No Global government. No #NWO You want to rule the world you will have to get through us. Macron get it?
Interesting you are in charge of our space program but could barely bring yourself to applaud Marvin's reference to science.
I would rather Trump was able to show an ability to have friendship with the Americans first like he made claims to starting with less bad mouthing of the Democratic lawmakers. The obstruction being done is by Trump himself on many levels.
Pretty!
@SecondLady looked better then the First Lady and @IvankaTrump and the second lady rents her dresses, smart women @IvankaTrump paid $12,000 for her ugly dress
Sir; you and Mrs. Pence are elegant in the attached photo. Vive la difference!

A Federal judge has ordered the Trump Administration to continue signing people up for DACA. Do you believe the judge made the right choice? Vote and retweet. #MAGA #DACA #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst #Resist #Resistance
Does he know what a liar you are?
God is watching you.
Please sir don't be taken in by this man's globalist speech or his views on climate change! Everyone wants to come here because we are great & we don't buy into those things that have ruined their countries! 
#Trump2020 
#TRiUMPh
#NoGlobalism
#USA
Gee too bad that you only included the republicans. Sets a bad example and precedence. There are at least 2 parties in the US. You seem to think white republican men only for these shin digs. Why no State function for Theresa May or Angela Merkl-bc they are women?? Shameful!
Whatever, #troll 

Guess you heard what a real president sounds like. Coherent, intelligent, and speaking in his non-primary language. Much more articulate than Trump.
I can’t believe people are mocking her menu selection! So ridiculous!  Really shows their own lack of class and their stupidity
To bad the French hate them...
And later you will fund raise with the terrorist organization the NRA. An organization demonizes people who stop shooters without killing them. Bravo you sociopath. You claim to be pro life but ever policy you support kills people.
Trump's supporters like the gentleman pictured were delighted too. President Macron, please don't think that the fetid, odious pig you and your wife have had to suffer the last two days represents the real America. He will be gone soon. Until then, sincere apologies.
Mr. Pence.  With due respect I want to share how refreshing it was to watch you and your wife at the state dinner. Karen Pence is not only beautiful but dress conservatively and with so much class in this artificial world.
And your wife is frumpy
PRISON SOON TRAITORS! #MuellerIsComingForYou
So much for those Freedom Fries, huh? 
L'honorable président français et sa femme ... très adorables, et les truands Trump aka stinky cheeto et Pence alias The Indiana Stooge.

Mes excuses aux Français pour avoir dû supporter Trump & Stooge.
#youregayandhiding #liveyourtruth
Mike ,,,we HOOSIERS are so happy your brother is running im INDIANA. Another wanntabee @GOP  person up to the HOG TROUGH. Seems he's a business guy like @realDonaldTrump ,,,bankruptcies,,owing millions that was lost in deals. U R greasing the way for another loser
Deplorable dude, the door is open come out of the closet!
You aren’t fit to be in the same room with @EmmanuelMacron you are a misogynist a liar and trying to gut the Constitution by inserting your religious beliefs
You’re a licensed counselor?  Not very good at your job, are you Kathy.
It’s always MAGA!!
Baaaaa
Macron is a good speaker but if he thinks Iran  would not bomb his country he is delusional. The terrorist don’t care  who they hurt .
Maybe you could hold his hand for awhile. It’s pretty clear she doesn’t want to.
For you to speak at the NRA function in May shows that you are nothing but a special interests shill. I had hoped you were one of the good guys, who could draw the line between what is ethical & what is politically advantageous. Such a bummer that I was wrong.
Beautiful couple.
Too bad you excluded the Democratic leadership from the dinner. Sad!
God bless you @VP!! Praying for you, POTUS and your families daily! 
Where's the celebration for James Shaw Jr for saving lives in the Tennessee Waffle House??!?
He was a hero for sure, but seriously. Totally unrelated.
trump is an embarrassment
The French are smarter than you. They know the truth...



Karen looks beautiful, so graceful! Proud to have her as our Second Lady!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE don’t embarrass USA today
Mikie, you're starting to sound like you are on facebook, having to report every thing you do, which by the way isn't much.  Face it you are really kind of insignificant other than being a bobble head for Trump.
Real Americans are interested in what they are doing. Just don't follow. Bahaha how stupid you must be
No my name's is Jimmy. And yea that's what I'm saying.
OMG a grown man and you still go by Jimmy?  Well Jimmy, I won't say you are not American, as you accused me of not being, and I do have my birth certificate to prove it, but I will say you are just a lost lamb following the herd to a cliff.  Betting Jimmy you are a NRA member!
Wow how stupid are you? That is my name. My name is Jimmy. Not going to change it cause you don't like it. Bahaha. And yea I'm an NRA member now. Just joined. You one of these Bahaha
Ahhhh Jimmy, you like those sheep huh?  Not a whole lot of sense having a battle of wits with some unarmed despite your NRA.  But might want to look in the mirror to see who is really the sheep.  You do seem to have the sheep cry down perfectly though.  Lot's of practice huh?
Ok you are boring me now. Go away
Wasn’t he the candidate that @realDonaldTrump didn’t support?
Anytime somebody catches Fatty's Eye - Macron, McCarthy, Scalise, etc - #FirstLadyMikePence just goes insane with jealousy.

Don't worry, Mike.   He always says he loves you...but he says that to everybody.

#MAGA
Find out if Shoe Carnival has a Crocs return policy...she may be stuck with the dress unless the Junior Class Moms prom consignment shop has a half price trade in. You always look like the debonair douche from Columbus, so good for Dell Brothers.
Gay pride
I bet you wish Spanky was affectionate towards you as he is to Macron huh? Is it case of unrequited love with you and DJT
Some are asking why Dems weren't invited. Maybe, if most of them would stop trying to get the president impeached, they would've been.
They will stop trying to impeach when he steals Doc Browns DeLorean and goes back in time to stop himself from committing treason, lying to the FBI, raping and assaulting women, and just being an embarrassment to the United States. It's gonna be a long ride. Buckle up.
Lol. You're entitled to your opinion that you think he's an embarrassment but the other stuff is #hogwash
Saving this tweet for the #guilty verdict and resignation and/or impeachment.
Okay. That will never happen. Hope you can somehow learn to count your blessings in life & be thankful for living in America!
yes, THE FRENCH have universal Healthcare.WHILE YOUR TEAM takes Healthcare Away from the people. not a jesusy thing to do. SAD. why don't you resign
You and Mrs. Pence looked lovely last night!  She looked absolutely stunning!  Sooo happy to see class, pomp and circumstance return to Washington.  Thank you and @realDonaldTrump for bringing us back from the Brink and making us proud again!  #MAGA #KAG
Why were Democrats not invited? We are all part of the US. Shame on you all for trying to divide us but we are stronger than that. We aren't going away.
France is a slave to America's,because Americans will never trust the French.

Iran deal is bad.  Get out of it. @POTUS @VP don’t fall for that fanboy act!  Macron just wants the kickbacks and not to die for failing.
As usual, Dotus acted like an ill bred moron, and buffoon...
Congress? I thought Congress was not invented. Only Republicans. Did this change? Or are you lying again....smh

You do realize that even France is laughing at us, don’t you?
They both look great
Your wife looks lovely!
Beautiful family.  Love the Trumps.
CO
Great couple very classy
Very handsome Mike 
Watch out for President Makron's excessive fondness.
He thinks he cracked President Trump's mental code.
What is important is to keep Israel safe, strong and protected.
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @jdgreenblatt45 @nikkihaley @dannydanon

You do understand that most French are like most people and think of @POTUS as Mussolini lite and of you as the even more disturbing weirdo that wants to send LGBTQ people to sexual Re-education camps
Just beautiful! Mr president, we and thousands of others truly wish you could get a strong ag. Jmo MAGA

kinda funny but, as usual, totally inappropriate in this thread...
Stay home...
Hard to believe there are sooo many porn queen lovers in this Country...
Yeah makes you sick too?
YOU make me sick... you creepers never care that women and children might be seeing your chit!  Didn't your mama teach you ANY respect or manners?  Obviously not...
...now tell us how you really feel!
Didn't know she has a name. I thought it was Mother. 
@VP we truly appreciate the fact you are a solid Christian man! What a blessing it is to know we have you in the White House along with @POTUS We're praying for you all and your families for God's hand of protection.
There is no god.. merely a myth to explain why crops failed and to keep the pathetic dolts frightened and in line
Pence.  Save your breath and keep your head low.  Wait for Trump to self destruct which he is doing.  You will POTUS when Trump leaves.
I think Mrs Pence has the sweetest smile.  She seems kind and decent.   I like her

Hey Mike: that tuxedo doesn’t fit you at all. Go to a tailor, you’re the Vice President of the United States.
Reeer! 
You better do
Sir please see my art work
Looking handsome and Karen looks beautiful. Love her dress.
I bet you were jealous of Comrade Trump and his new friend!  They were adorable!

Ok already. U don't have to keep reminding us that you're a good suckup!!!!

You don't know what Trump supporters believe. Bahaha
Yes, I do. I watch about 20 to 40 minutes of Fox and Friends every weekday to keep up with what Trump supporters believe; it’s all one needs to do.

It’s sad you can’t understand how god damn dangerous this fucking second-rate game-show host is for our great nation, blainless.
Well that's stupid
A well versed bot. Joy.


This has been going on in Washington for years, why have you not complained in the past?


You're a creepy robot dude


Karen & I were honored to join @POTUS & @FLOTUS yesterday to celebrate America’s friendship w/ France & the French President @EmmanuelMacron & Mrs Brigitte Macron. Looking forward to being at the Capitol for President Macron’s joint address to Congress later this morning 


Thoughts and prayers for Dr. Ronnie Jackson.




Resign hypocrite

"The friendship between our two nations—and ourselves, I might add—is unbreakable,” President Trump said alongside French President Macron in Paris. With this week’s State Visit, that friendship grows deeper.
