#TeamUSA caps off a week of festivities with a visit to the @WhiteHouse!

 http://go.teamusa.org/2HBr57c  





I thought this was a wonderful beautiful moment not only for the athletes but our country
They all didn’t show up ,so don’t be so grateful you guys are embarrassment to the United States of America
Wait, was our delegation really that devoid of color? Seems like there's a pattern to all of these group shots y'all post...
Hear you are speaking at the NRA convention. Are you totally tone deaf? #parkland Guns aren’t allowed there while you speak. Hypocrites much?
The athletes you embarrassed with your HOMOPHOBIC speech weren’t there were they.
A great job to Team USA Olympic athletes for representing America

You neglected to mention the TRUE Americans who refused to attend this farce of an event. You gaze upon Trump as if you want to drop to your knees. You repulse me.
Winning Olympians Say They Won’t Visit White House For Fear Trump Might Steal Gold
60 Team USA Olympians choose not to attend White House reception | Daily Mail Online
Good for them. It seems that these fine younger people are going to make a difference in this country. All these old white men, McConnell at the top of the list the absolute worst. Obstruction is his name. Supreme Court, no Mueller vote. Piss poor leadership.



I guess most of the people who post here were never taught that if you don’t have something nice to say then STFU

Is that your atavar?  Awesome!
Mike pence is a traitor too are County and he's a Moron
Well, almost all of them.


Hey, Mike, why did some athletes decide not to attend? You think it was due to admin divisiveness, incompetence or corruption?


a szar uzsorasfasiszta zsidokomuves szemetet azusa sakkbantartoit kell kipusztitani nem futkos uszikálni bukfencezni külföldön erre arra .a gazdatest ti vagytok amerikaiak,nyirjátok ki az osszes uzsoras a pioca hordajukkal




The @WashingtonPost said, “Americans think their democracy is falling short.”  Do you agree or disagree with this statement?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/26/americans-think-their-democracy-is-falling-short/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.11201b3af1f2 …
Those who fight in the name of Jesus are the greatest Olympians.
That was awesome!
You can do these photo ops, it wont help you!
Big mouth show boat, just like you.
Heard that a lot of the members of Team USA were no shows!
Were they proud that only 1% of the workers in WI and IN benefitted from your tax scam? #liar #PenceNorXtian #yousuck
Digging deep to get us to forget what hapened on FOX yesterday?  You're sneaky, but we have YOUR NUMBER you old EVILgelical.  (EVILgelicals are liars, fake christians, preying on the poorest - that fits you to a T.)
"The greatness of America is affirmed through its success in the sporting arena"
Hey @VP, it is so much better if you just come out of that closet.  The pent-up rage will dissipate & the world won’t suffer from how you act out of sexual frustration.
That's great. But when is he going to acknowledge the Waffle house murders and the hero that saved many lives?
Except the all of those who stood united for the  community. The policies of discrimination and judges appointed by this administration.
Yeh! Too bad the ENTIRE Team USA wasn't there! At least some of them had enough self respect & respect for their country NOT to want to be anywhere NEAR your so called "president"..  How embarrassing for this administration!
While #TeamUSA wants nothing to do with him... or you.

Been stalled by SSA for 3 years in November 2016 a SSA Dr said was disabled and still SSA won't pay. Please contact me
Have you electro-shocked your genitals today?
Awesome!!
TRAITOR!
That was a congratulations? 

Read the transcript...
Ok you can all put your hoods on now
 
``` Each man
Where are Adam Rippon, and Gus Kenworthy?  No Lindsey Vonn?

The biggest stars of the last Olympics reject trumpism.  They are true American Patriots and heroes.

#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #GOPComplicit
You sir, on the other hand were an absolute embarrassment. You sat there ignoring the North Korean delegation like they were your secret gay lover that had just showed up to your wife's birthday party.
Lots of whiteness there.
So?  White is fabulous, successful, and brilliant. Be sure to come back and mouth off about how "dark" the summer Olympics are, goon
Just to make the morning complete a note from the next criminal.
You guys need to do more of this....off the cuff great attitude day!! Thanks for #MAGA ... God bless 
Your “god” blesses sexual predators?  Maybe it’s time you went shopping for a new god.
Please leave office.  Don't come back to Indiana though.  

And, let's not forget your deliberate snubbing of North Korea at the Olympics.  Thank goodness the South Koreans are showing a lot more diplomatic class than you displayed.
Did he invite the gay figure skater?  I wonder
I noticed Lindsey Vonn was too busy to show up. 
You mean too smart.  There isn’t enough Purell in the world that would get me into a room with that filthy pig.

That’s Fantastic VP Pence; 
. Speak for yourself.

You're still all going to prison.
#TeamTreason
Find your king and tell him my God sent me to save Africa.
We love you vice president Pence
Always such an encouraging words
God Bless America
#ReleaseTheTexts
You’d know that if you watched something other than the Clinton Obsession Network, aka Fox News.
USA 
Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or
