You always look so lovely.
Love our VP and sweet wife
Did Donald touch you inappropriately? I would watch myself around him if I were you ...he’s a sexual predator
You must have him confused with Bill Clinton.
How much is costing hard working taxpayers to do all this hosting at a non-govt, privately owned country club for the wealthy?
E M O L U M E N T S VIOLATION. 

But hey, the Constitution is no big deal
The Constitution is a HUGE deal...when a Democrat is in office.
Sarcasm
Same.
yes
Awesome
Should have saved the taxpayer some money and seen them in DC.
How much tax payer money is going to Mar-a-Lago???  
It was nice seeing my mother in the nursing home Monday (she's a quadriplegic).

Not so nice being knocked out all day yesterday & most of today due to Congressional & VA policies to deny LEGIT pain medication to veterans knowing it is a DEATH SENTENCE!

ZERO since Dec 29, 2016!
How about an individual tweet to the 2nd lady , on this tweet that demonstrates poor judgement , and as such does little to advance your cause.
Insulting the one that may be able to help if swayed is bad form Marine
Not so much as of an insult but it was rude. Now that you have her Twitter handle a forum for discussion is in order
I have. I been begging these people to hear our pleas! So if they are insulted or consider it rude, then maybe they might want to start listening to a United States Marine that is fed up with the DENY till DEAD policies! 423-794-8241 -TRUTH must be shared
Its true that they are not even following thier own regulations or letters from the secretary. Its either insubordination or incompetence , they take simple task and turn them into monumental undertakings for veterans.  New non union employees are desperately needed
Veterans they taught us the skills to defend this great nation.
We used our bodies as bullet shields fighting their wars.
When we returned home, they abandoned us!
We became a burdened to be exterminated.

NO MORE!

Here's how to FIGHT BACK!
https://medium.com/@robertdrosejr/filing-a-federal-civil-tort-against-the-va-congress-882662eb6ea9 …

#Betrayed
That’s awesome



enjoy your time on vacation at taxpayer’s expense
President Trump for now is the best President not only in America it's the best President in the world . God almighty always be with you and your best Vice President Mike
Looking lovely 
Oh shit. I forgot you guys were relevant. The life size, hulking mass of a pu$$y groping cheese doodle kind of overshadows your gay hating existence.
Why aren’t you at the White House? Does @realDonaldTrump need to fill the coffers for his legal fees?
Such #gracious hosts.

Thank you.
White Trash in the so called Winter White House
#BLOCKED, dork!

Why can't you meet with foreign dignitaries at the WH?
Because the resistance has been so quiet lately
And so nice of you to plug Mr. Trump's Florida property today! You and your husband are such compliant accomplices in all his misdeeds. But God will forgive you both, so I guess that makes it OK. ;-)
Funny I don't think anyone said anything when TR had his summer white House at sagamore hill.
Did TR sell memberships to Sagamore Hill?
Mrs Pence looks beautiful
Why does  the Trump Adminstration have to go to Florida at $4 million per trip to conduct business ?
Thank you for all your doing !
@SecondLady 
You and Vise President Pence look very beautiful!
You seem like such a sincere sweet lady - thank you for representing our country so nicely!
Thank you Karen-san!
Beard.
Just ignore the ignorant haters - they have no decency or shame. All the best to you and your husband.
@GMA "THANKS FOR THE LOVELY BREAKFAST." (a nice things to say in case you forget and get indirectly called a Bitch by someone from your past you may have engaged in sexual activity with, or w/out, your adult consent including all earthly/planetary govt(s) concerned w/the matter.)
Amen 
How can so many be so blind? Pence was not chosen but forced on Trump. Pence and wifey here want Trump out so Mike will be put in. Both of you are just Globalist and will do the bidding for the NWO. Mike wants open boarders! SMH
God Bless USA!!!

God Bless Japan!!!

wonderful
Did you tell Marlon Bundo about Rabbit Island in Japan?
wow
I bet it’s nice. Spending tax payer’s hard earned money while @VP & @realDonaldTrump abuse the system and screw the American people! Don’t you think using crap-a-lago is a conflict of interest since he owns it? But hey let’s drain the swamp! #VoteThemOut
Well it was the only way your husband could meet her.

Tell us again how much u hate DT, it’s ok we do too
I think you’re adorable. I hate your husband.
So nice to see when this corrupt administration will be out of office....
Mrs Pence you look beautiful
Your husband works for someone who cheated on his wife.  With a porn star.
Her husband works for the American people.
Nah, he works for "white Christian" people.
If you say so
His actions tell all.
How lovely for you... any empathy for kids being torn from their parents?
This #Happy420  tweet is for the purpose of keeping the Twitter popularity trend of the 2nd Amendment gun grab down..and #Happy420  is third hoping to move it up a bit
Nigeria youth fire back to Mr President for saying that we are lazy 
https://www.facebook.com/preciousyax.boo/posts/221943401910563 …
Did she let you tongue and grab her covfefe Bigly as ZList celebrity's can do anything
Me too,  first time!
5dqafqqqqi Kim
They should have been at the White House instead of promoting Trump's businesses!!!
Could you see her without that blue dress... that’s the same blue dress you wear to every event... try talking your husband to stand up for himself and the country... stop being lackies
Mike: "Mrs. Abe, what do you call a Japanese woman with one leg shorter than the other?" Mrs. Abe: "Me so sorry?" Mike: "Irene...a ha ha HA HA!!" Very rude...
I know who your hubby wants to see!
Oh Internet how do I love thee? Let me count the ways... 

ONE 
Your very disrespectful

Bible Thumping hypetcrits
Trump family, making more money off of taxpayers. Disgusting!
#QAnon

#DeepState 

#WednesdayWisdom 

#TheRainMakers 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
Is the Mueller probe legitimate or a hoax?
Vice President Pence and 
Second Lady Karen are an inspiration to America in the very way they live their Christan Faith daily for all the World to see. God Bless you.
Another vacation for Donny Dotard.
More golf.

Sick
Did you tell her about Art Therapy?  She will probably need it after this meeting.
How much did this little soirée cost us little people??????
We the People Stand with POTUS. NOT WITH PENCE AND NIKKI HALEY!!!! VP Pence needs to back down against Trump. We voted for him to STAND WITH POTUS. NOT SOME EVIL PLAN TO OVERTAKE TRUMP!! George Sr. did the same.

Yes, advertise a TRUMP property for him.

Makes it all that much better.
You realize there are many government-owned facilites to hold dinners for visiting heads-of-state?  By using those facilites, the American taxpayers would not be funding a private business from which @POTUS personally profits.  This is the most obscene corruption ever witnessed.
How are the  bees doing ?

You have a serious mental problem. Unless you're 12. Even then,  something's wrong. Seek help
How much did I pay for this trip? Signed, a loyal taxpayer.
Whatever, mother.


Corny....
Do you monitor Mikey @VP Pencey electro-shocking his genitals or do you assist?
VOTE ADULTERY
Why are you still supporting an immoral criminal? Why???
the morning again why
Nothing like the wife of the vice president tweeting accolades for the gross violations of the Emoluments clause of our Constitution by her husband's administration
Will the real @MikeHotPence please step forward...
We know you hate foreigners and nonwhites. Don't lie.
Schilling for Donnies personal businesses again, I see.
