Yes America you did nothing with all your hard work to earn a raise. This is all due to your benevolent overlord. His majesty The Donald. Sorry about the part eaten up by inflammation.
Nope. Nice try.

My paycheck says otherwise.

My 401k is down too.

No benefits to my family but banks are sure raking it in.

#GOPTaxScam
Liar. There was a tax cut to every individual anyway. This is another benefit.
Nope. Personal exemptions are gone. SALT deductions are capped. Withholding tables have been reduced. Going to be a craptastic shock next April.
Those exemptions are gone to simplify the return. You now get much more through the standard deductions . All tax payers are better off. All. #MAGA
Nope. I have a family of 6. Our exemptions were about 24k. Standard deduction only  from about 12k to 24k. Losing 24k is not made up by 12k increase in standard ded. Also lowest bracket increased from 10% to 12%. Just wait until next April & everyone is pissed off!
I don't get why you're lying . Whats the point? Everything you just said is false. You get the same deductions with standard. It was expanded . And if you were lowest 10% bracket it stayed 10. If you were 15% it dropped to 12%. Stop lying, it's pathetic.
https://20somethingfinance.com/tax-brackets/ 

Not lying. I was wrong about the lowest bracket, was quoting an old version of tax bill. Everything else is correct.  I will be in the same boat as this comment from the article. I lose out due to cap on SALT deductions.
So your source is a "comment". Look, wrong, lying, doesn't matter. You're earning more money ,like all taxpayers. End of story. I proved it. Done. If you continue now, it will be lying.  Stop reading lies, stop spreading lies.
You are a pathetic excuse for a human being. WWJD????
Vice President Pence, can you please tell me if the committee that was formed to find a solution to the pension crisis has made any progress? My husband is unable to work due to esophageal cancer surgery and I just had back surgery.  We need some help!
God bless yall, we are likeyall good luck and keep praying
Just lies.  Stop misleading us
You obviously need to be drug tested! I don't know many middle-class people that have received any significant benefits from your corporate tax cuts!
Maybe you should get a job then you too can take advantage.
Joe I'm actually pretty successful! Not sure what you do, but maybe you should check your facts before you go throwing stones. Typical trumptard!
I find that impossible to believe
Sorry I'm confused I was commenting on Trump and you bring Obama and Hillary into the conversation when you talk about lies. Remember Obama's gone and Hillary lost , there is a god
Same concept we’ve watched for 40 years not work. Trickle-Down-Economics only works if no greed is involved and you just gave money to the GREEDIEST people on earth.  GJ selling our country.
I'm sorry Mike what you are calling a tax cut and putting money into my pocket is nothing more then $2 extra on my paycheck I think I will vote Democrat next time I can possibly get a better rate
Bull crap!  Do you have no shame?  Evidently not to be a part of such a criminal group!  You well may all end up in federal penitentiary- even trump family - deservedly so!!!  Congress criminals too!
That is not true, I don't know where is he getting facts, lies only

The truth will prevail...Lier lier pants on fire. Tell your boss he and his administration is NOT above the law. POTUS, Where's your TAX RETURNS? How many companies do you own? 500+
A tax cut for business is additional taxes to be paid by the middle class Start telling the truth Your tax cut is only geared toward the rich on the backs of the middle class
All lies! Workers haven't seen shit!
How do you get that number?
Try learning how to count... Or go back to school
Not if it goes into Stock BB's its not. The intention was noble but the rushing of such an important and expensive plan was unwise. You have to recover $1.5 TRILLION just to break even. How can you grow GDP 0.3 pts OVER that when IMF says US will grow only 2.6% in 2019?
Brilliant man THANK YOU Vice President Pence and his WHOLE family LOVE BLESSINGS TO all in Jesus Christ name AMEN
Massive tax cut your party enacted, without the consent of the people, had NOTHING to do with benefiting workers. Vast majority of benefits go to the wealthy, the pittance for the rest of us expire in 10 years. There is NOTHING Christian about you @VP
Actually it does benefit the workers. Yes the majority of the tax cuts go to the wealthy, but there is a reason for that.
I respectfully disagree with you. Conferring yet more tax benefits to wealthiest 1% & paying for those taxes by adding trillions more to our national debt while giving workers meager tax cuts that expire in 10 yrs does not benefit us. We pay for the national debt, remember that.
Which part did you disagree with? Also did you say anything about the national debt before? Tax cuts also do not add to the debt, spending does. That's a fact.
Yes I have, I call out both parties for their reckless governance, their unconstitutional excesses and the way they keep selling the people out to enrich themselves and their corporate benefactors. PS taxes create deficits, deficits are addressed by taking on additional debt.
Taxes create a deficit? A deficit is created by spending more than you bring in. I'm not sure what you mean, unless it is by taxes you mean excessive taxes forcing companies to flee to less taxed areas. Then that area loses its tax base.
There are two things that drive deficits, too much spending or too little revenue. Cutting taxes (most of which that benefit the rich) while cutting on the margins (mostly coming from the poor) creates a deficit.
There is only one way to go in debt and that is spending. There has to be taxes to fund the government, but the tax cuts (mostly for the rich) are a good thing.
Not true

It’s not a pay raise for workers. For most companies, it’s a stock buy back! Don’t pretend that you guys did this for the people, you didn’t.
They directly did help every taxpayer.
They used the good ol trickle down theory that Regan used and proved that it didn’t work. Why should I, who is in a higher tax bracket, get more money than people in a lower tax bracket? Why shouldn’t someone who works 40+ hrs and lives pay to pay get more?

I believe anything she says about as much as I believe what The orange buffoon says.
Why don't you just use the CNN calculator ? CNN says: "Generally speaking, most filers benefit from the bill". Fact. Fact. Fact. (Even) CNN (!!) says it. Capisce? It's really not that difficult to understand.
Your missing the point. The point of this tax cut is that cooperations and the top 1% get the big breaks. Why? Why should people who don’t struggle get the more money in return? Not to mention that it adds a trillion dollars to our deficit. Who are we going to borrow the $ from?
They going to make up that trillion dollars by cutting Social Security Medicare Medicaid housing you-name-it they're lining up the entitlements to slash right now
LIE
A tax cut for businesses is a windfall for business owners. Now, I have no problem with capitalism. I do have a problem with political lies. Don't pretend you're helping workers; you're helping owners.
Bullshit. If you're not requiring these businesses to give pay raises to their workers as a condition of these tax breaks, you are making up scenarios based off speculation of what they'll do with that money. You are a liar!
Tell that to the workers who lost their jobs when the businesses closed down
Except when it isn’t. Jesus hates you.
Mike.
You know you’re lying.
WE know you’re lying.
We know you, DeVos, Carson, Perry, &that irretrievable idiot Pruitt are all Koch Brothers’ lackeys.
And that’s their favorite lie:
“Our greed makes your life better!”
But it doesn’t. It never has.
So, tell them from us:
NO. SALE.
BS

Ah trickle done, that old chestnut.  History would beg to differ.
Bullshit. Less than 1% of the workforce in Wisconsin benefitted in any way. There has been no growth in Indiana yet, although optimists project a 2% growth. That’s really nothing to brag about. You made the obscenely rich even richer. Mother is ashamed. #PenceNotXtiam #yousuck

B
U
L
L
S
H
 I
T
#liar
Wrong boss my company gave me and my co-workers a dollar a hour raise because of their tax cuts
In the, YEARS AHEAD, AS, businesses respond .
You’re delusional!
You are very professional and articulate. Hope you will consider being our next president of this great America
Bot

but it’s not a tax cut for “business” it’s a tax cut for HUGE CORPORATIONS.
The “average worker” isn’t paying taxes anyway!
Liar.
Who and how many? My taxes went up and I am retired!
How do you know. The tax cuts don't kick in till next year
MAGA Make America Gag Again
The damage this is doing to our deficit situation will outweigh any short term benefit. Like everything else this president does it is based on impulse and knee jerk reactions, not planning and insight. Don't get any ideas about succeeding him either, not a chance.
We all know how well it's worked before.
GOD IN HEAVEN, STOP ALREADY!  NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Their CONSTANT plugging & cheer-leading should tell you how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this SCAM truly is. HERE is the TRUTH! This SCAM will KILL the Middle Class!
This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 
Yes some people will pay less in taxes so in the long run they will make money but corporations aren't paying more and that was the whole point about giving them huge tax cuts. What they're doing is stock BuyBacks and dividend payouts all for the rich
لن تنس لكم لا المقاولات ولا الأجراء هذه الخطوة الكبيرة والعظيمة .. شكرا لكم .. والأمل ان تحذو العديد من البلدان حذوكم

Wages are stagnant. Only low wage jobs have been created in the tromp era. There have been 10's of thousands of jobs lost or moved overseas. Corps are buying back their stock which only benefits the 1%. The $4k is a flat out LIE! Reality is those folks will be lucky to get $323
You didn’t learn a thing from “trickle down”, did you?  Tax cuts for the rich and corporations are profits for the rich and corporations.
This is called "Trickle Down Economics".  It has been tried repeatedly, and repeatedly it has failed big time.  The rich get richer and the poor get no more money or benefits.
"Expect" is not a policy.  You should have said "hope"!
@SenatorBaldwin
Why do the executives get the bulk of the rewards.  I know “tax cuts” is all you’ve got.  Stop lying about tax relief.  “Trickle down” economics has never worked.  #small man
Your expectations are about as real as you making it to heaven. 
#atheism
Not necessarily. In fact not happening.
Please someone tell these people who puts Americans to work.
No pay for anyone when gas prices eat up any sign of 
Payraise...
Last time we tried trickle down workers only got peed on
That is nonsense. It is definitely not proven that the more businesses make, the more the pay their workers. They “might” increase dividends to shareholders, they usually pay their executives higher bonuses,  but generally, the average worker sees nothing.
It’s an increased bonus fir the CEO and nothing more, and you know it.
That has been proven BULLSHIT. The tax cut has lined the pockets of corporate executives, closed businesses, and gone in the pockets of DEPLORABLES such as yourself #MikePence @vp and #DonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump .
The two of you are the biggest liars and criminals out there.

Bullshit...Corporate America has been posting record profits for the past 5 years and we the people have received very little. These new tax cuts now gives 83% of capital gaines directly to the 1%.
You Lie!!!
BULLSHIT! 
And a pay cut for our kids
A business tax cut will mean pay raises all right--in the form of bonuses for CEOs and CFOs and presidents. But for the average worker? Please. And $4,000? That's a 10% raise on those making $40,000. Who believes this?
Not me.
Tell the truth... a tax cut for big business is corporate charity and the worker might, just might get a few coppers on the millions the businesses get. This is a corporate handout AND we the taxpayers will have to pay for your economic ignorance.
That type of thinking @VP is exactly what is wrong with the GOP tax cut. A tax cut for bussinesses is bonus for the investors, never the workers.
OMG the LIES!! You are just as detestable and corrupt as the Fake POTUS. #AntiAmericanPence
Someone should ask dumbass Pence how the tax cuts have affect GDP for the first quarter in 2018
Bull
Please show historical evidence that tax cuts for corporations have led to sustained pay increases without lay-offs for all workers in those corporations.
Trickle down never reaches the bottom and you know it!
WHY DO YOU LIE TO THE WISCONSIN/AMERICAN PEOPLE.  TAX CUT YOU GAVE MILLIONAIRES WILL NOT TRICKLE DOWN TO ANYONE BUT WALLSTREET. #BlueWave2018   AMERICANS DON'T BELIEVE YOU/ TRUMP ANYMORE YOU ARE BOTH CORRUPT AND HAVE RUSSIAN INTEREST OVER AMERICAS.  #BlueWave2018   IT'S COMING
Another lie because the majority of the Rich Corporations who got the TAX Cuts did not give it back to their people not even one penny..They kept it for themselves or put it back in their companies...LIARS
Sure Jan!
Love you both, Mike Pence. #ThankGod4you
Actually, a tax cut for business is a pay raise for owners...and the tax cuts you’ve pushed through favor the rich even more in future years—not to mention the cuts in social programs that you will propose to offset the deficits you’ve created.
I hired six new people this year. Thank you very much! Hawaii unemployment is at 2%.
Prove these numbers  I dare you to even try.
No it’s not.  The vast majority of tax cuts for corporations are going to stock buy backs and dividends.  Do you think we are stupid?
Get your pardon pen ready, Trump will need it soon
Borrow 1.5 trillion  and give 40% of it to the richest 0.1%

Everyone shared the debt while the workers get the smallest share of the tax cuts

Let me show you what really happens
Everyone believes this except Bernie Sanders.
Most of the cash from Trump-GOP #TaxReform is going to stock buybacks, which create stockholder and CEO wealth, but do little for workers and #jobs. Deregulation and tax cuts since 1980’s have made buybacks easier, contributing to middle-class stagnation

The end is near
1st, just because the rich get a tax break doesn’t mean the worker will get one. 2ndly, even if they did get your 4K, consider the taxes. That equates to an extra 175.00 a month for a year so I have no clue what the Fuck you’re talking about in saying that’s a great tax cut. Not!
BS!!!
It's a lie that A tax cut for business is a pay raise for workers.  Most businesses are just doing stock buybacks.  He's as big a liar as  the so-called president.
You're so full of sh@t Mikey and you know it!
Can the crap, boyo. No one with half a brain believes that.
#PencestandswithNRA #PencestandswithNRA #PencestandswithNRA  #PencestandswithNRA #PencestandswithNRA #PencestandswithNRA #PencestandswithNRA #PencestandswithNRA #PencestandswithNRA
Lets hope your expectations are met
#GoAway
raising the min wage from $7.25 to just $10 is an annual raise of $5,725/yr - now THAT would be great for workers
Would love to see the science that backs up his claim. Greed feeds greed.
WRONG. They are pocketing your tax break.

What about Washington state? How will it help us? And thanks for raising the Rent on the old poor and disabled. And taking the food stamps away from them too
Why don’t you guarantee??
Why not lie, like the President???
If your middle class but lets say pence was right with no proof.ok, so you get 4k per yr for 10 yrs. which means you get  74 bucks a week more. again it's a lie more like 37 bucks a week. The 1%ers get 1.5 million a yr for life. break it down.26,923.07 per week forever! feel good
No it's not. Do you not know the difference between tax cuts for the rich, and raising minimum wage? #Jacktheripper

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
Yeah, nothing changed for me regarding pay.  But then...I’m middle class, not a corporation.
Except for the part where very few workers have gotten pay raises. Take away the puny bonuses some folk got and you ain’t got much. Unless you’re rich, in which case the Trump-Pence tax cut worked great. As a man who purports to be god-fearing, why do you lie about who benefits?
Of course, past and recent history shows that tax cuts for business is not a pay raise. But you know. Do you clear it with God before you lie?
That is a lie. I guess you are believing your boss. Try fact checking.
Complete republikkkan bullshit!
Bullshit.....straight up!!!!!

Just in time to start bailing out Wall Street again.
You are smokin the Ganja buddy
Bull shit!!!   You are not living in the real world  you don't get it.
What a load of bull crap we aren’t going to see nothing cause food ,gas ,water ,electricity, clothing,medical, education,housing ,rentals, travel to & from 
work bart, buses all gone up so we have lost more then what we gain from Trumps tax cuts. you are all lairs. No vote here
Naive tweet sir.  tax expense savings can be recycled Into raises or .....dividends or capex or retained to strengthen capital
You sir are full of crap
For the slow:
“The bottom 80 percent of families currently pay 33 percent of all combined federal taxes, yet will get 35 percent of the tax cuts. By contrast, the top one percent currently pays 27 percent of all federal taxes, but will get just 21 percent of the tax cuts.
What you expect and what will happen are two very different things. Who would expect any less from the most INVISIBLE VP in American history?  Dope.
Your bogus tax plan really is all you have. It's all you talk about. #sickofthelies

That is a lie, what it has done is spurned stock buy backs, i cant wait till mueller knocks on your door mike
It doesn’t work, mike.
$4,000!!!  Thatsalotsacrumbs!!!

Do you really believe this propaganda? I’d like to see a serious study on the claims you are making.
NONE of those businesses have trickled that down to workers. workers recieved a pittance of a bonus and the rest went to executives and shareholders. You are disgusting.
Depends on how you define basically everything you’ve said. So basically your opinion is unsubstantiated by facts. Wait, you’re part of the Trump administration. How redundant of me.
Bahaha. And what will your answer be when they don’t. Duh? Well?  Hmm?  It should have happened    Of course you won’t be able to explain
Who you fooling? Yourself! They pocket the change
It’s amazing to see people actually work. Now the problem is keeping people working because of addictions to narcotics, alcohol, and just plain laziness. The great comes back when people get that achievement has happened.
Sorry, Pence, but you are spouting bullshit. More money for the rich = less money for the poor...no money for the middle. I suspect the 200,000 on the left side of the equation feel they offset the 200,000,000 on the right but there’s something wrong with the math.
We haven’t seen nothing yet! In two years we will really get hit with higher taxes! The rich won’t
Dear VP Pence.  We taxpayers are begging you to stop cow towing to this President. He is setting you up for one of two things.  Your dismissal or for you to pardon him. The writing is on the wall. Can you read it?  #TaxScamBill
Those companies are keeping the money.. you’re a joke
So basically....getting the money back that’s being taken from our paychecks that was given to corporations in the first place?
Oh, goody.

Cuban illnesses; think it is cigars or cigarettes. The ear problem. Avoid presents.

MAGA
Borrowed money we all owe.
Pence is one lying sack of crap, no one gives away their dough that they paid politicians so much to get. No, you won't see a pay increase. Guarantee its costs plenty. 80 cents increase in gallon of gas . @gop pocket @CNN
Mike has ran out of things to talk about so he drags up this tax cut crap, again.
hahahaha $4000. You're learning how to lie very well from your master Donald Trump.
In your dreams. Subway just announced they are closing stores here and opening new ones over seas
Lol why don't you prove it? A tax cut for corporations is a windfall for shareholders not workers.

A Federal judge has ordered the Trump Administration to continue signing people up for DACA. Do you believe the judge made the right choice? Vote and retweet. #MAGA #DACA #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst #Resist #Resistance
What bizzaro world are you in? Companies are spending the savings from the #GOPTaxScam on stock buybacks and dividends to stockholders while laying off large numbers of workers.
Great job Mr Pence. You are an admirable VP so proud of your service.
A tax cut for business is a boon to shareholders. The projected $4000 raise over “years to come” is simply deceitful.
Our generations will be paying for this, while the rich get richer.
All those Crumbs Added Up to a Whole Cookie
What reality do you live in? Companies are laying off employees. What about small businesses? They aren't handing out raises. The rich keep getting richer. Maybe you should join the work force for a week and see what happens
who are you trying to bullshit?!!
How 4000  oh dropping  1000 means  laid  till unlock codes
Where is the pay raise for @Carrier workers who have lost jobs? What kind of #Hoosier are you?
Except they won't.
Not True For Millions Of Workers.
Um, no.  It’s a stock buy back for corporations.  The “Dumb and Dumber” makes more sense.
The math simply doesn't add up.
Prove it, liar.
Vice President Pence, you are not paying attention to what people are saying, they are saying they are not getting raises, or better benefits, pay attention.
The lies that are told to the deplorables, are just embarrassingly deplorable.
How come we, in the middle class, didn't see that tax cut?
#LyingPence is beating the drum for tax cuts for the wealthy again. The @GOP will be drummed out of power soon enough.
While their bosses get 40 Grand for doing nothing.
Lord Jesus...
