That is an awfully white meeting!
Stupid is as stupid does!  Try to look past so skin color!
basszatok agyon amerikaiak a mocskos uzsorasfasiszta kömuveszsidot mind csicskastól.ezek is itt mind azok-a politikusok

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
OMG!! Pence/Mother both star in 2nd season of Handmaids tale!!#artimitatinglifeimitatingart
I can't believe state sponsored organized crime for social control, via Lotka-Volterra, is gonna be selectively enforced here by Interpol, to strongarm international policy, and I warned ppl, a whole city shouldn't be financed this way, or involved in this crap.
I mean, is congress going to dilate war, to save all these state sponsored regimes on automated systems of organized crime for social control, which didn't reduce crime or death tolls?  And is fragile in networks connected to even you?  
Can they not do this?
Indiana must be a great place.  It gave us you as VP.
Indiana hated him as governor. He would have lost re-election if DT hadn't picked him to be his lap dog. Look up his 'RFRA' fiasco, or his attempt to start a state-run news service.
Waaa  waaa  waaa.  Name me a perfect Gov.  I am sooooo glad that it's not HC and that clown Kaine.
Must be a simple life to just call people names and not worry about things like facts or truth. Sounds a lot like the guy who lives in the White House, as a matter of fact. Muting you, so don't bother responding.
Mr. Vice President, the good people here at concastacorp must inform you that these individuals are IMposters! Posing with their home made medals.  Concastacorp/nbc issued all plastic medals for the 2018 Olympics, in chromatic green and orange, forming silver without nbc stickr
Nick Goepper.  We Americans are so Proud of your Gifts .  We are so Proud of your love to be a citizen of USA.  The future is bright in you !  Keep believing !   
Are you ever going to recognize the black man who helped out at the Waffle House shootings?
Yuck can’t believe those amazing athletes came to see you criminals... #RussianCollusion #ComplicitGOP #handmaidenstale
Another Indiana Champion!  Glory to God!
Congratulations Nick

The @WashingtonPost said, “Americans think their democracy is falling short.”  Do you agree or disagree with this statement?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/26/americans-think-their-democracy-is-falling-short/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.11201b3af1f2 …
can you release area 51 info
Another photo op, lets see one of you both retiring now!
Oh yeah another empty "I'm honored" "I'm proud" "congratulations" etc.etc. don't you POTUS dumbheads do anything worthwhile for America? All you do is use your positions to garner more prestige by (falsely) lauding others, and trying to take undue credit.
We are so proud of our young athletes!

Thanks Sir for sharing with us such inspiring information . Love from India .
Nick makes Indiana proud, while you’re an embarrassment Mike!
You know James Shaw Jr is a hero. You know who that is racist?
Something you rarely did .
Why have you not done anything to stop DJT from destroying the GOP.  Are you afraid of him??
Hoosier Stooge?
God bless great Trump and friends of Biafras and lover's of freedom biafrexit
What happened to Thank you President Trump?
Yo Ass Sho Don't Make Hoosiers Proud ,Yo Ass Makes Hoosiers Look  Stupid as Fuck ! A Nigger is a LowLife, w/out ethics, Morals and Culture  ! How's That Working Out  ?
GRAPHIC WARNING : IS NOT SUITABLE FOR ANY AGE
Yes I proud feel Right Now

Something good happens and how are you negative people have to go wandering off point. Get over yourselves. As negative as you people are I bet your personal lives are completely miserable and you blame everyone else
As you were in the top 10 of worst Governor’s Of Hoosiers I cNn only say this: ‘One Bad Apple Don’t Spoil The Whole Bunch Girl’. My next performance will no doubt be in Utah.
Translation: We'll be sending you Yeezys co's it's the official Trump brand of choice in clothing, I can't wait for my first pair which I'll be wearing proudly in our next party... Trump thinks Yeezys are sexy.
Indeed a very proud moment...
I wonder if @lindseyvonn was watching her team mates honor the country while she stayed home like a spoiled BRATT!!!!!!
Onion Head
congrats to usa, manafort case was dropped yay
congratulations
The time for #directdemocracy has arrived

As usual  Trump had to make it about himself. Big crowds...what is it with Trump and crowd size?
Whats a Hoosier
At least they can be proud of that...you certainly aren’t someone to be proud of.
VP Pence also said Americans share Isreali values.
at least one person in this clip who's from Indiana makes the Nation proud. Thanks @NickGoepper
READ THE TRANSCRIPT OF WHAT HE SAID

This was not a congrats

He’s a moronic POS
60 Team USA Olympians choose not to attend White House reception | Daily Mail Online
Winning Olympians Say They Won’t Visit White House For Fear Trump Might Steal Gold
U.S. Olympians Have A Huge Donald Trump Problem

He needs a white jacket too ... but one that has extra long sleeves and ties around his body quite a few times. Ooohhh and a white padded wall bedroom!!!

You and mr Trump are doing a fine job!



Good jobs boys!

Cool , now about this investigation
by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth
Before anything they should think that I am the owner of the USA and they have not reply or send any messages to me they only ignoring the truth they will face life in prison for ignoraning  me the owner of the USA  Joel E. Torres (JET)also knowas Benjamin franklin and George W.
