
How sad to see an old woman especially one in a wheelchair want to be so vulgar!!
By cutting funding? Why do you lie? I thought you were a devout Christian?
Humanity's home planet, to be able to interact with the universe of thin ball also give more at the forefront of civilization, a draft
Resign
#QAnon #spacesymposium #WikiLeaks #space
@Annie1792 have a read of that
#OTUS I not doing dog shit to fix or help anything!
You are the ones that are shutting down support of the iss. Liars all.

Thank you all for reviving the space program. Born in '69 I remember all of your good works! Us Earth bound people salute you  NOT A SINGLE PLANET SPECIES  THE PREAMBLE TO MASS SPACE TRAVEL STARTS WITH YOU  BTW one rover is lonely the other needs sun  #Mars 
Is that a pic of mars? What is it?
Yes. Zooming out from the Victoria Crater at Meridiani Plamun.
Vote for TRUMP 2020
Clown
Just for kicks, I wish they'd told him they're having great three-ways up there.
Mike has them working on proving the earth is flat
Hey Mike, a couple questions: how was the universe created? When was the universe created? TIA.
Lmao When they started talking about wiping out the species, dark energy, and the extinction of the dinosaurs, 
Mike Pence's stomach started to turn. He thought:
         "Oh boy. Ive got to alley-oop this back to jesus quickly" lol

Then he had to bring god into it
Did you tell them when you knew Flynn was lying?
idiot
#روحت شاد رضا شاه $

Dammit, every chance Pence had, he was sucking Trumps dick.

And he wasnt even smoothe about it. He was corny as hell
if god(s) wanted us in space we'd have been born in space. and whose paying for all this?
Godspeed
Keep improving the commercial side of space to help these nomads stay productive and happy. Your focus is much appreciated! #newspace

You mentioned "administration " here. When your boss ran for president he said he would unify the country and work with both parties. Not one Democrat is invited to the state dinner. Trump is drinking the vodka all by himself  ?
good to be proud of something when the p and vp are intl. embarrassment
God speed??? Wtf is this woo woo you spout??
Great to Watch from Norway! Great people.
Is it true, that Aliens are building a Wall around Earth in order to contain the Trump Administration’s brand of hatred and “EEEVILNESS” to Earth, and not letting it spread throughout the universe? Are you an Alien VP Pence? Then stop acting like one and dump the Trump.
That money can be spent on domestic things
Necesito septimo de caballeria ligera....Por favor Señor V.Pence
it will be a great move to release Biafra's from Nigeria 
The world will fell the #benefit
Can you believe they go to space without their wives??? Crazy uh, Mr #MikePence
Ok, that was funny!
Your admin is working to destroy science. Stop pretending lol that you care.

Nice to know we have a stable VP.

Does President Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize after getting North Korea to shut down their missile tests?
Where's artificial gravity? You've had so long to work it out. Tell your stupid scientists that gravity is placebo. Ancients knew about this. Forget neutrinos - it's all placebo.
God bless  3 space men.
Yes, God bless them. This is so exciting that were actually putting money back into NASA in the space exploration! Never forget how powerful American patriots can be and what they can do!
Space Waste at the expense of the less fortunate
LOVE U MY VP ,
What else did you do with them besides “talk”????
Asking for a gay friend.
So did you ask them if the world was really flat out of they could see God?
Where are your worthless thoughts and prayers for the Waffle House killings?
#PenceKnew


SPACEFORCE IS NO ILLUSION. GOOD WORK VP PENCE.

You realize that you have to fund nasa and believe in science too?
SCIENCE NOT GOD . Keep That It Mind Evangelical Ass-Clown . BTW Get Your FAKE GOD OUT OF MY GOVERNMENT You Treasonous Piece of SHIT
Mike who?
How're we doing on that whole
#TrumpIntoSpace project? We'd
like to put @realDonaldTrump on
a rocketship to outer space
ASAP. Can we please have a
 status report, @NASA?
Mike please you cannot be so fooled by the fake astronauts.
And yet you're so easily fooled by the lies and deceit of religion you just don't see reality when it stares you in the face. You probably support Trump too.

Wilful denial of reality.
How's Manafort? Flynn Jr. Is subject of Fed Russia probe. Tick tock...
Now tell them why you're cutting their funding.
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/college-student-musician-4-killed-waffle-house-shooting-article-1.3949041?utm_content=bufferbd3d2&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=NYDailyNewsTw …
Whatever. 3 questions:
What are you going to do about the increasing prevalence of domestic terrorism in the US? 
What's the strategy to protect us from #WhiteDomesticTerrorists? 
Have you or the POTUS offered condolences to the grieving families?
Puke on u pencey
hello my loves
Awesome job Vice President Pence
Too bad they had to deal with a traitor like you
@rollingstone If Fed's raise interest rates, it may have something do with concerts. "That's [partly] because some seats, [at her concerts], Swift has adopted 'dynamic pricing', where concert tickets...shift prices constantly in adjusting to market demand."

"Godspeed." Give me a break, Pence. 
They know how old the earth is.. It ain't what you believe it is.
How about speaking with the young man the hero who stood up to the assailant at the Waffle House. You have heard about that haven’t you. Don’t worry Mike it has nothing to do with Puerto Rico. You know the country who was devastated by a hurricane and you’re ignoring.
Do you seriously think that anyone will believe that Trump is working "tirelessly" on the missions of NASA & outer space related commercial companies?

If he's working tirelessly on that, how does he have time to work on the economy, education, etc? Not to mention his golf game?

By cutting the NASA budget to analyze global warming?
They aren't proud of you

Thanks VP Pence!
#Godspeed

I understand Sir they kinda cute at your age eh?
Pence feel free to go on the next mission to Mars.....
We are really proud of our VP .
Your son Hunter is on the DL for the San Francisco Giants
Did you tell them you'd #ResignNow? That's the only news I'd like to hear coming from a liar or a schizo.
This was cool
Mikey just wants a free ride to Heaven on a shuttle cause he knows that there's know way he's getting in on his own merits anymore.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/10/07/the-united-states-and-russia-are-inching-toward-doomsday-arms-weapons-nuclear/amp/&ved=2ahUKEwjyybvjn7vaAhVHYK0KHSPXATIQFjABegQIBxAB&usg=AOvVaw3GXLqGVHK-VA17eIsvgjjN&ampcf=1 …
America is courageous above and beyond your ignorance Mike Pence
Fake space simulator.....the earth is flat
God Bless you Vice President Pence! May our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ Bless your soul for all Eternity!
for executing its inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Control of the Congress. No State
