Welcome to the @USCapitol, President @EmmanuelMacron! 
While #Macron was reciting his memorized agenda about 'planet' & CO2 & 'we should be all one happy family', #POTUS #Trump was meeting with @tim_cook #Apple discussing ... JOBS, Business, REAL PEOPLE & their problems!
While Macron 'praises' the middle class as 'the backbone' of society, he is braking our backbone in France, with taxes, illegal  immigration, destroying even further the education etc
What is this 'multilateralism'? #Trump imposed the bi-polarisme with his action in #Syria, dragging the other two along. They, Macron and #TheresaMay, it seems, didn't even understand it! He is translating the French 'multilatéralisme', used as contrary to 'isolationnisme'!
Macron looked 'nice' because #Trump can make any one 'look nice'But he's below zero in FR & EU, just following, executing the agenda he was elected/put up there for, 'open borders' 'French Islam' etc, his 'pillars':the whole of the French press, the FR-International #DeepState.
We Do Not Need To Nation Build In Syria
Ur almost worse than the orange cheese doodle child we let run the most powerful nation in the world
Democrats just can't stop bashing the President can you.A caravan is trying to force its self across the border. California trying to remove religious books and counseling,we were forced on government health care.Trying to remove 2nd amendment .STOP
Lol I’m guessing u watch faux news
I listen to Rush
First time in over a year since Congress heard from a legitimate president.
Please don't get duppued into Macron's New World Order!

That's ObamaSpeak and will lead to the Destruction of America Mr.Vice President. 

Please do be civil and polite but do not pander to this man.

Please,  let's Make America Great and then let's Keep America Great!

DTS Sir!
Reminder to the American people who are true patriots:  Mike Pence is in bed with the Koch brothers, who have more money than they could ever need to live a happy life but who are dead set on greed at the expense of our Constitution and way of life. That’s Pence.
Mike Pence is a wonderful Christian man. He will not do anything disobedient to our Lord. Tell us what you think about George Soros. Would you attack one side and not the other?
You’re not intelligent enough to understand. Did you think I wouldn’t read some of@your twitter feed? I always do so I can see if you have any marbles upstairs. You don’t. Good riddance.
God bless you and God Please Bless America.
They support the Paris climate agreement and the Iran nuclear accord. They are pro LGBT  and they don’t lie to their constituents.  You, not so much.   @VP @realDonaldTrump  please go away before you destroy us!  Merci @ManuelMacron
His speech was a total repudiation of Nationalism as expressed by Trumpism
Good news not just France but make this world a better place and bring “Peace World over 

Too bad he can make friends with a foreign leader and not include the leaders of the minority party to the State Dinner. Showed Macron how punitive he is.
Now did you explain your views on the gay community to President Macron? Or did you tell him how you and spanky think there are good racists? Just curious since you and spanky think you represent American values
That’s the first time I’ve ever seen both sides stand up and clap, amazing!

Repealing the Clean Power Plan is a top #Koch priority and the Trump administration wants to do it! Submit your comments opposing the repeal before the DEADLINE TOMORROW, 4/26/18!! Link for submitting comments is below. https://twitter.com/NRDC/status/989179877873111040 …
Domestic violence is never ok! Proven liar John Kelly, White House Counsel Don McGahn, and Trump purposefully kept a wife beater employed for months after learning the facts. Trump doesn’t hire the best because the best know better. #BlueWave2018 @POTUS @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Work for freedom, peace and love. Stop working for destruction and war!  Spread Peace in the Middle East!
Amen!
Trump didn’t drain the swamp. He merely stirred the pot as he violated the United States Constitution daily, including violations of the Emoluments Clause.  Pruitt is a clear example of a Trump swamp monster! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @EPA @CNNPolitics @MSNBC @GOP @HouseGOP
He’s eviscerating literally everything you stand for. Pay attention. Maybe you’ll learn a thing or two.
You’re right I wish trump wouldn’t be so dumb as to trust this little masonic Rothchild’s puppy a bit; unfortunately, he seems to like the rep of the worst criminals this world had ever had to be the victim of. Enjoy your phantasy of freedom under BC!
Get trump out then we try to clean up his mess

SALUTE 
Despite all the bullshit games out of this White House and @USTreasury, Trump still refuses to impose meangful, congressionay mandated sanctions on Russia, proving Trumps Russian Conspiracy Scandal continues. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @PressSec @SenateGOP @GOP @HouseGOP
Donald Trump is a wife beater, among other things.  All women should stand against him, but Evangelical white women gave him a pass for wife beating, predatory behavior, and for “Grab her by the P” attitude.  Responsible women don’t support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #BlueWave2018
You better look at the history of France didn’t do shit for America
Why did you refuse to clap when he mentioned science? Shocked you didn't walk out, since that seems to be your only job.
Poilce work under a union. That is illegal under the constiuton
VGMPIUSP
In life’s every changing ways, there is but one direction. Forward. Even looking backwards, time sweeps one along.  The wise remember the lessons of the past to help guide the future.
Poilce work under a union. That is illegal under the constiuton
It was so nice that Mr. Macron and hos wife had 3 days to see what running a government shouldn't look like. What a debacle. He's going to take all of that information back to France, not do any of it, and will keep France great.
I’ve encountered good, honest, brave women and men from all 5 major services who took oaths and understand Trump is a criminal, liar, con, fraud, sexual predator, probable child rapist, and a Russian asset. We DO NOT support this vile criminal. Neither should you. @GOP @SenateGOP
BREAKING NEWS: Trump’s Lawyer Michael Cohen tells court that he will plead the fifth.

Remember when Donald Trump proclaimed that people who are innocent don’t plead the fifth? They are all a bunch of criminals.
https://www.change.org/p/we-want-to-see-trump-s-tax-returns …




أستغفر الوالي لذنبي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات أستغفر الولي لذنبي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات أستغفر الوكيل لذنبي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات اللهم صلى وسلم تسليما كثيرا وبارك على النبي رسول الله وعلى آلة وأزواجة وذريتة وصحبة أجمعين وعلى المؤمنين والمؤمنات يارب العالمين في العالمين أنك حميد مجيد

I revoke my welcome after hearing his globalist-agenda-Soros-funded baloney he slung at Congress today. Shame on Congress for standing and clapping against national interests. Vote them OUT.
So why don't you start with the freedom of Dwight and Steven Hammond.
That is true for Mike Pence we need at this time of peaceful negotiation to the matter at hand although it is imminent that they will happen anyway considering the circumstances of the opposing forces
Great speech, what American people want!  Will the @gop @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump ever care about anything but themselves and their personal gain! Vote them out come Nov.!
Freedom Fries?
President Macron, the American people apologize for any slime imparted by our vile and venal president, or drool from the sycophant Pence, or anything inappropriate from the invertebrates @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr



Hope you learned a few things, Mike.
Can we keep the French guy and get rid of the Orange troll and his minions. 
#NotMyPresident #FuckTrump
@WhiteHouse @EmmanuelMacron First step:Get rid of Trump ! Second step Resign.
Please take Mike Pence with you when you leave.
American dreamers first!!  No more freebies to illegal immigrants!!
Rep. Joe Kennedy III
@RepJoeKennedy

Impact of #GOPTaxScam. Multinational company Philips Lighting announces $342M profits in 2017 & $187.4M in planned share buybacks in 2018. Immediately lays off nearly 200 Fall River workers & moves factory to Mexico.
https://twitter.com/bostonherald/status/988820648293208065 … …
Philips Lighting plant closing puts many workers in dark place, writes @JessicaHeslam #mapoli  http://bhne.ws/gepV2ig  
Is there any sanitizer available for use after having to shake Peloser’s hand
Boy, I haven't seen ASS KISSING like that since Bush/Blair. :-)

Did anyone else notice nancy peloser was trying to pickpocket President Macron. Why did they let her get that close to him?
i'm not seeing what you mean in this vid.
Sorry, it isn't this video, I noticed she was too close while I watched it on tv. Now I'm embarrassed you thought I was acting like a democrat trying to mislead you.
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，臺灣，高雄市。
Dems just won a seat in NY Republicans have held since 1978. 

#DemWave 
I wonder what he will say. Will the Dems boo him? Will he defend peace through strength? What about antisemitism and Israel?
We should be wary; with both his love of a “new world order” and the unprecedented response by the Democrats as they gave more standing ovations during Macron’s address than ever before.
Reminder to all Americans who support the GOOD people of Israel and who support Jewish people in our country and around the globe:  Donald Trump knowingly hired a former Hungarian Nazi with a phony PhD (who has blocked me).  Trump is anti-Semitic despite his lies.
says the guy from a country that butchered Jews
Well  said.
Macron, keep in mind that you’re not dancing with the devil, you’re dancing with the devils puppet.  Trump is Putin’s Illegitimate president and we have millions of racist Americans supporting them both. This is not democracy, it’s an active Russian conspiracy. @POTUS @DNC @GOP
What about Iran and climate change
Democrats cheer and stand for a leader of another country before their own. 

Weird.
hes preaching Globalism & you all are applauding it! He can take his ass back to France & the next time they get conquered in 7 days dont come calling!
You & Trump create instability in the US & abroad & you take away American freedoms daily.  We are ashamed of Putin’s Trumpland destroying Our Democracy.
Why has Scott Pruitt not been fired yet? FRAUD, WASTE & ABUSE of our federal tax mentnis NOT ACCEPTABLE! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @PressSec @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @EPA The linger you keep Pruitt, the bigger the #BlueWave2018
Hope @EmmanuelMacron washes his hand after shaking hands with u two!
Macron is a Democrat. lol
I love him- lint and all
France made such a great choice when they elected President Macron. They are very fortunate.
Welcome....

A Federal judge has ordered the Trump Administration to continue signing people up for DACA. Do you believe the judge made the right choice? Vote and retweet. #MAGA #DACA #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst #Resist #Resistance
I am appalled you are speaking at the NRA convention! You are supposed to be the Vice President for ALL you Pattinson puke!
@realDonaldTrump Pence, sending a message(to the ) that if he takes over as Prez. from Trump’s Impeachment & indictment, things will be differentMaybe back to the traditional values of the GOP!? Sorry Donald, Your VP & GOP is coming for you Bye!!
Pence, sending a message(to the ) that if he takes over as Prez. from Trump’s Impeachment & indictment, things will be differentMaybe back to the traditional values of the GOP!? Sorry Donald, Your VP & GOP is coming for you Bye!!
Why can't the US have an articulate, intelligent, honest  moral, etc leader such as Macron???
Now is going to claim Macron is "FAKE NEWS!"? 
POTUS got rolled, he is so not ready for Kim jong un.
Well that didn't go, as I think, you had planned.
How Emmanuel Macron Became the New Leader of the Free World - POLITICO Magazine
If only we had a president who wasn’t a narcissistic pathological liar who cheated on his mistress with a porn star while his wife was recovering from childbirth! #ViveLaFrance
Sounded just like all globalists. Basically said no to nationalism. GTFO! .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump
Amen thank you
As a former Catholic and current Christian, do you have any thoughts on this Mr. Vice President?

What does everyone think? Did he flash devil horns or not?


As we work together to forge a future of freedom & peace in our time? Mr. Pence how is that working for us? Besides your contribution of just standing by  I see everything but PEACE this requires more than just a Twitter friendly tweet

Hope you paid attention to Macron saying we should STAY with both the Paris accord and the Iran nuclear deal!  MOST OF YOUR CONSTITUENTS AGREE WITH MACRON!

Did you hit on him?
@realDonaldTrump 
@FLOTUS 
@PressSec 
@FoxNews 
FAKE HAIR ISN'T REAL EITHER
Yes. For God so loved the world... To become friends of the world, is to become an enemy of God. Only God can love the world and stay righteous. It never was y2k, but y3k. Be strong and careful. God bless USAMERICA. God bless President Trump and Republican Administration.
Yes.. let’s have a massive military parade to celebrate peace... such an amazing crock of shit.  The GOP is criminal..!and will be rendered completely obsolete in less than 10 years.. thank goodness for that.
@WhiteHouse @EmmanuelMacron  too bad it isn't LaPen
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  May Congress and the Administration also learn from President Macron's speech: climate change is reality, TPP is important to participate in, nationalism is dangerous.
Yes, and there are 87 genders and abortion isn't murder and free everthing for everyone!
Amen!
Praying for You!
https://twitter.com/MSzymanski10/status/989177460683104256?s=19 …
Hey @Vp @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @gop @LindseyGrahamSC @EmmanuelMacron. Y’all are saying that 28k workers got raises and bonuses in WI because of your tax scam. That’s .933% of the workforce. What are you going to do for the other 99% who simply got screwed? #yousuck
I am so confused. I remember Potus saying that NATO is obsoleted and everyone is taking advantage of us
Peace in our time...... yeah last time that phrase was used WW2 began not long after....
Noticed you didn’t clap several times. Was it because macron was making more sense and you were in shock because he told the truth?  Unlike trump!!
Hey Resisters..Open your ears to listen not hatefull minds. You don't like leaving in USA, , just leave doors are open.
#MAGA


Finally, u didnt suckup to Trump!!!
Dis is da easy part  trudeau...it's an Indian language. .."sign".
Still no thoughts & prayers for the 4 dead at Waffle House or the hero thought you and mother were Christian. Guess you are a racist Christian
Macron cleaned Trump's clock with that speech. Macron's speech reflects what the American Values were before Trump.
#MuellerTime
It was so nice to see a real leader, young, fit and handsome, speaking excellent English to Congress! We haven't had that since January 20, 2017!
Thank goodness we are not weak like France. They are slowly being invaded by evolution. Right under their sharp noses.
I hope you and BLOTUS took notes.  That is a leader.  You and BLOTUS do not even compare.
Pres Macron sounded like one world government globalist propagandist! Sounded like repudiation of everything Pres Trump & you ran your campaign on aka nationalism. Not ready to sell out America for a global gov! “And this is how liberty dies to the sound of thunderous applause”
Is Pence sane?
Anything to say about the Waffle House shooting yet?
It was so refreshing to hear an actual president speak the English language since President Obama.
Please LISTEN to what he is saying about climate change and immigration. LISTEN don't just write empty words.
Much better than you bozos!
Mr. Vice President! Korean people hope that the United States & South Korea work together to forge a future of freedom and peace through the whole of Asia including North Korea and China ASAP! Please don’t be cheated by the commies of the Korean Peninsula!
Was it just me or did it sound like Macron said the exact opposite of what Trump has been saying in his tweets?
Thank You
And may we come together on the Paris Accord and the Iran Deal, ensuring that the planet’s future will be peaceful and environmentally sound.
I noticed that you and that other slimy freak Paul Ryan withheld applause several times. I know you're smarter than dotard Don, though not less evil, so it's clear that you were aware that macron was expertly trolling your man-Love Trump.
very good point
Have you electro-shocked your genitals today?
Vive Gay Paris!  I am sure “Je me souvient” 
It was refreshing to hear a leader who truly understands the workings of the world around him. It is unfortunate our leader has confined himself to only himself.
@realDonaldTrump - I wish macron was our president. He speaks the English language better than you.
Donald, we love you so much! You are a national treasure, a cultural messiah! We will be building gold statues to you for eternity!!! #BestpresidentEvet45 #patriot #love
A shame the Democrats can't show respect for our President like they did  Macron.
Wow look a real Presidential Tweet.  #46
WHY WERE NO DEMOCRATS INVITED AT THE DINNER ??? I WILL NOT PAY FOR IT !!! PENCE IS A CORRUPT LIAR !!
Because it was a dinner, not a whine tasting. I paid for Obrama to entertain thugs, so suffer.
Yeah I loved watching him tear your entire agenda apart! GO MACRON!
Yeah. You just just showed me how anti American Democrats are..Communists for sure.
How's his dandruff today?

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … sign a Petition and Help! Your Voice is important! #PetycjaSmolenskaDoTrumpa
We can't forge peace when he is for letting terrorist in through migration..the Dems were on their feet praising his dig at POTUS 3 times with the NWO reference.
A bunch of snakes in the grass. They will stab him in the back as well.

Climate Change is real.
It's real but the profits outweigh taking care of our one & only Earth. Mr. Trump is a business man he knows that admitting climate change is real means less money and therefore it won't happen
I sincerely wish you & Republican leadership, sir, had as much willingness to work in partnership with Americans across the aisle.
"Peace in our time" - Neville Chamberlain, 1938
Good luck when Merkel gets there../Water Head
I am not impressed
Finally a President that is informed, intelligent and speaks with authority, compassion and grace. Too bad thats not what we have....
@realDonaldTrump @AmbJohnBolton @AlanDersh Trump, French President Macron said a lot BS about Iran&disrespected you. French&UK Dossier are together to create problem in the Middle East by Iran  to start war with Russia. Please do not believe these warmongers.
Help save #alfieevans
First real president to address Congress since President Obama.
Hi, Mr. Bill. I'm Mr. Hand. Let's make you a friend. Meet Mr Bluto. He's going to help you get over your obsession with our country's #1 failure, Bareback Obrama. Let's go play with this box of razor blades in the middle of the road.
For future reference here, Mr. Handjob, I ignore stupid comments like yours. Go back to masterbating.  Thanks for playing.
I hope you were listening.
Freedom and peace? You’re not living up to these words in your own country!
Remember when the GOP renamed French fries.
I do! A moment of adolescent petulance that apparently lasts well into senescence for these goobers.
You're a disgrace
#PenceKnew
I hope you take Macron's words to heart. He's smarter than the trumpanzee in the WH, and a gazillion times more eloquent.
