A Fascist and a Neo-liberal walk into the White House...
We hate you!! 
- Signed
The American People
القدس عربية وستبقى عربية 
القدس عاصمة دولة فلسطين
Wow you did a lot of talking but really said nothing.  Tell us why you sway back and forth when you’re having a press meeting?  Trying to think of more bullshit, aren’t you?  By the way, the reporter who asked about Cohen has every right to do so.  It was YOU going off the walls
HORMONE TREATMENTS

The use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and oral birth control pills have been linked to breast cancer, due to increased levels of estrogen.....
Tres bien 
A comparison between short and long penis size   ..
BRAVO PRÉSIDENT TRUMP!
.@realdonaldtrump
God bless the both of you
Just say no to Trump and that includes blessing him.
Don’t let him kiss you again. MAGA
Your friend? 
BEST PRESIDENT EVER
Worst president ever
HILLBOTS disguising as Canadians
PATHETIC
You’re probably a foreigner too
A russian
I don't know if you've been keeping up with current events Trump Russia collusion is dead. DNC FBI CIA Clinton Russia collusion is alive.
I don't know if you've been keeping up with current events, 4 former Trump officials have been charged with enough serious crimes to put them in jail for life, and 3 are cooperating to bring down higher level targets.
You're the worst president ever. Congrats!
Cconsidering you said it, it must be true!
emmanuel and angela laugh at you behind your back
Left to right:
-Annoyed
-Trapped
-Bemused
-Literally worried about a comprising tape involving urine
He's not your friend  no one likes you
Dumb
America is in good hands with DT!
Just don’t let him talk you into staying in Syria.
Don't throw him under the bus like you usually do...
Prepare for the word salad folks!
So you actually know that today you are at the White House. Good for you Trump.
Your wife isn’t your friend either.
That moment when your wife resists holding your hand... PRICELESS.  @realDonaldTrump 
My name is Carmelitaaaaaaaaaaaaa

No more Iran deal as it stands. No to Emmanuel Macron.

Most Americans want you nowhere near the country, let alone the White House. GET OUT before you are forced to resign in disgrace! @ShafPatel
Oh really?  Where in the world have you been? Lol
If law enforcement agency's can get their hands on a stingray, what makes you think others don't have access? #theyrelisteningdonny #putyourphonedown
LOL. You nominate Dr. Jackson to head up Veteran Affairs ... BUT YOU DID NOT THINK IT THROUGH, NOW DID YOU.

Now? You blame Democrats. OF COURSE. You ALWAYS HAVE SOMEONE ELSE. This was a ridiculous choice that you made & now it is the Dem's fault?

BLAME GAME POTUS***
#WaffleHouse 

Four POC murdered by a a white Trump-loving teen terrorist.

The attacker was tackled by a black man - a HERO who prevented further carnage.

Trump tweets what's on his mind.

THIS incident has NOT been on his mind.
Why does race have to be brought into this? Heroes come in all colors, shapes and sizes. What happened was tragic and I hope the shooter gets what he deserves. I'd rather Trump not comment than race bait like Obama did.
https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/952931928654729216 … #maga
@realDonaldTrump’s Racism:

The Definitive List

…
Did Macron use crayons or chalk to explain things to you?
Yemen: The man who lost 27 family members in an air strike
#Yemen #StopArmingSaudi #YemenGenocide  #YemenCantWait #3YearsOfWarOnYemen
The lost children, L-to-R: Iman, Ibrahim, Mona, Yaaqoub, Zakariya; (C) Ishaaq, (C, front) Ismail
Ismail, Abdullah's youngest son, who was two years old when he was killed
#YemenCantWait  
#YemenChildren  #Yemen #StopArmingSaudi #YemenGenocide  #3YearsOfWarOnYemen
The family home was completely destroyed

#YemenCantWait  
#YemenChildren  #Yemen #StopArmingSaudi #YemenGenocide  #3YearsOfWarOnYemen
Abdullah's 13-year-old son, Yusuf, in one of the family's two barber shops
#YemenCantWait  
#YemenChildren  #Yemen #StopArmingSaudi #YemenGenocide  #3YearsOfWarOnYemen
Pits stats, not anecdotes.
Post*
Everyone is your friend until they speak the truth.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK MR. PRESIDENT! KEEP DOING A GREAT JOB!!! #MAGA 
Thank You President Trump. .
Mucho hablar sin nada a cambio
Bla,bla, Are they unable to talk English Cabrera/Andriana to much Us Dollars now stay where they belong you can have all your toxic medicine for yourself
Great job President Trump
Thank You President Trump. .
I’m really interested about what’s next from this meeting. The manipulation and influence from the radical Islamic State has spilled over and is present on American soil. What are you going to do about this @realDonaldTrump ?
#ImWithHer

RETWEET IF YOU THINK .@FLOTUS is the most beautiful #FirstLady ever!

.@realDonaldTrump 
.@WhiteHouse
Not even close. Jackie Kennedy, and Michelle Obama, outshine her in every way.

You're doing great with Macron! Melania is looking FIERCE with that outfit! What a GREAT first family we have!
This is how you do a state visit for a foreign leader!!
Mr. Trump, ask Macron about this child named Alfie Evans. He is being held by the UK & refused treatment to save his life despite having Italian citizenship & the Pope wanting him to go to a hospital in Rome. The UK will arrest the parents if they take him. PLEASE, HELP!
You really need to educate yourself, it’s a pity your not bright enough
If you don’t have anything nice to say, just don’t say anything.
Hello hi how are you doing you look do gentle on your profile picture nothing more but to be your friend please write back
He is not your friend. You have no friends!
Literally everyone hates him or is using him for their own gains
Yes! Macron is playing the game and Angela is sitting in Germany laughing.

The middle eastern countries like Iran and Saudi Arabia are using fear and intimidation to conquer over the American Citizens. They are belittling us and putting their wants in front of American citizens needs. It’s disgusting watching it happen @realDonaldTrump !

RUSSIAN HOAX!! 
TRUMP RIGHT FAKE NEWS GOES BONKERS!!! 
PRESIDENT TRUMP HONORS KOREAN WAR VETS AT THE DMZ!! 
WITCH HUNT!! DRAIN THE FBI DOJ SWAMP!!
DECADES OF PRAYER TO JESUS CHRIST TO RAISE UP A LEADER PRESIDENT TRUMP!! 
https://streaming.radio.co/s3bb1534d2/listen …
https://streaming.radio.co/sc96f9f20d/listen …
Merci Trump
No,no and no9637568
Isaiah 41:10
Fear not, for I am with you; Be not dismayed, for I am your #God. I will strengthen you, Yes, I will #help you, I will uphold you with My righteous right hand.’
I'm on board with everything you're saying lady just space it out a little bit go Trump
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
Thank You President Trump. .
You make it look good Donald
But YOU are not Macron's friend.
By the way: Macron wears much better suits than you. And he also is the better President.
Nope. Being a French citizen I can safely say he's about as shitty, albeit presidential
Sorry to hear that. Hoped you guy's were getting off better than us. Surely you're watching ours?
I'm following closely and he's a shit storm. In his stature Macron is def more presidential, but imo he's harming the country as well. That's only my take, you should ask other French people as well! 
Presidential stature what the hell is that that doesn't put meat on a sandwich how about actions you sound like somebody's mom
and you, sir, do not sound like someone I want to have a debate with.
Wall Street Journal struggles to deal as Republican #TaxScam fails to make the economy soar
In last 38 years the Repub Party has set this country back economically to load corporations and the pockets of rich people. Borrowed for it
I'll call BS on that list ... most of those items on that list were signed into law by Republicans/ conservatives ... quit the Russian Bots crap
Well of course you're right. The rest of us are just stupid for being a part of reality
Not in yours I'm sure
He wants US back in the Paris Climate Accord. You are destroying OUR planet! #ClimateChangeIsReal #FirePruitt #EPASupposedToProtectThePlanet #GOPCrooksAndThieves
@realDonaldTrump STAND STRONG on STAYING OUT OF THAT HOAX OF A PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD @EmmanuelMacron wants our money!! Just SAY NO! GOD CONTROLS the CLIMATE.....it’s called WEATHER! Silent MAJORITY and SUPPORT U @POTUS! WE R FIGHTING 4 YOU TO #MAGA #AmericaFIRST #WALL

I don't think Donald Trump drives a monster truck
The man supposedly has billions, and he can't afford a suit with a decent cut.
 
I guess we can be glad it's not open with a red tie hanging over his belt.
Now that's class!

His inauguration, prob. the most important day of his life- does he use a tie tack?
Nope, Scotch Tape.
You must Not be from America this isn't a fashion show its History .
Wealthy man on his most important day,a windy rainy day, uses tape instead of a tie tack?
Come on.The tweet above was they were classy.That is not class.

But you're right, it's not a fashion show.
Of course I recall Obama being attacked on FOX for a suit,Michelle for no sleeves.

Good for u  mr president
America is becoming great as you promised the World .
Thank you President Trump for all you do. @FLOTUS did us all proud.
Your “friend”? I don’t think he likes you very much...
Of course Donald Trump likes him he has to put politics aside when it comes to world leaders
Ini baru , saya senang demgan Anda membicarakan dagang Amin
Please don’t walk out holding his hand when you make the press conference
He had to hold his hand Melania wouldn't

It’s a shame she didn’t want to be touched by you.
You are a tool.

We only want peace in the world
Reading thru all the replies, must be hard to go thru life with so much hate. If your words were as positive as they are negative, you might actually make the world a better place.
FLOTUS Melania Trump looked so beautiful & her stance of Grace & Joy was abundantly clear! I so adore your entire family! Oh yes, our POTUS TRUMP looked marvelously handsome!
.....and acted like a buffoon.
Did he tell you he was your friend?....I doubt it...
Lol too bad Macron thinks and has informed Congress that your policies and beliefs are complete shit.
Mr. President, RESIST NOT BE FOOLED by the european union on the nuclear agreement  whit Iran !! US OUT of the agreement !

Wow you have 1 friend . How many times are you going to tweet that. #YOUARENOTFIT
Clearly the wife of the President of France is jealous! 
How’s come your son Barron is so stupid?
Hello, Hope you have a great day today....
And when you omit Democrats from your expensive State Dinner, you leave out the other half of the United States that they represent. You act like a child, & Macron goes on FOX News. This whole thing is ridiculous.
Solidly with you my President,America deserves d best.#maga
Awesome

Please listen to Marcon. Iran is living up 2 the current agreement and will take 10 years before nuclear weapons development COULD be back. If broken, they can restart the next day. So 10 years as it stands. ZERO YEARS if U break it. USA word & N.Korea? Means nothing as well?
Macron is a smart guy who knows Trump's weaknesses.
#Great!
Oh Donald. You don’t have any friends
Trump said Tuesday he'd understand if W.H. physician Ronny Jackson bowed out, reports the AP. “If I were him … I wouldn’t do it,” Trump said during a press conference. “What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians?” Trump picked him because of his good looks.
Are you discussing your tax scam& tariffs that are destroying worldwide & US economy? Are you talking about sanctions they & the UK invoked against Russia  while you had your flunkie sneak behind our backs & remove RUSSIAN sanctions. You're the laughing stock of the world!
Nope - they're discussing dandruff. Trump isn't interested in what other leaders have to say.
Jealousy

Here's your friend, well you think so anyway..
#PutinsPuppet
Why are you tweeting in the middle of the meetings ? Was it that boring ?
czerwony dom i żydowskich pizd różowych z wyw prl
Leave his body alone. You are such an embarrassment.
Bon travail Monsieur le Président Américaine , Donald Trump , et Monsieur le Président Fr,Emmanuel Macron.
Je vous Félicite beaucoup,pour le travail de la Paix que vous êtes entrains de faire,pour évolution de la Paix à tout le Monde, vraiment je suis contant de vous.
 786 That picture is wrong #1 for best USA Leadership a Blk man must be in that seat as the Wht man can do nothing but lead USA to destruction. #2 As Obama illustrated any Blk man wont do, he must b the 1=me  appointed by G*D. Put USA on the right path 2020
Yes you embarrass him in public such a good friend you are! Seriously stop...you have no clue about how to do this job! Clueless in the WH
Nothing will happen with Iran they are US friend
You should probably go ahead and marry him, ya fruit cake
Ask him what the French Hookers are like!  #pornstarpayment
Praying for you daily!
There's strength in numbers.
Safety in http://numbers.You  are able to change fate of the World. Wonderfull.Thanks of all to you.
Emmanuel Macron hates you.
GREAT VISIT! GREAT WELCOME!

Trump says the dossier is false because he didn't stay overnight in Moscow. But Thomas Roberts, host of that year’s Miss Universe pageant, confirmed that Trump was in Moscow for one full night and at least part of another. https://www.thedailybeast.com/miss-universe-2013-host-thomas-roberts-confirms-trump-stayed-overnight-in-moscow/ …
Dude, you don't have a true friend in the world.....trust me. #sad
So, Trump, are you too (ha ha) “busy” to see that YOU LOST YET AGAIN?
#failingTrump #loserTrump

Federal judge orders government to continue DACA and accept new applicants, in toughest blow yet to Trump’s efforts to end program
Estados Unidos lo mejor, que gran país..

Hahahahaha 

Break the deal with Iran break it now
Ya right... like you have friends!!!
God Bless You President Trump for all you are doing for this Country. American Patriots stand strongly with you!
Actually real patriots resist #grifter
Bravo !!!
لاإله إلا الله محمد رسول الله⁦⁩⁦⁩
UR "friend"? Get it through UR thick delusional skull that world leaders despise U. They only show up via office obligation. Nobody likes U!


Liar.
What loyalty did you promise him, maybe a little money
WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU!!!  AND MELANIA IS PERFECTION.  BE CAREFUL, MACRON IS DEEP STATE.

Talking nothing but S..t as usual Macron looks horrified evry time you
open your mouth. Stop touching him up shows your penchant for men
Iam So Glad Your Meeting With The President Of France Is Going Well
Lots of French kisses and hand holding today......... none from Melania
You should #ResignNOW


Discussions-hot bird...-BIJI
He is a diplomat, not a real friend.
Trump is war mongering fool. He will destroy the USA
Take your hand down, you aren't American and you don't have a heart.

He’s NOT YOUR FRIEND!  Fool
Flint #fixit
Emanuel Rothschild
hello
Это одно хорошее дело.
POTUS, the Iran deal is a good thing. Just because BiBi needs a cat's paw, doesn't mean you need to be it. I liked POTUS 44, because I could sleep at night.  POTUS 37 took POTUS  41's CIA into Iran. So many skeletons doth POTUS carry.
Favorite president? Didn't he squeeze your hand into oblivion last time?
Good luck
C’mon, you don’t have friends!

Could you introduce him to me Mr President.


HRC is the real president

And he is not your friend.
We deplorables have your back
This man is not your friend. He is a Head of State, the President of France and more than your equal. He is your better. Your childish, limited understanding of your position and lack of diplomacy is a constant embarrassment to America and Americans.
Good job! Thank you.
Never had a President..to work so hard.andCare about the People ., God Bless You Mr  President. We Love You and Happy Birthday to Our. Beautiful .First Lady.  Everbody Should support  Him
Because you Benfit from the JobsHe has created for you,


Disgusting display and utter lack of decorum.
Lol, “my friend”. Honestly? How can he help but think anything other than you’re an ignorant buffoon. Once again you embarrassed yourself and America. If nothing else, at least you’ve given him some embarrassing anecdotes he can use about you
Be a good dad to little Manuel 
Did you do his wife yet?

And macron does not agree with you on anything. Try doing the right thing for a change.
I find it hilarious how you believe everyone is your friend
Macron is new world order globalist crony!!! Don’t trust 1 word he says! Exit the Iran deal as it is pure money laundering of American taxpayer wealth! #QAnon #GreatAwakening #MAGA


#AmericaFirst #MAGA
Melania has so much class! Beautiful inside and out!
she's trash. She wasn't very classy in that nude photo up in Trumps plane while he's bragging about screwing her
There's no class. there. She actually sold herself out for an easy ride in life. I wouldn't take that ride. I'd rather be homeless and starving than crawl into bed. with a reptile ugh

It is global pleasure to see the good partnership between president Trump & Macron. It looks diifferent from each other but we can find a kind of harmony of solidarity. In the domestic affairs also,  I hope them to have frutiful consequances respectively.
Just hope both of you will wake up and stop the war in Syria.. my hope is you
World Peace starts in your own back yard, move to the front and your guest know then it's time they all went home. Stand your ground, it's not if I can come there, it's why should I ?

https://twitter.com/ve888888888/status/988998506735161344 …
Good job

He hates you.
Certainly a #historic series of events with #POTUS & #FLOTUS reaffirming the long standing #friendship between #France and the #USA - #ThankYou Mr. & Mrs. President #Macron for visiting #WeThePeople the past few days and may the rest of your travels be safe and fruitful
Hi California visa ands green card my Brther family California
