“He couldn’t take it and left,” Raul Castro says of @VP Pence in Peru, in a dig at Trump admin.
When are we going to get free and fair elections in the US, Mr Pence? You know, without voter suppression and partisan gerrymandering?
Probably when they start convicting Democrats who allow illegals and dead people to vote. Oh yeah now New York is going to allow felons to vote. I guess they figure all criminals are Democrats.
Well we know already that all Republicans are criminals and dopes- only a dope would expect ethical behavior from a guy whose university just settled a $25 million fraud claim and who brags about not paying his taxes. If he can vote we all can!
You know the way the tax laws allowed him to not pay taxes. Let me ask you this. Do you take every deduction that you are allowed?  If you do does that make you a criminal? Let's say you vote Democrat. Is supplying guns to drug cartels illegal? How about telling ILLEGALS to vote?
I don’t lie cheat and steal and brag about it. I haven’t defrauded thousands of people with fake university. I never sexually assaulted anyone, or made fun of the disabled and most important friend, I am not the president
You know that voter fraud crap is bull right doc? Don’t try to pretend your racism is patriotism. It’s just bigotry
Obama sat right on national television and told illegals to vote.
No he really didn’t.
Do not trust Cuba
I call BS.
@CNN_Oppmann I agree with you, I am a Cuban living in Cuba and I am repressed for being an independent journalist and defender of DDHH
And if you think for one second, that Mike Pence or dumbass Donald is going to do anything for you, you are sorely mistaken. They are only out for themselves and will do only what benefits them.
Shit Mike... how about you work on getting US elections on the up and up before you start worrying about the elections of other countries.
Tell them Vice President Pence!!!
Thank u sir for believing in Freedom like me In God We Trust Amen
Hahahahaha... which god?
Gracias Sr Mike Pence por su apoyo al pueblo cubano y en especial a los que queremos democracia y libertades en nuestra patria, estaremos siempre agradecido de qué levantó su voz en exigencias al régimen Castro
Ur deluded if you think Pence or trump will do anything to help you.
Con solo denunciar y NO cooperación es bastante
What about the people of Puerto Rico? Can you do anything but grandstand?
Isn’t there some event you should be walking out of?
Leave the Cuban people alone.
Love this tweet! We need more of these, Mr. Vice President.
Maybe he should focus on free and fair elections right here in the good ol' us of a before interfering in other countries politics? Just sayin'.
He is focused it’s the Democratic Party importing illegals to vote

President-elect in 2024
Goooo #VEEP !!!! 
Wooooo that’s my #VP 
Even the mestizos and Blacks?

#FreeCuba #CubaIibre
He remember how A) he never said that and B) he literally survived 600 assassination attempts from the US. The United States is just the biggest laughing stock man
Perish the thought…
God Bless you and your family.

Hope our 2020 election is free and fair
Cuba did have elections and they are more fair and free than the U.S by a long shot.

If ours were fair your ass definitely wouldn't be vice president.
we have elections in the states and look where it got us
No tiene ni p idea de lo que dice y mucho menos de lo que tendría que haber hecho USA para que este lado del mundo fuera un poco más democrático.
You can't force your beliefs on people through laws, your supposed to acknowledge God and spread his Word, not Force anyone into believing. UnChristian behavior, Your judgement of others IS A GREAT SIN AGAINST GOD. READ YOUR BIBLE, HIS WORDS NOT YOURS. Judgement isn't yours!
Agree with you Mr Pence Cuba is Same with Raul or Not
@Susana_Prichard. To @CNN_Opp my mistake, I did not agree with you.
You are a faithful opposition news commentator with ideas that harm the country. # support the Pressidency. Its good citizenship!
Is this really our VP Pence tweeting?  LOVE IT! #FreeCuba
I did a double take when I saw it, too.

#CubaLibre
What great things?
Classy
Yeah, about as classy as a pay toilet in a diarrhea ward...
Oooh. Look at the veep, throwing shade.  He’s retiring dummy. Unlike senate republicans, most people don’t need to cling to power until their deathbed. You could learn a lot from him.
You mean like Pelosi, Waters, Slaughter, Markey, Leahy, Wyden, Schumer, etc.?  Oh, you were talking about republicans who won't retire, because the noble democrats ALWAYS retire after a couple of terms.
Also, of the 4 democratic senators you name not a single one of them is among the 10 oldest senators.  Maybe do a little research before spouting off.
It doesn't matter the age, unless you are talking about the mentally deficit elderly ones like Pelosi and Waters.   You said the republicans cling to power until their deathbed. I say democrats are doing it, too.
More trite nonsense from the ignorant right.  You’ve added nothing to the discussion here. Bye!
Give em hell, Mike
Oh and let’s not forget Cuba doesn’t have a gun problem and kids don’t get killed in classrooms. In fact, they have 100% literacy rates.
also like, the highest ratio of doctors to people & an overall incredible medical system, something the US really struggles with
http://Therealcuba.com 
what about the literal millions of people in prison in the USA & the even more millions on parole or probation?

naw, you don't have a single care for "political prisoners."
You realize you are not taking to Raul Castro, right?
Don't worry, he'll find out, and get his knickers in a twist like the virtue signalers for communism in the comment section.
How about free & fair elections in CHINA???? Lot more Chinese than Cubans being ruled by a dictatorship.
Fun fact, Cuba doesnt have a stockpile of nukes or a 14 trillion dollar gdp
Invade Grenada, arrest Noriega, pick on Cuba...macho, macho, macho men. 
missed my point entirely, not playing your games to explain.
take care now buh bye!
100% agreed with our VP. The Cuban people deserves to be free...
Cuba is free!
What is wrong with you?
Thank you Mr Vice President. It's surrealistic for the Lima event organizers to have invited free elected leaders & goons of a satrap like Castro to the same table.
Cuba needs your voice loud & clear to contrast the deafening silence of others who rather prop up the regime.
Hey cone head, you have no lessons to teach, you signed an unconstitutional law as governor because you choose your irrational beliefs over the respect of the institutions of your country. Go to hell (I doubt it exists but nonetheless...) 
Please do something to help the people of Puerto Rico instead of all this grandstanding...
US now conducts international diplomacy the way pro-wrestlers do prematch interviews.
You just want another banana republic to exploit. Stop pretending like you care about democracy or human rights.
Can you imagine if President Assad sent twits like this to so many fallen figures in the US Administration?
Hey Raul - looks like you’re the one leaving... and we’re here standing with the Cuban people. And we’re not going anywhere until Cuba has free & fair elections, political prisoners are released & the people of Cuba are finally free! #CubaLibre https://twitter.com/cnn_oppmann/status/986995654454075392 …
straw men
Kinda like the Bushes and Clintons, huh?
Thank you, my president. This transition of power has only one name. Straw doll. On behalf of the people of Cuba, I thank you very much. Those murderers will pay. Hector Tellez.
Las únicas elecciones libres para estos asesinos, son las de su país YANQUE GO-HOME
EL GOBIERNO DE TRUMO ES EL ÚNICO GOBIERNO QUE REPRESENTA UNA AMENAZA PARA LA HUMANIDAD
The only freedom Pence wants is the freedom of USA to take command of Cuba, like they always do, no matter the country or their politics.
Did you mean to say that to @realDonaldTrump  about the American people? 
Completely understand the confusion.
I thought you were out of middle school?
So Trump can’t meet Raul Castro but he can meet a worse dictator from North Korea that had nuclear nukes and has been threatened United States in the past for several times. Uhmm interesting.

Maybe let's work on free and fair elections in the USA, and then start worrying about Cuba, not to mention our 'friends' in Honduras, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Russia. Cold War is over, Mike. Embargo justifies dictatorship and lets them blame all their problems on the US.
Yeah, and elections free of Russian meddling also!
Free Mumia
Tell em Mike!! We won’t stop until we have the freedom of your ports, installed a centralized banking system, and implemented our definition of democracy....no we won’t sleep until we have your freedom! Wait did I say we? I’m meant you....
#CubaLibre that's what it's all about no more Castro dictatorship
He's not leaving Cuba, horse molester.
You realize the US tortures people on colonized land in Cuba?
PUERTO RICO STILL DOESN’T HAVE POWER YOU TOTALLY INEPT REPROBATE!
What are you doing besides continuing 7 decades of surreptitious regime change?
Brilliant! Keep up the great work! #MAGA
@CNN_Oppmann
Speaking of political prisoners, we’ve got a bunch in the land of the free: @MumiaAbuJamal @PeltierHQ and more. Check @Jericho4PPs.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/987078565069033473 … (Ranked 39th for Apr 19.)
Give back Guantanamo, dick
The revolution lives on and is as vibrant and red as ever, imperialism fails again to wreck working class sovereignty in Cuba
Mike, you might want to release political prisoners here and ensure free & fair elections in the US before you go off publicly pontificating to other nations. #USHypocrisy
eat shit
What about closing out #GuantanamoBase  #handsoffCuba #HandsOffSyria Freedom for #AnaBelenMontes

Be gone white devil
Don't you have better things to do with your time, Mr. Vice President?
. @VP You're an asshat. Can't believe you want to go get involved in yet another country that's NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS and would involving breaking a treaty.
You're a stupid fucking 2 year old. Such a shameful embarrassment for the country.
Aren't you sinking as low as @realDonaldTrump with this kind of a tweet? Stay on the high road.
We need FREE AND FAIR ELECTIONS IN THE USA. Rumor has it that Pence has connections to America.
Who cares about Cuba.  America First. Build the wall
You should try some of that Life, Liberty & Happiness at home, you vanilla Hypocrit.!


What prisoners? Name them?
No the trump admin hasn’t helped a single person in Cuba nor Puerto Rico
Free and fair elections? Like your buddies Putin, Duterte, and Erdogan have in their countries?  You are disgusting.
60 years already and they keep this senseless system. International community is aware of this and they express their worries but nobody does anything to restore democracy in Cuba. I’m afraid this is going to be the destiny of Venezuela as well 
That's not our affair
sut da fuq up ya dumbo
When voting requires ID like everything else.
When are you going to say that to Russia? I fair and free elections don't matter as long as they help you win your election.
Most likely after they say it to Soros/Clinton/DNC. There's actual proof there, as opposed to the Russia Russia Russia nonsense.
Stand proud, do the right thing and thank you VP Pence!
Don’t even think about it! You have no right to intervene in Cuba’s affairs. You have no right to interfere anywhere on this planet! You can’t even do right by the people who live under your boot! Knock it off! The rubber band is about to snap!
What are you going to do about AMERICA not having free and fair elections.

Face facts, Pence, there's no way you would be where you are today without Russian meddling.

HYPOCRITE.
More illegal immigration is not good for the USA. What is good for the #USA is for certain select countries to become US states and all of the people living there becoming US citizens; an example of one such country is #Cuba 90 miles from #USA
That's a good point.
Cuba Libre!
Why not ATTACK Cuba with free wifi and boxes of devices?
Thank you for being positive Vice President Pence.
Hardly standing with the Cuban people. They like U.S. visitors and your @StateDept is limiting individuals from such visits. You've shuttered the Embassy, hurting Cubans seeking visas. Yet you allow monster cruise ships to invade Cuba, unrestricted-- their fees direct to gov't.
The Restorative POTUSDJT http://misblitz1.wordpress.com/2018/04/20/the …

What are you even talking about?
Puerto Rico is still devastated and could use power and money to rebuild hey, why doesn't the @GOP use Trump's wall millions for them?
Free and fair elections like the Russian/ Putin imposed election that got you and goat boy elected???

That was NOT free and DAMN SURE WAS NOT FAIR!!!
Dear Mr. VP...in order to tweet like your boss, you need to address the person you are talking to with a nifty name.  I.e. Hey Raul, you fathead...Hey Raul...you momma's boy...I will hit you so hard you will wind up in Puerto Rico...and you don't want to be there...
Hey Pence shut the hell up!

Hey Mikey! Are you trying to tweet like Trump? That’s cute, in a pathetic way.
Thank you I am a Cuban dying to see my home land again only if that regime of oppression is gone The Castro destroyed 4 generations of Cuban people scared us all over the world it’s time we get back to our mother land and get her into the 21 st century Free if oppression
Gusano scum.
Good luck my friend praying for you and helping all the non Chavenista who scape Maduro and Chavez here in the great country USA
Mr.Vice President Pence
Thank you for staying true to your faith. It shows in your countenance. And your steadfast service in all the turmoil around you. Thank you. God bless you and your family. God bless America.
So are you gonna be letting out all your innocent prisoners too Mikey? Maybe all those political prisoners in jail for crimes the US government faked? Hm? Oh right, American's are complete hypocrites.
How come you’re okay with China? #Hypocrite
Well mr. Pence you are starting to talk like your boss have never heard you say something like hey Raul. Everything that is bad about Trump is rubbing off on you and you already had enough of your fake issues of Evangelical goodness.
"we’re not going anywhere until Cuba has free & fair elections,  political prisoners are released & the people of Cuba are finally  free!"
Which is another way of saying "Until America and it's corporations take over your country and our jackboot is on your neck". #HandsOffCuba
Does this mean you will be restaffing the US Embassy in Havana?
The people of Cuba are free, "of capitalism!"
USA MUST NOT RECOGNIZE THE NEW GOVERNMENT PLACED BY FINGER BY DICTATOR RAUL CASTRO, USA MUST BREAK RELATIONS WITH CUBA UNTIL THERE IS DEMOCRACY IN THE ISLAND.
There is lmfao.
You are a weak little man that uses white supremacy to bully others. YOU SIR ARE A SHAME, A SHAM AND A DEFICIT TO HUMANITY.

I hear all these complaints about America doing something for Puerto Rico.  Can someone tell me the amount of money that the United States has given?
Taunting Puerto Rico's neighbor right now is a noble look, sir. Well done.
Oh, you'll be going somewhere, Mikhail.
It’s coming Mike, your lame duck presidency is about to begin!.
Somehow after every hurricane they clean up quickly and get back normal life, while Puerto Rico continues to suffer. This sounds like you got your feeling hurt, so you have say something to look tough
I thought it was "America First" and that the US was isolationist and staying out of others business???
Words, words, words as usual. It  is enough of speech. Do something, be serious. Stop words
“looks like you’re the one leaving...”

Trust me - this will not age well.
Anyone standing with foreigners should move there.
Yo "Pus_y" pence...the vast majority of Americans can't wait for you and the SOB trump to leave..more aptly thrown out.
How about standing for "free & fair" elections here in the US??!?

I didn't think so.
Not our problem American taxpayers have enough on their plate without Cuba stop giving Cuba anything let Zerobama support them
Spicy VP Mike! I like it.
Quit talking school yard bully like trump
"Free & fair"??? Kind of like U.S. elections? #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime #GOPhypocrites
Hahahahahahahaha
Mr. Vice President, what do you actually know about the Cuban electoral process that isn’t merely received wisdom from enemies of their revolution?
VP talking hugely about Cuba...in other news, Puerto Rico still largely without power.
Instead of worrying about Cuba’s political process, why don’t you worry about it’s Caribbean neighbor’s electrical problems that Puerto Rico is having almost a year now after the hurricane? It’s actually part of the U.S. and you’ve done nothing about it.
Imperialist
THANKS MR PENCE
Speaking of free & fair elections, your party wants to restrict voting hours, require voter IDs for people that have no access to them, and gerrymander the hell out of districts -- all to keep the GOP in power.
Now I see why Trump picked you as VP. Your ego is as fragile as his. Allowing an insignificant minor leaguer to get your goat. Shame on all of you. Grow up. You are the VP of the US.
Hey @VP- why not try freeing our own political prisoners? #HermanBell #LeonardPeltier #MumiaAbuJamal
Good talk
Any student of history with any measure of objectivity can see through the cynicism and dishonesty of such a ridiculous pronouncement.
Also free and fair elections got us Trump and Pence, so...
Spoken by a member of the administration that supports dictators everywhere. As long as they are right wing dictators
That’s the spirit!
The new President of Cuba was Raul's Vice President you vapid theocrat
Cool! Does that include any of the Guantanamo prisoners, Mike?
@CNN_Oppmann he's an old man and their era has ended time to move on and firward
Pretty weak, Mike. The Castro's outlasted presidents and vice presidents a hell of a lot stronger than you since the 1960s. He's leaving for old age.

You would have more dignity by just keeping your mouth shut.

Just a reminder that Cuba is probably the greatest example of resistance to American Imperialism. 

Despite decades of embargo, international propaganda, and assassinat…
He is leaving, because he wants 
to. The Cuban people in Cuba.
Do not want Americans interfering 
in their affairs. Like we always do.
No election should be ratified unless Trump's owner Putin ratifys it

#PutinsBitch
Mike shut ya hypocritical 7th heaven  up!
AMEN!!!

Bingo! You're doing a fine job, Mr. Vice President.
Yeh, stay there. Heavens knows we wouldn't want another 11 refugees from anywhere in  OUR country. Notice the emphasis on our? Ass.
And your our VP, oh please the Castros are tyrants who enslave their people who could care less about you and 45! Don’t  play with my peoples emotions
You don’t stand with Puerto rican ( American) people, how can you stand with Cuban or Iranian people ? Stop political BS
Лицимерные уроды
I hope this never happens to you mike...
While your enthusiasm for freeing Cuba is appreciated, Cuba was freed in 1959, so you don't have to worry
The leader theybhabe had had not been freedom!!! #idiot
Amen!
Thanks VP for once again stating words in support of Cuban Freedom, & saying that truth to Raul Castro & the communist dictatorship in Cuba which remains unchanged. See the correct order of steps was inverted now, rmbr pls, democratic methods don't work under tyranny, only after.

Oh my! Kindergarten all over again! Is mother proud of her little boy?
For all the liberal ignoranti here complaining about conservatives impeding free and fair elections. You guys live for the right to grant anyone the right to vote  (citizenry not required) as long as they vote for your agenda.
Yeah! And Guantanamo is closed too
Didn't we sponsor South American dictatorships in the Cold War?
WTG VP Pence!!! It's about time the world is cleaned of it's tyrannical governments and swamps!
Excellent tweet! Do you think THIS new COMMUNIST President will take back all the Cuban prisoners Castro released from their prisons to wreak havoc on Americans? Castro’s refused to take them back. We’re tired of feeding & housing their criminals. Obama had 200 waiting to return.
You go Vice President!!! 
We don't need any more of you "christian" pedophiles in office...

Hey Pence... can you try and get some of that stuff for America? Thanks.

yeah, send Kris Kobach down there to show them about free and fair elections
