But let's not outlaw assault weapons.
how do u know an assault weapon was used? How do u know shooter legally got weapon?
assault weapon was used. Just confirmed. I live in Orlando 15 minutes away.
the shooter was on  a terror watch list but had a gun permit. This is insanity.
How about not taking all guns away but banning high velocity assault weapons?
what does marriage have anything to do with Murdering people? Nothing!
Please tell me how you are not telling her what is acceptable to think and not think
Another liberal that decries stereotypes as you use them against those who disagree with you
Marco, I know he's rough around the edges, but can you please understand, he will protect USA from this. She won't. She doesn't.
The shooter was an AMERICAN CITIZEN allowed to buy a gun. How in the Hell will Trump stop this?
He will not keep his head in the sand when the FBI labels someone on the watch list. They knew he was a threat.
AND HE WAS STILL ALLOWED TO BUY A GUN. "not hide his head in the sand" is not an answer. What will he do?
Of course,he pretended to be an American &enjoy OUR rights.To kill us!& ppl like you claim he's a true American
HE WAS BORN HERE. Seriously.
I am not talking about his citizenship, his idealism killed Americans. Enough already. Don't GAF where ur born
An American killed Americans. Just like Roof, Mason, Bundy, Rodger, Lanza, Holmes, Klebold, Harris...
49 Americans were murdered in your state on your watch and you have decided to do nothing.
Conservative? You want to conserve the unborn & what about the living?all people can hold guns but gays should not marry? Scum
if u really cared, y don't u acknowledge the sit in by peaceful protesters asking u 2 do something about recent violent attacks
shut up.
say a prayer, kill a bill.
but arent you in the way of gay adoption
why is the response always to pray it away? Its NOT working. How about BANNING assault rifles?
is not the gun is the human that hate and pull the trigger.
agreed. I own a hand gun & 2 shot guns but no ASSAULT rifles. They only belong in the hands of the military.
AR-15 is not an assault rifle.  AR stands for "Armalite rifle" , is a hunting rifle semiautomatic.
we care more about BIRDS than we do human life.AN AR 15 with HIGH capacity mags is an assault rifle.
apparently you don't know anything about weapons. Assault rifle is an automatic weapon, military Used only, banned for civilians.
I served for 12 years, I used them for their designed purpose. To kill  humans. This BS of hunting...ya hunting human beings.
don't know what branch u serve; again an AR15 even w/ high capacity is still a semiautomátic not military grade.
Stop fucking praying and DO SOMETHING
No need to swear.
Thanks for the prayers but what we really needed was your action in the vote to tighten gun laws.
you're one of the biggest #hypocrites in the senate. You'll keep praying because you're certainly not doing anything else.
please try to be a person and not an embarrassment... Peace and love.
prayers are impressively unimportant to dead people and their families. Actions (preventing future attacks) are more important.
Prayers yes, but something real like voting to keep guns out of terrorist hands? Not so much... #ShameonYou #ShameOnRepublicans
This statement is bullshit. If U actually CARED even an iota, U would be lobbying for stricter gun laws. Blood is on your hands.
no comment senator Rubio? Do the world a favor and retire young.
we've seen conservative prayers for the LGBT community, you shameless phony.
Don't act like you care. You openly don't support the LGBT community, and are doing nothing about gun safety. 
hey guess what? Prayers won't fix this why don't you actually do something? Oh wait you don't like showing up to work
but you voted down a bill to prevent terrorists from owning guns soooooo...
Pretending to care? Your rhetoric regularly dehumanizes the LGBT community and you're surprised when someone takes their lives?
"The LGBT community" dehumanizes themselves by calling themselves "the LGBT community". THEY are HUMAN BEINGS.
U know what really helps? Gun laws not coward GOP false prayers
what is the price NRA pays u? Dont say pray for those in Orlando when u suck NRA dick! U coward
instead of prayers you #hypocrite you should have voted to pass real gun laws to prevent this from happening again #NRApuppet
Action is needed, not just prayers.
We don't need prayers... we need tougher gun laws and a new senator for our state of FL!
...you should be ashamed of your vote yesterday #guncontrol and your prayers wouldn't be needed
YOU HAD A CHANCE TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT BEYOND PRAYERS AND YOU DIDN'T DO IT. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF.
they don't need your prayers. They need your damn vote.
.@marcorubio
your prayers mean precious little when you vote against keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists. #VoteThemOut #SenateCoward
LOL at your vote THO. No wonder you couldn't cut it as president.
Why are you praying when you voted to reject common sense gun laws? Because of you, this WILL happen again
you can keep your prayers. You refuse to do anything to stop such senseless acts when you have the power to do so. #SHAME
#NRAOwned
Your prayers aren't needed. Your vote against sensible gun laws proved how little you care. #StandWithOrlando #GunSense
how dare you voted against gun control law. Does the #nra have that much control over you?
Shame on you. No one wants your fucking prayers. We want action and you failed.
save your prayers, make a change. No more guns in the hands of the mentally ill or known terrorists.
New rule: You don't get to pray until you've done your job and passed an effective gun bill.
your a disappointment to FL. Let someone else sit in you're seat. People that you represented died. #shameful
You ARE the problem
How dare you say you're praying for them and then block a bill that could prevent this tragedy from occurring again. Disgusting.
you don't get to give your prayer you voted for terrorists to have guns. #despicable #Enough
yet you vote NO on the common sense gun bills put in front of you this very same week. Coward! Shame on you!
how can you vote to keep letting terrorists get guns? You don't care about Floridians !
Prayers are not enough. We need action and yesterday you failed your state and country. Contributions more imp than lives 4u. 
thx for not stand up for your ppl and voting against terrorists buying guns. Don't act like you care about the Orlando victims
Too bad your votes aren't with Central FL.
#votethemout
aaaaand you voted against no fly no buy....tell that to the families
.@marcorubio except your vote today will result in more of this: http://abcnews.go.com/US/son-collapses-tears-funeral-mother-protected-bullets-orlando/story?id=40002083 … #hypocrite
.@marcorubio Prayers do nothing. I will use every right as a citizen to vote you and everyone like you out of the US senate. #DisarmHate
Man, you are a pretty huge threat. Can we hug this out?
you'll pray after the fact but take no real action at future prevention. What a swell guy. #DisarmHate
.@marcorubio There is blood on your hands and on the hands of every other GOP lawmaker who rejected the gun control measures. #DisarmHate
.@marcorubio I hope you wake up one day and realize what a huge mistake you made, but it's already too late. 49 people are dead.#DisarmHate
.@marcorubio I am really ashamed and angry. Don't you ever again say that you're an Ally of the LGBTQ+ community. #DisarmHate
.@marcorubio If your "prayers" were REALLY with the victims of Orlando, you would NOT have voted against gun control measures. #DisarmHate
That one vote was a game-changer
Prayer does nothing you spineless fool, do something real!
And yet you voted AGAINST expanded background checks. You are some kinda stupid. And even worse, some kind of immoral...shame!
You had the power to do more than pray today, and you FAILED. The LGBT community will #RememberinNovember
it was orlando's turn.
Keep your damn prayers and do something substantial. Like realize how important it is to treat gay people like humans.
You're a puppet for the NRA.
clearly just your prayers. Not your vote or anything that would actually prevent tragedies like this
Little Marco has DONE NOTHING in 6 years, can't expect him to do something now. GO AWAY Marco, Florida deserves better than you
delete you account! That's what you did for the Orlando victims. Deleted what happened. Don't you have kids. Answer is easy
your prayers are not going to help anyone. However your vote against gun control will insure more ppl are shoot. Go away
Screw your prayers. Show some spine against the NRA. It's not too late to show actual courage and leadership.
thoughts and prayers only go so far. Your vote today could have saved lives!!! Way to go!
Are you kidding me with your prayers!  U should all be ashamed of yourself for not going against the NRA!  How many have to die!
James 2: 17 So also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead.
Where are your actions? You just aided in the next mass shooting. I hope you feel real good about your NRA lined pockets.
not our votes though?
Do something!!!
Unfortunately there'll likely be more praying in the future thanks to dickheads like you blocking progress in ending gun problem
Today you voted against expanding background checks for gun sales. How many have to die before you do the right thing? #disgrace
and yet this is how you vote for expanding background checks for all gun sales
But not your actions, right?  We need more than prayers, Senator.  We need someone with the guts to fight for us, not the NRA.
more than prayers, #CommonSenseGunLaws are needed. WHY did you vote against expanding background checks??!!!
what's the point of "thoughts and prayers" if you do nothing about it? Shame on you, Marco. Shame on your partisan politics.
Prayers are not working with your #NRA $$ @marcorubio Shame on you.
how can you get away with sharing any condolences and vote to keep guns in the hands of terrorists? #hypocrite
DO YOUR JOB! NRA BLOOD SUCKER!
delete this tweet, how disrespectful of you to have this up and do what you did today. 49 lives in your state were lost!! #fail
What a bigot. You just voted against a law that could prevent this from happening again.
If you cared you would have voted to DO something about it.
Prayers aren't going to stop the killings.  It's time for action.
HYPOCRITE! You're going to 'Pray' for the victims of this mass shooting but vote NO on a bill to keep it from happening again!?
loser
Saw u voted AGAINST common sense gun control today! ur prayer means NOTHING. Grow a set Senator! Go stand ifo those families now
@marcorubio
no they aren't.
#enough prayers - MORE ACTION! shame on you Senator for supporting terrorism #DisarmHate
And then you vote down to save lives. How dare you. #DisarmHate
@Alasscan_ @marcorubio #DisarmHate Said he would not seek reelection! Liar! Regret he flew on Air Force one! Needs NRA $ to run!
VOTE FOR SOME GUN CONTROL YOU INCOMPARABLE ASS.
stop praying and do something for a change.
Today, you failed to limit the ability of terrorists to buy guns like those used to in Orlando. Proud? #DisarmHate
but the money is with the gun lobby and you need the money. Your words are hollow and hypocritical.
But your actions are with the guns. You can stop this but today you chose not to. You shame our country and your office.
I'm glad to see you stood up for the victims and voted like a typical suck up
yet you vote against expanded background checks. Tool.
Prayers are not #enough. It's shameful that you voted against expanding background checks. #Orlando
why are you against #GunControl but FOR regulating womens reproductive system? Surely living people have more rights than guns?
ISIS isn't using planes to kill Americans. They're buying semi automatic guns LEGALLY here!
#DisarmHate
While @NRA was blocking action in Congress, Al-Qaeda told would-be terrorists to exploit the terror gap. #DisarmHate
enough prayers... TAKE ACTION!! #EndGunViolence #OrlandoUnited #OrlandoStrong Vote YES!
Please vote YES to Feinsteins gun bill and YES to Murhpy's bill on gun control. I am a constituent 32708 and this is IMPORTANT!
We need you to do your JOB and take action, vote YES on Gun Control Measures, #Orlando will hold you accountable. #orlandounited
Your prayers are ineffective. Vote to#disarmhate @Bradybuzz
support gun control. Your prayers are meaningless
you have blood on your hands coward
Pray for a leader to help change the gun laws.
How can you tell the taxpayers there is nothing you can do about gun laws. How do you justify getting paid by taxpayers.
try doing something about it? #DisarmHate & vote for universal background checks & @SenFeinstein 's bill.
Proud of what you have stood for, and your achievements my man, hope Cubanisimo Vineyards gets a visit from you someday!
your prayers are not needed from the likes of you . your hateful rhetoric & endorsing trump. GO AWAY
please run for president again for we the people
would you pls get back in president race please !!!!!!!
not ok with one of my FL senators placing an assault weapon in the hands of people on a no fly list.  STOP facilitating murder
I think it's time for you to explain to us why people on the terrorist watch list should be able to legally buy assault weapons.
Do yourself a favor watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maIqBhtTxrQ … wanna do something start from here.
I am a constituent of yours and I asking you to support gun legislation.  My children and yours too deserve a safer country.
prayers won't do shit.
maybe we should have gun control????
prayers don't stop hate filled people from buying guns and killing. enough is enough. we need change NOW. #gunvotemonday
You are responsible of their deaths, stop acting like you care and maybe actually vote rightfully next time.
calling your office - no one answers; #EnoughGunViolence #TakeAStand against #gunviolence support legislation to close loopholes
You'll pray for people you won't protect and don't want to be allowed to be married? You're a hypo-christian. Don't run again.
my heart goes out for your state all the more reason you need to help reunite the party so we can deal with these problems
shove your fake concern about what Muslims believe we have on record what you think of us..and shocker it's not supportive.
Mr Rubio, we were counting on you as the voice of reason, so disappointed that you are supporting Trump!
Prayers do nothing. Try legislation, terrible senator and awful presidential candidate.
You're words ring as hollow as you're actions . The @GOP has never cared for the LGBT people . Quit kneeling before the @NRA
Stop praying and actually do something, you're the one in power so fucking use your power to stop this from ever happening again
I sure as hell hope u donated blood as well especially after all the hate & opposition U & ur Party gave to #LGBT community.
you should be held responsible for what happened in #Orlando after your voting record.  #Enough
We want you as @PresidentRubio
so what are you going to do to stop it from happening again  ?
thoughts & prayers are no longer enough. Be #OrlandoStrong & #OrlandoUnited and do something. #gunviolence
i have to say for 1st time i liked what you said...ur nothing like Trump and wish you had beat him...thanks for ur kind words...
We couldn't hear your prayers yesterday--you were drowned out by the righteous sound of United States Senators DOING THEIR JOB.
Will you met with the survivors to explain lack of courage at all levels of gov't to the #NRA? Or was it just a matter of time?
That you then turn around and try to capitalize on. Bigot.
.@marcorubio You offer prayer yet proposed to nominate SCOTUS judges to overturn Gay Marriage & roll back LGBTQ Protections. Feel good now?
Save your prayers, little Marco.  They seem to be escalating the violence.  How about gun reform??!!
they don't need your prayers. they need you to vote for ENDA they need u to vote for a gun control
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/marco-rubio-prepares-break-his-word?cid=sm_fb_maddow …
We have offered too many prayers and thoughts yet it still happens. Do you realize how it is not #Enough ?
your prayers are meaningless, we need action
this tragedy should be on your conscience.
we don't need prayers. We need change. We need Universal Background Checks on all gun sales.
we don't want your prayers bigot! You and the GOP homophobia make you no better than Omar Mateen.
Prayers are not enough.  Stand up and do what's right.  Florida needs gun laws.  Licensing & registration is a start.
take action and start standing up for lgbt rights and protections not only when they are being mass murdered
You don't care. Now you're running again. Phony liar
Bigot! Your religion is killing people!

https://criticalthought.me/story/guns-dont-kill-people-religions-kill-people/ …
we don't want your prayers, we want you to get stand up and fight for us like you're supposed to. We want solutions not prayers
do NOT give us your prayers if you REFUSE to prevent this. Do NOT give us our prayers if you're not willing to help us
Your actions would be better. #MakeItStop #GunControlNow #filibuster #HoldTheFloor
