@RebelBrownCoat Illiberal Leftists that couldn't give us a honest accounting of what happened 10 min. ago will tell different
Order #Trump FREE T-Shirt http://bit.ly/2fXK1CV 

#TrumpPresident #TrumpTrain
Little Marco, are you not part of the swamp your leader wishes to change?
POT CALLING THE KETTLE BLACK ??  GOP ,TRUMP, PENCE  Amercian terriorist to our Country  you all should be ashamed ....
I'm sure Ted Cruz dad would agree!
We need 2 stop giving Cuban immigrants special status when they come here. Treat them like every1 else now.
this is exactly what title IV-D does in the USA but you choose to ignore it. Why Marco?
Castro was a disgusting murderer! May he rot in hell
Hey Marco! Cubans fleed Cuba because American embargo made life impossible in that country, quit your nazi-style propaganda
Important keep open'g relations with Cuba-not go back 2 failed policy of denying reality.Not want dictators-what bout Putin?
MAGA foreshadows ethnic cleansing. Feel secure b/c our government is structured w/checks & balances? So did 1930s Germany!
History will also remember that the previous regime was US backed and way worse.
@jaketapper Just like Trump!
maybe if Trump is a "revolutionary" in the mold of Fidel you'll like.
Trump is the US Fidel Castro!
I'm assuming that you are being sarcastic...
Being factual.
really? How so?
Both pro Russia, pro State run media, pro propaganda, both anti US government, on and on.
I suggest you up your meds. Your current dosage isn't working.
@REVRAH 
Cuanta razón. Y que poca hombría para decir lo mismo por parte de políticos, periodista, etc, etc,.

Castro no angel, but Batista B4 him was the truly brutal one. Learn yor history. Average Cuban much better iff under Castro.
please contact me Senator so we can stop the USA Dads from misery and death.
@veganvecoh TOO much on Castro- does not deserve all the press!  Misery is forever his- in hell!  God is Just!
@veganvecoh amen
He just followed the role and methods of a communist leader - all, starting Lenin, the same nothing unique.
alot like the pain and suffering that trump,pence, you and GOP are planning to inflict to the people of the US ??
@85thLegislature . And Marco Rubio will be remembered as man who lost dignity and soul to Trump
@RebelBrownCoat We must be vigilant.
not to the patriot @ColinKapernick
@dkdk459 lol and our PM is grieving this murderer ..that how out of touch Truedeau is...totally phased out..how embarrassing
Could u at least spell Trudeau correctly! And you love Trump !
oh..yes I love Trump...a real leader..
@SydneyCarton1 this first paragraph isn't even true. I got bored after that.
obviously any reading bores you.  It shows.
I know it's not true because of things I've read in numerous other places.
you should expand your reading beyond poorly xeroxed pamphlets handed out on the street corner .
he says after enquiringly about where I learn about the world.
I have 2 jobs, didn't say anything about how awful my country is, and not really a socialist. 0/3 well done.
ok, so maybe I'm a socialist. 1/3. I'm not one for labels though.
GOD DON'T LIKE UGLY AND WILL PREVAIL !!!
glad someone brought this up
theyll remember you as an ineffectual senator who came in 6th place to Donald trump meaning history won't remember you at all
- @marcorubio What do you make out of the people who believe Castro was good?
and you are a Hypocrite that sold out don't point fingers
se Sam konnen
@crabracer But South African government considers him a hero. ...
Castro, Stalin, Mao, PolPot, Mugabe, ZANC & EFF r birds of a feather, terrorists at heart and killers to boot
it must be something in the water
still more popular in Merica than any Trump.
My dog is more popular than Trump, but this is about the Castro regime and Cuba.
Putin is more popular with the GOP than Trump.Pretending to be upset over Castro is comical. But entertaining.
Putin isn't popular with real conservatives. Trump is a Marxist like Castro. Marco is Cuban. He's not pretending
Marco has working tirelessly against Cuba, for he knows 1st hand abt the HR atrocities committed by Fidel.
I hope your last paragraph means standing with them for a peaceful change to democracy & not another forced regime change
@col_nj I'll remember him as a baseball player who didn't make it. Kinda like that failed painter in Austria, but lazier.
@col_nj not obamas history lessons
@MaryAKoontz We're from that part of the world & thank God we are here in this nation w Patriots & MrTrump Castro Dictator
@Patriot_Voices Yeah well...so was Nelson Mandela...but we glorify him too...
The dead are gone...,the living are hungry mr ice cream man... !
Končno nekaj  pametnega od Rubia!
@AriFleischer Not if the liberals write it
@SophieNLucy Didn't Castro go America first but was shunned by the US President who supported the murderer Batista?
So he's absolved of murdering over 85,000 people over the past 50 some years? #confused
As opposed to 120,000+ in East Timor thanks to Kissinger or the thousands of disappeared in Chile.?.
@Sassy__Gal is this the Middle East's example of best practices in Governance? Consequence? Exodus or invasion? Assimilate?
kinda sorta like what's happening here in Dakota....Right? And how you all are ignoring it!!! Right
The slaughter of Millions of people by your   warmongering country is what history will remember. Hypocrite,shame on you.
@AriFleischer And what do you think Donald Trump will do in the USA?
@CultureShocksUS Only if we push against the lies of the liberals who want to worship this evil bastard.
@TeamMarcoCA The Devil called his contract! Now it's Raul's turn! Proud Cuban here enjoying today's event
brave Marco you wrote exactly who was Fidel Castro and because don't end Cuban problem yet
@jaketapper Careful Jake. Andrea Mitchell is very emotional about this.
@AriFleischer thank you. The statement places light on the awful of #FidelCastro
pandering much? I think I might remember him for Cuba's 99% literacy rate. Very complicated legacy. Pros and cons.
the book of life is the only interm history be not self omitted
@RichardGrenell
Beware those who praise him, in the EU, UK, Mexico, or in the U.S. They would oppress you & rob your liberty.
@dkdk459 Why did people die trying to escape What a bunch of true history buffs on here
@bartmckinley 
About Castro, Let God be the judge of all and each of us about what, and how we conduct our businesses
Ceausescu's murderous regime also inflicted misery and suffering on his people. Sent tens of thousands to forced labor camps
@raymondarroyo YES! For all CUBAN'S ,such as yourself,and FAMILY, REMEMBERS!!!!
Thank you for saying what were all thinking.
@AriFleischer Absolutely. Thank you, Marco for the truth
Whose history? Yours? You writting those awful bogus history books again?
.@SenRubioPress @C4Constitution Agree he oppressed Cuba for 60 yrs
"He seized power to bring freedom and prosperity to Cuba" - I hope Americans really read that & take it to heart.
@N_i_c_k_18 Obama says otherwise
@daxtonbrown I temporarily suspend despising you for #GangOf8 to support our mutual hatred of a bloodthirsty tyrant.
No it won't because liberals write the history books.
nice eulogy.  Good job not including parallels to Obama or the capitulation of Carter.
#leadership
@MattBlunt and you, how would they remember you, spine less, GOP's pee on.And you are fricking proud of that#whereisyourPride
with Obamas executive orders doesn't that make him a dictator? A pen and a phone is all he needs.
Your boss is not far behind. He will try to outdo Fidel but fail in all his attempts.
Sanctions are 2 be blamed, Castro was not exemple of dem but his people r educated, many dictators keep $ people left w 0
@AriFleischer Unless #revisionists have their way. I'm so sad for a generation who wasn't raised by #GreatestGeneration
chingame papi
Kinda like what's happening to the USA under the Trump regime?
@EricaANjax 
Compare @SenRubioPress release on Castro to White House's euphemistic tripe:
Contrast and compare:
Rubio also managed to write a statement that didn't brag about his endorsements. Quite a skill.
He makes it seem effortless, yes. ;-)
The world must not miss the opportunity Cuba has right now to get rid of Raul and the heavy hand of dictatorship for good
@jaketapper history will remember Castro as a man who had cojones. seriously.
is trump's legacy gonna be any better? Stay tuned to find out!
@jaketapper 2. but that's where the comparison ends. Fidel Castro was a committed leader to his people and country. trump??
will you also honour thousands killed or disappeared under the 7 years of batista's brutality? bastista gave birth 2 #castro.
@jaketapper  1. &a revolutionary who was a cultural hero to the disregarded poor, uneducated & disadvantaged. sound familiar?
hypocrite
Yes,if we have no freedom,we have nothing! We wish peace and freedom for all people around the world!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_INvcDB_v-E …
@jaketapper well said
White Cubans will for sure..Half the world doesn't feel the same way
@JammieWF That won't be the case if Progressive/Liberals have opportunity to rewrite history!
@jaketapper be quietv little Marco
WELL SAID MARCO
Thank you the only true statement! You should have been president btw. You were the only good candidate.
The US is perfecting all these evils in the Middle East. Your dictatorship is no different.
@Ostrov_A Bollox
For minorities the same can be said for AMERICA prior 2 1965 but she changed for the better. Look 2 the future
Appallingly how many MSM strive to report 'balance' on Castro's life. He was a monster w/ no redeeming qualities.
@jaketapper Donald Trump is about to do the same to us and you support him...kind of.
@jaketapper exactly.
#burninhellfidel
greatest joke of the day! Let's speak of your presidents now...
History will remember on going tyranny over DC citizens by USCongress is evil, inflicting misery&suffering on DC's own people
Castro isn't the only dictator in the hemisphere. USCongress needlessly forbids all free&fair legislature elections in DC.
No need for @SenRubioPress to hypocritically criticize dictator like Castro, when SenRubio as dictator over DC citizens forbids #DCstatehood
DCcitizens will always be grateful for fear of Fidel Castro forcing JimCrow/GOP to allow  1964&1965RightsAct & insulting #23A
But as fear of Castro wained, JimCrow/GOP gutted 1965 VotingRightsAct, & still forbid US democracy in DC via #DCstatehood.
With Castro's death, expect JimCrow/GOP to sharply further expand VoterSuppression, to nullify US elections &outlaw democracy
History will remember USCongress criminalized local DC funded needle exchange, needless HIV infecting & likely killing >1200.
History will remember tyrant over DC citizens @SenRubioPress hypocritically kept tyranny over DC, while attacking tyranny in Cuba & HongKong
The history of The winners, your history. But not the history of the people.
My heart if full and tears following for the people of Cuba! Viva Cuba Libre!!
Why did people risk their lives leaving Cuba then? I'm genuinely curious.
lee
Good riddens to bad rubbish!!!
But is there any doubt that Obama will send someone to the funeral of HIS new ally?!?
unfortunately
At first I thought you were talking about yourself
how ironic! I bet same will be said of Trump. And you supported him!
just like you and people of your party, with poverty, deseases and a nuclear weapons.
@RaymondArroyo have Americans forgotten all the makeshift boats of people streaming unto our shores to escape? God help us.
Depends whether the Left are still writing history in years to come. No doubt they will.
Obama's visit to pander Castro's brothers FAILED badly. They said they didn't respect the son of a "whore." BHO & Cuba gone.
worry about your own country which is disgraceful
@jaketapper History will show that you and the GOP are cowards with no moral compass or Patriotic values Party BEFORE Country
the garbage that you spit out. Why don't you actually speak to Cubans and all don't feel that way. Typical American propagand
@jaketapper  But Obama will send a representative not caring that actions like this cost Democrats the election.  #neverlearn
This is how you do it, @CanadianPM.
HISTORY WILL REMEMBER HIS AS OUR LEADER, A BRAVE MAN WHO STOOD UP AGAINST INJUSTICE WHILE HISTORY WONT REMEMBER YOU FUCKFACE!
History won't remember Marco Rubio at all.
you were a big Castro fan I see.
what's your problem with a good man like Marco Rubio, pecker head.
In other words he was just a continuation of the Batista regime!!
Unlikely. History is written by liberals.
@jaketapper Or at least it should. Statements today from Carter, Trudeau, others shameful.
@jaketapper And years from now someone in the US might write these same words again.
I'm sure Miami is full of jubilation! This will forever be a local holiday in #LittleHavana #FidelCastro #evil
