Thank you @marcorubio. We love how you are always on the right side fighting for the "little guy".
Somehow fighting for the little people is closing off any chance of hope for the Cuban people. Just stupid !!
What??????
Marco is NOT advocating for the little people. He's pandering to Old Rich Cubans that want back what they had
Fidel and Raúl Castro benefited from Obama's policies! Obama has done nothing for  Cubans!
You have to understand that the Castros get all they want anyway, the people get what's left
You support  Raul's de facto regime. You've said you don't support democratic reform
We, Americans, want a free Cuba, a free Venezuela, and a free Syria! We love you, Marco :)  #TeamMarco #ImWithMarco
@TeamMarco @MarcoVeterans 

Castro broke Cubans' spirits, but Castro couldn't destroy their dream of a free Cuba! #TeamMarco
@pamelalee90844 fuck off loser
Are all Trumpsters potty mouths? We can agree to disagree you know. Jeeeze!
I will spend more vacation time in Cuba just because u won't b there.
I'm beginning to believe that you hate the Cuban people, the government has all it desires and the people???
Marco, This is the time to think, the Cuban people can see us as supporting the people, they may start to resist
we tried that once and it didn't go well for us or the Cuban people matter of fact it made it worse
I'm talking about the level of openness we have now, the people are benefiting directly
Just get them a baseball team, and free them from Russian influence, Bright Bart.
Go back to what hasn't worked for decades?  Sorry, I think you are wrong on this.  Pleasing hardliners not the majority.
What! Nothing for the people in Floridia. Have you learned nothing?
Thank you, Marco. Although I would love for all Cuban families to be free to be together, we can't fold on Cuban communism.
#America,#Marco is #Correct. #Obama was a #WeakPresident,#ObamaWasNotALeader,#ObamaWentAlongWithCastro,
#LeadersStandForLiberty.
Marco #1 Thankyu
Seriously? You know you first have to show up to work to get it done. #noshowmarco #selloutlilmarco
ok
if you really care about your people in Cuba why are you going against policies that could improve the lives of many 
These policies only improve the lives of the Government not the ppl I have family in Cuba he's 100%correct
what hypocritical bullshit on one side ppl want to say the policies killed Cubans in the and now they don't
Put American first FOR ONCE..VOTE FOR REX you traitor. McCain knew O was a Muslim in 2007. HE NOR you are HERO's...Losers!
your top priority should be blocking Trump's horrid cabinet picks!!! Stand up.
https://youtu.be/F1IrXYS9  
PLEASE  DONATE  SMALL  FUND  TO  DEVELOP " DHUPKHEDA".  SRI  SAI  SEVA  FOUNDATION.
Sign and RT this petition telling Pres. Obama not to send anyone to   #FidelCastro funeral!
@jstines3 @YouTube reunited the Americans is my priority. Or all world will enjoy yours desunion. From italy I can tell this
@jstines3 @YouTube Do this important work, Senator! #leadership
Thankyu Marco God bless yu
Your hate for Castro is misplaced, your willful disregard of the Cuban people is complicit with Castro to kill Cubans
Be more concerned with @realDonaldTrump starting WW3! Clearly proving MAKING AMERICA GREAT for wealthy! #TrumpLIAR #CORRUPTION
sure little flip flop man!
You forgot: not all Floridian think like you do. Represent ALL of Florida's interests. Look to Tampa for Cuban thought
a-MEN, Marco!! Undo the ridiculousness we are in!
Its unfortunate that Rubio is enjoying the best from America and wants d embargo on the cubians well done obama
you're so happy you got your do- nothing job back that ur willing to overlook DJT tried to do illegal business in Cuba
, Rubio has a great knowledge and passion to fight dictator regimes like Cuba.  I hope this inspires him to find his destiny.
How're ya going to do that when you're never there to vote?
So you are going to waste time repealing stuff instead of doing new stuff. You are a disgrace to politics Rubio...
http://www.globalresearch.ca/cuba-pre-1959-the-rise-and-fall-of-a-u-s-backed-dictator-with-links-to-the-mob/5464738 …
is this is what the Democrats party wants to transform the USA in to a communist country like Cuba Venezuela etc open 
I can't believe how the President Democrats and the media are defending and speaking good things about the Latin Hitler
I'm counting the hours and minutes when we the American people will be rid of the spineless Obama administration.
Yes Marco! Cubans, such as myself, will thank you.
@TheLastWord you have a problem with potus words on castro?? You had no problem endorsing a serial sexual predator! #HYPOCRITE
don't sweat it Marco he is only around for a couple more months then We all will make America great again
what about your Prez relationship with another brutal dictator Putin?
now that you sold us out plz represent urself as a white person and speak only for them. Pathetic embarrassment to us
well it sure won't be to get jobs back stolen by h1bs at Disney need billionaires  $ and lie streaming media
@HotNostrilsrFun @YouTube your priorities better include closing up the borders can stopping illegal immigration
.@marcorubio Let's be clear:  Marco is his own #1 priority & panders to any group that benefits him....has zero integrity #charactermatters
Great job senator, lets end communism in Cuba.
Maybe you should actually think about the people living in Cuba and their needs instead of your own motive of revenge.
those that want to rewrite history to spin Fidel as some kind of hero are absolutely crazy. Thank you Marco, for truth.
you're pathetic -
Who will be first Republican to call for mental evaluation of mentally unstable and unhinged Trump? History is watching.
After the past 12 months you've had down there, I don't think you're in a position to call anybody shameful and embarrassing
rolling back the racism in political asylum seekers should be a priority. Darker skinned Cubans&Haitians are turned back
You'll actually have to show up to work ... can you handle that?
Shouldn't your top priority be helping the American people by lowering taxes on the middle class & passing job creation bills?!
are you willing for drug test
are you willing for anotherctest which.is same sex marraige test
Vietnamese Killed Far More Americans Than #FidelCastro Yet Do Big Business With Them & Bigger Business With Communist China @marcorubio Jeez
Your opinion about POTUS & $3 gets you a Starbuck's!
Not concessions. Attempts to normalize relationships with a neighbor. For mutual benefit.
yes you want to bring back the good old Batista days that your family fled from only to return once Castro was in power,to work
A fraud like Marco Rubio, who fabricated & embellished his own parents' immigration story, doesn't deserve our respect.
your words mean nothing if your homeland doesn't fight for its own freedom. We all knew about Castro.
REALLY, blaming Obama for a unbiased statement, but embrace Putin. HYPOCRITE!
Your number one priority little marco should be to keep a check on your pres-elect Donald, oh wait, you voted him in!!
yet you support a dictator in your home country.  Hypocrite!
it's time to move forward. The people of Cuba have done nothing to you. Most involved are dead! No forward!
#notmysenator take a course in ethics.  shut in up in the meantime.
Small steps that can lead to more steps are better then no steps.
suggestions 4 other priorities: stop Trump corruption, stop hate crimes, keep FL above water-literally #climatechange
what about stopping Trump's corruption? What about standing up to white Nationalism?
ur liyng jerk , using the castro exile card to get sympathy, when u came  here when Batista was in power .
Your only priority is raising your profile to run for POTUS again.
Wow, what a tough guy!
Why do you want democracy for Cuba but not for the USA?
finally.
@nomad2003 @YouTube I am glad to hear that Marco they should never have happened in the first p!ace
shut up
Only if you were President you mean??So sit down & launch the 2020 presidential race. 
Thank YOU Senator. We are with you!
And who are you to change anything?
But, they ended up losing it all to natural disasters.
Walstreet wanted Cuba for its Cane Sugar Plantations. They were sick enough to want to destroy Cuba, for it.

@NinoskaPerezC @YouTube aiming low, eh?
He may have been a dictator, but democracy is sometimes an illusion.
Rest In Peace Fidel Castro how pathetic are you @marcorubio to criticize Obama by offering condolences.
He was too smart for them. And, you would have never even been born or ground to call Cuba if was not for his service.
There was a plot to wipe Cuba off the map, and to destroy Cubans as a race. But, Fidel Castro wouldn't allow it.
deliberate and precise. He was a strategist who had good intentions while your people's nativity had little faith.
incredibly intelligent and articulate. I'm waiting for 2020 or 2024 to put you in the White House.
I am there with u
You don't understand, because you're living in the past when your pride refuses to see that Castro's actions were ...
YOU'RE THE HOMBRE BROTHER!
There are plenty of lovely islands 4 Americans 2 visit. Cuba need not be 1 of them. Reinstate Sanctions
You can't roll back history. No Batista era return for your kind.
You are much more idiotic than I thought! Castro is gone; Cubans still live there.
That's another Trump switch.
you really are too hard! Where was your voice during the election? #teamtoomuch
We are supposed to care about what happens on another country yet you don't stand up for blacks being killed by cops
You know what's pathetic Rubio you and the GOP's constant insults or our duly elected POTUS.
You would benefit voters more by mixing mortar for Trumps wall.
how son we forget-WW11ring a bell?
Cuba needs you now. Please pack up the millions of other Cubans and go back. Make Cuba Great Again!

reducing the freedom of Americans to travel and engage in commerce with who they want is a top priority? Interesting.
how dare you use your position as senator to take out your personal hatred of Castro. Dont you dare limit my freedoms, Senator.
yes nothing like moving backwards
nice you have a job.
better make your trip priority to keep Trump golf course out of Cuba
I support you
The companies like VA Cuba have made millions on Communism . Im happy that I can travel through other airlines 4 less $
Charter air flights to Cuba are to expensive . Paying 8LB- 10Lb for the shipping of goods is outrageous!!
You should be more concerned with getting plenty of rest so you have the energy to actually show up for work in the Senate.
You have to show up for work to do something. Patrick Murphy would have been a way better choice than this "no-show" Senator.
don't forget to mention that Marco is a liar who embellished his own parents' immigration narrative, look it up

if you are going to speak against communist Cuba and close trade, do the same to China! If not you're a hypocrite
Good luck with that. Maybe you'll show up for a few votes & actually do some work next year? #LazyRepublicans #LiddleMarco #Cuba
Trumps "concessions" will no doubt involve fast tracking permits for a trump hotel in Cuba.
That would require you to actually be in DC for votes and bribery.  Don't think you will actually do it!
#ChokeArtist @marcorubio called @realDonaldTrump #ConArtist & endorsed him! What was his top priority for last term?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/marco-rubio-labels-donald-trump-a-con-artist_us_56d0485be4b0bf0dab31abfc …

is it OK if Cubas  sanctions USA? US sanctions and  assassinition attempts are war crimes
thats to violate cubas sovereignty. Shame on u.  BBC interviews Dr Denise Barden on Castro
get over it Rubio!  It's time to move on.

why don't you make something instead of constantly trying to tear things down?
Why wasn't it a priority to you to oppose Putin puppet who violated Cuban embargo? Oh yeah, cause it was good for you.
Dude, you have no power.
VERY FUNNY since Rubio SUPPORTED Trump Violating the embargo against Cuba
Syrians settling in the US should be your top priority. Cubans are not even refugees but love the welfare. #antiquatedlaw
"I will not die until America is destroyed." - Fidel Castro
Sounds like he chose the time...
waste of time
@jonathankdavis1 @YouTube and get the Airline's out of there while you are at it..
You have to show up for work first, Little Marco.
I hope you are successful with the help of Trump
Also your cozying up to Trump, who you called a dangerous con man, is somewhat disturbing.
Have you actually ever been to Cuba?
Lifting the 56 year embargo and Ushering in American Capitalism (A'la China) is the best thing that has happened to em
WHO CARES.Castro is DEAD.Move http://on.Work  on something for the DACA kids like you SHOULD be doing.Listen 2 your MOM!
tell us more, how will it help us (not disagreeing)
You sounded like a Hawkish Bush Rep. We need politicians that really represent the will of the American people..
Yea, and we trust your word?
Thank you Marco, this is why I support you! Can't stand Liberals and their love fest for a murderer like Fidel
he's dead there's not a love fest. Eye roll
Hopefully you have had a true change of heart; cause the message you were singing thru the elections was old rhetoric..
What a bust of a legislator you turned out to be. #JohnEdwards2.0
we normalized relations with China, why not Cuba? Oh yeah-- $$$
That just shows you hate the Cuban people, not Fidel Castro.  Time for the US to restore normal relations with Cuba.
VERY GOOD NEWS MARCO RUBIO.
Here's hoping that stopping hate crimes being committed nationwide in Trump's name is also a priority. GOP silence is shameful.
You want to destroy progress? Work to help the poor  and the ones in need in FL instead of writing BS.
if you decide to show up to work this time?
you mean you are finally going to show up and work?!?
@ReaganBattalion @YouTube there is so much more the people of Fla & USA need. Don't continue the do nothing Senate!!!
So you mean you'll continue with US imperialist policy to make Cuba surrender by trying to destroy its economy.
thank you!!!! God Bless!
US trades with Communist China. Why not Cuba?
US allows tourism to Russia & N. Korea. Why not Cuba?
With #Fidel death, you look forward to recolonizing the Island for ur new masters, the capitalists, and ur new god, mamón.
Primero hay que desarmar a Venezuela. Su flota aérea y armamento es considerable . Serán colaboradores de Cuba
Oh Little Marco! What will it take for you to realize that you were never really relevant?
