If the Senate is truly side by side with the American people, they will take a long serious look at Rex Tillerson.
Maybe you should have thought about that before you endorsed him.
Please remember without Trump supporters MR would not be a Senator in 2017. Don't follow fools like McCain and Graham.
remember Senator Rubio had 200k more votes than Trump.
@realDonaldTrump @PoliticalTropes Jackie on Jan. 20 who will be POTUS  D. Trump or Marco Rubio?  
find followers to retweet you, don't do it yourself!
Jackie. Please remember it's President Trump on Jan 20 and Sen Rubio.  
Syria could use some help ..
My #HumanRightsDay speech was interrupted by protesters. I respect their concerns about the ongoing Syrian war & their freedom of expression 
OYE! LA CARIDAD EMPIEZA POR CASA. Fix your OWN HOUSE FIRST! ISIS WILL KILL US ALL!!! #WAKEUPLITTLEMARCO #MAGA
Surely we can try to put pressure on Putin to help create people for the people of Syria.. who matter as people.
I will purchase an airplane ticket for you to go first. If you don't get killed, then I'll go help too. #maga
What would you do if I said okay ????  That would mean if I came back you would have to go later..
It's a deal 
Dear you are hoot.... a serious hoot.
You want to investigate? How about who has been funding and organizing the burning, destroying & looting of our American cities?
Clinton lost on her own for good reason. Suck it up Buttercups!
If Russians influenced the outcome for Trump, wouldn't it have been in WI, MI or PA? He was projected to win his other states.
Suck it up #Buttercup here's your safety pin.
Do you remember saying the same about President Trump?
How many geniuses commenting on this post know about VPNs? Do you think a hacker will expose their IP address? Minor thought.
ok but a good relationship with Russia where we can work together to fight terror and work on trade is good.
We Democrats agree. That's why Obama chided Romney in 2012 for advocating we aggress Russia to defeat Iran. @LMSW_Republican @marcorubio
And that's why Obama's administration gave Russia the carrot as much as the stick in Iran negotiations. @LMSW_Republican @marcorubio
BUT, there's a huge difference between peaceful diplomacy & letting another country tamper with your election. @LMSW_Republican @marcorubio
And there's a huge difference between a "reset button" and literally hiring a cabinet with financial ties to Putin. @LMSW_Republican
Do you only care when there is a Republican financial tie to Russia?  Clinton Uranium deal comes to mind!
That has been debunked hundreds of times. Try again. http://www.factcheck.org/2015/04/no-veto-power-for-clinton-on-uranium-deal/ … @mcnabbfreedom @LMSW_Republican
Have been handling catastrophes throughout the US.  Have been out of the tweeter world.  Trusting Factcheck org is like trusting CNN!
you are a friend of the masacre lobby, the NRA. That's worst.
too bad you endorsed this guy. That should disqualify you next time you seek office.
who on earth cares what u think?
@jaketapper Marco could have responded better and more convincing. Doesn't have a backbone. @CNN @nytimes @amjoyshow
I thought you republicans were supposed to be so patriotic and love your country above all else.
I guess that only applies when it's convenient for republicans. You're all perfectly happy to sellout your country for power.
anyone supporting this illegitimate con man to lead the US will go down in history as traitors to our great country.
"Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."
Make #CommieDonnie a one term pres!
If there was ever a time to show Trump that "lil Marco" is really big Marco, saving America before Jan. 20 would be a good time.
Good! Lucky u r a US Senator, u can do more than just hope. We already know Rex is "friend" so now *on u* to *stop* this.
@igorvolsky then stand up and do something about it instead of tweeting it.  You want to be a leader?  Then LEAD.
Umm, it's Sunday. What's he supposed to do about it today? Sounds like he plans to oppose.
Pamela you seem smarter than this tweet implies.  Of course no one expects him do anything TODAY.
Sorry if I misunderstood your intention...others seem to think his tweet is not sufficient.  I should stop reading comments.
and start fighting FOR one another bc right now everyone is screwed 2/2
Agreed!
You should welcome anyone who can work successfully with other countries. That's the goal to have mutual respect & fairness!
Wow! There's something we can agree on! The entire Russian connection MUST be investigated.
but you'll vote to confirm him anyway because you and the rest of the party are spineless self serving weasels.
Thank you for finding your spine.
OK so far, how about President?
. @marcorubio So stop "hoping" and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Join your peers in supporting a full investigation into Russian involvement.
What do really expect to find & what will be done about anything?
if this was HRC or BHO, 0 would be done as past proves,But its Trump,stepping on too many toes?
There is no precedent for this. A foreign power interfering in a US election should alarm EVERYONE.
We should fix our vulnerabilities, like an unknown server in a basement
I'm the Hacker, I did it. And I hired 100,000 Russians to vote for Trump!!
Impressive such a thorough job they even won state legislatures in over 30 states
Yes, I trained on their mission well.
#Would you rather prefer we go to war, Rubio.We elected Trump & not you.I remember you wanted to go back to DC to oppose Trump
Oh, yeah? You'd prefer an enemy?
You need gauvos. Good luck.
@Perpetual_Now oh my Marco - how do u like him now?? Trump trashed u, mocked u and u licked his boots. Now do the right thing!
Dude, really? God forbid we know other leaders in the world. If he takes millions like Hillary then you can fry him.
People still listen to Marco how amusing.
Trump answered you in less than 30 minutes! Twitter is the new way to further political discourse
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman & CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
see this is the reason he was elected president and you were just a reject candidate. #peacewithrussia
@krystalball See an opportunity ahead in 2020? What else to expect from a typical political opportunist?
How about a friend of Iran like Kerry? You prefer that? Experienced businessmen can do deals with adversaries.
It's a big world, and Russia influences a lot of it. You can be friends, and wary at the same time. Stop being a hater or we 
You are no longer relevant. Should my country be taking on iranrussiachina? Tillerson is a good Christian as well. shame on you
- Maybe keep an open-mind and learn from a true leader like @realDonaldTrump - we do NOT have to be enemies w/ Russia #MAGA
so what r u going 2 do about the waiver request? Oh I know. NOTHING if u r true to form
You need to put your country before your party, Marco. 45 is out of control and so is his cabinet. Time to step up.
You're going to get fleas if you lie with dogs.
Agree but why did dems ridicule Romney 4 years ago and why has Obama not done anything or mention hacks b4 on Russia
You voted to confirm Putin's friend FFS.
Dumb comment. He was going to be confirmed anyway.
Says a loyal Trump supporter.
we're going to need some Trump supporters to keep him in check when he steps out of line. GOP holds Congress too.
Trump supporters are who got us into this mess? And "when"? You haven't seen enough already?
mess? Hillary and Obama LIED to Putin which is why he hates the two of them. Mess is being cleaned up!
where hav u been a resident of for las half century?! Putin is FORMER HEAD OF KGB when it was USSR! During.... #coldwarera
what's your point? Move on, move forward, find results.
my point was u said MESS followed by HRC PBO made Putin mad. This man has ALWAYS HATED USA. AN seeks nothing but to conquer/destroy
well, he seems to like Trump and Tillerson, that's moving in the right direction
I'm the son of migrants,  a veteran and a long time resident of Florida . I am disgusted how you cave in to everything they need
How Funny because Rubio has NO PROBLEM With Trump Giving Taxpayer Money and Nuclear weapons to Putin
#GOPosturing
cmon, it's exactly what you want. Good relations with other world leaders. Please change your mindset. Getting along is good!
I would like to meet with you and discuss politics from a real American's point of view. Maybe you can learn something.
should STOP being an arse. Having GOOD foreign relations stops WARS. Doesn't have to be a friend. Damn. Would u prefer war?
yet you voted for him. Do you have trouble standing up against your party? I think yes
An attribute we weren't hoping for in a president either but you endorsed him because of partisanship not best interests of USA
Poor Hillary cult members....
not Hilary cult members but ones who value democracy and will never accept Trump
You value democracy, except when it goes against you.
you don't even know what it is. Democracy gives me the right to question and the electoral college is not democratic
Something tells me you didn't question the democratic values of the EC when it elected Obama
Maybe because PV and EC were in line, and no hacking or compromises were seen. #ClueBus
That's cute, but it's obvious your concern over the EC is simply a matter of who won.
You need to carefully vet any nominee, but if you end up being suckered by the Dems again I won't be able to forgive again. @marcorubio
>@KurtSchlichter< Guy supporting a PEOTUS proposing a trillion dollar stimulus and major tax increases. @marcorubio
Say whaaat? So taking taxes from 39 to 15 is in liberal world an increase?
35% tariffs. That raises the price of goods 35%, in essence a massive national sales tax. @KurtSchlichter @marcorubio
Wow you really don't get it do you?
You don't have a response, so you ask if I don't get it. @KurtSchlichter @marcorubio
Not exactly
You still don't have a response. @KurtSchlichter @marcorubio
Please make sure all know Trumps plan with #Exxon really is. You seem to be a bit of hope that there's intelligent life on Hill.

Treasury fines ExxonMobil $2 million for violating Russia sanctions while Tillerson was CEO http://politi.co/2uCXYxd  
@realdonaldtrump China and the rest of the world is  building for the future while the orange clown In office builds a wall.
Yes. I agree with you, Senator. Please defend the US Constitution.
you are a sleazy low class commie agitator - lil marco
yes, because being an enemy is more useful to diplomacy. or do you WANT another Cold War?  or a hot one in Syria?


Your statements have no impact anymore. Tomorrow you'll be supporting him. How do you sleep at night?
Hey Fellow Floridians - please vote this clown out SOONER THAN LATER
the GOP talks about bailouts why we bailing out rich people and billionaires it's a bailout mark my word Obama did it it was him
But you knew what he was when you voted to approve his appointment.  DUH
DIdn't you vote to confirm Tillerson?
how can an honorable man like you stand with @potus and Tillerson.  I know it must make you sick to be attached to these Comrads
Marco I thought you were a friend of the middle class coming from Cuba but now I think your friend a Billionaire's and bailouts

But you also didn't man up & vote against his confirmation did you? You missed your chance to be a hero.
cast bailouts for the rich billionaires it will not stimulate growth give me a trillion the middle class will be better off wow
You voted for Tillerson anyway. Hypocrite!
Marco Dumber and dumber this tax bill bails out the rich corporations but when Obama bailed out Wall Street it was dumb stop it
Marco.
Follow @sahouraxo
The #MSM lies about #Aleppo
#Assad & #Putin have saved thousands of  lives.
Live from #Aleppo: Syrians celebrate their liberation from Al-Qaeda's occupation. Why aren't all Western journalists lining up to cover it? 

MR RUBIO TAKE THIS TWEET OFF. DONT MAKE ME FEEL SORRY FOR VOTING FOR YOU
it is better to have a good relationship with Russia than a bad one. It's called open dialog..
that is a pathetically weak reaction.
Jennifer never misses a chance to pile on Rubio, even when she agrees with what he's doing. Weird.
well, Trump is a friend of Vladimir - you should start with not looking for that in a president
A "friend" ? Trumps NEVER MET Vlad! Speak Truth! Life's EASIER that way!
well, Trump claims they did meet.
Well nothing! Unless recently as in the last few days, Trump said he did NOT ever meet Putin!
yes he did. here's a video with him saying so out of his own mouth.
and yet they refuse to admit it
I'll do it Marco. I hate errbody
WTF???..you want a friend of whom??..enemy of all? or only Israel! u hypocrite!
when someone shows you who they are believe them. Time for Florida's voters to vote him out. Too bad. As a Dem, i saw promise.
Dump Trump!
"Friend" is a poor choice of words. Ability to work with major powers is a key to success.
Is that all you can say? What abt Russian espionage on our election? How about Russia choose Trump? Are u Scared? What say you?
You sold your soul to the devil.
Thanks for nothing Marco! Some help you were! Panderer
M Rubio the Anti-American CUBAN + FYI Dipshit in 93 helped a Cuban in US Special Parole BOP HOLD/custody "7" years gain FREEDOM.
don't worry about that because term limits will help keep legislative service fresh and clean
accept the futility. Did'nt work In bid for President, senate history derailed you, Comments now will have the same effect
Marco, this is why u aren't President, don't pee in ur pants, let God have His way, got to be wise as a serpent! Fools rush in!!
so you'd rather have war, like Hillary? Go away. You have no respect left.
Chance for you to show that you are really not Little Marco. Hope you take it
Well, I would only say that being a friend of Vladimir may not be a bad thing! Maybe we should be getting along! Focus on USA!
shame on you for playing into the hands of the DNC I will remember that in your next election
do you want Russia to hate America? 
@ManMet80 I agree with this. Now you have nothing to lose in supporting bipartisan investigation #russianhack
Tillerson has deep understanding of geopolitical issues and world-class negotiating skills. Still thinking like Gof8 crowd.Sad.
Attacking tillerson bc u hate trump
Ur questions weren't relevant
Ur not only against Tillerson. YOUR AGAINST UR BOSS TRUMP. He calls the shots trust his judgement! #draintheswamp
I hope u mean that. Don't  confirm DJT cabinet picks. Investigate Russian election hacking &  DJT Russian ties.#CountryB4Party
Yes!

Wikileaks Hacked  Podesta emails show Clinton camp created Russia/Trump fake news to smear Trump #russianhack 
#NeverRubio
well then, put on your big.boy pants and stand up to the man who maligned you as little Marco. Please don't waste your vote.
Shut up! You voted for #TreasonousTrump Are you in collusion?
won't be voting for you again. Rex will make a good sec. of state. Much better than what we have had
nothing but a smear campaign by MSM & Dems to delegitimize & steal election. Emails, racist, Russia, desperation & pathetic
How about from a president?
Whaddya want? Enmity? Sheesh.
So you'd rather the new SOS be an "enemy of Vladimir"? Where does your angst come from with regard to Russia?
Don't vote for Tillerson! We will hold you accountable if you do!
but, hey, party before country.  Right?
then why cave in? We re on dangerous ground here and GOP lets Trump have his way hoping they will get thrown pieces of the pie.
@garki50 @marcorubio Where is the front end of that tweet? He is a swamped, not a leader! He works as directed! That shit is ovr
Go away little Marco. You lost you putz.
Impeach him on Jan.21
Hey Marco - you voted for Trump, what did you expect???
Then why did you vote for him? #hypocrite
PLEASE HAVE SOME BALLS ON THIS ONE
I support #POTUS #TRUMP
http://bit.ly/2hugGAR 
Oh... this was such bullshit.
Then why are you voting yes?Your tweet was less than 2 months ago.

@marcorubio
I don't think it's like they vacation together I wouldn't say that knowing people through business dealings makes people friends
Mr Tillerson didnt claim to be friend of Putin. Much more professional & qualified than Hillary & Kerry. Please support him!
I hope you will join your colleague Sen. McCain in opposing his confirmation.
You are a coward. No balls at all. What are you good for?
Please vote NO. He is way too cozy with Putin.
Hiw about President?
FINALLY - some leadership!
sour grapes
So Cheney, an energy industry lackey, speaks to you and Tillerson is ok? He is practically a Putin plant. Show some spine.
@YourFriendEvan Stop whining. Do something about it. Fight it. Americans are greater than the Russians. Fight for the Americans.
You should call him a "disgrace" like you do Prez Obama. Also don't you care Scott wants to do nous ones with Raul Castro?!
why did we have Sec @HillaryClinton? Why did Russia pay Bill Clinton for a speech, followed by donation to CF, sold Uranium 1?
just vote no
you will be grouped  with the idiotsTRUMPWOULDNEVER WIN.Maybe belike Paul Ryan , who is making the best out of the situation.
what will you do about it?
you are sounding like John McCain,Lindsey Graham and other never Trumpers.  Sad!
"little marco"  turned out to be appropriate...
so why again didn't you do something about it? Asking in light of recent events, you seemed to know this was coming.
STAND UP against treason. Stand up for this country. Treason is not a partisan matter.
looks like you're friends now, bro. Florida will not be happy.
Hey, everyone! The man who is still politically alive only by the grace of the President elect is saying something.
Clinking glasses with Russia beats the heck out of clanging swords.  You prefer war?
Nor from the POTUS. Investigate Trump's debts to Russia and Russian hacking of our election.
.@marcorubio Oh man! Here's the Miami Gusano, anti-Castro professional(they make good money on that) talking garbage.

Preach, Marco! Hold DJT accountable for his failure to keep promise of draining the swamp of special interests.
where are you tonight in Orlando for the Trump rally
You seriously have no spine ride the coat tails to get in then turn your shitty little man face to the south
If you are negotiating with another country you must have someone that knows how that country thinks PERIOD! Wise Up!
DO something about it!  This is our democracy at stake!
no u wanna an enemy smart.take a look at the Satan 2 nuke they developed...blows an entire country out..id rather b his friend
we also stand behind the great cabinet that our President-Elect is putting together. As a (R) shame on you for playing this game
Being a "friend of ISIS" is not an attribute I wanted in a President but we had Obama now didn't we?
Friendship could lead to reduced tensions b/w #USA & #Russia, & decrease the risk of a nuclear war! #WW3 @marcorubio
Being a "friend of Vladimir" is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState - MR
yes. Marco. Why do we want to be Russia enemy again? Didn't hear you whining when Hillary went to "reset relations" with ussr
Just because Obama and NATO favour antagonising Putin doesn't make it a sensible strategy. Quite the reverse.
https://twitter.com/hectormorenco/status/792590527308763137 …
grow some BALLS little Marco comrad Trump put him there. But you can't see that with your head up trumps ass
who said anything about being friends with Vladimir.! Unlike Obama, Just work together to destroy isis.
OR A PRESIDENT
OR A PRESIDENT
OR A PRESIDENT
OR A PRESIDENT
OR A PRESIDENT
OR A PRESIDENT
OR A PRESIDENT
OR A PRESIDENT
Senator  Mr Tillerson will be strong, unlike last 2 Secretaries. I voted for you often, even in primary. #SecretaryOfState
Perhaps you should have a chat with your Electoral Voters about it. Bc that's not going away with Donald at the helm.
Damn straight.  Please do the right thing and vote against Rex.
be careful buddyUr sounding a bit like Mitt Romney.Look what his disloyalty got him #myopic PS don't let ur ego get the best ofU
You endorsed him for president after he ridiculed you. Now you're incredulous of his cabinet picks and actions? #headinyourass
I'm thinking buyer's remorse. You gave in and backed him instead of fighting. You lost all credibility.
Really?  How about Nixon and China, Reagan and Soviet Union?  It's all about trying to bring PEACE!!!
Man up and help do something about it then.
But it doesn't bother you that your PEOTUS reveres and sucks up to Putin on a daily basis.  You, too, are a loser!
You are acting like a jerk! You are trying to box Mr. Tillerson into saying Russia is guilty of war crimes! You > sore loser
Don't show sympathy for the devil
