.@SenRubioPress In no way should the oil industries objectives be our Foreign Policy objectives. Stop this cold!
I have serious concerns about where you stand on important issues.
thank you Sir, we trust your judgement.
NO ONE TRUSTS HIM!! That's why he wasn't elected PRESIDENT!!! Let that sit and marinate for a bit!
Twitter is a horrible place for sarcasm.  I agree he should NOT be president.
first you need to get some followers and be a little versed on Twitter.
I agree Jackie!!! Marco Rubio will be President one day in due time. Please don't worry. Pence/Rubio
We trust in you Marco, to get the Truth on Tillerson! #NoPutinPuppets
that's funny Marco. I don't remember hearing you say jack as Obama fillled the white house with Muslim brotherhood and far left nuts. Idiot
But  no, you did not. Not that it matters to you, but I've lost any remaining shred of respect for you.
Your concerns are a bit late at this point, Senator. You should have stuck to your guns regarding Trump in the first place.
Well, tbh, I never had any, so we're in negative digits now.
all I ask is to trust Trump. We cannot drain the swamp if we keep appointing its habitats. He has strong transferable skills
where were you when hillary was being vetted?
@laurahollis61 This is why you lost.  Get a clue.
Come on GOPS let's work together & quit shooting ea other in the FOOT! We r NOT CHOOSING a Pastor or Missionary! Get onboard
Lil' Marco Please educate yourself  Condoleeza Rice even likes him.  Get behind our man Trump!  
https://www.facebook.com/condoleezzarice/posts/1361767703835417 …
Condi Rice works at Exxon.  Look it up.  So does the other high profile guy who endorsed Tillersen. Name?
I salute you Senator Rubio.  Stay strong.  Brilliant in your questioning of Tillersen.
@Kath_Savich miss you so very much love you to Jupiter and back Michael David powers savich always
, Marco, be quiet and follow!
We know @marcorubio is doing what his #Gangof8 pals like Graham & Schumer want him to do. We're used to it. Shhh, lil' Marco.
why does it seem Trump supports are extremists and fly off the deep end when there's a disagreement. Brainwashed/Brain dead?
proves one thing we all new and why your not Prez. ran back to DC to the rhino tit of Lindsey and McCain sad very sad!
Very disappointed with Rubio's position. I need to rethink my support.
FYI.  I researched Tillersen and he is the worst pick for Secretary of State.
Please do not confirm him!!!
Senator revealed Condoleezza Rice who endorsed Rex Tillerson. In fact works for Exxon, her endorsement means little
Respectfully sir,you will rollover the way you did with your vote ...good of the nation be danged. WORSE THAN NIXON
@CatchaRUSSpy if you have serious concern then do something about it. Do your job, you know the one we pay you to do.
did you question Kerry and Clinton nominations for #SecretaryOfState, @marcorubio? Establishment gang of 8 forming again?
Senator, this is getting way too cozy with Russia to be in the best interests of our country.  Vote no.
Russia....Common Core...Ugh!
A businessman is not right for Sec State. Thanks for not caving. @SenRubioPress @CityOnAHillBlog
Little Marco was re-elected because of Trump, now he wants to make a show. The past six years he was too busy to show up.
never mind I saw you already retweeted! I should have known you had already seen it. 

But will you and your fellow senators "do" anything?
@Coach_Chip14
act like a patriot! Crazy!
thank you for speaking out! #releasetrumpstaxreturns #investigatetrump #RussiaHacking
Respected by who? For Christ sakes try to show a lil backbone
Time to step up Rubio.  Time to choose between political gain and integrity.  This can't fly #Tillerson #TrumpTransition
There are Americans well-qualified to represent us as Secretary of State who don't have billions in foreign holdings.
2014 - Economists Samuelson & Bergsten on 'Putinomics'
2011 - Tillerson gave Sechin's co. stakes in Texas "making it the first major Russian oil producer to develop U.S. deposits."
2014 - "Tillerson talked up his company's prospects in Russia" alongside Igor Sechin, "who has been sanctioned by US gov't."
I smell oil and gas deals with Russia. That's why Tillerson is being nominated. Money and profit.
I too supported Mr.Rubio in the begunning; until I looked into who he supported & how he votes. Than I went 2 President Trump
Quit objecting j
is anyone more qualified? No!
You can chase thisinstead get answers
@carlquintanilla So many of Trump's nominees spent their careers in one culture including Trump. Broader experience better
you better do more than just tweeting about it. Put your country above your party and stop this madness!!!

this = y u've gone as far as u ever will. u think businessperson is presumptively immoral & more conflicted than politician.
Thank you. I have serious concerns about many of our PEOTUS' nominations. It appears he is trying to DESTROY govt agencies.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems lift sanctions and global stabilization with foe and does.
Thank you Senator for doing your job rather than falling in line like the rest of the GOP sheep.
it is what it is, now time to support freedom, democracy, ,,,,,,, and your new prez... too many people hoping he fails. #sad
Thank you Senator and you please look into the Russian hack and Trump's connection to Russia
god forbid we try opening new lines of communication. Sick of avoiding bullies, time to hit head on and get our respect back
Thank you.
Holy shit I just agreed with Marco Rubio.  This is the end of the world.
Condi likes him, Gates likes him.  Good enough for me.
Do I see a spine growing? Probably not.
Are you accusing him of NOt having moral clarity? He represented his co. to the utmost.We can expect the same for his new job
Forgive me GOPutin stooge Senator Marco Rubio Traitor , I had no idea that the word serious was even in your vocabulary.
Full, fair AND thorough?? lol
@LouiseMensch You are now being featured & retweeted by the LOONY LEFT. Congrats!
@MalcolmNance The head of literally the most evil corporation in human history, indebted to an evil foreign president.
What concerns do you have about President-Elect Trump?
His next sentence: I support him.
@LouiseMensch we obviously can't go to war with Russia so your plan to just disrespect Putin accomplishes what?
I see nothing wrong with being friendly toward Russia and people in our government having met Putin?
That is your job. Glad you understand that. We expect a full & vigorous vetting of all selections. #Tillerson  #MAGA
@Alex_Rowe8 bae
There isn't a politician in Washington or ANYWHERE with all the qualities Rubio is looking for...not even Rubio has them all!
On this I agree. Problems with Russia, Turkey, and who knows what other countries
Where were your SERIOUS concerns that Hillary Clinton would be the next President when you halfheartedly supported Trump!!!
- least Tillerson didn't make jokes about penis size on national TV,  your "moral clarity"!!  U woulda lost if not for Trump
It makes perfect sense. “Trump, Putin, and ExxonMobil team up to destroy the planet” https://thinkprogress.org/trump-putin-and-exxonmobil-team-up-to-destroy-the-planet-fb88650acfa1#.jyr01rjbv … … …
bad news you lost, get over it.  Get on the USA team
This is why I admire you Senator.
This is a scary nomination, to say the least. Long-term consequences for the US can be catastrophic.
i bet you'll still vote for him
@carlquintanilla A great many of Trump's nominees come from one culture. Could use some wth broader arenas
well you have power to stop this.
Mr. Senator, The only reason you have any concerns with the Tillerson nomination is, There is nothing in it for you. DJM
Marco didnt want a job in the clown show that is trumps administration he turned down trump @DennisMattson @SenRubioPress
It's apparent he has you fooled Sir. Roll Tide!
I'm praying for all you nasty ppl, this morning. May God bless you and come into your heart.
Make sure you show up to work on those days Senator Rubio.
@MaxBoot Good to see you're slowly rebuilding your spine.  Hope it continues.
@aravosis so don't roll over. do something about it
Thank you for standing strong on this issue!
Pool: How long will it take Rubio to cave in on Rex Tillerson's nomination for Secretary of State? Hours are permitted.
get over it Rubio- you lost the prez- you could not even carry your own state
you should clean out your own closet before taking the inventory of others...You've clearly proven you cannot be trusted!
et tu brute.
I HATE IT WHEN YOU GUYS DO THE DEMOCRATS JOB FOR THEM! this man is EXCELLENT for the job! STOP IT!
MARK HUSH! He is perfect for this job. Keeping one's enemies closer? Remember? SO GET ON BOARD! AND STOP BEING A DEM!
this is a candy ass response, Senator. You must acknowledge Trump is under foreign influence and is a danger to our republic.
And this is why YOU are NOT President!!! "WE" The American People WANT Rex Tillerson!!!!!!!!
Well it's incumbent on you to vet him! otherwise these vague concerns you speak of mean nothing just sour grapes about Romney
Encouraged to see you doing your duty, country first!
you'll cave
till the wind blows...or some makes it profitable for you to say otherwise. #YouOwnTrumpPresidency
you are a coward to not stand up before this. Putting party before country
.@SenRubioPress @aravosis  we should hear outrage, not that you have "concerns". FRIENDS OF PUTIN ARE NO FRIEND OF US.
Really Marco, moral clarity like #Hillary had as SOS!? Why don't you wait to judge until u do know more? Why tweet this? Sabotage?
@aravosis oh Marco, Marco... you are assuming your new fuhrer is a moral person
You should, but you're all talk. Politics before country, as you showed us when you endorsed this nut. @SenRubioPress
Floridian's may be having serious concerns about your reelection.
Be specific or "hold your fire".
I will always trust your judgment
thank you Marco, you never disappoint me, so sad that you aren't our President elect. Thank God you are still our senator
Neocon puppet Rubio doesn't like Tillerson. Today just got better
what a twerp!
pls stop him in Senat.....
@teddyschleifer DONT...
@carlquintanilla gots to b somebody out there that values what you're concerned about.
Although I have no doubt Tillerson is a threat to this country, thank u.  I trust my Senator @robportman  will do the same.
@carlquintanilla 
Grow up adults in charge now.
@allahpundit 
Yes, and as soon as someone writes about your two step dancing...

you fucked the T party,Trump hits back.
@SenRubioPress As you should. The GOP will be forever tainted by Trump Presidency. Your best hope is to prevent or mitigate damage.
@allahpundit Give me a break. U couldn't carry his jock strap. Quit being such a jerk. Your lucky to still be in game. Help.
Little Marco always does what he is told by his NeoCon owners #RexTillerson
@allahpundit The thought of six more years of Rubio certainly does give one pause...
little Marco finally shows his balls finally dropped?
@allahpundit So. You wanted the job?

Chuck Schumer's poolboy and open borders enthusiast Marco Rubio is on the neocon warpath https://twitter.com/BraddJaffy/status/808666101164937216 …
.@SenRubioPress FYI -- you might find this informative
me too!
