:Sit DOWN, Little Marco!  SIT DOWN!!!
You all have degenerated America to a level where juveniles triumph in leadership. Shameful
scary juveniles!!!!!!!
Time for diaper change
maybe Dr.Carson can do some Brain Surgery on him after he gets his "Poopy Pants " Changed???
we can get Trumps Doctor!!!!!
No no, I can't wish that to my worst enemy.
@SpeakerRyan isn't it time someone makes the people we put into office accountable? Mr. Speaker do your job!
Will your demands gain you any new Republican voters?
8yrs giving Obama a pass on EVERYTHING now ur going to hold him accountable? Were it not 4 Trump u never would of found ur balls.
AIPAC-owned Congress & Jewish media http://www.simpletoremember.com/articles/a/jews-in-the-media-hollywood/ … beating war drums agaist Iran again 4 Israel
Read documents from the 1980s, Dummy!!!!!!
I also want to see every document as to why we gave them the money and the people who made this decision
Good luck with that!
give it to 'um @marcorubio. Put the crooks where they belong.
US did not pay a $400 million “ransom” 2 Iran. Here’s what actually happened. http://www.vox.com/2016/8/4/12370848/ransom-iran-400-million?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=article%253Atop&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via @voxdotcom
forget politics Little Marco. Why don't you try being a jockey
@SenRubioPress and well he should!! And let's pray this farce of a deal wasn't written in crayon. Thank you for standing up, Sen.!
@SenRubioPress Marco Rubio  is still fighting for the American people. He should've been our nominee.
he will be stonewalled and he will not get a damn thing.
He demands, more useless words. You had years to do the right thing and have done nothing!
He can DEMAND all he wants. I demand he be held accountable for lying saying he wouldn't run for Senate if he lost presidential bid
@marcorubio Investigations & hearings of Democrats are Republicans No1 priority in the House & Senate. Their only way of governing!
it was. I will let you all know.
I don't know why even bother! He has been doing whatever he wants while you guys sit on your hands...So quit playing!
@Patriotic_Me  go ask the. Same question to your buddy Mcuseless
@marcorubio Are Republicans in the House & Senate capable of doing anything other than to attack Democrats? Nothing else get done!!
Rubio just go away!
yes
Ya Rubio the send u paperwork stating "this money is not for a ransom". U need to grow up
- Thanks to the candidate he supports, he'll always be known as "Little Marco."
Only in your 'little' brain Henry.
Donald Trump represents me. Who do you represent, Little Marco?
until you do what the people want and not what you want , you will always be just irrelevant Little Marco.
Doesn't understand the "art of the deal". It's called diplomacy and it requires intelligence and skill. And, the money was Iran's.
Chief here was told by Iranian PRES that the U.S is wanting the money back they gave Iran the Iranian PRES is laughing his ass off
@marcorubio go home! Rubio
Why waste your time
@RepBJNikkel Oh no, him again?
classic rhetorical argument. Can't prove a negative? See it must be true. Rubio, release docs proving your not a lizard person.
/Don't worry Marco, he'll just write the info down on the back of his birth certificates & mail it to you.No,not 'ransom', 'CASH'!
Holding Iran's own money until they concede to us an additional benefit isn't ransom, it's strong and smart!
Go for it Marco. I'm very disappointed that the republicans are so docile. The FBI and DOJ are corrupt. They stink real bad.
Rubio you are a joke
...he has affidavits from the Clinton Foundation, what more do you want?....
Oh please Rubio, like he's going to do that!
Good luck on getting anything other than lies.
payment to terrorist 
That's what Obama's about
he doesn't take care of his state & demanding from Pres. SMH
good for you Marco
Good luck with that.
8 yrs of Obama administration is shameful. When ppl demand to know to truth is called democracy not obeying corrupt govt.
You won't get anything from that poor excuse of a man. Corrupt mother ffffffrrrrrrr
Go Rubio!
what difference would it make, look at Hillary all those email are as good as toilet paper. she should be in prison
.. This first ..... #tcot #pjnet
. Oh little Marco
all talk & no action
Hillary already put them in her shredder.
Lolroflol maybe if he went into his day job he could read them... Just saying
good Rubio, we would all like to hear more lies to catch him up in his scheme
hush little rubio
good luck.  Not going to get them.
Who is he to demand anything??
was it a ransom or a bait and switch? maybe an investment? Hope you find out Senator Rubio. Iran or Comey can certainly tell you.
great questions for NATIVE american Chicano/Indian @POTUS  @SenateGOP @SenateDemocrats  @ForHispanics @foxnewslatino @NBCLatino
Rubio took a long time to come up with this !!!!!really?????
Go away! I thought you weren't running for reelection after all, you hardly showed up.
that's a confident look?
see how that goes, little marco!
Can't he just hush and go on?We're not getting the money back and lucky they even gave the American hostages back. Duh, its ransom!
gooooo @marcorubio !!  @Potus is LYING to us just like #CrookedHillary #SickHillary
You go Rubio!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
first real thing he has done!
me too @POTUS
@jhjanie1  Rubio I believe Obama did say it was Ransom .
@marcorubio Good luck
great choice of photo, that blank gaze...
Who cares what this loser wants! Lights, camera, action ... father Rubio needs some press coverage. What a CREEP!
@SpeakerRyan @senmarcorubio Was this in the budget?Just a slush fund? We the People approved this? http://www.dictionary.com/browse/power-of-the-purse … No more?
Good Luck 
"It's Aliiiiiive"!!
This kid has a problem.
he would have to show up first to be able to read them. #LazySenator
apparently this "judgment fund" is like a big slush fund for the admin.  What else have they taken out money for that we don't know
I guess losing to @realDonaldTrump in the state of FL, maybe he starting to grow a pair. But a day late and dollar short
But...will the President give those documents? Does the President HAVE to?
@marcorubio Thank you! We the American people want to know the truth about wherewhen what&why! No cover up
The way this was done, the suspicion is that money was put into a foreign bank. After all it was all cash, foreign currency.
SHUT UP LITTLE RUBIO, LOOOOSER
I'm sure those documents were accidental destroyed with BleachBit too. #transparency #NOT
wish more Senators and Congressmen would develop backbones!
#LITTLEMARCO GO BACK AND READ ABOUT THE ORGIN OF THE IRANIAN FUNDS! YOU ARE STILL A SENATOR! THE INFO WAS GIVEN IN YOUR ABSENCE!
SORRY that Trump hurt your feelings.Prove to the nation u r the bigger man!Work with him for r nations sake!Do great THINGS!  
Well the thing is if it was a ransom, and it was your brother or your mother captured you will surely like it.
and who is Rubio again?
May as well ask for his original birth certificate
You have proven yourself useless.  Kick rocks...

MSNBC panel SHOCKED to learn #Trump warned about 9/11 in Jan 2000, 19+ mo before attack!
#SundayMorning #NeverForget 
you go Marco  make him prove he is not supporting terrorism in a covert way
UN's IAEA report says Iran complying with provisions of agreement
@rrtaylor52 Everyone knows it was ransom!
Rubio. You are in no position to demand anything. You are a loser and can't hold your own
Go get him Rubio! See how far you get.
Go for it Rubio, but don't just talk about it.
@marcorubio I demand Rubio state he is not a corrupt politician bought and paid for. Get honest about ur weekend in the "Hamptons"
good luck with that one you'll get that as quick as al Sharpton becomes white
It was  we all know,  It is too late.
and if the administration does not comply?
Rubio will have to wait. The GOP would murder their grandmothers to shave a poll point.
Oh, little Marco. It won't make you any taller to do this. Stop.
who the hell is Marco Rubio demanding anything from the president all of a sudden he showed up to work he's worse than Trump
@SayNoToRubio Rubio is a corrupt, career politician who "back-stabbed his friend" and we should trust him....NOT !!!!!
I can hear Obama laughing way down here in Georgia #nopullrubio
they paid us our citizens for their money
@SayNoToRubio I demand Rubio gets honest n discloses his support the Florida Sugar instead of the Floridians who put him in office!
Oh Dear where did this blow up at? And i thought Little. Marco was a thing of the past.
got your back Obama should be impeached, do it before he causes more  problems for America. Gitmo,Laos ,Cuba etc
Good luck
I demand he produce a birth certificate, but that wont occur either. #OnWithYourBadSelf
You know @POTUS would delay and submit fully redacted documents. He is the king of lies and deception just like @HillaryClinton
He hardly showed up for work but now coming to make demands on the President. #littlemarco
THIS GUY NEEDS TO ATTEND MORE FOAM PARTYS !!!
@ELNMAC let me know how this goes. #Joke
good try, but you know it won't happen
need to be a lot more documentation on the ransom payment or not ransom.
Rest assured Marco, it was not a ransom. Bribe paid for BO nuke.$1,7B  laundered for NKorea nuke sale to Iran &Cash for BO broker.
Little Rubio
Um, we already know $$ was for ransom. Don't waste your time! VOTE TRUMP!! 
Rubio has bigger problems.
Obama can't do it. It was ransom!
Way to step up Marco!  Hold them accountable.
how about DEMANDING trumps TAX RETURNS
LIKE THIS WOULD HAPPEN! lol
People do stupid things to get attention.
dear Rubio, money to Iran not random. Sincerely, Obama. 

thank you Rubio
About time someone has the balls to call Obama out - he sold the US out, he should be impeached. The end can't come fast enough
how would you prove that? Would anything from the saying exactly what you want, be fabricated? What evidence would be good enough?
@KW7of8CC Marco. Can we demand them after the game??!!
Well, well...after all the previous years of not showing up for work, Marco is suddenly work conscience. Gag me.....
when donald turns over his tax returns and his medical records.  #foxsucks
Obama said this was going to be the most transparent Presidency didn't he?  Well remind him of that!
What's wrong Lil Marco, u miss being in the spotlight?
ha ha ha
Go get em...
no such documents exist, because it WAS ransom money. Everyone knows it, even if they won't admit it
good luck
why don't you people find out why Donald Duck Trump won't release his taxes. .. damn
it's about time! Answer for the ransom that was paid
not a chance in hell he gets anything.

I demand documents  Rubio actually has gone to work in the last two years. Can't wait for Murphy to take over.
why he doesn't shut up now. He could not even put himself above Trump. Here we see another inept.
Yeah, like that's gonna happen. #Whatdoesitmatternow
Good luck
About time, Do your JOB.
way to go Marco, I thought the Central bank held the frozen assets, there was also no need to pay more than thee 400 mil,
get a life
GOOD NOW DONT LET IT GO
@marcorubio spend ur time goin after murphy. He voted for iran deal
You know they used the $ as leverage - tell Obama you don't approve and move on! Waste of TAX DOLLARS to keep endless investigation
shouldn't that have occurred in when our elected federal representatives became aware of this financial transaction 
No matter what the documents say (will be modified or redacted) Webster's definition of "ransom" is exactly what took place!
AND, I always thought that Congress controlled the purse strings...Then again Congress has no balls and obama is a dictator
YES YES YES...CAUSE THE AIN'T THERE....IT WAS A WEAK ADMINISTRATION COWERING BEFORE SOME FOREIGN THUGS
Every week it is another fake Republican witch hunt- Lawyers are hired and everybody gets PAID except the USA taxpayer! Corrupt!
The most unscrupulous administration on the planet, don't hold your breath. Americans deserve answers though.
demand?  lol nigga no one respects you . Not even folks in Florida
yep. Agreed.
Finally someone says and demands some thing.
How dumb. Ask Carter and Reagan- they were the ones who made weapons deals w Iran that were never delivered
why do we need to ask for it? They should  have offered it long time ago...
no proof needed  release was dependent on funds - whether those funds were owed or not - because of the requirement,it was a ransom
good now some with guts to demand and show why Obama gave all that money to iran
squeek, squeek. That's what #Obama hears.  #Rubio who?  Eh, he can think about demands all he wants.
Of course it was ransom. Why do you think the Iranian ships taunt the US Naval ships. One sailor is $100,000,000.00 to Iran
Go get em !
@marcorubio We want your friend's written statement that you weren't giving a blow job in that cruising park when you got busted.
I'm with you
this loser is stupid and poor.
Hey Einstein, the money was from the nuclear pact. This is point of fact. Santa isn't real either BTW.
@marcorubio Haha good luck with that.
Yeah, good luck. Maybe he'll have Hawaii make one up for you.
@marcorubio Marco Rubio voted for the money to be given to Iran.
Does not matter. We all know it! The world knows it. Even this president knows it!  Next emails coming. Get ready BO.!
damn right!! It's about time because people are being taken!!
We're with you Rubio. What about it Obsma? How much did you and Michelle stuff in a Brown paper bag?
Great!!!
It's really about time that someone had the balls to ask this! Our congress is a bunch of talking spineless wimps!
