Sorry. There is absolutely nothing new @CNN 'new day'. Shd be called 'New Day, Nothing New'. Daily bashing of the @POTUS is sad.
Except that he insists on presenting a huge target day after day after day ... he's just the gift that keeps on giving #CNN
do your job - provide decent healthcare for constituents-if a terror attack happened in yr district wld all be covered ?
Can not watch! You are a nausea maker for anyone of good will and good conscience!!!
Any Politition that appears on CNN is as corrupt as the day is long. See you at the polls.
Wow, you actually showed yo grandstand, how about making it fir the Senate votes, if you dont step up against this admin, you are going down
U just reek of hypocrisy. Tough to look at u or even listen.
Don't go on that POS network.
Well done!
You should feel right at home on the Clinton News Network b/c you NEVER back up your President.
Little Marco!
Epic, Doug! 
No thanks.
Lil MArco Rubio is a hypocrite. Quotes scripture while voting to take away healthcare.  He is HUGE TRUMP SUPPORTER & does what Trump order
Why would you do that unless you are already beholden to those that support CNN as a tool for mis-information. #RubioOut #OffTheTeam #MAGA
Trump isn't going to be POTUS forever. GOP members need to reach a wide audience to lay foundation for 2024 and beyond.
Seems to me (he) needs to solve today's problems B4 he starts thinking about 2024. #TermLimits #NotEnufWork4Rubio #MAGA
Seems to me you don't know everything he has been accomplishing just within the start of the year. Get informed. Visit his website.
Why? ...to see another repub fold to the libs?
When CNN takes the trouble to be more objective it may be that I sees it for now NO
You actually being on their station! You are a RINO
Tired of watching you speak @marcorubio - DO SOMETHING, BE A US SENATOR,  NOT A GOP SENATOR.
Why are u there? never on @FoxNews are u planning to run as a Dem? You are still jealous of @realDonaldTrump . Thank god u were not elected
Compare your conscience about this terrorist act to the USA children who die each year by gunshot = 911 deaths. Hypocrisy!
Why are you wasting time @CNN fake news?
Nos siguen matando acá en Venezuela y su poderoso país mira sin.actuar, que esperan.
I hope you make another run at it in 2020.
Come on down to SoFlo for a town hall with your constituents. Do your job!
Way to hand with the enemy just so you hope they help you in the election!
Working with #POTUS and #MAGA
Should be priority! ! Communist Fascist and Radical Islam needs to be destroyed Healthcare must be fixed
Time to go to work GOP stop the nonsense! This why we voted for you to control and drain the swamp to get the job done!
This is what we need to focus on! When will we take it seriously? When it happens here?
Why not declare Jerusalem an independent state like Vatican City and establish a joint Muslim/Jewish council alternating the lead yearly?
Who cares
You supported him voted his way when you knew it was going to hurt americans
Still brown nosing Trump. Trump is in the Middle East to make money, and get him away from the scandal
What you sow is what you reap you do it everyday to helpless Muslims. England. America. Saudia Arabia .Israel. France and other stooges
Here is the definition of politician, see 2 b
Marco please be advised Trump IS a Politician.  Look it up and stop saying he's not. He's one of you.
wow, Marco said something nice about the President! I am stunned
#Cnn is a fake news.  Republicans voters are not watching you or anyone else on CNN.  #CnnFakeNews
Good job on the interview, not sure why you waste you time on cnn, they would be doing the same crap to you as Trump if you were prez
good job standing up to the propaganda tv station
Los medios liberales son el cancer de America
MSM delivers venomous political views not news. They perspire hatred. They are the VERBAL TERRORISTS OF USA
oh and its also time you R's start calling out msm and democrats o this Trump Russia BS cause its crap.
I am so tired of see you being a lap dog for the very media that would be attacking you had you of won. Get a backbone.
I regret supporting ur reeelection.u one fake http://politician.like  the holy bible calls ur type out bloody hypocrite Pharisee fag
Oh noes, all the Fox News grampas are mad.
No thank you. I don't watch fake news. Did they report exactly what you said
No one cares what Rubio has to say about anything. He's a horrible person and an even worse Senator.
ira, go shower instead of expressing bad feelings toward Sen. Rubio.
The irony when something happens you speak out but when it's related to trump you keep quiet.
Media is the enemy of the People WORLD WIDE and in EVERY country, it seems that they are colluding w/dark forces to bring ppl to their knees
So they can misquote anything you say and make their agenda blanket statement. Interesting

Boy am I glad Chris Christie exposed this phony
But you couldn't take the time to meet a delegation of constituents to discuss impt FL issues this morning
How could you fake news they will twist everything you say.
Oh ye of little faith. Nothing is impossible with our Lord.
Thank you @marcorubio for keeping America informed; it's refreshing and you are the professional. Very PRESIDENTIAL!
CORRUPT NEWS NETWORK
With all these Peace Plans we forget one thing. The children must be retaught. The Peace Train can last only until those hate-trained grow.
FYI Marco the majority of patriots don't watch CNN as the majority is fake news & apparently you enjoy making fake news! Crystal clear dude?
Why do you want to appear on fake news, Marco?
We know u know this- People leak because people like you & fellow republicans are too SOFT, BLIND & REFUSE to call out @POTUS lies!
And that's when I changed the channel. I can't stand your recitals. I hope you go down with Trump.
seems you are always on CNN where it = fake news.
Hypocritical statements, in the US yard, you supports Narcotic trade Terrorism PAZCOLOMBIA
Stay away from them, it will ruin your credibility
You are kidding !! Right ?
Rubio should be a Democrat. A RHINO.
No thanks.
You didn't tell her the truth Marco. Why not say most of this is hype so they captivate their viewers?
God Bless all involved my heart is broken many Prayers for all children and parents and also Ms Ariana Grande

why is the real question.
Sorry @marcorubio, I don't watch @CNN no matter who is on,  It's the center for '#FakeNewsMedia " in this country. #tcot
Im with you Don Meares.  #BoycottCnnFakeNews.
How do you tolerate talking to the fake news?
In the second part of your statement you nail it, sir!  What does peace look like?
CNN is a radical left biased media channel. They'll cut your throats faster than a terrorist. Won't WATCH
Why do u legitimize this circus of the left?
Little Marco
ah Marco out on the circuit and back in his comfort zone: talking about people being killed
It's what he does.  He won't talk to constituents. He won't talk to press if inconvenient. He will talk to press if it makes him look good.
As opposed to all those politicians who talk to the press to make them look bad?
1. When he won't address issues important or to constituents, when he won't appear at town halls to discuss issues with constituents
Terrorism and this attack are important to his constituents, as are the events in Venezuela and Cuba that he's spoken about recently
And yet, you r part of the problem. You accept Russian money, you won't show up at a single town hall, you vote 2 harm ur own constituents.
RUBIO 2020
Fake news
@CNN is so clueless. Loan Wolf attack? SMH.
Good fit for you #Republicantraitor #clintonnewsnetwork
@CNN? No thank you
little marco going on on anti trump networks. #Yawn
Tiny, tiny Marco.
