Do something about this .
What a stupid cartoon! Syria is a direct result of Obama's policy not Trump. Their blood is on Obama's hands.
It's a result of both Bush and Obama, actually. But Trump is president now and, just as he called for in 2013, is doing nothing.
Tillerson, on the other hand, said Assad is not our problem. His status can be determined by the Syrian people. Apparently, the dead ones.
I agree with Tillerson 100%. Not one American life should be lost in Syria.
I usually agree w/staying out of others business but we can't stand idle when monsters are using chemical weapons on non-combatants.
Really? Where are the nearby regional Arab states worried about the Syrian children? Why must we intervene from other side of the world?
Glad the French didn't have that attitude when we called for help.
Thankful for Marco Rubio fighting these barbaric acts perpetrated on innocent people!
#palmsunday #aleppo #syria #assad area where normal people live,while u and ur #trump support islamic killers justified by pics like this
heartbreaking ! Humans should behave better than that
Vote no on #JusticeGorsuch or you will just be abetting the people who sealed this lil girls fate.
So sad! 
What about refugees?
shame on you for using this picture to advance your neo-con agenda, thank God there is a hell for those like you.
Poor beautiful child. My heart breaks
Let's kill more babies to save the babies. God save us from your war lust. #EnoughNeoconWars
Who stands to gain more with a 'chemical' weapons attack that kills only 70 people, Assad or the (((people))) against him? #SyriaHoax
Where are pics of dead bodies from Orlando, West Palm Airport, San Bernardino, Ft Hood, Nice, Fr, London, Germany @marcorubio ?
#Syria Chemical Attack: Push For Ousting Bashar al-Assad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQcPZrBbb2Q …
Marco.  The world is not buying it .
Dear Jesus please help these little ones. Heal them, take their pain away. Place your hedges around them. Let no more harm come to them. 
It's implied what happens to people that are killed by bio weapons. Why would you show a dead child to make your political point?
So sad
Not buying what you're selling @marcorubio 
#FakeNewsMedia ONLY shows dead kids to promote pro-Islam
but NEVER dead bodies Islam killed here
@blackrepublican if you are so worried about children, why did you oppose an attack in 2013?
Ppl you are being deceived!   Use your brain not your heart!   Take the emotion out of it!  
These are rebels! They are not innocent.
@nikkihaley and Marco Rubio do not care about massacre of children, what they want is to make war on Russia
Would @nikkihaley ever hold up photos of dead #Yemen children, or do they not have the right skin tone to be sympathetic? 
i do not want to see this. it's sad poor baby. that angel doesnt deserve this
Le monde est cruel!!!
What you said to day was strong & valid but what if world simply stopped arming them? Try it The armaments industry could use cut backs
US backs the rebels. Russian backs Assad. And the arm dealers and manufacturers supplying both sides get filthy rich.
pobres chiquitines inocentes q son afectados por un grupo de locos enfermos extremistas 

USA, listen to @SenRichardBlack. Show to world that your country can act Christianly @realDonaldTrump
Assad is about to defeat ISIS, so why would he suddenly gas women & children to infuriate America? Makes no sense. @realDonaldTrump
Israel was MOST LIKELY behind this attack.Stop bs'ing the American ppl.
Chemical weapons were used in Mosul a few days ago, was Assad the perpetrator there too? Your a cheap war mongering hustler.
Who's war is this? "Not ours." Trump
Where was your outrage after your Zionist killed 504 children in Gaza 2004.
STOP VOTING FOR THE PUTIN AGENDA FOR AMERICA! YOU HAVE VOTED PUTIN/ASSAD EVERY SINGLE TIME. STOP SUPPORTING PUTIN OR QUIT WHINING.
Where's the gloves at??
Our dearest Lord please take this horrible pain away from our little child of God who should not endure such pain only love
..you recognize it's no coincidence attack happen after Tillerson's statement, you'd recognize only rebels could benefit from this attack. 
You suported the most corrupt, unintelligent and inexperienced executive we ever have seen, your hands are not clean
Saw a video of you about the use of chemicals on these people. I was impressed though I've made a bit of fun. I hope others will read this.
Heart broken.....
No one know who used Chemial attack in Syria Israel, Saudi Arab, or Egypt, opposition fighter or Syria government
FALSE FLAG EVENT BY ISIS TO PULL TRUMP INTO SYRIA. WWWIII coming to a theater near you.
Again, ProLifers, your silence is deafening.
So you'll stand up against the ban on refugees from Syria, right? Surely you aren't morally incoherent or spineless?
You are a sad sole
THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING OUT! Where are your other colleagues!!!!
Horrible.
This is heartbreaking
omg. how can this be?
this is why we need a qualified Sec of State. And PRESIDENT for that matter. #Illegitimate #incompetent #impeach45
You had a chance to vote against this unqualified nominee and you didn't.  You are partly responsible for this attack.
Show this to trump. Ask him why he loves putin (who loves assad) so damn much. Do something.
so sad you do not care you keep letting Dump Trump destroy our country vote your ass out 2018
Trump today blamed Obama for the deadly chemical weapon attack in Syria.  Trump didn’t blame Russia, which backs Assad. Trump blamed America
shut your mouth foam boy. The CIC and his generals will handle this. go home to your mommy little marco.
Do something about it, Mr. senator. Stand up to your president. Take charge. Don't let him put Russia and not these people.
#GeorgeSoros must be arrested. He is an Enemy of #America. #Sedition
Agree. Add, this disgraced "doctor" (due to kidnapping journos), whose brother beheaded Jim Foley, got masks 2 days before. WHAT A SETUP!
Stop eating the #WhoreMedia pablum: "Report: Soros-Linked Group Behind Chemical Attack in Syria" https://www.infowars.com/report-soros-linked-group-behind-chemical-attack-in-syria/ … #GeorgeSoros
What I find interesting is that the bare hand Syrian rescuers aren't being affected by cross-contamination of nerve agent from the victims.
This is Heart Breaking and Reason we need Travel Ban
YOu voted for Tillerson, you don't get to complain. YOU support refugee ban. YOU voted against Syrian intervention. You got nothing to say.
Getting rid of Assad is a fine idea, but only if you know what you are replacing him with. Killing Assad doesn't make the problem disappear.
The lie about chemical weapons to for but to attack Syria and divide her
Reviving the ‘Chemical Weapons’ Lie: New US-UK Calls for Regime Change and Military Attack Against #Syria http://bit.ly/2nItFi4  
Chinga tu Madre pendejo! It's BS! No evidence  Assad carried this out. He had no motive or reason.Terrorist supporters like you , yes.
Americans don't want war. We, ur constituents will vote you out if you keep warmongering & Trump/Russia fake narrative #FalseFlag #SusanRice
I haven't agreed with you many things, but i must tell that only few like you are standing up for these children. Salute!!!
Thank you for your stance on this, sir.
This is what you voted for when you voted to confirm Tillerson w/o considering consequences of no experience.  Party before Country, huh?
Why did you vote to confirm Tillerson and DeVos?  Those votes will haunt you. Also, show up for town hall.  Lots of questions.
Very disappointed in Marco. What a fool w/ words. Thot he was going places. Now he's just a wind bag like other politicians.
How do sleep at night knowing you could have done something in 2013? I hope these pictures haunt you forever.
You should be ashamed trump represents your party and values. No longer the party of any kind of moral values.
Mr. Rubio, do you want us to take Assad out and start another vacuum in the Middle East with ISIS and Al Qaeda sharing territory?
Then get on the phone with the UN and force other countries to deal with it. We are not the world's police. The UN can get a job for once.
This genocide has been going on for 6 years.... Haven't you noticed ? How many more of these pictures do you need ?

Sad but no to war
act
Why does your Party not acknowledge you are right... Tillerson/Trump saying " not our issue" emboldened Assad to gas these poor people???
@marcorubio yet you voted to confirm Tillerson. This is on you and other Repubs who confirmed a Putin loyalist as Secretary of State
Glad 2 see someone is going to stand up for these poor children… Even if our president won't! #Trumprussia U2 were a victim of Trump/ Russia
You caved in and let Tillerson in, remember? His comments helped to bring this on. This is on you, too! @realDonaldTrump
Dear Senator Rubio: You could have voted NO for Rex Tillerson! I supported you during primaries to very end-- now I wonder if I wasted my
#SyriaChemicalAttack  You voted against Obama's request to use military force against Syria. You voted 4 Tillerson. Republican Obstruction
Mr Rubio fai qualcosa porcaputtana
Stop blaming our secy of state while u stood back and watched obama do nothing for years
Rubio needs to galvanize the Republicans to 1. Find their morality 2. Stop Trump from wink-wink-nod ok to dictators.
You voted to confirm Rex Tillerson even though he refused to renounce Putin as a war criminal. You have blood on your hands too, Senator.
And maybe we could help those kids by taking them and their families in as refugees. And more.
GRUBYMI NIĆMI SZYTA TA PROWOKACJA
Can you speak out against the atrocity in Nigeria? We love you, Senator Rubio :) Usted es el hombre! Assad must be defeated instantaneously
P.S. that is a kid from philippines with the flu..you have been punked...
Let the record reflect MARCO would send troops to yet another battle...
Ready to send YOUR son MARCO?
And u still support refugee ban?
This is just horrible.
#AHCA is #GOPLegislativeAttack on U.S. Citizens. Just as tragic as what Assad is doing to his people, only, less immediate and less visible.
I don't agree with most of what you stand for, but you're absolutely right on this. We are less for standing idly by and letting this happen
En Venezuela también están muriendo niños, mujeres, hombres Necesitamos USA ayude a Haití República Dominicana Bolivia Ecuador y ganar votos
Thank you for fighting for these people. You renewed my hope that the US protects the innocent and vulnerable.
Senator Rubio, can't we put an end to this? Anything Congress can do?  They are just babies and we can't even bring them here to be safe.
I thought we said ' Never Again'

Wait, you voted YAY for Tillerson, right? Your tweets do not release you from one iota of guilt for this horrific nightmare.
Actions have consequences. Despite knowing it was wrong you voted to confirm Rex. Start doing the right thing instead of being partisan
What can we do
And what leadership action have and will you take on Syria?  Other than tweet and use a trending hashtag?
So what's the difference in governments using sarin or economic denial of healthcare for the poor, disabled and elderly?
I guess you care now. You didn't when you voted in Trump. Trump's buddy Putin and Assad are murderous. By supporting DJT you supported them.
They both suck!  We are on the same page.  This is a complete misunderstanding.
THATS COOL.  BUT I HAVE TO FAX, E-MAIL, CALL, WRITE RUBIO EVERYDAY.  STUCK WITH HIM!
Poor you! He's repulsive with his lack of spine. I'm grateful I have Warren and Markey.
LUCKY!!!!!!!!!  I LOVE THEM!
FLORIDA IS ALL CRAZY REPUBLICANS EVEN MY REP.
RUBIO HAS NEVER DONE TOWN HALL!
I'm from the south so I totally get it.  I fled to California then MA first chance I got!
LUCKY !  I AM HISPANIC BUT BORN HERE IN FLORIDA.  I LOVE NYC!  WOULD LOVE TO LIVE THERE. TOO $$$$ OR CA.!
WISH
Nothing. The end result is the government still kills its own people
Someone's baby. The worlds baby. A human baby. A monster needs to be held accountable.
so sad!!! 
Your president did this.  Are you still supporting him and all his craziness?  If so, why?  If not, what are you doing to stop that monster?

Marco Rubio: It's not a coincidence Syria chemical attack happened right after Rex Tillerson's comments on Assad http://hill.cm/A9XEWfO  
You people do realize this has been going on for 6 years?? And now you're outraged??!! #ThankObamasRedLine
You are partially to blame for inserting a Texas oil thief as the SoS. Next time take your responsibility seriously. Trump Played U, Lil' M.
what do you suggest? You tend to talk loudly but carry a very small stick. You will just fall in line with the party. #coward
this is on your hands. you should have stopped Tillerson and fought for investigation of Trump Russia connection. shame on YOU. do your job!
very very very sad 
Funny how you are screaming about how horrific this is (which it is) but you were not about to let them come into our country for sanctuary
Please keep Russia in your sights and out of our political system.
read your comments about syria and tillerson.  what are you going to do about.  why can't you stand up to Trump.  Why?
beautiful children doomed to die.
I really appreciated your press conference with Senator Cardin. Thank you.
Rubio=R U a PATRIOT or do you RESIST our Democracy?We THE PEOPLE will be strong & as PATRIOTS we will SUPPORT our Government & fight terror
Great work @nikkihaley,  appeasement has consequences.
Ignoring your support of it in closing your eyes to the trump/ putin connections?
This is awful. As former Army Chemical Officer. We need to work with UN.
If you are disturbed enough to tweet about it four times, will you be leading the charge to insist the administration act on this atrocity?
Talk to your boss, DJT, b/c Tillerson said Assad's status can just be determined by the Syrian people. Apparently, he means the dead ones.
Que desgracia
Your confirmation of Rex Tillerson should haunt you and the rest of the @GOP
#SyriaChemicalAttack 
NATO & UN must step in to resolve this urgent crisis. Unity is essential. Senator what difference are you making re: this crisis
Marco, you need to exert pressure on Donald and Rex, lest we become even more of a laughing stock than we already are. What happened to us?
But Putin is a good guy according to out Pres! Probably Russian made chemicals.
If my president @POTUS @realDonaldTrump does not do anything the world will fall into chaos and the use of WMD by evil nations
#Trump is a coward...
Your support of that batshit crazy so called president could bring this to the US. What if it were YOUR child? What would you do then?
Where is your president?
This is just so sad. I believe in a merciful God, but mercy is also about justice.
Russia put treasonous Trump in office and has long supported Assad. Tillerson confirmed. You refuse to investigate and impeach. #complicit
Are you going to hold @POTUS accountable for a response and action? #moreofthesame #alltalknoaction

This is so very sad and heartbreaking. U.S. intervention some how?
Horrific. I wish we could count on our commander in chief to do the right thing.
Heartbreaking, inexcusable....
My heart is sick!
Imagine if this was your little daughter, sister, or relative wherever u maybe!
Oh, & get the Reps together to do something about it! Stop letting innocents get killed in the 100's to 1000's & take out Assad & Cronies!
Nasty word Perception, But maybe when U tweet about something like this, use an Emoticon to show distaste so Ur Twitter pic isn't so THERE!
Your concern means nothing if you can do something and don't. You voted against a "pinprick" strike, whine nothing was done.Do something NOW
It's horrible, but let's not give weapons to TERRORISTS this time to fight it, okay!!! That didn't exactly work out.
The news is horrible from that part of the world. We need to do something.
Remember In 2012 When Capitol Hill Wouldn't Vote To Go Into Syria..
U Left The President Holding This Bag.. U R  The Reason For  This
45th Loves Putin And The Oligarchs
Ronald Reagan would be sending a clear and strong message that WMD are and will never be used against children's
