GLAD SHE WAS FOUND SAFE
TY @MarcoRubio
Your 's in the right place

Endangered missing Tavares woman found safe
Thank God  So Happy all is good & ended well.
kinda like that Rubio guy at town hall meetings
Paid protests keep you from addressing your citizens. How do you think we feel after you were paid to fuck us?
If you live in Central #Florida @marcorubio has been missing from Town Halls since forever

If you see him or his spine pls help

#TrumpRussia
missing? The same way you have from your town halls
Senator, your constituents want to speak with you. How can you refuse them. Remember: you are a public servant.
Kinda like the same way you've been missing from town hall meetings?
show up at your town hall meetings! #Doyourjob!
a special needs child is missing and u care about a town hall meeting please show respect
People can care about both.  Prayers she is found safe.  Prayers Rubio grows a pair.  See?
Once-missing teen with Asperger’s syndrome found safe in Tavares http://fw.to/iXLKHDB 
thank you for caring and taking time. Voted for you and proud of it.
@shiggybythebay @orlandosentinel STOP ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DEPORTATIONS WALL ILLEGITIMATE PENCE CABINET RYAN MCCONNELL CHAFFETZ GOP
and you have been missing since Election...we will look for her...go do Senator things
my Aspie son has been missing since January 5th
I hope she's found soon and I also hope they locate YOU Marco #wheresmarco
Awwwwww, Little Marco! You say #BlackLivesMatter is a racist statement. @GOP will kick you out for posting black teens.
We are looking for you as well.  Show up in Florida at your town hall meetings.
you've been missing too!   #pickupyourphone.
Marco,it must be contagious!Most Republican senators appear to be missing as well,how do we stop this epidemic?
please show respect this is about a missing child with special needs 
I respect the missing and hope for their return. I'm hopeful that senators will respect the non-missing.
another time dude it's just wrong timing
Peace to you man- I hear you, though I respectfully disagree. There's no wrong time to be a patriot.
and you are a typical low-information Trump voter who thinks he knows something. Just like Trump himself.
didn't vote Trump so now what's your excuse for the hate you and your liberal friends spew
may God protect her ..Bless you for sharing!
@SenRubioPress @orlandosentinel she has been found safe
our thoughts and prayers are with her and her family. Praying for safe return!
Has she been found?
How ironic, you are also missing Little Marco. Afraid of your constituents?
@KayeRksass @orlandosentinel thanks, now please MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS

thanks for posting something positive. I have no snark for this post.
we thought you were missing.
your pussy must be very shallow, trumps hands are tiny
what do you care ruvio you will just deport cause she's dark.
Thank you for posting this. I pray that she is found safe!
prayers, I hope she is found and is safe
She has been found safe.
God bless her! Please find her
Thankfully, they found her safe in Taveres.
Great news!
I have a special needs daughter her parents must b devastated. #Prayers for her safe return home swiftly 
also, you've been missing from town halls
I hope she is found safe but these liberals (??) They dont care about life..
trying to look like you have compassion? doubt it
Praying she's found.
We are about to drop an APB missing persons on you. Do your damn job and figure out how to talk to us. We aren't going away.
Hope she is found alive and safe, now back to your disingenuous obstruction.
if the KGB hacked the RNC and HRC had won, wouldn't you want to know how much influence Russian had over the results?
this is a message about a missing special needs child show some respect
hope she found
you've been missing too, right?
this is a child with special needs have a heart for one day pleeze
I have a pacemaker
Praying she will be found safe very soon! 
Praying that she is found safe and return to her family.
I pray for her safe return.  And based on these tweets, I pray for you and our country.
shared
ASK THE RACIST ADMINISTRATION THAT ARE TERRORISTS.... WAKE YOUR CONSCIOUS UP MARCO!
Prayers to her family and her.
Every Where in the country People are going Missing At Rapid Pace
She will be in my prayers now.
Also missing: Marco Rubio.
Really on a missing Persons post
Really! You Are American! On a missing persons post You ask a selfish question
