How bout some prayers for the United States citizens that have been effected by Russian hacking.
Who needs the Russians to hack when the corrupt left uses their former head of our own Justice Dept to spy on their opponents.  Cheaters!
Another woman for this administration to blame for their mental impotence. 100 years ago, when u were in your 50's, Russia was our enemy
Hypocrite ! you hate Russian people. You respect only "Russian" mafia and technocrats
Thanks for your concern Senator! Where's your presidents concern? @realDonaldTrump
President trump called the kremlin personally to send condolences on the loss, good try though!
Remember 

Silent Rubio Fully Supports Putin's Boy Trump over Country.

Who do you Support?
#Russia #SyriaGasAttack @TrumpPressCorp1 .Trump your words and actions count take a good look this blood pain is on your hands @Parker9_
I can't believe the republican are now the party of the Russian the defenders of Putin .. give me a break
Republican now have become Ruski
Maybe Putin did this.   Distraction from protests against Putin government
I won't doubt it. Putin is a sly snake. He and his murderous regime may have plotted this fiasco
man don't act like u care. YOU ARE FRAUD! Only doing things to line your pocket. I'm R & the stuff u vote yes 2 is disgraceful.
your girlfriend DeVos has a brother named Erik Prince (Blackwater) Get your ass down off your shoulders get with the program.
At least you sent prayers to the lastest Terror attack!Obama did for London /NONE for St. Petersburg!Obamas True self is showing!PPL R PPL
How about our lousy leader speaking of this or the humanitarian nightmare in Syria?? Him personally!
How about prayers for the Syrians killed by chemical attack. You voted in Tillerson...what's he got to say?! You?!
Agreed, Senator Rubio, how can we feel safe with the current populist trends that empower people like Nicolas Maduro! I worry for our future
See I knew u r 4 Russia, remember Allepo
If you confirm Gorsuch you're a damn puppet as well.
Your "prayers" should be for the people of Florida who you harm with nearly every action you take. So now you're part of #russiagate #RESIS
phonie
Pray and condemn! It's all you seem to do these days, Senator.
#SyriaChemicalAttack
This is all Putin, with support from @potus and the @gop.
Hi Marco, why no statement on Susan Rice unmasking story? Your colleagues Ted and Rand did the right thing. Should we expect same from you?
Where are your prayers for the people of Ukraine?
Watch you don't get hit by lightning ! Prayers for Russia. You should be investigated too!
PLEASE PLEASE FIGHT THE GORSUCH NOMINATION!!
really Marco you hypocrate I thought you wished to nuke these guys
Stop your president from tweeting misinformation. It's a direct attack on our democracy and our institutions. We are headed to dictatorship!
How about prayers for the America you all are letting Trump ruin.
The attacks in Russia horrible . Also horrible the Russian terrorism against US.  Join McCain and Graham to drill down. Country first.
Amen
The English teacher in me. Today's
blame them for it, you do for everything else #redscare #mccarthyist #dnchacks
Thank you for your kind words, sir.
Please protect America and stop supporting Putin/Trump. You are a hypocrite and are going to get a lot of Americans killed.
Prayers going out to them, us & the world! But US Govmt needs to tread carefully in Russia's issues. Hope this was not a Putin act.
Wake up!
COWARD Rubio vote him out
Amen.
Why nobody is talking about the repressions and all killed journalist?
Really ? Russians ??

How come you haven't blamed Putin yet, Liddle Marco?
Our prayers for USA with Trumps idiotic rants
Lovely to have at least one member of our government acknowledge a world outside of Fox News.
At least someone is being presidential...
Putin wants muslim war ASAP 4 Trump cover Russians in green disguise have killed civilians B4 in Ukraine & killed 298 civilians on flight 17
You also chair the sub-committee on atmosphere, oceans and fisheries. Where is your voice on climate change and the EPA. Declare yourself.
Is the case of use 1 stone to kill 2 birds? A diversion from bomb that we dropped that killed 200+ #Syrians and #TrumpRussiaCoverUp 
Any word yet on getting back your old job washing the cocaine dealer's watch dog?
No doubt a gathering of Putin's Trump Brigade who needed to be disappeared.
You chair the sub- committee on Foreign affairs so I get your focus. You chair other committees, and your voice is absent on domestic issues
Terrorism, whether from internal or external sources is as abhorrent as war.
Talk to Trump about this and ask him when the Russians are going to start knocking off Americans.  You know they are coming
Remember Putin is not the Russian ppl! The ppl that are suffering today because of this horrific bombing!
our prayers go out to all those affected by this tragedy
Agree! Prayers for the harmed!!
Putin will use more than prayer. Watch this guy handle terrorism and take a lesson. No apologies! Just action.
Yes, it's very sad! U know what else is sad? Allowing our democracy 2 B destroyed by your partisan politics! & U afraid 2 meet constituents
Irrelevant
Where was ur prayers for the Colombian looks like anything below the United States don't count. All wkend  I did not c any tweets from you
Thank you for being more Presidential than our @POTUS!
Guess what mr Rubio - as a Florida voted I can tell you for sure - you won't be voted in again
Completely irrelevant
The Intolerable Left peaches acceptance, yet they spew the most hate & vitriol. Why would they pray for a Russian ? Dems unacceptable. !!
Praying doesn't help anyone
Careful Marco or you'll be dragged into the Russian conspiracy !!!  Seriously tho, Prayers to those Russians that where injured.
Wow are there actually holes in the #Russia #Putin dictatorship or was this set up by the #Kremlin itself? @USNATO we know the truth
We should verify it's a "bombing" first.Some reports say boiler exploded.Always best to wait and get the facts before tweeting IMHO
Hey bro won't you have to violate your own beloved embargo to help the victims receive crisis aid resources #endembargo #raisemilkprices
Tragic loss of lives,  with you!

God bless Russian
send your prayers for America asking him to get Trump out and our Country back into the hands of sanity Mexico is now looking to Germ.
Look @realDonaldTrump even Lil Marco is more presidential than you...
Shouldn't your response come from @potus??? Just sayin'
Nothing from POTUS. You might wanna get on him and tell him he needs to be considerate. His concern is STILL Hillary. Wake up GOP!!!!'
Your condolences don't mean shit, when Trump, is trying to kill US! Just no bloodshed as of yet! Questioning your re-election, Rubio!
Huh? What does that even mean?
Are you going to support HR 669 to protect the American people from POTUS's excessive behavior?
Did we pass a bill to protect from Obama's excessive behavior? That's right we didn't. Now shut up
Never once did I fear President Obama would indiscriminately nuke someone. And telling me to shut up is excessive .
Leftists are excessive
Any prayers for those killed, assaulted, or intimidated by white supremacists or racists?
Why are you trying to switch the subject?
The hate is just overwhelming. Cant we unite for a minute when people die and express sorrow together.
Prayers for all USA citizens attacked by Russian modern warfare w/active measures disinformation and cyber crimes & who suffer tRump's evil
Is there any problem in usa regarding your president . I dont that am from india.... just  for knowing
We join you in praying for the innocent people who were killed in Russia and pray they find out who did this as soon as possible.
The same people who hacked the DNC and colluded with the Liar in Chief @realDonaldTrump #russians
I love how this stuff is said as 'fact' now. Run & Hide, the Russians r comin - sigh
People like yourself wouldn't believe it if you saw it with your own eyes!

Prayers up for Russia
no hashtag #Istandwithrussia ?!?! You understand that by trying to penalize Putin, you end up penalizing the Russian people.
sarcasm detected
Better get going on the Russian thing buddy.
To bad RUSSIA returns the favor by ATTACKING YOU! #trumprussia
PRAYING.......
Careful. MSM will have your collaborating with Russia over your sympathies.
