About 87% of Republicans think Russia is a non issue. The American people aren't that interested in knowing.
Obama tried to interfere with Israel election. Why isn't that an issue?
In the '90s the U.S. meddled in Russian elections -- Putin never forgot that humiliation. But we're talking about obstruction of justice.
You should update this remark in light of recent events. President not under investigation, Flynn cleared, speak up
When are you going to punish Russia for hacking our election?
It is not about media reports.. it is whether @POTUS violated laws.  Why are you focused on the media?  Focus on the potential crime.
Republicans need to repeal or replace oboma care!
Wouldn't in better serve Americans if you politicians worked to fix the ability of our system to be hacked. Not all these stupid hearings?
Good to see u as a Trump sycophant. Your family must be sooo proud. U & Pence @ NASA, daring him to do what 'ordinary' people should not do.
Stop caring about party and concentrate on what's best for the country. Do your job. You're a disappointment to all Latins! #DoYourJob
Vote No to repeal the ACA! You will not be voted back into office if you make the choice to vote yes!
There's Nothing about russia in voting machine. @realDonaldTrump gov't's problem is only in July 2018.
Rubio you are an embarrassment!! Doing everything to help a man that insulted you like crazy. I guess Trump was right to call you Lil Marco
As a Floridian, I have to wonder which party you belong to - GOP or Dems? Dems are throwing crap @ GOP & POTUS, and you're playing it safe??
I'm also a Floridian. I've voted for Senator Rubio 3 times and I'm very pleased with him right now.
Get that Wall built/barbed wire ice police on the top of a tower stop drugs , terrorism infestation it is a matter of National Security
End Sanctuary cities&illegal Immigration it has broken up American families for too long brought in infestation the cost of health care rose
You say this and yet the new chair has decided the committee isn't going to spend time on the Russian-Trump connection.
Wow...brilliant observation...
Car replaced Horse & Buggy, Email replaced Post&Stamp, Trump replaced outdated Politicians
We also need to know what you're going to do?
I wish the Republicans were as vocal as Nancy Pelosi & had 1/2 her CAJONES.  Only Trump is punching back to speak for us.
As a registered voter, I object to my information being given to a Federal voting commission. This is unnecessary.Trump won.Why investigate?
Get health care repelled. Americans should NOT be FORCED to buy a government product or be punished. Change it or get out !
REMOVE THIS INSOLENT, ANTI-AMERICAN (LOW LIFE RUBIO), FROM THE GOVERNMENT!!! THE BLOOD OF JESUSCHRIST AGAINST RUBIO!!AMEN!!
You sir are the definition of a coward. Grow a spine & hold some town halls here in Orlando. Listen to the people you supposedly represent!
Gonna beat up some people in wheelchairs today? Gonna injure folks having them dragged away? Here's a crazy thought - LISTEN TO THEM!
By the way, more than unfair, Marco. More like Dems actively trying to undermine a duly elected president.
Lil Marco get some pride and stop kissing Trump's ass. I hope he hands you some tissue to wipe his ass. #DonaldTrump #MarcoRubio #impeach
Will you ever face the people who elected you in a town hall? We have concerns about the senate health care proposal.
Senador con todo mis respeto se van a quedar con los Brazos crusados mientra que estos narcoterroristas Matan a los venezolanos
WHY r u  SILENT about TRUMPCARE? You have to explain your voters WHY you support this MEAN, Heartless BIll. NO hiding behind the VA BIll!
You RINOs need to get CAJONES like Pelosi.  Get to work on the Trump agenda without excuses and vacations until it's implemented.
If u RINOs don't implement before summer recess you will be punished at the BALLOT box.
I have to wake up earlier! I am glad I saw you this morning.missed some of it so thankful for video's praying it provides #medical # child

Little Marco shrinks down to Trump’s size - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/little-marco-shrinks-down-to-trumps-size/2017/06/19/637f4f9c-5516-11e7-a204-ad706461fa4f_story.html …
Strangling the press only reaffirms how little faith POTUS has in the American people to discern fact from fiction.Shameful!
Must b preparing for his own run for POTUS...
Why cant you gather a special interest group to investigate Loretta Lynch, and the real criminals? I thought republicans reigned?
Don't dump Obama care.  Dump Trump
If you want to see the constitutional authority given to men & women to unite the militias, keep supporting this scam of a witch hunt.
Senator....what you said today about POTUS investigation was a good thing....you kept it real....it's appreciated....
In Venezuela, 2 hours:30 from sunny FL, Venezuelan dictatorships government uses PDVSA's trucks to transport 1700 pounds Cocaine.
We didn't get to know anything let alone "everything" about crooked Hillary & her blackberry busting, bleaching etc. The Dems are dishonest.
It's ok w/you that Mueller breaks Fed. & ethics regulations by egregious conflict of interest w/Comey & legal team that helped fund Hillary?
@SenRubioPress Then do something.  Stop this witch Hunt. Either ya'll do what we voted for and keep doing nothing for America.
This is nothing but a political witch-hunt. There isn't a shred of evidence against trump, but no one there with any backbone to stop it.
Didn't you hear the multiple times the Senators said in hearings they're not sure what to ask because everything has already been reported
Rubio you are an embarrassment!! Doing everything to help a man that insulted you like crazy. I guess Trump was right to call you Lil Marco
The president stood with you on CUBA..it's now TIME for you to stand behind him! SICK of the RUSSIAN FIASCO!
If republicans don't fight Dems with same ferocity the Dems exhibit we will loose this country to the EXTREME  LEFT. FIGHT BACK!
Sen. Feinstein suggests investigating Lynch & the SILENCE from the Rep is DEAFENING! if Rep don't fight back ur gonna loose my vote forever
Seriously? Dems won! They got u believing this BS might be true. Republicans just too gutless! Dems are laughing their asses off.
I wonder if Great Britain's equivalent to our FBI would handle an investigation like ours in the limelight- FBI has me totally 
Senator, I am one of your constitutes. My concerns are, Mueller is a avid Hillary supporter, great friends of Comey! Mueller needs to go!
Honestly could you be anymore wishy-washy? Your continued silence speaks for you & we hear it loud & clear. My Senator, what a shame!
Thank u 4 trying to keep this honest and on track. Please continue in hopes of ending this ridiculous witch hunt.there is work 2 b done.
These hearings keep shifting the agenda this is unamerican. If they hacked elections you are questioning the wrong ag it should be lynch
Grow a pair. Truth is what you owe the American people.
Americans are sick & tired of these costly,endless hearings. Get Healthcare & Tax Reform done! MAGA, we support A.G. Sessions 101%
Senator Rubio. Respect for asking real questions!
Thank you for asking relevant q's to Sessions today.
Obama created th collusion accusation2excuse his spying on&unmasking of TrumpWorld.Dems have used that lie to undermine @POTUS
Please stop enabling Trump. You know full well #trumplies. He is corrupt. #trumprussia took presidency from you as well. #impeachtrump
time 2end Mueller investiga tired of tax$ spent on investigation searching 4a crime!Where's the crime
.@newtgingrich: "Comey himself, by his own testimony, tainted this particular process." 
uknow aswell as we do a crime is committed 1st then u investigate,what the whole committee is doing is setup ofa police state
& the only one truly under investigation was Comey the whole time WTF!
Looks like your about to put up Trumpcare causing death of many Americans. Is there a biblical quote for that?  Certainly not Matthew 25
Excellent. And true.

Who do you believe? Trump or comey?
Spot on ! We need to know !
Great job @marcorubio
Not lil' Marco
why not say clearly untrue?  #fakenews
Breaking: DC reporters are NOT tweeting the line where Comey destroys their anonymous sourced narratives.
The fact that coats was not willing to discuss in open forum, does not mean it didn't happen. You're a schill, a phoney, & partisan hack.
Absolutely right
We all know Trump is the Pablo Escobar of liars. Looking for strong GOP leadership.
if tweets by the president are true its fair to the public but if tweets by the president are untrue its unfair to the public
Today America ei learn who really can put country before party. We expect this to be about Comey, Russia ams trump. Nothing more or less.
I don't hand you many kudos.  Today you earned it.  Thank you, Senator.  Keep pressing for the truth we need for USA to move forward.
Stop talking sense, it's confusing!
Good job asking though questions, but bad decision having dinner with the President at this moment.   Bad timing!
Why do I suspect that this video will be replayed in the near future when different facts are revealed? 
Very impressed with @senmarcorubio today. Good to see some members of @GOP are interested in finding out the truth. Thank you.
ps- how was your dinner with Trump?
jeepers this musta been frustrating
What media reports do many?
Now that Comeys testimony gore tomorrow is out. Get off your high horse stop being a sore loser abs work for the people. Nothing there
Then the "president" needs to stop acting like a 10 year old child who just got Twitter and REALLY tell us what's up
Media reports untrue in the "land of the free" How does that work @marcorubio @POTUS is a #Russian proxy & @GOP is ok with that? Shame
Be brave, stand by the constitution and ask hard questions. Facts matter, politics don't.
And you all checked your spines and testicles at the door and once again let the Democrats and media control the narrative. .@SenRubioPress
I hope you see through Comeys opening statement. He is trying to protect himself.It is written like a page in a drama book.His insecurities
Didn't get to see whole thing but this 5min clip was outstanding.  Well done! (Btw, I was not your supporter for POTUS.) Just being honest.
I was impressed with your line of questioning and am curious about the lack of willingness to answer by this panel.
Pretty good job
Please switch your loyalty from Trump/Putin to America. We are defenseless against Russian attacks on US without your help!
You know the media is lying! Stop the charades. Puppet Robot Rubio. #Little Marco.
Why would you EVER BELIEVE the media Marco????  SERIOUSLY?  Here's a quarter by a clue!!!
He will give you cake tonight if you help him out tomorrow. Dinner tonight =
Obstruction period have a nice dinner.
Excellent work today! I wish you could have gotten more clear answers but it wasn't for a lack of effort! I hope you run for president again
Very brave fence sitting, mini-McCain
I heard you had dinner with Pres last night...WHY? Just before the Comey hearing...Really?  I hope you didn't sell your soul during dinner
Good job, Senator Rubio.  I'm so glad you chose to remain in the Senate.
Very good give the man a lollipop
The waffle king strikes.
Buenas Tardes Senador Marco Rubio acabo de enviarle un email solicitando reunion urgente. Gracias !
Absolutely. Either way, we need to know. However, I do not trust Sessions to tell the truth.
Correct? That would be the point of an investigation?
Also if you're reading @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @WSJ, good bet it's mostly correct
In other words, the notion of "fake news" from these established outlets is, inherently, FAKE
@stephenfhayes "unmasking" is evidence and no one knows? Everything else is hearsay. Congress will lose creditability along with the Media.
Get out of politics!!!
You just asked the same questions that the Dems asked. You are wasting everyone's time!!You said u would get of politics. Now is the time.
You speak for me Mr Rubio....... I want the damn questions answered.
LividBait n switch dog n pony circus Some of us give a  about 702 Your elitist pompous body turned it into an OFF TOPIC #witchhunt
Question should b can any of the calls from ppl connected to the Prez b construed to b an attempt to exert influence..ur questions r 2narrow
Wow. They sb cited for contempt for refusal to answer questions. & u need to b careful ur pointed questions aren't so narrow. Sound bites.
I think you know Senator, that most of what is being reported is True- I expect you to push harder to get that truth out.  WE deserve it.
What's true that there's not a shred of evidence to support the lying demorats? Because that's what they've all said.
oh there is plenty of evidence out there in the IC community ~ that's why Mueller. U picked who u want to believe.I picked who I want to.
If it's classified to speak to the substance of the report, it's true. If you cannot say definitively it's false, then it's true. It's true.
By not answering you are making the media report appear true.  Is it or isn't it.
Well ask the hard questions leave no doubt
@MarlaMHughes so what is your hunch Senator?
Continue to ask the tough questions needed to get to the bottom of this.
Marco did a great job today. The witness stonewalling was very curious.
I rarely compliment you sir. But take a bow, you did good today.
My problem is - all the time our US intel has spent on Trump investigation and have not found evidence, totally confuses me- what is point?
The American People pay their salaries. They work for us.  I don't wanna is not a legal answer to questions
How was that dinner? #trumppuppet
You've now become a lapdog for Trump.  Grow a set. Be your own man.
No comment.
Enough is enough.... Focus on healthcare and tax reform!!
OK, but that's been the case since the beginning of the USA. What are you trying to say? The .@GOP is just being subservient to .@POTUS.
