What point does it prove MARCO ??
Not accurate at all! Iran threaten us Army must go away from Iran borders in this case.
Read the article again. 
Read it yourself! 
I didn't see that statement in the article at all.
Persia or now Iranians  sponsored terrorist long time ago, the whole world  knows.
They have ALREADY been sponsoring terrorism for years and years.  More after Obozo gave them billions.
Indeed, it does.
Kind of. But not exactly. Demagogues use this word technique for personal agenda. Where war is concerned such an approach is irresponsible
QED
Brock Adams needs to be relieved at FEMA. He cannot ignore the Mayor of San Juan and other elected officials. The response is a disgrace
“Brock Adams” is an anti-USA UN propagandist. FEMA’s Brock Long did a great job w/zero appreciation from MSM/Dems who politicized disasters
so they can blame Trump/FEMA for Puerto Rico’s $75 B debt, history of corruption,& BO’s $880B failed promise to rebuild USA’s infrastructure
I think you’re confusing Iran and Saudi Arabia
no He confuse  US with  iran
Because of you buddy Trump little Marko and him trying to pull out of treaty what would you do little Marko
You are just throwing crap out there to see what sticks. I’d get pissed with us too. You are deplorable and a known ass kisser.
If US designates the Shia grp ‘terrorist’ but leaves off either Sunni grp Muslim Brotherhood or CAIR then we know whose pulling strings> SA.
Backing out of Iran deal would not jeopardize U.S. diplomacy with North Korea #IranDeal #JCPOA
Not quite accurate.
You're told wrong. Iran threatens to treat US troops as if they're members of ISIS.
What point does it prove Senator? That the USA ignores international agreements? P5+1.
US army/CIA is more look like a terrorist sponsoring entity
It looks like #Iran´s Ayatollahs R showing their real personalities without wearing any masques!Let it happens once 4 ever so #BlacklistIRGC
>@realDonaldTrump MUST designate Iran's most powerful security force, the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corp as a terrorist organization.
Actually, no it doesn't.
#GOP had made modest gains & a shift from its past. There will NOT be an #IranWar similar 2 #IraqWar.
Do you have any evidence of this? Because it's sure as hell not mentioned in the article you posted, you intellectually dishonest creep
Marco.... your a nothing now. You’ve already cemented your legacy and it was falling in behind Trump.
Why doesn't Iran designate the US as a state sponsor of terror? It would be just as meaningful.
How about first standing up to the terrorists and maniacs in your own party, tough guy?
You, sir, are a fool
So in your book fighting against ISIS is "sponsoring terrorism".
It didn't bother trump family crime org doing business w/them to build Baku Tower! But you already knew that, so stop with your FAKE outrage
You mean they don’t sponsor it now?
You're so clever Marco, oh and your POTUS is a psychotic drama queen that you support and enable. Good night
Terrorist walk our streets What about that Rubio?
Weren't they already?!
Marco would you also call Trump a terrorist for totally annihilating N Korea
Why you lying for, you know very well iran is posing no danger to anyone but your thirst of war and blood is itching for a war
If you plan/start another war bring back the draft. See how that works for you. Saw u running away from protesters will I run to war??
Should be will u run to war??
Speaking of foreign relations, where do you stand on the Senate's Committee on Foreign Relations Bob Corker's comments on POTUS?
I don't see where they "threaten[ed] to sponsor terrorism." You just made that up.
Should we give them amnesty too, Marco? ??
Let’s skip everything and let Dotard Trump and u push the button.No need for wall,healthcare or ur bible verses that u don’t practice

T was doing deals with them in Azerbaijan and you were ok with that.  If you really care, do something about this disastrous administration.
When does the impeachment start for the guy in the WH?
I'm sure you'll fix it with proverbs. 
Or trump could kick can down the road like last 3 presidents and let NK nuke CA your choice#California better start using some common sense
It's only terrorism when other countrties say it or do it , not what U.S say or do?
Why are you more concern about this group and not kkk, neo nazi, and other white supremacist groups. It's all about who's the victim.
All countries should inform the U.N. that they are withdrawing from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, then six months later they are out
Hmm a certain @realdonaldtrump threatened 2 wipeout NK so r u sayin  Potus is a terrorist?
Trump and Republicans have proven that all small countries need nuclear weapons to protect themselves from the US.
Screw it let's just nuke #Iran and #NorthKore and all these problems will be solved and rest of the world won't fl with #USA
your boss proves the point every day that he is unfit& still u can't stand up to him. Your integrity tank was 3/4 full in debates..now empty
Yes let’s designate as Terror Grp so we can get y’r Prez for taking money from a terror group for his hotels.
indeed, its like US brands others as terrorists everything is OK, but when others brand US a terrorist, something is wrong 
I see the GOP is silent on trump not implementing the Russian sanctions! 
Thanks to trump but y'all are to busy kissing his a@s!!
Oh my gosh!
Repeal Obamacare.
Build the wall.
Rubio the RINO.
It's clear this admin is looking to start WW3 by antagonizing other countries into war. Guys like Rubio never served but yearn for war.
well Don will get his highest ratings yet..
Strong words from a dictator wanna be!  tRump is going to get us all killed!
@MiamiHerald Rubio likes to state the problem, but never offers solution. Even his bible quips offer no solutions.
Why would this be a change in Policy for Iran? Seems like what they have been doing for years.
What a joke They are already terrorists #RubioKnows
The paper tiger speaks again. Iran couldn't beat Iraq, what make them think their revolutionary guard is going to harm us.
Gun Control in the USA , that a immediate problem Not Iran
Stop this crap Marco. We are causing most of the issues in the world throug Trump's and your irresponsible behavior.
Who Cares! Just another meaningless threat and President Trump is leading us finally!#DrainTheSwamp
What do you expect?
One question- what guarantee do we have they aren't doing that already.
I think this would be a very good time for Iran to keep it's head down and be very quiet.  Bully Rep POTUS' tend to attack safer targets.
I know you're not really this dumb
Marco, what is it when a president threatens to exterminate an entire country?
Leadership
Yes it does prove a point that you & the GOP want to perpetuate more terrorism by backing out of the Iran deal.
Shocker
Why manipulate his words? Seriously, what do you take the readers for? "sponsor terrorism"??? He said "decisive & crushing".
Please do this Mr. presidentand F**k the Mullahs
Pretty sure they already support terror so what more can they do?
I read that Trump has done business with the Revolutionary Guard via Kazakhstan project.  Look it up.  Might be a conflict of interest here.
And then it’s time to deal with those terrorists.  Better deal with it now.
We better be ready to implement the draft! We had it for the greatest generation and it will force Americans to wake up and be more involved
If war is declared, the draft automatically activates. At least that's what I read in my research.
RECO  GROPP ....  NOT  VİZE   
It makes no rational sense to cancel the Iran Deal. So of course, the clueless, spineless, soulless Marco Rubio  supports that!
Can I have a copy of the Iran deal seems you know exactly what's in it and what it does I would love to read it so I can judge it good/bad

Pgrabber threatens to terrorize the world.
Yep!
So, no change.
Here we go again someone telling us what to do ....
When are we going to take care of this rouge nation. How many American servicemen & women have been killed by them?
Does that make Trump a terrorist for promising "Fire and Fury the world has never seen" ?
Marco, Iran  (and most of our Allies) will be beyond our diplomatic reach if we BREAK OUR AGREEMENT to IRAN
Saudi Arabia is a BIGGER threat due to the FACT they fund ISIS, Al Queda n Taliban. You n ur colleagues @GOP colluding with Russia. #traitor
I didn’t read that statement in the article at all
They're already there.
Wow like they haven't been doing it.
You were the kid who always came home crying bc ppl made fun of you for being a wimp weren't you? Thats why you were unqualified to be POTUS
They meant to say, they will continue to sponsor terrorism
Can you blame them. Trumps breaking the countries word. The deal is done.
Nuke Em !
Uh. Iran is the #1 state sponsor of terror NOW
I thought it was white men, oh that's just in the US
Wasn't half the terrorist created by the United States anyways 
You finally coming out of your hole????
Because Trump is dealing with fire if he breaks the deal with Iran! God only knows what arsenal Iran really has!
Go back to your Bible.  You have no credibility...you who voted to destroy our HCare etc.
I can't imagine why I should believe anything you say.
#marcorubio kneels to his sponsor #nra.

3.3 mill. dollars proves the point.

#gop gun terror is part of American life.
$3.3 million?  Citation needed.  Oh wait, no that's split over 20 years. So less than $150,000. Rubio has been senator for only 6 years now
As opposed to the US terror group we call our military?
Marco Rubio is willing to terrorize Americans with a GOP tax fraud robbing Americans of Medicare and Medicaid #GOPKillsAmericans #GOPFraud
Wow... Breaking News!!
That's Iran why do we care
Any thoughts on the unbalanced world leader who's so bloodthirsty keeps undermining his own country's diplomacy efforts?
Kind of like Trump’s plan is working? This was part of his plan, right? Nothing like no diplomacy
Why not THEY are doing everything we asked when we made deal
All you have to do is keep Trump tweeting and the GOP will get their shalacking in 2018
So you son of Dotard accuse Iran of sponsoring terror? what terror group, can you name one? Hezollah is not a terror group.
Really?
Don't worry my fellow American even if they did get wise to us they are forgetting 1 thing
When did they stop sponsoring terrorism?
Yes it does.
...they already do...? What a dumb threat
Worst kept secret in geopolitics
You do realize last 8yrars we almost doubled our debt even some dems admit their policies don't work
