It's a Republican disaster
That's fantastic. Now fix the root cause of delayed help by getting rid of the blowhard in chief.
About time!!!! Breaks my heart to see them in such horrible condition
First ever like of a Rubio tweet.
Thank you for taking action.
Shall we assume they brought water, gas, food, chainsaws, shovels, and disaster aid experience? Or just government expense accounts?
Not going with Marco?
Thank you for your work.
It's about time you got off your ass
Didn’t the storm happen like a week ago.
Why aren't choppers there to deliver supplies to those unreachable by land Senator?
Maybe the choppers are for search and rescue?  You know this is on a island, right?
He's just worried about the future flood of PR voters - they will burry him and the GOP in FL.
@patribotics THANK YOU! I am a Dem, but this situation has nothing to do with party. We are all Americans. 
Lift the Jones Act #liftthejonesact
get them out of the staging area and into the shit .....with cameras !
Did U bring a plane load of supplies?
FEMA also arrived, but w/out supplies!
Disgusted by GOP & Trump's failure 2 avert humanitarian crisis.
Why are the shipping containers, which are loaded with supplies, just sitting at the dock in PR? Why are the supplies not getting to people?
Maybe they don't have vehicles or clear roads to deliver them? You must know the logistics are daunting. It's an ISLAND.
Ask about the cargo containers full of supplies.  No trucks to move them.
Do you think this stuff happens magically overnight?
Maria hit PR 10 days ago.
People will die of dehydration, kidney failure.
People have already died in hospital for lack of fuel.
Yes, it is a tragedy.  All that can be done is being done.
Great where are they?
Action is eloquence.

@WmShakespeare
Thank you for that, @SenRubioPress.  Now can someone on your staff explain to BLOTUS the part about Puerto Ricans being fellow Americans?
How about lifting the Jones Act and start making decisions to help PR?
GOD Bless Yu Marco and God bless yur staff
Thank you for this help for our fellow Americans @SenRubioPress Does the President realize they are Americans as well? HELP!!! 
Well good for them. Hope they brought supplies. And gas
Meanwhile, in an alternate universe: President Rubio launches an ambitious disaster relief & rebuilding mission to Puerto Rico.
Marco, a leader leads...that means you want and actually go yourself.  This is why your career isn't going as well as you'd hoped.
Today I'm proud of both my Senators!  Good on you.
Thanks Senator Rubio.
Thank you. I disagree with you politically on just about everything, but this was the right thing to do.
Big fucking deal. U are a US senator. Quit patting urself on the back. Get ur leader in the WH to stop obstructing and do something
The best way is for you and the rest of the scum senators is to reverse the Jones act asap.  There are many PR voters looking at what u do
Tell the director of DHS someone YOU approved to lift the #JonesAct
Four people they need thousands of people and help now
Are they truck drivers or just 4 more mouths to feed?

Can medically needy and vulnerable people be evacuated to Florida?
Just curious, but what are 4 staffers going to do besides consume scarce resources? We need a cavalry!
Good. Doing something always beats saying something. And PR has no senator, so they need others to represent them.
It’s about time. How long ago was the hurricane now?
DOES TRUMP KNOW....DONT TELL HIM PLS SO YOU CAN GET SOMETHING DONE LIKE SAVING LIVES
Four people.  You went all-out.
Why did not all senators get together and ask for a commercial airliner to be donated and take all that wanted to go and help?? Think Big and Team!!
Marco Rubio is the gas Trump passed after eating bean burritos.
Thanks!
Do they pay Federal taxes? If not, no bail out.
Waive the #JonesAct. Just like we did for Irma and Harvey just 3 weeks ago.
I am sure all 5 of u can do lots to help the 3.5 Million people.  Perhaps go back to DC & get the President & your party to send aid?
I stand corrected, all 4 of u.  I thought you went with them
Staying in D.C. just to make sure you don't miss an unexpected opportunity to strip HC from 35 million citizens?
You should be howling at Trump to do more. Weak.
Thank you! I live in SWFL & just dealt w/ Irma. I can't even begin to imagine what's happening in PR
Way move quick but you are kind of lazy and have a terrible Senate voting record
Are you going to travel out with Sen Menendez?
You've done so much for the island! Puerto Rico needs its own representation so you aren't alone looking out for it. Please push for statehood!
Did they bring 50,000 troops with them?
Congress needs to declare a debt moratorium or cancel PR's crushing 70-80 Billion in debt or she will never get to her feet.
Thank you.  Now please say something on Trump's pitiful and hateful response to this crisis.
You owe the people of Puerto Rico for blocking bankruptcy process..
Oh no, how did they get there? There's a really big ocean.
Please work to restrict Jones Act for Puerto Rico.
Marco las sanciones contra Ccs no hacen nada,cual es el proximo paso?no confies en Julio Borges Ni Ramos Allup quieren mantener el StatusQuo
Hey, this is America. Speak Russian!
You seem engaged on the issue but the rest of Congress and the President don't. 

Isn't it time to bring in the Military to help?
Good thing you people don't drive ambulances for a living!
Are they bureaucrats or engineers?
You could help by slapping some sense into Donald.
I have to agree with you
@SenRubioPress thank you for putting your people there
This is about America. Not race, not party. This is what Americans do.
Could you spare the water?
I disagree with you on virtually everything, but this is a good thing.
I mostly do too. But he has stepped up on this and it's appreciated.
THANK YOU
Thank you, Senator, for helping ALL Americans.
