Prayers are no better than placebos. Just shut up, Marco, there's a good boy.
It's hard to believe why liberals keep losing elections...
We don't pray hard enough?
Yeah let's go with that
Cool, we'll pray harder and Trumpski, the Republicans and their enablers from Russia & Wikileaks stop cheating and lying. Deal!
Not the point. Thread is full of pointless condescending remarks for someone offering support to victims of a terror attack
To end: he didn't offer support. He offered prayers. Something that is of 0 use, doesn't inconvenience him, plays well with his base
To some people that does matter. Who are you to say it doesn't? Again, you offer your version of support and he can offer his
There is no re-election bid that you can run on tragedy this time.
your tweet at this moment says a lot about you, and it ain't good
What it says is the opportunist Rubio used the Orlando tragedy as part of his cynical reelection. Facts.
bless your partisan heart buddy, prayers for manchester
Yes, prayers for Manchester.
So you want to sit on your hands like Obama did hey? Someone who couldn't even say ISIS and called them JV, now are rampid. Obamas fault
How about all the terrorism deaths in Yemen?  More prayers?

And just how effective is it to pray?  Got any facts to support that idea?
I have great sympathy for the victims of this attack. But I can't bring myself to pretend that prayers have any effect whatsoever. #Magic
Support Trump or go home. Stop crying about this and that.
WRONG. You go home. Try Russia. Putin loves authoritarianism. You'll fit right in.
Wring canel breath,  support our President.

Last I checked Obama won a majority of the voters and last I checked he didn't collude with the Russians to win !
Neither did Trump,
Who is President camel breath?
dear Marco, Jesus demonstrated that the trials that we face in our lives gives us character to overcome the snares that weighs us down.
Perhaps you can do something about it and help!!
Another hypocrite praying.
Hahahahaha wow you're a sad sack of bones. 
Think your prayers will stop this ? They've been working wonders on stopping the mass shootings here in the USA !
Is that all we are doing is praying? We need to take these guys out. Enough PC talk, take action
#Mueller should add this to Special Inquiry ASAP. Leaks getting out of control, and DC did it after 7/7 attacks too. #ManchesterBombing
Your tweet mean jack shit. Close the damn borders to these shithead's!!!
Rip
You never supported Obama so why support anyone Donald? Obama actually won by a landslide too
Prayers without a supporting action are just meaningless words. Every life lost matters. Too many die needlessly.
Or WH for that matter
Get your butt behind our PRESIDENT
Fraud
For sure!!
It's time for prayers not politics. Thank you Senator Rubio,  is praying with you for people in Manchester.
US ppl might be,Rubio?v doubtful!he says whatever looks good to voters!!
All of us  join you  only  small  question  to Mr  Blair
Not how our IC should show appreciation for @metpoliceuk, @gmpolice, or UK JTAC entities. Shame on #FBI agent who slipped it to @nytimes.
course they r u fraud!!u dont give a single goddam fuck about ppls lives,only the $!!
Yes prayers for the people of Manchester and also all your constituents that will get Medicaid cuts.  Pray for those people as well.
And those Prayers are about as useful as the out-of-touch laws that fail to protect our culture from these animals.
but that means nothing…
and wait the next。
That's what you think we need....MORE religion?
Need to wipe them off the face of the Earth
Do you even care or is it just to "look good"
Are you prayers ever with Muslim children who are attacked? Love the prayer tweets just wish they went out to ALL victims.
#psc101 cool hearing from him after class yesterday!

This may be considered "politically incorrect," but I think some politician ought to propose a Muslim ban.
How about doing more to make sure it doesn't happen here?
Anglo-Saxon hypocrisy: to desolate on the fruit produced by the tree that was planted and watered
#PeakHypocrisy
British PM says she is "appalled" by #ManchesterBombing while UK gov policy actively recruits more terrorists for more war 
All these people expressing condolences as they advocate for open borders.
Screw prayers.  Randomly bomb a terrorist state, preferably in civilian population centers.  That they'd understand.  Hold a lottery.
Tired of politician's empty prayers! Time to do something! This could have been prevented! Now parents have to bury their own children.
So sad
We are tired of your "prayers" and your typical, copy-pasted responses every time a Muslim blows up people; Lil' Marco.
My goodness stop thus crap the man has offered prays to people  who are now facing a tragic time in their lives thank you sir
Your prayers and $3.53 will buy you an iced venti quad espresso with 2 pumps of classic and extra nonfat milk
This is very sad but Marco get behind Trump. Take a page from the Dems in this area and tell all your colleagues to step up and do the same!
Yes they are.  So Sad,  cowards taking life like it was nothing! Despicable!
Get behind the president, senator.
Marco prayers comming from a fake Christian are meaningless, we real Christians who respect our neighbors offer our prayers
Now can we find a way to destroy those monsters.
Do you need water?
Thank you Marco .. We pray for the families!
We are you undermining our President Marco I do not know how anyone could vote for you. We all know you voted for Hillary
You area fraud its our Country not yours
For the love of Pete. Please continue to be a true Republican.
They're hiding amongst us and they're waiting to strike during moments of vulnerability. Allah be damned. Bring them down where they stand 
Bien dicho, junior.
little Marco never reads his tweets because truth is a two edged sword. but Marco is a bag of hot air, no action all empty talk.
Senator Rubio support our president.
God bless the families.
It's the religious certainty god beliefs of others that caused this. Prayers are not really what they need Marco.
I think you're a Globalist. Not a friend
thoughts and prayers to the people of Manchester
19 people dead 50 maybe more injured at a concert attended mostly children & you're still on an election that's been over for months?
lets pray that Marines will be un muzzled and sent to do the job were supposed to do. Unite extremists with their maker.
MURDERING of children. A new low for Religion of Peace
Just remember..if hosebeast Hillary had been elected ...a half million of these animals would be on their way here.
Save your prayers. Figure out your moral and ethical foundation and then stick with it. Quit flip-flopping from decent to despicable.
@TomiLahren only prayers where are the actions Rubio
McCain and Rubio are very disappointed, it is not still yet Russia that committed the attack
stop playing Christian. You're not believable. You're not receiving our votes.
Why are you and others "praying for" Manchester victims? Where was your "great god" BEFORE the bombing? You never talk about that, do you? 
Disappointed seeing people replying saying that this isn't genuine, you are sick.
Your thoughts on DNI and NSA directors saying they too had inappropriate  requests from Trump to say publicly No Collusion! ?
What about us and the Russian agent running the country Lil Marco !
@TomiLahren people die everyday in Chicago b
Nice thought, what about Trump entertaining 2 Russian intel guys in Oval sharing allies top secret intel with Russian State TV?
It would be great to see you and other Repub's to work with our Pres to tackle true threats like this instead of grandstanding every day.
Thank god they have national health care!
God bless the victims of the Manchester terror attack and God bless President Trump and God Bless America. RIP
more senseless killings God Bless America.
Prayers are fucking useless. Religion is what causes this 
Thankfully they don't pay for your healthcare, who does?
*Our*!
What? Is it too hard for you to tweet a prayer to Manchester yourself Tammy? You have to use Rubio's tweet? Smh.
Why don't you support our President and we can help prevent this from becoming the norm in our country.
Ifyou are100% with our belovedPOTUS, then wewelcome you on  the TRUMPtrainandlook forward to tweeting.IfNOT. by e bye ISIS has taken resp.
It is time for you tofullystand shoulder to shoulder w/our belovedPresident. If you dont like him, then GO and join thelibs.We dontneed you!
TIRED OF THIS COWARDS HURTING GOOD PEOPLE!
and with the muslims responsible for the terror
why do they fight him then.?. He addressed it head on @ Saudi Arabia! Time to support @POTUS
Hang those responsible by their nuts in a public square, tar & feather and let the public decide their fate!
@TomiLahren keep letting in those refugees like wildfire. Seems to be workinf
Can't believe this traitor has a sympathetic bone in his body.
Really Marco. Then may I suggest u & other republicans get behind our President and pass legislation to make America safe and prosperous.
- love and prayers won't conquer this evil.  It's time to expel and eradicate. NOW!!!!!!!
Prayers? When do we stop praying and start fighting back?
America first? No? Isn't that what he said and you supported? No? Anyone?
How about doing some work instead of praying?
Prayers never helped anyone, actions do


There you go! It's not a real Twitter prayer until you throw up the  emoji! God! Haven't you people read the Bible!
Do not imagine that the GOP can escape judgement if you kill people with a false prospectus rather than with a bomb. prayers to Manchester
@ReaganBattalion Rubio, you prayers don't mean shit. Sorry.
Thoughts and prayers. Right.
What Marco, no handy proverb to use?
I know this is a sad moment but please, no one blame Muslims for this attack. Wait till they release suspects before making lies
That's great. Put it on a loop. You'll be saying it again soon.
Hmmmm somebodys getting wet over the prospect of this being a terriost attack by Muslim extremists.
yep
I am praying the @GOP grows a collective pair, and does the right thing for the country. Enough is enough.
Then move trumps agenda.. we want action
Prayer is his job.  He represents America...one nation under God!
I am not the imbecile!  Your soul is not fit!
Nice sentiment but rather than prayers, how about our overpaid governments get off their politically correct asses & PROTECT THEIR CITIZENS?
It's really sad that this continues to be a problem. It's time world leaders come together and defeat this problem.
Thats basically the only thing the GOP ever gives people - prayers.
Why are you commenting don't you think you should refunded the tax payers in Florida for the money you took from that doorknob DeVos ?
what do you know about prayers when you are slashing Obamacare and support your prez 2018 budget where slash the poor n sick.
Screw you! You're fighting the only person calling this out and trying to fight it!!!!   ,
Yeah! Screw you Rubio! You're a fake Republican! I lost all respect for you!
Congress needs to pass an extreme vetting bill.   Go nuclear for the love of America.  The courts are endangering us.
r u serious yesterday ur prez bow down to the Saudis celebrating with the dance of the swords. Now he loves Muslims.
You need to back @POTUS and his travel ban
Congress needs to allow monitoring each and every mosque in the US.  The threat is not little old Methodist Sonday school teachers.

Jihadi Ali dawah & his group calling on muslims in #Manchester not to attend music concerts. drake and arena UK https://twitter.com/MahabadMahmoudi/status/866792928164884480/video/1 …
Prayers don't work.
Amen
Why do you retweet this useless spineless opportunist?
It's high time we hold Democrat accountable for trying to undermine our national security in return for political gains and gimmick.
how about you quit undermining the one person trying to stop this nonsense?  @realDonaldTrump
Why don't you do your job instead of prayers....keep theses people out of our country!!!!
He can do both
They need 2 do more...this has to stop and he needs 2 quit being part of the problem.
He's a US senator, he can't do anything to stop a terror attack in London
AMEN
LeBron better
#littlemarco build and fund the fucking wall already
not liberal? Neither conservative
As they are with EVERYONE in Western Culture fearing their normal routine is de facto a target in someone's twisted world view!
Killing innocent children at a concert. A new low.
CNN, MSNBC, disgusting fantasies about Trump collusion but to stupid to call a suicide bomber an act of terrorism! PC agenda is ridiculous
Praying.
its so sad
In Venezuela, there are more dead and injured today than in Manchester #venezuela is under attack. @NicolasMaduro is a #Genocidal
Is that the only thing we can do? Pray?
DEATH TO ISLAM
Trumps Got This Lil' Marco !!!!!!!!!!!!
Keep praying.  It's got lots of value
On this we can agree.
Not really
Amen!
no time Go Kick ass
I'll wager the.perpatrator was a Baptist terrorist.
I'll wager that no matter the cause your comment is poor taste,more concerned to say "I told you so" than the fact that there are fatalities
Hardly true.
S.O.S venezuela.....estamos dispuestos y dispuestas a dar la vida por ser libres....por favor.!!! No nos olviden...
How about you do something and stop this from happening here.   Enough!
So heartbreaking 
Trump's rhetoric caused it
