Thank you senator!
"A Hypocrite despises those whom he deceives, but has no respect for himself. He would make a dupe of himself too, if he could." Hazlitt
You need a heart to express heartfelt wishes.
shame on you for being a shill
Thanks Marco 
What language is that Marco
Thank you @marcorubio!
thank you future President Rubio!
Marco Rubio knows exactly what he's doing. Marco Rubio knows EXACTLY what he's doing. Don't say Marco Rubio doesn't know what he's doing. XD
Awesome. Now, get the reckless Russian-loving administration out.
Marco is a natural at "Passover": He passes over Town Hall meetings and he passes over his constituents.
your a joke!

You can keep your well wishes - you're a hypocrite and very disingenuous. Do your GD job and focus on impeachment of DT
Please stop the GOP practice of gerrymandering. Stand up to your party's unconstitutional practice. You're better than this!
He actually is NOT.
I know he isn't. I was trying to shame him. To subtle?
I did. You just can't be subtle with this hypocrite jackass
But do you know Russian, like the traitor & his staff in the White House? And that sycophant @DevinNunes. That's what America wants to know.
I wish you had heartfelt concerns for all of your constituents, the nation and the planet!
GO HELP PUERTORICANS WITH HEALTHCARE ISSUE.
What do your Nazi friends say?
Zoinist hypocrite Rubio, you don't give two shits about peaceful Jews. Stop dragging us into war, or prepare for violent eradication.
Rubio you are acting like Peter Pan's stupid replacement. Are you ever going to stand up for the working people?
Sr sabe si el comando de avispas cubana viene a Venezuela porque no tenemos quien las enfrente
That is awesome that you know your Hebrew, Senator! You are multilingual talented! :) ;) :)
stop it, this looks obvious...And sad
God bless,all Thankyu Marco
If only you would work as hard on doing your job!
#ThankYou for your thoughtfulness during this #HolyWeek Senator. Many #Prayers for Gods loved ones far and wide.
Thank you sir! 
Thank you.  A beautiful time to strength our faith.  Thanks Yah.
Monotheistic religious idiots are going to destroy the planet. Happy Atheist day Little corrupt Pay to Play Marco.
Toda!
Whatever...Little Marco!
חג שמח יא גבר
You and Royce should talk to trump and Boeing together with mnuchin
Finally rubi your coming around,Russia the muscle the money men are China and Iran. You should work with Royce he wanted Iran deals to tank
Thank you Senator!
Will you send out a msg for Ramadan as well?
And what about those goat worshipers?
That's right Marco rub that rhubarb. U still wouldn't get my vote. U voted for Trump that made no sense!
Thanks 
Happy Holy Week to you.
Thank you. And enjoy the holiday season, too.
Amen!
Happy #Passover2017 to our #Jewish friends. #Peace and love to all of you. 
Marco, poor little Marco I see you're pandering again, shameful.
Thank you senator
I do not see you as Orthodox there is now play allowed in The Orthodox, You still play Quid Pro Quo.Iam going to have to start coachingHaras
Thanks senator JAG Sameaj .
Thx!
Thank you, Senator!
Thanks little Marco. Back at you.
Mensch
Crooked lil bastard with an Achilles heel!!
You're invited to our Seder, Senator Rubio! Thank you!
You are the best marco
Thank you, Senator.
And we wish you a happy last term!
Snatched!
So kind of you Marco to think of everyone . Your heartfelt honesty is felt by all of us watching like hawks . :)  Thank you for everything.
In case you haven't noticed he is anything he needs to be at the moment
You have become awkward.
Thanks dad!
