well Senator why no new sanction. On Russia? Do you even care about Ukraine? This is Wag The Dog. speak up about Ukraine
yes they followed Obama's lead when he did it a year ago jackass
how about all those times that fool @realDonaldTrump bullied & laughed at you! And you are still allowing it to happen! Why?
Where did your spine disappear to? Hiding behind football tweets as America goes to hell. #DeVosDollars
AMEN!
"on notice" what exactly does that mean?
it means we might show u how big our balls are... Can't stand these stupid men running the country
Carry on bombing 

But JudgmentDay draws near !!
failed candidate
You're beating the drums for war. Stop. Think. Breathe.
What you see is actually putting us in danger...don't be blind.
Comrade! We've been looking 4u! I'll call AGAIN tomorrow. Resorted to a postcard. Caio 4 now. Signed : unpaid constituent!
I see you can't bring yourself to call him President, either.
great. Now repeat that tweet with the word Russia. Or are you completely bought and paid for?

what does on notice mean?
remember when you hated Twitler small hands he treated all of you like idiots and now you kiss his butt  how do any of you sleep
you really want to start something with iran?  Does that seem smart?
you are so blinded by party ties that you are failing your constituents. we will vote YOU OUT
.@marcorubio Are you happy to see him put Mexico and Australia on notice, also? When war breaks out will your children fight?
Bannon and his cronies are determined to get us in a world war. No skill in diplomatic actions, just chest thumping war mongers
Notice is one thing; war is another. Counting on you to avoid the latter.
could you guys get a Dictionary which explains Diplomacy? Particularly with guys who could go for Nukes?
You and Trump are insane. This kind of crap starts wars.
Oooh. On notice. Is that like... really bad? I'm really disappointed to see you cowtow to Trumpism. Does submission feel good?
no one is answering at your office. Speak to the people you represent!
Is it the 'double secret probation' gambit?
what about putting Russia on notice?
talk to your constituents. Answer the phone.
we know you are a  lobbied-"yes " boy , neo con warmonger. We woke up. You will never make president. Find a new job.
what a joke! After that hot mess of a mission. Please.
- So how you feel about easing sanctions on Russia, just after #Tillerson confirmed? #Treason
omg!! STOP
Where is tough stance on Russia? Where is standing up to Bannon?  Get him off NSC!  33410 is watching!  I vote and I  am pissed!
are we in a  playground? Whats good about this!? Next time you tweet, try to sound better than the WH.
in other words: I have no idea what this means either, but the @GOP memo said to say this to distract you from Russian hacking.
you are a sell-out! What is happening in DC is criminal and you are following Trump with your tail between your legs. Man up!
, your worship of him is misguided at best. He is dangerous, and reckless. The albatross around our nation's neck.
When are you going to start answering answering your office phones? All mailboxes r full. You're not available to constituents.
Could you clarify what "On Notice" means? U must know since it's "good to see" Signed Concerned Duval Co. Rep.
what is "on notice"?
what does "on notice" mean?
This President is going to lead us into WW III.
that's great no need to support terrorist countries
what about the sanctions Trump just let go of on Russia
Don't sacrifice our children's education - DeVos isn't fit to teach pre-K & you know it! The world is watching! #noDevos
NO TO JEFF SESSIONS
NO TO JEFF SESSIONS!
please stand up and vote no on Jeff Sessions. We don't need a bigot as AG!
I disagree! This is making us less safe and may start a war.
Just go back to Cuba, anchor baby.
Sanctions eased on Russia? Were you really part of the plan? Are you a soviet asset? I'm starting to think so. Tillerson.
on notice for what?  Sounds like "wait until your father gets home".  Geez. Don't buy the bluster.
please do not support Ms DeVos for Education Secretary
What the hell does "putting on notice" mean?
Are you certain that Mike Flynn is not writing a check he cannot cash?
will the Rubio and Flynn families have members in uniform if war comes with Iran?  I think not!
you really need to grow a set of balls " little Marco ".    Remember that name little Marco
thank you! No one should EVER never hack our election system with espionage, exterminate 500,000 of its own people, cause an imm
refugee crisis, and launch annexations of sovereign nations help Iran and fund hezbollah, while burning children with chemical w
weapons...wait, what? That's Syria with a Russian alliance? Uh oh, hope we don't pull a Bush, invade Iran when the problem is a
different country entirely. (4) #trumpregrets
Please keep us safe
if you Republicans get us in another needless war you guys should tote the guns in first.
Amen!
your ok Rubio
you don't even know what "on notice" means, why is it good?
what the hell does that even mean? On notice? On notice for what?
yes, let's go to war Iran, no Mexico, no Canada, No Australia......no let's just let Russia kill Ukraine and not say anything.
@SenRubioPress Ur a lapdog. He's going to send us to war and WE WILL BLAME YOU for not having integrity. #StandUp
you called Trump a "con man” who was “dangerous” and unqualified to control the nation’s nuclear codes. Now you say this? Scary
north Floridian pleading for you to vote no on DeVos
What does that even mean?
The wording in this agreement Obama put forward is very weak on missiles. Needs to be eliminated or changed.
what does this even mean, putting them on notice. It is something a bully does in high school, not the president
@SenRubioPress Why will you not tell the people of FL where you stand on DeVos....we deserve an answer!
@SenRubioPress and when will you do the same with Russia? After they take Ukraine?
I assume you will fight for more sanctions on Russia too
- Marco - This is diplomacy?  All due respect, but perhaps your kids should enlist to follow Flynn into battle.
- As GW Bush once said, U.S. can take action at the time of its choosing.  Boasts are counterproductive.
What about the missiles Russia is now unloading on the Ukraine? How has President Bannon told you to think on this?
how about putting Russia on notice - You know they are backing the shelling of Avdiivka, Russia.
What the hell does being put on notice even mean? What happens next week when DPRK tests a nuclear missle? Double-dog notice?
not good to see you being an #illegitimatepresident lap dog. Hey how bout you do your job instead and represent you constituents
Iran will keep testing the waters till we turn their nuclear facilities into a parking lot!
what does it mean to put Iran on notice? On notice of what?
What does it mean when @POTUS puts a country On Notice? Is this an official term? or just big talk?
Yes. War is coming. That's "good to see." 
Yes sir! And keep the sanctions on Russia too. Unless of course someone promised you'd receive some of that new oil money...
you are a fool.  Really.
Jesus, how do you look at yourself in the mirror?
constituents: A great app called votespotter which keeps track of reps votes and your stand. Handy in 6 when canvassing.
I'm starting with the black vote- they'll try to suppress-in 6 months and grow jt until it's a movement opposed
radical like the repubs who blocked Garland? Hypocrite!
@Michell34931496 What, exactly, does that mean?
you are a right wing extremist I see
WTF does 'on notice' even mean!
Good. Now go fulfill your Budapest memorandum obligations.
shut up
What exactly does that mean? The world is watching
foolish move on Trump's part
I find it very disturbing that u A. voted for Tillerson B. are not holding Trump's feet to the fire to speak out re: Ukraine
Flynn is an unhinged shit storm itching to get us into another war!
what the heck does on notice mean? Did we talk to allies, NO.
You're a feckless tool. #trumppuppet
you better pay attention on what we are saying! Remember we are paying you! We are your bosses! We elected you we can fired you
What the hell does that even mean?  Please clarify.
You are a disgrace for our state! You are acting on behalf of your party! Are you thinking on your constituents? Big No! Shame
"on notice?" what does that even mean? sounds like something nkorea says when saber rattling #TheResistance
You just can't wait to go war with anyone. Flynn will have us in a war. You know better. Who is running the asylum?
Trump's 2 busy blasting Aus & threatening Mexico, China, & Iran. Won't stand up 2 his boss, Putin re: Ukraine. He own u2, Marco?
@hippiekat67 OMG Marco. Are you in on theRussian money or does someone have nudiess of you? God I hope it's $ not pics to see.
Well done. I really don't want that image in my head either.
: How about Russia?
Admit it! Trump and Flynn don't know what the hell they are doing.
"Put on notice" means what, war? How about spineless rhetoric that leads to war?
about time someone had to!
Oh good grief. Trump is making this Country a target. Use your freaking head.
why are you so glad to see Trump admin put #Iran on notice are you going to take your Cuban. a$$ over there & fight? #LastWord
Senator, He's Tweeting War words with Iran & Iraq? And Australia PM! How is this OK with you? History is recording your role.
Yes, meaningless phrases really accomplish a lot.
Have you lost your f*kin mind?@marcorubio? #Florida is not down with going to war! Don't forget those who voted you in can VOTE YOU OUT! 
You are not taking my son in this war. #notmyson
literally, right now, Russia is bombing Ukraine. But you're right, let's focus on Iran
I LEAVE TO PRES BUSH. THIS IS HIS RODEO....
I DUNNO WHAT NUCLEAR TEST U REFERING TO. PREPLAN. SPORE GOV WANT ME TO CLAIM CREDIT FOR THEIR INTERSECT DATA N INFO! IT'S ABSURD
flip flop city hahahaha you squid
defund sanctuary cities, schools and states
Go TRUMP
no Muslims . Period they are forbidden to assimilate and will never accept our values. Keep the Mexicans deport all Muslims.
more war. How stupid. #littlemarco #puppet #305
what about #Russia furthering their attacks on #Ukraine #LittleMarco. You're just another gutless swampy #blindsheep! #pathetic
You might need a new hankie. There's a little brown on your nose.
Hey Marco, while this vague needless rhetoric escalates tensions Trump is looking the other way while Putin moves on Ukraine.
you go "little Marco" you remember who gave you your name?
You're a suck up little Marco
Flynn is unhinged....consult those in Reagan/Bush Administrations!
You should be representing the constituents. You're not doing a good job. I have no respect for you after caving to Tillerson.
not much of a notice verbal evictions don't work put up or shut up #warisuponus #trumpiswar
on notice for what...being a crucial ally in the fight against ISIS?
when does he put Russia on notice for their actions in the Ukraine.
I
Iran needs to know we now mean business and they need to behave
Diplomacy doesn't seem to be in this branch & POTUS vocabulary so be prepare for war
Yeah, maybe Trump will send the CIA in again to overthrow their elected officials like in 1953.
Well I would feel better if you or Jeb were there. Trump is scary.
This CRACKPOT FLYNN AND THE REST OF U ARE GUNNING FOR WAR WITH IRAN WTF BANNON TALKING ABOUT WAR WITH CHINA WTF
before PARTY U and the rest of GOP are allowing PUTIN ago have his way with US Turning backs on our Allies What's next
said in Tillerson hearing about Russia and Putin are TRUE and then u get into LOCKSTEP and confirm COUNTRY
We in S Florida have been listening to the attacks against Communist Cuba and Castro for years Everything U
REALLY MARCO! so the boogeyman is Iran Russia and Putin are controlling TRUMP and BANNON whar is wrong with u
who is going to pay for the war! We haven't paid for the last 2 wars that you put on credit card!
You are a dry month punk, Little Marco. You need to resign and move to Russia.
Any of your kids going to fight in the coming war(s)?
It would be nice if you had the courage of your words rather than being President Trump's little marco.
You need to get ALL the countries that signed the Iran deal involved to add sanctions. Yeah the same ones Trump has pissed off
Your Jacksonville office made a libelous statement in the press yesterday and today wouldn't answer the phone. You're a disgrace
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
what about the fing RUSSIAN govt,r u guys in bed with them as Trump is,Trump is Russia's puppet.
Day 11 of the President Bannon administration and we are threatening a military response in Iran. 33186 voter. We will remember.
GOOD MAN
Please save;
Our kids' future
Our middle class
MY beloved profession 
And our public schools
By not confirming Devos
Listen "Little Marco" get your head out of Trumps ass and see what's happening in the Ukraine.  Russia will take over E. Europe.
Russia? @Ana_Gocanes
WTF? Do you want nuclear war? Why are you supporting this madness when your constituents want only peace?
 Iran & Making threats to Mexico &China.Still remain in Iraq. We are in Syria & now Poland & still at war in Afghanistan.
add our Aussie friends to the people Donnie has pissed off
how much ass kissing does it take to get back in Trumps good graces? Ask Chris Christy #asskisser
slurp slurp slurp slurp
Don't think your opinion means much anymore!                #FOAM
On point and on time.  BTW, my former boss (Mike Flynn) was excellent today.  Clearly notice has been givin.
you need to watch your tweets I'm not sure you want your hands this dirty
really and you think this crack pot is the answer? http://m.motherjones.com/politics/2017/02/michael-flynn-emoluments-clause …
National Security Council has become very disturbing.  Conspiracy theorist Flynn and Bannon, political appointee propaganda man.
