Will he be borrowing a spine for his appearance?
If he's got one, he should take out pout of the glass case and have it implanted.
he'll fold. Venezuela?  That's easy to be against. No cost. VA-simple.. hate on the people work there. Standard Republican BS. HE'LL FOLD.
Trump was willing to lie to America & undermine the integrity of the DNI NSA & FBI for no reason other than himself
Excellent job and exchange. Well done!!
Dear Marco, watching you makes me nauseous! No thanks! If you plan to change your ways and support constituents, let me know!
My Tv set doesn't speak CNN.
Thank you Sen Rubio for standing for the truth as JT tried all he had to trip you up. Good to see you NOT assume all Press says is true.
The look on @jaketapper  face at the end of your segment was worth it all. The look of a sad little puppy who didn't get a toy. 
Senator Rubio is trying his best to sneak off the Trump Train before it gets to Grand Jury Station.Hold him accountable.Don't let him do it!
Marco is starting his campaign to run for president in 2020 because HE "THINKS" knows how to run OUR country!  Sorry, we won't be fooled!
We need a WINNER to run our country and if Marco would have run against Hillary, he would have been the biggest Republican LOSER in history!
How to lie by Marco Rubio
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-would-require-representatives-hold-town-hall-meetings-constituents-little-rubio-act …
Trying to crash their viewer numbers, Narco?
You proven that you born without a backbone.
That's "Pope" Rubio ...
Jagg off
Appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate the Fast & Furious scandal.
Appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate Loretta Lynch's meeting with former President Clinton under the tarp.
Appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Sec Clinton's 33K deleted e-mails from her illegal server $ the Clinton Foundation.
Appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Sec Clinton's collusion with the Russians.  She sold 20 % of our uranium reserves.
You didn't factor is that without trump. Gop is nothing. You have been outed you stand for words and not actions
So they're going to let him on TV to talk about Cuba, Venezuela and Colombia? I guess they didn't research his twitter account first.
You plan in asking him to hold a town hall?
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-would-require-representatives-hold-town-hall-meetings-constituents-little-rubio-act …
Sen Rubio is a patriot and definitely good for America!
Marco has found his voice. I am so proud of my Cuban brother and senator!
You just showed how you really dont want the truth if you did already would have made th wh give you tapes and trasncrpts  it takes 2 secs
Great interview today by @marcorubio 
Why do you continue to waste time with shills like Rubio? He is just going to recite talking points. He is bought and paid for.

We have protected ourselves out of the stupidity of the masses being misled. "What they voted for" does not make it legal or constitutional.
Little Marco just like you to undermine our President during one of the most important trips since he was elected!!! 
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-would-require-representatives-hold-town-hall-meetings-constituents-little-rubio-act …
So, once again. What will you do when Comey confirms what the press has reported (obstruction of justice)?
Read @CNNPolitics & @cnnbrk to compare with other news sources BUT watch it NO bc bias runs rampant! 90%negative to POTUS per Harvard study
Rubio you said you would not make a speech in similar line that of the President. Sure that is why you are not and will not be President.
Don't run again you won't be elected trump voters won't support you now
Self-pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in this world.
Boycott CNN, We have NO respect for that channel
#muellerconflict #PARTISAN #corrupt DC
Hey Marco... Do U think you'll get a fair shake on CNN, Clintons network? Going 2 B a tough ride with fake news Tapper! Good luck with that!
You'd have been the finest of a #potus ....
Another HYPOCRITE living in La La Land and still trying to back a failing corrupt POTUS.
Denying the corruption of the previous admin.; allowing CNN to focus on bogus charges demon your poor judgement. Stock down.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-would-require-representatives-hold-town-hall-meetings-constituents-little-rubio-act …
You disappointed millions of us this morning.
Thank you @marcorubio...too bad MSM isn't as interested in #FACTS as you are. You are a class act.
Don't watch @CNNSitRoom -- 93% negative Trump coverage Harvard study unprecedented damage to the US throughout the world
Maybe because 93% of what Trump does is negatives?? Think im spot on

@jaketapper pushing tricky questions based on assumptions #FAKEnews @marcorubio  clearly stating he needs to see EVIDENCE
"I won't make pronouncements...based on anonymous sources" #GREATreply #BRAVOSenatorRubio
its #sethrich #NotRussia
Good job, we can and SHOULD wait for the conclusions.
ONLY 1 remedy for Trump's firing of Comey after he "reportedly" asked Comey to drop Flynn investigation–"amend the Constitution". NO Crime.
Step to the left. TRAITOR
So when is the Turkish ambassador going to get kicked out for having Americans attacked on american soil moron still waiting for WH
I dont watch CNN...sorry Marco.
Double yuck
I'd rather walk over hot coals than watch @CNN.
Excellent. Marco is the best.
Thanks again Mr. Rubio! As a SR Citizen (& I speak for myself) I need all the reminding I can get! I hope to watch you on State of the UNION
Follow @Arab_News for FAIR coverage of our #POTUSAbroad
Sorry this house doesn't watch @jaketapper

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-would-require-representatives-hold-town-hall-meetings-constituents-little-rubio-act …
Watch yourself
Press him!!!
I will, can't wait to watch the best Senator we have!
Surprised that this weasel has decided to show up in Sunday shows
Please press this guy and don't let go.
