Son in Key West, flights all closed. Called @Hertz to change drop off to Orlando, @Hertz adding $400 charge. Thanks @Hertz. Never again.
We'll be happy to assist you via DM. -AT
Key West. Katherine Jones , 770-367-2557, H4103591670, Hertz membership #67375455
Thank you for this information. Please DM us so we can keep your information private. -AT
As you already have the information, assume you do not need me to send it again.
What is your relation to Katherine? How can we fully resolve this?  - Danny
The ideal would be waiver of the drop off fee for our delivery of the vehicle at Miami airport or anywhere you choose north of there.
Hi, what is your relation to Katherine?  - Danny
Spread This... CLIMATE CHANGE!!!!
We have had climate change ever since God created this earth
Man created God.
You can't be serious. If you are, you can spend eternity in Hell debating that statement.
Yep! Study the history of religions, best evidence that God is an imaginary man-made creation.
Why don't you change your name to Vulcher La Satan
Shouldn't you be praying for my soul then, instead of tweeting religious insults?
Why should I pray for your soul. You don't have one because in your eyes their is no God so there is no soul.
Still in denial of man made climate change? Your state is sinking and you're too afraid of your corporate oil interests to do anything.
God created this earth surrounded by an ever changing atmosphere. It's man"s greedy and sinful nature that God has unleashed His wrath on us
God had nothing to do with it. There's this thing called Google where you can actually look up scientific facts about climate change.
You stand with Google, I'll stand with God! You will be able to Google all you want in Hell!
Hey Senator, help spread the word, you voted against Aid for Sandy.
Thanks. Now please stop your climate change denial nonsense. People are dying. Miami floods in good weather. Isn't that your home town?
Why people stay when the obviously are in great danger..no possession is worth your life or loved ones lives..you are on your own..
OMG he has spoken!
It's Trumps fault!
You are so out of it. Find a better cause to focus on
Hope your all doing well with everything going on. Your all great guys. Show will weather the storm along with all of you.
You believe in smaller government and voted against aid when Sandy hit. What say you now?
RT for AMERICANS sake but kno that your greed of fossil fuels & denial that #ClimateChangeIsReal means that you own #RepublicanHurricaneIrma
Gracias por la información!tenemos familiares en esa zona y estamos realmente muy preocupados,un saludo!
#HurricaneIrma storm track prediction as of 8:00pm EDT:
Another version:
The best way to prepare is to understand it is caused by climate change
God Bless
@HopeH_67 #HurricaneIrma Updated 11pm
You want to help?? Acknowledge global warming!! We're in the crosshairs of 2 hurricanes right now.

Thank you Kathy.
Tell Craigy I am free to watch his wife while he is in prison...maybe she swings on Both branches
Spread This... SCIENCE IS REAL!!! Like your corporate corruption.
Once again, Americans will step up and do the job our government should be doing.
If you live in Florida,  I would like to recommend getting the hell out of there. Don't stick around.  Go to Atlanta or Alabama.
We cannot beleive or support one word out of Rubio's mouth
No gas, no water.  My friends can no longer get to their place of employment b/c they cannot get fuel for their vehicles.
Jesus Boomer I'm very sorry to hear about Craigy I'm a big fan of the show Gambling is an addiction Best wishes
Stay safe everyone. X
At least Mar a Lago is right in the path...
Storm of the century?..more like storm of the year. You Rep. just keep on denying climate change while your coasts are destroyed every year
@cc660 @Alsboringtweets Carton arrested WTF
Marco Rubio is following the advice of scientists?
Senator Rubio, you a blood traitor, you could not care less about anyone unless they benefit you.
How about you also look out for the U.S. territory that you guys have been fucking over and give at least some funds
all that praying & bible verse BS you've been quoting little marco?

doesn't seem to make a damn of difference eh?

You are #AmericanTaliban
Hopefully the hurricane will take you with it
Let's load up Harvey/Irma relief bill w/ pork (only 4 red states) like Dems did w/ Sandy.  What's good 4 donkey asses is good 4 elephants!
It's a Chinese hoax.
#TrumpRussia #ElectionFraud #unhackthevote #GOP #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrumpNow #Traitors
Fla missed its chance for real prep due to decades of climate denialism. I will pray for you but it's a sorry substitute for precautions.
#IrmaHurricane
#IrmaHurricane  and #wildfires #wildfirout West, time to acknowledge #climatechange #Scienceisreal
Hey Little Marco!
Here's an Rx from your Secy of HHS! Please get it filled ASAP, as you are in dire need of a set! TY
I'm so scared for my family members In fl
That's tough but the west coast is currently burning and forest service won't use #747tanker.
My prayer are with them all.
Hey @tedcruz; why are ya worrying about #Hurricane Irma? Rush Limbaugh has assured all #MAGA's it's just a "liberal hoax".
Lord please be with those in the path of this storm. Amen
Thank you
And with the refineries in Texas hurt by Harvey and a potential gas shortage in Florida, get gas now.
It will go up in price for a bit.  Happily, though, this too shall pass.
Be safe FLA.
Spread This... GLOBAL WARMING
Don't talk about tRump or DACA, punt to Irma, bend over and take one for the team little marco polio
Is it going to hit Mar-a-Lago?
Little Marco I hope you stay in the path of Irma. 
#WhiteManWeatherMachine
Scrolling through your feed and surprised there's no statement on today's DACA announcement?????????????
Talking about being prepared. What are you doing to prepare for climate change? Other than pretending it doesn't exist.
What's your bible say about hurricanes, Filthy little pay to Play? #russianpuppetregime
Lived in FLA 20 years. Lots friends there. Hope FLA I'd spared. Lived through several hurricanes. No fun at all. #Irma
You better get some really high heels!
Global warming is an issue to work on - it won't go away
Plz evacuate if u can.
Plz don't 
#ClimateChange is real, but $$ and votes are more important to you Marco! #SHAME!!
Climate change not real.  U suppose they said that during the Ice Age.  God has it handled---God saw to it u got here.
Man pray for Cuba they going to be samck dab in the middle of that .
Say ice cream man you have your surfboard ready...?/
Aren't you just going to pray it away!
Get rid of the motherf***er in OUR HOUSE!
#impeach Promptly
Hey Little Rubio! This is called climate change! Believe in Science now?
He does, probably, but can't admit it.  Bought.
remember sus hermanos puertorriqueños, who are also U.S. citizens and will be just as--if not more--affected by Irma as FL.
From Florida.. Sorry Rubio, I'm not into spreading HATE. You are on your own!
Politicians need to get to work before Trump...ruin America completely!
Rubbing salt into the wound of 68,000 Dreamers living in Houston area. Smh  Reps couldn't wait. Right?! Of course not! #EvilKnowsNoBounds
RT if you think this guy is a fraud and a wimp

Looks like it misses florida to the east according to 18z GFS
Spread the word buy stock in Home Depot.
Irma has given you a chance to ignore DACA and tweet about the weather. Spineless. Who are you? Quién eres?
Mar-A-Lameo is in the cone. Does @realDonaldTrump care yet?  Will he get "first hand" accounts on the first try this time?
Also, all of you people putting out prayers or bible verses; that's great, but also won't change #climatechange
The climate is in God's hands and man cannot change it if he wants to.

I hope Irma missed Fla but if it hits at least you'll have to make a public appearance in front of fl voters who aren't prescreened.
Scary big #HurricaneIrma

Stop talking and start preparing Florida!
Hey @marcorubio - remember when @realDonaldTrump called you "Little Marco" and suggested you have a small penis in a televised debate?
Lmao@10 sandbags per family for what? To tie to your ass?
Already planning & prepping.
Irma isn't legal. Better call ICE. Forget prayin. They used that all up for Harvey!
@tedcruz Not For You.
Socialism looking pretty good to you bout now!
Help us! #impeach the ignorant rascist motherf**ker in our house!
Leaving for Georgia on Thursday!!
I'm also worried that it's going to keep going & hit us here in the Houston area, this soon since Harvey.
@tedcruz Just get off your butts & build the damn wall! That way you can at least keep Jose out of the US!
Can @kurteichenwald confirm
GOD BLESS PR and say safe
In the name of our almighty God and Lord Jesus Christ, I command the hurricane Irma to calm and dissipate. Amen.
I never RT the gang of 8 but yes, this one will be a killer. People will die. Dont let it be you. FEMA will replace your junk.
This storm is showing violent vertical action not just horizontal spinning. Never saw vertical so bad. Get the hell away from this thing.
Marco, make sure you are in the Keys when the storm comes by.  No seriously.
So far things in St John's, Antigua are fairly calm. Slights wind gusts and occasional light shower.
Oh, it's YOUR state @MarcoRubio. Too bad you pissed off so many people who could've helped. Good luck.
#EndWhiteSupremacy #ImpeachTrump #EndWhiteSupremacy #EndWhiteSupremacy This gov't lies - spreads PROPAGANDA #Resist with ALL you have
Wow!  No biblical quotes about the "end of days" ?  Maybe there's some hope.
You sure you believe #Irma is a threat, Marco? This projection = based on #climatescience & #models. Whats the +/- of preventative measures?
Who knows Maybe god angry all people around the world now god recycling Cleaning up 
Sir, with all due respect, are we all going to have any immediate assistance from FEMA? TX still needs all resources available too.
i cannot resist:  rain rain go away come again another day little marco wants to play
How can we convince Jesus to stop sending these awful hurricanes into our country???
See any #Donna similarities w/ #Irma track? 
#Irma seems to have a similar track to #Hurricane Donna in 1960.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hurricane_Donna … 
Is climate change real or not, of just a hoax like you republicans like to say, scientists say otherwise
DONT WARRY! Everone stop what they are doing and PRAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please pray 4 us in Fl. I am praying this monster will go away.
Praying for everyone in FL !!
Tky
But also #DACA
We must demand Rubio protect the #DACA recipients that #Trump is willing to leverage to pay for his wall!
No New #DACA. No more false promises. Follow the law or get out.
Gods way of punishing the republican states. hahahahahaha
Praise be the lord.
Punishing?  my, my what words of a fool.
Rubio, you've accidentally posted a scientific forecast instead of a self-righteous bible verse. This is going to make God even angrier!
You can always tell those from the "UK" - Bunch of haters 
Thought it was Hurricane Irma
Broward needs water and gas lines already long.
Please punish anyone who is price Gouging!  Don't let it come to Florida like it did Texas were people are ripping off hurting folks
What happened to the Bible quotes?
Will @GOP finally wake up to #climatechange ???
Climate change has always been around. Or didn't you know that. 
We can do that, we are pros, get the wall funding or shut down the swamp up there.
Hey @marcorubio why don't you just wait until things blow over? Too soon too soon???
Oh lookie.....the borg strikes again...shame jimmy....shame...be your own man!
I think you should go for a boat ride and see what it's like!
I know this is a serious and important matter, but you're still a spineless coward with no integrity. Good luck braving the storm though
I'm sure @marcorubio googles bible verses before posting anything. I'm sure he doesn't know the word.
TY Senator for caring about us.
He doesn't.
Maybe posting Bible quotes will help. Have you tried that?
This is so scary  please prepare everyone...
We have a "stupid orange racist biggot" in the W.H. "help us  spread the word also will'ya?!"
If it hits Mar a Lago or your house Little Marco, I'm going back to being agnostic.
Shouldn't they send extra flights tomorrow 2 islands 4 the people that want 2 leave? Might not be profitable but it's the right thing 2 do
little Marco
impeach trump
"You can't legislate the weather" -M.Rubio
Hey @marcorubio, #ClimateChangeIsReal
No. No it's not. Climate is cyclical. Hurricanes have been around a long long time cupcake-snowflake. Good try tho.
Oh gawd, you need help. The fact that you think I'm referring to any single incident is worrisome
Oh.. so NOW you believe in climate scientists...  I get it.,..
Our prayers are with all of you to be safe.
I am in the Tampa area hopefully we will be OK
I thought you prayed the hurricane away? What happened?
It's "gods plan" lol
Why dont you stop #RaceBaiting and care for your LEGAL citizens?
Praying for all in the path....
Psalm 55:22
#Cast your #burden on the #Lord, And He shall #sustain you; He shall never permit the #righteous to be moved.
1 Timothy 1:15
This is a #faithful #saying and worthy of all #acceptance, that #ChristJesus came into the #world to save [1/2]
#sinners, of whom I am #chief. [2/2]
We must also remember Timothy 6:9 : "when you didn't see my footprints it's cause I was carrying you , not because I left ."
