Is this true? @TSA
@Gdad1 @marcorubio @TSA yes it's true
unbelievable @Gdad1 @marcorubio @TSA @rtv6
yes it is--hypocrisy

Hyprocrites.
don't repeal, fix Obama care! Name it  trump care if it makes you and he feel better! No to Tillman and some of the others!
Marc,  please look carefully at this tillerson,   TRUMP is covering something up.
Watch Baker on  CNN support Obama's UN vote and says trump can't be Israel s lawyer while trying to bring peace
Antidepressants cause public shootings. Care enough to consider? Visit. PhD, psych degree. 100% involve psych drugs. Duh!
PeopleOfIsrael are far from innocent including mean abuseOf Palestinian kids plus aggressive attacks andBearingFalseWitness
The vast majority of Americans support reasonable gun control. Get out of bed w/ the NRA & work for the people you represent.
So, what did the  Administrator say? What's going on? What's the plan going forwatd?
pretending to work?
While you enjoy peace in the US 4 Israeli armies lost their lives today you selfish Likud party member
It appears to be a young man that fell for ISIS brain washing. Their evil must be wiped from the earth by force of arms.
As the son of Cuban exiles and your efforts to become a lawyer first, then a Senator I admire u and have my vote. PeterPan
dude you suck
let's continue to not pass common sense gun control laws though right??? Thanks for nothing
and?
Mr. President many illegals are good people give them the chance to become legal. This  has been home
how many tsa checkpoints did he get through?
was the shooter muslim. His brother said he was religious, but no comment on religion. Read he was sunni muslim??
And what's the update? That ppl who shouldn't be able to get guns get guns legally b/c your party is bought by the NRA?
Thanks Senator. The struggle is real
TRUMP IS A DRAFT DODGER , WHO USED LIES OF BONE SPURS TO AVOID FIGHTING FOR AMERICA, HE HAS TO GO
keep us updated,
hi there
you should encourage Rick Scott to focus on tragedy rather than talk Abt. Visiting your beautiful state! How bizarre #rickscott
Very curious that @marcorubio have not yet accused Russia to have sponsoring Fort lauderdale attack
Congress must intervene!  Country over Party!
We need Congress to Hold new Election or install Hillary!  Putin must not get his way!! We have proof that Putin swayed it
go away. You are a hypocrite
forget the shooting did you just introduce a bill to REDUCE Embassy Security by 50%?  Benghazi? EXPLAIN!!
Great Job Little Marco, I hope you can stand up to Comrade @realDonaldTrump as well, like you did in primaries, will you?
So tougher regulations for guns yet or is money still number one to you?
Did you threaten to cut airport security $ unless you get what you want,like you are w embassy security? https://diplopundit.net/2017/01/05/senate-bill-to-slash-embassy-security-funds-in-half-until-us-embassy-jerusalem-officially-opens/ …
So what did they say or is it a secret swamp dweller?
wait... you cried about Benghazi... then you support cut back in security at embassies???
and so . . . . .?
what ab actually proposing & passing leg 2 end gun violence. Congressional inaction is pathetic. It's murder on your part
Spineless senator says what?
@dgarrick5534 if you and your colleagues repealed ACA it will be the end of your career.we the people will rise up.
Thank you Marco! 
@SenRubioPress please also let us know what you are doing about @realDonaldTrump and his special relationship with Putin
and his immature Twitter habit! When is he going to start acting Presidential? Never?
Thanks for updating us. You are the best.
You probably should talk to the police. I doubt if the TSA knows much.
and...
Rubio took $15 THOUSAND from NRA in addition to currently pushing thru legislation to make carrying guns in airports okay
wow thanks that's such a relief to us all
The Russians read your emails:
The news keeps us updated. Why don't you focus on preventing gun violence! #ENOUGH
please don't let a deserter from his post reflect what our men and women in uniform are
@TSAand what about evacuation plan? County& city done active shooter drills,but there is no training to move large # of victims?
@SenRubioPress @TSA 
Why didn't some agency revoke ability to fly with fire arm after he told FBI he was fighting for ISIS?
so Marco, are you actually gonna do something about gun violence now or continue to vote in favor of less gun laws? #Fraud
gun control. Gun control. Give us more gun restrictions please.
Congrats! you had a conversation.Any information to share? Anything you are doing to help the situation? Or looking 4 attention?
I bet you think the Russians did it
I was one of your many supporters in Ohio (actually a delegate) YOU R still the future of our party!
wish we were getting ready for his inauguration instead of Cheeto man!
... https://twitter.com/wesearchr/status/817491418725761024 …
Saw you on Neil Cavuto's show. Can't wait to see trumps tweet about it. Oprah was smarter than you.
....AND?
we aren't concerned pls do NOT insert UR self into incident like NELSON -he's so sleazy don't be like bill :)
we are all concerned. ... but still don't be like BILL


did u really say on @TheLeadCNN that anyone could just walk into an airport and shoot people? make it is for the crazies..
and? did you just tweet this to make yourself sound important? whats the update ?
Remember - this is the guy that voted against stricter gun laws. He don't care. He's tweeting for attention.
STOP poticizing this and spreading fear with ur statements on CNN. What is wrong w/ u???
good job in getting info out,now please work to unite our party and undo the 8 year disaster that has been Obama
Criminals will not obey the laws pertaining to firearms . Public is still as vulnerable as cops to being ambushed .
big deal Little Marco
FYI  you calling the ADM during is a needless distraction for the agency, wait for the congressional report/hearing
We know you are staying on top of it. Thank you!
ask Cavuto about Obama spreading propaganda & trying to influence Israel's and #Brexit elections.
good job Marco!
That's your contribution? You spoke?
promise me you won't take any substantial action to address gun violence?
are you going to stop all the Cubans flooding into America for economic gain not asylum
.....and??
to the September 11, 2001 attacks.
authority over the security of the traveling public in the United States. It was created as a response
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is an agency of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security that has
And you tweet that because ?????
I bet Prick Scott isn't
good to know and? 
so tragic! Thanks for the update. Please keep us posted.
thank you, Senator. We appreciate you.
Asi es que se trabaja senador @marcorubio en tiempo real felicitaciones desde venezuela  ......SOS VENEZUELA
And?
thank you for not putting out speculation statements like that washed up joke bill Nelson press conference.
how rude and unnecessary
witnessed by the entire world on live TV. Airport protocols did failed and collapsed 100%
Airport protocols failed and collapsed. *Using did failed is very bad grammar.
Folks want to know what happened and why?
thank u Senator keep us posted

on the tarmac, running close to planes taxiing that could suck a human alive, struck by cargo trucks, shamefully so
also there was a complete collapse in airport evacuation plan by airport management. Thousands running into each other
I have so much respect for you and will always be a loyal supporter. I appreciate your standards and values!
sadly, our Cheeto pres elect has no standards and values!
Curious as to how/why fellow Senator from FL released name of suspect so fast? Unusual to not come from law enorcement 1st.
awful day
Thank you Marco 4 the update , much appreciated.
when the actual broward County Sherrie will not disclose until further investigation. That is how things do get messed up.
and?
Keep us posted.
Senator can you please explain to the world why senator Nelson will go on national TV and give the name of the suspect
did you wanna also do anything about gun violence or nah?
Ask our great 8 yr president. Marco did introduce legislation on gun control!!! Get on the right ppl.
great. Keep us updated daddio!
and....
#2024
why do you hate the Senate?
