CHIP?!?
Rino Rubio were is health care repeal or tax cuts. Nice work helping Rino Flake.
Wow! But you all refused to look into how Russia interfered in our election until we screamed loud enough!  Those hearings should be public
Si tuvieras que confesar tus pecados Marcos, podrías estar de pie?
How about hearings over when Trump should be removed from office, or r u going to wait until he starts WWIII? What is wrong with you GOPers.
How about some oversight hearings about the madman in the Oval Office???
Sen. Rubio, you can not be serious!!!  Hearings on Cuba... Shall I send you a list of more pressing issues sir???
What about the Russian attacks?
Be tough to Cuba totalitarian Regime they have brought nuclear rockets to Cuba,supported LatinAmericaGuerrillas,sent rockets to North Korea.
How about  hearings on how someone can own so many #guns #GunControl #NRATerrorism
What about having hearings about the way Trump & his cabinet r stealing from us & living the high life while the rest of us struggle
Keep Puerto Rico in the forefront, they are in dire need of help!
Duh! We have an unqualified Secretary of State & woefully understaffed & underfunded State Department. And you voted for this
Are you going to hold a hearing on how #BogusPOTUS attacked #PuertoRican #Hurricane victims and their complaints ?
Probably mold. Move on.
How about for Puerto Rico too?!
And what about #PuertoRico Senator??? You know, AMERICA???
You picked the wrong side Marco! Flake is going down!
How about hearing on $ spent and wasted by Trump & administration?
Hey Marco. #puertorico
Marco, It's in Russia's interests for us to close relations w/ Cuba. Could Russia be guilty of these attacks? @ananavarro @tedlieu @SRuhle
if was the case russians couldn't act in habana against the most watching building in Cuba without castro's regime authorization
How about some oversight hearings on tRump's fitness to have the nuclear codes FIRST???????
Blah, blah, blah,  don't you ever get tired bashing  Trump?
Did you ever get tired of bashing Obama?
Do you actually still claim to NOT "believe" in #climatechange?! I'm dumbfounded.

http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/15/us/climate-change-hurricanes-harvey-and-irma/index.html …

#ActOnClimate
Why don't you have Jared Kuschner look into the problem? He seems about as qualified as a paper plate. Why does he still have sec clearance?
No details on these attacks! What R the symptoms of these attacks.R we being attaked?
Cuba needs to be free!! From all of the castros. It is time they become a free country with opportunities for all!
The New York Times on "Sonic Attacks": "It's a more appropriate theory for a James Bond movie" Where are the evidence for the #Cuba attacks?
Can't blame DOS when they are so under staffed because of the moron we have for a @POTUS .
Close the embassy. Nothing will change in Cuba. Fidel died and it still.the same or worse!!!!
VERY glad to hear this. But in the meantime, people are dying in PR from disease, thirst and hunger. PLEASE DO SOMETHING NOW!!!!!
God. You're focused on everything but us.    It's amazing
I don't know who monitors his social media on his staff but it's clear he's losing
Start with ur POS boss and his Russian bosses
You and your deep state buddies need to step aside and let Trumps agenda roll out! Stop wasting our $$!
Regime change is the ORDER OF THE DAY. Get the Feds off our back, Mia Cubans have enough means to overthrow the Drug Terrorist Castro regime
Why dont you have some hearings on how this administration is using tax payers money Sick of spineless GOP its sad
Senator why don’t show concern about the posible nuclear war with N Korea instead of preaching to the Cuban American community
Did they have kaiser?
Are you kidding me??? While #PuertoRico in middle of catastrophe, your focus should on saving these lives.
Yeah after you guys finish the Job  investigating The Russian Collusion
How about hearings on trump & VP using office to spark division & incite violence amongst citizens? How about hearings on trump, press sec
1
using office/position 2 influence/force employers 2 do their bidding? Do u not see what is happening in the US? Do u not see the Nation 
2
falling apart under your feet while u try 2 push this anti middle class, anti worker budget bill built 2 increase the divide? What's wrong
3
with all of u? Why aren't u fulfilling your obligations 2 the People? We are on a ship w/an insane captain & deaf, blind & mute  crew
4/End
On point when it comes to your people .
Your campaign ing for the wrong person in Arizona!
While yall are at it, how about yall start IMPEACHMENT hearings on that unfit, train wreck of a potus we have in the WH!?! #45GottaGO
#helppuertorico
I'll save you the time and money, it was ordered by your boss in the Kremlin.   Next distraction!
Corker is right. 
Be brave Marco.

THREAD - To all my Twitter friends: I need to get something off my chest. I have spent the majority of my adult life working with and 1/34
How about oversight hearings on how trump and GOP have failed Puerta Rico?
CIA Whistleblower Agee: US Terrorism Of Cuba
No wonder he was hunted down by assassins.
What about PR? What about Trump's crazy rhetoric re North Korea. STOP the chaos! Remove Trump!
Why the hell are you blaming Cuba?

Can we have gearing on how FEMA handles PR
Need to complain about EPA and get investigation into earth's health risks.
You need a lot more oversight hearings on the entire cabinet and president. Almost forgot his family too
Really, it's been 56 years .... let's move on!
When will oversight hearings of.@realDonaldTrump neglect of Puerto Rico rescue & aid be? Don't you grasp that diaspora to FL will VOTE BLUE?
How about on the IRS Hillary scandal Pay for play Lois Lerner real issues
IE, we'll talk it to death until you forget about it, then do NOTHING!
spineless coward
How about oversight on how @FEMA_Brock has handled Puerto Rico? Politicizing recovery should be a crime and he should be charged with murder
Benghazi.
Congress does that best anyway. All hearings and no action.
LOL
Waste of money! The Repugs waste money on hearings while the swamp lizards steal taxpayers blind! Rubio has to stay relative, needs to go.
yeah great, what about ur president that's picking fights with, NK, Reps. Senators,what r u going to do.
Hmmm but you had no time for hearings on healthcare? And certainly not public hearings on Russian investigation. Shameful.
No bby an outdated electoral college and Russian influence is why he won. Good try though!
Need the same for Las Vegas
No we won’t
And what did you use on these Americans, didn't like the progress
Wait a second @marcorubio ...GOP still does oversight? No way, who knew? @TheRickWilson - were you aware of this radical occurrence?
Did @StateDept low staffing and budget impact response?
Will u hv hearings on how "tax reform" affects middle class & poor folk? No?  Also, vote no on FY18 budget Bec huge Mcare/Mcaid cuts.
THANKYU Marco #1
Why do not you worry about puerto rico
If you have time do you think you could maybe "grow a pair"?
Cállate pendejo!!!!!
instead of worrying about Cuba worry about your constituents..... how about raising the salaries in south Florida #pos #cuba #gop
Good! Why am I not surprised at how the @StateDept handled this?
Will these be Benghazi-style? Or is the goal to blame somebody other than Hillary?
2/2 You say you want change, there was a crack in the door and u helped shut it. Now the poor small entrepreneurs r missing out bcause of U.
What crack?  You can't even own a house in Cuba.
Dude when was the last time u were there? I've been, when u see a small BB hire 8 people earning 10 x what they use to earn that's change
Was going last week but weather sent us elsewhere.  Where does the $$ go?  Can they own property? Can they choose representatives?
It's a place that needs everything. They actually do own property. And they can invest in those properties. No they can not elect reps
Senator Rubio - please speak out about the stability of the President
DOES PEURTO RICO RING A BELL???  FLORIDA IS WATCHING YOUR ACTIONS, RIGHT NOW YOU ARE NOT LOOKING GOOD!!
1/2 And, then maybe the truth will come out. You have been politicizing this while you've destroyed the beginning of small entrepreneurs.
You need to have oversight on how Puerto Rico citizens are being treated
How about Puerto Rico? How about the criminal and unstable POTUS? You want to be a leader, here's your chance
The State Dept. is a den of Anti-American blockheads, incompetents, venal liberals and leftists, overpaid bureaucrats, and Anti-Semites
Why aren't you focusing on more important things like Puerto Rico?? Could it be because you're a grifter schmuck.
What State Dept??? Rexxon is almost as dysfunctional as dotard moron. 

Have U lawyered? Cuba distraction?Cuba didn't RIG OUR ELECTION! RepubliKKKans knew about Russia during Primaries!MAKES U COMPLICIT, TRAITOR!
Past Dem Admin Did NOT care about Americans, only about their Socialist One World Ideology, those in Cuba were offered up for the cause.
WHAT State Dept, Senator?  You have let them fire most everybody & the rest are leaving.  R U just trolling behind Trump to get Tillerson?
sure you will... #trumpspet
Winking I see.
Neat lil Marco - why don’t you help stop that 
Do you even know what it is?
But no oversight hearings on the private jet use of the Trump #swampcrew?
While you're there, maybe ask why the state department has been crippled under Trump
how about an oversight hearing on how badly this administration is treating American citizens in PR
Why do you need hearings, wasting time & $. Do something about it. Hearing just grand standing. We Republican are over it with you guys.
this is the only thing you are good about , CUBA .other than that you just dont care!!!!
Excuse me Mr. Rubio, but Cuba is not part of US and there are more pressing concerns here at home.
That said, just tweet another bible verse
Senator, do you ever work on key issues (e.g.,tax reform, health care, immigration) or do you always select peripheral/unimportant issues?
And so you should
Time for you to step up.
How about on how government is “helping” Puerto Rico also...
maybe even 4 years worth of hearings...  think you can get 8 different hearings out of it?

#DumpTrump 
You could be a great senator. You just need to get out from under this and the GOP
how about PR and the Jones Act?
 Women who've accused fucking moron & sociopath @realdonaldtrump of sexual assault



https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/a-running-list-of-all-the-women-whove-accused-donald-trump-of-sexual-assault_us_57ffae1fe4b0162c043a7212?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
1. When Trump became president, people stopped talking much about the numerous women who alleged he sexually assaulted them.
And they all backed down. your pal@Weinstein . Is under attack and liberals argue what about so and so. You act like a child trying to blame
Says the guy that ignores the plight of the sick and the poor.
How about how FEMA is not helping our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
They need help in PR. Please help!
Senador please give solution to ilegal people can work, study and contribute with the economy of this wonderful country God bless you
Glad there will be follow up. Our state department employees cannot be treated this way without consequence


Trump must go little Marco

Why are you worrying about Cuba when 80% of people in PR are still without power @realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
Stop worrying about Cuba and Venezuela and do what's right. Stand up to Donald Trump!
SABE POR DONALD TRUMP NO
HAY PORQUÉ PREOCUPARSE
EL ES UNA PERSONA MUY
COMPETENTE SABE L
QUÉ DEBE O NO HACER
DEJEN LA ENVIDIA Y
L MALDAD OREN
Marco, it'd B courageous if you honored your Constitutional Oath &  began Efforts 2 stop a
mentallly ill potus from having access 2 t/ CODES
Who benefits from this?:Russia? Trump?
Oh my God.. you. JustTweeted a Biblical Verse
Now you're hating on Brown People...you Know very well it's an Anti Obama Agenda for Trump
Can we get another one on Comey et al?
Maybe the Senate needs to get their own job done before checking on how another department does theirs. Jus' saying'
How do voters free you from any pension or government provided healthcare coverage? We need to give you your freedom from it. You'll love it
What about Russian meddling in our elections? You going to look at that soon?
Oh great just waste another 250 million bucks you never broke a sweat earning
Marco Rubio is a pussy
