@marcorubio  #JaqueMateAlTirano 
Nicolas Maduro is not a president, he's a dictator #Venezuela
People in the world please understand that any election holt in Venezuela after the year 2000 was neither free nor fair!
GNB le disparó con fusil a la pierna, hoy, en Baruta, Caracas, durante protestas. NO QUEREMOS TRANSICION CON CRIMINALES NI TRAIDORES
WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE FROM
OTHER SENATORS?
Support is needed from
your counterparts
@BenSasse @SenJohnMcCain
#Miami
.@NicolasMaduro is not a president, he's a dictator #Venezuela 
Soliciten en extradición al cartel de los soles @marcorubio
Maduro is simply an instrument of ! The colony has been established. Either  negotiates with or oil roads & ports will be destroyed
Dependent on oil exports and importing all else, blowing up ports airports bridges to  &   will punish any opposition government
Gracias por su apoyo en estos tiempos difíciles que vive Venezuela. Thank you for your support to Venezuela and the Venezuelans. #Venezuela
¿Uds pretenden que sigamos con estos criminales en una transición? NUNCA
Looking for dictators?

Such as he who attacks our judiciary, our press, attempts to suborn our law enforcement people, seeks "loyalty"?
Senador Rubio, mucha gente en Venezuela cree que el CNE deberia ser sancionado por USA.
Gracias @marcorubio
Not only I'll-gotten money there but also they are giving birth their children in USA taking advantage from your law!
Hate this Tapper hack! Nothing but amenace tosociety
@marcorubio no dejemos a Venezuela sola Tenemos que ayudar y quien más que @POTUS La cúpula venezolana es narcotraficantes.
Sen. marco . we need help in Venezuela. Maduró is destroying everithing . do it like noriega.
.@marcorubio
VOTE OUT MARCO RUBIO 2022
Gave him another chance. Talk & actions don't match. Lies re: even Town Hall, great video of evasion.

WHO: @marcorubio 

WHAT: Town Hall …
@cimcodedos 
@jmlara02 
Marco Rubio lo dijo como es. Más claro imposible.
Maduro NO es un presidente, es un DICTADOR.
@CNNEE DICTADOR
@Pontifex_es
We need  to help them
Thanks for helping Venezuela

¿COMO PUEDEN SIQUIERA PENSAR QUE QUEREMOS COMPARTIR GOBIERNO CON CRIMINALES? !SOLO LA MUD!
I want you to be my friends
I see
do you realize how close we were to becoming a dictatorship? unless we get rid of the liberals we soon will be
Exactly what trump wants to be in USA! Impeach!
How much longer does the people of Venezuela have to wait until the WORLD does something? #Venezuela

SÓLO EN BARINITAS ESTA TARDE HAN MATADO A DOS MUCHACHOS, Y EN VARIOS SITIOS DEL PAÍS HERIDO Y APRESADO A MUCHOS
Y SI SABEN QUE ES UN MALDITO CRIMINAL, CÓMO TIENEN LAS SANTAS BOLAS DE RECOMENDARNOS ELECCIONES!!!!!!!
True!
His policies are destroying a people - COMMUNISTS are WELL TRAINED IN THIS MANNER. Putin is well aware...
Asi actua la dictadura en vzla ...
Así actúa la dictadura contra nuestros vecinos, con violencia, infundiendo el terror. San Antonio de los Altos. #22Mayo 
Aqui no habran elecciones aunque se derrame toda la sangre, Segun Cabello.. 
Hoy esta muy fuerte el clima... Todo esta peor.
How can you trust in people that is doing that to their own people.  We need real change not another fake election. #SOSVenezuela
They are not letting medical attention inside of the prisons.
We can't trust the narco regime, they are killing young students, they are torturing making them eat pasta with human excrement
Senator Marco Rubio, I am writing as US citizen born in venezuela with many members of my family over there. We don't want elections
ya a lavase ese culo con vinagre pendejo
So is #Putin. And yet you're fine with what's happening in #Chechnya and with his meddling with our elections. Be against all dictatorship
ok, but RTing Marco Rubio ffs? I'm pretty sure you can find a better and less hypocritical man to give evidence
Much like your colleague trump will be if you don't stop him?
Right on, Senator Rubio. Maduro is a #dictator, a #murderer, and needs to be stopped.

Serious #cleansing needed #before legit #elections.
he was talking about you Marco Rubio
Marcos Rubio usted es la llave para salvar a Venezuela y Colombia del narco terrorismo del Castro Chavismo farcSantista por favor ayúdanos
dear brother, why the US hosts the rich narcos, terrorists and relatives of the Government of Venezuela that seems to me unfair and low?
In Colombia, we do not want that revolution that hurts a country, a dictator who violates the rights of the people, @marcorubio
Wow! It took him a long time to realize that probably because he was watching football. Desperate for political attention.
Mientras habla de venezuela esta dejando el regime de Trump con su corrupcion.  Cuando sabes que trump ama los dictadores y quiere ser uno
So is Trump
Mr Marco, please focus on the United States of America, not South aAmerica.
Y quién coño eres tu para señalar? Imbécil, hijo de la gusanera! Tus argumentos son tan trillados y absurdos que nadie los cree, arrastrado!
#Ayuda Internacional Urgente..! #Venezuela lo requiere.Todo el país está en protesta para q Maduro se Vaya! Gob. y GNB Asesinos y Dictador
Narcotraficante, #NoMasViolencia  Venezuela se respeta... No podran asquerosos !!!
Putin also a dictator, anything you have to say about that?
So what Rubio! Trump had talks with Maduro! He did it the right way! Until you have the exact details, shut the heck up! Ridiculous comment
porque no te vas a lavar ese culo 20 veces y después que te lo laves te vas a la mierda. Esto es Venezuela
PERO Q DICTADURA O TIRANIA RESPETA LA CONSTITUCION Y Q SE CELEBREN ELECCIONES LIMPIAS? CARAMBA BASTA YA DEL ENGAŃO SE PASAN!! #QUEARRECHERA
I agree, those properties should be sanctioned and confiscated for the good of the Venezuelan people who are greatly suffering!!
Thank you so much Mr. @marcorubio
Liberal progressives would take us to where Venezuela's is. Thank you for all you do for our country!
Just like Trump wants to be!
es verdad esto cada día se pone peor el peor gobierno que ha tenido Venezuela
@unidadvenezuela @hramosallup @JulioBorges Creo q maduro no la a tener facil..ofende a Trump y el sen Rubio hablo claro y preciso..3 strikes
America is in trouble, fix the trumpy problem before you try fixing other countries. A broken US will not benefit the rest of the world!
Oh look you have something in common! Neither of you are president and you are willing to hurt children for money (ex. Betsy DeVos)
Not like our President who shows huge respect for the rule of law
Stay off tv you should keep your mouth shut
You need to back up and not defame our President. Stop grandstanding
mad and furious.
Los Castro también son dictadores; en Ecuador montaron franchise y en Colombia un FALSO Nobel le compro inmunidad a los terroristas y narcos
Trump is a dictator too. You are one of his puppets.
Are you still talking about another country while trying to deflect attention from the real issues here? Trying to get those votes I see.
@WellingMichael @ajpelaez @megustastarbien @dracecicastillo @EstebanDL
@marcorubio You're right, the Russia deal is sucking all of the energy out of Congress. But, he was your pick and "you get what you pay for"
Es Maduro un dictador y @JuanManSantos un traidor a los colombianos y un apoyador de terroristas, narcos y homicidas como Maduro.

Your hypocrisy is showing
A killer of his own people
And it is Colombian also,  Ni es Venezolano usurpando un cargo de otro país, recordar que es Colombiano tiene penalidad también
Send Bernie Sanders. Let his crazy ass solve their problems with Socialism, since he thinks it's the answer.
The irony of @marcorubio calling Venezuelan legislators "rubber stamps" for their country's unstable president is staggering. @JoyReidTVNZ
Trump is also a dictator
.@marcorubio
VOTE OUT MARCO RUBIO 2022
He'll criticize Maduro, Castro, Putin, anyone views as autocrat. He's helping create same in .
Talking big about Maduro
What about Erdoğan himself & his security on  soil?
Predictable via your votes/inaction.
Gracias por ayudar a denunciar al tirano @NicolasMaduro y @TareckPSUV @DCabelloRondon @vladimirpadrino
You're talking about Maduro, but what are you DOING about this predictable result ON  SOIL?
Yes I agree Maduro is a Comunist Dictator Thanks Marco for what you do for the region
Here's her post more clearly, SSCI Member Rubio
President @realDonaldTrump can you please speak up for freedom of expression and right of peaceful demonstration. #FreedomOfSpeech 
Please explain, SSCI Member Marco Rubio, how your words aren't polit theater. Who stopped this? Invest? Public cmts?
https://twitter.com/cerenborazan/status/864973861279944704 …
#SOS #Venezuela  #ProhibidoOlvidar @Almagro_OEA2015 @OEA_oficial @ONU_derechos @CorteIDH  @bbcmundo @el_pais @FoxNews
•Please explain, SSCI Member Rubio, why you repeatedly support and act in concert w/that which you criticize clearly
Double talk by Rubio. This is what's called talking out both sides of his mouth.
.@marcorubio
Happy only c.7/100 I know who voted Rubio '16 now support.
I once defended him on here, Jim, can you believe that mistake?
@realDonaldTrump is not a President, he's a dictator
1/
•Please explain, SSCI Member Rubio
•Knew, saw, heard this, SO MUCH MORE Trump/nominees said/did '16 & b4
•Worse to Feb '17
•Worse today
2/
•Please explain, SSCI Member Rubio, why you talk big, always end up supporting/voting for & with what IS a regime
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2008/12/03/world/americas/03iht-nixon.1.18356903.html?smprod=nytcore&referer=&referer=&#8236 …
3/
•Please explain, SSCI Member Rubio: you/#GOP polits. support POTUS,policies EXPLICITLY by words,acts emulates RMN
4/
•Please explain, SSCI Member Rubio: has been clear to all; if SSCI MEMBER says otherwise, bigger Q's of Rubio
5/
•Couldn't hear your explanation, SSCI Member Rubio. We never do. Never truthful ones from you.
.@marcorubio 
Explain how you haven't been full-on supporting quickly budding autocracy/dictatorship so you'd be elected, for your agenda.
.@marcorubio 
1/
http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/21/politics/marco-rubio-senate-intelligence/index.html …
•There's been & is more than just a Russian "cloud," Marco; you're on SSCI.
2/
•So many other probs you explicitly criticized, Q'd, got A's seemed like seeking: then you supported/voted for DJT, other ppl/policies.
3/
•Town Hall avoidance lies, thankfully much proven by video, pathetic
•You'll never be elected again: hypocrite & scared of constituents
Trump is a dictator and an ass 
.@marcorubio 
#KingOfPoliticalTheater Marco talks big re: dictators/corruption, then does nothing. In , supports by vote after criticizing
So is Trump.
You should know the signs, little Marco. Your Messiah wants to be a dictator..right in front of your eyes.
As simple as that! Thanks for your support @marcorubio 
Lo invito para que venga a Venezuela y vea la democracia participativa y protagónica que tiene mi bello país cosa que ustedes allá no tienen
maduro dio dinero a la ceremonia de Trump cuando entro de presidente . sabes bien que Trump ama los dictadores .
Maduro pay money to Trump they love each other so stop it
they need to work their  stuff on their own we need to take care of our . if neglected we will end up like them Trump love of dictatorship
stop using that to distract yourself from USA problems your USA senator not Venezuela
Apparently we have one on our hands as well
.

Construyen "Sendero Ho Chi Minh" pa mandar Armas y Comida desde Santanderes y César hacia Táchira Zulia y Mérida
Building the "Ho Chi Minh Trail" between Colombia and Venezuela to supply Food and Arms to the Slaves revolting and fighting against Maduro 
Neither is Trump!
So is trump. #illegitimate #ImpeachTrump
What would Venezuela do without you? #trytofocus
Actually Venezuelan elections are much more fraud proof than US, you may not like him, but you clearly are ill informed. They use papertrail
Dictados asesino genocida
I totally agree. He is a murder and hates his people.
THANK SOMUCH Marco Rubio,don't forget to put in the list all the corrupters Chavistas supporter of dictatorship living like innocent in EEUU
Agreed, but we must take care of America first. Send them food and let them work things out for themselves
How is it you deem an elected president a dictator in #Venezuela, but not a word about unelected Temer who seized power in a coup in Brazil?
It's sad that you are willing to stand up to Maduro but you can't do the same to Trump.#itsadowhatisaymoment
45 doesn't want to be president, he wants to be a dictator. That's why changing democratic Gov to look like one big business #RefuseFascism
Little Marco looking like a beaten dog when they hold the majority is not a good strategy!
When you lay down and roll over like a good sycophant why should we vote republican? A good question asked by Rush to the VP.
Despite what you think Little Marco. You lost because you are a moral coward and lay down when you should fight. Either that are you lie
during the campaign. I hope for your sake it is the latter because being a liar is better than being a coward. I suspect it the previous.
Trump won not because of the Russians. It is insulting to us for you to suggest that. Trump won despite the media and elements of GOP.
Thank you for support and help the venezuelans
Grow a pair
Stop playing the middle to hedge your electability next cycle!!
It's said that .@realDonaldTrump is not a president, he's a plant. How do you answer that? #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
America, see what u missed.... smart guy
Did you say Trump?
Was he elected in a fair election?
You people alleging your loss of support for Sen Rubio ...have never been supporters...and have never bothered to check his political stance
Get wedgied
Gracias Sr. Rubio por todo el apoyo a nuestro país.
Thought y'all were pretty cool with dictators these days.
Don't go on @CNN they are a disgrace.
Yeah by his answers and recent statements thats EXACTLY where he needs to be
Are you opposed to want a be dictator, trump?
And some would argue that Trump is a wanna-be dictator, not a president.
@NoahCRothman @NicolasMaduro one of the world's greatest weight loss coaches!  Epic
Agree, senator. 100% applicable to Russia, as well
Venezuela made its bed! Now it must lay in it!!!!
I thought he was talking about Trump too.
Dictator you say? Perfect! Now that is someone Trump knows how to negotiate with. Will you join them for a round of golf?
The one thing I agree with @marcorubio but his focus needs to be the corruption of Trump and nothing more
Trying to look presidential now, lil marco?  That ship has sailed...well, actually it's sunk, but you've been too busy running to notice.
# Venezuelan president is a dictator and needs to get out.
Putin puppet.
Yes, the people of Venezuela need to vote in another president.
Nobody votes in dictatorship, everything is controlled. They do not respect democracy
The Venezuelan people thank you for your support. Please don't forget this situation could become a new Siria in the backyard of the US
100% agree
He is not a Presidente he is animal and genocide !! Venezuelans wants freedom!!
Please explain difference of Venezuelan supreme court rubber stamping president vs FBI director required to pledge loyalty to POTUS
#WorldPeace #POTUSAbroad #conservatives #Constitution #Peace #PresidentTrump THANK YOU #RUBIO
Right on! Presidents are fairly elected, Maduro is a DICTATOR who is killing the Venezuelan nation to stay in power
Mir . CubanAmerican , ..The president of Saudi Arabia is also a dictator and trump is going to sell weapons. . .   WTF ?  
Pay attention to the leader of your own country,  please.
Yes. @marcorubio, you are capable of walking and chewing gum at the same time, aren't you?
Absolutely seize those properties for the Venezuelans, and hopefully can more easily rebound from their "actual" worth. :)
Another snow flake crying because crooked democrats didn't win the election. The American people spoke and voted and President Trump won.
How about you and your banker employers stop interfering in a sovereign nation's politics. Maduro needs to kick the globalist banks out now!
@realDonaldTrump is not a president, he's a dangerous, narcissistic, misogynistic, authoritarian with advancing dementia.
The mistake many commit is that its only maduro. Its all the red regime
And YET, you seem to SUPPORT our "dictator wannabe" president who wants to LOCK UP journalists & FIRES ANYONE who dares to CROSS him!
That's what the Con Artist Trump thinks he is and you are in the same in the boat with him you voted and back him party first notCountryTRUE
People are on the Street corners here in Fort Myers with signs stating Venezuela Dictator commits crimes again his people
It sounds like it's time to be honest and truthful.. no matter who your party is! I'll vote for that every time!
It's May 21, 2017 please tell us what you've done this year, since we pay you we should know what we got for our money in the 1st quarter.
Like Sisi, Erdogan and Putin, Trump's best friends.
@marcorubio, you work for the USA, not Venezuela.  How about affordable healthcare?  How about protecting Medicare?
For a moment there I thought you had grown a pair and was talking about Donald Trump again
Rubio has lost my Support, he's all about himself and screw the People.
Screw that people
