worth noting, Lynch or Holder would have never stepped aside for good of country.
worth noting: Obama administration was never as plagued with scandal in 8 years as Trump has been in 4 weeks
IRS? Fast & Furious? Benghazi? 

Lol all you have on Trump is a bunch of unnamed sources, that don't prove anything
lol Benghazi, the "horrible" scandal that was dropped immediately after Clinton lost election? sure thing bro
running guns to Mexican Cartels? IRS being used to assault your political foes? Cash 4 hostages?
lol the IRS was not used to assault political foes. cash wasn't paid for hostages. try news other than infowars
cash was paid for hostages. That is a fact.
lol nope
too little too late. he should resign. he lied under oath and to the American people
really you hold such high standards for Sessions but so little for Holder & Lynch
yeah i expect people not to lie about the lies they lie about:
Jeff Sessions used campaign funds to travel to convention meeting he said was part of official Senate business https://www.wsj.com/articles/jeff-sessions-used-political-funds-for-republican-convention-expenses-1488509301 …
.@marcorubio you can only cum if you're being punched in the balls while a thin metal rod is inserted in your dick hole
are you talking from experience? Stick to eating your chocolate chip cookies little boy
Rubio can't drink a bottle of water like a human being and the Reagan administration let AIDS happen
Reagan did not "let" aids happen. That traces back to some kind of monkey sex in Africa. Blame monkey

is this a power point for one of your school papers, the cookie mans conspiracy theory on aids?
no it's multiple articles on how Reagans are directly responsible for HIV/AIDS spiraling out of control

He should be recused from his job for lying under oath. If meeting is so innocent why lie.
His decision was incomplete.  It would have been honorable to resign.  The GOP lacks honor, honesty, humility or compassion.
A typical trait amongst the left, so called, is their arrogance. Animated dust, ignoring their brevity.
《 he's on the Senate Intelligence Commitee. Like they say in politics, goes around, comes around.
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio 
y tu eres tremendo come mierda 
Do you remember taking an oath to protect and defend the constitution against all enemies both foreign and DOMESTIC?
I do not agree Jeff Sessions did nothing wrong and you know it Stop appeasement of the liberals
Don't let them forget about Russia, Mr. Rubio!!
no he did nothing wrong. Liberal lies.
you would've made the right decision to vote "no" at his confirmation... but I digress... SAD
Everyday they come up with some absurb thing to hold us from getting on with issues!!
Dems care nothing about average American Citizens. Only care about themselves and more  absolute hypocrisy.
my family live in your area. My brother is an exterminator and one if his routes is the PGA. Great area there!
Sessions lied too and he needs to be investigated as well!
he's an honorable man.. sadly whe the Democratic Socialist would thumb their noses at honor and say screw us the American People
you should have retired. You are weak
he should resign you hypocrite
Sessions should be gone. He lied but of course that has become the norm for Republicans!!
That doesn't matter.  Republicans all support a traitor in office as long as they get their way.
With Jeff Sessions, we'll finally have law and order!
Congress needs to read: Ethics in Congress: From Individual to Institutional Corruption by Dennis F. Thompson
duh, no kidding! A nation duped. If it wasn’t so scary, it would be funny.
SESSIONS SHOULD BE REMOVED!
hmmm, probably hard to recognize someone "doing the right thing". Of course right thing should be used sparingly in this case.
AG Sessions is one of the most honorable ppl in DC. Of course he would recuse himself unlike any of Obamas cronies did
and u continue to make the wrong ones by not pushing for an independent investigation!  I'm sick of America's split!  Change it!
RINO
< Where is your backbone and why haven't you called out POTUS insanity and corruption
"Top Cop of USA keeps job after lying under OATH to Congress?" On TV! Restore honesty & Integrity to gov't #SessionsMustResign
I agree 100%. No matter what he does the dems will find fault with his decision.
Good interview on NBC. I hope you follow through on your promise of bipartisan investigation.
And he made the wrong decision to lie under oath.This will not end well.Why does GOP continue to deny the country for the party?
"Instant Karma's gonna get you, gonna look you right in the face, you better get yourself together darling, join the human race"
He caved in to the #DNC hoaxers who prayed on a normal tendency 2 forget UNimportant events. You're DNC stooge.
put your big boy pants on and stand against a fascist liar.
r not enough! He lied under oath to the Senate and should resign or be kicked out.
Me Marco Rubio. Me Senate Intelligence Commitee! Me know soooo much! Yay! Me Senator make good report card. 
you are dead WRONG!
He didnt 
Just the investigation during campaign 
He needs to step down
#LIESLIESRUSSIANTIES
You know that story was all bull . Act like a Republican once in a while, please. At least Dems have each others backs!
Will you use your position to hold those guilty accountable?  We're counting on @GOP to do the right thing #CountryOverParty
Guilty of clever misdirection just like Sessions. Republicans are speechless
Please do America before party. Please.
Please keep pursuing the truth here, in a nonpartisan fashion.
Because he lied to The USA. Grow some balls and admit that Little Marco.
Shame about the whole Perjury crime though.. Grow  backbone.. & speak out before you go down with Trump's Titanic
he must resign for lying under oath!
now save yourself. They will bring you down in the end. Chose to be a hero, people will forgive you, but not if you go down
Good luck manyana MTP.  Please don't pull a p*ssy ryan.  USA need ballz of steel that don't roll with the flow of D.C. bullsh*t!
and now it's your turn to resign, since you haven't shown up for constituents.
No, he should not have given in to a ridiculous allegation. We have to stop trying to be the "better man" in these situations
duh!
please senator my biggest regret is having voting for you. As a republican voter I feel disgusted with the party.
He should have resigned.
After all rhetoric from your side about Hillary Clinton, literally she did NOTHING wrong! Don't you think he needs to resign?
i only come to read the comments 
@SenRubioPress General Sessions should resign
why? He was asked if he met with ambassador re: election. He didn't. That was the question.
Are you really a republican?
not enough we demand a special prosecutor!  Also, your lame for running away from your constituents!  #notmysenator
When has the Orwellian left done the same?  You must stand firm in this war of ideologies.
he's gotta resign, Marco. I feel a little like princess Leah when I'm thinking "save us, Marco -you're our only hope"
that's it?
call a special prosecutor!
Gee...wait to stand up little marco...the obvious keeps you out of the cross hairs of king trump...Stand up for the PEOPLE
Stand back from criticizing Trump admin.  We know ur prez wannabe and voting 4 u is a not possible.  Foolish!
he should step down
Sessions should quit.  He used campaign money to meet with the Russians.  Recusal is not good enough.
I would ask that you and the other Republican senators to stop recusing yourselves from “fighting back” against the “fake news.”
he should resign and so should Potus before he does something that can't be fixed
he must resign. Recusal is not enough
I hope you'll support a special prosecutor.
you disgust me!  I thought you were leaving politics. #no back bone.
you only take a stance after the fact. Where are your balls and moral compass?? How much money do you need to find them??
Right.Dude lied before the committee.But hey, it's OK in Trumpland.Pretty soon "I'll" be grabbing pussy just like him,RIGHT?
so investigate
AG Sessions may end up being implicated in the Russian Trump campaign and need to resign.
Sessions needs to resign. Please do your job and call for an independent investigation
seems like nobody watched the confirmation hearings.he did not lied Get over it
he is a liar like trump neither one should stay.
Russia if U have those Emails etc. R U going to step it up or R U going to do the Weather Vane ! Yes Sessions Did !
please stop this crap witch hunt and pass a repeal of Obamacare.
Well, I'm proud of you, Marco, to take such a stand. Hold to it.
Lil' Marco Youbare a disgrace for this country! Now is good decision when yesterday u said no comments! #Rubioclown
Appreciate this stance, but it's meaningless until the investigation actually takes place.
now he should recuse himself from politics and go to prison.
Agree with you, add substance!!!!
Yes, Marco you are right about AG recuse, what else u propose?
WRONG DECISION. Rubio i was your operative! You let me down. Little Marco? Weak Marco! #MAGA
trumps buddy
how can you live with yourself. Poor florida
Sessions needs to resign:  he lied under oath
yeah, but, he perjured himself. Those lies don't sit well with the American public - we r not that naive. #trumprussia
He had no choice.
Absolutely wrong! It is a set up next in line will try to take down Trump.
he should resign than talk 45 into resigning
No sh**, Sherlock...when is your town hall meeting?  Still in "Europe"?
Wrong. Republicans r such cowards. This just adds more fuel, more red meat. Repubs run like scared bunnies&NEVER suppt each othr
U cant win this way, playing w/gentlemen's rules. Thats y we r sick if republicans
Thanks for the heads up "Little Marco" u will never be POTUS. Ass kisser. He may have little hands but u got no balls.
that's like saying nothing
Great, now refuse yourself from everything, and resign.
*recuse
He should be shitcanned as he committed perjury.  #DumboRubio
Only because that gringo got caught!
Wrong - he did nothing wrong. Just a Dem ploy to inhibit Trump down the road!  Quit falling for this stuff!
He needs to resign and be investigated for perjury Rubio, you pompous ass fool!  Quit towing the party line, we see through it
did you vote so that trump does not have to show his taxes????
thank you captain obvious
I disagree. Why didn't you speak out against Loretta Lynch?
NO, he didn't. He had done nothing wrong so why give in to Dem's pressure esp with them being hypocrites. need to grow a set
No the right decision would have been to resign,
and now all he needs to do is RESIGN!  Please advocate for us by encouraging his resignation!
that's not enough. He lied under oath. That deserves resignation at the least. C'mon Marco #CountryOverParty
There needs to be a special orsecutor.
he did not..GOP caved just like y'all usually do..damn mad at y'all! So much for my dear friends in senate
after he lied to the committee how wonderful that NOW he does the right thing - ya think they should have done the ethics class?
stupid decision
. I voted for you for president..  I made a big mistake
AND HE LIED TO CONGRESS - PERJURY! Do your job.
2018 2020 2018 2020.
might want to recuse himself from AG!??
why Democrats never do it
the Republicans need to stop caving in get some balls and fight back
he needs to resign
why was it the right decision for Flynn to resign but not sessions?
When did you wake up?
too little, too late. we're still voting you out.
No he should resign.His "forgotten discussion"while public discovery of hacking,days after G20,then Russia says we can B friends
and now he says he didn't know anything about hacking at the time?  Armed Services Committee didn't know-BULLSHIT! He's lying!
can I get a lock him up?
He is a perjurer. He needs to resign or do the rules only apply to Democrats?
no thanks to you. Too busy hiding from constituents and asking for our $$$
but he didn't do it because it was the right thing to do, he did it because he got caught.
now investigate Trump, and meet with your constituents.
He needs to resign and you should be pushing! DO YOUR JOB!
How do you feel about a person telling a lie under oath?
Did he make the right decision when he entered into discussions with Russia? Curious on your opinion.
Did some republicans call for resignations?   Yes.
Holder did - twice
AG Lynch - kinda did.
as usual you bow down to the narrative of the media and the political establishment. That's why you lost the election #FightBack
Did AG Holder recuse himself from anything?
Did AG Lynch recuse herself from anything.
no sir he did not
be a rhino
a day late & a dollar short. He lied under oath after selling out our democracy let's not applaud him, he should be investigated
he should resign. #republicrooks
Stop this stupid Trump witch hunt. The country has business to conduct.
do you really think the dems will stop on the Russian witch hunt? Republicans need to unite and go on offense..
but the wrong decision to LIE to Congress.
Now you need to make the right decision and support his resignation.  He has no respect for the office to which he is appointed.
Absolutely on Time.
you are such as brown nose
Your turn to make the right decision and call for his resignation.
probably but he didn't have to! He did nothing wrong...
Lil' @marcorubio, why did he waited so long? why is the @FBI stonewalling the investigation? @jeffsessions order this too? #FireSessions
I agree, even though I believe there is nothing to these reports at all.
need to resign  Nixon's attorney general forced 2 resign 4 same thing-Why do u reps excuse unless dem does it-hypocracy#resist
he needs to resign. a full independent investigation is needed to determine what the hell is going on!
little marco
he should resign & you should stay in hiding
I will never vote for you again. EVER!!!
How can you represent Florida, be of Hispanic descent and support this man? How much have you been paid? Or bribed?
How about what YOU should be doing??? This is so stupid. Duh, but that is common sense. Now YOU need to protect us.
How about growing a pair an demanding his resignation, as you rightly would of a Clinton admin cabinet member.
Attorney General lied under oath. Didnt we impeach a president who lied about Blowjob under oath?  Be consistent please
a FULL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION must be pursued.  The issue of Russian collussion will not go away.
he should resign. He lied under oath. Where are the #NeverTrump real Republicans. Step up to this administration!
Once again we heard from the peanut gallery. Have you checked with 45?
All in the wording.  Should have recused for all investigations pertaining to Russia, the campaign, election, and POTUS.
how about you guys stop going along with this narrative and help fight back?
He needs to resign.   We don't need a lying attorney general.
Because he's a honest man! Stand by him!
I'm a FL voter; your phone VM is full & I cannot leave msg. I urge you to demand Sessions' resignation. No one is above the law!
VM ..Seems as if Rubio's VM is always full lately... It wouldn't be if this were an election year..
yep, full VM and Rubio hid in Europe to avoid his constituents at town halls. He does not represent the people.
the FIRST step. He must #resign !
Judas!!
- he lied!
As @VP I commend @marcorubio for recusing himself from standing up for the American people
BS. Take a step back and observe the Democrat strategy to hamstring the entire GOP and especially DJT.
Yes, but he needs to resign too.
so he did have contact with the Russian now he lied so when does he get canned like Flynn?
what great leadership. Lying under oath by "omission". Elected officials lie and that is ok? That's your message senator?
