"We are expanding the Child Tax Credit because we believe the most important investment our country can make is in our children." @POTUS
Swampy Secret #TaxReform means it benefits the rich & big corp donors. Middle Class Miracle is a LIE.
Some thoughts on the unprecedented, or at least highly unusual, Treasury suppression of a technical paper. https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Wtf? Tell me the difference between the GOP & DNC at this point? 20 TRILLION in debt &u r entertaining another hand out to welfare &illegals
Tell the princess 2 go back 2 her NY lib Democrat friends & stop trying 2 give away our children's futures. Dammit man u have no moral issue
with sticking our kids & their kids with the bill 4 all of this ridiculous bullshit ? if this starts it never ends &Dems will expand it ..
Let's talk about what we're doing to NOT create a mass genocide in PR...thats wht you should be talking abt.
When are you going to look at what the people of FL & the US actually need & stop bowing to the cheeto & his idiot spawn?
MAKE SOME PROGRESS WITH PUERTO RICO!
blowing up the deficit, adding $3T.  more money on defense, tax breaks for big corps, middle america gets screwed. our grandchildren=screwed
Booooooollllssshhhhiiiiitttttteeee
Booooooollllssshhhhiiiiitttttteeee
Booooooollllssshhhhiiiiitttttteeee
Booooooollllssshhhhiiiiitttttteeee
Start by replacing Betsey DeVos.  She ruined Michigan schools.
No, she is ruining all schools!
#TaxReform is in fact a TAX CUT for the 1%, corporations and #Trump! The deficit will grow and working Americans won't see any benefits.
Thanks for helping with tax reform. Democrats say its bad
Tax credits are a working mans welfare. Wages are stagnant in Florida. Fix that.
What a suck-up
Child credit great. Child healthcare critical! Budget cuts CHI, 340,000 kids in FL depend on it!
@IvankaTrump @POTUS 
Add here, but take away there for the middle class.
The wealthy get a massive cut, paid for by “growth”
BS
And as a single teacher with no children? Who will help us? Tax me more, please!
U need to help families that have sick elders in the home. They do not deserve 2B housed in a nasty nursing home when families want to do it
How about something for us seniors who barely get by month to month and got hit with extra expenses from Irma!
Yeah screw the people that don't have kids!
Awesome. You know what would help even more? Better funding for social programs & tax cuts for the middle & working class. - a working mom
Lambiscon
I was floored to learn that WK @KelloggsUS  used to have FREE childcare for his employees. Wish more biz would do or would still do that.
My kids r grown how about not paying taxes past 70, that would b great
@IvankaTrump @POTUS "Tax reform" = shoveling yet more cash to your plutocratic donors, and everybody knows it. Stop lying.
The Princess Ivanka nanny tax
What RUBIO is trying to push is appeasing his very displeased donors after failing healthcare.  Who are literal billionaires that want to..
Take every last bit they can from us working people who often spend days or more on E in the damn car just to make ends meet! #welfarequeens
Yes I have seen the investment by Secy. DeVos in education for said children.
How does repealing the Estate Tax help Americans other than Trumo?
You are making real progress to give big tax cuts to your stinking rich donors NO TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH STOP DJT M. MCCONNELL & PAUL RYAN
@IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump then you all should read Mrs. Clintons childrens book......"It takes a Village" #TakeAKnee #ImpeachTrump
If you truly believe in investing in children, Medicare for all. And DeVos has got to go.
No! The fact you have a child does not give those families extra money! This is vote buying with tax payer money! Period! Because cartels...
Child tax credit created by Ivanka aka Nanny Tax Credit. Possible tax benefit if you earn minimum of $100,000. Say no  #TaxReform
24 hour subsidized child care is key to ending poverty. So many working people struggle with child care because they do shift work.
It's called bribery and it's not cool to shirk.
Only idiots can believe in you and in your stupid Tax Credit bull.
Shut up, wait are you the first lady.
Yeah, sure Ms Trump you and the old man kiss the babies to gather monetary compassion so you can sly in another assessment, or rich slash.
Get some spine Marco ...and denounce the redhead
So you get your credit approved now other Senators will want their special tax credits approved so forget a new tax bill it will be the same
So glad we are cutting revenues to give the kids were using for tax breaks more debt that will cripple them...fiscal conservative? yea right
How does eliminating the estate tax grow jobs? Why not a credit for us jobs instead of rate cut?
We?  Who voted for Ivanka to do anything? Is she the acting POTUS?
Really? Because the tax credit I had seen proposed was miniscule.
@GOP @TheDemocrats #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
Tax Credits are dumb. A consumption tax with border tariff protection would be incredibly simple and efficient and would have no loopholes!
@marcorubio glad you're looking out after all women & working women, especially since the #taxreform blueprint was led by 6-men and no women
Senator, how about an exemption/ credit to parents of special needs young adults who still live at home, based on diagnosed mental age?
Increase the Child care credit too please.
Have y'all fucked yet?
Save Puerto Rico!
Unless they are black
Shut up Marco...deal with #PuertoRico & suspending the #JonesAct
I wish that were true. Let’s empower@families@and@wspecially the diminishing @middle class
Marco, just stop it. You're all doing Trump's bidding. Clearly it's all intended to help his businesses & his family.
Get food, water & fuel to Puerto Ricans. Roads need to be cleared, trucks need to be fueled, loaded and dispatched STOP WITH THE POCKET POOL
Help Puerto Rico. Tell your buddy Trump to pit aside the Jones Act! Americans are all colors, not just white.
You have to make a lot of money for it to count#.
What about CHIP? It expires on Saturday. It needs to be reauthorized immediately! What r u doing 2 save this program?
Sorry Senator...I have zero confidence that you and your colleagues will get anything done.
What about caring for elderly parents?
So invest more money in public schools
Anything like the new “mortgage deduction” that’s worthless to itemize unless your home is 1mil
Ivan is trump is expanding the child tax credit break? What??? #demented
And then there is this
Like all Republican tax cuts it will benefit the wealthy the most.
Just another entitlement and property transfer scheme
Oh good! So, even more people, that don't actually pay taxes, will be getting nice fat checks next Feb. Awesome! Thanks
A tax credit will not help any poor person send their kids to day care.
Honest question. Is this an actual credit against taxes accrued/paid or is it just a cash giveaway that is more of an entitlement?
@ReaganBattalion the Koch Payback Plan. Screw the middle-class and give a big break to the 1%ers. You got a verse for that?
The most important investment unless they're on Medicaid. Then they better get their young butts to work！
It’s nothing compared to the tax credits that rich are getting #AnyoneButYou
Need to expand it that taxpayers don't lose that credit when dependent turns 17 if they are still in school.

Now would be a good time for Trump to follow precedent and release his taxes so we know this is not a swindle like the health care plan was

How much you adding to the debt?
Who gives a fuck about tax credits now!  Send the marines,army,navy to Puerto Rico  USA citizens are suffering right now?They need help
Trump won't lift #JonesAct for #PuertoRico as he did for FL+TX cuz shipping billionaires don't want it lifted. PLEASE LIFT IT!!
Thank you. As a father of 3 with a stay at home wife I hope this will help us do more than scrape by.
Haven't qualified in years. The middle class is too "rich" and the GOP traded us in for the opiate-addict constituency.
WE Ivanka?  Who elected you to anything?
sounds like you need @ltgrusselhonore
And that promised Obamacare repeal is coming any day now, right?  And are you still backing Antifa?
Bull. You just pander to the 1%.

All that on a postcard?
24 billion dollars going to illegals and family that's shouldn't get it. Fix it first. Ppl are gaming that program.
Nah...try again
What about the 70k small businesses and over 3 million workers who will lose their jobs?
Hey Marco...how does it feel to be Cabana boy to the rich and famous??
I have a feeling and it’s telling me your full of it
How about the adoption credit? Just as important to some families.
I'm excited about #TaxReform; however, expanding  child tax credit and keeping dependent exemptions will do more for families.
Hahaha the GOP will never lower our taxes only those of their rich donors
The GOP is the only party that talks about lowering taxes. Not just for the rich but for middle class as well.
ANTIFA don't have kids...aren't they your new base?
Yeah but even more so now fewer  Americans will pay any tax with most having negative taxes. Is this healthy?
Can we add a transgender spouse credit so Jared can get special treatment?
Here's an idea. Lower taxes on everyone so you don't have to give our money back to us.
You can change your exemptions so you don't get a refund and instead get more money every month. Why give the govt a loan?
As a republican voter for 40 years, I expect all elected republicans to support the president's agenda. Use your influence Senator Rubio!!
Does that include Trump's agenda to cut his own taxes?
Um what if you have no kids. Republican logic would say why should I pay for someone else's kids
Then why did you cut the heck out of education? Kids important, stupid disfunctional kids more important? Healthy kids no important? #sad
She doesn't know a darn thing abt taxes and her dad less still can't find his TAX REtURNS he promised to disclose if he won! Well he didn't
Will Health insurance premiums and HSA contributions be pre tax items under new plan?
Oh funny haha same lady employing slave labor in the form of sweatshops NOT FUNNY!
Please, Can we help Puerto Rico?
Anything you people back, isn't gonna help the middle class. Y'all only care about the 1%. As evidenced by your actions. @IvankaTrump Youre just someone with no clue. Like you really care about people.  NOT
Your not helping the lower incomed or middle class your saving millions for the rich those people that are running this country Koch Bros
You are both lairs. The only thing either of you work hard for is yourselves.
You Lie
We don't believe a damn word Ivanka says...what the hell is she doing in the White House???
Why would i care about anything Ivanka says?
BS that Child Tax Credit is a drop in  the bucket, while Corporations bleed us dry with deregulated Banks, Insurance, Utilities & Healthcare
Haha, Child "Tax Credits"? Had that in Canada under the conservatives. Doesn't work. ONLY benefits people with money who use the credits.
Ah no actually is benefits people with kids. Especially people in the middle who would otherwise get almost no taxes back
Nope, you need money. You need substantial income to take advantage of so-called tax credits. No money? No substantial income? Sorry!
If you don't make any money you're not paying any tax anyway
Then why are you allowing CHIP to expire?
Bullshit! Stop giving tax cuts to the rich and crumbs to the poor!!! Provide services to all in need!!!!!! Maybe healthcare??!!
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/record-135-billion-a-year-for-illegal-immigration-average-8075-each-25000-in-ny/article/2635757 …
'
TAX  CREDITS  AREN’T  SHIT  WHEN  YOU  LIVE  PAYCHECK  TO  MOTHERFUCKING  PAYCHECK 
This tax credit is for rich white people. Hollow, Senator Rubio.
Meanwhile making the wealthy richer
Read the bill. This just increases already thousand dollar refunds for those who DONT PAY TAXES. It doesn't help middle class - it opens door for more fraud & abuse of system among low income ppl already dep on govt
Ivanka and family are either under Federal Investigstion or will be soon, please leave her and private email using self out of it.
You are a spineless and weak man. Tony 9:27
I love the book of tony. That's my favorite passage 9:27!!
it's theft from those who don't have kids. No refundable credits.
No Bible quotes?
You must be tired of the hypocrisy too!!!!

The child tax credit is perfect right noe.  If you are careful and get a mechanic to come along, but form an owner, you get a car with that.
how do you guys say stuff like this with a straight face?  UR giving tax cuts to WEALTHY WELFARE KINGS, the pimps you serve.
Also, keeping poor people in that vicious cycle you like to blame them for nonstop.
Please cut spending.
For wealthy people*
Actually no - it's only for those making less than $30k a yr - those who generally aren't paying for childcare to begin with
Good to see someone who knows what's up, much love and blessings thank you for being a human being <3
