
Ayuda para Venezuela esta gente no se va con votos ayuda por favor
Senador acaban de bloquear caracoltv por directv venezuela hace 2 minutos! Cada vez nos dejan más oscuros! Q tristeza tan grande para vnzla
Thank you very much, from a Venezuelan-American that has family suffering there. We need humanitarian military intervention ASAP!
Great idea!
Hilary you just don't get it you lost in more ways than you realise I suppose it will click In the distant future
You forgot one of our other Senators @SenBillNelson maybe you should be less partisan when dealing with Venezuela. Just a thought.
God bless you Marco, & may He guard & protect your every move & put a hedge of protection around your family in Jesus name I pray,
Amen.
Remember this Mr VP,
Florida is on the 10 MOST CORRUPT STATES in America list & has been for decades ~ @Forbes WE ELECT CROOKS!
10 most corrupt states in America on who's list?
VP is a disgraceful liar.
You didn't meet with REAL opposition to the tyranny, you met with accomplices. With those who want to live with the narco dictatorship
Planning an adventurous war to keep your base distracted?
I recommend you and a few of your buddies head on down and do some community organizing
I don't usually listen to the advice of those that defy and mock God. I hope that you become a Christian.
Not sure who you r responding 2 however one should b careful about questioning 1s faith. Still on mike I guess. 1 Timothy 4:10
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
An evil soul producing holy witness
Is like a villain with a smiling cheek,
1/2
I did not mean to offend you. Each of use have a right to our options. Each r valued & we all come from different places. Peace
"...do some community organizing

"I did not mean to offend you."

Really? I remember the scorn aimed at Obama for community organizing.
Thank you to all of you! For your great support and determination for Free Venezuela  I personally, as proud Venezuelan-American Inmigran!
Crook.
Thank you for your support! Help us!Venezuela muere de hambre por el HAMBRE de poder del narco-régimen! 
The Phoenix rally was downright scary. Please be a patriot and stand against this outrage. Have the courage to be on the right side!
Please come up with strategies.
Stop all your lies. U have been caught. U will resign once the dossier is out
Oh boy, Rubio you are in some rotten company.
We've all the ways closed. 80% or more of venezuelan people support a US military option like in Panama. That's our only hope. Thank you!
@POTUS Por favor no nos abandonen a merced d #NarcoDictadura  @RosLehtinen @SenatorMenendez en Venezuela niños mueren d hambre y enfermedad
Sr Rubio hoy lo escuché oir q en USA jamás fué callado x tener opiniones politicas distintas, le pido entonces q escuche a la Resistencia
So Rubio is pussyboy again
Go down to Miami Beach tomorrow, and if it's sunny, stand in middle of street and observe RISING OCEANS on a clear day! #ClimateChangeIsReal
#MUD is part of the Narco Genocide Terrorist illegal regime 
I can't you believe you stand by Trump
Please be clear that the so call #MUD is a FAKE opposition created by Chavez only REPRESENT there own interest 
Just come here and fire them all. Send Marines.  Seals. The CIA. The GSOC. Blackwater and all the American fire and fury against Maduro.

Thank you all. God Bless you and God bless America.
Yes but you are meeting w/ a fake opposition created by the Narco Terrorist Genocide illegal regime 
Por favor ayude a nuestro país Venezuela!! No hay antibióticos, aspirinas, comida!! El sueldo ya no alcanza ni para comer SOS!!
Thanks.
why don't you try talking to American families and community leaders? Take care of your own first!
Mr @VP Pence You also need to hear & read the from those that have no means, or where to emigrate. This regime must be overthrown ASAP.
Gracias 
https://mobile.twitter.com/Mangiagli/status/900384413174902786/video/1 …
Ever have an independent thought? You were touted as a stabilizing influence before the election. Clearly happy on this ship of fools.
Many have been murdered because of their belief in freedom our strength comes from God and we prey now for a miracle so that we can be free
Thank you VENEZUELA and its people need all support u can give specially for those who are being inprision and torture please help us
Well done vp
Basta de hipocresía, por favor. Buenas obras son amores. AYUDA MILITAR
Todos los gobiernos se rasgan las vestiduras por Venezuela pero nadie habla de otorgar la verdadera y definitiva ayuda:  la militar
realidad es que en este tiempo, el régimen castrocomunista se ha venido consolidando en Venezuela. Mucho bla bla bla pocas acciones
desde hace 4 años venimos escuchando palabras de aliento similares, primero en boca d Kerry/Jacobson,ahora de Pence/Rubio, pero la única
When is @marcorubio going to hear from his constituents at a townhall? I'm a taxpayer and Floridian.
Thanks @marcorubio de corazon gracias por tu apoyo una venezolana, ciudadana de US y democrata, pero muy agradecida
Muchas gracias por su ayuda. Venezuela la necesita.
A literal #deplorable convention.
Hey there @VP. @marcorubio is a bible-quoting hypocrite just like you so he will make a great VP in a Pence administration. So transparent.
Nice. Maybe you can figure out how to #impeachtrump
Go back to Washington where you belong. We,I  don't want you here pluding our air with all your lies. You're poison,to say the least.
Your a religious power hungry fascist & along with supremacist dictator trump and a good portion of the GOP that endorsed u both, need to go
VP i invite you to come to Venezuela, drink a polar beer and Eat arepas and discuss with respect #Peace
Bring the Boys Home. Mr. Agnew.
Pence, Scott and Rubio, a Homophobe, a crook, and a whimp The Republican Taliban at its best 
PERFECT
Very dangerous hezbola and VP Tarek Elhaizame
@VP Please do me a favor & read the Book of Revelations and if  you don't see a connection between Trump & the Antichrist, re-read it. 
After that, read again. If you don't see the similarities between Trump & Antichrist you're missing it.
It's odd that is son-in-law who's Jewish, just happens to own 666 5th Avenue. Beware you might b marked
If I were you, I'd err on the side of caution. You're standing up FOR the Antichrist, Jesus IS watching
Total bull shit; these jerk-offs want to be dictators like Maduro & raid government coffers
Excellent. 
Venezuelan people need help to take out that NARCO REGIME
#VPinFL Thank EEUU smart mens for help to back Venezuela  democracy and put out killer Maduro and delincuents bands
Thank you very much Mr. Vice President and President Trump for helping Venezuelans that we want freedom.
Thank you, we can't do this alone, 18 years have gone by and this dictatorial regime has condemned Venezuelans tu hunger, death and poverty
Thank you for your support. I really hope your government can do something about Venezuela. Please don't lie to us. We trust in you and Trum
#REsignSWINE You are creepy too!
Marco what are you going to do if Trump pardons Arpaio? Or are you going to overlook that since it isn't Cubans or Venezuelans?Do something!
Watch your back around Rubio! He can't be trusted!
@King_CarlosII looks like the VP left you out
I'm still gonna take a selfie with him for my Snapchat
Rubio is a RINO
You poor thing, Mr Pence. What dreadful company
Y va estar bueno e interesante; PENDIENTES!!
@JJRENDON there?
Why not go to Venezuela... they might have a different perspective than those living the high life in Fl...  ?
I believe in Senator Rubio's true intent to help. He cares as much as you do about the Venezuelan people. I hope you can help that nation.
Falta @JoseColinaP
WATCH THIS VIDEO http://youtu.be/UfB0lrP-D64   TO UNDERTAND WHAT HAPPEN IN #VENEZUELA & HOW YOU CAN HELP US
Welcome to FL VP Pence God be with you always! Bless you for being a wonderful example to our Nation
Cada día llegan mas terroristas HEZBOLLAH a Isla de Margarita y ustedes NO TOMAN medidas contra Maduro; serán responsables de ataques a USA
#vPinjail
@VP is...
ComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicit UGH
PLEASE HELP VZLA MY COUNTRY OF BIRTH and bring back Bolivars Democracy which he learned from the US founding Fathers @VP @POTUS @WhiteHouse
Please help these wonderful people!  This is a REAL story...real suffering! #socialismreality #prayingforVenezuela
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AWeLFwlE9I …
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …

RETWEET if You Think Pence Should be Impeached As Well!
http://ir.net/news/politics/126402/maxine-waters-mike-pence-preparing-presidential-inauguration/ …
How about responding to what @POTUS @realDonaldTrump had to say last night? Or are you going to act like the #PhoenixRally never took place
Be careful with the false opposition leaders. They have business with the regime. Ana Mercedes Díaz is the only one that represent us 

张爱玲曾说过：“国人对于戏台上的悲情极其敏感，动不动就感动得流泪，但对于自己身边真切的悲剧又往往充耳不闻漠不关心”。
时间已经流逝了几十年，张爱玲这话所描述的事实一…
Don't trust Marco Rubio he's a liar everything he got reelected on he went back on. congressman Charlie Crist & senator Rubio DON'T #MAGA
Florida's only doing good because of the governor it's because he's a business-minded economic Guru. even under Obama Florida has done good.
LOS VENEZOLANOS SE HAN  IDO MUCHO TALENTO PROFESIONALES QUE SE NECESITAN PARA LEVANTAR NUEVAMENTE  NUESTRO PAÍS SE QUE VOLVERAN

@ObservadBinario  Mire esto doc que opina? Saludos.
Dear VP tell President @POTUS Venezuelan people are waiting for "Actions" in respect to Vzla. We are tire of promises & people dying. Act!
IT'S ALREADY TIME FOR ACTIONS.TIME OF PROMISSES, MEETINGS AND AGREEMENTS HAS PASSED AWAY WANNA EAR GUNS AGAINST MARXISM IN VENEZUELA
Please tell these guys to start supporting Americans and their constituents. We are tired of them bashing our POTUS.
Thank you for your support to Venezuela. We need all your strong help to liberate Venezuela from those Narcs regime
Sin duda la crisis en Venezuela afecta a toda la region.
your man was allowing Arizona to chant die John McCain what scum
45* wants to be Maduro and you're helping him try.
jose colina no fue
Fue invitado peto a la final le dijeron q no
Moire nation building...

just what my wallet doesn't f*bleep*ing need!
Thanks a lot @VP @marcorubio @FLGovScott we are really appreciated for your support to our Venezuela.  
Trump is as crazy as Maduro. Only thing holding trump back is the constitution & congress. So concentrate on your own deck of cards now.
Thank @VP  venezuela need help need military accions

Get together to get your mess out of the WH .... republicans won this one big time
#25thAmendmentNow
Tell Rubio to stop slamming Trump on Twitter & stop with the cryptic Bible verses slamming Trump.
Rubio's paid for by Soros
https://twitter.com/kurteichenwald/status/900204726842773504 … Seriously???? #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment HONOR THE US CONSTITUTION  PLEASE.
Trump told america TV cameras were being shut off so country wouldn't hear what he had to say. I know this because I saw it on TV. 

Insane.
Do not come to our state unless you are going to speak about fixing the mess  and your pal 45 have created
Seriously what about the unrest in America?
America 1st and we can`t be the world`s police. Where did I hear that ???
How about the devastation here? Devastation caused by YOUR BOSS DJT.
That's a campaign poster. We don't want you for POTUS
Please....step up! We need you! 25th amendment!!!
Wasting time
Thank you !!
Shove it you shill.
Thank you for all your concern for the Venezuelan people. We need them to send military aid to overthrow the dictatorship
Gracias
GET THIS SICK PATHETIC LYING EMBARRASSING MAN OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE.....NOW!!!
Why is it you have to try to save other countries before trying to save this one?  Those countries can't vote for you.
Good time for a Hurricane.
Venezuela is in deep need of military intervention don't delay this much longer they are dying every day. The dictator must be remove
Thank you
Scott is evil, like you
@maddow our VP is on an oil expedition not there for the people. Check it out
#Page2IndianamostWantedParentEvaderRobertCrouchJr assisted to evade #INHolcombPenceCrouchPolitics to neglect son's#INChildSupport$27,555.28
Venezuela needs help, the dictator won't go away @dcabellor won't let that happen he is the real terrorist in  our country with Tarek
Stay out of Venezuela. You're on a oil campaign you don't care about the people.
Turkey and Philippines suffer more oppression
#PenceHolcombCrouchIndianaPolitics#Indiana neglected son's #InChildSupport but paid#SiblingTheirINChildSupport Robert Crouch#INParentEvader
God bless you Mike Pence.
I expect you to check their immigration status and deport those here illegally.
How about meeting with all constituent to hear from us about our concerns here.  Aren't u with trump in saying "America first!"?
When is enough enough?
James Clapper on @CNN:  "I worry about his access to nuclear codes."
#Venezuela n people Txs U&your gov 4 al support U R giving&willing 2 continue,2help us get rid of Ds Genocidal NarcoDictatorship killing us

"Community leaders in FL"  But not actual Floridians that have been trying to reach the Senator for months... Tick tock Trump is ur downfall
It would be great if you met with all of your constituents, #cowards.
Gov Scott Please do anything you can to help these people. I've grown close to several that have fled & they are such good & decent people.
Please help them. I've met 2 families here (Central FL) that fled but still have loved ones there. It's heartbreaking to hear their stories
Trump is unfit to be president you know it
Wait a second @marcorubio You do not do town halls.  You have refused to meet with Fl residents to address their concerns. This is BS sir.
Are you Venezuelan?
No.
Then Marco Rubio refuses to listen to you and wants you to shut up.
My opinion for USA citizen. Only solidarity between "WE THE PEOPLE" (all countries) can protect us from abuses of our governments.SOS thanks
My complaint is the fact that our Senator refuses to have a town hall with us over GOP policies, but is quick to the aid of other countries
Hi David,that's a shame,you have d'right to be exigent with your representatives.Idon't want to seem egoistic,but Venezuela is dying,he help
