Puerto Rico needs solar power. Floridians need solar power. 
You know Trump is unfit. Do something.
we have solar genius.
You have solar generators? Really?
Maria wasn't kind to solar either.
Thank you for the info. Many of us are deeply concerned for you and wish we could be of more help.
Thank you again. You are very kind.
Please email me. I would like to be updated on the progress in Puerto Rico. retiredteacher2014@hotmail.com
Thank you,
Nancy
Oh that is very kind. We don't email but I will send you lots of pics if you would like. We post daily of the progress everyday.
Did U this @marcorubio
Electricaldistribution
#PuertoRico
B4/After
#HurricaneMaria 
#PuertoRicoRelief
HELP NOW

https://mobile.twitter.com/epicsaster/status/919177335747772416 …
And Puerto Rico? What about Puerto Rico? They're Americans, Marco.
He tweeted for Puerto Rico the Sunday it happened. He was there next Monday. PR officials came back with him to D.C. He got administration help. He asked for military help and got it. His staff was in PR to help. What else do you want? Show me others to match his work! Nobody!
So that's it then? He has no more responsibility?
The greatest thing of all ! He is My Senator! His faith sustains him! You see what you get and his eyes are wide open! So Proud!! #TrustHim
Either you are blind or deaf, or blinded by unreal beliefs
What a joke @marcorubio is. SAD!
Tell that crap to Puerto Rico.....
Try concentrating on Florida that’s what your elected to do
When you are ready, i'll vote for your presidency.
May God save America
You are such a loser. No repeal, no wall, no tax reform. Not one single thing done. voted out of the presidential race. You’re PHONY
#HelpPuertoRico
People are dying and that thing in the White House throws paper towels.
#HelpPuertoRicoNowPlease
Citizens in Puerto Rico still need your help, Senator. Don’t celebrate just yet. For the love of God, please do something for them.
Mission accomplished 
Y los Puertorriqueños que? Que se jodan?
All these accomplishments and then you support Rino Flake?? Seriously? Another Rino? Bad move!
Please revisit Puerto Rico senator.  Some cities are getting NO help.   Vets are able to reach the people but food and water are not. HELP!
Chip?
Really?! Proud of hurricane relief,does the include PR? 80% including hospitals without power, many desperate for food and clean water.
The Republican congress needs to stand up and speak out for PR!
89% of Puerto Rico is without power and 47% have no water.

You guys have really knocked it out of the park, Lil'Marco.
Do you Really believe those are accomplishments?
You and your party sicken me.
Really? You're proud of the catastrophic failure that has masqueraded for hurricane relief to Puerto Rico? In fact, your list all failures.
You have got to be kidding! Wow...delusional
You really screwed the Cuban people in the Island.  They were making progress, earning money renting their property and taxis drivers.
@MiamiHerald @SunSentinel Rubio has voted 96% with Trump to undo all Obama's programs. He supports Trumpcare. He's a disaster for Florida!
Rubio has voted 96% with Trump to undo all Obama's programs. He supports Trumpcare. He's a disaster for Florida!
now get the job done on Tax Reform.  Without that, nothing else much matters.
Tu de verdad que eres un pedazo de mierda coño.  Peor que Fidel Por lo menos con Fidel se sabia que esperar de el.  Tan criminal como trump
No mention of your efforts to protect womens' health - wonder why not??
People dying in Puerto Rico, proud of that little marco, chump
No mention of allowing CHIPS funding to expire. Or clearing the way for Big Polluters to pollute w/o repercussions. Et al
Nonsense, you lapdog swamp dweller!
Senator Rubio, you are wrong on your tribal policy with Cuba. Stop desiring selfish revenge.
liar
What about CHIPS expiring?
Because you couldn’t be proud of the response of Puerto Rican local &   Government  ,
The response is Maria part 2
See you in the 2018 little Marco. You're going to have so much time for preaching, it'll feel like u don't have a job.
How about Healthcare, Tax Reform, Infrastructure and the Border Wall. That is GOOD work!
And the end of the CHIP program???  And failed healthcare..
Those are good things. Not good: using bible quotes to troll Trump on Twitter while doing nothing about him in real life.

Puerto Rico. CHIP???
We’re watching who your endorsing. Work for POTUS agenda not the flakes of the world 
Why are you letting Trump, Pence, Bannon, etc. destroy The Republican Party? Do something!
Stop accepting $ from NRA!  Protect ACA instead of trying to destroy it! Stop voting the party line!  Hold a town hall!
WWIII-"You didn't say that" exemplifies that you are not fit to be president or sit at the growup table. A spine is required.
Your relief for Puerto Rico is a failure! So are you! Your Constituents put u in, they will vote you out! Start working for us, not @POTUS !
Shame you still haven't mustered the marbles to hold a #TownHall.
UM... The Jones Act? This needs to be done TODAY.

What VA reform? You mean that Accountability bill? Problem- it's the VA Secretary abusing taxpayer dollars on a family European vacation.
Removing Women's Rights, your hands all up in their Vaginas.
And you've been a good little trump surrogate and tried repeatedly to take millions off health insurance! So proud!!
Please work to stop the EPA slashing the environmental regulations , and keep your elder constituents Medicaid intact! #33133voter
Que clase de porqueria! Ya te lo e dicho un aliado del Loco Trump no tiene mi voto. Que poca cosa eres little Marco, sad. @realDonaldTrump
Oh really - such arrogance from BS words from your mouth - all you have done is  'tweet' religious passages from Proverbs!
Now please don't allow Medicare vouchers or something else equally detrimental to seniors, Senator, & add that to accomplishments.
What about PR ?
Venezuela aún está completamente hundida en la más profunda miseria. De qué te enorgulleces en ese sentido?
Screwing Puerto Rico, no holding town halls, no separation of church & state, promoting nazis waste millions on screwing us outta healthcare
Exactly, so tired of biblical quotes on our secularly elected Senators twitter feed.
@hillhulse your party is tainted by POTUS
We like you Marco, but you and your fellow Senators have not accomplished anything! Do your job!
You're doing great @marcorubio. A lot of people appreciate your hard work, thank you.

Dear @SenBobCorker: Wish you hadn't supported @realDonaldTrump when he ran. But glad you now see the truth. Welcome to #TheResistance. https://twitter.com/CNN/status/917371025477787650 …
Ok, but what about the corrupt FBI, CIA, and remaining Obama subverters in the government? Show your passion for this country, address that.
You are still for amnesty though! So you got to go!
Time to go big, sir. Why not spend an evening reading to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump? http://www.donaldfuckhead.com . Help Donald do the deeds!
Tried to take healthcare away from millions while giving guns to the mentally disturbed. Did nothing, but complain about Cuba and Venz.
Ur proud 2B part of most impotent + useless Congress in American history?  U live one pathetic life.
What about Venezuela? The humanitarian crisis in Venezuela deepens by the day... people dying from starvation and lack basic medicine daily
Keep on keeping on Marco!  God Bless You!
We love you @marcorubio may god bless you
Support @kelliwardaz for US Senate to replace open borders flake of Arizona #MAGA & check out
... bowing to trump, smiling when he calls me little Marco, being complicit in treason, helping lead the country to WWIII, ignoring PR ...
If only you had stopped crazy POTUS
Puerto Rico has no power & little food and water, you heel.
Yet you won't have a townhall with your constituents. Did you pay for your own flight to arizona?
Hopefully you will embrace the President's policies - his "unorthodox" manner & policies are what gave him the Presidency.  The GOP estab failure to live up to their campaign promises is what caused Trump to win the primary.   GOP candidates were viewed as just more good old boys
You are just as delusional as POTUS
Great job Senator Rubio! We are with you from Texas!
What about healthcare for those of us screwed by Obamacare?
Proud of you as well, Sen. Rubio!!!
Youbhave yo get the know-nothing out of the WH, or all of you will lose your seats....DO IT
And Puerto Rico???
No mention of your vote to support selling arms to Saudis committing massive human rights violations and war crimes?
What about voting to confirm Rex Tillerson, despite previously tweeting this?
Being a "friend of Vladimir" is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState - MR
Doesn't matter what you say, obviously
Child cancer research on kids w no insurance.
GOD BLESS Yu Marco love and prayers
Stand up to Donald Trump, speak out about Donald Trump, ala Senator Bob Corker.  Then you can be proud of what you've done.
Pass tax reform 
#supportTrump
#MAGA
Work on affordable healthcare insurance and impeachment of President with no integrity. Find your moral ground and stand up for whats right!
Enough brownosing the orange. He did a horrible job in PR and you are still praising for that.  Grow up Marco.Be a leader not a follower...
Actually, you should be proud of Senator Corker, who said what you think about the horrid "president" but are too cowardly to say out loud.
Still waiting for REPEAL of Obamacare!
You're proud to have a "president" that called you "Little Marco" and trashes anyone in sight that disagrees with him?
Self praise. Where have I seen this before? Growing up to be just like tour daddy DT.
You're proud of yet another gun massacre, with you & your criminal GOP sitting on their asses doing nothing to pass gun control legislation?
This is hilarious, claiming "hurricane relief" as an accomplishment. That's your job. Hey, I get out of bed everyday, where are my trophies?
You're proud of the horrid Republican Party?
You're proud that our so-called president wants to start a nuclear war with Kim Jong Un?
You're proud that Trump is getting us out of the Paris climate accords? You realize that climate change will put your FL home under water.
You're proud of the GOP healthcare debacle and looking the other way while a madman is in the White House?
TRUMP SAYS NOTHING ABOUT THE FALLEN SOLDIERS THAT JUST LOST THEY LIFE IN AMBUSH
What planet are you on, lil marco??  Until you make a move to remove the  stain, you’re nothing but another worthless politician.
Thx @marcorubio need sanctions of diplomatic removal from the USA of Chavez daughter @Maby80 who hates America, but lives in the “imperio” with all the money stolen from #venezuela. Let her start getting a first hand look at the food lines & hospital travesty
But u can't say PR smh
#FakeChristian
Can you get the power back on in #PuertoRico and help the #DREAMers pls?
Filthy retweeting himself while people still dying in PR your a dirty politician. You havent done anything this year except tweet bible crap
Proud of helping?! That’s great! Do these accompaniments make up for your neglect of Puerto Rico? What happened to the Seven Acts of Mercy?
You have NOTHING to be proud of.  Speak out against this lunatic in the Oval Office before he gets us all killed. Nothing else will matter.
Feel free to flee...one horrible Senator for FL
Disappointed in response to PR response. Anything to do with Russia, NK or @realDonaldTrump. But, we kept ACA that we thank you for.
Marco: It’s time for you and your fellow Republicans to save the GOP from the bannon-trump alt-right take over. 1/
Trust me, you are on their list. MD
@GOP 
@Impeach_D_Trump
You do realize Puerto Rico is not going well and our President is dividing our country calling leaders w nuke's names  what work?
Hmmmm ... what work? Puerto Rico is still suffering - US Virgin Islands ...
Hurricane relief...right.
It's a ridiculous alternate reality you are in Marco.  You should resign.
You have no shame in that little body of yours? Proud of what? What have you done for FL or USA? 
awee....you get to pat yourself on the back.  
Most important- giving cover to a maniac posing as POTUS for political gain. Go Marco
Really? Lil. Marco
If you're so proud...why not hold a town hall? Let's chat.
Little Marco is taking credit for what? Coward, no moral compass!
D. None of the above. I can't figure out which one you actually accomplished.
You haven’t done anything!
Sucked up to Donald trump like a chump. Get out of here you scrublord.
What a joke!
I’m not proud that you represent our country. #liar
Bahhhhh
Where’sKate’s Law?  And the other 277 plus bills The House has passed!?  102 days Kate’s been held hostage by US Senate (29 Jun...)
Hard working #MarcoRubio is getting things done in DC, Florida & wherever help is needed! Well done SenatorRubio!  #HurricaneRelief! 
You and the other Republicans are beyond pathetic. You do not care about the American people at all. Only your wallet.
And Miami Beach is still sinking into the ocean. Any proverbs for that?
Healthcare reform, infrastructure, budget, daca, gun control...Oh wait...you haven't done those @Indivisible_TPA @IndivisibleFL12
Give blue water Navy veterans their earned agent orange benefits before they die
We are proud of you. However, cannot say the same of some of your GOP colleagues in the Senate.
Trump's Puerto Rico Katina!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sounding more and more like trump little marco
Once you put country over party & get rid of disastrous Trump administration, then we’ll talk. Until then, you’re failing. #ImpeachTrump
Hurricane response to Puerto Rico is a disaster. Brock Long has ignored the elected Mayor of San Juan. This is unacceptable.
This has got to be a parody account. Hurricane relief? AYFKM?
Betraying your constituents   Perfecting flunky act with traitor Trump. Enabling corrupt cabinet. Def a banner year #GetAMirror
By enabling this nightmare. As corker says we’re heading to WWIII. Are you thrilled to be reviving the coal industry? FL climate impacted
Marco, until you get off the @NRA payroll, whatever you say is pure hypocrisy! That would be the best thing you could do!
It sucks that you didn't to take away healthcare from the needy. We all know you were looking forward to giving them freedom from it.
You're a phony baloney Mister Marco Rubio!
https://twitter.com/CaraotaDigital/status/917521015231713280 … Venezuela narcoterroristas
...Thank you Senator Rubio, a'lot going on, with your leadership & others in the Senate, many Americans have hope for the future!
Un latino de oro
BUT YOU VOTED TO TAKE AWAY HEALTHCARE FROM A LOT OF PEOPLE IN FLORIDA AND AROUND THE COUNTRY

Tax cuts 4  rich that will cut needed social programs 4 children & poor. Real good work ur doing there little Marco. Keep mking Trump proud
You cannot even Stand up for a colleague, a Senator, so weak, no backbone
BS! Where is your action on meaningful #GunControl
Research that children will not be able to afford if ACA leaves.
Seniors and retirees have been forgotten for nearly 9 years.
Great. How about gun control legislation and getting rid of a deranged POTUS?
#ImpeachTrump
In the meantime the Puerto Rican people are dying and you are doing nothing for them.  You are bad for the Hispanic populations in America
Are you serious? Rubio has been in PR and has done a lot. Just look at his Twitter feed.
Trying to prevent millions of people from healthcare.  Doing nothing to minimize gun violence.  Cashing checks from the NRA.
CHIP needs immediate attention, Senator.
Stop the lies Marco. Little has been accomplished. Your republican leader is mentally unfit and is threatening world peace.
So rich kids can live. But poor ones, not so much. You failed to extend Children's Health Insurance Program. Does the Bible approve?
Huh puerto rico dude
PROUD? Of supporting a delusional, narcissistic bully as president? Shame on you! #ImpeachTrump
Oy vey.....don't break your arm patting yourself on the back.  Little Marco don't flatter yourself...you haven't done crap.
You are an enabler
Allowed mentally unstable to own guns...
What about Puerto Rico?  Why are they being forgotten?
The New Washington - where career Republicans talk about jumping ship and Mattis/Kelly/Tillerson takes turns babysitting an  nincompoop.
Interesting that though some projects cited here are worthwhile, so many conservative things are missing it's pathetic. Tax credit = prog.
How about his state of Florida? Obvious running for Prez. Quit so someone will actually represent us not himself.
with roll backs on EPA, we can expect a lot more cancer. thanks republicans. pollute away large corporations $$$$$
Now, remove Trump.
To the best of my ability to check facts, none of these has been accomplished and you have voted (when available) for all things heinous!
A bit early to be campaigning Marco. The odds are still pretty good you will be Former Senator from Florida Rubio. Dump Trump save yourself
I agree with your sentiment but he's not up again until 2022...maybe he could just quit!
I'm good with that. I get enough bible quotes every Sunday at Mass. Don't need it from him. He'll change his mind about running 10X by then
I quit going to mass, I got tired of kneeling!
I take my dad(94) and mom(93) every Sunday. Kneeling for an hour is rewarded with a great breakfast after and a week of no guilt from mother
Good for you! I hope you and they make it to a hundred and ninety-four! An hour of up and down is worth a good bkfst any day of the week!
The no Italian mom guilt for a week is even better than breakfast..lol
Your legacy and voting record is tied to45.  And he's nuts.  You own this.
History and your children will judge your continued support of a racist President.
Try ACA Repeal, Tax Reform and funding the border wall. Then you can pat yourself on the back.
You have done a lot of good work this year! Please keep pushing for help for Puerto Rico. They need your voice.
Maybe work harder on #impeachment
Really? Not one town hall. Haven't protected healthcare, women's rights and never show up.
Good job, thank you for not continuing the name calling.
Pretty short list. MUCH shorter than the list of things you should be ashamed of.
You took healthcare away from CHIP children in need are you proud of that? God is watching you.

As a constituent, you have been sadly lacking in appearance.   No town halls in orlando area; and nothing much else.
Child cancer research won't help the 9 million children whose insurance just expired when Congress failed to reauthorize CHIP
And, with no help from you, I still have #HealthCare coverage. Voters in FL will remember your votes to take it away.
Exactly, he is yo blame that rates are so high, he took the risk corridor out we were suppose to pay ins companies
