<Wrong. Purpose of Constitution is to empower it-- to exercise certain powers, those listed in Constitution.
Not true, Ma'am. Constitution enumerates the things the government may NOT control.
Are you SURE you understand what you're reading?? @AnnLillianBond @FedSoc @marcorubio
The one I'm reading actually sets up a government @AnnLillianBond @FedSoc @marcorubio
a government of checks and balances. Keep reading.
<You want to overturn '16 election results which means you want to subvert US Constitution @Plumazul @lancehankins @FedSoc #MAGA
Impeachment is IN the Constitution, right? @deedee_Eee @lancehankins @FedSoc
<Another one who wants to overturn '16 prez election results, deny right of voters to elect #Trump and #MAGA.@deedee_Eee @FedSoc
LOVE your handle! Haha " orange Julius " How accurate! (made me smile )
I have a disabled child, Betsy Devos has no plans to alot money to charter schools for the disabled. vote NO.
Senator Rubio, you cannot keep trying to play both sides of the fence. Your actions speak much louder then your tweets.
C'mon Marco, time to pick the "Right" right side! Cut this fool loose before he takes you down!
As an Army vet and teacher: I BEG YOU TO VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!! She is unqualified and will DAMAGE our schools!!
Marco.  I love my country. Never thought I would live to see a dictator in White House. I worry about grandkids future
Betsy Devos would not say she would hold charter schools accountable. They should be.
apparently it's also to bribe the people elected to uphold it.
yet you continue to allow Trump to steam roll unqualified individuals into the White House, He's against what you're for
then don't make rules that work in your favor, like Merrick Garland, and rule 19, and however else you see fit.
And to sell your votes to the rich. You took $100,000 from DeVos even though she was not qualified! Ur as bad as trump!
Does it include DeVos who invests in bogus companies designed to "fix" ADHD & Autism as an educator?
You weren't talking about OUR government were you, #RubberRubio, were you? #resist
Why did you not limit it? DeVos is a crazy choice!
Never forget that and listen to the people or they will vote you out of office again.
When is that going to start applying to the executive branch?  Where are the checks and balances in Congress????????????
hoping you will stand up to the President and for our Constitution
Wrong.
@JohnCornyn checks and balances are important. Please protect America from this tyrant. Country before party.
Wrong the purpose of the society is to DEFINE it. All of you read the Federalist Papers #geteducated
@DenbrotS can you provide a link to your references in the Fed Papers please? Thank you
http://www.let.rug.nl/usa/documents/1786-1800/the-federalist-papers/ … can also by it on Amazon in e-text
thanks! Will review for myself. Much appreciated!

Screw these clowns!
The Constitution is the beginning; and cannot be interpreted Liberally?
to your convenience?
No on Devos
So what's dipshit Rubio got to do with that?
I agree in theory, but when greed has defeated decency, I think we have no choice but to regulate.
why don't you all start telling Mitch it's time to retire? He loves to make up his own rules.
University of Florida hate Group http://heatst.com/uncategorized/university-of-central-florida-campus-progressives-start-leftist-fight-club-to-battle-gop/ …
#holdthefloor #noDevos
The people have spoken
Please listen to us
Please Sir, Vote NO
For Children & Our Future. 
you damn right. Reel him in
When will  the GOP to cross & get this Dictator out of Government? GOP Wait until @realDonaldTrump he pushes  the Button?
then why stick it's nose in lady parts regulation?

The Constitution, Madison, Hamilton expects the fragile civil society to emerge from dissent two sides shaping liberty,
lil marco
without the power of government who would protect us from people like Rubio & others that want to take away our rights
Want to try that again @marcorubio Liven' Large seems to be affecting your Memory.
What would Rubio know about the constitution? Just enough to get around it, like the rest of the GOP.
The purpose of the constitution is also meant to GUARANTEE unalienable rights as well. Just wanted 2 add that.
except when it comes to women's bodies or who people can marry. #hypocrisy #gop #impeachmentsoon #maga
THANK YOU!
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.cnsnews.com/blog/michael-morris/levin-trumps-refugee-executive-order-nobody-has-right-come-america-none&ved=0ahUKEwiFt_73hvnRAhVM9IMKHdCTA1MQFgg3MAY&usg=AFQjCNFEKwStfY9rbi1erwQFh-Z1V_0fFA&sig2=9TJ8klxnB3fZroctmWOlUw …
that only works if you limit it in DIRECT FAVOR of lower-to-middle income brackets, or only the rich see any benefits.
Rmber Atty Yates, Gov Inslee, Atty Ferguson & "so-called" Judge Robart fr protecting our Constitution fm unfit @POTUS
Stand up to Trump
vote NO DEVOS!!!!! #TheResistance
Amen!
Please explain that to President Trump who seems to think judges "take away decisions from the country."
@ReaganBattalion @marcorubio we really missed a great opportunity when we did not elect Rubio
@ReaganBattalion @marcorubio is right. I wish that I felt like he ever believed a word he says, but what he says here is correct.
You should read the Constitution theres a lot about HONOR and JUSTICE in it. You have dishonored America u are a traitor
PLEASE stop the Trump! Save America. Vote against Sessions or be denied a real investigation into Russian Hacking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jQT7_rVxAE …
.@FedSoc @marcorubio Maybe you need to speak out on your president who is attacking the Judiciary.
When you say "government" can you please specify?

Well you are 'ni pio ni mio'. Stand up to him. I thought you were educated and informed. Save our country from tyranny!
then STAND UP against this manic @POTUS  who wants to rewrite every law without respect to the Constitution.
how about you uphold it and condemn Trumps criticism of Judges just because the don't agree with him
failing @realDonaldTrump sure seems to think it empowers him to do whatever he wants.
And thank god, because Trumps power needs some limiting!
And get the hell out of women's business, then. Unless you think 'limit' was written into the Constitution ironically.
So We the People see where your loyalties lie and they definitely are not to We the People, but to MONEY!
$200 Million to the GOP and $9.5 Million to Trump's campaign.  This is ALL on public records!
Florida GOP? Oh she funded anyone running as republican in Florida? What about to the GOP all together?
And yet, you aren't opposing @POTUS in any way. Interesting application of your understanding of the Constitution.
How much money did your campaign take from Betsy DeVos? $5400.00 right? How much did she give to the
a senator and make sure that they meet the criteria, than why have you voted YES to every single one?
Than why have you voted YES to every Trump appointee? If you are supposed to Vet each of the appointees as
Why are you not abiding by the Constitution? You violate it by supporting a traitor. Check this out, Marco.
Wrong.
But make sure the government can tell a woman what to do with her raped body. #YouAreLiars  #WeWillNotYield
tell that to the fool in the White House
Well we sure need to limit wannabe dictator Trump's government.
I'm grateful we have attorneys general and federal circuit court judges to block him.
Like the all the executive orders, such as the ban?
@SenRubioPress @marcorubio That's why u have 2 vote NO on DeVos. FL teachers R watching u! Stand up 4 kids not greedy billionaires.
which would explain why you refuse to meet with the public who opposes your vote.... we will make sure you resign.
Vote no on Devos. Do the right thing here.  There needs to a Republican to stand up to Trump. Think of your legacy.
So why then did @marcorubio support vile DT?  I can't ever forget that.  NO INTEGRITY.
then impeach Trump!
Please practice what you preach.
preach Marco preach!!!!
I don't agree. I think the purpose of the Constitution is to empower the government to serve the people as best they can
Get off of your high horse, sir.  Your constituents are calling you in protest of this travesty of democracy.
when this ship goes down it will take you with it
how can you vote yes on DeVos? You are selling out the people
then why are you going along with the tyrant trying to ruin our public education system?
@SenRubioPress @marcorubio I sure hope you still feel that way when the times comes to stand up to #trump.
enjoyed the speech and meeting our new fl sup ct justice.
It certainly empowered you and your party when you ignored it to block Mr Garland's appointment to the Supreme Court.
Y'all better hold Trump's feet to the fire then. He will empower himself & government!
@Boyd_2650 @marcorubio
stand up and be a man and protect American people. Republicans majority now so you need to take this on
@SenRubioPress @marcorubio now that's rich. Your gall is only superseded by your obstructionism and lockstep thought
Stop Trump now,before it's 2late. Cubans & Russians came here 2escape dictatorships.Trump is forcing dictatorship in USA
Amen!
what a fly eats shit and spreads it where ever he lands
Do your part, limit 45th by not accepting his unconstitutional executive orders. Vote NO to confirm DeVos and Sessions
and impeach Trump!
Which in effect limits the power of the people? How convenient. The same government imposed #MuslimBan
.@FedSoc @PoliticalSense1 @marcorubio but the set-up was in and the 1% bought and destroyed the checks and balances ? GUNS & COAL BIG GAINS
#EliteTakeover 

Republicans are shutting down any ethics overview 
I wish we could limit your money grabbing. The only reason you want to serve is make $
Little Marco, you lost me when you rolled over for Tillerson....punked out BIG LEAGUE!
Impeach Trump!
What's your limit? $39,600 Amway (Devos), $84,00 Goldman Sachs (Dir of US Natl Econ Council,. Bought your votes? SAD
Is marco rubio still alive? @FedSoc @marcorubio
- Love it, you nailed it Marco. Let's get all the Dem's on board with this philosophy.
Not at the expense of those it was created to protect. "WE THE PEOPLE..." Tell Trump he's NOT empowered. I dare you.
Wait. What?
Deregulation now leads to greed-junk bond collapse and real estate bank collapse. Republican lead regimes both of them.
and Impwach Trump!
that's why you trying to tell women what to do with their bodies and everyone whom to marry... doesn't make sense
@CNN @NancyPelosi then why in the world would you go against the Constitution?
The purpose of the Constitution is to make certain you don't mess with it and follow the laws that are not make up.
So do it. Stop executive overreach.
true, so why haven't I heard you speak out about the president's unconstitutional ban?
We need video please.
marco you can tie me up anytime :)
@pessell_anna @marcorubio unless it comes to any social issues...where we suddenly want to regulate a women's right to choose...
not at all. Trump doesn't represent most real republicans. True republicans believe in small government.
constitution says nothing about that and thus it should be left to the states. If majority of those states feel the that way :/
bc majority
I'm just saying in states where they vote in people that feel that way
But without any power the gov. Can't stop the people from causing chaosWe need a balance
except when you get $98,300 from DeVos, screw it. Maybe Floridians can do gofundme to buy a NO vote. What's the price?
fight for US
Go TRUMP
Thank you Sen. Rubio.  A lot of people don't know this. They think that Hillary is the embodiment of the Constitution
Does it #enrich too? #ImpeachTrump #linkinbio...
Did you share this with your new Dictator
GOOD ONE!  

Q: What's the purpose of a Rubio? 
A:  ignore constitution and appease ME.

I like you more each day!
The purpose of the Constitution, (I'll have to say it) Stupid, is to make the government operate.
Marco, our constitution no longer has a purpose. It has been sold to the highest bidder.

Including restricting a POTUS from receiving payments, even indirectly, from a foreign gov't! #divestdonald @FedSoc @marcorubio #AltMajority
so now you've made it easier for seniors to get ripped off by banks and financial advisors. Well done you!

@SenRubioPress @marcorubio wow have you guys empowered it. Now WHITE HOUSE is sitting on Throne making it it by executive order!
Have you told Donald Trump? Will you tell Donald Trump? Will you tell Trump anytime soon?  Maybe before it's too late?
then imoeach Trump#
The Constitution explicitly says the Govt is "to regulate...establish...promote...provide...exercise."
So why is Cheeto signing orders
That's a strange comment coming from a group calling itself the "Federalist" Society. I'm a Jeffersonian man myself.
- Marco is limiting government by not showing up
Actions speak louder than words!
AMEN!
@SenRubioPress @marcorubio the purpose of the constitution is to protect the people not the lobbyists you work for.
well the Republicans are sure proving that wrong! You're sure empowering the congress and the president!
The Constitution needs people with "cojones " witch you have "NONE"  You just think about YOU !! SAD !!!
this is pretty gross.
<<== there were no mega international sovereign corporations during the time of the founders #Context
GOP only remembers the Constitution when there's a Democrat President and 4gets it when there's a GOP President
establish justice,insure domestic tranquility , provide for the common defense,promote general welfare, & secure liberty
preamble to the United States Constitution
Tell that to @leonpanetta again. Once again. "A...f laws."  Adams quoting poli-scientist: #govt. not #nation
Richard M. Nixon used "A nation of laws not men" too. Who was the first quick-change artist?
Please tell us how it as limited your pie in the sky aspiration to be President.
Immigration bans are EMPOWERING government with restrictions on freedom.

Yeah Government seems pretty limited these past two weeks. SMH. I remember when you were for small government
The constitution is the blueprint. It is designed to have a functional but limited government, accountable to the people
no but instead of following laws it appears last HIV was allowed to run over it. Not doing your job
Not as DT wants it, the Constitution governs the government to work for all the people. Yes for us someone tell him.
so if you believe that why are you party before country?
Senator Rubio is correct.
Why don't you start by leaving woman's health issues to them, let workers join Unions , let people marry who they love.
and Impeach Trump!
TrumpSaudisIsrael will turn Iran into IraqSyria &millions more refugees & killings no one can stop !!
was that the save the RINO conference? You're  my senator, and you're  such a dolt
is that what Florida's Solar Amendment 1 was all about? Limiting government? Give me a break.
dumbest statement ever.
Rubio said, while actively supporting the executive branch in a gross abuse of power.
Talks from both sides of his mouth.
really then how can the government tell woman what to do with there body's and say that alcohol is safer than marijuana
stay in Seattle hopefully you'll try and secede like California
I'm notin Seattle Rubio is my sentor here therefore I'm in Florida
you're as spineless as @SpeakerRyan
the Constitution empowers the ppl of this country, the political class work for us.
