sobre todo locuras que pueda afectar relaciones con los vecinos tiene que haber un contrapeso dentro de los republicanos
con ese muro están levantando el nacionalismo en México y con esas ofensas del señor Trump  hacia los mexicanos
Y se la van a ver negras porque lamentablemente sólo California y Florida producen
sobre las travesuras del señor Donald Trump yo siempre me he cado más con los republicanos
Donald Trump no tiene ninguna experiencia política es un comerciante un empresario
pero si los republicanos cabales y con la cabeza bien puesta no pueden seguir apoyando las locuras de Donald Trump
claro si a Donald Trump no se le ocurre poner a la hija como candidata
usted tiene alta probabilidad de ser el próximo presidente si termina de madurar políticamente y si todos los cubanos lo apoya
Thugs? Really? A senator should be more aware of the power of words and implicit bias.
Y así como usted le dije que me parecía muy joven para ser presidente ahora le digo que en las próximas elecciones
@AliAmtiger this blood is on YOUR hands
find those D.C. GIRLS
en el gobierno de Clinton me impresionó demasiado y le agarre un poquito de idea a los demócratas
soy venezolana y sin saber mucho de política americana siempre tenido inclinación hacia los republicanos
se ponen fea para la foto y los que vienen hacer la película se le acabó el rollo
Y no sólo Estados Unidos los americanos van a comer camelote
as if you really cared
A mi me conmocionó mucho en el año 2000 la entrega del niño al cero en esa forma tan brutal
la entrega del niño balsero Elían  González
make Miami great again
Thank GOD for Trump
@Lioness52205885 Law Enforcement Corruption has to be Stopped in order For officers to stop dying
Y usted pudiera llevar la batuta
por eso senador usted como el más joven de los republicanos tiene que levantar la voz y la batuta sobre las travesuras
creo que hay más republicanos con la cabeza arriba del cuello que le pueden dar un parado a estas locuras de Donald Trump
El clima me refiero
si en México en las próximas elecciones se levanta un comunista o un izquierdoso Estados Unidos se la va a ver chiquita
How about the firefighter cancer rate in the state of Floriduh! What r u doing to help this problem. 32% of Firefighters have cancer.
vuelvo y lo apoyo en lo que esté dice si en México agarra un comunista de mierda la cosa se pone fea para los americanos
claro en otras partes también producen pero que produzcan todo el año sólo California y la Florida
Los productos mexicanos es una aberración y hoy lo escuché de usted y le doy toda la razón de sus argumentos
tienen que comportarse como hermanos trillizos esas marisquera de estar levantando el muro y de imponer un alto impuesto a los
senador marco rubio dígale al señor Donald Trump que con México con Canadá y Estados Unidos tienen que ser como hermanos trilliz
Will pray for them and their families Senator Rubio.
So are you ready to work on Gun control yet or just pretend to be religious? No gun safety laws lead to deaths. 10,000 a year...
Why should the public do the jobs of officers whose salaries are paid with their tax dollars?
hopefully illegals aren't the ones with the tip, you know as they may be scared to come forward for fear of detainment.
that said, hopefully the officers do have a speedy recovery
Watch it, we all know "thugs" is racist dogwhistle
and how about more Federal funds to increase police staffing.

Thoughts of the men and women that put their lives on the line to protect this country.
something we agree on Marco
 needs solutions
Call #JaredKushner I heard he's the new S.W.A.T. guy for America!!!
So that is what you were doing last night.
Guess Thump & his cronies are on the loose!
Why do you get to call them "thugs"?
I'm so sorry Senator our prayers for families and all in blue 
Dear Senator, it grieves me that even with a tweet like this, the lunatic fringe still raise their voice. Not the place!
yes
maybe the "thugs" were just "standing their ground".
Enough.
Praying.
All our prayers to the families 
And we need a representative that actually represents us.
I agree for once!
it's starting to look like Mexico and that's no good.
Nunes MUST STEP DOWN!!!!
My God when will this end. Please Lord stand by his family, give them ur love and strength to make it though this tragic time
Our country's being attacked from within & you won't stand up. Typical GOP: party over country
#TRUMPRUSSIA
#TRUMPRUSSIA
I hope that justice is served! Intolerance and bigotry aren't welcome in the United States!
This is due to Obama's assault on police and siding with anarchists. That is why Trump was elected. Senate did nothing.
you, my lady are crazy
would you prefer street justice? No due process just a click?
@SenRubioPress 

We'd be better off getting you lying hypocrites out of office.
Agreed.  What we also need is an independent investigation into the current administration's ties to Russia.  #Trumprussia
Never heard asking for investigations regarding Russia and the leftists,from Obama administration. Russia,Iranetc
Sorry to hear about this.
yes stand up for our officers
praying for their friends and family
cowards!
Finally something we can agree on! I'm retired from MDPD. But Sen, what are you doing about this
Definitely in my thoughts and prayers for families and PD
@MiamiDadePD prayers
Death penalty .
Senator, send it out again. U didn't separate the word 'from' from the Twitter account name: MiamiDadePD
With this information, this is what concerns you?
I just thought he'd want to know. Don't worry; I've been tweeting what happened in Miami.
need help to prosecute the thugs who boiled a man to death in a Miami dade prison.
Clowns to the left, jokers to the right.
