Please do Mr Rubio, we must make sure we aren't accidentally funding that socialist communism control down there!  Power to the ppl of Venez
Venzla es d todos venezolanos y no de 4pelagatos narcotraficantes q se a robado todos @NicolasMaduro @dcabellor @TareckPSUV
como respuesta a las palabras de Nikki Haley en ONU,.ministro defensa Padrino conminó a la GNB: "Ni una atrocidad más". Burla macabra.
Thanks Senator, on behalf of decent Venezuelans. @marcorubio
La Venezuela democratica y decente necesita la ayuda de EEUU para salir de la tiranía castrocomunista, maduro y sus matones narcoterrorista
Only regime I know is Arabic Saudis. Hey Rubio on front El Salvador leave us alone not your business
MARCO WE NEED ALL THE FIRM SUPPORT YOU ALL IN USA CAN GIVE TO VENEZUELAN PEOPLE SINCE THIS GOV. IS KILLING US WITH ITS ABUSE OF POWER.
excelente hagan todos los posibles ya q @NicolasMaduro y su combos son unos delicuentes criminales @TareckPSUV @NestorReverol
There's always a greedy scumbag willing to finance another scumbag for the right "cut". Who would finance a country that has totally failed?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  @ADMKurtWTidd  venezuelan need us military actions for save the  country maduro is kiling inocent youngs!
Ayudennnnn por Dios! Nos estan matando
esta imagen es también de hoy, arrastran sin piedad  a un joven en Caracas
se llamaba Neomar Lander, 17 años. al parecer asesinado por mortero. Se imagina qué sentirán sus padres? HOy en Caracas

U working for Venezuela now?  Remember, it's Florida that votes for your position, not Venezuela. Focus Rubio
El petróleo venezolano es muy estratégico para U.S.A. Si Rusia toma parte de Venezuela, le saldrá muy caro a U.S.A.
Rusia tiene su petróleo. No le interesa el de Venzuela q es de menos calidad.
... importantísima tanto para Rusia, como para USA. (Política, economica y militarmente).Crees que si Rusia toma Venezuela, no afecta a USA?
Ayudanos a los Venezolanos a salir de la dictadura nos quedan pocos dias para salvar la democracia ellos van hacer la constituyente
Help them Mr Rubio ...you of all people can ...
Mr. Senator, he is very sly and desperate at this moment. You have to be on your Ps and Qs.
No, no queremos compartir el poder con estos criminales, aunque eso le pida la MUD. Los queremos fuera de Venezuela, de nuestras vidas.
So you're watching? The article says GS already bought bonds. What are you DOING about it?
How many hedge funds fund your campaigns?
Funds go to buy letal arms to kill our people, yesterday was killed a 17 years old young, Venezuela needs help
How can you shamelessly dine with Trump tonight and still expect be perceived as ethical and objective at the Comey hearing tomorrow?
Poor little unethical @marcorubio - the face he made on #ComeyDay as McCain was trippin'/strokin' whatever that was we saw.
how about you McCain, Graham do your job and let the president do his Just a Thought
necesitamos liberar a nuestros países de esta plaga roja. negociar con ellos  el poder es inmoral
el régimen de raúl castro, apoyado por putin, debe desaparecer de una vez por todas
GOLDMAN SACHS JUST BACKED BILLIONS OF BONDS???? HELLO!
Funny you don't seem bothered by the $ they gave to Trump's inauguration.
Empiecen investigando a los corruptos y testaferros con propiedades en Miami, Brickell, Doral, entre otros!
You mean like Goldman Sachs has?
Thank you Senator.  We need to do everything to get the criminal regime out of Venezuela. Keep watching! They support Syria.#SosVenezuela
@Canada @AlvaroUribeVel @ppkamigo @hrw the world is watching... hopefully no one help Maduro
Don't disagree but you give little attention to your constituents. #AHCA is horrible for #FLA. Tell us your position. #agetax #ehb #medicaid
You need to recuse yourself from investigations into #TRUMPRUSSIA.  You just went to private dinner with the Treason perpetrator.
@marcorubio you are a hero to many people don't let other people discourage you!

We will be watching the truth prevail on Thursday despite your discredit Comey dinner planning meeting tonight w Trump . #RubioIsComplicit
Thanks! We need to stop financing the dictatorship!
Will be watching to see how compromised you are after dinner w/ the person being investigated. Do you not consider ethics or optics at all?
Trump asked Coats to intervene with Comey on the Russia investigation. It just keeps on coming:
I'll be watching when comey testifies
You are worry about maduro but having dinner that wants to be like maduro
Is kind of strange you are having dinner with trump days before comey investigation. Thats why i would not take your questions seriously
You were tampered
I would distance myself from traitor trump & co. It will only create a short career for you. You certainly couldn't run for Pres. again.
Watch away Rubio. You do nothing w/your vote. A Bought n Paid For political hack aiding Russia in  shredding our democracy. Rubio=Traitor
The #treasonweasel is going down. Shall we assume you want to go with? Get your head out of his ass, Little Marco. See you at the FL poll.
We're watching you Rubio to see how deep you are in with the traitorous activity of Trump and his cronies. There are rumors about you!!
You keep worrying about Venezuela. They didn't elect you. We will be watching your performance on Thursday. Pivotal moment for you.
Gonna look into the funds 45 stole from the poor kids at @stjudes
Will be watching to see if you have the best interests of the nation in mind tomorrow.
Av u spoken to the killings going on in America by the police???????????
How about Russia??? I hope you put country before party!  #ComeyTestimony
We will be watching you at the hearing with Comey testifying after you have your cozy dinner tonight with the @POTUS.
#Americas have lots at stake to supporting H#Rights in #Venezuela against #NarcoGov Not only drugs, but oil$ influences & enemies taking it
Why was #GoldmanSachs allowed to buy bonds in Venezuela?  That should have been blocked for many reasons.
I wish you put as much energy into saving our country.  #youtooarecomplicit

Said the #RussianTraitor bought for $1million & proud to be #PutinsPuppet. Another #RussianRepublican ing FL and the over. #LockHimUpToo
#BanIslam. No refugees . No ilegals. America first. If you want to get reelected. It's simple America first. Ban Islam
Florida will be watching to see if you grow a pair of balls and represent your constituency. You are not a autonomous being.
Who's funding the @GOP criminal Enterprise?
Marco is it all about Venezuela, Puerto Rico and religion. Was a fan your imploding. Take a vacation and a pill.
I'll be watching you on Thursday at Comey hearing. Is it true you're dining with Trump tonite at WH? Not good optics, little Marco. Nope.
Yeah I'll be watching to. Will you finally put country over Party or pledge loyalty to the man who insulted you and stole the election.
And we will be watching you after your dinner with the president tonight to make sure you put country before party in congressional hearings
And we'll be watching to see if your questioning of Comey tomorrow is influenced by dinner with the president tonight.  #nocorruption!
You should be ashamed of yourself.  You are a traitor to America.
Would be funny, but it's quite scary really 
trump: Can I count on your loyalty?
Rubio: YES!
Cotton: Yes sir!
trump: Kiss my hand.…
We will be watching to see if you Recuse yourself after consulting with the subject of Thursday's hearing
Enjoy dinner w/ @realDonaldTrump before u hear Comey's testimony. Get a good deal out of the imbecile, assuming u still have a soul to sell.
You represent Florida. You're privately dining with @POTUS tonight to get instructions for your questions for Comey. Violation of your Oath.
Exactly.  And don't think we won't remember you did this when you're up for re-election...you're apparently a puppet too.
Let us guess, your questions to Comey won't be er, tainted in any way due to your dinner with Trump, now will they? Hmm...
Dinner with Trump tonight!? I guess a good "strategy" meeting is needed before Thursday's hearing. Make sure everyone is on the same page..
Under what theory of oversight do you have dinner w/ the subject of the hearing the night before? Planning on obstructing the truth already?
Marco- don't go on your play date w/ Trump tonight. Not appropriate.
Conflict of interest. You don't have dinner and chat with someone you are investigating for wrong doing.
Why are you going to WH dinner two days before you're to question Comey on the senate floor?
I hear you're having dinner with a traitor tonight Marco? Keep in mind the penalties courts have available for treasonous activity. Enjoy!
We will b watching 2 see if ur dinner w/ @POTUS influence ur questions #ComeyHearing #ComeyIsAPatriot

Trump has dinner with Marco Rubio and Tom Cotton at the White House tonight. Both senators will question James Comey on Thursday.
Little Marco. What are your dinner plans for this evening? One scoop or two?

What's up with this? conspiring with the target before the prosecution?
Trump has dinner with Marco Rubio and Tom Cotton at the White House tonight. Both senators will question James Comey on Thursday.
It is reported that you are having dinner at the WH tonight, 48 hrs before you question Comey. Why even bother to pretend to be impartial?
Marco you having dinner with Tom Cotton and @realDonaldTrump,looks fishy, not fair.
Will be watching you question Comey on Thursday after your dinner at White House tonight. Doesn't look good, buddy.
Hey, Marco! Is it true you're having dinner with Trump tonight? Right before you question Comey on Thursday?
Dinner with Trump? Getting your questions for Comey?
The way Marco acts, I think he is involved in this corruption-GOP knew and encouraged Russian involvement
Thank you..
Dinner With Trump tonight? Looking for more Russian Money #trumpleaks
We are watching you. Dinner with the unhinged con artist Trump?  Who are you? Do you stand with America & our safety? Every minute = danger
I think dinner will look something like this...
Cuando los reales no son tuyos esto es lo qué pasa. Q' desastre.
Unfortunately these hedge funds go to the RepubliKlan Taliban. To get idiots like you into office to do nothing.
PERFECT
I got $100.
Imagine if you committed to FL & the US as you have committed to outside interests.  You could almost  be a Senator.
As if a democratic and prosperous Venezuela were not in the interest of the American people... Venezuela is a neighboring country.
He is welcome 2 go represent them then.  When he allows the US govt to decline while he lines his pockets i'd welcome his absence.
@GOP @TheDemocrats #Venezuela is a #neighbor. We need a new #PanAmerican #ForeignPolicy for 21st century.
Esto es crueldad ayer,robaron,y dispararon al pueblo q protestaban esto crimen d leso humanidad  q esperan masacre Vzlanos
We'll be watching to see if your dinner w @realDonaldTrump has any impact on the Comey testimony Thursday
Love it. YOU think YOU'RE holding people accountable. Lol. So ironic coming from you. Let's check your funding.
Of course they will be..~! Socialist have infiltrated the banking system..That was one of @BarackObama goals
No mercy on any issues related to Goldman Sachs after their betrayal to freedom
ISIS may prey upon their national instability to form a major foothold there. Another country they can easily dominate. Rich resources.
it is time for action, perhaps our marines can visit him
what about Goldman Sachs ???  Investing in Venezuela bail- out Little Marco?  Focus
Are you watching the voucher scam here in FL? Oh no, you're not. You're participating in it!!
How about focusing on the treason in USA #kushnermustgo #impeach45
No comment on NSA #leaker? But yet u comment on hannity investigating Seth rich?
I am currently too embarrassed by #45 right now.
It not coming From the US, it will bank rolled by Russia-Trump alliance.
Thanks @marcorubio for supporting our Vzlan people. We really appreciate what you are doing for us. God bless you!...
Now He need arrest DEA.comeback to Criminal Court Narcotrafic DDHH .lesa Humanitarian.
You back Venezuela and won't back a republican president? Everyday it's "Venezuela" "Cuba" with you. Do something Senator!
Please Maduro need arrest because law violations 
DDHH. Peoples. International  Narcotrafic. DEA.transportation for Criminal  Court thank
.
Trump & Rubio :

Why do you give Money to FARC-Santos ??

Kidnappers Killers of Many Americans
Americans : Love Yourselves
NOT NarcoTerror
Thank
Thanks, Marco, for holding people accountable.
We can buy Venezuela for pennies on the dollar, have everyone in government  evicted.
and who's pockets do you have your hands in?
TODAY IS D DAY AND NOT ONE WORD FROM YOU OR THE PRESIDENT  ABOUT IT - SHAME ON YOU BOTH
Too bad you're not as interested in the $ trail of your own country #trumprussia
Antes, es moralmente indispensable SANCIONES a las 4 Rectoras del CNE principales culpables de todo lo q está pasando en vzla al VIOLAR CBRV
Thank you Marco you are one of the few that are trying to help. These people are starving and hurting because of a corrupt Oppressor.
Who is funding Marco Rubio?
Please take @CITGO out of here and also disolve @OEA_oficial or pull out USA cannot allow corrupted organizations to grow here
Like @GoldmanSachs did?Whoever helps a terrorist regime is an accomplice... @GoldmanSachs helping Venezuelandrug lord & terrorists. Jail!
How about Russian investments in the US? Have you been watching how those seem to connect to Trump?
Truly sad how Venezuela used to be vibrant & productive prior to the Socialistas taking control and destroying the country
What about Russia giving you 1 million dollars?
Thank you so much for all you have done for our people. May God bless you in every single step of your great existence.
Sick. Of. This. Shit. From. You. Where did u put ur $1mil Russian bribe?  Not in hedge fund? U r traitor working 4 RU, not constituents.
If that so: US gov should Stop buying oil to Venezuelas regime and stop giving visas to political exposed people.
Are u watching the $270k paid by Saudi Arabia to Trump DC Hotel?
We will be watching to see if you do your job!!!
Alright already, focus on policy instead of scripture a day and Venezuela. Will you support bans on Cuba, afraid of sugar lobby?
expats from Venezuela believe Trumps style reminds them a lot of how Maduro got rolling. Please help stop our demise.
Goldman Sachs count?
if there is money to be made, there will be.
Venezuela necesita más presión de EUA la Policía asesina y roba ingerencia cubana en sus filas . el pueblo tiene hambre y mueren niños
Socialist will fund Venezuela, the fall doesn't help their narrative
How abt u watch if the govt officials line their own pockets at the expense of the citizens
#Russia
This ought to be interesting
Hedge funds, like the rest of us, know we will never lose money betting on you being a coward.
What about the Russian money into the tRump family and how that is poisoning our democracy? You .@GOP can really find ways to obfuscate.
He just nationalized the GM Plant in April,sadly it is a financial black hole.Publish the names of any Hedge funds that invest now please.
Why don't you focus on getting rid of the embarrassment we have as a president? Or at least call him on his bullshit.  Why don't u do that?
Senator, maybe we should be watching closer to home as well? Like who receives $$$$$ from Russian or Ukrainian businesses?
@JoseAGuerra @nelsonbocaranda deben ver esto
Marco Rubio Got $1 Million in 2016 for his Super PAC-From Pro-Putin Ukrainian-Uncovered by @Funder #TrumpRussia
How about people have funded you?
Why r u always talking bible quotes and Venezuela but when it comes to the USA you are, it could be or not, we will see, & other total crap
Eating Dogs and Cats.....#EYES WIDE OPEN...SAD
We'll be watching who's taking funding from Soros, and the DNC.
How about watching the Russian support for the White House? #venezuelafirst
You should really be watching stuff closer to home. And if foreign gifts are funding Trump family through their businesses
Like Hillary's business dealings with foreign countries?
AGREED 32751 here! Where is your compassion for the American people led by this corrupt regime?!?
#goprussia
After you find out if Russian money hacked OUR election..  then you can retire
Watching and talking..... Are you willing to take any action?
@realDonaldTrump accepted 500K from him for his campaign fund? Pro 22:2 The rich and poor meet together: the LORD is the maker of them all.
For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.
Morning Marco.  I've posted your scriptures for the day.  Can you please remind your boss of these.  The second one is Mic 6:12
So you can give them a tax break?  So you can hit them up for campaign donations?  For what?  For what?
Thank You, I know you will be keeping a close watch on this!!
TY for all your are doing to bring attention to this crisis in #Venezuela
Watch to see 45* ties to air traffic control business if privatized. Wanna bet?
We are WATCHING the Russian's Funding Your Silence. #trumpleaks #trumprussia
You should be watching our own White House.
Emoluments, ethics, foreign influence etc.. We can't take the moral high ground with other if we don't do it ourselves.
he is having dinner with Trump this evening
