meet with your constituents scary
THE big issue is TRUMPcare. Passage will hurt Medicaid care of elderly. Come out publicly against!
Are you really going to stand by and do nothing. People won't forget it! Voters won't forget it!
Better to work on education and job training for non-military occupations and enterprise.  Why persist with war economy waste and corruption
rubio you gonna primary trump in 20 or what?  To me u like just his lackey or boy.  Are you still little marco or are u a man?
irrelevant human putkin/trump ass kisser =m rubio
Hey Marquita grow a pair do your job and attend town halls or resign!
silent on Steve King? My disappointment in u grows daily.
wow. It's a good thing that they're maring of that.
While you've been senator, three south Florida counties (incl. Miami-Dade where you live) are sanctuary COUNTIES. Go after them!
I am one of your constituents and I am asking you to please support an independent investigation into #Trumprussia
Sure. WTF, Marco? You destroyed our healthcare. Universal care is provided by every other first world country. We pay for it!
NAME ONE THING HE'S DONE.
Can you see Cuba from the back porch?
Huh???
Надеюсь, вы смогли посмотреть специальный выпуск CNN на Путина. Я действительно думаю, что вам нужно исследовать связи Трампа 
What is BRAC, please? And how can it hurt NW Florida?  This is an issue that is new to me.
Rubio says "I believe in national security. Even though I voted for Trump,Putin,and Trump's corrupted cabinet members"

LIL MARCO  HEARD SNOOPS COMIN 4 U NEXT
@Lioness52205885 Please Steer Technology Anti Child porn. Already Checked It can Be done
Do you know how to spell make?
I remember Clinton and the BRAC of the 90s What a Shame!!! 100 bases Wiped out and he tries to place blame somewhere else :-(

@CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Rubio, Constituents waiting for Town Halls,same ppl elected you, gave you a job.Shameful!
would you leave your daughter alone with this man?
Why would you let him be president?
so right !  Florida is the new gate to the USA  .  Given water and the Trump wall in tact . Guantanamo as well . CARRY ON !
We neee an investigation into #russiagate 
perhaps we should keep those forces here then instead of interfering in the affairs of others who DON'T WANT OUR HELP. #EMPIRE
Work on providing non-military business opportunities to the area.
Would it be too much to ask for you to hold a town hall? The people who elected you could sure use someone to talk to. TY
Senator Rubio, please watch out for we military families. Keep investigating the link between the Executive office and Russia.
Let's Spend Our Tax Dollars On Butter Not Guns 1000 Bases In A 120 Diffrent Countries .. Just Might Be To Much Captain Over Kill
get that pork!!!! 
@sumarie711 Thanks for your insights on this economic situation.
Vote to abolish taxpayer funded Congressional health care and taxpayer funded Congressional pensions.  Live like us.
Quit hiding behind the flag & ask for a special prosecutor. We're watching and we vote.
Oddly, @GOP in favor of HIGH taxes as long as THEY benefit - otherwise, tax cuts are the aces. Hypocritical, no??
@SenRubioPress ACTION NOW! Full investigation into #Trump's ties with Russia, his tax returns, business conflicts of interest!
@SenRubioPress Thank you!
DO YOUR JOB. Do what is right for America-- not what is right for your pockets!!
If Florida want better they should start by getting rid of you Rubio.  You are a mere rhino out to build that nest egg.
how serious are you about national security?
oh there you are.  YOUR People want to speak to you IN person. Town halls at all offices NOW #stayawayfromACA #townhall?
@jaketapper @andersoncooper @donlemon GOP are planning to cut everything. Are they going to cut their salaries and benefits too?
When are you going to hold a town hall meeting in north palm beach county?  Or anywhere for that matter?
If you truly cared ab nat sec you'd be a stronger voice looking into Ts Russian ties. Why is State so quiet? Do your job!!!!
I hear you accepted $900k from DeVos family for you & superpacs that supported you. Your office won't confirm. Is it true?
@davemurzin what's the plan?
perhaps working with other NATO countries to prove how much Putin has been influencing a Nationalist agenda?
emoluments. Impeach. Be the voice. It's your only way.
I have seen what this can do to an area, it could be devistating,

do you support trump in wanting to cut coast guard and TSA funding to build the WALL? That is NOT safe for our country!FIRST!
also fight @realDonaldTrump on NOAA budget cuts. I live 2 blocks from the beach and am concerned NOAA can't monitor sea levels.
oh yeah I forgot ur his puppet who will sell out ur own state. #chickenshit #sellout #littlemarco
Good morning Senator Rubio, have a great day! Thank you for your hard work and leadership.
Silence is complicity. Doing nothing to stop Russian operatives,foreign agents etc makes you the problem. Be the solution.
do your job. #Trumprussia
weren't you st the 125th in northeast Florida - guess that area doesn't play a role in national security
What about NE Florida?
Now that's the work of a Senator.  Protecting what's good for his state at all costs.
If you really cared about Florida you would grow a spine and start working for the environment and the working poor in FL
see? The real Americans care about their country even if it goes against their own interests. Why don't you? Why?
what time is it there? Did u set ur clocks forward?
Do you promise to work equally hard to investigate 45/Russia? Will you do your job & hold a town hall?
#marcoTOWNhallNOW
Perfect, Marco. 
BTW, who are defending us from. 
Cuba?

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #NotMyPOTUS
Yep, more prime real estate being sold off for politcal kickbacks.  What will our military have left for national defenss?
thank you for your BRAC work; there is also work to be done investigating Russians in the WH; also  FAIR healthcare for all TY
This region is also critical to the Republican party.  Take care of us and we'll take care of you.
real fiscal conservative here. Cut money from everywhere except where I live...
your staff is the worst.
