If @marcorubio does Not support @POTUS , i will Not rest until he is unseated from @SenateGOP
Remember Rubio joined Schumer in the Gang of 8 Bill- Amnesty. Many forgot during the Primaries. I'll never trust him again.
He never chg. his view, unless someone has film. I have not. Still a Ryan no fence let them in.
Hope all you GangOfEight Robots get your 2013 firmware updated before 2024.  #Rubio is going to be our best shot, no candidate is perfect
2024? I live in FL. Voted for Rubio twice. Knew about him b4 you knew his name. I'm watching to see if he screws us again.He joined SCHUMER!
The next time you find a perfect candidate will be the first time you find a perfect candidate.  He made a mistake, move on
Johnny & Lindsay's love child, Little Marco 
Did you watch 12 hrs of the Iran deal I did!! I thought Rubio was with feinstein- Sheehan - Boxer he didnt raise any concerns! Hrs & hrs zip
They Want Sanctions On Iran So Exxon Can Get Russian Oil To Market And Stabilize Russia
Love Rubio
Sooo... How can we work together to get Rachel Madhouse fired for msnbc...
She's not a serial sexual harasser so...
Couldn't stand Rubio campaign and should have jumped on Trump train sooner.  Sharp cat. Rubio bull up and work for POTUS cause ur right.
Can't have Dictatorship in our backyard. Creates gateway for Russia,Iran and way of life alike. No American should allow this.
Disappointed in Trump....he should be tough on IRAN, undo the "deal".
Yes he does.. Shepardson did a good job also
Can't be Shepard Smith. He hates all things conservative.  Wish FOX would dump him. #dumpshep
Thanks a lot Obama for giving Iran all that money!  You screwed up everything and did nothing for 8 yrs.! You have no legacy!
Oh lil Marco...Graham and McCain's lil lapdog...
#lilmarco
Marco do not work for the USA, he works for Sheldon.
Does Sen. Rubio still believe that earth is  10,000 years old?

Asesinan a joven venezolana en protesta opositora en San Cristóbal http://bit.ly/2oMfKdO  
Rubio is an empty suit.
liberal math...oreilly made trump, trump won, oreilly goes down, therefore trump is going down. False premis
Great job, Senator!
@POTUS Trump thought he was attacking Iraq before a reporter corrected him and said Syria. Map reading fail.

Bully O'Lie-Ly is officially in the No Job Zone. Fitting that he was canned during Sexual Assault Awareness Month 
Go away lil Marco.
Little Rubio, have you had a town hall meeting lately, coward
Marco you've got your panties in a wad over foreign issues, while the rest of are losing sleep over health care taxes immigration
Rubio and all of Congress need to start getting some things done.  Its obvious he has done nothing
Why would anyone watch little Marco. Couldn't even stand up to Trump, then endorsed him. Wimp!
Great interview
Gracias senator Marcos
Sorry, can't handle @BretBaier OBVIOUS he's a nice person. Not a great interviewer though. Snooze fest. Soo boring! Will MISS #BillOReilly
I ADMIRE YOUR INTELLIGENCE OF VENEZUELA...AND ALL YOUR WORK...YOU ARE GOOD FOR TRUMPS ADMS., MUCHLESS FOR WE THE PEOPLE! THANK YOU.  
Reporting on Venezuela @marcorubio @SpecialReport Brett Baier
I think we should BOMB their facilities and DARE SOMBODY to do something about it.
Great interview Brett !!Rubio too smart for the room as they use to say !future president
Excellent and informative interview.

#BoycottFox
YOU WILL RERET GETTING RID OF BILL O'REILLY ON FALSE ALLEGATION OF A BITCH WHO HAS NO PROOF NO EVIDENCE & HAS NEVER BEEN IN THE SAME ROOM
Colossal blunder by Murdochs in not giving slot to BretB.Carlson:no personality,no interviewing+debating skills,no subject matter knowledge!
Time For dinner #littlemarco.  My boy looks so cute in his suit talking big!!!  #lowenergy
This was a really important interview.

That is TRUE
Oh. People are still listening to Rubio? I thought he was gone and a complete suck up who, like Ted Cruz, is incompetent. Ah... Fox "news."
Marco Rubio. A globalist and fake republican that leads from behind. Truly worthless as Paul Ryan
Thanks for your shitty option Marko
Rubik's Cube markio I'm going to make love to you in a number of infinite ways
Is Donald Trump going to take over Bill O's time slot?
Y
L...not yet?
L...cmon you got it
Did he lose weight or get a hair cut?
Just not sweating like normal.  Sorry, not a FAN.
I....can you guess yet?
E
R
'
O
L.
Not watching. F U for what you did to Bill! #BoycottFox
L
I
B
Dude... Get a life.
Lol This is a fake account. And it has more followers than your real account. Ponder that for a bit.
So how's Bill's vacation going?
