We ask for prayers for them. We need more focus on targeting of officers across the country.They protect us, we need to protect them 2/2
This is just crazy!!
Same is posted on Craigslist for the Trump Rally August 22 in Phoenix Rent A Mob
Thanks! Need to get those jobs to Trump supporters. Wouldnt that suck for the lefties!
I am more concerned about it being the left posting the recruitment add.
I couldnt find anything when I just looked.

Meet #Antifa, and you understand socialism!
You better NOT Vote to censure our President.Say goodbye to your Senate job if you go against the President we elected!
Sad
After you endorsed #Antifa. What the hell?
This is a perfect example Dont side with Dems on Confederate statues. It's only a distraction to divide our party. UNITE behind Trump #MAGA
The statues may be a distraction, but the white supremacy stuff is not.
Of course not WS is disgrace to all Americans But Ill not give up my right to free speech to shut theirs down. BUT violence never the answer
Antifa-loving RINO. Soros still giving you money?
Then make it happen do something about it
Congrats on your guns available to everyone policy. You must be so proud of your accomplishments huh?


Start with designating #Antifa a terrorist group! Publically denouncing them!
You sir sided with Antifa instead of backing our Republican President. You need to get on board with Trump.
Condemn Black Lives Matter violence. Protect our 1st Amendment rights.
Yet, you continue to stand up for the groups that believe the police to be the enemy by condemning only ONE hate group... 
this has happened on your watch..sad
Fueled by msm and backstabbing politicians
Democrats and the media have blood on their hands and so do you for support of Antifa against the president.
And U plan on censuring @POTUS for calling out #AntifaTerroristOrganization You will be disgraced and left by the way side if you do #Truth
But yet you bash Trump for calling these violent leftist out still feel the same today or maybe once again Trump was right
You did publicly support the violent leftist group antifa, senator. Did you think they were all cupcakes and sprinkles?
.@marcorubio
You & other Ncons,who CHOSE not to ID Antifa & BLM as hate groups after Cville,EMBOLDENED them. Was the TRUMP JAB worth it? @MittRomney
Disgusting BLM. Where is the media and the Dems. They are weanie assholes.
As well as 
Flake
Graham 
McCain
Ryan
Mcconnell
Croker
You turncoats should be tried for treason!
and YOU, RUBIO, deserve some CREDIT, for not agreeing with PRESIDENT that all VIOLENCE IS BAD-- BLM should also be condemned, Whimp
BLM and Dems should tell theviolence to stop.
Either you are really stupid or naïve if you think this thugs are ever going to vote for you...Your are supporting criminals we won't forget
Better accept your responsibility in supporting cop killers and looters who burn cities, destroy properties and kill cops  Your to blame
And you should feel awful. You were a big part of it.  Let that sink in ASSHAT

When Senator Rubio publicly backs ANTIFA that partnered w BLM and today we have 4 shot Florida cops, 2 of them dead, he needs Sanctioning 
Terribly sad. How police can deal with so many guns out there is beyond comprehensible. We're fortunate that all don't quit.
What are you doing to go against the hate? Are you supporting Our President? Will you call out the Anti-American rhetoric in the Media?
Resign immediately Rubio. Brave police are being murdered across America while you are defending liberal terrorists destroying statues.
SICK
I think this would be the alt-left that you love so much.
Let me guess its @POTUS fault?  Surely bot related to BLM or antifa. Cause you said they are all good
Thanks #BLM
Rubio you have BLOOD on your hands. #FireRubio

Republicans Fail when they feel Appeasing Democrats is More Important Than Doing What's Right for Their Constituents  DO WHATS RIGHT #MAGA 
TWO DEAD OFFICERS IN FL.. THIS IS WHAT The VICTIM Is of Trump Crap Has Garnered.;.
@marcorubio stands with antifa. His parents who escaped these mass murdering nuts would be proud. https://twitter.com/AntifaBoston/status/898958986824777728 …
Wait, didn't you just justify violence a few days ago?You insult me&every other law enforcement by trying to turn your hate rhetoric around.
Yet you STAND with the ultra violent, alt-Left Progressive Antifa thugs who are ANTI-POLICE and throw bottles of urine on our brave police.
An example of the upshot of the left ignoring violence by its supporters.KKK is heinous but doesn't justify BLM barbarity.Don't be a coward.
So sad
Does this make you happy? This is what happens when you don't call out both sides! Now be a leader
words like yours Marco just fan the flame of violence. Stick to the Bible verses. You must a been reading the Koran?
Thank you for your support for Hongkong's democracy. Thank you, Rubio.
That's why you condemn all sides
Right after you supported Antifa and BLM! Way to support Hate groups!
Rubio uhave turned your back on these Officers &left them in this situation for your own goals.Your guilty as the 1 that pulled the trigger
RUBIO,SHOULD RESIGN.
Prayers Support We also in Florida have lost so many of our Blue Lives Very sad
My sincerest condolences and prayers to the families and people of Florida for the loss of these officers!
It is scary ! So Tired of all of this .. keep your eyes on Jesus
Call it what it is domestic terrorism!
Shot by who #BLM & #Antifa who you support
Marco, I respect the police and their difficult job, you should stay out of it.
U support Antifa.  Antifa promotes police shootings. What do u have to say to the surviving families? U share the blame #AntifaAreTerrorist
You own this, oh great Marky Marc.
.@marcorubio←blood on hands for endorsing #AltLeft Antifa terrorists as @BarackObama endorsed BLM➝5 dead Dallas cops
.@MarcoRubio @SenJohnMcCain @MittRomney @JohnKasich endorse Alt-Left Antifa terrorists. Lil Marco's paid per Anti-Trump tweet by Soros #MAGA 
Antifa, violent Antifa.  Communists, anarchist, intolerant leftist like Fidel & Chavez.  Opportunist!!
No thanks to you!  Stand up for law and order vs BLM and alt-left!
Rubio you are deep sewer against president trump no loyalty to his republicans agenda sad
This is what happens when you defend #antifa and #blacklivesmatter anarchist groups and don't stand up for #LawandOrder
u encouraged this by ur siding with the violent #AltLeft and attacking trump when he spoke the truth SHAME on u, rino
I'm sure it was the white supremacist Marco. I hate the white supremacist but u need to apologize for Antifa. U ok with what they do???
Read your 10 tweets post Charlottesville. You helped appease AnitFa's and BLM's behavior which is part of the anti-cop rehetoric. #Gangof8
Oops *rhetoric*
Terrible !!!!
After your tweets giving permission for violence in Charlottesville, shouldn't you feel responsible for those same people killing cops!
After all, those groups excused by your ilk are the ones saying cops and supporters of police should be killed, right? Your side!
Your no different than The other leftists! Your pretense at being conservative days are over!
Violence against law enforcement is as unacceptable as officers using excessive force.
These men and women are there to protect and serve us
Did U ever see some of the signs held up at #antifa "protests"-- calling for the destruction of police officers (I won't use their rhetoric)
Terrible!!

And you say not related?
When are we going to make attacking a police officer a federal hate crime. 2/ put a death sentance with it 3/ Disavow/creditibily/ with/BLM
Facts are no ambush occurred. Rush to judgment much?
Right now all ANTIFA  terrorists fighting police, not one problem with counter peaceful marcher Pro Trump @CNNPolitics @FoxNews @tedlieu

This is Obama's legacy.
Defund & Deport ObamaSoros RubioBots to Castro, Guantanamo Cuba
So wrong and sad.
ObamaSoros Rubio Treason Tyrants should go back to Guantanamo Cuba to work with Castro
We need to put a stop 2 this the Judge Roy Bean Way! Tried and convicted of Shooting or killing a police officer! Public Hanging & Televised
This is what happens when their own senator turns on the white house.
#BlueLivesMatter
Couldn't find an appropriate Bible verse to relate to this tragedy? Hypocrit.
Remember when you Rethugs applauded the bundy ranch Nazis to point guns at poilice?
Obama's anti-police Ferguson comments sparked riots and looting. He never apologized for being 100% wrong.
Was that OK becos it was BLM?
Yes, and what are our representatives going to do about it
I can believe I liked you . Sell out!
Praying for the families and the injured.
But you support the caliphate
So sad...praying...
Sen, please speak out against BLM and other groups that encourage violence against police every day.
You have been seeming to stand in solidarity with BLM & Antifa. You either support this shit or you don't!  Pick a side! Law & Order or not!
God protect our protectors from any and all evil. May the victim rest in Light Eternal
How much of the blame does Trump need to assign to black supremacist terrorists?  100%, right?
If you support the coward that is Marco Rubio, you deserve this Florida.
MARCO the #leftwing is Ambushing Police Again.  What Say You 
#kissimmeepolice #Kissimmee #cdnpoli
Yet all sides of violence won't be called out. Give BLM , ANTIFA etc a pass....and the violence will continue.
Dear, that is another way to hurt, harm and destroy our Democratic System by the anarchists. Remember Ferguson, Texas then
Thanks Marco.  For fanning the  of hate.  You need to call the widows and apologize and repent.
Rubio is one of ObamaSoros top paid Puppet Treason Tyrants all orchestrated Divisive Hate groups
Sen.Rubio. Remember what the Left is trying to do. POTUS may not have the polish of professional politicians; don't be a part of the swamp.
These police officers had guns, so can we all agree more guns is not the answer to reducing gun violence. Stand up and do smth Marco
Don't have any answers to stop these police killings but they can't go on like this.
Could you convince ALL your fellow senators and house members to speak out in condemning this brutality on police & their families.
Such sad news. Every day.
The tacit, and simetimes overt, encouragement of violence by the POTUS has consequences.
You must be proud of yourself. #fakechristian

Where was your #BarcellonaAttacks tweet?  How do you corrupt pol sleep at ngt & look at Your kids knowing your destroying their future?
Sad................
Praying for the families of the fallen officers. This has got to stop! BLUE LIVES MATTER
Are you denouncing #BLM @BarackObama for hosting them in the WH?Who let many dangerous criminal on to the street? @MiamiPD @kissimmeepolice
Marco, join the movement or shut up and stay away.
Dear God please be with all our police ptotect them cover them with your love please be with the families of the officers  in Jesus name
And yet you support #Antifa, who promote killing cops. Shut up, Marco, you traitor.
Stop SUPPORTING ANTIFA AND leftwing Anarchist! Support @realDonaldTrump instead of Promoting #Soros #GlobalistAgenda! we HATE #RHINOS
Bolsheviks are coming out of their caves and MOMMAS basement. Make sure I get home in time for your hot pocket little murdering snowflake
When president supports violence it has become the norm. Impeachment of Trump will start America on the road to sanity and peace.Protect
#FakeNews it was @BarackObama 100% endorsing hate towards police & inviting BLM to the WH that is responsible for this, @POTUS supports 
I'm pretty sure the kkk,white supremacist, and the neo-nazis didn't shoot these 6 policemen! What now!
Yeah, they were shot by a suicidal person, targets of a drug call, and a guy who stole a playstation.
Trump will get blamed for it don't worry
Maybe you should be working ON YOUR STATE instead of bashing @POTUS
we can all thank BLM  for this!
Tear down statues, murder police....   the disintegration continues.
Who did it? Denounce it as terrorism!
See JohnCornyn. What a shame!. A successful Reconstruction (i.e. non-existence of Jim Crowe law) would have prevented this.
Oh no!!!
The hatered in America is fueled by @realDonaldTrump and the Republican party. The blood is on your hands.
Then people get mad when police officers kills delinquents. They risk their life every day to protect others
So what are you doing to help.....hate our President
Support your President and pay attention to your own State which is a mess with conflict
NRA 6
USA 0
@marcorubio, you can do something about this.
This is just another dog & pony show by @marcorubio! Like when he turned his back on Miami families whose properties were stolen by #DERM
We need gun control.
Murder is illegal too?  How'd that work out for them?
Where's the stupid so-called propaganda media,their usual, NOTHING TO SEE HERE. How many murders  in Chicago this week? NOTHING TO SEE HERE.
Will NFL players sit for them during the anthem? I think not. Stand against all hate, stand for the anthem.
And you spend your time defending antifa and BLM, two violent hate groups
But the US doesn't have a gun problem. #backgroundcheck
Your antifa pals are happy. You know, the guys you defend & say are blameless. Maybe you could give them another shout out today. Jack ass
Breaks my heart
Thisbissince Obama was in office. This is his legacy, our history and monuments were never an issue BEFORE Obama,STOP pandering and work
Stop been ignorant.
You've chosen who you sided with this week. This is what happens when you empower the hate. There were two hateful groups there in VA
Police work is dangerous business, along with the military, and we are fortunate that people volunteer to put their lives on the line for us
gun control might help remedy some of this just sayin...
Unfortunately, the second officer in Kissimmee didn't make it
Marco you will never win WH
sign of bad government law makers evil and Crooks Rule.
Disgusting to target those who serve our communities. Prayers for the families and friends of those involved.
When BLM was chatting for dead cops you never called on Obama to renounce them. Why have you been harassing @POTUS after he renounced nazis?
@marcorubio has a grudge because he lost Election! He is still pushing the #GlobalistAgenda vs #Backstabbing @realDonaldTrump! Miami ASHAMED
Rubio has never gotten over this,tag team of revenge headed by @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @MittRomney @JebBush @SenBobCorker @JeffFlake
Miami is Fed up with @marcorubio  Backstabbing against the @POTUS We the People ELECTED! We need to #RECALL & REPLACE ALL #rhinos #Traitors!
Look into how many lives were saved in Australia by gun regulations.
Look Australia into how they're losing their country over to an ideology that condones female mutilation, segregation, NO Australia!
All attacks on Law Enforcement Officers should be capital felony with strongest punishment available.
This is the result of no accountability & political correctness, all cop killers & those who help them should get the death penalty
Because cops being killed by the criminals they try to catch is a recent phenomenon.
Nazis or KKK?
Your leader's doing!
Putting it all together for a more dramatic effect
Let me guess!  The killers were all black?
600 people drowned in Asia yesterday due to global warming.
Father God Jehovah place your loving arms around these police officers & their families especially the dead officer give comfort & healing.
Keep playing ur games with the prez & more bad things keep happening. Why not unite to get things done.
Marco only the KKK were racist??!!
We must stand we our police officers! We must show all our respect to man and woman who never sleep because they are protecting our lives!
Our law enforcers need to be protected & respected. W/O this our civil society is in jeopardy. God rest their souls & God bless their family
did BLM take credit?
U HonestlyBelieveDems&RINO'S WouldLet ItGetOutWhileProTrumpRally's Starting. FocusingSheepleHateOnlyWhites. NowPoliceAfraidAgain;JustInTime
