So now you're concerned about one baby, but not the millions of Americans set to lose their access to healthcare? #Hypocrisy
I never said it didn't, just pointing out the hypocrisy of this satement while screwing millions of Americans
Millions of Americans were screwed when they forced to get Obamacare. Now millions can get rid of it.
Millions were able to get coverage with the ACA.
Coverage they can't use because the co-pays and deductibles are too high. Get a clue!
The ACA has problems that need to fixed, no doubt. Going back to a open market approach is not the right way
It the best way to get the best individual coverage, keep the Gvmt shithooks out of it, and keep cost down
The rest of the modern world and I will just have to disagree with you
He wouldn't be alive if it weren't for their healthcare system.He most certainly have been dead long ago w Trumpcare. A disgusted Republican
NOBODY has ever been denied healthcare in this great country! Please, give an example of when they have and date. NOBODY!
Excuse me you are wrong as I have been denied healthcare and medicine. Walk in my shoes then try to say that
I have family in Canada that need heart valve replacements... oh, good luck.... there is a long line... maybe get u in b4 it fails u.
Ok, good example. I have Blue Cross/Blue Shield PPO, and have been denied 3 times for a heart valve issue in Florida. It's been 6 months
My husband was refused as well for surgery he passed in 2010
Sorry to hear that. Even w insurance we spent outa of pocket $10K+ for my wife's cancer treatment. Prices on services r ridiculous
Thx, I picked up my medicine in Mexico same drug company makes it. Ins will always find an out
When you reach the pearly gates, Peter can ask you why you would use a gravely ill child to deny healthcare to millions? #SpecialPlaceinHell
Figures you would use a child like that for political points little Marco. Your master has taught you well. Next a Trump tramp stamp?
Thx Justine - looking fwd do liberals really want a future R admin deciding what cuts to make to balance the budget? Has to be another way
@marcorubio I have been deeply involved in healthcare from all angles and have tried to show your office but no appt yet.
@marcorubio it happens EVERY SINGLE DAY IN AMERICA. and its over money and space. GOOGLE JAHI MCMATH. THAT IS JUST ONE EXAMPLE.
Thief. Liar. Wrong credit card excuse doesn't work when card continually abused over years, yet you use a sick child to deny health care.
Single-payer is not what we have, nor is it on the table as a proposal right now. Defend your own bill.
Who was that woman VP candidate who warned of DEATH PANELS?
Floridians for Cons Leadership to "support state & local candidates"  4K .. other candidates, but $85 K -office/operating costs & $65K admin
@marcorubio if you need more examples I can send them to you. I am your constituent and I have been waiting for my appt.
Brit / exPICU nurse. Politically manipulating facts around this child. @POTUS & #GOP & HC  a joke #LiveInGreenhousesShouldnotThrowStones
Using sick child for political points? Marco shame on you!!
All 30 countries with life expectancy above that of the U.S.; ranked 31, have universal health care or public healthcare.
@marcorubio there are thousands of people who do not get care because there insurance doesn't pay as much as the next guys.
Oh, it is not free. If you have money, you pay to go to the front of the line. And the taxes to pay for it? Go live there... do research.
Life expectancy, ranked in descending order, puts UK at 20, but US at 31. UK has Universal Healthcare, US has Obamacare, or worse Trumpcare.
You care about one English child, but could care less about leaving almost half the kids in Florida to fend for themselves. #nice
How about a system where L'il Marco blames travel agent for charging fam. vacation to senatorial credit card. Where did she get the number?
I actually hurt for this family. If there is 1 chance in a million for this child. No 1should stop these parwnts
Politicians should ask why packs should support a president who profits from office nepotism. Ivanka at G20. Anti environment likes Putin
Who says they do?
@marcorubio being insured both privately by BCBS/NHP and now medicaid has been an eye opening experience. Priv is the Biggest scam ever.
you clearly have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
The state taking decisions about a child from parents without even claims of abuse/neglect is a debatable one though.
doctors have taken the decisions and they're based not on cost but what's in the best interests of the patient.
Who is more responsible for a child a doctor or the parents?
The desire of parents to cling to a life may well exceed what's best for the child, but when other medics offer potential help is that clear
Pretty disgusting to use a dying baby as political propaganda.
A literal example of their healthcare system in action is out of bounds? How do you propose we discuss the merits then?
This child has a rare genetic disorder that will kill him. Under Rubio's bill, US insurance won't cover kids like him. Lifetime caps will+
2) It is disgusting that his parents are denied the freedom to spend their own funds to continue treating their child

/3
Are you familiar with the disorder and its outcomes?
I understand differences of opinion on tax rates, on gay marriage, etc.  On this, you either decry what is happening, or you disgust me
There is a logical error in this editorial. It says that the reason Charlie can't come to US is single-payer.  But the parents raised $1.7M.
So they will have funding to come if they choose.  UK not allowing out of concern for baby's well being.  That's unrelated to HC system.
I'm not defending UK.  Not sure what is best course for Charlie.  But I wouldn't fault the system.
How about a system, where @SenRubioPress charges food & beverages to Happy Wine liquor store?
How about a system where a Rubio began career with the house. Created 2 pol. committees collecting 500K disbursed mostly to friends&family?
Under your bill, he would have maxed out his lifetime insurance limits and you'd have left him die.
Yes, a system where Charlie had no health insurance at all would be much better.
You are ridiculous. The healthcare system didn't lead to this, his rare genetic disorder did. US GOP would make he never got insurance!
That is completely false.
@JoPiercy @marcorubio what's false? Genetic disorder caused his condition? No coverage under GOPplan? It's a fact Marco is ridiculous!
The part about no coverage under GOP plan. You sound completely unhinged btw, calm down.
Ok.  Thanks. That is really helpful.
I'm not here to help with your partisan lies. I abhor fanatics from both sides.
But you are so helpful!
Stop using this child for political points! How heartless of you! It was a horrendous situation for the parents, the families and the doctors. Charlie could not be saved. ALL medical experts agreed; the grieving parents needed time to accept. Stop it. Be better. Do better.
Nothing to do with a coverage, but judged by British Court, would be futile & may “well cause pain, suffering and distress to Charlie.”
You want to deny health care to Americans (33 million) by politicizing a terminally ill infant? People dying from curable disease #Douchebag
There has to be some sort of happy medium. Healthcare should be NOT FOR PROFIT. Ins. co shouldn't be making billions while Americans suffer.
Do you realize that *American* Charlie Gards will die when they hit their lifetime insurance caps? Which this bill would allow?
You can't seriously be towing the "leads to outcomes like this" line while still pushing that dumpster fire of a health care bill #CBOSCORE
The US infant mortality rate is 6.5 per 1k live births.  The U.K. is 4.2.  Why are you defending a system that kills 2 babies per 1000?
I shudder to think of the comparison of maternal mortality in the US that will be worsened with AHCA.
Look at Texas....
And Theresa May and the Tories are actively trying to sabotage NHS harming UK citizens. I lived in UK for 3 years & NHS was great.
Oh gods yeah...I have a friend who is a junior doctor in Scotland.
GOP health bill caps lifetime spending and hangs 20 million Americans out to dry. 

How is that better?
No, it is actually 22 million people losing healthcare that have it today.
There is more to this story. Believing that this is because of nhs is wrong.
You mean your GOP agenda to hurt and kill millions with your deathcare and stripping financial support, hurting Vets,  seniors & kids
The hospitals and the doctors decided on this case not govt and took it to a judge. Now case is re-opened.
The people of the UK own the NHS and we are proud of it. You know one story and you think you know it all. Our healthcare is equal and free.
baby has no quality of life. I feel for the parents  but if the machine is breathing for you and the brain is not functioning, not alive!
What you don't think Amer b4 Ocare has tons of these & millions more w/you plan. Thats prob w/cherry picking. Have someone explain BIBLE 2 U
I dare you to ask your supporters what Obamacare has done for them
The UK health system won't pay to bring the child here for further treatment, but under Trumpcare, this child would probably be dead already
Charlie is not a US citizen..... your point?
Hang on a minute. Brit, ex PICU nurse. 1st read Ct Judgement. 2nd very very proud of UK NHS. Nobody dies cos they can't afford HC #Ethics.
We need to look to see where the greatest good will come.  Our system isn't serving our population
All healthcare will involve difficult choices when there are limited funds. My mother was denied a bone marrow transplant by US insurance.
How about we research if insurance companies have helped or hurt outcomes
How about not paying insurance CEOs more in one day than I make in a year. How about healthcare providers make more than insurance marketers
Wow that is your largest understand of the healthcare system? Perhaps you should withhold voting until you study up on it a little
You could just as easily make an argument against #SINGLEPAYER by asking if we should be using taxpayer money to save this cows life. 
Using this child as cheap political theater should be beneath you. His medical issue is 100% fatal, not caused by single payer.
*Senator should ask himself why he is posting irrelevant tweets instead of holding town halls.
@marcorubio should explain to protesters how the @GOP is going to use one isolated case to threaten millions on the other side of that line.
So you're under delusion that current US insurance dictated treatments/outcomes is superior?! This is parental rights issue not single payer
the child is in THE UK! Under your spiteful system he wouldn't even be in the hospital. He's be dead at birth.
Are you under the impression that US insurance companies don't do this as a regular business practice?  They do it more often.
You blame ACA 4 high premiums which are regulated by Insurance Companies! The ACA is NOT an Ins. Co.! Stop lying & stop sabotaging the ACA!
it's their courts not healthcare that did that
Not a single med. organization supports AHCA & only 17% of Americans do. This speaks volumes if you would only listen! Fix & keep the ACA!
A) single payer is not NHS. Americans want single payer with physicians also able to be paid directly
B) this is one outcome, US has 1000s
And the truth is if the kid were here his parents would have to spend all day on gofundme and STILL END OF FILING FOR BANKRUPTCY, douchebag!
Sad but root cause is not single payer system as article pretends. U.S. courts also interfere in personal medical decisions all the time.
$1.7 million for experimental treatment, which private insurance won't pay for either and is about $700,000 more than the old lifetime caps.
GOP plan would do same. Parents would be out of pocket so much they'd go broke. CAP. Pre-existing. Same outcome for the baby.
The claim that the ACA would lead to death panels has already been proven false by the lived reality of healthcare under the ACA.
And their HC plan did NOT lead to that outcome. Single payer would help way more people. Don't measure by 1 case
Would Charlie be covered under proposed HC plan? Nope. So get off your high horse.
.@marcorubio  Are you suggesting AMA discharges would cease to exist under the proposed single-payer system? Most advancement is need driven
Wow, you are trying to frighten American's. Using a poor sick child is so trumpish of you. #Notrumpcare #Resist
Do you think no one dies in the US because they don't have access to healthcare? Are you kidding?
U bloody Politicians r so ugly that even U use a dying kid. U will feel know if ur kids have to go through this SO SAD! SHAME!! @marcorubio
And you're complaining about disinformation and misinformation this case is very complicated

I support universal healthcare because it makes sense. Lower costs and better outcomes. Remove the middle men insurance and pharm!
If you're this clueless you should probably get out of the way and let the adults handle things.
Marco Rubio the senator from Havana
This to complex a situation for us as Americans to sit in judgement of. god bless this child, let's not make this a political argument
Completely vapid comment!  How about the thousands that are denied valid claims by insurance death panels.
oh dear. this situation is tragic. don't use it for your own. #Heartless
terrible case of a terminally ill infant. don't politicize it. there is no cure.
Let us ask why do you support a pathological liar....DJT?
This does surprise me with a no kill country, how come now you guys care about another country? Hey Trump, FAKE oh no you like this one.
...and it is odd that there is no thought of $$ for this, yet when it comes to supporting preventative healthcare for all it costs too much?
This article misses one important thing. This baby has healthcare. Under Trumpcare, would he have any at all? #chooselife #HealthCareForAll
Because he at least had a chance, under your bill, his parents couldn't even get health care or afford it.
He'd lose his Medicaid here, under Republicans.
If you support trump care, we will vote you out of office.
Hey little Marco...uh. I don't know how to tell you this bud,but this is happening IN BRITAIN u need to amend or delete this and get a globe
Charlie's situation is complex. Now, this is about the right to end a life on a ventilator. ..not the ability to get care
This isn't about lack of care.  Many in us couldn't get same treatment either without great insurance and / or great wealth
You mean a child with unlimited & free care since birth vs. Parents in the US who would be bankrupt and facing lack of care due to max cap?
Media should ask you why you want to gut medicare and kick millions off health insurance rather than make the ACA better.
Let's talk about the Republican version of "healthcare".
This is not a sufficient argument against single-payer. Craft a better implementation.
get your facts straight.  The law is to protect children. Nothing to do with single payer insurance.
Why do YOU support a system that has outcomes like THIS?
You use an unfortunate child for the purpose of propaganda, but our infant mortality rate is a disgrace!  The ACA was a step towards
raising the U.S. to a standard comparable to other Western Democracies.  The real story is that the U.K. has a MUCH lower infant mortality
than the U.S.  Instead of using this poor child for political purposes, you should be explaining to the public why so many babies die in the
United States.  You know the answer.
If you were truly "pro-life," you would understand the importance of access to prenatal care.  You wouldn't promote policies that target
disadvantaged groups during the postnatal period, either!  What's wrong with the GOP????
Ruling by UK NHS & judges was not inevitable. They could easily have ruled otherwise. Stop using fear to strip healthcare from 23m people
Maybe you should explain why you support "Government run healthcare" for your mother, but nobody else...
Very first line:  "Medicare is a federal health insurance program"

https://www.medicare.gov/sign-up-change-plans/decide-how-to-get-medicare/whats-medicare/what-is-medicare.html …
How many American children have lost their lives due to pre-existing conditions or lousy HMO plans, caps on Insurance you sad hypocrite?
Dunce.
grow a spine first then speak
So the right wing healthcare plan that kicks millions off of insurance is better? Sad that you carry water for a plan that will kill people
PIG   TRAITOR    HYPOCRITE   HOPE U  NEVER GET VOTED IN AGAIN.
Can we get a public official that can spell?
https://www.facebook.com/Lakota111/posts/10213855612652692 …

FOR SURE THE UK IS VIOLATING FREEDOM OF CONSCIENCE...
http://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Freedom_religion_ENG.pdf …
Sad thing is these protestors are paid and don't care secondly they have no clue why they are protesting they follow the script given them
You mean a system like every developed country has except the US? A system where people don't go bankrupt from medical bills?
How about you ask yourself and your buddies why you sabotaged ACA and wouldn't allow fixes to let it flourish.  Your only goal was to repeal
More children die in the US than in any country with single payer health care. Quit taking money from insurance companies, Marco.

Uninsured ppl in US die preventable deaths. We spend most and rank last in health outcomes compared to socialized.
You reached a new low, with this sensationalist tweet, Marco. Appalling. Sick. SAD.
So...you understand that we can learn from these events & implement such improvements into our own single payer system, right?
Looking for any sensational story to worm your way out of giving us all health care, disgusting
It was our justice system which made the decision...
That was part of the beauty of the #ACA: requiring insurers to cover pre-existing conditions and providing a safety net for the uninsured.
Private insurance companies already make such life-or-death decisions by refusing to cover treatments and conditions all the time
Your Healthcare plan is worse fix what we have now! Not a plan that 13 white guys came up with in the middle of the night.
What a weird complaint for someone who would literally write the law and could prevent outcomes like this.
So are you saying you would vote to extend Charlie's life? He would need Medicaid if he came to the US
"the disease has no cure." It's not the 'systems' fault except that greedy pharma would rather spend money lobbying politicians & buying ads
Here, he'd get ZERO treatment because it is a genetic, pre-existing condition.  He'd be on the street, dead. 

#ProfitOverCare
Because overall their entire population receives the healthcare they need and deserve, people don't have to choose between food & medicine.
Why do you want to extend his misery when there is no chance. That's right you're one of those cruel disgusting Christians
Unless parents are rich, under your plans, this baby would not have any insurance.  Fix the issues like this! Don't give money for the rich.
One rare instance never happening in US is far better outcome than kicking 20 million off healthcare. #republicanlogic
It's always good to politicise a dying baby.
In layman's terms...
#ACA sucks. The @GOP plan sucks harder. 

Over 60% of Americans want #SinglePayer 
#MedicareForAll NOW
#FridayFeeling
I understand the problems of single payer systems. What I want to know is what works better?
@AynRandPaulRyan @GOP maybe you should open your ears
What insurance plan in the U.S. would pay to send someone to the UK, Aus, NZ or elsewhere for treatment?  None...Other than maybe Congress'.
the original ACA bill would have prevented this. GOP carved it up.
That happened before Obamacare when insurance would kick you off...
Why are you so concerned about a baby from another country but are fine taking healthcare away from millions of Americans?
Yet you vote for people to lose their healhcare
or, if this baby had been born to parents in the US WITH insurance, the ins co would send the baby to another country w/ experimental drugs
because if this baby was born in the US to parents without insurance, private insurance companies would jump at the chance to help?
No more primo insurance & lifetime salaries on the people's dime.  There is a big chunk of wasted funds from our tax dollars! #PeoplesParty
If AHCA is so great, why r u trying 2 exempt urselves from it? We should all get the same ins., then you'd care! #PeoplesParty
You haven't. Because this is all political to you.
Have you or anyone on your team done the math? Compared mortality rates? Spoken to doctors?
We need a party for the people.  The Dems and Reps both work for corporations!  No one is standing up for working Americans...except Bernie!
This is so low! Don't publicize this story to misrepresent the facts so you can bow down to the president.
The AHCA isn't about healthcare! It's another giveaway to the Super wealthy & eugenics for the poor, sick, disabled & elderly. Ur all pigs!
We r being taxed w/o representation, again!  U don't listen 2 anyone who doesn't have a fat checkbook!  We see you. #PeoplesParty
4 every 1 story like this there are thousands of stories where people were helped or saved by single payer.  Quit B.S.-ing us!
Why do you support a system that leaves Millions of Americans begging for healthcare? Babies die here every day & gop says "get a job".
Senator, this child has been denied travel for ETHICAL reasons, not financial. You are lying to justify your immoral support of the BCRA.
@rie_rie76 Ask urself why you would destroy lives of millions of US babies by repeal of Medicaid#Power2FreeCreditablePress#Power2FreeSpeech
And if this happened in the US to someone without medical insurance?
The leftists have no compassion for human life.
You politicians use 'an isolated example to prove a "rule" which is stupid & deceiving. Those systems have lower infant mortality than US!
15 Nations have better results from Health Care at half our cost. For 100M's of citizens for decades. Healthcare for profit is a failure
1 ex. of a TERMINALLY ILL CHILD the courts ruled to stay in the hospital isn't enough to refuse healthcare to millions of Americans. SORRY
This is not an example of single payer failing. Sorry
So you want to cut thousands of US children off their healthcare, and we're supposed to believe you care about this boy! Sure Jan!!
Trump cut off medical care for his own sick nephew, so we know how much he cares. This fake concern is disgusting!!
Ask  yourself why you support a new system that will kick over 20m people off healthcare. You work for We The People. Not highest bidder.
The entire American public should ask why you have accepted over $2.5million in support from healthcare/drug companies.
Puke
That's not at all relevant to the protesters in this country fighting to keep life saving healthcare.
Why don't you have a spine and condemn Trump for speaking badly about our intell & press in Europe
Senator: I would like to attend your next town hall meeting. When and where will it be?
And what system is this - is this the ACA you refuse to fix which is fixable! Lying as usual Rubio!
Prior to #ACA, our system made these "choices" every day, based on wealth. Your "plan" would deny care to millions of mothers & children.
