I'm sick of these trump fanboys defending Putin!! You were right to question tRex today!!
actually, it showed great immaturity.
Actually, it showed integrity and honest commitment to verifying a person's ethics & eligibility.
so labeling Putin a war criminal would verify that Tillerson is an ethical person or not?
He IS a war criminal. Marco's not afraid to call it what it is.He's not being blackmailed
That is an ignorant statement. DT has no experience. Based on events, he is a war criminal.  @marcorubio
At least he remained more composure than the PEOTUS today.
Why? @FemalesForTrump @marcorubio @OscarBiscet
sir do u think it appropriate for a head diplomat to be naming other leaders war criminals before he even starts?
where is Trump tax returns? Trump is 100 times worse than Castro
@MarciaCM1 @OscarBiscet Should have vehemently opposed Trump long before becoming PEOTUS! Cozying up was a moral breaker. Shame!
yeah. Then u go on w UR life & we lose a great future president smh
I don't consider someone great who has no integrity & puts party before country/principles. County 1st!
Obama's Cuba policy seems fine to me- Id like to see them, Japan and Taiwan in Major league baseball.
can you please work for USA President as avidly as you do for Cuba?
Just wait until Trump starts jailing and killing his political opponents and banning free press...oh wait. He's already doing that.
Pablo Escobar and El Chapo do not even come close to what the castros have done
and with no punitive action from the United States of America
I HAVE A CRUSHED ON MARCO RUBIO
I hope we can start ruin everything we can to put an end to the cancer that is 90 miles away

@NMalliotakis @OscarBiscet Rubio....Rubio...
Marco, I am in a virtual prison in Canada with my ongoing non-consensual research/police stalking exposé.
Fingers crossed.  the other issue we will find that MOST of the policy put in place @POTUS44 will fail
so why are you wishing Obama good luck.
you freaking sellout!  I don't understand how u got back in office!  U SUCK!
Had to take a swipe at Obama? And isolating Cuba worked how?
Really? Rubio could care less that Trump violated the Cuban Embargo. Rubio with his fake concerns
GO TO CUBA AND SEE 4 URSELF HOW UR OWN PEOPLE REALLY LIVES! Your policies have failed the Cubans living there
If you vote down RT I will eat my hat...and enjoy every bite.
I knew that you didn't have the balls to actually do it...  All bark
.@marcorubio, you're no better than Tillerson; you knew all this about Putin when you endorsed his puppet Trump.
.@MarcoRubio: Is Vladimir Putin a war criminal?
Tillerson: I would not use that term.
Rubio: Well let me describe the situation in Aleppo... 
@cspan At least he's standing up to this now. Can't go back. He needs to block Tillerson.
Wrong Rubio.Obama's out reach to Cuba will slowly and steadily reap great Benefits for Cuba and America.Your family
Trump is worse than Castro
How many people has Trump incarcerated & executed? If he hasn't done these things then your comparison with Castro is a lie.
just wait
-That is not what you said in your tweet. Typical.
you need lots of water little marko


none of these nominees are qualified.   #chickenshit.  Someone who can't make his own decisions will never be prez.
you are supporting jailing dissidents by capitulating to Tillerson. What happened to America First? @OscarBiscet
we need to stand with @OscarBiscet a true Cuban patriot.  @POTUS only makes policies that helps the dictatorship.  4 more days.
we are putting our trust ON YOU  to get Rex out of the cabinet.. we're hoping you'll keep your word
Based on your questions to Rex , you are also a failure to the American people U should be ashamed. You're finished
Seems to be the eggs are mostly traitors.
On Tillerson did it occur to any of you to ask how Tillerson came to be Trump's nominee .. he doesn't even know Trump.
2 No doubt Flynn's choice.  Flynn is dangerous and has weird ides about Putin being the Chrisitan savior ... pls educate yourself Mr. Rubio
2 *ideas ...
at least he tried ; reTHUGlicans, as usual do nothing but criticise, resist & setback progress! USA + CUBA=51! Marco+POTUS =46
I'm tired of these second Cuban generation who were born in a free country and has had everything...
sounds like Rubio could use help of #Tillerson as SS
Thank you Marco! You were awesome today. Keep up the good work. God Bless!
coming up for round 3 any time after Menendez cspan3
Thank U Lisa!Marco was awesome today.Not afraid to take a stand.True leader who cares about our Country
.@Yolanda1277 @Fenwaynine @marcorubio @OscarBiscet Hahahahaha! Don't make me laugh.
Oh, Gilbert, what's laughable is your mustache from the 80's. Buy a mirror, dude. #caring
Marco along w McCain, war mongers. Destabilized ME, Christian genocide, Islamic invasion of Europe.
.@marcorubio Is this tweet to distract from performance at Rex Tillerson hearing? Drop ur games & fully support Trump. Otherwise resign.
You mean this Trump? He's looking out for America without his nose up Trumps butt.
Tillerson lobbied against Russian sanctions and EXXON sold oil to IRAN. People need to get a grip.
@LisaAMoyer @OscarBiscet How do you say it's a failed policy when he's gotten further than anyone in 50 years?
further how? Nothing has improved for the ppl who live there....
...communications is a step in the right direction?
not without Cuba making any changes in regards to human rights.
Fair point.  I'm only saying that opening channels of communication is a positive step rather than...
Mira Marco - DEJA de las mentiras. Por lo menos Obama intentó mejor las relaciones entre los EU y Cuba.
En definitiva convenios y organizaciones internacionales no sirven frente a las dictadura,razón decirles"club de amigos"#sosvzla
mr. Rubio you are a Cuban dissident as I am and you are sending the wrong message by accepting trumps cabinet Shame
Wouldn't expect much help on this from PEOTUS or new Sec of State until you grow up.
No! Another policy failure! I am so shocked!
Free the Doctor!
will you say America committed war crimes against Native Americans?  Same question you ask. Cubans on Native land here
one chance to have a Secretary of State who could do something and you want to go all political on him. Smarter than you not say
just Cubans cannot enter America anymore where is the left Dems lost my vote forever
should keep your hawk nose out of Cuban business...
And you supported Trump who did business with Cuba despite the embargo. You failed!!
You can't be against the piessecopiesmojados policy and then be for it after Obama puts a stop to it. Quit being #fickle
Trump plan to remove Russia sanctions,daily praise of Putin, selection of Exxon COO, appears to be the result of Putin blackmail
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=234816910306670&id=100013350886976 … this is the real truth of what's really going on.
this have failed so much. They don't work. Us tax payers we are so tired of the extreme abuse. Asylum for what?
please don't vote for the mad men he wants !! Stay strong
Do you always shoot yourself in the foot before starting negotiations? Rex is perfect for the job. Get over yourself please!
I regret voting for you.  Only did because I didn't want a democrat however you are worse.
I agree
, You are not POTUS.  We want ALL illegal immigration STOPPED, and ALL illegals deported, NO EXCEPTIONS, not one!
Maybe you shouldn't bite the hand that feeds you #Trump as soon as you get a chance dummy!
Dear Sen Rubio, I implore you not to vote for Rex Tillerson. Think of his ties to Russia. Think of your Country.
We Trusted You to stop Obama , we saw this coming , Why did Obama do this, All the Cuban people are lost
it's about time we as Cubans standup and stop this behavior
It isn't about revenge .. TIllerson is Putin's choice,  you can't confirm
Trump adviser made several calls to Russian envy as U.S. announced retaliation http://bit.ly/2jNqjMq  
Why is it 1st thing out of every R's mouth, past 8years. POTUS policies fail?What have R's been successful at?Zero!
so we're back to Little Marco the butthurt little losing traitor we all should have known you would do this
It's good to be objective 2 c if Rex is the right guy but where was this type of actions towards Obama administration?
PS don't be fool and not support Trump. Trump has helped this countries 10 folds more than Obozo did. #ByeObama
@realDonaldTrump Communist countries are evil & take from their ppl. Please reverse Obama's sick policy asap!! please
Marco please help reverse the policy Obama just put in place against Cubans. He is trying to get back at good ppl.
I have started to become a fan again, but your SoS fight is over the top. Rex very capable. Work together!
Rubio doesn't seemed concerned about anything that isn't Cuban related. Well he better pay attention to this !
Pero si yo te he visto a ti en AmericaTV y la MegaTV diciendo que los cubanos venian y regresaba a Cuba con el dinero.  HIPOCRITA!
Do CUBA and RUSSIA remain close?.Will you vote for Putin's friend, Tillerson. DO THE RIGHT THING. Recoup conciencia
This may come as a shock but the Cuban Embargo wasn't working! Maybe Value is why GOP risks War over Taiwan! #CP5
You do not know anything of Cuba, obey the sovereignty of the towns, obey the history #Cuba #CubaEsNuestra
you voted to repeal without a replacement you will be lucky if you win another election Obama care saved my life .
Stop being such an idiot and vote in the republicans Trump wants in his cabinet. Grow up.
enjoy this tour it will be our last one
You cannot approve TIllerson; why is Flynn on phone with Russia 24/7 & now this; Putin is a war criminal
One case and the policy failed?  How have you felt about USA/Chinese pol/econ relations during past 2 decades?
Trump is telling people - "Little Marco" would never dare to vote against any of my Nominations"
seems strange you are not upset about the wet dry policy being dismissed, should be outraged, humanity crisis
I guess his feet are wet. What will Senate do about BHO's latest preemptive move on #immigration
which immigration move? More refugees? BO will swing his wrecking ball for one more week. Then, hopefully, sweet relief. @gop
his latest on the Cubans. He needs to save the money for his Syrian friends.
Can't the Trump administration undo Obama's Cuban policies? @GOP
I think he can. This was an executive order, not a new law.
Go build a sand castle you turncoat trying to look tough! PATHETIC LITTLE MAN!!!
Why are you being such a backstabber now I actually liked you right now I put you in the same category as Paul Ryan you backstabber!!
Marco trying to be a tough guy during Tillerson hearings....embarassing!!!  Grow up. Sure you aren't a Dem??
vote for Tillerson. Stop behaving like a juvenile delinquent.
thanks for making insurance impossible for me to afford due to my preexisting conditions, and self employed status.
My wife who also is a small biz owner planned to hire employees this year. No longer the plan since that $ now needs to go towards insurance

and now this just in: POTUS Hands Over More Concessions to Castro Regime By Ending Wet Foot Dry Foot
You looked ridiculous during hearings.
You're getting paid to represent Florida, not Cuba. Concentrate Little Marco, concentrate.
Lil'Marco can't concentrate... Too many foam parties in South Beach to distract him.
I thought you were elected to represent people of the United States, not Cuba. Worry about Americans.
, you are a disgrace, wake up marco, you have no credibility after you were put in your sorry  pathetic place.
No Tillerson
Say No to Tillerson!!
Put Country over Party, Vote NO for Tlllerson!  Can't have most inexperienced SOS with naive POTUS.  Russian ties!
For #Humanrights sake PLEASE don't let Tillerson get through. Please.  https://twitter.com/AhmadAlkhtiib/status/814385015681323008/video/1 …
Actual Florida voter here. If you vote Trex out, FL will vote you out in 2020. And Obamas Cuba policy sucks

Lindsey Graham should either join the corrupt Democrats or RESIGN. 
Obama es un perdedor que de dejo manipular por los castros , Cuba sigue siendo la misma desde 1994
lil marco wanna be megyn kelly... with gotcha moment. Well t-rex is heavy weight way above your limit.
stop the Rex Tillerson appointment.  Prove someone in the GOP is more concerned about nat'l security than afraid of Trump.
Please veto Tillerson and impeach Trump.
Definitely do not agree that #Cuba is a failure.  Let's not go backward to an old and ineffective Cuba policy.
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/07/huh.gif …
Watch your vote, I am a republican and I vote. O yeah, my family votes too.
u had me convinced but now I know the truth you're a clinton in sheep's clothing
be the one Marco
dear #LittleMarco #WakeUp you lost Americans don't believe you you're a good actor you tried 2b a rep. But we know
go ahead and join Castro #LittleMarco when TRUMP BUILDS THE WALL I HOPE THAT U WILL BE CRYING ON THE OTHER SIDE;-(
What about the new Cuba policy? BHo wants chaos in Miami, another refugee crisis?
Mr. Rubio you are the best failure in the history of Cuban American generation
Trex #fraud #lying #conflictsofinterest #crook#badnews#akingfortrouble they want to be #abovethelaw#GodBlessAmerica
Well it looks like you're a sore loser. #DeleteYourAccount
hello fire ...we're never done
@SenRubioPress @OscarBiscet Obama just fixed it. Ended wet foot-dry foot. Long overdue.
So Putin bad because war crimes. @wikileaks bad for exposing ours? If not for @realDonaldTrump we would all be so $@R3W3d!
How about political dissidents jailed by obama?  #FreeChelseaNOW #freeassange #FreeJeremy #AaronSwartz #barretbrown
Nice pack of anti-Putin propaganda at the Tillerson hearing, from the midget who supports ISIS and al-Qaeda.
Concerning Tillerson, you are quite a weasel Little Marco
be a senator for the people!!!  Not a lackie for trump
Vote against any Trump nominee will guarantee you WON'T have a job! https://twitter.com/321Chapp/status/819291575855497216/photo/1pic.twitter.com/7HKKF5LsI6 
.@marcorubio @OscarBiscet zee Left hasth never met a DICKtator it didn't love #Khomeini #BabyDoc #Amin #Mao #Saddam #Lenin #Kaishek #PolPot
because Obama is a failed president.
u still haven't learned a thing u condescending twit.
Hey Little Marco, you do realize that you'll never be elected president after your debate meltdown, right? Go home.
Agreed a failure and insult with our Vuban Hertage
Thank you Sen. Rubio for standing for what's right.  I'm in MI and voted for you in our primary, do it again,1,000x
who would want someone with extreme ties 2 the Kremlin the most dangerous man on earth except those who fill there pockets
stand your ground we here in CA Wished you've won don't let them scare u u r the next President hopefully soon don't fall for it
Don't flake, do the right thing.
Marco, stand firm in your beliefs about Tillerson & Russia. He is too chummy with Putin. Need more separation. Tx
Stand up to Trump and his Russian cronies !
NO TILLERSON-- Russian Puppet
Don't agree w/ Rubio on most everything. But if he stops Tillerson from becoming SS who could call him "little Marco" anymore?
why does Trump consistently defend and admire Putin if he and Tellerson are backing Putin to make money
Trump just said about the confirmations "marco will do what hes told" who does this guy think he is. Stand up
Have courage Marco. This is your opportunity to show courage to a citizenry badly in need of it.
PLS DO THE RIGHT THING HERE !!!!!
YOU WERE RIGHT IN EVERY SINGLE THING YOU SAID ABOUT TRUMP. 
BUT YOU COULD NOT  FIGHT 
thank for standing for country over Party. Great questions of tillerson.  Hoping you follow thru and vote against.
my concern is how much pressure the other will put on you over the next 3 wks to confirm Tellerson
great job interviewing Tellerson his connection to Russia makes me very nervous of where his loyalties are.
waaaaahh! Putin is a war criminal because he destroyed ISIS in Aleppo! Waaaah! You are a jealous pussy, Marco! @realDonaldTrump
Just ask for Biscet release. No need to blast Obama. Makes you look opportunistic & a bit phony. @marcorubio
Castro regime has jailed Cuban dissident Dr. @OscarBiscet. He should be released immediately. Pres Obama’s #Cuba policy failed. #FreeBiscet
Hated your line of questioning 4 Rex T.  It would B stupid 2 further vilify Putin, start his job in the red. Folly!
http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/12/politics/marco-rubio-donald-trump/index.html … Not exactly what you want to be known for .. revengeful.
Plz no repeal of ACA unless relacement in place. No gaps in coverage. Tx
voting against ur own constituents but ranting about foreign citizens. Redeem urself a little don't vote 4 Sessions
meanwhile u voted 2 deny millions ACA ur another white man wanting to legally abuse women. I'm ashamed of u & FL
That new-found respect I had for you after the Tillerson questioning - I just lost it.
Because he want a political prisoner released? Are you mentally well? #freeBiscet
Charming. You need to learn some manners. And Obama comment is 100% correct - Biscet's jailing shows it.
I have very good manners until someone is a smart ass and asks me if I am mentally sound.
You're right, I shouldn't have asked. The answer is obvious. Seek help and good-bye.
Surely you know by now that Obama& his administration rejoice when you decry treatment of jailed dissident;they hate SOFL Cubans
and yet your balking on #Tillerson do you seriously think @Obama has your best interest in mind? @OscarBiscet
so now ur playing tough with Rex
It was a question that was going to get asked. Tillerson answered it well.
Who cares? You voted for killing #Floridians
You suck!
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00026 …
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/us-coalition-civilian-casualties-syria-military-air-strikes-aleppo-amnesty-international-a7380581.html …  #Syria #ObamaWarCrimes #Aleppo #RubioIsObamaWhore #HangRubioHigh
please vote to confirm senator Session and Me. Tillerson
Tell President Trump to reverse Obama on wer foot dry foot
Marco, u've been very loud in trying to stop Tillerson. Ur silent as Obama & Kerry continue their disgraceful last acts #Cubans
@Gab_DLJ @OscarBiscet Tillerson showed diplomacy by hesitating to call Putin  "war criminal" Inappropriate venue
@BayShoreIsHome @OscarBiscet pick up the phone McCain is http://calling.LOL 
have fun with trump he won't do anything either

no Marco President Obama is correct and you are a spoiled child
PLEASE SAY NO TO TILLERSON! WE NEED A SEC OF STATE THAT'S PRO USA, NOT PRO USSR. PLEASE SAY NO SENATOR!
You need to be paying attention 2 what is going on in this country right now.
that was like a five year old telling his parents I'm smarter then you. Please MR. RT out classes you 10 fold.
Dying friend told me u could b great president someday. Ur disgraceful, unfounded attack on Rex Tillerson kills ur chances.Dumb.
what about this? http://wfla.com/2017/01/12/obama-scrapping-wet-foot-dry-foot-policy-for-cubans/ …
Are you still pouting about the election. Very pour display of childishness toward Mr. Tillerson.
ask Obama to fix before he leaves
There is no Obama foreign policy that has succeeded. And why should this be any different?
