Shouldn't you be in a stroller, little Marco?
So, he hugs 1 person. Looks like he can hardly stand to touch them. The man has no heart & cannot relate to anyone. Melania looks bored.
Should we be impressed trump hugged u?  Comtemptible--all three of you. #resist
@realdonaldtrump Plz, I need your help. I live in Apopka FEMA just Denied my Application for #HurricaneIrmaRelief http://goget.fund/2hrLMa2 
YASSS OMG u stay true. 

#classic #politics #handshakehug #withthepresident #nohomo
Why bother to show up - all three of you?  White/tan pants - dressed shirt -Trump in jacket -90 degrees.  NO HELP - JUST PHOTO OP!!
Gracias por ser ese gran ser humano, el que ama a su projimo es parte del remanente del pueblo del Cristo vivo!!
Great photo kissing the butt of the most hated man in the world who humiliated U. Don't even attempt to run for POTUS again.  U are too weak
Can't believe Marco is continuing this farce. Of course Trump would give you a chance at a photo op at the high expense to us..taxpayers!
Enough with the photo op GET TO DCA AND INTRODUCE A TERM LIMIT BILL

Important story that offers a glimpse of flow of US payments to Trump personally. Much remains undisclosed https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/908740135457615873 …
Staging.. instead of tweeting roll up your sleeves and get to work
Please do not support the Graham-Cassidy healthcare #FixACA #ProtectOurCare
WISH he would visit the Virgin Islands. We here so much about FL. What about our other provinces. Please @POTUS help them TOO.
I don't care what they do. They are "fake people". They have no feelings
So, you're proud of that hug from Trump, huh? Guess you should be. We've never seen FLOTUS get one.
Hummm just whre have those hands been??? ewwwww
Rubio go back to Cuba were you belong!RINO
Was that so he could get FEMA to help him fortify Mar a Lago at taxpayer expense?
Did you tell the hurricane victims you plan to destroy their healthcare again you animal?
They had a photo op in Florida. What did the taxpayers spend so ALL of you could have pictures with people who lost everything?

Wow, 45 dissed U on T.V. He announced that he would support another person 4 Senator to replace U & you stood there smiling, I don't get it!
Next yr Sen Nelson has to run, Potus will support challenger, dont b so dumb
No, that D category belongs all 2 U. Own It. Learn to construct a simple sentence. I know its way over your head. POTUS= flip-flopper. #SMH
Was this photo op done while @SenBillNelson was out in the community actually helping people?  #hypocrite. #FakeChristian.
Are you dreaming? Nelson was MIA the whole time, Rubio was alerting Floridians be4 the storm & helping shoulder 2 shoulder after.
Really?? Do you have no pride, Lil Marco? Seriously...
Um,  do you see Rubio hugging him?   No.  His arm is blocking Trump.   Grow up
You're the best Marco, No one better.  We love you. Keep up the hard work. So proud of all your doing for everyone in Fl. Haters stay out
Haters will never quit or give him the credit he deserved
Woop tee doo
great job...
The Bonding  with WE THE PEOPLE
