Your #BLM/#Antifa/#AltLeft buddies planned the ambush of 6 police officers for months. #Trump warned us & you took political cheap shots.
Europe have welcomed this they don't protect borders & Politicians are so PC & afraid they won't protect the citizens
Such optimism #Rinos @GOP
How does it end? By keeping our borders open & no vetting?? Get this done & help support @POTUS -- but u may need to give Soros back?!
Who does this  benefit ?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Aren't you just the voice of hope? Rubio is absolutely no help in unifying our country. Just another racist.
War on terror won't end with defeat of #ISIS in #Iraq & #Syria #BarcelonaTerrorAttack were planned for months https://www.apnews.com/a41805b51c564813b1100e9ee9e50279 …
Did you do anything about?.....
Marco: if you stand with the Democrats on censoring POTUS then you stand against EVERY REPUBLICAN!
When will you condemn the violence and destruction caused by #Antifa? Are you owned by #GeorgeSoros like the #Democrats?
But it's a START SENATOR, and if we don't do it WHO WILL?
Terror is spineless politicians thinking about your careers.
John 1:12-13
But as many as received Him, to them He gave the #right to become #children of #God, to those who believe in [1/2]
So, do what needs to be done. Vett, Vett, and NO OPEN BORDERS !! We need to know who's in our country. #StopGlobalistAgendas
Do you want to make that a miracle? +M
These terror attacks are someones private army on behalf of financial communism?
It would help if there were not No-Go Zones in the USA!
What a joke you are, if you cared about terrorism you would be supporting the president.
Do you support Antifa???!

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
What a simpleton, bearer of doom & gloom, providing  no hope or solutions! Little Marco, entirely empty & void of American capability
Tired of hearing what isn't working or what won't work! Too scared to say what may work for fear of offending and not being re-elected? PLZ!
Such a horrific site...Proud of Your Military...Take no prisoners, Drop them where they stand!

Domestic Terrorists  

His crying voice echoes in our ears till this day. 
Our hearts were with him every single moment until he got to the hospital. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 

Every day in Syria little souls are crushed by Assad's killing machine #Syria 
What about home grown terror on both sides? ANTIFA BLM Quit being distracted by media hype of loser KKK.  SMH...lip service politics!
Very true.... their was has NO boundries
No  queremos que USA se convierta en blanco de terrorista como europa, en Venzuela hay terroristas y solo una invación militar los sacara.

Support the President!!
Dont be a Traitor
What kind a terror, Senator ? You must call it by name. Those are the rules you have insisted upon in public discourse. Remember?
How about this terror group or are you really a leftist.
either their Intel sucks or they say on it.  either way, spain has some splainin' to do .....
Domestic terrorists have killed more Americans than any other group.  Focus on that.
https://www.facebook.com/Remezcla/videos/10155870777444267/ …
Why are you not condemning Maria Chappelle-Nadal
U lost all credibility when you turned traitor,ur getting voted out
What Rubio is saying there is a simple statement of fact. The war isn't over yet. And it isn't.
You're wrong. Rubio's my senator. He's a typical politician. He needs to go get a real job. First he wasn't going to run, then he did.
And you voted for tRump. You weakened our country!
Marco do you condemn BLM ? we know you are a deep state troll. Guess what we love Trump more then http://ever.You  can't stop up.
Why hasn't congress moved to designate all Unite the Right groups as domestic terrorists. What good is Patriot Act & GITMO, if not used now?
The real threat of terror is here at home.  White Suprimists want what ISIS wants, ethnic cleansing and a state of their own!
2/2 Want a plan? Start with.White Nationalists going back on watch list. White/brown; religious or not, terrorism is force by terror, period
1/2 The new normal. Terrorism is fuled by MICE; Money, Ideology, Compromise/coercion, Ego are still the root regardless of origin/religion.
Marco Rubio,quit on other places,your acts of cowardice are prevailing here.We are imperiled from within,rise to the occasion or be sellout!
It will end with deportation of radicals
How would you bring it to an end, Senator?
Are you going to condemn #RadicalIslamicTerrorism? I almost started to like you #LittleMarco but nope. Hope you're voted out! #Trump2020!
Very True .. You know when ?? When USA stops Invading Countires for ther'ir Natatural Resources.. And when PUPPETS like you! grow pair.
Never Again?? Really. Then impeach.
..so you condemn an attack but you won't name the group responsible ..so why does Trump have to, but not you?
if fascism ever comes to America, it will come in the name of liberalism -your conservative hero, Reagan
But if Europe didn't let in Muslims it would end with the defeat of ISIS in Iraq/Syria. This stuff doesn't happen in Poland. #waronterror
As a Pole, I find it fascinating how you look to Poland like its Shangri-la. . . Woops, Shangri-la is probably a little too ethnic 4 u
You are another turn coat  to the President and I'm a Florida res since 1969 . You are trying to set yourself up for 2020 #NOT
If you wipe out their base it will be a good start to wiping them all out. Worry about politics later, wipe them out!!!
So how can we end there terror on our lands. 
Should we except dead innocent people as the norm. Or fight back.
Disuelta la AN en Vnzla .No mas paños calientes y discursitos,accion
The war on terror will always be around until 'hell freezes over.' You need to kill the ideology, but that's a 'cold day in hell' as well.
Corrupt Dems have to be stopped from bringing in millions of ISIS infiltrated radical Sharia Muslims, or USA will look like that every day.
So was the terror attack in Charlottesville that you pretended to condemn
So why are we spending our time in the US attacking each other and doing our best to destroy the best country in the world?
Why do you love Islam so much Rubio? Miss living under totalitarianism 
Thanks, Captain Obvious.  I bet building a WALL will help though! @anncoulter @anntensity
Be a true patriot and name the pres as supporting Nazi terrorism right here in the USA and impeach him its right side of history
We have white supremacist and Nazi terrorism right here at home.  This is where you need to step up
We need to stay prepared for the radical white terrorist in our own back yard.
and Venezuela, ellos practican en VZLA, recuerde el terrorista que disparo allá y que tenia pasaporte Vzolano!
What do you think they are doing in Venezuela Right Now? Planning US terrorism and in the rest of the no communism allies! Do we need more
Been Saying that a long time gee that's a Good Reason to keep them out Senator.
ISIS was defeated first 30days of drumpfs "presidency" .
OK, Marco, what's your plan to defeat Islamic terrorists???
Can't wipe out ISIS by allowing this president to continue threatening the lives of innocent Muslims.
Little Marco supports domestic terrorism group antifa
Marco I do agree with you statement just like the Russian Collusion. ISIS and DemocRAT have same goals.
You don't need to any more.  As long Hillary is no longer in office & power, & McCain less powerful. The terrorist manufacturers are out.
Glad that Spanish police shot & killed some of those ISIS & radical Muslim punks. Police need to shoot terrorists first. Then ask questions.
Spain needs Isabella of Castille back
I see no end
YOU NEED TO DECIDE, STAND WITH AMERICANS & US CONSTITUTION OR LEFTIST COMMUNISM. 
DECIDE.
Marco..until u stand strong behind our @POTUS nothing you say is of any importance 
Domestic terrorists like the one in #Charlottesville kill far more Americans. Where is your outrage about that? This is another deflection.
And you should be supporting our President
We are living in a reactive world, being reactive will never end the evil.
You keep criticising, pointing out negatives, quoting proverbs, etc. When will you get 100% behind Trump and actually get something done?
We wanna hear what u would do. We know Trump is incapable. Quit kissing his rump, @marcorubio. What wld u do?
And White Pride was planned for a month too.
Hey NEVER TRUMPER, get to work, for the people, not your Presidential aspirations......You are the ESTABLISHMENT and Mitt's BOY
Wow!  Those NEO-Nazis and KKK members can move quickly.  What you going to do Marco?
We need to eliminate that Visa waiver program.

So how does it end?
Yes and congresd does nothing for We the People #wolvesinsheepsclothing
Call out the absurdity of using pigs blood. Disgusting statement.
Good,  they should be killing all of them,  they deserve ZERO  justice.
Antifa should be on your list
Its the ideology that needs killed

not many people care what u think LITTLE Marco...except your deep state friends...your donors and your needy base...u lost Fl by 20%
stop first the white nationalist that are our terror group. See the purge become realer every second 45 is in office
#BanIslam. No refugees. Defund refugee resettlement program
"War on terror" needs to focus on DOMESTIC terrorists! Nazis and White Supremacists need to go! #NaziTrump
Peace in Europe is unhinging!


@marcorubio your comments just prove how out of touch you are!

Uhm, are you kidding me?? What's your brilliant plan for dealing with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS then, genius? Coward! #MAGA
Could you please ask trump to resign before he causes more damage to our country
Trump isn't damaging our country, just your mental state. Don't confuse the two. #AltLeft
Mr. Rubio. With due respect, notice what Spain does to plotters who want to harm their country. Best if you join Trump Train.
STAND UP FOR OUR @POTUS. Don't you care about what Americans want? What we voted for? We are sick of the sanctimonious BS
Or here. Can we atleast be united in fighting hatred right here??? Is that too much to ask of our elected officials. DO NOT BE SILENT.
So lets not defeat ISIS and confront terrorists? Please help us and do something. Maybe start by repealing Obamacare. Thank you 
It's time for you to take a stand against Trump and save the Republican Party.
I remember George W Bush once said "you break it you buy it" . He invaded Iraq and broke it and hell got loose. Now try 2 collect the pieces
Strategic mistakes Senator have strategic consequences and the US has played the role of an arsonist in the ME 4 the last 14 yrs ..
Just look Senator 2 what Obama has done in the ME with his soft revolutions in Libya, Egypt, Syria and Yemen & pulled US forces from Iraq !
And not only that , he did his nuclear deal with those lunatics in Iran 2b a nuclear state in few yrs as Bill Clinton did it with NOKO !!!!
MARCO IS A LIBRAL IN A REPUBLICAN DRESS
@SenJohnMcCain That's why USA must take Extreme Measures in Vzla, narcoregime welcomes Hezbollah &other terrorists, it's their safe haven
And the war on terror in the US continues w/#white supremacists, #kkk, #neo-nazis terrorists until 45 calls them out. He should #Resign!


Agreed! The west needs to close our borders are monitor the radicalized individuals within our borders. politicians are to blame for this.

Your George W. Bush really open a can of worms # Iraq


You're a big disappointment Marco
Meanwhile, BACK HOME...
You are such a little disappointment. Que lastima que no tienes valor de dicir la verdad. Trump tiene razon!!
Why can't we catch ISIS? It seems no matter what we do they pop up everywhere ! It is disturbing Praying knowing good can overcome evil
Our thoughts & prayers are w everyone impacted by the tragic event.Times like this-remember to look for the helpers. http://bit.ly/2vInrVP 
Please run again for @POTUS in 2020!
so you no only wrote for #Breitbart you also picked up some tips on using fear to obtain political goals while there.
good
While u sit back n watch @realDonaldTrump n his NAZI brothers domestically attack our own citizens you do NOTHING to STOP IT #urcomplicit
What's your point? 
We haven't been living under a rock. 
Stop the fear-mongering and get back to work.
What should we all do, just bow to Islam now, to be the only solution they want. Bowing to violent religious nut cases is not in my nature.
Co-signing terrorism by not calling it by name won't help it to end either.  "Lone Wolf" and "counter-protestor" labels have to stop.
But....#cnn wondered if it was a copycat of #charlottesvilleterroristattack
No wonder your a Senator....Your brilliant...hahahaha
Link them all back to countries that accept it
FYI.... before you go dumping on Pres Trump again.... he's right about radical left....
A house divided against itself wont stand! Our three branches are hatefully divided. America is falling! Please pass agenda. Focus on peace!
I see how hard you are working to repeal Obamacare. You are betraying the people (like me) who voted for you. Get to work.
I'm sure there are more than 5 suspects out there. Find them, charge them, hold without bond, give them their day in court. Bring justice.
It won't end because keeping the public afraid and relying on the "security" apparatus for protection is just too profitable.
Oh, that's great insight, Marco.  You might be willing to accept it.  Not I.
Tell that to Wolf Blitzer at #CNN
More like years, decades, centuries. You will never beat the indoctrination, we can only fight it. It starts at birth and 32 Suras.
Never heard your voice to condemn democrats craziness and obstruction for this country, beside criticizing trump. Why?
What about the White Supremacists that r terrorizing us here? How r u going to protect us from them?
What about the black supremacists that are terrorizing us here?
"I hope they kill all the white babies" 
Your mate Donald had a plan remember a bigly secret one on how to destroy Isis. 39 days he was going to do it in 30 days.
So was the one in #Charlottesville.
We Have our Own Terrorist in America and that is @realDonaldTrump. It's Time to Stop this insanity #25thAmendmentNow #impeachtrump
there is nazi terror here sanctioned by @realDonaldTrump .  DISAVOW HIM
Chicken Hawk that wants binary choice of denouncing Nazis but accepting ANTIFA. Run off Nazis to end up with East Berlin? Trump is right.
A nazi confederate terrorist killed Heather Here in the US. Isis doesn't need to come here, we already have the GOP.
War on terror cannot be won with violence needs be won with education example Japan Germany Americans lives over four generations with them

LOVE THIS!
I got it from #DemForce .@HoneyDemForce #ResistRaise
Solution is so easy for defeat #Isis 

https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/898282774401925120 … #Barcelona @realDonaldTrump
Wanna make the world a safer place? Stop supporting and arming Saudi Arabia which empowers religious fascists like ISIS globally. #Barcelona
Chamo eliminaron la Asamblea Nacional en mi país #Venezuela.
And if you dismissed,  Venezuela sooner or later...really near from home.
Draining the swamp of politicians like you I think will take some time yet
So much for a strong positive attitude!!
Getting rid of the Insiders in Washington is taken about 70 years and we still have to keep fighting at The Ballot Box
