#wednesdaywisdom
.Sad that liberals support this ideology, in which this so called religion wants to destroy anyone who isn't like them #PresidentTrump #MAGA 
What the hell are you doing about Russia's silent coup of our country? You GOP cowards let this happen and not investigating.
THIS @Ralfoo7 is really a closet antisemite.. The tactic is to deflect from pro Jewish action by @marcorubio
Ask your fuhrer Trump why his Govt took White supremacist groups out of priority list of domestic terror groups in DOJ list?
get bent
antisemites in the Senate actually signed? Don't be fooled. YOU are a great American. THANKS
What a stupid POS..All you do is call everyone antisemite including Jewish people. You are stupid or a antisemitic putinbot
who cares about Russia? They are teenagers from way back when. The news is Americans along the same line like FDR democrat Muslims.
now deal with that Manchurian puppet you call a president.
you are another closet antisemite democrat. Tactic: deflect
im actually Jewish, fucko.
what a shame
That's wonderful, but for this state of FL can we recognize transgender violence as hate crimes? I noticed we don't have a law
For that. I voted for you so I would greatly appreciate it sir.
Thank you for taking this action.
Thanks. Now intervene similarly for others being targeted, including Muslim, Black, LGBTQ communities. https://jewschool.com/2017/03/78839/78839/ …
can't give him any damn credit can you you sleazy Liberal
#wednesdaywisdom #Fueleconomy
"And one day, I realized that my prophet was immoral."
Mona, Somalian #ExMuslim 
Thank you, Marco #Jewish #JCC
He is like a child trying to draw attention to himself while doing nothing.
stop signing letters and find the criminals and have them arrested.
by the way, #russiagate #taxes #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #Trumpcare - WE are paying for that ORANGE FOOL to vacay here every wkend!
yet @realDonaldTrump hasn't done ANYTHING! How many Jewish temples/cemetaries had to be vandalized b4 you did something anyway?
looking for attaboys for doing something you're suppose to do! It sounds like even you're surprise all 100 signed.
Investigate Russia & get rid of the orange 1. Thank you 4 supporting Jews but the hate that came from yr administrator caused it
The 'orange one' IS OUR @POTUS!  He won and we like what he's accomplishing.
Guess so. Aren't you proud of him? So respected in world. Working  2 make freedom ring. U must not understand consequences.
What a joke. YES I am proud of America's @POTUS He's better than the
Liar-in-Chief we had for 8 agonizing years.
He is a joke. A very dangerous 1. You really want Russia in yr backyard? I hope u have long term care cuz Medicaid's over.
Typical un-liberated Liberal. Russia is already here. Remember Boston under Obama and FBI Comey. Obvious the jokes on you.
All theBoomers have learning probs from all the lead in the gas when they were young.Heavy metals on their brains
What the blip do you mean by that?  Perhaps you ate paint as a kid.
how about anti-woman legislation? How about protecting the poor and women?  How about about anti-Muslim EOs?
like the ones that toss gays off buildings and cut off heads?
that's what background checks are for. We have our own crazy fundamentalists in this country too. Do you want to be judged by McVeigh?
McVeigh was a self proclaimed agnostic

German Chancellor Merkel calls for ban on full-face veils. #SpecialReport 
let's see if you work as hard against abuse to Hispanics from your party!
Talk's cheap. Let us know when you plan to actually do something.
thank you, Senator. This is one thing we agree on. Now stand up for the working poor and kill Trumpcare.
we had a Mosque set on fire in #tampa. It would be GREAT if you publicly denounced this, came here for a visit in support, ACT!
#wednesdaywisdom
"Nothing demeans and dehumanizes women more than islamic law. Beware of its advocates disguised as feminists."
Ayaan, Dutch-Somali #ExMuslim 
thank you. Will u also stand up for the Hispanic dreamers? Dems wouldnt  fix immigration, what about repubs?
A step in the right direction!

Can we also support our Indian & Muslim communities torn apart by recent hate crimes?
well damn! Thats good of ya! Going bye bye!
COWARD COWARD COWARD
even if some activist when to the town hall meetings,you have the responsibility to go for the ones who are not, coward
#WhereIsTrump on this issue? SAD
What is Anti-semetic....Racism against a Jew?
oops...semitic
Whats a Goyum?
well Marco never mind. President Bannon is in charge not you bafoons.
wow you all really stuck your necks out for that one #bfd
Thank you. Let's make sure ALL Americans feel as equally protected by Congress.
Now @marcorubio if only you were willing to put country before party too, we'd be in a much better place. Demand #TrumpTaxReturns
All 100 #Senators?
Yes.
Hail @SenGaryPeters @MarcoRubio @SenBillNelson @SenRobPortman

http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/322715-all-100-senators-demanding-action-on-jcc-bomb-threats#.WL9xXdPvUUk.twitter …
#JCC
#50statesagainsthate
now can you sign up to help Americans and vote against the #AHCA
How many will lose health coverage in Florida when you for Trump Scare Healthcare?
Great Senators need to work w/President Trump WHOM WE THE PEOPLE put in office to get America back to GREATEST Country in world!
geez, did you break a sweat with all that " work"?
Well, I should hope so.  This one should be a no-brainer.  How's that Russia investigation coming?
we will be very pleased to see all repubs in prison for treason.
so glad you're still in the Senate, you were my choice for president
taking a brace stand fighting ant-semitism. Don't see you doing this for Muslims.
Thanks for this.   The president not speaking out about these current hate crimes is SAD.
good start. Now our leaders need to lead by example. Being inclusive to all groups (not just base) is a great start.
Then don't whine when they enforce laws and policies.
Hey dawg... you gonna support Obamacare lite? I truly hope not. Do you! Even if it costs u... b U! #ImmigrationReform #NoACALite
Thank you for standing up for Jews! You are someone we can count on.
kind of had to sign.  Get rid of Bannon and Miller (Jew haters).  Investigate Azerbaijan!  POTUS dealing illegal and SAD, BAAAAD
That's Fantastic news.
Do u like cleaning up after ur reckless dictator like the Rs did with McCarthy? They even have the same mentor for God's sake 
can you now sign for Trumps tax returns
I hope all senators vote no on age tax.
marco rubio i met you at the state house i  was disabled in wheel chair,,i wish you did not support trump, but you are the
Anti-Christian threats? How about us?
unfortunately it's @potus 's behavior that is encouraging this stuff.  Rein him in!!!
To make this meaningful will you join @SenSchumer to ask Keith Ellison and Steven Bannon to leave your respective parties?
keep the pressure on!
Finally you did something to protect a minority religion! Stand up to protect us from the lies the president continues to spew.
maybe your president will sign it? Doubtful, SAD.
guess the bar is pretty low when you need to a) do this in the first place and b) get excited about it.
I would hope so.
Yeah!  Now, can we work on other things as a group?!  Please?!
How brave of the Republicans. This in spite of the very real risk of pissing off their base ( Klan, Nazis, White Supremacists).
very good, but you need to get TRUMPS TAXES! #Russia
Health care for all! It's a right#IvoteFL2020
Signing that is a no brainer Senator...
lots of reasons we appreciate and wanted you as our Senator- just another one - thanks for all you do !!!
We all agree. But really, what does this do? It should happen without need for letter. You need to focus on what voters voted 4!
You know what would really help?  Not having a racist, white supremacist as chief strategist to POTUS and sitting on NSC.
You ALL signed a LETTER! Good for you! How about you ALL proceed with the 25 th Amendment! POTUS 45 is at fault here! Weak!
I am shocked the @TheDemocrats stepped up to the plate.
Don't let this health care go forward it will screw so many America family's ! Please think before you heart so many !!
don't you think something is wrong with the Senate having to sign such a letter?  You @marcorubio endorsed @realDonaldTrump
Lip service - Walk the talk!
What can you do to help seniors needing Medicare?
now go get them to stop Muslim threats.
although this is really important. Let's get going on tax reform and healthcare that effects every American. Thanks!
what about anti-immigrant, Muslim and other racist acts that have been on the rise?
Your President allowed the hate starting back with his campaign
what about healthcare? Instead of letter writing please do your job and address the issues of ALL Americans
it's sad that a letter is even needed.
Didn't U read the news? Black unemployed leftist harassed the synagogs. Write a letter against leftist.
especially since your disgusting leader and party is insiring those threats
another attempt to praise your side while the orange elephant in the room encourag ing this kind of crap gets away. @POTUS
You shouldn't be pleased you all behaved with basic humanity. You should have written, "OF COURSE we all signed it." #GetSerious
Let's sign one to find out what Trump knew and when about #Trumprussia collusion to destroy integrity of American elections
hey marco after u get rid of obamacare u better come home to explain replacement or we are gng 2 organize
Make probe of Russian ties a priority- he's hiding something there & in tax returns and you know it. You're complicit if quiet.
Investigate Russia!  Stand tall for what is right!
Brave enough to hold a town hall meeting yet?  Still hiding?
are you Pleased about shirking town halls?
now get rid of BullShitler
finally you say something that makes sense, which is rare
Agreed, this was needed and a good step. Now what about 45's taxes? What about Russia's interference in our election?
Now maybe all 100 of you could demand action on the #Trumprussia threat.  Quit hiding and do something for the country, coward.
Finally some bipartisan action
hopefully this anti-semitism ladder as a beginning of unity
great move however what about Crooked Donnie and the contacts with Russia. Do your job!
yes this is a very encouraging show of bipartisanship at a critical time. More working 2getgr & moving 2 ctr pls
this Jew is much more worried about her Muslim neighbors. Is anyone going to commit to their protection?
not good enough I'm afraid--get rid of the bumbling fool who instigated the hate crimes before he destroys our once great nation
how bout fed law demanding action in corrupt Trump corporation and his administration.
seriously. We need a federal law on this?  Isn't it kinda a given.




sorry but the orange anus created this mess & you support him. Demand he show his taxes & this anti Semitic stuff goes away.
yes a hard stance to take ... cmon man! Get in there and MAGA!
Let's get to bottom of Russia connection. Protect Democracy! A concerned Republican
So basically more symbolism over substance. "Letters" are not your job. Get to WORK, Marco.
good little Marco. U passed a law now hold a town hall so we can all congratulate u amdnget answers to our pressing qiestions
How about 100 senators getting ahold of his tax returns. Weren't you a supporter of this during the campaign? #TrumpRussia
we would like to see you In the Florida Keys for a town hall. When can we expect that day to come????
amen
and what about gangs, prostitution and burglary in Florida.?
thank you
you can fix it by getting rid of that racist POTUS!
Great, you signed a letter. But you still back a white nationalist administration that acts against the interests of minorities.
like this was a hard vote Rubio
we know you'll always vote least path of resistance, you are as courageous as a little squirming worm..you are done, man up
@wlg_ord A little too little too late. You are a coward and traitor just like the rest of the @GOP. #Indivisible #theresistance
what is your comment about Russia thing??? Hypocrisy?
just like a politician, sign a letter, pretend it's doing something.#alltalk
Nice, but why would law enforcement need a letter from the U.S. Senate to do their job?
How about anti-Islamic threats?  Or maybe anti-Immigrant threats?  No? The @GOP thinks that those threats are fine?
now get signatures for Trump tax returns- but first knock down Trumps fake accusations about Obama- then Russia investigate!
Good, do something about the RUSSIAN INSURGENT THAT'S in the WH DON'T let that UNQUALIFIED Conman give MURDERING Putin the U.S.
Rubio you are a waste for the taxpayer totally useless for America.
Silence is complicity
you going to sign one ending the war on vets seniors and the poor? The ACA replacement is Ryan's ultimate death list.
how about the people who are actually killed (in kansas) and the rising number of hate crimes against humans and not tombstones?
now demand that we get a proper investigation into Russian ties and save healthcare #INVESTIGATETRUMPNOW #SaveACA #NoBanNoWall
Why not all threats and crimes by white supremacists against Muslims, Blacks, POC and Jews?  White Supremacists are terrorists.
Good work. Any chance of getting @POTUS on board, too?
did they put a ACA type of rider on it.
addressed to Bannon?
this is Obama and his thugs!
PLEASE DEMAND a Special Prosecutor!!!!
Now since u all have proven u can sign ur names, how about signing up to appoint special prosecutor to investigate Trump/Putin??
You guys are all talk
Wonderful! Praying for justice.
what about the letter about banning muslims?
what about those protestors that tear up property?
that's nice and I support your position but you need to get Trump out. He is crazy and you know it
When are you going to admit Trump is no well!
nice to see you stand up for something (for a change).
did someone have to force Keith Ellison to sign?
you know damn well these are virtually all hoaxes Marco
Real easy to sign a letter. When R U going to actually do something? You run your mouth, but  vote how McConnell directs you.
finally something you can all agree on-  All this racism is a direct result of Trump's own bullying and racism. Demand action.
@LouiseMensch Somthing's wrong if US Senate has to DEMAND fed law enforcement act on anti-Semitic threats.
.@marcorubio you're growing on me.
One thing we can agree on. Good job. Not keep the pressure on Trump.
@coinabs action initiated with the "Muslim" ban.
@SenRubioPress step 1 in becoming a decent person. Now let's see you stand up to the Muslim ban and the wall.
.@marcorubio @LouiseMensch yeah. Would have been embarrassing with Sessions still in there and sitting that one out.
Arson at a Tampa, FL mosque and you still have said nothing! Where is your letter for that? Where is your acknowledgement?
RUBIO. RUBIO. RUBIO THAT IS ME. TOO.. .LATINO ..RIGHT. DONT BE AFRAID
how about #Trumprussia ? Lets get to the bottom of this so that we can all go to work.
Now won't you all demand truth from the White House #IndependentInvestigation #trumprussia.
@LouiseMensch mazel tov. 
I just don't even understand why it has to come to this, it should automatically be addressed by any administration
what about something to demand Trump's tax return? And investigation into this whole Russia thing.
@LouiseMensch That's great but do you see anything normal about having to sign & send 'a letter'? 

What about the #traitors?
U da man!
so what now the threats that have always been there matter because you want to look important
@LouiseMensch You should be ashamed that you brown nose a POTUS who has to be begged to do the honorable and right thing.
@SenRubioPress Support our Pres. Jobs,border wall,tax changes,de-regs, energy independence,debunk climate change, no sanctuary
too little too late.
Wow some actually came to work!
Too bad the asses in the @WhiteHouse encourage anti-Semitic behavior 
#you'vebeentrumped
TY.Please cont. to stand up for those GOP not on extreme Rt.Stay on #RussiaTrump. #IndependentInvestigation.25thAm would b kind.
Oh there you are! Who found you? Town hall?
Pidamos apoyo internacional y humanitario para los Venezolanos que se van a otros países. Caso Panamá USA
coward
@AltDept_of_VA Gold star today buddy. You showed up for work.
best work he's done in a while.
@LouiseMensch did u run that by #PresidentBannon
@AltDept_of_VA thank you for doing that! I look forward to seeing more letters about all the hate crimes against other groups
Awesome. Thank you.
The Senate's effort to clean up after  Trump's overt and covert approval of racism and bigotry is no reason to be proud.
