Will you be investigating leaks? Obama shadow govt? Iran deal? George Soros? Hillary emails? Obama ISIS support? Obama Russia?
8 yrs of disintegration of our govt by both sides needs to stop now.
#TurnOffFoxNews
Tell me, what was actually accomplished in past 8 yrs? How are you better off?
How are you worse off?
How are you better off?
I told you. Better economy, low gas prices. I sleep better knowing bin laden is shark shit. TY obama
the highest problem is where are the leaks,you need to find them and put them where they belong, then probe
The highest problem is not the leaks. The highest problem is the behavior. Leaks just intensify.
to Congress or the President then go through the due process. Not the idiot MSM
Think about what you are saying. If the behavior is traitorous, we need the press to uncover it.
no that's not what I am saying. Agency should have brought it to the proper authority.
Yes, they should have. But, leaks are not the highest problem. You are being sold that idea.
I see them just as guilty if not more.
Think carefully. That's what the conservative popular news wants you to believe. Leaks are bad but
Marco! 
Marco when R u going after Obama 4 illegally funding Iran w billions of tax payers money do ur job
Those were their frozen assets NOT taxpayer money. Stop watching FoxNewz

BHO & "secret payments to Iran"
$2 billion incentive package 4 American hostages"  -►Iran warns Trump
http://freebeacon.com/national-security/iran-warns-trump-disclosing-secret-iran-deal-documents/ ……
#Irangate-
1991,  literally 17 years before Obama took office
All you have to do is open the document and read the dossier. All 37 pages of it.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/mobilebasic …
Michael Flynn took a forty-thousand-dollar fee from the Russian propaganda station RThttp://nyer.cm/oJKDsWg
you helped cause this.
the voters are watching: will you eat your own or unite? Senator McCain and his ilk would rather POTUS fail
You will never be President when you cant stand up and fight for your party.
Are you sure DEMS want to open the Pandoras box??
bipartisan my as_
I agree with Olbermann - https://mobile.twitter.com/KeithOlbermann/status/836380581206294529/video/1 …
you are too frickin scared to have a town hall so how can you claim  integrity in this investigation? Not!
Bipartisanship is NOT doable with GOP traitors. You should be ashamed of how you caved to this fascist
Wait. Why are you scheduled to have dinner with traitor @realDonaldTrump today? Do the right thing. #impeach
Investigate crooked Donald
I don't think so.  Crooked Obama!!
obama is no longer president. Funny how trump supporters forget that.
you are right but lame ducks dont usually pick a fight on their way out
well stated!!!
How did u get on "Intel" committee?? Shouldn’t that require intelligence? UR a coward of a man Rubio. #WeThePeople will remember
OBAMA COMMITTED TREASON, GAVE MONEY TO IRAN, & U ARE INVESTIGATING TRUMP???
azz
So happy! NOT. What a waste of time and money. Are you a Republican or Democrat? I can't tell anymore.
your intel committee is dirty! All about Treason & Perjury!
AG Sessions must recuse himself from any investigations as he was involved with the campaign and CANNOT be impartial.
#IndependentInvestigation #WhatisGOPHiding #KremlinKlan

http://ln.is/www.msnbc.com/all-in/78kcr …
forget it dry hole
this probe is ridiculous regarding our President or Flynn.
quit railroading Flynn. Bunch of crap!
I'm noticing a trend with promises of investigations that don't actually happen.
you're irrelevant. Get out of politics and out of my state
@SenRubioPress @washingtonpost Talking it over with trump tonight?  Now makes sense for dinner invite.Ur longer believable
ADD THIS TO INVESTIGATION OF #TRUMPRUSSIA
Trump campaign mngr, son,& son in law met w Russian lawyer CONFIRMING RUSSIAN COLLUSION W TRUMP
Thank you, Marco. I agree with that decision.
@funder did all the work for you now #DoYourJob 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/mobilebasic …
You can add Trump and Pence to that probe, as well as any Republican who tries to cover this up. #Treason @washingtonpost
@Fenwaynine @washingtonpost waste of time.
Also, consider whether it is good that U.S. intelligence agents are leaking information to the media.
Probably not good, but thankfully they're doing it. Leaks led to ouster of Nixon, right?
maybe you should review how the watergate buglers were apprehended + Nixon resigned @davidwmueller @marcorubio
then, as now, law enforcement agencies became aware before leaks. Ultimately, they uphold the law.
that was not what happened at the Watergate building the night when the break-in occurred @davidwmueller @marcorubio
Law enforcement busted the guys. The Feds then got involved and that's when leaks to WaPo started.
Not to be argumentative but it was a security guard who observed the door lock had been taped over @davidwmueller @marcorubio
could you add the to the investigation as well? https://youtu.be/XsFR8DbSRQE 

Not going to work Americans will not buy any bullshit establishment congress throw up. We don't trust any of you
agreed! Wish liberals thought this way during the Obama days
Good. We need to know why #BenedictDonald had so much contact with Russia.
did you call reporters for the White House and tell them there's nothing to the Russian connection?
Go for it // get to the bottom of Russia hacking
the world will be watching ,Mr. Rubio.
little Marco coward, we the people don't trust what you say.
Didnt you just have dinner with Trump at the white house , I'm sure he gave you a heads up about this , Sure you'll ignore facts
bunch of cowards
Trump Russia Putin not only mingled in our Elections but worse is that Our Sovereignty was challenged help Trump
Update, Sen. Rubio? Where are we? We The People didn't vote for President Bannon. 45 unfit. #RiseUp #persist #resist
Will Sessions recuse himself???
Give an undertaking to make your findings and report public.
check clinton and her people if you want to find crimes with Russia and uranium and other things
You will step aside and let an independent council investigate while demanding tax returns released.
Liar.
get him under oath.
in other words you will do nothing but cover up
Quit talking and start acting.
Do your town hall meetings, grow some COJONES & do your job.We don't want the likes of you in France or Germany, STAY AWAY.
You also need to reregister as a Democrat. You side with their values more than you do the Republicans.
Yeah what exactly does that mean?  More Lip service.  We want to know who is on this committee.  You work for us, like it or not
Spend more effort in making Florida and Our Country Great Again for All!!
- BLOOD ON ALL OF YOUR HANDS!
where are the calls to lock him up. This is a treasonous crime committed. Do your job. Stand up for the voters.
if not, just go home and return all the money we pay for you to be there
Marco, are you guys really going to do something or you are just saying what you think we want to hear
haha. The "Flynn situation" way to downplay treason.
forget it get on with more important things,like ACA!
little Marco
Well Senator @marcorubio it's about time.
@LindaCollins11
pretty slow to realizing this-doesn't build confidence.
Gosh what if it's connected to DC dirty laundry??
don't let trump bully you little Marco!
we'll see or keep sweeping your party's Pick and cabinet treason under the rug
not hearing anything your doing... would like to see some progress please
Waste of time and money unless you focus on finding the illegal leakers and putting them in jail.
Trump's misplaced outrage. We don't blame shopkeeper for "leaking" info to police about a robbery
tool
Time to get to the top of this love affair with Putan.....
Take LEADERSHIP, have COURAGE, be PATRIOTIC: the investigation of trump's threat to AMERICA must be independent, never POLITICAL
I hope so. Trump is stacking the deck so Flynn won't get charged & prosecuted like he should.
Marco don't blow smoke up our asses. .U know that we have Russian spies in the WH. Don't sweep under the rug
it needs to be an independent commission. To clear everyone & remove suspicion, make it independent.
I'm saving this tweet - I look forward to a honest and deep investigation. Thank you, A Constituent
No Marco We want an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION not a bipartisan probe that goes no where #TheResistance
You already know what the Dems want--his hide and Trump's too.
how about working to make America great.  Rather than all of this turmoil and conflict.
Front and center should be the leaks if you are an impartial arbiter and not just playing gotcha with DT.
@waltb31 @washingtonpost Not sure you can be trusted to do that. Need an idependent prosecutor. Interference in election serious
look at your voters little Marco I bet they don't support your hearings
bet they do
@TAPSTRIMEDIA @washingtonpost Rubio, I supported you. Make me proud and get rid of the pretender.
@TAPSTRIMEDIA @washingtonpost
I did not think Senators fall for Fake News. It is sad that some think President Trump need defense against Fake News?
@valdi2u
America is watching your honesty.
When are you going to investigate Clinton signing over 20% of OUR uranium to Russia for $145K donation to Fndtn?
Hello! 9 government agencies approved this, not just Clinton! Stop that crap!
Egg alert. Let's make omelets!
Well that will go no where for sure. How can you continue to help Trump coverup. Sad I'm a Republican.
putting all politics' aside encourage your fellow senator's the importance of this investigation.USA could face security fail
That's so encouraging, Senator Rubio. We have to set aside our party politics to protect our country.
I will believe it when I see it. Comey must be fired.
President Trump DOESNT LIE TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE  YOU DO LITTLE MARCO HAVE SOME RESPECT FOR OUR PRESIDENT
- do your duty on this committee and investigate Russia/Trump/Administration ties. A constituent
I really hope your dinner with 45 doesn't mean you will go the way of @jasoninthehouse Please - help the USA!
When your spine is up to it, bring DJT into view and prepare for a really BIG story!  Or you could write fiction for a living.
I can help you solve this issue right now.
You'll never be a respected leader until you lead us out of Trumpland.
Strap on a pair & DO YOUR JOB!
@ReSister2016 @washingtonpost Hopefully you'll fight for our nation & not cave like when you voted for Tillerson #SpinelessGOP
Words are just words!! Get the fuck on it!!
Thank you, Senator Rubio!
you need to insist on special prosecutor or public will have no faith in your findings.
Thank you.  This is important.
Might want to tip off @jasoninthehouse  that this is the sort of thing serious reps of the people do.
Hopefully you will be pressed by the media Trump hates and you will have to do your job. Impeach
what are you waiting for??
You should add Trump to that probe and stop playing games! This is country before party!
Rubio will not because like his GOP buddies he does not have the balls 2 do so
Gracias.Finally assurance that American people will get to know even if DTh
it's imperative to do so.  Our country is at stake
@Jackie_Blue_CA 

Make sure you keep your bosses Soros and Obama updated, or do they update you?
we demand an Independent Bipartisan investigation immediately! Out national security, our democracy is at stake
We used to hang traitors.
@jasoninthehouse you should get the house involved they are refusing to investigate Russian ties to the @POTUS
"Of which I am a member." And many disagree. Independent Special Committee, please. Independent Prosecutor.
what will you say when human caused climate change encroaches substantially on valuable property along the coast of your state?
what can we expect from you? More party line support?
Thank you!
get on this
yes Lil marco you are a poor representative for your constituents.
thank you for this.
Marco,  I have no issue with investing, focus should be on Hillary.
please hold Trump accountable for his unethical actions
You better look into presidential connection because it's there and u know it.
Thank you for investigating this. Country before party. Wish you would've won the contest. Keep fighting!
will you be holding a town hall soon?
I am a democrat who voted for you and I expect you to do what is right for the country- investigation this fully
About Damn time. Hope you don't let politics (or your career)get in the way of investigation. 
Wait, who am I kidding?
@tempteststorm2 watching the Republican like sharks after chum in the water. A relationship with   &  worth a try or  War 3
@tempteststorm2 General Flynn was the first victim of the gators and rats in the swamp.
@tempteststorm2 Sen McCain, Graham and it seems you just don't get it. Donald J Trump is Pres & the forgotten now have a voice.
@tempteststorm2 wasting time. We the People want our agenda. Jobs, Vets,military, terrorism, tax cuts, inner cities, CABINET
be a patriot and investigate not only Flynn, but also @POTUS and his connections with Putin
uand the rest of the GOP approved TRUMPs Cabinet . YOU n your group  r part of the  problem  in DC. Will  not forget
why. He did nothing wrong
Thank you! @POTUS hijacked the nation. Sad day when our intelligence has to protect us from our government
good start. no on Pruitt or push to wait until emails. Wouldn't want corrupt guy running EPA
that's such bs. You don't have the character to do the right thing #little marco
@pkcapitol Lock him up!
I think the president answered those questions let's focus on jobs in the economy for a change
Put country ABOVE party! We deserve more than a follower. Be a leader. USA 1st followed by FLORIDA not the GOP
Thank you Senator.  I hope it is as much about the leakers as it will be about what was leaked.
How's the probe going? Ask any tough questions?
@pkcapitol Will you really, though?  Anxiously awaiting...
#KremlinKlan #WhatisGOPHiding Leadership implicated, so no,  we want #IndependentInvestigation 
http://m.dailykos.com/story/2016/12/10/1609468/-McConnell-gave-Russia-the-green-light-refused-to-sign-on-to-protecting-election …
Pull your head out Marco!
it's what Americans expect - hope you all had a good dinner with trumps - you have disappointed for sure.
Then explain why if Flynn lied to F.B.I. which is a felony, why will there not be any charges
Traitor Rubio.
need a Full Senate Investigation on this! Separate Special Prosecutor ! Sessions must recuse!
You and your buddies McCain and Graham. Witch hunting
and you better investigate trump.
This is bigger than just Flynn. And, today we learned he lied to the FBI. Why lie if nothing inappropriate was discussed?
hopeful you will be truthful and honest even after dinner with Pres.
Russia's interference in the election and the situation with Flynn has to be investigated. It smells to high heaven.
the GOPs in Trump's pocket, how can we trust any of u 2 do whats right. You seem to go to the highest bid #devos
independent investigation!
@Dr_of_Nursing @washingtonpost We are counting on you...
at this point you cannot promise anything, you had dinner at WH and he chose a hispanic for Labor Dept something went on!
@JimmyA_Shook1s @washingtonpost Independent Special Committee! Session recuses or it's a Fix!
Add Trump and Tillerson, too, to be thorough.
This needs to be of the highest priority
I'm more concerned about, who in the Intelligence Community, is LEAKING classified info! Not the Russian ruse!
Good. We want independent investigation for truth, not more lies & coverups. We will know. Better do right by us
GOP and DEM pledges like southern honor and confederate money
I doubt the republicans even care.
When ?
please and thank you. I may not agree with your policies but I thank you for doing the right thing for us in FL.
seriously hello?!?! Swamp draining needs to include most of GOP obviously also.
