I hope our prayers are answered, praying along with you friend 
lol it's called karma. Remember Iraq #warcrimes #falseflag #911
We unequivocally love you, President Bush Sr  
Our hearts & prayers are with you, & our country misses you too!
$ if U had REAL concern 4 other seniors U would oppose any changes to SocSec that R merely partisan. No vouchers! No raising age
Bush ill tweet. Yes?
Yes. The $ should have been & to show that he doesn't care for all seniors.
Rubio trying to keep program from going bankrupt. No partisanship involved. I'm done. This tweet was from MR to GB!
Bullshit on the bankruptcy claim. I'm one of Rubio's constituents & will call him out as I please.
In Iraq, they killed innocent  women and  children !! And in Saudi Arabia  they are demanding the rights of women
Keep us all in your prayers, your party gives Donald Trump the nuclear codes tomorrow #antiChrist #FalseTrumpetConcealingMadness
#IfIOnlyHadABrain
and wishes for rest, healing love, and a rapid recovery for Barbara also!!
You should be supporting our new president instead of tearing his cabinet up. Your actions will never elect you as president
praying for healing!
The Percentage of Illegitimate children in America is much larger than the muslims countries Because of women's rights Misses
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country
Are you going for 46?!
Vote NO to confirm Tillerson. Investigate Trump/Russia links. http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/article127231799.html …
@GWBLibrary all our best for a speedy recovery!
@Geogebush #GodcanthearyouRubiosheispissed
Absolutely!
In Iraq, You killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women !!
STOP Betsy DeVos from becoming Secretary of Education. U know how hard the MDCPS teachers/administrators work. She'llend it
In Iraq, You killed innocent women and  children !! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women!!
wish u were pres maybe next time 
In Iraq, they killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  they are demanding the rights of women !!
yaaay Mr Bush Houston Loves You
You should take your own advise! Your just another paid off weak hack!

biggest Drug dealer ever.
Praying for one of my favorite Presidents of all time! Please get well soon and Barbara too!
we hope Trump sobers down his otherwise offensive language . he must always remember that Hilary got more votes!
talking about how many women killed by America in iraq is more important than saudi women  ,oh hypocrite
he a old man time is up save tax payer money pull the pin lol

I hope he succumbs, JFK murdering piece of Globalist shit. I cant believe u thought u had chance at POTUS, traitor
Keeping him in my prayers too!!! #StayStrong41
I pray  for the speedy  recovery  of President  George  HW Bush  and Mrs  Barbara  Bush. God  bless
keep the notion of lower taxes in your prayers,
Marco FYI Exxon has 63 million acres untapped in Russia due to Sanctions. Be careful when  voting for Rex
Above all else he is someone's father. Someone's husband. Get well Mr.President.
Marco you're the man!
Well said! I'm in DC Thurs/Fri any chance I can meet the senator? I'm a teacher in Chicago taking my students! Five minutes?

@ReaganBattalion @GeorgeHWBush can always tell a trumpster by their class and Christian behavior
Ask Donald Trump why he doesn't pay his taxes?
amen
your prayers are too small, little Marco!
one globalist going down now for the clintons
@pashbrooke @GeorgeHWBush First things first, Marco,  confirm Tillerson. Then we can talk abt how much you love Bush
I'm praying for him as well
sending prayers for a quick recovery.
No He won't...
@subedew @GeorgeHWBush We are praying God be with him
@briannagroce17 @GeorgeHWBush Prayers for 41 and all of the Bush family.
In Jesus' name, Amen 
Marco the RINO.
two favorite guys 
#Prayes are with you President Bush for a speedy recovery

this should be the top story in politics and I'm a dem! The health of 41 is more important than all this drama.
. My prayer are with him and the family.
How's he feeling?
MARKITO!! Get Educated!! Unless you too have sold out to the FRDERAL RESERVE CRIME FAMILY ENSLAVERS!! #nba
Ask ya boyn bout "Operation Zapata" or "Northwoods"? Wet foot/dry foot MY ASS! DEY TOOK CUBA! Den ran drugs! there
Will TILLERSON do for EXXON what CHANEY DID for HALIBURTON?
Not interested.
How convenient CIA missed Fidel 638x but got JFK ON 1 TRY! Did dey need Fidel 2 protect Rock oil fields in Angola?
Yo "Markito" ask ur friend Y CFR-TRAINED (1947NYC) Fidel was allowed 2 destroy CUBA? Ask how CIA could "miss" 638X
I am NOT LEFTIST/Communist but the profiteering and destabilizing the CIA has done under his watch IS deplorable!!
Unless he "knows what's best" from nefarious "intel" or Aliens, this guy=CIA/CFR FRAUD!! History will show it!
Vote NOOOO to guns in schools!
Although I foolishly voted for him TWICE (& son TWICE!) he is a bitter disappointment in being a puppet of CFR!
Da guy was in front School Depository Building when dat "Bay of Pigs thing" happened & he's protected CFR SINCE!
A true gentleman of the old school.
God bless
all the kids from irak are praying for you!! Good luck
Praying for speedy recovery 
Vote to confirm Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State, little Marco.
Wrong place 4 your tweet. This about Bush illness. Wiz
mr. Rubio are you going to the inauguration
I heard he is. But what does this have to do with Bush illiness?
sorry it was a question but now we all know he doesn't operate his own Twitter account
yes we all hope so .
