President Maduro invites @marcorubio to visit Venezuela. "We can walk the streets together", he says.
Cuando veo este Mega #Fraude por el Narco Dictador Comunista Nicolas Maduro  recuerdo las palabras de Trump
O SEA !
I look forward to the day you are out of office and the day we remove our  sexual  predator president
La tragedia que vive el pueblo, por el hambre,la falta de medicinas,estos delincuentes cada dia hacen peligrar mâs la paz de la region,con
No Jesus quotes today?
He fires up the proverbs first thing in the morning usually. Set mobile notifications so you can oust him flaunting 1A violations 
El terrorismo,narco, todas las lacras que estan dejando entrar al pais de rusia,china,guerrilla,narco,basta esto tiene que parar.

Marcos yo no se que factible sea una intervención militar en Venzuela,lo que si se es que es nesesaria,ya esto no se aguanta,ademâs de
parece que a los corruptos socialistas venezolanos no les afecta ninguna sanción y siguen su plan de destrucción de Venezuela con impunidad
Well said Marco Rubio
You are very wise senator!
You know that Trillanes is also a corrupt and traitor politicians?He did a lot of damage in our country 
don’t be a swamp rat
while our president Duterte is rebuilding our country, trillianes and his party is destroying it! dont be his puppet youre smarter than that
Señor Marco Rubio las Elecciones de Gobernadores en Venezuela la q ganaron la oposición el gobierno las elimino para colocar a sus asecinos
You forget Raúl Castro and the cuban revolution, current co-dictators in #Venezuela
Congratulations Senator @marcorubio that is the way to treat a dictator, with a hard and strong answer. Straight to the head. Thanks
I Look forward to the day we no longer are ruled by a dictator in the USA
This could be a joke to laugh about in any other time but, at this moment, it is a tragedy https://escritosdeorlan.blogspot.com/2017/09/cupo.html …
Evil Senator..Stop Interferring to thePhilippines...Evil
Looking forward to a Democratic USA w/o you

la gran mayoría del pueblo venezolano no te quiere aquí así que fueraaaa
We will be more than happy to show you our beautiful country !
mind your own business CIA boy..
Marco invita a Maduro para que acompañe a sus  narcosobrinos  en la prisión
Evil..
why   you can Feed thePepole  ofVenezuela.Evil
Little Marco, people in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones!!
Nosotros tambien queremos vivir ese momento. Pronto será bienvenido !!! Gracias por su lucha, no es en vano
You don't get out much do you Mr. Rubio.....
Is this what you do? Making a war to earn MONEY?
War forMoney...Thats  his Living.Evil Senator
Mind ur own business. Philippines know u are talking 2 Trillanes bec of plans to topple Duterte admin just like Venezuela & Libya.
Thats the way of talking man!! we need your support right now more than ever before please!
maybe Philippines, too? brewing something with a traitor senator?
If you REALLY want to fight drug lords & commies you won't let the US betray Duterte. We can't lose PH to Commies and Narco-Terrorists #du30
before you can visit, a "clean up" effort should start in Cuba...the source of a national security threat to the USA
He, the dictator, walks the streets of Caracas with an army beside him, maybe if you were to bring your army you could walk there too. 
How about working towards the day when you return US to it's Democratic tradition instead of being run by a wanna be dictator & a GOP Coup?!
We feel the same way about the states.
ESPERAMOS SEA PRONTO..
I love your reply, well all Venezuelans do. When we are free, you'll be the first few friends invited to celebrate our freedom with us
If you visit Venezuela I hope you have plenty of our people protecting you. Mabey a batellion of troops.
Eso no pasará jamás, puede ser secuestrado....
Same for Cuba.
HELP FROM VENEZUELA AYUDA 
NOS ROBARON LAS ELECCIONES OTRA VEZ. VENEZUELA EN DICTADURA
Me too Mr Rubio, me too. I'd like to visit my family.
Aquí quien gobierna es la FANB
@STHGibbs Senator Rubio: we appreciate your help and look fwd to such a day. May it please God that it be soon
Me too. Venezuela used to be such a beautiful country. Then socialism took over
@marcorubio  #SOSVenezuela  #SOSVenezuela  #SOSVenezuela  #SOSVenezuela  #SOSVenezuela
I am still wondering the reason drug lord @dcabellor has escaped US sanctions 
Looking forward to a day when the President of the US shows respect for veterans and Gold Star families.
¿Cuántas casos han habido de opositores sancionados? Me encantaría, pero sería una rareza.
Para evitar lavado del dinero de la dictadura empiecen por @globovision y su testaferro del gobierno en Miami Raúl gorrín que lava
Que esta situación se salga de control,Dios te bendiga a ti y al presidente Trump.
Militar ya, no hay otra salida,en Venezuela hay que acabar con todas esas mafias, rusas,guerrillas,cubanos,narcos,iranies,colectivos antes
Hasya que vea resultados, a esas lacras delincuentes que se burlan del pueblo y del mundo cada dia hay que darles su merecido,intervención
Mark Hutchinson,voy a escribirye todos los dias aunqie se que tu y el presidente Trump saben la terrible situación de Venezla lo voy hacer
Querido Marcos debes de acordarte de mi yo soy la Sra. de las Vegas mamá del joven con autismo fuimos a todos tus meetings,somos amigos de
How long would a right wing American exist amongst truly Democratic people!
I look forward to a day when ignorant pigs are purged from the earth!!, Victorious win 4 the people!!!
Your president is a dictator!
Liberals will still try to introduce socialism to our nation 

Viejo te perdiste la oportunidad de tu vida, por bobo conocer a un ser humano como @NicolasMaduro ,era tu carta hacia la presidencia de 
What a croc.
