What about Washington? Still believe ?
so what about the shutting down of State war crimes office, any comment sir?
When wss this?
yesterday, life comes at you fast sir...
How about we spend less time concerned with other nations and more fixing ours. Education, healthcare, economy are all a mess.
How about here?
Stop talking about reconciliation!! No! He needs to leave!
The only way we will heal is if all the felonious acts committed by the Venezuelan government is brought to justice. Down with Maduro
Your job is not so america IT IS HERE
I would be happy if you would work on getting Russia of of our elections.  Fuck Venezuela
Ok so we know where they stashed some of their money!
Aren't you an American citizen?
Do you believe it's possible to restore real DEMOCRACY, not this PARTY RULES B***S**T, her in the US?
MARCO - WHAT are you doing about FLORIDA and PEOPLE SUFFERING HERE?! What, sir, is your malfunction? GET REAL. #PitchforksAndTorches
Democracy in #Venezuela is very strong. #VenezuelanOpossition doesn't want reconciliation, they want the political power. Got to wait 2018!!
HOW funny CAUSE Rubio Believes in Taking Democracy away in America
Trump is talking about pardoning himself, that's and admission of guilt.  Grow a pair and impeach himd
Stop pandering to Venezulans in Doral.
NEGATIVE!
what is your position on restoring democracy, voting rights & Constitution in the US? Any time for that?
Less Venezuela, more United States.
To all the trolls here trump is staying and btw he is your president
Great Marco but what happened with the obama
What about here in the U.S.
What about RESTORE DEMOCRACY in CONGRESS and WORK WITH DEMOCRATS TO FIX ACA, for the BENEFIT of ALL Americans!SHAMEFUL your SILENCE! ACT NOW
Why would U want 2 restore democracy in Venezuela when it was Castro's "pink tide" that hurt them. You've already given up hope 4 Cuba. Sad!
Rubio what do you feel about Trump statement which contradict totally yours about Iran nuclear deal, I say you don't know anything about it.
More than 7 millions voted for a change, free elections. We didn't vote for a negotiation with Maduro. Venezuelan people don't want this.
Reconciliation with the pro government Venezuelan people, not with Maduro and his criminals
good but how about protecting democracy in the US? Lead effort 2 pull Kushners sec clearance 4 lies of omission on application
From all your tweets lately Marco Rubio, seems you would rather be a Preacher in Venezuela than a Republican in the US Senate!!
America First !!
Marco, a supporter here,  you have a 50/50 split in USA how about starting here. It is getting to a serious LEVEL.
Can we take a swipe at restoring democracy here for a few weeks
How about balance and cooperation in the house and senate in this country .. Sad myopic thinking from another GOP puppet.
Why r u so fixated on Venezuela? Why r u silent on Apartheid regime of Israel? Or on the bloodbath in Syria, Kashmir nd Myanmar?
must read:
I get your concern for Venezuela
You're an American Senator
DC is running on empty
Are you not running?
You should announce it
Little marco we the people are working restoring democracy in America by getting rid  of U Trump and the Koch owned fascist Zionist G O P !
Do it in America first!Trump w/Republicans (you) have almost taken democracy from American. And,you worried about Venezuela!Hypocrite!
UGH!!! Venezuela again????!!!!!!!
Focus on our government first then focus on the outside .
Why the concern about Venezuela? Bored with your job here????? Do your job the American taxpayers are paying you to do!!!
Amen to that! And Venezuelans proved it on 16J! Thanks Senators
Thank you God for allowing healthcare to be a right for ALL. Thank you God. (Marco, you are on the wrong side on this.)
Isn't Venezuela Exactly what the Democrats & Lovers of Socialism Want for the USA ??
Claro Q es posible la reconciliación y la democracia en #Venezuela pero sin @NicolasMaduro ususpando el poder!Con él no hay diálogo posible!
Who gives a shesh about Venezuela... do your job as a US Senator! US democracy is being undermined by the Russians and u've been derelect!
Not with this people in gob.They have to go,then we'll restore democracy. Reconciliation among venezuelans will come with time. We need time
Eventually
Not sure if we can restore democracy to the US
How about restoring democracy here in us after how Trump tarnished ours by not admonishing russia
Coward won't hold town hall meetings
How about you work on impeachment!
With Maduro?? Impossible.
Absolutely.
Act like an American and stand up to Traitor Trump. We The People are furious at GOP wimps.
You need to concentrate on what is happening in our country!  A republican needs to grow a set!  Step up do your job!
You should move over there and fix it.
First we need to restore ! Here in America and vote the dictatorship the GOP has elected and reconcíliate the American people !
Do you believe we can restore Democracy to America? Dems & media hv hijacked our country. Support my President- DJT
IS IT POSSIBLE TO RESTORE IT IN THE US.
Is it still possible for USA. The undemocratic party continues with Delegitimization of office of President!
All that's fine but what about doing it here in America?
The people want Democracy, hope it's possible.
Can we restore it in America too! Enough already Senator! Country b4 party. #treason #impeach
Please! Do the US a favor and move to Venezuela.  It would be a celebration to see you go

But is it possible in the U.S.A.?
That's Marcocito between the lines talk for please send me more campaign contributions.
That's between the lines of everything he says
Yes please. Lets take down ISIS and then save Venezuela!
What happened to #AmericaFirst where our democracy is turning into autocracy?
How about here?
Sir, your country is in crisis. Why not put your energy here.!
We should mind our own biz...when will we learn
Still believe it's possible for you to vote No
Americans that PAID a lifetime in2 Medicare can't get a ride to their Docs. Freeloaders on Medicaid get free transportation to BINGO WUWT
Can you guys get health care through. Rep are looking & act like idiots. Make it happen
We dont make deals with terrorism Right? So reconciliation with government is out of question
Getting rid of dictatorship supported by drug traffickers who laundry $ in US will call for a safe return to Venezuelans to their country
We need to restore it here. Interference with our elections goes to the heart of our constitution. One man one vote.
What about America?  Enough Is enough are you a patriot or are you party before country?  Your tweet topics make it very appearant #Traitor
If only u spent as much time tweeting bout Florida or what is happening right now in our Country! #noballsrubio we want a #Townhall #resist
Venezuela is already a democracy. Could you please stop trying to destroy it?
Repeal Obamacare damn it
Yep. Venezuelans stood up and have taken to the streets. Remember that.
Amen
Nope
What about restoring it domestically? :\
Still believe you're a senator from Florida and not Caracas? Want to prove it? How about meeting with constituents or voting not to kill us
That could happen if we had a sensible men in power but maduro could care less. All he wants is power & even if it mean killing the people.
Please try and do it here...
Great! How about working on restoring our democracy??
Why don't you start by restoring democracy in the United States?
How about starting at home.  It doesn't start with disengagement but with enabling all US Citizens to vote.  Keep our elections sacred.
How bout if you try restoring democracy for the government you work for. Sanctions on russia NOW!
Our demovracy is well  & kiking if Trump did or try.2 do somethimg wrong he'll be impeached. We have laws & respect them
Maybe start with America first.
How, Mr. Rubio? You keep tweeting bible verses and empty statements. How are you going to do this?
You may want to start with your own country @marcorubio...
Why not head down and work in their government instead.
Before you concern yourself about another country's democracy, you must first stop the erosion of ours.
So I suppose you support Trump removing Russian sanctions and the GOP abortion called a health care act and Jared and Jr... SPEAK UP!! ACT!!
What about democracy in the US? Why don't you stand up for US! Or have you been bank rolled as well!  I'll remember when I go to the polls!
Why don't you move there? I'm sure there are Americans who would LOVE to have your $174,000 a year job and would do more FOR US.
What is wrong with you?? Do you really not see we are Venezuela U.S.?? Our Democracy, Freedom and Rights are stripped daily your cowardice.
We will reconcile when all these thugs are either dead or out of power and in jail.
is more important do better job here in our country, b/c the way these liberals are conducting is a concern for the future of our democracy
With respect Senator Rubio, not without revolution. That government needs to be completely flushed out.
Please comment on giving the Russian gov. back their compounds (aka spying fortresses) with nothing in return.
What about our democracy?  You need to make sure ours is restored.
So concerned Rubio then move because u sure as hell don't care about this Country smdh
What about America? How do we keep Russia/Trump from meddling in 2018? We have our own problems! Feels a lot like Venezuela is not alone
Still believe public hearings on healthcare could enhance democracy and reconciliation in good old USA
Don't worry about Venezuela, you should be worried about civil war in Republican Party.
no that place it a crap hole.
Work on Americans let Venezuela figure it out
How about restoring Democracy in the USA
Can we restore democracy in Washington, DC?
You're really, willingly, not getting it, are you?
Sure -- but without Maduro and the band of criminals behind him. No dialogue, no reconciliation with murderers by action and inaction
U Better be right little marco. I already have HUGE question with people that have already paid SOMEONE quid pro quo and have MORE THAN FOOD
Who cares ?
@marcorubio 
2018 IS COMING....WE THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR YOU WILL REPLACE YOU IF YOU DON'T DO YOUR JOB!!!

WORRY ABOUT REPEALING ACA!!!!!
Unfortunately they have an authoritarian like Trump.
Pay attention to what is happening to OUR democracy please, Senator. Its at serious risk.
*It's

You have got to be kidding!!!
Let's hold a town hall to discuss?
Why don't you work on restoring Democracy here.  Start with Voting No on this So called Healthcare Bill!  Oh that's right you cave to Trump!
But the hell with America, Senator Rubio? Wake up, Sleepyhead.
Seems we need to restore it at home. How do you feel about the @DonaldJTrumpJr /Soviet meeting that went down 13 months ago?
You do nothing but protect Trump. Your questioning of Comey showed you have no interest in protecting your country from Russia 1/2
Look no further than your  own back yard Dorothy !!
Go there and check it out @marcorubio
Hey Marco all those back broom deals and promises and all you got was a letter
Why don't you start by restoring it to your country?
You need a history lesson on your real homeland, Cuba. It was taken over by a loudmouth totalitarian while your parents did nothing 2/2
Let's work on Demoracy in America, m'kay?
Nobody believes a word that comes out of your mouth anymore.
How about you restore democracy in America?
Who would be doing the restoring. NOT US.
WORK ON PROTECTING AND RESTORING DEMOCRACY AT HOME.  Your surrender to trump has endangered our country.  1/2
Stay out of it. They demanded Democratic socialism. They got it. 

Let this be a cautionary tale.
Good to see you defending democracy abroad. It could use a few more defenders here at home.
Concentrate on that happening at home, would ya?
Are you kidding, we don't have it here and you're worried about Venezuela?
Restore democracy here! Work for your constituents! Get rid of the fake #45!!!!!!!!! Yikes! Get busy!
Yor a sellout, a little pig at the public trough. The Bible verses u share r part of image that yr using 4 reelection.
Every day a fool (idiot) comes out. Today it was your turn
I can't wait to go visit the great wall of Trump which will stop the darkening of America.￼
Are you going to help restore what is right for the Americans with your vote HEALTHCARE.
What about here?
How about repealing Obamacare first? I mean, you promised.
Gave up on restoring ours, didn't you?
that's nice but how about preserving our democracy.
.Our democracy isfalling apart here & you're worried about the democracy of Venezuela? Your priorities are f'd up buddy.
How about in THIS country, Senator?
I hope so.But Maduro will ignore this as a non-sanctioned and therefore null&void "vote". How about democracy and reconciliation in the US?
Lolz naive, the vote on the 30th already has all the ballots Maduro needs cast! Talk to vzlans in vzla. Tramposo!
We're losing democracy in the US. Did you hear about that?
How about you restore democracy in the US
Venezuela is FUBAR but we're better off without your words of encouragement. We get a bad vibe from you.
We get a bad vibe from him here in FL too.
Talk 4 yourself, most Floridians loves him
Most Floridians are poorly educated and/or willfully ignorant.
So u think u r the only smart Floridian? Ha ha , whete id your grandmother? U have 2 praised yourself Lol
I think someone had a stroke mid tweet.
Right?
We object to this, senator, and demand you object as well.  Start paying attention to AMERICAN business.
Russia attacked the United States of America-CONTINUES to wage cyber warfare on us DAILY!!

What possible deal could there be?

…

Just in: Russian Dep Foreign Minister Rybakov says Russian government "almost" at a deal on getting back property seized by the US
...but not in America, Putin's playground...
They don't need Democracy. They need a Constitution and a Bill of Rights.
That's great but I am worried abt restoring r own Country and getting the fascism out of our White House!
If only it could happen in the USA....  Republicans must pull their collective heads out of Trump's a$$ and come to our aid!
Here you go again, worrying about Democracy in another country while being complicit in its downfall here. Stop bowing to trump lil marco
Exactly.
Still believe it's possible to restore democracy and reconciliation in U.S.A?
We have to restore democracy here in the US, too.  Are you paying attention to what this administration is doing to undermine  it?
And we still believe it is possible to restore democracy in the US
What about the USA?   No on TRUMPCARE!  PEOPLE BEFORE PARTY
Better worry about our democracy, haven't you heard we're being taken over by Russians. Keep pretending it's will all work out.
The people need to wipe that clean and start over.....
We are more concerned with doing it here. What side are you on?
Let's try for America first shall we? Stop supporting that lying, Nazi-hiring, Russia-colluding idiot in the White House.
I voted on an outdated machine with no paper trail last November. Who knows what happened to it.
Are you worried AT ALL about keeping OUR democracy?? Are you a Putin lover too Marco? Shit or get off the pot. We're in danger here 
how about America?  Any hope for our Democracy?
Can we restore democracy in the US?
I dont know if you noticed, but we do have democracy in this country. Thats why the new health care bill isnt passing.
