Bless you in all you do not only for Floridians but also for all Americans! I appreciate all of your hard work.
Um, "hard work"?  He has the most missed congress votes of anyone: http://members-of-congress.insidegov.com/stories/10197/members-congress-miss-votes#25-Marco-Rubio …
Only when running for President. He works constantly. Check his website out and senate page.
Didn't he also say he wouldn't run for Senator again if he ran for president? How'd that go? I'm not a fan.
He felt it necessary and important to run again! I'm glad he did. I'm a conservative Republican. He is great.
you obviously don't know what you're talking about
Yes, I do know what I'm talking about. Check Marco http://Rubio.com  and his senate page.
of course Rubio's page will say good things about him! Check other sources that's what makes you informed
Looks like you've been very busy this morning working hard for the good ppl of FL. Hoping 2 move to FL soon to have u as my Sen.
you better rethink that Rubio sells out to highest bidder
Sell that to someone who's uninformed. I do my research and know PACs receive money. @marcorubio can't touch any PAC money.
do you know what PAC stands for?
Do you know what FEC stands for?
how much did he pay you for cutting his taxes?
maybe they'll have a job for you when the voters throw you out.
we are still waiting for our Town Hall. We have lots to say to you !
Protect emergency management coast guard etc...do not build a wall with taxpayer$$.
Why is tax cuts for the rich in the AHCA?  Vote NO!
Isnt it great that companies are coming back now that they know that regulations and taxation is being rolled back. JOBS GO USA!
Pay attention it will and it is. Sorry, you're not on board with the people.. Synergy..One Team..Endless Results
and what's the pay scale for those jobs? asking b/c if the wage scale increases the sell goes up
The jobs coming now will be high paying jobs, not like what was given by Obama, bet on it
ACTUALLY I would bet on it.
Silence is complicity.
The FAIR TAX plan to reform our tax system answers ALL of the faults of our current system.
Nobody will forget your Devos vote!
L
But include environmental regulations. Surely there is a compromise between their profits and our health where all benefit.
what about #RepealAndReplace @POTUS ?
But LITTLE MARCO can't meet with constituents. This guy is on an EGO trip
all your meetings will not change their bottom lines
Yeah! Right! That's all Trump, who you stab in back every chance you get! I'm one more lost Florida vote!
Senator Rubio, I'll cancel her vote out, because you've got mine now.
your name is so appropriate !
Don't let the "Tax Credit" piece stay in the health care bill Ryan is pushing in the house. It's a insurance Co rip off!
How about importance of meeting with your constituents. When's the next town hall?
This is another friendly reminder that once Trump is locked up in federal prison for treason, your career will end.
Rubio says "I ALSO said 2 CEO I will STUFF your POCKETS with CASH from tax breaks coming from employee salaries"
I believe in immigration reform for the imigrants I've known as a nurse.pls have moral authority,speak 4 whats right #goldenrule
How about meeting with JCC's re:Bomb Threats. How about denouncing?
Putz...
Really Only 32% Of Companies In Fl. Offer Health Ins.
Trump not liar only but  fraud & inhuman void of compassion a selfish creatur who fooled voters big time but Repubs not care
Awesome!!! How come no one ever meets with mom & pop stores to discuss #TaxReforms for jobs they create 4 themselves?
how about making the orange POS release his taxes? Or are y'all afraid it will be damning evidence? #TownHall 
Good. It's about time you get to work. Follow DJT and you will not go wrong.
OMG!!! Rubio surfaced for a brief moment!! AMAZING
so when are Republicans going to address the issue of automation in job sector and stop being bunch of pussies and stand up to T
technically, Mitsubishi didn't "create" any jobs. Demand did. They just chose to locate here.
If tax reform means the wealthy and businesses pay their fair share, then I'm all for it!
Florida hates you
How about voting against Trumpcare bill. Great fot CEOs of ins companies , bad for low income people and middle class. BAD!
Support our President that's the Republican way.
give us details and we will decide it's importance. Else, your words are hollow much like yourself.
what are you going to do with the 1.5 million currently in the ACA, and the many, poor & elderly? TRumpcare won't help them.
just like you to meet with big companies but not your actual constituents. #floridatownhall
plenty of time for groups who donate to you. Not a single minute for your voters who were at your offices across the state today
Time to come Home Little Marco #doyourjob #trumprussia
Mitsubishi who have received millions in state/federal govt subsidiaries/tax credits and that donated to your campaign? #corrupt
Go away Marco. You are a coward and a traitor. I will never vote for you and will do everything I can do to get you OUT!!
get ur head out ur ass.This lunatic will go from petty tweets 2  launch codes 2 distract  U.S. intel from Russia investigation
so you'll meet with a CEO but not your constituents?! Pathetic, disgraceful....
how about you meet with some people that vote in this state?
because not paying taxes is the most American thing you can do right?
Senator, could you please keep your eye on WHAT MATTERS NOW? TRUMP'S TIES TO RUSSIA. INVESTIGATE & RELEASE TAX RETURNS.
Mitsubishi is one of the best companies in Japan.  Work very closely with Mitsubishi and stay away from Donald Trump.
What about Healthcare? Why aren't you speaking about the terrible Healthcare bill put out? 

#SaveACA
or maybe you'd like to finally comment on the WH's connection to Russia? 

#Trumprussia
how can you represent us if you will not meet with us?
Looks like trump scared u in line with the rest of the sheep! Just more fake hope! Is that your mangina leaking?
why did you vote to hide Trumps taxes Little Marco? You shill
It is wrong that you make time for CEO and not your constituents.
how about meeting with the people you represent not companies!
@SenRubioPress Gee, that's nice. And what are you doing about Russian influence and N Korean missiles fired toward Japan?
Do some research on how Mitsubishi treated U.S. and Allied nation POWs in World War II.
When are you going to view Intel evidence ?
these are also needed for small business owners and start up businesses
repeal and replace is just hot air unless you allow the free market to operate step one open up the markets
Go do something real..protect public education, the environment and health care.
nice to see u have time to meet w him. How about ur constituents?U were one of my top choices for prez&I'd never vote for u now
how about a conscience for 60,000 ppl in #FL18 who will lose insurance who are currently enrolled? #DoYourJob @indivisibleFL18
or how a conscience re: repealing the #ACA will force #vets to go the VA when there is a hiring freeze?!?

This Floridian appreciates you efforts on our behalf.
Jobs ship overseas for cheaper labor not cheaper taxes. Their HQ's are still all here.
thank you Mr. Sellout
as in, he told you they'll pull jobs if you don't cut their taxes. Wipe your mouth when you're done.
you should meet with your constituents again to see why we need tax reform.  you have let me down sir.
Remember: 

2018  2020 

@marcorubio FULLY SUPPORTS Trumps LIES about Russia and Obama.
So you support a Congressional investigation into this, right?
LMAO
oh we found u!
can you cut deals like trump i think not
Pair this with public/private funding for training for today's manufacturing jobs and you're on to something, Senator.
Great News!
@StandWithMarco_ He is the Best Sen ever...
i thought so too.  but when can we meet with our "voice"
little Marco "you are fired" wait and see on the next election. You are the definition of corruption.
Help put emphasis on getting wall built. Then we can work on at least worker status for undocumented. Are needed for Fl economy.
Mr Rubio, the USA is falling. We need you at the front. #TeamUSA @TheJusticeDept
Go Marco Now you are getting on the team. Hope you will on other issues also.
I suggest you should take Microeconomics.
just like your hairline reform during the election, the tax reforms you would want would just help the those at the top 
what about a Townhall you have time for one of those. Meet with your constituents and not just CEOs!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Are you going to have them pay their taxes? Or more corporate welfare? Corps&1% must pay their fair share
Thank you!
Mario, we have amoebas with more abilities and thought process than you. At least they know what they stand for.
I guess you don't want to be reelected so you keep meeting with the power people in the money but not your constituent 33569
So you want him to go to an Indivisible rally?
please meet with us about this new health care proposal! many of your constituents are deeply concerned.
"meet with us" at an Indivisible rally?  Or a town hall managed and controlled by Rubio's staff?
his constituents have been asking for a town hall. he said he would hold one, but now says he will not.
You didn't answer my question.  Indivisible Rally or one sanctioned / controlled by Rubio's staff?
i think he's only going to be interested in one controlled by his staff. face time is face time
So you want him to go to an Indivisible Rally, correct?
I'd like a town hall like so many other reps have granted their constituents.
So, one sanctioned and controlled by Rubio's staff?  Right?
We lost a Mitsubishi plant in Illinois a few years back. Thanks for working to keep them in Florida.
Muy Buenos Días.
You are beginning to "get it".
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS.
Please get real committments.  If we do "A", you will get "B" number of NET new jobs.  My exp. with CEO's is its not NET new job
this is not quid pro quo - it is making sure that for our tax benefits we actually get tangible job expansion versus nothing
we elected u to stand by @realDonaldTrump. Now go work hard for us please and support our president. Stop being a disappointment
Sure, help feed the coffers of those that don't really need it. Zipcode: 33570
You refuse to meet with your constituents, only those that pay to play, so  I guess they donated to your campaign.
She doesn't want a meeting she wants an ambush You already had to leave your Tmpa offc Stay focused.
He was forced out of his Jax office too! Maybe he should meet with the people he represents 
You spelled "tax cuts for the wealthy" wrong.
You better start rolling with the president or you will never serve in public office again. Sick of your crap.
terrific
.@marcorubio So tell us what they said!
You misspelled #taxbreak
You misspelled Mitsubishi buddy.
What?  You have reading problems?  It's correct.
Oh boy. Yep. Read that totally wrong. Erlenmeyer syndrome strikes again! That's why I drive a Frod! American Made™
