The middle class must have tax relief.

Child tax credit is not a credit.  It's a form of wellfare and it I shouldn't be on the revised tax system.
#childtaxcredit won’t help if it goes thru the way it’s written. Most single parents dnt make $75,000 a yr. Lower threshold earnings to $0.
No
Really? Because access to affordable healthcare would actually help more and you're against that.
Mueller should subpoena @marcorubio emails to see if @IvankaTrump emailed him from private email. Check Marco's finances too
I'd say the biggest threat is @realDonaldTrump. How does it feel to work for the man who called you l"Little Marco?" I hope it sucks.
And just what does THIS have to do with helping "working families" Marco?  #TrumpTaxFraud #TaxReform cc: @GOP @GOPChairwoman @SpeakerRyan

Your tax plan fucks the people that benefit from the child tax credit
How?
Benefits those making $150k and over the most
So, if you make 50k per yr, you wouldn't want more $ in your pocket just because it's not as much as those making 150k+?

Explode the deficit, Obama more than doubled the deficit in 8 years!
Try raging against the tax subsidies to highly profitable ventures, e.g. BP, exxon, and war profiteers.
I agree-tax subsidies for industry giants should be eliminated. But do it in combo w/ tax cuts to help foster capital $.
Vote no on the Trump budget/tax plan that will drastically cut Medicare and give tax cuts to the wealthy.
#NoWealthcare
Spread your seed get a tax break!!
Oh and one more thing, really dirty if u add ACA to the budget. That’s devious+cruel+Inhumane. Not a shocker though, it’s become the norm
And how does that square with removing the personal exemption?
SenRubio:your tax cuts are for your rich friends.The NRA paid YOU $3.3 Million http://Dollars.You  make a profit from weapons sales.#LV
Right now it NOT about saving "you" taxes. It's about saving American lives. Grow some "balls" and pass a law banning ASSULT WEAPONS NOW!
Not at the expense of personal exemptions.
From a guy who let #CHIP expire, leaving 9 million kids without healthcare  #shameonyou
That's a great idea, but who will advocate for those who choose not to have kids? Or those who graduate and are hampered by 8% student debt?
Thank You! for sharing ur Political views! and not ur Religious views! I still have to do some research b4 I can say if i agree with policy.
#TaxReform won’t have a chance w/o it. If ur going to cut Corp. taxes,cut loopholes too. Tax code is rigged to benefit companies+industries.
Rubio you know this tax bill is going to hurt the middle class
Stop hoarding wealth, raise capital gains tax, do not reduce the highest tax bracket, correlate a new total asset tax to defense budget #1%
Exactly! Thank you so much 4 fighting 4 american families! God bless!

Typical GOP hypocrites. Tell the religious right anything, engage in extramarital sex & push women into abortions https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.htmlhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.html …

Not everyone has kids....
Must pass tax reform for all, not just rich, or fams with children..you are killing the middle age middle class.
No it is not! What about parents whose adult children live at home and and the grandparents move in also. No dependents to claim!
It should help those making higher. Rich people create jobs. When’s the last time a poor person created a job. Sorry but that’s the truth.
  To “Child Tax Credit”; However the Child MUST be living with the Party claiming the deduction. PROOF of school enrollment.No cheaters
My husband and I work our butt off, own a home, paid for our higher ed? Where is our break. Tired of paying for everyone else.
What about those of us w/o children. I tried to conceive, couldn’t. No one helped me. I already pay school taxes no kid in school.
dear #SenatorFraud help families by supporting #ACA
doesn't do anything for me. How about universal health care, but u would have to close some loopholes, mostly on millionaires.
Pass the tax reform.  We're counting on you to help us improve our lot in life.
How about increasing the gun safety laws to protect children and innocents? Oh wait that $3.3 Mil from the NRA is stopping you. Blood money.
Eliminate tax credits.  Dependents should be exemptions.
Many in the working class don’t have children.  Quit your BS Marco.
Bullshit. Millions of Americans don't have minor children. Tax the 1% at a higher rate.
Yes but eliminating of the Death Tax has nothing to do with the middle class so how can a True Conservative square with that please explain
I dont have kids. How will a child tax credit increase help mw
And what about the elderly.   We pay more?
Stop pretending u care about children, I'm sorry tell us exactly how much was donated to your campaign by the NRA, allowing guns in schools
How about reduce spending to only those things authourised by the Constitution? Then taxes could be truly reduced.
No, greater deductibility of increasingly expensive day/before & after-school care is best way.
The "best"?
What about the estate tax? It's ok with you to get rid of that? To make the middle class and poor suffer? That, alone, could fund healthcare for all.
This plan is not tax reform dummy. It’s tax cuts
Ok but eliminate earned income credit and give same credit to those needing care for disabled or aged family members.  Fair.
Exactly because I don't have children so I lose all together
The reverse of that being I am punished because I do not have children??
Well we get punished for not owning a house. :(
I have no mortgage on my house, I get hit with that one too, I hear ya

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
tax reform is just a rich man pay raise and a cut to medicare. you represent Florida. Try and remember that
More #GOP eyewash, lies and distortions. This #TaxReform is all about giving massive #Taxcuts to the 1%, corporations and #Trump.
How does this help them pay soaring healthcare premiums to keep their kids healthy?
Dont forget plan also eliminates medical tax breaks
Where does it say in the Constitution that it's the Federal Government’s job to subsidize the decision to have children?
What about seniors  who are hurting with the rising cost of everything?  GOP plan increases tax on lowest wage earners & adds 6% cap gains
As you reduce healthcare and child healthy programs. You are a wolf in sheeps clothing.

Here's the thing, Senator. Do some good for the people of Florida. 
#SaveOurCare #CHIP #DACA #NotOnePennyForTheTopTenPercent
Where does that money come from? Oh lets put it on a credit card for the next president to fix
Stop lying to America.
Good try. Still a tax cut for the wealthy. SAD
Trump wouldn't want #taxreform unless it helped the top 1%. And anything that widens the gap between the 99% and the 1% is BAD for the USA
NOT TRUE
Trump tax reform truly only makes the rich get more rich. Trickle down has never worked.  How much will you personally gain from it?
What do those of us without kids get? I see the bucks raked in on it already?
So what you’re saying is you only want to help people who have kids AND only those with kids 16 and younger? That’s a joke.
Amazing brilliant observation 
Marco stop giving to corporations and the rich.  Stop it now!
So, how about some gun control? You are a top 10 recipient of NRA money. SHAMEFUL
No tragedy is so great, that you need to take liberty away from innocent people.
Pure bullshit. Liar.
child tax credits, tax cut 4 top 1%. What about those who don't have kids, aren't anywhere near top 1%? Make taxes fair. #ShowTrump'sTaxes
What is your offset?  True R's do not increase debt or deficit.
Best way is to give workers the tax refunds you propose as tax breaks for the rich.
Cost of everything Congress be investigation in that Medical ,gas,food and insurance. Congress is being pay off by Corporation Illegal
Consumption tax.  Everyone gets to keep every penny they make until they buy something. Gov won’t be frugal may taxpayers would.
Do you ever talk about cutting spending?
Like you care.
So no middle class tax cut for childless?
Did you start working on this with @IvankaTrump before or after your committee started investigating her spouse? #conflictofinterest
Little Marco & his hug buddy Ivanka want to pay for billionaires' tax breaks by cutting healthcare from sick kids, elderly, & US Vets.

so sence my kids have grown its ok to steal more from us? How about tax breaks for all and  you in the Gov. Stop spending it all
Isn't that how illegals send money home, Marco ???
Undocument immigrants don't get tax returns. Don't be ignorant.
Not with illegal social security #'s?  Whose naive?
With stolen social security numbers, an undocumented immigrant can pay into taxes but still can't collect since the social isn't theirs.

Thank you for your leadership @marcorubio. God Bless you !
If you really wanted to help middle class families you'd keep itemized deductions & reinstate the deduction for credit card interest
Why should credit card interest be subsidized? Instead make it a low flat 10% tax with a $12k standard deduction.
What did you GOP let expire this week for children? We are watching.PEOPLE BEFORE PARTY!
Tax payers bailed out Banks. Why not moratorium on collecting student loans4 10 yrs &banks obsorbs10% of loans4 10 yrs. Start fresh later
Senator, U can attract millenniums.   Student loans R a mess. Why not reducing loan2 principle& split it 4ways,fed,bank,state& Students.Thx
If U,Dem&GOP care about middle class& income inequality, tax on idividuals NOT Corp. Sould b20%<250k,25%<500k,35%<5mill,65% after. 4 10yrs
What are you going to do about Obamacare increases for self employed who pay full cost of premiums.Up 38 % in 2018. Will be $1300+ @48 k
You a con-man just like Trump, get the hell out of American politics you serial liar!
I would start w/ cutting the over inflated military where over 200 Mil is spent on proganda alone in sport ceremonies, video games & movies.
End corporate welfare. Why are we the people subsidizing BP?
Your enormous tax cut for billionaires will be paid for by cutting healthcare  from sick children, elderly, and US Vets
You are Pro Death
Stop accepting @NRA $
Just said the same thing
Love it
Or you could come up with a tax plan the would eliminate the need for the loophole.
Or you could deeply slash spending.  Whichever.
I'd take that over tax cuts. But democrats and RINOs wont do it.
Nope
Lil Narco has a boner for austerity.
Actually the best way would be the #FAIRtax letting working families keep ALL of their income to start with. @FairTaxOfficial @POTUS @GOP
Because all working families have children? No! I’m lower mid-class and struggling.
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr  America is aware this is a tax credit 4 the wealthy. Your tax bill is already DOA. Back to the drawing board!
Do the faces of the 49 Americans killed at Pulse ever haunt you at night when you sleep Marco?
If we forgive #PR debt 78 to 100 billion tax cuts will be cut down to off set
I M  SAID ...SECONT   NOT SAID  DONT TURP   .....  HILLAR  PERFEC   DONT   RECLAM   MAGAZIN  MAKE ......
Prices are rising because taxes are too high overall. Cut spending and cut all taxes.
What has been done to.ensure YOU are not Increasing child tax credit to benefit illegals-
What about working people w/o children? What about the deep cuts to SS, Medicare, Medicaid hidden in your budget? You're lying.
The standard deduction, to my understanding, will be DOUBLED...thats pretty good for everybody, I think.
If you look at the small amount of cash you will get vs. the large number of programs that are being cut, you do not come out ahead.
No Tax Reform until Dotard Donald releases his tax returns!!!!
Oh grow up already!
Still pushing a Tax Cut for Trump & rich friends, which will help 0 working families
While YOU CUT INSURANCE FOR 9 MILLION CHILDREN!
SHAME
The Trump Kids appreciate your unrelenting work on their behalf, but really, Junior & Ivanka will be fine.
You are ignoring 9 MILLION KIDS.
Please tell us whats in the plan, because nobody has seen it just speculation! Liberal sheep following the liars!
WTF do you mean, "nobody has seen it"? You being ignorant doesn't mean everyone else is.
The Princess Ivanka Nanny tax .Tax reform is tax give away to the 1 precent
The "1%" aren't the only ones who have children.
The greatest beneficiaries of the Child Tax Credit will be high-earning, dual-income families relying on paid child care.
Trump’s tax plan would hurt single filers with more than one child and married filers with more than two, according to @TaxPolicyCenter
Absolutely right! #MarcoLeads
