2/5 Severe fuel shortage b/c available fuel being prioritized for hospitals & no viable means of distribution to most places in #PuertoRico
3/5  asking mayors & municipalities to be points of aid distribution.But mayors say need better process for command & decision making
4/5 many mayors can't receive information if they leave #SanJuan & no way to transmit info to people back in municipalities if they stay
5/5 dialysis,chemo,insulin is at the port but they have no fuel to distribute them or power the generators to refrigerate the insulin
We are shipping generators & supplies via Port of PB/Air & cover freight for anyone needing to send aid. http://www.wsiwelds.com  #PuertoRico
Where are u? How. An ppl donate to u?
We are just a drop off location that can handle the logistics since we do so much export. http://facebook.com/WelderServices/ 
Can't recommend ppl contribute w/o knowing more about you. Sorry.
WE aren't taking donations. We are handling logistics.
Then original messaging pretty confusing States can ship supplies to PR for free
YES. I am covering the costs of the freight. So people can drop off here, I will put on a pallet and ship out at no cost.
This is unclear becausexwhrn I asked where "here" is so ppl could http://drop.off  u replied you aren't taking donations Thank you
Pls help PR get cleared roads, electricity, food, water, baby supplies, reconstruction supplies and aid -NOW. Pls get funds distrib -NOW!
Communications, water and gas delivery are crucial, we know how to survive without electricity for a while. #PuertoRico
When is the last time you tweeted something about America for Christ sakes
Puerto Rico is America. They’re all citizens of the United States and could move here with no proble
Yes they could move here, but based on current laws they could not vote here.
Also not true. If they move here, they can vote here. I know--my mother in law moved here from Guam, also part of America, and she votes!
I apologise. I was not aware of how these territories are treated.
Republican government.
You're a member of Congress. Do something dammit.  Those people are helpless.
HE IS THERE. what more do you expect? President doesn't care and won't help, Rubio is actually helping
He's doing nothing.  He could walk into Senate, raise holy hell and go over Trump.  The media is doing more.
Marco is trying to help. Stop hating
LAME Rubio effort. He is not saying anything more than what journalists on the ground R saying. What exactly is he DOING? Do U even Know?
He has been there and sent his team from Florida to help
Watch MSNBC, The Weather Channel, others reporting. US could have sent 30,000 troops on the US Comfort THE DAY AFTER MARIA. U R in DENIAL!
What is your issue from Montana You have no idea what is happening or what @marcorubio is doing
.@marcorubio is there. Trying to gain support . Don't hate on him when he is trying to help
Hey Little Marco, you still a fan of Little Hand Trump and how he's letting Puerto Rico writhe while he fiddles on about #TakeTheKnee ?
@VotarEsUnDeber proud of your hard work with all the storms!!!
Pls help them get electricity, water, roads.
Shut up, RINO Rubio.
YOU supported the AWFUL idea of Statehood for PR: That translates to TWO Nuevo (D) Senate seats. NO GRACIAS!! @realDonaldTrump @MooreSenate
Thank You for being a True Leader in this time of crisis!!!
Rubio the coward who wants to strip healthcare from millions. Please tell us more.
Oh, pleaae! U & all u Repubes stood behind a guy who clearly has 0 respect 4 the law & Americans! He is insane & his ego will bring us 2 WW3
You gotta talk to Trump about this #JonesAct business. He's letting people suffer and you're trying to help them(to your credit)
I hope Puerto Ricans are going to do something for themselves too instead of constantly demanding handouts!Sick of them mooching w/my taxes!
@DLoesch Got any smart alec takes on this shit? Can we unite yet?
28 of sept at 12.. @CentralParkNYC all puertoricans united for Puerto rico our people are in trouble and the holding the supplies
Thank you for leading here. Please make sure that our government does everything it can to save these fellow American citizens
Bell Huey fleets port generators distribution triangulation+fuel is not the only energy source alternative solar power (access not excuses)
Thanks
Nope it's the gov that want to get paid before they release the donations to the people #puertorico
Do you know how absurd this sounds. I've seen transport planes in my town in FL unload 3 helicopters and a truck. Bulldozers and loaders e-z
It didn't work well in Florida. Not at all.
Read pleas directly from municipalities by local paper  Nuevo dia http://Endi.com . Marcos, mayors have sattelite phones.
Trump hates brown people.
i don't understand why fuel and vehicles were not on the ship especially knowing this issue. this is political BS that will take lives. Sad
Make something happen. This many days late is too long. #PuertoRicansAreAmericans and they'll remember this. They vote on the mainland.
I'm reading they're out of good water and meds and Trump blames them. GOP gave usa a monster
If only you worked for an arm of the government that could enact emergency legislation, or influence the executive branch to take action
The Jones Act is not going to save the people and is false reason. The boats are there. There is limited transport in the island is cause.
We are shipping supplies from Orlando. Friday 9-1 bring supplies like food and water.    @FBCWindermere
Talk is cheap....unless your boss is counting on cheap to make a buck.  Do your job.
Christ almighty you do have some power to do something with your fellow republican cretins.  Dems will step up
this is a disgrace.
Trump says "we're thinking" about lifting the Jones Act but people in shipping don't want him to.
Thank you for helping Puerto Rico
@marcoRubio
Why dont you communicate directly to the President? Ridiculous - just trying to make him look bad
Where is do-nothing Ayn Rand-disciple Speaker Paul Ryan (R)?
Little Marco playing the I care card. But was willing to let seniors and people with pre conditions go without insurance. Very Christian
Marco Rubio. Owned by Koch brothers and will vote as told by them for a lousy few bucks. Willing to take away healthcare from millions
There will be video footage of the human cost of this situation and the Republican Party will own this.  Shame
There are no excuses possible for not sending aid to PR. Shame, disgusting. To this admin, notably 45, Rupub Sens and House.
Where did you come from? I thought you'd gone missing.
K
this is @realDonaldTrump 's #Katrina what a disaster, it's as if he doesn't care at all about those brown skinned Americans, hmm
Thank you for continuing to push Puerto Rico into the spotlight. You are a leader for all Americans.
Shut up Rubio. My biggest regret was voting for you in the primary.
As usual. All hat no cattle. Get busy doing something. You are a United States Senator! Stop tweeting. Pathetic grandstander.
Keep us updated
The president hasn't done enough to help. How do you get him to do more ?
Thank you!
How about your constituents here in Florida, we're still hurting? You work for us, their Gov just said Trump doing all.
Townhall we can raise money
WHY ARENT U PRESSURING PRES 2 LIFT JONES ACT IMMEDIATELY? He admitted on TV “concerns from shipping”; is that Wall St? THESE R AMERICANS!
Can @DeptofDefense help solve logistical problems and provide resources?
Marco: 1-Repeal the Jones Act 2- Have FEMA mobilize fleet of helicopters from Army/Navy to deliver supplies. Roads are shut truckers scarce
Marco Rubio, while we appreciate your concerns re: PR, why is it that nothing has been done about that ridiculous Jones Act.  Please repeal!
Oh know.. here come the Psalms Again.. thats legislation? What on earth are you doing, Donald steps on your face and you LAY there!
And you are doing exactly what to make sure the US GOVERNMENT takes care of its territories? Getting #JonesAct waived? Getting FEMA $ there?
People with souls want to know since #soulless @POTUS could not possibly care less about the plight & suffering of American POC.
Your enabling of this lawless and corrupt administration has helped cause this situation. You should be ashamed. #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
So you wanna get your party in the senate and Dems in the senate to stop being useless and work together to pressure the WH? Waiting...
The government must make all hurricane prone areas bury their utility lines, so we the American taxpayers don't have to replace keep replace
Did you know Wh House reportedly wants to limit lawmakers from going to PR? Info is desperately needed-why wouldn't they want you there?
Saw Rivera on Fox PLEADING for more help while Trump pontificates on no-detail health plan.
Rubio is saying things to make him appear human, and not a corp proxy. What is he going to do about any of these conditions & the Jones Act?
Can't you bring up something in Congress to lift the Jones Act? It seems like that needs to happen ASAP.
Again, you will never be president. Your party hates you and your ethnicity. You wanna do good, introduce a bill to help get supplies there.
@Fahrenthold Trump said all good.  No worries
I know you belong to the same party but you should speak up against Trump. The guy could care less about Latinos and we all know it.
Mass evacuation must start.
How about cruise ships heading over there? They did with Harvey!!!  They have the capability to make drinking water for thousands!!!
Get on that childish @POTUS and make DO something right!
We found a way with Florida,Texas, Why won't we do our best for our brothers and sisters, babies are sick,od Forgive US. Blood on our hands.
You need to plead with your party leaders. The rest of us agree that the situation is dire.
@POTUS adds America to his travel ban.
Trump orders Puerto Rico travel ban for Congress after criticism of his hurricane response http://ift.tt/2wX9PmX 
In other words, no one devised a plan. This is the void that govt fills. In this case it's obviously lacking and blame is on all (Fed & PR).
Federal response overlays local/state response. Totally anti-Trump, but this is a reflection of baseline capabilities in PR more so than Fed
I tell you what dude you better freaking do something!!!!!
Have Senate work on aid to these Americans now not in a couple of weeks. It will be too late for some people by then.
You can lay much of the blame for this on @realDonaldTrump who took a FULL week to acknowledge the trajedy. #priorities
Don't tweet-act!
Please respond - where is the best place for us to donate $ if we can?
Thank you for reporting. But leave that to the news media. What are YOU DOING? #puertorico needs ACTIONS and FAST! Ppl are DYING!
You must impeach or invoke the 25th amendment. We need a president during this crisis. Don't be a coward.
We need leaders not reporters Marco.
Deep blue here, but mad props to Sen Rubio for ldrship and work on #Mariarecovery. 
If you actually want to help, push to waive the Jones act or better yet repeal it.
Helicopters could drop things - these people are dying
Your party just doesn't know how to govern. Katrina/puerto Rico, just step aside! People are suffering
Tech brain #maps + #drones  @amazon, @Google , @facebook, @apple
So what are you going to DO??
#TrumpsKatrina
Can you introduce legislation to lift the Jones Act for Puerto Rico? Surely, you can find bipartisan support for an end run around Trump.
The senator’s thread reminds me of a speech @maxbrooksauthor gave to Army leadership a few years ago . On YouTube somewhere. Brooks 4 FEMA!
Seriously, get the Air Calvary down there to land at each little village and make an ad-hoc radio network. That will allow for communication
Congress must act now, in emergency session if need be, if the President refuses to do his job to save Puerto Rico.
What is Congress doing?  Waiting 2 weeks to vote on an aid package?  Do it now!  #PuertoRico
Send more ships - cruise ships if you have to! Any action is better than just talking! We need to get supplies down there NOW!
I just saw that a cruise ship is headed there.
Tell @ricardorossello to get #PRAFAA working faster n stop with the red tape buroaucrisy
You are a damn senator! Learn how to thread your tweets!
Gonna forward this to @realDonaldTrump.
isn’t @POTUS lack of action on this a dereliction of duty? @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
DO SOMETHING NOW!!!   Your party runs our country. Don't tweet - do something!  Waive Jones Act! Send troops! #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
The "leader" of the party is Trump. Rubio is in PR working and assessing. He's a senator of Florida. Bitch at Trump, not Rubio.
It’s pretty sad that celebrities are doing more to help Puerto Rico than our government is.
Liar
Do you realize a basketball player and a pop singer have done more than the government? Why are Republicans so gawd awful at helping people.
They don't believe in government and that's what it's for.
Tweet em a Bible verse, Marco!
SO WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THIS???? You are in Congress, MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN!!!!
Then, do something.
Thank you, Senator Rubio
They are Americans and Trump is killing them. 
Do something. Don't tweet take action.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #JonesAct #JonesAct #JonesAct #JonesAct #JonesAct #JonesAct #JonesAct #JonesAct
Where is the Military? Why hasn't @realDonaldTrump lifted the Jones act!? Despicable!
We do this in bombed out war zones. That's what this is. Drones for cell comms. Temp comm sites. Walkie Talkie. Get C3 going. #PuertoRico
Repeal the Joansact!
I know what will work- tweet some bible verses
We have the worlds best Military..tell me how they can communicate of battlefields in the middle east, but you cant get Puerto Rico occupied
thanks for the first hand account but work on getting the Jones Act Suspension passed. TIA! #PuertoRicoRelief
Thank you Senator Rubio for being a strong advocate for our families in Puerto Rico .#floridastrong #puertoricostrong
Send the #SeaBees, have a #PuertoRicanAirlift ala #BerlinAirlift, land an Army Division. Lift the Jones Act today.
It took roughly 4 months to get the Berlin airlift going.  Resources are there but distribution/communications are the problem.
You mean up to speed, first convoy of planes 4 days. 6-221948 blockade 6-24-48 planning 6-25 orders 6-26 32 planes land in Berlin. Google EZ
Situation was highly fluid and Airlift was a shit show until Tunner got involved.  Logistics wins. Great read is: 
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0425227715/ …
Still, only 4 days to start. And since materials are bottlenecked in port moving in equipment and personnel would relieve a lot of suffering
Which wasn't enough to feed U.S. troops stationed in Berlin.  Re: PR.  FEMA has been since before the storm pre-staging meals/water.
They are bringing in supplies/personnel by air+helo's etc. but you do realize that it takes time to mobilize etc..
Lemay was asked if he could haul Coal His answer "We can haul anything" 
1948.
Only way for Puerto Rico to survive is they become the 51st state.
Shameful lapse of leadership and responsibility on this.
So get your Senate/House colleagues to DO SOMETHING about it. Cheeto-in-Chief won't and if you are waiting for him, people will DIE.
Raise hell with Trump now!
No one needs tweets.  Show some fucking leadership and get them some help.  They are AMERICANS!
Then support @SenJohnMcCain's call to #RepealJonesAct and actually DO something for once, you embarrassment to Florida. - signed an FL voter
Your complicity in supporting the criminal president is now coming to fruition. Wtf did you THINK this asshole was going to be? #PuertoRico
Little Marco just cowers at the sight of trump. He didn't have the balks to call him what he is, a fascist,racist bully!
What about the Virgin islands
Get the military down there with all of their rebuilding capacity!
You are not to be believed.
Perhaps Sen. Rubio could be telling this to FEMA and Military instead of Tweeting?
Don't you wish you were in the #280Club The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. How much wood could a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, sea clita nonumes tincidunt ne, ne mea labore percipit torquatos, error periculis asseentior e
Finally! Something important, other than your Bible verses.
Thank you for keeping us up-to-date Marco I don't usually like you...but... You're better than some of them up there
Send in the gottdamn military. We spend 54% of the entire budget on them. Put 'em to work!!!
Stop acting like u care, If u did u would follow Fema and all DOD twitter feeds to share information. https://www.defense.gov/News/Special-Reports/0917_hurricane-maria/ …
Call your buddy big d. Only he can fix it, right?
Thanks for the update but what EXACTLY is being done now, lives are at stake...
how are things going in Florida?
If only there was an American governing body w/ their own house so they could convene at any hour to make a law to help these Americans
Point-POTUS has Not filled how many adminstrative cabinet positions. This has to be impact for acting admin. agencies for Puerto Rico. Sad
I think he just waived it,I saw it on twitter
Thank you for real info. @AmericanBakers members #PanPepin, #HolsumdePuertoRico working hard to feed impacted families.
So DO SOMETHING !!
Can we trust you,you're not White? What kind of name is Marco? Sounds subversive. You're not one of those kneelers? You know Ricky Riccardo?
Why tell us? Tell trump. His official policy is Jones Act & no shipping increases. You will all be held accountable.
Accountable in Hell and with the voters
Prefer accountable to civil and criminal charges.
Tweets are not getting #PuertoRico the needed help. Congress must save our fellow Americans. #DoYourJob @marcorubio.
Jones act.  It's on you.
Trump/exec branch controls the waivers.
I understand there are 3,000 shipping containers  FULL of supplies sitting since SAT! Get the stuff delivered!
Fuckheadmagoo, you’ve just listed a bunch of problems that you and your racist prez should have already fixed. This is NOT an update
we HAVE to be related...My kid, maybe you know her? Legs McGee?
go away!!!
Appreciate the update, Senator. We are the most powerful nation on earth. We MUST take care of Puerto Rico. No excuses!
His is what you should be doing! And jones waiver act!
New York State is sending additional personnel from @NYSDOT, including truck drivers, to Puerto Rico. https://twitter.com/DavidBegnaud/status/913088574983168000 …
Stop fucking tweeting and help those people no?
Question: if there is lack of fuel for vehicles why not airdrop? The us DoD has plenty of helicopters.

.@realDonaldTrump, suspend the Jones Act. 

Americans in Puerto Rico devastated by Hurricane Maria need our help.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/25/opinion/hurricane-puerto-rico-jones-act.html?mcubz=1&_r=0 …
Jones act is not the problem.  Tons of tonnage available. Com's are down and they have no people to drive trucks.
That is a problem. That is why troops were needed to go there days ago. But jones act is still a huge problem:
FEMA was there BEFORE the hurricane and pre-staged. Troops are there. You have to 1: Rescue/Triage 2; Get ports ready 3,clear roads/distro
4. Get supplies out.  Its a logistical nightmare even with pre-staging that can not be solved overnight.  Plus Texas/Florida in mix
NAVY NAVY NAVY!
Maybe you want to get the Jones act and lifted so other countries can help and get in there with these people
Unfortunately we are people of color, Trump does not care, we are at the bottom of the totem pole.  People are literally dying!!

Governor of Puerto Rico urges those who can drive a bus to help deliver vital supplies as nation works on recovery, @DavidBegnaud reports 
Governor of PR is failing badly. It is clear he is way over his head, Military needs to take over coordination of all relief efforts
ANYBODY would be in over their head in this disaster - are you there? What exactly would you do? have some damn empathy.
I have tremendous empathy for those suffering. Gov is unable to handle distribution issues of disaster relief, getting aid out important NOW
I agree - and sorry I didn't mean to say damn, that was not nice...
What is the plan to help the people in Puerto Rico??
When are you going to make sure Jones act is suspended, PT needs help NOW!
How about you learn a thing or two from governor Cuomo?
Like how to look good for the cameras while doing absolutely nothing?  No thanks.  I'd rather have Sen. Rubio doing what he is doing.
Right.  Why don't you make me tough guy?  BTW, I didn't vote for Trump.
Thank you for keeping us updated. Prayers for all
I don't want to hear about what is going on. I want to hear about what YOU and your colleagues are DOING!!!!!!!
Heh. You might be waiting a while, ehm.
We need the Rubio plan to be implemented and turned over to the military.  What's the "Rubio Plan"?  Let's put a Roundtable of Capable logistic and crisis management experts and let's write it!  Count me in!
Grow a spine and suspend the Jones Act, even though Trump says shipping companies are against it.
Fact @AMPmaritime used to be known as the the "Maritime Cabotage Task Force and @marcorubio is a supported of the #JonesAct
Can you please tell us if lifting Jones Act is beneficial.
Puerto Rico does not want independence.  They want statehood.  They already voted back in June 2017.  They are commonwealths, not colonies.
Right now Congress has yet to consider their petition.
