When exactly during your life did you make the decision to become a horrible person?!  You are shameful...
There must be some self respect left in there somewhere, Marco.
not as good as President Obama or womens March on Washington. Gotta laugh, trump is so VAIN! WORST day ever in American history
Bigger crowd of protesters. You do know he did NOT win the popular vote by A LOT.
Really? I was telling people that I, a Floridian, was starting to respect you, that you were standing up for what was...
You know this is not a great day and we will need you to put country over party in the coming days, weeks, months, and years.
Wah!!! Mommyyyyyy!!!!!
Drink some coffee snowflake. You're still as drunk as you were in this picture.
I'll be drunk for the next 8 glorious years!
You're going to need to be when you lose your job and your health insurance.
Why so negative? I WORK so I'll be quite alright! ;)
@bleiby527@westgal51 so did I but hes taking it...betta get a better job.
Are you speaking English? Where do you work?
History will refer to this day as a day of mourning for our country. A time of corruption, of deception, and grotesque populism.
Wow...you are all up in the POTUS huh.  Guess you swallowed your pride.  Sellout!
The end of America as we know it............so I guess you were bullied into submission.........
Greater crowd in 21 January - you must have missed them as no comment on largest protest in us history?
Yes, it was a great day for me! Yuge honor... currently setting my iron fist rule... America will pay! #IAmABigBoy #EmporerTrump
Did you check out the crowd the next day? This was NOT a great crowd when the majority was there OPPOSING!
does it still feel GREAT?
small crowd! Bigger crowd day after!
...right.  Boy was I wrong. To stay silent is to take the side of the oppressor!
You talk a tough game, but no follow through. As a Man and Husband, I could not support a person that insulted my wife and kids
Inauguration Day 2017 was a very sad day for the USA.
No.  Not a 'great crowd'.  Small.
Why does "reported" size matter soooo much to you guys? I sense some insecurity.
Did you know then that our country was being turned over to a man that would be KING. STOP the madness before it's too late.
History will show this Inaug as one of most Pathetic days ever. And u were at the front of the line.  All talk and no action.
The Women's March? 
Oh wait, no Pink hats &way less people! Remember when he called you Little Marco? You know you hate him.
You missed the real opportunity to be a Christian  Tillerman not prolife only pro his wealth
holy shit that's a lot of people... 

Was Jan20 really great day for US? For us, day of infamy. In meantime, how abt protecting r public lands?
@SenRubioPress WOW Look at the Crowd LOL The Press say it was Small...Not!!The HOTEL..Reservations way past that of Obama's 2008
talking about crowds again. Wtf is wrong with you.
what ever you’re smoking, I want some. #JustSaying
Bahahahahahahaha that crowd was sparse compared to 2008. A tenth if he was lucky.
because all the babies stayed home 
So if you don't support Trump you're a baby? Now THAT'S democracy! 
I do support him now he is our president and am very happy #Hillary is not
I have no problem with it. But you called the people who didn't go babies. What's up with that?
the whining dems and Hollywood cry babies
@westgal51I have a right to ..you might be next???
I have cried for years but didn't wear a pink hate and go around inciting division
But NOT as big as OBAMA's!!! Class act for 8 years, followed by the biggest embarrassment in history!
surely you jest
What a joke! 1/7th the crowd for President Obama! You better listen to the majority or you will be out of a job!
.@marcorubio You are our only hope now to protect us from #RexTillerson who would destroy this country. We know that u KNOW that
lol
You are a TURN COAT!!!!
OK, Little Marco
that's a great angle, the crowd looks HUGE (biggest ever) for @realDonaldTrump #prom #Inauguration ceremony to become @POTUS
Such a suck up grow some balls.
not nearly as big as our WORLD wide crowd on Saturday
ya habrá tiempo de ajustarte las cuentas cubanito.
Are you really buying into his delusion? Seriously.  Shades of 1984 happening in our capital
Seriously, did you see the crowd on Saturday? How about this cover? You better get it together or you will be fired too. #resist
hahaha!
and god bless Rachel Maddow.
Also if Rex Tillerson gets in and sanctions are lifted, we will hold the Senate and Congress responsible-We are watching closely
Sir. Please know the majority of Americans are not happy at all with this administration. And we did not forget about Russia.
shitty crowd for a horrible day for this country. You watch!!!
yeah, great day alright. Are you on a different planet?
Our crowds were bigger. The world is against this ass, please wake up!
the crowd numbers sucked and so does the POTUS. How do you live with yourself? We are kicking u all out next election. U watch
really? You've weighed in on the crowd debate too. Propaganda doesn't work. The press weren't the only ones taking photos.
Not a great day! Not at all. He remains a con artist with multiple conflict of interest.  No to Sessions & Tillerson! NO!
poor crowd on a very sad day for our failing republic. hail caesar.
send this photo to news media. Let them count all the people.  Depends on one point of view.
Seriously?!?
worst day of my life. Hypocrisy little Marco.//you remember what he. Said?
.@marcorubio oh boy boy if you EVER want to be in his position keep your distance. #BestAdvice
I Want To Know Why YOU Have Done A 180 On All Things Trump? Where is your honor?  What have they got on you? What deal did u do?
Donald Trump set to ‘eliminate arts funding programs’, cutting off NPR and PBS
GET OFF HIS NUUUTTTSSS
.@marcorubio wait is this Friday or Saturday?? 
clearly that's Friday. The crowd isn't big enough to be Saturday.
Are you still proud? 20 million set to lose their health insurance.
Little Marco!
@SenRubioPress laughing at great crowd tweet. U n Trump can't see well. Be quiet n it'll go away.
yes the Wimens March was! For once I agree ! Your a weasel for rolling over! No backbone!
But they were the size of the Master's hands.
it's nice... but not like that of Obama's inauguration. I pray u & Trump do whats good for Americans, not you and trumps cronies
Tell POTUS to stop dwelling on crowd size.  Be a President
you must be high. But your a sellout
I really had respect for you before the election but now I wonder how you can look in the mirror. DJT is a crazy orange man !!!

nothing great about it you little.....
you must have been at another events.  There were more protesters than supporters. First time there was worldwide protest. FACT
you should learn to express gratitude. Someone literally found and handed you your spine !! Gusano !
- really Rubio?
I see white.
...still NO COMMENT on the amazing women march????.
come on Marco you know it's not a great day. Don't start sucking up to the bully. Do what's right
Senator u know how ridiculous our President is. the world are laughing at him but also scared.Why cant u do anything?
I would add this: Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing.
I was part of that crowd and now we're back and it's time you listened to your constituents! No to Tillerson! No to DeVoss!!
You need to stop the postering

Trump is already Making America Great Again....  BOYCOTT HOLLYWOOD and all their Bubble World goofball cronies!
Trump is Hitler jr. We will resist and fight him every damn day
it IS your right to be anti-American ...to be a bigot and a racist.  It's sad to watch you embarrass yourself this way.  good luck
Trump is a fascist,racist,rapist who will start a civil war. Millions of Americans see him as worse than Hitler

NO mention of the larger crowd the following day Marco?Or in Florida? Please do not pretend to care about US. We see thru you.
You should see the crowd at your Orlando office today
greater crowds on #millionwomensmarch open your eyes
Hey Little Marco, don't ever forget that we still call you Little Marco, just not publicly now that you're kissing up to us.
Also one big celebration in the kremlin you spineless git.
I think you meant "Smallest crowd in decades on a dark day for our country."
Where can we maybe find your spine? aimlessly still looking I bet
How about this crowd? AWESOME
STOP focusing on crowd size. ridiculous. how much did trump pay you to post this? sell out. confirming worst crooks in history
SELLOUT!
Feb 26 2016, you call trump a con artist. Now his inauguration is a great day for USA? You're getting smaller every day!
The saddest day for America!!! #Inauguration
No it isn't.  People are panicking.  And wait till you go down the drain with Trump and lose your next election. Same as Trump
You represent Floridians, Cubans, and immigrants from around the world. How can you let this happen, Mario? We need you to be4US
#coward
alternative truth for u too!
This was a great day!
sad
you'll be in the front row in 4 years.
I - moderate independent - would have voted for you. Watching what you do now to protect our democracy. Please do better.
thought you were a big boy, naw tangercoon was right, lil marco, he got a head pat 4 ur vote 2day, gd boy,go sit till next time
boy you caved like a beaten down illegal, who got caught under the fence, you caved like a girl who peed, on his self, you caved
Not as great as the woman march. You out to remember that if you vote against our right to choose.
is that the women's march?  Yes that was a great day #rubioisacoward
incompetent and dangerous POTUS. No spine to vote against SOS
get some balls!  Thought you would do what was right! #inbedwithbigoil
get off your knees and act like a man little Marco
you're a puppet.

How about showing a pic of the greater crowd the day after?
you are a whimp. You are a sellout who voted to confirm a man that you know will not put our country first
This is what you call a great crowd. #WomensMarchOnWashington
WOMENS MARCH HAVE MORE PEOPLE THAN TRUMP INAUGURATION, BLIND OR WHAT?
why repeat lies. Why not push back on the lies?
And look here! An even greater crowd! This was a great day for our country and, in fact, the world.
You truly are a class act.
@SenRubioPress Alternative facts. Spineless sycophant.
LOLOLOL
Boy, you really are sucking up to Trump now.
Do you want to known as a sell-out and a liar?
It was a small crowd for a president that the majority of us refused to attend or even watch on TV.
doctored photo much?
why should you get paid more than a military man who puts his life on the line
no comments on #womenmarchonwashington ? Only that inauguration had a great crowd. Funny that's what Trump said too. #shill
Come on now I was in DC and it was empty. Saturday however a day of TRUE democracy.
not according to the press. Thanks for the photo
#WomensMarch
#AlternativeFacts
You would not have been my first choice but I would have voted 4 u over Trump.  You've just screwed up ever getting my vote
Coward. Oh, I'm sorry, I meant sniveling #Coward. You put #PartyFirst not #country first with your #Tillerson cave in
Great crowd on Saturday also. Comment? No?
I'm a nobody, yet am excited you are helping this administration, in a few areas. I look forward to voting for you as President
No, it wasn't.  You're a spin doctor, now, too?

what a crowd you telling alternate facts too
small crowd for a sad day
haha more lies brought to you by those trying to court favor with the racist/misogynist in the new #whitesonlywhitehouse

Is this how you hold Trump accountable or did you just run again because no one offered you a cushy job?

spineless
Spineless! No 2018/2020 Votes
SHOW THIS PIC 
TO #MEDIA ??!
#
#GreatCrowd !!
Not. #alternativefactsarenotfacts
.@marcorubio the majority of voters aren't fooled by "alternative facts" Like regular facts, sure, except they are lies
Greater crowd, greater day. #TheResistance
Thanks for supporting Mr Tillerson!
worst that ever happened to florida @marcorubio
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/01/21/world/womens-march-pictures.html?_r=0 …
It was neither a great crowd nor a great day for America.  You Republicans lie so easily.
You just let that entire crowd of more than 3 million citizens down. Shame. Weak. Coward.

Of course you are talking about Women's March!!
this was a horrible damn day
Yeah...Jan 21st did have a great crowd, ACROSS THE WORLD denouncing Trump. UR going to bite it.
Puke. What's so great about having #Putin in charge of our "democracy?"
yes little Marco, the crowd is larger, up close to you and him, but look toward the back...see? All white ground covering! SAD!
not as big as Obama's crowd.... not even close...
This was the smallest crowd in 50 years and the nielsen ratings were the lowest in 20 years. The inaug. was pathetic
Great day for our country, huh?  Spineless.   http://www.tampabay.com/news/politics/stateroundup/marco-rubios-10-greatest-slams-against-donald-trump/2290183 …
"Our country" being Russia? And all this time I thought your family was from Cuba.
US docs inefficient & charge too high.Shud put price ceilings for treatments & meds. Let lazy docs compete. Learn from Taiwan!
OK!  Does the size of the crowd really matter. Trump is all pissed that Obama crowd was bigger and forced his press sec to lie
Yes it was
Did you get a call from somebody on trump' steam telling you that you betted vote YES?! You're just a BIG O***Y!!#Trump's BITCH!
