This is insane!
Bien hecho senador @marcorubio siga ayudando a Venezuela y Bolivia
Este senador esta muy activo porq aspira s el primer presidnte hispano si estuvieran vivos sus abuelos q tristeza tndrian por su actucion
>Injerencista abusivo>  @marcorubio Gringo Go Home. @liliantintori <Farsante sinverguenza #ConstituyentePorLaPaz
#ConstituyentePorLaPaz Rubio y Tintori mienten,el delincuente criminal preso esta bien
you need to think about USA and FL not Venezuela. budget, wall and security for us
You are Venezuelas hero @marcorubio thank you for your support and caring about our human rights.. after all we deserve to know
Marco, por favor nos estan matando! 24 millones de Americanos pueden perder su seguro medico gracias a #AHCA. Ayuda a tu pueblo!
Well you be having a town hall during your 11 day recess?
Will*
Will you please focus on vulnerable Americans about to lose their healthcare?
Don' t be so selfish I am not Venezurlan but am concerned is a country in need of prayers and goodwill
that's not selfish. as constituents we just prefer he focus his time in addressing the mountain of domestic issues.
Can you eat and watch tv at the same time?He cares about the issues here and aboard
he cares about Venezuela because of campaign donations. he doesn't care about other international corrupt  governments. #selfinterest
El ladron cree q todos son de su condicion! What a shame
This is a ridiculous rebuttal. We are done here.
Yes be gone#selfish
Wish you'd spend an ounce of your energy towards #Venezuela on #Floridians. Focus on #Florida first. #FloridaFirst @FloridaGOP #TCOT
Stay focused. Your party is trying to wipe out working people's ability to earn OT pay. They think you can pay bills with comp time.
Stay away from latin america bussiness. 
Operation Condor no more!!!!!
cual regimen mentiroso aqui se eligió al Pdte Nicolás ppor parte del pueblo, deja de meterte con Venezuela basta grin go home
falsos positivos para atacar un Pdte honesto y responsable con la Patria , respeta a Venezuela ocupese de su país!
Senador Marco Rubio por favor nos están matando que más puede pasar para que se verdad exista una intervención internacional, cuantos ayuda
Dear Marco Rubio: Thank you for what you do for Venezuela. Please confirm whether it is true of Leopoldo Lopez. Anguish in venezuela.
Why do not you ask trump, let the families of the prisoners of Guantanamo see them. Idiot. We will not allow you to steal my country's oil
So you post a false positive (you must used to, no surprises there) AND demand stuff from a foreign government x')
You have to vote against Trumpcare.  Do it for the people.  Show us that you really care
Marco, por favor nos estan matando! 24 millones de Americanos pueden perder su seguro medico gracias a #AHCA. Ayuda a tu pueblo!
Please remember that you work for Florida not Venezuela.
That is the same hospital where Cahez died and after many days they confirmed he was dead
#SosVenezuela help please
@MariaCorinaYA @hcapriles @hramosallup @JulioBorges Se preocupa mas Marco Rubio que ustedes por la Salud de Leopoldo Lopez ..dan mucha pena
Hi Marco Rubio fake news.
.We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
I pay taxes too, and I completely agree that Venezuela needs the American support!
Whaaatttt!! You are addressing Latin American issues? I thought you had forgotten what your name was during the campaign..
#voteno
It's bizarre how you focus on events around the world so you don't ever have to deal with the events your constituents are dealing with.
Worry about our health care don't vote for TRUMP CARE
Just like our President who denies and calls media fake news.  Wake up Mario we have a wannabe dictator In WH
It's too bad you don't have this much passion to protect Americans from this administration.
The GOP have shown they care more about loyalty to a weak and mentally unstable individual than their own principles, or even the law.
You seem more concerned about Venezuela than you do the USA and your constituents. Please focus on your job or move. Trumpy is destroying us
Y entonces senador? Donde esta su objetividad? Eres un abusador que ataca mi pais, quedaste mal por difundir noticia falsa.
Americans in Florida need health care and people to read the details before signing a doomed bill. We will remember what you do on vote.
Vote NO on ACA repeal. We with pre-existing conditions deserve better.  If you have something BETTEr, say it.
U need to get home and work on the mess you are making here.
You sure are excited about all that Venezuelan oil money you are going to suck up. $$$ in your eyes and foaming at the mouth for the $$$
Rubio a Corporate fascist looking to pillage Venezuela's natural resources - bud sold his soul to the devil loooong time ago.
a US Senator fell for fake news. Pathetic !
Why isn't there more Venezuela coverage?
How about U take care of our own gigantic orange POS dictator first little Marco!!!
Keep it up Marco.
Fe de vida Leopoldo López y Diosdado Cabello - "Con el Mazo Dando" en VTV. Mayo 3 d... https://youtu.be/wCNg0TOiVVE  vía @YouTube
El G2 Cubano en conjunto con Diosdado Cabello buscan es desprestigiar su credibilidad tienen que tener más cuidado
When is cuban clinton rome cia salary & commission cuts going to be presented to the house judicial committee
maybe they been watching Trump deny reputable media as fake news
marco obviamente estos narco-terroistas quieren quedarse en el poder al costo que sea. Dile a trump
SOS  Marco  Rubio
español
inglés

INGLÉS
They want to make us believe in old video that is fine .. We are not satisfied
I know The U.S. has no interest in Venezuela but is our job to help them! Why Trump has not sent our troops there to help the people!?
NARCOrubio Embustero, les tumbamos otro falso positivo. Fe de vida de Leopoldo López
Save our healthcare!! Do your job!
Thank you for speaking out against Maduro and Cabelli

There is aREASON DOCTORS doNOT support this! If you do-we will make SURE you are no longer around to HURT Americans! https://twitter.com/amermedicalassn/status/859946936983576582 …
Senador que Dios lo bendiga. Gracias por mantener la atención en la tragedia de millones de Venezolanos
Don't go sticking our noses in that mess too. Can we please stick to straightening out this country..bring our troops home
Stop worrying about god damn Venezuela and get some skin in the game on Russian & our democracy!! Jezzz! Aren't Republicans all MAGA & shit!
Es una lastima amigo luigi marcano que se deje quedar en ridículo retwiteando este tipo de mensajes
My big question is what is the US waiting to help this country in you own continent?
DEBERIAN TERMINAR DE INVADIR VZLA LE REGALAMOS EL PETROLEO Q NO GOZAMOS PERO QUITANOS A ESTOS MALDITOS
Thanks 
you're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar.
Venezuela is dealing with the castro regime. Venezuelan people will not be able toget rid of comunism without a prompt international help
Senator DEA knows they are ALL criminals. Why is the US still giving them money for oil? STOP the flow of money. Please
en colombia acaban d.pasar una nota http://donde.se.ve  a leopoldo diciendo q.esta bien q esta en la.carcel dice hora y día prueba.dvida
Ese vídeo lo vi, pero la situación se presentó en horas de la noche, y obviamente este vídeo fue tomado de día... ese vídeo no es de hoy.
jumm solo oro por que este bien x el bien d su.familia y d Venezuela
You suck too Marco! Sell out!
Wife and Mother!!!
This is crazy this man is a demon talking about Leopoldo's family trying to kill Leopoldo! Video of Leopoldo also
#FakeNews #NoticiaFalsa
Hey you remember lil hands Trump.. He is not your buddy. #TrumpLies #Russiagate #releaseyourtaxes
Eres un inmoral NarcoRubio @marcorubio sigue con tu show de lagrima de cocodrilo! Una vez mas @leopoldolopez la Revolucion te ha salvado
Cabello is making fun of your comments on national tv
Why our President is not doing anything!???
Exactly! please we need to help @leopoldolopez now!NM's regime maintains an innocent man jailed @realDonaldTrump please help freed this hero
Any what is to be expected of communist regime?
Unfortunately not that easy in Venezuela
You should be able to solve it. You go them to the WH. @realDonaldTrump @chuckschumer @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr
no creo que esto sea cierto! Tanto @liliantintori como el abogado no han confirmado que lo han visto! Todo lo contrario!
U.S. HAS TO INTERVENE! ASAP!!!!
They didn't give information to any of them Lilian and family're going to Ramo Verde prision to find out if Leopoldo is there, and how is he
No los dejaron pasar #SosVzla
But they didn't. This is a dictatorship
Ayuda a Venezuela!! Por favor Ayuda!!Mis ojos están llenos de lágrimas en este momento!!No más muertes!!
Mr Rubio: Do you have any phone to call you about your tuiter about Capriles? Thank you.
Get rid off the Raul Castro regime.  Next missle crises in Venezuela, by the Iran government, sponsored by Raul Castro regime.
False flag to confuse people while tyranny continues its destructive plan and install a communist state in Venezuela
Hi Senator, can you please confirm if your source is reliable? Or did you base your tweet on Leopoldo Castillo's tweet? Thank you
#freeleopoldo
Al pendiente Senador @marcorubio #Venezuela 
they are dictators, cruel and inhuman, Cabello said that even though you are worried, LL won't be granted visits 'cause he's punished
Please #HelpVenezuela Stop giving visa to any direct or indirect family from people in the government
Senator NO money from oil and the problem is solved in less than a month. PLEASE  talk to the President. STOP buying oil from Venezuela now
Very sad 
Why don't you worry about Russia/Trump collusion....big problem on US
Senator the Venezuelan government is KILLING their own people with our help. STOP buying oil from Venezuela and help them save their country
En el hospital militar niegan que Leopoldo este allí. Ahora van camino a Ramo Verde Carcel.
Por favor Venezuela esta siendo destruida por esta corruptocracia totalitaria, que el mundo lo vea que el mundo lo sepa.
Thank you senator for being concerned about the situation in our country!
 keep shining light on this issue. We have communist governments like maduros who support drug dealers and terrorist around the world
This game is over. We have to stop the #Venezuela regime because all the Venezuela families are @leopoldolopez We are right @POTUS #ONU #OEA
Al regimen no le importa nada, ni nadie. Solo les interesa seguir en el poder... Hoy le pasaron por encima una tanqueta de GNB un joven ..
Today there are more important and painful situations for the country than leopoldo's health. Let us focus on the right and not the yellow.
You are also our voice in the USA, thank you!
Stop ACHA or TeumpNoCare!!!!
por favor que paso con leopoldo digan algo por favor
Senator 25,000 stolen Venezuelan identities sold in the Middle East to potential terrorists. ..in OUR backyard. STOP buying oil from Vzla.
Please Senador & @realDonaldTrump,I know u r @POTUS but also u r the rightest savior of the world,please go get Maduro as u did with Noriega
Thank you for your support! We appreciate it very much
Thank you senator please keep us #Venezuela posted since no media inform us about anything.
God hear our prayers!! Let wife see him!
Heeeellpp please 
Senator please Venezuelans need your help! Narco Regime mercenaries are killing civilians! We need to know if Leopoldo Lopez is alive! 
Senator what is U. S.  And the internationally community waiting to help Venezuelan people.  They are getting massacred in our own eyes!!
Buenas noches. ¿Me permite algún número para llamarle para entrevista desde México?, Diario El Heraldo de México. Gracias.
Ayudennos por favor
Mr Rubio Please fight the clown in the white house instead of standing for photo ops. #resistthefollyofdonaldtrump
Why is all your focus on Venezuela at all times??? You work for the US taxpayers. DO YOUR JOB.
Can't trust that government. People running the show are good example of what is wrong with the world at times.  Makes me sick
@marcorubio no le compren más petróleo a Vzla el dinero lo usan para comprar armas para atacar al pueblo venezolano
No.. NARCO-RUBIO.... ESTA SANITO.. PARA QUE PUEDA PAGAR CON CÁRCEL LAS MUERTES QUE OCASIONÓ
WELL MARCO I THINK THIS IS THE TIME TO HELP VENEZUELAN AND DESTROY THAT GOVERNMENT. IT IS NOW OR NEVER
Senora, Ud  es una heroina, mi admiracion y respeto. Oramos por Leopoldo. Bendiciones
Sr @marcorubio Venezuela necesita ayuda, no nos dejen solos
ayúdennos
Who cares. You let us down Marco !
Please help Venezuela and you and America will be blessed forever #helpvenezuela
Even the most simple things are denied to them. The president dances while the people is killed in the street. Simple and normal not in Vzla
So freaking evil. It pisses me off that leaders can be so freaking evil. Goverment is way too powerful. So little people governing millions.
Tiene algún número al cual marcarle para entrevista , sobre lo que publicó sobre Capriles en su Twitter? Gracias . Desde Ciudad de México.
Creo que el no sabe español :(
Gracias le escribo en seguida en inglés gracias Daniel....
.

Intervención extranjera Necesaria

Chicos Valientes Arrojados Audaces masacrados por Tirano Cobarde Ladrón Marica
Foreign Intervention Necessary : Venezuelan Kids most Brave Valiant Bold, but are murdered by an Army of Cowards drunken with Communist Hate 
GOD!!! A SHOUTS HEREE
Aberrante; a esta hora el Premio Nobel de Paz colombiano con su silencio, se convierte en cómplice de la masacre a la oposición venezolana.
Así es ! Avergonzante !
Porie tenemoa que esperar a que asesin a mas personas cruelmente para poder entrar militarmente en Venezuela? A parte que son narcotraficant
.

España lucha contra Napoleón y crea la Guerra Asimétrica Guerrilla

Instrucciones Barricada y Máscara anti-Maduro
Spain fights against Napoleon and creates Asymmetrical Warfare "Guerrilla"

Barricade and Mask against a Whoreson Coward…
What about Americans? Nobody cares? #freekevintrudeau
Thank you for all your support Marco! All Venezuelans appreciate it very much
When will U. S. Help stop this tyrant? How many people need to be killed?
When will someone stop the tyrant in our White House!
As millions of people are set to lose healthcare with the new #trumpcare it is hard to believe your sincerity in caring for someone
It was confirmed by his lawyer he is not at the Military Hospital.
Mira Narco Rubio Reclamale a Mata cura por mentiroso
By the way senator...

Did you hear @dcabellr about you?
why do you not respond?
#FeDeVidaDeLeopoldo #FeDeVidaDeLeopoldo #FeDeVidaDeLeopoldo #FeDeVidaDeLeopoldo  EXIGIMOS #FeDeVidaDeLeopoldo #FeDeVidaDeLeopoldo
Agree. They should allow @liliantintori to see her husband
do something senator. Maduro is killing his own people
No queremos mas sanciones que no logran nada, queremos que actuen. El mundo sabe que no hay derechos humanos en Venezuela
Thanks Marco for supporting freedom in Venezuela
Senator we need proof life please help!!!!!!
porqué NADIE HACE NADA???????
Hacer algo como que?
Thank you Rubio for bringing this to light!
Thank you for your support! Venezuelans need all the support they can get in these crucial days we're living.
Need more support still
Que información tienen acerca del estado de leopoldo ???? @marcorubio
hopefully he dies
Por favor ayudenos esto es terrible hasta cuando por Dios, cuantas muertes mas #sosvzla
Cabrones aquí los q tenemos q pedir ayuda es el pueblo q los terrorista de .@liliantintori matando y destruyendo a Venezuela asesinos d mier
"we the people" are coming after congress's social healthcare. #repealcongressHC the preamble says we are equal.
