all these people responding are anti American & can go overseas and live there
when the GOP accepts money from Georgia. Soros
yet you were still bought off by DeVos. You poison America
@chucktodd no but we are not all that innocent either as obama liked to remind the world so much in apology after apology
please don't give them any ideas. Lol
.@marcorubio so when are you going to start standing up for & start impeaching the #SoCalledPresident? Before he gets any ideas from Putin
i theenk it los sometheen in translation. #SizeMatters #CommanderDrymouth
the poisonings are coming. Don't worry. POTUS is using the KGB playbook but we are only in 1st qtr. Poisining is a 3rd qtr play
now anyone with common sense would not say that!  You had George Soro's who was a nazi as the puppeteer with Obams
Who are the Obams?
true BUT YOUR PARTY FIRST COUNTRY LAST MEANS NOTHING TO YOU, THE @GOP AND FELLOW #SENATEREPUBLICAN 's  SHAME ON YOU
@chucktodd #mlk #rfk #jfk #allende & Other coups implicate USA govt tho connex smtms more attenuated than w Putin now perhaps.
you have had repeated chances to get on the right side of this ie Tillerson. Your actions speak louder than your bluster.
Ever read about Seth Rich? More than a few on her list.
scalia
@SenRubioPress give it time little Marco, your 45 and bannon will be moving on to that soon. SMH
@nakashimae  YET!
Article and noun must be either both singular or both plural. Geez, this sentence barely makes sense @marcorubio!
@Tea4maryland  really  Marco the CIA has done it's share of killing in the name of keeping us,safe have more swamp land for you
yes, Putin's actions of murdering political opponents is on the same level as the US
all I'm saying is we are not so pure
agreed, but we're morally superior to Russia. If Obama made this statement the right would be outraged
most likely agree morally we are better
please show solidarity with this administration!  It kills me that the Dems always stick together and we don't!
Rather than solidarity, maybe elected officials should do what's best for the country.
there's a novel approach.
Yeah, not very fashionable these days. Oh hell, a shot in the dark. 
So when are you going to grow a spine, stand up, and publicly denounce Trump on the floor of The Senate?
Rubio now thinking....
Grow a pair and stand up to this fascist demagogue. We do not want authoritarian rule!
Now is the time for Congressional Republicans to put their country first. Don't be remembered as the ones who enabled Trump.
@chucktodd I think your sentiment sounds right here Rubio but your language is confusing.  Has a s/b "have". Talking is hard
Nice to see you stand up. Please keep going. Bannon. Devos, nonsense EOs. #countrybeforeparty #standup #climatechangeisreal
If you disagree, why not vote against some of his cabinet picks. Surely, he must be wrong about some of them, too.
@abbydphillip Make a stand, sir. Or like rats and sinking ships it shall be.
STAND UP where it counts, Mr.Rubio - help us keep the constitution and do YOUR job - Trump is an a$$ and you know it- #resist
and that's why u voted for Rex right?
Country before party. #ImpeachTrump
Well stated, this is what sets us apart. Other GOP have to be willing to stand up too. Country in dire need of common ground.
reminds me of a Springsteen song?
actions speak louder than words. #RESIST #ACTUP #
Your words often prove to be empty... you had a shot w/ Tillerson. Shock the country tomorrow and protect us from DeVos.
Desperdicié mi voto por ti... Pero nunca mas senador.
but you voted for Tillerson. Stop trying to be twitter tough and get tough in real life with your guy, Trump.
Little Marco has no balls and only puts these statements out to earn praise from the beltway pundits. All talk no action
just like McCain!
@Unite2020 sure, tell the Trump
great work there bud.  Let's keep unifying the party. You are not helping go to the corner and think about what you really doing
Let's stop worrying about 'party' and start worrying about the USA.
I would but when the left show that don't want to be part of the solution.  What are we to do?
Your message to @marcorubio indicated you were more concerned with damage to party.
in you view how would you bring both sides together.
That's a tough one, but maybe convene a serious 'off-the-record' meeting with leaders on both sides.
i am sure people would like to meet in the middle but are scared of the reprocation. Image what Pelosi and Schumer
They are grown-ups and professional politicians. They've had thousands of high-level meetings. You're too partisan.
not a big Rubio guy, but this is a phenomenal point.
@progressive_va but you voted for him right?
Thank you for speaking out against DT. That had to feel great. KEEP IT UP for America  #CountryB4Party
.@marcorubio Well said, Senator.
The world's minds have been poisoned by This President, as @GOP stood idly by
good point. You can stand up to him, you know.
you always talk big, then cave. That's your signature move. Just like you did on Tillerson. Put up or shut up dude.
Can't reason with Dems, they have become unhinged.
just like the @GOP during the #ObamaYears #titfortat
no the gop didnt riot and physically attack the opposition #TrumpWonGetOverItMoveOn
No, they just fanned the flames of hatred with their "christian" rhetoric which inspired RW terrorists
I guess you are not a Christian.
how could a Christian vote for @realDonaldTrump? He is the exact opposite of Christianity
I will pray for you.
that does not explain how a Christian could vote for trump. 3 marriages cheating mocking disabled lie
this is a start, now oppose his harmful point of view with your power to vote!
true; now put that into action by blocking his cronies from being appointed.

thank you 
#stand up for the people not #Trump
you no hashtag good
You are enabling @realDonaldTrump
@CarlToddHand I miss a just and honest GOP. One that people could trust and respect was for all Americans.
You can't miss what never was.
I may not agreed with policy, but at least I knew they cared about America. That's dead.
man up and stand up to TrumPutin! 

Our democracy depends on it! 

#DumpDevos #CountryOverParty
PERO VOTÁSTES POR CHEETOLINI, PENDEJO @marcorubio si no fuera boricua antes de americana, te llamara VENDE PATRIA, porque eso es lo que eres
When has a Democratic political activists been poisoned by the GOP, or vice versa? We are not the same as #Putin. MR
your votes must reflect your words. Otherwise Trump and Putin know they mean nothing. Btw, they know exactly what they're doing
If you're just waking up to this, Senator, take a stand! Your constituents want to see you fight Putin's influence!
@55andwhat @DavidPepper @marcorubio he wont hrs afraid of trump all Republicans are they just eye roll or say they wont comment
dam shame we the ppl will not allow Trump and Putin destroy our country and the rest of the world
we the people are with President Trump and SO my friend so should you.
@ @jcsiti @MomToBea @DavidPepper are you saying president trump isn't
How does it feel to have to say this, @marcorubio?
When has a Democratic political activists been poisoned by the GOP, or vice versa? We are not the same as #Putin. MR
so rather than talk why not do something to block Trump agenda?
A simple thank you would have been nice. He will act when something meaningful can be done.
 that was rich.! Go back to sleep please
@KathrynMilofsky well there seems to be a lot of question surrounding deaths of Clinton players.
yet.
please stand up to Trump and the Tea Party Republicans. Do it for your mother
what did Rahm Emmanuel recently speak about winning rather than doing what's right being everything? Machiavelli reincarnate.
does the poisoning of @StoneColdTruth @RogerJStoneJr  a few days ago count? Apparently some of "us" are not so different.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
we Floridians would like Marco to stand up to Trump and make him pay what he did to our Marco,
True. I fear that this POTUS is an authoritarian potential dictator. Please don't continue to turn your head or we could be.
thank you for speaking the truth.
so whats your plan?  Go to war with Russia over Cremia?  shit or get off the pot - nuke them or shut up - its boring
totalitarian leftists like hillary & rahm are just like putin.  They have no regard for law & morals and will do ANYTHING 4power
Unfortunately,cannot say the same for Democratic activists who openly call for harm to the President,like Madonna

for goodness sakes.there is a trail of dead bodies trailing the clintons 4 50 yrs.  USA kills constantly - always has
Senator, I did vote for and generally agree with you, but you and other Republicans are expected to support our President.
i think that's true of Republicans but Democrats are just like Putin.
This POTUS lies constantly; alienates allies;attacks the judicial branch and bullies anyone who disagrees with him. Please speak
Circumstances of Scalia's death seem awfully fishy though don't they, The Clinton death count, are you really so naive?
You're likely looking at what will be the new normal in the USA. It would be really cool if you could stand up against it.
ppl are relying on u to stand up to this obvious disregard for American democratic system! You and your peers have a duty & oath
you really don't know anything about Russia's health care.
not sure what your point is, then
agree
That's it? Pretty milquetoast defense of our country.
give it time.
Hey, remember when you endorsed this idiot? Good times.
™ @marcorubio IDK dude. With @HillaryClinton's illness during election makes one wonder. Now neo-cons will impeach & install Pence.
your tweet is incomprehensible.
@chucktodd Give him a chance-he just signed EO for mentally ill to buy guns! Murdering Americans will be a national pass time
You need to stand up to trump and his henchmen. You are letting your constituents down. NO to DeVos
Words,  words,  words. Your leader isn't impressed by words. He won't hear you,  see you. You don't exist,  unless.....
the fact you're compelled to differentiate between GOP and Putin, marks the depth of your incredulity
and while we may disagree, around the edges, we are are in agreement we are Americans, whether our families are during 1700/1900
@chucktodd step up and vote against Debos
please!!!! Wake up and start doing something about his agenda!! Do the right thing not what gets you campaign funds!
Keep him in office and we'll be there soon enough.
.@marcorubio Ssshh! Don't give #PresidentBannon any ideas!
Remember....it's good to keep your enemies close.  Then it's easier to tell when they are up to something.
good to know but you seem to still be supporting him and his policies.
Senator your brain is slipping.
You should mention the man that you are directing this question to, dont ya think?
Pretty sure a whole crapload of Democrats got poisoned by Republicans in Flint, Michigan. More by the day.
don't give #PresidentBannon any ideas.
Do you believe Smedley Butler's claim of a planned coup aimed at the overthrow of FDR?
Until you vote against something or someone Trump proposes, these are just words, Senator.
Well said . . . but empty words when you refuse to take a stand when it matters and voted to confirm Tillerson.  #sad
stop supporting Trump then.
WHO said we were the same as putin?
@SenSasse  #GOP & #Dems agree that #Russia & #USA are far different.
 Perhaps #moralequivalency is between #DJT & Putin only.
Sounds tough but when will your votes reflect your convictions. You r the worse kind of coward. Enjoy the paychks from Exxon
@Politics1com Seth Rich.
Yet @chucktodd
Thank you, Senator.
Destroying the American Indian nation and the civil war are times in our history that could be seen as evil
Republican here If you stop this man from destroying our country, we will cheer you, respect your leadership Integrity &courage
Well then step up, you #dicklesswonder and vote against some of his noxious nominees #ComeOn #Action #Hypocrisy #BigBoyPants
WE aren't but YOU are.
Trump didn't sayUS was the same...you're killings me
After that interview I don't feel safe nor will I sleep any better. We have an undisciplined, reckless man in driver's seat.
@aubrynathome Rubio too little too late. If you vote for DeVos THIS Republican will make sure you are NEVER reelected
OK. So what are you doing about it besides absolutely nothing? Nice talk with Tillerson. You're all show. No guts.
I expect you to be just as passionate about opposing DeVos in an effort to protect our children-an informed citizenry
@puppymnkey !Marco, auxilio!
Well your not anything like Mr. Putin- that's for sure.
You had no guts in saying no Tillerdon shame on you
true but Trump and Steve Bannon are just like Putin.
Re missing the point, part 2: Repub actions show same big lie tactics as Putin, Stalin used--scary context for trump acts
stop confirming...
Yawn....wake me up when you fools quit talking & start acting on these "strongly-worded" tweets.
what is thinking comparing us to him? He is putins puppet
.@marcorubio Is *poisoning* your threshold? Mine is the underinsured. People denied a loan they can afford. Women still not making equal pay
Tough Talk No Action. Little Marco keeps asking the tough questions, in disbelief of the answers, then approves the nominee
Well, apparently we are now...and the Congress is enabling this behavior.
What about Obama's gay lovers in Chicago? What about Vince Foster, Monica Peterson, and Andrew Breitbart?   Just to name a few.
once again, just a mom and an educator, worried for the future of my kids. #DumpDevos
nobody said we r the same. #notmysuperwlbowlwinner. Lol
Yemen?
In Yemen and elsewhere Russia and US actions are morally similar. But US does not kill opponents and journalists (yet?)
You do realize that Bannon is a Lenin lover?
A communist right?
He wants to wreck our govt to see if he can 
YOU'RE LETTING HIM
I don't always agree with you but thank you for saying this. I hope more of the GOP starts to speak out & think for themselves.
Que respuesta tiene para los cubanos que están varados en Nuebo Laredo
thank you for standing up on this issue.
so here you are talking tough again. How many days until you roll over again?
How about Drones, I know it's not poison but it gets the job done.
Words are cheap. DO SOMETHING
we are not like putin but we need to get along with him. I fully understand and a little bit of sugar goes a long way.
prove it...Thoroughly investigate Russian hacking of our election...no holds barred, as they say
Trump is figuratively poisoning those that oppose him, give him time and he'll adopt a literal stance to dictate his agenda
@chucktodd but keep supporting your prez, traitor!
There is legalized genocide occurring every day in this country. Since 1973 it has claimed more lives than any other in history.
not yet, but you have the perfect man in the White House to break that distinction
"We" are, however, more like #Putin's Russia than "we" admit if "we" march lockstep with Boss policies while verbally demurring.
Yes senator! Stay strong, I'm counting on you and I'm a FL voter!
@datagoodies then get off ur ass and do something about it OR does Putin have something on u as well
yet u allowed Putins BFF to become our secretary of state
Well unclutch your pearls, Little Marco, and show some cojones. Trump/Bannon/Flynn are dangerous! #ITMFA
#peepeetape
How many of the 1,000's of innocent woman&children killed by Obama's drone strikes? Do u think there is a huge difference?
Stand up and stop them. You can't just talk about it. Surely there are 5 or 6 of you who will work with dems to save the U.S.
So let's forget what we did to Native Americans and enslaving Blacks?  Does the method of death truly matter?
You are all talk, no action. Grow a spine and stop supporting Trump's nominees. Seriously - Tillerson?!
He's gonna vote for DeVos anyway. She paid him $10k to get him to vote for her
Yes, but that's not going to stop me from calling him out on it.
ya can we get a No on DeVos then? I mean damn people! Both sides agree she is unacceptable!!
thank you for this statement. However vote No on #DeVosvote tomorrow   she is wrong for our children #floridaconstituent
@megynkelly might dispute that. #SettleForMore
@Parsifalssister Then do your job sir and choose Country over Party! You are betraying all Americans! You sir are #Putinpunk
@davidaxelrod Marco: now do something about it!
Your credibility is lost...your whole party after letting this psycho in...just keep your mouth shut..
your voicemail box is overloaded with constituents telling vote NO on DeVos. A Florida VOTER.
U ready to back up words with action & stand against Tyranny or u going to rollover again like Tillerson vote? #AngryRepublican
so what should we do about it?
when has Marco Rubio actually walked the walk & not just talked the talk?
When did he say we were the same? What good would it do for Prez to publicly blast Putin?
agree but you yet you vote for everyone he appoints & support his Executive Orders even though you campaigned against policies.
Yet.
Marco,
U R person of faith?
These R principles
U based foundation
your campaign on!
Is Trump/GOP living UP2
"What WLD Jesus Do"?
, you are the king of political expediency. Albeit, a broken clock is correct twice per day, nonetheless, unreliable.
dude, you really have no basis to argue anything right about now. Either take a stand against a dictator and fight or keep quiet

He's still playing The Art of the Deal.
You talk the talk, but you don't walk the walk. Why should we believe your crocodile tears about Trump's treason? @DrJenGunter
yet you support his administration and nominees can't have it both ways
You had a chance to show your spine, Marco. Just mark your spot in the back.
.@marcorubio Talk talk talk is cheap. ACTION is the only thing you'll get credit for.
I'm a Florida voter, please voice No for Betsy DeVoss. No on open carry. No on muslim ban and No on trump logic.
