How many enemies does this administration plan to make us?  Syria, N Korea, Russia, China, Iran...good lord!
Good lord. They were already our enemies. We now have a potus who is putting them in their place! 
Other countries may be our enemies, but even people I don't like I don't necessarily think they are idiots.  He makes us look like idiots!
I disagree. President and our military, letting our enemies know we are the strongest nation in the world and they won't walk on us anymore.
Our military absolutely, my son is one of them.  And his stupidity could cost them their lives.
How about we just focus on ISIS and mind our own business otherwise?
It will be our business if he pops a canister in America. He's like KJU.
At that point they bring It on themselves. I fail to see how pissing off multiple foreign leaders is effective?
Far as I can tell, the only ones he's ticked off is USR, NK, Mexico, & Mid east, our enemies anyway.
And his campaign promise was to improve these relationships.  I voted for him.  These were HIS promises.
But no concern about Trump Admin alerting Russia to US missile strike & Russia then alerting Assad, who then moves his planes? #LittleMarco
Is it enough to have a psychiatric clinic in the United States?
no congress needs to move on with Obamacare replacement!!!!
This guy is one of the biggest zionist puppets I've ever seen in my life. He's pathetic.
But it's just fine to support dictatorship in Turkey,human rights violators in Russia and tyranny in S-Arabia etc.!
Nice try, actually Rubio is against those rogue regimes too.
Asaad is practicing on his people so he can then use CW on other countries. Get Rid Of his toys. loose lips sink ships.
Why you don't worry about your president running his mouthpiece so much he a danger to false lies and more. Ya'll need to fix that prob.
Shut UP weak puppy dog Rubio..yr a fake &phony politicians
How did he leave out Russia this time, didn't  blame Russia?
And Who will finally begin to hold US for its War Crimes.
So Senator Rubio must stand against giving Exxon a special waiver of the Russian sanctions? Putin is Assad's biggest enabler!
Nice Try. Trump admin has already DENIED the Exxon waiver request.
Stop sitting on your hands..stand up to DT , we have to have an independent investigation.
yea right and if Hilary had been elected we would of seen world war 3
@mdubowitz random and arbitrary as usual
and @marcorubio I'm "gravely concerned" about your role in my government
Shut up little Marco
Foxes should not have access to chicken coops!
Another fairy tale story from this guy.
Duh u r quick
#standwithbill
Rubio is correct! Enough is enough!
Why ur president Obama said this becoz he is intelligent but Trump is a fool
Another Obama decision that was short term thinking and non strategic 
Iran, Syria, N Korea, Russia and more are killing humanity! What the hell is wrong with you countries! Is something wrong w PEACE?
So sanctions on Saudi Arabia?
bla bla Göbbels propaganda bla
Paper tiger......you were right the first time! You should have not run again after primaries.  You have been nothing but a stumbling block.
Agreed.
Little Rubio, you just became concerned, where have you been hiding, this has been going on for 6 years, clueless
Mr Rubio, find out how to come clean ! They will blackmail you forever
Congress should work with Trump....PERIOD...
THANK YOU OBOMA U TRAITOR
All MONEY ain't good MONEY ! You got your hands dirty
Okay I guess you're awake now mr. Rubio. Where were you last week
Who will hold the US,UK, France, the EU etc accountable for the crimes committed by 'rebels' they have armed, trained and funded? #FraudNews
On Point!--
#fakenews
And anyone in Washington who can't work together needs to GTFO. times like this with NK shooting missiles off and Russia trying to get in...
...the honey spot, we do not need our POS politicians bickering back and forth like a bunch of immature kids. grow up. Handle your....
...responsibilities like you were elected to do. None of you were elected to play partisan wars so nothing gets done and only ones who....
...suffer from all of yours charade show is the American people. Play smart this year people are getting fed up with your BS!
@lizziepehlean @maytham956 take a look at this #fakenews
Fake News on Fox News ? OMG !
The man who wont hold a Town Hall needs to resign.
#Transparent: Ironic the only two M.E. countries left without a U.S. installed government.  Convenient narrative Rubio. Done killing yet?
Yea. But not Russia?  Gtfo
This was informative!
. 
You better worry about Russia. I will bet that they will protect them first. Why do you think they fly oher Alaska.
No marco he white house should defeat isis because assad is the only person who protected Christians that you and maccain pretend to protect
Over 20,000 retired #miners may lose benefits unless Congress acts. #coal @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #winning
What happened to Healthcare? Tax Relief? Border Wall?
little Marco it so cute when he's "gravely concerned"
Who cares what he thinks. Little Marco is of no consequence in Washington. Just onother lying politician. Lazy marco.
Go back to being a lawyer Rubio. Your voice is always bought by the highest bidder.
Assad deserves a "FIRING SQUAD!" not your little fairy tale sanctions 
Sounds like his concerned about iran, than jobs in america. AMERICA LAST, TERROR RHETORIC FIRST, RUBIO!?
Should The USA be held accountable for building Iraq chemical warfare supply in the 1980's?
War crimes make the powers which created and help mercenaries-terrorists .One of them is the attacks aganist ISIS AND aL NUSRA big enemies
The "Johnnie Come Lately" Repubs! Where were they for 8 years when OShito/Clinton/Kerry were giving everything to Iran? Our "friends"!
Rubio wants to be in control of the children that Assad sells..the new face of trafficking
"Congress", as in Dems and Reps? Dems are still too busy self-destructing instead of governing.  They r still too afraid the truth is coming

$500 billion dollars going to big oil and Putin. What's wrong with that? http://crooksandliars.com/2017/04/rexxon-tillerson-putin-score-500-billion …
Perhaps an investigation into whether it was even Assad's regime that conducted the chemical attack. You know, ask questions before shooting
This only holds true if your allies trust you and your enemies fear you...none of which apply to this administration. #Hannity
That will not happen when you got Dems. in office who vote against our Pres. JUST because they don't like him. I say replace them
Perhaps ....if they EVER go to work?   OR actually do the Work Of The People!!  (not holding my breath)
Saw Senator Rubio on Fox yesterday, he did NOT look too healthy to me but then again there isn't an MD after my name, but overall looked bad
Maybe we should make one tiny exception for Exxon, because if we're not going to be a beacon of hope for kleptocrats worldwide, who will?

He is not concerned about Russia helping Syria though?
Everyone should be gravely concerned
How about we just go shoot him in the face like we did Osama bin Laden that's a better idea if you ask me

How much is Saudi Arabia paying you Rubio!
Need to do much much more!! Sanctions are USELESS!!!!
Volunteer. Quit your job, fly over, get some guns and sacrifice your life for their cause. Don't ask someone else's kids to go
Fuck Syria until you get that Russian traitor and his stooges out of the WH.
Obama kissed their ass with $$$$$$$
Obama and Trump both supported the rebels against Assad. The rebels are ISIS. So much for a war on terrorism
A taste of AMERICAN MILITARY JUSTICE is Required
Assad has NO CHEMICALS.
You have no brain
@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@Presidency_Sy 
@HassanRouhani 
@MLP_officiel
@Nigel_Farage 
@PutinRF_Eng
@TulsiGabbard 
@justinamash
@RandPaul
@RonPaul
@realDonaldTrump

We should invade them.
With you at the frontline? Meet you there!


