Sad killing 4 Israeli Soldiers.
NB: Israeli Forces & Settlers Killed 32 #Palestinian
Children In 2016. @marcorubio
Despicable attack in #Jerusalem by Palestinian terrorist. America stands with #Israel in the face of terrorism.
Meanwhile,steady
killing of #Palestinian civilians, many of them children, by the Israelis goes
largely unnoticed & unreported.
@marcorubio
Since Oct 2015, Israelis/settlers killed more 244 #Palestinians 
inc unarmed demonstrators, bystanders @marcorubio
a child in their sick mind is 19 years old.have to stop with pure uneducated hate. learn something
child? 
israeli female soldier testimonies War Crimes against Palestinians @oakfernaspull7 @marcorubio
maybe the Palestinians should stop using them as human shields and suicide bombers
WTF @ChristelPetriz1 @oakfernaspull7 @marcorubio 
israeli female soldier testimonies War Crimes against Palestinians
IDFsoldiers know what they are do is wrong, Israel forces them 2do it
what about Israel attacks on Palestinians?
are you joking? They are all a retaliation! Hammas runs that place, a terrorist govt vs a democracy, no comparison!
Israel is usually the attacker.
not sure where you get your information but I'd branch out to avoid fake news. #foxnews #cnn #MSNBC
watch it for yourself
the show's title is not related to his nationality. It refers to a phrase used to describe someone who is an insurgent Bias much?
educate yourself and read how Israel treats Palestinians, you irredeemable deplorable
as usual, someone on the run resorts to name calling. #proud deplorable in Vegas
nobody hears you little Marco Bing Bing Bing!!!!
Oh but they do. You are the minority.!! Go find some kindness in your heart.!!
Trump shredded him in front of the whole country he will never be relevant again
Lol little hands trump. Orange tan. Foreign policy ignorance. Btw he got more votes than trump. So he is relev
i'm just saying people will only think of him as little Marco Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
READ YOUR BIBLE. READ THE QRAN. PALESTINIANS ONLY WANT DESTRUCTION OF ISRAEL - NEVER PEACE -
What about the Israeli daily attack on innocent civilians and the building of illegal settlements I guess that's ok with you
#StandTall with Israel
& obama sends Palestine millions 2 fund terror, come on marco look into obama. Theres a reason everything he did was bad for us

#MarcRubioisadeplorableposassholelosttoavapidnarcissistwithanemotionalIQofatoddler
Israel has terrorized Palestine for decades and taken their country
doesn't make it right but understandable
Freedom for Palestine! United States and Israel: Fascists! Terrorists are you
Respect has to be earned. I will never refer to Trump/Pence as President and Vice-President. I did not elect them, Russia did.

The killing of innocent civilians whether Israelis or Palestinians is wrong. But you have to look at the whole picture
Jerusalem is occupied if you forgot
would love to see what John Kerry says now. Don't know what's more Despicable. The liberal-left is blind. Change for next 8yrs
stop lickin' Israeli ass & mind ur own business! America end Zionist occupation of ur country! #FreePalestine @realDonaldTrump
Take your @FreePalestine black fist and shove it! And while you're at it get out of Israel!
Sad anti-Israel zealot blasts propaganda then blocks me.
#whereareyouwhenPalestinianslandisstolenandtheirpeoplekilledbyIsraeliterrorists
Tell them to stop the settlements and things will improve Senator. This is easy.
Liked you more than I do now at one time. The problem that I have is your position changing. You don't want to become John Kerry
Sir Israel also has many faults such as signing agreement to not build in W Bank=bearing false witness&mistreating NEIGHBORS
What about Israeli sanctioned attacks on Palestine citizens? Will you condemn them as well?
Glad u support Israel. It never helps give in Palestinians. They want more & still attack. Want all Israel.
UR grandstandTillerson 4 Sec. State. More prepared than HC.He was RT 2 refuse call Putin War Criminal. He is using strategy.
so is the attack on Tillerson, why Rubio why???? did U not just hear what obama done to Cuba?
Have you ever made a statement about the thousands of innocent children that r being slaughtered in Syria.  Oh those r Muslims
-Get a grip buddyThere are NO Palestinians- they are Arabs period! You stand in the way of @RexTillersonHQ -#YoullBLookinSTUPID
Never forgotten our beloved soldiers,, "the poorest suffers more, because no one wants to be POORER". ALWAYS demand Truth!
Wow, something you STAND for.  Did you know that is a conservative view, not a RINO view?
someone needs to school little Marco on Geneva conventions attacking soldiers in occupied territory isn't terrorism
why no action when @POTUS tried to influence the Israeli election? #Hypocrit
If you support Israel why are you not coming out for Tillerson and Sessions? Honesty is needed here and now!!
"Good noW!", B"H. terror is Cowardice. Obama & Paris meeting want 2 give legitimate parts of Israel declared in 1922, 1948 to PLO/Terrorists
"Good noW!"®, PLO is terror, hate, so please prevail 01.15 &01.17.2017 Make sure Obama doesn'2 push 4 nuclear war if he doesn't get his way.
You need to understand the history of Palestine from 1914 to the present then you would know the meaning of despicable
You should be supporting Pres. Trumps picks. you should be on the side of America.
.@marcorubio Why are you lying about #Syria? McCain put you up to this? We want answers and we're going to get them.
 “#Syrianboy Beheading Covered Up by #MSM To Protect Hillary Clinton.” by @Deplorabelle
Let me remind you of something, Senator. Whoever was part of that above operation will be charged for war crimes. Reevaluate now
I have a lot more evidence than just what I could put out on a Twitter due to TOS. You're playing with fire. Many know already.
So when you talk about "documented evidence", you have no idea how much evidence there is against the people behind that.
Yes, now stand for Trumps choice of Secretary of State...friend of Israel
#illegalState of Israel "Jewish people of #Palestine" #Resolution2334 they do not respect #InternationalLaw #UN #HumanRights
If you want to deal charges on someone why not start in your country and build a good pr then jump into international?
If you did anything Hillary has youd be charged anyone would but yet she walks after contradicting the security of the nation?
why not seek charges for Hillary who superceded the justice system of an entire country illegally? It makes no fucking sense.
What about pushing charges for Netanyahu surely if one breaks rules of war they are just as guilty as anyone else who does right
So in standing with Israel you approve Netanyahu not being charged for war crimes he committed killing hundreds for terror tunne
This Bullshit is over little Marco. Now, most Americans understand Israel vs Palestine conflict. Cannot fool us anymore!
Despicable attack today in #tillersonhearing . Republicans stand with #Trump  in the face of partisanship and obstructionism.
Are you a Mossad agent?
please don't let us down on upholding your high standards on human rights on the Rex Tillerson nomination.he isn't a worthy pick
Yes I agree but why is Israel blaming ISIS? Palistine has always targeted them. Trump wants the blame diverted for his own gain
It's nice to hear your support.  @realDonaldTrump was too busy tweeting abt Meryl Streep to spare 5 seconds to tweet Israel.
despicable attack on social security
you have 0 credibility always the politician jews have attacked Palestinians women and children but you take sides for money
we all know the Jews line your pockets little Marco when will Israel stand own their own or move & give back the land they stole
BUT Israel terrorizes the Palestinians. Recognition of Israel very important, recognition of Palestine just as important.
Sure but you don't!  You stand with Cuba!!  Not the USA!  Move out of here!
PEOTUS stands w/ Isreal but you try to trash his SOS!  You're allowing frustration over losing primary to cloud your thinking.
#Israeli occupiers are the REAL TERRORISTS! You don't get to just take a People's homelands and begin killing them off. SMDH!!!
always
I'm surprised Rubio is supporting Isreal, rubio has lost my support
it's despicable when helping to justify democracy by aiding/funding terrorism. zionism kills #icc4israel icc4america
it's despicable when plotting to kill for #israel becomes the norm and supported by #USA
day will come when israel attacks USA like they did, USA Liberty, 911 & the wars USA entered for zionism. Its despicable when..
Despicable, of course. Hope U.S. stands with ALL who love liberty in the face of terrorism. Two states--or this will never end.
I think it's important to support Rex Tillerson as Trump's pic excellent choice Florida Republican.
Always looking for an opportunity to appear in touch and support of the Jewish causes.
Obama has not stood with Israel. Neither has Secy of State Kerry. You should be pleased that friend of Israel will take over SOS
Glad to hear it!!  Now don't be a Republican traitor!!  Do the right thing!!  This is a rare and fragile opportunity!  Unity ..
Be careful ... Israel doesn't correct course w/God until after Jesus returns .. & for the record ... that is not the "new king"
and Putin.... is still a war criminal
Liar Met&Supportd #ISIS Leadrs! MarcoLies&SaysHes w/ #Israel @ap @foxnews @prnews @MiamiHerald @orlandosentinel @cnni @TeamTrump
I do not stand with Israel or Palestine-both r actively seeking destruction of the other BUT Bibi makes it impossible 4 peace.
I was hoping you represented the Republican Party you are still with Mitt & his crew who are out to discredit Donald Trump shame
Object burning in photo is a Palestinian boy's head. israeli knelt down, aimed at the child's head, & shot him w/ a flare bomb
and yet u try to derail the Trump Administration. Wish u were this tough with Clinton, Obama and Kerry
How about standing with America's choice of PE and his appointees?
Israel is the biggest bullies out there
we know you stand with Israel that's Evident! Ask them why they treated wounded ISIS terrorists in their hospitals
Rubio elected bc millions fr RNC2 stop patriot candidates 
He thks he sounds smart
He doesn't
Rubio says "I fully Support Trump/ Tillerson. If these 2 ARE Russian agents we should be proud and give nuclear weapons too"
#IStandWithIsrael
no we don't stand with Israel , quit giving them billions ,its ok to fund health care there  and abortions
are we going 2 stop worrying about every 1 else n take care of our own? Clean up your backyard b4 u clean up your neighbors
Some stand with Israel. The traitorous hypocritical left liberal leaning Dems don't.
unexcusable for Obama to turn his back on Israel. Wouldn't expect any different though since he has done same to USA for 8 years
You stand more with Israel than you do with the USA.  Playing politics with people's lives.  #traitor
U need to work With Bernie Sanders ! We need the rich to pay more! We need Cheaper healthcare medications and Education. Trust U
the USA needs to stand with Isreal - not hand her over to be destroyed.
.@marcorubio Terrible attack at @FLLFlyer as well. Will you stand for tougher gun laws as well?
why is US participating in Summit on Jan 15 in France with 70 other countries free Palestinian state?
amen
stop sending Israel money until they stop building settlements
a defender y israel
do we have to support Israel forever???  How many more trillions of dollars to we have to spend?  Stop building settlements.
We can NOT turn our backs on #jerusalem
Thank you. #Jerusalemattack
ok please help Florida with gun control, non fracking. Issues of your state before you fix Middle East.

the more attacks happen, the more power they gain this leaders, it looks like politicians are winning.sad
@SenRubioPress Trrsts changing tactics: randomly kill/injure civilians, drain govt $, slow economy down, avoid military.


.. Russia continues to support Hamas and America's enemies around the world. Time for crippling new sanctions.
America will stand with Israel in two weeks. Currently we don't appear to.
Yes Americans stand with Israel and soon our president will also.
And do all you can to help keep these 3rd century animals out of our country. Please? #Palestinian
Will POTUS Obama abstain from condemning this act too?
and two of those murdered today are US citizens.
you write this like u mean it. U could care less and everyone around u knows it
YES!!!
u r 'BIG LOL'...
@RachelSteinmetz we know you do, but where's the condemnation from Obama or Kerry?
TREASON! https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/818160112082812928 …
why Israel ? Why ain't American standing with Palestine too ? Don't their lives matter ?  #prayforlives
Palestinian scumbag terrorists are emboldened by feckless #Obama bad his support for their Islamic belief system. He's dangerous
thank you Marco!! Your an honorable man!
@wlmiii too bad this Obama WH takes most antiIsrael steps since WWll
this is indeed terrible.  Does America stand with Israel when it commits war crimes and mass punishment?
how long are you going stand with them ? One day they will be all fucked trust me , they're all illegal immigrants
amen
@AmandaPresto Make sure you work hard to reinforce our commitment. Stop letting UN try to bully our only real ME ally.
Its a self defense against israel occupiers. Whether u like it or not, its self defense as the real world see it.
Bloody terrorist Zionist
A self defense by striking out first?! That's called "offense" in real world. Gtfoh w/that nonsense @marcorubio @AthenaHellman
from Canada, Calgary AB my sincere prayers to the families of these brave soldiers!
@USA_Capitalism don't think so--check out UN Security Council vote
@LoveuLynn recent UN resolution will cause more strife for Israelis. This needs to be addressed. @realDonaldTrump @netanyahu
a real disgrace that @BarackObama & @JohnKerry allowed this to happen.
If #Israel want to avoid these acts in the future, #StopOccupation & agree to Two state solution World stands against #Apartheid
He was a Freedom Fighter who killed 5 Israeli terrorists. World stands with #Palestine in the face of Apartheid
This still doesn't justify cutting spending on embassy security around the world.  #Benghazi
@terrymendozer don't you read the news? It was a truck, just a truck. Like #FortLauderdale we will never know the motive.
you stand up for @Israel @israel more than any other politician, I want you to be my president after @realDonaldTrump
When you're done, come stand with us AGAINST bigotry and FOR women's rights and AGAINST classism.
I stand with a Palestinian genocide
I stand with Israel.
James Baker's interview with CNN's Fareed Zakaria this morning will only encourage terrorism against Israel (and the US).
@frjennie7 Thank you. We all stand with #Israel.
shame on u puppet
: I hope you also stand against the Israeli state sponsored terrorism against Palestinians and the illegal occupation.
Palestinians are being killed by Israelis every day. This Palestinian used a truck to defend himself. In the US they use guns.
I was there when it happened today. Very somber
quiet little marco
Yeah. Only coward Israeli soldiers commit Manslaughter .
Israel is the cause of its own problems marfi
Unfortunately your President doesn't
little Marco has spoken at last
#IStandWithIsrael
@AIPAC we all stand with Israel.
thank you, Sen. Rubio.
there is no Palestinian Terror!  it is Felestinian  or Palos arabs
Thank you
then you are saying you're voting against Sessions??  His politics are terror
let Israel fend for itself. No welfare for warfare
@bmenyhert America stands with Israel, to bad our current president doesn't.
