And when is your boy trump gonna say or do anything about it?
I'm in awe of those brave Russians who protested.
I'm in fear that we'll have to take lessons from them soon.
time to deal with #Trumprussia
In America
What's in Senate healthcare bill? #resist
In America
Ever seen so many PROTESTS in America...don't think so! This is NOT normal. EPIC FAIL every day you support Trump. Signed, ExGOP
What?? No scriptures. U really need 2 read the ones about liars & not being able 2 serve God& man. Find it &read before you lose your soul.
In America
Uh huh. And will you stand up for the country when Trump fires Mueller?
Putin is not a threat to us, he is a threat to you! #unrig @realDonaldTrump @csthetruth @phibiblog @TheOliverStone
Navalny is an instrument of the USA
"I know how Marco Rubio is interested in me, so I played the piano in his honor" President VV Putin
Exactly because #Putin is a pitbull & BFF with #POTUS - disgusting & shameful!!! Even Reagan must be turning in his grave! #TreasonousTrump
Meanwhile GOP-controlled state legislatures are trying to use less-violent gestapo tactics to silence free speech.
In America
In America
...and trump is silent. Think about this Marco
PUBLISH THE TEXT OF THE SENATE HEALTHCARE BILL.
Meanwhile his buddy is sitting in the Oval Office.  Do your job.  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Lots of claims with no proof! Must be fun to be a liberal
How about putting allegiance to your country over devotion to your party.
Do you have any comment on the violent antifa protests. Why do you something to help this country instead obsessing over Putin.
GOP are backing Trump and his russians conections so you choose party over country, grow up littlr Marco and stand up agains potus
Send them black African illegal immigrats drug dealers, like in EU, so they appreciate Putin again
Tweeting again.Trying 2 throw ppl off track.They always do it. Don't let this Russian tweet fool you. Problems, tweet or line up 2 lie on tv
@marcorubio the VAST MAJORITY of Americans are protesting unconstitutional Traitor Trump who will be exposed. What's your position on that?
You'll see PROTESTS You never Imagined if @realDonaldTrump fires #SpecialCounsel  and the @GOP @RNC  does absolutely nothing! Buy COURAGE!
Funny should we ask them if they are paid like the protesters here are accused of?
#notpaidtoprotest #findamoralcompass
GOP silent on Turkish attack of US citizens on US soil. What the hell happended to Republican party? GOP literally deserting USA for trump
Did you miss the 'marches' over this past weekend?
Thanks for the info re: Putin protests in Russia. I wish our GOP leaders would get courageous and see Trumps loyalty to Putin.
Not as large as the anti Trump protest
#TRUMP learn from Putin you have to squash the left or they will get rid of you.
Funny how the Republicans aren't doing the same.
Yet back here you allow our #FakePresident  to go unquestioned by you as to his connections with Putin. #StandUpLilMaro
USA soon.
Who cares . . .  Is that what makes you happy?  Wary about your country first.
Monastery of the Moscow Kremlin (Within the Kremlin), which our president Putin is planning to restore
Russia is far behind most of the EU countries
take arms and fight for your land
It's about time Russians speak out and Putin and the corruption he has spread in abandon.
Now you're talking. Your thoughts on anti- trump sentiment?
Yup Marco -and they arrested children Marco. This likely will be the fate of US unless you and colleagues step up to protect us.
And yet you support the Russian Traitor in WH.  Oops. I forgot. You were PD $1 million by Russians 2 look other way. You lie like he does.
I don't know what your point is here, cos clearly you aren't gonna do anything about it, like take a stand on this whole #Trumprussia thing.
This is what courage looks like. You could use some lessons on dealing with Trump.
And here in the USA, you and your feckless colleagues are embracing that thug.
And you can't stand your ground at T-Rump! I have zero ZERO! Respect
how bad can it get for Russia with these massive riots.
happening here with TRUMP too. And violent crime is rising. I voted for You for potus...im rethinking my decision. #SessionsHearing #truth
#LetTrumpMAGA #StopWitchunts
Show it to Trump. He would like to see what happens to those that oppose Putin.
#Reagan said it best! #Putin #Russia
EVILPutin.   GOD BLESS YU Marco for yur leadership
Can you ask POTUS to comment?
Blah blah blah.... You broke bread with one of Putins guys last week. You are all about political gain regardless of the price.
Nice of you to note:). What about President and State Dept?  Not a peep
Question: You know who isn't protesting? 

Answer: @realDonaldTrump 

#ImpeachTrump
Videos keep getting blocked by ruski hackers. Reveal ur ruski $$ donors. Do not support collusion! Step up for ur voters!
Wow...and you, a Trump supporter, have the nerve to speak against Putin's tyranny against Russians, but not against Americans? #YouSnake
Keep up the good work ! You and @tedcruz  are awesome! I would still love for y'all to team up as prez and VP!!!
But you're still cool with your buddytrump and his other BFF Valdie?  What a farce.
Hey Marco #AmericaFirst Get to work and support our President
is not a protest anti #Putin but a protest anti corruption.
Wrong analyze
So you carry water for Trump but highlight the great protest in Moscow against Putin who has got something on the Donald
Time for some domestic action from you sir. #TrumpCare will be a disaster for a majority of FL citizens. I pay $2k/month now, will get worse
They have the internal fortitude to risk life and limb. Pity you have no courage to stand up on immigration or health care.
But your dear Leader is run by Putin?
He's got you and trump what more does he need?
and you defend the CON MAN! you are an embarrassment!
Trump to send US troops to quell the unrest
Sen Rubio U shd know that an hypocrite likeTrump is far more dangerous than 1 like Putin.Going easy on him U'll regret
Much like @NYCAntifa these are the out of power Communists funded by George Soros. They think the government owes them a job.  
Yet you keep cupping his balls while you stroke his president.
OMG...Russia Russia Russia...Shut up Rubio!! People r getting REALLY sick of Congress and the MSM on this Russia BS!! Go 2 work!!
You may think that's a good thing. But what if the protesters are whiny, progressive, globalist, socialist snowflakes?
Nowhere near the size of Anti-Trump protests. How about a little enthusiasm for OUR patriots who protest Putin's American Puppet?
You do realize that if we don't do something about you know who here,..we will eventually get to this point?..
@marcorubio we the people will come for you all .This will happen if you so called republican don't do what's right for this country.
You realise Putin funds anti-Putin groups too? He funds all manner of political ideologies in an attempt to destabilise agendas... Waiiit...
Could that... Could that mean he's trying to destabilise the United States through funding? Hmmm...
New encrypted way to speak with Russia and get paid? #PutinsPuppet
Wouldn't it be great if we had elected officails that would worry more about America? Border securty, tax cuts, Jobs here? Instead of Crap.
We've been having anti-Trump protests.  Did you miss them?
High-five, @sfahey_imp. And a fist bump. 
It appears that the protesters were promptly arrested and dispersed by police/military, their leader arrested. This is where we are headed?
Don't give Trump any ideas! He might want to emulate his mentor.
One protestor? You should come to Los Angeles next time a white cop gets acquitted for murdering an unarmed black kid in the back.
If you're against a Russian regime, why do you go easy on Trump as he cozies up to Putin?
He's on Trumps list of loyal lapdogs hey little Marco how many ruebbles you getting paid to help sell out America?
This could be misconstrued as colluding with anti #Putin opposition to interfere with their elections. Are you an #AmericanBot or #USTroll ?
Have you found your spine yet little Marco?
You are such a hypocrite!
So they snowflakes are all over huh?? Putin will roll out the tanks and set their butts straight. Unlike here -it's what we should do
are you listening to yourself
He's a Russian bot
You failed in the Comey hearing, Trump = Putin = @GOP = @marcorubio
He is more liked in the US now because of his collusion with @realDonaldTrump.
Follow The Money #trumpleaks
Good for them.
they are rolling across the USA as well. It's called #TheResistance
Hilarious that you are all about protests in Venezuela or Russia but God forbid Americans protest
Thank you!
Same here against your boss

