Was this type of thing happening in previous years?
Sadly, anti-semitism has seen a sharp increase since Trump was elected.  But to your point, hateful acts aren't new.
Thats the point I think I was getting at, seems like since Trump was elected there is an increase.
There has absolutely been a spike in overt, violent hatred towards Muslims and Jews especially.
stop tweeting about it and actually do something, then.
What are you going to do about it MR?  Worried the anti Semites might yell @ you or use harsh language?
Maybe you ought to talk to your president.
you need to stand up against POTUS bully and fight for America! You are a great speaker, but you caved. We need you to fight.
You're incredible!!! Don't stop pushing your vision forward! 
Very brave of you to say, sir. You just lost a chunk of your base.
condemnation of vandals should be from #socalledPresident - pitifully weak response invites  #hatespeech 
#hatecrimes
.@marcorubio are you going to make a statement about the fire bomb on the Tampa Mosque?!?Equality extends across all faiths! Represent all!
No "firebomb." Holes were made to LOOK like bullet holes, and a fire was set outside the door. News coverage.
tell your President to do the same, instead of blaming Jews for being targeted. Shameful response by POTUS & you know it.
Then you might start with the Bannon and work your way down....
but you don't do anything
to help you people
what a double moral
thank you for doing your job. It's been a while
OK, cool, but how about you suggest that 45 do the same, publicly! Use the bully pulpit!
tell that to your boy @realDonaldTrump. Call them what they are radical white supremacy terrorist
Don't worry. Almost anything that comes out of Florida is bullshit.
really?  Do something then.  Stand up to Trump.
grow some balls and stand for something, man. I used to support you. WTF is wrong with you
starting with tRump
I wish that you could step up and be the leader we need instead of hiding from your liberal constituents.
Little Marco you are such a weak representative for your constituents. And you want to be President. Come on now.
first remove the white suprematists from the white house.
.@marcorubio Suggest you start with your BFF .@realDonaldTrump who incites such actions.
so what are you going to about it? #doyourjob Lil Marco
Repatriation of Muslims. Problem solved. Don't play stupid, Marco. @blackrepublican
It starts at the top, Senator. History will record you enabled this President and his rhetoric.
please tell the President and his administration that, because they are not on the same page with you.
Get POTUS to stop the fear mongering and hate rhetoric; rid WH of white supremacists!  Country before Party.
of course you do, it is politically expedient, otherwise you could care less.
Please get behind our President and his policies
Tweets are easy. Time for action and for you to talk to your constituents.
Talk, not get yelled at by nutjobs.
can you also condemn shooting of Indian men? Combat #antiimmigrantism in all its forms?
that's never going to happen. They need anti immigrant sentiment to push their $$ making agendas!
You should condemn Trump's attacks against hispanics, muslims and all people not White American
From MI--Thank you for acknowledging these attacks.  Why aren't you a Democrat. Trump will bring you down.
visa over stays.
start by holding town hall meetings.
you are getting littler Marco. Also hypocritical.
Condemn them? WHAT AB YOU STANDING UP TO @potus. HE'S HATEFUL. HE'S DIVISIVE. HE'S TEARING THIS COUNTRY APART. DO MORE. #RESIST
you get news in your underground bunker????
You won't even have a town hall because you're a feckless man-child so saying you are gonna"combat"anything is as empty as you r
Didn't take long for you to jump on that bandwagon. How about having a Town Hall meeting?
don't forget islamaphobia. I hear that's real bad too in your neck of the woods.
Too bad President Bannon doesn't feel the same way #NazisInTheWhitehouse
So, did you talk to 45 about that? Let me guess: No.
So you have something to say about DT's latest antisemitic comments regarding the cemetery desecration? Or are you all talk?
start in the White House, no more Bannon.
Maybe tell your president, he believes the reverse is true
so say it on TV make your views apparent, quit the pussy footing , political as it may be
do you realize how weak you appear
stand up to trump/Bannon and their band of haters then!
then you would have to combat 45...so.....
then meet face to face with your Jewish constituents. We're waiting. While you're at it condemn Bannon, he's a threat to us all.
These are coordinated acts of terrorism. Treat them as such. Act. Don't just tweet.
Obviously, someone is paying you to care.  It's the only way you get anything done.
Thank you for speaking out about this. It is a good first step. What next?
This is a hollow meaningless statement in the face of your collaboration with the white nationalist cult that is Trumpism/GOP
You r successfully manipulating a sufficient number of citizens to hold power but history will remember you as enemy of US.
Three unequivocal truths:

Trumpism is a fascist cult

The GOP is an enemy of humanity

Trump will die in prison
This  sickens me!  What has changed?  I think you know.
Then stand up to Trump as we have seen an increase since his election...just saying
Thank you. All hatred against any group needs to be eradicated, from the top down. This must be stopped. Love not hate.
So start at the White House.
yet you sit on your hands while Steve Bannon runs the Oval Office? Disgraceful. #investigate #impeach
So are you going to do anything about this?  Like talk to #45 and have him condemn this and not a week "you need to stop this".
then stand up to your president, bannon, miller, anton. The more time passes the more it looks like GOP condones it. #treason
And you must face your constituents at a town hall meeting. Do your job!
So you are a United States Senator and you will combat this hatred with a tweet???  Give me a break
How about condemning the President whose rhetoric has inspired these attacks? #Antisemitism
Thank you for ur concern...where is ur president in making this statement? It is time the GOP remember..."For the people"
So how will you fix this? What actions will you take? Who will you meet with?
President, help the Venezuelans who are in the United States working hard to save our lives and the lives of our children, pleas
Hollow words from a man afraid to meet with his constituents. #DoYourJob
@SenRubioPress I Don't understand the hatred but I will always stand with Israel & am proud that you, my Senator, do as well
Start with the con man.  You remember when you called him that, right?
so we can expect your statements on @realDonaldTrump  soon
You are a leader in a party headed by Trump and built on discrimination.
What happened to "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free"?
spike in asylum seekers travelling north across the 49th parallel...
The current spike in Antisemitism & hatespeech is directly related to the political bent of this administration.  Look at the...
Do your job and meet with you constituents. Don't want to be  booed at? Do your job and investigate Trump.
Not with this #FakePresident. It is his supporters who think this activity is now okay.
oh that's right you can't even meet with your constituents.  Sit down boy.
WHAT A BRAVE STANCE. Now show up at a town hall. Your cowardice WILL NOT BE FORGOTTEN.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS   see Mr president it's easy to do.  Go Go Mariio
People have emboldened by the man you support and suck up to for your personal gains
wow that took you long enough. When are you going to be outraged at the rape of our country and threats against our military?
well the Prez needs to speak up about this
What did you expect when the candidate endorsed by the KKK won the election?
When you endorsed Trump you and the republican party validated the racists, xenophobes, and bigots. Actions > Words #Eunuch
Then how about getting rid of Trump as your patriotic duty to save USA???
If we had a President who was kind and respectful, it might make a difference. Kansas bar shooter shot "bad dudes" for country.
Thank you for standing up against #Antisemitism
Oh, I thought you were avoiding town halls in all their forms, coward.
Took you long enough.  Who do you think is fanning the flames of this hatred?  #impeach45
tell your constituents in person, COWARD
how about we condemn ALL forms of hate
you supported a racist in the election and now you condemn racism you're a bigger fraud than Trump. Little Marco.
you should start by condemning your @POTUS
@SenRubioPress. Denouce these hateful things in person, Bilirakis,Crist have TH meetings...guess they're bigger men.Little marco
Go to a town hall meeting, coward!
It seems pretty organized, by community. Do we know any community organizers? With lots of money?
help to rid 45
how about standing up to @POTUS for insulting vets as well. And have a town hall. It's your job! I voted for you. Never again
wow Marco u finally woke up amazing
start with your President
You're going to combat something?  Please. You have saddled up to that racist, homophobic, sexist, xenophobic, Islamaphobe.
why don't we discuss, let's say...at a town hall? We've been asking.....
45 uleashed all of this hate and he makes no effort to unite, just an occansional "stop it". Sad
#MuslimBan @marcorubio .@realdonaldtrump BANNED 7 #SEMITIC LANGUAGE SPEAKING #Nations. #TRUMP is #ANTISEMITE! Euro RACIST Jew NOT #Semites!
how nice, give a town hall to talk about it! Oh, sorry my bad, your out of town.
and I condemn you for being weak and a traitor to the people that trusted you #marcorubio #firemarcorubio
#Antisemitism .@marcorubio Jews in HORDES converted 2 ISLAM & Christianity. R they #antisemite 2? #MuslimBan NATIONS R #SEMITiC 2! #MAGA #UN
@realDonaldTrump Start in the White House, and work your way down, Mr I'mTooScaredToMeetMyVoters~
#JoePlumber
YOUR form would be to work to get Bannon out of the WH then. Oh, and shiw up to a yown hall. We have ???You may have ans. Listen
Then put a leash on POTUS and his brash enabling of hate.  Christians do not live this way.
Marco what re you gonna do about the Russians ? Grave danger !
tell your boss that
you should have thought of this outcome b4 supporting an antisemite. The blood will be on your hands.
will @POTUS condemn this in his address tomorrow or the killing of an American Indian in KS by white guy
When will you call upon 45 to speak out against this wave of terrorism he ushered w/ his hateful rhetoric thru-out the campaign?
Or, are you too much of a coward to call him out. You, like the rest of the GOP, are afraid of the backlash you'll face for it.
show us legislation, show us you're going to do more then tweet and hide from constituents!
Start with the guy leading your party and sitting in the chair in the Oval Office.
Is it a hate crime to wave a Confederate flag at a white woman who identifies as a black woman? *Asking for a friend* 
too bad 45 doesn't share your views. Maybe Pres Bannon won't let him say anything
can you bring this issue to discussion at a town hall?
Empty words from you, Senator, so this must be a day ending in Y.
Except anti-semitism coming from Islam. The left enjoy that
I'll take this wherever I can get it. Appreciated
@coinabs HOW?
HEEELLO ...... 
Start with the WH and your Supreme Leader Steve Bannon.
Why don't you start by pressuring trump to get rid of Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller? Or can't you GOP stand up to him ever?
Maybe you should have had a town hall last week!
Do you condemn the folks in the White House who lit this fire?
Tougher when a minority-elected anti-semite Prez places Bannon in WH and YOU support their every whim.
Then do it!! DEMAND TRUMP FIRE BANNON & MILLER.Dont just tweet about it..take action
so eliminating special envoy positions assigned to key issues like anti-Semitism is going to help how?
and what's your plan to do that?
#TrumpRussia
Real tough guy (). Not only would you NOT stand up to these jerks, you'd probably help them. Castro laughs at your cowardice.
you could help by demanding big Nazi Bannon and his sidekick little nazi be banned from the white house. I won't hold my breath.
loloolol
Looking forward to you continuing to lead on this and other issues involving discrimination, you useless wet-faced simp.
you were my President but I'm so disappointed, stand up for America I guess you were little Rubio after all
really? Then I suggest you start with the anti-semite sitting on the national security council. You know, #PresidentBannon.
Starting in the Oval Office? Bring that up at your next town hall #stophiding #doyourjob #impeachTrump
talk to Trump and his natzi Bannon
then tell that to @realDonaldTrump, as he avoids the issue at every turn.
we need more words like this loud and clear!
your words mean nothing
@JeffreyBrandes Lovely. And when will you represent us Marco? Sell us down the block grant river. Ignore facts. Very Very Sad
LAME DUCK
face your constituents Marco. Don't be a coward.
Do you want to be known as a hero or a paper tiger?
why don't you start by showing up to your town halls, and listening to your constituents personal concerns about it #coward
Marco, do your job, have someone answer your phones
shut up Marco- you are doing nothing to stop this.Nothng.
Start at that big white building on Pennsylvania Avenue.
The KKK endorsed the current #POTUS and you weren't prepared for this? Many of us were afraid this very thing would happen.
