Thank you for FINALLY saying something positive-Support the President and get our country moving again please-KEEP PROMISES!
the way to get this country moving again is to get rid of the this president.
Ur an ass eater.
HAHAHAH You're a pastor calling people an ass eater. HAHAHAHAH You're church must accept everyone. Pastor of WHAT?? hAHAHAHAHAHA
Of course I accept everybody! I wouldn't be a very good leader if I didn't.What kind of church do u go to?I'm non-denominational Christian.
Im a catholic, but you say you are a pastor who calls people "Ass Eater" THats why i said what kind of pastor are you. You are a joke.
? What's wrong with saying ass eater?
U are suppose to be a leader of God, and you ask me whats wrong with saying "Ass Eater"? You want the kids in your church to speak like that
Rubio just another Koch brother puppet working for the NRA wants to change topic from all the cash he's taken from NRA
Sorry ur lying, stealing, arrogant witch lost. No I'm not! Love Trump! MAGA!
Marco Rubio - must salute to your loyalty to your lord and master Trump as his lapdog! SAD
WOW  you guys are really mean and as usual, have resorted to name calling. I think that's all u got! 
So let's talk about your wrong decision to sponsor bill trying to stop free speech, and if recent attack on potus with Nelson on PR. Wrong.
Very good decision.
Marco, we need to talk. When is your next town hall ?
HAHAHAHAH. Marco doesnt do townhalls. lolol
I disagree! No improvements since 1960; we need to build bridges, not walls
Con dictadores no se negocia nada!
He also needs to expel 2/3 of the Obama Regime employees from State and IC
U don't care about #Cubans or #Americans U are just a puppet & you will be treated as such.this is probably the end of your political career
Who cares what you think. Of course you’re against it

We need to keep America safe don’t you get that?
Absolutely!!! Safe of @marcorubio and @realDonaldTrump for example?
No safe from people like you for example
Thank you @marcorubio for all you do. We r counting on u to do the right thing. MAGA Gracias Marco estamos contigo FL
We need gun control laws!
SenRubio:The NRA paid you $3.3 MILLION dollars. You make a huge profit from weapons sales includng machine gun sales. You continue2profit#LV
$3.3 million from NRA
Mr Rubio I just came back from Cuba today my people are in desperate need of help after Irma there's no food or money in the streets and you think making it harder on Los Cubanos is the way to go Shame On You , To no eres Cubano hermano
SO YOU MEANT HE GOT ONE RIGHT OUT OF A THOUSAND HE HAS DONE WRONG?. OR IT IS JUST A STRIKE OF GOOD LUCK?.
Cuba doesn't have motive or means/technology to harm embassy staff like that. Russia however does & would love to harm US Cuba relations.
You have no thoughts of your own.  Clone of Donny.
Buró Político del PCC, MININT, MINREX, FARC toda 1 pila de cínicos que son culpables de hacer elecciones fraude no multi partido en #Cuba,
Yes, and thanks to Marco Rubio for 'planting the seed'.
What would we do without your approval?  Wish you would stop giving your opinion on every thing the Potus does.  Just do your job!
Ok thanks dum ass.
I thought We were fence-mending with Cuba?????  Wait, that was during Obama Administration, now I remember.
Wow
kissing up, yet again.
The right thing to do - Castro stole everything from my grandmother's family!
this is A VERY STUPID http://DECISION.You  Mr Rubio have A LOT OF HATE IN YOUR HEART. YOU need to be primaried.

The right-wing decision. There, fixed it for you.
The anniversary month of the CUBA MISSILE CRISIS somehow this smells stinky. Is this better 4 US or Others, seems personal 
This must be a hacked tweet, Rubio saying a good thing about Trump and not about #schumer.
When you run for reelection the trail of your tweets, support for 45 and lack of action will be easy pickings for your opponent.
The American people will be expelling 2/3 of the House and Senate for their failure to take action on #guncontrol #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
We need sensible gun controls. My support is going only to those who will work towards sane laws regarding guns.
Putin to his active operations chief:
Many Congressmen and senators had visited #Cuba, and yet we have a hateful non-visitor dicing the relation with a close America's neighbor.
And Putin laughs and laughs ...
Remember when Putin took out that ad in the New York Times and told all those lies??  LOL!!!
You are persona non grata in Cuba. You will never be welcome there. There's your reward, Li'l Marco.
You probably know more about this than almost anyone in legislature.
Did your Bible tell you that?
Of course you think so, Lil Marco. You never wanted relations to begin with! Transparent motives!
Qué va a pasar con la reunificación familiar? La familia de ambos lado pregunta
Rubio gives a RAT'S ASS about u and your family. He claims to be a person of "God".
Senator Rubio, you are the worst form of hypocrisy.
SENADOR MARCOS RUBIO,GRACIAS POR
APOYAR NUESTRA CAUSA ACORRALADO
AL RÉGIMEN MÁS LARGO Y CRIMINAL
DE NUESTRA AMERICA.
Until the clowns running Cuba wake up and join the free world, they should stay on their dying island.
Why were the only “diplomats” affected in Cuba the ones who were actually spies? Did one of their devices malfunction? Our action is wrong!
Except the world already knows that US diplomats in #Cuba are NOT suffering from the effects of an acoustic weapon
With no new information on the diplomats’ illness, the US is simply trying to undo any positive gains made in the US-Cuba relationship
#Cuba is helping #Venezuela, so naturally the Batistaites in Congress & other neocons smell blood in the water
The absolute worst, stupidest neocons are behind the push for US to overthrow Venezuela govt. Will Americans be fooled again by their lies? https://twitter.com/MarioDB/status/894287176552284160 …
No dejen uno!!!
Eres un parasito
No one hates Cubans more than you @marcorubio !
No, it wasn't. This isn't 1960.
If you agree with it then I am it most likely the worst possible choice.
Yes, because why would the country that advocates peace and freedom want to sit down for meaningful talks with our neighbors.
hey send bern sanders and rest of vt sen and reps to cuba they like it
You have a real problem with Cuba.  People were killed because the GOP are run by the NRA.   You all have their blood on your hands!
Quit sucking up, Little Marco.
Not so. They are people. Talk like this brings out crazy people.
No it wasn't Rubio, it was a stupid idea, typical coming from the right. We should be cultivating our country's not continually separating!
You support the divider of Americans, the sower of hate, a racist, you make America weaker
#goppartyofhate
If that many USA Embassy employees were harmed in a yet undetermined manner, exactly what is now protecting the remaining 40% left behind?
American citizens shouldn't be subject to assault by the #Castro regime in #Cuba 

State Sponsor of Terror!!! Thank you Marco!
Probably was Cuba, but more than likely it was Russia. They want the US out of Cuba so they can set up shop. Just ask trump, bet he knows
This is exactly what i was thinking. Puty does not want Cuba to have any good relations with the US.
The correct response, stop talking...zip it., seriously, do you even think before you speak?
If you like Cuba so much go back. Honestly I think it's time for you to renounce your citizenship
https://www.facebook.com/groups/buffooninchiefdonaldtrump/permalink/374096416384467/ …
I'm all for the child tax credit. But why do we need one. Why can't we just not tax people who make under 250K combined income.
For God's sake. Take his dick out of your mouth.
Evacuate all Americans from Cuba.  Then nuke it
You are sick. Get some professional help. You are another Paddock.
Finally, something we agree on.  Now, about the weapon.  Have we copied it yet?
#Bull that not the real reason

.@marcorubio same type of socialist fanatics Guatemala is facing with CICIG’s personnel. Creating false cases to bring down democracy.
not taking your wrd for it,
No bible verse?
Nope.
Cubans didn't use sonic weapon on our embassy
You are helping Putin/Trump hurt America again with lies
You folks are more lost than a fart in a pool.  How can you criticize this?
No mention of how this will affect millions of your constituents who will be divided from their families. Pretty sick, man.
...yet somehow he won and is in office...pretty sick constituents?
I agree and I rarely do
Still need to find out what happened tho. Or do we already know?
He didn't say anything about guns and the twitter left hacks are jumping my boys ass about guns. Idiots 
What's the status of implementing #RussiaSanctions?

A president with some balls

I'm for better relations but the attacks on our people need a strong response.
You have a unnatural hatred for Cuba.
That's right LITTLE MARCO, you keep stoking your papi trump. Any thoughts on gun control ?
Resign you useless SOB. America is not safe with the GOP in charge. You all have blood on your hands!
The paranoid style

No it was a trumpian set backwards. Stop pandering to your old line supporters. MD
I believe a fairly wise and hard working man said, "Taking an eye for an eye only makes the world blind." I prefer my heros with vision.
Finally your #TeamTrump what the hell took you so long Marco?
Enjoy your day Sir, 
farleft illegal people
Good morning everyone Hope Cleaning up of bad people too illegal people all around the world. Come here We Have to pay tax a lot because
Yes it was, but why didn't .@realDonaldTrump sign the bipartisan #Russian sanction bill that congress passed back in Aug.  It expired Friday
Who care what you think. You took $10,000,00 to work against  to try to keep him to get elected. When U come UP for election U loose
I so agree!
Are you sure, Sen. Little Marco?
Yes, let’s return to failed policy on Cuba.  Failed policy on guns is working so well. #failedpolicy
Now that's no the way your mama taught you how to act. Did you eat yesterday? I am sure you ate despite what happened in Vegas. Life goes on
NOT LOVE MOTHER .............
ONLY  ONE ....................
How this help common cuban people?... no visa, no visit to family, no reunification.... i dont see how this help the people
And giving the regime dollars does? Explain
If the dollars pass through the cuban people... yes
You're fooling yourself. If it makes you feel better,keep thinking that.
I think about my friend and family living in Cuba... that dont make me foolish,... make me human
I think about mine too.
I respect your opinion. I have mine own point of view... regardless of the right of USA to take this actions, it is sad  the impact on Cuba
I respect your as well. I'm also bothered by anything that impacts the people of Cuba. Peace be with you.
Literately no one wants to talk about this today. Don't deflect; let's stop America's mass-killings NOW.
Geez, is that how your face looked after you leaked Obama's butt?
Yes it was.
Was it the right decision by your precious @realDonaldTrump to screw 9 million kids that you and him supposedly care about off their ins?
SOS Venezuela quiere libertad. Vengan a buscarlos. Esto es insoportable. El sueldo no alcanza ni para comer, no hay medicinas, SOS  Gracias
https://twitter.com/mrshuvon/status/915169530325852160 …
Can I get you and @realDonaldTrump a room?  So cozy together.
The GOP’s Twisted Reality, Where Guns Are a Right But Health Care Is a Privilege
That line is getting over used, change it up a bit
Is that like taking 9 million kids off at their insurance. And Donald Trump did the right thing?  CHIP program?
do u believe Raul that he doesn't know what happened? Is it possible a third party wants this 2 fail
No Marco Rubio, we won't digress. Enforce tougher gun laws. Focus.
Cuba has strict gun laws. The government can have them so that they can murder its own people with no resistance.

No, that was a bad idea. There is no proof the Cuban Gov had any hand in these events. More investigation needed before such a decision.
The host country is Cuba. What other country or people could be involved?
You are nothing more than a puppet
Try saying that to a Cuban government official... You are what is wrong with America.
Not really Marco. Everyone deals with Cuba, and so should we.
Ask Cubans if they can deal with their own dictatorial regime. Isn't 58 years of brutality enough for people like you?
