But you're cool with the Russian tyrant that undermines our democracy?  Got it.
. Check your facts!   no one is tougher on Russia than Marco.
so why hasn't he called for an independent investigation?  He used to be tough, now he's all talk.
independent???? Puhleeze! Let's focus on protecting citizens, keeping campaign promises,confirming apptees
Campaign promises @realDonaldTrump isn't very good at that.  We can't confirm anyone who drops out.
I disagree. He started before he even took office.
thks for support. US gov should work w Almagro to impose Carta Democrática on Venezuela and sanctions against former Pdt of TSJ
Please stop lying, in Venezuela are absolutely no tyrants. You are doing war propaganda with your lies
what are you doing about the Russian situation?
There isn't Russian situation
So concerned about tyrants in other countries. What about your constituents? Do your job!

but let's ignore the treason committed by our current president #eyeroll
Thank youfor bringing this to the attention of @POTUS
Para que sirve la OEA y otras instituciones si saben que el pais está secuestrado por narcos,militares y psicopatas y hay hambre
Obama put sanctions on them in 2015 & 2016. How are these new sanctions different?
seriously- stop. My kids deserve better and we are counting on you. Xoxo autism mom.

#EstamosEnNarcoDictaduraEnVzla @GegeRpz: Adoctrinamiento? #SOS #HELP
Mire aquí esto (cont) http://tl.gd/nngufu 
Venezuela is very rich in oil. The government is starving the people of Venezuela & giving their passports to Syrian terrorist
Worried about Venezuela when you refuse to meet with your own constituency? Shameful! #DoYourJob #littlemarco
Miami would be broke without these Venezuelans. Pick your poison little Marco.
the crooked rich Miami Venezuelans must be lining your pockets. Billions of dirty Venezuelan $ is in Miami.
they're mostly Cubans. Venezuelans migrated to Panama where they are thriving.
actually there are a lot of Venezuelans. Very involved in horseracing business.
but lifting Russian sanctions is AOK huh??
.@marcorubio Spoken a like a true coward:

Donald trump is guilty of treason and you will loose your job defending him
you need to focus on Trump and Russian collusion. Which is a national security risk.
Rubio is a corrupt politician and will do nothing for his constituents.
Face your constituents, and address problems here in America.
Insist Trump release taxes and STAND UP FOR FIRST AMENDMENT!!! Incipient dictator and u know it!!!
oh, get off it. Do your job now re our security risks NOW. Investigate Russia links. Don't betray this country.
little Marco coward, hold a town hall meeting
The President is attacking the First Amendment. Just wondering what the tipping point is gonna be for you to grow a spine.
ok to support Russian,Azeri ,Egyptian? As long as their out bastards?
Bannon needs to go.  He is dangerous.
At least Obama didn't hide from his own constituency. How pathetic little Marco.
tu si quieres a este pais
gracias marcos
http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/donald-trump-escalating-slurs …
Sanctions against Russia? Hmmm.....??
your republican pres make Venezuela in vashington
Refusing to talk to your constituents because you're afraid, is unpatriotic and cowardly. I know you're better than this.
SOS Venezuela! Cuando veremos apoyo contundente de otros paises! Cada dia más muertes por desnutrición, medicinas, inseguridad
SOS continuar con la carta democrática en Venezuela! Esto ya lo convertirán en un holocausto lento. No tenemos ninguna seguridad
WOW! YOU'VE GOT A LOT OF FANS MARCO.  QUIT RUNNING FROM YOUR CONSTITUENTS! !
We don't need your confidence.  We need your integrity!
PS I live in your state and  have seen you dodge your constituents because you are afraid of the hard questions.
how about you worry about the current admin? Is the next 4 yrs going to be spent blaming Obama for your mistakes?
When we line the Traitors up against the wall for Treason we will be sure there is room for you.
So why not tell people Venezuela is a war pact ally of Russia against the US and has Russian scramjet nukes aimed at the US?
so why don't you stop hiding and meet with your constituents? What is scaring you?
How about the Russian tyrants and the ones in our adm you now bow down to.  Gonna do something about them?
Hopefully you live downstream from them.
EL ENSAÑAMIENTO DE ÉSTE HP CORRUPTO @marcorubio TARDE O TEMPRANO SE LE DEVOLVERÁ TANTA MALDAD CONTRA VENEZUELA.
I thought you were in Europe? Where have you been?
its 2017 Marco, stand up and deal with todays real problems
DO YOUR JOB!
Arricle says the Venezuelan opposition forces wanted it that way to allow negotiations with the regime.
confident more changes coming from the days when Obama admin officials blocked sanctions against #Venezuela tyrants http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/venezuela/article133212274.html …
still addressing 44 but wont address 45?
#TheCoward'sCoward
when and where are the town hall meetings??????????????  
COWARD!!!!!!!!!!!
wait isn't Noriega tied to drug lords ?
when would u start acting like a man and stand against ignorant racist trump.
Venezuelans are suffering, they're hungry w no hospitals.sanctions hurt them not the gov probably.
So in other words you suggest we get more oil from Saudi Arabia and Iran, instead.
blah blah blah.. all talkie no action. when you coming to orlando?
.@POTUS This guy in NOT funny. http://reddit.com/r/The_Donald   @marcorubio #MiamiHerald
ERES UNA NARCOBASURA, ERES DE LA MISMA CALAÑA DE @AlvaroUribeVel, NARCOREPUBLICANO INMORAL!
Remember when you demanded Trump provide a more complete explanation about Cuba, and it never happened? You think we forgot?
Shannon is one of that obstacles... Go Marco go!!!
how about doing something about tyrannants in our own White House?
At least Obama was sane. Now we have a tyrant of our own in POTUS
VENEZUELA SE PARECE CADA DÍA MÁS A NORIEGA PANAMA OPERACION CAUSA JUSTA LA VAINA QUE HAY MUCHOS NARCOS QUE SACAR DE VENEZUELA?
~ Vendrán cambios desde los dias en que administración de Obama bloqueó sanciones contra tiranos de #Venezuela
@realDonaldTrump @JamesComeyFBI What are you doing about US tyrant(s)? Like, you know, the unqualified ones in chg?
// De los mismos de "siempre". Los visitantes frecuentes de oposición vendida @pimentonverde
@JJRENDON @MiamiHerald Dios lo oiga y lo proteja
gracias por su ayuda Senador! Necesitamos mucha ayuda porque la crisis humanitaria está matando a muchos venezolanos!  #help
Thank you Sen. @marcorubio for taking into account Venezuela's situation and promoting measures against the state mafia. We need justice.
Do you really expect #POTUS to take any action against Venezuela when Maduro is one of his role models? No way in hell.

sounds like you are drinking the Kool aid.  trumpf is a trainwreck and you know it.
@JJRENDON @MiamiHerald I Thank you Senator! From the bottom of my 
When ass holes like all of you have lost,  they must shut up and go away... TRUMP  IS RIGHT,  you all are manipulator & liars.
@JJRENDON Curioso contraste que venga a salvar a Venezuela el mismo hombre que destruye USA.
Claro y raspado para los venezolanos que decian q Obama era jesus cristo resucitado! Gracias! REPUBLICANS ROCK!
Don't mess with the sanctions on Russia!
The Venezuelan people are hurting - they have lost everything. Sanctions will hurt the PEOPLE.
So what are you doing to protect us from the Russian attacks on our democracy?
Venezuela is important but if our democracy fails due to our pres., we will be of no help to them or any others.
Rubio-you really are an idiot.
Pity Admin doesn't sanction #Russia as eagerly as poor 3rd world nations (Cuba Venezuela). @JoyAnnReid @ChrisCuomo
Starving already poor nations falls in bucket of US being "not so innocent" per #Trump?
Sanctions do not stop tyranny; Rich tyrants are impervious to them & will let ppl starve.
Maybe Trumper will resign those damn Venezuela tyrants from having membership at the golf course he owns!
@melavaud @MiamiHerald por qué ya la corrupción también toco a integrantes pseudo líderes opositores
@melavaud @MiamiHerald mucho menos si le vas a pedir dinero
@melavaud @MiamiHerald eso marco rubio te agradezco que no le paren bolas ningún político venezolano
@melavaud @MiamiHerald El gobierno de Obama en complicidad y así estamos como estamos
@melavaud @MiamiHerald ya sabemos quienes han evitado sanciones a Venezuela representantes de la mud
@melavaud @MiamiHerald politiqueros de este país se han convertido en la peor vergüenza que los venezolanos
@melavaud @MiamiHerald no le hagan caso a ningún politiquero de este país a menos que sean representantes de la sociedad civil
@melavaud @MiamiHerald que van a Estados Unidos a pedir dinero para luchar por la democracia y no hacen un carajo
@melavaud @MiamiHerald Y no le paren bola ningún politiquero de este país que son todos unos vendidos arrastrados que van
@melavaud @MiamiHerald yo por mi le doy carta abierta para que invadan Venezuela y saquen estas ratas narcotraficantes
I hope you still have your honor, Sir, and have not sold out to the corrupt billionaires in the cabinet
@melavaud @MiamiHerald Y espero que realmente hagan algo por Venezuela y no sea nada más para la foto
@melavaud @MiamiHerald suficiente con Cuba Venezuela Ecuador Bolivia Nicaragua y ahora Panamá
@melavaud @MiamiHerald así que pónganse las pilas porque tener de vecinos a comunistas no es fácil
@melavaud @MiamiHerald que es el que está detrás de las manifestaciones del gasolinazo Estados Unidos se va mamar un cable
@melavaud @MiamiHerald por qué si en México llega agarrar el tipo este que es comunista que es el que está detrás de las manife
@melavaud @MiamiHerald Donald Trump y su administración tienen que estar de la mano con México porque si
@melavaud @MiamiHerald Las próximas elecciones se va joder Estados Unidos
@melavaud @MiamiHerald pero con México tienen que llevarse bien a juro es un vecino y si en México agarra un comunista
@melavaud @MiamiHerald yo puedo entender que a lo mejor no le caiga el presidente porque es uno más del grupo de foro de Sao Pa
@melavaud @MiamiHerald eso de aumentar el 20% de impuesto a los productos mexicanos es una aberración
@melavaud @MiamiHerald Marco rubio aconseja a Donald Trump que no comete esa locura de ponerse en contra de México
Wait what?! The media is the enemy of the american people!! Did you miss the tweet? WTF marco
Yet you do nothing about the Saudi tyrants. Selective outrage
stick to local politics.
Thanks the Russians for your populist unpopular president and stop blaming Obama for all your sins.
I trust you senator @marcorubio but cannot say the same about @POTUS
Sorry, lost respect for anything you say when you sold your soul.
Says Rubio a man who had NO PROBLEM with Trump violating Cuban Embargo
Por favor, sugiere a Trump que suba impuesto a importación de petróleo venezolano, para ahorcar al régimen!
#Have you cared to visit your homeland cuba?
Trump is a villain and his 44% voters love villains. the other 56% are heroes
how about blocking the treasonous actions of our current administration? How about blocking horrendous cabinets choices?
Currently, I'm a bit more concerned with our president modeling said tyrant behavior.
Spoke with one of your staffers today. Disappointed that you still don't have any public meetings arranged 
@lindamonta @MiamiHerald Siempre lo dije.. Los demócratas no son fiables... Culpables
but you'll do nothing as the tyranny here continues to grow?
Marco, I wouldn't be using the "T" and word when the president you voted for called the press the enemy of the American people
what will you say when human caused climate change encroaches substantially on valuable property along the coast of your state?
do your job and investigate @realDonaldTrump and #Putin #Putin connection.
- You keep focusing on other countries when we have a constitutional crisis here. 
Care we have another noriega in Venezuela narcotraficantes and terrorists disguised delinquents anchored in the political power
So what happened to that whole Russia ties investigation you guys started in Jan? We want some answers already.
Do u plan to face FL voters  during your break? We have lots of questions, including, have u fixed your phone yet?
How can u vote for Pruitt knowing the environmental consequences to your own state? Politics aside, It's science!
Bad situation but most of us are focused on today's crisis in our own gov't & watching how you're supporting it.
Senator I voted for you Time to stand up investigate Flynn/Trump or lose my vote
Hello little Marco. Forget Obama. Today it's Russia at our  gate. What is it with you guys? Like Germany 1934. zzzz
Hey, Marco, when are you GOING TO DO A TOWNHALL? We miss seeing you around South Florida. Have you been in hiding?
Obama didn't take any action against previous dictators & Maduro, the dictator. That's how Obama went w/negligence.@qchamberlin1
Rubio should worry more about the damage Pruitt will do to our environment than what is going on in Venezuela
Never Forget 

2018  2020

@marcorubio FULLY SUPPORTS Trump and REFUSES an Independent Commission about Russian Connections.
@MiamiHerald
How about Russian tyrants, you hypocrite.
Interesting? Then why did you take $ from Soros? "OUCH: Rubio Smacks Down Soros ..." http://theresurgent.com/ouch-rubio-smacks-down-soros-sponsored-group-j-street/?utm_content=buffer20dc5&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
Meanwhile a tyrant is running this country & you've done NOTHING to stop him. Investigate Russian ties! Do ur JOB!
do the right thing and vote no on Pruitt. Our Florida beaches deserve saving!
How does it feel when @SenateMajLdr said ur presidency would be just like this one? Doubt u would be this unhinged!
Vote NO today on Scott Pruitt to head the EPA
a vote for Pruitt is irresponsible without first seeing what was not disclosed. Please do the right thing. Why rush?
So now 
Mr. I VOTE THE PARTY LINE, how will you vote on this.  Do you even know the issue in this case.
IMPEACH #45* IN 2017!!!!
were getting u out! Waste of tax payers money!
Instead of throwing shade on the past, maybe deal with our own tyrants here in the present?
Willful ignorance (about Pruitt) is as culpable as knowing. We need to see his emails. Vote NO on Pruitt!
