all you liberals=leftists LOOOOSSSSSEEEEERRRRRSSSSS
and you? Bitch loooosssseeeerrrrssss!!
how about trumps taxes?
all you liberals= communists are LOOOOSSSSEEEERRRRRSSSS
so you support a guy who mocked a disabled person on tv?  Sweet..
yes, Im tired of the same bullshit of the politicians and Im a latino..
wow that's great..you just ADMITTED that you support a man who made fun of a disabled person on tv
Senator why is our State Department being gutted?
Rubio you turned your back on the folks that supported you , Trumps little Rubio!!
let's first hold trump accountable for all his misleading statements and actions.
first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's. Make 45-account
Very disappointed in Marco Rubio, I will not support him in 2020
we need to hold you accountable.  You are a horrible senator to the people of Florida and USA
Where is Marco Rubio? And where is his backbone? In Russia? Drowned in the swamp?
lil Marco doing big donnie's bidding, how cute!

#OEACartaDemocraticaParaVzla  NO nos dejen morir #CarneiroEsHambre @TemplarioResisT @hcapriles @LucioQuincioC 
Thank you for never giving up on finding political prisoners. I am grateful you are in the US Senate.
what about seeking answers and accountability from our own government?!?!
I'm not a huge fan of yours but thank you for this tweet!!
Thank you for raising awareness about Levinson's disappearance.
you need to seek answers about Trump & Russia.
Any second thoughts on your Tillerson vote  Senator?
@hlb54 @HelpBobLevinson  thank God for people like U that never forget r citizens kept captive & want to hold criminals liable.
but r ready 2 throw poor under bus by repealing ACA
between the rollout of #TrumpCare, disastrous #CIAHacking and Trump's #TowerGate charges, this is what you focus on? #DoYourJob
that is his job  to care for US citizens.
Senador siga con su lucha por Venezuela es el unico que ha incentivado esta lucha. Mis respetos y siempre agradecida por ser Venezolana.
we support the repeal and replaced oca.
Work on it Mr RUBIO.
we must hold YOU accountable!
40 Trumo trademarks approved by China.  Emoluments clause!!!!!!!!'
Rubio is a shill and a poor excuse for a senator!
start with Russia
where's Harold Martin?
So Russia gets a pass because Comrade Trump?
I want to see the voters hold You Accountable!
Thank you for bringing him up. It's insane, but believable that Obama did not care.
Thanks for continuing to fight!
Can we start with holding this lying administration accountable? Then we're right behind you! Country>party!
He's in our prayers. Again, thank you for your outstanding leadership
@cnn @nytimes and we need to get answers on Russia.  is holding you accountable!
#sellout #boughtandpaidfor #actlikeyougiveacrap
we seek the answers of *45's Russian ties. You all should be held accountable. Town hall 
we would like answers on your whereabouts.
If you're interested in Iran check out #trumpBaku
@realDonaldTrump can ask his Azerbaijani "business" partners to ask their Iranian Revolutionary Guard cohorts?
OPPOSE RyanCare. We insist on a complete repeal of ACA! Waiting 8 yrs for this.
Agree with this . No money in it for preztrump so won't get attn. Going to step up on this FISA thing? #doubtUwill #LiarInChief
Thank you,his family must've been devastated when hostages returned home, and no word on him.
Might want to check in your town hall meetings...
Pass a Healthcare bill soon. Don't lose a Republican Congress. Get together, agree on something. People tired of gridlock.
You're a mess Little Pay to Play Marco! You're all over the map. SAD POLITICIAN! #russianpuppetregime
YOUR PRESIDENT.   LIED
He Is In Russia
u need 2 b focusing on #russiagate & #AzerbaijanTowergate! Traitor!
nice press release yesterday - judging by the twisting of the facts is day you're getting advice @seanspicer
Come on Marco - we don't even know that our own Administration has not been compromised by a foreign govt.
can't give up into looking into your Russian donations to campaign.
we must all politicians accountable for not standing up for the people of the USA
@SenRubioPress @HelpBobLevinson stand strong in Christ get the nation to pray the one true living God Jehovah is listening
John,u appear 2be a new troll 4 trumputin contingent.Take ur new account go away
RUBIO  THE GANG OF 8 WHO TRIED TO SELL OUT THE AMERICAN CITIZENS....
I see the other lap dog is going to have dinner with the liar in chief LYEN Ted the name trump little MARCO SAD
we seek answers on the whereabouts of Marco Rubio at a town hall
yr 2009 -is he in a secret prison stll. Ask trump /bannon they know all.ALL ??
How about we have a town hall and we can talk about it.....And, so many other issues
cut taxes please....little man
it's time we hold our OWN government accountable
How bout you start holding trump accountable for his lies ???@marcorubio @HelpBobLevinson
for what he is trying to repair damage from Obama
When will GOP hold #Trump accountable? We have a pathological liar and sociopath with his fingers on the nuclear button. Wake up
focus on Trump and Russia. Why are you allowing this behavior. Start paying attention to your state and not your donors.
Iran is not use to be held accountable there use to us funding them for the last 8 years
the problem we leave for tommorow will still be a problem.  Finish it
Don't give up seeking answers on Trump's #Russian connections.
truedat dad! Those pesky Iranians are surely up to know good.
lets crushem already
Want to build that wall?
amen senator
