As America is becoming thanksto comrade trump and the fearful republicans. What are you afraid of Marco? The KKK
Rhetoric from left is strange. after 8 years of making unelected fed agencies in control of our economy “centralized”?
#6Abr #Venezuela:dictadura después que TSJ asuma poderes de la asamblea controlado por la oposic.http://ln.is/www.wsj.com/articles/zyvAt … Via.@marcorubio
Remember that when voting on Gorsuch! I'm a Republican, but Garland is the nominee! Be fair, honest, smart, & not just "toe the party line!"
ALL YOU HAVE SAID ABOUT SYRIA IS SINCERLY TRUE AND LOGIC. CONGRATULATIONS
Is this what the democrats are planning for the United States of America?? Stop them!
Because of venezuelan political situation students in USA are waiting for renewall passports to apply for OPT and CPT.They need help, please
A majority of US citizens know how they feel.
Senador lo que estamos viviendo en Venezuela es terrible usted siempre nos apoya lo necesitamos
No different than the #Republicans running the show here.
It has never been anything but a dictatorship. What a surprise.
We are slowly approaching this worth judicial tyranny
Venezuela has been a dictatorship for years.Using your measure, u r way behind on what is going on in countries-Progressivism destroying USA
Looks like we're headed in the same direction with this so-called prez.  #enabler
@senrubiopress Remember this?
not your business -- neo-con
And we're on our way to El Trumpo's dictatorship supported by Little Marco.
You mean Venezuela, that bastion of socialism that @SenSanders believes our beloved United States should be looking to replicate?! 

Little Marco....the orange man in the White House is not too far from a dictator either.  Please hold him accountable!
Senator you should investigate Honduran Presidente. Google Article 4 and Article 374 of Honduran Constitution and reelection prohibition
Your immigration bill is Amnesty in disguise! PPL, we spoke on election day, old these gov. officials accountable. Amnesty=slow death 4 U.S.
Looks like a good problem for Venezuelans to solve.
Hey Marco, if I give you 75,000 bucks will you push my agenda too? Or is it the highest bidder?
Mind your business.  Fix the problems de los EEUU and stop pimping war.
Support the people of Venezuela.
Very sad...and scary news. Those poor people of #Venezuela!
Help Venezuela, the people of Venezuela R peaceful loving Christians&they R suffering at the hands of the government & Muslim Vice President
So what's happening in #Paraguay today too basically
Come on, man. Russia didn't just help trump win general election, but also primaries. Please tell us that you're not going to let this slide
If u bring down @PutinRF_Eng  I will support u & change parties this combat vet will fight 4 my country!
U should be fighting against this dictatorship! @PutinRF_Eng  is a MURDERER! #RussiaProtests
you should stop looking to the South and look at your own damned government.
Hey marco,hiw you going to spend that 74000.00 you got for giving away my inernet browsing history.If i give you 75,000.will vote for us.
@FreddyGuevaraC Is socialist too.. be careful.. They dont really represent us, we are tired of socialism, it's been 60 years now
Marco be carefull @LuisFlorido is socialist too. His party belongs to The Socialist International (SI). Leopoldo and Lilian are socialists 2
Little Rubio stay in your closet
Sad.
Don't worry, @marcorubio,  @realDonaldTrump is working hard so we can catch up to their example!
Always meddling.....the USA can't police the whole world You want to raise taxes to allow us to do that and cut Medicare & Social Security?
Starts first with "so-called-judges", slippery slope. POTUS that uses Russian Active Measures threat to democracy future of USA!
America! Officially a dictatorship.
@jaketapper @WSJ Maybe God is trying to send you a message. Get with the program- prevent this from happening here.Stand up to T
let's hope this is not our country next year ARTICLE 25
And you support Gorsuch who will do the same in America. Guess it's alright if the dictator shares your ideology. #Hypocrisy
#SOSVenezuela #HumanRights #DDHH
This is where we are headed....
Appropriately Your name came up on Tucker Carlson last night, via a Russian professor, another one that figures you are better at following
And yet you have no problem with Trump gutting the State Department & selling out to . Hypocrite.
Dear Marco Rubio, methinks thou doth project too much!
@WSJ 
Doesn't Soros fund Rubio? #AskingForAFriend
I've seen conflicting national news on that. Said he refused the $ when he learned the grp was Soros related
Then he should speak out. From what I have seen, he is closely aligned with funding sources of Kasich,McCain.
Rubio often DOES join the ridiculous McC/Graham sisters. Grandstanders.
@realDonaldTrump @mountainwalker About the same as Dictator Don is trying to do here. SAD
You mean "effectively," not "officially."
@LarryMarka1122 Wait another couple weeks bc so is #Turkey with #Erdogan. Already separation of busses for men/women #Sharia
this is what will happen here in the USA if you do not stand up to dictator trump  #impeachdonaldjtrump
yes. Dictators are intolerable. So when are you going to stand up to Putin and his puppet in the WH. #Russiagate
I think I see me in there!
You support a wannabe dictator in your own country.
Don't even think about Venezuela. Clean up your own s*** show
You mean, kind of like America?
What the fuck is a VPN says the guy investigating hacking. That is the problem.
Very sad for Venezuelan or any people to be betrayed by their leadership.
Wow sad day for Venezuelans
@jaketapper What's scary is the parallels to our current Repub Admin. Are we headed there?
Don't tell Trump. He'll order Jared to figure out how to do this here.
sooo, is this a suggestion to your leader or a warning to us?
https://twitter.com/wdfx2eu95/status/846697826692272128 …
We could end up that way too,
 starting the Mercer family's establishing an oligarchy in this admin.
#resist
Bad news!
Are you going to do all you can to prevent 45 from pulling this shit here at home?
Keep America a democracy,  Trump and Bannon NOT for democracy,  pushing AUTHORITARIAN REGIME
And here you are helping #theliarinchief with his agenda that will end up very much like a dictatorship
Yes remember this when 45 disparages judges.
life flashing before eyes
Your position isn't clear - do you men "I condemn this action" or "yes - we should do this in the US!"
why do you care?
Venezuela is now the envy of Trump and Bannon.
That's the kind of thing that happens when a populist con man gets elected.  Good thing that could never happen here.
Sad but true. People need to realize how easily a dictatorship can form.
WYD Where's Rubio been for the last decade?
Marco amazing you speak out about other countries but remain silent on what Trump has done here. Your silence is being heard loud and clear!
Little Marco, are you catching the parallels here?
We r going to be a dictatorship as soon as Gorsuch is on the bench with u & your far-right GOP votes .
@jaketapper @WSJ joins Thailand
is that what happens next?
No. We are a ways off from that. It is just one of 100 stories that are falling through the cracks because of the Trumpfog
They're a mess because of actions like this. We don't want GOP to do the same here. Keep your people in check. They're acting like dictators
Yay socialism ! Bernie must be proud
"Trump to follow Venezuela's lead": WaPo lead in the not-too-distant future, I'm guessing.
A dictatorship is what's needed to enforce socialism. People in the US that advocate for socialism also want a dictator.
E
You just letting people know ahead of time that everyone was doin it before you guys did?
Stop @realDonaldTrump before we are a dictatorship too #impeach45
Not our problem. Going to fire up the grill, and throw some steaks on. TGIF.
A supreme court can wipe wipe out an entire branch of government & democracy itself? Let's hurry up and approve Trumps nominee!
Oh, Venezuela , I thought you were talking USA
I commend your spotlighting this, sir, however, the @GOP is pushing for this in the US so it's a tad hypocritical, all things considered.
This reminds me of something...wait, it'll come to me...
DOES THAT SOUND FAMILIAR MARCO, "OPPOSITION-CONTROLLED CONGRESS"? START WORKING FOR THE PEOPLE INSTEAD OF THE PARTY
Horrifying; poor Venezuela. Where is the WH on this Latin American crisis?
@jaketapper @WSJ Isn't the US headed in that direction? What have u done to protect us from this same fate?
This is primed for bipartisan action.
Funny how that happens when people put self-interests ahead of their country. Isn't it, Marcy Marc. #glasshouses
This is a lie touted by a capitalist. Socialism is the answer so not believe capitalist lies.
it's better to have a neutral profile pic - that news doesn't exactly merit a chuckle - or get a dog !
I guess your future king is taking notes...#USISNEXT
Grab em by the pussy!
Yes, and autocratic tyrants do attack the free press, and they use populism as a tool.
Marco este es el momento de ayudar a Venezuela, habla con Trump,sanciones fuertes para que estas lacras no se puedan mantener en el poder.
Now get off the couch and educate millenials about what socialism does to a once-free country. They might lose smartphone?
maybe you should focus a little more on what is happening with our own govt #Trumprussia so we don't follow their lead!
Senador pero venezolanos necesitan acciones que los saquen de ese sufrimiento, no más palabras ni abrazos, por favor ayude que mundo actúe.
And...how long before it happens here?
So, what is United States waiting for?, Venezuela needs your help!!
like when the U.S.A tried to bring  democracy to Vietnam?
No, just like when USA brought democracy to Panamá.
Amén mil veces amén→ @mdpgomez
The history goes like this: On 1968 in Panama there was a coup, a military took power helped by your friend the USA,(1)
Omar Torrijos Herrera wanted to have the canal of  panama back so he signed the 
Torrijos–Carter Treaties (2)
The treaties guaranteed that Panama would gain control of the Panama Canal after 1999 (3)
ending the control of the canal that the U.S. had exercised since 1903 (4)
American wrongly imprisoned in #Venezuela with no charges levied & no day in court. Help end #humanrights violations & @freejoshholt
@madanabhat Kinda like Russian operatives in control of WH, Congress & Senate. Put Dump in as KING & anointing the royal family
You are really starting to  annoy me again. This whole state knows hpw much you dont gamble .You only play Quod Pro Quo with Venezuela.Shame
could happen in America if senators don't watch our backs and only watch out for themselves over country. Investigate 45
aren't you suppose to be working on Florida's issues like healthcare  tax reform and making sure we are safe?
Focus on America first
maybe you should look at Venezuela and its transition from democracy to dictatorship & compare!You might learn a thing ir two!
Get used to it. That is what our SCOTUS will look like with Gorsuch. No confirmation while WH under investigation. #nogorsuch
You have no room to act like you care when you continuously #sellout your constituents.  Shame on you. Your #hypocrisy is noted.
Well, what did they expect after appointing Neil Gorsuch?
Hey Marco, what are you doing to protect country from the con man (your words) in the White House?
don't worry about Venezuela lito Marco. You got bigger problems in your own country! No one elected you to comment on Venezuela
You've got enought troubles at home with @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP I'd worry about that first. #Trumprussia #FlynnFlipped
I can hardly wait to hear M Flynn story!  Criminal Investigation on the President Trump for Illegal money laundering with Russians.
They started being like USA allies, namely: Saudi Arabia, Bahrain (5th fleet), Qatar, UAE, Jordan, etc. Americans have gained another ally
Llegó la hora la ayuda es ya estamos en dictadura pura
Trying to take over Valero? Run a pipeline from Venezuela to the US?
Sr. Marco Rubio, ese payaso de Freddy Guevara NO es un opositor, es un SOCIALISTA y un COLABORACIONISTA complice del régimen.
No nos decepcione Sr, Rubio, La verdadera oposición en Venezuela no tiene rating, está amordazada y tapada por los borregos muderos.
Ex-dirigente estudiantil.Y desde q es diputado, se ha puesto gordo y sonrosado. Como Luis Florido y otros diputados contratistas del régimen
especialmente ese payaso de la foto, Acá lo llamamos Pokemon. Durante sesión en AN tuiteó que buscaba a Pokemon.
And you work for a #dictator  in the making – just look at how #PresidentBannon treated the freedom caucus???
qué pena que trate a estos payasos de la MUD como a verdaderos opositores. Sólo han cohabitado con el régimen. Esperaba más de Ud. En serio.
Silence is complicity. Be part of the solution. November 2018.
Sounds like a system the Demo's might want to copy in the U.S.
@realDonaldTrump help!!!!!
u blindly do what trump tells u to & not even a hint of irony in your "concern" about Venezuelan dictatorship  thats rich
futuro Presidente Rubio ---  aléjate de Trump !   Urgentemente !
#Honduras is under absolute power dictatorship same as Venezuela. Honduran Gob officials involved on scandals
why the double standards?

Agreed. This won't help the country at all.
It wasn't already?
sounds like what trump wants to do
Colombia &. Venezuela need your help against comunism, maduro and farc
Given our current state of affairs under @POTUS , I'm afraid we will be next.
senator Rubio, the venezuelan people need US support. This is a key moment and critical in ensuring a transition
Dictatorship? Just because you dont like the governmet, sir?What countries conspire against USA president?People protest and nothing happens
Santos esta entregándole Colombia a farc y maduro, pueblo colombiano necesita ayuda de USA
Don't leave Venezuela alone
Glad we don't have any troubles with our own government here in the USA.
seems to the result of too far left wishes granted.  History over and over proves it.
When are you and the rest of the Republicans planning on doing the same thing  here.  You are all just disgraceful.
Is there any interest or possible foreign intervention?
That's the first smart thing you've tweeted. I'm actually impressed you noticed.
@commonsense765 @WSJ like I've been saying, we need Operation Just Cause #2. Go for the head-in and out.
Economic sanctions and arrest warrants for Castro's 200,000 armed agents inside Venezuela is appropriate now....and soon. @POTUS
I am certain I saw a foto of Barack Hussein hugging Nick Maduro.  Now Maduro is a dictator.  Raul:  Are you happy ?
How sad.
@LuisFlorido @WSJ @Enrique_Rojas1 Coup to the Constitution in Venezuela. Do not stand by Crossed arms watching what happens.
The court system is heading this way in the US too. Activist judges replacing the legislature in making laws, rather than enforcing laws.
SOS Venezuela
We see the results of the implosion of Venezuela by their people fleeing their country to then show up here. Very sad situation
You should go there, run for president
Marcocito... you should try to get back your job washing the Cocaine dealer's guard dog. You suck as a legislator.
And if you don't stand up to your president soon we will be too.
