Glad to hear that. Speaking of @FaceTheNation, when will you be hosting a townhall to hear directly from your constituents?
Then why block the path to an independent and transparent investigation? Why no demand for a thorough independent investigation?
No need
No thanks
Lel pequeno marcos
You are a gutless wonder. Did you take Russian money too?
#ImpeachTrumpPence
I'd rather poke my eyes out
Great!!!! I need a good laugh
Sorry, Mr. Rubio - This entire "Russia thing" only clouds those who allow it to cloud. It's supposition looking for fabricated evidence.
If the dems would stop acting like there 3, maybe things would get done. Stop blaming President Trump!
I wish CNN would have open lines for questions on these Republicans! Se how Marco side steps the truth!
Good so I can watch you lie to our faces
Why? So we can see you shrink even more? Lie even more?
Tune in to see u flip flop and not be a real man.. sure
Unless you plan to denounce Trump and call for impeachment proceedings to begin...that'll be a no, I have laundry to do.
who cares you fraud
Don't watch liberal media. Sorry.
Please let me know if you have anything to say about supporting your constituents!!!! Otherwise I can not hear or see you!!
Read about u on fake the nation. You are dam right, we got who we voted for. That's why your not in the Whitehouse. Have a good day
Marco you had so many opportunities to show some integrity and courage and you failed every time. No one believes you anymore.
of course make this about u @marcorubio  traitor 2 appear on CBS? Cmon & STAND BY OUR MAN & STAND UP 4 WE THE PEOPLE! We no u r photo-opping

And YES we did!! From trump's lips to God in Lester Holt interview & STILL you say there is NO evidence!! What PLANET are you from? URANUS?
Who cares
What is it? Are they getting tired of John McCain being the only "republican" to talk trash about about our #Potus?
#Istandwithtrump
#MAGA
I'll make sure I won't watch... don't want to vomit!
Great job. I found your responses even, logical, and reasonable. Good to have a sane, rational rep in DC.
Not impressed. Trump does not have the mandate but you support him. Obama had our mandate, and you obstructed him. UR on the wrong side x2
you did a decent and mature job.
You feed into Tapper's phony journo. Realistically Dems want to neuter Trump's agenda.
So disappointed in your interview. Lost all respect for you #isupportpotus
NEWS FLASH: Donnie isn't PRIVATELY discussing #humanrights with #SaudiArabia.
#GOPFAIL
PS Hold a #TownHall!
you are a dispointment... i used to believe in you as a leader but not anymore
You're quick 2 talk 2 the press & put ur face out there nationwide, but refuse town hall meetings & refuse 2 talk 2 constituents. Shameful.
You need to be on Face The People, I.e., hold a town hall and quit ignoring your constituents, who you are accountable to. #runningscared
It's bad enough I have to see your jibberish on twitter. Why would I waste more time listening to you talk about things that aren't your job
Why? To watch you bash Trump? Trump's trip is historic. You should be celebrating that today!! Russian story is a dnc hoax! You know that.
Anybody who doesn't realize North Korea has now become the biggest existential threat to our country and the world should be locked up.
Maybe someday this century you will have the fortitude to meet with your constituents coward lackey
When are you going to Face Your Constituents?!
To preen for the Dems? they use you Marco you will be voted out next election
Only if you are going to talk about US concerns and why you won't have a face-to-face meeting with constituents

"Venezuelan legislators "rubber stamps" for their country's unstable president"...Glass house much?
Please don't be a typical Republican patsy and give the liberal media what they want - bipartisan suspicion of Trump. Support our President
As a life long republican I ask, please don't participate in undermining Trump and his supporters. Please, media does plenty of that.
Are you going to publicly denounce @BetsyDeVosED and all her policies? Are you going to announce defunding the voucher scam?
GOD BLESS YOU. THE EVIL IS CBS And.....
why is there a GOP platform that needs pushing? Or just more self promotion without substance? #Coward
Why bother? You say nothing in these interviews.  Maybe just stay home and hydrate instead. #littlemarco
Marco, defend and promote President Trump, he is a good man, he is right for our country. MAGA from SoCal.
Sorry but I stopped watching biased @cnn during primaries. CNN is Anti-America
What party are you affiliated with?!?
Seen everywhere but with your constituents.
Being a Dem, I was always open minded to all parties. I've always been stuck on how Trump could overshadow you. You're a good stand up guy.
Wear a nice tie.
Just watched u w Tapper. Your hypocrisy & dancing around questions is mind blowing, esp in light of how horrible u spoke of HRC. Shame.
You sold out trump. For hearsay enjoy your last term.
Make sure you support President Trump.
He didn't what a surprise
Stay hydrated!  I would hate for your shameless hypocrisy and cowardice to get overlooked by posture, pretense, and faux patriotism.
I have been watching Sent. Marco. Its been a great articulation, thanks.
What hole will you be crawling out of to do this?
 % Class..... why aren't you #POTUS instead of that embarrassment?
I feel like crying... what's happening to us....?
More protecting Trump. Why watch
Despite being at the edge of the cliff they continue
Dale candela...
How about fielding questions from your constituents? Last I checked, you represented the people of Florida, not your out of state donors.
Yeah, just stop talking. You're not being truthful/realistic. Stop pretending to be neutral. Just ask why. Why is Russia so eager to defend?
You don't face constituents never mind the nation. #spineless
Will you actually be there or will you be missing like you are in Florida with your constituents? We want a town hall
Got to say for the first time I'm impressed by your interview. I hope you follow through on what you just stated on CNN
Why are you appearing on deface the nation. They are not a credible news outlet.
I hope you are watching your @POTUS in Saudi Arabia.
Don't  trash the President
Mr. RUBIO what type of cheese did TRAPPER/CNN real you in to speak on his show. You know what Trapper is
Good job on @CNNsotu. When will there be a town hall to address constituents?
Tune in for your traitorial statements against the President.. 'No' to watching you #traitor
it's.  #sethrich #NotRussia
That's the best you can do?? CBS REALLY THEY WILL TURN EVERYTHING YOU SAY AGAINST YOU BUT THATS OK VERY FEW WILL SEE IT ANYWAY
Iranaphilia is over. Tell it like it now is Senator 
Please support POTUS
Good Job on CNN! Keep standing for Human Rights!  I believe it defines us as Americans.
I will tune in you coward.
Thanks, I'll pass. You ignore everything we Floridians ask of you, so we'll be fine ignoring your grandstanding that goes nowhere.
Please talk about President Trumps historic trip!
Tell the truth Marco
Don't fall for the Russian hysteria crap!
U better be a man rather than a rino
I hope you will be defending our POTUS against the MSM unsubstantiated charges and anonymous sources.
Not on theses stations, This is one less viewer that will tune in.
Try not to screw the President
He dont need. Trump's doing a perfect job at doing it himself
Nope. Don't watch Dem propoganda channels.
What makes a fact true in a republicans mind?
Thanks for the warning!
Please tell us why the Senate and House are wasting this historic opportunity to make the drastically needed and promised changes.
Ah like I need to see your dick face again.
Do that have a special seat that allows those without spines to sit upright?
Do you have your regime talking points ready loyal liddle @marcorubio?
Hillary's emails
Unmasking
Leaking is a crime
What collusion?
Hi there's a Russian puppet in the White House. Can we address that?
You know, they will want you to blast the @POTUS . Don't help promote their agenda
I don't watch Fake News!
If u had a patriotic bone in your body you wouldn't do interviews with either. But you don't
Support Pres45!!

I hope you comment, “I couldn't have been THIS bad if I tried!” somewhere during the interview. 
You know who I'm talking about. 
Say something intelligent.
Will be watching!
The middle class understands how biased the media is against @POTUS and who has courage to defend him
I refuse to waste my time to watch a channel thats so blatently biased. Mayby when they start to tell the damn truth on their news
I don't watch CBS. Fake news
Will you be addressing your constituents, just like you do when you show up for Town Halls?
Oh wait...you don't care about them.
You people are hilarious, setting up all these Fakehalls. Do people really fall for your parody account?
Will be watching you on both!
To talk about our President? Or is it about another country?
Will be following to hear logical responses & great details that would be of benefit to the community at large & not just sound good jargons
Sorry don't watch fake media outlets
And then you'll be doing a town hall ANYWHERE in Florida... oh, wait. No, no you won't. #doyourjob #townhall @IndivisibleFL13
If I wanna get lied too I'll go to a strip club looking for love. More fun and she's probably more truthful than you are of your best day
What hateful things are you going to say about Trump today?
Who cares?!
Stay home and shut up.  The only reason they want to talk with you is to undermine our country and our president.
Stick up for Ttump for once. You guys need to start fighting back!
You should be in DC making sure healthcare passes and make a good tax bill. Enough of this Comey crap and you know it's crap.
Why, so we can listen to you say absolutely nothing? You're a coward
You've disappointed me so often though. I don't think you intend to invite people like me...like us.
Thanks for the heads up Mr. Rubio, and we'll see you soon!
No thank U.  I will get the highlights on line
If u had a patriotic bone in your body you wouldn't do interviews either either. But you don't

How the butt is feeling. Must hurt hey?
Never saw America looking this bad under a president
Plz unite the GOP behind a positive agenda
Face the Nation ok. I can't watch CNN anymore.
Talk about net neutrality. You'll lose gen y and millennials if you don't flip your position.
Try not to whine...& grow a set and support #Trump.
You Must be a Dr. Of Doolittle and Charge Lottle
No deeds little guy.
Please be supportive of our president flaws and all. He can make a difference in the world but Republicans must have his back. Be courageous
I hope defending the constitution and not this compromised president

Why?
Please do more than talk big about country first. Back it up for a change.
Even the talk hasn't been very big...
Make sure you stand tall and proud ---enough of bending over to the alt-left Dems & MSM. WE DID OUR PART as voters ---GOP needs to unite.
Unless it's to show you've found your balls or grown a spine than don't bother.

#MAGA #IMPEACHTRUMP
“If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.”
― Bruce Lee
A.K.A. Richard Saunders
we dont watch these networks most it is fake news
Why not
Looking forward to it, Senator.  Thanks for the "heads up."
ok
Still searching for that spine I see.
I love your disassociated truths.
Tuning in Senator! Have a blessed Sunday!
