I'm certainly praying for everyone's safety, unbelievable kooks use this to claim global warming, when I was a kid it was an ice age
I can't even imagine praying for #Naples
Sorry Marco,your island is going under,we are praying for you.
Oh did you fly in to celebrate the storm??? Get back to D.C. And back to work making sure the Feds assist with the recovery! 
Wasn't Miami a direct hit for Irma?
Prayers for Florida & a link for those who always spam Senator Rubio about climate change causing hurricanes:
No! Get some of the facts on http://History.com ! Get more via astrophysics study. Factor sun cycles into what came before.
Así sienten los que ustedes les negaron santuario en Miami!! Las leyes no están por encima del bienestar del ser humano!!
Its horrible FP&L let us down. Lost power 9:30AM. Need to sort them out
Politics aside, the casual nature of this tweet is crazy. You don't care about your own state
I can't imagine. It's worse than I thought
We have to pray for those cities and people it's been crazy this hurricane!
Tallahassee will be gone, Marco 
Don't worry. @GOP will have plenty of thoughts and prayers for FL. 

While the head of the EPA says "not the time for climate change talk."
??? What?!?
this is due to climate change. Scientists predicted this years ago. We need you to change public policy to protect us.
Another GOP'r that will do absolutely NOTHING about climate change. Explain that to your children & grandchildren. This will only get worse.
Senador lo bendigo y declaro abundancia en su vida y su familia, el que ama a su projimo entrara al reino de los cielos Amen! Amen! y Amen!!
Yes.....counting yr blessings is in order here.

The reason Republicans tried to make a punchline out of Al Gore is because he PREDICTED ALL OF THIS.

http://www.newsweek.com/climate-change-made-hurricane-irma-worse-al-gore-warned-would-happen-people-661935 …
WATCH OUT! There will be plenty of "nasty" looting to go around-especially in Metro areas. Shoot 1st, ask questions later. ENFORCE curfews.
No trite bullshit bout Personal responsibility 

@marcorubio #Miami #Naples #Irma2017 #hurticaneirma
Will you now be willing to discuss climate change? Will you admit that maybe we need a scientist to lead the EPA and other technical jobs?
Thank goodness there is no Global Warming or it could be really bad.
Marco. Please be a champion for the president to get the funds necessary for disaster relief. And tell Sen Nelson he better vote for it
Ha Ha to Senator Nelson
Yeah, why don't you come to Miami Beach? You don't need to be a scientist to see rising sea levels. #Irma
At least he didn't tell us to pray two a cloud being. Talking to Visible man won't help things.
Marco,lets see some action on climate change,or are you still on the fence.
Stay safe. We don't need to lose any good republicans
Don't vote on funding for federal relief like you did about Hurricane Harvey!!!
Yep imagine about your constituents in the Keys that took a direct hit
And how did you vote for relief for Sandy? Oh that's right. YOU VOTED NO.
We are going to see the horrifying impact of #HurricaneIrma May Allah protect everyone from this calamities. Straight outta #Clearwater
Wait. Marco Rubio tells FL to evacuate but he stays in Miami?
Is he dead?
Good. Glad you're all fine & have time to kill. Now, put down your bible, take out your science book, open to page 1 and start reading.
Imagine if you had a spine & took a stand about #ClimateChange to protect your constituents and country
Gov Scott is demonstrating real leadership because he is a businessman and not a politician. Like our president. That makes the difference
We need for you to get more TV visibility during the storm. Bill Nelson is taking advantage of it from a political standpoint  Sad.
May God's mercy be upon them! 
Storms must avoid creeps!
And imagine when another 'storm of a lifetime' hits before fully rebuilt?! Accept climate change as real and protect your constituents!
Are you in the state
don't get on the climate change with Dems have always had hurricanes $$ won't affect climate just makes rich Dems
We're in Lehigh Acres close to Fort Myers.
WatersWave hunkered down in Pinellas Co. I hate the name Irma! LW. #waterswave

Feel so bad for u Senator can't even post from Florida in distress right now without the soulless liberals attacking May God protect us all
No worries Marco... blue states available to subsidize red, as always....
Not according to stupid Ann Coulter
I just can't imagine a life of such cowardice, of seeing what u know to be right, anthropogenic climate change, & denying it for politics.
Instead of vying to be the apple of Trump's eye, be a man and represent the people of FL. Didn't vote for you and proud.
@marcorubio Keep up the good work, Senator Rubio.  You're a great American!
G-D bless them and wish them well.
All prayers with those effected stay safe.
It's been Nasty For 20 years for Children In this country. Obama & Hillary Created the Largest Child Pedofiles Registry in USA History
I forgot that u also worship corporations! Pray to them as well, you never know
TWC van driving through water, really?
Do as I say not as I do- wow
Cite the Bible and pray to ur god to save u from the hurricane he sent. Cause ur god is a he, no doubt about it
Well RUBIO GET OFF TWITTER AND GO CHECK ON TAMPA AND ALL THE OTHERS YOU MENTIONED IT'S PART OF YOUR JOB MR RUBIO DO YOU REPRESENT MIAMI ONLY
Climate change isn't what lets developers build right up to the waterline.  That is #greed and #corruption.
I pray that everyone family and friends in Florida can get though this trouble devastating storm, your in my heart
Just as eloquent as our commander-in-chief.  
What no bible quote when its actually the proper time?

it be like Donald Trump's presidency... pure chaos.
@jaketapper Can we talk about #climatechange now? Denial ain't just a river in Egypt it's a flood in Florida #Irma #thetimeisnow
We. need to go back to our founding fathers, NO TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION! AND THAT INCLUDES RUBIO WHO IS ALWAYS ON TWITTER.
Do not donate to RED CROSS climate change is a farce
No matter how much these hurricanes cost , The Working class will pay for the damage one way or another! Make no mistake about that.
Maybe you can pray this storm away.

Why don't you pray the storm away?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! lol
Pass legislation to protect our environment you coward
Praying for everyone there.  I'm in Houston so I know it's going to be scary.
The Keys are really bad, Senator.
Rubio you are so short the hurricane will pass right over your head and not mess your hair! YOUR A LUCKY GUY!
Super helpful
Why didn't you he'd the governor's order and evacuate? What kind of example does that set?
Can't stand Scott or Rubio, but the orders to evacuate apply only to those in storm surge evacuation zones.
Be safe Mr. Rubio. Be safe. 
So still want to support the denial of climate change
THAT'S what you have to say to your constituents?  Ugh!
Sen Rubio, I live in Sarasota, I'm really scared that my home will be destroyed, what are you going to do to stop climate change?
Maybe ask your president to reconsider the decision on the Pairs treaty?? Duh!
Stay safe
Hey Little Marco, your God must really be testing you but I'm sure you have a proverb to help all those that are going to be devastated.
Welcome to experiencing a sampling of what awaits us if your damn party keeps denying climate change instead of acting to slow it!
Open your eyes, Rubio. Climate change is real.  Your leader is not.
stay safe.
Tell me your thoughts #climatechange
Climate change is a real threat to democracy huh?
Mark my words: Sen. Rubio will be gathering photo ops like Sen. Cruz in TX hungry for crumbs of relevance.
How do you feel about climate change now, Marco?
Be safe!
Did my old employer FPL keep you in power?
Mar-a-Lago remains closed to those in need of shelter & you should remember that when tempted to think of your pal Trump as "Christian."
Don't forget Key West.
What...no bible verse?
Tell you what, prove u in Florida
Yes, Senator. Just imagine. Then just imagine how residents of other states feel when they experience disaster. Then VOTE FOR FUNDING
Bet you aint in Florida
Where are you, are you riding the storm out in Miami or did you evacuate. I'm in PBC, hunkered down and ready to help wherever needed. You?!
#climatechange
Hold a town hall senator

Rush Limbaugh evacuated after calling #Irma "media hype". @ChrisCuomo, dad to 3 small kids, is in harm's way covering storm. Who's the fake?
Do you finally believe in climate change now? Stop being ignorant
Heard of climate change? If only u were in a position to help the issue...
Better to imagine what it would be like if smart people ran our country.
How's the climate change arguments working for you and @GOP  you know in your soul it's real.
Politicians don't have soul's they have moneybags!
Cape Coral has a population 3-4x bigger than all those cities.  If someone could spare us any thought at all, that would be great
Now imagine that this is the new normal and accept the recommendations of science.
Really little Marco,? Watching TV news like the rest of us,? We really were waiting for you to weigh in with your expertise. Chill...OK?
Don't forget Marco Island!
What no bible verse this morning? Maybe Revalations
Hey Little Marco, this is what climate change looks like. How bad does it have to get before you stand up for science?
What? No cute bible quote? Remember this next time there's a vote on climate change or an infrastructure project to keep FLA above water
Good tweet, Jonathan!!!
Time to do something absolutely it climate change.  Develop a spine.
The weather Channel is helping us imagine.
In Tampa Bay we want you to push to get us back into the Paris Accord. Climate change is real, the science is not a hoax.
It's a shame Trumps not down there....when he milks millions from Fema. He should  at least  feel the storm
Yes, imagine! And take that imagination & expand it to your job-- think about others when legiating tax reform, healthcare etc. Just sayin
Can we start taking climate change seriously, now?
Like Twister.
Don't think u will be seeing a big tourist industry for awhile....in Miami... or most of Florida, the Keys, Bahamas, ect for that matter...
But climate change isn't real, right?
You better step up and do what is right..we are all very tired of your bull.
Imagine if you didn't pretend you were a helpless victim and actually voted against climate deniers and protected this country.
climate change isn't real this must be the wrath of god upon the Christian heretics of Florida.
"here in Miami"? weren't you told to evacuate?
Instead of imagining that, why don't you do something real about climate changes since u supposedly rep the ppl of Florida?
Time for Republicans to increase taxes instead of increasing nation's debt?
And Key West! 
Stay safe!! xx
 Hittin hard or not..Be Safe!
Imagine if @realDonaldTrump would start taking action regarding #climatechange and protecting our coastal city's futures
Nah. The storm is just a chinese hoax. Its just another storm right? Its not like climate change made it stronger and bigger than usual
Remember your constituents when it comes time for storm relief, Marco.
Hope it's better than here in Texas.
You've spent your life working to prevent disaster preparation.
I could go check on your Tampa office after it passes but, well, 'it's complicated'. #marcorubio
It's almost as if the climate is....changing.
Would be rad to see you take a stand moving forward to look at infrastructure improvements  in US with these mega storms in mind #icandream
Why don't you drive there and find out first hand.  We will all quote a meaningless Bible verse and say a prayer
Agreed.  Please support science.
A lot of prayers for the people of Florida. Stay in a safe place.
Run over there and check for us... thanks
You forgot to mention Cuba. Nobody mentions #HurrcaneIrma'simpact on Cuba.
Such a nasty woman
Thank you Senator. We're in Levy County east of Cedar Key. Keep us in your prayers.
Aww little Marco , do u believe in The beautiful chinese hoax now ?
Make sure @DWStweets stays safe. She might be a key witness to the #AwanBrothers shenanigans
Three times as strong over #KeyWest #keys and sitting there. #Irma2017
Stay safe Senator
Perhaps you should have got on a plane and went up and stayed at your friend's house at the White House
BANKO ...................
Senator #Rubio, thanks for your amazing leadership in preparation for #HurricaneIrma. We are agreeing with you in #prayer now for all in #FL
Marco Rubio has his own prayer twitterer. 
He needs it.
Be safe FL and thank you for welcoming me to the US from Europe many moons ago.
Prayers for everyone 
Prayers for you!
why don't you do the country a favor and resign?  You lost, didn't you?  How come you still have a job?
Genius analysis.
Romans 3:23-24
for all have sinned and #fall #short of the #glory of #God, being justified freely by His #grace through [1/2]
the #redemption that is in #ChristJesus, [2/2]
Psalm 121:1-2
A Song of Ascents. I will lift up my #eyes to the #hills— From whence comes my #help? My #help comes from the [1/2]
#Lord, Who made #heaven and #earth. [2/2]
