Of course it has. In the past you stood up to Trump. Please do so now. #RussiaGate. #TrumpRussia #IndependentInvestigation  NOW!
I agree - it shouldn't. However you should be patriotically standing up for our democracy instead of playing games.
WHY are you so obsessed w/Russia Probe? It's been said by Clapper & @SenFeinstein that there is no evidence of collusion. Investigate #Leaks
And Feinstein today says there was, Schiff has also stated there is. Perhaps different people see different info, or some people think
it should be revealed while others want to wait until the investigation is over? You're deluded if you think the FBI wouldn't end an
investigation after TEN MONTHS of not finding anything. No, I'm sure they've found quite a bit. Need to uncover all connections and fronts.
Marco, You have 5.5 yrs left in office. Lead! Stand up for what you know is right. Trump is trashing the GOP & our democracy.
the question should be - was he dismissed because he was being loyal to the country, but not 45?
We need to see hearings, process, and evidence to trust conclusions.   No one will believe a spec pros doing an investigation no one can see
don't excuse this... do not allow tgis crazy man to rack out democracy... this is a Chavez, a Hitler and you guys are allowing it
You know it must have. If people fear for their jobs they will not do the right thing. It's up to those of you who cannot be fired by 45.
Better not
Indeed Trump is trying to impede the investigation. Stand up to him. DEMAND a special prosecutor and get to the @realTrumpTruth.
This life long Republican begs you to call for an Independent Special Prosecutor.  Vindicates innocence or shines light on danger. #USAFirst
Be one of the profiles in courage, Senator Rubio.
Is it impossible for you to be critical of 45? Or do you nod in agreement at everything he says and does?
Comey lost the respect of the American ppl, not just Trump supporters.  He needed to be fired.
Speak for yourself
The GOP was unhappy about handling email scandal, the Dems were unhappy & lost faith in Oct bc of email scandal.
As a Democrat I support his investigation to both sides. Timing was not great, but better to have all cards on the table before election
,we urgently need a special prosecutor or our country is lost
Sen Rubio stand and speak up against this POTUS regarding firing FBI director Good people can not work for Govt Bring civility to WH
2 words: Independent Investigation
Ofcourse not, Comey didn't do the actual investigating. Now let's get to the actual " leakers" and "unmasking crimes !
Putting #YESMEN on the job will not impede but will not bring out real findings.
Do u remember the ppl gave u their votes 2 work for them & the constitution, to represent them not the Shitler? FL is dammed!
Obviously sad in the way Comey was removed from being FBI Director...Now, Tapes?!  Tsk, Tsk, Boy, this showboat of POTUS sure loves Drama.
IF  THAT WAS THE CAES WAIT UNTIL THE OUTCOME.. ASK FOR A SPECIAL PROSCUTOR OR GET DUMP AS A REBULICAN AND HIRE A DEMOCRAT
We don't trust you or Trump, and we certainly don't believe McCabe, the agent that discussed the investigation with Priebus! Trump stooge!
the american intelligent people want to know when your going to impeach Trump
Thank you for asking this vital question to the right person to answer it.
Decapitating the head of the FBI because he won't quash the Trump-Russia Investigation for POTUS is bound to have an effect on morale.
Why don't we just get down to the truth with special select committee or prosecutor? Truth without suspicion.
Sen Rubio we your Florida constituents expect you to pursue all avenues into Trump, Campaign, $$, and all Trump businesses
, seriously!!! Don't insult your constituents intelligence.
We may never know the full extent of the impact, BUT it sure sent shockwaves into all DOJ employees with the humiliating way he was fired
@Gaybotarian  Obviously not....but Democrats are shitting in their pants anyway...unsurprisingly.
Of course not
It's only been a few hours.....
Hell NO!!!!!  #Libtards are the only ones causing  #chaos  #havoc and #destruction  they have NO  desire to #MAGA.
And WHAT did YOU do when Comey was AG & FBI Dir.? YOU DID NOTHING! You didn't even question it! Not in either of the 2 email investigations!

Get the HILLARY operative out of there! FBI was upheld from doing what is right, by COMEY! He put himself in the dual role of AG & FBI Dir.
Let's see how the liberals spin this.
My bet: ignore it. It never happened. Just listened to a story regarding the hearing on NPR and it wasn't mentioned
You are probably right.
Excellent work Marco...........
WH saying new director will have it concluded faster....don't let this happen without truth coming out.
Then please explain why @HillaryClinton has yet to be arrested on Conspiracy with Intent charges ?
Perfect q. Great example of Occam's razor!
No
The investigation is a farce, its sole purpose is to placate #ExtremistDemocrats that are throwing a #TemperTantrum .
Stupid Q. Comey was just fired
No. Russia tried to influence r http://election.Period.Now  let's move on to issues that need attending to move America forward. 1/
No wonder President Trump got elected. POLITICS.
Yes, as Comey was asking for more funding. That request is on backburner.
ask that question 2 months from now....
We will never know if the outcome would have changed.
Yes, Rubio....RUSSIA PROBE...RUSSIA PROBE...RUSSIA PROBE... - A Floridian
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Is @realDonaldTrump tampering with the investigation? Meeting with Comey and asking if he is subject of an investigation when is staff is?
nicely done, rubio is outside the main game with trump as prez so here a clever tweet, with comey name & 'right thing' in same box.clever!
Good question and good moment. @fbi
Good question. But you should be concerned by Trump's attempts to squash any investigation into his admin's Russian ties
Have you in anyway helped or heard the South Florida Residents?
