Dying #Venezuelans don't need statements of the obvious they need action from International Community that watches but is doing nothing.
Venezuela is fucked bc of chavez's price controls on essential services and government regulation after the collapse of oil markets in 2010
How is it possible that people like juan Barreto, gets an US visa??
Adivinen que camarada estaba hoy a las 12:55 en el Supermercado Trader Joe's de Pinecrest, Miami... 
Hey Marco, how about caring what's going on in your own district?  We are coming for you.
Please take your nose out of Trump's behind.  Be your own man.  Don't hitch your star to that mess.
Well thats a good mexican
Why don't USA stop buying petroleum from Vzla? That will help a lot, that money never get to the people, they took it, is their salary.
How come so many chavistas, declare enemies of USA, are allowed to travel into USA and have properties, money and a life here? How come?
But they were happy to donate $666k to Trumps inaugural slush fund which they lied on the SEC filing about. Keep up with current events!
Sanciones para  maduro
It a prime time 2 correct 8 yrs of Obama's full scale disaster in a global sense Senator .
It is the time 2 unshacle the eagle otherwise it will disapeare 4ever .
What the hell are you going on about?
I don't like winter anyhow 
WHY dont U comment on Americans with preconditions not covered in REP healthcare
- Let's do something to help Venezuela have a vibrate democracy!! 
@Pontifex Rubio, can you please inform the Pope that Venezuela doesn't want his comunist comments.
We, the people, shall take care of maduro. Thanks anyway 
.
Delfín Oligarca Corrupto impondrá con Fraude a su Clone

Con Ayuda de Ejército Privado FARC = ELN = Criminalidad
.
.
Colombia 2017 = Germany 1932
JM Santos imposes his Clone or Himself in Fraud Elections with the Help of Private Army = FARC =…
FdP Santander Influído por Jefferson Madison Adams vivió en USA
Fué mejor Estadista y Gobernante 1832-37 que Bolívar
Bolivar Masturbations NO accident : Scoundrels Tyrants take so many Photos with Bolivar

Santander was a better Democratic Man but forgotten 
Sueño "Bolivariano" = Insultos Amenazas, Boconería de Marica Cobarde, Terror con Títeres FARC = ELN, MovimientTropas
.
Bolivar's "Dream" was Chavezized with Insults, Threats, Bluster of a Coward Boastful Marica, Terror with Puppets FARC = ELN, moving Troops 
Can't you pay attention to your own country and, here's a thought, your own state.
And we thank that but you still buy oil from our government so USA is funding the dictatorship. Sad but true
I's b Stunned If trump could identify a disaster & your support of him is pathetic.  #Sexistunscrupulouspuppet #lastofthebigtimebabbitts
The US government of trump is a disaster.  If you think otherwise, you are DELUSIONAL.
Wow- brave stand. You'll be coming out against cancer, too. "Cancer is a disaster."
You are a disaster for Florida. Pay attention to your own backyard
You must be aware this regimen is a threat to EEUU if you don´t pay attetion it could be the next North Korea situation but in Latin America

RT RT RT ..CALL/ASAP ASK THE FOLLOWING SENATORS THESE 2 THINGS
An #IndependentInvestigation  #BurrMustRecuse-he was on team Trump 
You are Trump's puppet....Sad!
Senador Marco en nombre de todos los que combatimos la Dictadura aqui en Venezuela infinitas Gracias, y sigamos adelante freedom
You work for the US citizens, jackass. Constantly tweeting irrelevant garbage to distract people like your orange boss is not becoming.
#LiberenAlGralVivas #LiberenAlGralVivas #LiberenAlGralVivas #LiberenAlGralVivas #LiberenAlGralVivas #LiberenAlGralVivas #LiberenAlGralVivas
@AsambleaVE Constitutionally can and must call a referendum to the Venezuelan people to approve general elections.
. Mr. @marcorubio Please after Mr. Trump deals with Kim Jong-Un can he come for Nicolas?
Interesting speech about Chechnya. And yet nothing about AMERICAN republican anti-LGBT legislation.
As a diabetic, all I can say 2 the GOP & 45  "Let me hand U a hammer& some nails, U can seal my coffin. U really want 2 kill me don't U?"
What geniuses!

Most under-reported story: Number of Koch pawns–Nunes, Burr, Cotton, Rubio, Blunt, MConnell interfering/stalling Trump-Russia investigation 
So why did @realDonaldTrump accept $ from @NicolasMaduro backed oil firms to pay for inauguration? Your collective hypocrisy is showing.
Just I want to let you know that we know you are at @WhiteHouse dealing with the North Korea situation. Thanks to get time for Venezuela
@AsambleaVE Constitucionalmente puede y debe convocar referéndum al pueblo venezolano para aprobar eleciones generales.
Marco, its a disaster because he likes big gov't and diss's individual rights
#buildthewall
Senator POTUS has been too silent about this issue. We need a stronger position.
This is not news to anyone! Duh!
When is your town hall meeting?? #youworkforus #are you scared? #doyourjob
It would be nice if you focused on the disaster that your enabling in this country.
Cállate Marcocito.
Do you ever do anything for this country? Or just tweet about other countries leaders?  Fucking do something little Marco!
Now let's work to @freejoshholt and get this American home!
Thank you @potus! @realDonaldTrump
Saquenlo de aquí ayuda
If stronger measures are not immediately taken,this criminal @vladimirpadrino will consolidate dictatorship in Vzla:
Un ministro q no es capaz d ejercer el monopolio legal d las armas d la República permitiendo se usen contra el pueblo, se va d gira a Moscú 
And we doing what, then?
Bout time he gets something right
It's not enough! At this time Venezuela's Sec. of Defense @vladimirpadrino is in Russia consolidating a bloody dictatorship in Venezuela.
Y Su amigo.Colombiano @JuanManSantos apoya dictadura Venezolana
WAKE UP AMERICA
It's a disaster, but we need help from all the democratic countries. Maduro armed civilians that everyday are out on the streets to kill us.
Nice pivot lil' Marco lol
Don't pretend like he made an educated response, to Trump, everything that isn't about him is a disaster.
Venezuela need help!!! The goverment of Maduro is a disaster, the people suffer everyday !!! Marco we need more help by Trump and Congress
Balllicker
#Venezuela is a DISASTER IN GENERAL, not just  because the gov. wants to leave the @OAS_official  #SOSVenezuela
@realDonaldTrump And yes BUT THEN he goes back and works on America First issues! And YOU? Accomplish Nothing,Obstruct Progress,Divert ATTN
Ur integrity Marc!!
Marco please help! IBS has detained one ofthe Venezuelan toured students at his INS appointment to claim asylum.Please help gim
He also called you little Marco
Not only a disaster, Maduro is killing people everyday in the streets with his paramilitary army
VENEZUELA. THE RED CORNER COMUNIST OF LATAM.
Could you please focus on the USA for a change, we cannot police the world when our own government is in shambles.
Disaster is not a synonym of CRIMINAL BRUTAL. USA  forgot what standing up for FREEDOM means! Same mistakes as in Siria!
USA will be a disaster too if something does not change. Marco!  There is a lunatic in the White House. You know it. Ryan knows it. Fix it!
trump took their money. $500k of it to be specific
We can safely say the same about the Trump administration.  Domestic failure after failure, potential treason and obstruction of justice.
I read somewhere that they are not allowed to leave until they pay past dues, something like what president Trump doesn't like about NATO.
Trump is correct on just about everything.
Hey dude when are you going to man up and stand for country before party? Stop kissing DT ass or do you enjoy it that much?
