Certainly is a bad day to be an American.  Thanks for voting to take away my Healthcare dickbag
Im glad he did. Because Of You Heath care Í That work full time, that pay a very high Premium can't affort To use it anymore. Reparo it now
So kind of you to be happy I could die so you can save some money
I could die because I can't afford deductibles anymore. So I die for you to get free healthcare? Why can they do something better?
You have a pre-existing condition? Do you have the ability to get insurance? Something 23 million people won't have
That is unfortunate but its not our fault... the prices should not be so high so we could all afford paying our own insurance
I understand that but they need to repeal and find a solution, really I can't afford to get sick now even though I pay a lot of money
#SinglePayerNow and regs to limit insurance prices until then
I think Rubio is doing a great job representing the people of Fl despite his concern about #Venezuela. Drug trafficking matters to everyone!
You're not concerned about people starving in VZ? No meds in VZ? Murders by Maduro thugs? Thank goodness @marcorubio cares
What would you do in a Senate 1st controlled by Democrats, then by McConnell? Senate doesn't exist to do stuff for individual states.
My goodness! What and ignorant comment. Senators exist to fight for their constituents' interests. Rubio is putting party above floridians
Senators & Reps exist to legislate to protect the Republic vs enemies foreign & domestic. VZ today poses foreign threat.

Why are you consistently worried about another country? Why are you not concerned about the people you were elected to represent?
This can affect the U.S. cuz if Maduro won't leave you can expect more migration to Florida.. and believe me nobody wants that!..
Migration is what made florida a great state. Be grateful
am speaking for myself I really don't want to leave my country... but if this gets any worst we are going to become a problem for the world
Mamma cazzo cubano mayamero!!?

And what about YOUR president destroying democracy in your OWN country? Do you give one F about that?
At this hour, at this moment Sunday 30, DICTATORSHIP of Nicolas Maduro lashes firing at VENEZOLANOS in protest San Jacinto Maracaibo Zulia
Omg. You are checked out of USA problems.  You are on the wrong side! So you're job!
Thank you Marco
Oil from Syria,Oil from Iraq,now Oil from Venezuela? Not gonna happen till 2020 when The GOP Antichrist & Congress gets rid of Trump- Pence
What about undocumented immigrants in America? What are you doing to secure their exhiles here..?
Thank you for to help Venezuelan cause, but I hope that this don't stop here. Also I want that you support our Pres. @realDonaldTrump too. 
Thx for your honest concern for the people of Vzla. They are in dire need of help to stop the dictatorship Maduro has installed..
?\$).$$!!!b&:,&!hJxjcjzvzhb
You should care about your constituents and stop playing party politics.  Shame on you for doting to abolish ACA.
.
Democracies always fail in Mob Rule...encourage them to construct a  Constitutional Republic, one with just laws and respects the individual
Thank you @marcorubio more actions please. They deserve prison @NicolasMaduro @tareckjuventud @dcabellor
Sen Rubio, are you running for Pres of Venezuela? How about fighting for us for a change? #AmericaFirst
Either Prez of Venezuela or Pope, judging by his bible tweets
Scripture is good but geez all the tweets re Venezuela. Rubio needs to  lead HC fight, O admin corruption, taxes, etc for US. #AmericaFirst
meanwhile, in the US you and GOP are destroying democracy w voter suppression and gerrymandering. So your words are worthless.
And what are you doing for democracy?
Sad pocketlined politician
Stop deflecting to Venezuela and do your job here. Stop POTUS from undermining our democracy. Our country is in crisis!
With respect, Senator, it won't. 
They've food & armed guards for protection. Bad day for the other 30M if US threats escalate gov. violence
I don't see the name of Diosdado in the list? Is very strange!!
Thank you 
Hands off Venezuela. Venezuela is a country free.
Thank you for the English translation.
Comete esa mantequilla @MaduroOfficial
Be more concerned with what your POTUS is doing to destroy ours.
Congresista, con todo respeto: NO OLVIDEN AL PEOR TRAIDOR DE TODOS... Herman Escarra!!
Still missing German Escarra from this list.... why??
I wonder what's in store for the enablers of DT destroying the democracy????
Maybe it's time to look in the mirror!!
thank u. Im glad America is not ignoring this. Human rights should matter to everyone.
Gracias por voltear a vernos y tomar acciones para ayudarnos.
thank you so much Marco, the Venezuelans clap USA actions against this criminal government, but that won't put them out, we want to oust it!
https://www.facebook.com/vpitv/videos/493451600997244/ …
Thanks Budy!!
Estimado Senador @marcorubio, por favor ordene usted investigar las cuentas y empresas asociadas a Herman Escarra, Asesor directo de Maduro

Thanks to the President @realDonaldTrump and the Senator @marcorubio for not leaving only the people of venezuela.
You should focus on your constituents who you are trying to take away health insurance and Medicare from. Venezuela can handle themselves.
You should worry less about Venezuela's democracy and a little more about ours.
thanks a lot man! You are a Venezuela's friend, God bless you.
Worry a little more about democratic institutions right here in the US.

MASIVO #RT #Venezuela #15F Después q Falleció, 96 Decretos"Firmados por Chavez"Todos elaborados por #HernanEscarrá 
MIL GRACIAS LA JUSTICIA Q NO APLICARON AQUI, DIOS LA MAMDO APLICAR DESDE EEUU CON ANGELES COMO USTEDES BENDITO DIOS. AGRADEZCO DESDE VZLA
@Isabella89VIP @NicolasMaduro mamanos el guevo rubio somo libre y así seguiremo metanc sus sanciones por el culo la con SI VA
LLamas ser libre a esclavizar a un pueblo a que sea obediente a cambio de una bolsa de comida? mamale el guebo a @NicolasMaduro
estas esclavisado pendejo , no bebés no comes no tiras , no dices lo q te la  gana tremenda dictadura
Why don't you comment on our own immoral lying President.
thank you venezuelan friend .via marco rubio...
Grow a spine please.
Thank you, but why weren't the main red bad boys, Maduro and Cabello, touched?. They are intellectual authors of more than 100 murders
It's not the governments job to provide healthcare
What about the efforts to destroy democracy in our own country, led by the child occupying the Oval Office?
Marco, please look up Hernan Escarra. He is the seal.
Seguros que Ud.continuará en su lucha,que es la nuestra,por la restitución de nuestra democracia y el castigo a los culpables!Gracias!!
Tell me.What are you doing to prevent destruction of democracy in US?Besides licking its boots,cheering it on & voting how it tells you to?
Gracias!
Que Mr. @realDonaldTrump haga algo ya !!
What happen with Diosdado Cabello? He is the mind behind everything.
Thank you @marcorubio from the bottom of our hearts#SosVenezuela
It's a bad day for enablers of Trump destroying democracy in America, such as YOu
It will be even worse for senators who voted to repeal the ACA.  Get that resume ready!
@cocando @NicolasMaduro muy agradecida Marco, eres digno ejemplo a seguir para futuros políticos..
You should pay more attention to what is happening in your own country.
Today is a bad day that you continue to destroy democracy in America with Trump
Te falto sancionar al padre y asesor principal de la ANC el chavista German Escarra, q tiene muchas inversiones y su familia instalada alla
Thanks so much
Gracias Senador... estamos muy agradecidos por la ayuda que nos están dando...
Excelente senador. .aplausos para este poquito de justicia que se hizo
Ignore the man behind the curtain destroying democracy at home!
well done sir , we need more from yours #sosvenezuela
Los venezolanos pedimos la intervención de EEUU para la salida de @nicolasmaduro estamos siendo masacrados por narcorruptos #sosvenezuela
@marcorubio. Falto en la lista familia de Chavez.
yankees de mierda"
Hey... Concentrate. Worry about this train wreck of a country your representing.
The LGBT?
Gracias Senador gracias el pueblo de Venezuela agradecido por su gestión !
thanks
Gracias @marcorubio Dios te bendiga

Gracias dales duro a esa gentuza!!! Son 
Pass our Presidents agenda or enjoy retirement.
Be carefull. Shannon is your Zapatero.
wish you had this much concern for millions of Americans about to lose their health insurance.What happened to "Making America Great Again"
What about the enablers of Russia who tried to ruin our democracy? Like you? #trumprussia
What about what is happening to democracy in the USA? Stand up for our people Marco!
I would like the same for Maduro and Diosdado, when will be the day...
How about you worry about here in the U.S.
Focus on America and not all the squirrels.
Mind your own backyard of enablers undermining democracy...
How do you feel about @realDonaldTrump efforts to destroy the democracy of the United States? Does it even bother you at all?
Are you an 'enabler' in destroying American democracy?
Faltan unos principales. Ya Nicolás los condecoró esta tarde a los 13
Today was a bad day for U.S. democracy and you enable it.
Senator pls propose sanctions against @HermannEscarraM, he is another corrupt.who has stolen from Venezuela to keep the narcoterror in power
Thank you Sen.Marco Rubio for advocating for the people of Venezuela and aiding in their freedom from a horrible dictatorship.
Please Mr Rubio, sanction Cabello and his family.
We agree, and absolutely necessary, with the oppressors of the Venozolano people
Thank you !
from a Sen who would've torn down the capital w/ bare hands if Obama had done any of things Trump has. Who's to blame 4 not stopping him?
NO AL COMUNISMO DISFRAZADO DE SOCIALISMO DEL SIGLO XXI.
He doesnt need to worry about 13 enablers from another country when the US is shattering under trump one golf game at a time. pay attention!
Hey Little Marco, focus on @realDonaldTrump destroying democracy here in the USA
Sanction the direct family. To all testaferro
Like you're enabling it here?
How about trump destroying our democracy? And comments on that @marcorubio ???
Marco: You are a US representative and you have no business at all in Venezuelan affairs. What you are doing is called INTERVENTIONISM!
How about the enablers of Trump's effort to destroy democracy. Looking at you @marcorubio 
Drug dealer!!!
Well aren't you a fine one to talk? The United State's Republic is turning into a fascist dictatorship right before our eyes, Marco.
Pobre tarado que cree que tiene poder! En la respuesta a este twitt está quienes de verdad tienen poder! Pura voluntad de vivir EJERZANLO!!!
Please hurry up!
Thank you, Senator!
Gracias por ayudar a este pais que esta realmente agonizando
Y @RRamirezVE para cuando?????
You are allowing democracy to be destroyed here so you have something in common.
#USA strongly supported them. You're like a plague that goes around destroying countries, just for their political and economic interests!!!
Who exactly do you think you represent?
Biggest laundry money business is coming from Venezuela! This is an international matters for everyone
supported by more than 75% of the people. In contrast, when the Venezuelan opposition eliminated all public powers in 2002,
I don't know what kind of democracy is that of the United States that puts its nose in the truly democratic system of Venezuela,
This is very supportive measure. Still sure that none or them have properties or bank accounts under their names. Track the figureheads!
"As soon as I vote to kick 15 million Americans off health coverage, I'm coming for you, Venezuela!"
We'll worry about that once they stop giving donations to the Trump campaign and put it towards their own people, little guy.
Gay
Wonderful.Everything against those criminals who are killing our people and trying to impose their castro's communism.Maduro must go to jail
Así es denle más y más ,,no olviden el mono ,Diosdado
@jhonflores2000 @NicolasMaduro Hernan escarra conspira con este gobierno tirano y vive  en su país sr marco
.@marcorubio @NicolasMaduro Gran cosa, narco-Gusano asqueroso. Cobarde!
We thank you Mr. @marcorubio from Venezuela for your support to our country. Thanks to you,@realDonaldTrump @SenatorMenendez @RosLethinen!

You made a bad vote you should be ashamed.
Thk U fr helping us. Please do not leave us. Venezuelans are decent people. Not represented by our gvt.
, fully support this, but...some stuff going down in Florida, if you haven't heard. Can you focus on that a bit more?
2.- to runs to Miami and lives the life of rich and famous in his apartment with tne Venezuelan goverment! Do something about it, please! 
Why don't you worry more about the democracy in America that YOU and your coward GOP friends are doing @marcorubio
Yet, you enable @realDonaldTrump to work towards the same goal here. Keep in mind, I VOTED FOR YOU. Primaries & GE. Regret it, sellout.
Why do you care more for Venezuelan democracy than for American democracy? #Russianmeddling.
Monday we'll send you the list of our 500+ constituyents,don't worry about the indian representatives, they already sell its assets there.
1. - Dear Marco, I hope you and @ICEgov @ICEespanol analize the Herman Escarra visa, this guy promoted the constituent and is the first
Y que paso con el demonio de diosdado cabello??? ese es el peor
Este hijo de perra dejó sin cobertura de salud a dos millones de gringos y se atreve a hablar de democracia? Animal, escoria,sabandija...
Agradecida por su solidaridad con nuestro país. Me pregunto, ¿por qué DCabello no está en la lista, siendo el mas peligroso?
When you point your finger, there are 3 fingers pointing back at you. #whataboutourdemocracydestroyer #youenabletrump
Could you mix in at least one tweet a day on Senate business. Thanks I'll hang up and listen.
God bless you
Gracias!!!!!
So obviously u are much more concerned about the people of Venezuela than the people of Florida. Maybe u should rethink your citizenship.
@realDonaldTrump had 43 enablers last night to take healthcare away from tens of millions.  You were one of them.  You are NOT A CHRISTIAN
Disculpe senador pero 13 sancionados no son nada para la crisis en Vzla, la gentebsigue muriendo y eso no resuleve la situacion
.@marcorubio Maybe you should set an example and stop enabling the effort to destroy democracy in the United States? Coward.
Fuck em up Rubio.
We don't have democracy, is already destroyed...
@marcorubio tienen qur sancionar a las familia de los sancionados
What about POTUS WHO IS DESTROYING the office of the president  of the US and yet you still support and follow him like a puppy.
#cnn
#ParoCivicoActivo @marcorubio @RosLehtinen @SenatorMenendez VENEZOLANOS QUEREMOS  VER SU SOLICITUD DE EXTRADICION DEL COMPLICE JESEE CHACON
You need to worry about the USA. Vote no or you will be voted out of office in 2018.
Y maduro y Diablodado digo Diosdado no lo van a sancionar?  Deberían estar de principio a fin en esa lista
Wake up!
It's a bad day for the 98%
You're trading our healthcare--our lives
For tax cuts to the rich
Not Christian or Pro life
Porque diosdado no está si es el capo de esta narco dictadura?
Thanks a lot Senator. .. they will be worrier if they are taken to jail...
Ojala eso sirva para que esas personas entiendan que ya vasta de tanta maldad haciael pueblo vnzlno
... but a beautiful day for American subverters.
Why don't you show some love for your constituents and the hardships they will face if this meanspirited dud of a healthcare bill passes.
Y además ud está a favor de poner de rodillas a lo pueblos de América! Le informo q Eso no pasara!
Creo que usted debería estar más pendiente de sus asuntos Q meter sus narices en la dignidad de los venezolanos!
