just that time of year again... it will all stop when they need to harvest rice.
That is not American perception. Perception is reality.
Oh Stop pontificating and focus on our national security under the train wreck-in-chief
This is where a #StupidRichPerson like @POTUS could get millions killed with his idiocy and hate.  Millions would die in Seoul.
What source are you taking this from?
you are a fool if you believe this!
yeah okay. So how about the four he shot off today and the fact he wants us to know he's manufacturing nerve gas?
do you really believe that?
I hope & pray the Senate & House will do what's right for the PEOPLE regardless if it makes POTUS looks bad! We remember!
trump poked the bear. This isn't a business deal where the only thing to lose is money. This is our democracy The bear will bite
Sure, just so everyone in North Korea knows he's capable of bombing North Korea. What's the Donald's take? #askmaralago
Maybe the @POTUS should have gotten back to Washington instead of golfing the weekend away while tweeting about nonsense!
reallyand how many days of vacation did Obama take?  Glass house and all that.
in the first 100 days? Obama took ZERO. #scrotus can't handle actually working
Baby face Kim Jung Un is playing with gasoline next to a fire pit!
Is the lax national security issue at Mir-a-Lago going to be addressed? Guests posting SS, nuclear football and N Korea talk FB?
@washingtonpost oh Senator,  when are you going to have a town hall meeting in Central Florida?
get your head out of the sand and realize 45 is weak, incompetent, and everyone knows it!!
really funny little Marco.  We elect a punchline and this must be a joke.
@SenRubioPress VOTE NO On Overturn Of Rule Restricting Gun Sales To Severely Mentally Ill
.@marcorubio How about talking to constituents about this at a town hall?
great idea!! #CanWeTalkRubio #TownHall
@SenRubioPress What about Russian missile test today?? Please comment. #Russiancruisemissile #resist #russiangate
Not like @POTUS #Trump does not have more #internal #challenges than #KimJungUn. #FlynnGate #MuslimBan #WallGate #NorthKorea
are you for real? Wake up! Do your job! Talk to your constituents. Stand up for to the insanity in the WH.
less talk #doyourjob
Trump needs to quit poking at these people
http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/marco-rubio-took-almost-100-000-from-betsy-devos-family-before-confirming-her-today-9123691 …
how do you know?
Syriasly? Did U learned this frum a Duvvoss teeched klass, liddell Marco Rubio?
you mean Kim Jong-Un? You spelled the name wrong.
you're kidding yourself
Maybe but *45 is a National and Global Security Risk and you know it! #crooksandliars #nointegrity
is this true? I didn't see the news yesterday.
who's he responding to the USA press
how could you possibly make that assumption? POTUS called you little Marco on campaign trail, now you're besties. Man up
Oh god what thoughts from your tainted mouth! No values, principles, or moral ethics! Or ideas or thoughts!
"Put that thing away!  You're gonna get us all killed"
what was it trump called oh yeah little marco.
So you've joined the alternative facts gang, Marco? Is this a guess or do you have any facts?
-Marco tweets getting weird.  Is this a weak attempt at defrendig Trump or Kim?
@senrubiopress Sen Rubio..confirmed JUDGE GORSUCH for SCOTUS...GOP voted for YOU &donated HUGH donations
rubbish it because of you guys & same with Iran !
They're just trying to distract the media from the incredible size of President Trump's adoring crowds as he leaves Florida!
.@marcorubio Oh, bless your heart. You just go on telling yourself that and see if it stops stinking.
Really?!?!? Trump said 'Not gonna happen' and they do it while Trump is promoting his properties in FL to Japan. Hmmm.
you are disappointment to USA people
Wish I knew all of Trumps business ties to foreign nations TAX RETURNS & DIVEST #RepublicansAmericaIsWatching
haven't been to Intel briefings lately? Sooo, then why are defending the DMZ?
Jung Un is still more likely to stand up to the bully than you
We are becoming familiar with the problems a nation has with an inept arrogant leader.  NK has a history, we are at a new.
Be specific. What internal challenges? How will sending an ICBM 500 miles out to sea respond to them? This is idiotic.
maybe you can show Kim Jung Un how to bend over and take it like you do with trump
So we don´t have to worry about him?
Wow. You must think we're all pretty stupid.
#NorthKorea like the tactics the current administration is using due to internal issues, except we actually have the capability!
@jaketapper @ABC @washingtonpost @MSNBC @HuffingtonPost Fl folk are wondering why Mr. Rubio has not announced a town hall.
Regardless, how do you propose to respond?
ur as delusional as the #POTUS if you think this is the case!
needs to respond to internal challenges due to lack of courage. How about a town hall meeting?
This POTUS is nuts and anxious to start a war.  That makes me more nervous!
Please @marcorubio let the grownups talk in peace.
we hope you are for the American people Marco as much as you believe in God We love Trump
Nope.
Or North Korea knowing @POTUS is too busy Tweeting to support Ivanka's fashion line, etc.
Does it matter? We have a problem and we have a president who is unable to cope with Nordstrom... pathetic!
hm. ru really trying to apply logic 2 another deluded narcissist? kim jOng un has proven he isn't logical. or fact based.
makes no difference why they did it and are linked to Iran
Correcto, lots of tough talk from POTUS. He'll do what others POTUSs have done ... impose more SANCTIONS.  Oh, that's Scary? 
@CNN I'm glad you are ratcheting the fear and paranoia down a bit. Last time a president was this unpopular, he started a war.
the us is the only developed country without #paidleave for new moms.
There's nothing to test in Trump. The world knows what he is. Your party does not or looks the other way. Definition of Traitors
bullshit
I don't agree with you on much, but this is spot on.
I'm from NJ the guys that represent NJ aren't punks and I'm proud of them, why are the REPUBLICANS so scared of RACIST TRUMP
You can say anything that you want to try to placate this but not one U.S. citizen is safe with Trump in the White House
Maferefun Eshu!
Ashe Eleggua is my Crown
Ditto!
Does that make us safer? I hope that's what you mean.
what rock are you living under ? #sellout
And ur pipeline to the DPRK despot is whom?
Don't be too sure. You asshats who voted for Trump must know he's itching for war & several countries will probably oblige him.
Right on!!!
seriously?  You continue to defend the man who belittled you.  Have you any integrity?
Are u really that dense? He is absolutely testing our Prez. Just a coincidence that this happens when the PM of Japan is here?!
If it's an internal North Korea challenge, his propaganda machine could say missile test happened w/o lifting a finger?
And you know this how?
@missreagan1 is it possible North Korea and Iran are working together
Don't be ridiculous. You insult us, Marco. Be a sycophant to the mad king. We have long memories. Your name will be reviled.
are you kidding me???? Seriously.....
You're the expert.  Random senator from FL is the authority on NK after all.
Thank you Senator, I feel SO much safer now.
Fn hilarious Marco. When you starting that standup career?
is that what Rodman his interpreter said ?
Read comments your support base has shrunk to almost nothing. Voters will remember.
bide your time Marco your definitely potus material....
not one word off support for SoKorea I guess putten is running the White House now trump can't afford to piss off putten SO SAD
How long are u guys going to support Donald Trump! He is a DANGER! A LIAR! DELUSIONAL! Gallup 55% Dis 40% Appr Destroying USA!
funny this happened when the leader of Japan is meeting with our President
Consider this the first of many challenges to the new president. Let's see what he's made of ... besides cheap talk and tweets.
Marco, like Nero, will be fiddling as Rome burns.
is that what trump told you to say we know you sold your soul to the trumpster
faith in the wrong leaders. That's a thing you do now. And it's not reassuring
The reason it was sent is not the point the point is THAT it was sent. With Un he doesn't need a logical reason
@NickAPappas 
Are you sure it's not due to The Bigger Dick Foreign Policy Theory?
@ReaganBattalion Questionable, but ticking off China instead of being tactically smart puts US a huge disadvantage with leverage
@ReaganBattalion  So, what else of key interest did he told you?
u know that how, exactly?
...and how, pray tell, do you know that? Well, I hope and pray you're right.
 Sure it is.
@ReaganBattalion doesn't matter - it's still a test for Trump!
Not sure even this terribly oppressive state will continue to tolerate a leader of such brutality.
 if you think testing that missile had nothing to do with testing POTUS, you are absolutely dumber than I previously thought.
internal challenges or fantastic IO opportunity exploited?
.@marcorubio @realDonaldTrump was overheard saying "wait! There's a test?! No one told me I'd have to take a test!" #HugeFail
how do you figure that Senator Rubio?
just wildly guessing or do you have a source?
so glad you are fully using your psychic skills. Now use them to find me a good sandwich...LOSER!
and how do you KNOW this? Also POTUS is dangerous. So how about we focus on getting him out. You can have Pence, I promise!
no one is listening to you, Mr. Say-one-thing-vote-another-way. Great model for your children. But Exxon pays well, right?
you must have studied a lit to post such a verbose nonsense.
What color is the air on the planet you are from?? Perhaps if you were smarter, we would not be in this mess to begin with!
no one needs to test Trump they all know how much of a fool he is
lol no I think we just no you're a fool guy a complete fool
Do you have a factual basis for that explanation?
I disagree. With Abe here it was a direct challenge to POTUS.
He is mentally challenged he acts up anytime within 7 Days of a full moon,go talk to ER workers
do you not know how a dictatorship works? Kim Jung Un doesn't have any internal challenges bec he can imprison/kill challengers.
.@marcorubio How much $$ do I have to give you to make you stand up to Trump? How much r others paying 2 buy U?
Did Trump tell you to tweet or DeVos?
fk it bomb them!
ESA acción y la de Iran fueron dirigidas por Putin como jugadad de ajedres no solo para probarlo a el pero También para un futur
debilitar más a un ejercito ya debil y resquebrajar más nuestra ecónomia mientras el juegan a el fuerte, ganando más aliados.
Lie. But its inconsequential. Only bit of interest is that you feel a need to insulate Trump from any shadow of being tested. 
Two little dictators in a pod
oh he's testing 45's trigger finger....we should all be afraid. You and the rest of your comrades need to do your job!
Sounds like bullshit with out a source.
Your keep telling yourself that.
GOOD NEWS!! That won't deter your glorious leader from marching our best and brightest off to his war
we can hope I guess.
You mean you're actually going to your day job & maybe know what you're talking about?
everything has to be about Trump
zip 34217 Please publicize when and where your town hall meeting will be during the recess. #constituent
and you know this how? Do your job
Marco Rubio do you denounce a relationship with Soros????????????????????????Did you get money? We know you did. Careful! Trick?
How the hell do you know, Marco?
your words mean nothing to us...show facts, show a backbone.
the timing - coinciding with Japan PM visit to US - seems important
Yea, keep telling yourself that. In the meantime we have US soldiers some w families. DJT is ignorant and NK knows it
Dangerous man.
When are you holding your Town Hall? Would love to hear your perspective on these issues. #TownHall
The world knows the new POTUS is a joke. Be quiet.
do not think so
be ready !!! But get your shit straight before trump gets impeach , he is leaving with all his gang , including the traitors !!!
they've been doing this for years.
