Wow Senator Rubio relying on opposition sources that wants a duly elected President driven out of office another wasted $$$!!!!
you are dealing with the most hated despicable senator in the Philippines today...
If he's so "hated", how did he get reelected?  Maybe same way Sen Rubio is "hated" (he was also just reelected) or Pres Trump is "hated".
Don't mind them sir. They're president is very corrupt. Tell duts to #SignTheWaiver so poeple how much billions he has in his bank accounts.
Yaaaaz. Speaking of waivers  http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/204779/aquino-maintains-he-won …’t-sign-waiver-on-bank-accounts
Nabasa mo ba ang buong article? Sinumite na nya ang waiver nya sa ombudsman ang poon mo kahit sa waiver niya sa SALN niya bakit iyaw? Hmmmm
Ha? We'll see... relax lang kayo mga trillanestards
yes we are waiting for the poon to #SignTheWaiver para magkaalaman na kung sino ang may bilyones sa kanila ni Sereno. Mapapahiya ka lang!!!
This could be one of your tweets that triggered a lot of replies. Take it as a cue. Stop and think why, @SenRubioPress.
Seriously? Do you even know who you are talking to? Don’t you have staff to do research? Goodness. Good luck to your “discussions” 
Why don't you try staying away from our affairs?
the most hated Senator in the Philippines 
Senator Rubio you are talking to a traitor
Dear sir pls keep him dont send him back to philippines we are ok, we would be forever grateful if you do.
Don't believe his lies he is pathetic and desperate for power.
Sen Rubio, Please take everything Trillanes said with much more than a grain of salt.  Thanks for your time to read this.
Senator Rubio, keep Trillanes in you country. Trillanes is the most despised person in the Philippines today! Keep away from him.
why are you associating yourself with a corrupt and evil person?
Take note Sen Rubio, Trillanes does not represent the Philippines or the Filipino people. Focus on US issues.
Trillanes aka TROLLanes, paid attack dog, traitor and a mutineer. He is the biggest joke of the Philippine Senate.
We have many reasons y we support/love President Duterte. Dis is NOT d man we will let u oust w/ d help of a lying @TrillanesSonny. NO WAY!

why are you talking to a pathological liar and a traitor hellbent on bringing the Duterte government down? Talk to DFA Sec @alanpcayetano
Santor Rubio will not talk to any self-absorbing Nitwit!
The loser is talking with the loser 
He's idiot Senator in the Philippines and corrupt politician !
clean your own backyard before meddling in our country! you are pathetic! talking to the traitor and most hated senator in the philippines!
B4 believing this s2pid Sen of PH @TrillanesSonny u gotta watch he's intrview in BBC destabilizing our own country.
He is a traitor Senator Rubio beware of that guy..
A letter to Senator Trillanes from an OFW: We wish to build a nation here and now, for the future generations http://ift.tt/2g5D9lz 
yes sinulatan at share letter talaga
This is one of the times i hate dictator duterte. He is NOT an effective dictator! If trillanus did this to Noy, he would have been jailed.
Rubio is a hypocrite meddler. US is breaking up due to instigation of Soros and Rubio is on Soros payroll.
Senator rubio, please mind your own country. We love president duterte! We will defend him until the last drop of our blood.
Ma una ka na ha kasi di ko bibigay buhay ko kay digonggong! Panay peste sa buhay bigay ng presidente mo.

You instantly become the most hated American in Phils. making alliance with the most hated Filipino in the country.
Senator Rubio,  you are collaborating with a destabilizer and group of NarcoPolitician from the Philippines!
I really need a dislike button on twitter now!!!
Offer your customers @clientexec and increase your revenue today! Contact us :) resellers@clientexec.com
poor soul talking to a traitor..
(see: http://tinyurl.com/ybvkwtwk )
I urge all Filipino in Florida to stop supporting @SenRubioPress, let it be known that he is meddling on an independent nation 's affair.
Speaking of corruption, please read attached, senator.
wtf.. lolz! 
Ikr
Hey Sen Rubio, let me do a research for you bec your staff didn’t: 

TRILLANES is the most hated senator in ph. He’s a traitor and a liar!!
only hated by the blind, deaf and mute of truth. if cayetano is not a liar, sen rubio will see him. but he's a liar...
He is a senator who does nothing in the senate!He is a certified LIAR!
1/ senator rubio, the philippines is an Independent, sovereign country like the US. we are no longer america's colony. if the US calls out
2/ china and other countries for intruding, shouldn’t you be policing yourselves for intruding in other countries affairs, too?
"Venezuela’s senior leaders charged Sen. Marco Rubio and the CIA of plotting to topple the government of President Nicolás Maduro"
Please do us a favor Senator. Let @TrillanesSonny stay there and tell him that the Filipino people does not want him back in the Philippines
Baka nakakalimutan nyo, nung nakulong si trillianes, nanalo sya sa pagka senador
We are fine here in the Phils. Is Trillnes in the US coz no one believes in him here 
Pls hve pity on urself, dnt let urself b used by Trillanes, we dnt need him in our country, he does nothing & pls keep ur FEET OFF THE GRASS
Trillanes is the most despicable, most hated, traitor, snake, shithead, dickless, coward senator I've ever known. We Filipinos hate him.
@SenRubioPress Trillanes is out of his mind. Will you believe  him?  All things he will tell you is a lie. Better do your own research.
We don't need your help for now, everything is under control unless you will interefere. Let @TrillanesSonny help you instead.
For sure Trillanes make you believe to ignore the negative reaction of the people, coz they are paid trolls by the administration.
A BIG LIE
disgusting! surely you dont know how we HATE that senator! youre so gullible to believe him!
Stop interferring about the Philippines. It is not your place. Respect pur sovereignty. Stop hanging out with loser Trillanes.
We support you both on this! Don't mind hateful attacks by Du30's paid trolls & bots. Only 38% voted for him. The true majority 62% did not!
Trillanes is a fucking liar!
Please adopt him there in the US so that he will not be back the Philippines anymore. We do not need him. Please ! Please ! Adopt him.
Leave our country alone! Trillanes is a coward who cant accept he was rejected by Du30 rp be his VP what a sha of believiNg all his lies!
One evil senator @TrillanesSonny against millions of Philipinos supporting the Duterte Govt. Who will you listen to @marcorubio
I am a FilAm physician here in Florida. I have high respects for you. Please dont believe the lies that this traitor Trillanes is peddling
You always pride yourself as a people's person. Listen to the Filipino people. Trillanes only looks after himself and his political party.
I Just Hope u will not join this guy Trillanes in his plot to topple the duly elected president. The people will not allow that.
my reply was deleted  here's another one @realDonaldTrump was right on "little narco met Marco" 

Trillanes is like asong ulol (crazy dog)... try to find future boss who he can bite later when the prize is not right!
he is a disdained and most hated senator in our country. why are you talking to him as he represents us? shame, shame, shame
****  what do you expect on a dumbfuck stupid idiot monkey like Trililing ?   A hayeena barking nonstop.
Backoff. Whos Trillanes? The infamous PH senator, who won tru magic in the last election.Trillanes the crazy dog.R u that proud?
@SenRubioPress & ka-chitchat victims of Hearsay Trillanes: photo on board what in PH call as "kwentong-barbero" or "joseph de mesa"

Dear fellow pinoys, why are u so paranoid? Can u read again on what he said they discussed. So, u dont want those problems to be addressed?
i wonder if the "MAD DOG" & "Phillippine most HATED senator" @trillanesSonny is the right person to talk with about US-PH Alliance.  #smh
Please put Trillanes in the Cargo plane and send back to the Philippines
The lobby must have been very influential to set up this meeting or @SenRubioPress has been fooled
Both. 
Could be help from the widow of New York. Plus Rubio is a fool.
Thank you Senator. Some comments here are paid trolls and fanatics but we believe you know him well. @TrillanesSonny is indeed for the truth
Oh, where can we claim such payment? Wil u look at his track records? Nothing as nada!
I admire you Senator but please do not get down to the level of discussing matters with that TRAITOR! He does nothing but destabilization!
I lost admiration for that US Senator! I still regret voting him during primary (was choosing b/w Sanders & Rubio). Pareho pala silang gago.
please don't trust or even believe that snake. he's a disgrace to the Filipino race. If you like him, you can keep him there, we don't mind.
Alliance with a coup plotter and traitor? What are you cooking really?  is not a  colony anymore. Stop meddling with  affairs! 
Mr. Rubio, we'll be forever grateful if you can keep Trillanes in Florida. Just make sure he will not come back to the Philippines. 
We Filipinos Love Sen Trillanes  but the Psychopath President is a traitor to Filipinos.drug lord and sold West Philippine sea to china.
yes the president is psychopath he sold west phil seanto china and he is crazy 
putang ina mo Pnoy aquino
ogok ka mr Russell you dont know me i dont have president kill you self with your terrorist senator
Are you out of your mind?. . .is he really the right prson to talk?. . .its like talking to a trrorist/trator/corrupt/liar/dstablizer person
Can you keep  that traitor trillanes there with you. He's a useless senator of the Philippines.
Two mad dogs are better than one....
Respect the filipino people and the philippines. please dont believe to Trillanes his evil and most hated man in our country. His mutineer!
#ArrestTrillanes
Both will never be a president
Trillanes is not and will never be the People of the Philippines. We did not authorize him to represent us. He is a traitor!

Our government is doing the exact thing so you dont have to concern yourself.. dont be a fool listening to a fool...
Hey,  do not listen this fucking bastard Trillanes,  he is full of lies.
Dear @SenRubioPress, How could you allow yourself to be fooled by @TrillanesSonny? Whose only aim is to put down Duterte by all means.
Call me senator Rubio,I will tell more who is sonny Trillanes is??? He is the most hunger of power in the politics. Idiot Trillanes

We do hope it was not FAKE Info.We love our President Duterte. Trillanes wants our President out.Listen to us filipinos.Dnt listen trillanes
Don't make the mistake of actually believing that madman. He supports narcopolitics by siding wd narcopoliticians. Don't be a laughingstock.
Can u please adopt him and let him live in your country? Consider him as a gift from the Filipino people.
we filipinos,the majority supports president duterte war on drugs and everything, just adopt that man,we dont need him.
And you trust the most hated senator in the philippines...he is a liar and corrupt....
@iMthinkingPinoy was right all along!
Have u had Trillanes' "Traitor of the Philippines" background checked??
Congratulations for talking to a moron!!!!
@SenRubioPress @TrillanesSonny you guys are fucking already trillanes is a gay....
Please keep trillianes with you we don't need him here in the Philippines, we hate him thanks
Discussing corruption with a Filipino Senator facing tons of corruption issues in the Philippines. A joker!!Rubio staffers do your research!
don't 4get Oakwood mutiny. He has d pattern of destabilizing gov't.selling of drugs every streets like a candy,cooking drugs inside jail, that no 1 from d gov't before dared 2 address.murder stats are higher before compare to this current gov't. Do your research.
As if u know better than us. US have a serious problem with gun ban & illegal drugs. Solve that first before u meddle with us
Mind your own business we are a sovereign Country! We support Pres. Duterte. Trillanes is a traitor, a failed mutineer
As an American with Filipino roots I'm disgusted you met with that snake @TrillanesSonny for anything.U will never get my vote in the future
Corruption?! What's your state ranking nowadays?
Don't talk to that dog, he will pull you down.
Keep @TrillanesSonny in US we don't need a crazy here in Philippines
Idiot trliling yan
dont even form an alliance with Trillanes and all filipinos will hate you!!!!!! our president is our hero and Trillanes is the villain!!!!!!
I am a FIL-AM nurse in CHICAGO , senator #Rubio don’t be a fool do your research!!!
@TrillanesSonny @marcorubio @SenRubioPress
The most idiot senator in the philippines
B4 aquino step down there's a lot of women being raped by drug addicts, even 1yr old below, and many family killed by massacre. No to drugs
And who do you think would believe you? PRES.Duterte and his cabinet are doing a great job, nagtweet ka lang kasi nireveal ni TP
hey idiots! go to other planets! we have our human rights! we have our right to chose our own leader! you are protectors of addict!
keep it up! you're  keeping the passion of patriotism alive in  us, who support the president.  #DuterteParinMgaUlol
Stop destabilizing the Philippines! The greedy Philippine Liberals will do everything to be back in power.
Oh by the way sen rubio you can bed trillanes and dont let him come back to Philippines. He can stay in your lap.
After his backdoor discussion we lost scarborough shoal. He did this without the approval of the Phil. Senate. Now he is peddling lies again
I bet your not stupid enough to believe all the lies of legendary traitor @TrillanesSonny.. Your way better than that mad dog..
This Trillanes is not fit to be called a Senator.  He is betraying the People he is supposed to serve!! TRAITOR!!
Please look after your own backyard before meddling with others

Please anyone who see @BowersSonny  please kick his ass.no one will file a case if thousands of us kicking his ass.
trillanes Sonny is bad example public servant,#HeIsATraitor
I condeemed trillanes sonny #HeIsGrateLiar
#GreatLiar
He is the most hated senator here and a traitor.
Cmon man. I didnt know your this low senator rubio. Thats the worst person to talk to about my home country.
You can have Trilling or called Triallanes has a mental issue Coward Lier #TriallanesHate
Wata joke
U trust trililing...the father of fake news and mad dog
DEAR SENATOR, DO NOT GIVE IT TRY TO UNSEAT THE CURRENT ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE PHILS AS WE WILL NOT LET IT HAPPENED. REVOLUTION IS IMMINENT
WtF!!! This Phil. senator is Not Official Amb. Or does not Represent the Phil. Govt. This is clear act of Treason!!
ISANG PUTANG INA KA PALA! 
Nangingialam ka sa Bansa namin pakialaman mo Bansa mung palubog na.
I pity you @SenRubioPress @marcorubio for hearing out a moron of a senator that is @TrillanesSonny stay away from our affairs.
Dogs meet the dogs.... Talking to the most bastard senator of the philippines....
Trillanes is the most Corrupt senator in the Philippines don't believe in all his lies #yellowtards #liberalloser
aba may pa US tour pa kanahan. Hoy palamunin umuwi kana pinag gagawa mo dyan? Palpak yan wala ka supporta
Ang uto-uto na @SenRubio naniwala sa #NoBalls @TrillianesSonny na #No1Traitor of the Phils
How about trying to solve your own domestic problems Senator? You can keep Sonny for yourself, we don't need him here in PH. LIES & DECEIT
Dont us rubio. Mind your own assholes.
He is a destabilizer . Don't be fooled by this crazy senator
I hope you wont believe what Trillanes is saying. Philippines is safer now compared to how it was before.I still have my family living there and my dad said that he havent seen drug pushers selling drugs on our streets no more and thats a relief as I was always scared of them b4.
Senator... be careful of wolves in sheep’s clothing!
Either Rubio & Trillanes has bad destab plan for PH OR Rubio haven't really did any research on this Trillanes dude. Either way its BAD.
the party of Trillanes created this narcotics crisis.. pls. do your research well and pls. don’t meddle with our country’s affairs
@SenRubioPress prepare the revenge of a million pilipinos all over the world if something happened to our president,
No future for this 2 Idiots.
You can keep that traitor in your closet. And please back off with our affairs. #treason
tell mr Trillanes not to comeback to the Philippines! we do not need him here!
The most hated senator in the philippines now
we are just waiting for the end of @TrillanesSonny political career on 2019 election. he will harvest the fruit of his dark labor.
Really! Alliance with Phil. Sen. who was jailed for failed coup and entangled with more controversy than bills he filed in the Senate! Wow!
Trillanes is just a barking dog of the Phil. Senate whose credibilty is just a piece of shit. No one respect this b@$%@d...
FYI, we are not paid trolls as he claim.
We fully support the War on Drugs of the President. We love our President and we stand behind him.
@SenRubioPress please don’t let idiot mutineer @TrillanesSonny use u for his personal interest to destroy our country. He is a LIER.
You do know that Sen Trillanes is a failed soldier right? He should have been shot then.
Dear Sen Rubio, pls do some extra research about Trillanes! He did nothing to us Filipinos! He is the most hated mad dog in the Phils.
You were elected as senator in United State NOT in the Philippines. Your home state needs you more. #STOPMEDDLING other country’s affair
Coz he can't continue with his corrupt practices that's why he's doing everything to destroy Duterte.Such a shame!boo!
Mind your own country!!! @realDonaldTrump pls discipline these TRAITOR Senators they are plotting Destabilization Give the #DeathPenalty
#deathpenalty
Hoy trillianes is a king of LIAR liar liar black propaganda.. He can not fool the Filipino citizens
And I'm hoping Pres Trump's agenda to PHL will be about SCS & respect for PHL sovereignty & safeguard Pinoys human ryt
@SenRubioPress you are just wasting your time talking to that useless senator.
@TrillanesSonny is the biggest joke in the Phils. Brainless, corrupt to the core, perpetual liar and a mutineer.
Don’t fall to trillanes he’s not really concern about the people and to our country at all.he is crazy mad dog and we don’t trust him at all
