Agreed. Remove all Cuba reps. Bring all ours home
You know people have been getting sick down there, right?
Where is the proof?
31 americans and may canadian  you want more proof? Rven children are sick
21 Americans, and that is only hearsay. No third party has verified these allegations.
You and your Miami Mafia pals are wreaking havoc on the Cuban people. Clear now that you don't give a damn about them. No land back for you.
The more Cubans that are exposed to American society the better.  Our ideals are infectious, let us infect them.
Eishful thinking, the people are already infectef, they want freedom, but the oppresor doesnt let them move
Then why deny them access to America? Hurting a people doesn't hurt their rulers.
Really...really?? This is where your focus presently is? Worry about Puerto Rico and getting yourself a good attorney.
Attorney what for? Do you need help?
Why no reciprocity?
Because Cuba is a RU protectorate.
More Russia.  
No worries. Give it a couple of weeks & that too will wind down. After all it's another Obama legacy which Trump will obliterate.
As well he should!

thank the ass in the White House
Shameful that you call yourself Cuban... remember your old voters won’t last for too long and young people will never vote for such a con
But we aren’t attacking their staff with sonic weapons from Russia, so I don’t follow... unless you are trying to stir up Cuba hate...
Is there Scripture for that? Smh
See Cuban Doctors in Brazil taking on Cuban government.
OM @realDonaldTrump 
Keep your enemies close!
The ambassadors of the Cuban dictatorship should also be expelled from American territory.
Hey Marco you are not helping yourself! Take care of Florida u aren't President. Be quiet!
OMG,  why are you talking about Cuba you idiot
Have staff go through last 6 months of *engpravda 
Russia claims weapon w same capabilities.
I believe I've read in more than one place that it is not Cuba causing this, so why should they not stay in U.S.?
Así se hace! Y debiera ser total!!!
Your a senator do something about it oh ya I forgot only theHouse can pass legislation you guys are falling over each other get nothing done
Internet should replace Senate and Congress.
People can vote on every issue.
Local groups would advise.
Abusers of Democracy not needed.
Worth atleast studying.
Painful for innocent families separated by politics. Just wanted to point that out.
Note to Senator Rubio: Cuba is small potatoes. Trump is the problem.
While I understand that Cuba has a mandate to protect our diplomats, there is zero evidence the Cuba has made them ill.
Agree!
Kick them out like other countries do, grow  set
What no bible passage for this? Another question. What have you done since you been a Senator, besides having dinner with trump at the WH?
Send those commie bastards home
Are you not paying attention? Castro invited the FBI into Cuba to help investigate because they don't know what's going on
We know Russia is behind these attacks
Is it shameful some grownups can't intercede, reconcile differences and establish a working relationship that benefits citizens of both 1/2
Do you ever concern yourself with America or is all about Venezuela, Cuba and Puerto Rico?
That's what I noticed @marcorubio very concerned about Cuba & Venezuela and not as Concerned about American Citizens
Ummm, Castro died last year...
Raul Castro dummy# he is the heir of the throne, the new tyrant in chief
Ohh. Did not know about him. Thanks for clearing that up.
Free hand to the DGI to spy in US. might as well pay rent on their safe houses too.
Obama is so sad...
Call your pal Trump and throw them out!!! You helped to create this mess!
Here I am in agreement with another Republican, in this case Mr. Rubio. This is not surprising in Tillerson's State Department.
Puerto Rico 
Shameful that Miami extremists who voted for you orchestrated these attacks and that they have same motive as you to cut relations w Cuba.
So you want them thrown out? Work on getting it done. It will help when you run for President?
It's shameful that you are a do nothing member of the swap. RESIGN already.
Time to get these communist thugs out of the USA ! #Enough
The only one benefiting from this is Castro's regime... oh yes... and #Putin Are you sure you wanna go there #littleMarco ?
Shameful that you're somehow still in office.
Let's dispense with this notion that @marcorubio has any idea what he's doing.
Any shame in the fact that the U.S. basically created the Cuba we know today? Like Iran? We've got a pretty spotty record in Cent. America.
I wish I could speak to you in person to understand how do you make such assumptions. I hate the Cuban government but this is only ...
Oh look, little marco actually finds something shameful. Shocking.
It is shameful that we're running from Cuba for reasons no one can explain.  No reason to cut off relations.
This is your president!
Shameful that YOU stood in line with your wealth-coveting @GOP cronies + @POTUS and did NOT denounce ill-thought evil mess #GrahamCassidy. 
And we have no idea what happened. #GetTheFacts
Someone has to keep the #Wasp #spy ring running. Look into the "numbers" repeating on #shortwave in #Spanish
Little Marco is a left over from 2016 failing presidential race. Rewatch debates to get the real man.
GOOD DESICION,CUBANO AMERICANO
SUPPORT THAT
Marco only you can do anything about IT..
Hey do you know a politician that could maybe look into and solve this prob!em?
Shameful that's it has been almost a year and the US still is clueless as to the cause of the  "attacks".
Once again is the people of Cuba, who is affected by this desicion.
We need to focus on the cuban people, not the cuban government. That embassy is there to help Cuban people.
Tom Price spent $1 million of taxpayer money on air travel and it's not even the biggest scandal in this WH. Marco? "Chirp chirp" #GOPcrooks
MARCO#1
I think we should do 1:1. Kick some of them out. 
Kick them ALL out of USA Mr. Senator.
I guess 45 isn't all that and a box of cigars after all Senator?
@USEmbCuba should be shut down!Cuban Embassy staff in USA need to get out of US territory! CubanTerroristRegimeMurders are not welcome in US
Shameful that you, Trump and Putin got what they wanted. We see you.
Uh, makes sense to me. Most of Congress relaxes with a fine Bourbon and a good Cuban Cigars and you can't lose your Connection
Honestly you have shamed yourself so much with your flip flopping support of Dotard Donnie that your words have no weight.
Until they come clean on what happened, they cannot be trusted. @POTUS  @VP  should expel all cuben ambassadors & staff
When your done being Puerto Rico governor you could help everglades city chokoloskee and Bonita springs if your not to busy
#ZombieCastro ?
@realDonaldTrump  #DrainingTheCastroSwamp
@realDonaldTrump goal is to reverse progress made by @realDonaldTrump [I am happy to say I visited Cuba before #donniedotard cut us off
Now you're coming around. Hey, wait, didn't you confirm Tillerson?
Nothing is as shameful as you. Embarrassment to Florida, embarrassment to America, embarrassment to the human race.
Ok. Ok. Now you are done with that please turn attention back to hurricane relief in Keys, VI and PR. Oh...BTW pass the tax cut bill please.
Maybe #US should reciprocate to #Cuba the same illness? 
Send them all back to the Island
...Senator Rubio is Absolutely correct, send a message that the US will not tolerate Cuban actions...thanks BHO for another failed policy?
Expel Cuban embassy staff
Take care of that Marco. Hope they will listen to you should have listened the first time
That's why we need change at the most important time right now! Here is your time
Putin gets what he wants
we need to be fair, same number in and out
countries including a sugar trade deal so we are no longer gouged by @FloridaCrystals and your Fanjul cronies?
The Fanjul are 2 brothers 1is a Dem big donor the other Rep donor, none of them has anything 2 do with Rubio, the Rep gave $$ to Trump
Thank you for speaking truth to power Senator Rubio. The Cuban Embassy is an affront to Americans and the rule of law.
Send them back to cuba senator! Worst deal ever done by #Obama
What is shameful is racist  trump's slow response to help PR and your complicit behavior in not demanding him to send help immediately
Told you 2 take your meds Complicit after it was Rubio who urged Trump 2 do something fast for PR? PLS take your meds you are being paranoic
Shameful that your not worried about your people in Puerto Rico as you are this issue
It should go both ways or we could just poison them and make them sick like they did to us
Kick them out
What's shameful is cutting taxes for the filthy rich and raising our deficit by $1.5Trillion.
What's wrong with you? Fair trade. Louisiana rice exports. New markets. Raise the quality of living for Americans and Cubans. #CubaUS
Really? Then, What do you recommend in this case? Americans diplomats got serious sick in Cuba.
Linda that's funny but not funny
Marco don't worry they're a lot of babies crying for milk . All demócratas and anti Cubans
Well, we aren't trying to kill them here with unknown sonic waves.
Says the guy who can't figure out when his parents immigrated to US from Cuba #WhateverMakesABetterStory
I like the mysterious sonic attacks. I hear its all the rage. Really?

Read more here:
@miguelhotero @SenJohnMcCain @VP @POTUS @SenatorBurr @SenatorMenendez Cuba shouldn't even have an embassy in the USA? Why do they have it?
Why punish Cubans? Cuban gov has no motive to hurt US officials.If u want to find the criminals look at Russia or your CubanAmeri supporters
They are making our people sick. What the hell, you go down and hang around for awhile and come back deaf. Think before you tweet MAGA go 45
Yeah because Cuba is so strategically important to us.
Are FL Kidcare and FL Healthy Kids programs going to lose funding? These are good programs that help working families.
Yes it is. @realDonaldTrump ---how does this make any sense?
Maybe investigate why there were sonic attacks(?) on embassy personnel? Also, hold a town hall and stop hiding from your constituents.
I agree 100%, especially since it is based on lies. What are YOU going to do about it???
Part 2.U can make a motion 4 Cuban in the Embassy  to be removed from , US until the unexplained hearing loss is determined. Take Action!
We have no state Dept they haven't staffed it made cuts maybe that's the problem
Call Donald Trump and complain.
He's your boy
Careful don't want to piss off your #Antifa buddies. They are BIG fans of Castro.
Do U want them medically affected 4Life? Do U know what caused this?Why don't U gothere&put yourself in danger b/c U want a rep there! THINK
Let's not forget the Cuban staff doesn't mind being in the US and would probably have swam here if they weren't in Castros favor
When are we going to send them home? @marcorubio
Cut the Cold War shtick and join the 21st century.
Never going to be president, guy.
Shameful that you won't meet with your constituents.
Right wtf?
We know you're still mad that #Obama resumed relationship w/them but FOCUS! There are bigger issues here and lashing out at #Cuba is not it!
So set up large speakers outside embassy and play rap music 24/7. See how long they last
Not in the budget 
That Tillerson for http://you.You  wanted him and voted for him. Now he strips the State Dept for Putin and you turn your head

Shameful you were yelling abandonment of Puerto Rico just to start lies for LIBERALS. Enough chances, Marco. We're worn out w you. RUN D!
Shameful you tried to crush MILLIONS of Americans w #GrahamCassidy & now hurt US with Swamp #TaxReform
Senator Rubio a ratio should be imposed, but of course they want the American good life while making our personnel ill. They should go home asap.
Bite me Rubio Putin & trump r behind this to spoil Obamas Cuban new connection you are being played
Bite me???  Wow they give phones to 5 year olds. Somebody needs to check their meds
Brake relations
And you still support the Donald... Shameful!!! I am a Florida resident 
Shameful the GOP didn't proactively plan to help #PuertoRico deal w Cat 5 hurricane & now wants praise
Trump on Puerto Rico response: "This is an island. Surrounded by water. Big water. Ocean water." (via CBS) 
What are you doing to stop this corrupt administration?
Stop tweeting, grow some and get his ass outta there
Shameful that you have no spine against this dictator
More shameful: you spend more time talking about Cuba and Venezuela than Florida.
That is SO TRUE. I mean, I've always seen Marco talk either about Cuba or about Venezuela. Its annoying actually!
Marco, when is your next town hall ??
#Winning
Umm...because it IS a MASSIVE tax cut for the rich. The removal of the estate tax would save #Trump $4 billion dollars, alone.
you have to ask what was gained by Pres Obama's normalization of Cuba
Fake Obama!   Trump is loves America. Obama was PATHETIC!!
