Except those times he, Stephen Miller & Breitbart colluded to kill Go8.
What about his blinding racism? Did you see that too?
So stop preaching and stand up to Trump; reclaim ur mancard.
I wanted to move to Florida but the healthcare there is so horrible for disabled children I couldn't.  Fix Florida and adjust ACA
Yep, you have the right  guy to blame 
https://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/10/us/politics/marco-rubio-obamacare-affordable-care-act.html …
And the #medicare fraud governor who greedily didn't expand #Medicaid 
I love Sessions. He's a kind hearted God-fearing honest southern gentleman & my heart's breaking for way he's being treated.
He is an evil, mean hearted person, hiding behind a cloak of Christianity. Trump has a knack of surrounding himself with his own kind. Scum.
Perjury elf
Blame your ignorant boss. You know, the one YOU voted for.  I voted for the woman who made Putin pee his pants.
A woman who murdered American heros and destroyed the evidence? A woman who make millions from governments like Russia through her company?
A woman who is on video hating all races but her own, a woman who gets rapists back on streets and attacks the victims?
One who want big government to control all citizens while she gets rich with overseas deals. One who gave nuc weapons to Al Queda and Isis?
That woman. The one who can't catch up to her own lies, or is only supported by the rich because middle class means nothing to her?
You helped create the monster in office by pandering to that crowd now you want to sound intelligent like you care?
Why a monster? Wow, CNN robots at their best. CNN making America know it alps again with fake news. Venture out a bit chick.
Name calling says much more about you than those you oppose.  someone that actively works to undermine American values, yes a monster.
Say what needs to be said, POTUS behavior is irrehensible and beneath the office in which he sits. Dont dance around it @IndivisibleFlag
Lol. Says a Hillary supporter lol.
I see racism sorry, but it isn't just now.
Except for @jeffsessions decades of racism & he want to seize people's belongings regardless of guilt/not guilty 
Well, that's pleasant. Nice spin.
But r-u going to stand up to trump or not?? Gonna fight his attempts to quell Russia investigations or no?
Whatever dude, he's your president. You get what you vote for.
Yes! We got what we voted for and I'm so thankful! Shudder to think what we would be facing if Hillary had won!
Thank You Senator for standing with Sessions..
Yeah. Now try standing with Floridians and all Americans by protecting the constitution from @realDonaldTrump and his gang of thieves.
what is fairness? Equality under the law is what we want. Jeff Sessions is just another protect-the-machine RINO paying lip service to Trump
we don't need fairness and kindness - we need a pitfall to take down Trumps enemies and HC's  corrupt activities. u hate Trump  -we love him
Fairness and kindness? Laughable. Your judgement is distorted to say the least!
Sessions is a good man but he's not doing his job! Where is the Special Counsel for Hillary/Obama & his admin/DNC crimes & corruption? WHERE
Do you still stand by that fairness/kindness thing? Now that he's advocating kicking kids out of the country to the detriment of our economy
"Fairness and kindness." His career has been about disenfranchising black people and now he's all about ripping apart immigrant families.
Did you see his racism?
Too bad Sessions is trying to follow the law with this POTUS - he'll be fired... with all the others. List just keeps getting longer
Jeff Sessions is being treated unfairly
as he works to strip civil rights away from ppl in this country-Who are you fooling?
Since you refuse to address health care here,
"We rate this claim Mostly False."
Repeal. Do your job.
It was just hidden by his racism and hate.
Dear Mr. Senator, the large sums of money given by the insurance lobby does not mean they are your only constituents, vote no on this bill.
It's time 4 U 2 support @POTUS ! As 4 Hillary, Nothing has been investigated or settled! It was a Sham! Seems like Congress is blackmailed!

Do you condone perjury, Senator Rubio?
Do you know the laws invisible Tampa? Pergury? Really? Wowzers.

I'm so pleased to see people recognising bots nowadays. 
To me there are no such things as trolls. They are all just bots. 
Look, its a trolling bot!
What? No Bible verse? #WhereIsRubiosFaith
Yeah just not when he wanted to take away gay rughts ??? Huh little Marco
Which of your positions on immigration are you referring to?  You've had more than one.  That's the problem when you don't have a spine
Oxymoron Sen Rubio. This guy will jail anyone with a Spanish sounding name. Kind? He talks with that feeble soft voice, but he is all evil.
Did you see his fairness and kindness? The next @GOP assault on voting rights http://wapo.st/2kXT5HQ?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.c84a77829173 … You and Sessions hate the vote

Mike @cernovich debates with calm and empirical facts. Much to the dismay of @MoAnsar who is spectacularly illogical. #maga #trumptrain 
So you forgive him for lying to the nominating committee about his involvement in #RussiaGate? Your  standards really need some examination
He is a racist who perjured himself.
He met with Kislyak. He lied about it, or at best dissembled.

He's one of them now, Marco.
Too bad you voted for the guy that is torturing him.
Time to recognize the signs. Trump is mentally unfit to serve. #ImpeachTrumpNow
He and his policies are insidious and vindictive. You are a poor judge of character.
Marco Rubio,kind of Hypocrite,tried support GOP,blind opportunist...

MASIVO #RT #Venezuela #15F Después q Falleció, 96 Decretos"Firmados por Chavez"Todos elaborados por #HernanEscarrá 
.How lucky for you (who he knows.) His "kindness & fairness" doesn't extend to non-Congressional GOP Americans you've been elected to serve.
Especially the LGBT citizens Sessions just rejected as being protected from discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Just. Stop. Marco. You stand for nothing
What does Sessions do all day? Where is the Clinton investigation going ?
We can find Waldo easier than we can find Marco Rubio.  You've let ur constituents down. Talk & preach little  Marco.
Marco please work with south america and fix the crises on venezuela. People are suffering.
Ciudades del pais da dolor ver mujeres con niños comiendo de la basura . Caracas y el interior
En carnicerias restaurant . Les apartan los desperdicios de comida para q no dañen las bolsas de basaura
En venezuela hay gente q come de la basura otros llenan bolsos de comida de la basura para llevar a sus familias esto es inhumano
is this a joke? fairness and kindness of someone with track record of profoundly racist policies? fair and kind to who? rich white dudes?
Spineless wonder strikes again.
Why do you not do something about this idiot who is destroying our credibility as a country and the dignity of the US presidency?
He was in on the Russian deal though and if you had an honest bone in your body, you'd admit it to yourself.
GOD BLESS YU Marco#1
Thank you!  He is a good man!
Pass our Presidents agenda or enjoy retirement.
You did kind of blow @jeffsessions up during his witchhunt testimony last month, why didn't you step up for him then when he was beat up?
Arse.
...specifically directed to our white Christian Americans. Others saw a different man, but  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I hope he uses civil asset forfeiture on YOU! Dork!
Are you suggesting @realDonaldTrump is not being nice?
so true. http://www.ebay.com/itm/Vintage-Seaside-Heights-Sunrise-Metal-Print-/132244559093?ssPageName=STRK:MESE:IT …
Never know where Marco Rubio really ever stands because he hides.
You are part of the problem you are part of the swamp. All you do is hide behind Proverbs and Psalms. When ur term is up I won't vote for u.
So the Klan takes kindly to your papa rellena face? Maybe they have evolved.
He is a great patriot
Watch out!  Donnie boy will run the bus over any of you.  You're correct Marco they got what they voted for. 
Look we know you sold your soul already, there's no coming back with hallow political praises to look good
yes, at least he was smart enough to recuse himself from Russia investigations
Jeff sessions is an unabashed #WhiteSupremacy leader #Sessions
I'm not giving character references b/c the mugger asked nicely for my wallet. Sessions is mugging the Constitution. You're helping him.
Are you saying he didn't sandbag our President??
This Senate is an outrage! Americans should decide healthcare! Shame on Congress and Senate and House!
It's @POTUS who mocks this "gentleman" you describe. Not the media. Now what r u gonna do about it?
Congress must appoint independ committee for Russia investigation so he can't fire Mueller to end Russia prob.Then no need to fire Sessions.
Here's what all of you don't get: Trump will dispose anyone he thinks he can. Despots like to keep their inner circle small.
Trump gave something of our country away. What was it?:
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
"Fair" & "kind" are not adjectives associated with racism & bigotry. Sessions is both.
Thanks for speaking up on Healthcare. Little Marco. Your eyes are on 2020. Selfish
https://instagram.com/p/BW7BTJHlxO0/ 
He is a biggot!  And i don't feel sorry for him one bit.
@marcorubio , you are a disgrace. quoting the bible when you have our blood dripping from your hands.
@marcorubio This is how cancer patients get treated by @GOP. Yoyr thoughts please?
Saw this guy mocking a woman who had cancer & relies on protections under the ACA for healthcare. 

Started filming. He stormed off. 
Jeff Sessions is an old timey Alabama bigot in the tradition of George Wallace and Bull Connor.
I pray things can work out for President Trump and AG Sessions.
Sure!  He's hiding behind the curtain!
Marco was it ethical for Sessions to make way for a bias HRC backing special council with serious conflicts of interest? Fair? Kind? Right!
Anyone with eyes & ears can see Sessions couldn't spot a serious conflict of interest if it bit him in the Ass! He's got to go Marco!
What did you see in the guy who called you Little Marco? You must have loved being humiliated.
Start doing your JOB showing up for your JOB ! My Taxes pay you !!
Leave my President Alone !!!
Marco Rubio
As a POC, how can you fix your mouth to say such a put right lie ! God help your soul !JBS lll, is a raving racist!
No to trumpcare fix Obamacare
R U growing a spine? R U finally going to stand up to pinocchio trump?
Fairness & kindnesses lol .. lol partisan fairness screw the people as long as the GOP will give you campaign $$ that's your fair Share joke
Too bad you have none of these qualities.  Selling constituents for campaign money.  33 million to loose health care.  Vote no on repeal !
You can be a good man: someone worthy of respect & yet fail at your job!
Trump the #westie to Sen Rubio. Stand up to lying cyberbullying Top Dog. Put America first. He is our lawyer not Top Dog's. Show character
Trump the #westie to Sen Rubio. Stand up to lying cyberbullying Top Dog. Put America first. He is our lawyer not Top Dog's. Show character.
I think you're hallucinating, but I'm sure he appreciates your kind words.
Hope you cautioned @SenateMajLdr to avoid #SessionsFiring via a #RecessAppointment intended to #SpecialCounselFiring #MorePresidential #CP5
Say what you mean... Don't tiptoe around the Dumpster. Have a backbone for once.

Only in America can a lying, cheating crook with no morals become President
And like partisan puppets you all get in line to show YOUR lack of morals.. sad .. so sad
You are all working for the people or should be, Trumps favorite line your fired !! Now it sounds fitting
BTW, I notice you kiss tRump's ring every chance you get. Forget about the 'Little Marco' ride you used to get from the idiot?
What about the lack of kindness as @Potus used him as his Tweet whipping boy on Comey and HRC? Why are you Silent?
And yet you r silent as @Potus used him as daily Tweet whipping boy. Even this am. With Session IN the WH. Not Man enough to SEE Sessions
I'm not a fan, but you need to speak loudly and stand up against your bully president.
Agree
Hey Marco pls tell Sessions  ...the dry cleaner called..his white pointy hat and sheets ready for pick up
Look forward to removing you from your seat. You are useless to Florida
Lies!!! Liar!!!
You won't support him if Trump fires him. Your face is so far up Trump's butt, u can't utter a word that doesn't stink.
He is extremely racist and he is a perjurer. He lied under oath.  His views on asset forfeiture are abhorrent.  DJT issue #personal loyalty.
He should have been able to set limits on what the council could investigate.
If any other employer treated an employee like this they would be in violation of EEOC rules & probably be sued. Is Trump above this law too

He's a gross old racist and you know it, but you are a good little boy who will always fall in line.
You must be on drugs
Florida is going to vote you out next year
You don't judge a person based on how they treat YOU, but on how they treat others not like you.
Jeff Sessions is first class. My hope is that Pres. Trump and AG sit down and clear the air. Sessions is a keeper.
Both Democrats and Republicans have prejudiced Sessions but he now proved his accusers wrong. Never judge a book by it's cover.
Thank you! Trump is a bully who needs to be confronted
The SHIT that comes out of UR mouth MEANS NOTHING. Tell why you hide behind the computer instead of coming out publicly. UR ABHORRENT
Marco if u had a boss, wouldn't you inform him or her as to your plans before you acted without the boss's input.
Jeff Sessions wants to take private property from poor people, which is wrong and disgusting
Coretta Scott King told us who Jeff Sessions is...and we believe her.
Thats happens to Sessions 4 picking the wrong guy. He should have helped you win the south. Rubio 2020!
kindness? jfc we are definitely using different dictionaries. he's a bigot, plain and simple.
Tell your boss to cut the BS then
I do too. I hope Trump stops attacking him. He's been a great supporter and AG.
So are U going to stand up against Trump for his bullying of Sessions? Censure Trump NOW! Have a spine! SignedUrConstituent
I'm sure Hitler was nice to his friends as well
he is a very good person. I like him a lot.
I agree
better b careful @realDonaldTrump Doesn't like ppl who don't support his decisions. U might b next.
Ill listen to Coretta Scott King and not you, since your word means nothing.
I look forward to you to slay those qualities one day
Hmmm and everything thing I've read on him says he's a bigot.. Go figure.
@dacullington /2, him to the curb. Trump is dirt, a liar, discriminates, mocks disabled, bans Muslims, loves Putin, loves $ more
Please vote no on new health care bill and work with Dems to improve ACA! Be a hero for the people of Florida!!
Yeah and you also voted YES on a Bill,  you, me or the rest of America knew nothing about. Towing the line for Party and not the Americans
Did you see @jeffsessions racism? It's loud and proud.
Man not fair or kind. Bigoted racist & his policies mirror those feelings.He is a smarmy, snake just like everyone else. He hides it better.
Please support Jeff Sessions He is an honorable man and a wonderful AG. Trump needs to back off.
I'm sure you can't say the same for the abomination that resides in the White House.
He's a rascist whose supported Trump from the beginning. Why are you defending him?
Senator Rubio's biggest critics are the looney left and the trumpkins on the right. He speaks the truth and doesn't bow to either side
Not a Sessions fan. But when are Senators and GOP going to take a stand against the craziness coming out of WH! Be brave and take a stand!
What are you doing about Trump?
You could stand with fellow GOP and tell pres you will immediately assign independent counsel if he fires Sessions. But you are cowardly POS
Gee... I saw a racist throwback to pre-civil rights. How can you support an overt bigot as AG? Oh yeah... you're a Repub.
Incarcerating pot smokers isn't kind
You're a sellout, Who's family benefited from immigration and now you're against it, don't lie about your past bro. I read your history
Typical for Rubio
Who rises up for me against the wicked? Who stands up for me against evildoers?  Psalm 94:16
Be the maverick McCain falsely convinced everyone he is. Step up. Clinging to the party line cost you the nomination.Can you be a statesman?
And then will I declare to them, ‘I never knew you; depart from me, you workers of lawlessness.’ Matthew 7:23
I notice that the overwhelming response to your tweets is disapproval and scorn. Why bother tweeting if you refuse to get the hint?
2/  You cannot serve God and money.  Matthew 6:24
“No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other./1
Well, when the civil war begins, little filthy pay to Play, you can hide out in the tree knotholes with your racist Cookie Elf buddy.
Open your mouth, judge righteously, defend the rights of the poor and needy. Proverbs 31:9
YOU MAY WANT TO SHARE THAT WITH YOUR BOSS
You also disagreed with yourself on immigration, as I recall, pulling support from your own bill. Both of you have such character!
Do you agree with his racism?
He is a fine man. So are you, Sir.
Take no part in the unfruitful works of darkness, but instead expose them. Ephesians 5:11
Sorry, he's typical narrow-minded Alabama. If Miami Cubans would spend a year in Alabama they would see what I mean. I'm from Georgia.
No one is saying he is not nice. #FINDTHELEAKS
I agree with you Mr Rubio.  I think he is a friend to Mr Trump!  Fair and kind, good adjectives for him.  Prayers!
He's not kind to the millions of diabled veterans that will benefit from medical marijuana. Same to you Marco #StandUpForVeterans
There's nothing fair or kind about a man who wants to jam prisons full of brown people. And there's nothing consistent about your stances...
This guy .
I have zero confidence in anything you say. You do not consider the Floridians that voted you in office. I will remember at the voting booth
He doesn't believe in equal rights, freedom, fair trial or states rights.
Sessions is standing between democracy and fascism.  Hope he does not stand alone.  Be brave Senator.
You'll be getting your medal-clad Russian military uniform fitted before you stand up and do something about Trump's obstruction of Justice.
