continue praying but at the same time act, because you all in congress and senate are going crazy with Obama care
Not the time and place for your comments. Have some decency please.
How can him pray for the young guy if at same time He is trying to kill the Obama care, God doesn't
If they can replace Obamacare with better, more affordable healthcare, isn't that a good thing?
the facts are that millions will be stuck without insurance, and the rest will be paying 5 times more
What is your source for that information? I haven't read that anywhere.
check please with the ARRP declaration today, I agree with you about caring for the real health care
let me tell, if you have that dog, we have a lot in común
@SenRubioPress @_that_kyle I sincerely hope Kyle is not one of the millions who will be negatively affected re: ins. repeal.
Seriously? Shame on you for using someone's illness to make your political point.
...what do you think the meaning of this photo op is, just so we understand each other?
The picture was taken in November at a rally.  https://twitter.com/joshua_deford/status/840328793273323522 ….
I dunno. The timing and his HC stance are all very "praise with lips, but hearts are far from me".
Or maybe he tweeted encouragement to his friend because of nasty comments by Samantha Bee
Young man with terminal brain cancer, who was mocked by comedian Samantha Bee for having "Nazi hair," speaks out http://bit.ly/2mraEAx  
Thank you, Senator!
Prayer is the most powerful thing on earth. Will keep you in my daily prayers. Pls keep us posted.  @marcorubio
if you had cancer and could choose between prayer and health insurance, honestly which would you choose?
This is a trick question. Prayer doesn't cost anything, but rewards are tremendous. You might even get a healing miracle.
Me too, Kyle. Keep fighting the good fight!  
@SenRubioPress @_that_kyle stick to prayer but don't support pre existing conditions or health care for all, so disingenuous.
healing prayers for Kyle.
Rubio you are a disappointment to your followers, Trumps puppet!!
-lets hope Kyle@is not one of 24million who will lose their healthcare-like my parents!
I truly pray he isn't using ACA
or how about giving him the exact same coverage that you have Mr. Rubio, which is paid for by citizens like Kyle?
. @marcorubio @_that_kyle Why don't you pray for our country as it's being attacked by Russia??? #ImpeachTrump
amen Kyle.
Please stop hiding behind cancer striken victims . Deal with the issues you were sent to Congress to address.
good pic little Marco. Exploit his cancer for your use! You will go down with even more shame! Mid terms your out!!
yes I hope he has health insurance Marco !!
, & sir I'm praying u & gang of 8 stand by we the peps & prez DJT
hopefully he's got insurance.  Unlike the millions that won't soon that will go BK from treatment costs.
hope he has health insurance little Marco
Sad LITTLE MARCO refuses to meet his constituents who voted for him. He closed Tampa office and refuses to ans phone
Totally agree. What a shamefull little man.
great senator @Benito35ddDavis @_that_kyle
Kyle pays for your healthcare and you want to take his away. And all you can offer is prayer.
Really? You know it would help if you and your gang of crooked buddies in the GOP do not repeal the ACA.
Say no to Trumpcare. He will be in a highrisk pool . if he lives under TC. Immoral, Mean, Lies Reps show some guts
NOW it will be easier, he would not be loosing his ACA Great Day for Americans
instead of just praying, how about you keep his healthcare? Wishing you a full recovery Kyle
Love the blue checkered shirts.  I have some myself.
know what he needs more than your prayers @marcorubio ? The health insurance you and rest of @GOP are so excited about dismantling.
Guess he's cpvered by insurance but no problem u have throwing off millions who are poor. SHAME ON YOU!
don't mention the shirts...don't mention the shirts...
you, sir,  are a hypocrite! We all pray for Kyle. We also expect govt to assure EVERYONE can get the help they need.
yeah cause with #TrumpCARELESS it will be more expensive for anyone to battle cancer
Prayer doesn't cure cancer, science does! Decent healthcare does! Be a real hero, pass single payor! Good luck Kyle.
Speaking of being strong. U need 2 stand up 2 Rep's. The AHCA isn't healthcare it's a tax credit 4 the RICH. Vote No
wow he found his way
@CNN @ABC @CBSNews #Russia installed #FakePresident  #DoYourJob  #ProtectAmerica  Subpoena #TaxReturns
So repeal Obamacare if you really care about his cancer battle
How about less prayer and more action coming up with a comprehensive healthcare plan.
praying for ALL people and families battling cancer....please do not make THEIR burden YOUR political battle 
You actually care about someone.  Interesting... but can not fool America
@CNN @MSNBC Pray this young man is cured. Hope, TrumpCare will not negatively impact his INS. due to Preexisting.
-God Bless you!
I cannot tell you how much i adore you Senator Rubio
then don't cut his ability to get insurance, vote no to #ahca

Kyle you totally rock and so does that Senator from Florida!!! :)
If you vote for this healthcare bill millions of people will lose coverage. We will not forget your betrayal.
Hi Kyle. Looked at your twitter acct and loved your writing. Keep writing!
Prayers in one hand, a bad health care bill in the other. We pay you to legislate. Help this kid Marco.
any opportunity to get our face out there, using a sick kid to do it. You are as bad as Samantha bee. Shame on you.
. Friends don't let friends fight cancer alone. Kyle you got this. Your strong, and you have #TeamMarco support.
@marcorubio - we need to make sure he has insurance he can afford-now and in the future when he has a pre-existing condition!!!
Marco you look so happy! ^_^
Praying for you as I strip health care from so many people fighting cancer and other illnesses. #Empty
Saying a prayer. I'm a month out from end of radiation. So much stress in the process, so many scans and waiting!
how about making sure Kyle doesn't lose his insurance coverage. #DumpTrumpcare
All politics aside I'm praying for you @_that_kyle
@billpostmus Not bad for someone who has sold his soul to Trump. Looks good anyway.
@billpostmus @_that_kyle 
as the GOP gets ready to take insurance away.
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets.
COPY + PASTE.
Hope he has #healthcare
PRAYER is the new healthcare.
@_that_kyle that is pretty cool stuff. Pretty amazing stuff happening to you, awesome to watch God working through all this.
Kyle pre-existing condition now. Love Kyle!  His parents over 50 will have to worry about their insurance going up.
Please stand up to Trump and the Russians.
Yes! This is what I'm talking about! God is at work! We all can (most of us) can see this! #blessingindisguise
Town Hall???? #stillwaiting
prayers for and prayers for those lost souls who will make this posting political
prayers for You
-YouAreAHERO. ItTakesGuts2GetYourPointAcrossThstWay-EverybodyNotices4Sure.Yup,MyMomSaysYouAreHerHeroThanks!
@AnnetteScafati @_that_kyle Praying for you Kyle!
@sumarie711 @_that_kyle #Prayers Kyle. You can overcome this disease. With #God all things are made possible. Stay strong
@sumarie711 @_that_kyle Yes, Lord, please take care of him.
let's hope you don't take him off Obamacare and put him on #Trumpcare . Get well Kyle!!!
stay strong @_that_kyle 
@SenRubioPress: Congress, do worry about coming home in April.  Stay in session and get the work done.
hope this young man has insurance or under 26 and benefiting from ACA.
Very Nice! @marcorubio, and  @_that_kyle My wishes and prayers for a full recovery! #ConservativeLove
Your in my prayers and I wish u the best. Be strong and positive.I hope you are getting the best health care u can
I pray for Kyle and pray for all of us if AHCA is enacted. Many will lose healthcare.
Prayer is better than chemo coz it costs less. Right? 
If prayer worked, there'd be no cancer or illness.
Hopefully the risk corridor sabotage you inflicted on America won't contribute to his death.
Excellent point 
Good for Marco. Best wishes Kyle. Stay strong
you're a class act!
Marco's really pushing to get us all affordable health care (not Ryan's booby-trapped stink bomb). Aren't you Marco?
Don't just pray for him - fight in Congress so that taxpayers have the SAME access to healthcare that Congress does!
hope you don't try to take his insurance away
The Cure For Cancer/Disease Was Found 80 yrs. Ago By Dr. Max Gerson/Gerson Therapy!  Thousands Have Been Cured!!!
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch Why do U support treason in our White House Rubio? Why the silence on yr part?
God bless you.
Nice to support him...but YOU need to get to work FOR the Trump agenda...VOTE to REPEAL & REPLACE or Rep 2018 DOA
No se quede callado!
Cuando en su comunidad el 'ICE", AtemorICE, AterrorICE, EscandalICE, es tiempo para que Evangel-ICE.
The Cuer For Cancer/Disease, Was Found 80 yrs. Ago By Dr. Max Gerson/Gerson Therapy! Thousands Have Been Cured...
will you pray for the poor and the elderly and the sick when your disaster of a health care plan goes thru? History is judging u
coverage for all dosent matter when the coverage is crap. There is a reason America is the epicenter of med. advance
you were such a sane conservative choice for #POTUS. I would really want to see you as a contestant for 2020 (or earlier )

Republicans are big on prayer, but when is come to following The word of God NO!
dems are big on putting immigrants in areas where there are no job opportunities, making welfare state 
Really Republicans are good are cutting and defunding everything.
I pray for Kyle's healing. I pray theTrump care bill doesn't pass, because it has lifetime limits. Pray 4 ur wisdom.
i'm a cancer survivor you could do it like a piece a cake because you have balls God bless
good hope and pray he is healthy and has insurance
awesome !!!
-make sure he gets proper health care!
Esta batalla la vamos a ganar. Te encomiendo!!
call Obama and thank him for his affordable healthcare with no caps!
LOL. GL w/Trumpcare.
 praying for Kyle and his family. You got this Kyle.
you know what works better than prayers? healthcare.

OMG #marcorubiio does exist! I've emailed called tweeted. Thought you were dead
And hope you don't have to purchase RepublicianCare
Y'all make the cutest closeted Log Cabin Republican inter-ethnic couple.
what the hell is wrong with you?
Sorry he has cancer - hope he has ACA.
praying for you
Rubio. Rubio. Roo-beee-oooooooooh!
lol
very brave young man, prayers for his strength and recovery
If you really mean that then you better think twice about repealing ACA. You don't then you signed a death sentence.
Dios Mio..both r so yummy..but Rubio´s excitingly delicious for me
+100
Decent healthcare would be far more effective than a prayer and empty platitudes.


