A federal court approved a $25 million settlement  on Tuesday with students who said they were duped by Donald Trump and his now-defunct Trump University, which promised to teach them the  "secrets of success" in the real estate industry.  Betsy DeVoss?  Way to go.
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. htt...

Dear @BetsyDeVosED,Please view and reply to: http://www.stringquest.com/betsy-devos-vision-proposal … Emailed @usedgov 
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse please assist - thanks! 
You wouldn't know what that is. Enough! Sick of your actions and lies.
Yeah you do. Start by firing Betsy Devos.
Penn Community Deeply Embarrassed by President-Elect Alumnus | News | Philadelphia Magazine
Start with Eric
What is it about Florida being Trumps safe zone! A private school really? I didn't get it!
How about attending a inner city public school that really could use money and support and recognition!
Says the one who cuts funding for education
Lets put cameras in the classrooms and have the PTA watch the video and see what is being taught, is it radical and do their children behave
To fix the education system, we must start with recording what is being taught in the classroom  then have the PTA review it then challenge
..when you are pictured w/black people, it's "fix our education". honey, YOU need to be fixed & educated. don't use black people as pawns.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
We need to be reassured that common core and Islam lessons and Islam prayer are taken out of public school like you told us you would do.
Lol Islam lessons
I have not paid much respect to Bush the Father and I hope that I will surrender to this great man
Another deceptive photo-op that will not fool anyone!
By destroying the department of education? This helps nothing. You're a sham!
why should making America be great again just be left to kids? #DanglingModifier
Yea that's why you got Devos in there & you're cutting feeding children at school. Shut up! You make me sick!
1st to go is Core Math, making our kids slow at math.. Muslims are infiltrating
You have to know what you are doing in order to make changes for the better. #tRumperroom
@NewHampshire007 We need to care enough about our precious children to revamp many of our slum like delapidated schools.
Why didn't you go to a public school? Like Colonial, Boone, Edgewater, Winter Park, etc.?
T's Word for the Day. Lets start with a synonym for the word great. Substantial--of considerable importance, size or worth.
Then why did you pick someone with NO public school experience for your cabinet?
wow, lot of traitors for just 1 photo
Yes. We need to vastly increase the number of medical schools in America to foster competition, lower costs for all.
WON'T BE ABLE TO FIX EDUCATION WITH TRUMP NOMINATION OF A EDU. SECY WITH NO PUBLIC EDUCATION EXPERIENCE. MORE LIES BY TRUMP!
You could fix every system in the USA, and the media still wouldn't give you credit for it ! But don't let them get 2 u !
Please advocate for more trade schools. College is not the best choice for all children.
You know that crazy lady sitting next to you got failing marks for her past work, don't you?
apparently Twitter doesn't appreciate me saying the word sh*t. Too bad they can't ban yours.
Yes, fix the education system so that 35% of the population can finally learn to read above a 5th grade level (or at all)
so you put that stupid woman in charge of education! What do you owe her?
let's suck all of the funding out of public schools, that oughta fix our shitty education system! Good call, Donny
@BetsyDeVosED But your plan is to dismantle the Dept of Education, right?
Voss can do that! ......smh
Just fund the schools. There is no free lunch. You have to pay for good education. Just send the $, they'll do the rest.
WARNING: ADAM AND EVE. WE ARE THE ROYAL MOTHERS AND FATHERS OF THE HUMAN RACE. HONOR THIS TRUTH.
Ty for the Windscreen.Its getting fitted on Thursday.
WARNING: CIVILIZATION. THE ADAM AND EVE DESCENDENTS OF ADAM AND EVE. GOD ORDERED ALL OTHER NATIONALITIES TO BOW DOWN TO
WARNING: START BY TEACHING THEM THAT THE SOUL CALLED BLACK MAN AND BLACK WOMAN ARE THE ORIGINAL ROYAL FATHER AND MOTHERS OF
@ReturnToTheUSA 
We must make our Teachers great again. Unclog the toilet and flush the liberal teachers
Please Make it so they can't teach the quran in our schools.They take our history and change it to suit them. Much is gone.
to bad you put the least qualified person in charge..
And you think Betsy DeVos will dI?  What a disaster!
TIME TO LEGISLATE >>> Please make subversive community organizing a criminal offense identified as Domestic Terrorism.
Amen.
My, what a big desk you have, Mr. 45!
First we have to Educate our President before we can fix anything else.
NIH funds Labs at Universities.

Ive ALWAYS wondered y America DOESN'T invest n equal education& excellence 4 ALL LEGAL CITIZENS? This would def MAGA!!!!
fix it by getting ride of Devos - she will dismantle education morons - all of you
Get rid of Common Core, it's rotten to the core.
Claes Nobel,grandnephew of Alfred Nobel-"Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi's discovery brings genuine hope to mankind"
Vouchers can do that, but how will they work?
yes         
Well, Idaho just removed climate change from our science program, so if you could help with that not happening...
With that woman Devos things will get worse.A gardner would do better as education secretary
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
The only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
Privatization of education isn't the answer. That would give rich kids a shot at a better education & hurt the poor.
you lost the popular vote, you are the least respected president, the nation is not behind you but against you
. Did you have a gun for the bears?
You have no idea what our educational system needs. You will only make it worse.
America was great before u got to White House
#MAGA
you mean rich kids?
IF YOU ARE AN HONEST PERSON AND YOU TAKE A PICTURE WITH TRUMP YOU ARE A DAMN SELL OUT OF TRUTH AND INTEGRITY
Get an education secretary that actually knows what they are doing instead of a charlatan donor.
Need to ban "social restructuring" & get back to the 3-R's!!
well having @BetsyDeVosED isn't going to make that happen. #idiocracy
Please tour East Ramapo school district. Learn how it has been decimated by resources diverted to private schools & RLUIPA
@BetsyDeVosED Please know  you CAN'T use tax $ for vouchers to religious school unconstitutional 1stAM sep church & state
fix it by destroying the public school system? That's your idea of fixing it?
its a little different. Not like trying to get something approved. Phase 1,2&3. Its bipartisan preparation and roll out
You and Betsy will bury this generation. But you don't give a rat's ass.
appointing a decent education chief would be a start.
is that a public school?
By not funding , teachers , researchers , scientists, you are hurting the same people who Make America Great
plz come to my school that way someone can shoot you. Srry ppl in my school hate u! p.s. (I hate u 2)
Education and medical are basic needs/rights for any citizen. The fix should make every American kid a Graduate and above
Get a REAL Educational Specialist not a billionaire with an empty head!
Good Idea, then one day the president can actually read his security briefings
not having healthcare can't effort to buy now fined 1400$ make me quit and collect free state benefits please do make America great again
Is this real life? What is this?
Donnie why must you traumatize the children?
America will never be great with you running the show
I can tell you what's wrong with it. HMU if you actually wanna #win
Could you start with the school lunches?
Yes!! That's why I'm dionating ALL of d @advocatehealth court $ Jesse Jackson Jr tried 2 fund raise off of 2 @ChiPubSchools
good for you!  Maybe the kids can give you some spelling lessons.
people with disabilities are very special and deserve all the rights of all citizens thank you
my daughter maddy with downs syndrome died of cancer plz help other family members to not go through what I did
Then make it an even playing field & make Public EDUCATION great again as well as a requirement.
@AJMcGuire4 GREAT PHOTO!!!
@AJMcGuire4
@AJMcGuire4
@AJMcGuire4
if you want to fix education_& healthcare, take it OUT of the gov's hands!
homosexuality it's not okay and should not be taught in schools my kids don't want to be around it
under democrat control, education has always been a joke.  The smarter people are, the harder they are to control.
give them free food too while you're at it. dont let one kid go hungry just bc their parent(s) cant afford it.
GO VISIT A PUBLIC SCHOOL IN THE INNER CITIES! CHICKEN SHIT PREZ!
Is Devos in a school for the first time? Congrats. Now you know what the places you want to close down look like.
When will CommonCore be rescinded?  Can politicalization and propagandizing of minors in PS be stopped ? I say #defundPS
stop DeVos from cutting funding to public education & arts programs that'll help
give this to the states!
I would question privatizing education.  The private schools you attended apparently didn't foster critical thinking.
DeVos can do that! LOL
.we love you trump .
...said the man who got sued over Trump U and LOST.
You should go back to school & learn how to spell 3 letter words. Perhaps order Hooked on Phonics!
@BetsyDeVosED  Start now with rescinding CommonCore
Sad that your parents did not want you & you continue to disappoint your children! Your grands will rue the day of you!
#AMERICAISALREADYGREAT ! 
@BetsyDeVosED please take a look @nokidhungry
Fix your immigration policies first, that would really make America great again
Make America safe again. Obama instilled hate towards Christians we R afraid 2 mention our faith but Islam is now revered
fix it! Fix it real good!
@BetsyDeVosED Promoting the false narrative that American education is broken is just your way of privatizing it for profit
little by little I am loosing faith in this election too.  Too baddddddd
Finally a picture with you and some people of color! 
Awesome sauce!!!
discipline,honor, confidence,pride,integrity, how? militarily
GREAT!
remove commoncore and remove all forces music programs
Forced
yes
that was another fake show from you to make sure america saw what you did, just do it you do not need a pat on the back
It already is great! You're not a real patriot of you thought that!

Let's start by getting you the "Hooked on Phonics" program.
Why don't you tell Us some stories that u have with JOHN CODY 
I fail to see how the voucher system will improve education.
teach them to spell hereby or hear by or herby. Fuckwad.
Why don't you visit a public school that 90%+ students attend?
We must fix our education system for our President to learn to read.
Stop Using The Slogan Make America Great Again. America Was Great Before You. Your The Ones Screwing Up America.
By siphoning money away from the public schools that educate 90% of American kids and taking away their food? Great idea.
you could've fixed the education system by appointing someone who actually HAS the knowledge in education. Not that
great picture for parents to want their kids to go to private school due to positive values taught in these schools. Thanks
get rid of your Secretary of education, great first step!
#please fix our kids lunches back Michelle Obama killed it look for your self on how much food is being thrown in the trash
you are correct! Can we start by focusing on thr kids education and well being rather than school budgets and unoforms?
we must fix our education system so that people like you can spell words like "hereby" and "tap" properly. Very very #sad!
Interesting plea for public education... at a Catholic private school!  God save public education in the U.S.
