you forgot "thoughts", little marco.  maybe republicans will give a shit about gun violence now?
Preventing legislation to stop mentally disturbed people from buying guns shows where your heart is.
@news6wkmg @SteveScalise @CapitolPolice how dare u Marco supporter of monstrosity healthcare killing bill  own it paulryan
God forbid that there will be a next time but you and I both know there will be the next time it needs to stop ur my Sen this is my message
Take care Senator there is so much hatred going on in this country, we need u Prayers for Scalese recovery. God Bless!
Screw the Bible thing.
When are we going to stand up human rights in this country?
the Terrorist Party in Congress ... you and your buds Rubio are to blame... you have done nothing
Thank you for the sanctions on Russia. Thank you for protecting America. This is what patriots do.
The selection from HRC the house & Senate need to meet in groups behind closed doors ppl believe everything that is said they don't #3
Sen.Rubio need your help the shooter made comments on social media that the POTUS was a Trader he stoled the election with the help  # 1
Are you praying for those dying in the streets today, r you concerned now about gun violence. Have you thought about d parents of Sandyhook?
No he isn't . Rubio is a huge hypocrite
I hate what is happening!! Sending prayers 
why not send someone to congress who will legislate to prevent killings, pray won't help!
Prayers are to God for them.  Just saying...
At least he has insurance. What is your plan for the healthcare of all Floridians? Prayers won't do it. Answer???
This all started the day Trump came down the escalator hating on  Mexicans and to this day painting a picture of hate blaming everyone  else
Deeply disturbing. Please do something about guns in America. 

 @GabbyGiffords might have some thoughts.
one of them got shot too! We need better gun laws. I kno 2 diagnosed schizophrenics that have guns right now.
You're right, people with mental illnesses should all be robbed of their constitutional rights. We should round them all up and jail them.
not all maybe, but these 2 are loved by me, and I know it's a danger 2 others and them. I know.
Use your votes, not just your prayers. You actually can drive action that makes a difference
Hey Lil Marco are you a lil btchboy for the NRA? Didn't you bend over and grab your ankles for them? Answers: Yes & Yes.
Do you recall Gabby Giffords shooting by a right wing nut?
Of the Russians & he was destroying his country and his Democratic Party this info came from Sanders , Schumer , Schiff that POTUS stoled #2
Every day, I take the risk of being shot by going to a grocery store, or an event. We dont have police assigned to us for protection!!!!
Sex Me Mr. Rubbio. I will swallow.
thank you for being a warrior and nice to senator harris
Prayers are nice. Now how about sensible gun laws?
My heart breaks for all those affected. All the hate and violence plaguing our nation needs to stop. Thank God for @CapitolPolice.
arm all baseball players, it makes GOP sense, a safer world with more guns...
What? No Bible passage?
Praying Scalise regrets his vote against gun control after Pulse shooting.  But it was just Gay people, right?
No prayers for your dead constituents, though.

Robert Snyder
Brenda Montanez-Crespo
Kevin Clark
Jeffrey Roberts
Kevin Lawson
Democratic obstructionism is creating this hostile and violent response to Trump and his supporters. Sad day.
A manacurist using a nail file and toenail clippers has to be state license but not a gun owner or gun. Who dies from toe nail clippers?
Prayers don't prevent gun violence.
prayers won't prevent something like this from happening again, fool.  30,000+ americans DEAD / yr.
Less prayer. More gun control.
When all the GOP starts to serve our country instead of abusing your power, maybe we can MAGA, until then, duck!
No one deserves what you in the GOP are doing to the rest of us.But shooting you is not the cure.CHANGE DIRECTION!
you guys lie and cheat us all day long,and now Karmas Bitch is biting you back for failing to serve Americas needs
The GOP cuts benefits to 75% of Americans and laughs about it until today.Better wise up n respect the rest of us
It's a sad day when Congress has to open their eyes to see that 99% of America is disgusted by your selfish acts!
Let's put mental health testing down as law to gun ownership ,let's start saving lives
Louisiana thanks you, Marco. Steve is a close friend of ours. You are a good man. Have watched you standing up for us. THANKS!
What we need heah,is more guns
@GOP Rubio colluding with @NRA didn't act after
#SandyHook #charlestonshooting #SanBernardino #PulseNightclub, just a pretending #Christian?
my prayers to everyone who has suffered from gun violence
How about some gun control now?
He speaks in plain English?  Can't you pander to your fellow politicians with Bible verse?  Surely you can find an appropriate passage.
Perhaps prayers for the "aides" would be nice too.... they should not be the invisible victims.
There is no low too low for the left to sink to. Wonder who's orders gunman was following?
STOP THE MADNESS..ENFORCE THE LAWS..ARREST ALL RIOTERS THAT ARE MASKED,THEY R VIOLENT RINGLEADERS
this damn hate being continued by DemocraticCongress, ANTIFA groups,&Anarchist groups must END..!!!
may they all survive and prayers for them and their families ,prayers for the capitol police shot..
Do you see the need for gun control now??????
Keep praying Marco. Ask yourself why this happened.
How about instead of prayer the you DO SOMETHING?  The irony is that you are in a position to actually DO SOMETHING yet only pray...
Stop taking NRA money now & create common sense gun reform. Since kids at Sandyhook didn't matter, or Floridians in Orlando maybe this will!
Remember it took Brady and Reagan being shot to enact the more sensible laws we used to have prior to GW Bush.
You pray for someone - not TO someone. Just saying.
And pass some gun legislation instead of collecting contributions from NRA!
Amen!
Republicans targeted.
Too bad there is NOTHING you can do about Gun Control..  If only you had a job that could do something about it.
Right?
Travel ban for white gun owning males who perpetrate these heinous crimes
Praying !! 
Good thing he has the best healthcare in the world. Maybe he'll think twice about denying it to me and my family
Agree & regret his vote against gun control right after Pulse massacre.  They didn't care about Gabby Gifford who was "one of their own".
it is too bad the cops were there or we could finaly have a government for the people not the rich.
Because prayer works.  Just like all the prayers to end hunger, war and disease.
Brava!
My family is with you in sending our prayers to all victims in this absurd shooting! When will this stop?
Praying for @SteveScalise and @CapitalpoliceLS 
thank you senator Rubio.
Please, praying to fictional characters is a waste of time, passing meaningful SENSIBLE gun laws would you feckless thug!
If the people who sell weapons follow the law, the lawbreaker will have no choice but to comply with it.
Same
My prayers as well. Maybe we need stricter gun laws like Australia?
And that's all we can offer, Little Marco B/c gun control is off the table. @NRA gave me lot of $ so I'm no longer pro sensible legislation
Stop praying and start legislating. We didn't elect you to pray for us. These horrific shootings are preventable #LoveWins #OrlandoStrong
How so?
@HillaryClinton @georgesoros @BarackObama globalist dirty fingerprints ALL OVER THIS.
But keep cashing those NRA checks and pushing the 2A bullshit.
Little @marcorubio got $14,850 from the @NRA to support expanding gun access.
Not a gun issue !!, it's an evil individual issue !!!! Guns don't kill people, PEOPLE do !!!!!!
This is what we get due to the news ramping up constant bias hate against the right
Cheap and easy... sorry, thought's and prayer's... how's your record on gun control? You helped create the world your in...
Sounds similar to what Putin and his KGB members here would do!
Just too much HATE! Division began in full force 8 years ago! Prayers to all involved.
You remaining mute while the Media has created this frenzy IS the cause! Stand up you dam coward!
Rep blows shit up "disturbed guy". Any one else is a "violent terrorist". Bullshit double standard #redneckrevolt
Was gods will
. Keep God out of Evil.
Praying
prayers? End this BS attacks by Dems and your coward GOP on Trump and Republicans NOW!
Are you in the rich politicians ready for the battle of Armageddon and it is so simple to fix just look to heaven he'll guide you
Another AR15 shooting. Why in the hell are weapons of war legal for average people?? Cops were out gunned AGAIN.
Thank you! I'm all for the 2nd amendment but no one need heavy war weapons
I'm sick of NRA sycophants saying it's all or nothing.
This is the result from the hate on the Left
Maybe the GOP will at least UNITE on this! Unbelievable
My prayers also.  
Prayers for @SteveScalise and family 
Will Marco have been trying to tell you God said he would unleash Satan upon the Earth it's only going to get worse God warned us
Lol.
Legion and there are many. Including rude anti Trump Edward who likes to Lol at anothers belief. Rude!
So sad
My prayers as well. God bless
