Then why won't you condemn the anti-Muslim man who fatally stabbed two defenders of Islamic women?
When Islam starts treating women with RESPECT and equality it won't have my support
Wait what? 'When' they do, you don't support any more? 
It's hard for me to ignore how women are mistreated and kept down in the name of religion. I don't dislike Islam, I dislike all of them
I hear you. But it's not just Islam. Look at what our Congressmen are doing. Curtailing women's rights to their bodies.
And then there is people of China. Hinduism ..devotees have beliefs that place women so below in status and rights.
I am so disappointed with all religions I just assume they ALL treat women second class. I just try to be a moral and fair person.
Not just religions, some men treat women poorly, politicians do, people with authority do. It takes people like you to stand up and say No!
Explain to me how it's a false Administration as far as I remember he did win with a majority of the vote
Alternative Facts again...Did Not win majority of the vote.
Maybe you're not familiar with how elections work in this Republic. To be president you have to win the majority of the Electoral collage.
If spell checking is the only argument you bring, im gonna start misspelling the shit out of everything
Actually the markets are doing better now than they've been in decades.
Oh please. You never once publicly denounced Trumps 3 attempts to ban muslims from coming here. Save the lip service!
Let's be clear it was never a Muslim band it was a ban on states of terrorism
Trump said ban on all Muslims. It was a Muslim ban
Thank you, we wish peace all over the world too.
What do you think?
If I already work among a lot of American in my country.
They work here safely to support their families there in US.
Sorry, i won’t deal with a Zionist whom poisoned of hatred.
Enjoy your hatred Like terrorist Melissa.
What is the name of Israel's God ?
Mr. Rubio when was the last time you wished the 9/11 victims a merry Christmas?? I wish I could put u on a boat back to Cuba.
Wishing muslims come together to battle their own extremists all around the world.
I guess the almost 100 Muslims who were killed just today in Afghanistan don't count. Or the dozens killed in Baghdad a few days ago...
Liar
While mr. Rubio sits in his safe office with security our children are being blown up by the very people who celebrate Ramadan. Disgusting
The extremists don't celebrate Ramadan as they wouldn't bomb or hurt pple during holy month.Stop this hatred.Ur supposed 2 b a Christian.
Says who you?? I immigrated to America from a Muslim nation, we were treated like garbage as christians for my faith by my own people
Happy Ramadan! #Ramadan
Hard to wish well a believe that won't offer respect and equality to women.
The real ISLAM says that man and women are equal so you better stay shut.Mr.Nobody! Jealous Pie! Blo*dy Racis*!
The male shall have the equal of the portion of two females ;)
That's wrong!
Wish they condemned islamic extremists
Exactly
http://goo.gl/s5uEWy 
Hypocrite, you could care less
senator, you're such a progressive tool
Didn't you back Trumps ban little Marco I told you before you can't set on both sides of the wall make up your mind what you stand for
Yes we back our President Trump banning different Nations that are really dangerous to our land. We most know who come
Yes I agree we must stop dangerous people from entering the US but that's not what your president trumps ban was it was a religious ban
When it was Bill Clinton, Obama expressing the same demanda, it was accepted now, it is unaceptable and a religius ma
Thank you Brother Marco Rubio
My son is in first grade and is not allowed to use the word GOD in the pledge of allegiance but our politicians wish the enemy blessings
The politicians who represent we the people seemed to have forgotten what it's like to live in the real world. I guess all the  gets 2 u.
If people are offended by OUR AMERICAN pledge of allegiance then they are in the wrong country!
Thank you sir!
When you start treating women with equality and RESPECT you will have my full blessings
I'm sorry but that makes my stomach hurt laughing so hard. You truly do not care about the Muslim faith.
And who are you to judge someone else on their faith? Are you claiming that your God?
It's hard to back-up a religion that misstreats women so openly. They ALL do,  but this one seems more openly about it.
may they have visions of Jesus.

I have become islamaphobic since reading some verses from the quran from an unbrainwashed, unbiased point of view
BAN THIS EVIL BOOK
I concur Colin! Sharia is even worse. EVIL & BARBARIC cult! They aren't "refugees", they're INVADERS!

You're so damn spineless!
What??
Seriously! You drank the Clinton koolade
Ramadan  Kareem
Thank all,who gave all
What? Unbelievable
I think less and less of the Muslim faith as they failed to Act and testify against their peers who murder Christians all over the world
The enemy shall not outwit him; the wicked shall not humble him. I will crush his foes before him! Psalm 89:22-23  @realDonaldTrump
Thank you!
I'll wish them peace when they broadly deplore jihad violence in their mosques.
Which verses do you enjoy reading to your daughters?

Rape?
Men over Women?
Pedophilia?
Bestiality?
Sharia Law?
Child Marriage?
FGM?

Tellus
Yeah and @ the same time trying to kick them.are u for realclown!!!!
What skeletons are u worried about coming out of your closet? Are you one of THEM?
Please impeach POTUS so we all may have peace.
Anyone know a good Republican candidate to take this seat? Rubio is just a RINO swamp creature Soros puppet!
on Memorial day weekend you sit and do nothing abt #45. I'm so ashamed of the Gop. It's long past time to put country b4 party
They will have it, or else!
Boom!
lol, wow this is about pathetic!
why is it "pathetic" to wish peace to other people? Yes, some Muslims are terrorists. Keyword: SOME. As in a minority
Give me a break the Coptic community is devastated; enough of ur PC can't u say something for the Christians in Iraq, Egypt or...
Wish the ones killed a peaceful death.
@ReaganBattalion You've GOT yo be kidding.
In case you haven't notice, Marco, peace and blessings are not synonymous with Islam.
Why not wish everyone in the US and around the world peace but impeaching trump.
I'm wishing muslins in America and abroad will be peaceful and loving during the month of Ramadan.
Islam is not welcome in America .
Neither is hate.
It's not immoral to hate so long as it's morally correct and the justifiable things to hate . I hate crime , poverty , fraud , murder , etc
I am so glad I didn't vote for you.
shut up
.@_FloridaMan
But I wish muslims do the same in return and not resort to killing.
Great to hear you appreciate Muslims Marco Rubio.It gives a boost to America's Reputation.And God Bless to you too.
Thanks you very much, God bless you and your entire family.
This is a shit sandwich of a tweet....
Thank GOD you're not president
And never will he be. We had a muslim presid 8 years!! Look on the street how many Sharia roaches he brought in!
Wishing Muslims were as peaceful as they say they are during Ramadan or any other time of the year
Shut up and stop pandering, you weenieface POS
I will never EVER vote for you Little Marco.
Wish I could feel this way, but I don't
Who voted for this #nutjob?
I can't believe the twitter trolls are out to bash someone sending kind words.
Happy Birthday!
W/e you are just a walking trump/ DeVos billboard. Who knew Florida was so messed up
Rubio why do you support Trump's bad policies? Travel ban for Muslims, Wall for Mexicans, Bad budget, No affordable care for Americans. 2!
Lol
Just go ahead and officially change to D. They're looking for somebody to run.
Rely? This is Memorial Day weekend... where is your allegiance? Such a disappointment.
Sorry you are my senator American people especially in Florida are getting tired of the gridlock
You are my congressman stop the refugees and get off your ass and get something done
EU q deje de comprar petroleo a Vzla! SOS
American people need someone like you who has no bad words towards religious!Muslim.
To help the Moslem invasion... hell no! NOT going to happen! EVER!!!
Real Muslim doesn't kill someone or blown an  explosion against anybody ! Bear that in your mind. All human beings aren't the same.
Thanks Marco Rubio!
Wishing them peace but also to stop mistreatment of women. Hard to back-up a religion that offends women.
He need to move where they have them laws THIS Is AMERICA !
Thanks Marco ..i still feel thirsty though whenever i see you talking :)
Wishing the two men killed in Portland protecting muslims peace
hippocrit
No, it should be USA Happy Memorial Day to those who made the ultimate sacrifice and NOT to the ppl who wish us dead..
You are fake as 
When was the last time a Muslim wished a Christian 'Merry Christmas'?
That would be the same day he wished a Jew happy chunnakah
Senator Rubio, pease help, freedom of religion, affordable Healthcare and education
Peace&goodwill2peacefulMuslims/ IslamicCountries."Sharia=illegal in US states" being legislated state by state.Sharia=anti-USConstn=Treason.
Let them do what's right,not Islamic state,it's imposible
Islam is no religion of peace. There's only one true God and it is not Allah. Mohammad was a child molester.
Thank you, Marco, for always having class and for loving humanity. Your outreach and acceptance is key in combating extremism.
Hard for me to wish well a believe that won't offer respect to women. Backwards
The most respectful man I ever dated is a Muslim. Obviously this is not all Muslims, but I've always been treated kindly by them.
Of course, life is not black and white but I have a very difficult time embarrassing religions in general. They ALL put women second class
Well I'm sorry that's your perception of things.
It's not a perception to me, it's been a reality.
Deus vult 
I wish peace to all Muslims.  And that peace begins and ends in Jesus Christ.  I pray now for a revival of Jesus.#muslimpeace=Jesus
Why won't SOS Tillerson celebrate the holiday in the Department? Some recognition has gone on since GWB

Sure Marco, sure.

You're a strong supporter of Trump and his buddies.

Do you joke about RAPE like your friends?
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2017/05/27/philippines-president-jokes-rape-speech-soldiers/351425001/ …
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=297395367397288&id=169597416843751 …
These cruelties are happening thanks to our toxic poisonous venomous president
How long til the suicide bombings begin? :(
Demand that Trump condemn the white supremacist who murdered two Good Samaritans in Portland #portlandstabbing
Marco, Marco, Marco
Just the truly peaceful ones. For the violent, extremist ones, we wish for drone strikes.
Give me a break!!!!
We pray for them to resist and renounce violence

Oooop didn't mean to do the 
Congress is failing to protect us. Kuschner must have his clearances revoked ASAP. PROTECT US or you are true TRAITORS!
How about leasing your Republican Presidents actions then?
Happy birthday, Mr. Senator!
Really
Islamic attacks are always higher during ramadon. Explain that?
Here's wishing the Muslims would offer the same to Infidels...
why hasn't the POTUS made the same blessings without using the words terrorist etc in the same sentence..
Fuck that noice. It's MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND. #SomeGaveAll
Wishing they'd stop killing us and leave
When is their holiday don't kill any innocents and turn in the radicals.
@marcorubio thank you Sen Marco for a kind message 
#Syria #Yemen #BlackListIRGC
#IRGC #IranOutOfSyria #FreeIran
Mr Rubio we will remember that next time there is a terrorist attack. And will especially remember next election. #BanIslam. No refugees
i take it that you are just joking, right? or havent you read the latest news in the ME?
Dude read the news. Portland? Isn't this where politicians make remarks about loss? #outoftouch
Masha Allah <3
How many of them wish you a happy Christmas?
Thank you Rubio, Islam is yours not only for current muslims. It is about to be connected Allah, and making mercy to his slaves (people).
Are you kidding me
Thank you
Every now and then you say something reasonable. Too bad it stirred up the haters, not one of which personally knows a Muslim
Can't tell if serious...
#rubio2020
I know you're being inclusive, But Islamist want to KILL US

The IRS has also overseen various benefits programs, and enforces portions of the Affordable Care Act.[4]
TITLE III—REVENUE RELATED PROVISIONS
Sec. 301. Excise tax on foreign procurement.
Wishing they would stop with all the terror attacks. You are as passive as your gang of 8 buddy Jeff Flake.
