
Off to a great start Ms Haley
Yeah, if you like bullies, which you obviously do. trump =  #PresidentBannon = 
I reach my hand out to you and say let's work together for our great citizens n America- what say u
Do you mean ALL American citizens? Be specific, pls. Thx.
what is an American Citizen to you KTP?
Answering a question with a question?
LoL
she's a boss @$$ bish! Go Nikki go!
Time to start coping with it imho.
we pray & stay positive for 4 years god HAS to be on our side after 8 years of hell.
well I'll wait & see if we all were fortunate tellers life would be grand!
You cerainly missed the last 8 years in that case. @AShustock @mavs_bigot @marcorubio @nikkihaley
you have no backbone and are incapable of standing against trump. We won't forget come reelection.
Actually Marco has a back bone & did what was best for our country! Others should follow
I guess you must live in a vacuum
I must #VacuumsRule
worth disagreeing to make me smile
LOL! Have a great day 
Strong will be the message from this PS father if you vote x the DeVos
Under Bannon doctrine UN has no role. But go Pats
so proud of her! 
Don't trust @realDonaldTrump to not help Putin #Ukraine #scarybedfellows #Peace #sanctions  #bipartisanship #NATO
#Mygop! We are blessed to have you in the #USSenate & @nikkihaley at the UN. Thanks for all you do!
I guess you aren't from Florida.  You can have him.
Angry much?
It's only words. Do you think the White House knows what she said?
You forgot about STRONG respond to @nikkihaley - always remember "We are The People". Unfortunately you and Nikki forgot that!
Undermined by POTUS Russia actions though.
@SenateDems We'll remember that "list" comment Is Russia on that list?Ally Iran&all the worlds refugees apparently r
have Black Lives Matter deemed a hate group. Videos on you tube with Leaders calling for deaths of whites & cops
until she does something not in line with "dear leader" and she gets dismissed of her services.

Until then,  @nikkihaley
.@marcorubio @nikkihaley Remember when you had a chance to stand up to Trump, and then folded like a card table?

Quiet now, Marco.
maybe he didn't like Hillary supporting a racist hate group either. BLM leader
Are your phones working yet? I'm about to call you.
same here. Haven't been able to get through to ANY of my Republican senators since friday... odd coincidence, Huh? 
The lines have been busy. Rubio had "circuit" issues for like a week now. I finally was able to leave a message today
Good job, friend! Setting a great example with persistence! People should make you a role model 
I was raised in the military & had to deal with Tricare, persistence is my middle name.
did she get a job you would like to have had Marco doesn't know anything she has ZERO world experience
@SenRubioPress @nikkihaley she has seemed a woman if principle, unlike you. I hope that proves true under Trump. Stay principled
GET BEHIND SESSIONS!! THIS IS RIDICULOUS WHAT'S HAPPENING TO HIM! LUV HALEY, BUT WE NEED TO FIGHT FOR SESSIONS NOW!!

Are you kidding me!! Ukraine? Umm they R being Attacked by Russia!  there is nothing good about blood shedding!
will @POTUS @realDonaldTrump stand up to Putin with new separatist aggression & violence in Ukraine? #Putinspuppet
Ah yes...we are "taking names".  How diplomatic! #TheResistance
go Nikki.
Strong message? There was no message!! Lemme guess - the dead bodies in Ukraine are alt-facts?!? Wtf

why don't you speak up about the ban. So not under
Strong = bully? trump =  #PresidentBannon  = 
whatever little one.
Given Putins recent surge of violence in the Ukraine, How will you demonstrate U.S . support?
a leader we can trust!  Go Nikki!
Marco Marco Marco say something that means something. Or shut up.
Don't push another war. McCain is insane and the truth is going out.
@SenRichardBlack went to #Syria before any https://youtu.be/3ivZKHE-STk 
over 1.8M Britain citizens say no to Trump visit good job. Little Marco Trump Puppet
who cares. Ban them from here too 
a mess
HI MARCO ; New to Twitter, Doing a Great JOB...Your Brother Up North , JAX-BEACH, Thank You...
What exactly is the content of the strong message?
She probably had to apologize to Israel first for Jews being dissed during the Holocaust Remembrance statement.
too bad your strong messages of the past have converted to "yes sir, whatever you want, sir, I have no values sir"
Nikki Haley is the rare great appointment of this administration.  Get off her coattails Mr Rubio.
you know Putin is using this moment to move on Ukraine, right ? #Ukraine #StopPresidentBannon
I wouldn't believe anything you may say after your past record and statements. SHAME on you and your party leaders!!
and she hopes not to have to take down their names.
proud of this because I was a people to people ambassador
meanwhile @POTUS puppet master Putin is attacking Ukraine
when are you grow some spine,stand behind what's right.Political correctness & identity politics are wrong.Do it for America
is she taking name her in speech bad
She is great! Marco not so much! BTW....I voted for Rubio...never again!
Maybe Haley should read "How To Make Friends and Influence People" before threats.
. shame on you threatening people "taking names"
This administration does not stand for Republican values. Your support of  this anti constitutional regime is SAD.
you suck and are a coward...
so what are you doing about Trump?
Rebuilding the alliances Obama tore down is a great start! Yay!
say no to Trump
no surprise there
Israel was "Chosen People" to bring forth the savior Christ. NOT PREFERRED FOREVER. Gentiles too, and Samaritans.
Why aren't you standing against your tyrannical leader? You are on the wrong side of history and GOD WILL JUDGE
What about Trump's travel ban which will hurt FL tourism?
you need the number for Palestine? Read your Bible, Israel is not the chosen people anymore, everybody is.
No backbone Republicans. You can't hide forever. Allowing Your Dictator to destroy this country. Won't forget
Grow a spine, stand up to Trumps unconstitutional actions! You were right first time #smallhands
@IamQueenAri @nikkihaley ya  not listening to you anymore.  You are weak on immigration.
best duo in foreign affairs, keeping an eye on the world on behalf of all Americans. Thank you both for hard work.
do now
Please remind the Dems We the People are who they are to represent! Poor loosers, bad examples will be voted to go home.
Really glad to see her meet with Israel and especially Ukraine. Sends a very strong signal of our support to both!
Guessing Amb Haley will be your first Secretary of State when you reach White House.
go kiss Iran 
. stop talking.  You have made yourself irrelevant.
they talk nice, then you hang up and they really think your administration are idiots.
oh btw... Ret'd Generals Mattis, Kelly and Flynn are all breaking the law... now you know.  Nice of you to surface.
please take a stand. This is not making America great. Just open your eyes and ears to the People please.
why don't you stand up for this unamerican ban?
shame on you for being to afraid to stand against the bannon alt right cult in the Oval Office shame on you shame on you shame
Good for her!
Devos donated to you. That is the only reason you are voting for someone completely unqualified. #DumpDevos
Oh please, the German Chancellor had to explain Geneva to Trump. They are laughing at us. We look like fools!
marco Rubio you need to do what is best for USA and impeach Trump
and where is your strength?
She threatened them with "taking names". The US is not a bully. This is shameful & you are complicit in this action.
I wish you were half as strong Marco. I supported you for so long but now I feel like you lack conviction. 
@Dennis27593736 @marcorubio 

Marco: We used to call you a twerp behind your back
Now we call you a twerp in front of your back
what about apologizing to the 7 countries were irrationally keeping out? That should be priority no?
GITTER DONE!!!
Please vote no to GA Jeff Sessions and Betsy Devos! Also, get Bannon out of the NSC!
She's just taking names, Marco
