And we're well on our way to becoming a country led by a Fascist Regime. CONGRESS has been sterilized so that it can't accomplish anything!
You liberals made these problems, you thoughts create countries like Venezuela, Cuba, Ecuador, Argentina
So Trump takes money from Maduro, he has no legs to stand on when critiquing any of them.
When did Trump take money from Maduro ? Obama and H were the US support for Maduro
You recognize dictatorship in Venezuela yet support an autocratic, self-enriching, liar who will not release tax returns? WTF?
Mr Garcia, do not place confidence in @marcorubio. He's a habitual blowhard do-nothing. He does nothing unless he receives $$ fm lobbyists.
great senator
Yup - great if you're an insurance company, NRA, Koch, Oil company or other lobbyist. Not great if you're a constituent. No townhalls. Rude.
Re-election night was so fun. Rubio people are the best.
Something needs to be done! Maduro needs to go to prison for all the wrong he has done! THE PEOPLE ARE DYING!
@marcorubio is not your answer. He ONLY works for lobbyists who line his pocket. He cares nothing about constituents, others.
Yes. I know this. But every tweet I add is tweeted and from afar I am raising awareness like many other Venezuelans.
one of a few senators that even mention Venezuela.  Thank you Senator Rubio!
Trump mentions Venezuela because he received lots of money from them. Does that make him your hero as well?
No most certainly not. But perhaps his YOURS. Go and be ignorant on someone else's thread  .
Trump & his puppet Lil Marco do nothing for the US.  But Marco is, sadly,  my senator, so I have every right to respond to his crap.
Senator Rubio, the dictator has gangs and the army protecting him and killing our people. We only want democracy food and medicines. HELP US
@Marco Rubio does nothing. Do not count on him. He is a coward who doesn't do his job, who neglects constituents. He will do nothing 4 u.
Ha! That's about the most he'll do. If it's work, he won't lift a finger. He'll tweet a few times, he'll make a few comments. He's a COWARD

Venezuela is a Socialist paradise, like all the rest that have fallen before it.
@oscarpena @OAS_official marcos te admiro mucho ojala puedas apoyarnos a que rescatemos vzla.
The only thing this guy cares about is $$$ and feeding his ego. Rubio is a mini trump without the orange glow
these protesters aren't the paid kind, huh?
Terrible news Senator, thank you for supporting human rights and freedoms in South America and around the world.
Let's press Marco on why it's acceptable for Trump to receive money for his inauguration from Maduro.
Show me the proof!
That's true. CITGO did it. Proofs are in offcial documents about campaign contributions. But I do believe that it is more embarrasing to VEN
Thank you.  Venezuela needs help.  We will be forever thankful for any kind of support we can get from other countries.  We need help.
marcos there is a venezuelan Young man that was tortured that might be extradited back! Coelho is his name!
Hmm,they must be related to #ANTIFA
Ayuden a evitar que nunca comience una guerra civil, Venezuela siempre ha sido un país pacífico y democrático, pero hay mucho sufrimiento
Thanks Senator!
Dictatorship and Future Dictator! Venezuela donate $500,000 to President Trump’s inauguration
and how do you feel about Trump inaug committee taking $500k from Venezuela state run oil company? I can't hear ur response pls talk louder
Ayude que están matando a mis hermanos. Maduro es un asesino
Youmust intervene infavor of MarcosCoello following principles ofthe founding fathers ofthe freestcountry inthe world:freedom,respectforlife
Each nation that denies the obvious reality is making efforts to be the next one
Please!!!! NO MORE TALKING. EVERYBODY KNOWS THIS !!HELP US!!!! SOS!!
Yes this dictator is a buddy of Drumpf & Putin. Your friends as well. Stop acting like you care.
Marco, let's work with @POTUS  @VP and @StateDept and keep the pressure against Maduro. We need to support the opposition with arms frankly
Maduro is a Drumpf & Putin crony. I guess you're blind to this.
Robin, people that use those shallow expressions you used,  I find generally don't have much intellect and are now worth debating.
And considering the topics of your tweets you're in Russia trying to act like an American. Bye Felicia.
@ChriGarces @OAS_official. That guy has to be behind bars about. Money laundry terrorism, drug lord, someone help America please
A problem to fix. @OAS_official countries paid by Maduro's dictatorship to shut their voices.
Focus
Don't point fingers Marco, hold up a mirror. WE in USA are NOW the country needing to be checked in on
Thank you, Sir.
And what will you do about it? complaining in twitter will not solve our problems, what are you waiting to stops this massacre against ppl?
@elcitizen @OAS_official Vzla needs HELP ASAP.Maduro is killing protesters and today another 21 yearl old boy has died.It's hell
Help prevent a civil war ever starting, Venezuela has always been a peaceful and democratic country, but there's much suffering
BECAUSE OF YOUR GOP DEA WAR SWAMP FASCIST CRIMINALS NIXON-RR-BUSH-TRUMP-MCCONNELL-RYAN-CHENEY-ETC FOX-BART"ANTI"-CONSTITUTION/DEMOCRACY!AMEN
Said dictator gave 500 million to @POTUS for his inauguration. Are you ok with this? If you are you'd better never utter another word.
Estamos con Marco Rubio y los pueblos de Venezuela :) 
la posición de USA respecto a Venezuela y CUba ha sido ambigüa, tanto con Obama, como con Trump ahora. NIngún cambio
Why USA is turning its eye away from Venezuela's people?
una transición entre la MUD y un sector criminal del régimen dispuesto a pactar a cambio de obtener oscuros beneficios, es ALTA TRAICION
muchos creímos ver en ud un aliado contra el castrocomunismo, y sé que lucha contra éste, pero no a costa del sacrificio de Venezuela
lo q menos esperamos de Ud senador Rubio, es q se alíe a la nueva estafa con la MUD que son las elecciones, y una transición indigna
y LA OEA ES UN NIDO DE TRAIDORES Y CHULOS, COMENZANDO POR LOS CARIBEÑOS Y LATAM MANTENIDOS DEL CHAVISMO. USA TAMPOCO HA SIDO SINCERO
SEPAN QUE LA MUD NO REPRESENTA A TODA LA OPOSICION VENEZOLANA, SON COHABITADORES DEL REGIMEN, FARISEOS
NO QUEREMOS  DIALOGO CON CRIMINALES NI ELECCIONES BAJO DICTADURA, QUEREMOS AL CASTROCOMUNISMO FUERA DE NUESTRO PAIS
Organización de Naciones Unidas declara que la crisis Venezolana afecta toda América.
@marcorubio has the US been doing enough to resolve the crisis in #Venezuela? It is painful to see such a beautiful country getting ruined
Which reminds me - why r you sending 'fund raising' emails @ rate of 2 a day? Why r you raising money? No election 4u til 2020. WTF, Crook!
Uh huh. Talking big again but what will you DO? What do u EVER do other than take $$ fm lobbyists & serve their interests - not constituents
S.O.S please!!! 
And the USA is next!!!!
Hence why we got @POTUS elected, to prevent liberals from bringing this to our country.
Finally you are saying something intelligent.  YOU can help. I.e: by shaming the Orange Clown for accepting $ from Maduro for his Campaign!
About time we stand up for the people of Venezuela, isn't it?  Where's Trump in this people's revolution.
These young people were assassinated by the dictatorship of Venezuela in this month of april 2017. @WHAAsstSecty @cnnbrk @LatinWENews

@shababaty @OAS_official This is a cancer in Latinoamerica.  Later, Ecuador, Colombia, etc.
That same picture in America would have Trumpsters screaming about  " anti govt liberal terrorists in masks rioting".  What is GOP becoming?
Well we have our own dictator who is not listening to the will of the people so.... #impeach45
At this point, how can a U.S. Senator deny that his country is being run by a wanna-be dictator?  Do. Your. Job.  #TrumpImpeachmentParty
It's called oil marco, oil money makes a lot of politicians curupt. Kinda like how Goldman Sachs can tell you what to do.
What's truly pathetic is that, by killing environmental regs, Marco and his cohorts are killing jobs http://www.ecosystemmarketplace.com/articles/will-the-gop-kill-a-25-billion-restoration-economy-that-employs-220000-rural-workers/p …
Another Republican who stays silent not welcoming an American prisoner home.  Shameful
I wish you cared as much about FL citizens as you do for S. Americans.
The same way you deny climate change.
Yes, Nicaragua, Bolivia and Ecuador, pupils of Maduro
Why don´t you start by asking your pimp Donald Trump why he accepted HALF A MILLION DOLLARS from Nicolas Maduro for his inauguration?
@LincolnDBalart @jorgeramosnews @ddlovato @willycochez
At this point, how can any member of @SenateGOP deny the mountains of evidence russia influenced our elections and aided trumps election?
@marcorubio Let's not let those criminals scape and come to the US.More suctions to every single member in the regime.Thanks for supporting!
Thanks for your support!  
People do not care until is in your own soil.
Lets keep praying for the brave people in Venezuela. The Lord with them. They will prevail.
I feel for Venezuela but I am also scared of what is happening in America. What you are allowing to happen because you put party b4 country.
Than KyuMarco for supporting Venezuela love and prayers
Tell your POTUS to stop sending congrats to freaking dictators!!!  Sick and dangerous!!!
Vzla necesita el mismo apoyo dado a Libia, aviones cazas para neutralizar al opresor,luego enviar armas a la resistencia y apoyo diplomático
Muchas gracias Senador!
At this point in the US, how can anyone deny that trump is trying too become a dictator? You know what you're supporting.
Let's go to war with them! North Korea, Russia, Iran, Syria, let's take on the entire world. With #donaldtrump at helm what could go wrong

I have a hot book about JESUS called The Last High Priest by REV Gary Emas.I would like to share with your http://audience.How  can I do?
How can anyone deny we are on the path towards dictatorship here in the US?
SOS SOS SOS  nos están masacrando  el pueblo con banderas y pitos y ellos con armas y gases
At this point, can anyone deny you are avoiding your constituents? #townhall #canwetalkrubio #doyourjob #whereareyou #whatareyouhiding
Do something Senator
PLEASE WE ARE BEGGING. CHILDREN AND TEENAGERS ARE DYING. IN THE NAME ON GOD. PLEASE HELP
Senator, the main reasons is because they get money from those criminals, they should be also investigated
Is it like the alleged trump crime family?
Suggest you open that question up to the wider global audience @UN_HRC @UN. Has UK publicly stated what's clear for everyone to see? No.
Look down at 1600 , that big White House he doesn't think so maybe he will call and congratulate the Venezuelan president on a good job
The same that they have been trying to cozy up to Castro II. Not that they care....
Thank U for your supoort and courage to denounce these killings and the opression
Yeah but he gave $500K to Republican President Trump's inauguration fund so he's OK like you taking money from and voting for Devos. #Bought
Kinda like here now
They are only following the lead of #fakenews and #Soros.
Venezuelans are asking help to the wrong guy. He doesn't care!
Maybe you say that directly to our President
Trump accepted $ from Venezuela
It is not dictatorship, but tyranny, Senator.
Ask your potus about the inaug gift and the lifted sanctions!!
It is worse than Dictatorship.  Stand up and Speak up. It is a brutal, murderous criminal enterprise
What has become of the thousands who have been "detained" in last few days.
Where is ur statement on Trump taking $500K from Venezuela? As a citizen of USA I find this very disturbing-how about you?
Little Marco like where America is heading, fascism at its finest. Next thing Comrade Trump President for life
SOS #VENEZUELA
Screw @OAS_official why don't we start by asking noted economist @BernieSanders or dweebs like @mrdannyglover or @MMFlint what they think?
Thank you for continuing to bring attention to this and fighting for the people of Venezuela.
Terrible for sure.But don't we have enough on our plate?each day I wonder if a nuclear war will start thanks to DJT.
Want to talk about how much they paid for #45 inauguration? Pay to play w/ dictators & poisonous chemical corporations, u should cut & run
We cannot police the world of dictators while we have such turmoil and evil sitting in our own @WhiteHouse. Impeach the Dictator in chief
It's sad what's happening there but our dictator in USA is about to start a war, can you help AMERICANS?
@realDonaldTrump accepted 500k from the Venezuelan govt for his inauguration. Your GOP pres affirmed the govt's legitimacy by accepting.
Then what is your response to their large donation to the trump inaugural fund? Lots of talk no action Senator.
and so many have said it's a communist paradise. doesn't look like paradise from here.
America is looking more and more like one too.... will you stand with American protesters too??
@Voters4Kasich @OAS_official  that donated $500k to Trump inauguration! Senator...do SOMETHING!
I guess they're waiting on a call from Trump congratulating Maduro on his victory.
Venezuela is a dictatorship, and your president happily took their $. What do you plan to do about this?  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/39648675 …
Thanks for caring about the People of Venezuela; I'm Cuban but they are in need of our help!
Historically uprisings are bloody- This needs to happen in order to achieve democracy-
Rebelión against tyrants is obedience to God- Benjamin Franklin
Your @POTUS accepted 500K from them. When R U going tonhold his feet to the fire & stop enabling??
At this point how can any member of the GOP deny @realDonaldTrump is a lunatic?
Finally u r mentioning something about Venezuela we as American need to help our American brothers & sisters we r all Americans, u most help
No one , so is Russia and we have their agent as POTUS, Saudi Arabia has Rexon where's the outrage Marco
Marco, I pray for my Venezuelan  friends & Families & thankful for all your effort to help this country. God have mercy on Venezuela 
I would repeat your words.
Bernie Sanders can run a Socialist government.
The USA should be willing to donate him to Venezuela.
They can all have free college.
At this point who can deny the massive corruption in the White House
@marcorubio we really don't care let's worry about BLM and let's worry about the riots in Berkeley canceling our free-speech nobody cares
Someone should clue in Sean Oenn
Thank you for bringing attention to this horrible situation.
We might get some GM jobs back since their Govt seized the GM plant there
At this point how can any member of the republicans deny that  #Russians hacked our election?
Fku
do not worry Trump will cheer them on look at his hopes for France winner
My friend is time to apply more actions to help our country. Yesterday was terrible to our people.
Never Forget 

Rubio Fully PROTECTS Trump and his choices:

 Putin
 Trump Family Running USA
 Kicking Millions off Health Care
Start cleaning up the White House!
Look to your own
You need to make a stand and take action. This is a menace for the region. You have to defend freedom in your doorstep
You stand behind  agent  orange   plus your a COWARD
Didn't they contribute $500k to #Trump's inauguration? Think #America will sidestep this one, Marco.
#TrumpFollies
How soon before Trump praises him?
Thank you @marcorubio for your support!!!
Dictatorships are like cancers - only rarely to they revert to democracies and usually only through extreme violence or revolution.
How can you deny US is well on its way to a dictatorship? Or oligarchy? Every time repubs mindlessly vote in favor of Trump. Party first!
I don't know? How could @realDonaldTrump accept the dictator's money for his inauguration?
At this point how can you deny trump doesn't know what he's doing
Even if the @OAS_official agrees with it, they are so useless that there's no point in counting on them.
So, it's time to act accordingly
Gracias por estar pendient, ahora mas que nunca necesitamos su ayuda..Paramilitares en las calles acabando con todo, hiriendo al pueblo #SOS
You should worry about our democracy, and what you aren't doing to protect it.
So why the secret meeting at Mar a Lago @marcorubio?  Why don't u tell the American people that u met with President?
Thanks senator!!!
They can deny it, but trump doesn't have to!
Marco.. Are you aware you're supporting one??
I'm Venezuelan-American, upported @marcorubio in the last election. At this point the #dictatorship of #Venezuela has to stopped by force.
Keep trump on that!
Saudi Arabia and major US allies in the ME are dictatorships too
Keep up the good work Rubio! I still want you and Cruz to team up! Prez and VP! Love you!
Thanks to your buddies at the central banks. You know, the same ones who purchased your services when you were a 'working' lad.
Venezuela never recovered from Chavez. Let's hope the US recovers from Trump.
@Rosmerygg
#USA #USENATE #TRUMP #MARCOSRUBIO #ONU  COLECTIVOS = ISIS  THEY ARE TERRORIST PAID FOR #DIOSDADOCABELLO TO KILL PROTESTANT PAOLA RAMIREZ
Marcocito... why aren't you concerned about the oligarch dictatorship that America is becoming under Trump?
we’re on our way to the same result if we don’t get Trump out of office. Can’t you see that?
Well @marcorubio you and the rest of the #GOP are complicit with @realDonaldTrump in trying to make a dictatorship HERE.
But they promised the false promises of socialism...
