Four star general. Show@some@class. Treat him like you would a democrat Marco
All options should have been on the table the moment you realized our NATL SECURITY ADVISOR was Kompromat
And if Trump has nothing to hide why doesnt he release his taxes?? Why obstruct justice?The damage has already been done why is GOP covering
Why are anyone's taxes your business. Why didn't Obama release his college transcripts?? There is a lot of private info in returns.
U do knw tht George Bush refused to release his transcripts, along w/ #TRUMP, and every other sitting pres b4 @POTUS44 

SO what's ur point?
They have none its just noise to drown out the real discussion
I take it better some days than I do others.  Today... not a good day to listen to #Trumptards rake their fingers across a chalkboard again.
Trumptards, libtards, etc. Can adults actually use grown up language?
When we have a grown  @Potus ,not a dip and his #fascist  crawl  n2 their singlewides, I will  my vocab  2 an educated level. 
Chicken Repubs have reputation for not enforcing Congressional demands.Why isn't Holder in prison? #SEthRich must B investigated #MarcoRubio
@marcorubio You little POS, why are so silent when it come to democrats?  You truly make me sick!
Talk is cheap Rubio, why don't you do more than just breathe!
We always hoped the investigation like IRS, Fast & Furious would have had more options too. Sadly you failed to care as much as you do now
Exactly, but RINOs like @marcorubio aka #LittleMarco allow the #demoncrats to walk free!  He is a weak boy without any testosterone!
I think the Rhinos are Democrats in disguise. The swamp is hard to drain.
Well, RINO stands for "Republican In Name Only"!
I missed Senate Republicans going after Obama admin like this. Major failing brewing for #GOP if they align w Democrats to go after Trump
Hey, remember that time Obama gave code-word secret intel to the Russians after the meddled in our elections and yucked it up in the Oval?
Yeah, me neither. How 'bout that time Obama praised Russian dictators while mocking honorable Americans that disagreed with him on policy?
Me neither. Or when Obama asked Comey to stop the Hillary investigation? I missed that one too.
Your such a loser, why feed this Russia crap. If he broke the law let LE go after him. I regret voting for you. @realDonaldTrump
You realize the "Russia crap" is real, correct?
If real means made up by the media. How many times does the CIA and FBI and other agency have to say they have found zero evidence
Um...they haven't. Have you been under a rock?
Yes they have and even Dianne "witch" Feinstein from California said it! Where, oh where, have YOU been!
Paying attention! 
Russians change no votes. Did they try to interfere yes we try to interfere with Israel, England and France's election so cut the crap
So you think. Or are you just really afraid you voted for Trump because Russia told you too?
Get a backbone if no votes were changed why are you wasting millions of our taxs dollars?
SO, when will you require Hillary, Huma, Comey, etc to produce their documents being held? They all have taken the 5th and nothing was done
What the hell are you talking about? Do you know what you're talking about?
Seems to me that you want the truth,not like others trying to push partisan crap. Glad to see it .ive seen the GOP agenda pushing too much.
Finally!!  We need to seek the truth. Obviously there is something that IC&LE agree needs investigation. Let's get on with it!
He should Plead the 5th!! Another witch hunt
In fact you could also say trump loves total morons!!
@HillaryClinton IT specialist takes 5th over 100 times. #Trump2016 #fieldoffight #AmericaFirst  https://twitter.com/mgf_83/status/745942892594683904 …
Are you saying Flynn doesn't have a right to plead the 5th?
Based on all the lies being perpetuated by the left, who could blame him. Special counsel being assigned is ridiculous in and of itself
It's telling that the same people who want more Benghazi investigations (despite a lack of evidence) now want to stop this one... GTFO
Lack of evidence? Let's ask @KrisParonto his take on that moron.
I know, why don't we talk to the NSA and dni about the request to put this aside? FBI number 2 asked, not voters. Prove with fact otherwise.
SETHRICH HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH
Keep on being a horrible monster, Eric.
Huh!?
The story you're pushing is a disgusting lie and you should be ashamed for promoting it.
Show me proof Russia colluded then
Flynn may have not been perfect But For God Sakes Comey Allowed swat to Deal Heroin! Officer to continually Kill innocent
@the real Donald Trump you are a disgrace to this nation . They were laughing at you today .# impeachment is too good for you
Right on Bro.
You hope? During the Obama administration you would have demanded!
Too bad Rubio doesn't pursue Democrat wrong doers.
"Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI? Think of the trauma that would do to this country. " - Rubio
I hope you & other GOP members have a "come to Jesus" moment & exhibit bravery, honesty & integrity. Only the TRAITORS refuse to stand up.
Hey! It's little Marco 
So more demands for leakers pelts?
Including the option to run back into your hole?
You're such a big boy now.
Hold him in Contempt and lock him up.
We need tax reform, healthcare, jobs,etc. When will the Republicans get together, get with Trump and get things done. Time is running out!!
Hey you're next #marcorubio
Me, too. In fact, I don't know anyone who doesn't.
wait! Did you take Russian money?
My my, never sure which side of your face you are talking out of, Marco " I can't vote for Trump...oh I did....,"
Why so can do to him what they did to Ollie north
I bet you'll find the option that benefits Trump & the GOP, not the one that uncovers your hypocritical ass
Until Trump tells you to back off
You need to face your constituents and tell them about your own Russia ties. The 1,000,000 donation from Pro Putin Ukrainian business Access
Do to him what you did to Lois Lerner and John Koskinen. That will strike fear into his heart.
It's a kindly gesture to show up,
They have not been kind
He needn't feel obliged to extend a gentleman's gesture
of courtesy
Give him immunity! The Dems want a scalp. If he is free to share with no repercussions you will get the truth. Dems don't want truth!
You're do nothing nobody. Can't wat to vote you out the senate.
Otherwise @marcorubio will next express "grave concern" and go about his business as usual. 
You're busted too, puto. But good try.
Stop waiting to impeach trump and his administration just because you want to push through your awful bills. Pence or Hatch will sign them.
why did u take 1 million contribution from Ukrainian businessman?? Such a traitor.....
Yeah because you hate Russia - you just take their MONEY!!
Flynn will tie Trump and every Republican to collusion,with many bought republicans!Americans sold to the highest bidder! Crime!
I hope you will begin to show some real concern for a russian mobster for a president.
Obama did not comply when he fired him and hid the facts till he could use them against Trump. Obama should be the one before congress
President Trump most transparent President in history if u really think about it.  You know, Trump talks, talks, talks and keeps on talking
releasing personal taxes voluntarily, not mandatory.  Who will understand 10 miles long tax returns on Trump and debate to death news media
are you just plain foolish?  your trying to rail road him into jail, he only has to  provide special counsel not congress .
"hope"?
When are you going to actually do something useful and start investigating DNC. Ample evidence of corruption but you'd rather Shiil 4 Soros
I hope our elected officials pursue some swift justice against traitors before they lose their jobs in 2018. #LockThemUp
If you do not ask ?s about Obama HRC Podesta collusion w Russia that has real evidence then this is just a witchhunt to overturn election
Nobody worried when Obama team took fifth
You know he won't.  He is a criminal and cannot be trusted.  Two Presidents fired him.
Gen Flynn should have the same rights Secy Clinton's ENTIRE staff did during her hearing..? yes..? Complete protection!

To use the oh so Eloquent term he encouraged " lock him up"
This sounds like candidate Rubio. Welcome back. #standupforAmerica
I don't always agree with you. But on this issue, I absolutely do.
Please be a voice of reason for USA. Trump is a disaster and we need you to help to moderate his extreme views.
What took you so long? Looking grim for all of you who didn't toss him out in primary
@realDonaldTrump I will vote Rep. PRESIDENT, but NOT Rep. down ballot  unless  you BOZO's change and start supporting OUR Pres. DJT. Got it!
@realDonaldTrump I will vote Rep. PRESIDENT, but NOT Rep. down ballot unless  you BOZO's change and start supporting OUR Pres. DJT. Got it!
Reality sandwich -- U SUCK! RINO, hater of middle class and conservative values. Leave office in disgrace.
I hope Flynn pleads 5th - his right. Why didn't U go after ONE Dem like  this? IRS. Fast & Furious. Clinton's email. CGI. Obama's spying.
I hope Flynn pleads 5th - his right. Why didn't U go after ONE Dem like this? IRS. Fast & Furious. Clinton's email. CGI. Obama's spying.
Thank you for putting country first, Senator!
The ONLY option is #TRUMPImpeachment and #indictment of #Flynn. This consorting with enemy to win election is #treason
@MariaBartiromo @DanScavino Stop Slow Walking n GOYA
Docs: US Senator Marco Rubio took $1 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman—last election cycle.

#TrumpLeaks #TrumpRussia #Resist
.@GOP witnesses know you're not serious and will laugh in your faces. #SpecialProsecutor will do the job you can't/won't do
FLYNN DON'T comply HE WAS THE "HUNTED"BY THE BO ADM ILLEGALLY UNMASKED SACRIFICIAL LAMB. REAL CRIME BO POLITCALUNMASKING WAKEUP REPUBS!!

Just saying. You are sounding vindictive and bitter. As a skilled politician you should know how to avoid this marketing flaw.
He needs to for the sake of the country, or make his ass do it. We are tired of this drama, can't do good things with that  over..
All legal options? (Adult Male Correctile Dysfunction, AMCD)
Do you eat your own?
I want all the facts too. I just hope this is not some liberal witch hunt.
Whoa! Marcoroni. You're really pushing it here. Are you sure you want to go this far?
Proud you are talking and demanding accountability of this admin.
ALL options better include IMPEACHMENT  proceedings. Sick of this treasonous bastard and his minions making a mockery of our democracy
I too hope that your Committee would decimate the calorific value of chocolate
Oh Marco why are you not fighting for We the People instead of Soros?
@FoxNews @CNN @OPSVeracity @BBCWorld Flynn thinks he is above the law because Trump keeps trying to get him off. This is a joke. Jail him
Here are the options, senator. http://www.pointoforder.com/2017/05/23/the-senates-options-in-the-flynn-matter/ …
I hope Gen Flynn refuses to comply. This us not about getting to the truth this is sbout getting Gen Flynn. You have become Washington DC
Congratulations on your recent spine transplant and prayers for successful acceptance of new body part and full recovery.
I hope you stop trying to undermine "MY" President and start working on tax cuts
I hope he pleads the 5 th like  all the democrats and Lois Lerner did and u didn't say a word. #Moron
Gracias por tu cometario, Marco. Bienvenido a nuestro lado, estoy segura que vamos a ganar.
You're so full of shit
This is a witch hunt. He was cleared in January. How about the unmasking crimes?
Your master, DJT, knew all about Flynn before he hired him. Yet you fully supported him with his broken promises. You are a poor Senator
You had your chance to talk tough when you could have opposed everything DJT But instead you cowered down to your master. Embarrassing! Sad!
You should focus on TAX CUTS ( what you where elected to do)......NOT trying to diminish the President ( little Marco)
Just like when you guys did NOTHING to ALL OBAMA PEOPLE. THE AMERICAN PPL want every single member of Congress under investigation.
There's still time to have to salvage your political career, Lil' Marco. Get ahead of this. You know what's coming. #impeach #dwarfhands
Look at you! You finally found your tiny mouse balls.
Deport this one 
What about the $1 million in contributions you took from Russian/Ukrainian interests?
Haha welcome to the @GOP
Wait, are you actually growing some balls? Next, you'll be shaving!
I can't stay mad at you Marco. That baby face!! That dedication to leaving the unwashed masses behind! HOT!
Pretty simple little marco, you don't get to just have the documents, @GenFlynn gets to tell his story, but we know y'all don't want that.
Little @marcorubio when R U going 2 wake up? U R nancy's & chuckle's biggest H2O carrier. Sit down shut up & crawl back into Miami sewer sys
Stop the witch hunt!  Flynn is a great American or did you forget his service and dedication to the USA.   Subpoena Clinton foundation first
#INTEL]No smoke without FIRE! Let's call spade, a spade.
All options should be on the table regardless.
DO US ALL A FAVOR, RESIGN!!!!
Everyone plead the 5th on reference to HRC emails. What are you trying to say Little Marco?
let's hope you don't douchebag out this time. 6 years to go with you? Glad you're at least going to work this time
Thank you for standing up for our democracy and investigating this. You'll be on the right side of history for seeking truth.
With all due respect Sir.
Docs: US Senator Marco Rubio took $1 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman—last election cycle.

#TrumpLeaks #TrumpRussia #Resist 
are you really that "dense"!
I hope you would stand with the president and stop the bs!  After almost a year and no evidence of collusion.  Move on and solve taxes & HC!
Marco you should have left govt like you said you were going 2 do after losing the nomination Your serving today thanks 2 POTUS Sad to watch
I hope you out the president on notice
Finally
What is the committee doing to discover who is doing the leaking? We know that is a real crime!
You keep talking tough, but when it comes right down to it, you just fall in line. Party before country. You have absolutely zero integrity.
What about Obama's dealings with Russia? And Hillary taking dollars from Russia? The answer please.
Este Nico convocó a manera ilegal una prostituyente
why do you care
Lock him up!
Business documents. Businesses cannot plead the fifth.
He won't, stupid.
lil Marco #paperlion
Lock him up?
Someone's still not over the 2016 primary.
Business documents?
That may be the smartest thing I've ever heard you say ... boy wonder!
Golly gee I sure hope he does too. It sounds awful important
You support a POTUS that works for Putin, that makes you a collaborator, General Petain!
So when do you order General Flynn's arrest? Failing too answer a court ordered subpoena is a crime!
How powerful and definitive of you.   Nice to know you plan on urging stuff to be on the table.
Decided to get Patriotic Marco? The longer the GOP waits the worse it gets for the sad excuse of a Russian compromised party #DemsRemember
Same options used with Rice, Lerner, and Lynch?
Oh go home with your $1million from foreigner MarcoPolio. @FEC @funder @msnbc @abcnews @cbsnews were sent those records. #Dworkinreport
It is very important that the truth is discovered regardless of who doesn't like it.
This will not end well. Wilbur's PB is in trouble too. Get in front of this if you want any chance to break away from Trump World in 2020.
If he's guilty you better lock him up Rubio.
Too bad you and your colleagues didn't feel you needed to go after Lois Lerner, Hillary Clinton, et.al this vigorously!  U R a hypocrite!
Would u?  We're there options on the table for Lois Lerner or HRC support guy?  They tool the fifth and nothing happened to them.
Where were these options when Hillary deleted over 30k emails!!!  Pathetic
You finally went to work, look at that
Please follow the facts wherever they lead. That is your job!
Stop this madness Rubio! I support you but put things in perspective. Focus on real not shadows of no substance
Tough talk, Marco.
Marco the tough guy who folds like a cheap suit
Lock him up, lock him up!!!!
All options should have been on the table for a long time! You have not shouldered your responsibility to your constituents!!!
Marco I hope you start actually doing something and stop wasting time on this BS witch hunt!  Stand up to the DNC.
Severely disappointed in you. You are becoming John McCain 2.0.Please stop trying to appease Dems & get behind OUR President
#obstructionofjustice I hope you and your fellow Senators dump the liar in the White House.
He better watch the undertow it pulls in others.
I hope you explain the million $ super PAC you received last year from Russia
Marco...our favorite dem-pawn.
Surely Flynn can plead the 5th with no consequences just as Susan Rice, Loretta Lynch and Valerie Jarrett did.
If we tell Flynn his king will be impeached probably he will give the documents easily.
U better Back Our @POTUS ! We're sick of "Our Party" Abandoning Americans after every election ! 
We Elected Trump,Not U or the others
#MAGA
Yeah ... right.
I wouldn't go kick ass against FLYNN Cause u guys might get your asses kicked..NOV8Map doesn't blame him for avoiding No Supporters of Trump
