You made me proud to be a Floridian today thank you
Marco! This is a witch hunt. I support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and unless this is to investigate HRC, BHO, et al, I don't support it.
Unless #Mueller demands the DNC server and has a thorough forensic exam done, this entire endeavor is a dog and pony show.
It already is
You're probably right.
Dems and McCain, deep State are working to overturn a legitimate election - this is subversion IMO . Ppls eyes are wide open.
@batterman_terri Am also hopeful but leary,they always find something so it seems Also LIKE Umake clear its Russia's influence on election
ABSOLUTELY a perfect choice
#WednesdayWisdom 
TY for doing everything
within your power on these
investigations
My statement on appointment of special counsel: 
 Hey @marcorubio 
Learn the law before you run your mouth. Special Council isn't a legal avenue without crimes proven to be committed.
*slow clap*
Praying the appointment of
Robert Mueller WILL
get to the TRUTH ASAP
+ House/Senate/FBI
continue their investigations
at same time
Well said Curtis.
a little late. you stuck with the gop mob against it.  who cares now. suck up
We are glad DOJ made this move if we had to rely on you snd Your GOP friends we would get nothing but a whitewash.
You didn't support this until it happened. Such courage!
.What else is he suppose to do? Its done deal no amount of disagreements will chg that So quick to judge Remember He heard things we did not
Lil Marco- you strike me as the kind of guy that says after a big Powerball lottery, "damn those were the same 6 numbers I was going to play
there is nothing to investigate. Crooked Hill lost for that reason, crooked, treasonistic, greedy crooked Hill. Pay for play is out of cash.
Thank you Senator Rubio! You will always have this families support!
GOP stood by while obama and Clinton lied and people died. Now u stand by and let Dems do what they want. GOP r cowards.
you need to grow a pair and stand with pres trump!
You have jumped into the swamp!!
Why special council when there is no crime?
and what;s to prevent, (REP, i presume),Senate Investigating Committee from IMPEDING the Special Investigator? TWO diff conclusions=FAKENEWS
So now you comment after a special counsel was appointed!!
#abouttimebutalittletoolate
Of course now only after someone else acted you act like you are on board and support. I still remember you DID NOTHING! Grow a spine.
YOU ARE SO WRONG - ADD OTHER INVESTIGATIONS - WHY DON'T YOU DO WHAT IS RIGHT?????
you need to get out of politics as you are a bought and paid for shill
My advise is the gop better be careful and not piss off 60 million voters more than you already have.
Action is what you need to demonstrate. Been lacking lately.
Finally we agree on something
Yes, must happen expeditiously! The deep state and left are destroying our republic and constitution for their covet of power.
So, if it "Should in no way impede (Rep) investigation", what happens when YOU guys come up w a diff conclusion? I'll tell u what, FAKENEWS!
A Special Counsel was NOT necessary! You must show more support for Pres.Trump or I will NOT vote for you again!
.I understand we hve laws & ways of doing things BUT WHY was this not done to Obama AND OR Hillary?! They are above the law?!
Start behaving like a Conservative and stand behind Donald Trump!!  You will NOT be reelected if you don't!
My Question is this-How can they-Dems-Get/Appoint A Special Prosecutor but you Republicans couldn't get one for HRC investigations? 
You have Control up there! This is same crap like last 8 YEARS!!
Thank you for your input on this appointment.
You spelled counsel correctly.  At least you have that going for you.
Will you be looking at the Pope's open interference, and Obama openly inviting undocumented people on tv to vote?
Why didn't you push for a special counsel to investigate the deleted Clinton e-mails?
Robert Mueller will do the job you FAILED to do. I've called your office daily...lines busy. You represent Trump...not your constituents.
Now you suddenly have a spine?! The end of your term can't come fast enough.
However, you were completely silent on the issue up until now. Coward.
Better late than never I guess. We have lost confidence in the GOP ruled House and Senate that the truth will surface there.
Finally you make a stmt. Even if u aren't involved, you are gutless and will never be President.
How about you grow stones and stand up to trump
And your support for our President is a shame.
it took the last s.p., on the Iran Contra shit, SIX yrs to complete
You quote alot of religious beliefs  now start in loyalty
Why don't you republicans support our president. Dems supported obama no matter what he did. Trump did not do anything wrong. Russia hoax
Porque no das la cara?
Ha ha ha ha why do you think we care what you think, your really not that important....inflated ego or what
Oh get a life
Hey Slappy, any chance you'll choose country over party at any point. Asking for a friend....
I thoroughly agree. Thank you from 34471.
So many words for a whole lot of nothing. #SAYNoThing Again
You and your pals only care about your agendas, and were willing to let him run amuck - your concern for ALL and Country is a little late.
Where was the special prosecuter for Obama
And what took you so long to agree on anything to do with Trump
Mr Rubio u were sent back & given a 2nd chance support Trump or we have someone else to replace u & promised money to do it with no 3rdchanc
Give me a break! Grow a pair. Step into the 'right' side of history you dumbo.
Mr Rubio I voted for u I campaigned for Trump if u talk about him badly or don't help him w/ HIS agenda I will campaign against u HUGELY
Thanks @marcorubio you have a place in heaven for your concern with the people in need, can't find the words for my gratitude!!!!!
Stop playing this as a win. If you wanted to act like you're doing something in Washington, you should have done something. #brevarddems
Dear Marco. Take this as a lesson, act for your constituents,  not for greed and false pride. Even the mighty can fall.
Nobody cares about your statement because your doing crap for your constituents! When Trump goes you go!
Here's a statement. Total BS FOR THE GOP to NOT defend Trump and entertain such waste. 8 yrs of much worse with Obama and nothing like this.

Too bad you didn't have the guts to call for a specia counsel before it happened. Profile in courage you are not. Thanks for nothing!
Wow you went way out on that limb after someone else stepped up to save our democracy. Such courage. Such integrity. Not.
#ObstructionofJustice
#AbuseofPower
#Impeachment
Stop hiding.
Traitor.
Nothing like distance Little Marco.
Marco, your opportunity to show leadership was the last 2+ weeks. You took the coward way & stood with the GOP agenda of party over country
Why couldn't you get ahead of this before today?
Thank you "little Marco"
Get off your ass and support this president.  Or you will never get my vote again.  100 % hearsay and innuendo.  Don't be a disappointment !
appearing to take credit for something you had nothing to do with.
Always the bridesmaid...  Never the Bride, poor Marco 
#waronvoters I won't forget @marcorubio spineless R's cave again.u will never get my vote.
Russian interference in our elections must never happen ever again. Russia and Putin proved not to be our friends for this action.
Just get the investigation over. Move ON
You need to push the Republicans to begin an open government and stop protecting a liar.
I don't understand why are there three investigations into the same matter? #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
One investigation that you didn't care to have happen or not happen. Thanks for nothing.

Could not agree more!  Appreciate your candor, statesmanship and overall leadership! Rubio 2020!!!!
Marco "jelly spine" Rubio, the nothing doer. Sit down and shut up sir, you're useless.
Too late Marco
Ah, Marco, you could have been.... 
Brave
Patriotic
Truthful
Honest
Representative of your constituents
But no, you have chosen #Trumprussia
the only use u r to me is that u will mostly not vote along dem party lines...
Who cares what you have to say? You lost to DT then started kissing his ass.
Blah blah blah, statement statement statement... generalized positive hopes and thumbs up. Thanks for wasting our time with insincerity.
When will u call for S/C for hillarys email, unmasking and other high crimes currently not being fully investigated b/c of dem resistance.
Open your eyes George. Trump is brainwashing you as much as msm tries to. There is a reason ppl like you are called coolaid drinkers.
My statement on your statement, face your constituents!!
Well said
Your a snake!!!!
asked 'Comeys firing didn't effect any um investigations did it?' You wouldn't even say Russian. This is why we needed Mueller.
How you going to investigate the Russians without "the Russians" . . .
Better have backup: Trump can not only fire Rosenstein, he can also fire the Special Counsel
Glad you support this. But it happened no thanks to you, so don't try to take credit for it happening. You talk big and do little.
Are you worried that Donald's tax plan will be designed specifically to help him avoid personal taxes for unknown business dealings?
Lil' Marco still skirting the fenceline. Lack of backbone is the reason us Floridians will discard you like a used diaper in 2018!
Your just happy because this relieves pressure on your silence.
Thank you Senator Rubio.
Peep, Peep says Sen. Rubio now, He has voted the Trump party line on every  horrible cabinet appt & healthcare. He has failed FL and USA!
Why would Sen Rubio jump off the "Trump Train" & take the bus now? Because the next stop is "Grand Jury Station".
AG was involved in the firing of FBI Head AG recused himself from the investigation HE IS INCOMPETENT HE IS COMPLICIT HE SHOULD BE DISMISSED
Thank you Marco! So upset over the Fake news taking up serious issues!
Thank you senator
Who cares what you say. You think the Dems and MSM care. You think Trump supporters care. Bloviate some more like the other cowardly GOPers
"For the sake of the country"! And Don's only been in office about 4 months.
Thanks Senator. Think it freaks ppl out that BOTH parties applaud this move.
Where was your backbone this morning? You missed the train.
@marcorubio is a coward!! Never stood up to demand or support an independent investigation! But now that it's happening he's on-board! #weak
Stupendous valor out of you, Marco!
I'm going to run against you. Buckle up
A day late and a dollar short, as usual.
We all hope this will be over soon one way or the other
Another politician who admits that he can't do the job he was elected to do. Never seen so many R's jump on board with the D's. Sickening
REALLY??? Too bad you didn't SAY THAT MONTHS AGO AS YOUR CONSTITUENTS WERE BEGGING YOU TO DO!!! Too little... too late! Little Marco!!
Please don't abandon the president
Who appointed this and paying for it?
What a waste of money and time! Special counsel will spend months and millions to come up with nothing. Then he'll be accused of collusion
You don't get to hide behind other's actions. Why did YOU not call for independent investigation? #betray #trumprussia #countrybeforeparty
How very big of you to now sing the praises of the Special Counsel. A little late to the party Marco #HistoryIsWatching
You did NOTHING. you failed at your leadership test
You backed Trump,  supported him and propped him up. Voted for his plans. That stink will not wash out. OWN YOUR VOTE.
Just another establishment hack.  Hope you dont think you'll be getting support from the voters that busted their a$$ to get Trump elected
Who gives a shit what you think, you milquetoast intellectual bantamweight?
Marco you're a bit late to the party  Republicans heading to the exits  Don't get left behind #trumpimpeachment #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You and me both brother!
Hey clown.  Say goodbye to the GOP. U fools crapped on the voters & sided with the Dems. Like always.  There goes the base. Good luck u rat
Can you all just impeach trump already?
Now, democrat scoundrels...shut your %&#@^&¥ mouths.
Shouldn't you be quoting scripture?
Wonderful.  Are you trying to take credit for this after deafening silence all week Or was this what your tweeted prayer was about? Ironic!
Why do Republicans eat their own? Why have Congressional Republicans not given the Democrats the finger just like they did to you for years.
Sir Many people love Donald Trump.  Tell me why a special investigator wasn't appointed for Hillary and Obama.
How about we  "expeditiously" save our democracy instead of playing silly partisan games?
Why oh why do Republicans always go along with the Dems but never insist for the same when it is the other side? No special counsel for HRC.
Just about everyone is saying great things about him...yet @NancyPelosi is still not happy...
Hypocritical twit.
Too late for you Marco. Sorry
Marco, I have to ask...did David Koch approve this message?
Of course he did. Lil Marco does nothing unless his lobbyists/handlers say to. He certainly doesn't give a flying f**k about constituents.
I'm one of them and no, he careth not. We ain't got the cash.
I'm one as well. Thank goodness for Nelson!  That is a principled man!
Dear God will U people tell us exactly how the Russians interferd in the election, there is no way they changed vote or influenced people.
Country over party, @marcorubio
Trying to save ass won't work.
Special prosecutor***
So tough after the fact Marco. Your constituents are looking for true leadership against Trump . Can you step up Marco??
Independent?  
Professional? 
Worked for Comey, threatened John Ashcroft.
Just end Congressional inquiry into Russia @marcorubio. We have #RobertMueller now. Inform your friends to stop wasting tax $ and time on it
Thank you Senator Rubio! Glad to hear the Intel Committee will continue its work too.
Plz b quiet...if u guys had any backbone ..u would have told dems to pound sound..how many spec proc.did we have with irs scandal?
You are a coward for not raising your voice in support until the decision was out of your hands. You WILL NOT be elected again!
Marco is too afraid to be an influential politician. He is a nice person though and will do his part to fix this mess.
I believe the same was said about Comey, and we know thats to true!
Have you heard of a thing called a "spine"?

Too many investigations and no time for healthcare and tax reform.  Sad!
Support #mypresident :-) Donaldjtrump @POTUS
Thank you Marco!
Big talker after the fact.
No thanks to the Republicians!
It is my hope that congress will start acting like grown ups again. You're all making us an international laughing stock.
