why should US taxpayers pay for a damn wall?
Paying for the way will be cheaper than the alternative of more on govt dependence (health care, schools, welfare)
here's a thought...  fly over walls. Most illegal immigrants are here on expired visas.
but let's advocate for billions to build a wall and not make a dent in the number of people here illegally.
very ignorant head in sand mentality. We in Texas know how thousand flow in illegally on foot.
I'm ignorant? You're arguing against data that says most illegals are here on expired visas.
anyone advocating for open borders is mentally & ideologically bankrupt.
because my opposition to a wall means I advocate for open borders? Fallacy of logic you have there
you're worried about the U.N.!? Have you seen who's in the White House? Trump said "America's not so innocent." Bannon...
Obama said the same thing for 8 years...
he implied American leadership was morally equivalent to Putin having journalists and others killed?
Obama implied that for 8 years. Remember the apology tour?
no: http://www.cnn.com/2012/10/23/politics/fact-check-apology-tour/ …
Butt people were furious that O. thought the US might have some flaws. But it's ok for trump to say this?
nobody said it was okay but if you want critical of Obama don't be critical of trump
well that was my point, that it's not ok. You responded with Obama did it too. I don't think acceptable behavior is relative.
I was pointing out that Obama did do it and the people that thought that was right thinks this is wrong
Why should US taxpayers fun @realDonaldTrump's Trump Tower security??
because he is your President
He is a billionaire who could easily afford it himself to save you and me money.
Meanwhile he won't pay taxes like we do, and he keeps saying America is as bad as Russia
He doesn't care about us at all. He just wants power and fame and more money.
Ok....That's an opinion...he had fame and power way before becoming president
Maybe we need to listen to U.N. as opposed to turning them away. U.S. has HIGHEST incarceration rate in the world. Rediculous!
@augustogarz @WSJ why should US taxpayers fund politicians running for office while in office? #mindblown #USPolitics #waitwhat
Sen. Franken is speaking RIGHT NOW to congress about why #BetsyDeVos is unqualified for the position. Are you even there???
he's already bought and paid for by DeVos. All 7 of his voice mailboxes are full or not taking calls.
I'm still holding out hope! Let's go Marco! Ayudanos! Tenemos que desconfirmas #BetsyDeVos
I really hope Rubio pulls through for the people he represents. @SenBillNelson is! #noDevos
c'mon Marco. #noDevos !!! Si se puede!!!
Did you study global diplomacy. Doesn't seem like it.  The only Anti-semitism and anti American is in our White House. Go home.
Ah because we violate other countries, and allow Israel to do whatever it wants. Why do we fund Israel?
Hello Senator Rubio, what are your thoughts about the UN report that is accusing Israel of Apartheid against the Palestinians?
Dissolve Our (USA) relationship with, and end American financial support of the @UN now! @POTUS
yes. 21% sounds steep, but lets focus on tommorow and the American education system. Ok? Please?
.@marcorubio Calling Israel on its war crimes is not anti-semitic, it's a humanitarian issue. Don't be part of intentional misinformation.
Why should I pay Federal Taxes if I don't like what the Federal Government is doing?
.@marcorubio @WSJ Why should US taxpayers fund a $25 Billion "security" measure that can be defeated with a ladder?
To be fair, as long as they can't bring their horses we're safe. (horses-actual reason great wall was built)
We shouldn’t, period!
anti-American is the POTUS that puts Russia first.
YES>YES:YES. How else can we say it.  UN is essential to the security of our country.  America represent at least 21% of economy
Cause it's cheaper then the WALL!
you're really trying to talk about anti-Semitism when you support Trump and President Bannon? For real?
Why should US taxpayers fund 100% of president visits to Mar-a-lago when it is his business that reaps the profit?
say what?    His business?
why should the US tax payer pay for a wall when most people arrive by plane?
drugs come in NOT by plane.    Why do most other countries have walls?
most other countries?  Please show me where you got that fun fact.
just google countries.    Mexico, Israel, Switzerland..... To start
Spain, Greece/Turkey, Russia, Northern Ireland. Etc
None of those have their entire boarder walled off. You think the majority of boarders on earth are walled?
bc the US is a permanent member of Sec. Council. Bc created to prevent WWIII.
then why did US just call an emergency meeting re NKorea missle launch? Because we need solidarity w/ allies!
our new president seems anti american cuddling putin and berating america lived thru 11 presidents and am disgraced to hear
The UN is anti American? Do you even know what that means? Your comment is too rich. Get yourself out of debt.
they shouldn't! Thankfully Nikki will whoop some UN ass!
Why should the people who pay Federal Income tax for your wall when the President pays Zero Federal Income tax
Ralph.  45.3% of american households pay no income tax.  Sounds like we are the ones carrying a huge load.
why do you support Trump when he demonstrates the exact same characteristics? #impeach
you don't get to argue what taxpayers should pay for until you tell your boss to pay for his own wall! #NoBanNoWall
why should the taxpayer fund @POTUS golf trips, lifestyle for @FLOTUS instead of supporting social services? #RESIST
The UN has 193 member nations...and the US pays 21%....and even more on the security end.  I'm sick of it.
Our NATO allies need to pay their fare share too. Been getting a free ride for too long.
Absolutely agree 100%!
It is in the USA's interest for a Stable World. The UN helps. That's more important than a popularity contest. Wise up.
why should we pay your salary if your not doing your job?
@KatiePavlich @WSJ 1/192 of budget is acceptable.
Do you mean like the WH these days? I've heard more anti-Semitic and anti-American things coming from our #POTUS.
Because if the US wants to be a global power, it needs to behave like one. That includes taking up responsibility.
At the cost of $20T in debt.  We can't afford it.  Go back to school.
hold a town hall & ask this question to a live audience. I'm sure your constituents would love to chat MT @IndivisibleFll
Well, if we can have a president that doesn't pay taxes make policy, we can support human rights.
We founded the UN. We should be open to hearing what we don't agree with. What, you want everyone to just be our puppets?
why should the rest of the U.N. fund 79% to an increasingly hostile U.S. w/a new "dictator" hell-bent on waging war w/the world?
how can you support an anti-Semitic white house?
those who frame the questions win the debate.
who was it that just made an impassioned speech in favor of open and civil debate?
that'll open up the gap for China and Russia . There's a reason for NATO Mr.Rubio
.@marcorubio @WSJ Probably because the US accounts for 20ish percent of global GDP.
we should not!!!
Be careful of short-term thinking. We need to have a pre-eminent role in UN. That means we pay for it.
You helped install an anti-semitism in the white house who are undermining the most fundamental US values, eg: due process
Criticizing Israel is not automatically anti-semetic.  Why are you defending the stealing of homes and farmland?
Because when we aren't at the table advancing our values, it gets even worse. Case in point from personal experience: UNESCO
because collective security has a better track record of sustainable peace compared. What % of global economy is the USA?
Taking issues with the policies of the nation of Israel is not the same as anti-semitism.
WHY DOES ILLEGAL NUCLEAR ISRAEL IN THE (PATRIOT ACT) HAVE TOTAL IMUNITY FOR ANY INVOLVEMENT IN 911/WTC.WRITEN BY ISRAEL CHERTOFF
SAME WITH ILLEGAL NUCLEAR ISRAEL AID OVER TRILLION, PLUS 13 BILLION PER YEAR FOR THE NEXT 10YRS (130 BILLION).
just let them know the going rate for a US Senator is $100K.
We shouldn't !
Why don't we ask the UN to move out of the US. They can be anti-American in Bangladesh or wherever.
you right cancel the support
When are you having a town hall meeting so we, your constituents, can meet with you to ask questions? #DemandMarcoRubioTownhall
More BS. Let's put an imbecile in the dept of education, a racist in the AG seat, next a polluter in the EPA, and more to come.
I am complete agreement Senator Rubio...time to move the UN to Greenland..
cut the funds! Don't give my tax dollars that I worked my ass off for to those globalist scumbags!
Are you Nuts??
@Republikim1 @WSJ
WE SHOULD NOT FUND THE UN WHATSOEVER, THEY ARE ANTI-AMERICAN, ANTI-ISRAEL, AND IT IS TIME FOR THEM TO LEAVE OUR COUNTRY,

You forgot TERRORISM!
we should not -
please say no. Ask if they are still relevant?
I mean I'm paying more than that as a taxpayer to the current government which supports both of those things and worse so...
Wow @marcorubio I'm happy to see you making a good point for a change. @erotao @WSJ
Calling out isreal on illegal settlements is not antisemitic. Stop holding Netanyahu dick.
Do you understand the difference between antisemitism and wanting Israel to stop its unlawful actions? One is a nation.
Why the he'll do we have to explain this to you? You really are dumber than a fifth grader.
shuttt upppp little Marco. You care more about Israel than education in America. I don't want to hear about Israel all day!
Marco Rubio you are a liar, a fraud, and a sellout. Shame on you!
The US out of the UN & the UN out of the US. @realDonaldTrump @VP @Reince @jaredkushner @seanhannity @DanScavino
Why should the American taxpayers fund a "southern border wall" - it should be put to a vote by the people.
Why should we fund refugees and illegals in this country? We the people await your answer.
Why should we fund Syrian terrorist to overthrow their legitimately elected president Assad?
As anti-semitic as the WH statement on #HolocaustMemorialDay that neglected to mention Jews?
Why would a Senator vote for Sessions who is the same way?
You cannot even expect a single one of us to take this seriously. #hypocite beyond all hypocrites #Castrolover
kick the UN out!
Maybe the DeVos family can pick-up the slack?
Our @WhiteHouse is increasingly a forum for anti-semitism and anti-Americanism! Start with @POTUS Same with incivility! Turtle!
Exactly
Why support UN? Stan Lee tells us,  "With great power comes great responsibility." We have a responsibility to peace.
@POTUS makes anti-Semitic remarks America First. do you chastise him?Shame on u for not standing up to him on Holocaust Mem Day
@KatiePavlich @WSJ.  They shouldn't fund that!!!
Your sexist and disgraceful behavior towards Warren is noted.  #voteoutrubio
It shouldn't.
Funding the UN is a lot cheaper than war.  If US thinks it is leading nation in world it has to stay engaged with world.
Why is a white supremacist in the White House with YOUR support?
We  support you  and  I  absolutely agree with you on this.Keep up the  good  work
You should support the president Rubio. He's the one wanting change. Don't campaign & still take money from dangerous Soros!
Republicans are the most anti-American of all! It's a war on democracy trying to silence anyone opposing your views.
You've got a Nazi on the NSC now, so will you do something about that anti-semitism? #StopPresidentBannon #shameonRepublicans
wow! u think UN is anti-semitic... look around @the ILK YOU 'hang with' and laff AT YOUR so called legacy!!! whatta dip u r!
stop with your stupid! UN is an important institution!!! fully fund! +horrible cabinet monsters, YOU own this horrible history!
Why did you allow DeVos to buy your vote?  $101,300. . . I will personally campaign against you in 2018.
I agree. I also think the UN needs to move out of the US, Jerusalem maybe?
the UN has been a thorn in our  side for far to long time to remove it
606-864-2026 Mitch McConnell deserves to hear your thoughts regarding Jeff Sessions as nominee for Attorney General.
.@marcorubio @WSJ well you tell us! how that 21% can buy influence the same way DeVos family bought theirs from you? @jeffjarvis
defund the UN
we should fund ZERO percent. The UN is a farce.
We shouldn't. #UNexit
Give them $5 and a pat on the head.
Yes, Why? And why take money from George Soros?? He is a traitor.Indict him and put him away. He is dangerous.
@politicalelle @WSJ I want to see his tin cup, where is it.
Really? No, really? Because world peace and stability mean nothing to you and your shallow colleagues?
Why won't your colleagues acknowledge that the Holocaust was aimed at Jews?
Pay to Play: Marco Rubio took almost $100,000 from Betsy DeVos' family before confirming her today.
because it's vital to our interest
Get out of the UN. Worthless globalists.
The UN has some Shady things like this
Plus the fact some shady things seem to leak out about them now & then....
Why should 16% of the federal budget (discretionary and mandatory) go to the ever growing military complex?
Maybe DeVos has some$ left over after buying your vote to chip in for UN.
UN does what you US wants.  Where were you when Senators were saying derogatory things about the president.  #RevisionistHistory

Why should someone that opposed @realDonaldTrump now support him? Oh, right money and fear. Pathetic.
What duplicity ! Your @GOP and your president tacitly support white fascists, and neo nazis and you're calling UN Anti Semitic ?
Q.what are you gonna do with that $ 101K. bribe from Devos???
Rubio took $100,000 in campaign donations from DeVos. You sold out! And you called Trump the conman! #devos
Why should we fund a useless wall?
Why do you worry, Marco Rubio? Aren't you following @realDonaldTrump and not paying taxes? He doesn't care. Do you?
Because the UN isn't about coddling us or Israel, it's about doing what's best for everybody
no more money for UN leftist and Islamists
So $98,300 is the price for your vote? Betsy DeVos?  Shame on you!
no.refund the un
Why should US taxpayers fund Secret Service room/board for the president's sons' business trips? or a useless wall?
just like you confirmed DeVos after getting her $. U always vote with Trump
you know what fosters antisemitism? This entire administration you keep voting through. You don't seem to really care
why should the debate vote to destroy public education and put an incompetent socialite in charge of it?
Why should taxpayers fund a wall? Reasons for funding the UN make more sense than ANY proposed reasons for funding a wall.
exactly!
where your tweet about #devosvote #sellout #growapair #despicable
why should america trust in you when you're bought by billionaires?
Marco you embarrass all of FL and disgrace your nation
I can say this with confidence as both a Jew and a human being with an actual moral compass.
Marco took a $100, 000 bribe to vote for Devos, Marco is a criminal
If you don't get it-rejecting harmful racist policies isn't antisemitism, refusing to acknowledge the Holocaust targeted Jews is
http://slate.me/2kQtr9F  Maybe before condemning the UN, you should start condemning the antisemitism happening here at home?
Being a super power means you help others around the world and don't ask for anything in return. China will take our place.
Leave the UN, unless the organization is totally revamped.
Our President sounds Islamaphobic and uncompromising...and shame on you for supporting behavior.
we absolutely should with draw funds. From hideous policies to parking tickets. I say enough!
Because It's the UN. Like NATO,it serves a purpose. Communism is kept in Check for the Free World. Be American for Once!
um, the Trump administration and the @GOP are increasingly a forum for anti-Semitism & anti-Americanism. Pot. Kettle.
stop throwing good money after bad
why should we fund your salary when you don't represent us, Broward and Miami/Dade! For shame!
Could it be bc US has more problems abroad that needed support fr thses countries? Just saying... especially now
why should US taxpayers fund your salary when you don't represent us?
I just scrolled down the whole conversation stream looking for a reply. I didn't see any. Don't any of you have $5400?
Stop the lunacy. No more support of UN NOW! Maybes-enlist in future. Everything they do is anti-USA. Evict them.
only IF we exercise our voice to move the UN to work as they were intended, not as they did develop because no opposition
You should be ashamed of yourself! http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/marco-rubio-took-almost-100-000-from-betsy-devos-family-before-confirming-her-today-9123691 …
I wish you would call out the anti-semitism & racism in your own party first! It is most dangerous to our country.
Hell NO!  It kills me that is even a question. 
Why should US taxpayers fund your salary when you accepted 100k in BRIBES to confirm an entirely unqualified HACK as Ed Secty?!
and pro Cuba!
@SenRubioPress @WSJ Why should we continue to cut taxes for the oligarchs and conglomerates other than they serve you well?
you are exactly right. It shouldn't happen
I say cut the funding. Not our stick to whittle!
why should tax payers deal with cabinet picks that only were appointed for lining your pockets? Shame
Empty your v/m-box Senator.  Come on out from under your desk and hear from your constituents.  OK, have a drink of water first.
Don't fund, just Take US out of the UN.  Condemn the UN Building in NYC make it available to pay down the National Debt.
the best idea in a long time
