What did you give up for Lent?
town halls
There is difference between a townhall and an ambush. @marcorubio
I'm sorry he's my representative and he's hiding from his constituents that's not an ambush it's democracy
He's mine too. He was smart enough to avoid a hastily manufactured town hall thats only intention was to attack him. @marcorubio
how was it manufactured if it's his constituents
He knew who orchestrated the town hall. They were a hostile group of protestors.  http://miami.cbslocal.com/2017/02/23/i-wasnt-invited-rubio-backlash-town-hall/ … @marcorubio
any damn well better listen to us
did you hear about jeffy
he's going to put his finger in the ears and go lalalalala
yeah we're paid protestors
lol I know and he has to hide from us
being Christian means being inclusive and loving, not divisive and hateful. Spread that message, please.
WHAT WOULD JESUS DO..?? not take affordable health care away from millions..
Don't forget the secular Americans.
really kind of hard when you're a hypocritical Christian
remember to honor separation of Church and State
how can you call your self a man of God and yet spread hate with Trump
Pfffddtttt! Are u fucking kidding me? Jesus just had a bad weekend! Some kids suffer for years.
remember the poor souls on D Day and their sacrifice to protect freedom. Putin better leader than Obama. Bombed Hospitals Syria.
how about for lent, you give up avoiding the people of your state!?! And you know..BE A REPRESENTATIVE, not just a caddy for GOP
I don't do that day.  But I do other days.The Oregon Bakery tonight, shown on @TuckerCarlson, is a perfect example, of advocate.
#AshWednesday an ideal day to fast
#Jesus was for love and acceptance, #RealChristianity
That includes being honest and truthful. All I see you doing is dodging important issuers. Sad
Amen...if only ur pothus understood the sacrifice. Stay on the righteous path Marco, don't allow Trump to drag u under!
really? Whose teachings are u following?
ACT LIKE A CHRISTIAN AND HELP THOSE DESPERATE FOR AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE PLEASE
A wonderful time of repentance and prayer
You should be praying for redemption for the votes you have made to destroy America recently.
Please God have mercy on our seniors who face a gradual death due to Repeal ACA. There are 44 nations providing health care 4all
Why don't you follow his lead and make a few yourself? For the sake of the public trust, call for an independent investigation.
Oh Marco don't be such a hypocrite! I used to admire your work, now I don't
When you express the first ammendment on twitter, but get harassed because you're a rep. and nobody understands the constitution
Happened to me!!!
Good time to remember, "...I was a stranger and you welcomed me.” Oh, my bad...those were just His WORDS, not "His sacrifices".
like accepting immigrants, taking care of women & kids- not separating them, giving healthcare to old and sick.
Seeing Rubio gave up credibility for Lent with his Trump dealings. Can't have it both ways Marco, unless that photo is real.
you are no more a Christian that the computer I type this on, who do you think you are kidding?
How do you reconcile selling out children with special needs for 100 k with the message of our Lord and Savior? Just curious?
You are such a liar.
are you giving up bribes for Lent?
pray for your lying self.
excuse me, but don't bring Jesus into this...YOU are USING his name for lies,and dishonesty.
- gave up your seat?
Maybe you could also call to all your criminal coworkers to stop lying, cheating and deceiving the American people. Ya, thanks!
we will pray that you wake up and #ImpeachTrump
@ConnectCatholic A Trump lover.. Trump goes against the Lords teachings.
you should be ashamed even saying Jesus name because you support Trump a hateful racist and liar! Jesus would never accept you!
why are getting on the dimms wagon with Sessions?
You are getting very low grades boy
have a blessed Lent
why don't you give up your paid health insurance for lent?  then you can see what the rest of us are faced with.
Jesus wouldn't throw Sessions under the bus. Grow a backbone.
Senator Rubio - I agree with you and others who express ideas like you!
Don't forget to follow through, @marcorubio.
you are a coward I must say I thought you was better than that brown skin man
I thought u was against Russia for messing with our election the dems will be in power again u all are making it easy for them
tell Sessions to step away an step down this will hurt you an republicans the truth will come out because GOD said so
God bless America and those that bravely defend it, regardless of personal gain
@gop @senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch @mike_pence @gop Thou shalt not lie.
You should give up hiding from your constituents and actually working for us. That would be tough but good sacrifice for lint
Faux Christian's verbal prostrations ring hollow in God's ears:
https://twitter.com/seanmdav/status/837322770526666753 …
to be called a Christian you have to practice what Jesus preached and not be all show and no go
How about you focus on addressing your constituents before endorsing a religion with your official Twitter account?
hypocrite; from zipcode 33570
Judas
do you know that lying is a sin? do you know that hypocrisy is a sin? Less praying and more integrity would be appreciated.
John 15:13 There is no Greater love then to lay down ones for his friends. TY Senator for laying down your life to serve us 
give up lying for lent
as Christians we must cherish truth. Please seek out truth and do not but your party ahead of Christ who is the truth!
Jesus gives us strength and courage. Stand up and face the town hall meeting crowds. Don't appear weak in the face of adversity
thought shall not lie to the Senate!  Please tell the AG to resign!
good separation of church and State. Founding Fathers would be so proud.
Jesus is a great example of integrity over self preservation. Someone you could learn from.Choose your Country over partisanship
you know I'm a Christian and Ash Weds & Lent aren't actually part my churches beliefs. Just letting you know.
tax churches now . Pray to God to deliver you from hell. Because your party is not Christian at all.
By golly, that is a great idea.  For Lent, I want to give up Jeff Sessions heading up the investigation of contacts w Russia.
I suggest you give up willful ignorance for Lent. Demand investigation into Russian ties & to see 45's taxes.
you need to do right and force SESSIONS out!! Shameful all of you!
@SenRubioPress sir how can you tolerate all lies coming from Trump. Lies lies lies. He should be impeached
@SenRubioPress Sir our AG lied under oath punishable under law 20 years in prison. He should be impeached
Can we also call to mind the numerous other religions practiced around the world where people have suffered and made sacrifices?
When you run for president we will remember that you ran away from your constituents. If you can't stand the heat.....
you need to do your job! Investigate @realDonaldTrump for ties to Russia! We know Sessions lied under oath!
hey Marco. What if you lost the primaries bc of Russia. You could have been president. Do something! You lost FL!
we prayGods direction for all who know Him and serve this great nation.
how about you join Americans in demanding an objective investigation into Russian ties? #Trumprussia
are you going to hide from the real issues at hand? Stop being a coward.
why won't you empty your voicemail so I can leave a message
such a shallow man, now going after evangelicals, we will not vote for you
u should ask God to give you the guts to stand up to Russia/trump #IndependentInvestigation #russiagate . Where's Marco?
@SenRubioPress Your AG lied under oath, an oath he made to your Christian god, but your ok with that. Hypocrite
amen
Rome is burning Sir!  Stay safe in your church!
if Jesus came here today you'd say he came here illegally and needed to be deported.
so sorry you have to find new office in Tampa Dems do anything to interfere with Repub resolve abd accomplishment. Stay focused
how about meeting with reg peeps or is that not Christian enough?
Jeff Seesions turns out that he lied to congress, what is that called? Oh yeah, PERJURY, but let us look the other way
you are a hypocrite
perhaps as part of Lent you will pay more attn to Pope Paul than Pres Trump.
But America First. Like #Jesus said.
Put Jesus down and do your job.
praying for you and your colleagues and our POTUS.
are you praying for this administration to be honest? pray harder, man. you've already lost Sessions. Distance yourself
ahem.... sep of church & state. If you believe a sky god impregnated a married virgin be my guest but keep it out of government
the Pope would consider you a hypocrite as does most of America
#I pray that you have more courage to stand up for Christian values#To fight the Trump anti-Christ
oh yeah and be a good Christian senator for all constituents both Dems and Reps. Answer your emails and hold a townhall
sacrifice your golden boy @GOP standing. Demand his taxes, investigate Russia ties with out liar Jeff sessions #wewantthetruth
thank you marco..it's wonderful to here you say this.
You might also want to call to mind what Jesus preached and compare it to what you practice
Dear #Marco,Lent begins with #AshWednesday,#Fasting and #Remembering that #JesusDiedForOurSins,
#JesusIsMySavior,#DoctorY
.@marcorubio judas!
saving FL & the US from the #Disgraceful "leader" & his choices would b more telling about your moral compass #bought&paid4
@billpostmus OK, Slimmer
why don't you pray for a backbone. You're a spine away from being a decent congressman.
@malibutahoe  Wonder what Jesus thinks of the tremendous debt POLITICIANS In DC have placed upon future generations?
So real Christians pray for leader Trump.
How about Sessions??
@marcorubio

#Jacksonville #Miami #Tampa #StPetersburg
#Orlando #Hialeah #Tallahassee #FortLauderdale
I join Christians in America & around the world in marking #AshWednesday.   Entering Lent, we pray & call to mind the sacrifices Jesus made.
Jesus will tell you "APARTATE DE MI" because you don't stand up for the vulnerable and Repubs don't honor human rights. EX-REPUB
Thank you for marking the day. Lent is starting really late this year!
Any comment on Sessions or nothing to say again! Come on Marco, step up be a man!
every Senator that voted yea on Sessions with an incomplete background check is now implicated.
good job backing this Russian backed regime. You showed us who you are.
amen, also pray that God gives you the strength to put country before party my man, u are one of the good ones, don't compromise
on your morals, at the end of the day, when we meet our creator, this is what really counts tu sabes de lo que te estoy hablando
instead call to mind the sacrifices GOP makes to keep that egomaniac neo-fascist, and his tiny hands, in the white house.
Trump has taught us that sacrifice means being successful in business.   Was Jesus successful in business?
Really?  If you are to be the future of the Republican Party stand up and speak up. Don't let this farce continue
cool. He didn't exist though. So it's weird you think he did.
how about giving up ass kissing the #orangeclown for 40 days...
Jesus said Do Your Job. Quit using Him as a deflection of your own inadequacy. Be humble and serve your constituents!
do your job. Call for Sessions to resign.
#firesessions
what say you to God, when you cast your vote in support of Jeff Sessions, et al, and the forthcoming  obfuscation deadly to USA?
Amen!

Video of Sessions under oath denying he had any contacts with the Russians during the campaign 
not in the bible
you concern me I don't feel you should be trusted
while your are lying about praying there's people dying ! Families been deported! Pray Rubio for the ones in needs! #shame
I can not believe you are using the name of Christ in vain !! Shame do your job remember ACA is much needed. 2018 your done.
VOTE HIM OUT!  VOTE HIM OUT!  VOTE HIM OUT!!
Unless he quits (again) we're stuck with him til 2022 
amen
Really#WWJD
@u ain't Christian .U R CORRUPTED person. A true Christian doesn't serve evil!
are you kidding me! Jesus would scold and spank you guys for this admin's rampant dishonesty and hate speech filled rhetoric
Thank you for remembering Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. May God bless you.
how about you ask for @jeffsessions resignation for lent!
how about @jeffsessions! I'm so ashamed to call my great state of Alabama home @nesimac!
LUKEWARM. I believe you are sincere, and gullible. Marco stop being persuaded by fake Christians. Read the beatitudes, please.
@TerryBelveal Amen!! GOD BLESS YOU!
btr pray for your party. Koch man.
all Wednesday's matter.
Jesus would take of the meek, the sick, and the downtrodden. You're like a Roman soldier.
Marco @marcorubio the USAG lied under oath. Would you also join your dem colleagues in requesting a special prosecutor?
can you please address the sham of government you're a part of?!
Will you stop the self righteous nonsense. You follow a leader who mocks people who r disabled and abuses women.#wwjd
You are a fake Marco.
are you giving up bullshit for Lent?
#TrumpRussia isn't even happening right, Little Marco? Big Donald is your daddy. Sit, Little Marco, sit. Good boy!
says HYPOCRITE who wants to take healthcare away from millions of Americans #Obamacare
this could kill more people than ISIS
Unfortunate you gave up your spine for Lent. Looking forward to you getting it back around Easter!
hey marco buddy, in case you havent been watching the WH is burning down, hope you are calling for sessions resignation tomorrow
Yet another Trump appointment lied Jeff Sessions. He had contact with Russian Government. Will You Support Independent Counsel
