@SenRubioPress @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald what do you think American Dad's do that are annihilated by Title IV-D and alienated.
don't worry about Benz worry about Florida
Not good--both important species
@SenRubioPress @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald beyond tragic..Thank God Hillary not in WH. Dem party has moved n2 socialist spectrum
Health care is much more important.
Your phones have no voicemail. ALL of your offices ring a lot then hang up. #NoDAPL #PlannedParenthood #NoBanNoWallNoRaids WORK
How about paying attention to your promise to FLORIDA: REPEAL OBAMACARE
who cares, our rivers and lakes, my healthcare and social security, do your damn job
Felicitaciones, mano dura con los narco-terroristas, que quieren acabar con la democr-estilo Fidel,
Felicitaciones- EEUU, Estilo Maduro, y algunos Colom, que quieren imponer Castro-Chavismo, con Coca
@cynthiamaria26 @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald 
POR  FAVOR AYUDE A VENEZUELA SR SI ESTÁ  A SU ALCANCE.  QUEREMOS VIVIR DIGNAMENTE
really? This is news worthy?
Let's talk about you growing a backbone and you being a "check" on Trump, like you said you would. DeVos? Really Marco? REALLY?
. Backbone? You ask for too much. He is into backsides only. Kissing arse is his specialty
you are just looking for votes
all these newly created accounts attacking Marco??  probably his democrat opponent fake accounts?
so very sad
@ @MiamiHerald  espero que esos no sean los "héroes" de los que habla Rex Tillerson
Now you are talking about people starving in Venezuela when EVERY Venezuelan i have met IN YOUR DISTRICT all have alot of money.
In Venezuela we don't have a lot of money. I'm still in Venezuela. He isn't talking about those Venezuelans who live in Fl.
why not? If Venezuela is so poor, how did the ones in SOUTH FLORIDA buying their way in. Trump never would have done it.
El socialismo acabo con Venezuela @richc1202 @anto_martino_
why did whomever in Venezuela let all the money out and took it to Marco Rubios south florida.They pay to play HARD!
shut up @richc1202 @anto_martino_
ahora estas aves en Vzla.  tienen a otro depredador "El hambre"
. Soon WE  may have 2 eat Republicans 2 save money on food 2 pay for medical care. Yikes
gracias por preocuparse por los venezolanos que Dios lo bendiga y lo proteja siempre
People are starving in USA too. Many FL fish are now inedible, what happens when desperate people do eat them? #dotherightthing
VENEZUELA TIERRA DE NARCOTRAFICANTES, TERRORISTAS, BLANQUEO DE DINERO, TRAFICO DE ARMAS, VIOLACION DE DH, TRAFICO
Venezuela can teach us a lot.  @POTUS and Chavez have a lot in common.  Including Twitter.
say what?

Very sad. But, I've had friends from Venezuela & other countries voice concern over Trump. Control him please.
Los venezolanos vamos de desencanto en desencanto, de frustración en frustración. Por favor, no más
..Don Rubio..I thought with the current regime you will be heading the state department!!
in la guajira border with colombia killing and buying death flamingo
No,it is GOP denying science,allowing fossil fuels to continue to pollute & kill, ignorning environmental crises.
This is great information about Venezuela. Now, how about getting our failing baby handed president impeached, Little Marco?
I'm all for wildlife but would like to live long enough to enjoy it with grndkds. #InvestigateTrump #Impeach45
no quisiera abrumarlos con declaraciones de  Muderos ppales como Henry Ramos, Capriles, Borges, Torrealba, etc
evelyn trejo, alcaldesa de Maracaibo, esposa de Manuel Rosales,UNT
¿sabía que Luis Florido es contratista del régimen?
ese mismo lamento lo han expresado los diputados Luis Florido y Freddy Guevara

agradecemos de corazón su ayuda, y rogamos q no se deje envolver por falsos "héroes" q no son tales
sepa q millones de personas en Venezuela se sienten c/ vez menos representadas p la MUD cohabitadora
la esposa de Leopoldo López, Tintori, nunca tiene suficientes palabras para elogiar tal legado
un dirigente de VP confrontando al régimen: "destruyeron el legado que construyó Hugo Chávez".
sen Rubio acaba Ud de reunirse con diputados vlanos q dicen representar a la oposición, y que dicen cosas como ésta q repitió
@MLS_402 @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald So sad! 
sad!
I don't see any mention about animals rights protection in Venezuela.
Other than the poor living environment, and hunger crisis. the animal issue seems to overshadow a global effort.
@NickBuser5 @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald FOCUS! Polticians in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
but marco it was the illuminati and price fixing on the oil market not poor central planning that caused this :^)
I have close friends who are starving in Venezuela is there nothing we can do?
If you're concerned about them going hungry, donate them the money Devos donated to your campaign!
gracias, gracias, gracias!
good thing alligator tastes like chicken.  Floridians will be living on them the way you vote!
well keep supporting Trump and we will be doing the same!
And what are you doing to help the hungry in America instead of being complicit with dishonesty and greed?
#MaduroEsColombiano y ya un grupo grande opositor venezolano no creen en los traidores de la MUD.
This is what we will be doing if we have 2 pay 4 hospital bills in stead of food. #Obamacare
If the GOP stays in power, we will soon be doing the same.
Yes, hungry people in other countries: way more important than hungry PTSD veterans on our streets
For those of us that remember Venezuela before socialism, it is just sad to see where it is today
This is what you're tweeting about. How about a town hall here in Orlando and face your constituents
.@marcorubio Thanks for your continuous support... We won't forget
I dont think you get to be trumps lackey & point the "fail" finger ant others.  You are defining failure to the people daily
Mira hasta dónde llega la desidia de este hombre,la despreocupación por todo, el abandono total.
What in the hell?? @marcorubio @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald
This is so sad.
Let's have a townhall Marco, your choice of places and times. Make sure it holds about 100,000 ppl
@Boruta666 @NicolasMaduro nuclear attack in America and London soon!!!
Another sign of republicans in power - infant mortality rate increases.
JIIJIJIJI  Marcos NO eres Mas Idiota porque Tu Madre No te pario dos días Antes  IMBÉCIL  ...
Senador el pueblo venezolano le estará eternamente agradecido por su preocupación gracias
and you take some kind of joy in this, disgusting.
@Avraham5772 @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald well done socialism
They should be given special refugee status as Cubans were given @marcorubio @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald
@estebangerbasi Genocida en pleno desarrollo x Esbirros de Maduro
Do Your Job
These once proud people were eating out of dumpsters after their rigged election.
Isn't Venezuelo one of George Soros experiments in social engineering?

#TownHall  its time. lets go.
when is your next town hall??
why don't you care about our USA rather that critiquing poor and bit up Venezuela? #shame #DoYourJob
Thank you Senator for your constant support to the democratic people of #Venezuela #WeWillPrevail
That's what socialism gets you.
Are you for real?? Let WWF worry about the Flamingos and GET TO WORK.
Please don't pretend you care! You're a sell out for the American people. If concerned use Devos $ to buy the people steak.
Flamingos, really? What about the other FL word? Flynn? Why do you hate Americans?
do something useful & get out of Trumps way, tell the same thing to the rest of the crew you like to dance around with. #Bubbles
This should be shown on EVERY college campus, backed by human rights abuse by Cuba. MAYBE sink in!
very sorry to hear that is happening in Venezuela hey Marco! Turn your attention to your job. FL USA
start listening #turnonyourphone
why did you vote for Devoss is it because he campaign donations 100k?  Are you a liar like rest?
Perhaps you can send them some Goliath Grouper.
that's probably what's going to happen to America's school children with @BetsyDeVos
@estebangerbasi @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald eso.no es hambre...es ser desgraciados.
you allowed Devos to buy your vote and integrity #corrupt #politicsbeforepeople #paytoplay
Oh my gosh!
Watch and learn. Don't make the same mistake here.
When is YOUR town hall? To chicken to have one? Bet you would get an earful from ticked off Floridians!
you should be their food
so are we doing anything to help or sitting in self righteous indignation?
can you
don't worry. You keep voting party line and you'll get us there too.
I NEED YOUR HELP AND AFTER 2 WKS U HAVE YET TO RETURN MY CALLS, NEXT ELECTION U WILL NOT GET MY VOTE
I called your office for help, 2 weeks straight, never got a return call. U think u can contact me?
get back to work and stand up against @realDonaldTrump madurate ya!
support Pres Trump, so he can help USA, dont be a fool
we will end up eating random animals if you destroy the EPA and the economy because.... ? It's what the ppl want.... FYI wrong.
U can't speak on any1s failures bc of how uve failed FL,Esp when it comes2the education of our kidsU LIED&FAILED AGAIN#DISGRACE
a real shame ... hungry and desperation around Venezuela
another failure on your part to stand up to trump today.. and when you are coming to FL to face your voters??? stop hiding
need a town hall...when?
ayuda a Vzla se mueren no hay medicias
maybe you could buy some groceries with that 100k from Devos and ship south

.   He tweets about Mafuro and can't condemn Trump for not investigating Russian intervention in elections. Sad!
what about our hungry in the US?
It's a shame the first democracy in South America has lost it democracy.
the bigest failure is you failing to support the people of Florida. Voting the Trump adgenda, huge failure.
Are you mocking the Venezuelan people for trying to survive in a dictatorship?   Answer your email!
Parrot Jungle Chop Chop
Bef. you worry about flamingos & anteaters in Venezuela, pls pay attention to your constituents & hear their voice.
3 millones están comiendo de la basura gracias a la tiranía comunista
@SenRubioPress @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald what about re-focus and save time to deal with so many failures on your own in the US
nice to see you agreeing with scientists today.
when are you going to hold a townhall to speak to your constituents? Or answer the phone? Or show up in one of your FL offices?
Terrible
What are we doing to help? @USAID ? 37 BILLION already marked in foreign aid. Most across the pond.
.@marcorubio When DJT fails since the GOP refuses so far to address his insanity, at least there's plenty of tasty alligators here in FL.
. You sold out education for $98,000.
"failure" or communism?

when are you having a town hall meeting?
Why are tweeting about Venezuela? You should be answering emails and phone calls. Do not leave me wo my health ins
you care about the environment?  Are you a rino after all? Y'all were xenophobic?
@SenRubioPress @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald And yet you support @Rep_Matt_Gaetz bill to eliminate @EPA and take Fanjul Sugar $.
You know what else is failed policy? Muslim Ban. Jeff Sessions. Betsy DeVos. #LittleMarco
How much food could $101,300 buy?
I saw your speech on the Senate floor last night about the passports being sold to radicals. Please post a video of it.
Send Socialist "progressives" in name only to Venezuela to see the Socialism end game first hand!
, Socialism at its finest.
A sign of the quality of socialism, the system clung to by Bernie Sanders. Poverty for all.
Sign of failure from you & the @GOP: an unscrupulous, lying administration. When will you stand up?
@briannagroce17 @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald such a shame, rich country with poor people. My heart goes out to them!
I really just think someone aught to just #BitchSlap rubio
way to still NOT talk to your voters. What's your price for access? Just give us a number already.
another win for socialism
Focused on flamingo's? How about representing FL citizens (oh yeah, you sold us out) #resist
truth
Kinda like the Republicans trying to kill the citizens with their new Health Care bill
Maduro hack!
Senator, come back to work: Russians, Taxes, Impeachment. GOPs need to work
That's thanks to your nice, friendly, money hungry Socialist/Communist government..
.@marcorubio Flamingos are awesome.  People shouldn't eat flamingos.  When are you doing a townhall so we can chat?
When is Bill Nelson?
Dictator needs 2 go -Help the people of Venezuela!
And the snowflakes here in cupcake nation actually WANT Venezuela's form of government here.
ahh yeah that is why the populist white nationalist gop is scaring the $&@! Out of people. Got it?
This is an unimaginable human crisis, we cannot ignore the suffering of our neighbors!
Yea! for socialism and dictatorships. Soon the U.S will be flooded by Venezuelans which is better than Terrorist.
OH MY GOD, THIS IS SOCIALISM FOR YOU. HOW SAD, VERY SAD.
give it time Little Marco.
rely economy on natural resource instead of human productivity, natural resource loses value, result: disaster
When's Your town hall meeting @marcorubio ???
this is what the democrats want here. Socialism. New world order. How stupid Americans are.
Damed old socialist hiways, schools etc
it's horrible that this is happening in Venezuela, but what YOURE VOTING TO ALLOW to happen in the US is worse!!
where is the world's outrage over this!  @peta Venezuela supports terrorism and its starving it ppl
Good. You ARE working. Now put the focus on US. At least Fl.(I'm not angry; just sayin')
crab apple
failure is under-statement
it's nothing compared to Russians forced to eat hedgehogs due to crazy Putin!
very disappointed in you Marco. Values/ethics over money.
does flamingo taste like chicken?
Maybe they just enjoy the deliciousness that is flamingos and anteaters, have you ever tried them Senator?
...evidences of Socialism. so sad.
Stop worrying about this and worry about the many Americans who go hungry every day.  We have citizens that eat from trash cans!
Keep squeezing the middle class to make the rich richer & it'll happen here #RESISTFASCISM
Seems like the democrats they gather together, get attention and do nothing all day but honk
Sir, in South America, the people eat chinchillas, my favorite pet. Let's focus on saving the US now
