Marco plz try to wrest Trump's attention away from black athletes to focus on the 3.5 million Americans hurting in Cuba. He listens to you.
Good luck with that!! Rubio is just a puppet to Trump.Praying for my people!
Marco got Trump's attention re Venezuela. He can do it for Puerto Rico.
And now Venezuela is on the banned travel list preventing people from fleeing
Read the actual restrictions, they're not that onerous on regular citizens who can provide proper identification. It's more to punish regime
Good. Still we all know Trump is big on travel restrictions- especially when it comes to brown people.
It's for terrorists not Brown people
Everyone thats brown, white surpremist look at us as terrorist!
So, you'll need to do more than post verses from the Bible?
This week Marco has been in Puerto Rico to see the damage for himself. He's knicknamed Puerto Rico's Senator. He'll get more help.
It sounds like the Real problem is  "emergency disaster plans" time to crack down on Regs Florida was a perfect example of preparedness
TY Marco 4 Ur personal
involvement
I trust "YOUR" leadership
in these situations
#PuertoRico needs
IMMEDIATE HELP
Response to #HurricaneMaria & #PuertoRico will require urgency & focus.Conventional response not sufficient. http://wapo.st/2yCLKUm?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.26474f1bf278 …
Thank you. We all feel hopeless...this can only be dealt with by a MASSIVE government response...so far, it is VERY LACKING
Unfair to relief effort/personnel already in place for some to politicize #PuertoRicoRelief. Don't add to misery feeding cheap Pol attacks.
It seems you are focused on tweeting proverbs while he is focused on ranting about NFL & criticizing legit protest against racial injustice
Really now just stop
Sorry Marco, our president is an incompetent, racist, bully and only cares about his base.
Agreed!  Please tell @potus  that his legacy depends on accelerating aid way beyond its current curve.  HIs staff will not tell him this!!!
So what are you waiting for?

Yes @POTUS has turned his back on PR.....#helppuertoriconow  but he will vist next week sometime
Let's be real in here. He cares about his base than Puerto Rico.
What has been done?
So, what are you actually going to do about it?
If only you were in a powerful position and could personally bring about urgency & focus, instead of just talking about them
The blame goes to U @marcorubio for supporting an unfit. Does he really care about anybody or anything except himself?
There are linemen and trucks which need to get on a large cargo ship tomorrow to PR. Call Crowley shipping in Jax, FL they have the capacity
IF ANYONE WOULD KNOW ABOUT DEBT IT WOULD BE CANDY CORN-N-CHIEF, 6X BANKRUPTCY TRUMP.

I mean, he used half of his three tweets to bash PR for their debt. Is that what a president should do in a time of humanitarian crisis?
You are wasting your time with #LittleMarco he is literally useless in every sense of the word.
The only thing @marcorubio puts energy into is finding a strong enough hairspray to keep his comb over in place! #inutil
Something got to be done for Puerto Rico now Step up be a leader Trump is not going to help these people to worried about the NFL
How DARE you. There are THOUSANDS of Marines, sailors, Coasties and Army THERE ALREADY. Check @FEMA for PICTURES too
Navy is there. FEMA is there.

Looks like someone might not be being so honest.
A little late....the response should have been before the storm hit...we all knew they were going to get it head on...
Prayers that great minds and even greater hearts will figure this all out - s for clarity & solutions to save lives, livelihoods & history
You need to quit kissing Trump's posterior & lead the way.
I wish the president would appoint Marco Rubio ambassador to cuba. Like Andrew Young to South Africa. As long as GOP appointee replaces him.
The presidents twitter acct is a clear and present danger to America. 25th the 45th.
The leftist Democrat party is the biggest threat to America. Art. III Sec.3.
Step up marco.
Kick @realDonaldTrump in his fat ass, Marco, or the island won't see aid until there are xmas decorations in stores.
Take care of that little island-rob money from useless state California,give to new state of Puerto Rico.
TODAY PEOPLE WE R NOT SCARED WE WATCH HOW U TREAT US AND TAKE OUR MONEY AND VOTES.WE R JUST STUMBS AND U LEAN ON OUR MONEY.JAJA I WILL FIGHT
are we talking about the same guy who just spent two days whining about the @nfl? I dont donald duck knows what focus is. @realDonaldTrump
Suspend the JONES ACT @realDonaldTrump & @GOP
Marco. You are so very very spineless. I just have no words to describe the lack of urgency in your tweet.
I'm in Tampa with a bunch of supplies. Get us some planes and a way into the west side of the island please!
@POTUS: #PuertoRico is in deep trouble.
Me: Thank you Admiral of the Fleet Obvious!
6 days out already. So much for the urgency part.
PR is in need of a 2017 version of a Berlin Airlift. This is the time USAF, USN and Army Engineers need to be mobilized to assist.
what more would you suggest LITTLE MARCO? 16 US ships, 10 more in route w/aid. Just got port cleared & additional airports opened. @FoxNews
Please ask President Trump to recind the Jones Act. Would enable more ships to deliver supplies. Thank you.
After a week passed by and People of Puerto Rico are suffering and dying he says next week will go there. why not tomorrow or Today ?
Because there's only one functional airport.  What does parking a VC-25 accomplish taking away space from emergency cargo arrivals?
Well @realDonaldTrump  doesn't seem to understand that. Perhaps you can explain it to him. People are dying. This is outrageous. He musthelp
2 now, today and send food, water, medicine, gas. Generators, etc. via the navy and airforce. I'm disgusted he hasn't already. Please do
3 something, Marco Rubio and ask Congress to act immediately if Trump won't. People are dying and their s can't go on.
4.  Correction:  this can't go on.
because the man you voted for and represents your party does not realize puerto rico is part of the USA
Too little too late Marco. You should have gone there immediately after #Irma.
Marco in case U missed it FOCUS is not in Trump's rep a taut. He's more interested in causing division in America! Part of his Russian plan
Where has @POTUS been for the past week? Oh, I forgot. He was too busy tweeting about the NFL and NBA to worry about Puerto Rico #oblivious
Pick up a damn phone and call the WH!

con cada problema que enfrentamos, hablas y hablas pero nunca hay acciones detrás de tus palabras.
Never mind PR. Focus on NFL.
Why don't you do something little Marco
Bring in the military or National Guard. Where are ships offloading supplies such as food and medicines? Air lifting sick and elderly out?
Get the Jones Act extended!  That might actually be useful.
Thank you captain obvious.
And yet you still haven’t apologized to America for your culpability in helping elect this man to the Presidency.
Fortunately our president is a super great focuser.
Marco, sorry. Trump is busy patting himself on the back right now. Puerto Rico is in an ocean, you know.

Yes,this is huge howevr,not the 1st one to devastate. Thy need staples to live.watr, pkg meals.Drop frm the air if need b A U.S. territry AJ
Make it happen, senator.
Don't let him go.
* swallows his chocolate cake with one scoop vanilla and nods head assuredly*
Just like conventional wisdom is not sufficient to critique anything about the Trump presidency. Especially u CNN.
Well, then....hurry it up!
There is no response. Maybe if they knelt during an anthem @realDonaldTrump reawould notice them? #disgrace
Please do everything possible to expedite US Military deployment to bring the force & knowledge to help our fellow citizens.
Then get your fellow senators together-TODAY-put together a large emergency aid pkg, push thru both chambers, get to WH.
Get military there.
Except your @gop Pres has given sick, depraved, stupid, evil responses. Until you want to grow up and announce #Impeachment sit down.
Why do Senate Repubs allow Trump to bully, embarrass, and punk you all? Stand up as men & women of patriotic integrity. Fight back.
Be explicit. He is doing nothing.
A. THEY ARE BROWN. B THEY ARE BANKRUPT. TRUMP DOES NOT GIVE A SHIT!

Pres. Trump praises "massive" FEMA effort, says Puerto Rico knows "how hard we're working and what good job we're doing." 
His response isn't conventional. It's crazy and dangersous.
Send the USNS Comfort and Mercy! Why are they at dockside????
No kidding!!
Way to Go Little Marco!                     Your a Swamp Creature. GFY Rino........
Are you trying to get him to focus on It?
Are you growing a pair little Rubio??? About damn time! Our AMERICAN brothers and sisters in St. Croix, St. Thomas, and Puerto Rico need us!
Mr. Rubio, when Rep. Al Green calls for the impeachment of 45, stand by his side. Prove that country is more important than party!
Rubio eres una PUTA, well actually decirte puta es faltarle el respeto a esas trabajadoras sociales
And the conventional GOP response of all talk no action is not sufficient either.
Let's rebuild Puerto Rico stronger. Create jobs. Choose environmentally strong & friendly buildings. Make this an opportunity for growth.
Tell the people of #PurertoRico to take a knee, then they'll get the orange baboon's attention
Suspend the Jones Act. This talk, your flyover, and your pious tweets of scripture aren't going to do much either unless you back it up.
He’s a useless parasite. Rump has done nothing for America but make us look Stupid Heartless  #NotMyPresident
Imo should temp bring citizens of PR here till it can be made livable. Put a temp halt to all other immigration until then. These r our ppl!
So...@marcorubio is stepping up to the plate and not just spouting Bible verses? Shocking!
When are you going to get it Marco? He's totally inadequate!
How about you guys get off fucking Twitter and get help going!! AirDrop supplies!!!! Now!!!!
URGENT THAT WE SUSPEND THE JONES ACT TO AID PUERTO RICO IN REBUILDING!
What on earth is goofball Trump doing....3 hurricanes
Thank you for advocating for Puerto Rico. Please keep the pressure on.
Duh!!!!!!
What has this picture to do with Puerto Rico?
Logistics sound difficult. Where there is a way it will get done. Americans are strong and creative.
SanJuan Airport just opened, ports very iffy, comm/road/power non-existent. USN ships in harbors now, help there, moving fast as possible
News says WH won't ask Congress for federal aid until 1st or 2nd wk of Oct!  Pple are desperate now.  Pls help bring federal aid to PR now.
They needed a flotilla of Navy ships posted around the island. As is aid can't get around without gas and power. Its a FEMA fail thus far.
Rubio why did you not get supplies in place, sat on your hands and blamed Trump, incompetent senator.
You forgot to @ POTUS.
Too bad our lame POTUS only cares about football and Alabama.


Why would you tweet out a bullshit wapo story?
Have you considered this call to action, a temp reprieve in some of the restrictions hindering progress ?
C-130s dropping supplies immediately needed!!
but what about their debt Marco...shouldn't that matter? YOU SUPPORT HIM AND THAT STATEMENT....Sad...just sad.
PR pays no US income tax. Why should my tax dollars go there? We are $20T in debt with Harvey and Irma recovery $$$ to pay.
Please join us TONIGHT at 8 PM ET. We're flooding Twitter with Tweets using #UnidosPorPuertoRico, #CongressActNow, & #WeAreUSCitizens. 
So, do something about it. You have the power. (And the amazing free health insurance paid for by me!)
Tell that to the fucking idiot currently occupying the WH...he's more concerned with the fucking NFL...do your job!!
Thank you!  Please get our most vulnerable out of there.
Jesus then...call your president and fix it. Figure it out. We don't pay you to announce problems on twitter. Get to work, all of you!
trump failing miserably in a crisis... both inthreatening nuclear war like a school boy and ignoring cries for help from fellow Americans.
Trump is exacting revenge. He's kicking them when they're down. Don't expect that to change. Too obvious
Meanwhile, as others give, you are trying to take away $32 million American's health insurance. WTF is wrong with you Marco?
Rec'd email on healthcare! Sickened that all you think about is repealing ACA instead of reaching across aisles to improve it!
http://www.newsweek.com/trump-melania-ivanka-terrorists-howard-stern-670309 …

have you been able to speak to Donald about his small crotch problem?
Ridiculous Marco!
Supporting WAPO stupidity of an article. Giving this credibility shows YOUR lack of it
That's the president you support Marco, it is pretty  obvious that he does not like latinos, an eye opener????
Can we stop yet with nfl!!!! Potus is an asshole
We understand. Does the President? His Tweets lately lead me to believe he has no idea/doesn't care. Thank you for taking the lead.
Tell that to our #patheticPOTUS He only helps white people not brown. Sorry! @realDonaldTrump the Supreme Buffoon.
So why is nothing being done when it was Tx and Fl Congress jumped right on it and there going to need man power as well
Guess wht Rubio? U r not Pres 4 a very good reason! Now quit critiquing our @POTUS. Talk abt ur disdain privately with ur friends # RINO's!
So...propose something rather than just posturing.
Will require? How about does require. Let's get moving
Little Marco, why are you voting for a bill that would kill millions of Americans?
Did u finally grow a set of balls?
No, he just tweeted a few words so he could be "seen". Don't think he actually did anything except maybe read them some scripture & fly home
Post is the master of photo innuendo, love them showing him with back turned on help for Puerto Rico.
"Trouble." Can he use that word lightly? Lives are at risk, of innocent children, elderly, sick, the most vulnerable. Water, food.
Let's be honest here @realDonaldTrump could care less because most people in Puerto Rico can't vote.
if Puerto Rico were a State would we have been better able to come to her aide?
No entiendo pq el presidente sigue hablando de jugadores que ganan bastante dinero cuando tenemos un crisis en PR.  Por favor ayúdenos
@realDonaldTrump @GOP 

2 bad Puerto Rico isn't WHITE enough to be a priority for GOP or their Trump admin! Just third class liability.
And the #NFL TWEETS do ABSOLUTELY nothing from the POTUS
Why can't you criticize trump for not focusing ? I know it would be a daily job. He could care less about PR. There- said it.
This requires a MASSIVE government response....so far, very little. Congress should focus on nothing else until the 3.5 million are helped.
Thank you Senator for rising awareness.People of PR are American.We need to worry,care and help just like if was TX or FL #PuertoRicoStrong
Yes, @realDonaldTrump will turn his back on Puerto Rico. They have nothing he wants. Thank you Senator for taking care of their needs.
Thank you! 10 to 100 times more people and support needed. 7 days to get air traffic control up?? A veteran on the ground and stranded. . .
Says it looks worse than the 3  the war zones he experienced.
Cargo planes are in the air; ships are on the way. Supply drives happening in many states.
Navy Seabees, Corps of Engineers, volunteer utility linemen?
You're right!!  DO SOMETHING!!
@marcorubio support immediate emergency relief package for PR
#puertoricoemergencybillnow
#HumanitarianCrisisInTheUSA
FEMA and the Navy have been on site! You ppl are idiots! @marcorubio support our President!
Marco, take the lead and get Help for PR.  Trump does not care and you know it.
Senator what are you doing to help get aid to Puerto Rico? The president certainly is not doing anything. They have no water, power or food.
Guess who is failing us?
Senator pls take this ball and run with it on TV and give it the press it needs. These are our territories we need you.
That SOB should be fired. #impeachTrump #quickly
@WPJohnWagner 6 days without potable drinking water. 60% of #PuertoRico...humanitarian crisis.
Here is what is happening!
Former Obama HACK Dan Pfeiffer deletes tweet on Trump admin. response to Puerto Rico https://twitchy.com/gregp-3534/2017/09/26/former-obama-hack-dan-pfeiffer-deletes-tweet-on-trump-admin-response-to-puerto-rico/ …

Former Obama HACK Dan Pfeiffer deletes tweet on Trump admin. response to Puerto Rico https://twitchy.com/gregp-3534/2017/09/26/former-obama-hack-dan-pfeiffer-deletes-tweet-on-trump-admin-response-to-puerto-rico/ …
Yeah he said there a deep trouble, because he’s not going to help them. he thinks they look too much like Mexicans.
That's it... have you not realized by now that that this man gets no subtle hints
President огромный  Идиот hasn't given a conventional response.  He is punishing Puerto Rico for voting for you in the primaries.  #Impeach
So DO something about it! Passive aggressive tweets aren't enough. I've donated, where is your action?
Why don't you tell hi m to stop talking about the NFL and do something to help puertorico
To have @POTUS talk about P.R. debt is like Dr. discussing your insurance while you're in ICU. I'm sickened by his response
PR pays $0 in federal income tax and receives $15B+ in net aid. They can't always have their hand out and never reach into their pockets.
Senator: put the health care debacle out of its misery today, then we can focus on this
Focus on Florida.
Maybe tweet a Proverb and see if that helps. No, wait. That's your conventional approach.
Looks like you should talk to your buddy!
Why point out the past. Just another delayed response to a crisis like #Charlottesville. But this time its costing lives
Be the lead on this!  This crisis will define all of us...
Little Marco, Most likely not a priority for him, being that the majority of Puerto Ricans aren't "White" !!!   
WE should have a carrier group sitting in San Juan Harbor, helping these poor people for gods sake!!
Is it time to abandon the island?
@marcorubio you'd have made a much better republican president. -your friendly Floridian democrat 
As if Dotard Liar in Chief cares: From politifact, concerning YOUR president,Rubio.
Your President disgraces our country every day more so than taking a knee.... shame on all of you who support him
Solve the problems of FL  which pay your salary with our taxes.  @realDonaldTrump and USA sends billions to PR annually. @kikecruznotiuno
Thank you @marcorubio for all you are doing to bring attention to  We need HELP!!
