They already do, but if they can no longer get visas except for expensive tours, that won't happen, but you know that already you hypocrite.
you know NOTHING about the plight of Cubans.  You are an American, NOT a Cuban, screwing islanders under the guise of help!
Since when is anything privately owned in Cuba?As you well know everything with few exceptions is owned by the government!
And. The workers don't get paid in American dollars.  Only pesos
Gee, #LittleMarco, it sounds like #Biff is trying to reduce the number of successful American owned hotels in Cuba...ever think why that is?
Ok, "little Marco"
So Americans MUST use hotel sanctioned by US Govt. Dictatorial.
DJT bought for you?.  Worth selling your rotten, evil, lying soul?  No wonder he treated you like a "trick" during his campaign
Trump have the market cornered on Air B&B?  Or is he just angry tgey don't want a trump resort in Cuba?
Eres un pendejo. Ahora tu jefe le va a entregar Cuba a Rusia. Caíste como un mamao. Y perjudicas a tu pueblo cubano. Lambón.
And you don't see right through this? Trump wants to stifle the US hotel industry until Trump Org can cash in. You're being played, Marco.
I wouldn't worry about Lil' Marco. I'm sure he's getting something out of this deal.
Why is it ok for Americans to freely go to terrorist state Qatar & N. Korea?
Good!  Leaves more rooms available to Canadians who travel to Cuba every year.  More popular than Florida now because of Trump presidency
Obviously the Canadian tourism hasn't had an effect on the economy of Cuba or has it helped create a middle class there. So enjoy your sun.
What about Marriott/Starwood operated hotels?
Why aren't you supporting President Trump regarding this witch hunt? R u just another weak senator? This is a farce and u all know it
We look forward to taking the House and the Senate away from all of you clowns.
your Tweet was quoted by @verge
how does this work for British citizens travelling via the US?
You follow the rules of your country.
Se buscan voluntarios en Miami para montar un CDR para analizar a los compañeros americanos que quieren viajar a Cuba? Ahora cambio de cupon
That's not what Trump said. What he did do was give a green light to US border control to harass US citizens returning from Cuba. Nice work
Senator why haven't you lead a group to engage in dialogue with Cuba instead of a knee jerk announcement
Because Marco deals in tales and legends.
"There are reports that Russia is in talks about opening a military base on the island again." Trump is nat'l secrty disaster as are you now
You are taking food off of Cubans' tables, and destroying people's livelihood and dreams, while making the US look bad.
If people can't go individually people to people, they can't help Cuban entrepreneurs like airbnb hosts, restored taxi owners, etc.
That prevents foreign funds being laundered through hotels for their leader. 
Wonder where you guys got the idea for that one.
what is the cost for me and my wife?
So what the hell is your lying, cons trick ass waiting for.   Get going, with your two faces!  Demon Snake.  How was that T-bone
@marcorubio, todays FAQ issued by Dept of Treasury says  NO Individual travel. Pls clairify
https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Documents/cuba_faqs_20170616.pdf …
immigrated to US in 1971, US citizen, still need a useless Cuban passport to travel there?
Well this totally changes everything!
This topic is not even on my list of important issue. Just so you know.
Make that 2
Quid. Pro. Quo. #comeyhearing
but americans must travel in groups now which makes it hard to book on private homes. You're just decreasing income for cubans @marcorubio
decreasing incomes for the narcoterrorist regime that you support but from the the shore in the freedom that cubans doesnt have #comunistica
Thank You!
So this means I can return to my favorite casa?! https://www.instagram.com/p/BVYCg__lqxy/  & see my new family again?!
@realDonaldTrump ISIS&Farc are terrorists why you let Farc kip from trafficking? Just for fun?farc used trafficking to kill and kidnap 
Such an idiotic step backward. Trying the same thing for 50+ years didn't work, so you'll push it again for craven political purposes.
So, Americans can still self-certify, travel to Cuba on their own? It's just they now do it as 'support' rather than 'people-to-people'?
Where did you think we were staying? At the $$ National? YOU need to go to #cuba. Nice country Good people. They like Americans, not #Trump
This is all I wanted to hear
Dear Little Marco. ur personal reasons to hate Castro Regime aside this ban hurts the Cuban People u worried abt! Short sighted, little man!
This is vile! You are NEVER getting #Cuba back Marco-get over it and stop introducing evil legislation against other humans!
This is same @POTUS who Newsweek reported on last fall to have illegally sent people to Cuba in past to explore options? @Newsweek @cnn
One problem, Do we believe for 1 minute that a privately owned lodging exists or if so will continue to be privately owned?
Individual Americans should be able to elect the President but you let Rusdia do it not so privately. GTFOH..
And why not apply this sanctions to Saudi Arab, this is all business for you at the end. My people's fate is a business 4u.
This is being done because Trump can't build hotels there right now, so he's making it impossible for competitors too.  Pathetic.
You are an evil man, make deals with the Devil to hurt the Poor Cuban People.! Shame on you sir.! God is Good
I just came from Cuba. Maybe you ought to actually go and talk to the people before you start making such harmful decisions. Shameful.
When will this take effect?
Essentially,  this is preventing American citizens from enjoying a vacation in Cuba on beach resorts.
Trump hotel?? In cuba??
@Airbnb you are ok with this? Taking money from individual rich Cubans while poor people suffer??? How can you be down??
Yay rich Cubans win again!!
Very glad to hear this news, most Americans don't understand that Cubans are prisoners in their own country
Who the hell wants to go to Cuba???
Thank you for getting accurate info out.
Marco...you are officially a clown bro
I am a FL resident with a boat.  Does this mean I can no longer go on my boat, since all marinas are government owned?
My family and I have flights and private accom booked for Nov, and plan to attend ballet, cultural events. Will we have an issue?
You sound as if the Cuban people can just start up any business without the regimes permission!
You know there's no way to stop the gov't there from taking whatever money it wants 2take. Why not open travel widely? It will help the ppl.
#SOSVzla Really? we all know the Castro brothers and their kids own Cuba, including "private" businesses, nothing gets to the people
Great! But how do you follow up on it?
I bet Marriott doesn't care for that
Good idea - don;t put money into the hands of the corrupt lifestyle Castros - it all goes the Castro oppressors and screws the average Cuban
This is laughable. How many ways around this, let me count the ways
I bet Marriott and Starwood are none too happy. Perhaps Conflict of interest? Trump trying to diminish his competition? Sounds shady to me.
My family traveled to Cuba in Dec. stayed thru air b&b met great ppl. Very poor living on $10 per month. Most luv USA.
How does this help Tampa which is already engaged in Cuban business? With tourists going from Tampa to Cuba? Students?
Not all Florida thinks alike on this issue. Not all Cubans in Florida. You do not know because you stick to a closed base.
lil Marco does not know because he cannot see outside the gilded windows of his 1%r 'donors'
Que pendejo tú eres. Singao.
What privately owned means in Cuba?
A Davie, Fl team just went to Cuba and won the annual Hemingway fishing tournament down in Cuba. You should recognize them!!
So the US govt is going to tell people where they can rent rooms to stay in?
You clearly don't get it
AirBNB in a country largely without internet access?  Come on Senator!
Not true. I was just there.
Where? El Vedado?
Habana has internet parks.
This is JUST A DISTRACTION! Pay attention to @marcorubio participating in a back-room deal to eliminate healthcare for 27 MILLION Americans!
Gotta cruise scheduled for November.
Me too.....so can we still go!?
I think so
Didn't you mean to say they must be Trump properties?
This is just another example of how Trump is curbing people's rights and limiting their freedoms.
en Venezuela las sanciones d ben extenderse a la familia de los funcionarios son ellos lo que disfrutan lo saqueado
I suppose this is only until Trump puts a hotel there ....
a Trump Hotel would be privately owned lodging
Can we stay at new Marriott/Starwood US property? Or if trump can't open new hotel in Cuba for ethics he stops his comp from benefiting?
Marco why is it necessary to limit travel to Cuba? Are they going to fly planes into towers? Go on mass shooting sprees? What?
Ah, by the way, you should the same for any other country isn't Democratic. Venezuela for example.
Or Russia.
There seems to be no freedom of choice here?  Are those restrictions for safety & security reasons???
Clearly not, but you just gave Senator Rubio a talking point.
Sooooo..... do you work for AirBnB now? Let's check. Or Trump? Like the Trump hotel chain? Just curious?
Yeah, so many poor people own air bnb houses
Guao! Eso no es un cambio un tanto radical? Aunque suena lógico con base a esa categoría. Está preparado el american citizen a aceptarlo?
What will stop the Dictator from extreme taxation of airbnb ?
Got it! Trump is planning a hotel there! Why didn't you just say so?
the trump shuffle with rubio following; do you not see this ridiculousness! Waiting for 2018!
Mr. Senator, pls help ban Cuban & Chinese gov officials fr entering the US and buying properties. Better if their children's immig is banned
needs to be a reasoned policy and peppered w mercy for the Cuban people. Pls consider the lung cancer research as well ! Medical exchange
What is the rationale for that?
Reasoned
Lots of rules. Isn't that what you're against?
Great day for Cuban exiles and refugees and for Cuban people, bad day for their government.
Yep, rich Cubans win again. @ananavarro
No dear, people will win!
Get in there and support @POTUS 's agenda and quit watching from the sidelines.  We'll remember come election time.
That's original. Did you think of that all by yourself?
