Bullsh*t. We need #GunContolNow #guncontol
Pray all u want, we need stricter gun laws. All u Republicans are accomplice in this for your stupidity on guns.
You took money from the NRA.
#StopPrayingStartDoing
Prayers aren't helping.  A vote against assault weapons would.

DO SOMETHING
Please don't ever retire!
Empty words. Don't be a coward when it comes to standing up for what is right.
This wouldn't have happened if we had sensible gun laws.
Prayers are useless now.. why didn't you vote to ban assault rifles?  This is on you now!
You could do more than just mourn and pray. You DO have that ability.
If u really cared you would do something about it!! ACTION SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS!!!All u republican care about is ur self and ur donors!U all do nothing,ur just as guilty as the shooter!! You’re all despicable!!!
Need an assault weapon ban!
so then, you'll vote to ban the weapons used from private use?  If not, empty words & prayers. emptier politician.
Then do something about it !!!
Why don't you pass an assault weapons ban?  #SutherlandSprings shooting occurred in a church, people were already praying.  #LasVegas shooting could have been avoided as well.
#Pakistan hotels have metal detectors but not American because...
#NRA whiners find it "oppressive."
What are you praying for now? Last time you prayed you got an endorsement & donation from the NRA.  #GunControlNow .
Domestic terrorism, until when? Many mentally ill, loose and armed. Not praying, action against that stupid and insane amendment.
Spare us please.  Support sensible gun control now to prevent such atrocities from happening again and again.
Pray for forgiveness, this is on you. You just voted to allow mentally ill people to purchase guns. How many have to die for @GOP greed
Isn't Trump going to stop "American Carnage" soon?
Thanks for your prayers which do nothing.  You are a representative so please do your job by protecting the people you represent.  Please don't think you are above us.  You ARE us.  It's already way past time to act.
Florida Senator Marco Rubio received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Oh do you?? Then donate the #bloodmoney you took from the @NRA to victims' families.
Praying does nothing #guncontrol laws are needed now. Get your @gop cronies to work stat on it. Enough with @NRA #bs
Ignorance looks good on you.  What you are doing is nothing get a grip AH

Americans have the right to bear arms and trying to prevent that is cruel. And Nevada has a ban on semi auto guns. Didn't work sadly
Trying to prevent civilians from owning assault rifles is cruel? Seriously?
Trying to dismantle our constitution is cruel and shameful.
Constitution doesn't entitle you to unnecessarily powerful weapons. Is it unconstitutional that you're not allowed to own a rocket launcher?
The Constitution allows us to bear arms. Stop trying to take that away. You want everything in the hands of government. Shameful
Thank god you are praying it might stop the 274th mass shooting this year
Seriously. Sigh of relief. @marcorubio is praying! #stoneage
But is @marcorubio really even praying though? Pics or didn't happen
Prayers don't do a damn thing! We need action. We need to get serious about this issue. Stop kowtowing to the NRA!
Hypocritical useless words. Cease being NRA toady- vote for laws controlling types of gun and ownership. Massacre on your head!
If only you were in a position to affect change and not just quote proverbs and pray all day right Marco?
Prayer, yes, but Congress needs to enact background checks & ban assault weaponry NOW!
But if you would vote to ban assault weapons, your prayers may be answered.  Get out from under the NRA grasp.
Dear Sir, where have you lost your Moral Compass? I challenge you to go find it!
Appreciate your prayers, but how about standing up to the NRA and work to enact some sensible gun laws.
What the hell is praying doing? You pray after every mass shooting. Either ur god is incompetent, impotent, or imaginary. Try something else
Senator;
If #mandalay proves being an "outside" job, you need to tighten up our immigration policies fast. Enough is enough!
Like ban all travel of angry, white, male Floridians to other states?
This wouldn't have happened if we had sensible gun control laws. It will be worse when silencers are legal.
Pray, as I am, then make these weapons illegal. Please!
SO VOTE FOR A BAN ON ASSAULT RIFLES or remain ACCUSED OF BEING JUST ANOTHER REPUBLICAN HERETIC!
why cant you implement common sense changes to the gun laws and enforce them? Too many people are dying. Do it!
Screw you, how about you send vote against assault weapons
Praying doesn't help @marcorubio. #imaginaryfriends #hecanhearourthoughts #helivesintheskyforreal
How about doing something constructive, say for example, preventing the next gun massacre with common sense gun control measures!?!
stop the bullshit, start taking action:,if you are so unconcerned why did you have 3 giant SUV protect you at Supercuts ?
DO SOMETHING.
Congress is trying to deregulate gun silencers & you're praying? Unbelievable. The NRA owns the Republicon party.
if you want to do something for all of those victims,try gun control legislation if not you're another coward funded by the NRA
Prayer without action is meaningless. We don't need high powered automatic weapons with large magazines. #GunControlNow
High powered automatic weapons with large magazines are already illegal.
I'm sure you are pal...
Your prayers never stop any of the attacks with assault weapons. They need to be banned.
your a giant hypocrite!!!
we don't want your thoughts and prayers.  We want action.....take assault rifles away from lunatics
says the guy who received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
You voted against the Assault Weapons ban which might have prevented this tragedy. The blood is on your hands. Your prayers don't cut it.
Please stop taking money from the NRA so we can trust that you are  making good decisions about the safety of U.S. citizens. Thanks.
Pray with your actions, Senator. Your words are meaningless.
Ban assault weapons
STOP praying & do something that will actually make a difference! Vote on new gun laws NOW!
We want meaningful legislation, thoughts and prayers are doing nothing to stop massacres. Stand up to your donors and for your constituents.
Im praying extra extra hard so obviously Im helping more than you who is just regularly praying. Praying fixes everything for everyone!
How about doing something more concrete for a change?
Remember when u voted NO on Manchin-Toomey amendment after Sandy Hook massacre? SHAME ON YOU. You have failed US and protected no one.
Praying? oh yeah, how's that working for ya? you and your GOP ah's make me sick, do nothing unless it affects your wealth, must suck to be you
Better you should pray for a ban on assault weapons
- HOW MANY MORE NEED TO DIE?
A lot of good that does. We need gun safety.
stop praying and DO SOMETHING!
No one needs your thoughts and prayers. What we need is for you to support a ban on assault weapons
FORGET YOUR "THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS". BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS NOW!!
Time to stop praying and DO something.  It's time to pass an assault weapons ban.
Nothing fails like prayers.
Honestly, from someone in Las Vegas,  your thoughts and prayers aren't doing anything for us.
Hes been praying extra extra hard so obviously hes helping more than somebody just regularly praying. Praying fixes everything for everyone!
Wow, tweeting about prayers. That's almost literally the least you could do, you spineless #NRA lapdog.
Then why don’t you do something? Your lack of action is wrong.
Paying? O, so ur not doing jack shit for them then. If God is a good "all knowing" entity, he should have stopped him before he murdered 60
You had the choice to vote for those measures that weren't a ploy by the Democrats to force gun control down the throats of all of
HOW ABOUT GUN CONTRO LAWS...BUNSTOCKS, DATA.
Blah blah blah blah praying blah praying , how about you do your job instead buddy, praying doesn’t do anything
Hopefully all the prayers will prevent future mass shootings 
@RepPoliquin Starting to regret those NRA campaign contributions yet? #YouHelpedThisHappen
#GiveBackTheBloodMoney
How about you fucking do something.
After that, maybe get to work on meaning gun control and assault rifle laws to protect innocent people.
Have to imagine this is gut wrenching as you have family there still. They are in our prayers.
Say, @marcorubio , the $9,900 you got from the NRA to get you elected?  Perhaps do something generous with that for the relief effort?!?
Senator - do your job and push meaningful gun controls including mental checks for new AND existing gun licenses and prohibition of assault weapons. There is absolutely no more need to be afraid of the idiots at the NRA. Their day is done.
Blood is on your hands. You aren't willing to do anything about enacting sensible gun laws that would ban automatic weapons from the general public. You'd better be praying for your own soul as you are complicit.
Not good enough @marcorubio !  Pass common sense gun laws
Praying for all those affected by this demonic attack on Americans. May God have mercy on all & bring healing to those injured and to USA!
The usual, predictable shrug from Republicans when it comes to gun violence.
Prayers aren’t enough. You’re one of the very few people in the US with the power to actually help. Do it or there’s blood in your hands.
Hypocrite. Tweeting thoughts and prayers is meaningless when you won't address the availability of weapons like these. You're the problem.
Do something useful
Vote straight Dem Ticket and remove the GOP as they are ruining this Nation.They stand in the way of any kind of progress.
Yeah, too bad you voted against the assault weapons ban. Keep praying!
Stop Praying it is hypocritical..... and do something!!!!
So what about the $3,303,355 in contributions you have received form the NRA?
Stop slaughter by banning assault weapons, adding gun registration, forever banning siliencers. Then you'll be doing something.
How did shooter get weapons banned since Reagan's second term?
you're a hypocrite! Pray 4 God 2 make you see the light instead of voting against changes to gun laws!
Do something about it!
you took cold hard cash from the NRA. This is your fault.
Praying? That's it? I guess we can look forward to another worthless statement from you after the next shooting, followed by more inaction.
You accepted $9900 from NRA. Return the money and pass comprehensive gun reform laws. You can prevent anyone else suffering this tragedy!
I pray you stop taking NRA Blood Money & enact reasonable gun laws,but I guess god isn't  listening to either of us
call it what it is a terrorist attack in Vegas. You know you will never be able to wash the blood from your hands #you voted no on loopholes
Then do your job and work on Gun Control! #CongressDoYourJob
All of the lipservice from the GOP is fucking wind
You voted against the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013. Thanks for that.
You’re in the pocket of the NRA so take your thoughts & prayers and go fuck yourself.
As long as Congress supports easy access to guns and a POTUS WHO BRAGS that he could shot someone on 5th Ave  we will be cursed with unnecessary shootings.  It's nice that Marco can issue condolences but doing something more is beyond him. Blood on hands of all who do nothing
Well thanks so much for voting against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban. I'm sure the victims appreciate it.
No silencers please. Use your head. Listen to your constituents. From Orlando, thank you
So stop the rollback of restrictions on silencer sales,how many more dead if shots were not heard? Be an advocate not a follower
How much does the NRA pay you???
Florida Senator Marco Rubio received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. #actionnotprayers
Screw you and your thoughts and prayers. Your words are meaningless, your actions are selfish and base.
Hollow prayers when you are bought by the NRA. Say NO to them.
Did you pray for the $9900 you got from the NRA last year? Were your prayers truly answered?
Your prayers mean nothing without action. #CommonSenseGunLawsNow
Amen, so horrific #PrayForLosVegas
@marcorubio Please start the conversation.  We need to talk about guns.
No more prayers. Stand up for my rights to enjoy concerts without fear of being shot. You care more about NRA than people's lives
You and your freakin praying!!! Stop with the NRA bribe money and pass some common sense regulations.
You voted against an assault weapon ban - their blood is on your hands.
Then vote no on silencers and do something about it...talk is cheap and you flap your gums a lot and vote for the NRA and others to make a $
Thoughts and prayers are working anymore... We need policy change.. And senseable gun laws..
Take responsibility for 59 lives.  You took NRA $$$$
Just Praying?  Why aren't you offering family to be human shields when needed. You are responsible for the massacre #gopshields
Then why did you vote against banning assault weapons? Do ur freakin job!
You opposed assault weapon ban didn't you? What to do about white terrorism and auto weapons, gosh?
Chase the NRA and stop praying you hypocrite Rubio....but the again, you are nothing but a sold politician.
Will you be returning the  you received from the NRA & vote 4 stricter laws? Or will they continue to own you? $3,303,355 from the NRA
Save those prayers Rubio and give back the 9,000 you accepted from the NRA. Now is the time for common sense gun control!
Then DO something about it!You politicians in bed with the NRA should all be ASHAMED of YOURSELVES! #LasVegas #guncontrol
Imagine how many MORE you'd be praying for if the #LasVegas shooter had legal silencers for all his guns. People RAN bc they HEARD gunfire.
GUN CONTROL!!!
Quit praying and pass meaningful, effective, rigorous gun control.
Prayer assures us this will happen again. How much @nra money have you accepted?
How touching. Why the F don't you do something about it, Spineless?
Forget the praying and get to work on sensible gun control. Keep your hands out of the NRA's pockets.
And you voted against the assault weapons ban.  The blood is on your hands!
You voted against an assault weapons ban, so the blood is on your hands now isn't it?
Do something!
But please, tell me more about your thoughts and prayers.
Blood money!  Shame on you. It's on you to help. Take action or step the fuck down!
if u really care about 1st responders youd want effective gun regs instead of taking $9900 from the NRA
Your remedy for this recurring nightmare is?
Jesus  WOULD be happy if all the victims our Citizens had universal healthcare. I mean they could go into debt for being shot. Only in USA
Praying is literally the least you could do. You have had your chance to make real change. Please stop pretending to care.
But your vote keeps the guns in their hands. You have blood on your "praying" hands.
STOP PRAYING AND DO YOUR DAMN JOB.
Pray for your own soul, Marco. You took money from the NRA - it's on you.
Stop praying and start acting. You have the power to make positive change. Get away from the NRA and show some spine! #hypocrite
as always, you NRA-owned fascists will do nothing to protect americans.
Rather than praying enact an #AssaultWeaponsBan!  You bear responsibility for this Carnage.  #Hypocrite
Pray and push for #guncontrol. #voteforlasvegas #yourconstituent
Praying for you to give back the $9900 the NRA paid you in 2016  to vote against common sense gun legislation!
Do you think those prayers are worth the $9,900 you took from the NRA last year?
...and outlaw automated weapons.  blood is on all of our hands by allowing this to happen.  NRA is a terrorist organization.
Hey, this is on you, blood on your hands. Your votes have consequences! Vote no on the silencer bill.
this is nice BUT we/they need to know you support gun safety laws so this isn't repeated. Take action.
Is it working? The prayer I mean.
received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. KEEP UR FAKE SYMPATHY!! BOUGHT N PAID FOR!!
Are you really?? Or do you just want to be one of the 1st to tweet
There have been 273 mass shootings so far in 2017
Prayers, Marco? 16 months ago when a deranged man walked into Pulse Nightclub with a semi-automatic rifle and as a result 49 of your
...while arming every psycho who wants violence....
If only you were in a position to do something to prevent this from happening.
Not at all helpful. When will you do something to stop this carnage on American soil? When will you deal with the REAL THREATS to our lives?
We don't know the "why" yet but we know the "how" and we can do something about it. I am not anti-gun but PLEASE support better gun control.
While you’re at it, please condemn our president’s criticism of mayor of Puerto Rico!
You are my senator @marcorubio, stop praying & start doing. Tighten gun laws now! #LasVegas #MandalayBay mass shooting was preventable!
How do u know?
Don't need your prayers, we need gun legislation from Congress who aren't paid off by NRA!!!!
