#GatorNation not asking u to ignore his racist message.I am suggesting you embarrass him by denying him the attention he craves #Sayfie 2/2
Don't anyone forget, meanwhile, that is keynote speaking for documented hate groups this weekend #distraction
You have never been and you will never be a big enough deal for a governor to declare a state of emergency when you show up to speak.
At least Spencer shows up which is not one of ur stronger suits.
Way to give him more publicly.
Little Marco is still mad daddy Trump spanked him.
Craves publicity? Sounds like Trump
Lol you cucks are done for
This from my friend Jake in Gainesville..
You sound desperate Marco. Not sure why. 

A United States Senator tweeting about some speech "no one shows up for". Lolz.
Thank you, someone in Congress that actually has a sane thought, just one, keep it up
Scared he'll wake up Whites in Florida and they won't vote for you?

Rep. Dana Rohrabacher brought a Holocaust denier to a meeting with Rand Paul to discuss Julian Assange.
http://forward.com/fast-forward/384980/republican-congressman-brought-holocaust-denier-to-capitol-meeting/?utm_content=bufferc5418&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
Jeez if you substitute Richard Spencer with Donald Trump; you’d be right on both statements! Yet one you hold in disdain and the other you fear! Rendering you useless and only able to mutter bible quotes as your full time job!
Literally the only thing libs seem 2 b capable of is following all of the ppl they hate & leaving them nasty comments (Not a fan of MR btw)
Take the good w bad. We all have freedom of speech.
Congrats Marco.. the Far-left , Antifa,  Black lives Matter, Nambla  and Communist  party USA all approve of your message
At least he has the courage to speak out unlike u “Little Marco”...have u forgotten how u were treated by DJT.  @RWPUSA

F O A M
 B  O  Y
He’s literally a white supremacist who spews out hatred. How is that speaking the truth?
He literally advocates for white culture
Why is a powerful man like Senator Marco Rubio picking on a citizen who has done him no harm - a nice man like Richard Spencer?
Nice man?  You do know he's a neo nazi, right?
No, he's not a "neo nazi" - that's a common smear used by his enemies, who are not nice people.
His panel is based on ethnic cleansing.  Thats a core belief of the Nazis.  How is that hard to grasp???
I don't try to get at what an individual really believes by automatically accepting vague smear terms offered by his enemies.
You support antifa
Potus is attacking the first amendment just an FYI
You know what incites outrage in this constituent? Your failure to address the gun violence epidemic in this country!
with what you say you can now seen as a terrorist by US law.
This is anti-fascism what you do anti-fascism is a domestic terror organisation
Thanks for giving him more publicity. Not even a fan really, but it's pretty funny how clumsy you are.
I am very worried about the kids at UF getting caugh in the cross fire between crazy fringe groups on the 19th!
lol “Richard Spencer craves publicity” then you give it to him? Big brain nia!
*for which no one shows up*
That would be the best result....no one showing up.
dream on lady,  the merde is going to hit the fan esp if @PresidentFuchs brings his Soros funded #Antifa to the fray

Shut up and fund the wall.
Thanks for mentioning his name. Because 'Republicans are quite on so afraid. Did you watched how he demonized Barclay & African Americans.
which Bible verse is this?
@katieee_walker
Little Marco is sad.
lol you can't win this one little Marco
Surprised you aren't encouraging violence against Americans practicing their free speech right this time
Is this tweet supposed to be in English? 
Quiet cuck.
Just become a democrat already you already act like one. I'm ashamed every day I voted for you.
Sounds like our #FakePresident !!!!! #ASSHAT
Senator Rubio, could you please address the issue of infant circumcision?? Thank you so much!!!
At least have the balls to @RichardBSpencer next time you talk shit on him Little Marco
Amnesty Rubio isn't known for having courage or integrity.
Build the wall.
Love this @RichardBSpencer vs Hostile Liberal Audience at Texas A&M
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WwIvJevdN4 …
Old but gold.
Be careful words can come back and bite you.
Are you still embracing far-left terror group Antifa you weasel?
You need to hold mr green libel for slander comparing trump to Hitler! He needs removed because his hate blinds him from doing his work
We will not stand together with #racists or people who support #racism.
Lol. Marco, please check yourself for these symptoms: you can do better. #bantz @RichardBSpencer l
Protest by giving to causes that work against Spencer and his beliefs.
Protest by giving to causes that Spencer would hate.
Marco Rubio wants the same demographic change that destroyed Cuba, to now destroy his new country.
Oh little Marco, just carry your amnesty sign, for free giveaways? ??
@Paleoconscious 
Alt Right ideas are very appealing, backed by truth and dangerous to the establishment narrative it is the new counter culture n it will win
But... you just gave him publicity.
Socialism doesn't work.
Trumpism sure does not work. Madman Admin Governing America.
C'mon Marco.   Take the gloves off.  Show us you have as much guts as Corker.
Hey 5 foot nothing dumbass, why are you supporting flake! Just turned more people against you! Gonna end up a midget model!
Hoping the #GatorNation and everyone walks away from Richard Spencer Event. Words ring hollow in a empty hall.  Show strength ignore  him
Look at the no of RT's.  Alt-right is the future.  Embrace it or get rekt
I'm asking you to go back to Cuba and to leave American politics to Americans.... thanks bud
Do you denounce La Raza? Do you denounce other ethnic/racial organization such as the ADL, the NAACP?
Oh no, anything to make you relevant again after Trump beat you so badly. . .Richard Spencer has beautiful ideas, you don't.
Loyalty to your people is healthy & normal.

Diversity isn't.
"Diversity" is a ONE WAY STREET !
Good goy Marco!!
Please do your job and protect US from the 'moron' in the White House. Stand up for once in your life, grow a spine or stay 'Little Marco'
I can’t believe Sir that you made this statement which with a few words changed it could be said about DJT.
@PresidentFuchs @UF Marco, you spearheaded amnesty for illegals. Nobody likes you.
Breaking Medical News! Marco grows a spine?
Allow him to speak, peaceful protest, Don't let them get violent, Security Must Be Adequate!
Stop bringing up irrelevant people who would be completely unknown if you didnt bring them up. Enough with your weakly virtue signaling.
Senator, I was on your team in the primaries. Anyone who trashtalks FSU football gets my vote. But, can you please stand with Corker now?
You have the ability to lead the @gop in a new direction. Stay true to your principles and avoid the false talking points of the last 8 yrs.
Don’t be fooled! Spencer had only 20 ppl show up in Charlottesville last week. The FL kkk will show up in Spencer support after seeing this
Ditch Flake you traitor! 
Rubio working against our President!
He's on Twitter, cuz they love some racists, so call him out. @ that fool
And ur giving it to him
its time to get a network co-op station? to compete against the same old bias networks; who due same old talking points. people change. 99%
Isn't that tha same reason you don't hold town hall meetings
Don’t try to distance yourself now.
Marco, 

This Richard Spencer guy sounds oddly similar to @realDonaldTrump 
Saying he craves publicity and that people shouldn't give it to him is kinda defeated by you tweeting about him 
I have some rad biblical subtweets that I'm going to try out on Richard Spencer instead of actually confronting him about any of the horrible ideas he advocates. Hopefully, those opposed to him will think I'm on their side without his supporters realizing I'm not on their side!
What ideas?
Only other white nationalist craving publicity is the racist @POTUS you cow to every day, hypocrite. @WhiteHouse @CNN @nytimes @MSNBC @GOP
Isn't that your party's main man??
Thank you.
Which cost do you have on today democrat or republican?
Why are you headlining for Jeff Flake? #DrainTheSwamp
Thought you were on board with that Spencer is "fine people"?
What's wrong with pro-white speech? Why do you hate white people?
And yet your president refuses to denounce him & calls them fine people & you continue to stand with him
I'm sure he can drum up a bakers dozen.
Trump says Spencer is very fine man The Mercers Bannon and Trump support Spencer
@realDonaldTrump craves publicity.Desperate to incite outrage b/c terrified of speech no one shows up for.
Sounds like @realDonaldTrump, you know the guy who calls you lil marco

Once in a while you say something I like. Now say it to Trump. Tell him that racism is wrong. Keep telling him.
Spence will still have his nazi crowd that are going to travel to try to incite nonsense. @UF would have been better denying him a platform
The new outfit of white supremacist for 2017 sheets no longer required, hidden behind smiling faces. Perhaps you're standing next one now
OMG. Has your account been hacked? Why are you tweeting things that make sense?
I was thinking the same thing.  
If you are speaking out against Spencer, why the deafness on Trump? His white supremacist leanings & agenda are obvious. #BeConsistent
Lmao. Actually a racists message is not the at all. Every single story has been twisted by media.for sooo long now, there ppl now who
They will be there to support your president
About literal white supremacists: "There were good people on both sides." - @realDonaldTrump, the Republican POTUS. Your words are hollow.

HEY MARCO!

Stephen Miller is IN THE WHITE HOUSE. Can you maybe address THAT!!! Only difference, Miller is executing policy for his racism.
^Came here to say this.
Same can be said of @realDonaldTrump can't it?
All keep your beliefs in church at home I ran a church more corruption more lies that is why I say stupid ignorant humans
Where was all this courage when Trump was running
They tried when he was running, then he won :(
Today is historic. I agree with Marco Rubio for the first time.
Why tweet his name then?
He thinks he can use whatever @RichardBSpencer says as a lever to pry @realDonaldTrump from the white house. He is a young man. He has time
Do your job and get this lunatic out of office ! ! !
Or kick his ass!!!

Seems paradoxical but actually unsurprising: minorities know they have a lot to lose from weakening the norm of non-violence! @jessesingal 
