Denunciamos que la dictadura de Maduro reprime y viola los #DDHH de todos los venezolanos. https://www.pscp.tv/w/a84b_TF6WUVia05McHhRZXh8MXlwS2RyRE5lclFKV4ULYyZwgOaewWZbjXpvDbg2PpdLZcvlejPNL9l3huD0 …
Senador Venezuela necesita ayuda internacional, nos están matando SOS, AUXILIO, que les pasa
Could you help us by investigating possible weak links such as CITGO donation of $500k, non-oil supply chain to US, disappearing dissidents?
Y seguiran matando y torturando a todos los estudiantes que protestan pacificamente hasta que sea derrocado ojala sea pronto si Dios quiere
.@marcorubio Por favor ayude a Marco Coello que fue detenido por inmigración, es un error horrible.
Sr Marco Rubio si deportan a ese joven a Venezuela el régimen lo mataría, se lo pedimos interceda por él.

Que es esto????
Terrible
Gracias por todo 
Today one young man was killed in caracas for a tear gas used like a bullet. They are shooting directly to people. Please help us. #sos
#VenezuelaEnDictadura 
#venezuelaSOS 
#LiberenALeopoldo
HIS REPRESSION AND VIOLENCE IS ESCALATING. IT'S NOT JUST VIOLATIONS..PLEASE HELP VENEZUELA!
Thank you for being that voice for #Freedom in our hemisphere. We need more in-house Senators who actually speak up for #HumanRights
Yes, thank you for fighting for oppressed people around the world.
No VENEZUELA MARCO RUBIO PORQUE TRUMP US COMO POTENCIA MUNDIAL NO HA HECHO ALGO SI SE VE YA PUEBLO SE TIRO A LAS CALLE NO MAS MUERTOS POR FV
Quien eres andres ? Actor creeo que el mundo politico esta ciego no ven laviolencia  muerte en los jovenes venezolanos que tuvo panama no ?
Little Marco please talk to your best friend Trump and tell him we need the mother of all bombs hereeeee not in Afghanistan!!!
This is disgusting if we had Ronald Reagan this Venezuela thing would have been gone a long time ago
thank you for speaking out on this Senator.
Neither have our military people in the middle east. I haven't seen you comment on their hardships & fears.
AYUDENOS vladimir padrino fua a rusia seguro pedira proteccion pues tienen miedoa EEUU  NO PERMITAN Q RUSIA ENTRE A VENEZUELA
Please help to Marco Coelho. He as well as Leopoldo López were on the same process in court, he has suffered so much, and now ICE took him
@carolinna2012 @liliantintori @leopoldolopez @realDonaldTrump Venezuela must be helped, they are killing us. Do something.
#sosvenezuela  en estos momentos la mayor represión del regimen ha ocasionado dos muertes.
En #Venezuela no nos sirven pronunciamientos,la comunidad internacional debe actuar ya en contra d #DictaduraEnVzla #sos
Maduro reprime y mata a la ciudadanía con su narco FFAA en felona alianza con paramilitares. Asi permanece en la corrupción y narcotráfico
Marco que sabes del joven Marco Coello?? Un caso icono de torturas del gobierno venezolano! Si hay alguien que merece un asilo es el 
I want to talk about healthcare. Why don't you hold a townhall? And what about this? Are you better than us? WTF! http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/4/25/1656350/-Latest-Trumpcare-proposal-has-an-exemption-It-exempts-Republicans-from-Trumpcare-WTF …

The U.S. and their allies are at it again... here's a 7 step guide on how to kill a revolution. 
Can th Usa help Venezuela Senator. How bout you speak up instead spend time run for president
B tardes le sigo y admiro confirme situación de Marco Cohelo
Sr Marco Rubio, demuestre su compromiso con la democracia y por favor medie por la liberación de Marco Coello.

#dreamers being deported will not be able to see their families for an unknown period of time #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #findamoralcompass
Do you represent Venezuelan citizens, or US citizens, Little Pay to Play Marco? I'm confused.
I supported Trump but I'm angry Trump doesn't see Maduro as threat to security interest of US.  Do something  URGENT more sanctions.
@freejoshholt remains in prison without being charged or any court date since June, denied medical treatment and basic human rights
I know your DC office is meeting his mom today, please help them @freejoshholt
The same thing is happening to the innocent families you and 45 are breaking up with your immigration round-up. #VoteThemOut
You fo know that 3 muslims are running the country. DO SOMETHING,stop talking about it.
Rubio... why don't you put Ven-mil on notice, team 6 to fix!
Marco send in casco azuls UN#the only solution
And you're a little puppet little Marco. Why don't you worry about your people in Cuba?
I faxed your office a proposal to help with the vetting in Syria. Former green beret ready and willing to help secure our borders! #DOL
Town hall with constituents would be a good move for Sen. Casper!
I'm sorry about these poor people but why dont U defend moms & dream kids being picked up in US?
You're garbage Rubio... when have you held a town hall meeting? #COWARD
as you detain many and destroy families in your own USA worry about human rights at home
You probably should be more involved in the Senate matters for our nation than doing this kind of stuff.
we are on the edge of possible war with North Korea.we don't need to worry about Venezuela.  Focus on the USA please and get something done.
When are you and trump going to do something about it stop tweeting and do something for a change
How about U concentrate on our own dictator?
Senador porque las Naciones Unidas o los EEUU han tolerado esa situación?
You know NOTHING about human rights...
Que triste estimado senador Rubio como ustedes le prestan atención a una socialista pero no a gente que realmente vale la pena con propuesta
Sr Rubio contenta que llame las cosas como son. Venezuela/Ecuador violacion de los derechos humanos persecución de opositores y periodistas.
@marcorubio HELP, TIME FOR USA INTERVENTION...NO MORE CASTRO COMMUNIST DICTATORSHIP AND MASSACRE OF VENEZUELANS. FREEDOM NOW! FUERA MADURO!!
Why not focus on Trump/Russia and please explain how McConnell and Ryan and Pence can be involved and you don't know?
Venezuelans will solve this problem themselves.
you suck Rubio. ass kisser conspiracy cover up..moving to vote you out!
You voted for the puppet of the guy who controls Venezuela's puppet.
Sen cuánto lamento q Ud dé más atención a una socialista q a genuina Derecha q somos muchos en Vzla y q le apoyamos. Por qué no nos atiende?
#Venezuela is perfect opportunity to discuss and show Americans the real results of Socialism yet I hear very little discussion about it.
You're always talking about Maduro. He's your buddy Trump's friend. 500k to his campaign. Hypocrisy. #fakepresident.
Actually, donation went to the Inauguration & was made frm Vz state-owned PVDSA oil account thru it's US affiliate Citgo Petro.
So that makes it ok? It's from Maduro since he runs the state & the oil companies. Also how is to Drumpf inauguration not to Drumpf? 
Immigration reform is needed.  Building new jails is not.
Surely you must be as concerned about 45* and hus deportation poki2here in the United States.   What happened to immigration reform?
You sit on the committee that has done nothing on investigation of trump camp colluding w Russia for 3 months.
ohh cut off the bullshit. have some dignity. be a man
Can't even do your job for your constituents. Do you really think you can do outside this country? Time for new job where you are relevant.
Help Venezuela.
Viva Venezuela 
I had been listening 2 Ms. Tintori on FB!
The world should engage & show solidarity w/ the oppressed people of Venezuela. TY 4ur loud voice!
How about the oppressed people of the United States.
Why don't you tell me about you? Who oppresses you?
Nobody is oppressed in the US, that's why Pat didn't reply. Just another antagonistic comment from a liberal.
You are right!
Muy triste lo que esta pasando en Venezuela...
Please be vocal about this beleaguered nation.  No news on TV
Help US, the Maduro regime violates all our human rights and armed civilians to kill if we protest for lack of food, medicine #SOSVenezuela
Lo que nesecitamos los venezolanos es una INTERVENCIÓN de Estados Unidos en Venezuela para que acabe con el dictador de MADURO
I don't see this working well for the Us, Venezuela is a dictatorship, and they have allowed many passports to be obtained illegally .
Keep fighting the fight! Thank you It feels like things might be shifting, hopefully.
Shifting toward impeachment...
Senador, Delcy R. canciller de Venezuela acaba de amenazar con sacar el país de la @OEA_oficial si países miembros se reúnen mañana.
Maduro is obviously terrified of Lilian & Leopoldo's influence otherwise he wouldn't care about them. Maduro is a #dictator who s/b removed
GLAD YOU CARE SENATOR RUBIO 
GOD BLESS YOU 
If he gave a shit he wouldn't have endorsed Trump. Putin controls him and Maduro.
Face your constituents! #floridiansdeservetobeheard #townhallnow
This is the time to bring Maduro, Cabello, and alAissami to justice. No more deaths. SOS Venezuela!!!!
Senator just few minutes ago Venezuelan counsel said if tomorrow the @OEA_oficial meet to talk about Venezuela crisis, they will leave it!
sr rubio ayudenos maduro masacra al pueblo. #Venezuela
hey Marco fund the wall and wiry about Americans
Why Can't you do Both?
