Caring about the people from Venezuela when the US citizens living in PR don't have equality, can't even vote for @POTUS .
Nunca podrás comparar la barbarie que estamos viviendo aquí, con crueles muertes, torturas y violación de DDHH con simple igualdad ciudadana
si tú quieres seguir siendo menos pues es tu decisión. No mezclas la criminalidad con igualdad, dos temas diferentes.
Yo,ni los Venezolan@s somos 'menos'. Menos son los criminales, corruptos, narcotraficantes que están sometiendo a todo un país a la barbarie
Tan poco tiempo era un país vibrante. Me da mucho tristeza pero es un asunto que los venezolanos van a teñir que resolver.
Si, es muy duro y triste. Por eso valoramos mucho el apoyo de la Comunidad Internacional, a la cual pertenecemos. Sin duda, solucionaremos!♡
Muchas bendiciones a Venezuela! Voy a ustudes
Graciasssss!!!! lo agradezco de todo corazón!!
@marcorubio thank you so much there no words that can describe how thankful the people of Venezuela are. You are that angel GOD send our way
He's no angel. He's using Venezuela to be his "cause". We are fighting against tyranny here, and he doesn't care about his own people.
Si vivieras la crueldad, torturas y barbarie que estamos viviendo aquí, también seria un ángel para ti, para nosotros es esperanza, un Ángel
I sympathize. My own parents survived Hitler's concentration camps. We are trying to avoid a similar future. Trump admires Putin & Maduro.
Gracias...Wow, no sabía eso...
So glad he cares more about Venezuela than his citizens in Florida
He is a senator in charge of the Foreign Affair. He is doing his job. Try to be well informed
Si, trabaja junto con Nikki en la ONU, brindando el apoyo y la ayuda ante tanta crueldad q estamos viviendo ahora en Venezuela. Es Valiente!
Militares institucionales están apoyando pueblo contra Maduro Gente a calle Cacerolear para apoyar esos militares No bajas miente tiranía
Deeply disappointed that @marcorubio does not care about Americans- how dare he pretend to care about Venezuelans.  #deathcare
La crisis en Venezuela es demasiado fuerte y peligrosa de llegar a extenderse para el Mundo y Marco Rubio realmente logró ver el peligro...♡
Traitor to the American people lets vote him out of office 2018
Thanks you for spearheading this effort.  It is very much in the USA's interest to stop the creation of this totalitarian state.
Gracias♡ , realmente necesitamos su apoyo, esta situación es terrible, cruel, una barbarie sin piedad, muy triste. Muy fuerte de vivir.
He obviously cares more about what is happening in Venezuela that about his own country
Que lástima q en el mundo existan personas egoistas como tu q solo critican la labor de Senador como Marco R.hacen para bien de la Humanidad
Si!El está realizando una excelente labor! agradeceremos infinitamente su apoyo en Rescate de nuestra Democracia y cruel momento q vivimos.
Venezuela, the people of venezuela still need help though..
Si, es muy cruel esta situación, muy triste...
Y Diosdado???...llevenselooo!!!
God bless you Senators for all you are doing. Haters are clueless and many are trolls with no life.
Agreed,  he should not cop out but the people of Venezuela do need the help. It'd be nice he also stood tall against 45's mayhem
As Americans, we have to have compassion for people no matter if the country is in turmoil or not.  Thank you for your compassion Mr.Rubio.
Gracias ♡
How about we just send our hateful senator to hell.
Rubio sponsored a bill to make it a felony  to crioticize Muslims! he needs to be  held for treason!
i wish you cared about our country as much as you do these countries STAND UP FOR THE USA for once
So glad you care about the people in Venezuela but what about the people in your home state.  Leave your hands off our health care.

MASIVO #RT #Venezuela #15F Después q Falleció, 96 Decretos"Firmados por Chavez"Todos elaborados por #HernanEscarrá 
Where are Diosdsdo Cabello and Vladimir Padrino??
Thanks very much for helping Venezuela with thosr sanctions
It's a custom of USA to besiege without presenting evidence to countries when they don't do what the United States wants TheseCountriesToDo.
   %     the best !!
Deberian incluir en esa lista a Hernan Escarra por ser el promotor de imponer la ANC que actua en contra de la ley y de todos en Vzlanos
He must have taken a big donor check from someone in Venezuela.
10 SON MUY POCOS. 
ES COMO QUITARLE UN TOBO DE AGUA AL MAR.
Hi,  Mr. Rubio in your list  no appear Diosdado Cabello, Why?,
We feel for Venezuela and her people, but we are fighting against tyranny HERE. Rubio ignores his own constituents. How much did Russia pay?
Rusia apoya a Maduro!. Mejor informate bien! El Senador Marco Rubio no aceptaría pagos, el hace su labor por nosotros con amor y desinterés.
Why is Diosdado Cabello NOT on the list? He is the capo of venezuelan narco trafiquers. Did he lobby $$ his way out of that list?
10 names nobody knows,what about @dcabellor @Tibisay_Lucena @jorgerpsuv & other big killers? Why is USA still buying oil from this killers?
Recuerden que Cabello debería de estar de primerito en la lista
This is ridiculous this list only has 10 persons nobody knows,the big killers are laughing and killing,they don't go to USA they like Paris
Y los que faltan es esa lista q luego tendrá que pasarse a Tribunal de la Haya
Gracias senador por apoyar al pueblo venezolano. Nuestro pueblo clama protección ante un régimen que le está violando sus derechos.
Rubio ahora se a convertido en todo un Chota,
Those 2 are so full of it/ y don't they sanction China and their abuses. Wait, no Hispanics in China. Do I see a pattern here?
Mothers that have children serving can't vote for @POTUS Is that  fair Mr. President
Por favor compartense mi entrevista alrededor de #venezuelalibre. https://youtu.be/cS356ob176c 
Excelente iniciativa, que no naden libremente e ir cerrándoles la bombona de oxigeno.Todo lo que oxigene al régimen debe detenerse. Thank's
Señor marcos rubio que sanciones sean individual y queden presos e ilegitimos de los cargos actuales
#sosvenezuela #sosvenezuela #sosvenezuela
Great news. Need more of this. Also need total embargo. No more oil buying and freeze assets. Remember they nationalized us co assets
Rubio's stand on foreign policy is spot on but his take on healthcare is troubling. Got similar issues with other politicians nowadays.
QUIEREN SANCIONES  PARA 10 ESBIRROS MÁS
You @POTUS @VP @nikkihaley are the true heros of the new millennium. Thank you so much
Rubio must be trying to cover something up,. Dirty criminal, he must be removed from office!
You mean an initiative of Rubio's moves forward hours after he casts vote for DJT destructive agenda despite will of constituents? #shocker
You just sanctioned us with your cold hearted vote to cut tax for your owners at the expense of vulnerable Floridians. Shame
Today will make or break the future of the Republican Party. Either GOP senators will do what they said they will do, or lie to the people.
La VERDAD DE VENEZUELA EN DOS PALABRAS: NOS SAQUEARON el país.  Esto va más allá de una simple dictadura o de un mal gobierno
@carlaangola @marcorubio @SenatorMenendez @POTUS what about Diosdado Cabello?
@marcorubio Marco necesitamos acciones más contundentes q acaben con ésta NARCO-DICTADURA! Los venezolanos t lo agradeceríamos #SosVenezuela
Hypocrite tough on Venezuela yet silent when the man u endorsed 4 prez attacks media, private enterprise acting AG and FBI director. Coward!
Hit to spine maduro's finance!! Zerpa and MalpicaFloreZ move and clean their dirty money
Vergacion
So now any foreign political beefs you have just ask Trump to sanction them? I dont doubt the foreigners are shady but so are the senators!!
Your vote today to take healthcare away fro millions of Americans was shameful. Come reelection time we will remember today.
Your office voicemail was full. Just know as one of your constituents I am not pleased! Your yes vote was unconsciousable.
Honest to God Rubio we don't care about Venezuela right now, we are falling apart!!!
Who gives a damn about Venezuela? They have what they voted for!
What's with Marco's obsession with Venezuela. He should pay attention to OUR growing banana republic!
Let's try to resume it. @marcorubio is trying exactly to avoid the EE UU to be, a Banana Republic! He keeps fighting for democracy & freedom
Worried more about Venezuela than The U.S. Than the 22 million Americans he is trying to kick off health care. Evil, keep reading your bible
Breaking: Man without a spine and faux Senator concerns himself more with a foreign dictator than the dictator right under his nose
EXCELENTE! They all have assets here and some live here!!
Senator, I think you forgot to include Diosdado Cabello on your list
Not even a press release on healthcare huh? You make me hate myself for having voted for you @marcorubio!
Is that in exchange for today's vote? Remember you're a US senator not Venezuelan.
.@marcorubio acts like he's a Venezuelan senator instead of an American one. How I wish that were true.
Thanks for throwing Floridians under the bus, spineless jellyfish !
Thanks we don't need communists nor criminals here
Anything about your Russian Money  #gopussia
