they were in church. Maybe God could have blessed them by not blowing them up?
Do you actually think that comment is constructive? Read the Bible and you may start with having a clue of who God is and isn't
More constructive than yours
the one word used to describe the bible: convenient
My family was at that Church. Glad you think that's funny.
But you are intellectual superior because you don't believe in God right?
If you think not believing in stories that have absolutely no supporting evidence to substantiate their validity makes one smarter, then yes
I Don't. As a matter of fact if you had any intellectual capacity you would understand..
I can not believe how many people deny that God exists. Lord I pray for these lost souls that the Holy Spirit will sear their hearts.
You're insane
Marco...do you think "god" is paying attention?  Seriously?
God IS paying attention. He is ALWAYS paying attention. Read the Bible.
Horrible news in America innocent killed by adult gun violence #stronger gun laws
Does your god bless the millions of people that will go without adequate health care due to your vote to kill Title X?
Seriously? This is where you are throwing that tired old grenade?
Many prayers for the victums
The problems with Christians and Muslims is faulty human interpretation of each other.
Praying for #Egypt 
Praying for Christians and Jews all over the world.
That is not what I said ot wished, but this week is Holy for Christians everywhere.
They are celebrating Hanuka
It's not ignorance it's stupidity on my part for engaging with someone like you, who never gets confused.
too late for "God" to bless them..."God" is dead...
True!!!!
do you really care? honestly, because your true colors have asserted themselves, what's a vpn?
God have mercy on us.

this is palm sunday in #lattakia #syria under #assad control..which u and ur state attack to support islamist like the bomber
doubt you even know much about coptic christians
You've heard it said 'Never let your right hand know what your left hand is doing'. -What's my government up to right now?
That shit is fucked. But God doesn't exist
Praying for you
See what your little rocket show caused?
Seriously? Should Assad be allowed to gas everybody? You would feel different if it was in your back yard.
Assad gases the children, and we bomb the children's parents. Brilliant.
#Pandering
god   sucks....he  let it happen
So sad, praying for #EgyptAttack #PalmSundaybombings
be nice if you tweeted 1/3rd as much about local Florida business issues as u give tweets on other countries , go work for the UN please!
Assad fighting Jihadists You applaud Trump bombing of Syria whose fighting IS when is Trump going to fight the real enemy ? Bastardised act
May the GOP have fewer hypocritical policies! #FakePresident #EmolumentsClause
Horrible news in FL: Marco Rubio is still in office.
Horrible news. You just don't get it. Probably never will. Sad for you.
Amen
What about your victims?  #PlannedParenthood #Obamacare #BlackLivesMatter #hungrychildren #MealsonWheels #AmericanDemocracy
Dude, you're America's premier suicide bomber as long as you've been a politician! You're done, resign and leave the country!
See how all the gods blessed those killed and or injured, ruined lives, families torn apart. Prayers are lip service, just like your concern
Pero tu no sabes lo es la iglesia copta, idiota.
ISIS claimed responsibility and YOU praised Trumps using missiles to help ISIS!!!!
Stop pretending you care.
How about taking out Jihadists Marco.
Liberals rejoice
Sorry To Here This Sad News."
Please listen your Senator @SenRichardBlack, a great man (Southern) who defends Orthodox Christians
so u support jihadists in Syria who kill Christians & then have the chutzpa to tweet on Christians in Egypt murdered by these?

You support the very same terrorist who are killing Christians in  #Syria, you hypocrite. Nothing but crocodile tears from you. You are Fake
@Purrpatrol 
Sorry God does not bless. It has left human to his fate. Let's live in world of reality.
wait. Your bio says you are Hindu. I respect your religion. It is Islam killing us. Save your arguments for jihadis
Don't mind. Its a lesson to Vatican & churches for falsehood and Islam is a death cult, pray a ghost, Dark force.
Refocus your attention on Radical Islam not Assad. DO YOUR JOB.
religious belief systems thus more mental illness.
God certainly didn't bless them.There is no god&that IS the problem.they were IN a 'Godly' place.. holy sheot Rubio!This helps build MORE
Amen
Praying...it's literally the least you can do
Will we ever wake up?
now, they are 1000 times a better option then the murderus wahhabi inspired ideologues. Wahhabism is the number 1 enemy of civilized minds
You want to bomb the guy who protected the Christians in Syria for a very long time. I'm a Christian Lebanese, I hated that family forever
And yet you want to support them in Syria by bombing the guy who's killing them; it's beyond the comprehension of the human mind
Thank your buddy for that. Used to think you were a good guy then you caved
Is little Marco running for something?...mmm. he seems to... involved, could he be brown nosing grandpa?. Learn Romney's lesson little man
But you know... Fuck the Muslims.  Just bless the good guys.
We must keep them in are prayers
our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by this horrific act
andrew cuomo strikes fear in those who wish bet horses @ Nassau otb on sunday april 16, call joseph cairo 516-572-2800 ny const art 1 sec 3
so sad praying for victims,and families
Praying for all in Egypt . So sad that Christians are fair game for mis guided individuals who can't accept a world for everyone. Sad 
God is going to have to do it because the US has never help the Christian communities in under seiged in the Middle east.
Bad things happen.  You gonna back the CORRUPT.@realDonaldTrump  if he leads us into a war. The unhinged Narcissist needs to be impeached.
Why couldn't god just save their lives?
God bless you Rubio. The prayers and blessings of our new martyr be with us.
Those gangsters are exactly the same people you support in Syria
May God bless all of the victims and give solice to their loved ones. When will this hatred against christians stop? Pray Pray  @FoxNews
I really don't understand American politicians one day you're supplying Rebels the next you are condemning them for killing people with them
Sorry but how is that relative?
But will we finally recognize evil as evil, or will we continue to ignore it and allow the innocent to be killed and enslaved?
Praying for Christians and Jews all over the world.
Young Coptic acolyte martyred today by the Islamists... but USA dont' care ot this, as prefers to make war to Syria then Russia
Any blessings for the poor and homeless, uninsured, working poor, single moms, hungry, disenfranchised here at home????
Horrible . But this shows more attention must be paid to terrorist non state actors. They are a threat to all everywhere.
@FoxNews Disappointed in Fox while tragedys striking CNN is on it FOXNews has reruns disgusting slow uninformed when news hits around world
while you guys cheer ISIS advances in Syria

You are shameless. The protector of Christians in Syria is Assad.
@Gavin_McInnes
The Islamists who did this are the same nutcases being armed & funded by CIA & cohorts operation 'Timber Sycamore
Irony being it would've been religion and god that prompted them to do it in the first place
This has been happening for over 1,000 years, question is; will we allow to happen for another 1,000?
Should we bomb Egypt lil Marco?
Yeah, that's just what they need...Twitter prayers
How bout instead of leaving it up to God, YOU stop sending bombs to the Middle East?
We need to wipe these terrorist vermin from the face of God's earth.
So very sad
Violence will only encourage more violence.   STOP.
Bad newa
Sad
So instead of bombing isis everywhere, we bomb the guy who IS bombing isis everywhere.... Smooth move. Makes no sense atall.
Is it okay with you & your fellow Rs that DT is playing golf, at taxpayers expense, while Syria is being bombed and war ships are gathering?
Please, oh never mind. Yes O was such a committed had worker. He was sooo much better. Clueless Marcia
Please drop the pretentious God smack senator. He's not coming.
Now the @GOP is now so worried about the Middle east ? You had 8 years to help solve this issue. But no, you obstructed instead. Hypocrites.
#PalmSunday

Any neocon prescription involving cruise missiles? Regime change?

Pictures...
Thank you for supporting our POTUS. America stands strongly with him! God Bless President Trump and the USA!!!
Very sad. Praying for #Egypt 
Absolutely! #comelordjesus
Horrible news from America. Marco Rubio is still in the Senate. #SelfTermLimit Marco.
Which god?  And if one existed if where was he? Making breakfast? He certainly wasn't at church.
Praying for you to find God's grace and love 
Let's start being direct and honest. All of Islam is radical based on dispicable ideas. All Muslims want non Muslims dead! Ban Islam in USA!
Let's ban all religion.
Your village called, they want you back.
What are you doing to fix healthcare? What are you doing to fix jobs? How are you earning the $174,000 salary is taxpayers pay you?
Blame the so called our friends Qatar ,Saudi Arabia and Egypt
God isn't going to fix this.
#PalmSunday~ praying God's strength and protection for the persecuted Christians~
May the world unite on these words.
Assad has protced many christians..just like Saadam did and US wants him out with no proper replacement
Don't b fooled. Saddam Hussein was loyal to no one. He only cared about his own power.
Quick. Lets get rid of Assad so the same can happen there.
Why don't you feel bad for our own children dying from Chemicals in the water in Flint Michigan? Oh yeah it's Republican Governor!
Yes, we pray for the victims of the church bombings in Egypt.
Just remember that by doing so you invite and even encourage more of this behavior.

Sad
God bless you @marcorubio and God bless America!! 
You are an empty suitcase little Marco.
So why are you not fighting harder to #banislam here in US? Jews, Christians, nonMuslims less important?Not filling your wallet?

So are you going to keep allowing Muslims into the USA or are you going to stop this Invasion. They will not assimilate to our Values
Keep living in your Fantasy liberal head. Just remember there's a Muzzie out there that would love to decapitate you.
And why anyone would want to open our doors to such Christian haters is beyond me!
7
Ok
Horrible!  Isis is a bunch of yellow belly cowards who's only reward is eternity in hell!
Islam is the problem... is a terrorist faith.
And what are you really going to do besides strutting and crowing like a little banty rooster?
Hopefully this war against Christians will stop now that we don't have a Muslim in office anymore.
Waiting for @realDonaldTrump response. He's now trying to figure out difference between a Coptic Christian and a Copper Fishnut
Your pandering again RINO
And may God protect Christianity!
But fuck everybody else right!? Religion: creating fear and division for centuries.
They like to pay lip service and perpetuate the cycle of death.
Just read about it on fb. What do you think Mr.Trump will do? What should he do?
palm Sunday?R U assuming We R all Catholics?Where is the separation of church & state?
Tweet
REMEMBER THIS TWEET

Marco Rubio:
"We also thank @BarackObama @MichelleObama for your service to our country. May God bless you ."
That's set? No asking the president to retaliate against Islamists as he did after the chemical attack?! Christians life not cheap
These men and women that go into to other countries knowingly that freedom of religion is not so free is the same as our military in a sense
when people become numb to tragedy of others it speaks volumes to their own void of love and humanity
Killing the innocent is only bringing  #hell closer to #earth. Please STOP. KILLING WILL NOT BRING CHANGE #peace
Amen 
this is part of the new Era. Globalist lije Soro paying and supporting this to achieve a one world order
Why are terror attacks worse & happening in more places more frequently?  Because USA does not have a real president. They feel emboldened.
That is beyond stupid. Or you lived in a bunker for few decades.
When will the world have had enough? We need to take the fight to them, they are cowards and will run. Eye for an eye
Is committing suicide an act of failing mental health?
Marco Rubio does not know that under Assad Syrian Christians were protected as were all minorities. If Assad is removed they will be killed.
Rubio doesnt care because Rubio is a fcking fraud
You have NO CREDIBILITY.  EVERYBODY HATES WASHINGTON DC
Why would #god care about the victims now when he clearly didn't care before? If any god actually existed.
