Empty words
and our twittler in chief is insulting them in their time of suffering because he is a moron!

That's terror too.
He speaks about the UK but he won't hold a #townhallnow!  #resist #cowardRUBIO #NOSHOWRUBIO
Yes Bill he doesn't even get the part that America breeds their own self grown American citizen Terrorists - you don't have to import them!
Oh Bill you must have been smoking delusional images of your hopes and dreams in thinking Trump is protecting you!

Marco Rubio Got $1 Million in 2016 for his Super PAC-From Pro-Putin Ukrainian-Uncovered by @Funder #TrumpRussia
http://bipartisanreport.com/2017/06/05/marco-rubio-exposed-in-career-threatening-1-million-money-funnel-from-ukrainian-to-putin/ …
When will you and your party stand up to trump? He's dividing our country and our allies. Putin is getting his way.
But your hero buddy does not - bully Trump is all about himself only! Sick sick
Remember: 

When Trump ATTACKED the City and Mayor of London....

Rubio said and did what he always does......
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
What are you doing about the travel ban do something about the travel ban pass one for yourself protect American people
We're all united with the U.K., but it's going to take more than that to solve their problem.  Thank God we have "The Donald" protecting us.
Washington Post says it and the world knows it: Venezuela is governed by the Drug Cartel most powerful in the world. #Venezuela #350Ya
Is there anyone in your party that can stop Trump from posting insulting, ill-informed and egregious texts like his response to this attack?
U.K. should be aleart of tourist that are rooming about the country
Your silence on the workplace attack in Orlando is deafening! Lives in your state of FL don't matter as much as those in England
There was a mass shooting in your state. No comment?
However, your president has attacked the London mayor. How is that standing united. And, you remain silent. Weak. Very weak.
Why don't you do something about this sick president?
Tell that to all liberal judges. Its not Marco s fault
Clown  signed EO's. By the way, none of them matter. Seriously, look it up.
The one who didn't advocate hatred and bigotry? Or grab women by their Pussies?!?
By "United with UK," I hope you don't mean we'll institute martial law & tyranny in response to Islamic terrorist attacks, as PM May may do!
How can you said we stand united with great britain, when our president says  and acts the opposite!
hoy siguen muriendo jóvenes asesinados,miles d presos,torturas,niños mueren por desnutrición,sin medicinas,nadie hace nada
"Islamic terrorism and colonialism is common Zionists-Islam plan to kill Christianity" Rabbi D Touitou http://galliawatch.blogspot.fr/2015/10/les-brigandes-sing-of-great-replacement.html …
Not lately...  matter of fact, not since 1/20/17...
everyone except your president...
There is someone who doesn't seem to think like that. And curiosly he sits in the oval office.... go figure....
"As a US senator, my biggest regret is that I was not able to participate in massacre of Coptic martyrs in Libya. I hate Christians" M Rubio
SENADOR EL PUEBLO DE VENEZUELA  LE SOLICITA TRAMITAR L LA REVOCATORIA DE LA VISA A TODOS LOS QUE SE POSTULEN A LA  ASAMBLEA  CONTITUTENTE
"Russians ar our mortals enemy because they are Christians, not Salafism which we support" Joint declaration Rubio Mc-Cain
The only ones who can fix their problems are THEM.  Stop letting other come in WITHOUT assimilating.  Diversity is dividing not Uniting.
Take the idiot out of our whitehouse so that we can better deal with a complex world.  Or, are you part of the corruption?
schweikart huh?German?like trump?well scheizerkart did u know Germany dislikes trump,your trump support says ur iq level#so sad.
we need international help, no one has weapons, just narco-government, this video I send you is stark reality how they are massacring us,
how bout addressing trumps mental illness,thoughts  prayers for that huh.thoughts prayers for an incompetent  Putin puppet in dc
Still nothing from you about Portland?
Praying for London May we all stay Strong and United as 1 nation God watch over us all ..
All of us join you  your country problem  with our hopes to people to be in peace
We only thoughts and prayers that you have is how you can line your pockets with money out of this somehow.
Does it? BC it appears our president is using it as an excuse to spread hate and ignorance.
Man no matter how many thoughts and prayers we get out there, it doesn't ever seem to make a difference
Thanks for responding appropriately.
That's very nice.  Now save healthcare for the 23 million Americans
Um not according to the POTUS tweet! I find you cowardly as my Senator but at least this message is more presidential than the 1 from POTUS!
The time for thoughts and prayers are over! #islamicterrorism #wakethehellup
Get on board and help Trump in congress please action not talk

GOP in House and Senate have lost right to speak for States united against Trump
What terror attack was this? I get them confused...
When will this racism by the GOP stop!!! Speak out! Please.
Thanks for being you Marco.
Can you please stand up to @realDonaldTrump sending embarrassing tweets to a grieving country?
Rubio2020
Britain celebrates DIEversity.
90% of all terrorist activities are funded by Saudi Arabia.
Thoughts and prayers?  Super original 
The wall will be a good first start at home Senator, get on the program of tax plan, healthcare, and wall it is what we voted for
The good person out of his good treasure brings forth good, and the evil person out of his evil treasure brings forth evil.
U know u have the authority to actually do something. Aside from disingenuous "thoughts and prayers" @wsj @nytpolitics
Why are the Bad gov't killing Us
Stand guard st our borders and build that wall!!! And fire these traitorous judges who hate the Constitution and American way of life!
your thoughts and prayers are just that
I am with you Senator. My heartfelt prayers go out to the families of the fallen and to those injured in the hospitals. we stand w/them all.
#Pig
Enough thoughts and prayers!!
It's getting old.
end your witch hunts and leakings, and show up for work on real shit and tell the FBI to investigate terrorists not conspiracies
And u stood with Betsy Devos
You clowns in Congress and the Intel agencies are united only in making a mockery of the US w/Russian fairytales & leaking shit
@realDonaldTrump is trying to exploit the attack not support the U.K.  Shameful actions that you ignore
Praying for London
We don't need prayers from our
Best ask your master about that.
This is the danger the world faces today. May their souls rest in peace
Get stuff done while you can Mr. Rubio. No guarantee the Republican s will win the midterms. PLEASE.
I understand that you are one of the few Senators that is willing to stand up for the American people on Healthcare-save the 23 million
Well if your sorry we must keep the travel ban and stop these judges from what we want . We pay you
F- those who attack the innocent!! Payback is in order!!! 
por favor el oeste de Caracas siendo reprimido salvajemente intervengan es lucha desigual
I've been missing your thoughts and prayers to the victims of white supremacists and racists here in the USA.
Thoughts and prayers are not very useful now. Action needed.
You forgot the word terrorists in front of "attacks".
don't want to hear thoughts & prayers.  want to hear deport them back to where they came from.
Praying for them!
Rino.
Now Marco please get these people out all of them
Get what people out?
People of any nation, who are here illegally. Clear it out and enforce the law. I don't care how long or what they do. Staying is not an opt
Thanks to Trump they don't care what we say.

I'm praying  too
I'm a pickle and I would be a better president than trump
Thank you, Senator Rubio. Too bad most of these repugnant trolls cannot appreciate a good man.
They are blinded by hatred. God Bless our Senator!
No, some of us do. You belong to the party of "America first." Which made it clear you are not with the world. You're an embarrassment to it
And those Americans who will be slaughtered by the weapons your boy Trump sold to Saudi Arabia? Treasonous pigs!!!!!
Stand united?  Come on.  You coward politicians will do nothing to stop Islamic terrorism.  You wrote this purely for political reasons
Agree with you that we need to stand united with the  !
Marco they elected a Muslim mayor that told them to get used to terrorists. I can't stand with stupid!
Why don't you support the travel ban publicly? I'm with @potus
Yeah but if UK attacked US may not defend... Art 1 NATO
As far as I know we still in NATO
The people do you but you and your derelict prez only care about filling your pockets, lying, false praying and Russia. 2018.
And don't forget to dim the lights ,pray for peace sing happy songs blah blah blah
No, "thoughts & prayers" are meaningless without ACTION. Our President takes action, while you senators & the courts try to kill us.
Little Marco prob wants Russia
Marco, most Americans do stand with the U.K. apparently the GOP doesn't.  Why else would the "party" allow the US to be owned by Russia?
That's why we most definitely stand up for our President Trump. We have to obtain the green light to the screening on immigrants
Terrorism they tell us can't stop get use to it! Illegal 's committing crimes in US get use to it,controlling climate we can do?
Both thoughts and prayers. Wow. That's helpful
@GOP  @SpeakerRyan  @TheJusticeDept @POTUS you are making the world uglier again & the US unsafe.   America and democracy over party.
Mr Rubio, you & the rest of the GOP need to get your act together and REALLY SUPPORT our POTUS. Get this travel ban, vetting  & wall built.
No one's buying your pity crap Marco! Clearly, you stand only w greed and corruption. Voters will remember your complicity!  remember that!
Thoughts and prayers do nothing. Neither do Trump's tweets. For fucks sake, DO something.
Screw your prayers...send money!
Way to be a #brokenrecord
We can stand united but something needs to be done time for action against these terrorist  defend yourself people get smart
Is that all u got?  Thoughts and prayers?   Jesus is watching Marco - DO YOUR JOB.
Jesus is my landscaper, very nice guy. Why is he watching you? That's creepy.
So reassuring to know Marco favors same feelzgood open borders policies that will invite similar ataqs in USA.
Tolerancia a los intorelantes?Ama a tus enemigos pero no peques de inocente. Hay una lucha continua dijo Pablo.Los demonios se materializan
Time to keep Americans safe.
Thank you Marco. You make #TeamMarco proud! God Bless You!
Sen. Rubio did nothing extraordinary by adding the victims to his prayers. I'm sure you did too and don't expect accolades.
Senator Rubio, I do not recognize our America anymore.  Hate is abounding everywhere. Do the right thing!
We are mainly atheists here in London. So skip the prayers please & deal with US gun laws instead. We'd like that. Thanks.
Just save us the Politically Correct Crap .. the UK is now being Assimilated by ISLAM, turned back on Western Culture.
Free pass into USA.  Thank the judges and congress!!!
Thoughts & Prayers LLC
kinkos makes stamps. you should get one with those sentiments on it, save you some time
Can you translate? Plain english
Marco thinks it's racist that Trump is trying to avoid these types of thoughts and prayers incidents in the US via extreme vetting
Not enough.
You wanted to be POTUS but we now have a POTUS who wants to be King?  What are you going to do? You are either lion or lamb?
Lil Marco is lamb.
That's fine Rubio but the Republicans & Democrats need to work together (stand united) for the good of the American people!!
When will you put country over party??
Marco you are a coward, plain and simple . you turned your back on your constituents. You can't turn your back on papi trump...correct?
You in Burbank r not his constituent so stop drinking the kool aide
honest question. Do you already have a prewritten terror attack form that you just copy/paste every week.
Hey Senator, why do your prayers not achieve anything?
US government now alerts. Very important 
Security everiday to people. Thanks
Oh boy oh boy oh boy THOUGHTS AND PAPAPAPAPAHRAYYYYYYYEEEEEERRRRSSSSSSS Aren't we lucky you "sent" them!!!! 
Senator your words a kind and touching. The guilty is Putin this is classic KGB don't trust State Dept they will lie.  Trust History!
Amen
Enough with the thoughts and prayers...they are needed, but what else will be done? Hasta cuando?
Hasta que Dios ponga su mano hay que orar por los que sufren ahora
They asked for it, no, they voted for it.  They INSISTED ON IT.
I would have voted for you ... thank God you lost in the primaries
Marco, please say what you mean. We have to destroy them . You know better. You're descendent from Cubans like me
You can't STAND UNITED with someone that refuses to help themselves. They are ALLOWING THEIR OWN DEATH.
Again. We need to stay vigilant!
Travel ban now!
Go back to your room Little Marco - there are men talking here.
This is what Trump should have Tweeted. Not his 'all about me me me' tweets! Actually, he should be preparing a statement & calling PM
But I'm sure she would rather not hear from him & definitely cannot trust him with Intel!
He is golfing again,  so...
I wish he was golfing in FL and get eaten by a gator!
Well, I wish him no ill, he is just not qualified for the job
He is more qualified than the last one, Obama never had a job, made a payroll, & gave away billions to the leader of terrorist central Iran
Oooooh that's really help! Do something about it! Don't just talk, we need actions!
Do you want him to turn into Superman?
it's time for Europe and Britain to reconsider globalism.
You are a dreamer
Must be global warming.
Stands united. Sounds good but let's go kick some butt.
This is Islamic terror. I hope you can admit so this time
Well said Dammit
Your funny
No, we don't remain united and your commander-in-chief is the problem.  You have no balls, l'ill marco. You are a joke..
#SecureTheBorder Marco
Yes pray for them but get that travel ban passed!! And deport and ban all Muslims NOW and tear down their mosques. Enough is enough!!!
I'm with you & hopefully ALL American 's will figure it out very soon!
Thanks Senator, but according to NBC News, you tweeted, so we don't know if it happened.
To hell with that it's time to start the ban!!
love it love it with milk and sugar please! 
Carol he means the terrorist not you!
