Thank Senator...
https://m.facebook.com/darryl.kinney2#!/photo.php?fbid=10212743403486695&id=1435398287&set=a.10209436794103527.1073741829.1435398287&source=48&_ft_=top_level_post_id.10212743442167662%3Atl_objid.10212743442167662%3Athrowback_story_fbid.10212743442167662%3Athid.1435398287%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A1483257600%3A1514793599%3A-6880336368360563234&__tn__=E …
I hope you support our President! He is the change we need to drain the swamp! Our Government is corrupt to the core and it has to stop!
Drain the swamp? You haven't been paying attention. He filled it with pythons.
and Water Moccasins, and Crocs and gators...
We can deal with gators and such, but pythons devour everything in their path.
Eeeesh...  true
We need congress to grow a spine and do what's right. Don't spend more than what comes in, don't waste tax dollars on stupid crap.
Yes we do, it will show Americans were CHEATED by this election, HRC shld hv won, Trump is an imposter, period.
@StellaAZ we need an intelligence committee people have confidence in
Every single accusation against Trump has been cooked up by the Dems & then repeated adnauseum by the MSM. Stand with your president damnit!
When there's one with an ounce of integrity, sure will.
Never a stronger and upright leader who's stood for right and good than Trump. Never.
A good man NEVER took food from babes or medical care. You need to reexamine what is right and good. Shameful.
We need that done and over with  , very tired of it all .
I voted for you but am extremely disappointed in your lack of support for the president..would never vote for you again
Remember Senator Rubio was elected to work for the American People! Not for the President!
Please retweet: Sign the petition for The Little Rubio Act: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-would-require-representatives-hold-town-hall-meetings-constituents-little-rubio-act …
Do not waste your time! @marcorubio is going to be the next President of America!
Please objectively list why you think he'll make a good president or is a good senator? You won't be able to, by all means try.
We need intelligent people on the Intelligence Committee first
We need represtatives we have confidence in. You are not one of them #gangofsix
Marco, we elected this president.  All of you republicans need to pass his agenda, not in spite of him, with him.  @POTUS @HouseGOP
So glad we voted Republicans in so that Dems/MSM could run the show. @marcorubio why are you even there? #termlimits
Marco Rubio is protecting trump and @SpeakerRyan .....both are involved in the collusion...Rubio is a BIG sell out!
M Rubio is responsible for the problems with the ACA in order to push the Repub agenda to SCREW all Americans EXCEPT him & cronies!
Do not start trashing Pres Trump. Look like a sore loser. How about all you republicans have his back. Are you another Rino?
There is only ONE fact ... YOU and your buddies are fucking BLIND. And what we don't need is a congressional appointed team to investigate.
No confidence in Marco. Out for only himself. Give up yr healthcare, live like the people in the USA, then you can tweet ur BS.
Well, here is another chance for you to act.  Let's hope it's better than your support for R.Tilerson, DeVoss, etc
That means no Republicans can be on it no confidence in any of you
Well, then... stay out of it.
We need Republicans with a backbone.. #FakeNews #WhyTrumpWon
We need Republicans who don't put party before country.
That applies to both parties country not party first.
Correct!
Perfectly put.
Screw that don't vote on that assianine trumpcare,  if you do vote for this screwed up health care bill we the people will vote you out!
Just like Jebby Baby Bush, Little Marco may just get the Karma they are asking for!  Get on the Trump Train or get RUN over!
we need a special prosecutor to go after Hillary and her emails that she destroyed.We need to go after Obama for wire tap spying and unmask
Mr. Senator you r beginning to see the light. Stay focused on d Russia connection, wherever it leads. About Country not party. A Republican
"We need a president that the people have confidence in."
This is a reason you did not win & never will. You do not have character. What kind of thing to say about Potus & us the people.
Et tu, Brute?
Stop calling his voters stupid. We're not & your RINO attitude is an embarrassment to FL.
I agree and we the people don't care Republicans have class as we went through 8 years of Obumer and didn't resist so vocally
Sir, we just need the truth - plain and simple!
...no confidence since the Bush Administration and the Iraq war.
You should be ousted from the Republican party your down with the dems who are hell bent on destroying America, u will never be President
your words, as usual, are lacking in gravitas.
Can we stop the stupidity and stop wasting time and money for a charade trying to prove the American people duped into voting Trump?
Since you so excited about ur job, & acting like the U.S James Bond.  Why don't U get started with Hillary, Obama and their scumbags first?
So, GET an INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. That's the only way. Mueller is from Trump's law firm. Lieberman is from Ivanka's law firm. Just sayin.
No one on the left will ever have confidence in any report absolving the right.
It sure is.  But you wont find it in Washington!
Marco, it really upset me when I ask myself if you ever raised your voice against Obama. He made things that hurt our Nation bad
So all of the intelligence over the last eight years under the Obama Admin, they didn't catch on2 any of this supposed Russian assoc.
I don't like Donald j dump anymore than the next person.but you'll see Putin in a thong before you see dump stumped outta office
trump just paid a big lump sum for a medallion from the Saudis.that is the World record for most expensive medallion.impeach'em
What we need is the truth, nothing but the truth & the removal of 45 from office so we can get back on track as a nation!!!
sit down shut up and support your POTUS Marco
most of all we need people in office that are trust worthy and willing to work. So far dems o and GOP soso get it together
Senator the truth and the facts are this Russia did not hack last year's presidential election it's false news enough is enough stop it.
Trump's America..... #TrumpHatred #TrumpLeaks #TrumpChaos #TrumpMoneyTrail #TrumpTreason #Putinpuppet #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #nationalsecurity
Sorry Marco, the left will never have confidence in anyone not 1000% AGAINST Pres Trump.   Believing the left will play fair = delusional.
We need intelligent leaders that the American people can have confidence in. As one of your constituents, you have proven you are neither!
We need a President the "We the people have confidence in!!! Punto!
Well said.
Actually we need a Senator in Florida to have confidence in.
Add yourself to the list!
We have no confidence in you or the rest of you in Congress.
Nunez was corrupted by Trump. You want to know the truth then Subpoena Trumps tax returns if you have the guts.
Absolutely, that means you back out!!!!
Mr. Rubio, I know you have to be behind this president but not a good idea
You are so right.
.@marcorubio Why is this clown Marco given a platform to speak? This guy is a bigger sellout than a Star Wars premier night.
A ustedes lo que les falta es malicia y sexto sentido para que les funcione la inteligencia;por sus frutos los conocereis y ustedes ingenuos
Amen to that there is only one thing we have confidence in right now and that is trump working hard for us there is no confidence there now
They will NEVER be satisfied regardless of findings.
We need a Republican Party that we can have confidence in. There are certainly none of those in the House or Senate Disappointed in you
The people just needs the truth! No political hogwash, no Rhinos playing word games! That is the only way to bring confidence.
"radical Islamic terrorism "Anyone who cannot name our enemy, is not fit to lead this country."
Lil Marco - it is best you leave the big questions and issues of the day to people with a backbone
We need one that is GOP run. No not all Republicans are bad, but I have reservations lately on them.
Why go on CNN?
Hate to say it, but Trump is digging his own grave! You can lead a horse to water but if he refuses to drink, the inevitable will happen!!!
Stand with our President.  The people elected him and we need strong GOP leaders.  We have enough opposition so stand with your party.
u forgot your water bottle...
Yeah, you mean like the same one we need for Killery's OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE; clear evidence, but no special councel there? R U A traitor??
Why do Democrats and so call Republicans waffle so much- media story after media story made up

we need a president that we have confidence in
As long as you're on it people can forget it.  You can't even stand up for @realDonaldTrump on the Sunday shows-you sicken me
We need a FL senator that isn't bought and paid for by special interests.  Or a rep. that actually cares about people over party. #ManUpRub
I might agree except their are co many unnecessary investigations going on nobody will have faith in any of them!
The problem is U are so wishy washy and talk out both ends so no one believes anything you say or trusts anything U say are you on the list
We need a legislative branch we can have confidence in
You take hard positions on Russia. You McCain and Graham think that Trump should not even talk to them.
When republicans stand up and start calling Trump out for his behavior the rest of us will be able to have more faith in the Investigation.
What is the crime? Mueller is closer to Comey than Sessions ever was to Trump! Investigation ongoing for over10 mos! Hillary was over in 6
Its not a witch hunt Marco; stop defending Trump. He's a gonner.
Witch hunt ordered by Wicked Witch of Demlibtards Killary, CYA mission with NWO agenda. MAGA
The house and the senate have not produced anything productive in over 8 years. I don't have any confidence in you now. Spineless
We need you to look at what's going on and be intelligent.
There is no intellegence in government.
Well you better hire someone to do it for you    nobody thinks you clowns will come up with anything
You sir, will never get my vote, in any election. You talk and talk and talk, yet do very little to protect the President, or his agenda.
we need to clean house Rubio, including you GOP and RHINOS - and everyone else too!
How about backing the people's choice?
SENATOR,MAJORITY OF PEOPLE ARE ASKING FOR TAX RETURNS AND NOT LEAKERS WHO EXPOSED THE TIES OF THESE TRAITORS TO RUSSIA
PLEASE INVESTIGATE IT
We need senators in government that people can have confidence in. Not 2 faced hypocrites.
Don't need a report... It safe to say nobody is happy with the federal government... All three branches suck...
Sounds good, where you gonna get one?Listen to congress and the news media I am beginning to wonder if I can be trusted. I might lie to me.
Ummm....he recused himself because of a secret meeting at the WH. Remember that???
I take it you aren't planning on running for re-election?
Rubio, repubs not standing up for POTUS we elected is tiresome. We expect more and we want the wall healthcare, tax cuts tax reform, loyalty
You don't have to worry about anybody voting for you. Sick of the Republicans not supporting their President.#Bye-bye
One thing I can say about the Democrats at least they support each other.  Not one spoke out against Killary Rotten Clinton. # traitor
Here's a clue #NoShowRubio it won't come from Congress because we the people have ZERO confidence in you weak ass people.
Here is my report, there is no intelligence  in congress.
Marco was a big fan and my choice ... but this resistance is getting tiresome. Your an Amerucan and Republican
Part one is to show up ...
What a wuss
Marco ; You Nailed it." FACTS."!!!!
#HeyMarco #TheVotersAreComing2018
So you're resigning?
Only WHACKOS would believe Russia wanted @realDonaldTrump to be PRESIDENT so Trump could BUILD UP OUR MILITARY!  Get real Marco!
I will never trust Mueller report. His path during the Obama's Administration talks clearly about his values, dignity. Please
How preconceived is it when Trump fires the guy in charge of investigating him.  There's a fact for you.  You coward.
Like the ones done on Clinton, Obama, Lynch, and Rice? Where and when are those?? Fix that corruption. Don't be a puppet. Plumb the toilet
That would leave all of you out!
Committee after committee.... that's what you working on? Don't you have anything else, more productive to do? Sick and tired of this bs!
Exactly.
Hmmm, just lock yourself up. Prison little follower of the orange dimwit.
It also depends on the credibility of the "investigators"
.@marcorubio PAC took $1 Million from Ukrainian businessman linked to oil co in #TrumpRussia dossier

#resist #theresistance #amjoy #trump 
We need an intelligence committee that people have confidence in.
You betcha!
THE AMERICAN PPL. DON`T GIVE A RATS ASS ABOUT COMEY OR RUSSIA. THEY BACK TRUMP. WANT TAX CUTS AND RID OF OBAMA CARE.
We need Senators who don't sell the country out to corporate interests.
Bubble Boy continues to prove he could never be trusted, that's why Trump is president!
You got that right Senator!
confidence?  U all are either running for office or justifying your offices with "investigations" I call B.S. how about supporting @POTUS
Trump broke @marcorubio when he called him "Little Marco" and chased him from the primaries. Now Marco is his stooge.
WeThePeople are Tired of all The Secrets coming from your Position,No More Secrets, Give US THAT & we will have Confidence in the reports..
Why are you on the FAKE NEWS NETWORK we all need to remember Romans 13:1-3
Americans need the truth. All of it.
I am glad all of this will be out of the way so we can move on to important issues
First we need a govt that we have confidence in. So far we only have @POTUS. You only show up for face time in front of a camera.
Not gonna happen in this country....politics comes before honesty around the beltway!
Well if you're not on it I think we are good. You seem to think everything trump does is golden. Town hall at any time soon? Nah.
Except we have no confidence in Rubio
So glad you are not our President, Mr Rubio!!
Nobody has any confidence in congress or intel agencies...paid off by special interest. Only one not is our POTUS. Reinsert your pacifier.
We need a government people have confidence in. November 2018
isn't it YOUR job to instill that confidence?
No confidence in the GOP, by covering for this insane, incompetent , you and your party have no credibility!
ABSOLUTELY SENATOR
Have confidence in YOU
However if committee loses
their focus
PrayMSM/U will keep them focused
We need an Intelligence Committee report that people have confidence in. 
Stay strong and fight for our democracy.  We need the truth about #trumprussia
Weak sycophant Little Marco!
Little Marco the sycophant selling out the @POTUS while he is gone. You exude weakness Little Marco. You are disgusting! No fight!
Rubio grow a pair u rino
If Mueller is truly objective the mainstream will probably make up reasons why he isn't.  Time to fight the brainwashing Marco!!
The Dems & MSM are working to undermine @POTUS. GOP needs to PUSH BACK & advance his agenda: #taxreform #healthcare #immigration
The American people have no confidence in our government. Neither do world leaders. #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Comey covered for the Clintons. Comey  aided Hillary by not arresting her. Loretta Lynch obstructed justice
The People have confidence in our IC- and so do y'all, if not you wouldn't be so damned scared @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Rubio - save your party from fake news and Russian agitprop. They can't survive on garbage conspiracies without nourishing truth and facts.
Save your party from Donald Trump!
We need a United States  Senator who will support our President!
We need to get off this Fake News! We need republicans to get off there ASS'S and start supporting our President!!
They are calling you a rubber stamp for Trump. That's not true is Marco, please say it isn't so.
Just put a D behind your title  you shill
The GOP "backbone" is provided by Koch industries.
Vote this congressmen out of office!
The committee first needs to gind intelligence in the members appointed.
How is that protecting American jobs and putting "America First"???
And all this "jobs jobs jobs" in the Saudi-trump deal are in Saudi Arabia because trump says the helicopters will be built there, not in USA
I have no confidence in you or your fellow republicans. All of you have been silent on the threats to our democracy way too long.
So the saudis giving money to Clinton foundation is pay to play, but when given to ivanka, it's cool. Ok
For that to happen, we first need intelligent people on the intelligence committee
Thank you for not drawing any conclusions until all evidence is in. You are an excellent member of the intelligence committee.
Sen., How can you say this is NOT a witch hunt.  3 investigations/fake news! The MSM wants to destroy Trump & in doing so the Rep. Party!
The most repugnant this is that he considers it integrity to hold the party line and cover for these criminals. Quit lying to yourself, man.
It's a MSM/DEM manufactured witch hunt and you damn well know it.
Nunes, "who's a good guy, had to recuse himself bc he was taking hard positions in one direction or another." Exodus 20:16 You shall not lie
Watching you> Tapper show today Thanks re excellent comments re human rights in context trump>SaudiArabia Please educate Repub. colleagues
#2020
