You could also not raise taxes on the middle class to fund massive cuts for rich people.
LOWER, MIDDLE, RICH. WERE AMERICANS CUT TAXES ON EVERYONE. Rich people employ us less money less jobs. MAKE SURE THEY PAYING IS KEY. NFL!!!?
Thank you for the word salad, Alf.
Raise taxes on company’s we work for and buy from  will only reflect on how much people they employe n the cost of goods
Companies are not taking care of people like they did before Conservative Trickle Down Economics. How do you not see CEOs and top brass /1
Every great country is ran on trickle down economics, unless we become socialist trickle down is America like it or not. Rich employe ppl.
America became trickle down with Reagan and downhill since then. When is rich, rich enough? If you can't pay one full time wage but pay many
The economy boomed under Reagan how can you say it went down hill? He slashed taxes on everyone, and simplified the tax code
How bout just get the gov out of our everyday lives n only take what it needs n stop spending on stupid stuff. STICK TO CONSERVATIVE ROOTS
SenRubio:your tax cut is 4 the rich.The NRA paid You $3.3MILLION http://dollars.You  made a huge profit from weapons sales including#LV
That has to be the most ridiculously stupid thing I've ever read from a Republican without a brain tumor. See a doctor. #badSign
Love you Marco but I'm tired of tax reform being tied to parenting. We don't have any and pay more than our "fair" share of taxes !
Just curious Mr Rubio, what did you think how the President dealt  with PR devastation?
So if I don't have a child, I'm screwed? That's what I'm hearing.
I agree with the arguments for the #childtaxcredit but I think lowering all the rates should have been the priority
A lot of us are older and claim no children. All need tax relief, not just rich. Middle class screwed again.
Let the wealthy earn tax credits @$7.25per hr  volunteering for Red Cross in hurricane relief but make them clock out for breaks & meet QC
7-NARCOTRAFICANTES Gob.MADURO Venezuela
Cliver Alcalá Cordones,Freddy Bernal,Ramón Madriz,Ghazi Nasr al-Din,Fawzi Kan'an,Nicolasito hijo de
DICTADURA NARCO GOBIERNO DE VENEZUELA COMO Tareck El Aissami, DIOSDADO CABELLO Y GENERAL PADRINO AL PARECER FINANCIAN TERRORISMO MUNDIAL
We can't just give the greedy a handout. Make them earn it so they appreciate it @$7.25 per hr volunteering at the local soup kitchen
If someone is a liar, they do not deserve consideration.
Which is negated by how many child programs you cut, do you think we are stupid?
Hello i am middle class with no children, does that make me a nonworker
Does that mean i am not worthy of these middle class tax cuta
But what about those of us without children? #seriousquestion
We can't cut taxes for the wealthy. We could allow wealthy to earn tax credits @$7.25 per hour volunteering @ homeless shelters & rehabs
Agree  but what about working childless couples who cant afford to have children? Raising taxes to 12% wont help them have a family
$3.3 million from NRA
Why?  Is that the only tax cut that will affect working Americans?
Telling you Marco, PASS IT.   Tax Reform needs to happen.   #childtaxcredit ISNT sole determinant
No, Marco, it won't. Working Americans will never get a tax cut because all the GOP cares about is enriching yourselves and the other 1%.
Stupid.  The top 5% pay over 40% of all taxes.   Wealthy is $75,000 combined.   We said no...Democrats
English translation, please?

The GOP House Budget is an act of Passive Genocide, hurting the disabled & the elderly with medicare cuts: I OBJECT! Why are you complicit?
You WILL make sure that wealthy Americans get a massive cut, even if working Americans don't, right?
Booooooollllssshhhhiiiiitttttteeee
How about eliminate the IRS and go to a fair sales tax. Stop punishing people for how hard they work!
And you find that reformative?
How about retirees pay taxes on money spent on Medicare.  No change in deduction of other income since inception.  I pay more than Donny
Let's gut #Medicaid to give our rich friends a tax break!! Death to all the disabled kids. Totally worth it!
When you know you'll lose your child 1 day you learn to live in the moment @GOP forced me to think of it every sec of every day #VoteThemOut 
Help small business get out from under the tax code burden. Jobs are the answer. Losing your job or no job is not a tax cut.
No! Many don’t have kids to deduct! How about just lowering the % for everyone, and then using what you have responsibly! #lowermytaxburden
Why can't you eat the elephant a bite at a time? Just do corporate tax structure change first. Repatriate the Trillions held overseas.
Why would a “conservative” want to increase a transfer payment from taxpayers to those get net money from the government every year? #MAGA
Please make it good until 18 and graduation!
Have courage to call out @POTUS on his lie. Remember he called you little http://Marco.show  him you are any thing but little.
How about #guncontrol ? Working towards that?!
Seriously do you realize how stupid that makes you sound 
**** your GOP tax reform do you really think we are that stupid?
Please pass it! 
Support our President. We are watching.
You just talk about middle class n the 1% , what about the poor ppl. How the tax reform benefits them???
I agree! No increase in tax credits for additional kids parents can’t afford regardless. Bad message that promotes horrendous outcomes.
Wait--what about us with grown children??
Nothing for retirees?  Again you are showing me why I should not vote for you...
How about a wage increase to put $$ in our pockets?  How does one pay federal costs with less $$? And how about extending CHIP???
You are a horrible person
So those w/o children don’t matter?
That's a lie. Tax reform won't touch the middke class.
I am a working American that already raised my children.  Keep the deduction for property taxes to help the homeowners
How about some gun control laws!
As usual I don’t have kids so I don’t get .
Lower Taxes 4 all Americans, Fire 1/2 of D.C., Stop H-1B Visa to increase jobs for Americans.  Tell Sheldon Adelson No!
Not all working people have dependent children.
It only helps the breeders!!
It should just be a flat tax across the board. 6% across and everyone will save some money. The rich will pay their fair share so will I.
LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR #LIAR LIAR

Y don't u do something about gun control. Americans of literally being killed because of Congress. Also stop kissing Trump's ass. Have pride
Floridians better start saving to pay for their elderly  parents' medical bills when this "reform" cuts medicare.
And what about middle class who have no kids or they have aged out, which was lowered 1-2 years ago... Pathetic
Not a good plan then is it.
As a family of four the plan as is stands right now will screw me over. Could you just not? My daughter has autism and I can't take any more
stress from this administration. First you tried to take her healthcare away and now this. Please stop being so mean. Please.
You don't necessarily have kids if you are working so that is a bullshit response, ijs
American Families are the Heart of our Country & they need Help! Please #Congress include a #ChildTaxCredit in your #TaxReform bill
If your involved being Soros buddy it won't get done like a better retirement for dispatchers did not get done because of you in Florida
Wrong!  Whenever your boss #schumer approves it is what u mean to say.
You are not fooling anyone...youre just another who're for the him lobby
What about people without children?
Little Marco
Don't think cutting taxes will help the 50+ victims of #vegasstrip #VegasMassacre. I think you are happy cuz you don't want to act on gun co
Obvious untruths re:windfall to rich not helpful. Only 80 small farms and business to pay 2017 estate tax. Bipartisan, regular order please!
What about us old people that raise our kids. We need a tax credit. If you have not paid taxes no child tax credits
Where did you go to school Rubio.  If we do nothing then they get nothing.  Where I come from zero plus zero is still zero.
Ah what the hell. As long as rich get big breaks. We're not stupid, Senator.
But those who have never had kids should get a break also since we aren't spending the education money
How does this help families without kids? Honest question...
How about a cost of living raise for social security recipients
Those who get the tax credit probably need it to feed their children. It is not just play money
No it will depend on how much tax cuts you give your fat cat friends and bosses.
How about real tax reform #FairTax
That’s garbage, why should someone get a larger tax bill just because they don’t have kids?
Little Marco, you know that you are bending the working man over. Quit with the vaseline, the party of Russia can not be redeemed!
Nope. Just Swamp propaganda.
Reduce taxes not that difficult.
Congress voted for taxes to begin with.
Simply vote "no" on taxes.
Always a BUT or IF!  Try to make a stance and stick with it!
Not everyone has children...Do we pay more?
Notice when politicians tweet they never give a response?Tweeting doesnt make U a better public servant.UR silence =s #NOVOTE 4U
A tax cut for billionaires is the only tax cut you and the rest of your cronies will do.  The wealthy need to PAY THEIR FAIR SHARE!!
Unless you increase taxes on a third of us, you disingenuous and cowardly liar.
Little Marco you are so full  of manure!
@RepTedLieu do people call Mitch McConnell turtle behind his back?
You guys can stop acting like your constituents are stupid. We know this is a massive tax cut for the rich and we get nothing.
What does that mean for self-employed, middle income people without dependents?
Didn’t tRump say something like only stupid people pay taxes.
And what about seniors???
So those of us who have already raised our children but still owe $$$ for their college loans get no relief...
Try allowing working Americans to stay in the USA, or helping working Americans in Puerto Rico, or protecting Americans from gun violence?
Don't confuse yourself with taxes & cuts. Me, I will pay 2% more in taxes and lose 30% due to the medical costs I have to pay out of pocket.
It is irresponsible to cut taxes when the debt is $20T. The debt doubled after Reagan/Bush cut taxes & you want to do this again???
If they don't get one what is the point? #FAIRtax #taxes #TaxReform #Middleclass
What about people with no or with grown children? Sham.
Ur going to vote to legalize sale of gun silencers. Imagine LV victims didn't have sound of 540 rounds/minute. U have blood on ur hands.
U let #CHIP expire, leaving 9 million kids w no healthcare. U voted to reverse extra checks for mentally ill seeking guns. #Resign
Then that leaves alot of working class Americans out
In Florida, the snowbirds state, lowest amount of students nationwide. Good for fams with kids, but what about mid americans??
Just admit it. This is a tax break for the obscenely rich and workers get trickled on, yet again.
#TrickleDownLie
Do the right thing not what ur #MASTERS  TELL U TO DO
Excuse me where were you when I needed it as my girls as growing up need tax cuts to survive as older parents now&being caretaker for elder
Not all working Americans have kids! Try again
So you're raising taxes on tens of millions of Americans to fund tax cuts for the rich?
So are you trying to tell us that childless middle class will get a tax increase? 
#STOPTHECON
And if you don't have children are you out of luck?
Very simple!  Vote yes on the tax plan. The Senate needs to quit vacillating!  Your constituents want it done.
Really?  What about working Americans who don’t have children?  Am I not entitled to a tax cut too?!?!
Matthew 23:27
How about CHIP which you let lapse.
Baby heartbeat listener Tracker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en …
Cut taxes on everyone and govt take less should be what happening? @realDonaldTrump get rid of the program that aren't needed
Stop lying
That is such BS. Stop the 1% from getting tax cuts that the rest of the country need and are not getting!!!!
So you have openly converted to supporting & increasing wealth redistribution schemes!  You should go ahead and change political parties.
Sure, let's ignore the fact that GOP tax reform is strictly about making the filthy rich filthier. The deficit (and everyone else)be damned.
What about Srs who worked entire lives to see retirement nest egg devoured by taxes and high health ins cost?
If you really cared about U.S. you would scrap this plan which only benefits the rich, & go back to work & get a plan together that helps US
@CNN @MiamiHerald No, Marco. It depends on how big a tax cut you and GOP give your wealthy friends!!
Marco, it's not the child credit, it's the loss of exemptions that's the problem.
Just a bit of info: not every struggling middle class family has kids. This wouldn't benefit everyone.
Marco get on board and get this tax bill done or resign.
You need to do what is right for a change!  Americans are watching!  This tax reform is for the rich, not for America!
REALLY!!!!!
And what about working Americans without children?
Since you brought it up Senator: What % tax cut will "working" Americans get versus owners and shareholders of companies they work for?
And for working Americans that don't have children but are responsibly going to school or trying to payoff school debt?  #nocutsforrich
Explain that in your newsletter. Twitter is too vague.
Make welfare, EBT, regressive.
Senator, 57% of the U.S. adult population doesn't have a child in the house.  Try again, and real issue is giveaways to wealthy.
I'm retired and believe that you should do it...Get the economy moving again
Woah there they say 30% of us working middle class will see an increase not all of us get NRA money to offset our expenses @IndivisibleFlag
Why can’t it be as simple as everyone pays flat 10% on all income?  Everyone pay
But it doesn't make up that Congress did not fund #CHIP-so nobody gains from this @GOP fraud of a tax cut.  @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @CNN @MSNBC
Are you kidding talking about this political crap today of all days.
How about you raise taxes for people with children. They use more government resources.  Tax cut for the childless!!
There, I fixed it for you.
Not a GOP priority. Top 1 percent, corporate taxes, estate taxes. That's pretty much it as far as what GOP cares about...on any policy.
You could not eliminate key Middle and Working class deductions,   but you already knew the only way to benefit the 1% is to screw the 99%
Why is that? Is it because the plan is currently only set to benefit the wealthy? Hmmmm, maybe that a bad plan to start with, Marco.
#hopeyoudonotwanttobeasenatormuchlonger
I am not interested in helping the rich get richer. Your GOP bogus tax plan is repugnant.
What about Americans with no children!
What about people without children? Never understood the fairness of child tax credit. Seems unfair to me.
how ludicrous! there’s no law of the universe that says the ChildTaxCredit is the only way to deliver a middle class tax cut.
A tax cut for working Americans only if you have underaged children?  So no cuts for the wealthy then, children or no children then, right?
Just don't be the Senator that causes the Tax reform to be cancelled. Voice your concern but also ways to do that. Seek the Lord first.
You better give me a tax cut my children are grown and in college and expensive! I will vote out all of you if I don’t get a tax cut.
What about those working Americans with no children where the child tax credit is meaningless? Do something for all!
Maybe I should of had a few kids.
The childtaxcredit was created to encourage reproduction.  Do we really need that?  Reducing the childtaxcredit makes more sense.
Why is it that a tax cut for working Americans is in question but not for the rich? Ooops, I was forgetting that Republicans are in power... disregard my question.
Middle class tax cuts should have nothing to do with children. You cut our taxes because we're the working engine of America.
And u get rid of Ocare and all the dead beats on Welfare
Baloney. What about those without children? if the taxes start at $12k all will see a tax cut. Sound fair?
What about working Americans with no kids?
Just cut the taxes, like you promised.
And what of single parents not being able to file as head of household?
https://www.facebook.com/groups/buffooninchiefdonaldtrump/permalink/374096416384467/ …
Credits are not tax reform. They virtually amount to nothing for most people.
The "Flat tax" is fair. The more $ you make, the more $ you pay; the less you make the less you pay. Everyone participates.
I liked your pro-family tax plan, a part of why I voted for you in the primary.
DUDE, what makes you think anyone believes you or Mitch McConnell your connected at the hip
Avoiding the gun control topic?
Not all working Americans have children. I'm fine with giving child tax credits, but what about the rest of us?
Not a fan of tax credits. Raise the standard deduction even more instead of doing a child tax credit increase.
How about instead of repealing the billionaire's estate tax you increase it? The dead don't need money. That could fund middle class tax cut
