Are there any truly independent business in Cuba? or are they front row the Castro regime
Or are they front for the Castro regime.
Quid. Pro. Quo. #comeyhearing
I thought we were making America great again.
And the President stood with YOU on this...PAST time for YOU and the rest to start STANDING up for him!!! Mueller needs to go!
How are we going to execute this plan?
WAY TO GO MARCO!
Meanwhile Venezuelan government keeps doing businesses with USA, and our people receives no help or solutions for our political crisis.
Please enforce the law, no more businesses with corrupted officials. We need no more death. We want freedom for political prisoners. FREEDOM
A Happy Day for Cuba human rights ! Thank you for never giving up! MAGA It is a start to give small business rights back to the ppl! TY
A "better deal" for Cuba is also a 'better deal" for the Venezuelan People. Thanks and keep forward!
éso sí es pensar en los Cubanos.
Thank you for being so pro-active in this new administration. We are heartened, hopeful and love our country more than ever!
And hate immigrants, the environment  and basic human decency more than ever
You are doing the opposite. You are crippling private vendors who cater to tourism. Absolutely nonsense
So will U Marco, or @POTUS be pushing 2 revive "Wet foot/Dry Foot" ?
#StandStrong # StayTough You have accomplished so much We appreciate you #Marco more than you will ever know #God'sWill!!
@marcorubio GAESA changed its name last night, when the same "anonymous sources" advised Castro of the new US policy towards Cuba.
Your also negatively affecting the livelihood of over 3 million Cubans who work in the state run service industry. Cuba's larger workforce.
Your also disproportionately helping the few small private business owners while negatively affecting the income of the majority of #Cubans
Marco thanks for the day you committed political suicide by aligning yourself with the Trump regime
Y de verdad creen que los militares cubanos se van a dejar?

You are a crawling !
Not the answer 2 achieving goals in Cuba as is evident by past many decades failed policy.  Americans amongst Cubans democracy motivator!
Why no push back on Russia for its support of Cuba
#traitortrump is probably trying to hide a sweatshop making crappy Ivanka junk.
you punish people that were born where your parents were born. Shame on you. Sanctions/embargo's only hurt the poor people not the ruling
Never Forget 

Rubio FULLY SUPPORTS Gianforte:

Choking  Slamming  Punching a reporter who ONLY asked a question about #TrumpCare.
Except that in the end the Cuban government will still receive money through normal government mechanisms such as taxes & licensing fees.
@realDonaldTrump ISIS&Farc are terrorists why you let Farc kip from trafficking? Just for fun?farc used trafficking to kill and kidnap 
That is naive and dumb.
WELL DONE!!!
stop tweeting like other people and arrange a peaceful meeting with Cuba President and our great Sec  of State. You r of Cuban heritage
Thank You!
Thank you for being also positive and a great supporter of our country and not this bullsh*t like the democrats
I remember you from Miami law in view that I attended it as well after your time. You are always on top of great ideas
Maybe Russia will step in again and become friendly with them if we abandoned  them.  After all we have Guantanamo on their Island. PEACE
So basically u geniuses are giving Cuba back to Russia,  thank you!
So who do you think owns this rental in Airbnb https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/17556082?location=Havana%2C%20Cuba&s=JXp-IUVs …
You're handing Cuba to Russia, why?
So why aren't we doing that  in All counties? Say Saudi Arabia?
How in the heck do you enforce that?  Sounds good on paper though.
You're the U.S. Senator for Florida, not Cuba. Cuban immigrants all ready get a sweet deal feet dry they get to stay. Even their felons.
Why not plan a set of meetings with their government to discus all things on both ends. Don't end engagement it hurts private entrepreneurs
Hope you are right. Need oversight to enforce.
Fine. But quid pro quo @realDonaldTrump should hold Russian corrupt government to same standards or he is a hypocrite
Doesn't make sense! They still have to pay 98% of their profit to the government!
You seem to care more about other countries (Venezuela, Cuba,etc) than US. you're always talking about solutions for them - but never for US
I hope you remember Venezuela too #SOSVenezuela
Better Deal for Cuba? U pledge allegiance to AMERICA first! U r selling out other parts of Florida believing all think alike. Tampa does not
US govt over reach.
Please bring back the wet foot dry foot policy.
Thank you Marco
Because the embargoes and bans on Cuba have worked so well for the last 55 years...
As a Cuban born in the US . I still won't travel to the Island with the suffering the people r enduring. Obama made a weak deal like always
Just stop, what you just said isn't even a thing. #liar
Yeeeeaaaah
Many of the small businesses in Cuba are very closely related to military , they have the power and the money to support them
Can we look forward to similar deals aimed at the monopolistic, autocratic kleptocracies in Saudi Arabia, Russia, etc.?
Or right here in USA
Do you have dementia?  You seem to have forgotten which country you owe your allegiance to.
I voted for you in the primary. I'm dissapointed with you now.
This is JUST A DISTRACTION! Pay attention to @marcorubio participating in a back-room deal to eliminate healthcare for 27 MILLION Americans!
Just like selling arms to Saudi Arabia promotes peach and stability. Filthy Pay to Play Marco is a schill.#russianpuppetregime
Human rights groups implored the administration not to roll back the engagement policy,cutting nascent ties with Cuba hurts its citizens.
Of course we want the people of Cuba to be enabled...!
How can this be accomplished,sir?
Interesting concept.  Love the nuance in the policy.  Also like the idea of supporting the people and not the government.
That's nice, @marcorubio but Tampa only just started cruises to Cuba. How realistic is this policy for tourists, or is it effectively a ban?
If President Bannon goes take him to Key West put him in a raft an d send him off towards 
are you really trying to mention small business in Cuba?...
Good Job Sen. Marco. Now rally other Republicans and fight for our country and protect the President!
To change Cuba, it is much better to open it up rather than shut it back down. That is a strategy that has not worked for the last 50 years.
Et tu, Brute
HELLO!  Get to work on the American agenda...we're waiting
A Republican Senior Adviser--There is something deeply wrong with our president and the country is in danger.
Donald Trump is trying to turn the Country into an Isolationist Country. America first means only America.
#marcoisadumbstupidface
No, this is 100% done out of spite. You and other Repubs can't stand that a Democrat had any accomplishments.
Pull your head out of the sand. The Cuban government has major issues don't take care of their people. Not everything is  political
John, this Andrew guy worries more about the legacy of Obama than actual issues with politics!  He is a liberal snowflake that has no clue!
NOOOOOOOOOO
