Was it Assad? Or was it #alqaeda, I mean #AlNusra, I mean the "Free Syrian Army"? How about you ask them when you see them again?
When will you condemn Trump for his silence. Russian puppet state Assad modern day Hitler and all Trump can say is Obama did it SAD
Dont expect much from triple P, Putin Puppet Potus, he was against saving Syrians during Obamas term. Doubt he changes now.
Yes and they want to drag us in more. Please don't get sucked in - this is Obamas war.
You are confused. It is a confusing time. Try not to lean toward hate if you can. Sorry for presuming to lecture. All the best to you.
I said nothing hateful. Not sure where that came from. Thanks
Thank you @marcorubio for continuing to shine a light on the lies.
He's a politician. Not a moral crusader. Don't be naive just bc he was nice when you showed up @ a rally & got your picture taken with him.
Politician or not, he has consistently attacked the Putin regime and shined a light on #HumanRights violations, from the beginning.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @SenateGOP Trump your words-actions have consequences,Sen if you do nothing you're just as guilty take responsibility
How come we the people knew Assad still have #WMD and you didn't, WHY? Because Congress never took a full vote on an ISIS war authorization
If you're so concerned, demand that Trump condemn Putin's collaboration with Assad. You're just blowing wind.
oh rubio as if you really gave a shit.
You're an accomplice in Putin's takeover of our gov't. You said his stooge must be POTUS at all costs & voted to confirm his handpicked SoS
So trump administration blatantly lies everyday, and is set to kill thousands on the repeal of ACA
Of course he is. It's all a big production to bring Trump's numbers back up and distract from investigation. Too obvious.
Si se daña la relación con #Rusia  #Putin pues que se dañe!! #Siria debe ser intervenida @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #SyriaGasAttack
$$, power, greed makes men so corrupt. men are wicked and evil. every1 including U.S. 
coward using kids and innocent people to play your games. man up and just tell the world you want to go to war.
This beautiful baby was banned from entering the United States by trump
in this country we spend tax dollars to keep abortion clinics open despite no media about the #BlackHolocaust happening.
You're an accomplice in the election of our clown President and useless Sec of State.
And US was an accomplice when the "rebels" used chemical weapons right?
Not sure.
Damn it's "LUCKY" the US has been sending 10'000"s of Troops ready for Attack to Russian Boarders for months. Must have Seen this coming???
u are a liar
But your leader admires him bigly. He is the cowboy Trump wants to be when he grows up. What he admires most is the way he kills dissidents
Why would a man winning now do the 1 thing that would insure he lose ? Assad didn't do this & your constituents R F'ing PISSED
and, when you see video, NONE of the so called "rescue workers are wearing HazMat suits
#WHY
Putin is a friend  of your president who you support , you are also to blame
MSM-Putin loves shooting down passenger planes and gassing children like Assad-the evil empire, when they are killed - thing will get worse
Of course he was Putin has no heart wouldn't be surprised if had something to do with bombing on subways so sad because the Russian people
You first Marco.
And so is his BFF Donald, the clown , Trump
Putin regime? Are you referring to the Trump Administration?
Marco . The world thinks you are responsible.
Necons&neolib cause 90% of wars and death in this world,biggest threat to humanity and piece.Your failed policies got rejected bigly! U LOST
We're not going into another pointless war like Iraq just to appease you Neo-Con fucks. NO MORE POINTLESS WARS!
Tweet, post and shout all you want. Meaningless! What would you do?
Sen. Rubio, I haven't always been your biggest fan, but I will give credit when due. You are 100% correct on this. Thanks for speaking up.
You lie too. Who's the better liar.
Why TF would Assad has his own people who support him? What would he gain? This is false news, propaganda.
And Trump is an accomplice to Putin. You are a Trump accomplice. You see where I'm going with this, right?
Prove yr concern w/ action @MarcoRubio not empty words. #Russia, #Syria TRUMP is UNFIT to lead. Human decency before party! #Action2GetherTB
Yet you confirmed Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State? #Hypocrite
You're complicit in this. You backtracked on Tillerson & you are mute versus Trump. You're a Biblical verse person... reap what you sow
@realDonaldTrump Marco-You know that Putin is using Assad. If USA & Allies pay Putin his PRICE, ASSAD is HISTROY! What solutions do u have?
Duh! But who is going to do anything about it? If you guys in both houses of congress can't get it together u will fail worse than the libs.
Maybe the President has finally realized the same thing...about Assad at least.
You Know what happened before it's even investigated? Your a warmongering liar! Stop destabilizing the world! #WarForOil #SyrianPipeline
.@marcorubio You cant just work with words. You have to show these pics.  Sad.
https://www.thenation.com/article/amazon-washington-post-and-600-million-cia-contract … CIA Paid Washington Post $600 Million

Thank you Senator Rubio for calling out Trump's administration on this disaster. Shame on Tillerson, words matter!
Yes and your POTUS supports him!  Why?
Calm down little Marco. You stood up for his puppet.
what have you f done for us the people in the district your family you live in
And Trump is owned by Putin. 
  DO SOMETHING.
Putin has compromised OUR government & the Oval Office. Our president just blamed his predecessor. Oh the stink of hypocrisy.
#SyriaGasAttack
OMG, enough with the Putin/Assad crap. Can we just focus on America for once, please. We are not the world police.
No more fucking wars.
If you truly believe this, pause, lead, do not let  our Supreme Court be taken over by virtue of #russianinfluence. PLS LEAD. I BEG MY SEN.
Slow down Mario. Look elsewhere for the culprits.Assad would be stupid to do it.Same for Russia.ISIS is more likely IMO.
God, how I hate myself for voting for you.
Where did they get the Chemicsl weapon, Sarin gas from?  Who did the bombing?
Speaking of lies..why dont you stand up for democracy instead of party? I cant believe you were reelected..im your constituent by the way
Prove it. Independently verify this. Remember how Saddam had WMDs?
"It's nerve gas!" Cried the hundreds of survivors.
Why not focus on the American people we foot the bills and get nothing in return but lies for both sides
I would rather not go to another war over kike propaganda
and so are you @marcorubio if you continue supporting trump who "likes" Assad!

How do u even know at this point who, what, where, when or why? Did you get the info 24 hours before the "alleged attack" like this reporter
Yes, and Putin is YOUR Presidentś best friend.  Get a backbone and stand up to Trump.
You're becoming unhinged like bomb bomb warmonger McCain. Has there been an investigation? How do you know it's not the rebels? #FalseFlag
I think is about time to say goodbye to this chicken neck a*%hole.
Putin needs to be dealt with NOW.. for Assad,, Iran, arming Taliban, invading Sovereign Countries. .We see through his snake oil smile
you know how? Oh forgot, RINO boy. @angelijka8 @Brialalexi @FluffyDogAttack  ask McCandycane for the dunce kap! Proof! Please!
When will you speak out about Trump refusing to accept responsibility on anything that occurs during his time in office? Hammer him, Marco.
Weren't they flying Iranian jets? How do you know without ANY doubt, it was Assad? You don't. McCain Jr.
.@marcorubio  thank you Marco for speaking out. Sadly this compassion is a brave act in the GOP these days.
@doublewael @washingtonpost All that's 100% proven? Just think we need to be sure before action taken.
and when will your tough Talk lead to action Senator?
With so many armies bombing Syrian families, who committed this chemical criminal attack? You don't know but you're conveniently pointing 
And Tillerson!  You voted to enable him even when your gut told you not to. Party first ...always.
#syrianrefugees need some form of accommodation given the recent circumstances @realDonaldTrump You now say it is #assad accept #Refugees
Yr buddies obama & Hillary gave arms incl  chemical weapons to Syria via Benghazi operations. Declassify & let the surviv spec ops testify
stand with you Marco .. ThankYou! You are always right on FP!
Your leadership was much appreciated today
And Trump is his friend
FYI: What Russians thinks about the state terrorism
Russians don't trust Putin's propaganda-78% voted that the regime is responsible for this explosion in #StPetersburg https://twitter.com/Pjatak/status/848889349748011008 … 
And @POTUS lies about his relationship with #Putin . What are you doing about that.  #alltalk #noaction
You want war so bad don't you
Tell that to the inept loser in the White House. He is the only one who refuses to believe that.
ABSOLUTELY.  And yet we're cozy with Russia.  could you please impeach our traitor president?   #comeon #impeach45 you are all complicit
Yes! Finally an answer the Amercan public can agree upon!
Yet you voted for Tillerson and Trump...what did you expect?
This is beyond pathetic. Do you ever feel any guilt having to push blatant propaganda for your #Neocon globalist paymasters? #Puppet
Tell that to your boss, President Pussy Grabber and actually hold him accountable for his Putin/Russia love and connection!!
I would personally BET that either #isis or the #MilitaryIndustrialComplex are behind the #Syria Chemical attacks: #Assad's NOT THAT STUPID!
no, YOU are the liars.
You should wait for investigation, before you just issue baseless accusation. I would be not surprised that opposition did that....
Thanks to who cares policy of Obama idiots
Putin killed this children and not Assad , Russia can also be bombed despite their neuclear weapons
Please continue to be the dissenting voice in this madness.
#FreeSyria #FreeCuba #FreeVenezuela #FreeNigera you're the quintessence of leadership, Sen Rubio :) We need your help to save the oppressed
GG, 

Assad has been bombing innocent Syrians since President Obama took office. Where was the public outcry?
stop giving weapons to rebels. They're the ones killing the Christians. Assad is actually trying to protect the Christians.
All you rats want is Russia out of Syria so we can remove Assad easier. We know who's interest you serve.
Do your Job Senator..investigate Trump
Putin is evil incarnate.Trump,you have a chance to do what is right.Stand up to Putin and Russia's involvement.Think of your grandchildren
I trust Putin more than I trust congress.
Any reason these kids aren't crying?  I mean they have been attacked with chemical weapons... right?
#Putin hacked election with Republican president Trump. What are you going to do about it? Don't go nuclear for his SCOTUS - investigate!
Seems every time one of our politicians is in the spotlight something magically happens to draw our attention elsewhere. Can't trust anybody
Gas attack seems very fake and staged from pics. More than likely fake to turn our attention from real news.
So are you now a news reporter? What do you suggest? Military action? UN resolution what? tough guy. What?
So blast Putin more than Assad who continues this type of attack? Fuck Putin. But Assad would do this with or without him
Absolute bollocks. When you guys get your war with Syria and it backfires we are going to remember the fraud you've perpetrated against US!
So what do you suggest, WWIII? Sounds like that will benefit the American People, said no one except your special interests.
Russia never removed the chemical gas from Syria.  Remember how many Stalin killed? Assad is small potatoes in comparison.
Just like Gaddafi in Libya huh we're not desensitized we're tired of your lying to go to war Warhawk
Reminds of that time:

Rubio: Is Putin a war criminal? 

Tillerson: “I would not use that term.”

Rubio votes to confirm Rex Tillerson.
you should be ashamed of yourself for backing trump
Our UN rep, Haley, has repeatedly bashed Putin on a variety of issues since appointed, MSM fails to report,
Trump blatantly lies about #SyriaGasAttack - GOP says meh
Didn't Trump say the US is bad too?
dispicable
@Scattermae777M @marcorubio #arrestSoros What nation in chaos is he NOT funding via ostensibly non-profit #CAIR, #OSF, etc?
Yes, and trumpy is putin puppet but you're oblivious to trumpy moves to dictatorship.... investigate trumpy, he's buried his head to Syria
You're a liar.   The CIA did this.    All of you are so desperate to remove Assad that you will kill children to achieve it.
Thank you for standing up on #WarCrimes issue in Syria. Now, make call to impeach Putin's buddy, #Trump. Do what's right!
The Trump regime blatantly lies about everything. #complicit
Do right and impeach Putin-loving @potus White House of Cards falling @StephenBannon behind immunity Flynn @SenMajLeader NO GORSUCH #unext?
Trump regime continually lies to American people. What are you going to do to stop this atrocity? XL pipeline is no benefit to Americans
Allegations without Proof .Dangerous words from Soros Puppet .TRAITOR
and you are complicit for confirming Tillerson and aligning with the Trump administration while issuing these hypocritcal tweets #doyourjob
Team PutinTrump - Chem Warfare ‘R Us 
Non-Christian genocide. Make Russia Great Again.
voted 4 U n the primary & as senator & I support U But I expect U 2 hold Trump's feet 2 the fire on this Blaming Obama doesn't fly anymore
https://www.unicefusa.org/donate/help-syrian-children/16078 …
Thank you. We must stand, and we must act. We cannot, must not, turn away. #SyriaGasAttack
As are you, by supporting Trump
meanwhile, YOU do nothing by continue to enable trump and plan to vote for his SOTUS nominee. Don’t act so outraged
And so are you as you support putin's puppet 45*
@leloveluck What are you going to do about it? Stand up!
What would you have this country do? Military action?How do we do that without killing more innocent people ourselves?Tell us ur solution
They sound like Susan Rice.
Are u kidding?! Putin & Trump have violated the US @ every turn and u say nothing!  Ur just as guilty 4 allowing this 2 continue #sycophant
Trump blames Obama? Trump's bluster provokes N. Korea, Iran, Syria and he blames Obama? SAD, LAME
You guys need to get trump out of the White House.  He's a disaster.
Tell it to the President!
#Putin along with #Trump are to blame for these horrific acts. Gorsuch should not be confirmed till these criminals are investigated
So what are WE going to do? Stand up to Pres and get something done.
If Trump Team reaches same conclusions that Moscow was so eager to find, Rubio should condemn admin. I suggest the correct side of history!
You ignore the connection between Trump and Russia. We are no farther removed from Putin than Assad is. You don't to investigate. #complicit
And trump lies about his collusion with putin and blames Obama. When will you condemn trump and do your job sir.
Send your kids to fight him then.
Ha, prove it! More likely it ever happened or it was done by the ISIS (aka FSA) pigs you support and fund.
@potus @realDonaldTrump Where is Trump and his outrage? Nowhere. No Leadership. @vp @MaxineWaters @Impeach_D_Trump
Putin has hook in trumps mouth 2 steer IDIOT  N 2 muslim war/nuke cloud 4 ULTIMATE collusion/narrative changer G.O.P. stuck on greed. Unreal
Can you tell your president that, please?
Syria media claiming that the footage of children was staged. Blaming Turkey.
Mr. Rubio, how will you advise colleagues of all ideological aisles to respond to the illegal cowardly chemical attacks on Syrian innocents? – at Lincoln Park
Surely we won't let anti-democratic Oligarchs from Powerful Adversarial Nations dictate this narrative and shift blame from Assad!
And @POTUS is an accomplice as he has consistently supported Putin's involvement in Syria.
And Capitol Hill Too
Talk is cheap,,,,and that's all you do! Grow a set,,
Time 2 support Independent investigation of #TrumpRussia. Trump regime gave Putin/Assad a green light. Plz act b4 WW3!! PS How do u sleep?
RUBIO WORKS 4 ISIS FUNDING SAUDIS WHO want QATAR PIPELINE in Syria & have MOST TO GAIN from this attack by blaming Assad-who gains NOTHING~!
@POTUS @StateDept This is 45s fault. YOU MUST STOP THIS NOW. #SyriaGasAttack #DontheCon #Trumprussia
Stop talking about Putin&Assad. Do something to protect the Syrian people so they can go home.
