.@marcorubio Make the right and honorable choice by demanding an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia.
I concur. The silence from the GOP is deafening. If Mr. Rubio ever expects to run for President again. Speak out!
Don't count on it. GOP won't squander this opportunity to shove their shitty agenda down our throats.
.@Subvertica @ltwong @marcorubio They won't have a choice, in the end. 

The leaks aren't going to stop. Time to get out in front of them.
yes say whatever feels right at the time. Flip-flop.
while you dine with Trump and long ago sold out
Go to a town hall meeting, coward.
Why didn't you speak out against him before the fact? @marcorubio
yeah he's a real honorable guy just ask his employees. Do people with character run for office anymore? Why am I asking you?

.@marcorubio What would you know about "right and honorable" choices? Won't do town halls, rubber stamp Trump appointees. #coward #hypocrite
Your turn! Do the honorable thing, Little Marco. Resign. You're nowhere to be found anyway. Worst attendance record in Congress.
you need to follow him get out your a disgraceful person Florida does not need a liar like u Hypocrite
Florida voters do not intend to support congressmen that do not support President Trump.  Get off the fence or get out.

You should do the right and honor thing,  RESIGN YOUR SEAT!  This isn't going to stop! You're all going to be hounded out of DC
making your constituents happy there. You pay for that meal Trump pay for that meal hell no we pay for that meal.
lol, gimme a break. You would have voted him in if Trump told you. You are spineless
Yes, who would want to stay around the trump stink!
why what was his involvement w/ Russia?
too bad you can't do the right thing and open a real investigation on Trump & Putin... 2018
PRESIDENT TRUMP deserves his nominees the same way you gave Obama his
you think we deserve his guys # sad
President Trump is Great for United States
better for you too, as you don't have to be incongruent w/ your words & actions in voting to confirm,just like #Tillerson #rubio
And saved you from embarrassment - you talk tough but never would have been man enough to vote against him.
but you would have voted for him anyway #recall #Rubio
Yeah, he made the right choice because everyone knows he's a POS!
is that Little Marco in the http://picture.You  are such a sickening coward.
Yep. When are u going 2 make right& honorable decision about the ACA, Trumps &his Russian ties. You prepared2 impeach? Stop lyin
because U draw the line at wife beaters, or illegal housekeepers? Do tell.
I think it depends on if the news leaks to the public.
You should have stayed out of politics.  You're too fearful for this game. You call your own electorate "rude and stupid".
.@marcorubio A month ago you confirmed he had you bought and paid for. Why the change? Please share.
Marco supported him before additional facts were discovered i.e. illegal workers and spousal abuse allegations
illegal workers were known as soon as he was nominated, as were his labor abuses
I don't like Trump. I didn't vote for him. Most of his cabinet choices were awful
Marco is trying to be a positive force in a very difficult sutuation
I was impressed with your questioning of Tillerson until of course you folded and supported his nomination.
You should make the right choice and quit your job. You're barely doing it anyway. #wheresmarco
Grow a backbone 
One right statement out of 100 wrong actions! Your constituents want to meet with u cowardly Trump bumlicker !
but had he not withdrawn your vote was still a Yes. #shameful #wordmeansnothing 
#StandUpToTrump
Now if all the others can just pack up their stuff & head home, too, that would be so MAGA
you should do the same BYE BYE
None of you are right or honorable.
Where and when are the town hall meetings?  COWARD!
first honorable act he ever made. When will you make one?
My guess is you would have voted for Puzder. You've rubber stamped all nominees.
oh wow I guess you didn't get paid by him so it was an easy choice?! #DeVosvote
altruistic Marco critics who never made a mistake: patient merit of thy unworthy takes when he himself might his quietus make.
How many Florida counties did you win in the Primaries?
werent you supporting him lolol
saved u having to vote for him and pissing off your constituents like u did with Devos
you would have voted him in had he not
Nothing honorable about @AndyPuzder. He withdrew because he was terrified of the skeletons in his closet. #littlemarco
But you have not made any right and honorable choices. Why?
let's not forget @USAGSessions was not so honorable. You previously tweeted support for Puzder. Which of your tweets is a lie?
Now if we could get Unhinged Trump to resign. Just saying!
There's nothing honorable about Putzder!
When you have no choice but to resign because NOBODY has any confidence in you, you may need this sentence. Save it.
If the "so called" @POTUS , Agent Orange, would just follow his lead and save us more grief. Do the right thing.
you are still try to undermine the GOP elected POTUS
DeVos should have as well
.@marcorubio Sir-Mr. Puzder hated regular people. Don't act like he was a "nice guy". Underneath it all, you are a good man, he is not.
When are you going to do the same?
thank Gid he did, as you would probably voted to confirm him. You are such a disappointment. I believed in you.
yeah, but maybe he should have made the right choice before beating his wife and violating labor laws 
can't blame him; who wants to associate with this madman? He's saving his career and legacy; smart guy
what was the real reason.  How can public get truth with horrible media bias
what will you say when human caused climate change encroaches substantially on valuable property along the coast of your state?
The American people are becoming more divided and untrusting of everyone in Washington, especially #unhingedTrump. Do SOMETHING
Time for you and other Senators to call for mental evaluation of Trump. He is truly becoming unhinged. He is not up to this duty
you didn't make the honorable choice when you voted to approve DeVos. She bought your vote.
investigate!!!!!
. @marcorubio What do you think about McConnell saying you as POTUS  would be doing the same things as Trump? https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/mitch-mcconnell-likes-what-donald-trump-is-doing--but-not-what-hes-tweeting/2017/02/16/e1543d74-f463-11e6-a9b0-ecee7ce475fc_story.html?utm_term=.6f79769e3f89 …
the funny thing is that you likely would have voted him in had he not withdrawn. Interesting.
start choosing country over party, you know in your gut that this Russia thing is real do something demand indepen investigation
I'm a devoted Trump supporter, I also like you, be yourself Marco, follow your heart. You would have made a good VP as well.
Stand against Trump. U know he is unqualified n in bed with Putin. He bullied everyone who ran against him.

we want to know what to see the information Pruitt did not disclose. Don't you? What's the rush?
Andy Puzder has no honor.
you should follow...
I really think that the only time you love your latin blood is in eleccion
So you got to avoid voting Yes on a woman beater.
Puzder beat his wife. Honorable?
He should have from the beginning withdrawn his name. BTW I hear there's tape. Watch it, learn.
I hope the beast that is the public has finally awoken from it's long sleep and your political career in in trouble.
Yes he did. Your cabinet voting record so far would indicate you would have voted yes for him, just like DeVoss. Shame on you.
joint resolution 18 needs a resounding no vote. Its bad for our precious wildlife. Stop killing cubs in their dens. crazy sad
yes, because you would have voted him in. How about Pruitt? #pruittpolluter
right and honorable, like your vote for Betsy DeVos? I'm not sure you know what those words mean.
please vote no on #Pruitt until his emails come out or delay the vote. We need you! Common sense like with Puzder. #RejectPruitt
you wanted to confirm him. Stepped down because he realized might be get caught. kiss Trumps ass after he insulted your family?
What did you eat at your dinner with Trump?
Good thing he did or you would have had to party line vote him in with some BS excuse
another #GOPFail
#go away RINO
you know nothing about right and honorable. Thought u might for a while but just another bought Trump Puppet.
now you do the right thing and vote against Pruitt!  Our children deserve clean air and waters!
you dropped the ball on devos and sessions. Come on do something to make us proud
not that you know how to be right and honorable yourself. Taking bribes from DeVos showed us all that.
Good thing. Now don't have to vote to confirm him.
I wonder u r too scared to hold a town hall meeting with your constituents. U R NOT A PATRIOT, shameful
honorable? R u really this stupid? Did u watched our so called president today. He is shaming America. SAD
the Cheeto stench will be impossible to remove. Country before Party.
he should have never been nominated for that job in the first place.
The POTUS is clearly unhinged?  The Presser this afternoon was absolutely BONKERS! Do u & the other Eunuchs plan to reign him in
tragic day for FL if Marco votes yes to Pruitt. EPA needed to protect Everglades fragile ecosystem. Jobs & lives will be lost.
"Right & honorable" choice is to protect our water, climate, children, animals but u won't - you'll allow Pruitt to destroy EPA.
If only we could get you to do the right and honorable choice too.

#DoYourJob
wish you could make good choices with your votes.  You keep approving these poor choice nominations from your #Disgraceful boss.
There is nothing honorable about Andy Puzder- Stop trying to be so politically correct!
Marco, Ask yourself: When was the last time you made the right & honorable (& courageous) choice? The people of FL are waiting.
How was your dinner? The #SoCalledPOTUS gave you a nice plug in his self adulation press conference.
I'm sure you're pleased. The MAN with the small hands is your new BFF. Careful, you've sold your career and soul out. #Resign
please make a right and honorable choice for an independent bipartisan investigation into White House shenanigans
How was dinner last night with Drumph, Lil Marco?
shit up loser! He shouldn't of been nominated in the first place.
unfollowing you little Marco
Saved you the embarrassment of voting for him.
so true. How could he even have considered taking the job. Just another example of the powerful thinking rules don't app to then
who bought you off!
honorable? well thank god the wife abuser was so honorable
yes, right to withdraw but nothing honorable about him.  Stand tall!! Stop the con game.
right & honorable have no place in the Trump Whitehouse
“The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”
Nothing honorable Puzder.  You voted yes to Mulvaney? The voting SR's will eat you alive. #cantwait #party>country #sellout
.@marcorubio Agree. I hope you'll vote  NO on #pollutingPruitt -- He's as bad for Florida's environment as Pudzer was for our workers--
Flynn is a danger now.He & Putin got something on Trump.Don't be blind sited. something happening here nothing exactly clear
you'll be looking for a job real soon.
WHY aren't U sending that same message to TRUMP? gross moral equality.Adams&Hamilton are rolling in their grave.
this is what you wanted in the 1st place RINO! Hey he employed an illegal alien that wasn't enough what if he employed 2?
I sure wish a lot of the Congress and Senate would make the same honorable decision!!!
please vote on Mulvaney. Add action to your words!
good cuz he doesn't belong there but what about the others u helped confirmed that also doesn't belong. Vendío!
where were u during 8 yrs of Bush we don't need another Bush screw up get backbone for your country stop your lockstep voting
he beats his wife to a pulp; he's about as honorable as you are, coward.
Are you saying you would have opposed him in a vote?  I hope so! (from Punta Gorda, FL  33955)
You better not sale US out, Rubio, I don't know what kind do "dinner" you had with @POTUS. We are watching you
you should resign. You've done nothing for this country.
now is your turn to do the right and honorable choice. Demand an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia
you must be kidding he never should have been nominated  one more reason to out you.
Save this baby and her species. Save Endangered Species Act.  Is she not God's creature also?  Will he judge you for her demise?
@allybrooke27 Maybe you should follow his example! Take @SenJohnMcCain & @sengraham2016 @sengrawith you!
Right & honorable? Took him over a month. Nobody on your side of aisle would speak out against him. Worst choice ever for Labor.
I agree with you on that.  Now, when are you having a town hall?
useless again no scripture your so fake do your job should have been out front.
Please vote NO on Scott Pruitt for EPA. Florida will suffer rising waters, tourism and economy if EPA is gutted
the right and honorable thing would've been NOT accepting $100k from Devos Family and selling out your constituency
right and honorable would've been never to nominate him in the first place.
you need to start an investigation into trumps involvement with the Russians #1 priority everything else stops now
because you have zero cojones to actually stand up for the republic and its citizen.
and why is that
senator, there are people dying, no food, no health care. Is a tyrany. MUD is not the option, they have supported the dictator.
stop following trump and become an American patriot. #Lead.
Now start investigating everyone else.  Don't just put a rubber stamp on Trump's picks.
I guess you didn't read about his ex wife being abused by this animal.  Watch the tape. What's right and honorable about it?
You, Sir, must do the right & honorable thing. Investigate Trump/Putin ties (w/out Session), & Demand Release of Tax Returns.
