What about OUR election?  Texas?  Puerto Rico? US Virgin Islands? Florida? Northern CA?  You are US senator (unfortunately) not Venezuelan.
Educate yourself Steve. Rubio was the first elected official in PR. Praised for his work on every paper and by their governor.
Todd, it's disgrace what the people of PR are going thru. I would rather see Marco tweet and concentrate on those and other issues.
It's a disgrace to blindly bash the person doing more for them than any other elected official because you don't like his party.
Todd don't get so worked up. I don't care what he did prior to 2016. The hurricane was a month ago. I don't see him challenging the response
Um. Every one of those tweets and stories were the this month. No person in either party has worked harder for PR.
American citizens are dying in PR.  Poor children and disabled will not have BASIC HEALTH CARE.  Shame on you.
Maybe Rubio and Trump should set up another election fraud panel.
Hi
Gente ya estate situaciôn we salio del limite y es in peligro muy grande tango paragraph LA region como paragraph USA,los rusos,iranies,cuba
So being a US Senator gives you the right to try to topple their government just like what you are planning to do with the Philippine govt?
Sounds like gerrymandered GOp Russian influenced election and yet, even with a racist DOTARD in WH can't get squat done. We,the Majority 
Now that I’m aware my ignorance was planted by the enemy… I just wait for my box of food. https://escritosdeorlan.blogspot.com/2017/09/and-slogan-becomes-song.html …
The world knows it, every one knows it! What else is next. Military intervention is need it to end this dictatorship once and 4 all. Help
It would help if coalition of AN, TSJ in exile and Venezuelan MUD leadership would request direct assistance to USG. Until now no request.
Not sir, Mud is the best assistant Maduro's regime ever had, it's time for them to step away if we want to get rid of those narcos
Then forget useless MUD and form a government in exile, fund communications campaign & lobby, come to Washington with OAS and ask for help.
Not easy because, "it's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled" a lot of people fooled here
SenRubio if you wish to help Venezuela's freedom,you must sanction @hramosallup @JulioBorges they are accomplices of tyranny #fakeopposition
OMG - have you seen what is going on in our own country?  We have the most corrupt and dangerous president in U.S. history
Peor,USA, esta an su derecho de intervenor paragraph cuidar is segurida,vasta ya,esto es urgente.
Why are you worrying about  #Venezuela when the REAL crisis is in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Island!? Home to the U.S. focus on US FIRST 
People are DYING and conflict of interest between @USNavy and @fema over response times in getting 'HELP' and  contaminated drinking water
And your concern is #Venezuela, ARE YOU FUUCKING KIDDING ME!? Who's paying YOU in #Venezuela your mind is focus on them not US, US citizen
So we have proven we have a Dictator here and what are you doing about it ? You are doing nothing so this would make you a hypocrite !
He is wearing Ivanka's perfume --- Complicit.
You are US not Venezuelan, why do you care? Leave them be..
Tanta miseria, Ud.tiene que hablar con el presidents Trump,yo sent questions el lo escucha,Venezuela nesecita una intervention military ur
PARA @marcorubio... y en una dictadura no se vota- Intervención es necesaria para sacar a los delincuentes del régimen de maduro y de la mud
You’re the fraud Rubio!
#FraudeElectoral  #FraudeCNE  #SOSVenezuela  #FraudeElectoral  #FraudeCNE  #SOSVenezuela  #FraudeElectoral  #FraudeCNE  #SOSVenezuela
Just leave other countries’ politics!Met Trillanes, did he consult U bout destabilising the Philippines govt?Just what U did to Venezuela?
Por favor senador Rubio ya LA situaciôn end Venezuela we have insostenible, detox delincuentes bickering otro fraude el pueblo ya no aguanta

What happened with the TPS for Venezuelans?
Por que escribes tantas pendejadas Narco Rubio? Pedacito de webon... #17Oct #FelizMartes
Amen.  God bless.
Fuck You! @marcorubio ¡Agarra ese trompo en la uña mariquito!
nos, guerrillas,narcos estan metidos De lleno end el pais esto towne questions acabar,no podemos aceptar otra Cuba en el emiferio,pero sera
help venezuelans please SOS SOS SOS SOS SOS SOS SOS SOS SOS
Thanks for your constant fight for human rights! Maduro's regime is dangerous and damaging not only for Venezuelans but for the whole region
Thank you for your support and please never meet with fake opposition leaders we need more sanctions for members of the PSUV party and mud
En otras palabra tu labor esta aquí, no en Venezuela. Con un analfabeto como presidente en La Casa Blanca. Deberían estar muy preocupados
Procura ver lo mal que gobierna Trump , y que se puede volver un dictador.
LEPRECHAUN RUBIO WHERE IS THE PROVERB FOR THAT STATEMENT?
Time to cut oil ties and issuance of an int'l arrest warrant for him n his vp.
Aja y ahora ? cuales son los pasos a seguir? contra de estos delincuentes?
Y Colombia en las Mismas.
They won. Get over it.
lol
We need to make sure we don't go down the same path. Please do not let POTUS legislate! #affordablehealthcareforall
Sen. Rubio, you are describing our president Trump as well as Venezuelan leader.
Thanks Senator for supporting our nation!
Really??? Like you didn't know he was a dictator before??? Que sorpresa parece que inventastes el bombillo o descubristes America...
Maduro debe ir a la corte penal internacional
I think it was already proved a long time ago but "opposition" insists in giving legitimacy to a narco-tyranny
@sozaca2017 @mayle
We had widespread fraud & illegalities in our election...all of it in efforts to bolster the Demms...Hillary must be our dictator.
In the amazonian state the 106,59% voted. Cool, right?
Go have some water, Mr Rubio. Leave Venezuela to the Venezuelans. Help Puerto Rico.
Marco Rubio.Should you not be looking introspectively within your own national boarders at the current Dictatorship Destroying America?
Please... help!
WE  NEED AN INTERNATIONAL MILITAR Y INTERVENTION NOS THANK YOU
1. Fraud all the elections with oposicion helps, so how USA are going to help venezuelans.?
Come on my dear Sanator; Maduro became a Dictator the day he took over from another Dictator name Chavez...
if that makes a dictator, & our current President says there were widespread fraud & illegalities in the election that elected him... ummm?
Marco keep fighting for the freedom of Venezuela; God, history and your nation (USA) will support you!
Do you support voter ID here in the USA?
We need yor help, because here in Venezuela we are in dictatorship and we were subject to a mega fraud!!
Time to consider Trump impeachment or resign before you get voted out.
ya nosotros los venezolanos no confiamos ni en la oposición ellos nos vendieron... Please SOS Venezuela
no hablo ingles pero pido a EEUU mas apoyo para venezuela, suplicamos la salida del dictador.
Narco @marcorubio  UR trying to discredit everything illegal from VZLA.Let us ask the international voters watch dog community.U R a fraud
That he is a dictator we already knew what  the fraud in the election proves is that in Venezuela democracy is lost

because he wrote a twit that took him 30 sec doesn't mean that he is not concerned about PR, Venezuela  is a huge problem for US security
UN TIRANO!!!
https://twitter.com/todoterreno4x4/status/919933036434743297 …

El Megafraude es tan grotesco, que ni se molestan en cuadrar los porcentajes.

BOCHORNOSO!!!
Trampa es tan grotesca que que la suma de los porcentajes es mayor al 100%
Widespread fraud and illegalities in #USA “election” proves @realDonaldTrump is a wanna be dictator.
Sounds like he's talking about America
So is potus.
Marco y ahora que? Nos dejarán solos? Eres republicano,  habla con Donald, q no se quede en palabrería, Noriega2
Help OUT MADURO Asesino NarcoRegimen
Simply the results reflect the defeat of the policies of the MUD of GUARIMBAS and deaths that provoked
It must be the RUSSIANS again,..,.,., Fixing Elections...
Kinda like the GOP/Trump presidency!
Oh, so they had a USA style election. Welcome to the club, Venezuela.
No more words sir.... rebuild Venezuela is not possible without foreign help... unfortunely our inner leadership lost the compass....
Widespread fraud & illegalities in USA “election” proves @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is a dictator. Silence from you and your party @GOP

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 
por lo menos el mundo sabe que esas elecciones son fraude y buscaban legitimar al reg. ante el mundo, cosa que no pueden porque no les creen
El problema va más allá Irán puede empezar a meter misiles apuntando a Estados Unidos y Cuba también el problema no es de nosotros nada más
Iran, Rusia, China, Corea del norte, el peo es feo hermano y aun creian muchos que esto saldra con votos
Corea del norte lo tienen controlado a Rusia lo tienen controlado pero con la nueva sanción d Irán esa gente se va arrechar traerán misiles
He did the same things your prez is trying 2 do. Stopping the press, racial divides, ignoring the middle class & tearing down the judiciary
I don’t understand what’s the problem we need military intervention now EEUU need to step up no more sanctions. The only way military force
Less attention to Venezuela elections and more on Russian influence in US elections
if true, awful. but geez our elections (Russia) have been compromised. and we have big issues with flood and fire here at home.
Y quien ayuda a contar las actas q se tienen donde se ve el fraude? Los militares? El CNE? Un dictador no sale con votos!! CALLE!!!
Are you more concerned about what is going on in elsewhere than in U.S? Our country and democratic values are under assault by POTUS.
We've got bigger problems right here at home senator that need your attention.
You seriously tweeted this while doing NOTHiNg about the election hacking and Russian collusion HERE and this unfettered madman ruins us!
Gracias por estar presente . Ahora más que nunca necesitamos s ayuda
So close again...just change to #US and @realDonaldTrump
@WellingMichael @washingtonpost #SOSVenezuela #PLEASEHELP #WENEEDHELP
Lack of power, food, electricity to the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico proves the President and you don't care. It's OUR Country
@WellingMichael la estrategia del regimen distraernos con elecciones e impugnaciones durante meses y apartarnos de los objetivos
Ok but you stand by the guy here in the US that is working through the dictator handbook... But you ignore that
The same is true in the last US election yet you didn't complain.
Venezuela needs Military Intervention as soon as possible #SOSVENEZUELA 
Don’t care. Fix US now.
Out of the mouth of hypocrites....one could make the exact argument in the United States. Wait, they are - and you better hope you’re clean.
How about the irregularities with Trump's election?
Thank you Mr. Rubio for being a voice for the Venezuelan people #FreeVenezuela
El fraude e ilegalidades generalizadas en “elecciones” en Venezuela prueban que Maduro es un dictador. Marco Rubio
Just change the name from Madura and Venezuela to Trump and the US.  Do something Marco or just go away!
What do the widespread frauds & illegalities in Puerto Rico prove?  Do something where we can, sir.
Kinda like trump/Russia love affair
Wide spread gerrymandering and voter suppression in the United States elections plus Russian collusion proves Trump is illegitimate POTUS
I think we need to fix our problem first with voter suppression, gerrymandering and Russian hacking.
Be proud that this is you.
So like America?
Once upon a time ppl in USA PR were thirsty& dying &begging for help but all the elected Senators were to busy tweeting abt other countries.
Once upon a time P.R. had corrupt Democrats who did what Democrats do, and the people suffered. Just like every where that Democrats rule.
Oh irony
Widespread fraud & illegalities in USA "election"by Russia proves Trump is a dictator. If only there was a Senator who could do something
Rubio could! He’s chosen 2 brown nose Trump/Putin. He backed the anti-Cuba exec. order. Venezuela’s a concern. Dictators reign. #PuertoRico?


Oh I'm sorry what makes him different than the dictator we have here? Because you let him do the things he is doing. FL should recall you!
Rubio and all Cubans politicians in Miami don’t care about the well being of Venezuela, just like didn’t care about their own country @CNN
Election fraud, you say? Like, extreme gerrymandering, that's illegal too. Which party is recently guilty of that?
And yet, you stand by @realDonaldTrump who is slowly being allowed to become one...
Van a hacer de los Venezolanos lo mismo que los políticos Cubanos en Miami hicieron con su propia gente. Vivir de ellos @UniNoticias @CNN
Venezuela = USA
N.Maduro = Trump...
Same thing
..
Shut up! You’re just kissing up the rich Venezuelans who’ve moved 2 Miami so you get their $, just like U done with Cubans. @UniNoticias
Kinda like our election right Marco 
Wow, @unidadvenezuela gave @NicolasMaduro all legality he needed, in the meantime red money floods #Miami and other cities in your #Florida
Esta mafia no sale con votos. Los venezolanos estamos solos :(
You need to take a good hard look @ democracy in this country. Ur GOP & Trump are destroying it.
Hahaha. And what of POTUS?
Much like @realDonaldTrump would like to be, Grow a pair Marco stand up to this wannbe dictator we have @IndivisibleFlag
The opposition set itself up for this debacle. Maduro just using Castro playbook in diverting a desperate populace w/sham election rituals.
Russians funneled money to your campaign because they knew that's what's worst for America. You're Americas worst case scenario. RU knows it
Substitute #US for #Venezuela n @realDonaldTrump for @NicolasMaduro Marco! And DO SOMETHING! #dosomethingGOP #impeach45
It's a shame you aren't half as concerned about Americans dying in Puerto Rico as you are about Venezuela.
Can you tell us exactly how much money was funneled to you from the Russians for your campaign?
Move to Venezuela if you care that much. Cali is burning, fuckin oil companies dumpin oil and killing workers. And men are groping. F off!
The US elections were hacked. You're not even a legitimate senator.
The US elections were hacked by Russia. You don't seem to give a shit about that though. Go hump Trump's leg. #IllegitimatePresident
This narco dictatorship won’t leave vía elections we need an international coalition to take them out of power.
And your feelings on Trump's Russian investigation obst, lack of revealing taxes, refusal blind trust?
Marco estupido, drogadicto. Aqui en Vzla el voto es directo. Fraude? que no asuman las 5 gob q ganaron. Mejor reconoce el hijo de la tintori
STFU Chavista sin vergüenza! Debes ser bien ignorante en pensar que pueden engañar al mundo con el fraude que cometieron.
lo tuyo no tiene solución pero tranquilo, q pronto serás malos recuerdos
We have our own wannabe dictator in @realDonaldTrump but you don't  speak up against him becus u place ur party before ur country.
Try speaking up about Puerto Rico
Stop worrying about #Venezuela election fraud. U should worry about Russian interference. It’s in your/our backyard! U and GOP own Trump!
#MAGA #MAGA  #MAGA #MAGA  #MAGA #MAGA  #MAGA #MAGA We don’t care abt Venezuela! YOURE AN AMERICAN SENATOR. DO YOUR JOB
Sounds like the US.
Sounds like Trump. When you grow a spine, maybe you'll do something about it.
This fruit is hanging too low to pick. You are worried about elections in other countries! Hilarius.

When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Benghazi returned home, both Obama and Clinton were there.

When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Niger…
Sen. Marco Rubio thank you so much for bringing attention to the plight of the Venezuelan people and their corrupt government.
... and now can we please get our Don the Dotard a win by helping Venezuela free itself from the Nicolas Masburro plague?
Why are you more concerned about elections everywhere but here? Because your team won?
Look at 45!
I'm sorry but we want to talk about AMERICA and that you are NOT HELPING US!!
Could you worry about our own dictator first please. You can actually do something about that. #impeach
Are you kidding? We were hacked by Russia. Where's your outrage on this? Trump is ruining our democracy. The world does not trust US now
Simply the results reflect the defeat of the policies of the MUD of GUARIMBAS and deaths that provoked
So was Barack Obama.
without doubt, no need for the story.  soooo, what's next?  i mean, drivel aside, what's next?
You should be more concerned with fraud closer to home. Broward county is a good place to start.
More proves? Or more misery to the Venezuelan people fighting for freedom and democracy? Silence and no actions affects continent afterwards
Widespread fraud and illegalities in #UnitedStates election proves @realDonaldTrump is a wannabe dictator.
Simply the results reflect the defeat of the policies of the MUD of GUARIMBAS and deaths that provoked
lol you have got to be kidding ...have you looked at TRUMP
Should worry about you own potus who is the closest thing America ever had to a dictator because the GOP does not stand up to him
This administration is more concerned w/serving the desires of the wealthy than building a democratic nation. Respect theServe The People!
Ok, then have a couple of town hall meetings in Fla and it can be one of the topics. We have a few other issues to cover while u meet voters
Nos hacen trampa delante del mundo ya no les importa se creen todo poderosos
Just like # 45
RECOMMENDE ...  ...
And what does widespread hacking and irregularities in our 2017 "election" prove?
Would be nice if you ever raised an eyebrow about Hillarys fraud & corruption
The country is descending into hell and you’re worried about f ing Hillary!!! You god damn Trumpanzees.
OK WE KNOW THAT. BUT WHO WILL HELP US HERE IN VZLA TO REGAIN OUR DEMOCRACY?. WE NEED ACTION MORE THAN WORDS.
Speak about what is happening in the USA also
Ellos  votaron  por  18 años más, de dictadura  Castrochavista.
Where's your outrage about what happened with OUR election?
What happened?
Marco cada gobernador designado por este fraude electoral debe ser sancionado, muchos tienen bienes en USA.
So are you with your views on women.
