Dude, really? Your country is in crisis and you're focused on South America?
What do you want? Drugs and terrorists living here? Wake up ! didn't u want globalization?
You've taken my comment out of context. Rubio has been incredibly tone deaf regarding domestic affairs. Seems he cant face domestic reality.
Do u watch tv read the news maybe u live in another galaxy
I'd ask you the same question. The entire press, intel comm says we were attacked by Russian hackers, but you take word of president? Insane
I wasn't talking about the President I could'nt care less or Russian hackers 2 diff subjects
This argument is obviously going nowhere, best of luck to you.
Plan Colombia was a successful initiative against drug trafficking. Paz Colombia is a subsidy to drug traffickers. Don´t waste US tax funds
Plan Colombia did not stop the drug trade, because prohibition is the problem and the solution is legalization. Nothing will ever stop it.
I admired him very much Dr Rubio now with his loose positions there are many doubts of his support to us the victims of the terrorism
DEJE DE DESINFORMAR A LA GENTE.
Quién desinforma?
El tal Arcos que tiene de hobby desinformar.
Ahh. Gracias.
Si el narcogobierno de @JuanManSantos  No puede castigar a los terroristas de @FARC_EPueblo, entonces q paguen en cárceles de Estados Unidos
Se olvida usted que en EE.UU. lo común es negociar beneficios para los narcotráficantes, los vuelven testigos y les llevan a la familia.
Por eso mismo es mejor que se los lleven para otro lado y no asesinen a más campesinos , por lo menos aya si les dan la perpetua
Colombian people want peace by a deal, but farc-santos is a total impunity deal for criminals like trinidad. It was rejected democratically
Pres.Santos ignored the Democratic result that rejected his deal with farc, then he ordered it was approved by his congresmen, it's illegal
Con Amigos Trump-Rubio mandando $$$ a FARC-Santos NarcoTerror Genocida mataAmericanos Colombia no necesita Enemigos
With Such Friends as Trump-Rubio sending Millions to FARC-Santos' Genocide Narco Terrorists killing Americans Colombia doesn't need Enemies 
You need to stand up to @realDonaldTrump
What is going to be done about our President that no country can trust now including USA?
@marc_gonsalves
Gracias Senador, 6.5 millones de colombianos no estamos de acuerdo con ese mal negocio para el continente hecho por @JuanManSantos
Ojala Su posición sea real y no politica,  Narcos Farc cárcel y Extradición
Fair enough Marco. More over if taken into consideration Peace Deal is about IMPUNITY more than about PEACE.
In case you don't remember, Colombia voted NO. So is it up to Colombians or not?
I love how you ignore the other half of the country as well as the fact most people didn't even vote.
So what? How many vote in the U.S.? Rules are rules- it is called DEMOCRACY.
How much longer are you going to put up with Trumps insanity?  I voted for you so stand up and speak out or never again.
You support a peace?treaty that was rejected by http://Colombia.You  support anti democratic http://president.You  support terrorism
One, the treaty was not rejected by Colombia. If anything, the difference was much tighter than between Trump and Hillary.
Colombia's majority vote was for NO to the "peace" treaty. That's a fact.
A lot of your social media remarks seem from left field, like you are ignoring the fire in your house to have tea. #Republicansareintrouble
I've noticed that too. 10 to 1 posts about other countries, while our democracy goes up in flames.
His distraction.
If peace deal it's up to Colombia, then Colombia voted NO on 2nd October / 16  to the NARCO-DEAL! 

Disappointing how we lost your support !
Senador las victimas de Farc contamos con usted para que nuestro derecho a justicia sea respetado a diferencia de lo firmó @JuanManSantos
Usted habla por las víctimas de FARC pero no recuerdo que le importaran las víctimas de las AUC ni las del Estado y las FFMM
I was expecting a strong position against impunity,illicit crop growth, weapons, this position can lead Colombia similar Venezuela situation
Exacto !! @marcorubio Claridad por favor el si pero no, no nos sirve !!
Primera vez que estoy de acuerdo con Diosdado Cabello el criminal , es MARCOBURRO @marcorubio , DECEPCIONANTE , perdí mi voto .
Thank you @marcorubio!
Marc, this is a wrong message. You and Marco KNOW that Santos used the word "peace" to clean up ALL FARC crimes and assault the constitution
What you call "peace deal" is the laundering of all of FARC's heinous crimes Bcause they were labelled "political" by Santos. We rejected it
@marc_gonsalves thanks for your support 
@MartinSantosR porfa no compartas #FakeNews
I'm glad you clarified this, senator. I too was puzzled to read that headline given your knowledge of that phony "peace" deal.
Colombian voters rejected the peace deal on the Oct 2016 referendum but Santos disregarded it. No US$ or support to Santos-FARC
Less than 40% of the electorate voted and less than 50K votes was the deciding margin, yet you speak like everyone dislikes the deal.
But "yes" to visas to narco Venezuelans or their families
Thanks for ruining healthcare and killing Americans.
No visas, but able to win (buy) Presidency, Congress & complete immunity? Really? You are supporting a new Venezuela. Wake up!
Usted Marcó está siendo una desilusión para sus seguidores pregúntese como se siente el presidente Uribe al verlo tibio frente a Farc Santos
.
Marco Rubio elogia Plebiscito contra FARC-Santos

Pero ahora $$$$ pal FARC-Tirano

Agasajo Embajada con Buen Cuido
Video : Marco Rubio praises Colombians for voting against FARC-Santos

Now he wants to send Money to the FARC-Tyrant
http://miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/colombia/article105754341.html …
Colombians voted against it and still got stuck with it! The Colombian people rejected this one-sided peace deal.
It's funny when the peace deal vote had a difference of barely 50K votes and high abstention you're acting like whole country is like you.
I'm not acting like the whole country is like me, I'm acting like the MAJORITY OF VOTERS whose votes were ignored.
Also, same attitude allowed Hugo Chavez to get in power and now all of their officials live or have property in the US.
We know your position regarding communist, terrorist and narcos. Thank you !
No money for Santos he is the worst president in the colombia history and besides that he is a good frien of dictator Maduro
I bet you know nothing about history. You know who was the real worst president? The one who let the U.S. steal Panama.
Senador,la farc ha hecho todo d mala fe: hablan d dejar el narcotrafico y triplican los cultivos de coca.No hay desarme pero hay 900 caletas
Señor, las caletas las van a recoger con la ONU, eso está contemplado. El narcotráfico no es solo de ellos, eso es ignorancia.
De las caletas sólo se habló ahora que encontraron unas.El 90% del narcotrafico es controlado por la guerrilla, antes farc ahora disidentes!
You may want to reconsider your position if you want to help save one of the oldest democracies in the hemisphere
If it really were up to the people, the plebiscite would have been honored. Democracy is being eroded with impositions.
@MartinSantosR Que NOOO!!  NO NO NO NO NO !! Que no insistan
Por el bien d Colombia acompáñenos en nuestra lucha contra el narco gobierno  Farc
Hay que desenmascarar este gobierno profarc por favor , no mas evadir el fondo de esta paz , que nos lleva a el comunismo
Excellent News Mr. Rubio. We need your sanity and character to deal with the rising of Marxism in Latin America
mmmm en mi pais le dicen recular
Are you still living in Miami or did you move to South America?
Is there a patriotic Republican in Washington anymore?  Did you see Trump's interview with Lester Holt?  We want an Independent Counsel.
You can count with my vote, thanks for clear gossips and bad understanding things.
Mire Senador Rubio le resumo el tal #procesodepaz en #colombia, fue vía libre para viejitos cabecillas de las farc deseosos de poder y fama.
Se tuvo que llegar al acuerdo de paz debido a que las Farc se estaban volviendo mas fuertes que el estado.
Pienso todo lo contrario llegaron a ese tal #procesodepaz porq ya estaban debilitados después de los golpes al tal secretariado de las farc
En el pasado el gob. Colombiano intento y mato a muchos lideres
Que consiguio con eso? No mucho aparentemente.
Remember you're not a Colombian Senator. Please focus on the problems you can actually help solve #SpecialProsecutor
How about your thoughts on #russiagate #ComeyFiring
Don't let the ridiculous leftist press push you around.  You and your president won the president because the people want you in charge!
Do you have anything to say about US, your constituents here in Florida?   Oh, that's right, you don't care about us.
What about our President and his ties to Russia?
(1/2) Sr Sen, la PAZ no depende d los colombianos,la JUSTICIA no depende d los ecuatorianos,la DEMOCRACIA no depende dlos venezolanos;(cont)
(2/2)Estamos secuestrados x nuestros ejércitos q luchan x dinero e ideología,defienden ala tiranía y noal pueblo.Solo Uds nos podrían salvan
U ARE "LITTLE MARCO" NOT CAUSE OF HEIGHT, BUT CAUSE OF LACK OF INTEGRITY/HONOR #russiagate #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION
Marco Rubio "surprised" by Comey's firing, "but it's a decision the president's made and we'll go from here." http://abcn.ws/2q1D888  
I agree. Do not give in. While peace is important in COL it can't be at all cost and that is what happened. Yes continue $$$ with strings
@marcorubio the peace deal is bogus FARC Leaders walk around Colombia like there famous   all there are is comunist garbage
Pay the debt that you have with the paracas of the cauca and the signal of sinaloa these trembling mature you have fallen 15 narco small air
Please tell that to the frogeater santos.
The peace un colombia is as falce as democraci in Venezuela, do not all under at that fatal deseption. Pleace help @marcorubio
@realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews FARC deal replaces constitution, violates private property rights and replaces justice with foreign law
@realDonaldTrump @AlvaroUribeVel Colombia needs US help, despite voters rejecting deal with FARC Col govt implemented anyway
What about investigating #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
PLEEEEEASE!!!!!! Que paguen cárcel estos asesinos narcotraficantes de las FARC
Marquito ! Stay away from trump! You are a good person. Do not let him drag you under. People with remember the WH shit show !
No entiendo ni pío De inglés, pero X los comentarios me dejan muchas dudas éste Senador,en el cual tenemos aun esperanzas.Nada a mediasXfavo
We relied on people like you. You, and few others like @MaryAnastasiaOG are our only hope not to end up like Venezuela. But, we lost you.
Could you possibly form an opinion on what's happening to the US, Marco?
Colombians voted #NO to Peace Deal and Mr @JuanManSantos Chose to ignore democratic ruling, so you are supporting a #Tyrant
What is your position on  #TrumpRussia independant ivestigation?  Will FBI be raiding your office anytime soon?  You work for us, not trump.
Thank You Senator @marcorubio
Gracias.
That much I can agree with, regardless of my previous comments. Btw, when are you going to talk abou Watergate 2.0?
Include #SantosesMaduro In the Visa BAN as you did with Ernesto Samper for being the Cali Cartel main Politician 
@NoticiasRCN well said @marcorubio... thank you! We must sanction the winner of the Nobel @JuanManSantos.
a Marco Rubio, usted está apoyando  la paz traidora de FARCSANTOS. Colombia será un estado fallido comunista inundado de coca
Farc terrorists should be sent to US prisons to pay for tons of cocaine sent to the country. Not one dime to support criminals!
FBI guy (McCabe) gave you a smackdown bruh
Up to Colombia? then on Oct 2/16 Colombia already voted NO to that false agreement, but Santos still wants to impose it. Help our democracy.
...
Decepción total.. pensé que estaba al lado de los colombianos de bien. Pero pudo más la mentira y el engaño de Santos. Estamos igual a Venez
You'll be reading about the goings on in Washington come mid term elections
Gobierno colombia @juanmsantos ilegitimo gano conplata de obredeth
What about extradición for Farc capos? Coca increase to 200.000 Hr?
🖒🖒🖒🖒
How much CASH did Hillary/Soros give you?
En otras palabras, Justicia
If you vote for this screwed up health care bill called trumpcare I will make sure you are never elected again, and everyone that voted foru
Es obvio q el mundo apoya el proceso d paz d Colombia. Los uribistas son los únicos q no lo entienden ni en español y mucho menos en inglés.
Colombia voted NO already and won, against the cuba peace deal, please dont forget that, Santos wants to ignore our vote in the referendum.
#Colombia already voted against the peace deal in the plebiscite, but the government imposed it through its majorities in the Congress!
Make no mistake. If you support US $ for the implementation of the peace deal, that $ will end in FARC's hands.That's crear in the document!
Peace deal? Which peace deal? It's a fraud! There is not peace. The US should NOT support them. Santos is a corrupt president!
.

Evangelio de Santos

Benditos los Terroristas FARC que matan Americanos

porque Trump y Rubio les darán Millones
The Gospel of JM Santos

Blessed are the FARC Terrorists that kill Americans
for they shall receive Millions of Dollars from Trump…
Marco, be an American Patriot 
Call for a #SpecialProsecutor
This summarizes what you call the "peace deal" but you prefer to trust criminals and Santos not good Colombians.
@MaryAnastasiaOG @POTUS
Be careful. Santos, and that is for sure, will use this usd $ for farc purposes.
It is good you don't get into any other country's decisiones Colombia as much as Venezuela have their own Goberment. Nobody wants you around
Your position?
Why did you mail me a letter begging for money.
Crooked.
La posición de pueblo colombiano  mayoritariamente es Igual.Santos gobierna para minorías, esta asesinando la democracia. No más SANTOS FARC
Como me contacto con alguien del partido en  en Cúcuta quiero ser activista
No he isn't.
You can easily see his true colors.
#MakeRussiaGreatAgain
And arrest,the farc chief.They produce the cocaína ,for the young,the future of Your country.
They give a poison for them.Destroy families
Su posición no ha cambiado ..Paz Colombia se reemplazó x Plan Colombia que combatía droga y apoyaba Fuerza Pública, eso fue con Admón Obama
Gracias por ayudar a defender nuestra democracia Senador, un saludo desde Colombia
.

Evangelio de Santos

Benditos los Terroristas FARC que matan Americanos

porque Trump y Rubio les darán Millones
The Gospel of JM Santos

Blessed are the FARC Terrorists that kill Americans
for they shall receive Millions of Dollars from Trump…
Production of cocaine has sky-rocketed and won't stop.
Santos is committed to obey FARC. He knows no one will do anything against him.
Senador,me siento desconcertada por ud,siempre lo vi como un apoyo para el pueblo Colombiano,ahora veo que cambio de posición,apoya a Santos
Why did Santos stop aerial spraying of coca leaf crops with glyphosate?
It continues 4 food crops!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VqbnJGC_ZE …
@MaryAnastasiaOG
What are you going to do about a LYING POTUS! Only allowing Russian Press into meeting and not the American Press!
You fool nobody, Marquito. Just like 45, you throw out distractions. We vote & we phonebank & we have more credibility than you ever will.
Exactly farc we can't let in they may have started with vision but they are a group only out for themselves and armed
You don't support anything that affects the USA or Americans, whatever happens in Colombia doesn't matter.
No US money for FARC? How can you accomplish that?
@MaryAnastasiaOG
No US visas for FARC? How can you accomplish that?
Timochenko will get a diplomatic US visa as president of #Colombia
@MaryAnastasiaOG
¿En serio Senador? en este vídeo no dice lo mismo.
I voted for you in the primary! Please stand up to this lunatic in the WH!
I made the same awful mistake.
what about Obstruction of justice by firing #Comey. Did you find your balls yet, Rubio? Your FL constituents are waiting.
Tranquilo senador Rubio: las NarcoFarc No necesitan VISA-USA para inundar su país de Cocaína!!!multiplican cultivos para envenenar su país.
Senator, political maneuvering makes you look worse! Colombia denied the deal, JMS ignored that! Your support makes you complicit!
heard u say u we DON'T need Indp Investigator 4 Trump/Russia ties. Trumps corruption & abuse of power is unprecedented.Do u hav ANY ethics??
Marco was bought and paid for.
And you really believe impunity is a peace deal? 200k ha. Cocaine is a peace deal? Traveling like superstars is a peace deal?
This is nice but you need to worry about Florida and the US. You post next to nothing about your own country.
You need to be against the deal. The majority of Columbian people rejected the deal. Santos ignored them. Stop vacillating.
We are VERY disappointed with you! We all want "peace" WAY different is using peace to turn the Country to another Venezuela. You know it!
.

Evangelio de Santos

Benditos los Terroristas FARC que matan Americanos

porque Trump y Rubio les darán Millones
The Gospel of JM Santos

Blessed are the FARC Terrorists that kill Americans
for they shall receive Millions of Dollars from Trump…
And your position on #TrumpRussiaInvestigation? https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862692722339196929 …
RUBIO-NIXON-RR-"BUSH"-TRUMP-PENCE-CRUZ-RYAN-ETC$9T/yr(BLOOD MONEY)100'sMILsDEA VICTIMsFASCIST SWAMP CRIMINAL OLD TESTAMENT ANTI-CHRISTS AMEN
Los colombianos apoyamos la paz, lo que no apoyamos son los falsos acuerdos que no son más que un negocio entre santos y los terroristas
La paz tiene al pueblo colombiano al borde de la ruina donde todo es para los terroristas y para el pueblo impuestos
more importantly ... SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW!!!!  Country or party?  Which?
@marcorubio Colombia duplicó los cultivos de coca tenemos 188.000 mil hectáreas de coca con la firma de la paz y es de las farc. 
Entonces??
Pues la respuesta es obvia, Santos presidente ilegítimo es socio del cartel de la coca más poderoso del mundo conocido como las FARC
will you please support a special prosecutor
Senador: dinero "para Colombia", terminara siendo habilmente desviado para las farc. Usted no conoce la astucia y alcances de Santos.
Es verdad, abiertamente dice que no hay plata para salud, educación y alimentación escolar PAE, solo hay plata para las farc y la corrupción
Falso de toda falsedad. Hay plata en todos esos temas, pero lo que falta es muchísimo más y eso no es novedad ni lo cubre la ayuda USA
As I watch you at the hearing it becomes clear to me Americans got it wrong on last election. Please don't let that mistake prevent u from
Doing what ever you can to right that mistake. This current president has to be dealt with. Enough is enough
How about working for us, the people that put you in office for a change!, instead of being a GOP sheep!
Regarding #Russia involvement... "Vladimir Putin ate my homework."
Gracias.
I do agree but, peace agreement dealt in Cuba.... please Sen. Dont be naive or else. Colombia's freedom was compromised . Shame
No queremos que apoye el proceso de paz, bajo ninguna circustancia.
Little Marco your position has been that you hate your job and will do anything to stay away. PERFECT
That's not enough, colombian narcterrorists must keep claimed by USA justice
Dude, money is for Farc only. Open your eyes!
Glad you're having your own little campfire.  Hard to notice when your President is burning down the country and its constitution.
Senator-- please call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russian influence in WH immediately. Put country before party
Do you not see our country is in crisis! When you ran against Trump you said he was unfit to lead! Now your his lap dog!
Very irresponsible to support in any way the bad called peace deal,  you dont care about Colombians as long as those terrorist dont mess USA
.

Evangelio de Santos

Benditos los Terroristas FARC que matan Americanos

porque Trump y Rubio les darán Millones
The Gospel of JM Santos

Blessed are the FARC Terrorists that kill Americans
for they shall receive Millions of Dollars from Trump…
Well said Senator @marcorubio. Thanks for caring for your friends in Colombia. But there is still a lot you can do to help!
Zero impunity they pay for crimes against humanity 
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP There's 0 doubt Rs wouldn't wait 1 sec to hire Special Prosecutor if Pres.OB,HRC in this position.
@CNN @MSNBC @ABCPolitics 
Rs wouldn't wait 1 sec to hire Special Prosecutor if Pres.OB,HRC in this position.
@SpeakerRyan @VP @SenateMajLdr 
@GOPLeader @Reince45 Rs wouldn't wait 1 sec to hire Special Prosecutor if Pres.OB,HRC in this position.
Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
What's your position on independent counsel
He has 2 positions .... kneeling and bending over.
This is deflection from the #TREASON afoot at home. What are you hiding, sir? #TickTock
There needs to be a special counsel to investigate Rump.
This is the national security emergency.
Ya entendieron? Ahora alguien que le  explique a jmsantos porque no entendió como es
GET ANOTHER CAREER #COVERUP
Constitutional crisis Marco. Here. In North America. You were elected to be a leader. So do some of that. Otherwise-quit
Always with you Marco! I stand behind you!
With your dildo strapped on.
Do your job & focus on the US. Vote 2investigate Trump. Don't cover. If D shoe was on D other foot he would vote against u in a heartbeat.
What's Ur position 2investigate possible Trump Russia Ties & demanding Trump shows his taxes like every other president. Seek D truth 4ppl!
congressman farc still sending drugs to whole world allowed by the goverment of colombia it is @JuanManSantos @CristoBustos @roybarreras.
Good.
How did you like the photos of Trump smiling and shaking hands with the Russians??
#PlanPazColombia Se utilizará para dar cumplimiento a las exigencias de los narcoterroristas de las farc, en el tal "acuerdo de paz"!!
.@marcorubio The only position you've ever been in is on your knees in whatever direction Don the Con's ass is facing.... Too easy Marco
Al unico que no le sirve la paz en #Colombia es a @AlvaroUribeVel que es mas corrupto que muchos
Thanks for info.
Así es, los colombianos estamos de acuerdo con tu posición frente a los narcoterroristas de las farc, colombia  a punto del socialismo
