outrageous behavior, not a good example for our young generation.
I agree. Using that widow so politically
y don't u write @POTUS directly? U shouldn't use other people 2 pass ur comments. Tell him ur concerns. 
B brave!
I do, but doesn't stop me from responding to others like yourself  on Twitter.  If you're going
I don't get ur point, do u agree that people shouldn't stand up 4 that lady? Is this what u teach the young? 1
for political gains. I know I was appalled how he used her grief. I understand you thought for her, but
no I would stand up for her! Show compassion and respect, this is what I meant to teach the young generation.
the young also must learn to recognize and not accept hypocricy. I'm sure Ryan's father understands that
So sad to see people couldn't put the hate behind them & honor a Hero!My heart cries out to how they can verify their actions
Rubio and Fox are lying. It did not happen.
Rubio does not lie and he was there Were? You? And he said "some"
I Video on THE WHITE HOUSE SITE shows Rubio lied. Owens & his widow deserve an investigation into his death.
President Trump was using the grieving widow Carryn Owens to lure support..very sad
yeah just watched YouTube..... you lie.
why would you tweet this misleading video? Check out snopes.  Don't promote fake news.
This is so sad to see how the democratic are acting. I have never seen this behavior.
Navy SEAL William "Ryan" Owens & his widow Carryn deserve to be honored by a full investigation into his death. Take the lead
So shameful of Democrats to be so disrespectful! I would be so embarrassed to call myself a Democrat today.
Shame on you Senator You are distracting Americans Exploiting a fallen hero He didn't fight for a standing ovation
You @GOP are so superficial. You make a fuss over this yet deny veterans the resources they need through legislation.
@realDonaldTramp @FoxNews #veterans this is the most despicable thing I have ever saw. How dare they! My heart broke for her.
Worry about Russia in the White House and your lack of courage to face your constituents, you hypocrite.
Not stunning Senator, it was disgusting
read posts from #USvet on hashtag #StolenValor to see why.  Using #CarrynOwens/#RyanOwensWidow after dodging responsibility.
so is using the death of a brave American for political gain.
@marcorubio Sir, when will you hold a town hall for the people of Florida, your constituents?
Who were the two meatheads doing the thumbs down? I want to make sure I send those two a message!! Let me know please!
uhh, this is why you should watch the speech yourself and not rely on manipulative editing. They were booing ACA repeal.
Dana, I did watch the speech, I was in a room full of people cheering the ACA was going bye like my doctor!!
these libs have no soul.
Could you please reassure JCC in Florida regarding the recent bomb threats/anti semitism ?
Thank you for honoring Seal Ryan. Now, focus on Florida. Stop avoiding & hiding #wheresmarco @IndivisibleFL13
Democrats did stand. What was disrespectful was how Trump used this woman & tried to rewrite what happened. #investigate
Wow, I didn't realize you were one of the big liars too... good to know.
that s bullshit, the video is edited the audience reactions are from another part of the speech. Video is manipulated
This video is misleading.  All of the Democrats were standing to applaud the Navy hero.  The video put together 2 diff parts
once again republican manipulation of the media to justify fake outrage
I have some other words, Dispicable for one.
It's very sad to see the serious political divide in our government.
Rubio please, nobody is shock when the Democrats disrespect this country, they do that everyday
It's on film, Democrats stood.
Democrats stood apparently, so who sat?
they were standing. You are a liar too.
Who? Who sat down during that moment? That was a Kellyanne hoax proven false by the White House tapes. Retract, Little Marco.
Why were you willing to team up with Ds re amnesty. See them? They'll ruin middle class for votes. Trump has only answers.
@NileGardiner Well, you are quite the hypocrite @SenRubio!  You stayed seated when President Trump talked about IMMIGRATION!!
Marco Rubio, shut up ! If you don't have any thing nice to say, don't say it. Read my lips, Shut Up !
You understand they were not standing because they oppose DJT's order for the raid
Rubio U were sold for $100,000 by DeVos. Propaganda of 45 to use widow was despicable. It made us want to vomit what GOP did.
@ohanamp73 Their true feelings of the military?
@MAGANIFICENT Tell that to Michael Moore where are you men?
I am not shocked at all knowing what democrats stand for these days.
Dont start rumors & bs about that. It's NOT true. Take a look at the videos. But he did use her as a prop & that disgraceful.
.@SenRubioPress @kleegrubaugh
While SEAL Owens & family display tremendous courage, @marcorubio lies about being overseas to avoid..../1
......facing angry constituents. Mr. Rubio, you are the LAST person to lecture anyone how to honor those who serve this country. #noballs
@TheMeemStreams dems bunch of clowns ... more worried about transgender rights that homeland security and Americas lives 
Rubio why people are not happy with you in Tampa, you are turning to be a source of disturbance you should resign.
No question.Regardless of Trump's shameless use of her as a political prop, everyone should have applauded her.
You guys are so gullible.   This is FAKE
Obama + Dems nurtured an anti-American culture for 8 yrs. Surprise election=revolt ag that culture. Sit-down=cultural lag.
more bad Faux News. Thumbs down was about Ryancare proposal
she was being used, to the horror of that SEAL's father. Sit down was about that, not the SEAL. Get off your hobby horse
So glad to see you showed up for work!
Well, @realDonaldTrump is still deflecting any responsibility for the operation that created this widow.
many, myself included, feel she was being exploited, especially considering the investigations and Trump's blame game.
@ReaganBattalion Rubio you are without shame! Stop using the pain of a woman who lost her husband to promote your party!
That is horrible, something like that, EVERYBODY SHOULD HAVE BEEN STANDING !!!!!!!
@KCGirl25 it was heart breaking especially when she was looking up and crying.... shame on those who stood down looking down
I agree.  That was an emotional moment.
They were not giving the thumbs down to the widow. So blatantly fake for anyone who actually watched
@dianeeldredge99 It was disgusting and an insult to all service members and their families!
Sorry to say I wasn't shocked in the least when they didn't stand in tribute. It's  who they are.
Imagine he hadn't died on a shitty operation that killed children and gained us nothing.45 got him killed marco.Vets remember
More stunned to see a widow used as a political prop, while the CiC refuses to take any responsibility for his death.
@ReaganBattalion This has been disproven. Why keep tweeting about it?
@ReaganBattalion Rubio lies, watching President Baby-Man use the widow of a soldier he got killed as a cheap prop was gross.
Dems have nothing to be proud of. We need to send them to Syria leave them there maybe they would appreciate our Service men
Keep in mind most Dem legislators are really old & fat. Maybe they just had to sit down?
Little Marco, that has been edited to look that way! Fake news! Liar!
Even more stunning is that you are complicit in Russia hacking us and meddling in our country! Corrupt coward! #russiagate
@KIR_bigg50-I understand what u r saying but it's really not. The Dems have been solely about the will to power since the 60s
Perhaps they were offended by @POTUS using his mistake that got Owens killed, and his widow, as a pol. prop
@ReaganBattalion Could it be #fakenews ?
Speaking of stunning, refresh my memory, what were the circumstances leading up to his death?
@ReaganBattalion more stunning than your silence on a Russian dictatorship
- Nobody was sitting down.
Stunning? Disgusting is the appropriate word.
I find you interesting to follow - we agree on many things. Others, our perspective is polar. THIS is one of those.
@ReaganBattalion such a shame that the dude is still too much of a coward to have a town hall
Ryan Owens is from my home town and you are being kind in saying it was stunning. It was shameful.
Commander-in-chief? Never. Merely Chump-in-chief.
New Trump strategy. Authorize doomed mission resulting in soldier's death.Deflect criticism by hailing martyr and family.Sad.
I believe @DNC members decided to NOT exploit a widow- I can't say that for 45. They honored & then chose to not exploit.
I watched-a different perspective-That ovation of DRIVEN from the mic-It was vulgar in its extreme length-I wanted it stopped
I am a bit confused by your statement..'stunning' ?..I doubt anyone meant disrespect to Mrs Owens..stunning does not fit tho.
Ryan Owens deserves honor, he is a true hero. It's in poor taste to use her pain as a political ploy. I applaud her, not DMT.
He WAS honored. But not enough for 45. He wanted MORE and so DROVE more. I saw @DNC members honor, then not exploit her grief
