We know you're gearing for another crack at the presidency. Thanks for the constant reminder. 

Now what are you & @GOP doing to help PR?
What are YOU doing janae?
....?

Did anyone vote for me? I have no responsibilities to take on or promises to keep. I am a citizen of this country. I've given money
We can't ask them questions now? Unbelievable.
That should have been done last week!
Its about fucking tome, what took so long?!
Thank you.  We are counting on you!
America  THIS is what Leadership looks like! @marcorubio is a man of Action not inflammatory Tweets! Meeting w/Gov of #PuertoRico
I'm not even Republican & I have to say I've been impressed with Rubio's response & efforts. Trump's response (or lack of) is inexcusable.
Trump is a racist. QED
Thank you, please let us know how we can help
Stop the antiquated Jones Law!
Matthew 6:1 

Do not practice your righteousness in front of others. If you do, you will have no reward from your Father in heaven.
Quoting scripture is cheap, love your neighbor as yourself sir, the word of G-d is action and results, sit down and shut up!
I'm a a fucking atheist and this is my twitter so you can pretty much go fuck yourself.

I donated 20% of this week's pay to #PuertoRico.
Fantastic!
Thank you! I am not a Republican, but this is not a time for politics. Please assess and push for help.
Marco in florida you when and campaign and thanks to my people "Puerto Rican" you keep your job. Watch this
Do a CeeBee surge across PR to revive power water and communications
Please Send Help Up in the Mountain at El Parariso, Fajardo,PR. To My Families Tufino-Cruz and TIA Olga and Her Hubby and Family.
This is what's needed:
Good job #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief
I’m a LPN in Florida with IV certification and I am more then willing to help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico 
Did you bring aid with you on your government flight?
Any help they get no matter how they get it in PR is needed. You can’t help yourself to get a political jab in even during a crisis SHAMEFUL
It is a legitimate question. shameful is tweeting out your concerned faced flying in on the government dime without a plane full of aid.
Do know for a fact that the plane had no aid on it?
No, that's why I'm asking.
I called your office today. Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy.
blessings do you have the time . to hear just a sec #SoundCloud
So good to see you working for your constituents in Fl again.
#Cuba has offered a field hospital and staff to help #PuertoRico. Take the help! Jones act is foolish arrogance
Thank you sir
@marcorubio Congress needs to act TODAY, not in October!
You're personally trying sir, but where was the urgency last week from the WH, FEMA, Military, & Congress. Many are going to die as a result
And access. Don't forget to tell us how to get in.
Plz inform public of what we have already done,
Do something and help Puerto Rico !! The Jones Act And The Debt Crisis because the Americans they create this situation now PR have to pay
I don't like one minute of you but thank you for trying to do something about PR, rather than remain critical of country like Rump.
Carlos Ponce, was married to his sister. He literally has political nephews who are of Puerto Rican father.
So now what? How many people have to die before the supplies that have been sitting on the dock since Saturday will be distributed?
Thank you for doing what the clown won't do.
Time

"A society will be judged on the basis of how it treats its weakest members"

~Pope John Paul II

You couldn't wait for Drumph?
Your insane leader faults PR for this natural disaster via twitter. Impeach him already, we need sanity back in our U.S. not trump chaos
Thank You!!!
Let us know how to help the people not their governor who helped them become bankrupt.
Thank you Senator Rubio for showing up in Puerto Rico. Unfortunately I can't say the same for Trump. He's too busy tweeting about the NFL.
And where is your fearless leader?  Glad you're there but vote no on very cruel health bill.
#USVirginIslands also need help.... #StCroix #StThomas #StJohn
Thank you.
I’m ashamed of America that during a humanitarian crisis people only care about tweeting political jabs. It’s shameful
Why are you there?  Shouldn't you be in DC...doing something?
Stick with a Senator. PR needs you.
Probably easier to figure what theydont need. May God Bless them.
Thank You for being there
Thank you senator Rubio. Please do all that you can through the government to help restore PR and to prioritize rebuilding.
Couldn't you find any experts? What do you know about disasters besides photobombs?PR needs a new power grid ASAP! That's a good start!
Thank you Senator for going to start out aid for our citizens.
I pray you brought supplies with you!The President is talking about how much PR owes to Wall Street and banks at a time like this.Thank you.
Marco: Do you think voting to take away their Healthcare will help Puerto Rican's recover faster?
Assess? There is no assessment needed. They need everything we can possibly give them.
Maybe you should turn over the money you got from Soros to Puerto Rico.
Thanks for going where @realDonaldTrump has not. Hopefully you'll help more than some lame ass talking about crowd size. Thanks again.
Thank you for actually doing something about PR
Watch the new you would be a step ahead th y need water and power.
Assess, but don't take from the ones who need! Don't drink their water or eat their food! Hope you brought your own!!! #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
They need EVERYTHING right NOW!
Why couldn't you be our president
That's why you lost in the presidential primaries in FL and we gave you another chance but you do not learn. Get to work for FL! We PAY you!
Thank you for visiting Puerto Rico. They ought to have their own representation in the Senate, though.
@seungminkim @realDonaldTrump is only Tweeting about the disaster, blaming the people.
Return to FL to attend the letter that I sent to you about the problems of a disability couple and you have not answered from 3 months ago.
How about a bailout?
Thanks and I hope you can help my beautiful Island!!!
That's too bad.
Your helps are wanted.
Please help them. Trump seems to blaming THEM for being in the way of a hurricane!
Grandstanding opportunity
Don't forget to make a call to @POTUS. He doesn't seem to properly respond to the needs of Puerto Ricans. He's more focused on major leagues
This is what a President does.
U Just arrived #wtf
The Republican Party tonight: "what shall it profit a man to gain the world and lose his Soul?"----
Great @marcorubio always support Puerto Rico
Thank you for your leadership, Senator. Could you please encourage members of Congress to do the same? Ppl in PR are suffering.
Help! Naval fleet! Now! Army engineers! Air Force SOS SOS SOS this is apocalypse!
Glad you went to Puerto Rico!
SOS SOS get help! Navel fleet! Army corp! Where's the massive response @DHSgov @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews @CBSNews  people are dying! Help
God bless you. Watch over our families and friends in Puerto Rico.
Please push Congress for disaster aid over tax cuts for corporations and the ultra-rich.
Thank you Rubio it is a shame Chicago Reps haven't come forward, many descendants of Puerto Rican's
Nice photo little Marco #maddow
thank you, mr. rubio!!
@guypbenson So much is needed...very quickly.
Notice POTUS didn't make a trip there like he did TX and FL.  Aid didn't get to PR like TX and FL.  Then again, he won TX and FL, not PR!
Gracias @marcorubio, I hope you can quickly get aid to them.
Thanks Sen. Rubio for your caring
I'm sure that they can't wait until OCTOBER for aid. Hope you can make a difference!
We appreciate Rubio going--is he towing planes with troops and supplies? If not, who is? #PuertoRicoRelief
Little Marco on his way to PR? Well then, I curb my talk shit about him for TODAY and maybe tomorrow, at least.
Why for God's sake has a national response to this taken so long. They are American citizens like Texans and Floridians! Brown skin perhaps?
Good job Marco
Thank you so very much for going!
#PuertoRicoStrong 
#notforgotten
Thank you
thank you. At least one of you seems to give a shit. Pass it on to all your senator friends and maybe Donnie too. PR is America.
Thank you Senator- PR needs a loud voice right now~ we cannot turn a blind eye to those suffering.  Please demand aid!
Hurry - they really need our help!
Senator, make it count!
Private jet, huh?
I may not have an appreciation for your politics, but at least you're there. Give credit where credit is due.Vive mucho Puerto Rico!
Today you senatored. Let's help those kind folks. Good Job!
Thanks Marco!
Marco Rubio, Sec of State for Latin America & US Territories

Keep up the good work!
asqueroso
Yes thank you!
Don't come back
USS Comfort to Puerto Rico asap
FAA technicians have been ther since last week. Get them help restoring SJU so other help can follow!
Shouldnt you be focused on repealing health care for 20 + million like a good little Republican stooge?
When and your brethren are goi g to come to the conclusion most of us see. The Pres. Is a crazy man.  So scary.  Out of control
Maybe a video chat with Donald —he needs the visuals to act evidently
Thank you President Rubio
Yes!!! Thank you President Rubio!
I'm sorry.  The federal government is too busy assailing the first amendment rights of citizens to respond.  Please try again later.
Thank you!  It's nice to see action, instead of just words.  It goes a long way!
That's a commercial jet, right?
Bueno algo es algo, mejor tarde que nunca...
Beeeee careful
So your flying above , you go down and plug some ears so the insects can’t drive them mad ?? WHAT IS YOUR PLAN???
David Begnaud from CBS News has been there for a couple of days, check in with him, he can show you around the devastation
It'd be great if they had their own Senator who could make that assessment!
Bendiciones and blessings Senator. they need desperate help ASAP. millions of American citizens are at risk from starvation and illnesses
GOD bless you Senator and GOD bless Puerto Rico
Call your buddy mr chump and tell him Puerto Ricans are AMERICAN CITIZENS because he clearly doesn't know that.
Thank you for being the leader America needs. God speed.
Thank you very much for your support. God bless you
Why isn't trump going there? He doesn't own property in Puerto Rico?
Thanks Senator....doin ur job
Do you really need to see it for yourself to know that we need to implement a massive response NOW?! A humanitarian catastrophe is looming.
Please get your boss to stop talking about the NFL and address this. What a terrible president.
What took you so long? Still talking about all things Cuba?
Good for you Mr.Rubio. Hoping you brought help and will kickstart US aid. (Please do more than put empty boxes into the front of a pick-up.)
How about some military helicopters to deliver H2O, food, medicine, generators/fuel and satellite phones for emergency ops. Only waymtns!
More. More needs to be done.
Come on now let's do this!!!Trump won't help so you have to!!!
Marco why spend much needed tax payer money on your travels there? It's obvious how much help they need--help them already
Everything is needed!  They need everything!  They lost everything and the head of your party is tweeting about NFL. VOTE TO IMPEACH TRUMP
Just ARRIVED in Puerto Rico. You Hispanic hypocrite.
Take Trump
Stay safe glad your helping with relief we have Many stupid on there knees here  is Clear Please don't Tell anyone there laughter in the air
So glad to see you focus on something in the United States. Puerto Rico needs tons of help. Sad that Pres Trump is too busy taunting Korea.
Oh... so now you people are following Hillary Clinton and her private email server?
President Trump, Sec. Mattis, and DOD should send the Navy, including the USNS Comfort, to Puerto Rico now. These are American citizens. https://twitter.com/samynemir/status/911401368983924736 …
Glad you're getting out there.  Alot more you need to do. Like #impeachtrump
Thoughts and prayers.
I and lost my house! You are the senator from Florida.  Puerto Rico has it's own representation-you need to be here taking care of us!!
Pay for USA issues first
Prayers to the people of Puerto Rico
Please stay there
Get them Aid ASAP!
One would think POTUS would be doing this but apparently only presidential candidates
Where's your so called leader? Complaining about the NFL. Sad!
Please stay there
Senator Rubio please check on my 82 yo mother in law in Luquillo , no contact !!!!
GRACIAS!!! Please ask @realDonaldTrump to get more involved and make sure He visits the Island ASAP!! We're AMERICANS!!
Trump could not care less. To many black athletes to attack and crowd sizes to exaggerate. Work through congress and governors. WH
The $$ spent flying your ass to PR could be spent on actual recovery efforts! You, looking around and enjoying your press is worthless!
Este puerco.
Gracias...
Bill by @WhiteHouse in 2 to 3 weeks is bull shit
Senior Hill aide says WH expected to send disaster aid request to Congress in 1st/2nd week of Oct for Puerto Rico. That gets ball rolling.
Well their Rubio goes again politicizing a disaster
Did you bring your own water?
What are you voting on the Healthcare bill? Why are you always silent on legislative issues on your Twitter account, PhotoOpp Marco
Thank you for caring for our fellow Americans.

Ahhh.  You are a week late.   What the hell?  Are you worried about the NFL taking a knee as well?
Muchas gracias, Senador! Por favor ayude la gente puertorriqueña en alguna manera posible! 
What is needed is for our president to get his nose out of the NFL  and do his job!
