Yet Bob Levinson is still captive in Iran. His family are your constituents
Rubio has helped lead the way on BL as well.
"charity work" shouldn't include doing the bidding of pernicious #muslimbrotherhood plight of orphans in #islam is universally deplorable
You ARE an expert on the absurd. Look at the administration you support & the bills you approve (tho those are in exchange for $)
free all political prisoners !
Perfect day to free #Aya_Hijazi, it is a great day to set her free! Your voice was heard! Thank you for your tireless work!
R u inlove?
Good! He should be our POTUS
Marco, why do we have to accept Trump's hiding of his past?  Force him to show us his tax returns.  Why is he able to deny us the truth?
Congratulations #ayahijazi, thank you senator, other senators and POTUS.
On the day that Jesus Rose, #AyaHijazi was released. #godisgood
Thankful
Another thing Obama & Kerry could not accomplish
What Obama's administration couldn't do in 8 years - is done in 12 weeks under  @realDonaldTrump
Another Republican idiot giving credit to an evil little orange man. PRICELESS
who/what would you credit?
Bitchhh give credit where credit is due. It was because of @POTUS! Best president ever!
1ST AND ONLY THING POTUS  HAS DONE CORRECTLY.
Thank uuu
Plenty injustice here,Fl prisons are a mess and a 2.4 BILLION $ pit. 47% is nonviolent. Address real issues here!
Finally!!
As America's strength is reaffirmed the world starts to act more fairly. In big ways and in small.
Now let's turn our attention to @freejoshholt, imprisoned in #Venezuela since June with no charges or day in court!
God Bless him and his family. Welcome home!
Glad to hear that, maybe she will come to Florida and run for your seat. Seeing how you don't like your job.
NEXT UP! Harassment by agents upon arrival at the airport~
Now that he's out though...don't let him get on a plane !
Kinda like all those guys in Guantanamo?
As we are held hostage by you & your cronies.  When will we be free from your oppression?
Thank you Lord
Very good news on this special day.

Thank You...Egypt!
Good to see you back from your trips to Europe
I'm sure that Trump will take credit for that because of his exemplary negotiating skills.
We do the same thing here in America,  you do realize that
Thanks for your continued pressure to release these political prisoners!
Excellent. Thanks to @POTUS for restoring and improving ties with Egypt. Great news!
No thanks to U #LITTLEmarco U couldnt negotiate the proper way to slice a lime, or "tiny lemons"!!
More wins for potus
HOORAY 4 TRUMP! WELCOME HOME 'AyaHijazi.'
#MAGA
Say thx to Trump
Praise God
And @realDonaldTrump should release his tax returns that are being kept hidden for absurd reasons, show some balls @GOP
That's great. Now how about you meet with your constituents? What are you afraid of Florida grannies?
smells like a result of meeting with trump.  Thank you mr president
@leloveluck And this morning potus is trying to intimidate protesters here in the US. How long before this becomes us?
@FoxNews where's your reporting on this!?!
And how about some charity here at home????
3. Fedrral funding to private schools.              
2.Terminate Drpt if Edication.                         1 Terminate EPA. #Fedup
Of course, the press will not give the POTUS any credit, but what a coincidence he just met with Egypt's President and now he is released.
6 Mobilize sanctuary cities Punish.            5. Repeal the ACA  Not replace just take itcaway.
4.Dismantle Dept of Ed.  Publuc schools.
9.Some abortions will be criminal.                  8 Right to work basically Union busting.   7.Roll back wildlife protection?
You are not serious. As someone who has a good friend from Egypt, this guy is as worse as they get. Do yr homework!
Now let's send them some more money and weapons.
Very happy that you are listening to your constituents.  Oh wait, nope.  You are NOT! About 1000 of us showed up yesterday - where were you?
No glory here - 3 years is shocking for someone who was, and is innocent.
I wonder why?  #MAGA
Well I'm sure Trump will take credit for this to. He's a real hands on kinda guy. Good thing he follows Bannons direction.
Maybe you and your buddies can help free us from this absurd excuse of a presidency? Or is doing your job too much to ask...
It's really to bad that it took 3years.
@jaketapper @washingtonpost lil Marco - did Trump give u permission to talk?
#expressionNOToppression ... So happy Egypt set him free. #Freedom #justice
Is a she, and I am also happy. Blessings for you and your Vemezuela.
trump working miracles
Amen!

Well, now we have @POTUS who doesnt support muslim brotherhood terrorists
