You were going to vote to gut Medicaid. Still thinking about killing off the Puerto Rican ppl? Half use Medicaid under block grants.
Tell your president
Electric grid antiquated and local politics not working for the Puerto Ricans w funds they do have.
Amazing that you got there since it's in the middle of a very big ocean.  @POTUS can't seem to find a way. Thanks for helping.
Puerto Rico also needs significant CDBG-DR funds as Congress passed after Katrina and other disasters. Citizens here need equal treatment
Why don't you all pay equal taxes?
talk to your king
If you're actually going to start caring about Americans, then you better change parties.
Ignorant shows you know nothing about PR.
Couldn't we send military HELICOPTERS to help distribute supplies?  You've got the best understanding of the situation.
POTENTIAL? really
Maybe contact someone in the WH?  They seem to think this is Puerto Rico's fault/problem to fix.
They can't!!!They're suffering!!!
Sorry Ila - I meant the people in the WH are blaming Puerto Rico for their catastrophe.
Yes! I know. Thats OK.
WHY DON'T  #PuertoRicans DESERVE THE SAME TREATMENT AS ..... 
TEXAS ..... 
FLORIDA... 
EVERY STATE IN AMERICA!! 
WHY SO QUIET @marcorubio
Tell this to your President. He seems to be distracted by saying bad things about black people who protest racism right now.

Lil Marco.......go tell your bossman.
Glad I voted for you!
Marco, "potential"? How about you move in to that especially devastated area for a few weeks, living that potential crisis way-of-"life".
MUST get solar power going.  Stop wasting $$ on non-renewable power which requires transmission grids!
So @marcorubio, what are you going to do about it? Quote a Bible verse? What's your plan?
Thank you Marco Rubio..
What I don't understand is shouldn't there be lots of power crews there now with military?
Thanks for retweeting this. Please also post video of Rubio's noon explanation of why it must be D of D that takes the lead.
We need to get people off the island with the same agility. Carnival and Royal Caribbean need to be there for PR.
I think one of them has offered. They can't do carriabian cruises, lots of empty ships
I went for a road (not aerial) trip to rural areas yesterday and people need water and food. Sad, people will die.
Can you post pics? Little children & old people get shared more & get better donations. Would Lifestraws help? Solar lamps? Want 2 help
This news coverage give some idea of accessible areas. Remote  areas are worst.
Just know that the people of Houston send love & support for our friends there. We will not forget PR.
On San Juan's streets
you have better luck w/ FEMA than we have in Houston. You have abt the same number of people as Houston & still bad here a month later.
Sad. 
What can we do to help you right now?
Step up and confront @Potus about his abhorrent behaviors and paranoid fears. He is an insult to this country & the institution he represent
I wanted the next POTUS to be @marcorubio
Just sayin
@BenSasse
Senator, #45 got what he wanted, the Office. The #GOP got what it wanted; control of the Gov't. This is on your head as much as his unless you stand for the citizens and damn your party.
Can THey use a cell phone?
Senator, we knew PR was going to take a direct hit DAYS before it hit.  Why was the relief not flowing as soon as weather improved? #FAILURE
Marco what does asap-stand for? What's it mean?what language?  Trump has no clue.but doesn't he owe them BIG BUCKS. That why he said hiding
We are resilient people in PR but need help from our fellow citizens in the mainland.  Fragile situation here. Thanks for helping !
I'm sending what I can personally. You're not forgotten. I'm sorry our collective "president" isn't sending all the help that is needed.....
Same. These f-ing hurricanes picked the wrong *president*
Speak to YOUR president Mr. Rubio! He is the one ignoring this tragedy and others!
If so, then why is their governor praising Trump and reprimanding congress for taking so long? Go straight to the source.
Jut heard the Governor on tv, he was not praising trump.
Wrong. Try again. He was on this morning and was.
He was also JUST interviewed by PBS and said it too. You just want what you're saying to be true to make your hate fit, but it won't.  #MAGA
Do what Hillary said.  Send in the USS Comfort!
Follow Gen Honore advice, leadership in the assistance effort so far not good enough.
Tell that to your president.
Well do something
Where is your president!?! He doesn’t care about Latinos...  Marco wake up stop kissing up to him. He is the American hitler!
Your boss-hole thinks that the real crisis is black people in America having an opinion. That's what the evidence shows.
Black people? Or spoiled millionaires that disrespect our country while on the clock? There have been white players taking a knee too.
They earn their spot. Not given to them by Daddy Whorehouse. What they're doing is an HONOR to our constitution.
Yet no correction on your race baiting? Nice. Lots of people earn their jobs and they still act accordingly while on the clock. Time/place.
this all started w/ a protest about racial injustice. Others are joining to show support. NOT rocket science here
Love how you took down one of your posts. Your comment was "BLACK people having an opinion" and that's race baiting. It's about disrespect.
You're stuck in your own world and don't see the point to his comment about PLAYERS not black players taking a knee DURING THE ANTHEM.
There's a time and place. He just praised the cowboys today for the EXACT pic you were so excited to show and now took down.
Not quite the same response that #DotardTrump is giving to #puertorico as he gave to #Texas and #Florida Keep supporting him Marco.
By the way @CNN @MSNBC there's a humanitarian crisis in #PuertoRico and >80% of your coverage is on the #Dotard's #NFL racist remarks.
What can we do to help?
http://unidosporpuertorico.com/en/ 
The federal slow response starting with our president is appalling. #PuertoRico
No if HRC hadn't protested the Navy there in 2000 they would be helping now. So ignorant. Learn why that island was already a disaster.
Prayers for #PuertoRico!
Keep them. Send money instead.
That's tacky!
So's your profile pic.
Thanks!
Portable Biomass Generators&Power Plants: Burn the Wood Waste/Debris for Electricity.
Waiver of Jones act, you are in a leadership role please fix this situation
waiver of Jones act, why good enough 4 Fla, and Texas? Help with this problem please
Keep pushing for this and also help for other Caribbean islands, Senator!!
And water....and medicine...
Rally your colleagues to #suspendJonesAct
You need to talk to the POTUS.  He is the one stopping it.  Do you get what he is all about, yet?  No humanitarian deeds.
Please get your President onboard! He's tone deaf on #PuertoRico despite the constant pleas for help. This is his "Katrina"!
 https://www.gofundme.com/2369dp-puerto-rico-disaster-relief-fund … 

#puertorico #StandWithPuertoRico #Donate #pr #HelpPuertoRico
Maybe you could lead a new "grand plan" to rebuild w/hardened infrastructure, better tax incentives, etc. Rescue. Recovery. Rebuild.
@BillWeirCNN What about Vieques? 
Please help the people there! No word from my family there since Maria. This is a USnightmare
What are you doing about it?
Please! Do something today! Food, water, & medicine at the VERY LEAST! Use the damn helicopters! Do something TODAY!
My last piece for endi was actually concerned with the need to reinvent the energy infrastructure there
Marco, do the right thing and impeach this soulless President before many more ppl die.
Wouldn't it be great if you were, say, in the Senate and able to help, little Marco?
So to clarify, you were able to find your way to #PuertoRico which is like an island  in an ocean  and that ocean is really, really big? Did you explain your discovery to @realDonaldTrump
When your so-called prez gets back from his next 3 day vacay playing he might get something together for funding, if he can tear himself away from his remodeled gold toilet tweet throne. But only if he can get some  for himself. #TrumpCrimeFamily
How about you use your position to demand your president send AID NOW???!!!
https://twitter.com/swisstriple_m/status/912984157969633280 … #RelocatePuertoRicans to the mainland.
Who leads project to relocate PR U.S. CITIZENS to U.S. mainland due to horrifying hurricane destruction to FLA/NC/PA? #RelocatePuertoRicans
I agree...
Tell that to your Senate colleagues and POTUS!
POTENTIAL? jesus
This island is not habitable! It needs to be evacuated!
Sorry, Commander in Chief thinks Tweeting about kneeling NFL players is more important. #ImpeachTrump
.I. marco
1948 taxpayers pd $32B=132B today 'Marshall Plan' Germany Europe ppl who murdered us & psychopath WH does 0 Puerto Rico, day 1 shld b help
Tell it to your idiotic leader, Trump!
If only there was someone who could talk to @GOP leaders and #POTUS to make this happen ... smh
You know, Marco, PR probably would not have it so bad if it weren't for the man in charge whose orange ass you're kissing all the time
So you learned a new word in Republican vocab. Tremendous was forever spoiled, as Trump's 4 grade level cld only learn that.
Why has Trump administration been so slow to react?  PR is not blessed with lots of equipment to clear roads and repair electrical grid.
POTUS decided to tweet about the NFL & about Puerto Rico's debt.  Seems like they would have received help right away if a Dem was president

And how are you helping? How much are you donating? Who are you holding accountable? Blood on your hands too. Te estamos velando.
exactly what are you doing to help? Besides tweeting?
Where’s your President? Another photo op in Puerto Rico next week is unacceptable!They need help getting their sick out! #SendPuertoRicoHelp
Don't worry, @realDonaldTrump has it  all under control. 
Tell your fucking useless "president."
Umm you're one of the guys who should be making this happen not calling for it on twitter.
@GOP controls all 3 branches of govt. #DoYourJob
#Impeach45 to get the aid rolling
Yes please help! Thank you Marco!
How about getting the rest of the #RepublicanParty on repealing the Jones Act?
Try getting the Mango maniac engaged please. He seems to forget PR is part of the Uas
Must get @realDonaldTrump to realize it's a US Territory
I cannot believe I am saying this but I so wish you were in the White House - if HRC couldn't be there, of course.
We know.  Go tell that shitheel excuse for a president to stop his blatant race-baiting and do something useful for his citizens.
And why has that President not done anything? He spent his weekend being the racist he is while Puerto Rico suffers. Shame.
Thank you Senator for your support but this is beginning to look like Katrina
Ask @dhsgov to Waive Jones Act?
Then use your influence and get it done. Because it can't happen too soon.
Give it back to Spain and we will deal with it.
Let @realDonaldTrump know. Or better yet, impeach him.
Your president is failing our people. But by all means keep supporting uim@
Puerto Rico does need help now and in the future. Where are the supplies and help people are sending? Why are they not being distributed?
Thank uou@
But @realDonaldTrump says we can't cause it's an island surrounded by water and he can't drive trucks to it. #puertorico #POTUS
Praying
Thank you Marco Rubio, people like you are what makes the world a better place
What is stopping this process of helping the 3.5 million US citizens getting the help they need?
You're from the government! HELP!
Well Do something 4 #PuertoRico besides tweeting
That is your job! Make it happen!
Thank you for making the trip, and recommending ACTION !
Trump just heard about PR today. Guess they owe Wall Street money.
You just figured that out today?
How about airdrops of food and water NOW to start? People will die without them. More important than electricity. Work on both.
Thank you for caring Marco.  Trump doesn't care about the American People
You actually have to do more than just tweet the events of the day. What are you DOING?
Thank you!
Gracias Marco........we need to send the cavalry and we need your help and push. Remember we have many PRicans that have served our country
I’m not a fan but thank you for doing what @realDonaldTrump should have done days ago. Btw, fix the ACA, don’t repeal it
Do something you dumb fuck!Talk to Trump and ask for resources;Porto Ricans are Americans just like Texans, Floridians & others!

@POTUS @VP
Tienes que empujar para enviar fondos inmediatamente. #UnidosPorPuertoRico #CongressActNow
trump do not care about Puerto Rico why do you still support him Rubio !  He says he is focused on NFL
What has taken our government so long. It is as though you just woke up to this disaster.
We all know this , Why don't you ask YOUR president why he hasn't acted more quickly ? #PuertoRicoStrong #maddow
Sorry, your party's President just tweeted that because Puerto Rico owes money to Wall Street, no help is forthcoming. Enjoy your Katrina!
Who’s actually in charge of the federal response?
Gracias 
Please light a fire under Congress' ass!
Shame you supported an incompetent for President
Maybe you should talk to that orange carnival barker in the WH if you can get him off Twitter for a while. And teach him about territories.
3.5 mil US citzn in PR. No comm water food = med emerg delincuency; full blown humanitarian crisis in AMERICAN SOIL. http://unitedforpuertorico.com 
I bet you do nothing but continue to brown nose Trump!
thanks for pointing that out
We need them here on the USA mainland. Maybe Germany or england or france or japan? They don't even know what a puerto rican is.
Thanks for going but now u need to get Trump to move. PR needs troops to set up communication, hospital ship, food water etc. NOW!
Right - are you going to take them out of the keys? H. Maria came fast with people still reeling from IRMA.
You forgot to say what you were going to do about it.
I've worked with PREPA before- they needed help before the hurricanes! Govt run utility is a bad idea- political appointees not engineers.
@realDonaldTrump 
THEY NEED THE UNITED STATES HELP, SO HELP THEM!! or just get out of the WHITE HOUSE @realDonaldTrump
YEAH GOVERNOR GREAT JOB TRUMP. SEND HELP!!
Oh yeah? THEN FUCKING DO SOMETHING!

JUST IN: Trump admin refuses to lift shipping restrictions to help get supplies to Puerto Rico http://hill.cm/XS2eEQ0  
Marco it's in the middle of a big ocean. What can we do?
Feelings on climate change now
@realDonaldTrump  will create a breeding ground 4 future terrorists if 2today's Puerto Rican children don't C their parents getting aid NOW!
You mean the "little island in the middle of a big ocean". Perhaps you provide POTUS with your assessment.
Then tell your fearless president to get on the stick.
good reviews, though?
Don’t worry. Your president will fix that. Tune in to Twitter for details.
Wanting to save 3.5M on PR commendable, but your coming back to DC to kill 32M with lousy health care bill.
Call out dotard Trump immediately. Stop hiding.
Are you going to make it happen?!!
FFS, your Party controls entire Government. Do something. You always present self as a passive observer. Do something.
It would be great if the President would quit arguing with sports players and actually do his job. Thank you Mr. Rubio for going to see.
I'm no fan, but I believe that you care. TAKE THE LEAD. Work with others across the aisle like @RepVelazquez.  It's your chance to do something for others as well as yourself
Marco get your clown  and chief to get help to our citizens down there! These people are suffering, GET THEM HELP!!!!
Also  MANY people should be evacuated ASAP.  People on dialysis, other medical needs, frail elderly. Are arrangements being made?
Fly them in, only way.
Then do something about it. I'm embarrassed as s Floridian with the amount of rolling over your doing.
From your lips to the orange Cheetos tiny ears.....thank you for your support of our fellow Americans in their time of crisis...
Puerto Rico needs people to distribute all donations food & water #UnidosPorPuertoRico #CongressActNow #WeareUSCitizens
One hopes you do, soon. When the Mayor of #SanJuan, #PuertoRico goes to the networks in tears, that's really bad optics for you and Donald.
Wow Marco if only you were a senator in the party in charge and could actually help them?!?!  Like RIGHT NOW. actually like 6 days ago.
Donnie is too busy calling PR a bunch of broke ppl and attacking NFL
Then start impeachment??
Hey just simmer down there junior. We're busy dividing people and insulting athletes; way more important.
How about an @NFL game there (no NA) to raise money? Maybe #Dotard the Clown will make the trip across to  the middle of the great ocean!
Where are the ships
Time to rethink about the root cause #climatechange and #ParisAgreement Something you abominably dismissed. Same to@tedCruz@realDonaldTrump
Tell that to your boss.
Start by getting the @GOPHouse to #Impeach Trump. We need competence! #MACA! Make America Competent Again
Gracias por la solidaridad y su compromiso
US northern command may need to take over vs support FEMA.  Send more military help now either way.
These people need help NOW.  They look so helpless..
Now is the moment Senator, we have Pile, Duke and KUA if other powerlines from orher states helped why thwy can't help PR #SOSPR
Federal government is good when it helps you personally huh Marco? Not an entitlement when it's for you and yours eh hypocrite?
send in the marines
Already is a "serious crisis " If there was a US Congress who could do something......oh wait.
Perhaps if you hadn't pushed amnesty as a member of the Gang of 8, our nation wouldn't have been overrun with up to 55,000 illegals per mo!
That's a double whammy that struck within a single month when we're shelling out hundreds of billions supporting & educating illegal aliens!
Brutal reminder, Mr. Rubio!  Texas suffered from Hurricane Harvey & Florida was devastated by Hurricane Irma prior to Puerto Rico being hit!
How’s the Bible?
So maybe you should remind the president that this should be his biggest priority right now.
DRINKING WATER AND HEALTHCARE FIRST!
Did you tell the so called pres @realDonaldTrump that Puerto Rico is America too? #NOTMAG
.Next time use Heavy-Lift #airships from the good folks at @Aeroscraft & @AirVehicles? Cellphone relays on #Blimp patrols? Levx #monorail
It would be great if you can talk to your Republican buddies to help with Puerto Rico.  Making a statement on Twitter is not enough.
As usual, Rubio, you talk a lot.  Shut your mouth and get to work!
Why have you not sent the USNS Comfort with supplies and fuel to them?  This ship has been docked and unused.

According to President Dotard, everything is going "really well" in Puerto Rico. You mean it's not?
Aren’t you a little late?? Had to spend too much time attempting to destroy HC?? Just getting around to it now that people are dying???
Talk to you friend little hands
