respectfully...Something has to be done about Trump. America cannot continue like this. GOP should fight for impeachment..
won't happen he's done more than Obama ever dreamed of. GREAT STUFF LIKE JOBS
His actions will cause the loss of millions of jobs over the next 10 years. I'm not even joking.
If his "made in China" tax happens, it will ruin razor thin margins for stores like Walmart and Target. Layoffs
most of us are willing to pay more FOR MADE IN USA,
this is true for people who can afford it..But most people shop at Walmart despite it paying welfare rates
because they are NOT willing to pay more. I pay more, you do, but most will not sadly.
you think people who won't even let tax money go for kids who don't eat to get free lunch will pay for MiUSA?
BS!
foreigners can hate us for free!!
1% of 3 trillion is a lot, senator. We can spend $30 billion here. I get the natl sec angle, but that hasn't panned out much.
I agree where's the return on our investment?
ROI? Half of foreign aid goes to public health and humanitarian efforts. The impact on HIV/AIDS alone is significant.
the stuff that's working, keep. The stuff that isn't, stop. We have health and humanitarian issues here, too.
we spend *trillions* on our own healthcare. 30 billion isn't the end of the world if it helps the less fortunate.
people that have a problem with foreign aid usually severely over value how much we spend and its relative impact.
and don't pretend to understand what people under value and over value.
that foreign aid could be used to provide healthcare to our citizens or reform our immigration system #takecareofhomefirst
actually it can't. It's less than 1% of the budget. You need $$ to do major overhaul like that.
what is 1% in $$? What is the yearly projected cost to provide HC to all Americans?
in 2015 healthcare costs were $3.2 trillion (over 75% of our natl budget). Foreign aid is $38.5 billion- includes all forms of aid
agree or disagree that if we gave HC to all Americans that cost wouldn't be lowered significantly? HC Sspending not = to cost
agree. Universal healthcare would cost less than our current system: one risk pool. However, it's still going to be very expensive
my argument is that cutting foreign aid is a drop in the bucket. Won't help fix problems, will create them. Our aid saves lives
my point is we always say what we can't do but we sent man 2 moon, spend more on DEF than every other country. We can do it
.@marcorubio NEA & NEH money is not charity. We must make sure it's spent, but it's less than 0.1% of our budget & needed for natl identity.
NEA makes the govt about a 5000% return on its money. Seems fiscally conservative to me
Yeah, I was going for parody, sacrificing the forcefulness of my message. Thanks for amplifying.
and vital in spreading the values of Western Ideology, something we must protect.
YOU believe in this yet we still have HOMELESS VETS.
PICK A SIDE!
@KirstenPowers it is charity, spent on people that hate you!
@KirstenPowers hola little @marcorubio, why are you still relevant?
We should get out of the foreign aid business.
Obamacare shortfall funding is NOT charity and it is "the law of the land". OBEY the LAW now please!
you better remember that Social Security and Medicare are also NOT CHARITY,  GOP needs to stop complaining that it is.
They still plan on cutting them.
then I hope they are planning on not getting re-elected. Cutting SS & Medicare is a career ending decision.
@KirstenPowers with all the money we spend on other countries we could have helped ourselves out of debt let's be real
..+well-leveraged.Per Hudson Institute US private philanthropy to developing countries ($43.9B/'14) far outstrips USGs $33.1B!
we borrow from china and give them aid. Why? We give aid to nations that are sponsors of terrorism. Why?
Expenses  no matter how small should be scrutinized. Obviously you have never run a business. And  BTW that 1% is our money!
foreign aid is charity. Our efforts are better focused at home than giving it to terrorist nations abroad.
What a better way to spread American values thru charity. Please research the facts, not alternative.
Why do we need to sell ourselves to other countries when they all want to come here? http://www.voteforvern.com 
@KirstenPowers So Mex will help us secure border if we give aid?  Mexican Govt giving tips to illegals on how 2 avoid deport
@KirstenPowers fix American 1st
Having buyers remorse yet? Trump is trying to light the world on fire and create military conflicts...
Why does the US have foreign aid when we have many families and Veterans that need Aid here in the US? You are the SWAMP! MAGA!
True.Well spent includes countries that actually like us.Only concern is we're borrowing money to give to others.
If our taxpayer $$$ are critical for national security, th/ we've strayed way LEFT. WE, here, are more important.
It's our money. We will decide what foreign aid is appropriate for our security.
.@marcorubio we'll keep this in mind whenever the U.S. says it's sending aid to a country hit by a disaster like the #Haiti earthquake.
Thank You for that reminder!The Haiti money went to the Clintons and their thieving friends! Or was it for US security???
.@marcorubio Thank you Senator Rubio for your leadership in defense of effective #foreignassistance!
We shouldn't send ANY money to people who HATE us!!!
let's also not forget, for those who would like to decrease immigration (legal or illegal) foreign aid keeps people at home
It's more than 1% because our budget is GROSSLY more than we HAVE.
the $25 billion + we give out each year in foreign aid each year needs to be eliminated, not cut.
@KirstenPowers We do not have to pass a single foreign aid bill dolling out money to all.  Do it on a country to country basis.
You mean they won't be our friends if we quit paying? I think the Romans had the same situation.
I like what you tweet...I hope you put some action behind these tweets.
Take It away from Israel.
WRONG> It is charity and trying to buy favor and then they spit on us.
need to help more in central America so they don't have to flee!
how about we quit giving it to people that hate us
impeach your daddy Drumpf.  Do not be a light weight little Marco
That's the problem, no money the US government spends is "well spent"! Not one dime!! @POTUS We want to see all budgets cut!
I just read an article that said drugs purchased for malaria aid are being sold on the black market.
Actually, in many cases that is exactly what it is. 1% of the budget is an enormous amount of money. You sound like a Democrat
Foreign aid is money we borrowed.  We cannot afford the level our government is at anymore.  Cut the feds in half
We need to tighten our belt. What about our people? Many are homeless not the fault of their own.
as a FL voter, sorry bud. The time has come for us to keep American taxpayer dollars home. Figure out better ways to help abroad
Think of it like this, if I know you helped me would I still want to do things against you?
you're known by your actions not your words standup to your party don't be 1 of Pavlov's dogs for the GOP or was DT right
the foreign side to these countries do not go to the starving people.
agreed !
and countries which contract help from American businesses to drill/mine natural resources? Dodd Frank transparency, your vote?
AMEN to that brother!
I'm all for getting rid of foreign aide. What's 1% of 3.5 Trillion? A lot
so is the national endowment of the arts.
Thank you for saying this!  yes it is true!
i disagree. A lot is charity. We need to stop fundind Countries who hate us. A FLORIDA VOTER
sorry Marco when you give it away it's Charity
what is our annual budget?
Can we the people see an accurate cash flow stmnt?
You need to support our President. You wreak of smallness unfitting of a Conservative Republican.
The Waste, Fraud and Abuse should also be looked at on a regular basis. Our government is so wasteful!!
it's still one heck of a lot of money. My mom used to always say you can't buy friends!
now you are sounding presidential.
100% agree with you and thank you for standing up for Foreign Aid. It is critical to our national security. @USGLC
@POTUS  all that aid would benefit our own veteran's and low income.. we should concentrate
1% of trillions is still a lot of money. With today's technology, more can be done efficiently with less money. A new paradigm.
but care for Americans costs too much,right?
why don't you do something about it instead of just tweeting about it?
with our national debt, at what point do countries start sending us aid, since we seem to be everyones savior.
I do hope you will fight for funding for USAID, Peace Corps and our Foreign Aid which is an investment in peace & development
Read about your office, how about Mar a Lago for a new location?
i'm sure you guys can fuck it up like everything else you're doing
liberals crying need to buy tissue and suck it up. USA first, make it happen
don't disappoint me man, don't vote to cut state. I know there are DoS staffers working as fellows on your staff
@moiskd Americans spend over $52 billion on pet food, supplies and vet care. Surely foreign aid for ppl isn't a burden.
the people themselves donate $ to any cause overseas they want(Haiti).Taxpayers $ #SocialSecurity #Medicaid #debt stays in #USA
little Marco is gonna do what he can to undermine Trump. It's what his masters want! #LittleMarco #Globalistsout#Brexit
We spend 100 billion plus on Illegals from Mexico, Trade deficit is 50 Billion. Tell me how aid to Mexico affects nat'l sec ?
Marco! Quit being a scared yes MAN to DT & don't let him screw up. He's crazy & delusional. Get a mental health Dr on staff!
how about paying down some of our debt with that money.
yeah! Thank you! I've seen firsthand the diff it makes. @WorldVision
Every $ spent should be evaluated in light of all the things not being funded. Fund foreign aid only if it is THE most critical.
@ungubunugu1274 Marco...resign...be clear...we don't want you anymore. We will get you boots out of more than just a building.
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump
Of course you pay foreign aid not because you have a good heart . You pay to keep conflict away from USA !! .. Nato anyone ??
@blackrepublican No balanced budget...so less than 1% means nothing! Nice try tho...it IS charity!
should take all the foreign aid and set up healthcare spending accounts for all citizens.Would be much better spent that way.
We could alleviate so much suffering and build so much good will with judicious foreign aid.
If you watch your PENNIES, your DOLLARS will take care of themselves.
WE need to give some foreign aid to Mexico. Approximately what the wall  costs.
What is it then? Bribes? Graft?
this is true. We need to keep foreign aid in the budget.
Sorry to agree to disagree. DOD budget and giving my brothers larger budget is needed after 8 yrs of obama. SGT MJR (ret) USMC
even if it was a charity, it'd  be worthy America is more than an economic force. - at least the America I grew up believing in.
Global health programs! $8.6B when we can't take care of our poor, our vets & our seniors! Stop policeman & accountant of world!
Nearly ALL that receive $$$ vote against us in the UN!
We pay the majority of the $$$ too have them stab us at every turn.
I rarely agree w/ you on policy, but I'm with you 100% here. Of course, i also think helping is just the right thing to do.
Cuban aid?  Never mind #uncleTomas
It's not that much but how many of those other countries have universal health care that we help pay for while our citizens die?
Get on board, Rubio!!
We agree!  Foreign aid not only helps those abroad but helps develop our markets.  Win/Win.
Great floor speech, Marco. Demonstrates thoughtful thinking beyond where most Senators will go, an admirable trait that is rare!
I'm sorry sir I must disagree. Our money and effort should be focused on us for now. I'm not saying forever
Why is Saudi Arabia not on the banned list? Suspicious!
Ugh!  Military Keynesianism.  Poor way to stimulate the economy.  We need more military spending like a hole in the head.
What then is Foreign Aid if not charity? Bribe, Incentive etc.
Yes! We're the greatest and most prosperous nation and we can do things at home and abroad at the same time. #dogood
what is it  if it's not charity ?
Always shocking when you say the right thing. Now, stand up to Trump. Investigate Russia and finances. Invoke emoluments clause
Yes it is.
Abd it helps to keep Americans safer.
.@marcorubio Mr. Rubio this is the second time in a week I have    agreed with you. Have you been dumping your kool-aid on the potted palm?
No its not. Its payoffs that end up in Swiss bank accounts.
thank you. Also, the aide going to Africa pales in compare to the $ and resources being taken out.
.@marcorubio @MJGerson Neither are food stamps, children's healthcare, ACA, Medicaid, Medicare or social security.
The first thing you have said in a long time that I actually agree with.  An isolationist attitude is a global Econ is bad.
Sweden cut its foreign aid by the amount spent on immigrant services. If the $ were spent abroad, maybe fewer issues at home.
no foreign aid to terrorists how stupid . I don't wanna hear we can't afford this or that . It's our money
foreign aid is exactly that- charity. Charity is done out of kindness, not a fear of damaging national security. Wake up!
in a big eastern country,they betrayed their country,throwing money around,China ,a very interesting country !
Bannon has a plan & it does not include national security of our homeland or citizens. What are you doing about Trump & Bannon?

where are you? Your constituents want you to stop hiding and come talk to us.
i can't believe I ever liked you. Fake conservative. We are broke. Pay off our debt. Then maybe some foreign aid would be ok
Here's neocon twink pool boy Little @marcorubio and neocon power bottom @Evan_McMullin at #PrideSF last year. Israel first, America last.
You have to make the cuts so you will be proven right when we have trouble. Trump supporters are not going to believe till then
Was $5 billion of Foreign Aid to Ukraine spent well if it resulted the armed coup of 2014? How many Ukrainians have perished?
get rid of Trump  by fighting  him or u will no longer  be in office
What should America's role be in the development of impoverished countries, especially in areas volatile because of poverty?
America can't be great with just guns.  Foreign aid wins hearts.....creates jobs.  Unemployment #1 terrorist recruitment ground
Please realize that there are MANY intelligent citizens who know that and know military power doesn't equal peace! 10% ? NO!
From MI here--Thank you for saying something sane--now stop the sugar cane industry from running the Everglades.
Still waiting for you to stand up to Trump and fight, instead of just tweeting about it.
then why do you keep blindly voting FOR everything trump and the gop put in front of you. For gods sake stand up grow a set
Marco Rubio shut up !
This is why he was elected and you weren't. There are frivolous foreign ajd programs coming at expense of American taxpayer.
I will vote for you again when you run for President,  but I disagree with you on this
Something we can agree on.
why are payoffs critical to our national security. We have one of the highest defense budgets, why foreign aid?
how many millions or billions is 1%. If it's insignificant, send it to me. I could use it.  Please get 100% onboard with Trump.
you're such a cry baby RINO.
Pls Stop supporting goverm.  in Africa that use NGO's money to bail them out from USAID, Pepfar CDC when fiscus has been looted
well, if it's such a small amount, you pay for it.
No, it's not critical to anything. Stop menacing the populace with imaginary hobgoblins.
Make sure the president understands that.
that's still a lot of money ...
We aren't responsible for the world. Every country must contribute their fair share
like you know, it is a tax on poor ppl in USA, so you and cronies can bought off #AlwaysLittleBrainMarco
yeah, it really is. You and your cohorts have failed at oversight. Judging by attendance at work you haven't done a whole lot.
To decimate the State Dept. is not only absurd but dangerous for U.S. security.  Vote to continue the funds.
It is in our best interest to financially help our allies who fight the same enemy we do
stop going against our President!! Pick on the Dems!! Which side are you on?
I think he showed that by being in the Gang of Eight. @marcorubio
Sorry. You used to be our guy… No you're a footnote of history. In your mirror you still see a president staring back. Nope
Depends on where the aid is going
.@marcorubio fully agree with you. My article for @WPReview on the worrying Western downward spiral in #ForeignAid:
Americans can afford to spend some money on our land...get with it Rubio!
Don't trust U. U voted 4DeVos.U R ignoring your voters. Your job is til represent FL, not POTUS
thanks for saying this, Senator
Hold him to it, Mr Rubio.
no shit Sherlock
get rid of it!
u r right post,write,advise to have this information told to more USApeople.
sometimes you sound like a statesman, but then you hide from holding town hall meetings in your district...
so is working with Muslims asshat #Security of our soldiers #Investigate Ryan's death #resist #remember your constituents
Marco, you need to grow some balls.
gotta give credit where credit is due. A republican is actually right about something
no we have to take care of America first, if there is any left then we give!
Senator there is MUCH WASTE of our Tax Dollars with FA.. We can put more $ in USA and be better for it
you think Egypt is doing great with all the billions you have them?
1% here, 1% there, it adds up.
