you have done your constituency a deserve by not being at a town hall this week.
so when are you coming back? Can we schedule it after your trip?
can't handle meeting with constituents?
dirtbag
glad you could go to Europe rather than talk to constituents. When was ur last Town Hall?
This trip's timing allows you to further avoid your constituents. Pls make your visit productive.
Who cares?
How brave!!! According to Trump and his groupies those countries are horribly dangerous!!!
How about staying in Florida to discuss your environmental policies?
When are you going to have a town hall meeting Senator?  People want answers about your cabinet votes.
@Benito35ddDavis @SenRubioPress @marcorubio He's too scared.
should not be avoiding his constituents in Orlando and leaving the nation. Marco #weNeedToTalk. @ActualEPAFacts
Why? Why not talk to your constituents and DO YOUR JOB?
HAVE A TOWN HALL, LITTLE MARCO!
should stay home and meet with his constituents. Avoiding.
Does that mean every constituent of every member of the Congressional delegation is whining about it?
so you're going to talk tough on Russia to other countries but come back to DC and ignore 45th's treason with Russia
He's traveling because it's free. LITTLE MARCO IS A SCAMMER. Pd 100k to vote for DeVos.
We stood outside your office for weeks asking to speak w you. I never saw Europe there.
#Indivisible
how convenient how about yo answer to his constituents
Great - when will you hold a town hall with your constituents? No one in France or Germany votes for you
is running scared from his constituents! MIA along w/his morales & backbone!
you're a sellout, she gave you money & you made her head of education, you know she isn't qualified
Stay here and do nothing...It is cheaper for us.
I am in Europe. Maybe you could do a Town Hall here. @SenRubioPress @marcorubio
cobarde
- Get home and pass tax cuts and repeal Obamacare.  Worthless politician!
Come back to FL and speak with us! I've read the Russia leaks came from NATO allies intel, check this!
PAC took $1 Million from Ukrainian businessman linked to oil co in #TrumpRussia dos
better make stopover in Sweden
no town halls?
#resist Putting the focus where it's important? Unfortunately it's not on Floridians. Your next election cycle is coming!
@MarlaMHughes @marcorubio Doing damage control re 45's foreign policy?
Pretty much. Reassuring allies more likely, but that's damage control, too. @SenRubioPress @marcorubio
Too  to meet w. constituents or just worked too hard the past 6 weeks??
the investigation should be accelerated.
Would love to see you in Florida--maybe even north Florida. Investigate Trump's ties to Russia. Treason---BAD!
Thank you and stay safe.
Grateful that the Smart & Articulate #SenRubio will assure Europe that we do still have some GrownUps in WashDC!
Godspeed, Senator Rubio!
Say hi from the Trump team to Putin when you are over in that area! Is your trip news or fake news?
sanity overseas. #ForeignPolicyMatters keep doing great things senator. Please B thorough N the SIC investigation
Thank you God for putting Marco where he is needed most! We trust you Lord ask to keep Marco safe in your care#MR
He is needed most in Florida....
Are other Senators joining @marcorubio for this important trip?
Thank you and be careful! I look forward to updates!
A great representative for us. #Appreciated
Is this just a free vacation?why would they listen 2U? U don't care that Russia interfered in US election. #weak
This is too ridiculous to even reply to. #ignorant
awesome new header photo on your account!
Way to show up in your home state. We would like to speak with our Senator. #WheresRubio
when r u gonna travel to fla and have a #townhall we're still waiting
I wouldn't hold you hand in you butt
Ok my dude. But what about the Russian interference in OUR elections?
He's on the special committee looking into it. Should he be calling Putin--- or what do you want? 
Kindly support our Pres and USA while abroad.  Thank you.
You would rather flee to another country than ensure listening to your constituents
Stop whining.Do you think every constituent of each Congressman in the delegation is complaining?  
Constituents @riseupflorida @IndivisibleMIA @MoveFwdSFL @IndivisibleFll  req townhall. When will he speak to us?
although I'm not happy about you ignoring us in FL pleased it seems you MIGHT be doing something in our interests
Awesome! He will keep our diplomatic relations on point. He needs to have a town hall meeting upon his return.
