la campaña, aquí nuestro alcalde y iglesia mormona para unos proyectos de ayuda a ka población indígena , los niños se están

Treatment doesn't matter if families can no longer afford insurance. You say yes to #AHCA and pre-existing clause will affect them 4 life
But now you are considering a bill that will take health care away from millions of needy children.  Hypocrite.  #bettercaremyass
Marco @DrMarcSiegel covered DCVax 3 years ago called cure now #wallstreet trying to BK @NorthwestBio prior results
Marco if serious #pediatric cancer help @NorthwestBio get expedited review of DCVAXL #glioblastoma trial reads 7/17
How does taking away health insurance and Medicaid from children with cancer help children with cancer?  Please explain.  Thanks.
Apparently you haven't read about the Trump foundation withdrawing care from those children?
now THATS a lot of nerve you got there lil marco @stjudes
What about trump diverting from pediatric cancer patient to pad his own pocket!!!
I think we can all agree the look on the parents face when they realize they have to sell their house for treatments will be devastating.
muriendo
senador marcos rubio como hacemos para contactarlo a  usted, aquí desde Bucaramanga colombia, yo soy fiel seguidor suyo desde
.@marcorubio do you realize those children have a pre existing condition that you don't believe should be covered?
#Florida is first in new cancer diagnosis.  @myescambia county is in the top 40 counties for childhood cancer. LEAD the budget .not follow!

You know what won't help people with pediatric cancer? The #AHCA
estamos trabajando con el representante Ciro ramirez de centro democratico
Except the Trumps who steal money intended for pediatric cancer patients, right, Marco?
The Answer is in Hollistic Medicine, not Big Pharma!  God Gave Us the Answers and they are here in the Earth, not man made!
Based on the replies to this, apparently not. Trolls just use any tweet to tee off on you and the president.
look at what Hillary did for this.   Im fully aware of how important this is my son had cancer at the age of 4.
Without healthcare, there is no treatment.
So you're saying we shouldn't make sure they work before trying them on children? Logic.
How will you vote on the Senate Healthcare travesty? Show us that you care about children and your Constituents.
We can also agree that the ACA would have nightmarish consequences for these same kids and their families, making you a giant hypocrite.
Maybe there would be more money if the trumps did not funnel charity dollars to.their private corporation!!
But you want to take away insurance from millions of children.Wish I had a Bible verse to discuss how ungiving and uncaring you really are.
Marco Rubio Got $1 Million in 2016 for his Super PAC-From Pro-Putin Ukrainian-Uncovered by @Funder #TrumpRussia
you can't seem to understand that Trumpcare undermines.Not diverting atten from #TrumpRussiaCoverUp or ur lack to choose #countryoverparty
So don't vote for a budget that has the intent of cutting cancer treatment for American children and medical research.
Your going down in history as a waste of time to this state / country, shame on u!
Not without Obama care!?????
Bible quotes only..
Yet your party is aggressively pursuing the removal of healthcare for millions. Explain yourself.
How about making sure the kids with cancer will have insurance to pay for treatment?
Well all these kids will have preexist. How's that going to work out with Trumpcare?
So yea, sure.  Only the wealthy will be able to afford it under Republicans. But that's one way to clear your food stamp rolls.
The fact that the ACHA wont cover those treatments is different thing altogether though, right?

Marco Rubio Got $1 Million in 2016 for his Super PAC-From Pro-Putin Ukrainian-Uncovered by @Funder #TrumpRussia
http://bipartisanreport.com/2017/06/05/marco-rubio-exposed-in-career-threatening-1-million-money-funnel-from-ukrainian-to-putin/ …
This explains a lot L'il Marco! #TrumpRussia
#CorruptGOP
IT TAKES SCIENCE!
So party over country???
Are you the same man who wanted blocked relations with Cuba???
WTH if Russia was involved we dam better find out
No advances if it isn't funded. Rep. budget cuts research funds! Trump care will deny coverage! #TrumpBudget #Healthcare #TrumpCare
ISNT THIS  PRE EXISTING CONDITION? GOD IS WATCHING
St. Jude is the "FAMILY" place for children with cancer.
So why isn't your President wanting to fund research at NIH?
Too bad about GOP funding. Weapons are more important.
As the GOP votes to cut research funding.  I know too many Ph.D.s out of work.
Not if parents can't afford treatments.
The Bill hasn t reached Senate yet so how he will vot is anybodys guess
How about 6 people gunned down at their place of work? In your state. Is that something we can all agree is horrible?
Affordable health care for everyone with cancer is another or is it not Preacher Rubio
Clean air/water,middle class tax cuts, affordable healthcare for ALL, equality for ALL -are things we can agree on. Or not, obviously
Q sucede con las leyes d EEUU los narcotraficante sobrinos Silvia Flores,vuelven a posponer audiencia inaudito
Wow 1st scripture and now pediatric cancer. I hate to be cynical but r u hitting all the soft spots? We  know u have not had a town hall.
However, if you are not funding research and care for affected children, you are just a liar. Weak. Very weak.
How, when you blocked Millions of people from getting healthcare #riskcorridors
And yet you work to deny health coverage to the poor and elderly, you're a very dishonorable man, well by man I mean small lil fella
Stop be a hypocrite and stop trumpcare don't take millions of children off health care
Why are you Backing Trump Care that screws kids you speak with a forked tongue you like the con artist trump who you gaveThatNameCutBullS..T
Except no one can afford it if you implement AHCA. Support #ACA
Never Forget 

Rubio stayed SILENT when Trump:

  on Allies who DIED defending the US
 Attacked the City and Mayor of the #londonattack
Do not let a splintered approach let anyone forget EVERONE needs excellent healthcare!
Don't anyone let this real need be a distraction for the push for healthcare for all! Yes, we need this, but splinters
Please start impeachment and stop preaching.
You took $1,000,000 from who? The Ukraine? Why would you do that? Is that ethical? Is all @GOP involved in @realDonaldTrump / Russia?
Can't we all agree that #CountryOverParty is most important? Remove Kushner's access! Fire sessions! #ImpeachTrump
Really? How would folks be able to afford it? How?
Yes, but as w/ all areas of science, these advances are only poss thru years of edu & hard work by experts whose efforts you don't respect
then why does #Trump want to cut #NIH funding?
IF ONLY WE HAD AFFORDABLE INSURANCE FOR EVERYONE. THAT"S SOMETHING WE ALL NEED TO AGREE ON, NOT BOOTING PEOPLE OUT OF HEALTHCARE.
Por favor senador Rubio no dejen entrar a Hermann Escarra corrupto es malo y ladron
Except your president wants to cut $ for medical research
Repeal Obama care and pass the darn budget. Get to work.
Providing their parents can afford healthcare coverage
As a Floridian, I'm asking, when are you going to start standing up for American people and put country first?  Be a man,  be presidential!
So maybe speak out against Trump budget cutting medical research funds?
GOD BLESS YU Marco #1
If you can afford it . Sad GOP policies not good for America , well except for the rich
Probably not covered under TrumpCare!!!!
It will it be covered when you repeal and replace? 
See? It's not so tough to post useful information, is it?
Healthcare for all is something we can agree on.
Laudable but largely meaningless if you strip away coverage and leave kids without access to primary care.
Ensuring  that the advances in medicine are available to ALL AMERICANS regardless of income is something we, but not the GOP, can agree on.
You must defend this country go to Senate and impeach you can change history please for the good of all save US.

https://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/10/us/politics/marco-rubio-obamacare-affordable-care-act.html …
@marcorubio is a liar. They could care less what happens to those who need Obamacare. He's a snake. #RUBIOLIES
Cutting Medicaid for children of the working poor is no way to accomplish that
I don't agree with you on much, but I'm definitely with you on this.
I find your choice to post this disgusting when YOU are for removing the ACA from your constituents. You are a duplicitous, shameful, liar.
Unfortunately only the rich will be able to afford treatment if GOP gets their way. changed my party just to vote against GOP incumbents
Really? Have you checked with trump on that. Who gets to choose what diseases get money.  Should we take a vote? leave it up to dumb voters?
Except these kids would have preexisting conditions under AHCA, dooming them to vastly higher rates if they can even get health insurance.
Republican scum!
Whoa Marco. Tread lightly. You are the unfriendly waters of healthcare for the sick. Anti GOP stance. #careful
Except coverage for it. Right Little Marco?
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.As a Christian,do the right thing
Meanwhile your party seeks to take away this from some of your constituents! 
I am all for loosening laws on research/testing for the cancer drugs. I don't want the gov't funding the research.
Unless it's a pre existing condition!
I'll bet you $100 Marco that if you put this up for a vote you won't get a unanimous 'yes' on the Senate floor.  Take the bet?
And why do you vote with the other lemmings (R) to cut Medicaid to our children? Grow a spine!
@marcorubio plz help me get @SenTedCruz @tedcruz @JohnCornyn to sign on!
Trump is cutting medical research... maybe you should speak up about this? Oh yea,h pre-existing conditions...
Marco yes you are so right on both fronts. Childrens cancer treatment & something we can all agree.
No, it's not. You cut funding to science, you make cancer a preexisting condition. You vote with the GOP, you're horrible just like them.
Right.  But women's reproductive health still alludes you. How can that be?
Thanks for awareness but as you know, POTUS' AHCA the treatment of pediatric cancer would be unaffordable to 99% of Americans
If you like science for this, maybe you should like science when it comes to the environment too! #themoreyouknow
I don't think he knows what that means
They will need somewhere to live like the earth  please!
After you beat cancer it's a pre existing condition for life. 
What's little Marcos healthcare plan?
Why is your party's President's proposed budget cutting funding to the National Cancer Institute by $1 BILLION?
But only for the rich ones, right Marco? You .@GOP liars are pulling the rug out on healthcare for the poor and working poor. Save ACA!
How does that work with #TrumpCare if Medicaid cuts harm millions of children, not to mention adults? Stop deflecting,  please talk basics
Then why are you taking the funds out of healthcare and giving it to the rich WTF do the right thing save the ACA
You want to change health care remember this might not be cover. Come and see the look on their face when you tell them that I can not help
I always wondered why St.Jude is so big in spanish TV ,almost nothing on english tv commercials,spanish empathetic
Agreed but your derelict prez wants to cut funding to the point there will be no more advances. Stand on the side of America and impeach him
What we want to hear from Rubio: Rubio's efforts in supporting POTUS on Travel-Ban issue! Not his campaign-prep talk for next election!!!
Advances afforded if you're a Republican or rich
They only care about the rich, if you are poor/middle class Republican they just laugh at you for thinking you are one of them.
Then why are you supporting cuts in medical research? Why cuts to science? Do you understand what the House Health (un)Care does to us?
Timid statesmanship, Marco.
with the @GOP budget/ healthcare only the rich will be able to take advantage of advanced treatments & you're their cheerleader.
The blood indicate all cancer, clean the blood, all will disapear.  There is power in the blood. Leviticus 17:11.
no child should suffer
Your pres. Could care less that takes money out of his pocket.  He didn't want to help his own nephew
WHAT WE WANT TO HEAR AT THIS MOMENT IS HOW RUBIO IS SUPPORTING POTUS IN HIS FIGHT TO KEEP AMERICA SAFE/NOT HIS NEXT CAMPAIGN AGENDA SPEECH!!
Too bad nobody will be able to benefit without insurance.
Sounds like the scientists are doing good work, now what the hell are you doing in the senate? Looks like NOTHING!
I would think @SpeakerRyan @SecPriceMD @tedcruz @replouiegohmert would not agree. They think healthcare and medical research not needed.
Thank you for always supporting and promoting children treatment. It's very hard to see suffering at young age.
Trump proposes to cut medical research...
Donnie Doll Hands wants to defund this. How do we pay for it with a trillion dollar tax cut, vanity wall, infrastructure tax cuts etc..?
spending wisely for now on
If it helps the poor then Paul Ryan will vote against it
So does ltlltre Marco 
