By "shared values" do you mean cowing to demagoguery, and taking away health care from people? Those seem to be your main focuses, Marco.
Yeah Socialism is working out real well there. Dems want Single Payer/ Socialized Medicine.
Yes, I do.
VA is pretty much Socialized Medicine & it absolutely sucks. You can have that crap.
Do you use VA as primary care physician or only for service related injuries? Unfortunately I think Congress over promised without thinking.
Ain't that a kick in the head congress (GOP) over promising (lying) & under delivering AHCA
Obamacare huge lie, VA deaths under previous administration. Use VA for mostly combat/service related
That was Congressionals fault!  Not enough funding given # soldiers seeking care from 2 recent wars. VA is old/antiquated system.
Trump is ‘an erratic con artist who can’t be trusted with nuclear codes and is wholly unprepared to be President’. Remember that? U said it.
And I look forward to voting for anyone BUT you in just a few short months!
Honey... We are stuck with Mr "no-show except to kiss Trump's ring or a photo op" Rubio for SIX YEARS!
Ugh, yes, I misspoke. So many ass hole officials to tweet, so little time. That's what I get for multitasking.
Omg... Me too! Been trying to comment on net neutrality for hours.. Help desk woman was RUDE! It's some new horror every day! Go Sally!
Yes! Good luck to you, keep up the good work! We'll eventually #LockThemUp for the sh*t they've pulled, it's only a matter of time.
French much smarter than American voters who elected Trump; they didn't buy into "hate & fear" Vive la France
we need our Nation strengthened first, bipartisan investigation on Trumps goons colluding! We must stop Trump!
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
So you fully support the guy @BarackObama backed against the woman @realDonaldTrump backed. Good to know.
Don't kid yourself Rubio is gearing up for 2020 POTUS position
Yes!
A real water carrier this one. Don't buy it @EmmanuelMacron he is among the biggest snake in the grass there is and should be voted out.
B. I. N. G. O
Hypocrite

We should look forward to working for your constituents,  independant prosecuter on treasonous Trump needed now. Work for us, not the GOP
Damn dude, how much is the Rothschild family paying you?
That is if you're still in office. Any1 laundering Russian $ through SUPERPACS is gonna have some problems REAL SOON. Macron win is JUSTICE
You will have to impeach trump before any civilized country takes you seriously
You're a true statesman!
Shouldnt you first work with @POTUS and stop him from ruining this country. Who in sane mind removes nutritional rules for kids cafeteria?
Now Sen. Rubio how about working with your constituents. We want a special prosecutor to investigate Trump's ties to Russia
As a Republican I'm asking you to call for an independent investigation into Russia's interference in 2016 election. Remember Watergate
Glad to hear! We must strengthen our relationship with our countries all over the world! Is vital!

This is what they call Islamization and it happens all over the Western world. This is France for example. 
Your efforts would go further if you investigate trump's involvement with Russia.
Floridians would be happy if you worked with them.Looking for a presidential run? Hope your lack of interest in us will bite you in the butt
doubt he's going to be call you to shoot the breeze. But go ahead and sit by your phone and wait. Maybe you can talk to your constituents?
I am a Floridian and have been calling most every day. We WANT and NEED town hall meetings @marcorubio but he is not interested.
Sure you do. He's a lefty just like you. You're no Republican.
#treason in our White House. Will U #BeAPatriotStandUp2theParty?  #IndependentInvestigation?  #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns  #taxReturns
CREES QUE PODRAS ?
Mr Rubio please support and independent prosecutor in the Russia matter. It is clear that it is appropriate.  Please STOP Trump!
I know many people have a hard time recognizing it when they see it, but this is called class.
Like the guy that hollers and hits puppies but holds them and smiles when the camera rolls.
???
France has Universal Healthcare and prosecutes fake news. We all look forward to them sharing their vslues with you, too.
Oh please... You don't work, and you don't have American values.. You might be looking forward to a road trip... But not working.
#TrumpLies and get Trump to #releaseyourtaxes
It would great if you did your job
He's not like you and Trump. I don't think you have much in common. Not only with France but Germany and most of Europe.
I hope he can teach you something about climate change!
Thankyu
Yu r a compassionate man Marco.
God bless Marco #1
Time for Trump & Congress to reimpose tough sanctions on Cuba. Cuba used to stage soldiers supplies & equipment to support Maduro's coup
And why would @EmmanuelMacron work with an inconsequential Senator like you? Really?
will France want to work with US? Considering we elected Putin's puppet
Macron will work 2 make France more like the U.S. than the U.S. is doing. Which means nothing in common.
Oh and ignore the haters they didn't and never will vote for you.
Glad to see diplomacy.  Mr. Rubio you are a common sense leader.  Thank you!
I wished #GOP conservatives would have had same courage as French right who didn't normalize and supported Le Pen like R's normalized Trump
Too little too late .....
the guy u now cater to made u the #LittleMarco you'll be remembered as when ur no longer a Senator.
try to save face vote NO on #Trumpcare
Your values are in your voting record, not Twitter feed. Few are shared with those who believe in progress.
and what shared values might those be....
You mean #Francestan?
Thanks for the education on our relation with them, you know the american public needs to be educated... what to do?Educational commercials?
Remember when Republicans invented the term "freedom fries"?
Which shared values?
@SOS911Venezuela  terrible things happening tonight in Ve.  People being rounded up from their homes tonight & jailed    USA must intervene
Your a Globalist Rubio, your true colors have been reviled moment you knew you were losing. Come from the dark side Rubio & join rebelion
Gotta tell ya... The typo "reviled" ACTUALLY WORKS BETTER than "revealed" would have! Marco Rubio's values reviled! Love it! #NoRubio
Open boarders...a sure death, Marco
He's a Globalist and an Enemy of Freedom!!
Shared values is code
You really are just another establishment, globalist tool, aren't you little Marco?!
Yes.  Every once in awhile I have to agree with you.  Now please save our healthcare.  I'm a Florida voter.
Whatever, you support the American Nazis & gave Tillerson a pass. #weak
Why hello uncompromised Republican.  I'm glad at least a few of you are left.
No no no no... Not uncompromized at all... Even 45 sent a congrats and he didn't mean it either. This one just wants another run at the WH.
You are a #coward and are helping a crook and a traitor. Stand up for your country before you talk about other countries.
Plus, the comments on this thread show how enlightening a town hall would be. The radical left have basically given up on civil discourse.
More bullshit from a poor bullshitter.
Better hurry. You'll be voted out soon.
How about working with your constituents. Have a town hall meeting. Lately you only care about foreign countries.
Epa hijo de puta q paso con lo de  Leopoldo estaba muerto malparido perro no seas tan sucio rata
Dijiste q lo tenías confirmado no cabron???!!!! Pudrete maldito!!!
Good thing they dodged a Russian assisted white nationalist candidate. Unlike USA. That guy you love and support.
I think Little @marcorubio is trying with the rest of Trump's team to deflect from real news #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump #resistance
@hugva3 @EmmanuelMacron Have you seen France why don't you do something to remove Muslims and fix that place
Or lose your senate seat ! You didn't deserve it anyway !
Would sell us out to be a progressive nation ??? Look at Venezuela they are suffering that's Globalism ! You should re-think what your doing
Yes it is expensive when you are on vacation
But live there is like  for us  here..heree we are working but we can spent one wk in rest.ho.
Your own lining of your pockets ! What happened to being Patriotic and a Free Sovereign Nation you have parents who came here for that ! You
What shared Values your Globalism view because you took Soros $$ and sold out to Globalism all for $$ right ? You would sell America out for
ThAt is ok Marco..if they are American close 
Ally witch is true..why trump was supporting 
Marine le pen? She went to Russia 3 weeks ago .

I was threatened, harassed and forced to delete recordings and photos of The Kushner family recruiting Chinese investors in US Green cards. https://twitter.com/emilyrauhala/status/860821133796417536 …
Hey Liddle Marco! Where have you been?
But what is your position of 'working with' him all about?
Very gracious Senator. Well done. BTW, could you hold a #TownHall for your constituents? Please and Thank You!
Ahhhh... Trying Honey instead of vinegar.... It won't work either.. He's just biding his time until 2020..so he can try again..
@marcorubio, I believe Macron has more scruples than to work with a #TrumpMouthpiece who's afraid of his constituents. Meet with us or adios
Sellout! Just move in with Castro!
Epa "Senador" póngase las pilas una cosa es q tu quieras intervenir en los asuntos d Vzla y otra Es ser estupido y bien pendejo
That is NOT your job!!!! Your job is to take care of your constituents!!!! State department and others build relationships with countries!
He says we are paid protesters... He REFUSES TO MEET WITH US BUT OFFERS TO GO TO FRANCE.....
Please make sure you work 4 US interest on healthcare. Then u can graduate to bigger & better. 33134
So Russians money huh ? How much did you take again ? It was quite alot and is now being thoroughly  investigated. We shall know soon enough
Where were you before the election?  Did you speak out against LePen- Russia alliance? Ramped up RU propaganda just like what happened here?
Too bad you aren't fighting for American values in our own country.
Any way the winds blows Marco.
Shared values?!?! You are kidding right?
Senator Rubio, it would be great if you worked for the poorest in America to make our country better. Sincerely, an American.
Time for a townhall...?
He vote yes on trump Care  .that said  all abouth  his moral  and honor
Stay away from him, Marco.
start with healthcare and immigration.
He doesn't  need you?? He can win alone.
You will be talking  the same to le pen in the case that she was the winning  one..read Miami Heral
Based on the way they voted they shared our 2012 values. I'm not sure what they're going to do with whatever you call what's going on now.
you don't share the same values and you personally won't be working with him so don't get too excited little Marco
Get Trump out of the way
Trump will go to war with France first
maybe he can help us take down maduro and castro
Marco. U have nothing in common with a 39yr old man whos married to his mother. Just sayin.
you speak for Florida and no else so sit down and shut up
The World is going to fight for Democracy & Freedom. We've lost ours, you won't help. We are a 3rd world authoritarian country. We all know.
@POTUS @JACM0313 @realDonaldTrump Great win, cannot have 2 #nitwittrump style management 
In this world!
##INEPTPOTUS #SHOWUSYOURTAXES
You stood for corruption. You have no conscience. The world sees it too. Austria, Holland, France voted for Freedom. Do something for U.S.?
Sorry, Senator, he doesn't have our values. He's a Socialist!
The world saw our pain & they deny Trump & GOP collaborators. You could have ended our suffering. You did nothing! I hope you go to trial.
Did you ask Putin, Koch and Mercer for permission?
You still voted for Putin allies trump and Tillerson everytime you support trump you support Putin
lol at that "shared values" note there, baby Marco ... France takes care of ALL its citizens much more so than we do. #nicetry
Hey @marcorubio  why not make this a #MarcoMoments and talk with your voters
Good deal! I hope you work across the aisle to fix the House healthcare bill too.
Rubio is a disgrace to the people that voted for him .
If this is true, why are you letting tRump do as he pleases?
Please keep your toxic #TrumpRussiaCollusion clan away from France!
markets set to rise???
If you're not 1 of many fellow GOP going to Trump Tower Gitmo.  If not, you should for normalizing DT.
Maybe you can find some time to hold a town hall in between all that French socializing, perhaps?  Or are you afraid?
France was smart.  Not so the American voters.
Also smarter than America! At least they have a president, we have a cheeto!
Rub said wut? There's got to be something in the water.
Thanks but a prerequisite of shared values means that you'll have to grow a spine first.
Wait... You supported Trump/Russua
if this is true REJECT Anti American Trump!
Conrarulations to @EmmanuelMacron. I know you will work well together.
How about the value of meeting with your constituents Sir? You can learn about class from France.
Your comments every day only shows you want to be #46. Won't happen.
Do not allow #trumpcare to kill our country! 
Sincerely, 
Your Constituent
What shared values?
France doesn't give a shit about you, Marco.
All while YOU continue to prop up Trump and his Russian-backed white nationalism.  You might want to look at the 'work' you're doing
@MelissaJPeltier @EmmanuelMacron why don't you start by getting rid of the neo fascists in your party
Learn from him Rubio! Know that following path of corruption will get you nowhere. Stand up against corrupt Trump! Stand up for the people
He's not going to even be talking to you. So where do you get off? Go meet with your angry constituents.
Not sure Macron has anything in common with someone who supports Putin's crony.
You don't share any values. You support and prop up everything the French so wisely defeated in Le Pen. But nice msg!
Dude you sold is out to trump just for party..i am from fla and am going to work hard for your opponent...you POC SENATOR
Me too! He flip flopped to steal that seat in the first place with GOP/Russian $! But hell get the pension and good insurance. Traitor
how are you going to be able to work with Macron when the far-right GOP doesn't have any shared values with him?
May one day the United States accept honest and decent Europeans as refugees. The EU has declared war on us.
Marco we all know you are devastated. This certainly throws a wrench in your plan for tiny man world domination.
So then why did you confirm Tillerson?
About time we heard from Rubio. He's been oddly silent.
Lol insert Le Pen into this tweet and it would make no difference to you.
Rubio ? shared values with Macron ? you jest. He is a real leader, and high integrity- thats just not you- sorry...
Maybe you should start with doing your own job in our best interests instead of kissing the ass of Trump.
@20committee @EmmanuelMacron makes a change to see Rubio on the side of good. It won't last.
No wonder Trump kicked your ass Marko!! Lol
France conservatives got behind him instead of the fascist and put country over party. Instead u gave us this mess. What values?
Little pandering Pay to Play Marco.  We see through your facade.
How about working FOR the American people and put country first! Time to focus on 45* and his Emoluments clause violations. Do your job!
Start by standing up to your own party Marco!
I'm sorry who is this? Because I only know of Little Marco, he hangs with Lyin' Ted  whose,fun fact now, father assassinated JFK.
Rubio, O Rubio, wherefore art thou, Rubio? In France!!??
That's why you supported the White Nationalist @POTUS  that endorsed LePen. #SociopathTrump #TrumpWhiteNationalistParty
Why,he's what we need in America,no party affiliate,that's y America is no longer the leader.
Like universal health care?
Shut up Lil Marco your a Trump enabler as well. Loser with a capitol L
Rubio, just another rat swimming away from trump's sinking ship... Trying to jump onto safe shores of France...
Rubio is a traitor to his constituents, his country and our allies... France isn't falling for your fake offer of friendship.
Close ally, really!? Trump promoted le pen and his supporters led online propaganda campaigns and unleashed bots against Macron.
Ask him about Russians. # impeach
@marcorubio  and we will be glad when @realDonaldTrump is impeached and your voted out of office. you have helped make us a laughingstock ..
With France now able to investigate the election hacking hopefully our government will find it more difficult to cover-up trump + putin ties
Why in gods name would call you!!!!!

Man up
For another 18 months or so...
We want Le pen lil guy
the people of France are not idiots, Marco. They know you've thrown in with traitors and thieves. You'll never wash that stain out.
Fix ACA
congratulations!
Pres. Macron, congrats and ignore this Lil guy Marco. He's a pretender not a defender. Only likes Big Sugar Daddies. SAD.
