@USTreasury Is it licit that @GoldmanSachs bought bonds from a country declared Threat to Ntnl Security by USA Govmnt? Not ethic for sure.
Our heroes , cruel dictator must go out , VENEZUELA SOS
so wtf r u doing about it...
How many nationalizations does it take for @GoldmanSachs to see risk?
How is this even legal?
Why do you care now? You agreed with your @GOP president installing Goldman Sachs people in his admin left and right.
Learn how to speak better English.
Lol. I tend to agree.
Marco is a poster boy for Soros NWO Democrats! No russia Collusion! Seth Rich and 4 other mysterious deaths related to DNC/Clintons! Silent
Just like Soros did in Macedonia! When will USA label Soros a terrorist? Shut down Soros over 120 social front groups of terror! @TGowdySC
They didn't give them Jack. They are there to take the assets
Senator how do we block it? This is an outrage!
Maybe u should have learned that yesterday...Marco.
Senator, @GoldmanSachs is funding IS, Hezbollah and Farc most importsnt allie in the region. Unlegal and there wont be a payback.
How can we accept this we Bailout Financial System so they can Bailout Dictators @marcorubio Doesn't Congrrst have the power to Revert that
Bnas. tarde , S . O . S . VENEZUELA, estan matando a nuestros hijos, 30 de Mayo
Is also @GoldmanSachs funding IS, Hezbollah and farc cartel? @fbi @WSJ @washingtonpost
Oh you mean the current White House cabinet? Lol!
They(@GoldmanSachs) are part of the CFR. What did you expect?
#goldmanSachsFinanciaLaDictadura
Are you surprised?
Most likely at the request of Hillary
Interesting I think @realDonaldTrump @potus may be able to get you in contact with that side of the #swamp
Standing behind trump as He turns against his own country, and alys, in favor of fascists for personal financial gain, must be humiliating
Seems to be that @GoldmanSachs SUPPORT DICTATORSHIPS. CONGRATULATIONS @GoldmanSachs  you have just betrayed DEMOCRACY. VENEZUELA AGAINST YOU
since today the name that Venezuelans will recognize as Goldman Sachs will be GOLDMAN SUCKS  Shame on you traitors
Shame on Goldman Sachs. Unconscionable!
@marcorubio, Tanta sangre, tata protesta, para que @GoldmannSachs le de dinero al asesino DICTADOR de VZLA. !INHUMANO!!
Marco brother,¿it is supposed we fight againt Venezuela Abusing and Totalitarian Gov?? Why did we allow that inmoral transactions to happen?
What is wrong with these people. Our citizens are dying and they help murderers.
Worst, gave Maduro $860 million but Venezuelans have the obligation to pay $2.8 billon in 2022, beyond blood and hunger
Yet you let the cabinet be filled with their employees
This.

Goldman Sachs bond transaction w/Vzla's dictatorship is as bad as negotiating blood diamonds, shame on them, USA must stop this inmorality
@realDonaldTrump @MikePenceVP LatinAmerica disappointed again just like Obama yrs.Where r the sanctions? #Venezuela #GoldmanSachs4Dictator
Why is CITGO still in business?  Do you buy gas at CITGO?  Every American who buys gas at CITGO is supporting Maduro and his regime!!
Why did you, Congress, allow this?  Why is Venezuela under sanctions so no US company can do business there while that regime is in power?
Senator Rubio THESE TYPES OF DEALS ARE NOT GOOD FOR THE US. Help Goldman Sachs understand. THIS WILL HURT US INVESTORS and US credibility.
Goldman Sachs the world has changed and you will not be able to hide from doing business with drug dealing governments. IT WILL NOT GO AWAY
By the way the death toll and crimes against unarmed civilians keeps rising. Your business partners are going to make you look VERY BAD SOON
Goldman Sachs sit down with Senator Rubio. He will explain exactly WHO you're doing business with. You are helping CRIMINALS take advise now
Maduro and his gang of drug dealing and money laundering thieves will be known for doing business with Goldman Sachs. YOU WILL REGRET IT
Know this: When Maduró's dictatorship is over Goldman Sachs is going to be known for being one of the companies involved with  them SHAME!
As well the US gov buys oil from Maduro regime...
Ghoul-man Sachs

#Venezuelan state-owned oil company, heavily indebted 2 the Russian oil giant Rosneft, made  $500,000 donation 2 Donald Trump’s inauguration
Venezuela is Here's dream concept for the US
What's your take? Did they leave you out? Are you upset? Tell us how you feel Mr Congressman
Why does US allow this?
Pathetic. @GoldmanSachs  have no morals, no ethic, can they be sanctioned for supporting a narco regime? They now have blood in their hands
Rubio, did you say anything about GoldmanSachs in this administration?! I fought for you during the campaign. It was a mistake. Now, I see
disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!!
So, Marco, how did you vote on Munchin's appointment?
We buy oil from Ven every single day. What's the difference? U are a Senator. Propose an embargo instead of depending on corporations.
Donde están las leyes contra el financiamiento del terrorismo y corrupción? En miami le lavan los $$ en la narices y no hacen nada
Incorrect. Only 880K to Venezuela and 2900 for Goldman Sacks. These bankers are the worst of the worst.
Certently, it has shown lack of integrity by Companys, is time of evolution not go back to practices that were got over in last century.
How many GS execs did you help put in the cabinet? ALL OF THEM TRUMPCHURIAN! ALL OF THEM!
Trump's cabinet. I'm sure they have given you millions too along with DeVos
THANK YOU for calling out @GoldmanSachs for siding with the OPPRESOR
http://www.goldmansachs.com/who-we-are/leadership/board-of-directors/ … 
@GSCareers @Goldman_SachsPR @GoldmanSachsBRK
Wow and draining swamp means hire people from the top 1% to get richer off their agendas! Wrong!
Wow, where are its principles of democracy and free market ideology when dealing with V's leaders?
Is it any surprise coming from the kings of greed and immorality?
@danielduquenal at least one politician mentions the insanity. May they never collect a penny illegal transaction
These #GoldmanBloodBonds makes them complicit to Maduro's crimes. Shame on Goldman
It was actually $865M, but instead of interfering in private transactions, freeze Vzlan assets to make a real difference
Truly and this will be used to bribe new people to vote in the anticonstitutional constituent assembly..Venezuela is going from bad to worse
$$$$$$$$$$$$No MORALS!
Actually only $985 million. Saddled next Vzl gov with huge debt, Economic/financial sanctions for Venezuela seem appropriate.
Socialism is expensive these days
They gave Hillary millions for speeches maybe like maybe 20 minutes of coughing it's not illegal for them to invest they have share holders
GOP isn't enforcing Constitution by allowing Trump to violate Emoluments Clause making your fake outrage more fake.
Those people only see dollars, no country no morals and with the control of your type they turn America in to a banana Republic. Started ar
@RealJamesWoods report this & hit @GoldmanSachs were it hurts.The world needs to know they are supporting a dictatorship
@liliantintori report this & hit @GoldmanSachs were it hurts. The world needs to know they are supporting a dictatorship
@CNN report this & hit @GoldmanSachs were it hurts. The world needs to know they are supporting a dictatorship
@FoxNews report this & hit @GoldmanSachs were it hurts. The world needs to know they are supporting a dictatorship
@foxandfriends report this & hit @GoldmanSachs were it hurts. The world needs to know they are supporting a dictatorship
@BretBaier report this & hit @GoldmanSachs were it hurts. The world needs to know they are supporting a dictatorship
@realDonaldTrump you promised during your campaign you will stop these lobbyists. Take action & stop this transaction
Are you surprised, dummy
What do we need to do stop these guys? Stop this transaction? Stop the lobbyists.  How can I help?
Goldman Sachs gave you $92,100.  So ... they should have given you more?
@nikkihaley now you see why the UN has a bad reputation? You are letting lobbyists & personal interest destroy Venezuela
@POTUS this needs to stop immediately. You can't allow lobbyist to continue destroying Venezuela.
70 dead, i am sure that only means a shrug on making some good money to make a narco government so inept they have to sell at 35 c on dollar
@xgrupo9 esto si es grave
You have to be freaking me!  Stop these guys from doing business in Vzla.  These Lobbyist need to be stopped
STOOPID isn't harsh enough for this.  The people will not benefit from this, only the jack booted thugs that step on their necks will.
Please ust so easy take down Maduro Regime...just drop oil crude down and they going out
Except Goldman Sachs was one of your campaign's top donors? Speak out.
Liberals are backed by big cash ruining countries all around the world we know this too well with Cuba
Doble moral, un manera de apoyar a un gobierno violador de DDHH...
There are absolute impunity from the US government. Goldmansachs was the company who conspire against Greek many years ago.
...which will continue to fuel violations of human rights .... despicable!
Are they sponsors of motor gangs killing people on streets?
Venezuela problems were brought on by government interference in the free market. Different interference will result in more problems.
The Maduro government should fall but shouldn't be replaced by another government who interferes with the free market or capital flows.
Did we learn how much  GOP got from Russia?  That's what I am interested in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoLOc4W3BKo … Goldman Sachs  conspiración mundial para beneficiarse de estados "embargados" por deuda que ellos mismos auspiciaron
The US sanctions Venezuelan human rights violators and then Goldman Sachs gives them money to help the dictatorship? WTF?
Well ur buddy trump is part of that so
What the US government is going to do about it? Something have to be done!
Capitalism in Venezuela. Imagine that. Socialism turns to capitalism to save a country.
Deberian investigar a los exfuncionarios del regimen quienes hacen vida y negocios con el dinero robado de Venezuela, es delito deportenlos!
http://dinogroup.eu/wp/ 
𗁅𗁓 SoSad # Praying.. ThankYou for always fighting !
OMG....please stop with your new Venezuela obsession. It is not doing you any good to try to take the focus off of you and your buddy Trump.
I thought you were all for or open borders and love, human rights and all in between.. oh right he's a republican...
Not sure what your point is. let's deal with our crisis first. Want to immigrate come on in. Not interested in fixing Venezuela's problems.
But the GoP Loves the capitalism. But I'm guessing it's only if you benefit from it. Go feign your outrage somewhere else. Hypocrites.
the same goldman sachs that work in Trump cabinet Goldman sachs?
Unfortunately it won't be spent on food for their nation it will be spent on their own leaders disgusting appetite
#GoldmanFundsMaduro goes against their own code of conduct, they shorted human rights
I wish money will go to buy food and medicines, lives are not important?  This transaction is sealed with Venezuelan's blood  way to go!
This is outrageous! A murderous thug regime gets money from a group of liberal sympathizer's. I hope everyone of their shareholders is told!
find out who the "unnamed" broker for this transaction is.
The same guys working at the White House and running the nation. #GoldmanSachs.
We are need your support rigth now!!! #VenezuelaAlLimite
How has the USA government allowed this!?!?  This is like purchasing bonds from a known drug dealer!! @GoldmanSachs Shame on you!!
They are known for their drug dealership!
Wtf! Goldman Sachs blood money is in your hands! #Pray 4 Venezuela
Those are your president's buddies.
...and the Obama administration was full of GS also.
Please do something ! Stop this bloody transaction your honor
We as a nation REALLY need to start looking into what our "financial advisors" and services are doing around the world. STOP BLOOD INVESTS.
How much have they given u and other @GOP members
60 people have lost their lives in the last 60 days of protests at the hands of the government YOU are supporting. SHAME ON YOU!
By the way, this is the same "government" who SOLD dead Venezuelan's identities to UNKNOWN people in possible terrorist threat countries
Capitalism is not the problem; investments around the world drenched in blood and supporting dictatorships in power is...STOP
Wow!!
Where the line stop between decency and moral values and immorality! This mean more dead people in Venezuela, more abuse, more sadness
@libertylatina @marcorubio @GoldmanSachs @FoxNews @NBCPolitics @BBCNews
So it's not possible that they see that Maduro is done and it just may be a good investment?
Once again, American "investments" are based on another country's blood, dictatorship and suffering...when are we going to learn our lesson?
this can't stop the problems, Maduro should go
Senator, you need stop tweeting JFK bytes trying to make points and talk to Gary Cohn about this. You voted for his confirmation, right?
Hijos de puta ! Esto significa más represión y más muertos!
Shame on you @GoldmanSachs . A regime who is killing protestors.
Narco blond!!!..best regards...
Sanciones YA contra esa compañia.
how much came from the gold sachs cabinet oh wait they are there to get money!
Hope they got good collateral! Not to worry, They will blow through that before year end.
Héroes caídos http://erqmanes.blogspot.com 
Actually they gave 856 millions for the bonds worth at $2.8 billion
That will be a great profit if they can collect!!
Drain the swamp @marcorubio #impeach
Yes Marco same people that YOU vetted and approved to be TRUMP cabinet members. All part of the swamp. Shameful.
By #GoldmanSachs, did you mean the #WhiteHouse
Poder del comunista Maduro es artificial,  no esta en el pueblo de Venezuela sino en el ejército, opositores deben crear su ejército
Senator, @NicolasMaduro is an illegitimate president due to different facts; consequently all those transactions won't proceed once he's out
Gracias por estar al día con los Venezolanos,necesitamos ayuda para que el mundo sepa lo mal q estamos en un país sin ley,comida y medicinas
You're kidding with this right? You gonna pick and choose days when to use Goldman Sachs to highlight good and evil? What a joke.
We have less to worry about russians as long as sach brothers are buying our politicians. They are just as, if not worse than russians
Senator @GoldmanSachs is funding the Maduro NarcoRegime of thefts and Killers!!!@GoldmanSachs need to stop buying oil from the killers!!!
Thanks for bringing this up!
Great leadership by you your president and your party.......NOT!
sad that the President has surrounded himself with GoldmanSachs cronies.
Lock them up!!
The same Goldman that runs the WH?
just like your donors...throwing money at a losing cause
Shameful
Aren't they also in Trumps cabinet?
Say... arent there a few guys from there in Trump's cabinet??? 
It's a shame! Verguenza!
MR. RUBIO, please expose the to America, how Raul Castro and Putin have the political/military control of Venezuela. Thanks !
So what. Stay focused and do your job. Protect the citizens of this country and get this mentally unfit Pres. out of office.
U only care if u are getting national POSITIVE attention.  You eschew ur own constituents when u refuse townhalls and take away healthcare.
Yet you approved all of Goldman employees 4 cabinet, u took $1 million fm Russia & take $$$ lobbyists, then ignore ur own constituents???
They are just trying to get a job @realDonaldTrump cabinet.

