You lack sack.
Ok.
Got it.
All right.
way to stand by your beliefs and not shrink in fear of the bully trump.
Trump is right: little Marco  u lost my vote forever!
lets dispel once and for all with the fiction that Marco Rubio has any core principles
vote your conscience!! You know this is wrong! Stand up for !!! Please!!!!
Voters in Florida are disappointed with you. Been trying to call all day. Sad.
Not all are disappointed.  Did you watch the hearings?
yes I did. He displayed a great argument why Tillerson should not hold the position.
thank you I do appreciate your response
a vote for RT is a vote for Putin
And, yet you sold out again...Integrity, please.
I cannot believe how weak, meek and lack of strength you sound. You will not be president like that. Take a stand
I support your decision and know it was not made easily. You put our country first in your decision.
he put party first the Country he put first was Russia
Lol! @priusguy @sumarie711 @SenRubioPress @marcorubio 
http://www.popsugar.com/love/Hillary-Clinton-Gives-Russia-Reset-Button-Translation-Error-2897229 …
don't talk crap about comunista Cuba or Venezuela when you support Tillerson who's in bed with communist Russia.
or, more succinctly phrased, when confronted with having to confront Trump, he choked.
PLEASE DO NOT SUCCUMB TO THIS!! The almost three million who did not vote for this will remember in 2 yrs. #brave
Thank you for supporting Tillerson.
have to say you are truly a Politician. trying to gain some attention for yourself.
you flip flopped on Trump as a con man U wouldn't support. Now inexperienced Tillerson. You don't stand for much.
You're just another GOP rubber stamp.
Next you'll be supporting removing sanctions on Russia so that Putins oil deal with EXXON can be approved. 2018.
Exxon paying for Little Marco's next presidential run!
Jessica you may be right. Another bought & paid for RePutincan.
Guess who just fell off my radar....you. And yes, I'm in FL
Disappointed
It must have been a hard decision for you.With Respect for you SenRubio we support your Decision.#GodBlessyou
put Russia First that is what he did
Blame him for Russia?  You;re a joke.  He has warned everyone. His vote was immaterial.
Rubio's vote confirmed Tillerson.  He knew exactly that would happen.
GAYS LESBIANS TRANS COMING OUT IN CUBA same sex marriage SHORTDOC LGBT E... https://youtu.be/bajbp3-Jfhk  via @YouTube
SHAME ON YOU! As a FL voter I am disgusted at your vote for Tillerson.
My fam in FL are ashamed of your vote.This was your moment-Profile in Courage-but you failed by voting for him.
Welp we need a SOS so might as well be Putins guy...Good job. GOP = Government of Putin
Rubio's decision after a subsequent 90 min mtg & 100 additional written questions is hardly a 'rubber stamp' @SenRubioPress @marcorubio
Exactly right !!
His statement extensively expresses his concerns, to which at the end he concludes "Meh".
Evidently, you didn't read his response @TinzRules @BettyGibet @SenRubioPress @marcorubio
I did read it & gave you my assessment three minutes ago. It's still an act of cowardice.
Check his bank account!! I bet he got a sizable chunk of money from Exxon!
Says a person with ONE follower !! Humm !!
Haha! How low can you go? I just got on Twitter yesterday. Loser!
Why? You know in your heart it's the wrong decision, why won't you follow your heart? #disappointed
So basically u admit he is likely unfit for office but... eh what the hell! Political theater at its finest.
I support your decision and appreciate your extensive vetting of the SOS nominee.
agreed! It wasn't easy but as always Marco put the safety of our country 1st. Thank you Senator
You're going to need to brush up on your Russian, courtesy of Rubio.
Seems like you don't get that it's not only one Senator that votes
They don't get it lol.
No, they don't WANT to get it.
profiles in courage
Russia puppet
little Marco is back and he's finally ready to accept Big Don for what he is.  His daddy.
glad to see backing Trump
you had a chance to save this country and you failed miserably. You really let us down.
the most dangerous thing you have ever done Rubio.  Spineless. Shame on you.
you like all you Republican colleagues are sellouts to our Country you have put Power of party before Country
Thank you senator i am in your district & voted for you I was going to forever oppose you if you did not support
with a lack of spine like that you are shaping up to be our next pick.  Good work.
#littlemarco strikes again. Or as #trump would call him: #loser.
Do NOT vote for Tillerson. Your original instincts and reservations are correct. Florida says NO to Tillerson!
This was a difficult call. Rubio has insider info. If Tillerson was defeated, the next option was probably worse.
Looking worse daily on your vote for Putin Pal Spillerson, Lil' Marco!
not only did you lose the 16 presidential bid, I'm thinking you're right on target to lose your senate seat.
I can't believe you supported him!! 
coward

puppet of trump who is Puppet of putin. Shameful. Can't stand up for self. SO SO SAD little Marco
@MMFlint @SueM854 @MarkRuffalo #TheResistance #WomensMarch 
Political Suicide
cuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
No cojones Marco! I told everyone you'd cave after your "tough" questioning.
Tillerson has close ties to Putin. Exxon has many deals working in Russia. In 2013, the Kremlin bestowed the
Pathetic
Rubio is a fraud
your Tillerson vote just proves that you put party over country
Trump was right when he dubbed u #LittleMarco. Big chance to prove him wrong. You'll forever be #LittleMarco now.
I am actually an Independent who voted for you in the presidential primaries. You have let us down beyond words.
Never Again? Ban Russian immigration till we can vet for fascists then! RU blind and deaf?
get a backbone.    If it were Hillary Clinton who did this you would be vocally opposed.   Vote No! #PutinPuppet
You will be remembered as a coward knowing  this was not the right person for the job. No internal fortitude
So, what is DT holding over your head? Affairs, CrookedMoneyDeals or r you overdue to be voted OUT on Nov 6, 2018
the country’s Order of Friendship honour on Tillerson – who went on to argue against sanctions at a shareholders’
We trust & support your decision. God bless you!
Russia First that is what he did
oh please. Just stop.
"Significant deference" is not what this president needs from from the other branches of government.
So disappointed  in U
Shame on you for masking your capitulation with "concern." I am a FL constituent and I see what you are doing.
spineless
#sellout
#NoonDeVos
PLEASE VOTE NO FOR THE RACIST SESSIONS AND THE HORRIFIC CHOICE DEVOS FOR EDUCATIONAL SECRETARY! PLEASE, PLEASE.
When Marco battles with his conscience, Marco always wins...
Disappointed!!!
please vote no on Sessions. Please .. stand up for what's right. Do not bow down   Be a man who thinks for himse
EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. No te puedes. Mi siento muy mal.

We're you bought by Betsy Devos also? Party before country. #NoCommonSense #Coward
Tillerson replied I don't recall. Wouldn't let Obama nominee get away with that. Sad Little Marco!!
COWARD
- you are a coward for sure
If you don't start setting boundaries you'll soon be kissing his ring https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/trial-balloon-for-a-coup-e024990891d5#.n7mbk6yf8 …
Face it, you have no morals to stand on. You can't stand up to Trump on anything. Utterly gutless.
You have no reservations, just a wordsmith. You showed your true colors during election & continue to disappoint!
Little Marko strikes again! No balls and licks trumps butt yet again!
.@SenRubioPress @marcorubio I'll say it in reply to your statement as well. You have no balls, Senator.
never again will we hold out hope that you are a man of principle.
You lost my independent vote for any future natl elections. Ur Smart and u know right from wrong, shame on u.
grow a pair
I thought, and hoped, maybe you would do the right thing. Big Rex, big oil, little Marco is for you.Disappointing
So Marco does have a price on his soul. What a coward of a man, a little man.
went spelunking & now has caved.  Better you'd never tried to look tough on #rejectREX #ExxonKnew #TheResistance
you Sir are weak and like every other Rep too scared to stand up for what is right.  Shame!
coward ! #littlemarco #trumpslittlebitch
We all have severe reservations about him, yet you are in the position to investigate further. Do your job.
Little Marco is all talk, fell right in line.
Man, you are gutless...
You are good boy, Marco. My Donald tell me you would join us.
Hey, Mr. Spineless! Party above country, right?! *Fix your damn phone, people are calling. 202-224-3041
Marci, you swallowed your balls and voted for Tillerson. What? U scared of @POTUS ?  Yup thought so
blah blah blah blah...blah
You gave in and endorsed PUTIN. So much for your integrity and opposition to Russian control. U r a joke.
Shame on U for, just like always, putting your party ahead of your country. U were hired by us Floridians not GOP
no backbone deactivate
dude. you sold your soul. http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/23/politics/rubio-to-vote-to-confirm-tillerson-as-secretary-of-state/index.html …
Marco the USA are not police to the world's human rights violations!! The UN, NATO, WTO do nothing about it!
You're a gutless wonder .
You had the opportunity to be on the right side of history. I'm very disappointed. Sad to see they control you. 
You're pathetic.
Senator Rubio, I doubt you will oppose anyone President Trump nominates, no matter how unqualified the person is.
It's a shame really, they were some of your biggest supporters during primaries. #Actionsspeaklouderthanwords
you were our only hope.  Thought I was going to be able to respect a Republican but none of you have balls.
I am so disappointed with this statement. Good leaders do what's right even if it's against their party.
Did not take long for @SenRubioPress @marcorubio to sell out. Just wondering how much r you getting out the 1/2 trillion oil deal in Russia?
wow what a loser
"all talk and no action" just like Trump accused you all of being. Way to prove him right Senator.
Total partisan hack crumbles under pressure. Not surprising.
I can alreadymy Cuban relatives yelling @ U. My ears hurt, & I haven't even spoken to them(yet)Respect Lost
here you forgot this
All your grandstanding made u look like a fool.   stop hanging out with MCCain ...or you'll go down fast
Your mouth as usual is full of bluster with thought for America over PARTY taking a back seat! FEET TO THE FIRE!
Where is your spine? If you fold under pressure this easily then you will never be president!
Senator, you had a chance to play a role in this power configuration, but chose to serve Trump not the nation.
Disappointing...but no surprise.  It was predictable...and that's the sad part
I'm so disappointed in you. Y do you let that bully push you around.
way to stand up for what is right "Little Marco", Trump was right about one thing, you don't have what it takes..
Senator Rubio you seem to always have a problem with Staying the course! Remember the Gang of Eight?
Your aspirations to become POTUS just died with your vote for Tiller sir.
coward
coward....little Rubio
Coward
I HAD SUCH HIGH HOPES FOR YOU SIR, AND YOU HAVE SHOWN US THAT YOU NO BACKBONE. ..
It looks like "Little Marco" is a good name for you. хромать пениса
once again Lil Marco Rubio disappoints & doesn't deliver! It was all an act, Tillerson will make ya'll richer
¿dónde están los huevos?
so you will sell out the American people I used to believe that you would fight for what's right #sellout
Your office voice mail continues to be full.  Again, do no vote for Tillerson despite your committee vote.
Deeply disappointed you're voting to confirm Tillerson
¡No tienes vergüenza!
Why would you, of all people, give in to any one of the Trump picks? You know this man is horrible for our country. Be a MAN!
Florida voters have taken notice of this cowardice
looks like this vote will cost Little Marco his 2020 bid for the presidency
Please vote for Tillerson.
Tillerson was successful before you were born. Hope to learn something from him.
Shame on you for supporting Russian puppet Rex Tillerson!
spineless! I praised you way too early!
Why do you insist on being a "gutless wonder?" This guy has ties with Russians and cares more about Exxon-Mobil.
Uuum...Sorry but the Republican party are always in favor of the rich then the poor.
If you stand for nothing - you fall for everything.  Senator - you are falling fast.  Pathetic!
P
SELL OUT....PROVIDE YOUR BANK STATEMENTS!!
Coward
approving Tillerson. Shame on you.
so disappointed you wimped out. I was starting to give you respect but no more
what would we expect. He killed his own bill. Donald will grab Marco in the pussy
You should be ashamed of yourself. What a coward. You are part of the problem, not solution & we will remember.
not a good reason to confirm and exec billionaire that has the interest for his co & other billionaires
Good luck getting voted in next time around or in a presidential run. Betray us & the vote will be bye-bye.
Senator Rubio we re-elected you to help our President Trump and MAGA do your job pls
No spine.  Complete flip flopper.  Not surprised.  No moral compass like most politicians.
Your constituents are  and you will find out just how much Exxon won't help you get reelected.
way to roll over and play dead.  Is this what we have to look forward to for the next 4 years? Rubber stamp!
As a senator, your check on executive power is vital. You are letting #Florida and #America down. #SwampCabinet
you're a spineless little man or a traitor, perhaps both.
Still can't get over that you caved. WTF. The @GOP is a bunch of sniveling hypocritical SOBs.
you're a coward!!!!!!
traitor
you sold us out . Do us a favor and don't run for President. Your part of the swamp now. Disappointed
Thank you Senator. 
