Why did you vote to confirm Tillerson, whose tacit acceptance of Assad rule last week directly preceded this attack? No shame!
show us proof that President Al Assad is responsible and then American constituency may agree. Until then stop warmongering
I feel like Michael Bolton from Office Space. My last name was fine until you came along.
Who's providing the information? There are so many operatives in Syria it could have been any of them. We should not get involved
You either Trust TRUMP and HIS intel, or you DONT
doesn't work that way sorry. As much as I trust President Trump I will always question actions that I have concerns about- everyone should
U support Tillersen/Trump turning a BLIND EYE to WAR CRIMES!! Yesterday Trump spoke again of elec college win & blamed Obama 4 Assad! HELP!
US turn blind eye on mass murders of Mosul CIVILIANS.US use FAKE pics&videos in Syria,covering up 4these war crimes
I'm so thankful for you Senator & Ambassador @nikkihaley in an admin that is so lacking any decorum at all. You make me proud. God bless you
He's too smart to be sucked into "FAKE" town halls  organized by you Indivisable dividers of our country. He has 100%  support      
Maybe 100% support from his donors who want to drag us in another never ending useless war based on propaganda& $ interests of others
What a pile of BS. Sarin gas and everyone is wearing surgical masks. They would all be dead. If you stage something do it right.
Terrorists Al Nusra r those u r siding with. Same evil that used chemical weapons in the past. Same scum you are defending. U have no shame
Will the US use another false flag to inladen a souvereign nation. Assad did not use chemical weapons so stop lying to us!
Yes, Senator. This is a moment of truth. No one can ignore horrific human rights violations.
@hughhewitt @WSJ Where has this outrage been?! Watch #criesfromsyria Trump wont push back on Putin or Assad but blew off Merkel
If Russia did not veto the UNSC 4 times in 2011 and 2012 to protect Assad, hundreds of thousands of Syrians would still be alive today.
fake, isis would be in damascus now
Grow a pair Rubio.....man up and put country before party for once
What do you want this war mongering neocon to do? Push 4 never ending war for interests of foreign powers and for financial benefit of some?
Ask Putin's butt boy. He should know what Putin is going to do. By the way, is it true that Putin now identifies himself as republican?
Why are you trying to take peoples minds off Trumps Treasonous acts?
#palmsunday #aleppo #syria under #assad control, how they r terrorist in #EgyptChurchblast and good people in #idlib and u support them
Vote no on #JusticeGorsuch deny the people who empowered #Assad  to do this
You know what will have less blowback? Relief work and letting refugees in.
of course they will
China has no connection with it. Nobody believes what u tweeted about Putin. It's why u won't ever be our president. LOSER! LIAR! SAD FOR U!
You already know the answer to that. Well thought out strategic & economic pressure & the will to follow through is vital & key to success.
Thank you for your words!
President Trump doesn't want 2 b the ruler/police of the world like obozo, sounds like u would've been just like obozo! Join the dems rubio!
Investigate @SenJohnMcCain trip to Syria last Feb. Did he give his terrorist rebels the chemicals for this false flag? Stop funding terror
You should have followed your instincts on that Tillerson vote.
Guy's only right twice a year and he does it twice in one day. Got my RT.
It's not like it's not happening now. It's been happening since Trump's first day. Airstrikes in both Syria and Iraq.
Any of you know about the failed drone attack on the Syrian Mosque that killed 30 civilians? We rarely hear about this secret war.
Poor Marco, you backed Trump and now he'll take you all down with him. We tried to warn you.
Will you continue to support Trump?
#LittleMarco the so-called @POTUS you blindly support is #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrump
Will the u.s. continue to ignore war crimes?
the UN should be dissolved if it can't punish Assad and Putin
@laurnorman Please do not discount Tillerson's role here. Heartbreaking that you could have stopped his appointment.
Be careful Mr. Rubio. You have plenty of proof? Break it down it shows that Assad and Putin are winning already so no need to gas anybody!
Your Tillerson comment is out of line. You cannot be assured that this heinous attack would not have occurred regardless
Real Question... Will Trump continue to protect Putin from war crime accusers?
Russia, now in the Mid East, thanks to Pres Obama, will do what's in Putin's interest.
We need less misdirection and more focus on solving America's problems. Get to work.
FLORIDA VOTER WANTS TO KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO DO!
Your President is blaming Obama. How do you live with yourself supporting this Russian puppet? Your party is going down in 2018.
Waiting for the U.N. to condemn Israel for the #SyriaChemicalAttack.  @POTUS
Working on it, funny how Russian guy sounded just like Haley on Israel...hmm, 'no daylight' is becoming fashionable.
and what will you do? Bluster and fall in line with the party? That's my bet.
and you did a thorough investigation in 2 days? didn't you learn being @SenJohnMcCain JR will never get you in WH?
I hope something can be done with this regime.This is very inhumane gassing innocent ppl like this.Why can't they do that 2 ISIS
And by extension you & gop reps & trump...  you forgot that part.  Not taking an action is compliance and an action in itself. #sycophant
@laurnorman How long will @GOP put up with #trumprussia? #resist #protectourdemocracy #bigoil #coup
Where is the proof that it was Assad? More likely it was isis, like the first time
You forgot to include Trump & his minions in your response.
The same people who keep Assad in power put Trump in power. Gorsuch nomination, filibuster destruction, and gas attacks come from Putin.
What about US?
Horrific !!!! So Sad & Disturbing !!!!
"Moment of truth" for UN? They will do NOTHING, yet again. They'd rather attack Israel than fight the real monsters in this world.
You supposedly care about foreign aid and what is happening in Syria yet you stand behind an administration taking away The safeguards of US
Will your president continue as well? You must impeach trump
will you continue to support Trump? where is the outrage from you.
will trump say something bad about his little helper putin?? Or is he just going to blame obama & do nothing but ban these kids
Yes, they will.
Putin & Trump tell Assad his fate is in hands of syrians.Basically hands off approach. Trump's red line &he crossed it. Trump's failure.
YES
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,after chemical attack countries should stop support Assad is evil,& brutality..
Moment of truth for Republicans in Congress who blocked President Obama's initiative to take action re Red Line
Will Republican party and "super tough" President sack up and lead the world or continue to offer bogus "immigration" E.O.s "protecting" US?
what is happening to decency in this world
yep. they will.
@HeathMayo @WSJ Will we?
Talk accomplished nothing for the Syrian people. Any leader who kills his own people needs to be dealt with. No politics just action.
This is business as usual for Putin. Shame on anyone who would deal with such an animal
If they do continue 2 support Assad what will Congress do before vacation?  Will Congress stand up to UN?
Pres blaming what Obama said or did in 2013 is pathetic especially when he wanted us to stay out of there! Hypocrite! Yet u stand by Pres?!?
I'm happy to see the new President of Security Council setting the tone in UN! Hope the world finally wakes up and acts!
Will we?
Better question, will the Deep State continue to provide chemical weapons to ISIS to justify a Syrian intervention?
@marcorubio  don't forget your president also supports it
Today will show which countries are aligned and which ones are complicit.Time for real action right NOW! We as humans MUST insist action NOW
And will @POTUS continue to support Putin? @GOP is collaborating, fully supporting Putin by not working towards Trump impeachment ASAP
Donald. Wont do nothing. Because . puttin TILD HIM NOT TOO
China & Russia support war crimes. Bravo Obama red lines ! Chaimberlain appeasement with implications equal to WW2-
Will Rubio stand up against the dangerous policies of his party? You vote in support of this regime - it's on you. #resign
They must pay an enormous price for their actions.
Maybe President Bannon should do something.
China, Putin AND our SoS, you mean?
Moment of truth for Sen. Rubio, will he continue to support a President who supports war criminal Putin? #warcrimes
Yes, they will. And Trump will continue to support China and Putin. And @marcorubio and the rest of @GOP will continue to support Trump.
Simple answer to simple question:  yes. Not that hard.
Go back to your old job washing a cocaine dealer's guard dog. You suck at being a Senator.
UN either steps up or we pull out.
Call on our President to act! Be the leader this country needs, this party needs! Those children need help! Why is McCain the only one mad!!
When are all of you going to stand up for the American people?  Put your country before party.  Listen to the people.
Moment of truth??? How many of them do you think they will need? How many more chemical attacks? The UN is the "Useless Nation"
I just saw the news.. it is really sad.my  is broken.. Yah has Mercy for siria 
You should know, your party is in Putin's pocket
Will Marco Rubio continue to blindly support a president who is under investigation? Yes, yes he will.
Hey marquito that's trumps buddy
The bigger question is, will you continue to support war crimes by supporting Putin's puppet in the White House???
If anyone wants to find the #WMD's from Iraq just look in Syria
Agreed.
Trump doesn't give a shit
Will we?
there's something severely wrong in this world.
Mr Rubio needs to put the lives of American military first. Stop warmongering.
The truth is we (USA) should not be inolved in regime changes. No U.S service member life should be at risk. Rubio need to stop warmongering
Shut up COWARD I my neighbor  was a Republican  no more he agrees with me all republican congressmen  are COWARD cared of orange  face
Last week Trump indicated he would not interfere with Assad. This week Assad used nerve gas so add Trumo to your list of supporters.
To defy your party and show some freaking humanity - keep your thoughts and prayers for yourself.
@hughhewitt @WSJ Will Trump continue to be Putins puppet? Me thinks he has no choice.
Will China and Putin continue to support warcrimes?  Yes
@POTUS @PressSec @ericbolling @JoeNBC @greta Will POTUS do anything except blame Obama. POTUS must start looking forward & forget past
Will you continue to support the @potus/Putin alliance?
Also a moment of truth for POTUS. We cannot give him a pass, Senator.
The US/UN has to mount a major campaign to eliminate whoever used gas. It is banned for a reason, it is an indescriminate killer.
2nd mom. of truth is, will the GOP continue to support a Pres. who admires Putin & says, do you think the U.S. is so innocent?
Marco, marinate on this.few of your followers care about Russia and war crimes.perhaps we should..I am conservative, luv ya but you are off
Hopefully .@Franklin_Graham will mobilize us to pressure .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump .@VP .@nikkihaley to intervene & stop these #warcrimes
Will you continue to support them through your silence in response to our own "leader?"
Unfortunately yes, they thrive on power. Do not care about human life.
..will the US continue to support terrorist rebels? 
I thought Obama's failed policies were ending?
#WarCrimes
You guys have Congress and the Presidency. You did nothing but complain while Obama had this, so fix it or did you guys not plan for this to
All Statesmen and Stateswomen need to make Putin accountable.
And will our @POTUS continue to support Putin? 
#TrumpRussia
Will the US continue to support war crimes? We look like spectators!
Find out who did it first! Why would Assad do this horrible thing right now? Could it be isis? They are getting a beating on the way out.
And will @POTUS continue to support Putin?  We need to resolve these issues before confirming Gorsuch.  Vote No!!
Will dictator's club (aka UN) continue 69 year history of dawdling in response to genocide? Rwanda Cambodia Laos Balkans Kurds Yazidis etc
49 people died at Pulse. You came, you talked, and THEN DID NOTHING EXCEPT TAKE $900K FROM DEVOS. You're pathetic.
And will #45 continue to support Russia? #sad #Trumprussia
Will we? Trump clearly signaled Assad was safe from us days before this attack. Your focus is misplaced.
..makes no sense for Assad to use chemical weapons when he's winning, we know Obama's Rebels used sarin gas before.
Little Marco, what are you going to do about Assad?  Not a damn thing you little wimp. Like Paul,  you lied about running for Senate again2!
Will our President continue to support Putin and Assad. A better question. Be a leader.
China & Russia have ALWAYS supported war crimes. My god, they commit most of them ! The real question is will Trump support war crimes ! YES
Trump needs to annihilate anyone who did that to them poor children and innocent men and women.
FRONT AND CENTER, Marco. STOP #SyriaGasAttack #PutObamaRiceInJail #REPEALOBAMACARE or find another line of work next election.
Will you continue to allow this trump travesty continue unchecked????
Maybe we should first confirm WHAT happened, and then confirm WHO made it happen, and then think about the consequences before acting.
Point well taken!!
Why are you so anxious to overthrow the secular government of Syria, and to help Al Qaeda take it over? Remember 9/11?
Trump supports Putin, so he supports war crimes. What are you doing about it?
#45 is supporting war crimes #traitor #KISSASS4Putin #ElephantPartyDone #34%AR #Obstructionists #BlameGame @MsMcFarland
Thanks for sharing!
not enough just talking, we need to take down Assad. Get a drone locate Assad and bring him down.
So are we if we do nothing. Trump seems to support Putin and he will be entertaining China's leader at his private resort.
How about SCOTUS. REPEAL. GET TO WORK HERE.
Yes they will
So what?
Will your president continue to support Russia? #russiagate
No matter how royally Trump screws up in the meeting with China, keep in mind it is Obama's fault...
As usual, #LittleMarco asking the wrong question. Ask, will #Usuper continue to support #warcrimes?
Tell all your Republican KGB agents about it. And then COME HAVE A TOWN HALL WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
Speak publicly! Call out admin for doing zero and having policy to leave Assad in place!
I wonder how Little Marko feels about finding out that Putin interfered in the GOP primaries in order for his preferred candidate could win?
Do you support this and our @POTUS? So no regime change? Still support Russia? #SyriaGasAttack #Trumprussia
Maybe you should check with your POTUS; he can check with his good buddy Putin.
And when will be our moment of Truth.What is our clear policy in Syria?I'm an American and I don't know who we clearly stand with.Do you?
Stop warmongering Marco, you're becoming another McCain
I voted for you, but I regret that you got back into politics!

It is time for America to crush ISIS and stop supporting them!

Shameful...
Agreed.
ASSUME MARK? ASS outta U and ME = ASSUME ... GET IT
will DJT continue to blame Obama? DJT has nothing to offer so has to criticize and blame someone else . what is DJT plan? praise putin?
There's a new sheriff in town. Good luck to @nikkihaley.
Will .@realDonaldTrump continue to support Putin  Wait for it, wait, waaaait .@jaredkushner to the rescue #SyriaGasAttack #WarCrimes
will trump hold them accountable or just keep pushing it off on Obama? WAKE UP MARCO trump is a DANGEROUS rum away train STOP HIM
The Trump Administration made it clear, He's the president for American NOT the world. In another word #F SyriaFYI: THEY DON'T CARE
Do you care about any of the countries we've deposed the leaders of?  B/c They are war torn hell holes to be exploited now.
Yes.Putin and Assad ( spelling?) are in bed with each other. It's Bromance. The entire affair is complex hard2 believe anyone @this point.
Let's pray the UN takes action the time for discussion is over 
putin is our Potus ally. How is he going to be held accountable? Trump went after Obama, not putin. And this guy is your leader?
Isis has used chem weapons over 52 times on civilians and no one says anything. Now its a big deal. What if isis stored them near civilian
You keep leaving out Iran why ?
