U R not in touch with ur constituents. U only seem in touch with your gay 'encounters' n dark parking lots.
from Trump Buffon to Trump cheerleader! Trump can nominate whoever and you will clap like a circus seal!
They aren't leftwing extremists, but caring and concerned people, as you should be! Remember, have integrity!
@realDonaldTrump you mean following @SenateGOP
@SenRubioPress @SenateDems @POTUS Please vote for Betsy Devon. Thank you!
Why is the "leftwing" extremists? Oh, that's right we don't want mentally ill people running our country
Stop calling us extremists, you corporate shill who cares nothing about America. You're owned. I'm not.
same thing you did to Merrick Garland. Have you no shame?
Mr. Rubio if that is so then I guess that makes you a right wing extremist.  We are embarrassed by your positions.
God bless those kellyanne alternative facts...you Trumpanzees love your conspiracy theories.
left-wing extremists? You mean Americans with a conscience.
Hardly "left wing." Mainstream, plus left leaning republicans.
Slap fight! You were following right wing extremists when not giving #MerrickGarland up or down vote. #sad
I'm a constituent. & not a leftwing extremist. I did not want nom for HHS b/c of his views on key items. Stop w/ divisive lang
DON'T GLOAT. these are not honorable men.. u know what they say"birds of a feather" don't get so enmeshed
how dare you call us "extremists" while alt right nazis hold cabinet positions!! Shame on you.
.@marcorubio @SenateDems @POTUS u r blind.  They both are crooks. One kicked an old woman out for not paying .97. The other insider trading.
fake facts!!!!
and our rights and liberties. Got it?
Stop with inflammatory language; not helping. We're not extremists. WE ARE American citizens-WE CARE about US
We are not leftwing etremists. We are citizens who happen to be liberal.
.@marcorubio @SenateDems @POTUS -- And by those inflammatory statements u meant, "fellow Americans"? 

Stop being divisive & grow a spine 
.@marcorubio Remember when you had some integrity? Yeah, neither do we, your Florida constituents. #youworkforus #werewatching #wevote
Do you read your comments Marco?  Listen to your people.  Stand up for what's right.
Only because you violated the rules of having a Quorum that included at least one Dem. Pigs, one and all.
just like puppies...leak the masters boots...you are a sorry Hispanic who thinks you've made it! Watch your..
Yes!!! Resistance works.
Following precedent set by your party. Remember, @SenateMajLdr bragged about it #GOPhypocrisy
.  I stand up for penalties to those who are absent in the progress of our #UnitedStates
We have fascists in the Whiehouse and you play party politics.  Really?  What is wrong with you?
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND 
MERRICK GARLAND 
oh, and
MERRICK GARLAND
Ried rules of disorder.  Dems obstruct, change rules,  move candidate forward. Wash rinse and repeat.
@GideonHenry @SenateDems @POTUS GOOD!!!!! Support President Trump!!!
We are not radicals. I'm a primary care doctor who knows that #TomPrice is bad for medicine and especially bad for women.
starting to sound like Daddy Trump. Sad!
stop being so divisive- "left wing extremists"? History will not be kind to those (you) who refused to speak up.
We are NOT left wing extremists. Just ordinary Americans who want to stop this assault on our democracy!
your turning into a real disappointment.
Sounds like the Right Wing Extremists for the last 8 years!
Just following the Republican example. Live with it.
Not leftwing extremists. Regular ppl applying common sense + intelligence to issues - y'know, the ones who won pop vote!
Like that time GOP refused to vote on Obama's S.Ct. pick, neglecting Constitutional duty?  Right . . . #hypocrisy
Maybe they're worried about all their conflicts of interest like you should!
define extremist. If you are going to use such language you need to be specific. Don't be a hate monger
you promised to be a check on Trump and you're going along with ALL of his extreme actions Stand up to Trump VOTE NO DeVos
Not extremists, ur constituents! Where is your spine? U have none! #TheResistance
Disagreeing with GOP doesn't make one an extremist, does it? If so, are you not then a rightwing extremist?
there goes the last of my obviously misplaced respect for you.
.@marcorubio @SenateDems @POTUS "left-wing extremists"? This is the rhetoric you're going to sell?
"left wing extremists" is your way of saying "conscientious ppl who have balls"
Stop with the leftwing extremist BS.  Lots of us are moderate Dems who are just appalled at these nominees.
Little Marco as @POTUS called you. Dude you are weak asf... #LittleMarco
This is how trump and  Pres. Brannon see you....Oh...  That Little Marco...what a cutie...and he's ours.  
You are following orders of a crazy President @ @POTUS - Keep at it @SenateDems - keep hearing our voices!
You are ridiculous. They weren't "following orders". It's called listening to constituents. You should try it
. Vote NO in DeVos.  Florida needs the strongest public education.  She is unqualified and only nominated be jade of her money.
Or do you mean following the pressure from their constituents? And how about you start listening to yours?
are you insinuating that anyone who opposes Trump is a left wing radical or extremist?
Are these the fellas that lied on their application and were confirmed when the @GOP bypassed the rules?
I hope you're voting NO on the highly UNQUALIFIED Betsy Devos. Signed, A Florida Voter.
hamijo,  the closest you've been to a leftwing extremist is one continent away.  So accurate!!
alternate explantion: They care about Americans who are not necessarily rich.
Boycott was bad idea. Nothing to do with confirmations.  Just not right way to conduct business.
.@marcorubio @SenateDems Sorry but you're just a jerk for trying to paint us as "L-wing extremists" We're ordinary, concerned citizens.
NO to Price and DeVos is just in No Way competent!!
PROPAGANDA! Learning from Papa Trump are we?
So let me get this straight: LIES are to ALTERNATIVE FACTS as LEFTWING EXTREMISTS are to SANE, MORAL PEOPLE?
We are not left wing extremists. We're mainstream America and we vote.
Tom Price is ethically challenged. He is way out of the mainstream. You should vote NO!
cause u r weak
against the wishes of your constituents
Why call ordinary people extremists? I'm a doctor who has seen ACA help patients, and I've called my reps
Do you really feel entitled to demonize opposition? Very unethical, unAmerican, untrue and dangerous.
you enjoy taunting your constituents, don't you?
wish you would fight instead of sucking up #neverdid #sad #littlemarco
Will remember in 2020.  U abandoned ur constituents.  Y don't u answer the phone? #resistance
This is only a reaction to right-wing extremism. We shouldn't wake each day terrified of our government.  Bannon!
Leftwing 'extremists '? Orders? What a way to promote division! Sad.
AGAIN, NOT LEFT, NOT EXTREMISTS BUT GOOD AMERICANS, like the ones who let your family come here.,
Extraordinary circumstances!  Do you really think anything about the Trump Admin would be normal?
I am one of the voters you smear--a senior old citizen who detests tyrannyYou are the extremist.
Sir, you represent us and are our voice. You must vote "NO" on Betsy DeVos. She is devastating to public education.
Sounds just like Right Wing extremists who stole a nominee from "the people." #hypocrisy #TheResistance
.@marcorubio @SenateDems Swampy nominees don't deserve to lead agencies they pledge to eliminate.Florida elected you, yet you abandon us Sad
75 million people voted AGAINST DJT. You need to stop calling us leftwing extremists. We are the majority.
Thank you @marcorubio
#StopPresidentBannon
regardless we will make your life difficult next several yrs. Will work with other Cuban-Ams to unseat you.
You forgot to mention George Soros
I am a constituent not a left-wing extremist. I disagree with everything you and trump/Bannon are doing.
@SenRubioPress Why should Mnuchin b confirmed after taking advantage of so many Americans? Corporate interests supersede people?
Way to be brave on Tillerson vote, Little Marco. Tough questioning was totally phony. In the end, you kissed Trump's boots.
and probably no thanks to you McCain and graham the pack of three Losers 
Don't think the GOP isn't watching!
Oooooh, little men talk with such high voices!!!
Wow. Were you on a playground talking to third graders when you tweeted that? Sounds kinda nah-nah-boo-boo.
right after Merrick Garland gets a vote.
@SenRubioPress @SenateDems @POTUS Praying
When are you going to grow a set and stand up against the right wing extremists?
if you could stop calling us "extremists" that would be nice. BANNON is an extremist. learn the difference
This kind of inflammatory hearsay should be beneath you Senator. @marcorubio @SenateDems @POTUS
Does the name Merrick Garland ring any bells to you or are you suffering from some rare form of amnesia?
Yes. He was not confirmed.
Because Republicans threw a hissy fit, and now Rubio is accusing dems of same thing. lol.
No. GOP had numbers and chose not to confirm. This time is different. Dems being childish.
No they were being childish, they wouldn't even hear him. lmfao. I actually think Gorsuch is OK
Yes, let's just put unqualified people in office. How would that have gone in 2012?
asking for more time for questions on insider trading and securities fraud allegations isn't boycotting.
Of course they will; because, YOU do NOT listen to your constituents!! You follow your party line, blindly!!
Why do you consider sane lefties "extremists"? Wanna see extremism? Look Bannon in the face, if you dare.
left wing extremists?  This is why we can't have intelligent discourse. How about the right wing extremists? Grow up
Why is there a current SCOTUS opening mr. RUBIO? What would you call the past years actions #LittleMarcoFitsInTrumpsPocket
And what about you & the rest of the rightwing extremists who boycotted @POTUS44? Hypocrisy, thy name is GOP @SenateDems @POTUS
Many unanswered questions about the nominees but didn't matter at all to you. Shameful.
Marco Loves DeVos she paid him over $100K to like her a lot.
We can't wait to watch the TRAIN WRECK of this administration "Little Marco" the hypocrite.
@coinabs @SenateDems @POTUS  Love it !!!

You must vote No on Devos
I'm not a left wing extremist little marco, but I have a long memory. It's called karma little marco.
Your use of the word extremists is offensive. Nominees were deemed unqualified. That is all.
like it or not, the dems represent voters who feel very strongly. You can't just change rules & ignore them!
u think it's right to steamroll the dems & change rules after the fact?  U are no better than Trump, traitor!
if u all keep this up you will definitely be out of office as soon as possible the people will vote you out
of course you'll vote for them...you're still little marco. Trump's boy
oh, sorry were you following right wing extremist when you stopped the vote on Obamas scotia nominee?
does that make u a right wing extremist for not considering obanas nominee?  Stop talking trump smack.
You voted for Rubio.  Do you realize you are part of the problem not the fix?
and i voted for Hillary, Obama, Bush 41, Engler, & anyone else I thought was more qualified
since one of those dems was Bill Nelson you are talking about your own constituents. We will remember
SenateDems standing with majority of voters, working Americans, seniors NOT greedy liars on Wall Street!
You're complaining about leftwing extremists when the nominees are exploiters and charlatans?!?!
You KNOW it's wrong!!!! DON'T DO IT! Don't you WANT to be on the right side of history? NOW sure a follower
says the guy with no backbone
I'm one of your constituents in 33896, and I'm not an extremist. I'm concerned. Why aren't you?
Traitors, hypocrites, & bigots ALL OF YOU!
following orders of right wing nutters, Trump established his agenda.  Point?
@SenateGOP  @SenateDems  NO DEVOS, NO SESSIONS.  Remember how YOUR family came and settled in America?  FL resident here.
If boycotting vote on someone vowing to privatize #Medicare and #SocialSecurity is extremist, yes.
price lied to panel
Thank you ! Please Stand Up for Whats Right for America and What We the PPL voted 4, Trumps Agenda Please !
Senator, if they are "leftwing extremists," what would you call yourself?  Perhaps, "rightwing yes man?"
yes but they should still be called out as obstructionists
how do we make sure the democrats that block appointments are named for the next election?
disappointed in you Marco Rubio for not opposing Trump and his nominees. We all have much to lose.
You are literally following a fascist, just FYI Marco.
This conservative notes that qualified picks with no ethics questions are going through just fine.
Try addressing concerns instead of name calling. And no way should Pruitt be considered.
Agree. time to serve dems the same soup we are for 8 yrs.
how about climate change denier Pruitt? Do you care about anything but partisan politics? #saveflorida #earth
Why confirm them without checking on their deceptive withheld info?
Your @POTUS is the extremist.  @SenateDems are following the people.  As all leaders should.  #resist
just like Garland.
They are doing the same thing the GOP has done the past 8 years. Get your head out of @POTUS ass Marco.
Sad to see that, given the chance to be a grown up, you're blowing it. #sadlittleman
and you will own everything they do!
I'm a 25 yr ex-Republican, voted for W twice, am now a "left wing extremist". The Reps have lost balance. #dontgiveBannonkillauthority
So sorry you folded on Tillerson....You are weak and Potus once again owns you. Sad
Lock them UP!
good thing you are a Catholic...been to confession lately? God is watching!
Remember when you and fellow republicans did the very same?
Well, you have certainly fallen in line, little marco!
Please no more delays for @SenatorSessions! We need him to get to work ASAP!
do you read tweets they are all against your positioning w/trump listen to the people!
Leftist extremists? AMERICANS! I regret voting for you, it won't happen again.
Stop it Marco or little marco remember Lock them up! God is watching!
why are you backing this tyrant trying to strip up of our freedoms. YOU know what kind of man his is
Look who is adopting Trump tweet style...so cute!  @marcorubio @SenateDems @POTUS
Notice you've gotten out of line couple times,
Who jerked your chain to get you back in Lockstep,
Butterfly?

@SenateDems @POTUS
How is this draining the swamp?
Mr. Rubio this is not enough for your party or your President. C'mon and get on  board now and help our state
price used office to benefit himself and mnuchin craven capitalist who lied on his disclosure.
.@marcorubio @SenateDems @POTUS 

Didn't YOUR family flee Cuba during Batista's regime?
Ask your parents about "extremists" and "dictators."
Do you really believe what you Tweet, @marcorubio ? "Orders of left wing extremists"? #alternativefacts
this is insulting to me as your constituent
Trump is the extremist here. He's acting like a dictator.
it is not just left wing extremists that are pleading not to confirm Tillerson and Pruitt
Marco I thought you were better than this ,you proved me wrong.Go drink some water,BYE!
Price has real ethical problems. Why aren't you standing up against that?
Rubio We depend on you to stand against unqualified nominees. Worry about that not the DEMS.
I have lost all respect for you. You are a complete & total sell out.
most of these nominees are not qualified for the jobs. Devos-no educ background, Perry-not know what job does
You're absolutely right Marco. They WILL still be confirmed! 
keep in mind that there are more registered Dems in Fl than Reps. Way to alienate your constituents.
remember what you all did with Garland?  Quit whining.
@BayShoreIsHome @SenateDems @POTUS They damn well better be
