BREAKING: U.S. to sanction 13 more Venezuelans ahead of showdown vote http://hrld.us/2uYNxDM  
Hi Marco! Any comment on how @POTUS is hurting Americans? Or how @POTUS is moving the US backwards and off the podium leading the world?
Obama was ALWAYS leading from the REAR. Making deals that hurt our workers.
I'm not saying Obama was any better but the US has completely fallen off the world stage with Trump!
He is just focusing on making America great again!
Hard to do when he moves us backwards! Trump is unfit for the office of president!
Will go down as one of the BEST ever. So making deals to help American workers, is considered as UNFIT. Wow, I am dumbfounded!
If he wants to help Americans tell him and Ivanka "Buy American, and Hire American" not buy their materials and manufacture them overseas.
That's called a Trumptastic product!
I wish you were as interested in our last election and outside involvement
Here we go Russia. @POTUS improving the economy, and all a cat has to say is Russia!
Lets make it clear. Trump has done nothing to improve economy. He takes credit for the momentum the economy has had for years.
Agree totally.  I am sure he won't take credit when the market tanks on his watch.
Liberals, it doesn't tank if you create jobs!Trump lauds potential 13k new jobs in Wisconsin.
constructive talks can't be had with a drug cartel "Venezuelan government" . It's a law enforcement issue.
How about the drug cartel government of Colombia? The one they are talking to at the moment to erradicate the pro government people in Vzla
Sorry butt the government of Colombia does not have officials with charges for drugs trafficking on the contrary of the many of venezuela
Oh boy. If don't know Colombia is the biggest producer/trafficking country in the whole world you are living a lie. Oh and who charged them?
Sorry i working in that cases , it is my job .
uh? Sorry, I didn't understand your last message. 
In the case of us Venezuelans mean hunger,oppression,bullying,horrific scenes of military abusing and killing our youngsters and no medicins
Sounds like the USA. Trump bullying, 46 kids killed by guns every day, Rethugs getting rid of the Obamacare.  http://www.bradycampaign.org/key-gun-violence-statistics …
@HermanEscarra living in USA,has been 1 of the most active person in the violation of Venezuela consti. and support the maduro`s atrocities
The way out for the crisis is for Maduro to call a new Constitution with ALL the people, monitored by US, OAS and European Union
That was what Maduro did. The opposition is not participating because they didn't want to participate!
Just like elections in Venezuela are bogus, so are elections in #California with Democrats using illegal immigrant votes to perpetuate power
What about holding the Democrat dictators of #California accountable?
FALTAN ANCIONES PARA VLADIMIR PADRINO LOPEZ, QUE NINGUN PAIS HAGA NEGOCIO CON ESTOS NARCOCORRUPTOS,
Little marco he coon is rising want U gone do rubber stamp For the Koch's . David and Charles are very disappointed in means no money !!
The People of Venezuela cannot wait longer, many are starving, dying because of lack of medicines, or being killed by police officers and NG
Sanctions must be extended to all members of Venezuelan Narco regime AND their families. Stolen Fortunes stashed in their kids names!
Gracias es usted un ángel
Por favor  los venezolanos no queremos elecciones el servicio electoral trabaja para maduro y han hecho trampa por favor no pidan elecciones
It's time to stop Cuban occupation in Venezuela, they're acting as National Police officers and National guards, massacring  civilians.
OK but what are you doing for America.
thank you Mr. President @realDonaldTrump and Sen. @marcorubio for tirelessly working on behalf of democracy! God bless
Except here at home
give me a for instance!Y'all have no idea what lack of leadership and corruption does
Why do you care more about Venezuela than you do about your own country? We will be facing this same crisis if you dont stand up to Trump.
Nosotros QUEREMOS sancions para los corruptos NECESITAMOS AYUDA ARMADA porque los ciudadanos dsarmados NO PODEMOS contra sus huestes armadas
Sanctions hinder diplomacy while strengthening the dictatorship and punishing  innocent people! @HRW_Venezuela @CNN @BBCWorld @AP
Solo asfixiando económicamente con la fuente de ingresos más importantes, petróleo y gasolina lograremos sacar a estos forajidos!
I trust these sanctions will be more effective than those that failed, for 50+ years, to harm the Castro regime...
Si el Gobierno d Estados Unidos comparó a Diosdado Cabello con Pablo Escobar, por qué él no está en la lista de los sancionados?
Thank You so much for your diligence in re: to Venezuela narco government.
Accounts should be removed form dictatorship in Venezuela @TwitterNews @Twitter @TwitterAPI @instagram don't get Ur hands stained with blood
Sos help
But who will sanction @POTUS? Certainly not Little Marco, who falls in line. Glad HERO @SenJohnMcCain doesn't.
we need to recover our democracy. hundred of people died because violence but thousands are suffering because dont have medicines and food
Violence from the opposition, yes, yes indeed!
the venezuelans deserve a democratic goverment and recover dignity of each citizen. no more fair no more hungry

Thanks for the support, blows my mind that Cabello and Escarra were not sanctioned though
Hello! Who is going to be sanctioned when your party makes insurance so unaffordable we have no choice but to let it lapse and then die?
Thank you from an american venezuelan in Florida, who voted and will continue to vote for you!
You speak more about Venezuela then you do about the State you were elected to represent in the Senate. When are you going to work for us
En todos los episodios de CSI MIAMI que durò 10 años, no se vieron las caras de tantos narcotraficantes como se ven en un dia en Venezuela.
#Venezuela sanctions could hurt Americans.
Marco Rubio's super PAC took $1,000,000 from billionaire who made his fortune in post-Soviet Russia.   -  Scott Dworkin
Enhorabuena Maduro por convertir a la nación más rica de América Latina en un lugar donde el 15% de la población come basura para sobrevivir
Most of democratic people in Venezuela are expecting next names. We feel anxious, and thankful at the same time. God bless you!
Using the CIA will bogdown any diplomatic effort
Please tell POTUS to stop using CIA to contact openly the government's of Latin America. Big mistake. Use the state Department
USA santions will not be enough. Negociations will happen only if Latin America pressure for it.
He will hold the "Constituyente" If the opposition manages to stay peaceful. Only Latin American international pressure will help
Y cuando sale la familia chavez a referencia por CORRUPTA especialmente la del titulo inventado para ser "embajadora" Maria Gabriela Chavez
and what about the hurt to the american people?
Why isn't Robert Mueller being investigated for conflicts of interest into his role as special counsel ie Comey Clinton the optics reek
tiene que sancionar padrino lopez por mandar reprimir los venezolano Hecto Rodríguez.  Maikel moreno
tiene que sancionar diosdado cabello por corrupto narcotraficante rafael ramirez. Carreño
Please, they are all over Latin America. Sanctions should reach to those who support and engage in illegal activities such as narcotics.
Now as promised republicans need to repeal Obamacare. Still waiting after 7 years
That's great. Skip the victory trot and get some real work done for US. You voted for repealing Ocare, guess you want to lose next election

I feel so bad for the people of Venezuela:(

MASIVO #RT #Venezuela #15F Después q Falleció, 96 Decretos"Firmados por Chavez"Todos elaborados por #HernanEscarrá 
This gentl has done a lot of damage (a candidate for the ANC) and as a result of the US sanctions, they say he has withdrawn his candidacy.
Mr.Rubio,Missing From the List:The Minister of Defense,General Vladimir Padrino and the Father of New Communist Constitution: Herman Escarrá
More to come??? WHEN DIOSDADO???
You guys still missing the biggest fish, Rafael Ramirez. Focus on that guy
@SteveKellerNRR
Gracias ,gracias ,gracias ,,pero no dejen por fuera a gobernadores,alcaldes chavista y especialmente a @HermannEscarraM ,sanciones con ellos
Mr. Rubio Maduro has to go along with all his cronies before VZ can start rebuilding the government & country. Has 2 be fast-starving
Hopefully you will act in the interest of the American people, Marco. What you all are doing is criminal.
Y el expresidente de pdvsa no lo vas a sancionar el se pasea por alla como un feliz norteamericano y es complice de nuestra destruccion
What about illegal votes that are being done in the U.S. Senate right now w/ not releasing bill details, hearings, or anything else.
I don't see Diosdado Cabello and Vladimir Padrino in that list.
Bravo for USA, as sad as it is to see my country going under it is good to see these people getting punished.
Venezolanos en Los Angeles California en apoyo la compañía contra la Constituyente

Believing Trump's promises is almost as stupid as depriving people of health care.  Little Mario going down with the ship.
#Moreocome, Sanctions for those countries that have supported Maduro's Government need to arrive @POTUS, as OEA doesn't serve for nothing...
Í mean SOS from comunist dictatorship please, Venezuela will  be greatfull for ever With american goverment...
@potus dodged the draft yet is judging #LGBT soldiers
Good  mr  Senator, but  we  the Venezuelan's people  are waiting for more actions , really we need  all  support  That u can give us!!
Tareck y diosdado son los pesos pesados .
Please this one @HermannEscarraM
Senator Rubio, urge measures against the dictatorship in Venezuela. The people are being subjected to hunger and rebuke. Help.!SOS
Caring more for Venezuela than for Florida. Nice going
Muchísimas gracias, pero las acciones deben continuar, somos gobernados por agentes del crimen organizado.
En realidad ni a usted ni Trump le interesa para nada los venezolanos Sólo buscan dinero y poder sobre la miseria y la muerte Keep hands off
Muchas gracias pero no es suficiente. Esos criminales deben esconder su dinero robado con testaferros, socios, amigos y familias cercanas
Senator what happen with the legal brain of the costituent ? HEMANN ESCARRÁ he advise Nicolas Maduro and run the supreme court.
you are becoming more like your buddies, McCain and that idiot Lindsey Graham. POTUS knows the swamp is full of snakes.
Dos ridículos tratando de convencerse de estupideces uno al otro en inglés cuando ambos hablan español...faltan 3 dias y venceremos!
you keep asking me for money yet you do not support POTUS who you owe big time for being reelected. Shame on you.
@PatriciaMazzei I hope you are helping Republican senators get a HC bill passed.
Gracias totales.
Why don't you do more to protect our democracy from @realDonaldTrump ?  Not a rhetorical question. I truly do not understand.
Are u guys going to also help Venezuelans with healthcare as u did in Iraq, but strip ours away?
Thanks for your effort to put a stop on this horrendous regime! God bless you!
Ahora todos dicen que no tienen bienes en USA jajajaja (E. Jaua, I. Varela y T. Lucena)
The Venezuelan government, with its narcotics trade, its ties to islamic extremism, and its money laundering, is a direct threat to the US.
Why are you not worried about an illegal vote here.  You need to represent those of us that you are supposed to be representing.
Sr. Rubin esas sanciones no les importa tienen demasiado dinero en muchas partes del mundo . Deberían pensar en otra forma de ayudarnos
Your POTUS behavior is reminiscent of Hitler's This is disturbing do something now.
This crazy hos response to sanctions against her...
I'm glad she is angry.  Let's make sure we freeze all her ill gained assets
Thank you 
This is good but I hope you can do more than that, Venezuelan people need help...urgently.
Saludos Apreciado.. Le informo que ya el Dictador los condecoró!! A todos los que sancionaron!
Hey #LittleMarco, how about you worry about what's going on in the US and Florida. Fix the issues here. #JustSayin #Sad
Embargo is only outcome. Stop screwing around and hurt them where it matters.
America Goes After Every Country That is Socialist Destroying their Economies ! China should step in and help #Venezuela #Cuba
What business is #Venezuela to You ? The US GOV is Destroying their GOV over an Economic Platform which has caused their current crisis !
 #GoTrump

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
You're the ones who hurt the Venezuelan people by supporting and encouraging the Venezuelan opposition, financing their terrorist acts.
I'm confused. Aren't you supposed to be representing the American people, not the Venezuelan people?
Please Colud you read the Venezuela news, the young people died every day.
Who is going to protect Americans from our president?
Thoughts on the LGBTQ attack on the military today?

Oh wait, it didn't happen in Venezuela, so I guess you don't have any.
I can't believe all those people dislike Ron Swanson so much
Thank you
Thank you Sen Rubio! You are a hero for decent Venezuelans!!!
Does that include those that donated to his campaign?
What about Diosdado Cabello & Padrino Lopez? @marcorubio @POTUS they're the worst of the Maduro's "crime partners"
What will he say when they sail here? @realDonaldTrump ???
What will POTUS say when Venezuelan refugees want to come here like in Colombia? Will POTUS welcome them with open arms?
Great- now how about sanctions on all those senators who won't get together in the spirit of the people like Sen McCain referred-fix Healt..
All I see u say is why u can't approve! Get on the stick, be a leader and get the amendments all will approve. Don't be a candy butt- LEAD!!
Venezuelan people greatly appreciate your sanctions to human right violators who enrich themselves whilst people are starving!
Did you swap your vote to proceed yesterday for these sanctions?
When will be sanctions for Jose Luis Merino and FMLN terrorists in El Salvador?
He's also putting sanctions on transgender Americans. Anything g to say about that?
Thank you Senator, but we would like to see the names of Diosdado Cabello & Padrino López, the big "Capos"on that list
Is there a reason you don't care about the hurting people right here in Florida?
The only people @POTUS sanctioned today were Trans Americans interested in serving their country. MR Stop pushing your narrow agenda at us!
Please be careful with economical sanctions against Venezuela people is having very bad times do not need more pain
Nice Little Marco.  Good boy.  The Donald is happy with you now.
Thank you so much senator @marcorubio for your support on #Venezuela
This is just bullshit. You should be worried about the dictatorship in the U.S.
You REALLY don't care about Florida or America for that matter.
Good boy.
If want to stop exodus of Venezuelan to americas dictatorship has to end and reestablishment of democracy is a must @OAS_official
I love Marco Rubio... thank you, thank you... to continue the party
 muchas gracias #Justicia  #NarcoDictadura son delincuentes asesinan y roban a Venezolanos por mantener poder 
@marcorubio - exposed today as working for regime change in Venezuela. U r the ultimate hypocrite w/ all of ur Russian interference whining.
We cannot thank you enough!  God bless whoever defends democracy and helps end this human tragedy.
I am not as fluent as you, but I actually read your Spanish!
Marco?  Did you sell your healthcare vote for this?  If so, you got a bad deal. Repeal get hits Florida the worst. http://states.aarp.org/aarp-florida-people-age-50-64-florida-hit-house-health-care-replacement-plan-state/ …
Todos los venezolanos tenemos fe en q harán justicia por nosotros #SosVenezuela #ayudennos
Gracias, sigan sacando a la luz los nombre de quienes robaron nuestra dinero y sobre todo nuestra libertad
Muy buena Sen. Rubio. Por favor incluya a @RMarcoTorres, @VPadrinoLopez, @dcabellor en sus sanciones! Son hambreadores, asesinos y ladrones!
OK I got it now
That mean you can finally shift your focus back to the people of Florida now?
Stop siding with the Russian in the WH, counting down yo ur days left
Awesome. So glad he can do it on a country he's not afraid of...now let's try russia..
Thank you thank you thank you!!!!!
thank you Senator for helping Venezuela!! I dont agree with your domestic policies (healthcare) but your foreign policy is on point.
Omg, did he promise that for your vote? Remember he calls you Little Marco and if the suit fits you gotta wear it!
I should think he would have better things to do. Talking about a witch hunt, this is it.
@WSJopinion Thank you #SenatorRubio @SenatorMenendez & @POTUS for supporting #VenezuelanPeople  hope of #freedom&democracy
Y Diosdado???
Queremos a maduro fuera!!!
This must be your deal with Trump...it all makes sense now.
María G. Chavez @maby80 is a white collar thief that has stolen Venezuela. USA should expelled her from the #ONU
Hay que lindo te ves besando el culo anaranjado Chiquito Marco.
I really hope @POTUS does it!
Thank you, thank you!

We want all of them dressed in orange behind bars for the crimes they've committed and for sustaining a dictatorship
Thank you all of you, you are our heroes

God Bless you Mr Rubio we really appreciate it 
Kissing ass to potus?
How proud you must be. How about the citizens of America. How about Health Care. Who's more important

Thank U Mr. Rubio for you support not only to Venezuela but to all democracies in Latin America we  can't let communist people take control.
Hey Marco, how about sanctioning Trump? He's hurting the American people, destroying our Republic and dismantling our Democratic processes.
Creemos en uds. Esperamos su ayuda,pueblo espera lo necesario y basico para vivir
It's great that you try to get things done in DC, but virtually none of your voters care about those things. #healthcare, please.
Also, let's dispel once and for all the notion that @POTUS signs anything knowing what the repercussions are.
What about this promise? Will you stand up to him on anything?
There is a "T" in there, right? @realdonaldtrump
Please do not vote for this debacle of a bill on Healthcare thank you
Are you praising this move or criticizing it? The people of Venezuela are hurting and we levy more sanctions against them?
Thank you so much Senator Rubio for your help and concern for us venezuelan people. May God bless you always!!!
Thank you for all the work you do for Venezuela. Now can you actually do something for Florida and stop being a puppet to Trump?
Seems you care more about Venezuelans than Floridians.
Thank you, Senator @marcorubio for your priceless support
you truly are a sad little man...
USA Marco.  Usa
Thank you, Sen. Marcos
Thanks
Pay attention to "those hurting people of America!" Particularly anyone supporting #Trumpcare. You're squandering FL representation in Sen.
LET'S SEE HOW IT GOES, SINCE I'VE BEEN HEARING AND SEEING THIS FROM A LONG TIME AGO, JUST AS THE OEA HAS PROMISED AND NOTHING + SO FAR.
Dont forget @LeonelFernandez and @DaniloMedina And member of @PLDenlinea have voted in favor of #venezuela in @OEA_oficial members of mafia
So, what?
What about the promises for great healthcare and to protect LGBTQ people? Phonies--the 2 of you. #resist
