R you finally ready to stand up to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and disavow his tweets about letting #PuertoRicoRelief end B4 it’s even started?
You
Have
Failed 
The 
People
Well little Marco u kissing #AGENT ORANGE  ASS lately, thing u are due. Trump calls u names and u take it like a little kid being bully.
You're a quisling coward. Do Something!
There is NO FOOD in PR so quit the lies, the Republican lies. "Let them eat paper towels."   The world knows  - you seem not to.
Do something @marcorubio.  US efforts = disgraceful.  Come on now!
Incredible
Americans on the mainland have been saying this since day one. Why such a long delay? Are we really that inept?
Respectfully you do a little research. There were distribution locations where water and food were delivered to.
My 77 year old m-i-l lives south east of augadilla. No food, supplies or fresh water for over 10 days. Water running off the mountain the reasons. Pretty certain the distribution locations were inadequate.
Why didn't your boy Trump do this sooner?
Little Marco has become Nostradomus by reading/ quoting Bible verses. Who would have known...
Trump let the #JonesAct expire, which will delay #PuertoRicoRelief.
The mayors in the PR. Municipalities were charged to get the food and water in 10 distribution points to their citizens. That was failing.
The US Military is now aiding with to improve/correct the problems.

Maria hit PR 19 days ago, your bunghole buddy is golfing for the 3rd day in a row & your VP just spent $250K on a racist PR stunt. GOOD JOB!
If you are going to argue, at least have your fact straight.  It was a CAT 4 hurricane.  If it was a 5, it could have been much worse.
Not enough troops. Volunteers are reaching areas who still have seen no relief. Disease season is near. The crisis is real
Day 23...and now the world takes notice! Thank you DoD for what YOU are doing along with thousands of volunteers
Stop texting stuff u go to PR see what the hell is holding up distributions to real rural areas that can b reach if trump wanted to
As “mayors” stumble? How about the UTTET failure of @FEMA, Brock & #Trump, FFS?! That’s who’s to blame.
Have to give civilian authorities their shot at handling it. Some rise, some fail, some print t-shirts. Then you have no choice 2 save lives
Wrk 2 extend Jones act waiver Years of rebuilding will require access 2 goods PR is in bankruptcy & US shipping will fleece PR during crisis
If PR entrepreneurs act b4 11:59 CT tonight, and go to http://fundraising.mystream.com  and join for free, it will enable many to provide recovery $$
So they finally discovered how disgustingly corrupt PR's government is at all levels??
Dude. You could have been the hero. Corker stole your chance. Now he looks strong. Bye bye 2020
Unfortunately he gets a pention and healthcare for the rest of his life. All politicians are corrupt whoever lines their pocket gets votes.
I lost my family in Aguadilla. You can shove your "relief" efforts
Well it looks like the relief mission is over per @realDonaldTrump, so our thought and prayers are with you, Puerto Rico. How abt a proverb?

Please mister Rubio. SOS Venezuela!
2.5 still without power and FEMA tells the mayor to stop her political noise.
#PuertoRico NEEDS water! Pence blows taxpayer $ for political NFL stunt Mainland Relatives/Voters of PR, remember this.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP
How can you say that she's stumbling when the head of FEMA publicly stated that he and the president just aren't listening to her. Hypocrisy
9 days ago .@realDonaldTrump was supposed to sign the bipartisan bill for extending Russian Sanctions, another thing he failed to respond to
This statement shows why your not President.
You are aware that the  Lady Mayor of San Juan was in Cuba  last week
Trump has nothing to point to in aiding PuertoRico but throwing out paper towels. Never asked to see anything that told the story.

Pence's trip cost approximately $242,500 http://cnn.it/2ySo25Z  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/917345200414035969 …
I said that from day one! No brainer!!!
LIAR

But hey Rubio is weak and will always #TakeAKnee to Trump.

When you need WATER Rubio will make it political.
Increasingly painful to undestand the american people want to help and US Gov does not want to help. WE NEED WATER!  @UN @washingtonpost
It’s so sad when politicians are so corrupt that they let the people starve to make a point. Oh wait, our politicians do that too.
Obviously Puerto Rican's only know how to criticize not help.  That is why Puerto Rico is a dump.
The delay was yours and this poor excuse of a president.  Why do you NEVER criticize him.  You are only "little" if you act little.
Lefist govt fails it's ppl AGAIN & AGAIN
When are you going to grow a spine and speak out about trumps unfitness to lead America?
to please feed the Pto Ricans and at the same time, to allow her and her camaradas to move to Cuba
That took way too long. Our response to this disaster is a disaster.
advantage  to her vacation trip to Cuba, to ask her friends, the Communist Castro Dictator to 2/3
Marco we should look after MAYOR OF San Juan, "Carmencita" as such a loyal Communist, to take 1/3
There are a lot of nonprofits also helping yet we hear very little.  It would be nice to see that .....
UmI think they got the message from you Senator. A certain someone seems to follow your lead on every issue. #RuboLeads
Hey Rubio what happened to 'Everything is great' boss and 'everything is great' FEMA Chief - guess they were absent!!!
Mike Tobin & others standing in Puerto Rico in daylight and there is Not One Person Out Cleaning up debris ..PPL Did it in Texas for each other..My Neighbors & I did it in Florida..Look at what PPL did for each other in Vegas..DOD has to do San Juan?
Bot.
I've been reading & watching - there is NO DOUBT you called this one right @marcorubio - the first one to do so!! #PuertoRicoRelief
GREAT News!!
"It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center"  http://cnn.com/2017/10/08/pol … #TrumpResign
Shut up Marco. You're embarrassing yourself.
Appreciate your hard work
& voice for #PuertoRicoRelief 
TY 4 staying the course
Millions R counting on Ur Ldrship
12 days ago said @DeptofDefense must take over @PuertoRicoRelief appears they have finally reached same conclusion http://www.miamiherald.com/news/weather/hurricane/article177771811.html …
I agree with you. I have criticized you in many letters, but I applaud you in this. Keep leading and helping Puerto Rico.
请求给我Greencard
yes
@MiamiHeraldLive      yes we need
Head stared and day care.
Don’t forget to add your taking away healthcare for kids, conniving to kill ACA, Medicaid, Social Security for tax cuts for 1%
did u tel kkktrump
Any response to Corker's statements?
And for crying out loud,  please don't allow any legislator to praise this guy with all he has done to make it hell for Puerto Rican's
Trump delayed this.  He is responsible if people die because of it.
What about some Gun Control , oh I forgot bought and paid for #NRA
Hmm  Appears that way. #RubioKnowsBest
When your GOP administration has actively dismantled every federal office like FEMA and bloated the military, what a disastrous failure.
I see a lot of ungrateful posts. Sad!
But Trump said last week everything was fine.... nothing a roll of paper towels wouldn't fix.
About time! The question is HOW MUCH?
AMEN. THANK YOU AND HIM for the TOWEL PAPER
You HJAVE my name address, phone number, email...IF you have a problem with my comment. DM me, I'll tell you who I am
y mas q los comunistas estan atentando contra la recuperacion para crear odio
PR is facing a total collapse its municipal govts.If the US military answer is to assigned 10-15 soldiers in each town.Why can't they do it?
My friends in PR tell me things are not getting better! Will you please go  to PR and find out if Trump is telling us the truth...PLEASE
Seems they are very corrupt there.  How could the residents not fight back against the power co and Cruz?
Senator, this speaks to the "level" of executive leadership does not exist in PR. Meaning, non Puerto Rican spanish speaking leaders can.
Impeach trump. He is an embarrassment and a distraction.
But your president insists he is doing a great job in PR.
Too much corruption in PR. Help and relief need to be distributed to those that need it. YAy, DoD!
Well, you jelly fish, be vocal on this crap. TRUMP has owned your ass for 9 months. Take a stand on something or you fall for everything.
Trump late as usual, but Little Marco won’t stand up to him
This is not surprising. There are always criminals wanting to profit.
Don’t let a single cent be handled by PR “politicians”, might as well flush it down the toilet.
Maybe if your bbf didn't waste taxpayers $, the relief efforts would does up?
Marco knows.  So smart.
You also jerked yourself raw over the Jones Act when it wouldn’t have helped
“Finally” is the issue sir

What the heck was Hillary talking about on Fallon the other night when she said Puerto Rico was forgotten?? #WeDodgedABullet
Praying for Puerto Rico
How many have to die in PR before the US  takes real action to help the island?  Stop listening to the mentally ill President !
Please Senator ! Help us. My island needs help
Change your government! DEMORATS  are bad news. Communist like the mayor worse.
@realDonaldTrump Is this the sign of all that you have done for Puerto Rico?
Their power grid needs to be restored ASAP. Please do what you can to help
It was obvious they couldn't depend on @realDonaldTrump Noone can F things up as well as DOTARD
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Think that will help that country and fix the major problems. They will shut the mayor of San Juan' s mouth up too! Sorry she has no Idea.
She wants everything free (Oh wait the democrats want that too) go figure we will help our country  (PR)
So what you’re saying is you’d have been a better Prez, by 12 days, than Trump? Only 12 Rubio? Selling yourself short
And you must fight for great healthcare for all of them and the rest of us!
They have to go through the process
Government’s role is to come to the defense of citizens. This administration has failed Its obligation to citizens of PR.  Shame!
Another Bot
Bet this good news update on American response to PR disaster won’t be reported on MSM!
Pathological liar and Bible liar
Marco what are your sources for this ? I really think you need to go there and see for yourself. When is your next town hall ?
He DID go there and DID see for himself.
I love how the citizens think they can pull strings & tell the puppet how 2 do their job Curtis u won't b happy until you're sure-go urself
Water is needed for http://drinking.cooking .flushing toilet.bathing.washing clothes. Meds needed. Statesiders don't get it.
I wasn’t in PR for this one, but how long did it took local gov to clean the runways? I remember Hugo & George took months to clean up
When government bureaucracy gets in their own way, send in people who understand the mission.
Why would anyone believe that Puerto Rico’s elected official’s that have bankrupted the Country could handle a crisis?
FEMA can't do it, then?
Trumps fault. Golfing is more important than people of a different colour. He would rather see them suffer and did.
It is interesting that was not required in Texas & Florida...
Why is that?
Infrastructure
So same area & population as Tampa Bay metro area, also hit by hurricane...
One has to wonder why the infrastructure is so bad. Thoughts?
No wondering needed, island is poor, is not at state and as a territory cannot restructure its debt. Tampa Bay was not hit by a cat 5.
THE MILITARY IS GREAT AT THESE TYPES OF HUMANITARIAN EFFORTS. TURN THEM LOOSE AND GIVE THEM ALL RESOURCES THEY NEED.
Thanks for your leadership Sen! Important to convince fellow appropriators to go to #PuertoRico and see, then pass relief AND recovery bill!
The GOP, Trump/Pence should return all of the NFL owners donations since they are so disturbed about the players kneeling at the anthem?
OK, MY Senator.  Do u offer any credit at all to the executive branch for this?
Y exec busy golfing & throwng paprtowls DOD hve boots on grnd & no that instead of 10k it should hve been more & quicker responding 2 news
I wish you would hurry up and #Impeach45 time to check the ethics! Monday sounds good
So you're ok with a TWELVE day delay?
Your buddy Trump didn't respond like he should have. What do you have to say about that. Sad
It's about time that the @GOP & the overpaid @DeptofDefense starts to do their jobs.
12 days....absurd.
Oh you are so smart! Don’t break your arm patting your back.
Oh Marco... 

88% w/o power
44% w/o water 
56% w/o phone service 
42% of banks closed
And that was before the storm.
And today @VP and @POTUS wasted no less than $250,000 for a publicity stunt when that money should have gone to Puerto Rico. #DonnyDayCare


Why should Dump give any fucks about Puerto Rico? It doesn't matter how low his approval rating is. He can just play golf cuz he is POTUS.
Lil Narco has bigger balls than Dotard.
The content is right, but the headline blaming it on the mayors not FEMA as the description inside shows?  Throwing Trump political peanuts.
BULLSHIT, THAT STORM FLATTENED THEM LIKE A PANCAKE. THEY WERE FUCKUPS TO START WITH. THEY HAD VERY BAD LEADERS NEARLY ALL DEMOCRATS.
I THINK AHOLE? http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59cfd879e4b05f005d348cd2 …
A little late but better than never.
