Senator is that a threat? Whats wrong with a country deciding, as a foreign policy, not to interfere in other countries internal affairs?
As a Floridian, Dominican/American I dont appreciate my senator threaten any country cuz of their sovereign foreign policy not to interfere.
Tu país es un nido y alcahuete de narco corruptos .
Plus, Dominican Republic has been governed by the same party for the past 16+ years and is really closed to become into another Venezuela.
Your so right it's a shame so much corruption and out of control , so much financial help is given and it's abused by the same corrupt group
Aqui no hay canciller es un titere
I support it because RD is ruled by a gang of thieves and corrupt and help does not reach the village
The Ousted Puerto Rico @ppdpr  (a party w commie roots) favors Nicolas Maduro.
Former Governors Sila Calderon & AG Padilla, loved H Chavez.
Venezuelans thank you for your support! Will the rest of the world continue to look the other way while Maduros regime continue to kill us?
The United States of America will stand for freedom and capitalism everywhere...Mark our word
@DaniloMedina took corrupt money from @OdebrechtSA to get elected and protects others that did too
Unfortunately, the Salvadorean government votes in line with interests of their own political party and not interests of an entire nation
This is so true. Must be true as well for Haiti and Dominican Republic. Many Latin American countries for that matter. 
Only a few people can be in favour of repressive and totalitarian governments. People that live and are benefited from them
Dominican Republic doesn't support Nicolas Maduro nor any other murderer.  maybe Our Minister of Foreign Affairs does! @marcorubio
Pure bullshit, your Cuba is who really support Maduro, you have to be crazy to be mixing DR with this case, you have to be more respectful!
The time has come to end all the corrupt governments of Latinoamerica. #RDMarcha
How about Bolivia, Ecuador, Nicaragua, El Salvador?
A pero es a la mala
Thank you Sr.@marcorubio - Estos países "Vampiros" solo les importan los Petro$$$ y no los derechos humanos o sufrimiento de los Vzlanos.
God forbid a sovereign country have its own foreign policy independent of the US... hands off, yanqui
Under US President Hussein,  Venezuela  became a Maduro dictatorship. Cuba got rewarded open relations & end to wet/dry foot policy.
I was born and raised in the Dominican Republic and I am 1000% with you. I don't understand how they can support Maduro.
hipócrita
@DaniloMedina has no clue what he's doing we need 2 elect a new president in 2020 @realDonaldTrump

I encourage u 2 persuade ur government on releasing information about corruption of dominican gov officials so we can get rid sooner of them
The salvadoran governmet position at OAS it is NOT the salvadoran people position.we want a democratic gov in Venezuela
We Venezuelans know that Faustino. It was the shameful gov, not the people of El Salvador.
Gracias
Wrong doers prey on the indulgence of the right ones. Some countries support to the Venezuelan dictatorship should not go unnoticed to US
umhhh. for a fact all of yah Cubans Hate Dominicans so i understand why you are making this Venezuela issue your problem
Quizás little @marcorubio  no sabe de los problemas económicos exactamente igual a los de #Cuba que tiene la provincia de #Miami * quizás
Thaks senator we really need your help. We have only 35 days to avoid becoming another Cuba. Please more pressure over the dictator.
I'm Dominican and I don't support Maduros. FREEDOM for people in Venezuela
Senador rubio castigue también a esas naciones que le dan soporte a el asesino de Nicolás Masburro
go down with a belt and spank Donald Trump's ass for just like the childhood is
like Cosby guilty that was just get down he couldn't get his nut off on less than b****** was knock
y'all know he was messing with them 9 and 15 year old girls and probably molested them little boys
yo make $250,000 a year maybe $350,000 a year and you want to cut Medicare come on people
to protect the evening fast man like Donald Trump come on y'all y'all see that he's incompetent
as he said Little Marco where are y'all wives I wouldn't let my husband make an ass out of yourself
how could men allow one man to make you lose your pride your dignity your principals come on wake u
wake up America there's going to be 5 Congressman five Senators left when America wake up and remo
Marco, in your list I noticed that Cuba, your Motherland, us missing. Why?
You can't be friend and foe at the same time. Dominican Republic chose to support murderous dictator Nicolas Maduro for some cheap oil.
El Salvador in the 80's. For what? To roll back Communist influence under Reagan?
What caused the last astromical wave of immigration into the USA? Intervention in civil wars in Guatemala, Nicaragua and
American interventionist policies, coupled with the ignorance of our representatives, is what causes immigration into the USA.
You support a Racist, Fascist Trump, a greedy pervert who will destroy America. You need to run in Cuba because that is all you care about
Now the next meeting in The United nations will fail as well as you know Mr Guterres is very close Maduro Friend.
USA does not have influence anymore , example how it is possible still in 2017 the Castro dictatorship have more influence than USA.
Why USA did not punish long time ago those countries supporting Maduro s directorship. Why secretary of state cancelled Cancun meeting.
Really hope you're talking about our CORRUPTED gov in DR, because the people here HATE whats happening in VE. So address your comment proper
Castigo a los traidores del pueblo venezolano! Abajo #NicolasMaduroAsesino
Oh oh
@FernandoAmandi @NicolasMaduro @OAS_official  It is a crime what these countries did!  Every day new young kids killed.  Enough!

Me llega email de San Vicente y las Granadinas que me dice que Maduro no compró el voto en la OEA, sino prácticamente todo el país. ¿Verdad? 
Salvadoran foreign minister says El Salvadoran support of us enemies is no problem to us Salvadoran relations
The Oil my friend the Oil.
Correct Marco this people on the El Salvador Gobernament don't care about poor people on TPS on the us ? They are the new Rich class here
Ojalá los estados pudieran decidir sus acciones en base a sus convicciones y no en base a sus intereses.
Why don't you do something  about Venezuela and  leave those  little contries alone.
Ted get over it! You know the new Trump care is a total wreck and inhuman to the American people!!!
Thank you so much. Venezuela needs people and help from people like you. We need help in action right now. Thanks
They deserve it, poor countries in all senses. Venezuela will recover and we will always remember who are  our  friends and enemies.
If the US had any knowledge & interest in Venezuela, it would have anticipated how those countries would vote and negotiated in advance.
@SaulAcevedo @NicolasMaduro @OAS_official
This countries are supporting a TERRORITS AND  NARCO GOVERNMENT, I am wondering if they are  friends or partners in crime?
Como es posible que un Cubano sea parte de los militares del pais
Porque no pueden parar a Maduro ni su quiera podemos protestar porque nos dejan solo Venezuela es un peligro con este gobierno
Cada país es soberano y decide quién apoyar.
Nobody has a crystal ball.  Voting "no" to AHCA may save your political career.
Republicans conspiring to kill 28,000 Democrat Americans
You could not even win the primary elections in your state vs Trump. Why dont you focus on that.
#SOSVENEZUELA 
Y de paso #INVADIDOS de CUBANOS y BOLIVIANOS reprimiendo y asesinando a Venezolanos, Dentro de PNB y GN
Esas declaraciones me preocupan porque huelen a Guerra Fria y pudieran empujar a esos paises a buscar apoyo en los enemigos ricos de USA
De donde vamos a Buscar? Nada más con bloquearnos la Remesas se va este país a pique.
ya edo no es problema exite paypal y los bitcoin
Y Crees q USA no puede regular eso? Seamos más realistas!
no eso no y es imposible controlar los bitcoin de hecho esta asuntado por el cresimiento que a tenido la moneda electrica
Todo es medible y rastreable, sólo deben crear legislaciones en ese sentido hermano.
En esta coyuntura a RD no le conviene entrar en conflicto con USA por defender al Locaso de Maduro.
This why you lost the election
Dominican Republic does not support maduro, President Danilo Medina and @PLDenlinea  support maduro.
Rubio is one of the biggest cowards in congress, ignorance at his core and cruelty in his heart, I'm embarrassed for his family! #ConArtist

We know that the people and the governments are 2 different things. My Dominican friends are furious and ashamed of this vote.
Mr. Rubio, you know if you vote to cut $880 billion from Medicare, people will die and you will be responsible for their deaths. Vote No!
Again? The US has already tried its best to subjugate and colonise these countries with military force. What chance do your words stand? Lol

@marcorubio Leopoldo is being torture in prison. There is proof of that in a video. Leopoldo is screaming for help! Please please help
Stay out of South American politics. We don't need you. Focus on the many problems your own country is facing. No te metas donde no debes.
VENEZUELA SOS 2017
VENEZUELA isn't about politics, is a about the CUBAN INVADERS & THE INTERNATIONAL DRUG CARTELS.
Your  support @marcorubio for U.S sanctions against Venezuela is appreciated. Thank you!
Latinamerica first!
Please don't punish Salvadorans because of the opinions of that corrupt government.
Believe me, most of us don't agree with our incompetent government. This is unfortunate and embarrassing.
Muchas gracias x defender la verdad, la libertad y democracia. Venezuela no olvidara a los q se mantuvieron firmes ante tanto despotismo

You are really beginning to get on my nerves
All the small islands must be sanctioned too
Stop the killing in Venezuela
Great job marco. The cuban influence is expanding to south america. They have to be stop before the whole continet become communist
Thank God you are not like this  @JeffSesions . Thank you for your support @marcorubio
Heck yeahhhh!!!!
Just like we got placed with trump salvadoreans have the govt even threatening them if they vote. It isn't fair to group everyone together.
Who are you? No one loser
The inmigration policy does not depend on the words of a "person", the TPS depends on inmigration policy of Trump
Stop buying oil to Venezuela and confiscate Citgo and the government will fall the next day, hypocrite!!!!
Why did the gov of Nicolas Maduro donate money to Trump's campaign? What about goldman Sachs buying bonds from same gov? Where's US ethics
You make it sound as if you alone make the decision why don't u worry about Cuba & USA relatns Oh!,ur Cuban bckgrnd means nothing typical
Son unos hijo e putas bendidos!!!!!
Where do u stand on healthcare bill. We'd like to know how u r going to vote.  Hope you vote against it.
Topelos Senador Rubio al gobierno del FMLN, toda la poblacio Dciudadanos honrado salvadoreños estamos en contra dMaduro y del FMLN TOPELOS!
Lo que deberían hacer es quitarle el dolar a #elsalvador para dejarles que usen el bolivar venezolano!!

@marcorubio Estos países tienen sus manos manchadas de la sangre q se ha derramado en las calles d Venezuela en nuestro intento d liberarnos 
Lo que no me explico es como su País defiende los Derechos Humanos en otros Continentes mientras que en el nuestro no hacen nada.
Go Marco, Go!!!!
S.O.S VENEZUELA!!!!
Hahaha don't make me laugh @marcorubio , @POTUS won't do anything.
Thank you for your support Senator Rubio
Senador SOS VENEZUELA!!!
#SOSVenezuela
Parar los crímenes de Maduro y secuaces
Issuing threats to other countries but failing to solve domestic issues .
You just described all of the USA's adversaries.
That impact must take effect at USA gob immediately...Is a challenge for USA and a shame to rest of the continent... #VenezuelaLibre
I don't know why they're supporting that idiot #SOSVenezuela
Thx u 4 supporting the Vzlan ppl. Come by flying biscuit in midtown next time u r in ATL, GA #freevenezuela
Let there be no doubt....your support for @POTUS will kill your political career
Choosing to be #OnTheWrongSideofHistory&Liberty should be of great concern for their own citizens
Time goes by and Venezuela keeps sinking in the swamp of communism and drug trafficking, just a stone throw distance  from the US.
See to believe @marcorubio but I sure hope so. One day justice will come to those corrupt politicians playing to Maduro's dictatorship
They are shit eater countries with criminal leftists as leaders... expel there ambassador
Y los pendejos se reían
you forgot to mention your comunist country cuva,it's in the same groupsi vas apuntar tu dedo acia esos paises no olvides el tuyo tanbien
Thank you Marco!!! Hit them hard. Those countries are inmoral by supporting this horrible genocide. Thanks again #Venezuela
This is no good. El Salvador government must change its way of directing the country and stop supporting dictators and dictatorships.
There should be sanctions against these countries that support @NicolasMaduro dictatorship! Btw, they just killed an inocent 22 years old
@ericmetaxas wrote a book about Dietrich Bohnhoeffer.  In Germany, the resistance was underground.
Please Marc I was rooting for you to beat trump now is the time to stand up for the American people and vote NO for the new healthcare
Thanks you ! Senador
You have forgotten of your backyard allies and instead focused your agenda on dramatics and false promises
si no lo entienden rojos se los tradusco
It is a bad move to say something like that. CARICOM stand up for Venezuela too! So?
It is a lot of nonsense statements here. US doesn't have friends nor give anything for free. It is all about Venezuela's oil
Oh, geez. Stop it with that already. It's not about oil. It's about oil, for Communist Cuba, which you love.
I am more concerned with the impact that Trump is having.
True, but in the case of El Salvador 85% of the population is against the official position of the Salvadoran Government! @cancilleriasv 
That's not true¡ Salvadorean Gov have the support of a honest population and against opposition corrupted as ARENA, who support MS/18 gangs.
Ay si ay si les vamos a deportar los 190 mil del TPS, nos vale, les queda otro millón más !
Let be clear that those Bastards, useles worthless individuals  that do, do not represent the people of El Salvador
Amazing how we can be so stupid in El Salvador
Son asesinos también por cómplices
The problem is that the party in seat, FMLN, has too many shady businesses with the Chavez regime. They can't afford to go against them.
Estos países acaso no son soberanos y libres de elegir a quién apoyar o no? Lo suyo si suena a amenaza del imperio
Senador Gracias.
Chantaje
help me,SOS for VENEZUELA
You are bully, Mr. Rubio. No better than Maduro and all the other idiots that try to control people through fear. Disgusting.
Not as much as your friend the president will impact it.
While government kill our people these countries support a dictator
As if they cared!
We don't care if you got double face politics you should focus in you country   no my country hgp
They are putting their interests first much in the same way the U.S. is putting its interest first.
Have you seen the Protesters in the halls?  They represent ALL AMEEICANS your Bill is going to hurt.  You can't be THAT heartless.
