I am referring to yourself African or your African cause
Prayers are great on your own time.  In the role of Senator your prayers mean nothing.  Stop stroking Trumps ego & do something for the US
Agree. It's their rote comment when something happens in world, that they won't personally touch w/ten foot pole. Same w/his venezuela tweet
They don't secure their borders, what do you expect.
Hope Le Pen wins and kicks these muslims out of their country. No one wants to travel there any more. Liberals have ruined this country too.
more people are injured every year by toilets, will you stand united against the war on toilets? #clownrubio
When are you holding a town hall Senator? Why won't you meet in person with a constituent who asks for an appointment? Are you NOT
French fresco. The French want regain their ties with Russia, restore the alliance
There are lots of generous people in America but there are also a lot of people who are barely making it from week to week
Spend your money if you want to help those people in need or do fundraiser don't Force us tired of politicians volunteering our tax dollars
stop creating more wars!
The times of our government forcing us to give this and give that aredone Marco just start a go fund me page so people who can't afford will
Oh and by the way we're trying to get the deficit down so quit trying to spend money on other countries problems spend your money
Trying to get other senators to text all Americans for your cause like I said spend your money have fundraisers Don't FORCE Americans to pay
You know #terrorism is linked to #climatechange - right? Did you read this? http://archive.defense.gov/pubs/150724-congressional-report-on-national-implications-of-climate-change.pdf?source=govdelivery …

 #NationalSecurity #refugees
And a few more Americans got their head out of their ass and it would be nice if you would start speaking up mr. Rubio help mr. Trump
Yes we do stand against terrorism with them but it sure would be nice if a few more the French people got their head out of their ass
The Lord Jesus can only save this country.more prayers for our president
Hate creates hate. The only one creating terrorists are closed minded bigoted people like you and Anglos around the world
willing to meet one on one with one of your constituents?  I want to know who you are serving senator and I asked for an appointment!
Don't worry, that was BLOTUS Trumps day one priority.. oh, we're still waiting 91 days later!
yes, we kept them from having to speak German.
I wish you were our POTUS Rubio
How about POLICY for the American People and save your prayers
America we are the Only Country strong enough to Stop this Insanity! The World needs our Help! No more #Terrorism No more #ISIS!
Also let's pray for Venezuela 
Vive Le Pen
How's the Russia interference investigation going?
Marco you are #1. We need to help out d Venezuelans that terrorizing its families and hv a  law for being persecuted and help them enter USA
...Venezuela...
We'll see how united we are after the election. If Le Penn wins, we are united. If she doesn't, France has decided they want terrorism.
Every time this happens it's "my thoughts & prayers" b/s. What are your 'thoughts' & 'prayers'?; to send 60 missiles, a MOAB?
Can you teach #POTUS how to tweet
How about a town hall with your constituents? You can go to WH for dinner with Crooked Donnie but can't meet with us. Get a real job slacker

@SenRubioPress  sps en Venezuela
sos
http://apple.co/2nHgbDO  #Vertigo2017 #Scandal #EarthDaySongs #PowerCoupleBrasil
#sosvenezuela
You should be our next President Marco!!!!!
We need to make sure that we protect those who are vulnerable to these type of attacks.  Acceptance and tolerance are key.
Great Marco. But 2 cops died in Seattle today. But not terrorism so they don't count.  Just regular robbery
10 mil nombres en la lista de sospechosos jihadistas en Francia, según un entrevistado por Dana Perino hoy. Van a sobrar las condolencias.
Shut up little Marco. First apologize for ur vote against pland prnthood for ur war on American women a Cuban dictator has more decency
Our world has always been in some sort of chaos. But it is extreme right now. Prayers go out to all victims & those suffering from terrorism
I pray for the hate that is felt in some of these comments will subside and we will come united in these times of turmoil . Open your heart
Stop praying 4 every1 around the world & come pray with us in your Town Hall Meeting. If you are ever going 2 have one. We need 2 talk 2 u
Maybe turn your prayers into actions...that could actually make a difference.
We do? Why are we arming isis and Al qaeda in syria.
Yes, and pray it doesn't come here or anywhere else.
Your prayers are nothing we don't believe politicians that sell their soul to the devil
Thank you but French don't believe in prayers!! French are 70% NO-BELIEVERS! Religion generates terrorists!!! #ParisShooting #ParisAttack
.@marcorubio did you use fake ss# to become US Citizen?
Je suis Paris! 



Why don't prayers go out when Americans kill each other everyday with guns. You even give guns to terrorists. Your prayers mean nothing!
cheap words
Did France say it was a terror attack or is that  your conclusion?
Not true. Liberals appear to be just fine with terror attacks. Look at the Antifa terrorists in US!
Your thoughts and prayers are meaningless.
How about the American judicial system in crisis ?
Sessions is an idiot.
Impeach Trump NOW ! ! !
And yet you vote with the NRA
Politician makes Bullshit statement to try and look good! And doesn't mean it!
United apart from your ex-president Obama who supports #Macron
Save it traitor
It's ridiculous to be sending Thoughts and prayers, how can you fight against Isis when you've invite them.Time for Paris to fight for Paris
Only if they vote for MLP.
You should unfortunately save this tweet as a draft. Terror attacks are happening every day.
Vic le pen
Whether you like this guy or not this was a well intentioned tweet to a horrible situation..
Omg really you guys are at it here? These are innocent people . Have some respect for victims and their families.
We been killing em in their homeland for years. No need to act surprised when they bring the fight to our homelands.
Well said.. This has to be stopped ...
At some point it has to change from we stand with you to we fight with you.
you're my boy Marco!!!!!
Marquito. Venezuelans are being murdered by Maduro please do something please
And how do you feel about the thousands of American's who will die without access to care afforded by Title X?
This is just another platitude from an establishment politician. We need strong action on a sustained basis.
What did you have to Say about #VENEZUELA .  The whole Country its been under terrorisms.
That said, we all mourn for the victims of all senseless acts of violence.
thank you sir
Your thoughts should be in our brothers in Venezuela. They are losing lives every day. Do something
Like u really care. Please spare us the fake sympathy.  If you care challenge the idiocy of @realDonaldTrump
fund our wall foam boy! Get your sorry ass to work for the PEOPLE and not your minders
Prayers from Illinois. So very sad
United to fight with France against terrorism...When does that begin?
tried to call your office re Exxon & Russia & sanctions. No answer. What gives?
QUE DIOS Y LA SANTÍSIMA NOS ALUMBRE 
EL CAMINO ORAR HABLAR CON DIOS
ES TAN PODEROSO
EL DOMINGO ES DÍA DE JESÚS DE LA
MISERICORDIA IR A MISA
But does the GOP stand united against Putin's latest puppet- LePen? Evidently not.
Was Le Pen behind this attack?
If any politician said 'It's to rid the US of of muslims' then you would have something to say. Your lil words mean nothing
No. Because Putin isn't controlling them. You'd think he'd support weak people who do what he says. LePen and Trump are NOT weak.
#Venezuela #SOS #dictator
Did you express sympathies for Quebec's mosque shooting victims? Just asking, can't remember!
As you hide under your bed while you terrorize the American people
This is senseless and tragic murder, Senator. God bless you. And God bless France!  
Drumpf received 500k from Venezuelan Maduro. That's why you're silent today. Diversion.
This stuff has been going on in France for decades. Funny how it fits the American narrative when politicians see fit. #foolaid
My prayers are with the departed....
No we don't. France contributes to Jihad by not assimilating.
Please turn your thoughts and prayers to the victims of your refusal to meet with your constituents.
Thoughts on the people killed in #venezuela?
Well it's time the world unite to get rid of terrorism at any cost this has to start every day it's worse we need fight them any way it take
YOU encouraged this shit by helping Barack & Hillary create the refugee crisis &force it on the Western world.  Quit praying and own it!
Don't quit praying. We need to stop this and if any one will the POTUS has the guys to
Well said!
Don't you care about your own country?
Now if France would just put forth an effort...

Thank you very much Mister Rubio, your words touch the capital of the world. God bless you
It's nice to see a politician with true, sincere and compassionate feelings that cares for others more than self; way to go Marco.!!!!!!!(7)
And Venezuela?
And the Venezuelan??
asi es ya hay q acabar con el terrorismo senador ,,,,
Time to support #PresidentTrump Stop playing political games with these Socialists and terrorist.
How many thoughts and prayers will actually agree with "safety" policies in Congress. Prosperity / free stuff mean nothing if we aren't safe
thoughts and prayers are both a waste of time. Didn't you retire already? #sad
Please, dont forget venezuela, colombia and ecuador
Venezuela is under attack and people die everyday... Human rights violated everyday! We need help!!! #SosVenezuela
Hoping Americans there are feeling our good wishes, as it is bound to be frightening.
Please insist in Venezuelan situación, we feel alone an without any defense or protection. Our inocent people is dying too
Russia strikes again
There is no god
@realDonaldTrump hasn't done anything lately so you have time off from bowing to him. Doesn't he have you on cleanup duty at Mar a lago
Amen brother!
Yeah your thoughts n prayers do a lot of nothing @senmarcorobotio
You say Nothing on venezuela lately. Wrong time to not say anything on what's going on

The legacy of #Venezuela’s @NicolasMaduro: economic catastrophe; illegitimate power grabs; arresting, torturing & murdering protesters. https://twitter.com/MiamiHerald/status/854708486382505984 …
Thank you for not promoting @Amgen 's 21B @IRSnews Evasion ; 25B @SEC_News &ERISA Fraud ; 1T .@Medicare.gov fraud & MURDER by ESA 
I wanted you to be our president
Those prayers are really making a difference.
That's nice, but we need to eradicate all of the Muslim brotherhood, it is only going to get worse
Prayers 
Always
Well said sir.
how many of these same exact posts do we need to see before we do something different to prevent this crap/wipe it off the globe
That's great but what about. Venezuela?   Maduro is the worst terrorist on the planet

The legacy of #Venezuela’s @NicolasMaduro: economic catastrophe; illegitimate power grabs; arresting, torturing & murdering protesters. https://twitter.com/MiamiHerald/status/854708486382505984 …
We only care about capitalist states. Socialist/ communist states don't matter cause they don't work.
Please no James Taylor... Thank you... All Americans
It's such a big loss.May GOD bless them all with the most special place of heaven.Amen!
Think Is Time To Do More Mr Rubio
Start at home. #Trumprussia
Little Marco. Go away
Oh no!!! What? 
