1. She was talking about representation she recognized while looking across congress so your photo of a ‘then’ governor isn’t applicable.
2. While inartful & generalizing, her comments aren’t far of the mark when looking at these 2017 #s which represent most diverse congress.

3. Study by 538 has shown that House GOP is getting less diverse. https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/house-democrats-are-getting-more-diverse-republicans-arent/ …
4. I hope you’re as willing to critique statements and accuracy of claims by our President.
You see color here. I see people rejecting bigger govt, & constant erosion of constitutional rights. Americans are rejecting the left.
Wow funny,I thought you were describing the current GOP as they have been trampling all over the Constitution lately & trying to control more rather than less. Not like the GOP of the past.
Can you name one thing the GOP is doing to control YOU?
Wowwwww. Three non white people. #Groundbreaking
Don't be dismissive of diversity just bc Michelle said something stupid. She knows better. Should thought a little before that remark.
It’s not stupid. It’s true.Congress is way too white on both sides but definitely the republican side
I don't doubt she thinks everything is too white. Doesn't make it true.
Everything is too white. White people suck
Especially old conservative white ones
If it wasnt for whites, the world would still be in the stone age. No cars, phones, modern medicine, airplanes, tvs and everything else.
If it wasn’t for white people we would have a competent president in the White House, Nazis wouldn’t feel empowered to march in the streets
Nope, Repubs are all white. You don’t have a say or think for yourself the white majority does it for you. We aren’t morons Marco we see.
That’s funny! Repubs are cutting everything they can from any group not white, but that’s DEMS fault? 
You’re okay w/confederate flags, and KKK marching in US cities with the GOP? Got it!  I’m proud to be everything conservatives hate! 
One black man one Cuban very diverse
Listen to MLK: character is what matters not color of skin. If Racists are those who continue to talk and divide us by skin color
DUDE YOU STILL KISSING THE GOOD OLE  BOOTY? DO YOU SEE WHAT THEY'RE DOING TO PEOPLE LOOK LIKE YOU IN PUERTO RICO? YOU'LL NEVER BE 1 OF THEM!
Wow, u picked the 3 ppl in ur party besides doofus HUD man that are of color. If you can't see ur party is lily white, something is wrong.
Margaret--Doofus" HUD guy?--hilarious. Benjamin Carson: Harvard grad/world-renowned Pediatric Neurosurgeon. Who the heck are you???
Your token woman and black man @marcorubio have several seats
The problem is so many people in the GOP rejected this. They want someone like Trump who speaks ill about Mexicans and other minority groups
I suppose you never speak ill of bad people?
No, Corrie, the problem is that you aren't very smart. Everyone knows that Rubio's parents are Cuban immigrants.
Another example: ware?
GOP showcases any minorities they have and promote them as spokespeople. But you know you are 98% white men.  Look at any group pictures.
there's more diversity at the dinner table in most homes than in the non-conformist uniformity of PCBS!!
@MichelleObama the @GOPChairwoman @joniernst @MarshaBlackburn @BetsyDeVosED @IvankaTrump & many more are tired of your division
Dems put up old whites for their Presidential Canidates vs the diversity of the GOPs last Presidential election cycle
For someone who loves to post allegory and symbolism from the Bible, you sure have a hard time picking up intent. 90% male, 95% white.
Show a picture of the ones that are actually allowed to make decisions, you know like Trump Care.  Where was the diversity then?
Your statement doesn't even make sense.Just because you can type some characters, doesn't mean you should.At least have some knowledge first
Pipe down Little Marco. We know what ur fellow GOP think of guys like you. "He's a good one."

Honestly, have you ever seen such dividers and race baitors in your life?? They are ruining our nation with their divisiveness! 
You go Marco!
Yes, I know how much the GOP values diversity when I look back at the healthcare working group.
Oh Yes, you can say that again-& perfect picture! #FollowingSenatorRubio
November 17, 2016 - 06:00 AM EST
115th Congress will be most racially diverse in history- get educated published from 'The Hill'
This Governor is correct
guess what? They were voted in- what does that say- all color is beautiful
Wonderful reply.. Glad your in there fighting!  I see a war coming, don't you?
Way to go, Senator!!  A picture worth a thousand words...
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT ON RUBIO!!!!  She probably believes the words coming out of her mouth.
Shut up, dude. You’re a coward who can’t stand up to Trump
She is just a racist and that is the problem
 dream team ! All of y’all are fantastic !
Great response Marco.   She is an idiot  if she can only see white men in our multicultural GOP
Why? Little Marco, aren’t you a wannabe?
Call her out
The Obama's are still trying to play the RACE CARD and cause RACIAL DISCORD by playing IDENTITY POLITICS !!
good job
And who's that white guy to your right? You should have brought him into your conversation and made it complete with all races.
Michelle Obama is a racist of all racists.  Her behavior and words are despicable. She should just disappear as should Hillary!
swish and score.
Why rephrase? She is not wrong.
A picture says it all!
@MichelleObama @RNCLatinos @GOPChairwoman I am Proud Hispanic American Conservative Republican. Ur statement is wrong. #GOPDiversity
Republicans are 99% white male. @MichelleObama
After 8 yrs of Obama's BS, & all his Deep State appointees placed in career-service positions, we can't trust our government!
Look at you, finding the only 3 minorities in the party. I remember Trump mocking u daily, "Little Marco.
No one like a kiss ass
All I know is that I'm not a man,  I'm not white but I am Republican.
Sounds racist & sexist to me. 
Do we all look alike to you @MichelleObama?
Yup -- I am not a white man and I am a republican.  Honestly I think all of the fascism is on the left.  Starting with Michelle Obama.
I thought Muslim women wore burqas(silencers).
Poor Marco-cito, so humiliated by trump. That debate was priceless. Most Floridians despise him.
we here  N #SC  love @SenatorTimScott &  R extremely proud of our former Governor,  now @AmbNikkiHaley!! They've done SC proud!
Michelle obviously is blind! India woman, Black man, Cuban man and one white man..3 out of 4 is not bad!
Senate Chairs: 16...16 white, 15 are men, 10 older than 70, TWO 60 or younger. Lemme rephrase that...ALL OLD WHITE MEN.

#CherryPic  #LOSER
Luv it!! Thank you!
Praying that Someday This #DreamTeam will be in the WhiteHouse! @marcorubio @nikkihaley
Amen!
No. Republicans are all old white men and trailer trash. Trailer trash comes in many colors.
As a former flotus
She’s out of touch 
She’s unlike other FLOTUS which are stay CLASSY & QUITE 
and give others A CHANCE TO GOVERN
No.....it's what she means.
Is she more racist or more ignorant? Hard to tell.
How stupid do you think we are? Democrats have 3x as many women in congress and 6x more minorities. Take your stupid photo and stuff it.
But still not nearly enough...
Really would like to see those green , blue and purple people , haven't seen them yet
How far did you have to dig for that photo ?
You know darn well that the GOP is the party of white male
Probably a good time to face your constituents. 12 letters, 6 emails to your office in the last 3 weeks and 0 replies. Who do you work for?
It should read "people don't trust Republicans because they keep on supporting dangerous morons like Donald Trump and Roy Moore"
The Republican trio of color — all cut from the same cloth.
look around- you should be smart enough to realize what she was talking about
I remember when Republicans understood nuance. Wait, no. No I don't.
You 3 are bigger minorities in the Republican Party than you are in the US population, tokens blending in to the surrounding white wallpaper
perfect response. All they've ever had are old white farts. Obamas are continuing to dig the divisive trench wider & wider. Sad.
Marco, you think there's diversity in your party because they let you into the Capitol Hill cafeteria? Her statements are accurate.
Now feel free to show that spaghetti backbone to refute the words of Mitch McConnell ANYTIME. #Florida knows you're a coward.
Probly a good time to quote @SenMajLdr :
I am proud to be from SC!
Bravo
@ nan_nanmeade
I guess a 31 year-old Latino GOP member is Democrat talk for "Old White Guy" too.
Thank you  that woman & her husband have divided this country beyond belief
Yeah well... whatcha gonna do? We all know better than that on our side of the fence.
Hopefully, this will help cure you of at least a small portion of your ignorance.
Truth
You accepted $3.3 million from the NRA....do you represent them, or us, the residents of FL?
@micheleobama  Worst First lady ever!

Typical GOP hypocrites. Tell the religious right anything, engage in extramarital sex & push women into abortions https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.htmlhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.html …
https://twitter.com/anna_moomaw/status/916248293881139200 …
You plan 2 pass this Antichrist budget & make medicare a voucher program? I'm bearing witness 2 how you vote!
#truth #lookinggood Marco! You the Man!!
Pretty sure forefathers didn't envisage people buying several assault weapons to protect themselves they would ban them
The only color @MichelleObama sees is GREEN! She doesn't care what color you are as long as you are worth at least $10M
2nd amendment written in 1791 was at a time when single shot pistols/rifles used in a wild barely civilized country
Why, it's exactly right. Who is in charge of every committee? Oh yeah, she was right
@marcorubio screw you little Marco!
We the constituents are coming for you! 
Probably a good time to review the photo of 1st time u thought u killed ACA. #GOPWhiteGuys
Yay!  Rubio found Waldo!
Can you rephrase your statements on people needing you after Pulse since you haven't done jack shit since about it except collect NRA $$$$$
Well, she's maybe kinda of right?
Stretch Armstrong over here. Really, really high percentage.

Retweet! AWAN PAKASTANI SPY RING IN CONGRESS IN COURT TOMORROW FRIDAY 10/6/17!!!
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/916080780782329858 …
Nope.  A good time for her and everybody else from the sad remains of a once-great party to keep saying it.  Loudly and often, from now...
... until the next election.  Clarity is always good.  You don't want it to go underground or get rephrased.  At all.
yay!!! A picture say a thousand words! Can’t wait for the rephrase!
Oh look Marco @PressSec tweeted another photo showing all that diversity in this administration.
Americans can sleep better at night knowing this group is looking out for us #Americasfinest 
Awesome!!
How about diversity in the NFL? Seriously, the best athletes should be on the field, regardless of color! Same goes for Congress!
Hispanic and Indian Americans don't count for the Obamas!
Love this Team!!
So qualifications don't matter just race! Hmm is that how you pick a doctor? Hey I want a black neurosurgeon mot a white one. Pathetic.
Hey, remember that time you made dick jokes while running for president?  #littlemarco #wwjd
“I’m praying for all the victims, their families, and our 1st responders in the #LasVegas #MandalayBay shooting.”-But I took $3.3M from NRA.
Thanks Michelle Obama, for judging people based on their skin color. 
*sheesh*
explain this.
Apparently every disbarred attorney former first lady is a disgrace to the position of first ladies. #disbarred #pathetic #obama #clinton
WHEN you call out your President on his daily unbelievable statements, then you can call others out
You’re focused on Michelle, but Trump is talking about some calm before the storm nonsense.. DO YOUR JOB
She is such a racist bitch.  Can't stand her
Out of HOW many Republicans? huh?
In China,  some kids even college students disappeared, someone said government steal their organs to make transplant to serve VIPs.
Looks like human slaughterhouse to me. This is not hospital! Doctors should heal, not kill.
The @DNC has continued there great representation of minorities while keeping them down!
Democrats are in a race to disparage and disown the largest voting demographic in the country.  I wonder why they keep losing.
Yes !
Brilliant!@MichelleObama
Character > Color
All Michelle Obama has ever done is divide. She is certainly not a United. Remember-she has never been proud of America.
The obamaism egos get in the way of truth as a pattern throughout history. That's a subject. If you studied it you would know that but...
Why are Gun Manufacturers protected from Lawsuits? We do not protect Cigarette, drug, car, toy, etc.... just about any other manufacturer
that worked well for you in the primary, Little Marco.
Send that to Donnie
Conservatives and Libertarians are rejecting Michele Obama’s far “leftist” agenda... good try though - strike 1!
Don't you have anything else to do?
Part of the swamp
This is the perfect picture of the future of the GOP. I'd take any combination of 2 of the 3 for the next ticket.
Considering you have no balls or spine you’re in the small minority. It’s overwhelmingly white men
Why do Liberals generalize and show discrimination to groups like "white women" or "Christians", etc.)? Don't they have any white folks?
Anyone with half a brain knew what Michele Obama was talking about
Wow congrats you found 1 black guy and 1 woman. So tell us what is the percentage of whites in the Republican Party?
/2 And don't we  know these two are never wrong (Sarc.) In case she missed it at the RNC there were 2 Latinos and a Black man.
EXCELLENT TWEET!  Sorry Marco the Obama's don't know that word (rephrase).  That would mean they'd be wrong!
You lost to Donald Trump.
I make mistakes, I am human. Noway do I think I am special or should be treated or receive special treatment.My mind goes faster than I typ
She needs to be corrected only about 90% are white men.
No, no  @MichelleObama got it right. White Male America is a big reason I don’t trust @GOP. How can u have change w/o diversity?
We need voices of all color+creed+women+men. Not the same white wealthy men telling Americans what’s best for them. @GOP is stagnant
Not to mention #mialove
Why? It’s the truth
Funny how racism and intolerance is all aces when it's against conservatives. The left (dem-a-rats) are complete hypocrites. #hypocrites
Typical. ..she has no clue. Lives in a vacuum
 ok, marco.

Hey Marco, why don’t you worry about Puerto Rico or guns??
Good for you!
it won't matter. The only color Hillary can see is green. OR Michelle.
Why do you believe mentally ill people should have access to guns? Why did you vote to allow that?
She's so down with the struggle she's blind.
I’m really digging Mr. Rubio!
I know! Let’s post the picture of this year’s WH interns. Whataya say, Little Marco? (Also: intent, context, hyperbole- look them up)
BO: Let her be clear.
Can I offer you a ... token ... perhaps?  Maybe you should show that picture of Paul Ryan's staff again...
Senator, pls stop taking NRA$ until they denounce assault weapon sales. Any of us could have been at the concert in LV! Sad.
Remind us all,How many member of minorities did the Democrats run for president in 2016?
Y THE F REF RAZE THE TRUTH HURTS  DIDNT SAY WHO IT HURTS #FNRINO
That's all Michele Obama sees. But an African American Democrat politician can never be a racist or have racist views.
Both Obamas are extremely racist. They can't see anything but a person's color.

Probably a good time to look around and jump ship. She’s right. You’re in the wrong party padre.
1 consider the source of the article & headline
2 You really are counting on the laziness of your base to not watch the video
Except it seems the loudest voices heard are the white, male, republicans. It would have spoke volumes if GOP pushed bipartisanship.
I'm still waiting to see what races are blue and green....
It's called a democracy. You can't have quotas when it comes to racial diversity in Congress. People vote for who they want...period!
That’s what should be rephrased? How about Haley’s (pictured here) vote to apply death penalty to LGBTQ individuals? Where do you stand?
Come on Marco. You know what she meant. Really?? Do your job!!!
Ask a POC conservative how much crap they get from lefty.. Larry Elder is an example.. gets called every name in the book all day every day.
She's obviously wrong about color/women republicans. But what an insult that apparently, you can't trust white people.
Great pic, and good to see. But honestly, you do realize the majority are men and white. Nice to see changes, but look at Trump's cabinet.
Little Mario likes his tokens!
Look around the White House lately? How about @GOP leadership? Oh, they did let Tim Scott say 'KeepYoMoney' so that was culturally sensitive. And Marco, if you didn't look like a 18 year old white student at Bob Jones, you wouldn't have got as far as you have. GET REAL.
Stupid is as stupid does! “Forrest Gump”!
Why not focus on something important?

