Please help the POTUS #MAGA
Help him what?  Ruin us? Gut our liberties? Destroy education?  Essentially kill off the disabled, elderly and the poor?  Marginalize earth?
 Easy, there. You're hysterical. Calm down. Take out your coloring book. Easy does it. #MAGA !
America was great. Is great and hopefully it always will be.  Open your eyes.  I speak truth.  No coloring books needed.
Your first tweet was downright apocalyptic. I'm glad you seem more optimistic now. #MAGA
Seriously, I'm for it.  My obvious point was that America doesn't need to be great again. ..it already is
In general I agree. But the last 8 years were a big dip. We couldn't have survived a Hillary administration. 
Please, Marco, keep true to your promise to not vote for ANYTHING that would hurt your mother.  We need Medicare/Medicaid at least as it is
Correction: Tomorrow you will fight for your party. Clearly, you have not been fighting for our nation. But, today, we honor those who did.
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
Well said
Would like to thank you for getting back with me on your work about fracking in Florida gulf.
Tomorrow, resume the most important business facing America today:  #RussiaGate!
Focus on the enemy's of Democracy, get to bottom of Russia connection. A Republican
Like the healthcare "debate" you're holding behind closed doors? Also, tell your Gulf Coast office staffers to answer the damn phones.
Marco Rubio saw his own shadow, which means six more months of investigations.
Support our POTUS. Health bill. Tax reform. Wall!  Get it done, Senator.
Amen! And Amen again!
If we're "resum(ing) the debate" why aren't you coming to the Jacksonville town hall? @NEFLIndivisible
Marquito, you did not serve in our military or for them now. You do not serve the people either. But your bank acct grows. U R soulless.
You are a coward for not dealing with our treasonous President. History will regard you as being on the side of traitors to our Country.
I HOPEFULLY YOU REPUBLICANS WILL GET BEHIND OUR PRESIDENT, AND DO WHAT AMERICANS PAY YOU TO DO! CONGRESS TOO, TO MUCH TIME OFF, AGENDA!!
Marco, disgraceful that you and your buddies would honor this day when you're pro-war.
Make them proud!!!Do the right thing!!! and it's not always easy!!
How close are you to a Tax Reform Bill? thanks
Mr.Rubio, I fully expect you to speak out on Goldman Sach's criminal purchase of "Venny" bonds, effectively tossing Maduro a life saver
Veterans died 2 prevent white supremacy & Nazis in WWII#. Supporting this administration's ideology is a middle finger 2 their sacrifice!
Please don't forget us who are in need.
Yes remember that when you debate on th budgets that cuts benefits for those that put their lives on the line for whatever objective DC has
Tomorrow why don't you at least praise Pres Trump for his successful international trip. We are watching you
Thank you Mr. Rubio, I have deep respect for you and your staff. You are the only Senator out of a million I emailed who cared.
You certainly were not one of those who served, only took
remember those who fought for you the son of immigrants so you could live free and take away their healthcare, food stamps,
Today we honor the fallen heroes in Portland. Tomorrow we ask ourselves if we condemn those who ignore ot disregard their sacrifice.
Well put sir
Tomorrow put your big boy pants on and defend the poor, children and elderly.  You work for US!!!!
You mean debating why the complicit #GOP leaves a Russian agency in charge?
We SURE would LOVE to KEEP that freedom that patriots have fought & died for!! Will you FINALLY HELP us achieve that??
#MemorialDay We must Never Forget, We are the Land of the Free because of the Brave! 
You vote for this budget or health care bill you will lose your job which you haven't done  in years! Loser! What Dumbass Donald said! Hehe!
You don't debate anything because you're a coward and scared of your constituents!
There is no debate anymore in the US, thanks to your thug GOP party.  Congrats on ruining a democracy.  Hope your pay off was worth it
It will be nice that you are back to work; you guys get more time off than Greeceand Italy! Fix the HC mess and tax reform
Will YOU at least, speak for the heroes who died defending those two young girls on a Portland train? Even though the attacker was white?
Amen
@MariaBartiromo @DanScavino Let's mov from debates to action.
Trump's tweets about the media are threatening to take away those rights. Free speech includes freedom to criticize the government.
Traitor
And tomorrow you will stand up for a viable healthcare plan for ALL and against Russian corruption of our government, right , Senator?
Start with the cbo score on #Ryancare.  The budget is #doa
I fear they died in vain when people like you acquiescence to @POTUS collusion with enemies of the US while he shuns our allies. #shame
They Gave for OUR Country, Democracy , Justice & Freedom. They took Oath also...
And we remember those who died as part of a political folly: Vietnam, Iraq.
Where is your spine? You called Trump a "con artist" last year.
Marco, u r ruining ur future.  Treason is not acceptable.  Putting country b4 party will gain respect, opposite will gain u rever disgrace.
Do your job.
Your fake honor would truly be if you fight #TrumpRussia for the fallen @Vets_Vs_Trump 
Country before party
You  will be the next president! Gracias Sr marco por su apoyo a mi patria VZLA. No nos abandone!
Will their sacrifice be in vain after GOP has left trump in office? NATO alliance all but destroyed. Country before party!  #resist
Try doing what is right for your constituents! You are weak and will be removed . Stand up and f**** the Party line. Right us Right.
Congress out till the 5th. And you wonder why nothing gets done

maybe more action and less debating? Less talking and more doing. Your all a bunch of wind bags!
You guys actually in session tomorrow? 
Thought you were off on yet 
another "break".
Hopefully the #fakenews media can do the same with their fairytale Russian conspiracy storyline...
Talk to #potus about recognizing the 2 vets who died defending women from white supremacists. #Honorthem
When you return see if you can get your fellow Rino's together & do something positive 4 POTUS we have an opportunity don't waste it
really ? Many soldiers were killed while searching for chemical weapons in Iraq. They died defending a lie ...
It should have been you, Marco, it should have been you!!!!!!!
Hoping the current administration doesn't squander what so many sacrificed their little lives to defend, The USA #President Biff
So why do you cont. to support a Pres that's doing all he can to destroy what so many have died defending?! Why? #MemorialDay17
Amen
God bless! 
You got some water Rubio ??
MrRubio the very thing you railed about in running for office was big pac $$$, yet sir that's how u won. So the tricky double standard is ok
How about we TRULY Honor Those Who've Died In Service & STOP #EndlessWars #StopArmingTerrorists #StopArmingSaudis
Be A REAL PATRIOT
Stop using our war dead for your petty politics. @aertwitt @marcorubio @SZilberstein
There is only one gigantic glaring treason issue before us today. Get on it.
Too bad you don't honor anything but the @GOP party and ignore the traitor in the White House. Then kill others by sabotaging ACA.
Btw my family is from Nicaragua
Our bumper sticker senator!
Resume debates? How about getting things done? The biggest impediment to a future GOP majority, is the current GOP majority of mercenaries.
Hey little Marco tell Maxine James brown Waters to help the veterans instead of illegals
My father fought for our country. Not a political party. COUNTRY OVER PARTY! Have you been bought or blackmailed? History will frown on GOP!
Absolutely, my dad did 4 years in the Pacific and this congress destroys the honor of their service.
Like Colombia releasing the FARC terrorist that kidnapped and murdered Americans

I'll hold my breath
And So You Could Accept Cash from Trump Friends #trumpleaks #trumprussia
However with this new Guy in the President office how much longer will we be a free nation?
But as usual for Rubio tomorrow it will be PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY. Politicians before constituents. The usual Rubio
Why don't you honor Vets with some good jobs and retirement in your state or is your state too cheap.
How about you start acting like a patriot tomorrow. #CountryOverParty
You better grow a spine and go trench warfare with these leftists Democrats. Silent majority is watching you..

I will continue the debates even today. My friends family & ancestors didn't break from their fight for freedom for any reason.
#RESISTANCE
They didn't die to watch our country be sold out to foreign powers & our Congress line their own pockets while letting it happen. #ShameGOP
Yeah they died so you could spend all your time talking about Russia and ignore the real issues people face. Good one.

Dear People: Tomorrow is the same as before BLIND, STUPID AND DETH #marcorubio 
#PresidentObama Named by Gallup Poll 'Most Admired Man IN the WORLD For the 9th YEAR in A ROW http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/barack-obama-donald-trump-most-admired-man-2016-gallup-a7499266.html … …
UHMERICAH!
Really? Tomorrow you go back to bowing to trump and doing whatever he tells little Marco to do .
Sure, Jan.
Died for our Freedom you want to Destroy!
Well, I give you credit for that acknowledgement!  It's more than the orange buffoon has said about our veterans.
You shit on the memory of our fallen service members when you enable the traitors in the White House.
AMEN!!
