The diplomat who brought Warmbier back was an Obama appointee who had been working the case since October. Shove it.
Because (a) the family doesnt know any better and (b) because time is linear....Trump has GUTTED the State Dept. No praise for him.
Gutting the State Department was the single stupidest thing Trump has done.
Those were not "Obama holdovers." Those were career civil servants with institutional knowledge. Stop opposing expertise.
HEY WHAT ABOUT OUR HEALTH CARE?WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?
A bit selfish of you to yell about your health care in this discussion don't you think?
You cannot have it only when it suits you.
A hostage crisis that has now taken an American life. Brutal murder of another country's citizens is asking for war.
Sorry, but that is ridiculous.
While we pray for Otta We r also wondering if my Brother & his friend killed in Gambia Would have had more attention if they were white?
It's sad that they were brutally murderd by a tyrant. I wish Obama admin had done more in unearthing their case. Sadly , geopolitics plays
Agreed! Please demand release of the other 3 Americans and then take decisive action against NK!
Like what decisive action?
well-placed missiles against their launch locations and a hit squad to take out Kim Jong Un for starters.
@AnnLovell you are more than welcome to sign up and fight. We have been at "war" for 15 years. And that's what Russia, China want. #mad
I am incredibly grateful to the men and women who defend our country.
That is not the point at all. I am incredibly sad for those injured and killed young persons, their parents and the "collaterally damaged."
I hope you pray that God gives the families of those killed by bad police & also comfort to those who will lose loved ones with Rumpcare
So, jung un is a"smart cookie"
Yes you right
And i@pray for the-family of man who died in Lee County Florida jail from repeated abusive pepper spraying.  Sad
I'm praying with you. God bless them
How? Those are just words. Not blaming you, it's a problem that can't be solved other than no American should ever go there.
Agree! Also, we must take care of those within our borders whose medical condition can worsen if left without medical coverage. VOTE NO.
Its so sad and I pray that North Korea suffers the consequences of murdering Otto.
Somehow a bit more restrained than you would have been a year ago, @marcorubio ...?
Same American story, victims in #Gambia not #NorthKorea, two male not one, same tragic ending except their remains were never discovered.
US citizen Andrew Brunson is jailed in Turkey for no reason.
We pray for his family left
Smart thing to do is to ban travel to North Korea.
Absolutely heartbreaking.
These losers HAVE TO PAY.
@marcorubio may I ask why @billclinton was able to free 2 journalists in 2009, but no one came for #OttoWarmbier? #foodforthought
Who accounts on US soil Mr. Rubio
Very sad. Prayers for his family
.....don't pray........do something!
Maybe you should try and get the other THREE AMERICANS that North Korea is doing. Pray by doing good works.
It's murder; they're murderers, and that crap hole needs to b flushed down the toilet; time for action! So now before nukes go online!!!
Obama, and North Korea need to pay.
And which god is that?
Devastating! My heart goes out to them but so so sorry for what their son had to endure!
My heart aches for Otto's parents.. pray for his family..n pray for the American's still he'd captive in that evil place
Again, your inglorious leader praised Kim Jong Un only a few weeks ago.
We should send the liberals to NK.  Kim would off himself at their incessant whining.
What r u whining about plebeus
STATE SPONSORED ASSASSINATION...if it's good for the Castros is good for this maniac!
Black people get murdered by white cops all the time in USA. We also allow it to happen.
Sell out.  Continue bending over to take it.  And do what Trump says please.  Good boy

Obama and his crew need to be held responsible for this & everything else they've done to America. My question to you is: When?
How do u hold NK accountable for anything they do? Tell China to reign in the evil!
Wow!
I didn't think I'd ever agree with you sir.
Senator. Please support the travel ban.
This is the time period when our love, our faith and our commitment to one another will be tested.
Donald Trump stated "Make America great again " I have seen and heard, what he said and did. I wonder, is the " Walking dead" his America.
-  What part of the blame goes to Otto himself and his parents for allowing him to visit the PRK?  Prohibit travel to PRK.
don't forget, there are still 3, hopefully still alive, other Americans there
I agree fully but to the ones all involved in this including the Obama administration and Democratic party not the whole country of the NK
Just the ones involved we can't blame their whole country for this rest in peace Mr Otto Warmbier may your soul fiend peace and tranquility
Right on Marco! The Puggy munchkin needs a spanking.
Yes, hold Noth Korea accountable @marcorubio, but what about the accountability of our justice system?  How many have died in our prisons.
Kim Jong-un needs to have a rocket up his fat North Korean ass. RIP Otto. 
Praying for this family and all our leaders!!!
Suggestions?  ......  <crickets>
Marco, you were sitting in power the whole time this poor guy sat in hell. What did you do about it?
Why the photon would you be praying to some god.... What did it do to help the situation?

Grateful there weren't 5 Americans?

Cabbage...!
Like the same way you guys are holding Clinton..Obama..Rice..accountable!?! Tough words for a bunch of suits!
Yes & let's get the other Americans out too
They seem like HE already has!
Thank you for this 140 character show of force. How do suggest we punish NK for their aggression?
AMEM! Can we get an AMEN?
I pray god gives us all comfort after your vote to repeal the ACA. Pray for your soul's redemption.
Yeah, tell that to Trump!
Why didn't God tell him not to go there in the first place.
International war crime charge against Un. Den Haag trial needed.
It was not a tragedy, it was murder
David played music to soothe Saul's troubled soul. You're quoting scripture to soothe your soul. However, Saul was still separated from God
funny how you are turning you back on the people of Cuba like you did nothing about Otto.
WE ARE ALL OTTO WARMBIER!
 for Family of Otto Warmbiers.
Yes, prayers for Warmbier family! What a tragic and senseless loss!
Yes. Destroy NorKor NOW!
Your good at stirring trouble
My heart goes out to family of Warmbier...and Castile and Lyles and Smith. Oh wait,  we don't care about the ones that happen here  my bad
I agree this is absolutely not acceptable what they did to this you man so heartbreaking our thoughts and prayers are with his family
First we need to find out how they destroyed his brain, then we should level the fat frogs palace & surrounding area. Boom-done!!!
People are being killed by crooked law enforcer in this country where are your sympathy for there family sir
Wh need to send an Earth-Shattering attack to North Korea!
Black people get murdered by white cops all the time in USA. They deserve your prayers and condolences. Every. Singe. One. #AllLivesMatter
Do you want to hold N Korea accountable or "overlook an offense"? The religious nonsense isn't helping.
What would Russia or China do in response? Is this foolish child (though tragic) worth it?
Yes if Congress will pass healthcare and tax cuts POTUS can focus on the might from NK
#Obama should also be held accountable for not doing enough to bring the poor man home- It took @POTUS a few days for NKorea to release him.
We pray that you are voted out of office and we never have to see Little Marco and his knee pads again!
Agreed but actions speak louder than words!  What are you @marcorubio doing about it?
What do you suggest?
I agree Marco.  Do something about it!
And yet the republicans won't do a thing

He broke the law in a foreign country.
AMEN
@MorningsMaria Why do politicians throw word "Accountable" around as that means someone is serious n NADA happens? Feelgoodism?
Accountable how? They are sanctioned beyond belief & US can't strike cause of proximity to Soul right? Now what? More bluffs? More posture?
I think North Korea should be destroyed from the earth after this horrific incident. No more repeated tragedy as such.
I pray others as I hold you accountable for focusing on #SouthAmerica vs an #American #martyr whom you ignored. #maga #tcot #gop
little Rubio wants another war with fake reasons... #warmonger
How many people has Russia killed? Are we holding them accountable? C'mon man
I vote holding NorK's accountable. "And now, just what are you prepared to do?
what about #PhilandoCastile , #CharleenaLyles ,#nabrahassanen?????
Trump needs to say something.
But this your wonderful democracy can torture people from guantanamo til Afghanistan without consequences. SHAME ON YOU
Sadly, nothing will be done, save for lip service, and baby Kim requesting a face to face with Dennis Rodman, his commie buddy.
Good luck with that. Not happening with this administration. All @POTUS cares about is Rasmussen polls.
Hey Little Marco how about some 'accountablity' for the black man burned alive in the prison showers in Florida?
Unfortunately the only real thing that will make change is putting a tomahawk missile on Kim Un lap. War is inevitable I regret to admit.
Ea time u see @marcorubio Remember HE gutted the Health Insurance RiskCorridors which broke the better system b4 it cd evolve. What a legacy
A true Christian. Don't let Washington change you.  From one die hard democrat.
Will have something bad to say about it. Especially McCain, he knows everything. Geez.
And what would you suggest Marco. Give us some good ideas instead of a generalized statement please. Cause whatever prez comes up with y'all
N.Korea was enforcing their laws, he had no buisness being over there, every country has a right to enforce their law, we don't enforce ours
@radiotalkermike obama is guilty for this.. he needs to be made accountable...
Hold them accountable Marco, you have been allowed to have the authority to do so...so do it.  Do what is right, despite the consequences.
Agreed. 
Couldn't agree more.  They still have three more of ours that we need to bring home
Why he deliberately broke the law. #whiteprivilege
So are we supposed to go all necular? How about Americans stay the hell out of North Korea.
Mr. Rubio, what is the US supposed to do. He went to brutal country and broke their laws. Im sorry he's dead. What is your suggestion?
Well, we could have started by not helping them get nuclear capability. That emboldens NK's governmental psychosis
But how does that hold them accountable for killing Otto Warmbier.
Pray for this family's grace and peace.
I'm liking u more and more every day!
Total agreement there 
We are afraid of North Korea for some reason!
The majority of you ppl can't just offer condolences. Have you no boundaries or decency?
All well and good an oh so politically correct, but when do you plan on representing Cubans and all Latino's?
Agreed!
Horrible. Just horrible. North Korea treated him like an American Black man at a traffic stop.
Turn em to stone.
And to the family of Nabra, the Muslim girl in VA who was beaten to death & dumped in pond
As a mother & freedom loving American-this is heartbreaking-an evil oppressive barbaric regime w no regard to human decency stole a life

Why didn't you demand Obama administration do something about it?
Sorry but you can't get bit by a snake and then be mad at the snake.  Don't go to NK and then try to steal things.
But Trump loves Authoritarians that beat Americans into a Coma 
God damn north Korea.
But u won't do a thing will u? Where was the outrage when he was being held! All blow hards! Now u know why DT is so popular! He means it!
You're a weenie
I agree!
Yes Korea is at fault and should be held accountable but so should @BarackObama , as the family stated, he did NOTHING!
Maybe he shouldn't have gone to DPRK when the State Department strongly advises against it since we're at war with that country.
Yet State Department officials did everything to bring him home. These things take time. If you remember 3 Americans were freed from DPRK...
... during the Obama Administration. Stop blaming a good man for everything you don't like.
Did you see the interview with his dad?
Thank god he was with his family in the end. Prayers for the family.
Finally, I agree with something you have said! (North Korea must be accountable)
Pray for the 23 million you are about to kick off healthcare.
Stop talking about doing something and DO SOMETHING
What say you in regards to the #PhilandoCastile verdict? Where's the outrage on that #America
For someone that keeps quoting the Bible, you certainly made this well wishing serve your agenda
Where do they keep getting the materials to shoot all these rockets and missiles off & 4 a Poor nation who is paying for it
When are we going to deal with this animal?
A 22 YEAR OLD YOUNG MAN STOLE A POSTER FROM A HOTEL and pays with his life.. This  guy needs to be exterminated and for & nukes destroyed
And Obama
Very well said Mr Rubio now could you tell me why we put the republicans in charge and we are having a fake investigation after are presiden
Thank you, Senator
Marco, 
When are you going to demand investigation of LEAKS????
I just see soundbites for your next campaign.
0 help with @POTUS agenda
@PatVPeters Agreed, but what would be an appropriate response? Tactical nuke?
Pray for yourself, you're gonna need it
And what exactly are you proposing the government should do?
VERY Heartbreaking! Just to lose a child is something NO FAMILY should have to go through.
Lay America s should not b discussing or b allowed to chat with leaders of other countries..Wonder how this is happening...?
Snoop dog goes to see Kim Jong?  What the hell is he telling him?
Megan Kelly interviews Putin?  What the hell is she telling him?
Why the hell do we allow lay people to hold interviews with leaders of other countries?..They could b ruining our strategies.
I dont hear any remorseful democrats offering any condolences..They could care 2 cents...
If this person was from the black community who was mistreated in N Korea,would b different..What the hell is snoop dog doing over there?
They killed him slowly, tortuous chemical poisoning, and beatings.  His death should be a warning to all Americans who think about visiting
Common in communism. My uncle&taunt spent 16y in uranium mine hard labor in 50ties comm.Czechoslovakia for listening radio free Europe!
What do u suggest we do? Mayb send over some missiles like we did to Syria?
North Korea must pay!
Yes they must
north korea must face consequences!
What about Nabra Hassanen?
Turn off the spigot and hold them under siege until they cry uncle, or just take out the crazy fat kid. Either way works.
That Asian gulag must be sanctioned and it's lunatic, criminal, assassin, leader must pay 4 the life of Otto Warmbier. This is unbelievable!
Absolutely! International warrant for his arrest on murder!
you did nothing. now you give sympathy. where were you for the past 17 months marco
Do you have proof they did this or could have been another prisoner.? Obviously he shouldn't have been in prison to begin with.
We've been there 67 yrs. What a joke! 67 years of N Korea pushing America around. Why? $$$$$
Retaliation more than appropriate.  You do not murder US citizens.  Time for us to speak LOUD and swing the big stick.  USA No apologies!!
well expressed!!GOD BE WITH THE WARMBIER FAMILY DURING THIS GRIEF!
I bet you want people to scream out for WAR right? Fault is in both sides.1st why would anyone go to NK and 2 that lil tyrant is a killer
#NorthKorea treated #OttoWarmbier like one of their own. Millions of people are suffering under these thugs.
Won't happen, North Korea doesn't qualify for an invasion... because it has no oil or minerals
Just curious Marco how would you handle the delicate situation in Korea?
So do it, Marco. No more talk from you guys. Find your balls and take action.
yes, but will they?
And when will the united states be held accountable ?
Exactly
Yes they need to be held accountable, but who will take on this issue.
Pray for ALL Americans who are denied humane, competent healthcare and basic human rights. AHCA will strip MILLIONS of these rights
Yes, so should blood be on trumps, supporters hands, and , the bigots hating others, give fuel for trump to cater racist cops, the 45%
Are you gunning for war???
