You should reconsider your support for the American Dictator Trump-USA is being destroyed by the @POTUS - voters are fed up-better take note
A leader brings people together by finding our common interest. Has President Trump done that? What are your thoughts @sotowncolumbus
No I don't believe he cares about common interest-he's made it clear he doesn't care about the people who oppose him-shame majority opposes
In #Venezuela we explain such attitude is caused by a muzzle filled with arepas. Bozal de arepas.
#POTUS would secure the latino vote by reacting  2 events in #Venezuela & #Ecuador
LETS DISCUSS AT A TOWN HALL 
Just like in those countries you are supporting a dictator. Demand Trumps taxes so we can rid US of our dictator
Hace you deben what happened today?
Why you didn't'nt say to Cuban government to promote democracy. Leave my country alone hypocrite cz you'll never be elected U.S. president
Trump is our Maduro. You realize that right?
You have no right to dictate HAITI what to do. We're a sovereign nation and we have a special relationship with Venezuela. I'm with HAITI...
You should focus in America. Too much posting about Latin America dictatorships....
100% agree. And those in El Salvador biting the hand that feeds them should be mad an example of.
You are a KOKORAT senator...ask @Jacquiecharles the kokorat journalist for the meaning of the word
what ever you say Marco
Senator please haiti is independent lleva tu ayuda si tu quieres.... olvídate ke tu eres producto de inmigración.  Sin vergüenza
Is this all you can focus on?  What about what is happening with your dictator trying to take over this country ?
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @senatornelson #SenMarcoRubio #alienatesUScitizens with #CubanAmericanPolitics
Ur a big bully. Stay out of the business of sovereign nations. I don't see u trying to bully #China #Russia or #SaudiArabia @USEmbassyHaiti
Shame on you little Marco
Funny how IGNORANT people compare dictatorships like Venezuela to Trump's government. Clearly snowflakes who never lived under oppression.
Funny how people can't see what's staring them in the face.
... and what exactly would that be Jon?
Tu quien te crees Marco Rubio para hablar de Venezuela tu eres un cubano traidor de tu patria que eres un pobre senador en estados unidos
When's the coup to overthrow you going to happen?
Standing strong with #Haiti in support of #Venezuela. This bullying tactic ought to go!
Thank you Marco for your doing everything possible to get help for this country Prayers
No country in  the Americas should support the dictatorship in Venezuela, it is disheartening 2 c a rich country with poor hungry people. TY
You have no room to talk. Your party supports its own dictator---remember? That fat bald guy who paints his face orange.
You should be worried about our country! Get to work Marco!
What about the current coup here? America should reconsider support of a American dictator too.
I'm with Venezuela. Not Nicolas Maduro who should be out of power without delay. Don't punish Venezuela. Get raid of Maduro instead.
Worry about America

Rubio a nation can buy it way all the time you country like to judge other nation when not  agree  with usa
We need to be careful that we don't end up with a dictator right here in our WH now.Do we still have congress persons who will prevent this?
So go ahead & hurt us more in Haiti.We know why we suffer. Only u reason in order to "save" people u must starve them or drop bombs on them.
Mandela said it best.Our friends who have supported us n our struggles may b your enemies but they r our friends 3/3
In last 25 years, US twice supported brutal Coups in Haiti b/c Haitians chose their own leaders, and now you want us to hurt VEN people? 2/3
In last 25 yrs, US twice placed economic embargo to turned poor Haitians into starving Haitians as Haiti lost ability to feed itself 1/3
Marco, dude,  it's blackmail what u r suggesting. Haiti is a sovereign country
Obama cleaned Bush/Cheney $ mess, killed more terrorist, deported millions of illegals & GOP h8 him & embrace trump/russian monsters UNREAL
You should reconsider to stop threating free sovereigh countries to act freely as free countries they are.Your interference is unaceptable
No Coup, fake news. In Dominican Republic we know about coup's '63 and US/OEA invasion '65. Thank you.
If these coup happen today?
Thank you @marcorubio for your support & voice concerning Venezuela's crisis with this corrupt gov't. May God bless you & keep you safe.
@marcorubio Instead of threatening others country's freedom to choose focus on getting FL great again! Isn't that your boss model? #shame
Pdvsa debt payments have been possible by loan from Rofsnet, taking Citgo shares as collateral and now taking position in JV. Remember Cuba?
Maduro needed decree to grant Rusia participation in oil JV to be able to make coming debt payments. Rusia advancing geopolitical interests
Don't we have to worry about our own dictator
Why don't you stop support of America's Dictator DJT!!
Marco i am ashame of my last name. ..
Maybe USA should think so too
@VinicioSenador @NicolasMaduro @OAS_official Our president is a dictator too don't expect anything
USA Rubio...USA...look at what you are doing here...please,
You should reconsider your support of Trump.
How about worrying about Florida!!!
Marcos Rubio .sigue .ayudando a Venezuela..levantando tu voz en el parlamento .
Leaders need to handle this, not you little Rubio
Shut up!
back at you socialist loving toots
You suck Trump
You should consider what YOU do, and who YOU support!
Sr MARCOS RUBIO   RECIBIENDO $$$$ DEL SR. SOROS !
Let's deal with our own coup first.
After coup in WH, should reconsider support of Gorsuch.
Venezuela, for 30 years the enemy of United States, market economics and common sense. Screw Venezuela.  Let them rot.
Like how you are supporting the upcoming dictator here? Stop turning a blind eye to everything. Red/ blue- wrong is wrong and be against it
I wonder what's ur interest in Venezuela? Watch GOP coup in the USA soil. 
Maduro is a dictator and people are starving. Get a clue! Thank you senator.
people have been starving for years! Why now? Get it??
And senator has been talking about it for years. Thank you Senator Rubio!
because Venezuela is as important as any other country  in latam.
yes
CHAVISTAS MISÓGINOS!
BRUTALMENTE GOLPEADA HIJA DE CARLOS BLANCO, DIRIGENTE DE #ABP!! —►
#EnLaCalleContraElGolpe
honestly don't care about VZ. All the oil they have it could be the richest country in LATAM.
You made his point. Thank you!
I think what we need here is a COUP! To once and for all rid our great country of swamp dwellers like you and your kind!
Suppose you worried about what was going on in America rather than elsewhere
You should reconsider your support of a dictator.
Can I borrow some of that $76k you got from Telecom to sell out our Internet privacy? I need to buy... a gun! That's it... a gun.
While at it, thanks to same G.O.P. ( Greedy Old Party) U will be able to get sound suppressor with that while mentally disabled.  Unreal
Thank you Marco!! For your endless  fighting for justice ! God Bless you!
@NicolasMaduro is due for an #impeachment process called #Revocatorio2016 but the Election Council & the Supreme Court which has blocked it.
Senator, any action within the rule of law is useless against a government who controls most government branches and the army.
So should the US
Asking these countries to act against  will be like asking @joekennedy father to give up @CITGO #Joe-4-Oil
Oh sure, where was the president, both Obama and trump, and Congress while that country came apart?
I am concerned about the America dictator problem first and you should be too. #CountryOverParty #impeachtrumpRICO
If your government wishes to do something for #Venezuela it may require a coalition outside of the @OAS_official
Senator, the Caribbean, some Central America, & Bolivia rely on #Caracas to fund their #SocialismoXXI.
Ummm! NO. Are you crazy! And loose the perk of $13 per barrel? Would you give up that?
We buy large quantities of oil from Venezuela. We need to rethink where we buy our oil.
Soooo... does this mean you are ready to pull the plug on your buddy Trump?
I think you should do the same and reconsider supporting our lil dictator here in America.
Why are we still buying oil from Venezuela?
Please stop referring to other dictators until you stand up to the one that is forming in the Oval Office.
You need to reconsider support of all that is POTUS and Bannon.
not the focus of this tweet honey
Don't call me honey.
it's my culture to call everyone honey
You should reconsider supporting a tyrant.  Just sayin'
The GOP is busy supporting a dictator in our own country right now. Lost credibility.
.@marcorubio and @GOP putting party and @EPAScottPruitt #Billionaires #NatureRape above nation, people, world, climate and morality.. Shame!
How about the Dictator-in-making, Trump?
A look at the #Dictatorship in the #DominicanRepublic should also be observed & acted upon @marcorubio @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @OAS_official
Pretty sure we are already support another #badhombre #investigaterussia #russiagate #treason
On 2016, the United States' airspace was overtly invaded by Russia. Their objective was successful, Bridge a larger gap between parties...
And instate a proxy government. Doesn't anger you @marcorubio ? You have 2 options with despot narcissists in power; suck up or #resist
here a former top security official feels the need to seek immunity. American credibility is at risk and you have nothing to say
Ok, if dictators are bad, then why you support president loco?
why can't you just agree with the point instead of shifting it to Trump
no!!!! You should know better than anyone.  Dictatorship is not the answer
How quickly they forget.
That's what we've been saying! Get rid of 45! #resist #RefuseFascism
And @realDonaldTrump
How about the coup happening right here in the WH, the one in the United States. Dictator trumpy, is destroying us!
Rubio lied.
Silence is complicity.
Rubio you took $100,000 to vote yes on DeVos. You sold your soul. Tweets are a waste of your time. We do not care what you have to say.
and hill dog took money from countries that throw gays from roof tops..

How about your support of Trump and the Russians in the White House. Stand up. Country BEFORE Party
Not just reconsider, reject.
Take a good look here in the US. Aren't we moving in the same direction? Yet you don't open your mouth. #Disgraceful
Senator thanks for your wishes but, please concentrate in our Nation's problems. Stand up for our..
Should support a coup here at home. USA, the next banana Republic.
your a crazy person
Loser
Well correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that what the republicans want as well? They sure do like to tell women what to do. 
sh*t you supporting Trump, clean your backyard first.! I dare u to make such statement about Trump
Sadly, they won't because of gifts  they are receiving from the dictator
Si todo esto hubiera sucedido en la adm anterior ya le hubieras echado la culpa a Obama... que esperas para hacer responsable a Trump
.@marcorubio Can Floridians reconsider you as a senator? Latinos have already reconsidered you as one. Since you've sold them out for Trump
Great senator will be re-elected again in 2022.
You need to have a town hall so we can discuss the fact that you are supporting a dictator in our country. Country over party NOW!!
Ya think. Maybe our dictator should go but...you supported him. Do you still?
yet you support Trump - traitor to America.
Exactly.  Why don't apply this at home.  Or in Spanish la caridad empieza por casa.
How about focusing on USA.
Gran amigo de estos delincuentes
Ojo con Rusia, artífice de todo esto.
Marco you support trump who just said it will not remove the criminal dictator in Syria #hypocrisy
América Latina se lamentará de la sangre derramada en este suelo, por habernos dejado de lado.
Very obvious! Reverse all of Obama's lame foreign policy decisions and lock him up! Jason Chaffetz said it was Obama's MO to spy! Wake up!
Folks: comparing DC political dysfunction to Venezuela's is like comparing a hangnail to terminal cancer.  Get some perspective please.
this.. this is the truth.
Que somos pendejos
A toda América Latina, a los que reculan como Santos que llama a su embajador para consultar y lo vuelve al país Qué se cree ese....
Like your little orange man dictator! Hugely ignorant!
Mind your words about dictators and stand up to Trump!
Get a job!
Este pueblo ya no necesita diálogo, necesita su Libertad !!!
Que se convoque inmediatamente a una salida de estos empotrados de Miraflores
No al diálogo!!!!La cárcel es lo que pedimos para estos asesinos!!!
Aquí, nosotros queremos  justicia!!!
Ya Basta de Yo!!
Del ego señores de la oposición.
Ya Basta que estos Asesinos sigan llenando sus cuentas bancarias mientras Venezuela se cae en pedazos
Ojo, no pasen por debajo de la mesa Eso señores de ESE UU y ustedes La oposición!!
Grow some balls and help THIS country before you tweet about other countries.
Sr MRCOS RUBIO , PARE D RECIBIR $$$$$$ DEL SR SOROS !!!
Estados Unidos debe  y es su deber investigar las relaciones de estos delincuentes con los Rusos
The US is a laughingstock. Worry about what's going on in your own backyard  #impeach @realDonaldTrump
Always keep an eye on Dictator Maduro! Thank you Senator Rubio.
Better focus on Intelligence community coup d'état in US Hope u follow real facts in investigation
RATAS!!!!
Indignos de izar nuestro tricolor!!
Realmente, es vergonzoso ver cómo estos delincuentes han vendido a Venezuela
Que calladito están. Miren que cobardes que necesitaron más de cinco Guardia nacional p agredir a una mujer, periodista q cubría l eventos
@realDonaldTrump Forget about S A what about the USA Dictator?
Estoy esperando el pronunciamiento de las Fuerzas Armadas!!!
Estos Asesinos creen que Vamos a dejar esto pasar, reculó el asesino!!

Maniobra política
What about the coup in the US by @realDonaldTrump  and #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #WhatDidHeKnowAndWhenDidHeKnowIt
A menos que Estos Unidos, les diga:  Si es por el petróleo, ustedes lo apoyan
Anything to take the distraction from your spineless actions
More interested in the Republican's Trump/Putin coup right here in the good old U. S. of A. Repubs should abandon @realdonaldtrump support
Estos tres países dependen del petróleo de Venezuela, por eso están de rodillas ante estos asesinos
Thank you!
this while @seanspicer said at WH briefing  I am not interested in that
Look towards the north. The coup is going on there with your complicit help.
Thank you for your support. The US should keep up the pressure to change this dictatorship: stop buying its oil and this will fall apart!
And America should reconsider support of @potus45
original thought there Wendy, really insightful and clever!
You should reconsider your support of the U.S. dictator.
@POTUS America did that is why we have President Trump
Thank you Senator Rubio.
You should do the same !
After cyber coup in DC you should reconsider your support of dictators @realDonaldTrump @POTUS and Putin! #Patriotism #traitor
Oh snap!!! #TheResistance
Or @realDonaldTrump for that matter
Stay out of the business of losers!
Latin & South America would be better off if they were re claimed by Spain!
.....and yet our president is tweeting about @chucktodd and calling him names.  I am seriously concerned.
Look right here Marco, US is moving in that direction
Not interest. I'm focused on the America.
