They can do it in the USA too pal that's why we need to build the wall
They aren’t coming in over the Mexican border either way. It’s a huge waste of money. The most deadly terrorist are already here.
Walls work.
Um, you lose. @BreitbartNews isn't a non-biased source. Try again. And if YOU want a wall so bad, why don't YOU pay for it?
But I am certain now that there's plenty of evidence that walls work that you will just call me a troll
Nah, just know you aren’t American.
The thing about liberals is even with truth and video evidence they will still deny like a cheating boyfriend, ya know what I mean
#Charlottesville a tragic and sobering reminder that even as trump loses supporters in America he can still inspire Nazi attacks.
Radical Christian Terrorism.
Radical islamic terrorism is responsible for 5,220 fatalities this year alone. Christians are not the issue. Just stop, you sound deranged.

I'm talking about globally. Clearly.
And? I was clearly talking about America when you commented.
It's fine. Just ignore what's happening in the rest of the world so you can continue to paint your hysterical narrative. #LiberalLogic 
As opposed to you ignoring what's happening here with the support of the president because it doesn't fit your narrative.
Yet American #domesticterrorism is more of a threat to Americans. Do something about it!
GOP is also responsible for destabilizing middle America resulting in white supremacist violence.
And so can white supremacist terrorists that the @POTUS refuses to acknowledge. Help us get rid of him. We need congress to #impeach
KKK  are Democrats.  Always have been. More FAKE news.
Totallly...heard them all chanting "heil hillary"....oh wait, that's not what they were chanting...
Doesn't matter what they chant.  Still leftists.
Lol okay there braniac. Leftist trump supporters . Got it
But wouldn't you agree with Trump that there was blame on #BothSides.
he knows both sides are at fault, but he is thinking about getting elected again; therefore he will bow down.
Y don't u grow a spine n call them for what it is/- radical Muslim terrorist attacks!
Stop criticizing @POTUS   He is doing great job!
Marco, please call on congress to name antifa a terror group and not allow face covering at events
Here is what you and @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenRubioPress should be WORRYING about TOO:
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/culture/2017/8/14/16143782/dont-be-a-sucker-propaganda-charlottesville-nazi-racism …
CORRECT! Even INSPIRE WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISTS that the @POTUS @SenRubioPress voted for IS ENABLING! @HouseGOP & @SenMajLdr ACT NOW!
If you support the coward that is Marco Rubio, you deserve this Florida.
The US Govt. funds the White Helmets which is part of Al Qaeda. It insults every victim of Islamic terrorism.
yes marco it is tragic & sobering do you know what else is tragic & sobering that you will not be getting reelected if you dont do your job
That's why we need to send back ALL Muslim refugees.
You're proving... by your actions... that you are: "Little Marco." Save your people man. We're counting on you.... RISE ABOVE.
Stand up for your constituents. This is your opportunity.
Pitiful acts of terror #spainattacks #bracelonaattacks
#Kissimmee
Thanks for standing up against jihadists! You have the balls that I was waiting to support. #MAGA
Yea like using a vehicle as a weapon just the way your president encouraged eight hsi retweet from a Nazi. So when's your next lunch w him?
There isnt a difference b/w jihadist & white nationalist.  The real terror threat is within our borders!!  What do they have go do b4 u act?
Are you condemning these attacks by Islamic Supremacists?
#BarcelonaAttacks a tragic & sobering reminder that even as they lose space in #Syria & #Iraq #ISIS can still can inspire jihadist attacks
Thank your President Obama for this. You played a part as well along with your RINO partners. You all have destroyed this country.

CNN showed this child's picture from Turkey for weeks, but totally covered up this picture from Barcelona 
Senator you should be ashamed. condemning President Trump as you have, and making statements as these. Be a senator, back Trump
Good job Marco
Lying sack of hypocrisy! Nobody is buying what you're selling! WE KNOW! WE KNOW! #USA #ISIS #warcrimes are one in the same.
Call it for what it is. Radical Islam. Say it isssssslaaaaammmmmmmmmmm..
And Trump can inspire racist stacks.
You are a rep senator Shane on you for politicizing it . You are a turn coat I don't support you at all in Fl  after seeing you
We gonna destroy the traitor. (don't quote me on that though).
Many in Florida are disgusting with their performance Senator Marcó Rubio
Terrorists gain space in the West because politicians allow it Anti-faction demand  remove confederate monuments that is domestic terrorism
the Muslims are behind what happened in Virginia. Niirad Awad, CAIR's national executive director, Requires all statues to be removed
It is immoral not to recognize that there was violence on both sides. It is dirty to want to gain political points.
PLEASE EEUU USA @RealBenCarson @marcorubio  @VP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @USNavy @usairforce : Help PESHMERGA ANTI ISIS . PEACE . THANK'S
The corrupt politicians of Europeans allowed the invasion of Syrian refugees and they are the ones in charge of the terrorist attacks.
RT #PrayForSyria . #OrarPorSiria . God Is Good . DIOS ES BUENO . MISERICORDIA . #mercy
four separate congressional acts, Confederate soldiers are considered U.S veterans. The removal of their memorials and monuments is a crime
Think of something positive to say. Be a leader. You're driving me nuts with your nothingness.
Two sided fellow. Matthews 6:24. No man can serve two masters.
Islam plays a very large role in the history of Spain. Watch where you are going. Spain knows how to take care of itself. Nothing for you.

Hillary Clinton email reveals she knew of Saudi & Qatar government funding for ISIL (ISIS) by August 2014 https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/55380#efmA_RBEL … 
Step up and start Impeachment proceedings. Trump is only encouraging terrorists by denying America has a problem!
Also it shows that driving a vehicle into a crowd is an act of terrorism. #ImpeachTrump
We need to handle these radical white terrorist here at home!!!
Diosdado Cabello aprovecha los sucesos de Barcelona para disolver Asamblea Nacional en VZLA, electa por mas de 15 millones de personas!
The Radical Nationalist Terrorists have nothing to do with Syria or Iraq nor with religion, and to defeat them that is lesson number one.
No going with Soros!!!!   Muy mal!!!!
Where are your comments senator about this!
@MIAMIforTRUMP 
@Miami4Trump 
@conservative132 
@Florida_Orchid 
@FL4TRUMPDOTCOM 
@ResidentOfFL
I think that we need to wiseup in our resources to protect USA, instead on focusing excessively other countries
DONT YOU DARE TWEET AOTHER SCRIPTUREYOU ARE SLANDERING OUR PRES. AND YOU KNOW YOU ONLY DOING THAT BECAUSE YOU WANT TO GAIN.GOD WILL REPAY U
@marcorubio what are u doing to help fight white national extremists that continue to terrorize n US? Both physical harm &by unjust laws?
Traitorus so call rep! Marco do the right thing and switch partys officially! We all know your a demacrat at heart!
Don't think it won't happen here. ISIS is alive and well and yet they are training in camps and recruiting in MOSQUE and you all do nothing.
You quote scripture but dishonored the @POTUS by stating that he was wrong when saying there was evil on both sides of Charlottesville? 
Amen sir.   FTR: The Japanese used Kamakaze as they realized they had no chance of winning.
Enough with your bullshit , get behind our president and help him
As have white Christian extremists, and white supremacists. Everyone remembers the Emanuel A.M.E., right?
do u think bashar assad will stay president of syria ?
Until healthcare is fixed you have no credibility
Senator Rubio few minutes ago Maduro Regime dismantled the National Assembly everyday counts. Please Help Help

Too bad you left out Charlottesville. MORE white supremacist & hate crimes from THEM since trump!
Marco better step to support our President asap or you will not see and my supporting you ever again.
And @realDonaldTrump can inspire nazi white supremacists to kill American citizens.. #IMPEACHTRUMP #alternativefacts #Theresistance
The only evil are Nazis. We will get to #ISIS after we are done fighting them.
Trump the #westie to Sen Rubio Stand up for America. Top Dog inspires hate racism white supremacy 
Must resign. Like Kim ignorant fool
Spain is the country that just had all those refugees running on shore right? They all looked like military age men to me.
Trump the #westie to Sen Rubio. Sobering reminder Top Dog inspires hate racism white supremacy violence. Your pack must put America first
Trump the #westie to Sen Rubio. Top Dog inspires hate racism white supremacy. Making USA 2nd rate. Must resign. Not stable.
Trump the #westie to senator rubio.  Top Dog inspires  hate racism white supremacy. Not stable. For sake of America top dog must RESIGN.
Then turn you attention towards home and lock up he nationalist terror group


It's called radical Islamic terrorism! And have you called for the democrats to denounce the Missouri st sen for wanting trump killed?
Why can't we get these extreamists off the net. They are using our freedoms AGAINST us.
And white supremacist hate groups can terrorize and murder in Charlottesville.
Please b quiet..u promised REPEAL an replace..an tax reform.
#SayHisName, you coward

Have you asked where the Trump 30-day plan is?
OBAMA SUPPORT ISIS . TRAITOR LIKE McCAIN. ¡OH ! SORRY. YOUR MENTOR.
How about you do something about the terrorist in your own backyard Mr. Rubio. #Amerikkka #Republiklans
I am sorry sir, that I question your sincerity now, due to your advanced knowledge of these classified tactics and policy that caused this.
Did you report your Soros money on your tax returns!
Check his returns yourself. He promised to release them, then he did. Hmmm, who else promised to release his returns?
But above all, we must avoid at all costs, that extremists seize South America....

Why did you need a reminder?
How about the terrorist attack u & ur Neva trumper mates r doing it the senate & house that's an attack on the American people & their vote
By keeping a white supremacist, racist, fascist, misogynist, president (etc) you are enabling him and have no moral clout to fight Islam.
shut up and go back to writing for #Breitbart - we know where you stand - i expect you'll be attacking #Mueller when told to.
What's your point? We haven't been livening under a rock.
La dictadura de #SOSVENEZUELA, con INCONSTITUCIONAL y fraudulenta constituyente, al estilo castrista, acaba de DISOLVER la @AsambleaVE. #SOS
I still want you to be president when it's His Turn for you to have. God Bless You!!!
Let's all thank George Busch for #ISIS and the cowards of the GOP and Dem's
It is the dogma of extremist ideology needled by #Muhammad himself.
In the family want more and in The Country want more
And  until Trump Is IMPEACHED, and SMARTER minds prevail, terrorism will grow, not diminish. Trump is ruining your GOP. 
Mario be BRAVE!
1- Your word "Jihadist" is inaporopriate here as "Jihad" has strict rules & Reg in certain envronment & has 2b declaired by the ruler
of any Islamic country which hasn't happened so far
2- the world hasn't reached a clear definition of terrorism & the US shoulder big respon
You are a law man Senator and u should differntiate btw words that has a clear definition of terrorism & not 2 misguid ur constituents ..
Just like @POTUS Trump inspired the deadly right wing terrorist attacks in #Charlottesville. And you support THAT monster.
@salemstate
Pershing: "Competent leader get efficient services, while incapable demoralize the best!". https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu … 
Support our President Marco so this shit doesn't happen here.
YOU LEADER SHOULD BE IMPEACHED! FLORIDA IS WATCHING YOUR NON ACTIONS! 2018 IS COMING QUICKLY!


Marco, get back to work. Enough virtue signalling for one day.
http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread1180201/pg1 …
The same can be said of the Nazi's in Charlottesville.
K

Enough if your platitudes.  What are you going to do about the homophobic, misogynistic and racist bigotry of you and your party.


What is wrong with you?  Can you say anything intelligently?
AND IN OTHER NATIONS TERRORISTS GAIN SPACE N VOICE - THX U #BLOTUS!

Good of you to take time out from not supporting OUR President. Insider first, representative later !!!
Wish you would use as much energy getting health insurance rates down as you do degrading POTUS
Quoting you here: "As they lose space in #Syria & #Iraq #ISIS".... Hmm ..Trump gets credit right? Right? Cant say it huh? Can't do it huh?
We, the civilized world, must come together against this evil, ..BarcelonaAttacks  This is a great tragedy for me personally ..

and @POTUS can still inspire Nazi/KKK/white is right attacks.
Open your ears Sen. That's what the POTUS  has been saying. Time for the HOP to get on board and help the President protect us.
You took on the new approved lingo very quickly.
Rubio, why are u a coward at a time that our President needs support? U don't have to agree with him but public shame is telling
need border protection and block entry until ISIS is dead,. also need support of @POTUS
American Terrorists are my concern. Deflecting to global issues isn't working. Americans are putting the threads together. Enemies within.
and go again and again even Asian go too so bad
Islamic jihadist attack little Marco
Stay safe brother.
Worry about ur country first
Civil war is about to happend
Start is from 43 president Iraq war
Why don't you just tweet some inane scripture?
But what about the Nazi's terrorizing this country?
It took you an entire day to condemn #AltLeft Islamic terror? WTF is wrong with you! Shame!
Anyone in GOP who virtue signaled about the staged event in Charlottesville, but failed to do the same for Barcelona, needs to go!
Where is Repeal and Replace? The GOP Senate has done a historically terrible job. You'll never get a job in football after you're voted out.
Grow some balls Little Marco and support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
It's called being mobile little Marco 
What do you call the white supremis protesters
Isis is right-wing and conservative.
space jam was a hoax
We need to have peace with ISIS. Maybe sit down and have a coffee and talk things out.


Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
John 16:33
These #things I have spoken to you, that in Me you may have #peace. In the #world you will have #tribulation; [1/2]
