Yeah keep up the over breeding & overdevelopment that will cost us ALL vs. fixing the problem like an adult #ChristianFraud
Did you let the people there know what the Gop has planned for their healthcare and their up and coming increased taxes?
Now that we know Putin was dangling $ 4 mil in front of DT just 6 mos before you said this, you need to address it!
We know it was a joke...But it's not #ImpeachTrumpPence
It been reported Democrat Soros funded Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio John McCain Gov John Kasich Lindsey Graham to keep Trump getting Elected
YES AND THEY WILL TRY TO BLACKBALL TRUMP ANYWAY THEY CAN..EVIL
Stop Graham Cassidy - work together for a better plan, This is not it.
#REPEALITANDFORGETIT
Did you mean POS? Which of course would be a step up for him, lol! jk (kinda)
#AntiChrists

Hey maybe after you see all the destruction you'll think twice about STEALING AMERICAN'S HEALTH CARE
The GOP are disgusting people they took a crap on the hot potato and plan to throw it to what they think are gullible governors!!
Do the right thing and #SaveDACA
Destroy.  DACA.
#climatechange is real
I remain a fan of Judge Hastings since my days in law school in Akron, Ohio
Just because a lot of Republican supporters want minorities dead doesn't mean I Congress should be playing Hitman which is obvious!!
Ryan and GOP thinks that our governors are blind and dumb they wish to unload the guns and send our Governors on a hunting trip to fail
Paul Ryan should be impeached for being an ass
Republican voters are watching &we will vote like never before. R U willing to give up everything in your healthcare you R taking from us?
@marcorubio @RepCurbelo Stop using #IrmaRecovery as an excuse to NOT address #ACA repeal. Shame!
Paul is worried about Paul's pocket book
Ryan it was President Trump and his cabinet that deserves credit for the great effort with the hurricanes! You did nothing but give speeches
B4 DT was potus I respected u as sp of the house a few months ltr &u have lost all integrity & credibility.Big disappointment SAD!

Step down Ryan, Trump wants you to quit sucking up on his coat tails. You have no chance in 2020!
Why are you not working on Americans business in Washington?
Why do you hate Hispanics?
None of you care about people or you wouldn't take Koch $ in exchange for THOUSANDS of lives ea year
Stop riding coattails
Yes The effort of President Trump and his cabinet along with volunteers did the Great work! Do something positive stop the Russian investiga

NOT a FEDERAL taxpayer expense to help anyone recover. Not ours expense to rebuild, replace, etc. Let insurance and the state do the job.
You are not the President! Get to work!
So how does cutting govt budgets fit into hurricane response? Going to have military shoot at the next one?
GOP are credit card junkies w their master Conman Trump a big fan of filing BK. They are NOT fiscally responsible.

It's important to save people from Hurricane Irma so that they can die because they can't afford their medication. Thanks, Paul!
Mr "let's ruin everything as fast as possible"
Also, today, there was a hurricane in Puerto Rico .

Stop thinking politics is a team sport it's not you were voted by the people for the people not party or special interest groups
We know what you did and you will be removed from office for it hopefully in handcuffs SOON
What about the citizens of Puerto Rico? Not important?
When are you going to start paying your fair share of taxes
Looking for business opportunities and ways to profit from the human misery and suffering
Why are you not working on totally REPEALING OBAMACARE! #HelpallAmericans #Keepyourcampaignpromise #PressConffakehelpforhurrvictims
NO DACA..BLOOD SUCKED AMERICA ENOUGH
Nobody is watching you. You are a liar and deceiver like rest of your party. You can't change that until you stopmlying and deceiving. Fool
Koch Bros are now controlling both the house and senate. Mercer owns Trump and the rest of us get screwed.
did you invite Senator Nelson?
Mr. Ryan, for your info 3 Dems were arrested outside Trump Tower in N. Y. Hoooray the New York finest did a great job!
Build the wall, Paul!
GOP eunuch

https://patribotics.blog/2017/06/09/paul-ryan-taped-with-russian-ambassador-on-gop-money-laundering/amp/ …
@ChristieC733 @POTUS NULL AND VOID RYAN
What don't you understand? Get the fuck out of our state. At this point the whole state will need to be boiled to clean off your filth.

Mr. Doublespeak wags tongue and moves lips like he cares. No reasonable person believes a the 'word like' sounds he makes. Do Not Trust!
Charges trespassing on Federal Lands! This not Africa ! Goat thieves no rights in USA ! ®™©
Please resign Paul Ryan and Sen Rubio need people that put American citizens safety first
As useless as a third ball.
You are little snub. You simply don't matter. Nothing about you is important.
For Gods sake, SHUT UP. Conservatives know you're whoring off hurricane #IRMA
You support amnesty.  Therefore, we, the common folk, do not support you.
