Why? #CorruptClintonNetwork
That's CCN, not CNN 
What is your point...they are Corrupt  Clinton Network! 
Are you implying that Clinton has shares in the network, or that Clinton owns part of the network?
I am implying you are a stupid LIB!..Go away Fiji & figure it out, I assure you it is not that difficult! 
Insulting retorts only show your lack of knowledge on the subject. Given the fact that youbiriginated the comment, sad, very sad. Yugely sad
What IS "youbiriginated" .... New language? Yep, you are the smart one!
*you originated, thanks for pointing that out bro.
Please stop backing up Trump.  Country before party. Unless you would like to go down with them.
If our country can't recover from the Democrats insane jabbering it will not be this Presidents fault.
Wow , the denial runs deep.
i think our reps should spend more time in the senate and congress halls instead of TV studios
WHY ?
Where. Is flynn
CNN is a disgrace. Shame  on you.
traitor.....my family and I will never vote for you again
Docs: US Senator Marco Rubio took $1 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman last election cycle.

#TrumpLeaks #TrumpRussia #Resist
CNN? Really?  See you at the polls. Voted for you once. Never again.
Stay away from those guys. Let @RoamingMil interview you.
Why lower yourself to go on CNN?
Try not to knock our President too much
Why?  He's terrible, and he's terribly guilty.
Of what? You buy into the lies of those who push a false narrative to try to nullify an election they lost. No evidence of any wrong doing
Terribly guilty of treason silly. The Russia Trump link. Not the election that makes him terrible
You got proof of that? Because I've got proof of a Hillary/Russia connection. Too bad you're not up on the facts
Forget that Hillary sh*t watch what Orange Julius is selling weapons to the HOME of ISIS and the 100mill they gave 100 million to Ivanka.
Those weapons will be used against terrorists and Ivanka gets nothing of that money. You need to do more than skim headlines
You live in the clouds
Wow you are cool not a Fox fixated leader?
Stop talking to the enemy of America.
CNN hates republicans and only report lies. Shame on you.
Lots of media exposure doesn't make you a better US Senator.
What so you screw our president over some more
Lil Marco is just one of many RINO's trying to take down our President. We need to kick them all to the curb.
Yes sir agreed
RINO Rubio
That won't exactly shock anybody... Maybe you should live there.
You should feel right at home on the Clinton News Network b/c you NEVER back up your President.
2007: 14.5Tr$ GDP, 25Mil on Food stamps.
2017: 18Tr$ GDP, unemployment <5% yet 45Mil on Food stamps!
Welfare reform badly needed!
Town hall is something politicians do
Fake news.  #CnnFakeNews
Y talk to them? Fake news!
Why givr CNN the chance to talk crap about our POTUS
As a constituent, disappointed you are going on CNN. Why are you doing this?They are 93 percent against conservatives.  Office never answers
Well that sucks
DO YOUR JOB, Marco. Stop glorifying yourself. You should be a private citizen, remember?!
McCain Jr
Make sure whatever you say it's ok. With your buddy George Soros.
Figures you would be on CNN.   Looking forward to next primary.
Why? You are irrelevant. Go save Honduras 
sorry, I can't watch CNN even for you!
I never watch CNN.
How about giving some of the positive things that the Republicans are doing?

Why?
Have some cajones and defend POTUS!
Be grateful to whistle blowers and media or we would still be in the dark. If the boss is corrupt u can't tell ur concerns, risk dismissal.
Why are the Dems allowing Liberals to make all the accusations and avoid answers?  Can't win with defense only.  Plenty of questions!
Comey himself, stated that Hillary should have known better, than says, no intent?  Her "intentions" should be 2 protect Top Secret intel
Help Americans understand. Legal minds say, "intent" is not a factor and Comey usurped authority of his superiors to give Hill a pass ?
If Comey thought Hillary was innocent by lack of intent, Y did her Chief of Staff, Sheryl Mills, need immunity?
Who agreed to Mueller a lead investigator?  Too close to Comey & FBI reputation.  Can't be neutral, you should object, keep looking.
OAN Reports - 60 members of congress sent letter to FBI, alerting them 2 Hillary's pay 2 play scam.  Using foundation & philanthropy 2 cover
Please tell us you are running again in 2020.
Support our president little McCain.
Earn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 2500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link at http://dollartent.com/?ref=171612 
Really !!  Your a traitor
Death of DNC staffer, Seth Rich was pay back for releasing DNC emails to Wikileaks.  Russia story, convenient coverup.  LOCK HER UP!
Despite close contact with robbers, Seth Rich was murdered with valuables intact.
Cash, phone & watch, not taken? Seth was murdered 4 emails
Seth found w/bruises on hands, knees & head, 2 bullets in back. Thrown face down on knees, odd posture 4 robbery?  Looks more like execution
That's a perfect network for your bs
Leak heroes go to press since GOP has yet to find any courage. Just once put country over party. Cries to impeach if it was a Dem #Hypocrisy
DNC sraffer, Seth Rich murdered, days B4 he was 2 testify about voter fraud & Hillary's emails.  WPD says, robbery gone bad.  Nothing taken?
Explain why Comey should be able to talk to Mueller before committee and why FBI didn't see DNC hacked servers or the emails betw HC/DOJLL
Why R Republicans so silent?  DNC staffer, Seth Rich is said to be source of 44,053 emails sent to Wikileaks.Same # blamed on Russia?
Great job by @marcorubio on @NewDayCNN with a glimpse of what might have been.  Had he won, I might still be a Republican.
I don't have time to watch juniors blathering on TV
other way for months while PAY4PLAY, all other conflicts of interests occurring. Congress did nothing.  NO trust in you
Please take a stand with our @POTUS ! Tired of Republicans who can't be counted on to support him! #standwithpotus
Listening to you c/o leaking to press instead of Congress is a joke. I wouldn't trust Congress. All of you have looked the
I watched it. Instead of calling out the whistle blowers why not ask @potus to stop doing/saying illegal things that need to be revealed?

Why do you go on this fake news network?
Will make sure not to watch it.

why? to spew more Soros funded trash about our President? you were my pick early in the primaries and now zero respect for you.
Fake news!
Leaking ingormation to us is the only way we are going to find out since everyone from trump on down lies to us & keeps information from us.
Are you going to probe that you are a person to declare,defend your values with dignity?. Are ypu going to expose Obama?
Fake politician on FAKE NEWS
Why would you even waste your time?
Please explain all these proposed cuts to the poor in this Country. This is some evil shit going on.
CNN sucks
First of all your a sell out....i heard you say the justice dept number one client is presedent i thought it was we the people
Matthew 7:12 In EVERYTHING, treat others as you would want them to treat you, for this fulfills the law and the prophets. Healthcare?
Stop making damn excuses for that fool!! He knew he wasn't a politician. No one trust you & trumps admi. Liars & schemers!!
"That's really more of a legal question." Good thing you're a LAWmaker with a degree in LAW. Go ahead next time, you're plenty qualified.
Ready to trash our President to make yourself look objective and cool with the liberals I bet.
Rip them a new one
Admin worried abt leakers but leakers also can't trust admin. Trump loaded it with possible traitors. Who do they go to w/out being fired?
Marco, the more I hear you talk on CNN, the more you are sounding like a Democrat. Are you planning on changing parties?
Spent the majority of the time attacking leakers, oh wait, he isn't attacking leakers...I'm dizzy listening to Little Marco.
Your hypocrisy of condemning "leakers" N the WH is unbelievable Everyone knows that the biggest & most dangerous "leaker" N the WH is Trump
While leaks are not within rules, the content of the leaks IS IMPORTANT, possibly illegal. If not leaked, would go unchecked. FOCUS THERE!
RINO!!
You are making excuses for Trump. It should be Country first. Can't wait until you are voted out.  Taking any more bribes?
You're worried about "leaks"?! Just stop! Your commander in chief is the biggest leaker.  Perhaps focus on him since he's the problem!
While u r there, let them know they can take a breathe from the Russia fake story to cover the terror attack
If you need to watch your every word, maybe it is because what you are saying is not in the best interest of the US.
Bring truth with you..
Why? I would never ever legitimize  that criminal news organization by giving them a legitimate interview-
sad sad sad....thank the whistle blowers...thank god we have leakers.....
Complete idiocy...national security secrets being leaked & printed. What's wrong with ur thinking? Don't answer...I don't reply to stupidity
Why?
Thank you senator for not telling us to "enjoy."
And for being willing to go on other networks and not just the Trump channel.
Good Luck.
He needs 15 more minutes of fame...
Getting really OLD!!!!!
Listen closely.. hear that? ....NOTHING THATS RIGHT!
No is listening to @marcorubio or @CNN lol  
NOW   YOU  ON THE   PRESS  MELIH  ...  NOW FORM CENCH .......
WHY GO ON SUCH A LIEING NEWS CHANNEL? THEY CONSTANTLY LIE ON TRUMP.
It is spelled lying.
We don't watch the Counterfeit News Network.
Why would anyone go on that BS network?
Why are you giving that outlet the time of day? WHY? You think you're going to win those people over. As if. Sure to trash you in due time.
"Approximately"
Stop going on that network. You are enabling their complete and utter propaganda and false reporting on a daily basis.
you must mean fake @foxnews. Talk about brainwashing and ass kissing Trump.
Why fake news CNN? Focus on legislation and helping our President with the agenda we elected him on. Wall, tax reform!
I pray your mouth is filled with boldness
Good luck?
God help you
CNN is looking to make you a poster boy. Watch out !!!!
How does POTUS feel about you being on a "fake news" show?
And stop falling for this fake news...
That's EXACTLY where you belong. On @cnn where you can spout your BS.
Sorry don't watch @CNN
You are starting to self-promote like the master himself, #TrumpleThinSkin.  Maybe we should begin referring to you as #RubleThinSkin!
Wish you wouldn't waste your time w/ @CNN
Why ??????????
Hope you point out the positive and negative events they refuse to cover
Why do you give propagandists CNN any of your time? Are you fake too?
@SenateGOP @GOP
I hope you don't say anything bad about POTUS He needs all our support
No religious quotes please...
I real man would speak their mind to CNN at 8:15! They are not covering the President in the Middle East and little on terror incident!
Your words are nothing senator Rubio, action is what the American people seek. ENOUGH BULLSHITTING AROUND SENATOR ! AMERICA FIRST !!!
Watch your back 
How abt taking a stand for truth & denounce Trump
Because That's a lie.
Do THIS COUNTRY a favor... STOP TALKING & DO SOMETHING! Our country is the laughing stock of the WORLD
Going on CNN proves to me that you are a anti-trump, anti-American.  You will never get my vote.
Not to worry- he just talks up a storm but votes with trump every time -even if it's bad for #fla land and his constituents .
would you please focus on legislation and maybe condolences for the terror attack from last night....& not pander to #fakenews
Block 3
Closet Dem
Get something done! No excuses! I'm GOP in FL we are watching!
Why? To talk big and do nothing? Like always. 
#ToothlessTiger
You slam Marco for no reason!!
IMPEACHMENT IS COMING SOON. TRUMP IS LAWYERING UP AND HIS STAFF. THIS MAY BE THE BEGINNING TO THE END OF TRUMP / NIXON IN HISTORY BOOKS. 
And yet every single accusation has not one shred of evidence. Not one. Why?
Why don't you man up and call them out for lack of UK bombing coverage and no live feed of Trumps Jerusalem speech?? Or just stop tweeting
But didn't you love the live feed of placing the electoral college map in the wall. Talk about a "pathetic winner". He is a joke
Shame on YOU RUBIO, GOING ON CNN!
Huh?
don't take the bait from fake news CNN....
Why? They are not reputable and certainly not your friend.
When you speak, speak for America, not your partylines.
Tell that to Democrats.
To say nothing. Yay.
Wellll, he likes @NICKIMINAJ , sooooooo..... lol
