This is the logistical challenge I want @DeptofDefense given the task & authority to solve. Hopeful we will see that begin today
Send. The. National. Guard.
It's true
PR teamster Union, who backs Dems, called a strike. Only 20% showed up to move the aide

Ummmm maybe FEMA could help distribute????
If @POTUS didn’t wait so long to respond, things would be different. 5 days before 1 FEMA worker arrived is too long.
@Potus declared PR a state of emergency before Maria made landfall.
Inadequate resources per ARMY, FEMA and local leaders. Somewhat beefed up after got shamed by @HillaryClinton, locals, media...
Have you ever heard of something called a helicopter, our military has THOUSANDS of them,100's+ needed in PR DAY'S AGO ! #TaxBurdenRubio
Hi Marco! Your party leader (POTUS) is attacking Puerto Ricans for needing help and calling them lazy. What is your response to this?!

This is all planned - PR Defaults on Debt,TPTB Geo-Engineer Storms/Flooding, Destruction & Mass Evacuation to Never Return, Buy Land Cheap..
A local of Puerto Rico said that he went to port for supplies multiple times and he was told to go away and come back in a few days. Hmm...
Could it be that the local truckers were told not to deliver supplies because of their connection to the Clinton Cartel? Hmm...
I listened to the mayor on Maddow-Trump's attacks on this women are sexism & racism and disgusting to the people of Puerto Rico SHAME on GOP
No, he was accurate as far as that weak mayor is concerned. 
She fails to lead, though must have a print shop open
#Pathetic

But the Trump administration is doing nothing! The leadership under Pres Trump is excellent!
So why isn't that issue being addressed? People's lives are on the line.
San Juan's Mayor Cruz has not helped with this problem!
Its distribution because local teamsters are on strike!!!  Said union an ally of SJ major, who says FEMA is failing. Coincidence. Think not.
Because your 45 did not send "boots on the ground" NO US state should have to beg for help!
There are boots on the ground.
Most of the "boots" haven't left.  POTUS did not give orders in timely manner. Now he is rushing for optics doesn't get logistics of it.
There have been 10,000 boots on the ground for days. Puerto Ricans are doing nothing to help themselves.
Can the mayor drive a truck? Food and water have been there since Saturday:
Maddening. 
3,000 shipping containers packed with food water & medicene have been sitting at the port in Puerto Rico since Saturday 
They are a US territory, we sent help to Texas before Harvey hit and more after. The orders for this didn't come until almost a week after.
That is what the media wants you to think. They lie.
There should have been boots on the ground last week. 10,000PR, 30,000 & 40,000 TX & FL! Fair?Helo it in. Big FAIL
Apologize? Why? PR is a territory. They should have had a plan to distribute help
So FEMA screwed up.  Why wasn't stuff strategically pre staged? Including diesel reserves to move everything.
THEY WERE THERE DAYS AGO.
Sir, I wish Marshall law be imposed to disburse supplies over local politics imposing their legal blockade.
Duh! Send people to distribute the items needed. Why is this so difficult? No people handy? Hey, what about the US military?
It would probably help if the truck union wasn't on strike and blocking people from delivering supplies
Wow- is that supposed to be helpful?  Like saying "it's not that the well is dry, it's that there's no rope or bucket to get it out".
There is nothing left. No roads, they have to be rebuilt to get there . Doesn't happen over night
less than half showed up for work! Should of been on duty before the storm! Blame the governor, the boss!
I just suggested they set up Tents at Port. Bring People to Food & Water if you can't get Trucks moving & Drop Food/Water from Air 
And just how do you propose they get there. No fuel, no communications, roads blocked.
POTUS talks about taking out NK like it's easy, but getting supply distribution going to an island of starving citizens... no can do?
Sometimes nature rears its ugly head and there is not easy solution.  E.g. HAITI?  Still in a situation of total devastation. REALITY.
Would you like facts on our response to Hati?
Um, it is still a disaster.  Clinton Fdtn funds were a joke.
You pivoted poorly. But you should really ask yourself: is the US really not capable of this? Then maybe we should stop taunting the world.
Maybe if she met with FEMA it would help instead of CNN
LOL, this crazy lady probably doesn't even speak Spanish!!
Listen the the end of this video where she's praising Obama for releasing Omar the terrorist
What's REALLY going on in Puerto Rico
+a little perspective on the San Juan Mayor
whose description of US efforts contradicts the Governor's 
I have relatives from Puerto Rico, but moved to US in late 80's. They're living in FL right now.
A distribution problem is still a problem. Oh and by the way climate change is real
Oh and by the way #liberalsRmorons
LOL
then get the truck drivers in the Guard down there
You need trucks and fuel and somewhere that wasn't destroyed to stir the fuel l. Then you have to clear mud slides,
our military should have been sent last week to clear roads & bring fuel. They can set up a city in the middle of nowhere they can do this
takes time -- have to provide for themselves and take care of the problems
They r taking care of themselves, they r also dying, drinking out of creeks, hungry,  many lost everything but Trump golf's & criticizes
if ignorance is bliss you must be very happy
The live feeds are fake but Trump's telling the truth? You're ignorance isn't bliss it's just ignorance
Why don't we already have tens of thousands of troops there to save American citizens?
Hello!  Did you forget Irma and Harvey?!?!
Not hardly. I live in Florida.
Why don't u start telling ppl of PR 2start helping eachother out & start distributing themselves. That's how Texas &Florida r recovering.
According the MSM the only problem is Trump. So what are you saying???
He is in charge of this administration. He has the ability to pick up the phone and have people there. He gave away high level jobs to
The unqualified and inexperienced
Tell the truth Marco problem is the SJ Mayor is a crook & incompetent who is blaming Potus when she is the prob! PR Truckers won’t deliver!!
Time for you to start showing love to the president
Here's the main problem: the jackass mayor who spends more time on cable TV news than she does on the streets helping her people.
Try no to keep sending expired food
its time they started helping themselves --
Mayor of SJ gets the cell block next to Ray Nagan. Damn Dem insists on playing politics with suffering people. Malfeasance!!
No, it's literally missing none of the problem. If we can put a man on the moon we can get a boat to Puerto Rico.
Armchair QB-ing from Little Marco. All talk no results no real support of our @POTUS
People of PR need to pitch in and try to help us help them..instead they just complain.get off your ass's and move that product.. wtf
Do they want it spoon fed to them ...there it is come get it wtf
That's where the ppl that run PR come in. Do we have to personally hand them out supplies. News flash stuffs here come get it

For those who don't let the truth get in the way of a good story here's the actual timeline of massive federal response in Puerto Rico-> 
Ever notice how culture MATTERS?
PR was poorly governed prior to the storm. They were to the point of bankruptcy. They want to blame the mainland.
Some criticism. Some. The rest is legit and tragic.
You should be praising our president for trying to get help to PR. Out of 78 mayors only one democrat mayor is criticizing Trump. Ridiculous
She wasn't at first...then got her orders from @HRC !!!!#MAGA2020

“If this was Texas there’d be 55,000 soldiers in PR... the execution has been horrifying.” - Curt Schilling, on Fox 
Corrupt politicians are once again the problem.
Bet that mayor and her pals have plenty of provisions!
So that part of the work that needs to be done is that crappy Mayors job.
We gain nothing complaining! Thank God action is being taken! Hope everybody cooperated instead of resenting what has now a solution. Thanks
.@marcorubio Hope you finally figure out the distribution "problem" is one created by Unions in Puerto Rico
You seem to have misspelled "catastrophic flooding & hurricane force winds that destroyed #PuertoRico roads & communication infrastructure"
No we understand @marcorubio Marco. Where were the troops?  Boots on ground buddy.
If the aid doesn’t get to those who need it, it’s useless. It’s FEMA’s job to help people.
One serious problem has been the Democrats playing politics and directing the Mayor of San Juan to hold distribution of food and water!  Sad
Not a "problem", residents are refusing to distribute. Sinful.
We have helicopters. Don't get soft
No shit Sherlock, they need help distributing, helicopters perhaps, figure it the fuck out and make it snappy! Republicans = useless
So STAND UP & say that!! Go on ur fave CNN & FIGHT for @POTUS instead of allowing all to lie about it!!!

Thank you Captain Obvious.
No

Problem is @realDonaldTrump only wants it handed out to people who say he’s doing a good job & kick his boots

Everyone else can go away
If the support doesn't get to the people in need it's as if it wasn't there at all. Stop acting like we are getting so much help
Yes indeed!!!
No matter what this great @POTUS does the sore losers will lie & say anything to try & bring him down. #MAGA
Marco, you coward..you can criticize Mayor Cruz WHEN YOU GET IN THE WATER
That's what military is *for.* But military couldn't act until given orders by--whom? By the Commander in Chief, who was golfing all weekend
Oh, hey, look, as usual he’s giving an actual reasonable response. Unlike petty, insecure, know-nothings who demand absolute adoration.
There are these machines called "helicopters." Only half the number of those deployed in Katrina have been sent out.
We KNOW that because the Mayor has been making that crystal clear going on two weeks now!
That’s why our military needs to be in there
How much money has the government spent on equipment over, say, the last 16 years?  Helicopters? Ospreys? Heavy cranes & dozers? FIX THIS!
Not to mention our federal procurement process could use a little streamlining also.
oh well if no one thought about that well then that's cool??? WTF
Stop spin sir
Be honest local govt inept and corrupt have mismanaged PR filed bankruptcy in may $118b San Juan mayor not working w/FEMA
Problem is local inept & corrupt bankrupt $118B government
dangerous and historic.  Get better informed . What Trump does at every turn is show his racism and disrespect and it will cause death
IDEA to Help PR: Send more Cruise Ships to anchor around the island... floating hotels on the water. Please forward this to the president!
But what is/was the reason for the distribution problem?
Ugh, #CarnePuerco how dare you. It's why  in FL would not vote for your ass...
20% drivers showedup union wants more money todrive trucks! Incompetent major.union boss using crisis!
They r just playing politics with people lives. So they save the good until trump gets there, so he can be like the big savior of the hour?
Union Workers are also on strike, they're not moving
When are you going to condemn this morning’s remarks by @realDonaldTrump? He’s blaming the victims and you and the @GOP are enabling him.
Ponte las pilas y hagan las cosas como debe ser. Tu sabes muy bien que a Pto Rico lo tienen siempre menospreciado
We sent 8000 troops to Haiti in 2 days. First accurate forecast of this was 15days ago. This =desperate failure on a throw away brown island
FAKE NEWS. If distribution is a problem, let the PRs do as they're doing -- distributing it themselves! You helped to elect DT, Rube-EE-OO.
My biggest critique is @ POTUS' rude & unnecessary comments in his tweets towards Puerto Ricans and the leaders there. 

#dividerinchief
TRUE! Watched a clip @ airport not accepting clothes, need 2 verify new for sanitary reasons. But it's ok to let people soak in a cesspool?
So now you're making excuses for the POTUS and his insane behavior?
Maybe the mayor of San Juan could figure out how to distribute the stuff
Your honesty is surprising,but very nice to see.
Problem is lack of caring, foresight, planning, & execution, in other words, a total lack of LEADERSHIP!  Response was slow & not to scale!
FEMA's own Mission statement is to support our 'citizens' first. Getting supplies to the island isn't the same as getting them to the people
It is very simple..It is oral and lasts for six months.  The Cholera vaccine. Please look into as being airlifted asap. Save children!
Oh shut the fuck up you bloody coward
You aren't serious are you? Get your ass on a plane and get OVER there and SEE how much of a mess it is! Do NOT defend Trump on this.
No shit...our government should be on the ground distributing water & food. Republicans fail every time ! The head of your party is the KKK!
Marco you are the voice of reason in all this.
Exactly! Where is National Guard, US Army, Marines, aircraft carrier, Red Cross?
They need more that 10000 troops to achieve that, buck stops at the Golf course! #SOS #SavePuertoRicoNow
She needs to distribute all that water in relief behind her instead of hoarding it
Good Puerto Rican freind of mine says driver want protection. Says gangs there are very tough. True?
Yea, and whose responsibility is it to distribute the aid? The DoD and who is in charge of that?
Don't make excuses for those that are not doing their jobs!
JUST WOW !!! #spineless
U excuse Trump all you want. U made it there. It took him a week to know they were U.S. then talked about money?
This is what the Democratics and the left media is missing. My husband is part of the ones helping. Hard getting in places to help
Look buddy you can't blame on Trump cat 5 hurricane Puerto Rico gov.of Puerto Rico should have state disaster he didnt
Send helicopters drones and solar generators
Trump doesn't care bc PR DOES NOT VOTE in our election!  
Simply stunning the neglect he has shown to Americans in need...
People are not missing the main problem.The correct assistance was not given,
So fix the problem! And then send even more aid. What is currently more important than helping these people? NOTHING!!
Stop toadying to this racist lunatic, or you'll be remembered as a quisling.
This could be solved by @POTUS showing some leadership and sending sufficient relief personnel. #heisnotfit
Tell your president.Explain in the simplest possible words what the logistical problems are, why hurling insults at the PR people won't help
Because the truck driver union is blocking the distribution. Liberalism kills.
US Military has plenty of helicopters, send them in. I'm a FL voter who wants a new senator
Class Act
Is this a joke? We know this! GET TROOPS INTO PR TO DISTRIBUTE! NOW
Please tell @realDonaldTrump. He says it’s there. “We’re doing a great job”. I don’t think he really understands. At least I hope that’s it
Oh, shut up. You're nothing more than an opportunistic puppet
Thank you for not jumping on the exploitation fake news Trump hating band wagon like you normally do.
You are so right that shows that you are not doing enough, distribution should have been A-1 priorities!
We already fucking know that,.
We need to get people on the ground with equipment! Gas needs to be distributed and roads cleared so supplies can be distributed!
Yes we know.. Now go try to convince a liberal with an agenda of that.
Gosh, if only the Puerto Ricans hadn't run the US Navy out of Puerto Rico... https://nvdatabase.swarthmore.edu/content/puerto-ricans-force-united-states-navy-out-vieques-island-1999-2003 …
The terrible mayor in San Juan is a man made roadblock.
Zero leadership skill
It's reported local Teamsters want to be paid money corrupt mayor has stolen.
Striking drivers.
What about delay in sending troops & hospital ship? Would not lift Jones Act because some shipping companies didn’t like it
Do you think it is right for the President of the United States, who sits at his golf club, should talk shit about the mayor?
Unions are striking! WTF!
It's a problem that has a solution.....

But the solution isn't a round of golf.
So what are you doing about Marco? I heard you complaining about it as if you expect the President to do more when HE IS DOING ALL HE CAN!
Why is that Senator? Does it have anything to do with local trucker's union being on strike, as multiple sources are reporting?
In that regard
Did mayor of San Juan mention union workers at port are on STRIKE & demanding money first before distributing supplies off boat? #amjoy
Also https://twitter.com/MistyPassions/status/914179932691075072 …
P.S. Oscar López Rivera is a convicted terrorist. 

What was the San Juan Mayor doing?
En reunión con el Senador Sanders para seguir la lucha por la excarcelación de Oscar López Rivera.@Calle13OficialQ 
You are such a jerk!  Make sure someone from FEMA gets there who can organize things and get these supplies to the people! Do something  !
What about trumps remarks?
they even help distribute anything do they need chief's to cook for them to
Emergency Management 101- It is not aid when it does not get to anyone.
Get the hell out import!
& that is not their fault it is because your leader spent the weekend golfing & tweeting about the NFL when he should have been leading.
We also have a problem here with u Republicans, all dead beats, we know what your all about now, this won't happen again! Had your chance.
That is the PR government
It is nice you're supporting @POTUS and @FEMA now - but you're a little late to the party, I think. AND to commenters, PR is not a state.
Thank you for telling the truth.
@marcorubio they are NOT missing the main problems. Why did it take @POTUS SO long to wave the Jones Act to get more help? Oh right...1/2
"we have…a lot of people who work in the shipping industry that don’t want the Jones Act lifted" - @POTUS because $$ matters more to him 2/2
Your friend seems to think it's the Mayor's fault.
Breaking News: Noballsrubio kissed Trump's balls b4 his golf game today; claiming its proof that he always got his behind.
So it's not the presidents fault, it's Puerto Rico's!
What was Mayor of San Juan telling her people? What did she do 2 prepare in advance?What kind of supplies did # SHE stockpile 4 her people?
Nothing, nothing, and...nothing.
Saw where survivors of Hurricane Andrew said some of them had to wait 2wks
Why did these people do no preparation?
So do you agree with Trump's pre golf game tweet against PR or not? And if not, grow some balls and say something.
Failure of Local Government to do any preparation for many years!
Practically everything leveled. No miracles in these situations.
The fastest way to save PR is to remove liberals from authority and start getting things done properly.
Idiots! Trees down all over the island blocking #every road,practically #every tree,flooding everywhere! No #power,#no communication!
The problem is the severity of the need & poor mgmt. If you send lots of aid, you also need to send manpower to distrbute. No gas, no comm.
Well fix it dear Henry dear Henry dear Henry and fit it right quick!  WTF

That is an understatement! Why are you not reporting on the massive ongoing efforts @POTUS has done?
They have a tons of aid supplied, but their truck drivers wont even step up to deliver it. How is that our fault? 
Agree, but FEMA knew that when they landed and saw the devastation.
Wow, a Cat 4 Hurricane destroyed infrastructure and made roads impassable... Who knew hurricanes were so complicated?
#25thAmendmentNow
Why can't we use helicopters to drop food where it's needed?
That becomes the job of the fed gov't because infrastructure damage. They need more help. Pressure POTUS to give it!
This happens when aid goes to Africa and goes missing and into the politicians pockets. Im sure ur getting ur cut too, if u already haven't.
Helicopters? Planes? Aircraft carriers? Drones? Sorry, there’s no excuse. And 45 is golfing right now & trashing SJ mayor. Shame!!
Did you see what that ingrate said?
@ThaDoc76 You mean the Idiot in Chief? Yeah, unbelievable. He’s not fit to lead. Russia handed him pres & he can’t even be thankful. Sad!
No I meant that corrupt moron who was standing in front of a mountain of food and begging for help.
how can you stand by like a coward while Trump criticizes Puerto Rico people ?
Send some trucks then.
@marcorubio you need to keep telling the truth about PR, don't let the MSM lie to the American ppl !
And your reaction to your president's morning tweets? Think he got the problem right?
