They have ruined this country. Why are you thanking them? Thanking them for what?
Can you tell me how they Ruined the country and please remember what they walked into
Google cloward - Piven. He was intentionally fostering dependence on government.
whats your point?
My point is that Obama intentionally tried to sow chaos and destruction.
hahahahah the sad thing is you believe this bullshit
Yes, I genuinely do believe it. I think he was willfully destructive. Carter was incompetent - Obama was malfeasant
I pray for the GOP and our elected leaders that they start having some dignity & start acting like adults.
It is about time we have a president who refuses to play this political correctness bullshit
hey, I think Trump is a disgrace, but I respect your opinion! Let's see what next 4 yrs bring.
Tony, save this tweet for four years. I make a prediction. Trump will landslide the next election.
Bush won his 2nd term as well but was trash no matter what term we're talking about.
Obama won his second term and look at the Dems now Obama's  lasting legacy is President Donald J Trump as the rest will be wiped clean.
i say this with sincerity. He is the first politician in my 58 years that i loved.
Not my first pick but IMO only 1 that could take out Hillary & in my books that makes him GREAT Now if the rest of party will help him MAGA
Seriously what is your problem. He was born in Hawaii. The source is not valid. Joe Arpaio is senile and xenophobic.
The fact that you are posting unsubstantiated information has EVERYTHING to do with it.
what jurisdiction does a Arizona sheriff have over a non case from Hawaii?
Thank you for this courteous tweet, Senator Rubio.
Trump not normal. Republican Party not normal. @realDonaldTrump proven sexual assaulter of women. NOT NORMAL!
What's not normal is Dems running an FBI proven Liar that mishandled classified info 4 POTUS & thinking she should get Top Secret Clearance
Esp. thank you for the 10 T in debt? I know ur trying to be cordial, but this is why u lost.
No, you don't Marco. You hated them.
After you put them down all over the media...should be ashamed of yourself.
Thank you for leading by example.
We hope to never hear from them again!
eres patético ! Lamesuelas
Forget about them.
 Get working on repealing Obamacare@
Yes, thanks a lot to Obama for nearly destroying the country in eight years. Thank God for Trump.
Thanks Rubio! I am proud of our former president and I am proud of you!!!
you got to be kidding thanks for destroying our nation? Is this but kissing for Political reasons??
Nice to see a Republican being couteous and respectful!!
are you kidding. They almost destroyed this country.
did you get permission from Trump to do this
@SenRubioPress @BarackObama @MichelleObama YES thank you for spending tax $ way past what you were allotted for Vacations etc...
:Do not go there w/Obamas! Why are U falling down slippery slope since election started? U R not desperate but act it. Quit 
Dime Marco que hay que agradecerle a @BarackObama ? Por favor hasta la diploacia tiene sus límites
Oh PLEASE, Obama is a Muslim & about ruined this great country by suppresing Christianity. I am glad he is gone
Do U REALLY thank Obama for: Releasing the woman traitor and 330 other drug dealers?
Nice touch Marco, now honor them by doing the right thing in the senate.
@celhenry  @BarackObama @MichelleObama : @marcorubio Keep your Prayers, they are as weak as you. Republicans family values, yeah right.
@celhenry @marcorubio @BarackObama @MichelleObama Great job B&M. 2 bad you did nothing to Help them or the American people! No Spine Marco.
this kind of attitude will get you to the crown, much rather have you then orange with grin
To bad you Republicans were so rascist towards our first African American President. PERFECT
@SenRubioPress @BarackObama @MichelleObama While we undo your service...
A historical 8 yrs Great outreach to ppl.Dignity and Magic! U may reach this seat! U future!
Classy attitude!
I sincerely hope someone jacked your Twitter acct.
Like thanks for nothing. That's like thanking Castro Rubio.
now that's class my respect for your just went way up.
I would add this: Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing.
now..As a Rubio vote no to sessions..no on devos....
thanking them for ruining our country, thanks "Little Marco"
Their voters are NOT going to support YOU...stop the posturing
. Wish you had remained silent. Your words mean nothing. Go join Kellyanne
you typed hardball,now you got Tangercoon 4 Boss, as for me, I'm good cause #NoMoAfterFortyFo44BOMO
u /others were reasons nothing got done, 20children 6adults, if that didn't get ya nothing was, (3
What did u do to help WE THE PPL, u, droopy, pledged Jan 9, 2009, "WeWillDoNothingToHelpPresident,(2
STOP dont do that, 8yrs, u lied, blocked, disrespected, wronged, u laid lame,& NO ONE GOT HELP, (1)
Yeah Right at least we know you won't ever get near his position. Coward. Trump PUPPY
at last some class among a sitting Republican Senator! kudos on taking high road Marco!
DO NOT BE HYPOCRITE< THATS ENOUGH
Ignore this statement #treasonous Rubio #LiarsGonnaLie
I doubt if your kids will be proud of you
couldn't be more disingenuous if you tried
@Avraham5772 @BarackObama @MichelleObama 

I'm one of your many Followers.
You must agree that Obama conspired w/Hillary?
I'm STUNNED   voted for Marco Rubio to support Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors
I'm STUNNED  voted for Marco Rubio to support Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors
I'm STUNNED  votedfor Marco Rubio to support Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors.
I'm STUNNED  votedfor Marco Rubio to support Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors
I'm STUNNED votedfor Marco Rubio to support Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors
Oh yes. Weigh all your options and keep kissing up to ppl for power. The Obamas don't need you.
show thnx by having honor and stop Trump's pay 4play cabinet
It's insulting you thanking people who want to destroy  & U going againist Trump after he asked  Floridia 2vote 4U. (mostU)
.   U will never come close to the integrity of that man
leave with them Rubio - stop playing games by delaying confirming Trump's picks
Thank you, Senator Rubio.  And I can tell by your gaze that you've got your eyes on SOS Tillerson.
They are finally free from having to listen to the incompetent racists in the gop. #freeatlast
Rubio... You're two-faced!
What a hypocrite you are.
Oh please stop tweeting these alternative facts.
show them your appreciation to country by voting no on tillerson! #CountryOverParty
Save you thanks, we see thru you. See Scripture on "double-minded" man.
shame Trump didn't have balls to thank them too. Bravo
A lovely woman! Shows you have taste to appreciate class and intelligence!
Barack Obama encouraged the decline of morals in our country.
Save it for someone who believes you have any honor or decency .. which would be no one.
thank you for acknowledging their service, Marco
@SenRubioPress @BarackObama @MichelleObama Mr. Rubio that is nice of you! God bless America! stand up for pro life!
And let's thank God that we don't have to pay for anymore Obama vacations!
zero authenticity
I find your lack of spine depressing.  You could really be someone if you just get out from under what they are making you do.
@SenRubioPress @BarackObama @MichelleObama You don't care about anyone but yourself and Florida will not.
you tweet a crowd of 160K, but ignore all the marches in our state?
some people have a really short memories as to why everything crashed in 2008, so this is a good reminder that it was not Obama

Shame on you for supporting Trump, especially since you are a father of girls .
this is the hypocritical B.S. That makes my blood boil! You've hated him & worked against him for the last eight years and now?

On Rex Tillerson: Please do not vote to confirm Tillerson today. He is unqualified and his links to Russia are disturbing.
I am an independent, but will vote for you if you do the right thing.
really what good did he do? are you sure you are in the right party?
Want to see more bi-partisan support!
the moment of truth YES he will vote yes there all afraid of DT
Senator, TY for initialing your tweet. You give me Hope. What will you do now to stop the lies coming out of the WH? #leadership
Well Marco it's time to stand up and grow a back bones and say NO to Tillerson for our country.
You are such a tough. but kind man. I so admire a man who IS BOTH. Thank you!!!
quit grandstanding and get your job done getting this cabinet put together
get your act gather and approve these cabinet members
appreciate your thanking Obamas, since Trump basically took a dump on them. Thank you Marco!!
After all 8 yrs obstruction vacations no work for 2 yrs he gave you everything and you gave Fl Zip!
Thank you for thanking the Obamas for their service.  We need more civility between the parties.
I'll post this on my pg vs is response to @marcorubio 's Obama msg: b/c of heart I experienced in person, I think if @marcorubio (cont'd)
lacking in details). But I will emphatically state @marcorubio has a big heart.
or just considering @marcorubio 's  character (imperfect, complex=human) & remember my anecdote (admittedly
More importantly, hope anyone considering @marcorubio 's opins/candidacies/someone who may draw line vs. DT,
my intent is not disrespect, @marcorubio ,& I consider it my duty, check & balances,to Q, criticize politicians.
Even if I ever vehemently disagree w/,criticize,parody your opins or even you personally, @marcorubio, (contd)
just mostly meaningless, always friendly chats/joking around, etc. (cont'd)
zero possible political value to @marcorubio apart from that which comes from kindness, was a pleasure, (cont'd)
disagree or agree w/any of @marcorubio 's polit. views, acts, I can't forget: in moment of anonymity, (cont'd)
in million yrs @marcorubio would remember & absolutely unimportant he does. But no matter how much I (cont'd)
in sitn's that had 0 to do w/politics,etc, by pure chance were next to each other.Can't imag.(contd)
(Would much prefer you in WH now despite our diffs.) I met @marcorubio couple time long ago (cont'd
Thanks for gracious, kind words to them. Won't forget that, despite many diffs. we have.
As a @marcorubio supporter appreciate your kind words @AmStillNotYou. Read your thread and anecdote!
Thank YOU.
Please stop the nomination of Tillerson Rubio. You will be a moral hero. Please the world needs you.
to give Marco credit for this very mature tweet
Senator We hope U will reflect w/your family before casting vote on Tillerson. Your children's future depends on U
I love when little Marco tries to talk like a grown-up
your behavior w Tillerson was childish
@EleonoraSrugo @BarackObama @MichelleObama Yeah thank you for involving USA into 5 more wars..Yeah your services 
@EleonoraSrugo @BarackObama when he came there were only two wars(Araq & Afghanistan)the day he left he gifted us 5 more wars
Rubio has 1 last shot to Actually  show some guts & stand up 4 this Country & its Future..Tillerson=Russian Controlled.
Thank you
you can be hypocritical in this, I don't care. I do care about your vote for Mr. Tillerson!
@SenRubioPress @BarackObama @MichelleObama they will be fine selling access to themselves to foreign governments 
You have a conscience.  Vote no to Tillerson, Devos, and Sessions.
too bad you weren't s little more cooperative when Obama was in office
: You are so fake! OMG
Normal because he would make war on Rossiya, like you and your model McCain
Thank you Marco. You are an awesome example for all of US to follow!
It will be yours in 4 years if you get control of the chaos. Help us! We are terrified.
If you think you're gaining traction with Repubs & independents by thanking Obama for 8 yrs of misery, or by siding with Dems, think again!
Thank you, Sen. Rubio for being gracious. Thank you also for tough questions in hearings. Be true.
Would sound much more sincere if you would have helped & supported our President  O!
@cherokeesher2 @BarackObama @MichelleObama did you lose your talking points? I think Chris Christie can tell you what they were.
I Love you Marco Rubio.
u were supposed to be our president Mr Rubio 
.@marcorubio @BarackObama @MichelleObama Thank you Senator Rubio. Lovely gesture across the aisle and sad that it seems unusual.
Yes, President Obama has been the best president in history. Too bad he is followed by the worst!
Thank you for having respect. Please continue to do what is right for Americans, don't be  bullied.
I thought you said President Obama was deliberately trying to destroy America?
What?? Service=increasing national debt,Benghazi,money sent 2 reno mosques, etc. Marco sour grapes?
If you are doing the talk.
Do the  walk.
Don't became a traitor.
.
Hopefully you don't became a stone in the way join the Democrats cartel.
why would you thank them when they were ruining our country....typical politician (why trump won)
Can you tell Yr new boss to do the same? Good luck working for Donald & Putin
so why destroy Affordable Care Act. South Florida citizens use it Think of constituents PPl will die
boy! Not me!
no we dont they stole millions for themselves they are scum
Don't be a suckass Rubio
Stand up for America- vote down Tillerson Monday- you know it is the patriotic thing to do!
I vote for ppl regardless of their political affiliation as long as they r reasonable and mature.
thank u 4 being civil and mature.
thanking them for what? Your the same liberal progressive big government politician as him.
you got reelected on Trump's coattails
whatever
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2017/01/21/womens-march-on-washington-crowd-photos/96882758/ …              Millions march to protest trump and his agenda.
@chigo5656   LAS.  FARC.  HAN.  VIOLADO.  6.800. NIÑOS. Y.  NIÑAS. Y.  SANTOS. LOS PREMIA CON CURLES
NO WE DON'T!
Lovely u thanked the Obamas. Now, stand up for what is truly right and stop a fascist, cruel agenda.
you misspelled service, it's spelled disservice!
Do what' right for the People!  We will support you! Supports our Democracy!  Now Living in Fear in my own country.  Please!
hypocrite
Please don't destroy my Obamacare!
Rubio kissing up for a future job. You have NO shame.
ALERT #AMERICANS TO REASON #100 to NEVER TRUST #RINORUBIO.  up to the Obamas after they trashed #USA.  SICK!
.@marcorubio You're my Senator & this is an example of the poor leadership you have given #FL I will never vote for you again #Traitor #RINO
Rubio kissing up for a future job. You have NO shame.
@JWGOP @BarackObama @MichelleObama and that's how you run for president...
@JWGOP @BarackObama @MichelleObama Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Marco doesn't know what he's doing.
@CatchaRUSSpy Didnt you say Barack Obama knew exactly what he is doing in trying to destroy America?
Trump is NOT very popular. I pray all you Senators pay attention today and always. 2018 is coming soon and we WILL vote.
@marcorubio Actions more important than words/tweets. Repair your reputation and place Country over Party. Focus on preserving our rights
@JWGOP @BarackObama @MichelleObama You said O was deliberately trying to destroy America. Such a hypocrite. Have u no shame?
really????  They almost destroyed our country. And I voted for you.
The people have watched the liberals true colors - hostile and self serving. Thank you for destructo
"Lets dispel with this notion  Obama doesn't know what he's doing, he knows exactly what he's doing
Senator Rubio is all class.
what?
That is the way! Wish you don't change.
Give me a break
they deserve a vacation after the hell you helped put them thru
(Insert eye-roll here!)
@BarackObama @MichelleObama
if you actually went to work more often, they should thank you too!
And you may have been a good leader. I am so sorry America has lost .
you are a wonderful person that I really admire, hoping ur President someday
Respectful
that kind of word, the people said in funeral
Thank you both for your service to the American people!  Thank you!
no #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is why you should have been Rep. nominee! You respect Democrats. We need more people like you!!
nice
help us keep this new president from destroying everything that the last admin accomplished.
