yes. the values of the current republican party at work, senator.
LAWS. Our laws are at work. If you want lawlessness, live elsewhere.
that's simplistic. not all laws are good policy, and exercising the law for meaningful purpose = using discretion where appropriate.
You set a precedence when you use that kind of "discretion where appropriate". Yes, we need to be compassionate, and SMART. Not easy to do.
Please. Judges who were appointed by the Left and who are dismissing the Constitution altogether. THAT is disheartening. #MAGA
Paid to lie? You've been in the salt mines for too long. Get some fresh air!
Because the same type of regime is being created in our country.
By the Left. Not the Right. Be clear.
You sound like the rest of the lemmings on here
I'm cool with that, as long as they're down with 45. #MAGA
So if "45" grabbed your daughter by the pu**y, you'd be cool with it?
If I had a daughter, she would be taught how to handle herself in situations such as that. Provided, of course, that it was unwanted.
What a Leftist reply. Independent thought. We celebrate that on the Right. Your way or no way? Not here. Save it for someone else.
And now the Trump deportation machine will send him back. Stop supporting Trump and his inhumane policies.
Excuse you. We have laws in this country. Don't criticise our President for enforcing those laws. If you want lawlessness, live elsewhere.
There should be exceptions to laws under certain circumstances. Life is not black and white.
Agreed. But, also remember that those kinds of "exceptions" are setting precedences. Dangerous ground.
There is no action whatsoever, if he has a request for asylum pending, he shouldn't go to jail or be deported. Thats the law, you know it?
What I know is that NONE of us knows all of the details surrounding this. You know it?
Details? The big and only picture is that, shouldn't be in jail, neither be deported if he has a request pending.
Uh, no. He's been detained for a reason. That's the "big and only picture". Settle down and wait it out. You'll know more soon enough.
It will be ok
Why would they want to send him back? What happened to asylum?
Thank goodness, unlike you, immigration officials know we have too many foreigners drawing welfare.
If you voted for Donald Trump this is what you voted for. No more "give us your tired, your poor your huddles masses..."
So what stay in your own country and fix it. We aren't his daddy.
Innocent kids are being tortured every day here in #USA with vaccine mandates out of control. Subpoena William Thompson! #CDCwhistleblower
Vaccines are why you don't know anyone with polio, and why deaths from tons of childhood diseases have fallen dramatically.
Infant mortality rate in US worse than 43 other countries, including Cuba. Autism up 17% in #CA Kindergarteners since last year. #Research
Autism is not linked to vaccinations, at all. There is literally zero scientific support for that argument.
Did he break our laws to come here? 

Rule of Law matters Marco.
Can you please forward your address to your local police so they can ticket you every time you go 1 mph over the limit? Law is the law.
Stupid comment.
Weren't you in favor of this?  Of course, as long as they aren't Cuban... deporting is ok.
Marco Rubio esta intercediendo para ayudar a que no sea deportado Coello y seguro logrará su libertad .y su asilo político aquí .
Ojala que lo pudiera creer.  Siempre ha estado en contra de muchos en situaciones similares.  Hay muchos mas como él que no ha ayudado.
You want US protesters jailed Marco! Just because they're from different country & you don't get support from them, now it's okay? FlipFlop
Yes. That is what @GOP seems to stand for these day. Arrest the poor, unfortunate souls.
In krome there are other Vnzl'ans that were victims of torture and need help. They are ready to be deported. This can't happen.Can you help?
#USAUSAUSA
If there is anything you can do, please do it. Marco will die at the hands of Maduro's thugs if he is deported to Venezuela. #SOSVenezuela
Correcto. Este es el tweet de su abogada
We have just heard from a family representative of #MarcoCoello that he is being released from detention today. 

#Venezuela #asylum
Trump and his storm troopers-ICE: shame on you. They must go, Mr. Rubio. Thank you for your efforts so far.
We need to help Venezuelans not detain them! #SaveVenezuela
No creen que ya esta bueno de seguir aguantando al desquisiado de maduro 
VENEZUELA unete y deside hechar de una sola ves a maduro no tenas.
He had a prima facie case of political Asylum. I believe he filed that petition. Wouldn't he be protected from been detained by USCIS??
jajajaja ja ja ja
You can fight back.I still have hope that the honorable Republican senator who stands up for what's truly right will be from FL.
Here illegally?  Deport him!  Venezuela not our problem!!!!
Under the Castro regime. Most of the military and paramilitary are G2 Cuban  intelligence who are disguised as a Venezuelan citizen.
But Raul Castro himself the mastermind well it was his brother Fidel who controlled Venezuela and now his brother. Venezuela is under the
By the way it sounds great to get out this brutal regime but the people and the military the Venezuelans should oust not just Maduro but
What happened in Miami? Senator please be more specific about this individual. I am not defending the man just saying.
It's all about Justice Senator. There is no doubt in my mind that Mr. Coello will be able to prove "credible" fear to any immigration judge
Hasn't he suffered enough.  Compassion
Gracias por su mención por ese chico sería enviarlo al fusilamiento
We need a fair and logical Immigration Reform!
Inmigración con el caso de Marco Coello queda claro que no están revisando las evidencias solo quiere sacar a los inmigrantes que dolor
Gracias Marcos eres nuestro heroe.. .SÍMPLEMENTE GRACIAS DIOS TE BENDIGA
please senator, help him!
They can't deport him, he should get political asylum, the Venezuelan government has already tortured and killed students they arrest.
This man deserves refuge and safe harbor. Please keep the pressure on this issue.
What does this mean? Isn't this the government that you represent? What can be done to avoid this injustice?
Please keep fighting this, Senator. As the son of Cuban immigrants, you know the horrors that #Venezuela is facing. Insist.
Sick that the US "give us your poor, tired, tempest tossed"..to get out a here! Go Marco
DO YOUR JOB.  #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION #Trumprussia #Impeach45
Do something. This is your parties government. A tweet is just nothing. Shouldn't u be picking the phone and calling homeland security sec?
Yet you backed away from comprehensive Immigration reform in 2014. Bring back BEOIMA and Lead by example. Call for Fair Immigration Reform!
Por favor senador no deje q este chico viva de nuevo la pesadilla. El vivio ya un horror aqui por querer un mejor futuro. no es un malandro
Listen to yourself a supporter of Trump #Shame when you support a Vgna grabbing man which has the same morals as Maduro
merica'
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS The orders given by the previous administration should be scrapped:
help. ..SOS To VENEZUELA. ..
your fascist  president
espero q pueda hacer algo por Coello, encarcelado, en un país q ha recibido a perseguidos del mundo.
Send him back _ it's America FIRST #AmericaFirst
ICE is throwing EVERYONE out.Wake up.Fight these unconstitutional and unconsciounable exec orders & anti-immigrant policies #doyourjobMarco
Why don't you show the same compassion towards our neighbors Mexico 
We're Venezuela now.
Im glad to see our immigration dept. is following thru on our rules and regulations.He has overstayed his visa and has 2 misdemeanor deport.
If true should be given Asylum
You are the one of the few that has been always supporting Venezuelan. Please help
Please SOS! SOS! They are killing students! Avispas negras imported from Cuba are killing those kids
Yeah, that's the republican agenda...
Little Marco, never right on the big things, but likes to take a stand on the small things. Just like him small!
Nice move @realDonaldTrump @PressSec @WhiteHouse @DHSgov
Dear Senator, please help set him free! God Bless You!
And?
Step in
Please help him!
At least immigration officials are working again. Sorry, Mr. Amnesty, build the wall. Stop illegal immigration. Cut back on Visas. @POTUS
Are u surprised? Did u think only immigrants u don't care about are detained?
Marco Rubio , ayuda a Coello ,please . Coello se merece le otorguen asilo político.
Detained. And?  Then what happened.
@Isabel_20017 a Marco si regresa lo van a eliminar. Todos sabemos que es un real perseguido!
 what could have been
Vetting must happen. Political dissidents who are persecuted have ALWAYS been welcome in our country and they always will be!
I agree! We need to protect our borders and the American people.
Well guess he is illegal
@Almagro_OEA2015 most prostesters in VZLA don't know what a heck they R fighting for . Others R hire criminals by opposition OEA
If you put your Big Boy pants on and do the job you are getting paid to do; you may win FL primary next time you run for POTUS.
Constitutionally Congress has the power to make laws.  Don't abdicate your duties & complain about the impact.  #DoYourJob
El es un gran muchacho y también es perseguido político
No tenía asilo político?? Como es posible eso???
What did you expect, supporting a madman
Blessings from CT Senator Rubio! Please keep fighting for freedoms here and around the world.
Qué pasó con el??? Lo mandaron a Venezuela ??
Lo detuvieron mientras asistía a su reunión en inmigración. Dios quiera no lo deporten, porque en Venezuela lo matan.
Si eso leí ! Ay no por favor !! Sigue detenido ??
Sí 
Por que lo deportan si el esta bajo un proceso de asilo??? No entiendo porfa respondame
This courageous young man had suffered enough already! Please help! #SOSVZLA
Please help this young man who has suffered enough defending our common democratic values
Ayúdalo por favor
Call inmigration department and put yourself as a guarantee on behalf of this young Venezuelan student. Pick up the phone, stop tweeting
Senador, no permita sea deportado, en Venezuela lo matarán, como lo estan haciendo com Lorent Saleg despues de ser deportado de Colombia.
Marca: que más pruebas requiere el gobierno de USA que la foto que tu difundes?
Por favor Senador ayúdelo en Usted tenemos plena seguridad que puede interceder para que le otorguen el asilo!  Gracias Dios lo Bendiga!
por qué no sacan a los corruptos lavadolares que viven en florida
No lo vayan a deportar, manténgalo a salvo alla donde si se respetan los DDHH.
Shut down the govt Marco - there are Trillions of reasons to do this! Don't fear the left
Help him please
Senador los venezolanos confiamos en que usted haga algo por Marco Coello y no sea deportado. Lo matarían al llegar. Por favor SOS
defend him!!!
Marco Rubio, quit trying to walk the fence and help #MAGA#mypresident
Senador Marco Coello saludos desde Venezuela gracias por apoya. Marco no tiene asilo politico? Qué pasó? No lo pueden deportar
SI VUELVE LO MATAN ES ASI DE SIMPLES , o envian a morir a VENEZUELA .
What can be done to help him?
meanwhile,you have high ranked officials of Venezuela gov's family leaving under your noses:
https://twitter.com/PedroManzoB/status/857193078754594816 …
@RTVE Hermano del Director del Sebin, peor torturador y violador de los D humanos, vive en Miami, urb Vintage Estate NW 70 st y la 107 ave. 
@JMVivancoHRW señores ustedes de qué lado están de e la dictadura o de los derechos humanos o ya también son dictadores
Please help him. Mil gracias es un buen muchacho, no lo dejen solo .
If he can prove his life is in danger, they'll grant him asylum.
Y ahora que va a pasar con los venezolanos que venimos huyendo del regimen de nicolas maduro
si a Marco Cohelo le hicieron eso, prepraren y documenten muy bien sus casos,  no creo que lo deporten, todo se va a solucionar.
If immigration deports this young man, we can assure you that death will be his sure destination in Venezuela.
This is what your administration is doing.  Shame on you.
y que están esperando?
thank you Marco, for ever grateful you will always have my vote
Shame on those officials. Pretty sure they do not know who this patriot is. Let then know.
Thank you @marcorubio God bless you!
Marco please help him &people of Venezuela.If we want to offer any refugees asylum these people will assimilate.They know ills of socialism
Marco. You can help. You are a senator
Por favor senador Rubio. No permita que deporte Marco Coello, lo van a matar aquí en Venezuela. Ya nos están matando SOS 
Por favor ya ese muchacho sufrió bastante! Que esta pasando con el mundo??? SOS para Venezuela!!!
por qué lo arrestan?
He should get amnesty.
It´s sad that a poor kid is detained, while Chavistas that built their wealth through graft and corruption can BUY their way to a greencard.
#FuerzaMarcoCoello #USA is not #Venezuela narco castrista & neither is #Cuba  You are more than qualified 4 asylum. > #Freedom #MAGA @POTUS
Thank you! Please do whatever you can to help Marco! His only crime was to stay true to his values. #VzlaResisteConFuerzaYFe
And detained Under ilegal premises because once you apply as a political refugee you are granted stay while you wait for the whole process.
Is he in the country legally? If so let him go. If not, he's breaking the law! Lawless immigration can not exist within a welfare state.
What are you doing about it @marcorubio?
Asylum seekers used to be allowed to live in freedom while awaiting their hearing.Is this is a NOT WELCOME sign for VEN political disidents?
did he have a visa? if not get out
Senator Rubio, what will you do?  Evil prevails when good men do nothing.
you are my hero!! Thank you for caring about us Venezuelan
Sinó a escribirle al los presidente Piñera, Kozinsky o Macri , que con gusto le darán status legal a Marcos un plan B para ayudar al chamo
Todos en grupo a solicitar ayuda internacional para Marco, otros países lo recibiran sin reserva y lo ayudarán VAMOS TODOS A AYUDAR AL CHAMO
Please help him. He shouldn't return to Vzla. Pls,Pls, thank you.
@realDonaldTrump please help!!!!
Please Stop that from happening
So you are a fan of his detention! Despicable you!
Why aren't you outraged by millions losing healthcare, loss of public lands, environmental degradation and all other Trump horrors?
Este muchacho ha sufrido persecución y torturas en Venezuela  . Por favor ayuden a que pueda vivir en paz .
Please Senator Rubio.  Hope you can help with Marco Coello case. He deserve assylum.
Our world is so messed up.
@realDonaldTrump Shame on the administration!

Mientras tanto @vladimirpadrino está de compras en Rusia, comprando más bombas y armas para matar venezolanos   

Marco rubio one day you are going to the US president. Looking forward  for it

#Venezuela | FAO alerta que Venezuela está en riesgo de una crisis alimentaria http://ow.ly/fTJ330b9bUN  vía @elestimulo 
Marco Coello is exactly the type of case that deserves an executive asylum. He should be released today.
No por favor el es victima de Maduro así como lo es @leopoldolopez  hay mas de mil personas de tenidas @POTUS @vp @RogerNoriega @RosLehtinen
That's your own party destroying America!!  Stop tweeting and do something about it!!!
senador ayude al pueblo de Venezuela hoy de nuevo se enluta la calle al caer abatido por la represion otro joven SOS please
thank you Senator for your attention to this case. Always supporting the Venezuelan cause.
I'm all for the law, this is a political prisoner, he'll be executed.
there are people who truly need asylum
Help him Rubio, u know the strings to pull, this man can't go back, tell the president
intervenga ant president trump para q no lo deporten por favor
Please do not let them deport him. He has suffered enough
Auxilio!!! Si lo deportan no lo va a poder contar!!!
That's awful!
This guy need you help @marcorubio
Thank you for speaking out on this.
well, what do expect, it's what you guys wanted...
Venezolanos en Miami y otros partes de EEUU busque salir de ese país. @realDonaldTrump se vendió por 500 mil dólares al narcogobierno Maduro
Por favor tienen que ayudarlo es una victima de este régimen genocida, no lo deje sólo en este momento.Gracias por prestarnos su apoyo siemp
Remember Mariano Faget http://www.latinamericanstudies.org/espionage/faget-sentence.htm …
Marco Coello tiene pruebas suficientes para demostrar que es un perseguido político de la dictadura de Nicolás Maduro. Please, help him!
Please protect Marco Coello @ICE @StateDept #Venezuela #humanrights
Dejen a ese muchacho allá, aqui no tiene ninguna seguridad juridica.
I usually make some sort attempt at humor on my tweets but I cannot find anything even remotely funny about this.
If the U.S. stands for true Democracy and freedom, we would help those who stand against Tyranny. Past our own motives #Freedom
Ningun vzlano que esten en proceso de asilo político no deben ser deportado, todos irán presos x el gob y hasta asesinados... maduro=asesino
Ud que es solidario con el pueblo venezolano, por favor, haga algo por este joven .Deportarlo es mandarlo directo a la tortura y la muerte!
Senator the future of this kid is in hands of US Immigration. If Marco is deported he will not survive in a Vzlan prision.
These are the values of the GOP and your President. #SAD
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for raise your voice!An entire country thanks you,we are mourning our http://youth.Today ,1more was murder by Maduro's order!
VERY Unfair for Coello who obviously is persecuted by the regimen!But,USA must Watch out for those CHAVISTAS who are asking for US residency
We are here because we hope our children live democracy I see what is happening and I really am afraid 
Because we have a dictator as president
I am tired of reading your tweets about other countries.  FOCUS ON AMERICANS, WHO ELECTED YOUTO PUT TRUMP'S AGENDA IS PLACE, NOT YOUR AGENDA
Give him political asylum.
