Is Rubio senator of Venezuela or Florida? Stands up for Venezuelans but not Floridians.
I think Rubio is doing a great job representing the people of Fl despite his concern about #Venezuela. Drug trafficking matters to everyone!
Appreciate your concern about drug trafficking, but how can you know what is happening in Florida when you live in Canada?
I'm sorry, I don't need to live in Fort Myers to know what's going on in Fl, the U.S or around the world. All I need is read..Good night 
Fort Myers a Canadian haven In winter. Canadians enjoy protected healthcare & are welcome in USA. Rubio refuses healthcare for Americans.
Vas preso a la corte penal internacional narco rubio por dirigir oposicion a cometer crímenes lesa humanidad contra pueblo chavista en vzla
You should worry about being a conscience country here and not hurting people instead of you worrying about someone else
Ladrón asesino narco rubio quieres saquearnos e invadir a vzla. Pero aquí hay un pueblo que defiende al presidente Maduro. Fuera hijo e puta
Narco asesino ladrón Narco rubio RESPETA A VENEZUELA. TU VAS PRESO POR DIRIGIR CRÍMENES LESA HUMANIDAD CON LA OPOSICIÓN EN VENEZUELA.
NARCORUBIO SE CASÓ CON COLOMBIANA QUÉ COSA!!"GANA" PALCONGRESO Y ENSEGUIDITA SU FAMILIAR SÚPERRR NARRRCO SALIÓ LIBRE. DECENTE NARCORUBIO :-D
Please, it's time. Come to Venezuela and help us.
The devil can't help you. You don't know what you're asking for.
Le pides auxilio a unos políticos más corruptos de EEUU.
I really know what USA is, so I ask for their help
Tal vez no estas al punto de la porquería de estos políticos.
Te cambio a Marco Rubio por Diosdado. No se aceptan devoluciones.

Narco asesino vas preso a la haya por dirigir a la oposición criminal al cometer delitos lesa humanidad en vzla quemando chavistas
Felicidades senador,un pais sin democracia es un pais en ruinas!
Venezuelan democracy is under attack by Castro, the mind behind our misery. USA needs to play hard ball & pressure his regime to leave Vzla!
What are you doing about Russia hacking our election and power plant?
AMÉNNNNN
How about in America?  Right now there is no peace and there is no GOP/WH official acting in favor of our Constitution or our Democracy.
Venezuela government is linked to drug cartels @marcorubio knows that if he stops Maduro, we will fight the opioid crisis in south Florida
Ready to go @dcabellor?
PLEASE!!! We need justice soon!!
At least someone in government is talking about #Venezuela. Something needs to be done to help those people. Usually the US steps up.
What about the USA. I would like to hear your concerns.
When is he going to be sanctioned as an accomplice and directly responsible for Crimes against Humanity #CabelloNarco
I can only hope the same to you!!!

Y si me siguen pagando sigo escribiendo si no,no
Senator, we have a criminal regime running the country right now. Focus here please.

God bless your words Marco!
What about you littleMarco, the Russian collaborator? Will you face justice for robbing 30 mill of healthcare for a tax cut? Put u in jail!
Why don't you focus on the criminals in the US like hillary , Susan dirty rice and podesta the alleged molesta to name a few
Do ur job Marco
or how about Trump and Putin Who Controls Trump like a puppet.
Si no nos ayudan a sacar al dictador al menos demnos asilo ayuden a los venezolanos.
Thank you @marcorubio for your constant work in get the #dictatorship and narcoregime out of #Venezuela. We must continue putting pressure.

Maduro,Diosdado,Carlos Calderón Director d Investigaciones estratégicas del SEBIN,Gustavo González: RESPONSABLES D LO Q LE OCURRA A MI PAPÁ
Take your time, we can wait forever
Rubio says "Listen, Peace and Democracy is important for Venezuela, for the United States NOT SO MUCH"
What about Maduro? What does he face?
Oh the irony...
Sen Marco ¿Donde estan las sanciones para Haiti,República Dominicana,El Salvado,Bolivia,Nicaragua por apoyar a la dictadura de Maduro en OEA
POTUS needs to face justice, can't you see that it's "Time to IMPEACH & REPLACE!" Get it done! Remember "Little Marco?"
Thank you Senator for your efforts. No estamos de acuerdo en muchas cosas pero en esto si. Gracias por creer en los Venezolanos
Si el presidente Trump aplica sanciones económicas igual q en Cuba, cúpula d gobierno vzla no pasará hambre igual castro. sino el pueblo.
Really?  What are YOU doing to help shine a laser beam on the injustice & bring justice to Venezuela & the rest of Central America? WHAT?
Usted comparó a @dcabellor con Pablo Escobar, el asunto es que éste señor goza del apoyo del gobierno venezolano tan o más criminal que él.
THANKS SENATOR DINERO QUE PAGA #USA POR PETROLEO ES USADO PARA FINANCIAR  ORGANIZACIONES  TERROISTAS.SANCIONES PDVSA
En nombre de #venezuela, GRACIAS @marcorubio! Por favor sigue ayudándonos.

Periscopio que está pasando? por @estebangerbasi Mi opinión y punto de vista de los últimos acontecimientos d Vzuela https://youtu.be/RsQw89i-fdU 
RÉGIMEN CRIMINAL Q DIRIGE @NicolasMaduro NO ES MÁS Q UNA JAURÍA DE ASESINOS,SÁDICOS, TORTURADORES DESQUICIADOS
URGE #IntervenciónMilitarIntl
God willing, Senator Marco Rubio, our families eat only once a day while the rulers take photos in the restaurant.
@ares2014jar  y Uds @GNBoficial no se salvan.
pactando con el chavismo nunca tendremos paz y democracia. Es indigno, inmoral. No se levanta un país de manos con los asesinos y narcos.
Maduro must go out feet first Mr. Senator, go and get him !!!
Excelente! Thank you for the support
#FakeNews de MarcoRubio!  Si Diosdado fuese "Pablo Escobar de Venezuela" seria amigo de Uribe,verdaderos complices >
Senator..  Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!!!!! for today's session (Jul19) and your help in the situation in #Venezuela
Thank you very much for your support,definitely Venezuela needs USA gov support,we are fighting against more than a regimen,a red mafia..
Soon you'll join them in a cell..
Marco, thank you. In you and Trump we trust!
IMPEACH TRUMP.

Why don't you move to Venezuela.  You obviously care more for them than Floridians.
He whoest focused on evil elsewhere knoweth not of the dangers which lurk nearbyith.
What about the criminal s in Washington especially the White House
Why don't you worry about the crimes going on within our borders by the POTUS AND HIS FAMILY!!
A question? The @CARICOMorg receive more from Venezuela than from USA? Why this little country turned back to US?
WHatcha go'in to do when it's your turn to face justice, #Jellyfish?
Thanks for your treasured help 
What about here, Senator, what about here????
Why are you tweeting about Venezuela when our POTUS (who in my opinion is unbalanced) is threatening Senators about repeal and replace ACA??
Senator Rubio don't forget Tareck El Aisami, he is a drug lord too.
They will also have to face God;s Justice.
@MagiaFarfalla Es nuestro mayor deseo .Justicia tienen que pagar el daño que han hecho al país y los muertos .

Particularmente las que han impuesto en el Medio Oriente y en aquellos países que destruyeron, saquearon y asesinaron tan democráticamente
Venezuela és libre y soberana, no acepta tutelaje de ningún Gobierno extrangero hagan lo q quieran con sus sanciones
Wny dont you worry about us like you do for Ven
. Preso vas maldita rata!
Diosdado Cabello es mucho peor q Pablo Escobar, OE construía plazas, parques, éste trafica más, roba más y asesina más
Marcos rubio tu sabe que tus millones de dolares vienen del narcotráfico eso te permitió entrar en la política mayamera succión!!!
EN TU CARA DIOSDADO CON CLARIDAD TE LO DICE EL SEÑOR MARCO RUBIO.
I LOVE YOU. SOS VENEZUELA
Donde están las pruebas ustedes los gusanos de miami son unas porquerías lanbe bolas del imperio en decadencia ! Viva diosdado

Evryone who complains the help is Marco doing for Venezuela, I tell you to try to live in Vzla just for one day!.
Narcos rubio tu eres el capo mayor de todo miami grácias  con apoyo de la DEA sucio descarado miserable !!!!
Mano dura contra los asesinos del regimen Venezolano, Venezuela y los Venezolanos necesitamos tu apoyo para volver a ser libres, thank you!!
Thanks Mr @marcorubio you are doing a great job fighting against the drugs lords @dcabellor has to pay for all his crimes. Including HR
Eternal gratitude of Venezuelans who believe in freedom, democracy and human rights!!!
The venezuelan pleople live under a continue violence and we  cant win this alone,  we are eating from garbage so pleasse help us
Thank you Senayor
Sr marcos r the only way to get venezuelan gob out is doing an invasion we the venezuelan pleople haven`t guns they are many bad guys
Gracias Senador por su constante lucha contra la narcodictadura en #Venezuela. Su lucha es un aporte importante en nuestra lucha
GRACIAS POR SU APOYO.. NUESTRO PUEBLO NECESITA VER JUSTICIA ANTE TANTO SUFRIMIENTO CAUSADO POR ESTOS NARCOSCORRUPTOS ASESINOS
Thank you for your support Senator
Senador, como venezolana, le agradezco enormemente el apoyo que nos ha dado en desenmascarar a la dictadura.
Criminal? Why dont you investigate the terrorist criminal oposición? They are BURNING CHAVISTAS & sure that makes you happy. Delincuente tú
But will it prevail here?
cabello
Coward
Thank you Senator for standing up for Venezuelans!
VENEZUELA WITH THE CHAVISTS IS GOING TO TUMBAR YOUR WORLD HEGEMONY WE ARE NOT ARABIC COUNTRY WE HAVE HOW TO SPRAY THEM
as hopefully will Marco Rubio if his plans to cause utter chaos and collapse in Venezuela come to fruition
I was reading those newspapers while you were reading books about disasters of US sanctions and regime change strategies
and not interested to know so happy to block
INMORALES WITH 7 MILITARY BASES YANKEES IN COLOMBIA HAVE NOT CONTROLED THE NARCO HAVE INCREASED IN YOUR COUNTRY
Leiste bien @dcabellor ? Te llegó la hora! A todo cochino le llega su sábado! Y saliste rifado mijo! Me dará gusto visitarte en la cárcel!
How about here? Hope u stand up & fight for the rights of people in this country too. U seem to be voting for everything Trump.
How about you worry about your constituency and not Venezuela. We don't care
when? how?
Please go back to Bible Bot mode
Maybe you should run for president there!
When are you and your fellow republicans going to stand up and make trump face justice.

Would be nice if msm reported this important story instead of made up Russia stories.
¿el solo? ¿y donde queda @vladimirpadrino @TareckPSUV y amigotes? Y etiquetelos así les llega el ultimátum DIRECTO
Ok let's replace #Venezuela with the #USA  and @dcabellor  with @realDonaldTrump that's better.
Amen!
Marco send FBI taking all criminals cleans Venezuela please
If you spent as much time representing floridans, as tweeting Venezuela info and Bible quotes, you would be an effective senator.
Why don't you just move there? More concerned with Venezuela than Florida in your tweets. I elected you to represent Florida, not Venezuela.
Maybe you should be focusing on peace and democracy in Chicago, LA, DC?
How about here in America #LittleMarco?  Will peace and democracy prevail under the Trump/Putin admin? Will you finally stand up for us?
Amen.
Para cuando es eso Senador Rubio?
Thank you Senator Rubio, the Venezuelans of Florida appreciate you!
Little Marco you are a disgrace to the Christian Religion, come judgement day your elevator goes down.
PERFECT
You should worry about Floridians more .
How about making sure current admin in US pays for their crimes.
We don't have a democracy here because of politicians like you. Will you ever put country before party? If not, you are a traitor.
Peace & democracy will prevail in the #USA & criminals like Trump will have 2 face justice for their crimes? Dude!  #CountryOverParty
What about criminals like trump? No outrage, no accountability and no conscience? You will all pay. The resistance will take you down.
Ahh, life through rose colored glasses. How's that working in China, Russia, N Korea, Cuba? Demo democracy and they'll crave it not working
Not here till u and the clan get out!
Like what you are doing, keep the pressure on the Marxist gov.
KEEP YOUR NOSE OUT OF VENEZUELA'S BUSINESS.  U NEED TO PUT YOUR PSYCHO @POTUS ON A SHORT LEASH.
Peace & democracy will prevail in #America &criminals like @realDonaldTrump n co will have to face justice for their crimes. Fixed it.
Too bad u won't say the same thing about OUR peace & democracy here in the US..you & your minions are allowing Trump to destroy our country
If only we could count on the same thing happening here. 
Thank you for helping Venezuela and its people! Always fighting for what is right! You have my full support
As an american-born Cuban you should be ashamed of yourself Marco Rubio your disgrace to the Republicans
Igual a su jefe el Burro Maduro.
Si seria que Diosdado entendio lo que dijo el señor Rubio? Como no le ha respondido y es muy probable que Diosdado no sepa ni pico de inglés
Ah yes more concern 4 Venezuela.  What about our democracy, it seems this Administration is handing it over to Russia. Any concern 4 that?
Use Marco.  That's your job
I just hope peace and democracy will live on in the U.S. after Trump & GOP are out of office. Country first !!!
Maldito gusano de mierda jala bola de gringos
Sen. R. where is pressure on House 2pass tough Russian Sanctions bill? This POTUS having mtgs w/Putin w/o US witness!
Amen!
Why are you so concerned with Venezuela, we have a common criminal in the White House you should be paying attention to!
@Dennis27593736   You & your republican colleagues support lying autocrat in WH & you have nerve to speak of Venezuela?
How about here in USA
How about democracy in USA. It seems GOP has no problem with dictatorship at WH.
And here in the US you will pander and excuse trump and he and his family of grifters will get away with their crimes
Perhaps you should move there, they understand petty self-serving politicians, you could make good money till they overthrow you!
Well the criminals in DC seem to get away with their crimes while we focus on people talking to Russians. We need peace and democracy too
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,& concerned humanitarian & economic situation in #Venezuela ,restore democracy,peace..
Is Venezuela all you care about?
Amén!!
Will those who covert with the Russians pay for their crimes?
thanks dear Senator, though time is of the essence,otherwise we will have the remaining Castro in possession of 385 billion bls of oil.
It s like that
What is going to happen in the United States of America?
The Hell with Venezuela, we don't care about them. You need to stand up to the dictator we have here, in our White House.
Amen
Peace & democracy will prevail in #USA & criminals like the @realDonaldTrump family & associates will have to face justice for their crimes.
You too, puny little Marco -a.k.a. Micro
@Rubio. How about rallying fellow GOP to press justice and ethics violations against POTUS
@alcidesescobar2 @dcabellor what about the criminals in our system. The crooks who steal money from the poor to line pockets
You let us down. You won't get away with it your toast
When will the criminals in the White House face justice for their crimes?
THANKS SENATOR. ECONOMIC SANCTIONS TO PDVSA #VENEZUELA THEY FINANCING TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS TOGETHER WITH  CUBA HELM BURTO LAW
I understand concern 4 Venezuela BUT WHY R U IGNORING THE ONGOING ATTACK BY PUTIN w/TRUMP OPENING THE DOOR ALLOWING IT? WHY NO CONCERN 4 USA
YOU LIVE IN THE US RIGHT? DO YOUR JOB! FLORIDA WILL REMEMBER THAT YOU TWEETED ABOUT VENEZUELA NOT THE SHIT SHOW IN THE WHITE HOUSE!
Amen Thank you Lord I know the angels are doing their job and justice will come to make peace!
Sr. Marco Rubio auxilio por favor, estos asesinos están matando los venezolanos. SOS
Criminals like you quote scripture and then render a Deathcare bil!!!! And present a tax code that steals from Americans
You are all about other countries problems. How about ours.

