You aren't paid a 6-figure salary to pray @marcorubio. You're paid to help stop these deadly situations. #FFL #FortLauderdale
Senator Rubio got more votes than either of the POTUS candidates.
who cares. He needs to start doing his job.
patties Back pack Shack
Interning for @TheDemocrats blow horns
really, that's your rebuttal or factual challenge?Just pointing out facts
Obama legacy...election of Donald Trump ... little snowflake
if all you can do is name call, please troll elsewhere. Facts ok this, no
and actually I'm part of #TeamRubio and your the troll
only idiots and children pray.
Prayer works, sir.
tell me on once occasion a prayer actually worked? not once In human history.
I have prayers answered all the time.
thinking for yourself, reading, looking at evidence of the world and the universe. Not a shred of evidence for a god. None.
I feel sorry for you. Just look at creation and the complexity of our DNA. There has to be a creator.
don't feel sorry for me. I'm not the one who is lying to myself. DNA is complex as is evolution, however that does mean we are
you are trying very hard to not believe in God.
.@marcorubio You weren't elected to pray. You were elected to ACT. Guns kill 33,000 Americans every year and you do nothing.
Why is it the only people your group wants to stop is law abiding gun owners?
law abiding? currently guns are sold to people who are mentally disabled, people who are bipolar,schizo
The question you pose has nothing to do with the answer you give. Mentally disabled people can't get a gun legally.
yes they can& do. Plus family members who live with such shouldnt be allowed weapons on property, storage
People have a mentally disabled kid through no fault of their own, and you have a right to take their constitutional rights away?
No they can own but should have to prove the disabled has no access to the weapons...as in Sandy Hook
You've proved your own point. The shooter in sandy hook legally wasn't allowed the own the gun. He took it from his mom illegally.
Then Rubio says "the NRA was very upset that I had 2 take time showing fake concerns instead of selling more guns 2 criminals"
Fake bullshit
I also prayed for the victims at the #FortLauderdale airport.  It made me realize that this is exactly the legacy that Obama
do you think they have healthcare hypocrite
Please don't REPEAL AND RUN on the ACA. Millions of Floridians will lose jobs and health insurance. You have nothing to replace
Your prayers don't do shit Coward
Why do you feel the need to be so aggressive?
someone should be because clearly Marco wont, he will just keep taking money from the @NRA
Yeah maybe he should try to end gun free zones?
Sure even a gun aficionado can see how there are places guns go wrong #gunsandalcoholnothx
Like Boston Marathon bomber, the Ft. Lauderdale shooter shows the Allah ONE hand sign. WHY is the US gov't hiding MUSLIM again?
until you have a plan in place, don't allow ACA to be repealed, just to score political points. My family needs this plan.
Your prayers won't bring back the dead, heal the injured, or alleviate the families' grief. Do something REAL. #guncontrol #FLL @marcorubio
Your thoughts and prayers still haven’t worked, @marcorubio. DO SOMETHING! #gunreformnow #GunContolNow #MCD #FloridaShooting
About 150,000 Americans will die from gun violence, dwarfing any other countries toll: What are you GOING TO DO? #Enough
yes bc we see how well stricter gun laws work in Chicago
Agree.....the guns don't pull their own triggers
and an oven doesn't bake it's own cake, but I still bet you use one...
Uh huh - nothing but prayers from u people.  Yet u continue to allow guns to be in the hands of mentally ill. U R Complicit.
has left for America.  What occurred are things that I've seen in 3rd world countries now in our country.  Thanks so much for
So R we
- shut up and listen to the boss.  Stop your nonsense.  Remember who gave the voice to now speak.
Do you ever work or do you just tweet about praying all day.  Clear that God doesn't think much of you.
Great.
Dont worry my friend you will get your usual spike in gun sales.
just returned from China. When you enter airport you go thru first security check. Metal detector & security.MUST be done here.
your legacy Obama. We really needed what you've left us with.
Hey @marcorubio did you just graduate from the #LindseyGraham #JohnMcCain #nevertrump war college? #SupportTrump confirm Tillerson
STOP PRAYING AND REFUSE THE NRA BRIBES OF WHICH YOU ARE AWARE.  GUN LAWS NOW.  STOP BULLSHIT.  STOP GANGSTER TRUMP.  BE A MAN!
too bad you have no interest in talking to constituents. Can't reach your office by phone.
How about instead of praying you, I dunno, introduce some gun legislation, now that you have majorities? #noexcusesleft
praying is useless. We need gun control
War monger McCain.https://twitter.com/IVotedTrump/status/819300412503293952 …
Your prayers are bullshit. Put up or shut up! #NRAhack
Hey he is Florida's senator!! You negative ppl  are so messed up. Marco can't change the constitution alone!! Have some respect
He could introduce legislation though. Someone has to lead instead of just praying someone will...
Act on gun control legislation and you won't be praying so often for gun victims #Enough
I can think of several more useful things you could do. #gunsense
mental health care, common sense gun laws, close loopholes allowing guns & ammo on planes...but no prayers r fine.
that's the point. Pass legislation making it illegal. Or just keep praying.
Killing folks is already illegal... #gunsense 

@safespacegod @marcorubio
Pass sensible gun control
we're with you Marco!  I will also pray for those that think prayers do not work!
Rubio says "Let me get this line out and then Talk 2 NRA so I can continue 2 sell guns 2 criminals/terrorists"
But I will still GLADLY give guns to criminals/terrorists because the NRA wants me to
Guns don't kill ppl - terrorists do.
looks like a lot of heartless people responding to this post could also use prayers.  SMH
Your a good person Senator and don't forget as a Trump supporter I am glade you did not give up. From @WalterWcampagn
We have enemies. Our airports are vulnerable. Let's critique our transportation systems & make needed imporovements.
Stop praying and do something about #guncontrolnow #useless
Prayers are not enough. We need action. Inability to see this security vulnerability cost us. We're tired of feeling afraid.
May they rest in Light Eternal
thoughts and prayers are sweet, Marco, but keeping guns out of the hands of the mentally ill will produce tangible results.
Prayers do nothing, jackass. Use your "power" to pass sensible gun legislation. Or are you too busy slashing embassy security $?
--- YOUR PRAYERS ARE BULLSHIT IF YOU DO NOT ENFORCE GUN CONTROL AND BACKGROUND CHECKS -  YOU ARE A HYPOCRIT!
yes let more good people carry
Thoughts & prayers for what is now commonplace doesn't save any lives & doesn't create solutions to gun violence.
Please consider asking Trump to consider this special needs Band for inauguration! Amazing talents and from Miami!
that's right because more  gun laws will stop all criminals from carrying out acts of terror.
as a legislator your job is to make legislation to help people- prayer is not enough!  Mass shootings are an epidemic in the USA
Instead of praying for them why don't you F****** do something that will make a difference!
@DocWashburn Prayer is good, but then we drain the swamp.
the victims don't need your thoughts & prayers. They need leadership that puts #gunsense above the @NRA lobby. #EnoughIsEnough
It's already illegal to carry gun in Florida aiports. #FFLshooting is a product of #gunsense #FAIL
Stop praying and DO something about it! How many more innocent lives before you act?
yeah that's really going to help you buffoon.
your #thoughtsandprayers Do NOTHING. Be a true leader and offer real solutions for gun control #Enough
No you're not. You're TWEETING that you're praying, which is TWICE as useless. #DoSomethingMeaningful #SensibleGunControl @marcorubio
You prayed after Pulse too. What did you DO? #thoughtsandprayers are not Enough!
B. Sheriff didn't know how to handle yesterday crisis, created more chaos at FLL. poor performance by the BS army always there
Action > prayers, Senator Rubio. Will you have the courage to acknowledge 2 mass shootings in Florida in 7 mths demands change?
really? That's all you got? Doesn't stop mass shootings and gun violence, does it? 
ENACT GUN CONTROL
keep your "thoughts & prayers" and DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL.
we need good mental health care and good gun safety laws. What are u going to DO?
how about preventing the mentality ill from having lethal firearms. Close the gun show loophole.
Once we let security officials identify threats based on vile ideological beliefs we will be able to better avoid such tragedies
pass laws on gunncontrolband reform prayers aren't enough!
how much money did you get from the NRA? Disgrace!!!!
stop praying and do something. Support legislation to get guns out of the hands of the mentally unstable. End gun violence

Yeah, great.  Let's have a public execution of the perp.
Need action..not words and prayers
Keep moving. Nothing to see here folks. Person with mental illness has guns and shoots innocents. PRAYERS are on the way!
wait... you cried about Benghazi... then you support cut back in security at embassies???
.@marcorubio
če izmolim konec tretje svetovne še pred formalnim začetkom, morda. @marcorubio
@doncastella I may not know you but my prayers surround you & loved ones of all touched by this tragedyin JESUS' Name-Amen!
or acting, maybe
But if Americans are murdered because you cut the security of 280 embassies in half - that doesn't bother you?
keep your prayers and actually do something to #EndGunViolence #Enough
Guns are banned in airports, what exactly do you want him to do?
don't just pray, actually get off your ass and do something
Marco, TY for your prayers Marco,  and serving us with dignity and honor. Your the best of the best!
apparently the gunman is mentally ill and as always the media refrain from using the word terrorist although its terrorism
What exactly do you pray for? It's falling on deaf ears. Do you're job & be proactive to help prevent this shit. #ReactivePrayer
how about you stop praying and actually do something
@FloridaGOP Murderers with blood on your hands. When do they come for you ?
Save your prayers. Fix the laws!! You have blood on your hands.
Stop praying. Support Gun control laws that don't put guns in the hands of terrorists or crazies. Do your fuckin job.
like praying ever does shit, act!
Why don't you get off your knees and actually DO something about gun violence.
why don't you stop praying and do your job! Shameful!
Terrific, Marco. We all can pray for them. Unlike us, you're also a Senator. What will you DO about this?
I join to the pain of relatives and pray for rest and eternal peace for the deceased, heaven for them.
No you are not. Not real prayers. That would mean you actually care. And we know you don't.
If you did, you'd do something about gun regulation. Fight to allow research on gun violence. Common sense measures.
Licensing. Training. Security technology. It won't save every life. But it could save many.
But until those lives you could save pay you as much as the NRA, I guess we're all out of luck, huh...
YOU HAVE THE POWER TO STOP THIS
Maybe you could hold back on the praying and pass some gun-control legislation instead. Ounce of prevention > pound of cure.
nothing is more powerful than prayer on this world.  Evil seeking what it can destroy.  Thank you for lifting them up.
Thank you for your prayers, Senator. May we always be a praying, Christian nation! My earnest prayers are also with them.
says the NRA poster boy $$$$$$$
I assume praying is all you'll do. The blood is on your hands
Stop praying and pass some common sense gun laws. All of you have blood of Americans on your hands, Shame #TheResistance
Sod the prayers.  Gun control!
Got $14,850 from @NRA to support expanding gun access (which makes shootings like this more likely)
you always with the community.
good!
perhaps in addition to praying for #fll you could call someone and get us access to bathrooms.
useless CIA and FBI under Barack Hussein
prayers don't solve the problem
Hey @marcorubio: Your prayers are worthless, meaningless until u take action to #EndGunViolence. "Faith without works is dead." @MomsDemand
how about advocating gun control
false sympathy.  You’re on the @NRA payroll. Your prayers are meaningless.
Prayers are very important,yes.
 BUT why did the FBI not FLAG this man? He heard voices telling him to join ISIS! UNREAL & Sad.
How much $$ did you take from the NRA last year, little buddy?? Keep your insincere "prayers" and shove them.
we need gun control not jus prayer.
Thoughts and prayers don't work
How about actually taking action to prevent this sort of thing?

prayers don't prevent tragedies like this. We need sensible gun laws. U shld b ASHAMED!
prayers aren't helping.
PRAYERS!!!!!!!
praying for Fort Lauderdale will help HOW?
praying for victims, voting for guns. @marcorubio @jrgaillot
I PRAY PEOPLE SHOT ARE NOT DEMOCRATS'
we need better than that. Thoughts and prayers are hollow when lives have been lost due to YOUR inaction.
NRA IS A REPUBLICAN PROBLEM U GUYS SUCK!!!!!!!!!!! 
thoughts and prayers do nothing Senator.
you doing anything else besides praying?? SMH.  Maybe pray harder, that'll help. Or different prayers maybe, that seems to work.
Mental health issues. A gun. Instead of praying vote for sensible gun control.
How much money have you taken from @NRA ?

My uncle was travelling to Miami today. I hope he's alright.
Fuck your thoughts and prayers. Quit pandering to the #NRA. #MurderLobby #FortLauderdale #FtLauderdaleShooting @betsyriot
Yeah. Prayer ought to do it. When you pray, you don't need to do another damned thing, right?
EFF your #thoughtsandprayers #guncontrol
Hey Marco, does prayer help bullets not tear into flesh? That would be great if it works.
Also pray for this country, the constitution and your president's new best friend Putin. #ComradeTrump
doing fuck all for the victims.

Fixed it
Stop praying and get to WORK!
are you just praying away the"terrorist"? Why not just act and make it harder for this to happen!?
praying does fuck all you useless cunt!
stop praying and do anything useful. Oh right, forgot NRA pays you to keep quiet.
always praying, never doing. Pass some common sense gun restrictions. @timkaine @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi #FLL
this post is as weak and impotent as you are as a man and politician.
actions not words matter and all you do is kiss the gun lobby's ass.
I'm praying right along with you.
@jtLOL good gun laws would have prevented
hypocrite! You pray  but don't come for gun control. 
very sad  indeed
praying for victims is useless when you keep killing them
hope you'll donate your NRA blood money to the victims' families
prayers are empty gestures. Try gun control.
stop pretending to care
keep your prayers. They are not working. How about something more tangible  and worthwhile like say, sensible gun legislation
Shame on you! How do you sleep at night knowing that you are in the @NRA pocket! Work for sensible gun legislation !
@jrgaillot You sure love praying don't you? But, doing something to make sure this doesn't happen is not something you'd do!
I don't want your prayers I want you to man up on gun control! #worthless !!!!
Prayers? When the fuck did that work? Like your successful run 4 Prez? Try some legislation if you want real change.
.@marcorubio no thoughts this time? Just prayers? @KyleKulinski @MadSociologist @BlogLiberally
but yeah, let's put guns on campuses and govt meetings and airports! DO SOMETHING
God's imaginary. Get honest. Prayers are useless. #ftlauderdale #LoveUnconditionally #Ethics #Reason #EndViolence #Humanism #BLM
or you could make some laws designed to try and prevent events like this from occurring. I suppose sitting on your ass is easy
.@marcorubio
