They are adherents of an evil ideology which argues certain people are inferior because of race, ethnicity or nation of origin. 2/6
Marco, What You Are Doing Is Clear As A Bell. You, McCain, & Graham Will Be Pushing AMNESTY Down Our Throats. Sneaky..Have you told Florida?
When entire movement built on anger & hatred towards people different than you,it justifies & ultimately leads to violence against them 3/6
Hate is an emotion the world can live without.  It corrupts even in the D.C. Congress. I implore you set the example and work with Trump
These groups today use SAME symbols & same arguments of #Nazi & #KKK, groups responsible for some of worst crimes against humanity ever 4/6
Tweeting is great and all, BUT WHEN WILL YOU IMPEACH HIM?!
Only House can vote to impeach, not Senate. Senate runs the impeachment trial, but House kicks it off
His voice could start the chorus.  And he knows it.
The Senate can censure Trump, and should.
CENSURE him?!? They need to REMOVE him, immediately, along with every other nazi sympathizer. There is no room for them in our government!
The Senate can't do that until the House impeaches him 1st. But the Senate can censure w/o waiting for the House. It would send a signal.
And I agree entirely that Trump is completely unfit for his office or any other public office and he always has been.
Mr. President,you can't allow #WhiteSupremacists to share only part of blame.They support idea which cost nation & world so much pain 5/6
No Marco they all get equal blame. Antifa is regularly violent as is BLM and they came to attack the White Supremacists. Plenty of vid.
The #WhiteSupremacy groups will see being assigned only 50% of blame as a win.We can not allow this old evil to be resurrected 6/6

No dummy
NO Marco they are not to blame. They have protested numerous times without violence. The first person to throw a punch/bottle/mace is.
Thank you
Impeach
Thank you!!
Despite what the critics say — that Rubio needs to call for POTUS to resign — this is remarkable
The organizers of events which inspired & led to #charlottesvilleterroristattack are 100% to blame for a number of reasons. 1/6
it's actually not. it's entirely unremarkable. he said it just as bluntly in february 2016 [see attached] but his 'trump score' is 95.8%.
so unless he actually takes VIGOROUS action in the senate, to call for this unhinged president's removal, his tweets are just more hypocrisy
This is utterly ridiculous. "Trump score" merely means "votes like typical GOP legislator." Yr demand is he become a progressive. Cynicism.
don't be so insolent. my demand is that he call for trump's resignation, or be remembered as a senator that endorsed and enabled a pro-nazi.
So you want him to be remembered instead as a Senator that advocated abrogation of our democracy? Just because that is your desired result?
did you even read what i wrote? it certainly seems not, from what you say here.
if you've come just to troll, one word of advice: DON'T.
Nice words.  What are you going to DO about it?
Your party made this possible.
The communism supported by the #AltLeft has killed far more people than even the Nazis. It MUST be denounced everywhere it crops up.
Grow a set of Balls and call out the all bad actors.
Who will protect my children and grandchildren from the Nazis Marco? WHO?
Trump will!!! Stop watching @CNN !!! Trump hates racism on both sides!!!

So are you lumping in Antifa? You really should. They are all disgusting.
Is that how it works Marco? You file a permit to gather peacefully in protest and get attacked by communists? Btw, how is that threat going
Wow Marco you are ridiculous
Sir, as a lifelong republican, I will expect you and other Republicans to disavow Trumps comments today!  this is not my president or party!
You have my respect, sir. Perhaps you can be in the vanguard of the push to stop this insanity. I knew there are level headed Republicans.
@hale85 read this thread..
Most people disagree with you, Marco. These people absolutely deserve blame for their violence. ANY violence & hate is contemptible
Both alt right (neo nazis etc) alt left( Antifa etc) are to blame too many have paid the ultimate price for these shits to tear us apart
Correct. Nazi Kessler was an Obama and Occupy guy, the Mayor wants his town to be the center of the resistance, and Antifa came with clubs
Glad i didnt vote for you.
There are no white supremacist in the White House.
No you are wrong Rubio. Both sides were violent. You can't have a fight by yourself. Have you gone stark raving mad?
News flash... you can't be impeached because people are "scared."
You can blame the organizers, you should also blame the city officials who allowed the alt left to come in contact creating a  bad problem
give them a free pass for more violence. Destroying monuments trying to instigate a fight from those who oppose the removal.
I agree with everything you said.  WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?
Get rid of him...
Well you and your co-enablers better DO SOMETHING.
Said in defeat...
you knew all of this before. you voted for him anyway, cause well party over country. now look what you and your friends of done. look.
"Good people" aren't ok with marching shoulder to shoulder with Nazis
Good people may have legitimately came the Charlottesville to protest the tearing down of a monument.
You mean like this one?Conventionally after war losers don't get to dot landscape wth their statues.These statues r technically insurrection
He told the truth.
COMMUNIST ANTIFA IS ON THE OTHER SIDE, MARCO!!  RESPONSIBLE FOR MILLIONS OF DEATHS THROUGH HISTORY!! STOP GRANDSTANDING AND LYING!!
When are you going to start impeachment hearings??? Rubio? You know what trump is!
#ImpeachorResign
Bro. You misspelled #ImpeachTrump
Come on, these tweets are to save your behind, there as heartfelt as Trumps speech Saturday....you'll be back kissing Trumps ass next week
Thank you, sir
and what are you doing other than tweeting...to stop this man???
I called Rubio's office in tears today after that pressed. It was horrifying.
Oh, For God's Sake.
Until you call for the resignation or removal of @realDonaldTrump from office, your words mean nothing.
Thank you Senator for being a patriot.
One man in a car trying to escape a street filled with LUNATICS (shouting “our street, our town”) does not make it a terrorist attack. Fields was wrong, dead wrong. When he was in his car & safe he should have stayed there.  I live nearby, am conservative ANTIFA TERRIFIES ME.

no you are wrong the group had permits to be there then antifa and BLM gets bused in to cause violence and caused the death of a girl

Not sure who provoked first. Both sides were hitting each other at Justice Park before police arrived. #Charlottesville 
Thank you for standing up against the Alt-Right Movement in our country. However, I'd like to see more than words and tweets.
No you and your ilk are little Marco. Grow set why don't you and care about our country as much as you care about reelection
I literally thank God every day that u never had the chance 2become President. How do you sleep at night, allowing these tweets 2b sent out?
Thank you Mr Rubio for your courage to speak out. Please continue to be strong against unstable and unfit forces against American people.
No both sides are to blame. We are erasing the history of our great nation. Read the book 1984, it’s all coming true.
that includes the leftist/anarchist counter-protestors who came armed & ready to start conflict
Absolutely not. You hereby give  violent mobs license to attack people with repugnant views who are exercising their 1A Right. Shame on YOU!
I agree and why the grand standing and no immediate arrests for all the violations committed when it happened Both sides awfully wrong

.@realDonaldTrump You lied again! The counter protesters had not one, but TWO permits to be there! 
http://www.nbc29.com/story/36099395/city-of-charlottesville-grants-two-permits-for-counterprotests-of-unite-the-right …

Was the LEADER of the Charlottesville white supremacists an EDITOR at CNN!?!? https://twitter.com/RealSaavedra/status/900952883738271744 …
They are NOT 100% to blame! It takes two to tango, Rubio! And videos show #Antifa and #BLM were the aggressors. What a vile, sellout you are

PLEASE Share - How The Media Lies To BLACK & WHITE People. #FlashbackFriday #StayWoke 
you, and #MSM are giving the #AltLeft the green light for violence. both sides were wrong. if hate has no audience it has no influence.
14. simply that we put America First & protect Americans, bring our jobs back, secure the border, give ALL Americans school choice for a
You just lost any future possibility of becoming the @Potus how can we elect a man who can be manipulated by the media and so unfair?
17. appear that anyone who believes in nationalism MUST be racist! And you & several of your corrupt buddies in the GOP are going along with
Little marko,
You now know why you are not prez. And never will be And we will be working to get your seat in the hands of a REAL Republican

You're wrong Mr Rubio. It is against the law to be violent,  sooo many of them should be arrested. Violence is not the answer!
23. legal, but instead, he put illegal aliens & their "rights" above helping black AMERICANS! And every single one of you in Congress went
The Mayor is directly responsible for the riots> He failed to control it and failed to protect citizens. He should be criminally charged!
Some people just wanted to protest taking down the statue of Lee.  An Obama supporter put together the Nazi infiltrators.
But let's dispense with this myth that Marco Rubio doesn't know what he's doing. He know's exactly what he's doing.
yes all the organizers, of kkk, antifa, blm, and dem politicians controlling cops...or lack there of
So U stand up for COP KILLING BLM & Soros funded Left Wing ANTIFA violent thugs who burn buildings, attack cops, journalists?
Finally you are right! Soros is guilty of Sedition and must pay for his crimes.
What? So when you schedule a town hall meeting & Antifa show up to disrupt, it's YOUR fault? I don't think so.
The organizers of events which inspired & led to #charlottesvilleterroristattack are 100% to blame for a number of reasons. 1/6
you may as well move to Az and run as a Democrat. Trump condemned both sides and you embraced Antifa. They are thugs as are the supremacists
https://twitter.com/antifaboston/status/898958986824777728 …
WAKE UP, Rubio, Alt-Left and Alt-Right are run by the same forces… the goal is “divide and conquer” Thanks to Sorso
22. just HOPE for a better future? Obama, as the first black president, could easily have done that because it would have been perfectly
STOP THE CYCLE OF HATE https://www.zazzle.com/z/y4v76?rf=238870190431218664 … via @zazzle
They got a permit for a march. Protesters showed up and attacked them while police watched. And your blaming who?
1 of the organizers(Kessler) was a Soros/Obama puppet disguised as a far-right. All premeditated Deep State crime on America
Get on Trumps side or get out
Super, Senator Rubio. You have good words. But what are you going to DO? You vote 100% for 45 agenda now. Will you change and take action?
Thank GOD I never had to consider voting for you and your desire to destroy the US with amnesty for illegals.

BTW The organizer Was an Obama Supporter And Organized Occupy Wall Street!!!
I despise KKK, Nazi and white supremacist as a Hispanic American. Your comments sound like a 3rd world dictator. You are no longer in Cuba.
Soros Fund Execs Funded Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, John McCain, John Kasich, Lindsey Graham in 2016
put blame where it belongs but where were u when the BLM was calling 4 cops to die even after they were being killed.Whities must die. Sad
Is it because event organizers warned governor, mayor & cops? Tried 2 move venue? Tried 2 amend permit before event? Or cops told stand down
So you think the antifa and BLM are innocent. They are store bought fascists Dems equivalent to the Nazi Brown Shirts.
FREEDOMOF SPEECH MARCO.Tell that to them when they say you are spewing hate speech because you believe a certain way that they do notbelieve
It's time to act and you need to be involved in that too.
OKAY
It boggles my mind that a conservative Cuban has now, out of political cowardice, come to the side of Communists that want to destroy USA.
Could you not have spoken directly to him? If you did not understand fully what he was trying to say)
21. scholarships awarded to illegal aliens, give them small business opportunities in their neighborhoods, give them vocational skills &
https://scontent-dft4-3.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/20881886_10211962106185319_9104933440271075404_n.jpg?oh=cd4058fc05f018d9f6478cc32bfcde77&oe=5A28428C …
Trump is to blame. He has empowered the kkk/nazis. #ImpeachTrumpNow
16. dragging America into globalism! So, now they are trying to twist the word "nationalist" into "white nationalist" in order to make it
Do people who APPROVED demmoinstration not own some blame. U cant beliv the Mayor thot that it wuld B just peep frm C'ville OR HEs a D-Ass
I see it's true u only see an issue with the WSup.I take issue with all groups that promote violence and hate including #Antifa and #BLM
26. groups most of us never heard of, are funded by Soros in order to create civil strife in America. We KNOW it & we know you know it, so
way to go Little Marco !  What a patriot, you cheesball.
AND those who are paying protestors to incite violence - LOCK THEM UP ALREADY! We all know who they are! STOP THEM!
How can you say you condemn the violence of the Castro regime, yet sanction the violence of Antifa and BLM?  Double standard!
My family & I have always supported you. Why are you NOT calling out Antifa in addition to the KKK? #AntifaTerrorists need to be stopped.
28. this as a brown & black vs white issue. It is NOT! This is Americans vs non-Americans but you corrupt politicians are USING black &
So, what action are you going to take to let your president know he's wrong on this? You and your party own this, @marcorubio.
Wes Bellamy is to blame
I see. If you don't agree with another point of view it is OK today physically attack them. Is this N Korea or the USA? You're an idiot.

Marco, it's a given that the those Nazi's were %100 bad people, but why demonized POTUS because he is not ok with Antifa violence either?
Thank you much, we agreed police stand out...NOT ACCEPTABLE
The people who showed up with weapons are the ones to blame. The people without a permit. You are digusting.
Thank you Mr. Rubio for being one of the few!
This is why i didn't vote for you. Get balls son!
People exercising their CONSTITUTIONAL FREEDOMS are not responsible for being attacked. If you don't understand this, you need to RESIGN.
Marco you have no idea what you are talking about. We aren't stupid, we saw two groups hating. It was probably known in advance by mayor
You are so wrong about this issue. The guy who arranged this protest was an Obama supporter! Get it? It was a set up to create a riot!
Shame on you!!  We know the truth and spreading lies will cost you in elections. Don't think we won't vote you out or Recall you
No they're not! Just because you say it does not make it truth! They had every right to fight for our histories truth to be told& remembered
You have lost all sense of reality. You need to look at the videos of the anti  in action and just maybe see reality.
Wrong! Antifa & BLM bused in w/weapons. Police herding groups together, then standing down. Mayor/Vice Mayor orchestrated. #IStandWithTrump
The blame goes to those who started the violence which was Antifa. The same way they burned down Berkeley twice and shot Steve Scalise.
I donated 2 ur campaign bc I believed n u. Unless u hold ALL responsible 4 violence, u wont see another dime from me. #HugeDisappointment
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1870501836547522/ …
Little Marco still smarting for his overwhelming loss to @realDonaldTrump! Time to be a man now little Marco! We know you hate the president
Organizer was hardcore Obama supporter & Occupy protester up until Election Day. Stop republican stupidity!!!
ORGANIZERS! Yes! Of both hate groups.
And 45 has emboldened them, when are you and the #GOP going to call 45 what he is?
You own this mess.
31. #7 should have said how did Obama even KNOW he would win the election in Nov 2012.
Wrong. Badly wrong. You're excusing violence as a response to distasteful assemblies and speech. Hugely disappointing.
to think I thought you would of been a good President at one time....I see now you are nothing more than a lap dog
Seek out those who organized this mob!  You can train ignorant animals with a treat! Feed them and they will follow anywhere.
Senator, are you warmed by all the anti-@POTUS comments in response to your posts? That might give you pause.
Here's proof antifa came looking for blood. The guy provoked but antifa threw the first blow
You believe that only certain groups have the right to rally/protest.
Original organizers went for the purpose of protesting against our Civil War statues being removed. Paid agitators came from out of state.
Hey Rino. Hope you have no more political aspirations.Rather than speak up you hid in a #SafeSpace #MAGA #GivePainAVoice #FFPCAN
That is correct the organizer new exactly what they were doing and made it violent. Had they not done that it may have been very peaceful.
Praise the Lord you didnt get elected President we would have the 51 state of Cuba, with what U just show that U dont support free speech.
I think you should read this instead of digging an ever deeper hole. http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/08/14/heres-how-the-virginia-state-police-provoked-violence-at-charlottesville/ …
When actually looking at FACTS it was a permitted protest and they were attacked by paid protesters (craigslist)
100%? You must be the deaf, dumb blind kid of Pinball Wizard.
Those on the other side who ATTACKED are ALSO 100% to blame!
You smelly thug, you're just seeking applause from #libtards.
Another completely asinine comment from a Rep. Media leads them by the nose. Vote RINOs out!
YOU assigning no blame to the antifa anarcho-communists is unforgiveable.  YOU are part of the problem by not supporting @POTUS
Big Alinskyto this toxic Ncon,for ignoring past & 8/27(pic4)Antifa viol.b/c he can't pass up opportun.to criticize @POTUS.(See Alinksy#10)
Yes 100%  blame goes 2 the Dems/Libs/Anti Americans that set up the event 2 provoke violence & distract us from their corruption in the news
Armed Anarchist groups from outside the area were allowed into the rally. The police did nothing! Why? That needs to be investigated!
Its the HATE MONGERING MEDIA ESPECIALLY FOX NEWS
, Wrong again. Thought there was hope for you. Not so.
why you complaining about what he said for he blamed all sides  trump said enough he cant satisfied no you all lost get over it
God you are a great disappointment. You little globalist; go hangout with your buddy @SenJohnMcCain.
Are you racist Marco Rubio I mean you're acting morally Superior to so many other people you must be a racist.
If A=B & B=C then A=C
@realDonaldTrump gives voice to #Nazis #WHITEsupremacist views & anyone still supports him, then THEY support #racism!
What do you have to say now that the organizer of this event turned out to be a Democrat with ties to Obama
If the police were told to stand down by higher up...(meaning cty officials) someone or some people are in deep .
Step up and make the orange ass clown get impeached. That's what Republicans need to do
9. is not the President. (By the way, when have we ever had a former president lead a resistance against a sitting president, even having
Impeach now!!! Actions not words!!! #ImpeachNow #ImpeachTrump
But let's dispense with this myth that Marco Rubio doesn't know what he's doing! He know's exactly what he's doing! BLEEP BLEEP.
My husband and I HUGE supporters, we have to reconsider now.  BOTH sides were wrong, as originally stated.  Pandering to any group wrong
How about the extreme communist left who violently protest without a permit? The violence started after attacks from Marxists.
So has lil marco figured out who the community organizers of Charlottesville are? #JWTF
29. Hispanic AMERICANS to help destroy America! You are guilty of treason! So, why don't you use your position to support the agenda that We
You should be investigating why the Dem Mayor ordered a stand down instead of protecting the original group, who organized the rally.
No, Marco. NOT 100% The GOP allowed Trump to represent the GOP even while he emboldened these people.
You will make a great Democrat.
No! anybody there was to blame. This was a setup by the billion dollar man. Paid protest. Where was the law??
Sides w/#AntiFa 
Trump loss drove you over the edge

Or revealed your heart

We are fortunate GOP majority SAW THROUGH YOU

OWNED GLOBALIST
You are so wrong on this. The Mayor and Governor are 100% to blame for number of reasons.  Get your facts straight before you make comments!
It was a set up & you know it. http://www.libertyonenews.com/race-relations/found-30-years-trump-fighting-racism/ …
Apparently, you believe that holding a rally or protest inspires others to riot and so they lose their free speech rights.
