It's a good thing he has HEALTH INSURANCE. You know - that thing you make sure YOU have but make sure constituents do not have? THAT thing.
Ok, time to grow up, kid. Life IS political. To wring my hands over a guy who brought this on himself & has healthcare he denied others? NO.
He wants to allow mentally ill / criminals 2 have guns. Mentally ill w/arrest history shot him. He also now gets healthcare when others....
...who are shot get nothing but debt, bankruptcy. Ur obviously naive & entitled & have no grasp of reality & consequences in the real world.
Have YOU ever had to live w/o health ins, denied to you by greedy who have it? Have YOU ever advocated for violence, then suffered fm it? No
I'm consistently amazed how you play the pious, prayerful role, while in reality, you harm others every single day w/your greed. You ...
...took $1 mil fm Russians & now support Trump's treason. You stole fm Repub party. You lied abt family history. U support lobbyists ovr US.
For sure. But let's remember the health of ALL our citizens Marco. Where does this hypocrisy end??
I'm truly sorry you don't understand that this man talks but never acts. He's strictly a party and me-person over people #checkvotingrecord
Absolutely crazy about my country and not #@fakepotus. #notaxreturnsnolegitimacy. #ever
No offense...but he needs medical science. Not voodoo. But, what the fuck do I know?
@EllenMorris1222 @SteveScalise will he rethink his ridiculous gun stance and votes?  Na
No is right - mostly I've just read they want Congress 2B able 2 carry guns anywhere - as if they would be running bases with a loaded gun.
They wouldn't have been running bases w/ guns. However, having access to LAWFUL weapons would have been helpful. Judge the man in ICU... 
I'm pretty sure the man in the ICU hasn't had anything to do with the actions of Congress since the incident.  
ABSOLUTELY
FOR @SteveScalise 
IN JESUS NAME
.@SteveScalise needs our prayers. Let's remember this family during this difficult time. 
Steve needs us to do something useless like praying. I don't think an imaginary creature will help him
Stand up for #gunsense laws.  #NOTONEMORE. #EnoughIsEnough
What he really needed were stricter gun laws. But shit, you seem to think prayers are more effective at keeping us safe from gun shots. Wtf?
he's hanging tough...prayers to his family
He is in my prayers!  God Bless him!
I read that Steve is in the same hospital as Seth Rich not good
You should start worrying about what your man Trump is doing to this country. Shame on you Rubio.
Exactly Prayers his way@marco rubio.MAY GOD TOUCH HIM WITH HIS HEALING GRACIOUS HANDS
#Praying
35k Americans die every year due to guns. Yet you and your party don't give a damn
Along with your prayers he and other gun violence victims could probably also use some sensible gun control measures. What about it, boys?
Prayers sent 
@QuintanaFreyre @SteveScalise agree... but more millios of families need prayers and healthcare... how will you vote?
for Mr. Scalise. As for the rest who choose to attack a man on twitter, this is why this happened. The hate being spewed needs to stop.
Dude. GUN CONTROL? Y'all will reap what you sow.
Praying for Sen may God watch over him. God be with his family may they know we all are deeply concerned praying faithfully for his recovery
Thor says he's not going to make it into Valhalla since he's not a warrior, so your prayers are in vain
 for @SteveScalise  & his family. Good man who loves God, Country & Family.
We're praying for a speedy recovery, we're also praying for a townhall meeting what do u say. Where's Marco
He got shot because he's stupid about gun control, no pity from me
Prayers from long island
100% he and his family needs the country to support and pray.
We The People have got this! Thousands of retweets! 
He and his family are in our thoughts
Will do. All these hateful posts are pushing more and more people away from the Democratic Party. Classless and clue less
Praying
Prayers for Mr Scalise. He's being watched carefully. 
Absolutely  and while i have your attn., can you please respond to my email @marcorubio re: banning sharia law in Florida please?
Pray
He has my prayers. And don't forget that he has health care and continues to draw his salary.
The wannabe Spaniard wants us to pray for the undercover Creole. 
Okay are we praying to the Mormon god or the Catholic god ?
thanks to our money Mr Scalise have excellent health coverage... we dont...
Praying!!
Along with Philando Castile, Michael Brown, Trayvon Martin, and the rest of the slain American citizens and THEIR FAMILIES!!!
stop the guns or you all might be next, who knows some nut might do
Praying for him and his family
By introducing a gun control bill.
I'll remember him and his family when you remember the MILLIONS of people who also are in need of important Health Care!
Thoughts and prayers are not going to cut it anymore. Vote all the NRA tools out of office.
Absolutely hoping for a full recovery. I bet they are so relieved to have good healthcare. Nobody should have to worry about that Marco!
I'll make sure to keep him and David Duke in my prayers....
Don't forget to pray for the black lesbian cop who saved his life
David Duke

This guy laughing about killing people by taking thier health care.
I pray he dies and you, too but since prayers are just idle wishes...
Praying for @SteveScalise and praying for victims when you vote to raise FL health insurance premiums by 69% & cut Medicaid by $772 Billion.
You forgot the tax cuts for the wealthy
