Have you read the replies on tweet, nobody likes you...

Tell that to your president
Republicans are ruining the country
Liberty for who? Rich, white men? Your hypocrisy is astounding. You and your cronies are the scariest tyrants around.
Mr. Vice president you and the president have proven that from day one, God bless you.
#LIAR!
True and that's why you and the traitor are so strongly opposed.
Then why are you not defending her sir? Right in are faces the Whitehouse thumbs its nose at democracy. The shame! WHY!Jesus man its RUSSIA
You guys are the tyrants @maddow @billmaher @AC360 @POTUS
What??
Putin Care suggests otherwise. Do U get a hard on every time you LIE. PUTINVILLE aka USA is a Tyrannical Government! LOSER!
It used to stand for that. But no, not anymore.
*except for LGTB, refugees, people of color and women. 
- fixed. 
*oh, and scientific truth.  
- fixed fixed
That used to be the case. No more....

We love you Mr. Vice President
Mike you smell like swamped water...
"I would like to pay tribute to terrorists killed today by cursed Russian strikes in Syria" Marco Rubio's statement
#BREAKING 
Two Russian Navy frigates and a submarine have fired 6 Kalibr cruise missiles on ISIS targets in #Hama 
#DonTheCon #TraitorTrump #ImpeachTrump #RESIGN #Resist #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNOW #TrumpRussia
If you believe this, than you must stop trumpcare and trump, who speaks and acts like a tyrant. No compassion for gays and transgender.
Right gentleman
You should watch the news.
Unless you are gay, right?
Haaaaaave you met @POTUS?
We're bringing out d PITCH FORKS WE'RE STARTING A CIVIL WAR AGAINST A FAKE POTUS & VP both turds lawyers upped hahajaja
#Pence what does sad excuse 4 health care stand 4?Win for Trump 2 bragging "rights" continuous constant campaigning.TELL him election OVER.
barf
Then stop your war on women!

You are not getting the Oval Office. You are going down with the rest of them. Stop tweeting your resume.
When then this country elected the wrong guy for president!
Not in Trump's "Amerika"
unless you're female or working poor then this administration wants to ruin you
So why are you supporting the tyranny of this administration? Liar and fake VP!
You are talking the talk, but you lack the walk
Tell that to people of color! They'll laugh in your face.
US used to stand as you state, currently we are ruled by Trysnny
Flowing like words from a Cracker Jack box...zero credibility, zero accountability. ZERO.
You are part of an oppressive administration
Yeah and what about you? #fakerhetoric #lawyerup
You speak with forked tongue.
Is that ironic.
Agreed. And since Cuba has nothing to offer us, let's not be hypocritical with those who do.
we r oppressed when we have broad health coverage taken from us
If that is America's stance, then we must be consistent as to how this standard is applied, otherwise we are just opportunistic hypocrites..
@POTUS Might want to remind your authoritarian wannabe boss about democracy. Uneasy Republican here.
Could have fooled me. You were elected to make all American lives better, not just the rich. You are failing bigly.
Opportunity for rich white men, right? You can just go give a speech and collect money to pay a lawyer, right?
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachPence


Yes it does but right now that's not the case we have a tyrant for a president with a whole administration focused on that tyranny
Target agenda job you vice president Pence all C.I.A like
yea right,, biggest bullshit i heard in a long time
You tweet more than Trump... Do you actually work? At least his rhetoric is slightly more entertaining...
Then why are you palling around with Trump?
Then why do we do business with Saudi Arabia @VP we all now 19 of the 9/11 attackers were from Saudi Arabia...oh that's right it's abt oil/$
Not this administration!  They work for citizen United = corporations and th the rich.
then behave that way if that is truly what you believe.
Opportunity for the rich, oppression for the poor.
Like This?! #StopTrumpcare #FreedomOfSpeech
So stop it!
When?
Please look at our own prison system and recognize we need to do so much work
Are you sure, because he seems to want to take away rights and oppress lots of groups.
If that is so then why haven't you shown us the new Healthcare bill??? Why don't we see details of the plans you boast about? Prove it!
You forgot to suck up to him here; you didn't say "thanks to POTUS" or "as POTUS SAID".
This admin is all about secrets and obstruction
@POTUS That must be why he loves Putin, Duterte, Ergodan, and even Kim Jong Un, his best buds.  He wants us to be just like their countries.
If that were true, Mother Pence, why would you justify your existance by oppressing people? In the name of religion, none the less.
Oh give it a rest, Mikey. Anyone with a shred of decency doesn't believe your half cock comments. Words nothing but words. #DefeatGOP 
Then stop POTUS and Sec.Shulkin from cutting out INDIVIDUAL UNEMPLOYABLITY to VETERANS that are the most vulnerable, elderly and disabled
Exactly!   That's why we have the WRONG guys in the WH!!!
Well it used to before the psychopath became president
Catch up! That was the last 8 years 
More gaslighting.
America does, but you, @POTUS #SenMitchMcConnell @SpeakerRyan stand ONLY for Tyranny and Greed. @GOP DeathPanel Kill Insurance and People.
Are you fucking kidding me. Do you believe the bullshit that comes out of your mouth?
@POTUS defends Putin/Russia.  Putin/Russia IS the definition of tyranny & oppression.
What is your working definition of liberty? Just curious
Tell that to Donny ! He lives for corruption & treason!
Your a good man VP Pence. We should all be proud to have you serve
Then our country MUST STOP FUCKING WITH THE MIDDLE EAST AND GET OUT. Let them, including Israel, deal with themselves & build the damn wall.
What about the tyranny of Trump!? #ImpeachTrump
Great sound bite but I doubt you sincerely believe in this.
Well said.
True
For majority party working under cover of darkness. for @POTUS blocking transparency, civil liberties. For a family-run business out of WH.
You want to ban gay marriage and @POTUS praises Putin, Erdogan, Duterte while selling billions of arms to the oppressive Saudi regime. #maga
Well, you right there!  Referring to our dictator of a president, I assume?
Coming from a hypocrite who campaigns to take away woman's right to choice & imposing ur beliefs on those who do not have those same beliefs
Were you able to spit that out with a straight face?!
LIAR! You would like the Dems to fall in line and conform ! Reps have divided the nation by pandering to their base! DO YOUR JOB !!!!
Whoever is responsible for his series of  tweets today is smoking some heavy duty stuff....   so much  propaganda, it's sickening.
That's a lie
*You* are an oppressor Mr. Pence. Your talk of liberty is a farce. A shame you leverage supposed Christian faith for political gain.

 
Please @POTUS can we stop overthrowing foreign governments.  Don't listen to the "Deep State"
Tell that to millions losing healthcare, women losing right to choose, refusal to get fair minimum wage passed & rollback in civil rights!
Trump acts as a tyrant to more than half of of the citizens of America.
First step to tyranny is eliminating a free and open press. How many of Trump's tweets have attacked the free press?
Well, we used to, Mr. #Wealthcare ; or, at least, we tried.
America is the Land Is the Land of opportunities In God We Trust
This is a joke. Trump publicly praised Putin, Duterte, Erdogan & said he would be "honored" to meet with Kim Jong-un
OOOHHH that sounds differend.
#FreePalestine 60 years oppression of #Israel Warcrimes in2 #Gaza2014
put the money where your mouth is RIGHT?
Trump is acting like a tyrant and you all are looking to oppress people due to their religion. Isn't that the opposite of what u just said?
Yeah right, mike
Are you kidding me?
You define tyranny, how are you so blind. Your God will see you and judge you someday. #Trump is not going to be a highlight
Dragging people out of wheelchairs is tyrannical. So you lie...every single day.
Not according to @SenSchumer @SenSanders or @NancyPelosi ... trinkets and oppression are the @DNC way
Get real in his heart @realDonaldTrump is a fascist he's no patriot and has no love of America short of it being a piggy bank he can plunder
America does. This administration does not. There. I fixed it for you.
You betcha. #trumprussia prove u r suppressing will of ppl & not answer to the issue. #Immigrant reform isn't oppressive at all; now is it?
Where does conversion therapy rank on your list of tyrannical things? Or taking healthcare from millions?
You must have missed the people in wheel chairs being carried out of @SenateMajLdr protest!  That's oppression at its worst
Not since January 20th it hasn't.
You can't be serious? Opportunity for the 1% but not the rest of us.
Well if that's what you think, than stop with the #Tyranny and #lies
How does that work when suppressing the press?
Fixed 4U: America once stood 4 opportunity,not oppression, 4 liberty,not tyranny. Once Trump administration is removed,Americans wl restore.
Resign Pence ! You're just as guilty as the 45  you work for ! The truth will come out !
@Osman-OD  $$$$$
Bahahaha...thanks for the laugh!! #fireGOP
Opportunity of you are rich and white and straight.  Oppression for the rest of you.  You are a damned liar.
This statement has no meaning. Liberty in what sense. Opportunity for what and for whom? How?
And with you and your Prez buddy non-stop lying is the hallmark of your administration.
Well n Nv it's Oppression
The opportunity to pollute the atmosphere and water with LIBERTY! Drink your liberty water, citizen.
Your admin is being tyrannous and oppressive. You're failing on all counts to represent America, by your own definition. Sad. #ImpeachNow
No it doesn't, but you sure do. Every policy and speech shows you do.
RFRA in Indiana was your policy and was oppressive. You are one slick hypocrite. #snakeoilforsale
We used to!
Your Boss has insulted the intelligence of his people-and that includes you-by leading them to believe there were oval office recordings
That's rich coming from you.  How can you sleep at night knowing you've tied yourself to the ultimate vulture?
Damn! It is ridiculous to call someone "VULTURE"
Says Spokesman for the Party That Wants to Take Away People's Healthcare to Give Tax Breaks to the Rich. GOP HAS NO HEART  #Trumprussia
#RUSSIAGATE #IMPEACHTHEPEACH #PUTINSBITCH #PUTINSPUPPET #FAKEPRESIDENT ##RESIGNNOW
Yes that sounds good but do you forget who you work for you work for an oppressive Tyrant
You mean like Homosexual re education?
Yet you shove your version of Religion down my Throat. You are Oppression.
Something is going on with Twitter today, it says some of your post can't be replied to???
Think that means blocked
Saudi Arabia? Egypt? Turkey?
What about the liberty of children in the womb? Abolish abortion!
Then abandon them after they are born. Thats a new cruel and unusual stance.
Then why is press briefing not televised. That's oppression
Yea so resign!
Not true !
Yeah? I got a bridge in Brooklyn, if you're buying.
Used to. Now, it stands for bullies for billionaires
Stand for my ass
For whom ?
#MAGA
GFY
Welp.
Thank you for standing for liberty Mr Vice President!
He's actually standing in a swamp full of sewage.
