SINCE SENATOR-MARCO RUBIO TWEET ME REGARDMY COMPLAINS REGARDING *LATINO VIOLENCE*-1940 HOOD FR APT 4A-LATINO PEOP SENT TO 77 WOM-RADIATIONS!
WE ARE SENIOR CITIZEN PEOP BROUGHT GROCERY TO OUR APT-LATINO PEO-IMMEDIATELY SENT RADIAT -2014 TO APT 4A MOVED NOT SENIORS -LATINO BANDITS !
I Marco (and I'm a democrat).
Shocker
As usual Marco had great interview.
If you like RINOs maybe. No thanks
Ur embolden bc u just got 6 yrs not respecting our President is unforgivable - stand with him the world has more respect than his own party
Trump was willing to lie to America & undermine the integrity of the DNI NSA & FBI for no reason other than himself
Did you ask him why he supports Dem programs most of the time @potus
No one watches CNN anymore! Fake Yapper is the worst!
I know I don't!
Clinton News Network the average American believes nothing you say!!!
L
Rubio get a ear job man their huge

Rubio has no BALLS.    Where were you when Lynch secretly met Clinton in an airport hanger to close down the email server investigation.
You will never be president. Get it to your head. You are not cut for this job go wash dishes
Excellent interview, Marco.
Wow, from the comments below it is clear that Marco Rubio scares the shit out of a lot of people. 
Rubio. You're a sore loser just like the loser leftists. I bet you even voted for Hillary! Hope you lose your seat in 2018 too.
Rubio gets donations from Soros! He would make no comments without Soros input! Trump is a fabulous president & knows exactly what to say!
You are a disgrace to your party and I'm very disappointed in you. Trump wasn't my choice but he is the president of your party. Back him!
Your comments regarding Trump are disgusting. He is your President from your party! I'm sick of our party working with the Democrat party
@marcorubio Good lord. Trumps do Literal Pay-to-Play. This is grounds for immediate dismissal fm government. Ivanka- MN.
You might want to read something other than salon or watch something other than @CNN. Ivanka isn't connected at all or benefiting. #libloon
Republicans are still hedging, still acting like "nothing to see here" 
let's destroy healthcare
Party over Country
#VoteGOPOut
This is so idiotically non-sequitur that it's hard even to respond.

Republicans are destroying healthcare

Look a squirrel!
But but we did not vote for you... We do not want a politician..Support the peoples will...
We know why Trump is president & Rubio is not. Trump is highly respected with many other countries! Rubio would have to get donors opinions
Sellout
if the repubs fail because u keep theoughing each other under the bus with statements like this. It's the American people that suffer! #rat
Pulse on how American conservative voters r feeling-we r fed up w/ corrupt, liberal MSM & sick of our elected officials cowing to them!
For the Senator, on that cloud - Circumstance 1st. For your esteemed consideration. Peace, Luv
no proof of trump/russia,yet Rubio grandstands on CNN and doesnt mention that the media and dems made it up as an excuse?SAD!

Venezuela necesita ayuda urgente este regimen arremete fuerte contra el pueblo
Tapper is slanted fake news.
Sen. Rubio you are e pecked to support our Pres. Trump and not make snide c
Snide comments about our President just make Rubio look small and envious. Pres. Trump has already done more for USA than anyone cld. do.
You are 100% correct
I wonder, are you sure your a republican? or did the Democratic Party plant you as a spy?
Marco are you trying to run for election in 2020. I know your running for the Democratic Party correct?
Cracks me up how you guys use the weak rino sore losers every Sunday
dear brother, why the US hosts the rich narcos, terrorists and relatives of the Government of Venezuela that seems to me unfair and low?
Talking crap about the Potus while he is abroad see why you lost ..no one trusts you
#tropa dejen a Venezuela en paz...aqui tenemos es bastante bolas para defender la patria que no dejo Hugo Chávez...libre e independiente
#tropa en venezolano "lavate ese culo..y te tomas el agua maldito cabron fascista..suguele meneando la cola al pajuo de trum...cabron
Heard your comment on Trump that the people got what they voted for, Yes they did a Non Politician that works for the people, Unlike you.
The Clinton's and the Obama's are calling @realDonaldTrump unfit for office. All four of them lost their law licenses. :/ #MAGA #LiberalLies
@tempteststorm2 since when does a Sen from Florida give a State of the Union Address? Between Rubeo & McCain it's becoming nauseating. Stop

#TRUMPLEAKS DOCUMENT LEAK:

419 docs—Trump lawsuits-contracts-leases-settlements—all legally obtained.…
Surprised he didn't need water during that interview.
Crooked lil Marco
@marcorubio I am happier for who we voted for & thank God you did not make it!  That would have made me unhappy just like if clinton made it
Get this guy his water bottle, puh-lease! And a brain while you're at it. Never saw a politician so grammatically challenged and so ignorant
Ugh! What a boring dweeb!
#TeamMarco loves you. #ThankYou
So full of shit, I can't listen.
You sounded like you cared about the truth. That I like. I hope that is true.
 you're funny!!
FACTS & the LAW answer!  WELL DONE!  Jake Tapper traffics in Tabloid TRASH!  To all friends in FL..  thanks for voting in MARCO!
I actually was going to applaud you for a pretty objective interview. Then I noticed every twisted, leading tweet headline since. smh
Any patriot, on either side, shd appreciate the integrity/non-partisanship w/ which @marcorubio is attempting to conduct this investigation.
He managed to stay awake, I'm strangely impressed
Rubio WAS my guy.  This is very disappointing and convinces me he should not have been.  #CNNseriously?
@CNN @SenRubioPress is NOT a critic of @POTUS He NEVER criticizes him nor will he meet with FL constituents. @Indivisible_TPA
OK interview but too many questions obviously trying to get Rubio to attack prez. He did a good job rising above it. He'll be prez someday.
Marco Rubio, @SenJohnMcCain etc. are showing their jealousy of @realDonaldTrump because they failed to rally America like he did.
You should have won @marcorubio ...
He should be in the White House!
His time is coming! Can u imagine how different it would be if he was president today?
Corporate donors and Special Interests above your interests... Brilliant!
Anything on the Clinton News Network is #fakenews
Aqui un terrorista de las FARC presumiendo de el dinero americano;Trump da de taxes a los terroristas amigos de Maduro-castro?very smart
Stop giving this moron air time.
chickenshit like the reat of the Repubs. Wonder how much money his campaign got from Russians?  Just sayin
The president had every right to fire Comey  he has become too politicalaccording to constitution you have no right to question it
Why would you even appear on CNN?
You're sure there's no omission Senator?  Jake the Fake is known for it
Hey Marco it's a #Witchhunt the Russia  cloud is a freakin lie and the disgusting thing about it is that you know it
@jaketapper and @marcorubio should get a room!! This two are pathetic and over paid.
It's time for cnn to go off the air
Why do you go on fake news Jake tappers show? Seriously Mr Rubio, Im giving u a chance as a Hispanic conservative. Don't lose ur voter base
Really is that all reporting you have on such an important day????
Jake Tapper keeps rfrncng innuendo hearsay as DOCUMENT .Proving CNN 2 be Totally Unreliable 4  Truth in reporting -U LOOK Bad going on there
HEY MARCO THE PROBLEM WITH THOSE THAT DONT LIKE MY PRESIDENT ARE NOT KICK ASS PEOPLE THEY ARE SUCKASS PEOPLE
Proud of yourself Marco. Did you defend your President?  That's what a dem would have done for Hillary
Why would you retweet that garbage Marco?
Little Rubio
Even though at one time I was foolish enough to vote for him, I've completely lost faith in @marcorubio. He puts himself first, always.
In which he says absolutely nothing
"I haven't seen the notes. Have you seen the notes" @jaketapper bows head in shame no I haven't but but but. Ah shut up jakey poo
Anyone accuses POTUS & he has to prove otherwise! like Reid accused Romney. Whats wrong with Republicans?  False charge against POTUS?
You can bet. The Nation is living the most dramatic moment in our modern history. The left do not respect
Why would any Republican waste their time talking with Dumocrap CheerleaderJake Crapper? He is a propagandist masquerading as a reporter!
I agree with you 100%. That is why I did not tune it. He is one in the Media(liberal)working against
After reading the comments. I don't think I will watch
With Tapper? WELL RUBIO IS NOT SCARED OF LUNATICS.  I will click on it now
Marco why do things for this bozo tapper
With 1.2 mil followers he gets 150 likes.....
Blah blah blah blah blah

U just a bunch of ignorance   Live to be Republican
after ignoring Rubio throughout his campaign, Jake seems to now care what Marco says.
Rubio is such a good (and predictable) politician. Constantly deflecting and evasive in answering questions he knows the answers to.
He's not relevant
Let's hope Anderson Cooper takes a dump on your desk so you have more crap to report.
It was a great interview!  Although I don't agree with Rubio on many things, it's nice to see an adult in the room.
I wanted to see the interview but what could this guy do now? He lost his credibility.
Very sensible discussion. Thanks for your work, Mr. Tapper
Who is worse? Rubio or Cruz?  Cruz.. cause he can live on dried flesh w no water. Rubio wilts if not fed a bottle.
Great interview this morning. Marco looked very worried.

no thanks rather watch paint dry .
How much water did he drink?
Rubio is a feckless coward. I'll so look forward to never having to hear about or see him again.
vote...NEXT TIME
Weasel words and subservience to Trump tend to ruin my Sundays.  Little @marcorubio needs to go sit in the corner
Sorry. Grilling Steaks, drinking some beer. #MAGA. Maybe I'll catch it on YT in a yr or 2. God Bless @realDonaldTrump.
GOT Pooper Scooper?
it was painful enough to watch once
Great interview!
Oh little Marco ur a liar  too
I was watching.  Then, I woke up 15 minutes later.
No thanku!  I don't need to "listen" to Rubio to know "nothing of substance" was said.  #PoliticallyImpotent
Little Marco.
I hope there was bottled water at hand.
Imteresting interview. Seems like he still wants to edge his bets but could have led conservative resistance early. Missed op.
Rubio can speak for 30 mins and say absolutely nothing.
He coulda been president...
Boy, did we dodge a bullet that time!!!!!
Even though my tweet is under Trumps comment it was made concerning someone else. Sure wish Twitter would keep relavent comments together!
Ah, little marco.
Marco Rubio knows exactly what he's doing.....
@senatormarco_r omg #blessyourheart you're as big a #tool as @SpeakerRyan

Look at those dead eyes

WATCH: Newt Gingrich calls for Seth Rich murder to be investigated on Fox News this morning. 
Did you give him a hug after this? Seems like he needs one.
Marco Rubio is the absolute WORST!
Excellent interview.
How small can he get in person?
Sen Marco Rubber.
Jake, you could have interviewed your office plant and gotten more useful, meaningful information
Great screengrab. He looks happy to be there
No thx Jake. Love your show but can't deal with this crap from @CNN any longer
Same. Jake, if you didn't press him on doing the right thing -for history/for posterity...if you didn't suggest it was time to put on his
big boy pants...then shame on you for six weeks.
It's well past time for a good Murrow-ing.
Great interview
did you ask him why he's a hypocrite?
Guy who lost to Trump in the POTUS R primaries?
He comes prepared.
