By all accounts he has the right temperament & experience for the job, & I’m pleased to see him nominated to serve on the U.S. #SupremeCourt
Most importantly, he is committed to the principles of original intent and judicial restraint. This is critical, because too many in the...
federal judiciary today believe it is appropriate for judges to invent new policies and rights instead of...
interpreting and defending the #Constitution as it is written.
Democrats announced they'd oppose any #SupremeCourt nominee. This obstruction is neither principled nor reasonable:
and intellectually lazy
I oppose nomination of #JudgeGorsuch for Supreme Court due 2 his extreme right wing views on religion Confirm #MerrickGarland
@SenateGOP Please vote NO to DeVos- tomorrow's leaders deserve a better example today
Wow! Look at some of the cases he has ruled on. He is not mainstream any more than Bannon or Pence. I voted for U 2 do right.
Vote NO on DeVos. Show your backbone! You know she's unqualified!
@SenateGOP LOL no, maybe Merrick Garland
Immaterial.Sorry.
What about a vote to #ConfirmGarland?
This is a stolen #SCOTUS seat & the people know it.The Senate has no credibility now. #MerrickGarland #illegitimatePresident
Why is the senate scared to vote confirmations, End this nonsense. Move to front of bus like Rosa Park did.
We need Sen. Sessions & Rex Tillerson confirmed asap...re: De Vos..not a fan.
@SenateGOP what about Merrick Garland? Little Rubio
@SenateGOP disappointed in Rubio. Seems he wants to be upcoming WA elite. Don't become obstructionist, hear the people! #MAGA
@SenateGOP the explain this
You don't have to lie. He's NOT mainstream, but he has impeccable credentials. Just stop lying.
@SenateGOP don't believe you. Just another conservative judge who will not do the best for the 99 percent
Yes!  Nearly as qualified and ethical as Merrick Garland.  Fits your agenda of destroying the gov't. though.
Wow actually sounds like a real republican, maybe, just maybe, you can eventually be promoted from RINO. Watching.
@SenateGOP perhaps you should of thought about that when another very qualified judge did not even get a hearing or vote
@SenateGOP It will be a shame to BULLSHITTING to call it a BULLSHIT
sounds similar to Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland...... @senrubiopress @senategop
Wasn't Merrick Garland as well?   Yet, you wouldn't even give him a hearing.
And how is Judge Garland any less qualified?
So? MerrickGarlsnd even more qualified & highly regarded but GOP refused to act. Why would u expect better than u gave now?
so was Merrick Garland #getabackbone #alternativefact
nope.
Maybe but everyone knows Trump picked because he will vote to over turn RvsW so no deal!!
. Hobby lobby.. #duh
Excited about his nomination.

who cares what u think he called u little Marco and u didn't stand up 4 urself? #noballs
Who doesn't respect women #countryoverparty #ivoteinFL
And, what the Hell do you know Mr. Flake.
@AlexConant Really @marcorubio Please don't be a John McCain or Lyndsay Graham. I supported you and will continue to
jobs man jobs
how much money did he give you?..or maybe kochs
Looking forward to his opinion on the Muslim ban and its relationship to the 1st amendment.
@BiasedGirl ok, I know  you are telling us all giving us amo 2 use because you cant believe he will get a fair hearing TY MR
What you say has no value since you laid down for Tillerson.
So since you trust the wisdom of the Senate in confirming judges you'll be voting against Sessions for AG?
thank you, awesome speech tonight. We had a good day! The judge nomination and your speech mark a good beginning of the year.
Didn't Trump call you "Little Marco"? Didn't Trump say he can grab pussy cause he's famous? Can u ever stand up to him?
@MattMackowiak so was Judge Garland
He was actually confirmed by a voice vote- not really the same as unanimous. He deserves the same respect you gave Garland
I think we should follow the advice of the republican senators and wait until after the election for the NEXT PRESIDENT
Putin does not deserve right to pick our American Supreme Court. Be loyal to America for a change. Seat Garland.
How are you voting on Devos....we in Florida are waiting to hear!
You've lost the credibility you almost had Mr. Rubio.
Does he have more balls then you ? Silly question .. embryos have more balls then you !
You almost got to have your opinion mean something and then you supported Tillerson, so....
#MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
the same can be said about #MerrickGarland   Why didn't Senate do their job at that time? #FLvoter
FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!FILIBUSTER!
thanks to the liberal Reid, the rules were changed. Happy days nuclear option available.
