But he won't let them seek refuge here? Like your family once did?? This is your president Marco not mine.
I did not know he lied about that, I mean I knew he was a liar just not about that.
So sad the previous images, and the African famine images don't touch him... USAID funding to be slashed... shame on our country.
He wasn't moved by it until it happened on his own watch. This is something shifty, he will use it to manipulate people.
Please explain how you know that
Nobody died in SandyHook Hoax, yet Obama was moved and cried over SandyHook HOAX - similarly, I am NOT moved by Dumb Trimp who was tricked .
Moved to the tune of $60M... Sixty million muthafuckn dollas, man! And 45s stock went up after the attack. @GOP fiscally responsible my ass.
So proud you Senator Rubio.  I am and will always be a "Rubio Republican".
Trump scam. Presidency for Profit.  Check Trump Co. Investments in Raytheon missiles. Preannounced raid. No damage.
He was moved by the POLLS + need to be considered STRONG! Where was him when children died in 2013 in higher numbers? YOu KNOW he is a CON!
An opportunity to improve his polls deeply moves you both.
Hypocrite!
was he moved enough to stop forbidding refuge to those children?
That right Lil Marco?
. "WRONG...WRONG"
If he was moved, why doesn't he offer them refuge here? Crocodile tears. Hypocracy!
Oh please, he would have a different stance on immigration if the vulnerable really mattered to him.  Stop the rhetoric, he is a monster.
How moved? Enough to give up your senatorial salary, benefits and retirement. Live like all the rest of us on social security? I doubt it.
If you REALLY think that, you are much more naive/stupid than I thought! you could see the CON ARTIST during the primaries...what changed??
I'm glad, but where have you guys BEEN the PAST EIGHT YEARS??!?
PS the emerging news today makes it clear the strike was a publicity stunt. Breaks my heart to say that.
you were also convinced he could be selling watches on 5th avenue on NY
*in
Keep lying so yall can go to war and make more money
So deeply moved he rushed off to play golf again? Trumtpy is nothing but a fuckwit, a self serving maggot, much like the rest of the repubs.
Rubio's back to sucking up..,
Trump is deeply moved at the prospect of being impeached for treason, all this bombing will not save his corrupt soul.
Bullshit. If everyone is so moved US should take them in. I hear no calls from Trump to take victims of Assad or ISIS. He cares about poll #
Everyone of us was moved but if I am going to react at least destroy the runways of all airports in Syria.Distract from Collusion again.
Hopefully @POTUS is wise enough not to fall for this deception.
If you're hopeful for him to be wise or behave prudently, you're a simpleton. I'm sure you're not. But he's neither intelligent nor cautious
Please! He and Putin designed this attack so Trump can look like a hero. Get with the program Marcoz
tell pres trump stay out of syriea stick to usa issues
Are you kidding me? He doesn't have the ability to feel anything unless it directly affects his ego or $$ #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpPutin
And yet not moved enough by the last few years of images? Is that why he shut down our borders to refugees?U r the most hypocritical group.
Narcissists are incapable of empathy.  You were played..again.  Trump is endangering all of us and GOP is enabling him.
Why was he not moved by the images in 2013. He opposed intervention not a USA war.
Looks like more lies and propaganda from Islamic State and warmongers #SyriaGasAttack
So moved he killed four more children last night. You must be so proud @marcorubio
hahaha. 70% of us don't believe anything you or trump say.
Blah blah blah blah blah blaaaaaaaah!
Ration verses Emotion

Our President is irrational
an emotional child
Really little @marcorubio tell us about it you must have felt your head shift being that you have your head stuck so far up trumps A$$#loser
Your cheeto president doesn't give a  damn and neither do you. Your corporate overlords told you to drop bombs, that is all.
The only thing that moves him is a solid bowel movement.
So much he's going to take in refugees RIGHT????
There's a sucker born every minute.
BS. He wasn't moved by more than 1,000 innocent people being gassed to death in 2013, including 100s of children.
The world cannot stand by & watch chemical weapons be used on human beings: Russia could have dealt w/Assad. Now we did!!
It is hard to see the violations and injustices happening thru out the world an organizations that we thought would stand to defend sit back
Not moved enough to take refugees but moved enough to spend 14 million to further destabilize the region and add to the chaos. #shortsighted
The point is that the Assads - grandfather, father, and son - have for many years defied international law against chemical weapons.
So what's the big deal about this? All people with good hearts have the same feelings towards this attack.
After your children are asleep, twitter Eliot Higgins, especially his videos of chemical attack.
It's a very very tiny heart but it has to be in there somewhere
bull he was
Oh FU @marcorubio!  You can't have it both ways. If he gave a flying F about Syrian children/people, he wouldn't ban them and cut UNFPA.
2013 he wasn't moved when estimated 281 to 1729 Syrians killed by à chemical agent sarin. Warned @POTUS44 not to attack Syria. #hypocrite
But not enough to take in Syrian refugees
As were all caring Americans like Sen Rubio
Hey- there you are Lil Marco. Your constituents have been searching high and low for you.
Yet all this despicable bigot does to help those people in need is sending more death to their land and refuse them shelter. #notmypresident
where were you in 2013?
@ReaganBattalion pretty clear proof the GOP decides foreign policy based on the race of the President
He wasn't moved. He was just looking for a distraction to #russiagate.
as he should be. So what!
Why wasn't he moved by their plight before this -Aren't these, potentially, refugees who he turned away?  ACA repeal also = suffering
Have you had a chance to talk to 2013 Rubio and ask him why he wasn't?
You mean the fake ones
I don't know that, but I do know @potus spent an entire year calling you "little Marco" and that you're defending him.
Say what? Moved? Theater it was. How about rejecting Refugees? Gimme a break.Good try, we know better
And you recognize a strong leader and compassionate conservative when you see one. Thank you for taking a firm stand today.
NOW he has a conscience?  Doubtful. Everything he's ever said & done is contrary to the actions committed last night. You just want a war.
Not enough to let Syrians take refuge in our country. Hypocrites, the lot of you.
I support you 100% on this delegation and proud you are our Senator!!
if you had served your country you would KNOW what war is.
u n this fool should have the same feeling n concerns about the people of the U.S.A
Trump isn't deeply moved by anything except it concerning his pockets! What a damn joke of a tweet! Your starting to sound like trump #idiot
Why can't you be Secretary of State?Tillerson is responsible for this
Murder is murder. We can't be outraged by chemicals but not bombings #partisan
Sociopaths don't have feelings.
Senator Rubio, heard your interview on @FoxNews. Thank you, sir, for standing up for President Trump and his actions in Syria.
Moved enough to lift the unconstitutional, discriminatory travel ban to let those suffering in the country he just bombed be safe?
you know very well that Donald has no such feelings, is incapable of having them. You're in it for the $$$.
You bet!
And the chemical attacks before that?
#TrumpleThinSkin is deeply demented.   He is moved to find something to prop up his deeply failing presidency and falling poll numbers.
He's not deeply moved by anything except his lower appendage.  Life to him is a reality show.
Assad's motive? What's the result of using conventional weapons on terrorists who possess chemical weapons?
STOP IT... it is about oil oil oil... this is WRONG
Marco, stop making money from war
This is falseflag iraq war 2.0....dont fall for these corporate shills
HE wasn't moved in 2013 when O asked for help, in fact he sd stay out of it n so did the R's ..U voted NO.. memory loss
It could have been a provocation, as far as we know.  If @SenSchumer likes it, it must be bad for this country. @cnn @nbc @SenJohnMcCain
wasn't this UN & NATOs call? Did our congress vote on this action? Do we not have a Constitution? Where is the Unity?
Trump was moved by the opportunity to look strong to overcome his disasterous presidency.    And to hide his little hands.
Moved enough to drop bombs in Syria, but not moved enough to allow safe refuge to Syrians here.
just what we need; a @POTUS moved to bomb countries :-p
Moved enough to accept refugees?
We all were.. Did you see how sad he was for the kids... and the anger in his eyes now he just needs to shape up his WH staff.
You're a 
@realDonaldTrump no prove of Assad used GW, how sad are the double standards of #US, killing as a computer game, killing for fun #Tomahawk
The Malignant Narcissist in Chief is only moved by his image in the mirror. He doesn't give a shit about Syrians- who he denies refuge.
@realdonaldtrump was deeply moved? he was responsible 4 the deaths of 200 civilians in the botched Iraq mission & expressed ZERO condolence
Bet they made you thirsty, son.
He's not "moved" by anyone except himself!  Just an opportunity to improve his numbers you fool!
assad didnt do it u fool -dumbo
Nobody has forgotten the time you and @POTUS made dick jokes on the campaign trail.  #LittleMarco
Glad you and the president are on the same page.
@aduanebrown @POTUS Those gassed Syrian babies = worst thing I've seen in my entire life. Thank you Mr. President for leading!
Go fool someone else.   Can't wait to get you out in 2018.
What do you mean moved? because of what he and Tillerson said was cause for Syrian dictator to act the way he did, blood is on their hands
Not moved enough to let the ones in the boats here!
It would be nice if he were moved by the plight of the millions of refugees #LittleMarco
As tragic as those deaths were, @POTUS shouldn't take action based on emotions because they lead to bad decisions, like this one.
FALSE FLAG ATTACK BY SO-CALLED MODERATE REBELS NOT ASSAD!!!
He & his boyfriend Putin caused this. This is not a sympathetic President he won't let these people into our country. He has crocodile tears
Illegal yet again. Unconstitutional again. Disgrace
No he wasn't. And as a president it's not about him it's about the people and what moves us!
So he throws a tantrum in the form of bombing without even informing congress until it's already happening. #manChild
He didn't tell Congress anything. You are a joke to him. Also, are we going to accept refugees now?
Not moved enough to let them come here.
President is a good man . A hard decision to make but it's the right one . Now Syria can see the line it was carved out with Tomahawk's
Interesting how you didn't notice the same feeling on @BarackObama
Voted against authorizing military strike against #Syria. Watch video of my statement here: http://bit.ly/13eZNM0 
@Carola2hope @POTUS   BS
Yea, that's why he didn't want to let those poor refugees into our country. Now he acts like he cares, like you care? It's disgusting.
So moved that he bans the refuges from coming in?
Kerry & #SusanRice assured us that all chemical weapons had been removed from #Syria Disgusted by mess left by Obama administration
Oh marco please get some Florida sun! U look like a vamprie. Did u just wake up?  Being on tv is not ur friend!
Let's all join together to pray Psalm 91 for our country and all the innocent people in the world. We need Gods intervention more than ever.
But not moved enough to bring in refugees.
If he was so "moved," why did he try to ban refugees? We've seen so many photos of sweet children coated in bomb blast. Such hypocrisy!
Then open the doors and let the refugees come here.
Thank U Marco for your total support of President Trump with the air strikes. You're an influential leader as well! Jesus bless you both!
thank you for supporting our president,... it was the right decision to bomb that air base.
But not moved enough to allow refugees to flee into our country....yeah moved.
they don't have chemical weapons
If @LindseyGrahamSC and @JohnMcCain had a son it would be little waterboy > @marcorubio
Like you care!
45* isn't moved by anything but money.
@DianneMarieTH @POTUS Shut up waterboy little McCain >@marcorubio
You miraculously had PowerPoint presentation & press assembly ready moments after #SyriaChemicalAttack did #Soros help you with that too?!?
@marcorubio Your words on Syria are profound and reassuring- thank you for being the voice of reason.
Then why does he oppose Syrian victims coming to the US as refugees?
I know you were to as well! Could you imagine if obama was still in office. He wouldn't do nothing for months.
this is part of plan. Russian hacks, upsetting election, USA in war w/ Assad. Putin must be very pleased.
Dismantling USA
No he wasn't. If he cared so much he would of let the refugees in the country. He is a dumbass.
Then we should welcome Syrian refugees
Oh good, so he's reversed his #MuslimBan & won't force people in a similar situation to those gassed in #Syria to stay & face the same fate?
In 2013 @POTUS tweeted that our President should NOT go to war in Syria even in the event of chemical weapons. You voted no but now it's ok?
Ok Little Marco. Keep sticking up for this fool.
Then he should have allowed them to come to the US as refugees!! How dare he act like he cares about them now!
Really? Only now? None of us believe the fake platitudes of any in the #GOP.  #Syria These are the same refugees he refuses to allow in.
He had a bowel movement? That deep?
I wish @POTUS had credibility, so I could believe him.
You are a fan of another war in the middle east?
What about the dead children of Newtown? And you and rest of Congress in DC wouldn't buck the NRA and pass BACKGROUND checks. F U #Hypocrite
Delighted the era of Obama's 'red line' is over. We have a strong president who won't take any crap
BTW where are Trump's taxes? My guess: no investments in Syria
As he walked away you saw the pain and his shoulders were slumped, pray for him and our military 
How embarrassing that our Prez needs picture books to make serious decisions..
So the idiot has had intelligence briefings and did nothing. Saw a picture then decided to act?
