Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities & be safe!
@The_Prototyper @scriiipt @PenanceRPG @varnished_truth @atanak74 @HansCTweets @sethnidilaw @TheOtherDMMatt
Boy did someone reply to the wrong tweet...



@Bebarce is the news
I can believe it!
Above all please make sure not to say "climate change" in FL. You don't want to be guilty of thought crime.
You wrote Climate Change! Now I'm thinking it. You're going to get us all in trouble.
"Now it's 1984 knock knock knock @ your front door. It's the secret police....." flag waving and all, justify their censorship of science.
Its like this whole administration took some Dystopian Novel Challenge - starting with Animal farm and are working up to Brave New World
It seems like @marcorubio is in a position to change the course of that but will he? Or will he continue participate in the insanity?
@marcorubio thinks that the insanity is profitable. I'm really looking forward to not voting for him
Hi3
Maybe with your full NRA contribution cashbox the people of Pensacola can 'shoot' the hurricane away
Semi Auto paper towel launcher? That way they don't have to get too close but can still give the impression they care...
Just like your career.
Stop banning shit, and get rid of ObamaCare... We got the panhandle covered bud.
you have nothing to worry FLORIDA IS NOT Puerto Rico,
Ou
God bless

Your god must hate you. Maybe you should resign to spare your constituents.
It's ok Marco just shoot a proverb at it and problem solved!
Mr tromp childhood he is from Afghanistan
Vote no on the Trump budget/tax plan that will drastically cut Medicare and give tax cuts to the wealthy.
#NoWealthcare
What has that to do with hurricane warning????
Ltlkdelyueif
Like your reputation?
Hey Marco, I used to be a lifelong republican until my party abandoned their principles to become sycophants for a racist reality tv actor.
Not to mention that my former party, the republicans, are in bed with the soviets. We used to be the anti-russia party. Now u are apologists
Climate change, cambio climático. Do you get it now?
Accepted the second highest amount of $ from NRA and sends copy an paste letters to constituents concerned about healthcare. Shameful!
Bravo! PUBLIC service messages aren't so hard! That's all any of us r askin for! Public service vs pushsing ur Religious beliefs from pulpit
Are he massive number of viable hurricanes due to global warming?@seriouslyfit
Hey, Trump's headed to play golf. HAHAHA!
Be sure to send citizens plenty of paper towels!
No bible verse?? You are slipping! I hope u are concentrating on understanding how horrendous the tax plan proposal is for America!
@block_chain_one - Want to know who is really Satoshi Nakamoto? Sign and soon the truth will conquer the world
https://twitter.com/RightWingAllies/status/916396930762137601 …
Sell out.
Sen Rubio, you have been outstanding during these natural disasters! Great to see you stepping up and handling things so great! Hands on!
Sell-out
Thank you. We're keeping a close eye out.
The way Trump treated Puerto Rico, they will flood Florida, an vote Against Republicans! Jobs down 33,000 an more being lost every day.
Too bad the poor guy can't afford it!!!
Wow. So many hurricanes and other crazy weather related events. Maybe you can help us stay #Safie by doing something about CLIMATE CHANGE?!

Calling the Las Vegas mass shooting the deadliest ever whitewashes U.S. history. 
Thank you for thinking of us. I pray all of FL remains safe including you
Can U please tell everyone to take their #pets with them or have a safety plan to shelter animals from storms? TAKE YOUR PETS EITH YOU
U had chance to show your integrity. Gravitas. Dissent from the lunacy and your lunatic. U blew it. You're the worst of politics. Sell out.
Thanks. We want to get our country back too.  #Sayfie
#Sayfie ????????????
Praying for my daughter and family in Ft. Walton Beach at Hurlburt AFB.
In La. we call a Cat 1 a sun shower unless you live below see level & your mayor has chosen tearing down statues to fixing pumps.
Divine protection from above for all
Senator, intensity of these storms are just more evidence of climate change. Living in Florida it's reality. Sir  need to accept the facts.
Stop pimping! How much are they paying you?
Stay safe everyone!
Have you wondered why with a GOP WH like in 2004 & now we’ve had so many storms? You think your God is trying to tell you something Marco?

Trump "began fulminating about federal laws that prohibit American businesses from bribing officials overseas." 
#Sayfie? so only conservatives should be careful & screw everyone else?
FEMA still there?
Lots of trumpers there, better get the vans ready
But fuck Puerto Rico, right?
Solution Destroy EYE AT SEA  test over open water on 1 of those "sure won't hit land" Hurricanes.  DO IT NOW #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Praying for all
Its a good thing bump stocks are still legal. We need to scare away that hurricane with a shit ton of lead.
Awesome tweet!
HOLIDAY ........... NOT  MY  FRENT  ... WHERE ARE YOU GO  MY ... NOT NEAR FRENDS ... WHO  SPEAK ...  ARE YOU TEPAL  SPEAK MY

One thing that many of us are forgetting w/ Mr. Trump's Attack on Birth Control, is that Birth Control isn't just used to prevent pregnancy. It's used for ovarian cysts & several other medical problems as well. It's health care for Women! And now it's gone! #HandOffMyBC
Written any worth while legislation for America lately? No? Just drawing a check and benefits from hardworking Americans? #welfarebitch
' wash, spin and rinse cycle....
What likely caused the Hurricanes
