What the heck Senator Rubio, Breitbart News? They are the worst of the worst propaganda rags in America, steer clear of this trash
He has a policy that he truly believes in. This is how you sell it. Regardless of which media outlet. Focus on what he's saying..
Exactly! When Marco started doing interviews on Fox I was sick, but yesterday everyone's saying they won't watch anything but FOX SMH!!
It's not where he or anyone goes to push policy, it's about the policy itself. He needs to reach ALL Americans and that's what he's doing
Exactly!  I don't know how many places he had to go to get the message out but it was pure and clean, and clear. Ppl need to see that.
Haters will always hate.
These weren't haters that I was surprised by unfortunately,  just ppl who didn't like he published at Breibart. They were his own words!
I hear that.. yes they are his words and his policy and he's working hard to pass it. He should be applauded!
I support this idea, but wish you would publish this piece in a credible news organization. Breitbart attacks unfairly, and is anti Semitic
That's true but I'm proud that he got it published and it's his words speaking not theirs.  That's what matters IMO
Still the fact that he chose their site is what's the problem. I can't believe he couldn't have written for an outlet that's not so horrible
Yes I did, & I'm still an Andrew Breitbart fan. He was a giant, I miss him a lot. Here is what he said in 2011. RIP
@BreitbartNews is not Andrew Breitbart anymore. I always trusted him. Today is a different group with different stories.
We like you, Breitbart on the other hand not so much. They changed a lot after Andrew passed. He was a giant, miss him a lot!
Tax reform won't do jack for most. Taxes aren't the problem. Wages are, and you're working hard to keep them low.
@marcorubio We haven't had a good, widely acceptable, Tax Reform since President Reagan
Breitbart? Congrats for lending them legitimacy. You do yourself no favors with this. Their readership still hates you.
Op Ed in breitbart. Dear god. You are pathetic
If you want to retain any credibility after Trump era mercifully ends, you best stay away from Breitbart. Good god, what are you thinking?
Nope. Not if it's in @BreitbartNews. Surprised you would agree to that placement.
Seriously, you are writing in Breitbart? Dude, pick a legitimate news organization.  Miami Herald comes to mind.  #RubioBreitbart
reported as peddling fake news
Seriously, writing an op-ed for that garbage site that's a cancer on conservatism? Going wherever the political winds are blowing I guess.
No thinking person reads Breitbart.  If you have a real thought, share it with real media.  Breitbart is #FakeNews
BREITBART??? Was there no space in KKK Times?
Are you kidding me? What has happened to you? You are embarrassing yourself. What a shame.
Breitbart? Seriously?
Why would you share your ideas on this shitstain of a website? I didnt have much respect for you before but now its absolutely none.
You should be appalled and ashamed to contribute with an organization who works to spread hate and lies.
I do not read biased publications like Breitbart. I doubt that a majority of your constituents do- your job is to represent ALL of Florida
You wrote for Breitbart News? You have no spine. Wow.
We do not believe a word out of your mouths.
Breitbart? So you're not even believable enough to get a spot in the National Enquirer? #sad #FloridaDeservesBetter #SiestaKey
We need a real #Senator that works for his state.  Read my oped right here...  HOLD A TOWN HALL!!!
Breitbart? really? talk about credibility. Shame @marcorubio
You know this like writing an OpEd for the Racist Enquirer, right? #senatorreform2020 #ewww
Really, what the heck are you trying to accomplish? I'd read it, but not there. #Sad you're going after the alt-right vote. More than sad..
Brave of you to proudly indicate that you share Breitbart racist misogynist values!
we really need strong leadership, truth and justice top down @marcorubio  Get on the right side of history!
Breitbart isn't news; it's right-wing, fascist propaganda! TRAITOR!
Supportive of you but this specific piece needs to be permanently ignored just based on the platform you've chosen to give it to. Do better!
Fair indeed, but it's important that those of us who recognize Breitbart for what it is don't cease to say so. The bar's fallen low enough.
Reading  these Critical comments Marco,  from ppl I call friends makes me think they were hacked! Your forgiveness speaks volumes! God Bless
Maybe it's not all your friends who've been hacked, but you by #Putin.
@breitbart is propaganda, false, misleading, pure crap!
Reprint in TWS, NRO.....any place besides Breitbart
And now the Senate decides to go on recess.
@marcorubio won't take to a reputable news site because he can't control the narrative. Breitbart is straight up propaganda.
Linking to breitbart will cost you the vote of this registered FL republican. Stop with the frogmen
I agree. How about you have a town hall so you can discuss it with your constituents?
Seriously, Senator?! Nothing published in @BreitbartNews has credibility. You can be better than this
Rubio = Slime
Lol, you are such a terrible senator.
Will never click on @BreitbartNews for anything...sorry @marcorubio They tried to destroy you. What are you thinking????
Comemierda
Well said
The Breitbart reader is your audience now? You're lending legitimacy to a nationalist propaganda rag by doing this. Disgusting.
"we need real tax reform that empowers my donors" - there I fixed it for you. Breitbart? Seriously .. uh no I will pass on that garbage.
Why would you associate with that rag?
Seriously though, Breitbart?
Kind of narrow audience Marco!
Yes, & as your constituiant, I sense congress is incapable of working w/our @POTUS. Congress seems still licking election wounds. Dangerous.
So GET TO WORK AND DO IT !!! Stop w the Father Marco tweets and do your damn job. By luck you got a second term bec 1st round sucked
You absolute, spineless political hack.
Breitbart?  Trying to pick up the tin foil hat vote?
Yes we do & I'm really proud of what your doing for families children. You've got the plan, just make the blind see
TRUMP:  THE BUCK DOESN'T STOP HERE!  THE NEW TEFLON DON!  
Gang. Of. Eight. Not just an accomplice but it's salesman.
This is like giving a great speech to a crazy person to deliver in your stead. The message will get lost.
@IndivisibleFlag I am beyond disgusted you wrote an article for a hate mongering outfit like Breitbart, your officially on notice.
Breitbart?? Really?? Ok, you just lost my vote...
Breitbart? Et Tu, Rubio?  Why contribute to the cancer destroying the intellectual and moral strength of the GOP?
See your article is in a fake news outlet that promotes racism and lies.  Good job senator.
You're doing op eds in Breibart now!? The little respect I had left for you is out the window.
Why are you writing in that rag? Disappointing
You lost me at breitbart
it shows who you really are by writing @BreitbartNews a proven racist propaganda slinging website. You're an embarrassment.
Breitbart? Have you no shame?
Here's why Rubio  Breitbart https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/02/upshot/the-great-political-divide-over-american-identity.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur …
You need politicians who steer well clear of Nazi "news" sites like Breitbart.
Breitbart!  Is that the only "news" that would print an article for you? Rubio voted Y Sessions -Sessions Stephen Miller they are the same
We also need a health care system that will protect all Americans YET, you voted to repeal ACA. No Bueno!
TRUMPCARE= More money for the 1%,, Death and excruciating pain to millions of Trump voters who just want to live a good life

