How far out are we from your season opener at a Town Hall Meeting? #FaceYourConstituents
the Blue Angels used to come to my town a lot. I love their entertainment in the sky. Beautiful sight.
WE CAN'T HAVE UNITY WITHOUT EQUALITY! #trumprussia #russiagate #LOCKTHEMALLUP #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW
sez #oneTermLiar @marcorubio @SenRubioPress
blue angels? U r Distracted from real issues WE care about. Trump taxes, Russia, health care, constitution, things like that
Hopefully they'll show up and do their job. Unlike you. #Florida #TownHalls #Pathetic #TodaysGOP #TrumpSupporter #SAD
#traitor2USA @marcorubio #onetermliar
I guess if evangelical #hatecultist believe in #JesusOnADinosaur they can also believe that #AngelsBombPeople

. Quit looking at the sky, look at your constituents who got you your job. Face the music or quit
- why are you so afraid? Aren't you as good as @realDonaldTrump @POTUS in lying to your constituents?
AND????
Marco, you're scared $hitless of your constituents, and you refuse to acknowledge Russian election interference? RESIGN.
And seriously- talking about the Blue Angels when our democracy has been compromised? That is shameful behavior. Congress=spoiled children.
Really NY troll?Why don't you call your Gov re: the illegal criminals he's releasing on our country instead of givg 2 ICE!
No thx, my man in FL! I'll just wait for prices on everything to rise as we deport our cheap labor! Mmm, $15 burgers baby!
$15 burgers are gonna come from min wage^to $15/hr n kill kids jobs, my lady, not from deporting illegal aliens.
, you truly have no clue as to who has worked in our fields and slaughterhouses for DECADES. You are a fool. @Troy_Rentals
so tell us how you voted for Donald to keep his taxes secret....
but will you be there? thanks for showing up.  got questions for you.  you ate up my vote if i can't be heard.
Really?  With all of the I,portent things going on, this is what your focus is?  What about holding townhall meetings?
love Blue Angels! They always touch my heart.
after reading all of the replies to your recent insightful tweet you should also be very scared of being on twitter. No love.
MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS
Awesome!
that Russian street sign must be so important to your constituents , why don't you have a Town Hall to find out ?
your working on a bill to name a street after a Russian diplomat but don't do a Town Hall with your voters ? You're out !
perhaps they can practice in Iran/Irag air space and drop a few bombs while they're at it
. @marcorubio that's nice. Why don't you come?
expensive PR program for government.
Busy day, doing the people's work?
My 75 year old dad (Vietnam vet) called me to ask if I heard you call us all rude and stupid. That's not OK Marco. Apologize now
you have nothing better to comment on ? pathetic hypocrite
good job little Rubio, good thing your not wasting your time in Washington
Rubio, of Crist, “They’re so insulated. Never has our political class been more insulated from the real lives of real people.”
I love them! And the TB! Go fly and touch American hearts everywhere
you are a great example of why people hate politicians.
@BlueAngels I Love the Blue Angels
now tweet about Trump taxes and the independent prosecutor
another waste of taxpayer money.... budget this under the circuses heading.
looks like Blue macaw.
How about the #Trumprussia investigation? When does that start
160 SOAR ARSOAC is better ! But have fun with the family ! Ly bro
That’s nice. How long until your season opener town hall with your constituents? #CanWeTalkRubio #notrudeorstupid
CUT THIS BULLSHIT WASTE!! Our government is showing it's REAL self. STAY DILLIGENT. CUT SPENDING! MINIMIZE #OF POLITICIANS NOW!!
.@marcorubio how about you go fight for our "freedom" in one of these wars?
Are you actually going to show up for something? But I'm sure you won't be able to speak with your constituents.
Can't wait to take my toddler to one, he is a big fan of the blue.
Just the sort of environmental atrocity and government waste of resources you'd like.
and you still won't meet with your constituents
Oh look! Another troll.
your tax dollars at work.  THIRTY SEVEN MILLION DOLLARS per year.  looking to cut wasteful spending?? #notreally
