Great meeting with Senator @marcorubio today to discuss Florida economic development. #upsideofflorida 
١-
In Iraq, You killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women !!
@ashtonjhayward you were so good against Tillerson tell me you're going  to vote against him be on the right side of history man
@ashtonjhayward No Tillerson!!!
- 
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country
I'm STUNNED voted for Marco Rubio to support  Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors McCain, Graham orout
The Percentage of Illegitimate children in USA is much  than the muslims countries due to of  missing of women's rights
١-
In Iraq, You killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women !!
٣- 
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country
In Iraq, You killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women !!
In Iraq, You killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women !!
١-
In Iraq, You killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women !!
#Getaroomashholes
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country
The Percentage of Illegitimate children in America is much larger than the muslims countries Because of women's rights Misses
I'm STUNNED voted for Marco Rubio to support  Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors McCain/Graham progress orout
I'm STUNNED voted for Marco Rubio to support Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors McCain/Graham progress or out
@ashtonjhayward no need! He just lost his 2018/2020 races! Spineless once again! The people are rising up!#Shame
@ashtonjhayward & saying yes to Rex & Russians& removing public ed & appointment of a man the foreclosed on active military
dear friend;very strange 
In Iraq; USA killed innocent women and  children and in KSA  you are demanding the rights of women!
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country .
The Percentage of Illegitimate children in America is much larger than the muslims countries Because of women's rights Misses
In Iraq, You killed innocent  women and  children !!! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women.
dont talk about muslims country 
look too your country problems
No one ask you to talk about us
٢-
The Percentage of Illegitimate children in America is much larger than the muslims countries Because of women's rights Misses
٣- 
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country
Would be nice if you contacted your voters back vs just sending a robo letter then nothing. Who are you? Do you even really care
how do you get a robo letter? Do you email him?
yes those generic emails. Thank you for writing I will get back to you. NOT! I call them robo emails.
you should call him 202-224-3041
I did!
♡
Will let you know if I hear anything. Holding my breath though, Not lol
I'm STUNNED voted for Marco Rubio to support  Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors McCain, Graham, nobama
I'm STUNNED voted for Marco Rubio to support Trump and he ONLY sucks asx w/traitors McCain, Graham, nobama
Look Forward 2 NASA Finally Back in the Space Business !
@ashtonjhayward ٣- 
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country
You know that Russia is no friend.  Follow your instincts, here! This will all surface at some point...NO on Tillerson!
saudi women hate you and your fake liberation. we are fine and happy more than your community
The Percentage of Illegitimate children in America is much larger than the muslims countries Because of women's rights Misses
Interest in rape cases and illegitimate children in your country

اهتم بقضايا الإغتصاب و الأبناء غير شرعيين في بلدك
Please remember: In 2009, the vote to confirm HRC as SOS was 94-2 in Senate. You, McCain, Graham, Do not let us down!!!!

@SenRubioPress  سفير بريطاني سابق يحكي عن جرائم بلاده حول العالم بداية من غزو العراق 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBEJtwDXKPQ …
محام أميركي: تلك الصور تمثل حلقة حزينة في تاريخنا، ويجب عدم حجبها عن الرأي العام

Please do not confirm DeVos!!!
You were my number 1 GOP nominee until gang of 8, I still struggle to trust you, actions & words to present day. Wasted smarts..
@SenRubioPress @ashtonjhayward Marco Praying for God to give you a peaceful heart on your decision! We only see one side Trustu
@ashtonjhayward  Sen Rubio will a
always do what is right for America 
,
Thanks to your office for getting back to me (not).
Marco stand up to Trumps nominees history will remember you as brave and decisive if you do, if not you will fade away .
Don't trust him there is a lot people don't know the truth about him.  Don't trust him
Please vote NO on Rex he is not the right person for Secretary of state !
And a friend of Putin is not what we need !!
please don't give into Trump and his bullying tactics, we want his taxes and his assets divulged
@ashtonjhayward You have one change to salvage your honor. And maybe save the world. Vote no for #Tillerson confirmation.
I want to move to Florida because of Marco Rubio 
Little Marco
@ashtonjhayward You need to think about Amircan woman .They have many proplem with men in the street,bus,house with !!!
Lyon need to be in Washington facing down the repeal or ACA!
Nice 2 know u are still in office, as a buffer 4 our new president.
Senator Rubio, I have been a loyal follower of you from 2010. Please elect an able Sec. Of State Mr. Tillerson.
@ashtonjhayward Vote yes on Tillerson
Vote No to Betsy DeVos!

@ashtonjhayward Remember when he abused his government credit card
thank you.  Keep up the fine job you're doing.
@ashtonjhayward Didn't we meet at that club in Florida years ago?
@ashtonjhayward why haven't y'all taken down the Scientology there? They abuse people. @LeahRemini
Wish I had known you were in town... would've showed you my autographed @TheBobbyBowden  football.  :)  Thanks for all you do.
I might have to move to Florida. Great economic policies.
You and Nikki knocked it out of the park today!
@ashtonjhayward Now it's your turn to bust his balls....Do the right thing
@ashtonjhayward Don't forget what Trump did do you Marco he emasculated you in front of the whole world Bing Bing
@ashtonjhayward
Same with me. Does anyone know the real @marcorubio? I'm tired of it.
Your speech about Saudi Arabia is too far from democracy, try to understand other cultures, please.
Iraq after the American culture

@ashtonjhayward listen Marco the EPA rep needs to go. I know you have your own cash crop in Florida but NO 2 EPA PRUITT
FACT:  Ashton is Lil Marco's secret husband. Make GOP gayer again. #MGGA
.@marcorubio Vote NO on Tillerson for State.
@ashtonjhayward Marco needs to realize he is part of a team - not a King
@ashtonjhayward Tell Donald Yrump to release his tax returns, stop assaulting women, and try not to go through any more wives!
Vote for Tillerson
@ashtonjhayward two pimps 
I want to say baes but remembered my daughter said I'm not allowed to use that word. So I can't. But I'm thinking it.
thank you for your time today.
In Iraq, You killed innocent women and  children !! And in Saudi Arabia  you are demanding the rights of women!!
are you gonna have a backbone this term or nah?
@ashtonjhayward great to see you voted nay on the RX importation bill! Fuck poor people right?!
