At the current rate, it could take 11 years and 4 months to fill all possible Trump administration spots. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/07/17/us/politics/senate-democrats-art-of-delay-trump-nominees.html …
Real leadership from both parties.   Let's see who steps up. I hope you are one of those we need to step up!
Absolutely
Nuke them through if u have to. All of ur jobs depend on it. Don't let dems destroy this opportunity this country it may be our last chance.
You can't blame Democrats when your Party has majority in House, Senate, WhiteHouse & SCOTUS. It is, rather, @GOP moral failure.
Schumer obstruction. 1/3 # of all Presidents cabinet passed by this time. Pure evil in Dems  only care about themselves. TG many up in 2018
Nonstop obstruction for six years.
Reality is Republicans did the same thing.
What nominations? Seriously. Please provide all the positions and nominee's names, and date of nomination. I'll wait.
@SenRubioPress Still waiting.
Complete and full repeal AHA

Perhaps you should look within at who the appointees are and why there are complications
Bravo! The American public voted u all in. Do the job u were put there to do.
@beck_ann4 @beentomontana @philadper2014 @gbroh10 @GartrellLinda @C_P_Bradley @peddoc63 @comermd
God bless you Senator Rubio. May I live long enough to say President Rubio!
The GOP controls the house, senate, whitehouse and arguably the Supreme Court. Why can't you accomplish anything? Maybe it isn't us........
With all due respect, this seems very similar to what Republicans did for the 8 years under Obama.   What is needed is real leadership!
Remember Merrick Garland? Yeah, we do too.
Check all the previous presidents who had stated in less than a year and a presidency let the next president choose

@beck_ann4
@edatpost Floridians regret their vote and want it back! Putin Rubio in congress was a huge mistake!!
Finding QUALIFIED people willing to fill some of those roles and work under Trump is a Sisyphean task in its very nature.
"MITCH MCCONNELL: “ONE OF MY PROUDEST MOMENTS” WAS TELLING OBAMA I WOULDN’T DO MY JOB UNTIL HE LEFT"
Looks like his doing a bang up job.
He forgot Obama left and is now obstructing himself 
Obama did wire tap. Shadow omg all President Trumps trips. Sick Melado
You really are the best Marco!!!!   We all agree!!
The senate should stop the vote to repeal ACA
I'll give U same free advice I gave the #FakePrez : U should shut the hell up! Get to work on getting rid of #TreasonWeasel
doesn't there need to be nominees that are qualified first?
They are over qualified willing to reduce the 20 Trillion Debt Obama left us with
How? By turning the economy back on after obama shut it down illegally against constitution?
YOU LOST HONEY.
Yes, because the only reason those spots are not filled is the Democrats, not the total mess in the WH.
Maybe you all need to realize the title that matters is Senator,not Democrat or Republican, and quit the BS partisanship that's hindering us
No vacation needed don't home we don't want u
you are remarkably dishonest. You can't confirm what hasn't been nominated.
Merrick Garland ring a bell? Maybe the Obama years?
You are helping divide the country by making false statements. Everyone wants the Country to move forward.
Change the ruling you have the WHOLE HOUSE
Democrats? All you need is 50 Republicans, you have 52...Democrats?
Like you fid with Merrick Garland? Oh wait you didn't stay but still blocked him.
Again MR, your notion is on point.
the same could be said for GOP to work with Dems on Health care...hmm.
No one is dumb enough to believe this The GOP controls Congress and the votes for nominees.  You schedule the votes. Maybe you need nominees
Suggest asking Merrill Garland for his thoughts.
Democrats are sick, very sick! Haters
POTUS has to nominate ppl first. Please stop pretending you don't know how government works.
It would probably help more if Trump actually nominated people.  UR just as pathetic as Trump with the lies.
Thank you!
But it was okay when Repubs did same to Obama?

No one reputable wants to work "for" #DonTheCon.  It's apparent there's a serious shortage of applicants.  The WH works for Don not people.
Lie much rubio. You know full well  @POTUS has failed to put forth qualified candidates for a @GOP majority senate to rubber stamp. 
When does the discussion begin regarding removal of Jarod's security clearance?
When the EPA nominee writes "science-bible stories" and your Energy nominee tweeted Obama was a "Kenyan creampuff," you'll deal with delays
STOP ALL VACACIONS ! AND BREAKS TIME , UNTIL ALL PROBLEMS RESOLVED ! .  GO TO WORK  24/ 7 !! OR BE FIRED !!
I'd  like to see you do more than tweet about it. Show us what you're  made of Mr. Rubio.
1. You did it to Obama.
2. People are refusing to serve Trump.
3. WH is a mess.
4. Trump doesn't know enough talented staff.
Youll have to grow a much bigger brain before calling something mindless. Grow spine while youre at it & stand up to Trump bullshit. #Fraud
Couldn't agree more.
Oh shut up. Trump has the issues. He's NOT nominating people.
Just recess already as the Sen hasn't accomplished much. @realDonaldTrump can then recess apt & get the job done you can't. @FordOConnell
Bye Boy
Trump has submitted very few names, & his picks for sensitive positions have shown a distressing willingness to LIE, so it may take a while.
The constant mantra of repeal Obamacare is pretty mindless. #resist #indivisible #Resistance #IndivisibleTeam #TheResistance #ACA
Or, maybe check out why the Office of Government Ethics head Walter Shaub needed to quit?
The free for all for lobbyists now roaming the WH?
Perhaps y'all in the Senate may want to point out that golfing more than Tiger Woods is impinging Dear Leader's ability to actually NOMINATE
Sigh.
Looks over shoulder.
Coughs. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/06/trump-administration-nominees-paperwork-239124 …
Ahem.
U weak
As for you, Rubio, one day, Trump's presidency will be a tragic memory. You and those that enabled him will be a cautionary tale for others.
Maybe, just maybe, you should listen to the people you are supposed to represent!  1/2
You literally have told me that my opinion as your constituent DOES NOT MATTER -  DO YOUR JOB instead of complaining! 2/2
It's a sad day for America when congress is hell bent on destruction of the nation
Like how Republicans blocked Marrick Garland? The orange idiot in the White House actually has to nominate first.
Umm you have control of the presidency and both the house and senate. The fault here is not with the Democrats.
You guys are just too much. Do you think we have forgotten what your party did through the Obama years.
No blockade. No nominees. Have you ever tried the truth, Senator?
@realDonaldTrump has no interest in staffing the executive branch properly. Authoritarian dictatorships are closely held operations. FOOL
Seriously? You are such a hypocrite. When are you going to be a grown up?
Stop kissing Trump's ass. You know that his nominees are not qualified.
Your the hold up Senator. Why wait on 60 votes. Would they?  No!
First of all, there is a surprising lack of nominees. Could it be payback for blocking Obama's agenda?? And don't you have the majority?
Amen!  Pay checks should be held until all of POTUS Cabinet are in place.  Dems R obstruction of justice.  S/B against the law!!
It's not mindless. They are fighting for the majority who want our government working for us rather than special interests
thirsty? #whatwouldjesusdo
I watch on and reflect thinking, really, these are our best. Why did we ever fight put men in peril to preserve this #romperroomgovt
You realize that most of the openings are open bc no one has been put forward, right?  Stop blaming others for WH incompetence.

No,it's the blockade of mindless nominees.
That's a dang lie. Work 1/2 the year
Agree Marco ... I feel so bad for ppl without insurance!
Wear them down into submission would be nice. Trump should just say these are my cabinet and go around them. We need our government now
Hey Marco, thanks for the vote on Merrick Garland! Oh - that never happened, so stop your damned whining.

You sad it well Mr. Rubio
Hope that they will lissen.
But you better kick Ryan and McDonnels a.s out there.
Tell the President this!!
I don't agree with Rubio much but this I can agree with.
Whining again? Last time I checked: 1. You need to actually have nominees. 2. GOP owns Congress 3. Oh, more GOP whining.
What was your stance when the US was short a Supreme Court Judge last year under a different president? Asking for a friend.
Who is the party in charged now? Why can't u all get anything accomplished in-spite of? How about taking some responsibility?
Is that what they did to you when YOU were having your mindless blockades of, say, a Supreme Court nominee?? Grow a spine.
Oh, go home.
Hello??? You are in the majority.  You don't need the Democrats.
They have to block these unfit idiots that want to tear our country apart. Get some truly qualified people and they will said through.
Let's hope you can improve your attendance. Sounds like the shoe's on the other foot. At least the other party's nominees were qualified.
You should retire early like @jasoninthehouse!
First thing you said in a long time that makes sense
Amazing. Even with both houses of Congress and the White House, Republicans can't get anything done.
Don't worry about it, Lil Marco. He is not going to be in office long enough for it to matter. And neither will your party.
AND until you pass a meaningful repeal and replace healthcare bill.
Heck, if the Senate just worked 7 days in a year it would be amazing!
@GOP controls the House, Senate and White House. They're embarrassing me with their inability to get anything done. Man up and stop blaming
Why is the Senate Majority Leader doing just that? Totally worthless.
#WednesdayWisdom
What nominees Senator? Please inform us.
@edatpost I agree with you Rubio seems like your the only one who wants to help America and put us first just like Pres Trump
Great idea!
Trump nominees are not qualified, and you spineless little Marco stop carrying water for  traitor Trump or you will pay for it in 2018
Russian blackmailing Rubio Ryan McConnell Reince thru Trump
Sure little Marco! Now drink you're milk and go to bed.
You mad, bro?
You've got to be kidding Senator. This is crap & you know it. 1) The White House is inept & 2) remember Merrick Garland?
@marcorubio should show up in Florida for town halls with his constituents
@GOP obstruction was worse, #RubioBS. Dishonesty runs deep in your character Rubio.
Let's be honest: they're playing from Republicans' dirty playbook. Americans hate it, no matter who is doing it. Also, there's few nominees.
Trump needs to actually nominate people for the vast majority of these roles. There's nothing to obstruct when there's no nominee named.
Merrick Garland??
What nominees are you talking about?
How about we get some decent nominees instead of yahoos who just want to tear down our institutions and run rampant over them?
The majority of the country....even many Democrats agree with you. This is unconscionable.
Hello you have the majority
sorry but with Trump at the head, all business should stop #25thAmendmentNow
Please earn your salary and health coverage
Were you force to do that when your #bitchass was doing the obstruction?
Merrick Garland says GFY
Now you're talking! I am so proud of you for making this commitment to your voters! The frustration level is rising. Time to get it DONE!
This is gonna be all about pure determination...and the Demo-gogues plan on creating hell over the long haul & wearing down the Republicans
Trying to deflect from the fact that Trump is comprised and you don't care?
#Remember #MerrickGarland? #GOPobstructionists
#hypocrits #GOPobstructionists suffer from amnesia! "What's good for the goose, is good for the gander"!
Pot, Kettle, Black.
These tweets are for the mindless trump minions so they know what to think
Does the name Merrick Garland mean anything to you, Marco?
What nominees you lying twit
You & your party have yet to stand up to your dementia-ridden leader or to do what's right for Americans.Fixing ACA can be done. Do your job
And you should stay in timeout 24hrs a day, 7days a week until you grow some balls to fill that empty sac of yours. Dems aren't the problem.
Looks like the Dems are still in charge ? Spineless leadership !
Maybe the Dear Leader should actually nominate someone. Stop blaming the Dems for your all's failures.
Senator. I've been watching the roles for nominees. What are you talking about? https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/vote_menu_115_1.htm …
Come on Marco you know that will never happen.  Vacations and campaigning are too important to our "public servants"
your nominees suck...
Oh, look who wants to show up and work @marcorubio looking out for Daddy Donald.
Don't they need some nominees first?
Exactly!
That's the idea
Payback is HELL, isn't it?
The GOP is the grievance party. No real policies or legislation that benefits your constituents. Dems aren't obstructing, just legislate.
merrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarlandmerrickgarland
Dear God, you're an insufferable fool. You had more than 7 years for HC. Trump will be out of office before you clowns fill his admin.
Who wants to work with a government and White House.
The reason could be because the they might end up having testifying in front of Muller
And until you pass a healthcare bill
Judge Garland says hi!
Ok. Go ahead.
Says the jerk who blocked an amazing Miami appointee for years until Florida bar pressure pushed you to do your job, too.
Aww little Marco Rubio, I thought papa trump told you bedtime was 9pm?

That's when Kellyanne gets sent to the basement.

#GOPFail
You mean like what you did to Obama's nominees. I remember Garland very well. Disgrace. Traitor
All talk Marco. Republicans are gutless cowards
It only needs to take about 3.5yrs
Oh and Rubio is an Idiot ×2
Put them in Timeout like you would your children for misbehaving and not doing the right things!!
@billpostmus @edatpost only smart thing you could have said just words make it happen then you've done something
Merrick Garland.  Don't think we will ever forget!
or until Merrick Garland takes his seat on the SCOTUS
Thank you Senator Rubio.We are tired of obstruction.Dems are lazy work them into submission
If you had a leader of house, senate that was on the conservative side it could be finished by friday.They R as bad as the idiot in my book
Why don't congresspeople have understudys, to carry on when they are unavailable?
You keep bringing in dipshits like DeVos what do you expect
Trump needs to enact an Executive order bypassing everyone.
@edatpost @nytimes You must be kidding? The President who is under multiple investigations for colluding w/ Putin? Please.
The mindlessness is on the @GOP for confirming people like Tillerson and DeVos.  Total disgrace to the country(USA not Russia) #ImpeachTrump
Foolishness! Did one of your children hack you account??
Talk to the White House and ask them why THEY aren't sending over nominees.
Rubio the senate should attach consequences for officials making false and absurd statements about national issues. Bush is already enough.
Yes Sir Senator!  DNC's lack of love for our country & wanting us to succeed is "why" they' re not in power.
Merrick Garland.
Why can't we just bypass them and not let them vote. Come on. Be smarter than this
I totally agree!
45* probably should actually nominate some folks before that happens. Tell him to work 24 hours in one week and then tell Ds what to do
You can use CLOTURE. so dont blame your failures of not getting things done all on the dems..all of you are lazy
We gave you..the house, the senate and the white house.and still no repeal on health care or other things being done, we will remember in 18
Two words: Merrick Garland.
Go to majority vote and be done with it.
