tell me exactly why a news agency investigation report into CONTINUING issues your legislation purported to address is a kudo for you??
Trump has intentionally CHOSEN to let Puerto Rico - and its American citizens there - DIE.  What are we doing Rubio?
Why don't you make Trump accountable? Why aren't you addressing Trump's unfitness for office.  Do your job, Senator.
What about  Puerto Rico?
co-sponsor legislation to protect the Trump-Russia criminal investigation from political obstruction.
help pass the hGraham-Booker (S.1735) + Tillis-Coons (S.1741) bills to limit Donald Trump's authority to fire special counsel Robert Mueller
Jesus and Satan are just pretend. All Gods and Devils are just invented fictional characters.
As a Vietnam Veteran, I won't go to the VA for anything!  The VA Hospitals are run by MORONS!
Vets should be #1 in America
Yahweh is pretend.
Any chance you could speak up and try to invoke the 25th please?  This President clearly is unfit for office.
a million whispers grows into a deafening roar. Impeach Donald Trump now. #resist #remove
I can't believe you talk scriptures and then you leave 9 million children without healthcare expired chip program! Hypocrite!
Great. Now we need a similar accountability act for GOP who permit 45s illegal activity.
Americans are begging @GOP to DO something about Trump before it’s too late, if it’s not already.
How about a law to protect us from #GunViolence? Where's that law?
You need to read the article. If you did, you would know that there was no accountability on #FailedVALeadership. The law that was passed isn't even worth the paper it was printed on. No one in Congress wants to help Veterans by protecting whistleblowers
If it wasn't for @POTUS, U &congress wld have done nothing as usual!  Don't pat URself on the back. UR FOOLING NO ONE! #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Hey say #Benghazi  one more time!
A week week ago tonight #GreenBerets Johnson, Black, Wright and Johnson were killed in action in #Niger. Still no comment from POTUS 
Nothing to say about trump's threat to cut off aid to PR? We're waiting, senator.
Yahweh is an infinite torturer devil mass murderer devil. The bible Jesus is an infinite torturer devil mass murderer devil.
Where’s your statement on Trump blaming Puerto Rico for their own demise? What about the burden the Jones Act has put on them forever?
Please continue to support Puerto Rico.
Little Marco got littler by supporting SWAMP RAT FLAKE!!!! You are in deep doo doo
Keep supporting the establishment let's see how far you get don't forget it was the conservative party that got you in how quickly we forgot
Trumps pick for gov positions are making the swamp deeper and murkier
Rubio you are on the wrong side backing Flake. He is going down. Wrong side of history.
My dad has recieved shoddy care at the VA
Marco, your shoddy response is resulting in HUNDREDS of deaths in #PuertoRico. What is wrong with you?
GOP conceals shoddy response in #PuertoRico. you've been there TWICE for photo ops. #HumanitarianCrisis bc of YOU!
Shut down the VA.... it doesn't work .
What are you doing to stop crazy, irrational, unhinged @POTUS ??? Your constituents would like to hear from you.
backing Flake in Arizona is backstabbing 63,000,000 Marco and we won't forget! 2018 is coming no more Rhinos
You know Trump is not fit. He a man. Stand up to him before he kills us all.
DT pats himself on the back all the time you don't need to.
You say you’re a friend of Venezuela. Pls tell us when this is appropriate. Pls do tell us what happened when Chavez went down this road.
Hey little Marco, Do not you want to react in any way to POTUS’s attack on first amendment? Maybe 2nd is the only one u care about
Great work, Marco. Full #healthcare exchange implementation is crucial, Chuck, for @SecShulkin & VA Choice.
I wonder how are military feels about Trump playing games with N Korea. Can't you get potus on a leash before we have a WW2. Do your job!
If U ever want to run again & win, a http://suggestion.Call  out those subverting @Potus!. @SenBobCorker says 52 REFUSE 2 HONOR OUR AGENDA!
How much more are you going to let your insane president do to this country? Take responsibility like Bob Corker or you are complicit when he starts war with IRAN and N KOREA. Or are you just a warmonger too? Poor vets.
How about White House accountability?
Little Marco
Clean house. Lazy federal employees. Tax payer funded better health care, retirement, vacations than us. Under worked over paid
needs to be impeached quickly! act now or ignore. he's crazy
Yes! Thank you #
We the People are watching.  Be very careful who you support and attend fund raisers for....there’s always another election.
Little Marco, still looking for a position on Comrade Trumps corrupt administration. Marco a failed senator, failed Christian. 
PERFECT
But your helping cut the healthcare?? Which side are you really on
Voted for you in primaries but after seeing your response to Trump, and now siding with the likes of Flake, you won’t have my vote again. GL
Pero ud si sabe que cuba no le hace caso a ud ni a nadie porque persiste raro

Marco.  Check out Bay Pines New Home Oxygen policy on Portable Ox concentrators  Vets could lose Ox BOTTLES
This could have been done years ago if the repubs weren't fighting against Obama
Perhaps the way you show you love veterans is not via publicity stunts at football games but by fixing a system that’s let them down??
just more regulations that cost $$. real change needs to be made.
Did you know many military base hospitals have closed due to sequestration?
Why don’t you take the time to walk as a private citizen in Daytona Beach and talk to some of the homeless veterans? They are all over!
Too busy hiding in bunker?
Pres Trumps ProAmerica agenda is VERY important. Fact:it's mandated by WE THE PEOPLE. Why did you go AGAINST ProAmerica & support @JeffFlake
Mandated?  How do you figure that?
#RockTheVote Get with the Trump agenda of get outta the way. @JeffFlake is AntiTrump/AntiAmerica.....He'done. @kelliwardaz #KelliWardSenate
#VAAccountability is critical. What about #whitehouseaccountability ?
When all you had to do was provide more funding to increase staff levels at the VA. Anyone who works at the VA could tell you that!
Why are you hurting vets by cutting Medicare and Medicaid? You're a useless politician.
Didn't U vote in March to put new restrictions on class action suits so people can't sue for medical mistakes, etc??  Kind of the same deal.
Sucking up to Trump again "Little Marco".  U do know that U are ruining your career in politics sticking with the MORON??
O.K. Little Marco.
U get all excited about helping vets  -how about the rest of us.  I am a  12 year Vet and U are voting to take away my healthcare. Shameful
You're marked for replacement, RINO.
But the ACA shouldn't matter to the 24,000,000 who rely on it?
Give blue water Navy veterans their earned agent orange benefits before they die

You are a Do nothing will call your office today and talk to your do nothing goons
All citizens deserve universal healthcare, including veterans.
...and some people want gov to run everyone’s healthcare!!!
Why? He also tried to help us and Sanders blocked it.
I would have hoped you'd be doing more to help those in @PuertoRicoPUR and @USVI. You talk all Nazareth but act all Washington, D.C.
Is that the ONLY law you passed this year?
And it's working. I work for cardiologist  we set up appts all the time through the VA.Veteran's can see local Dr while waiting on VA appts
Florida elected a bowl of Jello to the Senate.
There you go, cheerleading for team Orange again
2 late for @marcorubio 2 cheerlead his way 2 the TrumpTrain.We got his # & can't wait 2 meet him @ the Poll & anybody else he endorses
Mr Rubio, you play in two waters, with the Rinos ( Soros' squadron) and MAGA movement wit DJT, double minded leadership is a weak one, 
VERY WEAK;dangerously weak. @marcorubio has no fortitude; he blows with the wind; flip flops like a hooked fish. He needs to go #RockTheVote
If you and the other MAGAMorons weren’t so busy trying to actively destroy ACA and healthcare for all, it could have improved 
Are you aware that Military Vets depend on Medicaid & Medicare as well?
Tell your friend Flake to help
It's very simple, a bureaucracy is a bad and evil thing. Without leadership and accountability, it is an organic entity like cancer.
#AskAVet their not concealing it. No ones talking about it.
Also another reason why @SenSanders' government-run healthcare system is so, so bad.
Any comment about the breaking @NBCNews story about Trump and why Tillerson called him a "moron?"
It's how the government runs healthcare
Let's pass presidential, law enforcement, and congress accountability bills next!
And then you and your POTUS @realDonaldTrump tried to repeal health care for the rest of us w/ no replacement 3x, and we won't forget that.
What are you doing for Puerto Rico? Big fat nothing so far. @marcorubio
Its a small step in the right direction. Not much is going to change unless there are some major changes to how the VA is run.
You're his Poodle-dog now.  Whatever.
Long overdue... Congratulations on getting that passed, Marco! Many believe this will do lots of good over time.
Support the president liddle Marco
Your @POTUS #UnfitToBePresident
Good for you and the President.
