Welcoming @FlGovScott to my office today to discuss #ObamaCare’s impact on the sunshine state #Florida #Sayfie 

Here are the reasons why the idea of a Medicaid block grant would harm Florida. -> https://twitter.com/BruceLesley/timelines/843115501320638465 …
Marco you know full well this Healthcare bill is crap this is what Paul Ryan tried to do with Mitt Romney you cannot support don't do it
they cut my son's Medicaid. He is 5 yrs old and Autistic. What a joke. They don't care about Floridan's
Floridians must get together and do what the must VOTE VOTE VOTE
We saw you, thankfully, you failed.
I am a constituent in WP 32792, I won't vote for Republicans who don't care for the least among us...
@marcorubio @FLGovScott
Yeah I'm sure you and Scott are real concerned about Medicaid recipients. LOL
AMERICANS NEED AND WANT UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE NOW!
Men have mothers, sisters, wives, daughters, granddaughters. Don't they want them to have health care?
@marcorubio @FLGovScott
.@marcorubio You need to meet with your constituents and explain this.
ok Scott and you working together for Floridians over healthcare??? Really? Fakers!
good. Focus on this instead of going after Snoop. Pick your battles.
You're two of the biggest liars in the country. You've both lined your pockets with healthcare money. #rubioscrewsFL
Ryan/Trumpcare is bad medicine for everyone except insurance CEO's and the rich.
How? Are you voting against this sorry a** bill?
let the tremendous impact on your constituents guide your conscience- we already know @FLGovScott doesn't care about #medicaid.
Rubio doesn't give 2 shits about the poor just like Governor Medicare Fraud.
FLORIDIANS NEED AND WANT UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE NOW
MARCO!
Great Day for Americans, after 60 times & millions wasted by @GOP trying to repeal ACA No repeal
U should put forth "Individual Incentive", for AHCA, withhold certain gov benefits if no health ins. ie tax credits,TANF and student loans
@SenRubioPress Please VOTE NO on this ACA Repeal. It's not good enough. Back to drawing board! 
.@marcorubio Stand strong in support of hard-working Americans. #FullRepeal #NoObamacareLite!!!
VOTE NO ON ACHA BILL!
VOTE NO ON TRUMP BUDGET!
FLORIDIANS DO NOT ACCEPT EITHER OF THESE BILLS IDEALS!
Hear Us Now!

I will send this to every member of congress so they can see the real people they effect w/their votes.
#healthcare

…
so when did you care ?
@connie_esser @marcorubio @FLGovScott  @marcorubio you remind me of Switzerland- get a backbone already . CARE
what can a 19 year old college student do that's on Medicaid share of cost but can't meet the share of cost.
They have us set for $ 2,000 with a 5 yr old Autistic son. They cut him from all his therapy. GREED!!!!
what r u doing for the cancer crisis affecting the firefighters of Florida! We need WC presumptive laws2 protect us!
@SenRubioPress If you were concerned about #Medicaid, why not implement the #ACA proper and put back risk payment?
@SenRubioPress Refusing Medicaid expansion caused terrible health problems for Floridians.
Fl. Medicaid doesn't even provide Rxso sad Florida
more like not treated at all. Both of you are despicable
Rubio to vote for ending Medicare killing Seniors and the Poor 
VOTE RUBIO OUT
Perhaps the CEO of Columbia/HCA which was fined 1.7 billion for Medicare fraud, isn't the right person for this.
.@marcorubio .@FLGovScott The question #WeThePeople have is do you feel confident enough in #Trumpcare to insure YOUR OWN family?
at least you care!
if you really cared you would vote against Trump Care and keep ACA.  You, sir, are a phony!
Yes ask the biggest medicaid fraud CEO. He never even took the medicaid money from Obamacare
Where do you stand on the GOP Trumpcare proposal? I'm your constituent, I don't like many parts including the defunding of PP
How 'bout the veterans you purport to support and THEIR health care...lost with ACA repeal?
- Repeal Obamacare! Vote "NO" to Obamacare 2!
please do not repeal Obamacare. It can be improved upon but this replacement is a disaster.
#BabyBoomers don't allow @GOP 2make U #MedicareLESS Inform YR @SenateGOP UR REGISTERED VOTERS #2018and2020Election
so you are working to do what exactly? Nothing is the answer. Townhall meeting
@SenRubioPress oh please! You two care less for ppl of FL
It is a travesty of justice, phone mailboxes are always full - people cannot give input to THEIR REPRESENTATIVES.
Please do not vote to repeal the ACA. I am a lifelong voting Republican and am against this change. WWJD? You know.
for one thing Jesus would never vote for a republican, how any "Christian" can vote repub is beyond me.
How much more are you going to let him ruin our USA! I'm so scared, ashamed, do the math! 25th or Impeach please!!!
Then why did Florida want Trump. Wasn't any secret seniors would loose and RUBIO doesn't care. PARTY FIRST RUBIO
Ya. Florida is sure LITTLE MARCO is concerned about the seniors. What a joke this guy is. Why did you reelect him
This insulin dependant diabetic cannot afford Healthcare if this bill passes, ACA works for me now! Fix what we have
Do not trust Scott, Rubio to do right thing for FLA. ACHA is a disaster that will bite GOP in butt in next election.
Obama care is a better health plan.
@SenRubioPress  Please read the new health care bill carefully. If its bad for Floridians- don't sign it. #notTheTime4politics
.We should all have the same coverage u have, Marco. Too bad you only care about big $ donors, not constituents. Sad
.Every single medical assoc. opposes this bill. Less coverage, higher cost, loss of insurance. But U care about us?
. It would be nice if you listened to your constituents about coverage. Your VM is always full. Stop avoiding us.
Two people who care not a whit about those who need health care.
@SenRubioPress "Hi Gov Scott. Happy to help u throw 1.5mil off health ins." U must b sum special kind of detestable.
Yeah right, little Rubio!
Remember 

Russia First

2018  2020

Trump FULLY SUPPORTS Wikileaks and Russia and doesn't support the CIA and FBI
@marcorubio @FLGovScott
#Trumpcare is a death sentence for many in your state. Voldemort knows less than you.
TALK TO YOUR CONSTITUENCY! Your state has a lot to say about these issues.
Insurance rates predicted to rise 30% under new plan. But I'm sure Florida will take care of everyone.not #TrumpCare
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
Marco is looking for a bribe ... Just like the one he got from the family of that clown@BetsyDeVos to get confirmed
Gov Scott has NEVER treated the people On Medicaid fairly
Stop paying for illegals in the ER. I have surgeries needed I can't afford.
I dont qualify for medicaid but I may still not be able to afford insurance. I'm not rich. FL doesn't care.
@Tamaraw68415067 @FLGovScott Scott has defrauded the system in the past & Marco uses official money for personal use. Fair? BS!
Trumpcare is a joke and you are both #apologists, #hypocrites, and #appeasers.
Great . . . . the Gov already shafted Floridians by not expanding Medicaid.
Traidor
A crook talking to an absentee senator. I don't have a good feeling about this
Next election we will repeal both of you
instead of fucking things up, help @FLGovScott get a wig or something. I'm blinded by the refection from his bald head.
The new health care plan will remove quality care and resources from our most vulnerable Americans. It removes coverage and is harmful.
" Some men will rob you with a six-gun, others with a pen"? That describes you
@SenRubioPress you guys probably sacrificed a virgin while chanting "let the poor die", "let the poor die" already!!
if either of you have the courage to respond, which one of you is willing to sign your family up for Trump care?
only idiots would support trump care. If this gets approved u both can kiss ur careers goodbye.
This Florida voter is watching, #Trumpcare is a dumpster fire, #CongressDoYourJob
trumpcare is crap. You two have lost your way.
no you're not.
listen to your constituents. Do not kill ACA. Improve it!!
Well remember the People.
really? Scott cares nothing for Medicaid patients. Remember his refusal to expand it. Boo
Rubio will vote for this health plan because he hates Obama more than he cares about you.
Marcus   Rubenstein, you and Cruz are the biggest cowards on the Hill.
@SenRubioPress you promised repeal, not obamacare 2.0.  Stand with Mike lee and fix this so it won't bankrupt our kids
if you care about the state of Florida and especially the poor@and older citizens - you'll vote NO
@SenRubioPress if you hosted town halls around FL you would understand what Fl needs vs collab w #Medicaid criminal @FLGovScott
What a laugh!
Save the ACA. That would be something representing your constituents
@SenRubioPress You better keep on top of this!! We should all get Medicare!! And stop insurance company greed!!
you missed your chance to make history but you put tillerson in, you are over
please listen to your constituents and fully repeal ACA, leave insurance to free market and focus on waste & fraud.
what do you suggest as a replacement?
GREAT TWEET!!! I KNOW!!! IT MAKES ME SICK
Try Harder! Never forget #stopcorruption
#LittleMarco- what will you do differently?
as a constituent I do not support repeal and replace. If you would answer  your phones  you would know this.
Thank You Marco...Let This Become A True Historical Reform." Let's Not Forget The Elderly...
the man who refused to expand Medicaid under ACA will improve it without federal incentives?!
-listen to when people call! #norepeal-you are literally going to kill people!
They won't be covered by the new plan!
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets.
TY @MarcoRubio @FLGovScott
EXTREMELY IMPORTANT
4 Millions of PPL
U'll have sleepless nights B4
this is done
PrayN4U
Working with @FLGovScott to make sure #Florida #Medicaid & people it serves are treated fairly in #Obamacarerepeal #sayfie https://twitter.com/senrubiopress/status/839838365998583808 …
Marco you better do something for the Florida voters or you will never be President or Senator ever again
If you don't take care of your 50 to 60year olds in Fl. It will bankrupt we need our healthcare Do right by US now!
since you are making trips to Florida, how about a townhall
oh good can we have a town hall with the two of you?
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets.
let's treat the people who work fairly too
thank you watch out for Medicare too!
Just think of how people will vote when they lose their insurance
No to Ryan healthcare. Tax reform is simple. The FAR TAX! Let's get to work for the people for once!
Rob from the old and poor and give to the wealthy. Sounds very republican to me! Can't wait til you're out of office
do what we the citizens of Florida elected you to do - REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!
i guess you have healthcare coverage @work 
Fix Obamacare, do not repeal! And call that anything you want to.
Jelly fish Rubio will stand tall protecting Medicaid ??? That is a joke
Time to Stop Running from The American People come home Little Marco #trumprussia #treason
The governor is not about 99%.  You will seriously hurt the middle as well as the boomers.  STOP IT!
Liar Stop repeal of ACA! Removing cap on SS will solve any and all problems you have help create!
how do your little legs keep up with you when you run away from your constituents?
You still have an office somewhere?   Getting kicked out left and right.
the oppose current house bill.
Doubt U will ever grow a pair, little marco
I'm a constituent on Obamacare. Do not go along with current GOP plan. It will destroy the individual health insurance market.
yes please, Obamacare was bad,but the proposal is not sounding that great,&our governor did not help Fl w/obamacare
#ACA doesn't need replacing, ammend it, which you all had plenty of time to do. Earn your pay! #obamacare #trumpcare
Senator Rubio, please do your part to make sure it is a #FullRepeal NOT a Obama2.0 replacement! @marcorubio @FLGovScott
don't worry if it passes millions of ppl won't have coverage which is what you want.
You guys don't really care about how repeal affects folks but have a nice lunch on the taxpayers #pretenders
you both need to grow a set. All you know how to do is lie lie lie!!
We have more people on ACA than any other state - this new bill is a disaster for us. Please vote against it. #ACA
did more than anyone to sabotage #ACA. I wonder how his constituents in #Miami will do w/o health care.
And Tampa, and Jax and all over Florida.
U vote ti replace ACA, public will never forgive. ACA helps seniors on Medicare. U have millions in FL. Careful sir.
you are both crooks and liars please don't hurt the state of Florida anymore with your own self interests
Oh yeah. Gov Scott who ripped off the government at HCA - he really has affordable patient care on his mind
Remind Scott how you defunded the ACA with your 'Risk Corridors' trick to protect the insurance companies.
Mr. Rubio, from Venezuela, we ask for help as soon as possible we are dying of hunder due to diseases and insecurity
Really Marco. How many loose health care and how many get to go to death panels. You two are a joke
Thank you Sir(s)!
Thanks for your input on healthcare.
please work with congress to make it the best possible solution
I sure hope you guys can produce a quality product.    I sick and tired of voting for do nothing Senators & Congress
Please consider the position of  @RandPaul   We no longer believe phased in plans will occur.
Fairly.. Haha. Watching you power hungry turds kiss Trumps ass is almost worth setting the country back 30 yrs.
Say no to #Republicare.
.@marcorubio .@FLGovScott I wish we could believe you. But, Scott and Fla Legislature have done zero on our healthcare for years now.
I am a Repub from FL. Dont trust Scott. Didnt vote for him. Hate new healthcare plan.
Give us the exact same healthcare that Congress gets
Let me help. Most Floridians will get clobbered with the replacement. Especially the under educated white Trumpers.
go ahead and endorse the train wreck of healthcare. Kiss 2020 good bye but U so weak 2020 is already gone
how about making sure treating mental illness care is not cut? That would make me feel safer than a wall.
