YOUR President is doing NOTHING for #PuertoRico
More fake news. He has approved millions, sent 10000 in personnel. Army Corps of Engineers, available. Grid m/b rebuilt not just restored
I'm from Puerto Rico. My friends posts are not fake, nice try though

Why don't you or anyone else in @GOP stand up to this bully? Enough is enough.
Share this with the President while he relaxes on the golf course criticizing people that are living through it
Senator, the elephant in the room...Trump is incompetent as it's getting worse.
Senator, your President just spent the morning attacking the mayor of San Juan. What do you have to say about that?
Comment on potus if u care
Good thing Trump has FEMA. Army Corps of Engineers, National Guard, 10000 Military, bottled water & meals ready there. Problem is logistics
Do something! Silence=complicity! @GOP you are going down with Trump. You should all be ashamed. We are better than this #fuckTrump
Have you made an alliance w/ other Senators to force the 25th amendment yet after watching Trump attack Puerto Ricans (and others) all day?
How low will you allow our country to sink?
@JeremyDeeSelden @MiamiHerald What are you doing about it, Marco? And what are you demanding of  #FakePOTUS?
The REALITY TV PERSONALITY in the WH has to go. He is a complete failure.  He has only been sucessful at branding, money laundering, & tv.
Could you do something to oust Trump? You do realize he's destroying this country.
Stick with your man Marco,and he'll take U down with him.Be a good senator for your people and do the right thing when U vote.
And? What are you going to do about it? Don't you have tax cuts for your patrons to get passed? Or, is this a foray into citizen journalism?
Please @marcorubio. Don't let the man in the WH destroy this country. He needs to go. You know it. He is destroying us. Save us.
Thank you for continued strong focus on Puerto Rico. Wish more in congress (on both sides of aisle) shared this commitment to fellow 
What about the people of the Virgin Islands?!! They are citizens of the United States 
And what are you doing to help them?
Any chance your going to grow some balls and condemn Trumps comments & dangerous attacks on the press?

Yeah, didn't think so !
Your president is hurting America. He is lying. You're letting him do it. Don't be a coward.
Do you think Trump is doing a good job? Be honest
#Trump #PuertoRico

"They want everything to be done for them." 
What's it gonna take Marco? Is he really gonna have to commit a crime on 5th Avenue in front of the cops?
Why are you tweeting about it you and your republican friends are enabling and aiding and abetting this dude to do what he's doing.
Any comments concerning the actions of @realDonaldTrump ?
What's ur point? We all know d destruction & we all know how irresponsible child @realDonaldTrump is.  Prove me wrong or do something right.
Why are GOP not doing more, pressuring "leadership" to do more, tweet less?
Tell your boss!
Have you called @realDonaldTrump? Have you loudly and publicly demanded a better response from this man masquerading as the POTUS? Waiting..
And the president your party won't stand up to doesn't give a damn. Shame on your party.
okay, but what the hell are you doing to promote the recovery effort?
Yeah, man, but tax cuts!
And? That’s all you have to say you impotent wimp? You should be a tour guide at Disney not a Senator.
By any chance was this map forwarded to POTUS? You know he loves his coloring maps 
I would much rather see street-to-street clean up. Damn our president for failing in that. Oh, you too, Senators.
Senator, at what point do you pull out a mega horn, huddle a couple of colleagues with guts, and tell the truth about our insane POTUS?
Talk is cheap. Do your jobs and remove this disgrace from office.
Hey @realDonaldTrump check this out
Your statement on Trump's subverting PR response is overdue.
@realDonaldTrump Perhaps someone should sit down with Trump and let him see how fucked up things really are; but get him B4 his tee time!
Please direct this tweet to @realDonaldTrump and @PressSec ...
Still waiting to hear your voice and the entire Congress to come to the aid of the PR people.  Shameful how ineffective the entire Congress has become.  Where are the checks and balances?
Why doesn't your president care, Marco?
@TXCleaver have fun
That isn't wee Marco taking a bold stand against big bad Trump, is it ...? Wonders never cease ...
Don't tweet Rubio, U Trumpladite. You have no spine, no opinion of value, no new insight no news
Please do something to remove this embarrassment from the WH. Please. Americans are begging you to step up. #25thamendment
@marcorubio Speak out against YOUR Commander in Chiefs' lack of empathy! Quit suppprting him! He's evil!
But the moron just released a pretty video showing how wonderfully things are progressing.
Kinda looks like the route your presidential campaign run took. #TheAftermath
You still here blabbing BS? DO SOMETHING! If you can't call for impeachment NOW you are all the things trump said while humiliating you.
Time to impeach. Trump's tweets this morning were dereliction of duty. Know it starts in House, but Repubs must shut him down.
And what are you doing?  Rubio I am afraid you are not a responsible Sen. for FL. Go away you snake.
Until leadership vacuum in Executive is filled, we need you to work across the aisle to govern. Will you do that?
Send it to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
Why not show it to Trumpsky, Marquito?
Is it ok if I say no I don't want to see it. I will wait for the after pictures when reconstruction begins.
Call for hearings, Senator.

Republicans! This is the creature you have unleashed on us. GET THIS SON OF A BITCH THE FUCK OUT OF HERE. 
FOcUS on water - clean water.. health issues.. Please look into cholera vaccine for children. Important. Ask explore! AIRLIFT distribute
Just WOW !!! Thanks for the nape dude !! SHOW IT TO THE RACIST DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY @realDonaldTrump
You can see the person-by-person damage by your continued support of Donald J. Trump.

#weasel
Can you share with @POTUS ????
Tell your buddy trump to get off the golf course and act like he cares that millions of Americans are suffering.
Forward it to Donnie J...
Thanks Marco. This really helps the people.

Retweet until the Congress takes action. 
I thought Trump said it was fake news
You can see tweet-by-tweet damage done by @realDonaldTrump using you tucking eyes. Why don't you speak on that you coward.
It’s bad down here
Marco thank you for your heartfelt concern. Us Puertoricans  are warriors we will lift up our island just like the Phoenix reborn from ashes
And once again, Trump is filling the coffers of Trump Organization with our tax money. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/lost-weekend-how-trumps-time-at-his-golf-club-hurt-the-response-to-maria/2017/09/29/ce92ed0a-a522-11e7-8c37-e1d99ad6aa22_story.html …
Leprechaun Rubio Have You Donated Any of Your Personal Money to Puerto Rico?   NO !!  THEN YOU MUST SHUT UP! proverb ; 13;  OUT OF THE SWAMP
Catastrophic
To work on a plan on how to get to Puerto Rico. It's an island surrounded by big water the ocean. Genius he's not
When will your party keep denying global warming? Your bible quotes are not going to help when we are all drowning.
Need truck drivers to get food water from docks to rest of hard hit areas Many trucks damaged from hurricane
Make yourself useful #ImpeachTrump  before he starts a war for ratings
Are you down there helping to distribute food
The scum of our society cannot help but show their harmful ignorance and absurd comments towards the Pres and GOP.  The disrespect is EVIL.
So what does that mean.Even in the places that the streets were cleaned there is not help to be seeing. GOP 4 allowing Amer unnecesary death
So now people can understand how truly difficult it is to help these people living on this island
So much worse than I thought
OK,little Marco! We get it!Lots of Texans trying 2 survive Harvey! Prez Trump very competent! Will expedite help 4 Puerto Rico! Prez of all!
.@realDonaldTrump will go down as the REVENGE president. Tell the truth, Marco... He didn't even know Puerto Ricans were citizens, did he?
Not true!
The President you support has ignored this until recently. What are your thoughts on that?
I have donated to Samaritans Purse and other groups to help. What have the rest of you done but complain. Be part of the solution!!!
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/09/26/donald-trump-reminds-puerto-rico-billions-dollars-debt-amid/ … 
YES! POTUS SET TONE- LEARN  NOTHING FROM KATRINA? I DID KATRINA- THIS IS 100 TIMES WORSE- it's a WALL STREET issue!
Doesn't our military have helicopters? Or are they being used by the rest of Dotard admin to get to their weekend destinations?
Very well said!!!! Retweet this!
any opinion about kneeling or sitting during anthem?
Gosh if only we had a Republican Senator who could hold this Prez accountable....oh right they're all #cowards
Cowards,
Right I forgot to add liars, crooks, grifters, traitors.
Every second counts and the prez doesn't seem to care. Keep pushing for help. Thanks.
What I want to see is people cleaning up their own property. Stop bitching and go to work.
we need you Marco
Marco, we get it.  It's a mess, however, I'm thinking We are doing what we can.  Sorry, but help still needed in TX and FL
Looks pretty much the same. 
Ten days after this happened FEMA hasn't reached many areas. They are dividing one portion of food into 4. No water. They need help!!!
So what have you sponsored to help. Where are the troops and the funding? American citizens are dying.
You have a rather limp way of countering @realDonaldTrump's #FakeNews about how well it's going in #PuertoRico 

And it won't age well bro

You’re too late marco with your input.
Thank you Marco
Please Senator show this to our President who he can do is boast about how well everything is going there he is delusional.
