Please don't be naive with Santos/Farc you can't trust them; Santos betrayed Colombian people; Latin American People need your help
Santos plebiscite.. Do you support the Gov/Farc deal? The people said NO.. 
 So Santos wiped his ass on the plebiscite.. What a guy..
.
Trajano derrotó a los Dacios y recobró el Gran Tesoro pagado a Arrogantes Bárbaros. Como Trump-Rubio a FARC-Santos
Trajan 53-1167 defeated Dacians, recovered d Great Treasure paid to Arrogant Barbarians. Trump-Rubio pay to FARC-Santos Killers of Americans 
  just go back to sleep Marco! 
Qué hacía reunido con Pinzón escuchando sus mentiras en el Gobierno Santos llevan al país por el mismo camino de Venezuela coca y más coca
6'431.376 Colombianos votamos NO ganamos por un margen de 53,894 ; EL NO GANO desconocerlo es anti-democratico.Santos es un TRAIDOR liar
I wondered why such a big 180, will you be asking for a clarification?  The response from those of us who are #USFARCVictims was....quick
I wonder if you are even aware that there are victims of paramilitary forces and others, not just victims of FARC.
I represent #USFarcVictims

Bc I am one.
For 10 years I have been advocating for all victims of #TERRORISTFARC

Are you aware the is a bill in the Senate bc of @marc_gonsalves ?
What have you done?
#Colombians voted out the unconstitutional peace deal with #terroristsFarc, @JuanManSantos gave them immunity over crimes against humanity
Se contradice senador, no apoya paz, pero aprueba ayuda dizque con condiciones, como si Santos y farc respetarán condiciones. Muy mal.
It is a shame that now days reporters don't report, they make up stories and convolute actual happening
Sr senador no permita que Colombia la vuelva @JuanManSantos y sus narcoterroistas en otra Vzla.Nadamos en COCA ,hasta los parques naturales
La coca está en parques naturales aún desde la época en que se fumigaba, esa no era ni es la solución, excepto en mentes ignorantes.
No hable mierda...si la coca se multiplicaron los cultivos x este narcopresidente gago hpta @JuanManSantos
Are you trying to wash hands because you do not have the spine to stand against @realDonaldTrump lies and possible ties with Russia?

DINERO QUE ENVIARA EUA NO ES PARA EL PLAN COLOMBIA NI PARA PAZ COLOMBIA ES PARA LA APLICACIÓN DE LA LEY Y PARA LUCHA CONTRA EL NARCOTRÁFICO!
We need senator is to explain @realDonaldTrump that these assassins will have amnesty,money, guns, keep drug dealing +political eligibility
People hear but they don't listen. Sometimes they do it on purpose. #Colombia
Where are you ?
@juanmansantos is supporting terrorists overcoming colombian citizens vote.We don't agree with impunity for war crimes committed by Farc.
.
Trajano derrotó a los Dacios y recobró el Gran Tesoro pagado a Arrogantes Bárbaros. Como Trump-Rubio a FARC-Santos
Trajan 53-1167 defeated Dacians, recovered d Great Treasure paid to Arrogant Barbarians. Trump-Rubio pay to FARC-Santos Killers of Americans 
Now you know how we feel when you say you had to move your Jax office because demonstrators were "disruptive." Not true.
I knew it! You would never back that ridiculous deal with those terrorists. Thank you Marco!
Evidently, any peace deal seems ridiculous when it's not your country that is living a hellish war for decades.
Well a deal with those terrorists affect my country of origin Venezuela.
Gracias por ayudarnos a combatir ese cancer social llamado comunismo, que tanto daño le ha hecho a Latinoamérica al caribe y al mundo
We know.Ur'e a DISGRACEFUL FLIP FLOPPER.Wherever the wind blows.Right Marco?In the mean time.LOOK who U R defending......
Lord so is the government holy lies and misery narco terrorism backing
Ud es nuestra esperanza, colombian esperamos q sea nuestro puente con su Pte para q conozca la verdad d lo q pasa aquí:entrega d país a farc
I'm puzzled you're not defending our constitution by insisting on an independent investigation!
He pledged his loyalty, to a TRAITOR! They are caught, game almost over! How much did Marco take from that Russian $ will be the question!
Terrorists and drug traffickers do not pay prison back and gives curules is the Santos government
"...by reassuring the Colombian people that the United States supports the implementation of Peace Colombia...". - Rubio
Well it's your local paper
U seem more concerned w/what ur #constituents in #Colombia & #Venezuela say or think about you than in ur own #state of #Floridia #FL #maga
ANY aid is giving to Santos is going to the wrong places. Since the peace talks more Cocaine has entered the US and the crops KEEP growing
Weird, I just saw Little Marco Rubio in the Senate Chamber? But he promised to be a private citizen? Oh right, he's a lying scumbag, forgot
Yo si dije, esta buena la aclaración
What's puzzling (yet predictable) is your silence in the face of the Comey firing.
Thanks. It is very important to have that clear.
Pay the debt that you have with the paracas of the cauca and the signal of sinaloa these trembling mature you have fallen 15 narco small
Tanta tergiversación...
nah @marcorubio no tienen credibilidad en el @GOP  bueno soo entre os fanáticos extremistas latinos es decir entre @paitojimenez28
Congrats, you are in all newspapers and networks that support @JuanManSantos and the #fake Peace Deal.
Imagine what Trump goes thru with the non-negotiating Leftists & backlash from GOP? Skewed Nazi tactic of Left, continues. Stop it!
Entendí que respaldada paz Colombia pero no al acuerdo de la Habana del Gobierno Santos con los narcoterroristas de las FARC
That clarification sounds like you would prefer to see Colombia drowned in blood then. Good for you that you don't live there, isn't it?
#FakeNewsMiamiHerald
Si usted senador no está a favor de maduro, tampoco puede estar an favor de proceso de paz, pues es fruto de Maduro y Castro.
Fake media...?
Ese @JuanManSantos es el mayor sinvergüenza, mentiroso y corruptor en la historia de Colombia.
Teniendo en cuenta que Uribe fue mentiroso y que el actual presidente de EE.UU. es un mentiroso comprobado, me da risa.
@marc_gonsalves I feel is right you know about this...
Your silence in Comey is deafening. We need someone that is willing to put our country before parties and politics, is it you?
Que pasó con.marco Rubio ahora apoya a Santos cual fue el motivó??
@MartinSantosR @JuanManSantos.. Era claro, verdad?
@MartinSantosR
Funny how that works.  I think it's because you're Hispanic.  They lump is all together with the Mexican cartels.
Para los mamertos: en el discurso no se dijo "respaldado" acuerdo de paz de #Colombia. Ayuda continúa condicionada
Hay una realidad en Colombia.. El terrorismo está empoderado gracias a Santos, estamos inundados de coca y el auspicia al régimen de Maduro
¿Pregunta, acaso cuando había menos coca se había acabado el narcotráfico y los narcos? ¿Acaso eso iba a solucionar algo? No sea bobo.
Thank you for the clarification! Don't believe in Santos please!!!!
@marcorubio half of Colombians disagree with the peace agreement, they don't want to be governed by terrorists, drug traffickers, rapers
The other half of the country supports the peace deal. It doesn't mean being governed by terrorists, that's a big lie from you.
Please keep up the GOOD work on foreign policy , Sometimes I feel your not focused enough on the US
Maybe you should start defending our Constitution from the attempted ravages of a lunatic leader!
Puzzled by your silence on recent domestic issues
No deje solo al pueblo Colombianos, uds son la esperanza de acabar con este Narcodictadura Santos es un farsante, mentiroso, vil
Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Senator Rubio: time to put party aside and show you back America- America deserves answers! We the people demand a special prosecutor!
THANKYU  Marco#1
Fake News, never trust them they wanted to make you lopk bad or weak.
Noo 
No matter how I try, I can't trust him. Gang of 8
Si es lo que están diciendo, qué decepción tan grande con este señor Rubio.. tal vez le gusta la opresión cubana y quiere lo mismo para Colo
fake news Marco
What? The Trump people lied about you? No surprise. A spine is now required... haven't you been demeaned enough? Independent prosecutor!
How about you do your job and pay attention to your constituents.
Eso si senador! A los medios definitivamente no se les puede creer nada!
media covers in their own words changing meaning: #fakenews!
When will DC ever learn that you can not buy friends and diplomatic victories. US had done this for decades with no positive results. Stopit
"Santos manifestó que este es un espaldarazo de Estados Unidos para Colombia y, en especial, al proceso de paz". Who is wrong?
- Hope you are backing the people of Colombia. Not Farc-Santos.
Puzzled by this article. Speech never said I "backed" the #Colombia peace deal @PinzonBuenoEmb @BluRadioCo @CancilleriaCol @StateINL @WSJ
So you back it or you dont?
No way , i pay taxes in the US , I don't want my money in FARC hands , they should be in jail.Colombia is full of coca as never before.
@RickCanton Fake News Marco...you need to go harder
Marco....some media just write what they want, facts don't really matter to them...
Thank you for clarifying what you said.
Ya habían puesto en dudas los medios de Colombia su postura frente al proceso dpaz .@JuanManSantos los pone a mentir para lograr Paz impune
“@marcorubio: Puzzled by this article. Speech never said I "backed" the #Colombia peace deal.Said continued aid with conditions" Fake news?
Marco Rubio never gives a straight answer in case a single voter might disagree, you can't nail him to a position. Da Fuck u think dis is?!
It happens because no one really listens that closely to your bullshit. #Fraud
Sería bueno que aclare de una buena vez. El mundo lo ESTA VIENDO
.
Trump y Rubio :
Santos = HP
Mandémosle $$$

Saquémos Castañas del Fuego Venezolano con la Pata de la Gata Colombia
Franklin Roosevelt : "Anastasio Somoza is our Bastard"
Trump-Rubio : "Santos is our Bastard"
Send him Taxpayer Money
for his NarcoTerrorists 
All of the bullshit
The problem Marco is you speak outvof both your ass and your mouth at the same time... Just stand up marine and say it the way it is without
Just one humble advice be careful, really careful about this subject, there are a lot against the liberty of Colombian people.
Okay.  Semantics you said "support with conditions" and they're using "backed" for the sake of font and character-type space. 
How about lending your voice to what your party is allowing to happen in our country. Republicans used to stand up. Apparently power counts
Mr Rubio dont take your foot of the pedal.. keep the pressure and vigilance of this phony peace agreement.. you Will again see the risks
@MiamiHerald @UniNoticias @TelemundoNews @rcnradio @CaracolRadio @WRadioColombia @lafm Some of u r cheaters&fake
Puzzled by this article. Speech never said I "backed" the #Colombia peace deal.Said continued aid with conditions http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/article149615294.html …
Betrayed..

Don't worry, we don't believe news anymore..
When cornerd by opposition leaders because of the dubious question contradicting the court ruling, he said the the truth. #madurostyle
.@1choice big mistake voting for Rubio. I won't make that mistake again
You are compromised by the Russians too, aren't you?
Puzzled by your focus on sa. Are you going to run for president of Venezuela?
Así operan todos los periodistas afines al farcSantismo, tuercen la verdad. Fake news
Si tuercen la verdad pero DEBEMOS mantener la FE en senadorcomo Marco Rubio y no seguirles el juego a periódicos o tv falsos afines a farc
Dude, u need to grow a pair and stand up against Trump and Putin. It is shameful! Impeach Trump!He is taking us down an all to familiar path
¡PERPLEJA ESTÁ COLOMBIA, PARECIERA Q NO HAY PARA DÓNDE MIRAR CLARAMENTE; AYUDA A santos IMPLICA AYUDA A TERRORISMO!
I'm puzzled why you're not more vocal about Russian influence and the WH
Yes! They should investigate Hillary's ties to Russia!
Pls stay focused on Russia/donthecon. Did you not see the Tass coverage of his Oval Office antics yesterday? He gave the finger to us all.
Fake media lol
Little Marco, Pls focus on Russia attacking our elections, not SA.
Earth to Rubio. We have issues in the United States.  Focus!
you're probably puzzled as to why the people who elected you think that you need to have a #TownHall - you're a #coward
Just more"honest, unbiased" reporting. Wow we need 2 disband  CORRUPT MEDIA and start over. CORRUPT MEDIA is killing r Country. Enemy of USA
Ok Little Marco 
Aparecen los mamertos de la Paz.
Lo mínimo en la vida es saber que significan las palabras que usamos. #ignorante
Claro que si Mamertico 
Cuando le den Visa para venir a USA me avisa 
Pobre tonto yo ya pase por eso hace muchos Años manertico ya no la necesito.
Bla bla bla
@reciprocante es el típico hipócrita de izquierda. Vive en USA, disfruta del sistema capitalista y despotrica del mismo. Farsante.
As a constituent, I'm puzzled by your lack of spine in calling for a special prosecutor. #DoYourJob

@EstebanSantos10 lea pa q se instruiga!
.
Marco Rubio

Your Money to Santos harms US Security & that of Colombia & Caribbean

NO Dignity Honor Shame Commitment to Democracy Freedom
Marco Rubio

A Tyrant Liar Corrupt Corrupter like Santos always lies and doesn't respect Conditions

This is very Naive and Gullible of You
Replace Santos with Trump and naive with cynical that's our Little Marco
He does as he pleases cause he's said literaly he own's the checkbook. JUst look for it.
Well now u know how Trump feels. Start backing him and tell loser McCain to do the same
You know what'd be cool? If you Cruz and Mike Lee cowboyed the hell up and called the Orange Dolt out for his ridiculous garbage.
PSİKİYATRI. ........
I am puzzled that you don't spend more time on issues your constituents care about like Russia interference
hey have you heard what your commander in chief is doing?  Gonna take some action?  Demand investigation now!  #doyourjobwimp
U realy think the guy who won the election with Obredecht funds will not use those 4 campaining and electing his Maduro to Office? Watch him
Do u want to explain why 2 campaign staffers fled to Nicaragua? Or give details on the FBI investigation against u and David Rivera.
The press never lets the facts get in the way of The Narrative. And the sheeple buy it. See most of the replies in ths thread.
I am puzzled that everyone is chasing rabbits here while Asia is turning into a powder keg.
Just more Fake News by liberal MSM media.
Good morning Senator! I read that article on the 9th and wondered... But I don't believe MSM anymore... Have a good day!
This is, at least, a dignified, professional, way to dispute a media report via social media.
Guys, I wonder if Obama was in the White House today, if he would have such scrutiny by you. 

Let the president preside.
How would we know? You never talk to us. You hide from us like a coward, so maybe you did back the peace deal. We have no way of refuting.
Puzzled by your lack of concern over Trump firing the guy investigating his campaign. American patriots usually hate would-be tyrants.
Quit being a clown and focus on what America is concerned with right now; the firing of Dir Comey.
.@marcorubio Your constituents demand an independent investigation in the Trump/Russia Collusion.  Do your job and demand it for us.
He has no idea what his job is. He's a liar.
Why don't you worry about our democracy? It's being threatened as we speak, Mr. Anti Communism. 
We know you hate being a senator but can you please pull yourself out of your depression long enough to get a special prosecutor
New media just makes it up, fabulism in newsrooms sweeping the nation. Paying a terrible price.
And yes, aided by "unnamed" source, these criminals made it all up. No extra resources, nobody threatened to quit. Consumers make media pay!
Did your parents flee an authoratarian government so your kids could grow up in one? #impeachTrumpnow
Your constituents demand an independent special prosecutor be appointed immediately #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
