As @POTUS has said, we are with you today, tomorrow, and we will be with you until Florida rebuilds bigger and better than ever before. 
I was more concerned about 1,2 being together out in the streets. Next in line would be tillerson.
Orin Hatch is next in line.
yeah, but Paul Ryan leaving on the trump train too!
we shall see...
https://twitter.com/trumptrain45pac/status/908385388632317952 …
Like most of Donald's closest friends, rick Scott is a crook.  Will fit right in with Donald and his deplorable gang
Glad to see everyone working together to rebuild Florida; so much assistance has headed our way; I'm so grateful, & thankful #FloridaStrong
Same in Texas Americans get knocked down but they jump back on their feet
They should have brought fuel trucks and filled up cars. People are stranded. Cost a lot of $ to gas up  #Trump motorcade. #IrmaRecovery
U R Kidding
I hate grandstanding!!!!
Well don't make comments like that and you won't do grandstanding
We won't be strong if we keep denying climate change. Need to regulate rebuilding at sea level or it will be worse next time.
If I'll go or believes in climate change why is he not doing his part instead of living in a mansion living in a 3 bedroom home
Glad you are backing @POTUS
FAKE NEWS BAD VERY BAD YOU LAUGHING CLOWN!

Lol. Have you no honor. He humiliated you in public.  Smh
It will, but not because of them.
Is your arm okay? Why did he try to dislocate your shoulder like that? How have you wronged him, Marco?
And trump's applauding pence- for pence to be Prez???
With the way Pence was talking, He is acting Presz--- does that mean trump is NOT Presidential???
These events are going to happen each year thanks to global warming. You are going to constantly be rebuilding.
Thank you, Mr.Rubio!
Rubio for president !!!
Clown car
I'm sorry but could Melania have looked more bored and disinterested.  Hope she didn't hurt herself clapping.
Little Marco can you suck up any more to Comrade Trump. Wimp and a half
Nothing says "I care about Florida" then going to Naples, home of old, rich white people when other parts of Florida are far more devastated
Useless tweet!
So you'll ONLY be with us until we rebuild? What about AFTER?
The death toll will continue to rise until we have power! 100% of FL nursing home res retired from other states but USE us for Medicare.
Pence, stay away from sanibel for ur FREE haircut! The four of u have NO humility. a pic of u handing out H2O is political propaganda!
You and Nelson are both stuck up Trumps butt. Nelson clearly had his tail between his legs at the ft Myers airport. WHAT A WIMP!
Not under 45, pence or you!  You are not for Floridians only yourselves!
Little Marco being little Marco
The lowlifes always have to be negative
Lip service. That's all that is.
Brown-noser. He treats you like a yard dog. What has he done, really? What have you done, really. @SenBillNelson has done real things!
Yea he's there today, but he'll get bored and move on
He dissed you!
He jerked Little Marco's arm off his shoulder with that handshake. Poor Little Marco always getting jerked around by @realDonaldTrump
Help?  You mean handing out sandwiches which any of the other thousand people there could have done.  Love the GOP photo ops Little Marco.
How many resources did they take uo that could have been used for tecovery?
Suck up
May God come the rescue of u.s citizens.
So are you implying that #Florida wouldn't be stronger if these two buns didn't visit...?!
Turn the "Fla Keys" into a National Park & Science Weather Center and benefit all Americans. 
Any suck-up could see it was nothing but another damn photo op. Sorry, Lil Marco..we know your true colors. Party over country.
THANKYU AND God bless all.of yu
And that climate change thing?????
Great job all of you!
He needs to admit there's a definite climate problem and find solutions instead of dismissing it.
CLIMATE CHANGE?
Love our VP
He seems to be in charge of the death of the Republican Party. Obamacare,tax relief, a wall. Nothing !
That's a leaders behavior who has the interest of the american people first
Gag me with a fucking spoon.
Thank you Senator Rubio. I know you are working hard on this. Thank you.
Blah Blah typical politician BS Blah Blah Blah
What help?  He only wanted a photo op.
Indeed. Thank you Mr Pres. & VP!!!!
And Thank you Marco Rubio for you Help As Well!!!!!!!!!!
I'm sure Florida will be back bigger and better than ever, Marco. Just not too sure why the rest of us have to pay for it.
You don't you're not an American
GOP= GRIFTERS OF PUTIN...jail or ouster for GOPhers  >2018
Why are they wearing the stupid windbreakers it's 95° out?
How did a photo op help?
We'll be back stronger than ever, but them visiting for 2 hours has nothing to do with it. You know that.
Glad that Trump was able to find 4 hours for his visit to Florida - place where millions lost power and billions in damages - sad
Senator: How did you like that handshake with trump? Looked kinda weird & awkward.
OK Lil Mario. Big Daddy loves you,  too.
Remind me again how Rubio won the presidency bc of his stance on amnesty, gang of eight. Oh yeah you lost.
Agree Little Marco. Keep up the good work.
Our President knows how to win.
Some places, like the keys, should not come back at all.
