https://twitter.com/verojj123/status/821529829262639104 … THE BEST WORDS I'VE HERD! AMERICANS WE R TIRED OF GIVING THEM EVERYTHING & THEY DO NOT WORK
La verdad sobre el abuso que tienen los Cubanos con los que pagamos taxes. Ya EEUU se canso de mantenerlos ya basta no tenemos la obligación https://twitter.com/verojj123/status/821529381617156096 …

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1281366641922096&id=100001463187312 …
And what about SSC disability fraud by Americans? Lawyers/doctors have made millions helping to defraud our government.
When is Ted Cruz going to guide Cuba to Humanitarian Country Status mandates ?
Here is a list of all the countries that helped influence Hillary to win the election. They gave her millions.
DNC rigged Primary election so Bernie never had a chance. Are you upset about that?
Don't frequently agree with you Mr Rubio but on this all Cuba matters I stand by you.
@Tee_Quake where's outrage obama using taxpayer money interfere in israels election ?
It's an OUTRAGE that OBAMA used taxpayer money to try and unseat PM Netanyahu & an OUTRAGE that CONGRESS didn't ACT!
exactly why doesn't shit McCain care about obama interfering w Israel elections who cares if Hillary bitch lost @SenJohnMcCain
La verdad que si, tienes razón Marco,,,
You're still here? Nothing to say about your best friend Trump and his love affair with Putin and Russia?
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. Good advice.
third clause of that advice: "...and let your mortal enemies take pics of hookers peeing on you."
wtf, go shit on yourself and ass fuck your partner.
can you tweet more often? Need you to keep trump humble!
does he follow you yet?
my own daddy doesn't follow me! Cc @marcorubio
and how you andThe state officials of Miami letting these things happen it's our Medicare from the United States?
Obama tried to influence Israel election and made America pay for it.
Why is the news not bringing this up?
You and your vapid party need to fight real criminals who are paid to represent the people & do their masters bidding #gopwhores
Rubio says "But I LOVE that Trump violated the Cuba Embargo"
any money going into Castro's pocket is a problem.
@MiamiHeraldCan't feed world. Churches have mission programs 2 help, but needy& wounded vets, our really poor come1st. $ 2 IRAN?
Rubio says I have NO answers but I have money and Govt healthcare
I hope the actions of 1 doesn't reflect on the million others that need Medicaire,Medicaid,Social Security SSI etc
Examples: J.W.Gacey, Bundy, Dahmer, Charles Manson etc. WadR-We don't need vouchers senator we need our lives.
Hey Rubio don't give up on Presidency.
Ok Rubio give up now. If you can't back Trump you are not Presidential material.
# Fake Rubio
these are Cubans not Mexicans. But Mexicans always get blame during elections for others nationalities frauds.

mr. Rubio on Cuba but I am an American first and you are turning your back on us we've had enough of dictatorships!
But yet you are against the end of the Wet Foot / Dry Foot policy
@OscarBiscet 20 civilians killed by B52 on tue
you must end your term and pretending to be cuban, whenever you need it.
agree
Some Medicare delinquents Run to Cuba others Run for Govenor! The power of being White, Rich with good lawyers!
hope Castro bends you over real good with lotsa of Vaselline
I had to call the FBI. All went to jail! Medicare said they Print checks Automatic and Dont have the Manpower to investigate.
Its easy with money to set up these operations No one Asks Any questions
 I wrote to Medicare 3x on fraud no one answered
Raul has said he will have elections in2018. Once its a democracy they will be back for this and jail.
@jayhweaver no mention of whether any funds were recovered.. sounds like Florida's got oversight problems
These SOBs are a disgrace 2 the Cuban people. They need to b sentenced to 25 years to life, not 2 years. Who makes these laws?
you are so right, Marco! Tired of taxpayer rip-offs by refugees and illegals from many countries!
@IsraelNewsNow @MiamiHerald Or the billions of taxpayers money supporting ASI, Apartheid state of israel,
: Send the money to Israel instead. $38 Billion in foreign aid to Israel isn't enough.
You're getting rid of our social safety net. The #fraud occurring will be thru #Trump, his cabinet & the #GOP!
#EThicsMAtter
@SenRubioPress @MiamiHerald get rid of the magnet. Wet foot dry foot policy. Do your job.
so grandma get charged but @FLGovScott did the same and got away Scott clean #notmygov
Nazi
DaveBarrelle. I agree
BASTA ya dl abuso-Muchos vienen a retirarseSIN haber trabajado nunca n US para luego regresarse a #cuba a recibirfacil-BASTA
Porqué no ponen fin mejor a la disidencia fake de #Cuba que viene a Miami a buscar dólares para tumbar a Fidel y Raúl *
how about worrying about the bill you introduced to cut security funding at embassies? Your Benghazi outrage a lie.
I totally agree with you. These dishonest people do not represent the honest and hardworking Cubans in exile.
you must considered to check every Cuban America who has a job in the government and ask to yourself what are they doing?
senator did you heard about Ivan Valdez a Miami Airport executive? Involved on 5 million steal from us the people who pay taxes
my first ? is why are there federal benefits for any refugees? Give me ch and section of Constitution.
Thank you for your reassuring words today on @TeamCavuto re USA solidarity, forward movement despite Russian hacking @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
@PanoramaRey then do something about it.
@rickbkylex It's not just Cuba tho...ALL of South America sucks us dry in Florida
We must stop the fraud now.
#Anexion #Union Por cuatro gatos que cometieron delito, no se puede meter a todo el mundo en el saco.  En Dios confiamos.
don't let trump repeal the aca
you threw Puerto Rico under the bus to gain the favor of the Koch bros.  trump-like. sad.
Amen and I agree. That is why I voted for you.
The Cuban Adjustment Act should be abolished. It is prejudicial to all immigrants. Equal Citizenship Act!
go after Cuban fraud hard. Get rid of wet foot dry foot. Let's cleanse our name again and take out the trash
Glad you keep speaking out about this issue. There is no excuse for continuing these benefits.
lets start w/ not allow travel back to Cuba if you get gov assist or food stamps. Its a joke what the new cubans get away with
:Kudos 4 identifying this rip off of taxpayers! Appreciate that U continue 2 press 2 fix it!
What they are doing to me is abusing the system also. I owned a townhome 4 cars and raised two children to go to college.
I am talking about those people and my situation.
we need to stop the wet foot dry foot and stop giving them all the government aide that's why they come here
As a Florida resident and you are my Senator, exactly what are you going to do to prevent this from happening again?
is that why you voted to raise the debt ceiling? I thought you're a conservative, not a Statist . . .
Wow...unbelievable..
the waste of money by the government on pension to politics, unserviceable programs, and meeting without any results are a shame
youre not fooling anyone with that fake arrangement you call a marriage. Give me Jeanette's email diaper boy
that is an abuse is that government gives money to all of these clinics without check anything that is irresponsible senator
keep putting tools like you in office...that'll fix it.
Another gift of the DEMON OBAMAMANIAC REGIME, to wit: Cuban refugees ripping off the gov. - just like jihadists!
did you make it to day 1 at work Marco?

Yet u don't mind over $5 billion being funneled to #Israel @marcorubio @MiamiHerald
well of course he doesn't.   The bible tells him so. I wonder if he likes his cuban heritage?
agreed. Shut it down
Please Read At Least 50 Trump Electors Were Illegitimately Seated as Electoral College Members @alternet
It's important to get this under control.
focus on Russia, please.
Marco, I'm with ya on this one.
marco...def never come to NYC
perhaps a thorough review of Medicare and social security is in order so that CITIZENS are provided for FIRST!
No let's just let corporations, banks, and PEOTUS lie, steal, and cheat but don't say anything.  #TheResistance
please stay on this. It has to stop.
‘Wet foot’ ‘Dry foot’ Cuban debate,
I was told Cubans in Havana have books telling how to get benefits, disability and lots of freebie from government
wow Little Marco.! Thats small change.! Bigger problem, how Putin disrespecting our Democracy.Please Bark at Trump
Gonna give up your Senate salary and pension?
Sounds You Can Not Trust Peaple.  Specialy Putin when our next  administration trust. Or Cuba or most cubian peaple
GO get em Marco!
THANKYOU Rubio!!!  This needs to stop NOW!!
.. same with mexico.
let's see how presidential you think you are by your vote on Sessions
TOTALLY AGREE MAKE OUR GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABLE
Obama established a relationship w Cuba?? Travesty!
doing great things, keep up the good work
send it back to Cuba
Wow, that only took 50 years
do it asap, now I have a question : What the hell is doing the Coast Guard?
It is about as bad as the Green card Mexican who also collects Social Security from the Mex Gov
I am not/never been republican but I like this young man. He has.....umm....balls
don't stop there Mr Rubio... abuse/fraud of ALL benefits must end. We will provide a hand up, but freeloading is wrong.
Thankfully we have you back in the Senate to work on this, and other important matters. #GodBless
This is just disgraceful and giving hard working Cubans a bad name this needs to stop ripping off Medicare!
How about 1/2 billion for a ship that doesn't work? 500 million for ONE ship? Go after big money vs. pandering to FL, 50 States!
Looking forward to seeing some progress made on this!
where is state attorney general?
All for eliminating fraud!  #NoTrumpNWay
I heard this on Election Day from Cuban descent workers at a South Miami Hotel. They voted 4 u ! Pls work on this!
Marco the dictator is dead... Cuba will be free soon.. Stop the hate and support your people / heritage
Why don't you look into this Marco? http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/01/05/attorney-general-trump-bribed-just-got-white-house-job/@MiamiHerald …
Go Marco!
Aren't we making amends with #Cuba  If we make amends, shouldn't these benefits go away as we wouldn't take refugees?
Great to see you're embracing the new Fidelista-like US.
U were a Presidential candidate, a good one, is this really a "big picture" concern for someone of your caliber? #pickurbattles
wise man once said"pick up the pennies and dimes, they add up fast, chances are dollars will be found along the way!"
Wonderful quote & idea, but not applicable 2 leadership actuals. We could quip all day & it only comes to who's wittiest
it starts with leadership knowing the value of $ and realizing the costsassociated with the fraud being part of the fix
DEMS double standards Trump pics https://msrnews.online/2016/12/31/keith-ellison-support-jeff-sessions-attorney-general/ … radio Sunday 3pm
ok how about global warming
This is what Barack wants
Just like illegal Mexicans. That's how they'll pay for the wall.
!
go away little marco
needs to stop now
