And we had all the time in the world to PREPARE and we decided to make fun of twitter typos and fake Russian investigations. SHAME ON US!!
Yep, time to stop watching stupid non-investigation and get busy with what matters.
Source please. For my own knowledge.
@nakashimae  And yet you seem to care so little that potus' administration is in bed with these Russians.
potus is in bed with russia out of fear. They are afraid of something. All of them
Cyber protection is a given. It has to B protected, but Hillary's Russian story stinks.  Does Russia need Wikileaks to spread propaganda?
Please stop supporting an administration that doesn't believe in or value science. We're falling more and more behind every second.
For crying out loud, the sky is not falling.
Yes, it is. Read the Naked Emperor's latest tweet rants.
PAST time for the western nations to take Putin out while there's still time!
Your are effing NUTS, a warmonger...
Why do you want Russia as an enemy? Build bridges dude. Stop your war games
Sen. Rubio - I disagree with your politics but you did an exceptionally good job yesterday.  Thank you. #SessionsHearing
SOS HRC jepordized NATIONAL security w/her cell phones. Servers & more. AND NO ONE has mentioned national security until HRC LOST ELECTION
Since when are FACTS relevant in DC??
#IndependentSpecialCommission  into #Kremlin interference in our sovereign nation. #transparency 
You've got it! Did you see all the bowing to the " King Trump! " this morning! I didn't know that mental illness was contagious!? WHAT THE H
#kompromat
Keep in mind if Russians have thing on Democrates, they certainly have it on Republicans. It must be some really bad sh*t, that they are
#kompromat
When will you care as much about broadcasting truth in English (in the WH) as you care about broadcasting truth in Mandarin? POTUS too?
You know the people are not stupid enough to know the U.S. and others have the same technology right?
Mr.Rubio, Mr. Mueller has a direct conflict of interest in the Russia/Comey investigation because of past relations with Mr. Comey.
Actually I see MANY important issues, but you go to dinner with Trump and then come out to public very weak. sad
Yes it's called extortion! We'er living in the roaring twenties under Al   Capone! We don't have a president, we have a godfather! Get it!!
The meeting these morning was a joint act of treason, open rebellion and military mutiny!
Well Trump is the mafia don reality tv personality. Sad that our country is being run by one. Mob kings in N.Y. & NJ are really happy.
Bigger issue:  @realDonaldTrump is in our @WhiteHouse.  #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Ever wonder why why in 9calls to FBI, tRump never once asked about the Russian investigation into election intrusion? Collusion??
You and I have spiritual reasons for not trusting Russia. Ezk 38 and 39.
Why didn't U ask AG, why he didn't stand up to President when he asked AG & others to leave room? U asked Comey, but not his boss. Why?
Okay. So where is the reform bill and where is the Repeal and Replace bill?!  Just a bunch of nothing and hot air from GOP Senators. So lame
Russia can't do anymore than our government has done to us. Damn wifi is out again.
And he helped get a Lunatic you support into the White House. Be careful who you back.
Why is no one forcing this issue? Congress forced AG Sessions to recuse himself so why are we ignoring this conflict with Mr.Mueller.
Marco imagine if our president took any of this serious. And didn't think it was all about him.
OBAMA ISN'T IN OFFICE -not anymore!  We now have someone who at least trying to fix things-if the DEMS WOULD STOP STALLING!!
A republican controlled congress, the democrats aren't holding back any agenda. They are not even a factor in any decision.
Takes 60 votes -go back to school & learn how government functions
Also, liking your own comment is kind of sad. 
Here's a fact u can take to your local Cuban bank in downtown Havana:
TRUMP IS DIRTY...AND YOU KNOW IT. #Distancia #Vijilate 
Diostebendiga!
Mr.Mueller "must" recuse himself according to the law. It doesn't say may or should or can recuse himself it says he MUST recuse himself.
I am glad you were able to develop a bipartisan plan for Russia sanctions. This is needed and expected! This is how to govern.
And yet you don't believe they messed with our election?
Let's translate. Let's not jeopardize my (and R) agenda, and after that is done then let's go after Russia. You are so... transparent.
Yes! Thanks for paying attention
Stop wasting time.  You know thete is nothing there.
Every government spies, lies, interferes with other nations & builds weapons, especially the USA.
Supreme Leader thinks Little Marco should lay off Vlad. Did you not swear allegiance at our "special" dinner! Supreme Leader is not happy.
Might be time to begin talking about a recall election to drain the swamp of Trump apologists who put party over country.
That's real hard when you focus on protecting party before country!
Absolutely right but I guess that just doesn't sell #newspapers
@realDonaldTrump can help - he has Putin's ear!
And yet here you are, trying to keep him in the WH. How much did he pay you? Did YOU pledge loyalty to him?
You hated Trump during the campaign. You knew then he was crooked. You knew he's a liar.
We can tell by your lines of questioning that you're searching for a way to overlook corruption in the executive branch. Why?
All the more reason to make sure we INVESTIGATE @realDonaldTrump @POTUS connections. Stay focused on that.
Are you for the Russian Investigation?  Are you aligned with Trump?  Are you becoming a preacher?  What and who are you?  #confused
This is ok not the Dem witch hunt. How much did Schumer make from Russia and Lukoil?
GOP needs to get  & stand behind @POTUS #nospecialcounsel #noobstruction #firemueller
And our president wants to hand Putin of our country. Hes so deeply in bed w Putin w Jared Don Jr. Its a crowded bed! But we need to wake up
All for the Mac!
So the US already has that too. Used against North Korea.
Yes but guess who's coming to dinner.
Who wants to start a #gofundme campaign for Robert Mueller? I'm in! #StandYourGround @marcorubio you are a #Floridian the #GOP NEEDS YOU!
Either you stand up to Trump using whatever tools you have or you will find yourself evicted from your own home.
Of course, now that option has passed. The GOP is learning the hard way what happens when you let Trump do as he likes.
But #Putin is harmless and misunderstood- just ask our President!
#TrumpFollies #RussiaGate
I hope @realDonaldTrump didn't give them back door to grids when he leaked to Russians in Oval O (Intentionally or not given he's a newbie.)
THEN QUIT DEFENDING PUTIN'S BEST AGENT! #ImpeachTrump #RussiaGate #GOPCollusion
Are you supportive of DT firing special counsel Mueller? Please reply
And yet little Marco your loyalty is to Trump it's so obvious you're acting #gulp
It would seem this ought to have been in focus during infrastructure week.
Please don't forget there is a destruction of ACA as well. Please take into acct my email in that regard.consider #impeachment of #POTUS.
Let's first get the point on #Putin disrupting our elections ! Hands mike over 
What will u do, what have u done? You talk tough, giving appearance of Country b4 Party, but 2 date u r Trump man. Mueller = ur litmus test
What are you guys doing to keep us safe?
Where's the info on how to protect against & fight propaganda?
The public needs to be armed w facts
I agree. I heard about this for some time. He plans on freezing us.
well looks to me @GOP has chosen ignorance on this subject.Our grid is +yrs old and needs work!! Ppl hv no idea
And the President supports him. And you support the President.
Oh, young Mark. I just can't wait to hear what childish questions youll ask Jeff. But I'm damned sure, it'll be a great photo-op.
Putin doesn't wish to disrupt Wall Street, he's not that stupid...
The weak protection of our power grid has been known for years and nothing has been done to upgrade or protect the system.
Bigger issue is corruption in politics and media - Russia merely exploiting those that put themselves before God and Country.
Pres will give continued cover for Putun. America has become a satrap of Russia. Also sick was watching the Cabinet pay homage to the satrap
The issue at hand is sanctions on Russia for meddling in our democracy and of course how much @POTUS knew- when he knew it #obstruction
Marco-do your job.  There is a treason case right in front of you.  Stop with the red herrings!  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Alarming!  Still, nothing more important than our CURRENT Russian problem.  That, senator, is the #BigIssue.
Yeah. Today you are a politician instead of a preacher.  Amazing.
Let's not forget that President Fredo doesn't care about any of this

...because Trump Organization is dependent upon Russian Oligarch money
The president doesn't seem to care about that neither do a lot of your colleagues when they ask questions that are not related to Russia.
Get the facts from Sessions tomorrow. No softball bullshit. You are in the spotlight.
Marco , you changed again. I was beginning to enjoy the scripture quotes.
Demand mueller recusal. Comey conflict of interest. Witch hunt
If Trump fires Mueller, will you support impeachment?
Yep but Trump shows ZERO interest in issue & u have ZERO to say about that, & say nothing about his embracing human rights abusers. Step up!
And yet you stay silent when administration creates backchannel to Russia,  or when they hand back spy compounds
Enough is Enough already - end these ridiculous Russia probes! No crimes = nothing to investigate! Also, get rid of Comeys friend Mueller
While you strip health care
And why isn't President Trump interested in this at all??? No outrage from #POTUS!
Cabinet Meeting Respose: Excuse me King Donald, but I can't kiss your buttocks with you sitting!
But yet u have little interest in finding out how Russia interfered with election
@nakashimae Hypocrite
The the big guestion what are we going to do to keep our elections honest!!!!!!!!And part of this problem  is TRUMP Russia owns him
Yes! That's right! What in hell does our president have cozying up to an evil gripped devil like Putin! Enough is enough! I saw this coming!
Exactly 
You may be concerned,  but 45 could care less what Putin does. Proof in his tweets and video tapes. Better get some candles.
Your party cannot even admit the threat. Rotten to its core.
Right and your friend is in bed with them.   Stop wimping out.
Oh dear, if Russia disrupts power causing sub station parts to fail and Trump is in trade war with countries we get parts from...big problem
Keep backing 45....you sold ty our soul.  Fl residents will not forget!
Marco was a Floridian I am expecting tough questions from you for AG Sessions tomorrow
DUH... For years. You are a little slow on the topic. It's scary I pay you...
At your recent dinner with Trump, did he say that he "hoped you'd use his talking points" the following day?
Did Trump and GOP aid Russia with that also
And we do the same to theirs. Right?
Gee, ya think that would has crossed through your empty head before supporting a Russian agent for president.
R U really trying to tell us Russia has BETTER equip and tech than the US? What have YOU been doing in DC if so? This has zero to do w/elect
And we have that ability too..so don't act like we are soooooinnocent.. remember it was an NSA program that crashed computers last month
IRAN CYBER attack, and Obama, sent suitcases  of cash,  More of a threat  than Russia
Yes there seems to be a lot of Russian interference going on in the US these days. What are you going to do about it?
Trump's Travel Ban is cratering the Florida tourism economy. Why will you only defend Putin's Puppet? Please help US!
If Russia has that capability now, we've had it for 10 years guaranteed. You all run around like chicken little. Wtf are you 12 years old?
Maybe if we can stop using Russia to just bash Trump, we MIGHT be able to focus on the real Russia threat.
My main complaint is that why it has taken us so long to see this. We were very naive and foolish.
So what ?  Your party boss changed the GOP platform on Russia to allow them to do whatever they want.  Why pretend to care now ? GO AWAY
So, then, explain the $1 million you received of Russian money?  That makes you - oh what's the term - Traitor? Complicit? Bought? Coward.
We need to be concerned about Russia's cyper ability and stop focus on trying to bring POTUS down.
Seriously -you never saw this coming?  WHAT WORLD DOES CONGRESS INHABIT?!?!
Senator you guys realize "Russia is a real country right? My kids and yours are same age. We sending them to war with Russia?
The mention of putin will be the focus. Divide and conquer, dems and rep are more than willing to be rendered useless at running government
So did Iran China etc
Tell it to the judge. So much potential, wasted on kissing to dear leader.
No kidding is it a EMP or does it hack into election computers like Homeland Security did in Indiana and Ohio
Knowledge without wisdom and understanding. The need to control for economic purposes the worlds public services will be targets.
Obama developed a better eGrid! 
@marcorubio never saw it coming. Hahahahahahaha!
Impeach.
You are an outright traitor! America will make sure your children's children know how you enabled  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
"No obstruction, no collusion just a whole bunch of distruption of business." Wake up people."
Ok, here's a fact. Your party is defending traitors.
Hold @POTUS accountable and make sure he is taking this threat SERIOUSLY!
I bet we have one too...but that's ok right?
You don't even want all the facts on their attempts to control our election.  Enjoy your last term Marco.
Marco U Need To Fo Your Job.. Keep America Free From AltRight Russian Republicans..
This was on twitter a month ago, NC bought software from the Russians, but I guess you missed that!
Did you convince TRUMP to change Cuba Policy?
I hope he did
Exactly. Russia is the problem, and the president, our Commander In Chief, is not defending us.Have you made this point?Are you standing up?
Get off your knees and do your job. No more nice guy with Crooked Donnie. It makes us sick. Russia is looming and this admin does nothing!
WaPo claimed Russia hacked Vermont's power grid back in Jan, then had to apologize for its lies. Jeff Bezos's Blog = NOT a credible source 
Who it is laughing his ass off at us he thinks this country is a joke thanks to the Democrats and some of those ridiculous Republicans
President didn't ask Comey about this during their interactions . Don't you find this odd Marco ?
Just like they developed the Trump virus with the capability of disrupting our political system via lies and pro-Russian policies.
Please stand up for American people when comes to all the investigations!!!
That's the real issue. Not this continued collusion BS that the Senate needs to stop entertaining.
Well you won't get anywhere with that until you stop the nonsense of Russian interference of the election. You helped create the nonsense!
Really? Remember when Obama sent mess 2 Putin saying he'll have more freedom 2 act after his re election? What did he meant?
How TF do we know that didn't come from our own government like wanna cry?
When do all the hearings begin on Obama, Hillary, rice, and Lynch?? Witch hunt on our president.
By big issue you of course mean that Russia, a foreign nation, intervened in our democratic election, right?
“a” big issue. Pretty sure tearing up our democracy is “the” big issue.
Do Your JOB!! Florida will not forget that you chose party over country! You have aligned yourself with a Bigot, Crook, and a Con man!
Stay on top of this PLEASE - we are way to vulnerable
Yes. We R,negligemce from this and previous adminitrations 8 yrs of Obama 8 of Bush, 3 mths Trump and nobody cares only Rubio talks about it
What rock have you been hiding under?
Same rock ad you are since 2008 when your mesiah BHO won the election at least I peak outside once in a while U R still crying 4 HRC lost
America has so many enemies they envy our freedoms & ways of life we R lucky 2 have U in Senate 2 keep us informed & trying 2 prevent harm
We, US have all the facts including those complicit members of #GOP like you.
No Senator that was Obama's Stuxnet!
Why do you act like you care when you really don't. You are not looking at the big pic Marco.
And more importantly our elections.
Constitution A2S1C7 AND utterly ignoring Russia threat !!!!!!!!
At the same time, why would control of power grids be connected to the Internet? Should be closed systems or at least closed networks.
And your deep background in cyber warfare will bring what to the table on this? Stop hearings, get the expert to work on a defense. Solved!
tell that to @realDonaldTrump #JustLikeKimJongUn
Your dinner date from the other nite aka potus probably has a financial incentive from that cyber weapon
Grow a pair and do your job.  Little Marco... Remmeber... Stop deflecting and do the right thing.
Please stop drinking the kool aid. We need strong people to stand up to Trump. He will take you down.
Tell us more about that NSA leaked document last week that CONFIRMED Russia's hacking of voting machines and election officials.
Stuxnet. 

But our cyber weapons are done for good, 

like Obama's interference in Israeli elections!
Please look into most recent NSA leaks and force @POTUS to address election security going forward. He violates oath of office doing nothing
AND the .@GOP and .@POTUS are friendly toward him and his minions. We must stop this Russian love affair before it hurts Americans.
What will you do about the NSA attempt to hack the election in Georgia? People who live in glass houses ...
Our election was hacked and yet you seem not to care
Quit listening to Jill Stein.   Her narrative of election hacking is false. Only thing hacked was DNC and Podesta clicking on bogus link
Nope DEMOCRATS HACKED THE ELECTION-ARRESTED OVER THE WEEKEND!  VOTER PHOTO ID'S NEEDED-EVERY STATE NEEDS TO GO THRU THE RECORDS BEFORE 2018!
On the subject of corruption, the HOUSE is trying to cram thru the AHCA! The PEOPLE of FLORIDA absolutely want U to VOTE NO!!! VOTE NO!!!
Whatever, I'm sure the Russians are bribing or blackmailing you too now. @GOP has been systemically compromised by Russian money.
Hell -Russians HAD MORE MEETINGS WITH DEMOCRATS!!  SEND HEY-LIARY OVER WITH MORE URANIUM-GET RID OF HER FOR EVERYONE'S SAKE-KEEP HER!!
