90% of Americans have health insurance.  The disaster is single payer rationing and low quality.
Really?  Then why do so many medical professionals and patients come here?  Your statement does not square with reality.  Charlie Gard
Ranked worst, how?  I see a doctor whenever I want and don't wait for procedures as they do in Canada.  I pick a plan that I like / save $$
I might add that the doctors office waiting area is always full.  Those people are paying for treatment somehow or they wouldn't be there.

Once you become a slave to your own government you are never coming out of it again.  Nice point.
A 'slave' with healthcare free at the point of delivery? Yep, I'll take that thank you. Oh how beholden I feel to no worries about hc costs.
Free?  That is a joke and your worries will just be beginning.  In any case, if that is your attitude, you deserve what they do to you.
Yes, free at the point of delivery, not free as in 'no cost'. Yes they allow provision of healthcare for all, oh the evil tyrants.
Enjoy that big tax bill as well.
Everyone pays, everyone benefits. No-one knows when life-changing illness can strike you or your family. What's a better option, insurance?
I love my insurance, and surveys show that most people feel the same about their plans.
Better health outcomes and savings is your definition of a disaster??
Where exactly do you think that they are going to get those savings exactly.  I know, do you?
Removing the middle man. And price fixing. Every other country does it. It isn't rocket science.
The middle man?  The doctor and the patient; what would the government be in your scenario?
insurance companies are middle man extracting profits and complicit in our bloated healthcare spending. Govt replaces and doesn't profit.
Government would be middle man; why do I need one as I love my coverage?  Profit margin for insurance is only around 4%.
How much did the CEOs of the insurance companies make? And who do you work for that you LOVE your coverage???
I work for a small company and have an HSA.  It is awesome.  What relevance does a CEO salary have?  How much does the IRS commissioner make
Your healthcare is government run you don't seem to have a problem with it. Why not extent it to cover all citizens?
Obviously you have never used government paid doctors.  They habe no incentive for excellence.  They get paid anyway.
Seriously??
Last week, @SenJohnThune said 'OMG if we don't do this we'll have socialized medicine and it'll cost $3T/yr'. We ALREADY SPEND $3.4T! !!!!
We can't even afford it and it involves death panels
give healthcare back to the private sector
Of course you're not; since the healthcare industry and big pharma pads your bank account to NOT support it.
how about supporting that conclusory statement with the facts from which you formed it? #factless #antiGOP #MedicareWorks
A crisp $50 says Rubio flips on this by Labor Day.
Not taking that bet.
So, get rid of Medicare buddy?
Well explain why it would be a disaster when it works in other places. Don't just say it put facts behind what you're saying.

Then you should directly improve your understanding of your constituents by resigning from YOUR healthcare plan.It's really your only option
@Orangeysky1978 Get the ACA REPEALED AND REPLACED THEN!!  We need you senators to really step up here and deliver.
Thank you
Single-payer is the worst form of health coverage, exept for all the others.
You should. Health care is a right, not a privilege for the wealthy. The bills you put forth so far will hurt people. Ignorance
Famous last words! Let's all take a screenshot so we can bombard him when he reneges on his word, which they all do.
BOOOOOOOOOOOO
Is this as tough a stance as u had on repealing obamacare?
sorry, I disagree, you of all the senators should understand that!!'
Like its a disaster for every other industrialized nation ON EARTH? Oh wait.
Cool, fine, no problemo, we'll just take whatever coverage you and your fellow Senators enjoy, okay?
It is not government run single payer.  Good old fashioned private insurance.
Sure, great, let's all have some of that. No exceptions for pre-existing conditions, affordable for all. Sounds perfect! Thanks David!
If you don't want problems with pre existing conditions then it would be a good idea to buy it beforehand.
Right! But Dave what if I have it through work - like, you know, millions of Americans - and I change jobs which comes with new insurance?
And Dave why do you have Kevin Costner for your profile pic when Tombstone was So much better?
I agree with you that Tombstone was the better movie; however, that profile is actually from the Hatfields & McCoys miniseries.
Free market will allow ppl to die. Where's the profit in keeping old disabled ppl alive? Single payer WORKS
- - - Hi Little Marco! - - - Did U forget that Russia hacked our election & are prepared to do it again? - - - U are weak AF.
She looks hungover AF. Walk of shame? I mean, she does it everyday , Ffs.
Then you don't have a clue!  You don't care about the people of USA, just wealthy, greedy insurance comp. CEO's.  What's your solution?

Arrests beginning. Hard to see but doctor being put in flex cuffs after staging protest in Sen Cotton's office 
It works in so many other countries there is no real reason it cannot work for us... your time is limited listen to your people
Bottom 50% pay zero income tax. They are all for single payer. They want others to pay for them. The give me free stuff crowd
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Then stop using your healthcare plan.
Bullshit look at the rest of the western world . They do it
How about gov't run insurance, b/c that's what adults discuss. Healthcare is provided by... healthcare providers.
THANK YOU. I hate that insurance gets conflated with care in this. Neither Medicare or humana is doing heart bypass surgery or mammograms...
Sorry. Mammograms is Essential Health Care benefit under the ACA long with flu shots, annual exams, other Preventatives. GOP wants to scrap
Right, that's coverage, not healthcare. Still have to go to Dr for healthcare. ACA relates to insurance.
True. But under Medicare now, these things are covered at a 0 cost that was not so in the past. Nor required.
That is care.
Because many people would not even GET those things.
Proverbs 21:13 "If a man shuts his ears to the cry of the poor, he too will cry out and not be answered."
It's been working fine for us in the UK for 69 years. Because we're not a set of profiteering shitpurses getting rich off others' illnesses.
In other words , your government d terminus how much someone can earn ?
Problem is who decides how much someone is allowed to make. That's a giant loss of freedom there buddy. It removes opportunity
Not in the slightest. Everyone pays a National Insurance contribution, and that funds our healthcare system. Simples.
I mean, it's so simple a lawn ornament could comprehend it. Which would put it beyond the understanding of Drumpf, but not everyone else...
You can't compare the USA to the U.K.  Not remotely similar or comparable.
The US is dissimilar to many other European countries with a system similar to UK. Yours is odd one out, not us...
You're free to come take a look in the Netherlands where it is working great + premiums are generally lower than in your current system....
Or take a look at the UK where there is a longer life expectancy and lower infant mortality rate all thanks to gov run healthcare
Medicare for all IS the solution.  Get your head out of your butt and your greedy hands out of insurance co CEO pockets!
So let us all have the same health care you get from the taxpayers.
You might want to rethink this
15 Nations have better results from Health Care at half our cost. For 100M's of citizens for decades. Healthcare for profit is a failure...
lol
You don't support single payer because the healthcare care industry bribed you and supported your campaign. #sellout #SinglePayerNow
A disaster for whom? All Americans in need of equal opportunity &a access to care or your friends the Insurance Cos? I'm going w/ Ins Cos.
Taking the next logical step you should be against government-run health care for those 65 and up, aka Medicare.
Surely, he is, but can't admit it
If GOP can cap Medicaid, they'll try to do the same with Medicare. It's Paul Ryan's dream.
Medicare should be capped it's bankrupting America! Gall bladder surgery on 86 yr old, PAP smears in 87 year olds, etc
Stop lying. You politicians need to stop playing partisan BS games, we are the WEALTHIEST country in the world.
We don't even make that list of countries with the best healthcare. What do ALL the countries doing better than us have in common?
They all have universal healthcare! We are the only developed country without it. The internet exists and Millennials will vote you out.
We KNOW you are doing nothing but lying and selling BS on behalf of insurance companies. We are fully capable of online research.
I spent my teen years talking to people online all over the world. You claiming they hate their healthcare or it's bankrupting them is false
So you think people don’t deserve care? The USA is the only first world nation without universal health care. S howing your true colors

That's a totally unrelated matter.
Really, I smell my wife's fresh chocolate zucchini bread.
Who pays for your health care, out of curiosity?
I do. And you, and all taxpayers. But, see, his health is more important than YOUR health!
See he works as a US Senator to receive healthcare.
So, a senator should have healthcare, but other people should go without? That's callous!
Join the military for free healthcare... it absolutely sucks
No one is asking for health care for free.  Medicare is an earned benefit.
Military healthcare is single payer... and the VA as well... yea let's do longer waits.. no biggie Vets died waiting for help
Medicare works!  Ask a senior to give it up and see what happens.
I do like your choice of insults Mr McBastard
It's working in just about every other country!  Not a single country has stopped gov run health care since they've adopted it
Except that it works well in Australia, Canada, and Europe. But hey, why shouldn't we pay twice as much and not cover everyone?
Luke 13:27 Matthew 7:22

And under Obamacare with the rate of insurers dropping out, how many will be left in ten years? Repeal and don't replace.
You'd prefer this?
Hey at least he didn't quote the Bible.  I call this progress.
yet Congress wants to exempt themselves from losing their single payer healthcare. Good enough for you but not for Granny?
Seems to be working fine in Canada, Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Japan, Netherlands, Spain, Italy, Ireland, France etc
So.. Because they're BETTER than the US in this regard - why not try and adopt what they do instead?
Or do you willfully WANT worse healthcare? They're all ranked above the US in healthcare..
Size doesn't matter here. Why should it? You're currently ranked number 37. Current approach obv isn't working.
Such a terrible argument I don’t even know where to start. Canada  and France have provinces, but have universal healthcare.
why not??? Oh yeah because big insurance has already bought your vote... quote the bible all you want... God does not know you
That is not the experience in most of the rest of Developed countries.
How would YOU know?  It seems to work in developed countries ALL over t world. What is DOESNT DO is help UR BIG INS DONORS! We SEE you!
Hey @marcorubio maybe if you'd hold a town hall, regardless of protesters & hecklers, you'd get a glimpse of what constituents wants.

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 
name one good reason why any company should profit from people being sick when the US is capable of taking care of all of us out of our tax
And yet government run healthcare works in the UK.

Until the Conservatives started to privatise the NHS anyway.

#SaveOurNHS
Woe to those who make unjust laws, to deprive the poor of their rights & withhold justice from the oppressed. Isaiah 10:1-2
Why it would be good for your MOTHER. I guess you like this
loathe his globalist BFF George Sr. who contributed greatly to the foundation of this mess ---but yes, a good statement on healthcare.
Look what is going on in England #CharlieGard
Charlie Gard is a completely separate case. We have had brilliant gov run healthcare for the past 69 years.
Because "the" Sanders plan is the only single player plan. How unimaginative for a sitting US Senator.
Then give me your plan. Because my taxes to the government pay for it.
When everyone hates what you've already done AC..make it worse. This is why #RepealAndReplace is necessary. Get to work!
So basically you're admitting that you're too dumb (or bought) to figure out.  Other peaceful & prosperous countries have figured it out
Kind of like how we didn't support your Presidential run.
Its been so disastrous for Great Britain that they've not repealed it in more than sixty years. But you will support AHCA. #RUBrainDead?
Of course not, you free loading jerk with your free health care
#CharlieGard
ask 65+ Floridians how much a "disaster" they feel Medicare is.
Well do your job and get something through the Senate!
Well, you're a disaster as a senator, so I suppose you'd know
LMAO, Medicare is one of the most popular programs. Get a grip.
American healthcare is already a disaster. Over charged for everything.
Comrade Sanders
What about the 13 GOP govs who took the Medicaid bribe??? What are you going to do about them because here blocking reform?
Rubio. HR 257 protects everyone but White Christians.  What's your problem?
He's Gang of Eight-that explains everything.
it isn't a disaster in every other developed western nation.
Only because the GOP takes in hundreds of millions yearly, from the pharmaceutical, and health insurance industry. To insure higher profits
That's Communism disguised as Socialism.
Anything from Sanders is automatically BIGLY bad for America.
The govt can't run the VA properly and these people want govt ran healthcare- insane
you're admitting that American cannot operate as a gov as well as every other single payer nation.
Except that statistically everywhere it is it's better than the dumpster fire you call American healthcare, you walnut.
Good thing we won't need your help in passing it.  And make no mistake, Universal Healthcare will happen in America.
So Medicare for seniors is bad?
