@marcorubio stick to your guns.  Integrity is sadly lacking in politics these days.  No to Rex.  Too cozy with Russia.
I did watch it live and was impressed with Tillerson not you! This FL voter is not happy! You looked like a bully!
amazing. Thank you.
Score - Little Marco - Zip, Tillerson - Adult in Room! Little Marco doing McCain imitation. Tillerson looks like a diplomat!
I expect you to back Tillerson for SOS! You acted like DEM today,continue & next election I might as well vote forDEM for Sen
Was Rubio against Tillerson's nomination as SoS? Was he siding w/ Dem ? A few unfair Qs that he's not yet in position 2answer
Anyone who tells u they have all the answers 2 a hypothetical ? is either lying or an idiot. Rex Tillerson will make a GREAT Sec.of State!
@marcorubio No longer support Rubio Eben as Dog Catcher
You were horrible & looked immature, childish.
listen to your internal voice, block paths that enable the foreign tyrant's influence on US. You know about Cuba & Venezuela.
great work on questioning Tillerson. Please cote no! Thank you so much.
please vote no! Thank you!
Watch the Fog of War w/ Prof Stephen Cohen, Great Points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahd6zDZtOUg …
Were your questions written for you by Valerie Jarrett?
Lil' Marco mini-McCain: a globalist chickenhawk who met w/ ISIS, destroyed Libya, is a war criminal.
http://www.rubio.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/4da3a955-656d-46aa-b793-1447da53a0f0/591A131D3B5D113DE345D7BD63F4AEAB.rubio-peace-all-photogallery.jpg …
Thank you for putting American patriotism over party. Unfortunate so many of your followers cannot see this today. #tillerson
BLOCK TILLERSON
@Bwdreyer   You sound like a scorned little Biatchh.
As the Top Diplomat for the USA please crater our relationship with Russia & hinder @realDonaldTrump
I was stunned by how he was treating Tillerson. He really should change parties.
Little Marco, who's side are you on?
Not ours
did a great job today. Take it from a devoted Patriot, we need ur support against #realDonaldTrump attack on #Constitution!
why do you keep embarrassing yourself?  Have a drink of water.
DO NOT CONFIRM TILLERSON. Country before Party.
. @SenRubioPress over the top. Do Ur job @marcorubio
u & McCains questions to Rex proves he's colluding with Russian Terrorists &Putin lover. Grassly proved he's a climate denier
I was not impressed with your grandstanding. You have sealed the deal on my next vote when you run for office again.
You killed it, man. Great job!
Will you ask him about his gay past, like yours?
You do not ask a nominee if they think Putin is a war criminal and badger him on it.  You need to confimr
Sorry, you came across as juvenile and petty.  You are better than that.  Support Tillerson, please.
Good, insightful, hard hitting questions, today. Good job.  Thanks for keeping them honest. @SenRubioPress @libertylatina
shame on you
I am not pleased at the way you treated Rex Tillerson it was low and unnecessary. #Start a war with Russia
You just destroyed ever change you had to run for president of United States. Just lost my vote.
Look into his past, you will never vote for him!
Please don't make us regret voting for you.  We ask you to confirm Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State.
@tempteststorm2 I have changed my opinion of you
Thank you for asking the hard questions.
I listened, not impressed with your demeanor
Tillerson is reluctant to sanction Russia.  Keep digging, Marco!
He doesn't take cyber threats serious. No understanding of complex & far-reaching nature or ramifications to us.  Bad!
If he is accepted, he must be thoroughly briefed & to verbalize the truths of what has been presented to him today!!
Your a punk McCain abd Graham gave u your orders lol
Good job Marco! Proud of my senator!
You are doing this country a true service with your questioning!  Thanks for stepping up!
Great job! Everyone [normal and decent] is really proud of you. Nicely done! Keep it up.
You sounded like a girlfriend scorned
Thank you for your position on Russia. Good to know that free and democratic Europe still have friends in US.
I guess we see which side of the aisle you'll be on during this administration.Seems like you've always been on the left side
It was not necessarily your questioning but your temperament aand judgement today with Tillerson that was so disappointing.
as someone who worked on your campaign and door-knocked for you.HIGHLY disappointed in you today. Remember you work for us.
Who side are you on?
Tillerson great choice!!
I voted for you ONLY because Trump said to do so. I want my vote back.
I watched your pathetic attempt at being relevant. It confirmed your failure in the primaries. Very poor performance.
Your mailbox is full, so I can't call. Stop trying to sound tough. You are immature.  CONFIRM TILLERSON!
Well done @SenRubioPress proud to have you as rep of FL today! Finally country before party.
thanks sen. Rubio for asking tillerson about putin being a war criminal. Shocking he didn't say a huge YES
That was so embarrassing for you. You don't have the integrity to sit in the same room with Rex.
agree!
you look even smaller Lil Marco.. please enlist your children to fight war with Russia
your questioning was excellent! Don't back down, keep holding them accountable for their strange allegiances to Putin..
I have been a big supporter of yours until now. Pushing him to characterize Putin as a war criminal now would be harmful.
Thanks for asking some hard questions.
thank you for your questioning of Rex Tillerson. He is a war criminal
Your mailbox is full.
, is asking tough questions to @RexTillersonHQ on Russia/Putin. #impressive
Your self serving tenor in questioning a great American was discouraging. Elevate and don't be so progressively ideological.
Thank you for representing Country over Party in your questioning of Tillerson.  This coming from a registered FL Dem voter.
But...You were grandstanding and unprofessional!
YR ATTACK OF REX IS DISGUSTING,THERE IS NO HARD PROOF AND REMEMBER THE INTEL AGENTS THAT LEAK INFO 2 NBC AND OTHERS
If Sen Rubio has an issue w/Tillerson come out with it. Not ask questions everyone knows he should not answer.
We are watching and we are not impressed with your line of questioning. You look nervous and angry!
Thank you for correctly framing Vladimir Putin and posing real and hardball questions to nominee Tillerson. No blinders on.
Well Done!
Thank you for your leadership. America needs you -- all of us! Great and persistent questioning of Tillerson.
#beashamedlmarcobeveryashamed
Thank you for asking the important questions.#tillerson clearly has a compromising relationship with Putin. #stopRexxon
You are hitting it out of the park!  Much respect.  Thank you for holding Tillerson's feet to the fire.
I applaud yr profound courage for questions asked of this nominee. His refusal to commit--just as vital as had he answered TY
wants us to believe feelings are more important than facts
Trying to start WW3?? Putting forth the idea that Putin is a war criminal would certainly do that! Get real Little Marco!
Wow senator never thought I'd say this but as a Floridian ur making me proud.
Great Job. Real Questions!  Thank you.
 Disappointed
Rubio depends on Fake News about Russia and Syria to make his conclusions.
Rubio is unfit to be a Senator.
Such a wimp! Matches his past...look it up!
Perfectly executed and necessary questions! #Tillerson
Rubio is being an a$$ w/his questions. #Tillerson doesn't want to make decisions based on limited info. This shows he is a thoughtful man
or very stupid. Rubio rubbed his face in it.
I disagree. Only a fool would accuse someone of such a serious crime without having ALL of the facts.
and you look really serious. Hope your comicon buds love you
Ok, so you want to attack me on a personal level. Is that the best you've got? You can't attack my views? If that's the case, I pity you.
look who showed  up for work!
.@SenRubioPress Holy crow, sir, I have never agreed w/ much you've said HOWEVER... THANK YOU for your questions, thank you for your tenacity
Asking a SOS nominee to publicly call the President of Russia a war criminal is out of line. @RexTillersonHQ @realDonaldTrump
good jobs Rubio,said NO is clear  the guy do not want to talk about  Putin.
Thank you for pressing Tillerson so hard on Putin's war crimes in Aleppo. His opinion is discouraging.
what charges have you brought against Russia? Those bombings took place how long ago???
you have just lost my support
cannot believe the way you are talking!!
MR. Tillerson is a PATRIOT unlike Kerry and Hillary! so why are you doing the Democrats JOB for them! SHAME!
pretty sure he's doing his job as a senator
I am watching. Thank you for your strength Marco!!!
Tillersen refusing to answer Rubio questions about Russia and @PutinRF_Eng . Good luck @realDonaldTrump COMMUNIST LOVER!
RUBIO @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC must VOTE NO on Tillersen. A Russian Lover!
Again your on another line of tact now.. and I am sincerely blown away. We finally have someone that SOUNDS like a PATRIOT!
Manchin & others may say yes.
well it has begun...you are such a stooge for Graham and McCain. Hope you are ready to be accountable for your actions
I thank God every day for your voice of wisdom representing the good ppl of #FL & all America. May God continue to bless you
I am watching you right now Marco. I love you but WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON ANYWAY! He is giving you the proper ANSWER!
Ask him if he will enforce stronger sanctions on Russia for hacking...you hack
hold #tillerson feet to the fire-this man needs to be grilled! #resist #noputin
@SenatorCardin Is having a hard time understanding that Tillerson isn't a Russian agent
totally agree!!!!
Go to Idlib, Syria and marry some of your precious terrorists, Malko Lubio.
