run for office in Florida!
Why?He had no Political Experience.He supports Republicans.
....and?
Jimmy Carter is a great Man,and he was a great democratic http://President.Today  it takes more than just being a good Man,especially R's
You're insane
If I may interject, Carter was not a great President. That's why Reagan replaced him after 4 years. You're the stupid one.
See if you can get the senator to agree to work on a BIPARTISAN healthcare bill instead of Cassidy/Graham.  Thank you for your help.
Awesome job young man.  One of my worship team leaders.  Her name is Megan  loves the Lord to no end like you.  Pray about it.  God Bless.
There he is again Tim Tebow. Man he gets around. This guys loves his to help people in need look at the joy in his face. He is a good Man.
We need man more people like him to shine a light in this sometimes dark world. We Love the volunteer work that you do Tim.
Then Ask Him to STAND with Other Black Christians!!!
God Bless You Timmy!
Great guy !!! https://www.zazzle.com/z/yl0x6?rf=238870190431218664 … via @zazzle
Thank you,Tim and God bless you and the victims of Irma.
Thank God U mr @TimTebow R not a part of that messed up #NFL #STUPIDITY! (U would have been a GR8 example tho! 
Kneeling for the right reason
Thank both of you. That's my team God our foundation.
Tim, I am White!!  I stand also for Blacks praying!!  Stand Up and Be Counted for God!!
You are a true patriot! Keep up the Lords work! You are an inspiration and role model fr our kids! God bless you!
Eres un ganador, eres un ejemplo Jesús se refleja en tu vida
Thanks Tim! Wish you were playing instead of these NFL ingrates. 
Tim, I wish more people were like you. What a great human being you are!!!!
What are you doing Tim
Tim Tebow thank you for who u are and how you have influenced millions of American youth.
Plz help the people of Puerto Rico. They need us.
America's Son. Keep up the good work. God Bless you.
What an amazing example to set, not like the players who won't stand for the National Anthem.
@NFL get rid of the #takeaknee players you have and hire a real quarterback hero @TimTebow - a true patriot and athlete of Godly character!
Tim Tebow is Leading with Love 
Have you noticed @marcorubio hasn't said one word after Trump's (his friend) radical attacks on NFL players? #FakeChristian
God bless you brother.
Keep doing your thing, Tebow! You set a great example for everyone with how you live.
You are the man. Thanks for serving the Lord daily and not just talking about it.
So grateful for this picture 
God  Bless you
Did you also ask him to vote no on the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill?
Tim you are so much more than a football icon
Thanks Tim.  Wish there were more like you for our kids to look up to brother.  God bless u.  Love you lots from our family. #oneflorida
You are a true gentleman and class act! 
Tim Tebow is God's man
God gave Us an Amazing Gift!!! #Tim Tebow
Colin Kaepernick isn't in this picture but I'm sure he is there, right?
So grateful to YOU for showing kids today how they SHOULD act as they grow up.  You're a WONDERFUL representative of Gator Nation, Tim!!!
So grateful for people like you who help our loved ones who lost everything in the Keys, particularly when we cannot be down there.
Just curious...did you see any lazy nfl kneelers?
Love you, Tim!! Just watch if he decided to buy any pavers for the home 
Now this is a football player. Unfortunately he is a Christian & unable 2 make millions being a bastard.
Great cause. Rock it tebow!!!
Governor Tebow than SenatorTebow.#future
You’re such an outstanding ambassador for Christ.
TT you're a class act
God bless you always Tim !
There should be more people like you. God Bless and thank you for all you do for the benefit of others. 
Blessings 
As a humanitarian, Tim is pretty close to being the 
You are such a blessing!   Thank you!
It's good to see an athlete like Tim Tebow helping people out and bringing joy. And seeing  his face light up & lifting Spirits God bless.
#Rubio is bad amigo!
Thanks for helping our friends down south.
Now there is a role model for kids..Always paying it forward
Y'all looking like you know what you're doing. Keep up the good work.
Two big hearted guys;  Timmy being mentored by the best...........so someday  it can be Governor Tebow.!   
President Tebow!
You're doing great things , Tim! I hope the Mets call you up to the major leagues soon!
Tim you are the best.!!! Hope to see you at Citi Field in the outfield next year God Bless!!
God bless these people...and God bless Tim Tebow.
Your doing great work. Keep it up.  God bless.
Hard to believe I used to not be able to stand you because you were a Gator.  You are such a solid guy. Keep it up @TimTebow
Should have , could have left rubio out of it ! 
ENEMIES WITHIN !
Awesome!
U R A FAITHFUL SERVANT,2 FOLLOW GOD'S WILL AND PURPOSE FOR UR http://LIFE.FAITH  WITHOUT WORK'S IS DEAD.B BLESSED MY BROTHER N CHRIST.
TIM,NOT ONLY R U SERVING THEM,BUT MIND U, U R SERVING THE MIGHTY AND LIVING GOD,OUR LORD AND SAVOIR  JESUS CHRIST. U R DOING HIS WILL. YES.
Thankful for you loving example.#K.I.S.S
im 42 and I look up to the guy run for some political office
For the #gatorgood! Such an ambassador for faith and community. Thanks for all you do. Go Gators!!
Great job Tim Tebow, Senator Rubio and the countless unknown volunteers loving their neighbors as themselves.  Jesus' hands and feet . . .
So proud of you for your caring spirit! Florida needs more like you in office!! Thank you!
Thank you for coming down!!
You're amazing, always stay true to your beliefs
Great job Tim 

Tim thanks so much for doing that. Do you think you could help Puerto Rico as well?  God bless you. ''
Giving back to florida is very fulfilling @TimTebow
Thats Great Tim Tebow Message me lets talk
You are the best guy out there @TimTebow !!! Thank you for being inspiring to others! 
Proud of YOU Tim Tebow! Maybe you'll be the next Governor of Jacksonville, FL.!!!
Matthew 25:21. Keep on serving God! 
Luv You!!
Thank you both for your presence and support for us in the Keys. Most of all, thank you for your prayers.

This is so wonderful 
Well done!
You are such s great inspiration and roll model. Thank you
He is Our MANGod will Bless you Tim
I'm a Florida voter. Run for office Tim! The antifa libs would hit a brick wall running against you!
A Rubio-Tebow ticket in the future would be INCREDIBLE. That said, I need my Cats to beat your Gators on Saturday!
i shake my head in disbelief at how wonderful @TimTebow really is
Thank you for being you 
Thank you Jesus for a man with a heart for our lord above all else . Keep up the good work
Love what you are doing brother!!
Amazing work
Simply the best!
@ItsDylanSchmer Go GATORS!
Love you @TimTebow    Thanks for speaking to the kids last night in AL!   
Bless you Tim and Gos bless you. U R doing a great service!
My boyfriend is working in the keys for #IrmaRecovery . His bday is sat. We r huge fans. Would b cool if met him
Awesome pic you are just awesome Tim
Blessings to all of you, God is on the move.
You're such a blessing to the people!  Keep up the good work!
YOU ARE AMAZING! I'VE BEEN A FAN OF YOURS FROM THE GATORS TO THE BRONCOS & BEYOND. ALTHOUGH THIS SATURDAY I HAVE TO PULL FOR MY UK WILDCATS!
Thank you
Thanks for helping out, Tim.  God Bless You!
Thank you! We appreciate everything you do for Florida!
Thank you so much  Tim and Marc
thank you all for having a gorgeous heart
Glad you got to enjoy helping those who need it most!
God Bless you @TimTebow for all you do! 
HEY TIM THANKS YOUR A GREAT GUY BUT DONT TRUST RUBIO
U have been amazing @TimTebow ! Ur Home State thanks U, and God’s Blessings r yours and ur family’s!
Two devoted Christians walking the walk! May God bless you and everyone you touch!
Amen
Big fan.
What a blessing, thank you for all you do for others.
Zukerberg/Tebow in 2020
Thank you Tim! God bless you..
Awesome!!!
I bet you dropped that @USCG hat as soon as you were able to get your hot little hands on whatever hat Tebow was rocking. Support the @USCG
That arm tho!
Thank you to both you and Marco for all your efforts in Florida! #Irma
Tim you didn't make it as far as Key West did you? Got family there.
You make God, your family and many people so very proud!  Bless You
Tim you are such a blessing to so many people I know your parents are so proud of the godly man that you are! God bless you!!!
We need the boarder wall to stop movement of drugs. The people will never vote for you as presidential candidate. Like Tim Tebow!
He must be writing a book .
Thank you both.
Tim let the NFL sitters know how they should be handling the activist itch Can't win so they have to get noticed some how Losers the loudest
Tim Tebow, you have a heart as good as gold.
Proud of all those that responded to help #floridastrong
Helping those in need @TimTebow Thanks!
The world needs more Tim Tebow!
Hero.
Tim Tebow is the poo, so sniff it!!!
This football player is a real hero. He would never take a knee on the field, unless he was thankfully praying!
So much "hotness" in one picture!!!
Two terrific guys 
Tim I just want  to say, fuck Marco Rubio.
Tim Tebow is such a great role model for our youth!
More Tebow less kapernut!
God Bless you.  You are a wonderful and kind man.
Great job Tim.
Forever loving on Gods people #myman #inlove
Tim fixed Florida ,great work @PFTCommenter
Good to see you getting some under study experience with @marcorubio for your future  #BornLeader #ThursdayThoughts
@ChantelMcCabeGC maybe we should have gone to the Keys this weekend
Fake Christians attracted to each other, kind of like flies on shit.
You are an inspiration!  Thanks for all you do and showing the love of Christ!
Marco Rubio is the biggest coward in America
Yes, Yes. Run for office Tebow. I would vote for you. You have a heart filled with love for our Savior and compassion for your fellow human.
Everyone needs a Tebow in their City of Florida, great job and thanks for helping our great state #GatorGirlsRock
Tim, really appreciate all you do. But @marcorubio has hurt US so much this year. All while using the Bible & acting against it.
Maybe Tebow's compassion and love for mankind will rub off on Rubio, and Rubio will vote no on Graham/Cassidy. What are the chances?
You make us so proud.  You are a true reflection of our Lord
But what do you do when the cameras AREN'T rolling Tim?  #ringshollow
Still serving as an example of what young men should be!
You will never see Tebow disreppecting  America in any way. Thanks to a real man
Florida will need humanitarian aid from other countries if you vote to pass this healthcare bill Marco! #Willwork4Koch
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
You are such a blessing!!
Heb 6:10 God is not unjust; he will not forget your work & the love you have shown him as you have helped his people & continue to help them
praying for them. its been challenging for them and now looters are everywhere. Thank you for what you are doing!
Hi, Timmy! Good for You - You Are the best! Hope it's going well. Missing You! Lots of Love and Prayers!
Nice job Tim to spend the day there.
Awesome display of kindness and service. Never a victim who is looking for something in return.
Thak you Tim for lifting spirits in the Florida Keys!
Keep up the good work.
Howdy Timmy!!  Way to go!!! Keep up the good work!!! Awesome!!!  You are always looking for ways to serve!!
Prays are crossing the oceans for you guys, God bless FL 
You truly are a man who lives his faith. Your legacy will be greater than being on the playing field. Bless you!
We love and appreciate your heart of servitude to share the love of our savoir
Once again leading by example. Fine job.
