
@VP the NASA VP!
So what's ur maning faces instrutter say for the world
We're gonna need to scrub AF1 & AF2 to get all the hate and bigotry out when you two American nightmares finally get out.
So what they had to fumigate after the Obamas
Sure. #GrabEmByThePussy
Here for ending this kappa equally up wimans rights
Which is ur meleses if you like
I got ur Kay and sitter so I got the Kat to unlock a different way
Make the wiman kids safe equally up wimans rights
they are trying to take over our country and you are letting them
Spose Obama or Hillary did exact things your admin is doing. You'd be ok w/that ?The collusion,voter registry,healthcare, EPA? YOU LIE MIKEY
I believe those 2 crooked Dems did do those things @ more
DEARSIR.IMHAPPYUTOOKAPHOTOTOGRTHER. NICE PLANE.. IM HUNGRY & CANTEATCOMPUTERSCREENSWPHOTOS.ITDOESMENOGOOD. IVEBEENFEEDINGEVERYBODYNOWCANTEAT
Hey @VP tell your free loader flight buddy FLORIDA WANTS TO TALK.
Sipal
As matrices saves
Here for national anthem
@VP ask Rubio how Harris is doing & why 
He would support Senate RES-118

Ask Rubio why he is a @GOP ?
I hope Rick Perry calculated your fuel requirements. "Oops"
Can you find out if this true??? I hope not  @VP  @POTUS  #MAGA
Yes, I just googled and here's something from @PamelaGeller
I hope  it won't become law  Muhhamed followers are the ones who will use this against US questioning #ShariaLaw and it's founders 
This is not good at all.
To billd the hisbtetal
It working to will for me sire
I understand I have a bad record but don't judge me for it that's part of forgiveness past. Nobody's Perfect we're all sinners ...
Corrupt opportunists destroy the integrity of the government.
I hope there is good lumbar support in those seats

#spineless
Bet u have it too right

A pic o f obama. Looks just like him snicker & all
Lock in sire
All got to do is set you somethings like a MHs foudashon and make it free to stat
What gives you the rights to billd the hisbtetal
Ur rever now
I'm holding ur uman rights
As nation of ur maning faces instrutter
https://twitter.com/Navsteva/status/885089002994401280 … #Syriahoax @VanessaBeeley

Sour grapes from the losers
Well done, Mr. Vice President!  We need to get back into space!  The country needs to get excited and united again!  Space is the place!
Well, now that @POTUS has restarted the National Space Council that trip is entirely possible and I'd be glad to sign up!!  Come along, Pat.
Hey mmmmm you do know space travel requires science, maybe A little prayer. Mostly science.  Better get w/ @Bettydevos b4 she home schools
a GAY man who was tormented by Christians built computer to help home schooled Christians calculate orbital motion. Ironic, do ya think !?
Does Rubio at least respect you?
Paranoid Disorder! Pence can take your place. At least some GOP are humble towards all men; these are the Winners! God sees everything!!
You think these people are Christians?  That's the funniest thing I've read all day...
Adding ur rever now billeting ur hisbtetal
For the next generation

oh Jesus take the wheel!   Is Marco sharing biblical quotes?
The stench must be unbearable
Probably not no dems & Libs on the plane
Did anyone tell @realDonaldTrump that "Space Council" *isn't* about finding a place for @potus after @putinrf moves in to the Oval office?
Gr8 to see ya all together.  @VP Glad your trip to Montana during National Law Enforcement week back in April I believe God bless y'all
Wasted money
I didn't think you gentlemen believe in scientists..  FYI..  #NASA is full of them and guess what, they believe in #climatechange
Pence a vile hate filled racsit and anit-Christian who works against the law and the Bible
Look at the traitors smiling and laughing.
@marcorubio @NASAKennedy @POTUS 
Pretty cush life if you ask me!!
Private jets and private meetings w ppl who work for the govt!
Do we really need to spend billions on going to another planet Mr. VP? Aren't there more important issues regarding human lives at stake?
And why were you touching stuff labeled "Do not touch"?
Just another couple @GOP payasos...
I thought that Ivanka was VP.   Who knew?
But Rubio just tweeted against @realDonaldTrump
Did Trump make you lengthen your tie to make his appear normal?
Perhaps the more important discussion you should be having with POTUS is his selling our country out to PUTIN or are you doing so too? 
Your priorities are so fucked up.  This planet needs serious help.  #wasteofspace



The wolves in sheeps clothing Jesus warned you about!
watch out he's a rino.
Adorable
Another military hole you plan to throw our money into as you gut the things that make this nation great. For shame! You sold your souls.
Is this the "B" Team?

Not while I draw breath.
I could get used to this, Mike!
Pence and Rubio will be out on their ear very soon.
2 peas in a pod...a rotten pod!
Why Marko Rubio and Neo-Cons hate so much Russian people ? because we are Christians by Faith and ethics
No wonder the Neoliberals hate & demonize Putin - take a listen to this!
https://twitter.com/JPY_Kurdish/status/812759470669529088/video/1 …

Marco , thank you for making all of proud in Florida , especially the New second generation exile community !! God bless this country & lede
To mark restoration of normal relations with USA, Rossiya is happy to offer Soviet military flag to Marko Rubio and John McCain
Dear Mr VP ask Mr Rubio about Colombian (illegitimate) President...you will be surprised how close of US there are NarcoTerrorist...
Please stop resolution 257!!!!
Glad to see Marco too my advice about going back to Florida and shutting the Fu**-up!
Bring the Space Shuttle out of retirement!! #MAGA
#pedoPence
Rubio crossed and broke the 1st amendment act! How can he do that? How did you let him do that? Our most important freedom! I'm disgusted!

Why? He passed a law forbidding us to tell what Islam is. It's not good,  so how can he consciously do that? How can you sit with him?
Traitor to his roots Rubio you mean
is he going to be your VP?
oh, no!! save us please!!
Don't press any buttons no matter what Marco says.
Isn't #MarcoRubio great! I'll bet you had a great day! ThankYou for being such an optimistic person @MikePenceVP  #Love4America
Republicans r all traitors. Anyone who supports or enables T will regret it. But it seems u feel invincible. Russia fixed next race too?
Is Rubio catching on?  lol
Let's get Rubio onboard!!! Need him to stop being so nice to the Lefties that want to flush the American Dream!
So glad to see reentry into the space program. Obama handed it to RUSSIA, HILLARY GAVE THEM URANIUM SO WHO COLLUDED?
You are a great example to Marko Rubio; we love his scripture filled tweets! May God direct him in his position as Senator.
We're proud of you Mr. Vice President!  GOD gave you to our beloved President Trump; you serve HIM quietly & strong in heart! BLESSINGS Sir
@marcorubio @NASAKennedy @POTUS save stem programs for schools
Looking Great both of you!! Hope you had a successful day
Good to know what's happening directly from the source. Thank you...
you were with "little Mario"? That's what the president of the United Stares of America called him.
You and the other empty suit are a disgrace
Sire
Sipal
You know that involves science, right?
Two turds on a plane which one is more mean spirited?
Sen Rubio will be very key to the success of the Republican Party.
Sucking up hard mr Rubio
Wow, two actively anti-science cartoons going to the place that practically invented rocket-science. What a dichotomy...

#Duh
Please stop tweeting. We don't care where you are or going. You turned your back on the American people.
Space is great. Lots to discover, lots to invent for the world. BUT we need those 10 judges just nominated to get through the senate.
Rubio begging for more Federal money?
Hard to launch something with no money written as a worthless EO. Make believe accomplishments are your specialty apparently.
Thank You @VP . Shake things up!  Please help us return to the sanity of Self Reliance and Individual Responsibility.
You can swap Bible verses.
Tell "little Marco" to grow some courage and attend a town hall.  #Coward

Kind of like having an empty suit with you huh?
Vomit


Rubio sold out to @realDonaldTrump. Remember when Trump said his father was involved in JFK assassination?
Whatever you could talk about, I'm shocked by this picture: do you really have to show where Americans money goes? (plane vs health plan)
#MAGA!!!!!! 
VP Pence we need you to visit Auburn Alabama.
Why doesn't your invisible space wizard fly you and your pet around?
Got you a new boyfriend!
Two feckless fools on a plane. Lovely.
I wish you both would stay out of Florida
Smaller desk...  poor guy.  You're a good trooper.
I would keep the ignorant clown trump before having pious pence in charge. Perhaps Pious Pence could be put into lunar orbit in 2018
Dont trust that snake for one second Mr VP!
Love it
Trumps going to be the president who tried to invade other planets now.
C
Flying in #2 is a fitting tribute to two giant steaming piles of . We all know you two don't believe in science & you can't pray us to Mars

RUBIO IS A TRAITOR HAS ALWAYS BEEN A BACKSTABBING FORKED TONGUE LIAR
we are glad?
I remember, how "nice" Rubio was to our president.
It w/b better to have sen. cruz with u
both... <3
Did you offer @SenatorRubio the job of VP once @realDonaldTrump is impeached?
A)What r u doing with little Marco B)All your tweets should be about Prez trip  C)pass HC bill..
While the cat is away? What does Rubio have to do with the Space Council anyway.
Toss him out! 


Doing the most for America. Thank you for all that you do to make America great again.
Did you discuss how he trashed our free press and intel agencies in Europe today.  This must stop!!
Did you call him little marco?
Little Marco!
Sometimes you have to work w/ people you don't like or trust.
Rubio is one of them. I would NEVER vote for him.
It's strange that a group of people who don't believe scientists would go to NASA
Not a good association.
WOW . Two sell outs in one plane,
Lil' Marco! Did he get some captain's wings?
Rubio needs to get to work on his districts economic gain to pay down this deficit under the expertise of a buisness!!!
Trump is a Billionaire with great experience in deficit rebuild...Rubio needs to get behind the GOP...to beat this deficit! #GOLDLEAFBW
I will be beaming my mikeROCKS$$$ music BACK to space SOON for the ASTRONAUTS! Sorry its been awhile @MusicMakerJam account is REACTIVATING?
President Pence soon!   trump is crazy!
Is that what you are bribing him with to get him to support destroying #healthcare?
Oh look...a class trip.
What a joke. Now he is Senator Rubio do you remember when he was Little Marco. No self respect.
Please tell him Thanks for getting Rid of the Risk Corridors and  screwing the ACA we wonder why it's broke? No. We know why. GOP is why
You need to tell Marco, that HR 18 & HR 25 are repulsive! I can't believe he had the nerve to submit them, these need to go!
Look at little Rubio. Does he need a booster chair and pacifier for the flifht? #maga
Hard at work
