Hey...Aren't you a climate denier?
Don't YOU support a party that denies climate is the issue?
Get on the RIGHT side of science dude.
Uncle Rico says....
How about people dying in nursing homes because @fpl can't act fast enough!
This nursing home, run by Larkin Hospital has been cited before, fined $15 M
Follow the money..   would Marco send his Mommy there?  Ans.  Depends how much he could make out if the deal.
Ur saying Marco wouldn't send mom bc he couldn't make money? And what does that have to do w 6 senior deaths at nursing home? I'll wait..
Big breath,.  Pheeeeeeeew...

Both major parties are now owned by the corporations.

Marco is a pimp for the Corporations thus all relating.
GOD BLESS YU Marco #1
This is a fake account right?
My account isnt fake
Then your pic is pretty hideous.   I'll pray for you.
Go to Washington tell yo ahole friend at the big house why taxes and revenue matter. Now  all of u are lined up to spend
Marco- just use some of your bible quotes- that should fix it.
We cannot forget how you've neglected your constituents and have chosen only speak out on non-controversial issues. #senatorobvious
We cannot neglect the impact that hail has on our wheat crops in the Midwest.  So which is more important.  Wheat or oranges?
Thank you, Senator! Citrus & Cattle are backbone agriculture economic drivers. The best growth mgmt plans are viable ag businesses!
Thank you for speaking up on behalf of the devastation of FL agriculture. They need their livelihood and we rely on them for food.
perhaps you should reconsider your position on Climate Change sir
Lololo
Please don't ignore the impact of global warming.
Tell me something Buddy how do you control the axis of the Earth how do you control the wobble of the Earth how do you control
You do it daily by denying that climate change is real
Climate change is garbage cause global warming and global cooling didn't work

So they went with a bogus mean nothing term
The acknowledge climate change is real because this is going to get worse
Or climate change but whatever 
How do you control solar flares

How do you control the decomposition of biomass all over the surface of the Earth

Gee Marco - if only we were warned by something - maybe science could help? Praying didn't seem to keep the storm away!
So u need tax dollars to help yo people.  I thought taxes were bad
Donate the produce to Floridians needing food right now better than these $8 Red Cross meals...https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10209879656169612&set=a.10205790143934362.1073741827.1279691096&type=3&theater&comment_id=10209879678770177&notif_t=feedback_reaction_generic&notif_id=1505352517617281 …
YOU AND MCCAIN ARE THE POSTER BOYS FOR TERM LIMITS
Aren't you brave. Standing up to Irma.
Climate Change!
Thank you Marco for looking after Florida and its interests!
How by telling everybody what they already know?
Do you like Ted,s porn?
You do realize that AG has some of the Worst Paid jobs in the state.  Cmon Marco, try, not pandering to Big Ag's owners, for once.
PLEASE!!! We prayed instead of $200 billion in damage we got less than $50 billion...go back to reading your BIBLE verses.
How about not neglecting sensible #GunControl. 2A was not intended for any idiot to get a gun http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/shooting-reported-washington-state-high-school-article-1.3493207 … #DoYourJob
Grab some water. You look thirsty.
Then back hemp and cannabis!  Open the market!
Wow that was quick Marco how much did Florida oranges are you
We also can't neglect the negative impact Congress is doing to the citizens of this great country.
We cannot neglect #ClimateChange
Climate change! Oh forgot! You Republicans don't believe in science and want to return us all to the good ole medieval times!
@MiamiHerald We cannot neglect the impact Rubio is having on our healthcare. He votes against healthcare every time. Votes with Trump 96%.
Maybe you should rethink your position on climate change and work to enact legislation that would work to reverse it.
Y not? U've neglected the impact burning fossil fuels has on making hurricanes more severe and common? Gonna wake up & heed science?
Resign!
Blame the fake climate change phenomenon.
Yeah. My pumpkin plants I worked on all summer are destroyed. Managed to save some of my corn though.
Take it from the sugar subsidies runt.
Climate change. Climate change. Climate change. 
Stop neglecting the science.
The only ones to vote against hurricane aid have been Republicans
I'm sure you're just sick with worry.
Awww, poor Little Marco is crying for the rich landowners and citrus growers which are well insured and will collect billions in claims.
You help the most when you give us a Proverbs verse than when you help clear a road off debris... keep preaching!
"And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a little Marco void of understanding". ~ Proverbs 7:7
We cannot neglect the impact #agriculture & #bigsugar has on our natural resources, the Everglades, water quality & #climate
Still a Science denier little Marco?
@FLGovScott @RosLehtinen @LincolnDBalart @MarioDB 
¡Reapareciste cubanito! I know, all that rain and wind in Miami. Mira pá eso. How was DC?
you look thirsty!
We are Florida Strong!
Keep up the good work Senator. Doesn't FL have another Senator?
Very True # Please Do Not Help The Pedofiles #
Well maybe you should talk to your your co-workers about the reality of climate change.... if not you are not serving Flotida well...
Warmer Oceans -> Bigger and more powerful hurricanes.  It is time our elected officials respect science.
And how in hell can you support it denying climate worming and deporting immigrants???
No bible panting? No John? No Luke? No Matthew?
You embarrassing sell-out. Folksare homeless, people dying in nursing homes, old people have no power and all you talk about business?
Why are you crying all the time?
Agreed...but people are still dying. So focus sir.
Praying for them and their recovery.
Uhhhhh, climate change? Step up Marco.
So maybe denying clinate change & walking out of Paris Accords have been dumb ideas
#preach
I believe that you guys will fail on relief for the hurricane that hit Florida.
@marcorubio what about the tourism industry?
U are talking like an outsider to Washington. What effort have u made to fixed d issue is my own concern.....
Do you believe in #ClimateChange? It's a yes or no question...
If he said yes, what the hell would it change?!
"...with senator Nelson and ME". You wouldn't say you were "with I". grammarmatters#
Our agriculture industry is heavily impacted by ineffective immigration policies more than weather. Stand up to @realDonaldTrump and fix it.
Your Washington office doesn't know how you voted on WAR today.
Oh. Apparently you didn't?
And what does your being there telling us this accomplish little Marco?
*climate change.
Marco in the fields!  He's a house type no?
Time for Florida to begin state taxes instead of depending on federal government
Spoken like a leftist.
Also, see climate change and its impact on Florida's agriculture industry
DACA kids are no Americans unless they become legal. Other than that they have no rights or should have any benefits as Americans
And the immigration situation in Florida needs to stop. And actually concentrate on the American  all DACA kids need to man up
And surely they have you in their pocket!
Florida does nothing for the elderly the least they can do is tell FPL to get the power restored what they are doing in criminal
All the seniors without power in little Havana.  Why don't you get on FPL's back and tell them to do their job
climate change!!!???
Then stop being a#ClimateDenier & create legislation with Longevity. U were going to leave politics. Blow off special interest groups & LEAD
Write on!

Excellent!!! Please do not forget the Promised tax reform plan Mr Senator
Add to this the loss of tourism due to Irma and Trump
Wait..people stop visting Florida because of Trump? What connection am I missing?
Yeah but why belabor the obvious?
Marco Polo!
Does Texas not affect the economy?  Where are the stats on that
Yes, employs 3,000 illegals. But that's OK because no Americans would take those jobs.
This is a tragedy for all who lost their homes and lives along with their businesses. Will farmers be given assistance??
Yep. It's #Irma this year and then Nedward Rodolfo, next year and so on. & it's not going to just be Hurricanes. Until you address #change.
Let's give the Ag industry some welfare to rebuild. The hell with the people.
Suck it up @marcorubio . You voted in favor of the climate denying administration so now it is your problem.
Guest worker visa sounds like a good deal to get all the necessary work force for Florida at this time, right?
It's caused by the Weather Phenomenon That Dare Not Speak Its Name. (We're really too cheap to save ourselves.)
♡♡♡
Get ready for Dust Bowl 2.0 Marco!
CLIMATE CHANGE
What likely caused irma
Good thing you avoid confronting climate change, you profoundly useless man child
If only we had cheap labor to work on these crops
