Marco.get on board. You will never get elected for President by always separating  yourself in order to stand out to get noticed 
Glad to hear it. Let's talk @ real healthcare, laws that separates immigrant parents from their US children, and LGBT equality laws.
They should have started citizenship by now. But ICE is only removing illegal criminals. Get your facts straight
Parents of US children, married to US spouses are being deported. Not criminals. What good comes from tearing these families apart?
They should have started becoming A citizen as soon as they married a citizen. Again FACT CHECK liberals. Only criminals being deported
Oh Iris.....The Scot in me thinks you just don't like "them".
You are probably right.
What about American rights? Healthcare, net neutrality, free speech, fair elections, transparency in leadership & a gov free of corruption?
We should not try to impose our culture on other countries.
Problem is he talks big but is a coward
Like most politicians, but he's saying the truth
I agree I was just disappointed cause he seemed to get some guts now he is afraid to go to town halls 
Well people needs to let him know and try and pressure him and other politicians, like we try to do here. Doing marchs etc.
Yup!! Not giving up!
Never!
Who's talking about #Venezuela and #Cuba
America needs to fix it's own mess with rights before dictating other countries. Go try giving a speech at Berkeley, see what happens.
NOT 1 WORD FROM YOU ABOUT SETH RICH. Your Republican base on social media is working everyday for #JusticeforSethRich. WHY ARE YOU SILENT?
Because it's a fake story to detract from Russia and REALLY HURTS HIS FAMILY... Do some REAL research
Stand up for American principles of freedom, human rights, equality. Stop the selfish criminal path of this president.
support our @POTUS because he seems to be the ONLY one walking the talk! PS: if you want to keep job, keep distance from MCCain!
YOU IN CONGRESS REFUSE TO LISTEN TO WHAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT.
YOU IN #CONGRESS REFUSE TO FOCUS ON AMERICANS RIGHTS.
#ISTANDWITHTRUMP
Porque no publican las cuentas y propiedades de los magistrados chavistas para desenmascararlos
As far as I know, Venezuela, is no longer a cooperative nation with U.S, so how come there hasn't been any interest from the DOS 2 intervene
Coming from a Republican that believes only the Rich should have Healthcare..
Their money in your pocket seems sustainable
Yeah.  Except that China has existed since about 5000 BC.  So - -
I love #MarcoRubio's Moral Clarity! No more #HumanRights violations! ThankYou Senator for speaking out! #DoTheRightThing!
@realDonaldTrump gives a fantastic speech and you show up on Sunday shows & criticize him??  Seriously?? Just can't get over fact he beat u?
No one can
Mr. Rubio.... Is health not a human right? Only wealthy can live without losing their home and everything they worked for? Why can't you see
So explain why billions in weapons were just sold to a country that stops on human rights, U are such a hypocrite. Just hush
Colombia with Juan Manuel Santos fake peace violate Many human rights

Rubio has probably the least political courage of any politician I've ever paid attention to. It's actually amazing. https://twitter.com/JoyAnnReid/status/866281902688407553 …
U r irrelevant #TheResistance
Then fucking start here!
I believe Miami-Dade teachers need to be paid more! 10 years and still can't afford to move out of Mom's house. :( Sad!   Please help!
Human rights are American rights. You were elected to make sure Americans rights are protected aganist foreigners. You have FAILED horribly
You drive a hard bargain. Your bribery game is strong, but not as strong as @SenateMajLdr He got 2mill #DefundGOP
.@marcorubio PAC took $1 Million from Ukrainian businessman linked to oil co in #TrumpRussia dossier

#resist #theresistance #amjoy #trump 
Start by talking about the #HumanRights violation s happening in your country right now before lecturing others. #hypocrisy
America is one of them,sir.
This includes USA too. #Humanrights "Countries that violate their people's rights are not sustainable in the long term"
Pockets full of cash. He doesn't care about his constituents. Follow the money. He's a talker, not a person of action.
Hey little Capt. Obvious, let's gauge the effect of moral arguments...Right, zero.
Staging a performance is merely self serving.
You believe in human rights so.....much you have DONE NOTHING to help anyone but yourself. You are NOT FOOLING ANYONE WE ARE NOT STUPID.
What human right you support here in America? We have civil assets confiscation, brutality,  torture, no knock , no warrant search
You believe in human rights so......much you have DONE NOTHING to help anyone but yourself. You are NOT FOOLING ANYONE WE ARE NOT STUPID.
Russia and China not included?
You believe in human rights so......much you have DONE NOTHING to help anyone but yourself. You are NOT FOOLING ANYONE WE ARE NOT STUPID...
YOU IN CONGRESS REFUSE TO LISTEN TO WHAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT.
YOU IN #CONGRESS REFUSE TO FOCUS ON AMERICANS RIGHTS.
#ISTANDWITHTRUMP
ALL countries around the world since the beginning of time have violated human rights. YOU IN #CONGRESS REFUSE TO FOCUS ON AMERICANS RIGHTS
Rubio endorsed trump. Let that sink in*
You mean Lil' Marco endorsed him....
Speak publicly all you want just don'rt bring the bastards here.
You say things that make sense then lack the fortitude to follow thru and at the end you support the abominable.

Senator Rubio - please look at the Web site "National Popular Vote" it's trying to do away with Electoral College
You talk abt human rights!What abt PresidentTRUMPS rights by the despicable American CRACKPOT MEDIA? His rights violated daily!
Support Women's Right to Choose  & LGBT or you're just blowing hot air.  #hypocrite
How do you feel about Saudi Arabia? Israel? The United States? Trump?
What are you and McCain doing? Playing tag team against Trump? The election is over & you are NOT POTUS. #Republicanmyass
its not your business to tell us how to live in our life when u accepted guy married u must respect our choice bitch
Really? Start with America first.
Is America on that list? Are able bodied seniors going to have to work yo get their SS?
Then do it, Marquito!  Work for us. Do your job. Quit yakking & actually man up & represent all of us. Ur hypocrisy reeks!
I don't think you wold of say any things regarding that had you wan the presidente
Marco, will only say or do what Republicans tell him to say. His big money comes from big money, their paid puppets!
ALERT ALL REPUBLICANS..A MESSAGE FROM YOUR BASE WHO ELECTED YOU
WE LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP & SUPPORT HIM 100%. SUPPORT HIM OR YOU'RE FIRED
We have to get #Vets n regular Americans to run against them in primary tired of Attorneys ect. #MAGA
We're watching and we have begun to vote. We won't stop now. The days of low voter turnout are ending. No more apathy.
Como ocurre en VENEZUELA. ««S.O.S. VENEZUELA»»
Great idea!  Why don't you start with women in your own country?
YOU IN CONGRESS REFUSE TO LISTEN TO WHAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT.
YOU IN #CONGRESS REFUSE TO FOCUS ON AMERICANS RIGHTS.
#ISTANDWITHTRUMP
LOOK STRAIGHT IN THE MIRROR BLAME YOURSELF WHY TRUMP WILL SERVE 8 YEARS.WE NEED TO RUN THIS COUNTRY LIKE A BUS.IF U DON'T MEET GOALS UR OUT
ALL countries around the world since the beginning of time have violated human rights. YOU IN #CONGRESS REFUSE TO FOCUS ON AMERICANS RIGHTS.
Thanks for supporting our President while he is out of the Country little girl
Why is it that you are on the immoral side of any issue? You support the powerful & wealthy. It is imperative that you not be reelected.
Stand against this budget. Children, the disabled, people who need food stamps, all of our most fragile citizens lives will be devastated.
You are so worried about people in other countries but are willing to devastate your own citizens. This budget cut is absolutely immoral.
The President needs ur support... U got mine in 2016...Our country is depending on his sucess
Like in Saudi Arabia? Or what about women's health/reproductive rights here in the US?
How about we mind our own business for a change. Look at all the violence and idiocy we have here with the leftists. Who wants that?
Thats right. So why you & your party back trump he is making sure we dont have rights 
Yes they should speak about that
Really? #turnout2018
you mean like Saudi Arabia
Unless it's about a foreign power that hacked our election and put a sociopath in the oval with who you vote in lockstep with. #hypocrite
No Marco, human rights don't matter if there is a great deal and a lot of $$$ to be made #donaldtrumpsamerica 
Addressed. But that is why he was voted president and you were not. Even I saw that! Why could you not have seen that?
Should run their country he would have been shut down immediately. Once he has there trust, those other issues can be...
i think He addressed human rights first and foremost stop the killing
POTUS: "This is not a battle between different faiths...this is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life."
Human rights. He was there to unify the leaders for one cause about terrorism. If he went in there dictating how they ..
You know Marco, Jake Tapper set you up perfectly to make you look ridiculous. The POTUS was not there about...
Stop campaigning Marco, your ship has sailed.
Really call other countries out? You don't have the spine to call Dem's out. Get real!
Ooo, little Marco. You in big trouble.

Making enemies on both sides, I see. 

Not good.
Sorry, you have lost all credibility with me for blinding backing Devos and 45. Horrendous agenda for the Am people. For the rich
You are not president! Trump did an excellent job with his speech! Quit believing a backstabbing senator
Your a trader I'm sorry I voted 4 you I hope you know you are done
It's traitor . A trader, trades things.
This mission was for starting a better dialogue about terrorism. I don't think a lecture will change minds, stabilization&modernizing is key
So tell us @marcorubio what exactly you meant when you said "people got what they voted for"? How bout elaborating on that?

Well POTUS just sold them millions of dollars worth of guns and bombs so I don't think he cares about human rights? Or women's rights.
I have al few ways believed that the US should stand up for human rights. So I endorse this statement,thank you senator for speaking out
Really how old is Saudi Arabia?
Tks.  Now speak up for those of us who voted for President Trump.  We are sick of hearing about Russia and other fake news.
Don't get me wrong I stand with our president but damn I wish you hadn't dropped out!
So then why give them $100 Billion in weapons and business deals? #sauditrip
until Americans  rights are respected stay out of others
hey take care of Florida that's what we elected you to do
we need to take care of America stay out of others business
You couldn't stop Obama and you won't help Trump. WHAT GOOD ARE you
Yes! It's a shame @POTUS said he won't critique other nations that violate #humanrights.
Minus marriage equality + healthcare, Marco "same sex marriage is not a Constitutional right" Rubio? Remember this:
dude there is no trump russia issue, just say it !
mr. rubio please understand... no one is shocked, we are sickened.  and even more so that republicans have rolled over and been silent.
How absurd for Little Marco to advocate for human rights everywhere but in America. Shame on @GOP.
Agreed. Let's start at home
Trump violates basic #HumanRights in US, how can he speak out about Middle East human rights violations? They aren't paying him to do that.
Perhaps Mr. Rubio should read John 8:7, then, after we have eliminated poverty, racism, inequality, we'll go out and lecture the wider world
Well this awkward considering @POTUS is in a country which violates human rights constantly. #shade
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage congress gets.
Is taking health coverage away from the neediest in our country a violation of people's rights???
"defeating terrorism and the ideology that drives it" which encompasses a broad spectrum of issues as well.
Note how he talked about the oppression of women being wrong, encouraging tolerance, respect, empowering women?
Do you berate the builder, then tell them 2 put the roof on the house, all before the foundation is laid? BTW, did you read/hear the speech?
You do know that the US is on some shaky ground there since you have the highest incarceration rate in the world right? Rocks& glass houses
And yet you have abs NO prob helping the @GOP violate OUR rights to affordable healthcare, or actual tax reform to benefit non-rich.
Orb was awesome!
Worry about United States stability before you go preaching. Under your leadership we twenty trillion in debt.
It's kind of a bullshit statement to say what you "believe" when you're a hypocrite without morals.
Support our President and stop worrying about how you look!!! Political correctness =cowerd!!!
Talking to the #fakenews & aligning yourself with traitors like McCain, while the President is out of the country no less = your downfall.
Speak about your drug connections, @marcorubio
He's the president. You are not. There's a good reason for that. He is doing more for human rights at home and abroad than you ever could.
Really?!?! As your President is. Ring hailed by one of the worst human rights offenders.
I suggest u get behind our president. Grow up if u want voted back in,
Why is this idiot holding office, oh wait he's a republican
Who r ignoring this they r just trying to play politics with everyone?They hold no credibility & responsibility.
When will you apply these insights to your constituents in your country!!!!???
Countries who deny women autonomy over their bodies are not sustainable in the long term. Clearly, you are fucking our women. Shame on you.
Im a Democrat and im proud of him for standing up as a civil servants of America
fact is humanrights&freedom are rules of christain religions not muslim,hindu,etc...does laws of land superseed the persons religion?
Cuba is the main one but you know that since "ever"; what did you do about that?
@marcorubio ....support your party and your President. We expect nothing less from you. Dont be a coward.
Little Marco did you not hear Tillerson disinvow  our human rights stance. Honestly, time for you to shutthefuckup.
#chargethomascruppenink
So the USA isn't sustainable?  You must be missing your hero, DJT?  Poor little Marco trying to look like a leader.
We must help the people of Syria.....
You talk like the castro brother your way or the hiway. You are another rino im a cuban that suport the President of usa and never vote f u
Making business with so many countries around the world which have serious human right violations but still pro blocade for Cuba
When was last time you spoke up about human rights for the american citizen or refugees ?
We love our President. We have no regrets that we voted for him. Trump/Pence '2020
What about human trafficking right here in FL, Senator? What about a living wage for agricultural workers right here in FL? <crickets>
Sigh, eye roll
TE AMO!!
Are you under the impression that anyone takes you seriously?
So what is your stand, see talking out both ends, U like what Trump is doing results in private no matter what? Or public on rights abuses?
worry about our country...stop pandering
healthcare is a human right - practice what you preach - your policies are not sustainable in the long term
want a reply.  Anonymous, third party innuendo doesn't cut it for a Senator to waste his time - change subject to progress being made.
Currently, the repub party may not be sustainable if they don't start coming together and get behind Pres Trump. Demand MSM use facts if

You "believe" nothing "Little Marco". Well, except for massive tax breaks for oligarchs and big business. #spineless
Tell me how many. People with no money crated a job
Is Saudi Arabia one of those countries?
Well said! What about countries that have fraudulent elections? Parties that promote #corruption? #democracy #unhackthevote #TrumpRussia
How bout us not violating human rights. How bout you showing some loyalty to the voters who put you there and Trump. Stop taking whatever
Sleazy gossip, Innuendo the MSM/Democrats dish out. Show some damn fight. You have been the receiving end of that sleaze, how soon u forget
You were a disgrace on tv today. No guts to say the entire scenario about trump and the Russians is way out of control
One step at a time, Marco 
There is nothing wrong with trump it's the rest of u get it! You don't want this country to succeed! Your true colors were exposed in run.
China???? What is it now....5,000 or 6,000 years?
Democrat Harvard professor says attacks on trump baseless. Inferring that your a political opportunist. And you say?
The leader of your party is speaking in a country that doesn't recognize most rights for women.
Did u try to talk to trimp about going to Saudi Arabia the infringes the rights of woman as law. He didn't mention that in his speech
When will speak up and support your President against the violations of his rights to govern without the lies being hurled at him by media
#Venezuela help please help !
Really. And wat of Country's who, "still" surpress people's human rights: rights to b free from being gunned down by law enforcement, etc..,
Does that include trump's assault on human rights here?
What about human rights here in America? Our president is violating those with his policies on minorities.
God knows what it cost us "privately" with Egypt and China.
Neither are countries whose government lets people die for lack of health care while selling their water to foreigners but hey...
Well said Senator. Plz add to the list DRC @MuyamboKyassa
So...you are against people being brutally murdered for being gay or trans then. Glad you agree.
HOW CAN WE DO THIS WHEN OUR CZAR IN WH KEEPS INVITING AND SUPPORTING THE DICTATORS IN THE WORLD! 
SHAMEFUL! SHAMEFUL!
All human rights from conception to the grave.
