Childcare is a major expense for American working families. This Admin. is focused on creating policy solutions to enable them to thrive!
Do please help POTUS be sensitive to the use of the word "Americans".  America goes from the North Pole to the South Pole.
As a teacher I was taught that more basic concepts, & also values, are learned during preschool or early childhood ages than after age six.
Tax reform must charge more on capital income and less on labour income. Do you have the cojones to make this change happen? #democracy
Capital income comes from monies already taxed. Why punish success?
From each according to his ability, to each according to his need. Does this make sense to you? It does to me.
Not really. Who decides who gets and needs what? You seem to like dictators. #CommunistSlogansExposed
Well, in a democracy, the people elect leaders who should represent their interests and run things to  best serve the people. Good, no?
You best serve the people by preserving their freedom and not imposing the slavery of communism. We own the fruits of our labor. Not others'
If most Americans agree with you, then that is what you should have. I believe a lot of people would rather have social programs.
Poor Marco! Isn't that what Trump called you. Pathetic is what you are.
Living in El Salvador, I realize how even conservatives object to the use of the word "Americans" only for citizens of the USA.
And this, I guess is how @IvankaTrump achieves her goals: "I try to stay out of politics." LOL. #Fail Go steal some shoe designs. #LockHerUp
Marco Menso did you drink the wine? Pendejo
You can lie to voters, lie even to yourselves, but many of us are bearing witness and will testify.
Remind me again, who elected Ivanka?
What a joke you two are... not one step taken so far has done anything other than to help rich people pay fewer taxes.
Asskisser!!!
IT'S STRANGE THAT @MARCORUBIO  HASN'T COMPLAINED ABOUT THE #CUBA MANDATES BY @realDonaldTrump  THAT ARE GOING TO AFFECT MANY PEOPLE. PFFT!!
Omg Ivanka working on tax reform, what are they teaching her, giving her lessons. I can't believe the idiot has in his cabinet
It would be nice if POTUS could mention that we have no "gentilicio" in the United States in English.  "Estadounidense" is ok in Spanish.
Yeah, kill enough kids and their mothers and childcare costs will go down #AHCA.
What does @IvankaTrump know about working families?
I know cut corporate tax so your govt will be bankrupt within max 18 months and have $0 to spend on community services. That will do it.
No worry USA Is gettg closer to becomes CUBA #2or Russia#2 depends GOP pick! Poor die slowly  
Rich getting taxes break!
"WATERBOARDING" Trump Russia info and the truths will come out!
#taxreform ... when you go progressive with taxes, you might not have as many filthy rich individuals but you won't have a filthy society..!
http://www.perfar.eu/policy/family-children/sweden … ... at the end of the day, it really is a unified collective thought toward building a non-desperate public reality.
do you believe having "a fraction of a fraction" filthy rich individuals creates a non-desperate public reality or removing the filthy does?
hint: breaking the backs of working families so a few individuals attain a "filthy" rich status won't create a non-desperate public reality.
when the aim of public policy targets a "how low can we go" notion with the top-line, public services suffer and the public get desperate..!
u work in the public's house. u're the public's servant w/ policy-making. make economic policies benefitting the public's top-line interest.
#taxreform needs you to prioritize the public's purse. in a democracy, Robin Hood would think "progressive taxation" as good for the people.
You have both made me proud to be a citizen of the United States.  Keep up the good work and dignity.  Ignore the photo hype.
Please consider tax deductions for contributions to healthcare of parents who are elderly or who have debilitating physical challenges.  .
how about #livingwage
Raise the federal minimum wage. That would help. States should also raise them. NC minimum wage currently $7.50. Could you live on that?
Family leave ? How about healthcare that would pay for the delivery ? Take paid leave to deIiver at home ? Crazy .
as long as those who dont have kids dont have to pay for childcare for those who do...via their taxes.
Wish u would spend more time on Twitter talking about healthcare instead of Ivanka.  U tweet more about her than your bible verses.
Pro family healthcare would be great as well! This current bill is an assault on America!
I will believe it when I see it, just not Trump's style to care about families in my vision.
Hola Ivanka! Qué Bien! Saludos!
You lie you don't give a damn about the American people you have no idea how we have to struggle
Charity begins at home. Exodus 20:12. "Honor your father and your mother so that you may live long in the land the Lord your God.is giving u
My son's company gave him paternity leave when his 2nd son was born & they provide excellent health insurance for family.
so create policies that further promote a parentless daycare raised generation of children?
if you thought the meltdown riots caused by trump derangement syndrome were bad, you haven't seen anything yet!
children are best raised by their own parents, and any mom that puts their child in daycare to work out of the home should be ashamed.
Marco and Ivanka spitballing ideas to help the working people of America. Just ask those Indonesian textile workers. #westarvin
Its not just quality healthcare coverage. Its down sizing pharmaceutical companies&driving drug costs down.Never addressed on either side
Tax reform must be done before summer recess!
please, no more entitlements u rinos
Standup for women & demand changes to the HCA. Then maybe we would believe u care. Smh it must mean u r gettin something out of it
She supports HCA whoch makes having a vagina a pre-existing condition, so how can she turn around & act like she cares smh
How is @IvankaTrump even remotely qualified for this? What ideas did she share? Hope it wasn't the champagne popsicles again.
childcare was once more than my mortgage. Thats why i had my tubes tied after 2. Nothing they do will make it better they showed it in HCA
Am I seeing a little Marco - Ivanka romance going on here? People are talking...
Neither of you can solve the problem ina politically course ofState defies the first law thermodynamics can't ever work get it learn hook up
EXCELLENT 
Oh, and don't forget the millions of $$$ that will flow to Ivanka and the rest of the grifters in the WH.
who the hell chose Ivanka in the elections? People chose her father, NOT HER
Looked like you were kissing her or hugging her. Sad.
Its not tge governments job to provide child care
as you have back door meetings-denying millions of health care- you could care less about American families
Yes thank you!  Affordable childcare NOW especially for single WORKING parents! #SingleWorkingMom #theRealWonderwomen
Trump avoids taxes via bankruptcy credits=FAILURE! Ivanka makes open ended statements w/ no real results from her=FAILURE! FAILED family!
Do not subsidize anything else! Everything subsidized has explosive cost increase,& USA IS NOT SOCIALIST!
Ivanka will never understand struggles of a real working woman. She had always had daddy's money. She needs to trade places w/that real w.
This is bullshit. It's like asking my dog how to drive. Ivanka is useless and has no qualifications for a public position. Resign!!
Oh simple solutions really. Stop forcing mercury filled vaccines on kids. Ban GMO dna damaging food. Stop common core dumbing down. Easy.
I'm confused. Did we elect Ivanka? Oh I forgot...nepotism is the in thing in the swamp these days.
Care @ families?! #ACA
A meeting! What was done.  Talk
#MarcoRubio Thanks for always trying to help Americans! #ProFamilyTaxReform
I'm glad you're on board with MAGA Mr Rubio
Here is an idea.  How about talking with run of the mill mom's about this issue? Not one with a  nanny.
And doesn't have a clue what it like to live paycheck to payceck.
Do you know what else helps children thrive? Healthcare. Just sayin'
Just keep your heads in the game and we will have a better country in the end.
Wow Marco! Kiss up much? Why aren't you people asking why she is even there? What qualifies her other than daddy being president?
When did we vote @ivankatrump in office? What does she know about working family members that are not rich? Really?
Flat tax...  nobody exempt...  everybody has skin in the game.
How about 'pro-family' healthcare; aka healthcare for all. Everyone wants to be able to see Dr w/out going broke. Public option buy-in...?
Hugs, Marko #maga
So we can assume you're a complete Trump suck-up now, eh Lil Marco? Sad that you've lost all integrity.
What the hell does she know about tax policy?
Marco you are a train wreck. Did he have his water with him. Thank you Ivanka for trying to get some women issues addressed. He was using U
A flat tax.
Child labor anyone?
Tax reform needs to be for all Americans. Not just for working families. All are taxed and must be considered.
Healthcare is bigger issue and should come first!!!! Healthcare first then by all means Yes, childcare!!! PRIORITIES!! Get a grip!
Please get this done quickly!!
Ivanka doesn't know struggles of working families. She is privileged. She was not elected. Get someone who really knows. Ivanka out!

I'm over this. You won't lose your seat, you'll get voted in again, and you don't listen at all. It is such a hopeless feeling.
She's a New York liberal. Please, no more entitlements. We're already in debt and can't afford it.
FLORIDA stands w/ Marco & Ivanka Thank You!
Have no idea how Ivanka could have any idea what struggling families go through, maybe you should meet with some actual struggling families
Some random born rich businesswoman- NOT an economist. Pathetic. #Fliswatching #godownwithtrump
As a Mother of 3 Young Men Now, there Wasn't Anything like this when I Desperately Needed it. Many will be Helped Now. Thank You
i bet her IQ is higher than all three of these put together 
She is doing child care credit and looking for big tax break for Rich Rubio you are phoney too
Slurp, slurp, he says.
Nothing like more govt in our lives and more money out of our pockets. Rubio supporting Democratic big govt policy. Disturbing.
Yeah ! It still sounds like a lie.
Theres nothing "conservative " about this idea...nothing!  What's gotten into you, sir?  Did Bernie Sanders hijack your twitter account?
Hey little Marco clean your nose is a little bit brown
What did her daddy call you? Little Rubio or lying Rubio or something.
Ah, Little Marco - how soon we forget - this woman has no business being in the WH - you chose party over Country - pathetic
Senator Rubio we need congress move forward and start working on tax reform and health care for the American people. It's time to move on
How about giving fathers decent wages so mothers can stay home. Every woman I know would chose that regardless what society supposedly says.
We need to see to believe
Groveling much, Senator?
take ur father and leave D.C....then we can thrive , it's all smoke and mirrors ... he is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.
Thank you for working on these important issues for working families!
Estupido. Besandole las nalgas a esa mujer. Debes sentirte desconcertado.
You've betrayed your constituents @marcorubio. I once considered voting for you in 2020. Not now. I can't support Republicans anymore. Sad
Thank you for watching out for us!  
God Bless America! God Bless our Kids!
Maybe she can give us common folks advice on taking the subway, applying for college loans and saving for a down payment too #disconnected
Excellent progress!!!
Tax credits? Give me a BREAK. Keep your silly credits. We need VELOCITY OF MONEY in the economy, not accumulation! #RichBoy #LittleMarco
Need something to help out middle that cannot get child care subsidy & cant afford quality care. Tax breaks only help upper income.
Tweedle Dee and Tweddle Dum.... You are both in no position to discuss REAL working families. Neither of you are real! Both are entitled.
I think they are coporeal entities, but certainly not of the working family kind. It's amazing how they spout and the base laps it up.
What about the shortage of daycare in Florida -> high prices?
You know this is not normal!!  None of this is normal!!!  She was born into it and never had to work for it like most Americans!!
Lap dog Marco.
Little Marco is in love - always quick to compliment the presidents dingbat rich daughter

And you know so much about the political process. Can we go wrong
Suck up. Why don't u use some of that energy 2 do yr job and protect hlthcre for yr constituents. #resist
Sweet fancy Moses. Really?!
Oh My God really why does she have any position in the administration.  Tell me if this was Obama admin wld you be okay with nepotism?
This is awkward, wow can't believe I had respect for you little Marco , get off your knees
Childcare would be easier if didn't have to pay sky high insurance rates and other exorbitant medical costs
Marco Rubio voted for this
Well yeah, cuz involvement @3yrs old 2 Work Force (pre-k to 20) just isn't enough. Feds have 2 get involved right after birth! BIG gov-DADDY
Really?  WTF does she know about tax codes?  Come on. Be a real Senator. #AHCA needs to be seen, read, commented on. Leave the blonde home
Did you ask @IvankaTrumpabt the missing Chinese who were investigating her factory? 
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/102330616/ …
Marco .. Horrible Choices U Are Making With A Eussian Controlled President
How about meeting with your constituents  Time to 'man-up' and have town hall.
The level of stupidity in these comments is beyond the realm. What liars. Hypocrites. Sociopaths.
What on earth does she know
Dems: Give us your money. We'll provide free* childcare.
*ONLY for illegals & nonworkers. Overpriced  for everyone else. Substandard for all
Especially when you are only making 10 bucks an hour! Tax reform will do jack squat. People need livable wage.
Marco, glad you are coming around! How can you not enjoy working with such a beautiful AND intelligent woman?
Just a guess: give billions in tax breaks for the most wealthy
Like either of you have any clue what will benefit working families. Do you even know what it cost per week in pbcounty for childcare?!
Marco you couldn't be any more tragic at this point. Go review some of your debate statements. #americantraitor #pathetic #manup #impeach
As if... stick to champagne popsicles.
@SenRubioPress @IvankaTrump paying people to have children is not fiscal responsibility, just another #obama redistribution

Tax reform is how you're gonna provide child care? So it'll be like $50 bucks a year
Repealing the 16th amendment!! Now that's a tax reform plan.
How about admitting that a direct tax is unconstitutional? Held up by courts as such. Founders spoke ill of them. Repeal the 16th amendment
I think most Americans will believe it when they see it. The American family has been losing for so long. Both of u have zero clue about it
Maybe he got a 1/2 price made in China Ivanka purse...hey Marco - they are on clearance @tjmaxx
A clothes designer?
Ivanka, the lying apologist
Seriously? Really? Ivanka is your advisor? Oh no!!You really must be tucked in deeply in her daddy's pocket.
Marco. Ivanka can't help us. How about reaching across the aisle to your colleagues who ARE experts?
@marcorubio can't reach across anything with his head lodged firmly up the Trump keister.
We pay Rubio 2 meet with a person that has no knowledge about paying taxes or living paycheck2paycheckHe doesn't meet with his constituents?
But be sure to take away their health care! Hypocrites.
Did you stab her in the Back like you are doing to the Base of the Party?
On the flip side, health insurance premiums at 5x rates of others for seniors is un-thrive-able unlivable. Fix your plan Mr Rubio.
Marco Rubio keeping up the charade of a working government. #nopinchewall
Awkward 
Sad little Marco now has to suck up to all the Trumps.  Do you wipe her ass too?
So you have time to meet w #complicit @IvankaTrump but not your own constituents?
Because she is so familiar with struggles facing working families? That must have been a productive meeting. Meet with real working families
Reps need to get moving on obmacare and tax reform or your gonna get smashed in 2018. We need it done right and we need it done right now!
Take away healthcare, but, give a little for childcare. Or, was it about how to get the government to pay for nannies for the rich women?
Little Rubio has become quite the Trump kiss ass.
The irony of Rubio thanking Ivanka for tax reform ideas.  Ivanka needs to tell Rubio how far behind her company is on their taxes.
As important as that is, I'm more concerned about having healthy kids
Sr en este momento los grupos paramilitares del gobierno de maduro están asaltando la fiscalía de veras no van intervenir son un peligro
Oh right....like they really care about the folks who pay their living
No where in the constitution does it say that you have to pay taxes.. Right
What is your vote on the AHCA?? Floridians need to know!!
And where will the money come from?
There is nothing reliable in what they say;their inward part is destruction itself their throat is an open grave;they flatter w/their tongue
I guess you're drinking the entire family's kool-aid now?
This administration will not pass tax breaks for working class American.
How 'bout you start by crafting policies to help the folks who need it and not the millionaires who don't? #yourprioritiesarescrewedup
Well that twt went well!  When you both start working for wkg class instd of elites, things might look up. Until then, you're both FAKES
@CNN After the huge tax break to the rich with Trumpcare, you going to do the same again with tax reform!!?? They are going o love you two.
What income level you mean 200 grand maybe that's what she is talking about smdh
Maybe she should talk to her Daddy about AHCA that if pass will kick children and sick children off of healthcare the hypocrisy smh
Looked like a real hot meeting from the pics ...:-)
Really what would a women like Ivanka no about American working families when she has never worked a hard day of work in her life
