Marco, you used to call them "entitlements" WHYYYYYYY the change in rhetoric???
Awesome! How about the rest of your constituents Marco?
Thank you Senator for doing this.
Please hire an interior designer
This looks like one of your visits to a closed park in Miami after dark
Can't believe you are still pushing that  crap. But I'm sure the president and his past bothers you not.
@MiamiHerald Marco, are you going to get Andy health care, or you going to take it away along with 22 million.
Wait...he was captured? That's not really Trump's style. He likes when people aren't captured, remember? Go ahead and remind him of that


I'm enjoying watching the clueless corrupt Dems implode https://twitter.com/kristilade/status/894735635386433537 …
Call #LittleMarco  (202) 224-3041 DEMAND #TownHall b4 #PayForPlay Dinner on 8/22 in Altamonte Springs  Hear your Florida Constituents 
Surprising, because I hear you are avoiding your constituents, who incidentally do not live in Latin America. Stand for us! #ResistTrump
Thank you so much for what you are doing for Veterans in FL and USA for fighting for their care! It is so important for them to be listened2
Necesitamos d hombres y mujeres d valores y compromiso, Ud es una joven promesa y nuevos aires para el mundo thanks
A heartwarming story of this vet wanting to right a wrong. I hope you and your staff can help him! 

Nice PR stunt. Maybe you will stop voting against Vet / VA benefit bills to get them what they are do? Prob not, PR stunts are easier.
Nothing but a photo op. You voted to throw almost half million Vets off Medicaid by 2026!!! And why aren't you working for the rest of FL?
Trump dixit : "i like people who weren't capture". I suppose you don't agree with that
@marcorubio While you're at it please take care of ALL the #seniors out there Marco.
I support your endeavors in this matter. Please extend a thank you to Mr. Ramotnik for his service from this democrat. #TheRightThingToDo
You're a good man in a sea of Washington scum Mr. Rubio.
wonder what ur approval is in Fl. Can't be high, u haven't done anything and won't meet wth ur constituents. Sad little Marco
like no health care and bad riders on the NDAA?
Did you tell him how you betrayed him & other vets when you voted against medical marijuana use inside of the VA healthcare system. #AntiVet
What? No bible verse?
When you claim Amnesty for all you spit in the faces of these great veterans who sacrificed everything for U.S. citizens and legal migrants
You mean like not taking away healthcare from his family?
This is good, now stand up for your presidents agendas wait your turn and help #MAGA
Filthy little Pay to Play Marco self promotion and bible bullshit. We are going to start calling you "Face Book Live Marco". Stop hiding
STOP THE PRESSES!!! Rubio met with a constituent!!!!!!!!!!
After reading some of your tweets it's understandable  no one would meet with you. Your bitter & only use to group think
You're taking away my voting right.
This guys a war hero, and you are afraid to hold towns halls! Lmao!
You voted to kick 441,300 US Vets off Medicaid by 2026.
Why help this one get 13 bucks & betray the service of 441,300?
Penance?
It's called political propaganda. They are REALLY good at it
"WORKING" how long have you all had now? Same ole bullshit lies!!!
Quite commendable, but its a drop in the bucket. Your overall performance is dismal.
Guaranteed it isn't Rubio getting him anything. Rubio refuses to have town halls and runs from constituents if recognized
Oh, there's Marco Rubio. All his constituents in FL were wondering where he went since his re-election.
It's about time you did something worthwhile for your constituents! Now how a about a townhall for the rest of us?
Shouldn't have to "work", it should be readily available.. garbage politicians
@MiamiHerald @IndivisibleMIA Marco, how about making sure Andy has good health care?
Did you discuss you military career, oh I forgot you were to short to serve
I cld be JAILED 4 my last tweets in Canada by Anti-Blasphemy laws! Might want 2 re-read the Constitution u swore to uphold defend & protect!
Ready for war, #LittleMarco ? How many times did President Obama bring us to the brink of nuclear war? You & @GOP will have consequences WTF
Clinton & Obama gave millions 2 NK & Iran for worthless "promises" not to dev nukes: Ignored while they laughed & used OUR $ to do just that
Your resignation is what we want. You're irrelevant, so is your laughable political party. How are those trump coattails workin' for ya?
Keep up your good work Mr Rubio
Did you vote to take his health care/Medicare/aid away?
Trump only likes soldiers who don't get captured.
This is very nice.. but what are your comments on DT remarks yesterday about Korea?  @SenBillNelson
your constituents are a little worried about the guy you endorsed advocating for nuclear holocaust.Maybe you should address that
That man gave up part of his life so we could have freedom of speech.The muslim bill you sponsored takes that away.Senate Resolution 118
EXACTLY!! Rubios pushing the Anti-Blasphemy BS that Islamists use 2 push Sharia on the West Look at the millions pd out in Canada & UK!
Yes. I think 1 has already gone to prison in Germany for speaking out against Islam. Peaceful or not, we still have a right to voice opinion
Did u explain to Andy why you're supporting the disgusting Anti Blasphemy laws that Canadas implementing to appease the Sharia Islamists???
Ur too politically savvy not 2 know Anti-Blasphemy laws are solely intended to prevent all criticism of Islam: How much $$ did they donate??
Time for all you republicans to repeal and replace Obamacare get your ass back to work and tell the others they BS
AGREED!! GOP campaigned on this but cowards CHOKED when after voting 60x to repeal they finally had POTUS w the balls to sign! #votethemout
How about helping a disabled gold star wife with a disabled child ? I'm scared and lost in civilian world !
Thank you for your incredible sacrifice. You deserve every bit of assistance. I hope this helps God Bless!  http://www.operationwearehere.com/FallenWarriors.html …
Maco Dubio.. No Comment On Commander And Chief
Little Marco is finally seeking much needed psychiatric help!
The only collusion was between Media, DOJ & the FBI w CORRUPT DNC. Despite of that, debate cheating & rigging horrible Hillary STILL LOST !
According to your master #POTUS he's not a hero since he got captured.
Great! 
Come September, you need to be pushing the President's agenda. 
Starting today, you need to be more aggressive about having his back
This is the only agenda needed.
Haha keep resisting best GDP Mkt & Mfg & Jobs #'s in decades & we'll sweep the REST of the elections in 2018 & ensure Trumps 2nd Term!
Thanks Obama.
It would be nice if someone actually commented on what the article is about.  Thank you for listening to this man. He deserves that and $13.

Love this story! They are truly the Greatest Generation! 
Good better than what Obama did to them
Did you tell him DT doesn't respect POWs?
And what does Trump have to do with it? He wasn't born when this happened. Are you unable to function without obsessing about Trump?
Maybe he could take @SenJohnMcCain seat. Would be refreshing to have a genuine hero in the senate.
Senator Rubio, your thoughts on N Korea, please..God Bless
In the mean time Marco is acting like we ain't gonna get nuked

We aren't buying what you're sell you charlatan.

#FollowTheMoney
Why don't you ever do any work little Marco?
Romans 5:8
But #God demonstrates His own #love toward us, in that while we were still #sinners, #Christ died for us.
Matthew 6:33
But seek first the #kingdom of #God and His #righteousness, and all these #things shall be added to you.

