Thankful for the Senate Intelligence Committee's work investigating Russia's meddling in our election @marcorubio
nice, I trust Marco!
he's busy doing meaningful work
Rubio was protecting taxpayers from bad law written solely by Dems @loynaz1 @libertylatina @marcorubio

In @WORLD_mag, @marcorubio urges Sec. Tillerson to make  #modernslavery & #ReligiousFreedom reports a priority http://bit.ly/2mB4goQ  
just a few examples....
what about you? are you going to speak out against Trump and his ties to Rusia and Putin any time soon?
You're such a wimp, little Marco. Anything but a man.
Senator Rubio is a quintessential leader :) I graciously thank Senator Rubio for speaking out against atrocities
which ones? He hasn't spoken out against Russia attacking our election process.
Senator Rubio has spoken against Putin repeatedly
and he stands behind #Trump. Marco needs to go.
Marco is going to become your next president. Deal with it :)
rotfl. Are you one of the guys he was doin in the dark parks?
Senator Rubio has 2 daughters and 2 sons
and he was busted in a dark park with his bff gay friend.
independent investigation. Where are you?
So POTUS had help from the Kremlin getting elected.  Does Marco care at all?  Or is it enough that they helped the GOP?
stop sitting on the fence and start calling for an independent investigation into the Trump/Russian connection.
Investigate Trump's ties to Russia.
@SenRubioPress Marco is one person Start watching CSpan ! He can not do everything alone. Marco needs our support!

We can probably get @realDonaldTrump to give his buddy a call and make that happen.
with only 2.5 % support - why should Russia`s Goverment remember a political non-entity like Boris Nemtsov?
@marcorubio ????????????????????
well we know they remember trump's campaign team.
show some courage & stand up 2 Trump. Too much coming out to be all false. Call 4 independent investigation. Put country 1st.
How to make sure the American Gov't and their Senators remember the hate of Islam
broad to include Clinton & Podesta ties as well. Who leaked name? Russia issue s/b solved by now.
←"Can this country afford to have a #POTUS under investigation by the FBI? Think of the trauma that would do to this country."
Mr. Rubio your potus in under FBI investigation. Think of the trauma that inflicts!
careful what you wish for
Can this country afford to have a prez under investigation by the FBI? Think of the trauma to our country Rubio, 11/1/16
Remember when you said Hillary was disqualified as POTUS candidate because she was being investigated by FBI? Where are you now?
we demand INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION! Shut it down till we figure out what the hell is going on!

Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI? Your quote regarding Hillary , is it the same now?
U were so vocal HRC not eligible 2 be prez b/c FBI investigations Yet now, crickets. 45 is subject now. How say u? #Trumprussia
marquitos, no te hagas, VOTASTE POR LA CONFIRMACION DE TILLERSON...  es socio de putin en el petroleo de siberia
As far as Putin is concerned, just tell Trump to talk to him. I understand they're inseparable.
Our SoS is blowing off NATO to meet the leader of the country that meddled in our election.

Let that sink in; savor it.
how about showing up for your town hall meetings? Remember your constituents?
really, how about this one?
isn't that great Rubio? You helped put a Putin lover in the White House -AND he's under FBI investigation!
I don't think Putin is going to forget @realDonaldTrump anytime soon! 
By comply with the FEDS investigation into POTUS! Trump lies and you know he is Don the Con!! resist communism
I know a way!  Impeach Putin's puppet, tRump. How soon you forget your own words, Rubio. Or are you a traitor too?

then fight back against this POTUS Rubio!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzOf9oh6IrM&feature=youtu.be …
The people of Florida made a big mistake by re-electing you. Your support of Trump is beyond any logic or moral ground.
You don't have the moral ground to attack Putin when you support Trump who is the biggest liar in history.
Didn't you say Hillary couldn't be president because she was under FBI investigation? GOP is the most corrupt USA organization.
truth comes out no matter, it's time, step up & show how much taller you are then Vote to see taxes & Indep Invest no tryancare
Trump wiretap claim: If the alleged act would be impeachable if true, so must be the allegation if false.
yr a Russian sympathizer. The entire GOP runs on a platform of The Grand Design. No to 1 leader of the world. No to Death Star
.@marcorubio such trauma to this country having a president investigated by FBI, right Rubio?  Right?!  YOU said that.  YOU!
OK little Marco.
Frankly it seems a bigger problem to keep Republicans thinking about how Putin is undermining our democracy.
Your words re Clinton "Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI?" So what now?
Why throw stones when u live in a glass house? Get a handle on the CIA. Find the Trillions lost by DOD.get some work done.
& they will name the US embassy Michael Hastings? We do it & they do. Article says they remember We don't. What is ur point?
Continued: Think of the trauma it would do to our country. Get him out!! Back up your words!!!
Remember what you said before the election, Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI?
Vote NO on #TrumpCare
You make these statements and give us hope, then always support Trump in the end.
I hope you make sure to remember your president is a kremlin puppet selected by Putin to ruin the USA.  Lead for #ImpeachTrump
.@marcorubio "Can we afford to have a president under inv by FBI? Think of the trauma that would do to this country."

Yeah. Just think. ;-(
by NOT letting him fix US elections- that would be a start!
and you guys remember Manafort, Stone, Page, Tillerson, Flynn...
Little Mucko, be a House Toad "Arrest free press for doing job Fathers envisioned" or subpoena Drumpf taxes since glasnost?
"Can this country afford to have a prez under investigation by the FBI? Think of the trauma that would do to this country"
"Can this country afford to have a prez under investigation by the FBI? Think of the trauma that would do to this country"-- Rubio, 11/1/16
maybe u kick Putin out of the White House ? Just a thought..
"can this country afford to have a president under FBI investigation?"
remember this. What do you say now that you have backed Trump? You can't have it both ways lil Marco.
Hey Marco-Remember this? Yeah.
Just wanted to share my favorite inspirational @marcorubio quote from November for no particular reason. https://youtu.be/jzOf9oh6IrM  
All talk now after you got in bed with trump & his Russian team.Don't bother bringing up Russia now cause you won't do a thing
Tillerson is skipping NATO mtg, but is finding time to travel to Russia. You could have stopped this, but you chose not to.
Why don't you ask trump while he has never said anything against Putin or Russia? Smacks of collusion! Let's see his taxes!
But how do we get the GOP to recognize Putin's role in the White House?  Poor Little Marco.

"Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI? Think of the trauma that would do to this country."
Will you vow not to confirm any #scotus nominee while Trump is under investigation for collusion with Russia?
What are you going to do about a POTUS  who LIED to the American people? His Tweets were LIES!  He continues to LIE to US!
great idea!
Little Marco-  Support our Potus- get behind him. We need you!  
USA HCAccess 100%access to 100%healthcare while crashing the Natl debt. Thepuppetrevolution@gmail.com for more.
It appears the Kremlin and Putin have infiltrated the Whitehouse!  Get them out!  Start with @POTUS and @VP
Marco is too much of a pussy to do anything like this. He is milk toast
In Donbass, churches are destroyed by Rubio, Graham and McCain's friends, under the applause of NATO
#ВСУ #обстреляли #храм в посёлке Коминтерново #ДНР
Когда последняя служба была сильный очень был обстрел ужасно били…
How do we make you remember America?
this is a side show. MARCO Protects the foreign interest in the WH!  ITs like the lie he's say about the ACA crumbling LIES!
LIL MARCO  HEARD SNOOPS COMIN 4 U NEXT
This is a good start Marco!  Now, do your job and demand an independent investigation of Trump/Russia!
Today 3rd anniversary of attachment of Crimea to Rus Fed, in accordance with the will of Crimean people
18 March 2014, after declaring independence from Ukraine, the people of Crimea decided by overwhelming majority on referendum to join Russia 
retweeting this like he's trying to be a real politician! #SpeakOut #SadLittleMarco @vkaramurza @washingtonpost
Poor little Marco, "I don't want to work unless I'm the president." We know your weak, selfish game. And so does Florida.
I would focus on the Russian in the White House.

Meals on Wheels feeds 500,000 veterans every year.

Where does taking food from hungry veterans fit into the "America First" doctrine?
few forget the hunger suffered under Nemtsov, Yeltsin, etc.
Thank you, from Central Florida!
I give not a fuck if they remember him. Why do you? Concentrate on history books about this point in time. The era of death.
@realDonaldTrump Hasn't said a word. Do you wonder why, Little Marco?
Crimeans celebrate 3rd anniversary of the return to home. Never again will they separate from Russia https://twitter.com/RussiaConnects/status/842519974648463360 …
What's wrong with you .. why don't you remember that you are American and put country over party ..
When are you going to investigate @POTUS ties to #Russia & #Putin? #KremlinKlan #corruption #resist
Yet you are doing nothing about Russia !!! More lies little MARCO
no to #trumpcare no to the #muslimban no to #thewall yes to #SaveACA
when will you stand up for the people of your state? When will you stop hiding?
he does every day! You're not following him so you don't have any idea of what he's doing!
aww. Someone got ruffled easily. Maybe you need a break.
Get to work on healthcare and the budget. Get behind this President!
as if you would do anything
Wonderful; even more important to #impeach #trumpPUTIN Investigate #treason + all who knew + are thereby #complicit
Get busy working to confirm President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Stop grandstanding to further your own career.
As someone who was once a rep. I will never vote for another one again. You've proven you don't care about your constituents.Just yourselves
He was a bad politician too.
stop wasting time on stupid bills. Do real work.
Well Putin definitely remembers Trump. When will you guys get serious about an investigation?
Can you remember toen halls???
whatever man half you're states a retirement home the other half is a meth lab  You have bigger problems at home to deal with !
ACLU would probably claim that is a trigger.
PUBLICLY denounce Bannon & Trump, for starters. Don't let OUR country continue to become Russia.
Coward!
too bad you are a puppet who fully supports 45 and his treasonous ways
what a joke. Concentrate on demanding Trumps tax returns.
Difference in orientation between the Orthodox East and the West
I thought Marco was concerned about Florida.
you got wit and chutzpah, keep standing up to Russia! Don't let Putin get a pass on human rights violations, keep the sanctions.
Let's make Trump remember the Kremlin. Ok?
The best thing we can do is form a Select Committee to investigate Putin's success influencing our voters? America over party?
we call on you to put Patriotism before party. Americans deserve the best country we can make. Not killing off ACA.
so you read that paper.
it's time to stand up to the putin loving trumpy... remember your fellow Americans, do the right thing and be a leader!
. How about instituting an investigation into Trumps ties with Putin & Russia instead of looking the other way ?
Will we be rid of our nest of foreign agents in our government by August?
marco. What is wrong with these repliers? They think you want to impeach Trump? It apears so. They dont get it.
how about naming the bill to impeach trump after him? His death was to cover up Putin/trump partnership
We know you don't like Trump nor do many of us. He's corrupt to the core. Please get ahead of this and stop him. #Trumprussia
@vkaramurza @washingtonpost Путин его не помнит, он его боится.
how to make sure you focus on your state and forget about Kremlin which is not your concern.
I think you should should go in with Obama with the Mavericks,little marco you are Maverick, stay in your Cuban closet#BJRJHUGE
Why You Having Dinner With Russian Potus.. 
How juvenile.
More important that we make sure Kremlin & Putin remember to stop meddling in our democracy. #FocusOnRussia
how about you saying something about the issue.  Less dinners with the 35th and speak the truth.
You have done nothing to resist the Russian influence in our federal government. This is a pathetic smokescreen. #RESISTANCE
Easy to reach Putin & Kremlin. Just call the White House.
Looks like a much bigger crowd than Comrade Trump has ever drawn.
by kicking Putin's puppet out of the WH in Boris Nemtsov's name? Just a thought.
Tambien recuerdaselo a TU PRESIDENTE Marco
shut up Marco and quit sucking up to  McCain & Graham.
Слава России ! я очень рад на быть Русский. Слава Богу
Marco I like the idea but Trump is gonna be pissed!
Wow great idea!
Fight back on lying traitor Trump!
how about how to make America a well respected nation again? #ImpeachTrump . Get to work little Marco
I love this - this is everything!!! X
