So nice to see you and him having fun times, while millions are scared to death about their healthcare.
One. More. Time.  Pre existing conditions are still there.  Medicaid is still there. States have more say in how that $  spent. Costs will <
3,8 billion /year to implement the fascist regime in Israel . Who the fuck cares about americans ?
you guys, what a pair. While we're all in knots over this hit to our less privileged Americans. Glad you had fun.
Less privileged?  Get a grip & learn more than  DNC talking points.  1/2 of all babies born today are with Medicare. Something id wrong.
Um, Medicare is for the disabled and elderly.  Not a big population of fertile women.  Oops.
I misspoke.  Half of MEDICAID  babies
So a dude who voted for a man he said he couldn't trust with the nuclear codes... gets an invite to the National Security Forum? Cool!
Uh,  maybe because he is considered the most knowledgeable about foreign policy than anyone in Congress
Ask Lil Marco about pulling the high risk corridor $$$ from the ACA that undermined it? No Nik?
It kept the taxpayers from having to bail out insurance companies. They failed b/c Ocare was basically designed that way,  for single payer
US don't believe in global security. Wars are good. Invest in the US arms industry. Blood blood blood. Profit profit profit. #USStrong.
You two are the future of a strong, smart and vibrant Conservative party.  Stick together.  #gop
Both foreign, open border globalist!
Is this when your crystal ball showed you #Assad was going to attack his own people? Or did u just dream that one up? #FalseFlag #Syria
"My fellow citizens, I have to tell you that war, crime and lie, massacre of civilians for fun, is great and super" Nikki Haley statement
She's a moral prostitute well paid by the Zionists !
Seems like a great ticket in 2024 - Haley & Marco!
RubioHaley2024
Oh what FUN! chatting about America's murderous regime change wars- Smug, Nikki- very smug-while US backed terrorists behead kids /gas kids
#America is now hated through out #Europe, #Trumps visit to England cancelled, #Ireland don't want him either. #WarMongering #Killers
Sen. Rubio has been incredibly impressive on so many fronts. His future is very bright!
Not impressive with Floridians - not responsive to them after elected
Please do not vote for the tax cut bill...seniors and the middle class will be getting nothing..
What is US policy as regards Refugees and national security?
Is there not a need to support and stabilize Middle East  front line states ?
Nikki for President! 2024!
Here is one of the greatest pride of US senators (Merkel too) : allowed massacre of Orthodox Russians https://twitter.com/petejohn10/status/880066120581091328 …
Yeah I bet. Did he quote scriptures and tell you what a swell guy Trump is?
marco what about a town hall meeting in SFla? aren't u suppose to represent us why are u hiding?
He's always unavailable to FL constituents - "mailbox is full"
Rubio/Haley 2020
U might be correct on that one... that's why they conspiring Trump to go to war in Syria.
Two pretenders
Nicki why aren't you moving Muslims out of our country and Europe?
They are barbarians, don't you agree?
#maga
.@realDonaldTrump
Love  MR 2024
Nikki is awesome and Rubio is ok by me too.
You must not be a FL resident
The Republic's future is in great hands with you two!! Happy 4th.
Love these two..will remember Rubio standing by our POTUS, not like Ted Cruz, voters have really good memories
Didn't help Rubio in FL. We know him
Does he understand any of it?
Oh how I dreamed for a Rubio/Haley ticket. I'm still depressed and disgusted over what we got. Haley is the lone bright spot in the Admin
You must not be a FL resident
US role is to stop making messes all over the world.
US foreign policy is in tatters and has been since Vietnam.
Note: first time in human history that the phrase "fun times hanging out with @marcorubio again" has been uttered. Once is always enough.
"Thanks" to Washington and IFM aid to Poroshenko, mom of thid kid became desabled. Why ? because Russian-speaker
#TheCrimesOfUkraineNazis  
Vitya, 8 year old, in one moment lost his mother and became disabled 1/2
 https://twitter.com/DonetskNovosti/status/879390986245464065/video/1 …
Did you discuss 22 million without health insurance.
Did you know some Seniors premiums up 280%?
GOP is a global terrorist organization, funded by Wall Streer to kill 10000x more Americans than ISIS.
https://twitter.com/AP/status/879434118601334784 …
Did he share with you his fantasies of destroying the safety net here in America? He's been dreaming about it since college.
I HAD NO IDEA HOW TINY THAT GUY IS.
I was impressed with this interview/dialogue.  @marcorubio I disagree with you on many things, but this was GREAT. 32810 constituent
Get the Russian out of the Oval Office!!
I'm glad they allowing u 2 open your mouthThat had 2 be embarrassing standing up 4 your country just 2b shut down.Words have 2 b oked? Sux
U need 2b talking about how Corrupt OUR gov.is ETHICS,GOWDY,GRAHAM,RUBIO,JARED,SESSIONS FLYNN, NO TAX DONNY,HOMOPHOBIC PENCE RACIST CABINET
Rubio those old folks u getting ready kill r already pissed at u and the Ethics violation.Death Care They aren't going 2 forget your part
Did you ask him when he's growing a spine?
Looks like a barrel of laughs. Meanwhile 24 million Americans are on the verge of losing their healthcare. Hilarious.
Two people who know absolutely nothing and have sold their souls to Trump. Haley & Rubio are party over 
WHY IS OIC AND U.N. RUNNING OUR IMMIGRATION WHY NO CHRISTIANS ALLOWED? WHY WOULD ANYONE PASS A LAW THAT ISLAM WANTS PASSED FOR THERE AGENDA
Senator Rubio: Thank you for not supporting the current H/C Bill that separates healthcare for 20 million Americans. ISIS wants USA to die.
we dont have time to hang out. Too much is at risk. We need to get it together,get it right, pass these bills and stand with our @POTUS !
Heartless, soulless greedy evil Republican pigs who are destroying America.
There you go. Clean water.
Vote out all who support this lying, cover up President. Term and age limits now.
Look we were scammed about national health care! It was a total scam and the small print was going to stop treatment over time anyway

National Security is dependent on a full and in depth investigation of the Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Could one of you please take a minute (ok maybe much longer) to explain the difference between a miner & a minor to @realDonaldTrump
Medicare was already NATIONAL being in every STATE made it NATIONAL , add deductibles,  enlarge membership= National Health Insurance
Love you Ma'am. Love the work you're doing.
Great ticket..Haley/@marcorubio
GOP sold out America #TrumpRussia #KremlinGate
#MarchToBanShariaLaw #BanShariaLaw it's unconstitutional! Protect our USA  laws @POTUS @GOP @VP this bill will be used for Sharia!!
2 #warmonger

Nikki u have lost touch. Check out story of Michael Phlips. People are petrified about health care. This is not my country.
NS...
*Why the heck is Mueller not recusing himself?
*Why not questioning motives; no collusion?
*Why how can he hire HRC supporters?
Why quiet about TRUMPCARE? Is @SenRubioPress afraid to face voters+explain his YES vote cutting Medicaid to give tax break to the very rich?
Please vote No on healthcare bill it will kill US.
This Guy Is A Disgrace.. Hopefully He Can Run For Office In Cuba Or Venezuela
Rubio and Haley says "Trump and Putin's relationship has really blossomed it has been great 2 see and keeps our country safe"
"If France dares to get closer to Russia, I would give the order to the US Senate to declare war on France" Marco Rubio's statement
Day 155 of 1462 - Unfortunately, GOP Healthcare Bill will get necessary votes. Again, McConnell is ruthless mother f'er. GOP spineless!!
Better off with trumps folks......
Nous sommes fatiguer sur le politique
Nous sommes fatiguer sur le poletique
#trumpsbitch
I can't believe you are so submissive to trump there lil Marco. He has you by the short hairs. You love it. Your ship is sinking #trumpcare
fun times and chatting? good god!!! another nightmare trump apptment
Honorable Haley rocks. Drop the mic.
What are you going to do about Venezuela. Narco States are laughing at us and sticking their tongues at @POTUS . Take action!!!
What exactly do you expect them to do?  Trump is POTUS. Action is up to him. Rubio and Haley have called it to his attention many times.
There are so many tools at @Potus disposal. Lets star with economics. How about huge tax to all good leaving the USA to these Narco States?
Why don't you ask POTUS?
That is the reason why I copy his name in these exchanges. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump need to act. The bad guys are taking advantage.
VENEZUELA SOS 2017
VENEZUELA isn't about politics, is a about the CUBAN INVADERS & THE INTERNATIONAL DRUG CARTELS.
@marcorubio perhaps he should be listening to his constituents and vote no to Trumpcare debacle!!

Hopefully talk included #Venezuela, as you know invaded by criminals that represent a THREAT TO US Natl. Security.
I wish you'd let him chat about the healthcare bill!
Did either of you discuss the horrific Senate Tax Plan? (Masquerading as a health plan) #shameless
Talking loud and ain't doing nothin!
My heart melted a little bit...
Two of my most favorite politicians!
Something to be said abt wndrfl success our nation has had w/imigratn and in gvng success to immigrant families w/two such shining examples
Do you guys hug ar all? :)
#Nikki2020
#RunNikkiRun
Too bad you didn't chat about how this health care will negatively affect children with disabilities in his state
Someone needs to teach you what fun is.
Did he mention the #HealthcareBill that will adversely affect 1,000's of his constituents? Of course not. Too much controversy #notmysenator
@Marco Rubio Shouldn't you be at home reading the #Healthcare bill. Floridians are waiting for your response.

1 more brave young Freedom Warrior martyred today by Maduro's criminal repression thugs. Godspeed David Vallenilla. May God save Venezuela. 

Every American of conscience should consider these 13 countries' support: Genocidal Venezuelan dictatorship. US Aid & Tourism should stop. 
There is no foreign policy. Trump ruined that for the United States. We have no role globally. Respect is lost and relationships fractured.
Rubio already made his deal with trump for his yes vote on this healthcare bill. We in Florida will vote no on Rubio #standwithpp
We in Fl always vote against him except when it counts.
Did you discuss this mean healthcare bill with him? Because he's not talking to us about it. Only talking about Cuba! #standwithpp
It is imperative for the stabilization of South America that the US take an extremely active role in Venezuela's ongoing political decline.
Doing a great job. I wish all republicans can move on and work for this country
DO U KNOW WHAT UR DOING? What u do will b in history books & will affect lives today! B a strng wman, do whats right (not what Trump wants)
We know #USA's plan for Syria is to break it down, partition it, #Leak's are everywhere under #Trump. #WMD America's legacy to the #World.
You are both failing.
Wonderful job God bless you and yours
Nikki Haley is doing a wonderful job ! We thank you
Fun times while disabled go to McConnell's office to beg for their lives. YEA FUN TIMES!!
2 peeps who've sold their sold to the Trump devil. You 2 deserve each other - "you'll never work in this town again"
Loved this #NatSecForum! So fun & interesting listening to @marcorubio & @nikkihaley  #Patriots
Just curious, when do you people work?
Our great future
Thanks for a great job and kick-en ass Nikki!!!!!!
SOS Venezuela
This is no action movie.
This kid was no actor.
This is happening right now in Venezuela. 
After President Trump's 8 years, you are my choice for the first female Potus...honestly.
That's your idea of fun?
That couldn't have been fun. How many times did he quote the Bible?
si les importara siquiera humanamente lo que pasa en Venezuela estarían armando a una verdadera oposición, no aupando diálogos traidores
He looks like he needs a hug.
Great to see y'all together working in the best interest for America! Thank you!
Somebody gotta do it, and U a class act. Good luck cause u smart and care.
Did he try to give you a hug?!?!  lol
USA globally is Zero!!! Terrorist Putin is dominating??
PresidentTrump was right in elections when he expressed that ForeignPolicy mistakes made when LOGIC was replaced with foolishness&arrogance
careful Democrats no longer think that private conversations are private
Bring our troops home enough nation building. America First
Why havent you rounded up entire State dept and arrested or deported them.
Classy lady
Do u think u could talk @marcorubio into holding a townhall to discuss things with his constituents.
Nice you could have fun and chit-chat while trump scorches the Country & world around you.
Please read michael gerson in today's WaPo. He tells it like it is. And I'm no liberal!
I hope you discussed how we rebuild the party after we get the jackass in the WH out and all that didn't have the guts to stand up to him.
Go Marco!!!
The future of the GOP
Oh what could have been...
Both of you LOVE publicity - looking out for #1 rather than realiy doing the nations work. Ppl who draw attn to themselves are egotist.
You are easy to please.
Yea, Nikki ! Stay Strong ! Keep Speaking Your Mind And Your Heart ! We Need You !
wonderful to meet you today @nikkihaley
The water was a nice touch
I don't trust #LittleMarco.
Did he give you a hug too?
Luv Marco
SO glad YOU got to hang out with Marco Jellyfish! He's apparently too good to meet with his constituents. We don't matter to him
Hope you are over your bono crush, he's a little guy isn't he!  Meaning short.
Please God let this be the Republican 2020 ticket... Please, Please, Please!
Millions will loose health care-they're not having fun.
Your awesome
Hanging out with Ivana and Nikki Haley in the same week?  Austin Powers would have something to say about that Marco -
So thankful to have a strong, conservative, pro-Israel woman like Ms. Haley as our spokesperson
No hugs though?
Sois pilar fundamental para hacer unas sociedades más justas Gracias
While they sentenced Americans to death with their health care bill
Gonna miss ya TS
Somehow "Fun times" and "Marco Rubio" doesn't make sense.
I'd think you needed to take a shower after being exposed to that slime.
Nikki should be president
Does little Marco know about foreign policy? He doesn't seem 2 think DJT is doing a good job w/foreign policy. Is he qualified to discuss?
