Do you support president @realDonaldTrump
Yes I do. He is doing a great job dispite the left trying to hold him back. Hes making us money for the first time since well Before Clinton
The left ain't doing shit, he's doing it to himself
Thats right the left AINT DOING SHIT. Thats the problem
Minor correction.... Everything the left is doing is shit.  Same problem.
I believe christine may need a television people.
Ir shes deaf and blind.
You're all wrong. If only you could see how he is trying to ruin America
Republicans are so blind
I’d like to see a pic of you sitting with a Democrat to hammer out a bi-partisan re-write of the #AHCA. Can you do THAT for America?
He isn't in that committee so he isn't really in charge of that.
That does NOT matter. Leaders don’t care what they “own”. They just do shit that matters to the lives of people who voted for them.
It certainly does matter. @marcorubio sits on the foreign relations committee. And stuff like this certainly does matter in Congress.
I'm a Republican. But I know how Congress works, particularly the Senate.
I Trust my Senator Marco Rubio,enough said
Okay, that's just scary 
Wasting tax $. Pls, consider investigating @BarackObama @AG Lynch obstruction of justice &HC (Benghazi case). 4 Americans died unjustly :(
Love Cuban coffee!
H.p
Glad Marco at least getting on the Trump train for a ride!Marco Rubio- now STAY on the train!

So true when we recognize the HUGE # of Americans LOCKED UP POLITICALLY for exercising their 9thAmendmentRights re: cannabis @CBSNews @ABC https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/876171594573414402 …
u are no better then trump impeach the SOB
thank you
You need to hammer out a new health care policy to hell with Cuba and the Castro regime

All you Non-Cuban Liberals dont have a Clue,what America needs to do to stabilize the U.S.,Cuba economy,You mean Like Obamas U.S.~ lsreal?
The quicker you are voted out the better!!! You think the american public is going to forget who "pays" you off?? think again little man!!!
Floridians do not know what they want. That is why they have voted Rubio.
@POTUS, little Marco your tune has changed. See video of U trashing Trumpty Dump during campaign? Where did U stuff your ethics?
RUBIO?  Presidential candidate and reject? Why is his input needed? He's ruining his district and now following drumpf!
@POTUS @MarioDB after the impeachment - you'll know more in 23d-your career is in the toilet little Marco- I work 4 us or MORON?
WRONG! @CNN @ABC @CBC @nbc @BBC @marcorubio @nytimes @washingtonpost @LAHT @latimes @LVidegaray @mauriciomacri @EmmanuelMacron @Univision
it's good to see that Marco had enough water on hand.
Disgraceful. The embargo did not work for all these years and neither would this one. You guys are lacking in total vision.
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW
If you had dropped out when you knew you couldn't win Florida @tedcruz would be POTUS.
Great job Senator. Incredible leadership
Respect to Rubio and Trump for staying the course in the midst of this corrupt selve serving system we've allowed.
That was an outstanding speech in Miami Marco.  Definitely see you as President one day! 

Did Trump pay for his hotel?
Like everything else you jackals do. This is bullshit!! Why don't you try doing something useful. #SinglePayer healthcare for all!!!
@marcorubio support Puerto Rico Statehood,  it's veterans and service members have earn the right to vote for their Commander in Chief!
Idiots
Thank you maybe in my lifetime I can go back and visit my Cuba
Racist dogs, Cuba will be there long after you are dad and forgotten, go Castro, go Asanta, go cuba
Thanku for putting the election behind you and leading from the front. It's not what you say it is what you achieve.#solutions
Excellent work for both us & Cuba.Obama was enriching the Castro's with nothing in return.He was a bad deal maker.Only deal worse was Iran.
Not a better deal, all it is is more bullshit from tRump, anything 2 try 2 overturn Obama lagacy.
GRACIAS!!!
How do we know Trump didn't sign because:
1) He wants to keep out other hotel competitors??
2) Putin wants to put a military base there??
Marco, u were very emotional during ur words. We can tell came from ur heart. Thank you. @kmbiamnozie @Cynthiastruth @JordyAri #cubancoffee
Cannot stand you or your policies Rubio!
Openness is what made Communism fail in the Eastern block - don't forget that Rubio
Remember: 

Rubio FULLY SUPPORTS:

 Cutting MILLIONS off Health Care
 Gianforte VIOLENCE towards a reporter asking about #TrumpCare
What, your boss not allowed to build a hotel in cuba?   Idiots.
50 more years of a policy that didn't work?? More suffering? Anything to stay in office, right?
The only people you are hurting are the Cuban people. Try that crap on China, Russia, Saudi Arabia with worse human rights violations.
trump is taking us BACKWARDS...very poor decision!
Little Marco you look like you are drugged
Fantastico!
WTF
#LilMarco is a sad figure in the Senate...a broken AND broke man going through his sad motions...wow..like @POTUS sucked life force from him
Marco Rubio is a confused Cuban American that has probably never spoken to the 11million people still in Cuba!
@POTUS @MarioDB why not thank the POTUS? He doesn't ask, need or want it, but he damn sure deserves it, pick a side and be big!
If only the politicians would only give him a chance. Never have I seen such disrespect of president
Please don't overturn and take insurance away from Medicare and Medicaid patients. The Affordable Health care has issues. Fix those
You called @realDonaldTrump a liar and con artist during campaign, now you have become one of his lap dogs...SO SAD how you have capitulated
Because of u both Cuban people suffer more. Govt has all the money& power anyway. It hasn't changed in 50 yrs. now people will have less.SAD
So much for not telling other countries how to govern.
Thank you all for wasting more of taxpayers' money since there was no problem with the Cuba policy prior to Trump taking office.
Five minutes in the basement throwing it together like all Republican policy.
#maga
And we are thankful for @POTUS leadership! Stand with President Trump and call for an end into this #WitchHunt
Let's hope he doesn't filibuster his own legislation this time.
Is that a Canadian bottled nestle water? Try mountain Mist, no additives bottled in U.S.A.
rubio blows with the wind.....not solid....just out for himself
Really Rubio!!!
what FLAVOR of COFFEE -> Just curious -> Thanks, Steve
All the left has to do is sit back and watch it unfold
go dude! Should be more like u. Standing up for potus & doing your job! Need more rep to follow suit.
I wonder what Marco is thinking about?
Shame on you Rubio! !!

So you spent 1 night hammering out a policy to affect the last 50 years. You must be exhausted
You guys know the cold war ended 25+ years ago, right?
EL SEÑOR LOS BENDIGA. POR UNA CUBA LIBRE  Y DEMOCRATICA.
It's pronounced "coo-bah". Just ask super supreme leader @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thank both of you!!!!!
A few cordaditos...
A great policy.
Rubio your henchmen will go down with you.The spiral has started.
Picture of the night SUCS
Oh, right, your family fled...  wait, what was that lie again?
Sorry @marcorubio but you are unlikely on the right side of history when you agree with this pathetic POTUS. Shame on you
Ey Marco, latin America, right or left, doesn't agree with that policy. 50 years of Cuban misery.
where are the cortaditos and tostadas?
Marco losero not new policy same old failed policy. I guess billionaires not getting their terms so they call theirl bitch do their bidding.
Little Marco globalist stooge. Spawn of McCain and his girlfriend Lindsey.
no poland springs Marco?
Love this new policy and  Cuban coffee!
Rubio sold his soul to President Dipshit. Smh
Go back to Cuba and stay there.
Marco how in the world can you be proud of a bill that is at it base so completely wrong? Why do you have such utter disregard for Cuba?
Worse deal for Cubans!
Mario, you were hammered?
I love my PRESIDENT 
Good morning S.Rubio,is it breakfast?Have fun.I haven't slept 3 days,study, coding/analyzing my dissertation research& tweet to defend Trump
You suck. Support Trump. I'm serious.
Marco was your gran pappy scar face
You took money from George Soros to stop President TRUMPS platform, sham on you!!
@POTUS @MarioDB
As one of your constituents w/ ties to cuba, I am saddened and embarassed that you are so out of touch with cubans who stayed and suffered.
I will work tirelesdly to ensure you are not re-elected.
@marcorubio is a Koch operative.
Marco is A GREAT AMERICAN~! God Bless him.
does he call you little Marco too?

A meeting of soulless beings.
Pillock
@marcorubio @POTUS  great to see you guys working as a team! Great teams always win.@DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @KellyannePolls @Reince
Too bad you're not working on #AHCA  just as diligently
President Trump is truly trying to get our country stable and help us all.The left fears that he will succeed. That's the rub. Jealousy.
Bravo Marco. Continue the fight for a Cuba libre. You have now a @POTUS that does care about people and not terorists like the Castros.
Little @marcorubio did Trump bring you Animal crackers because you were up late
Just two guys. Figuring out what's best.  Nothing to see.
#SOSVenezuela
Ur embarrassing, praising a coward that takes food from ur people & makes fun of ur wife. Disgrace, im embarrassed you represent Florida.
great picture of two great state men.Thank you both for serving and God bless.
Little Marco doesn't understand that Trumps new policy didn't work for 50 yrs. let's try it again because it won't work again. # stupidity
Little Marco
And you said he wasn't qualified to be president.
I have the same coffee pot...kudos
Lotta water you got ther lil Marco
Thank you for supporting President Trump.  It will be remembered. All the Republicans we counted on to support him are letting us down.
@POTUS @MarioDB Good you are a team player. I think your future is bright.
Don't you mean the same old policy?
Maybe trump will throw you over the other side of his great beautiful wall? Keep kissing his ass Marco and you should be ok???
Hi, i like rubio, if trump wouldn't have made it marco should have. !!
No one benefits from this new Cuba policy.  This is only about undoing anything Obama & about a REALLY old grudge.
A terrible change , i hate organized tours , they are prepaid, you cannot do anything  on your own, the Cubans are badly hurt with this
Looks like you have a little somethin` somethin` on your chin there, @marcorubio.  And it ain't ice cream. #blowing #PenceKnew #MAGA
You Suck !!
Trump clowning u the whole election and now @marcorubio u kissing his u know what...sad!! Looks like only trump has b***s
@TrumpIsUnstable  Marco: Instead of worrying about Cuba, how about you focus on #Healthcare for the citizen's of OUR great nation? Too much?
Are you going to hammer out a new China policy, too? No more trading with communist countries. Let's be consistent with our foreign policy!
You must be so proud "little Rubio."
You all suck
Little weasel turns his back on the opportunity to help the Cuban people  You should be ashamed.
Great job today and at Dir Comey testimony @marcorubio!
Don't like Trump. I voted for you. At least the Cuba deal is straightened out as many Cubans wanted.
Thank you
Your speech was fantastic today @marcorubio 
 Rolling Out Loud .
What is our proper course of action from here?
Not surprisingly, it's a bad policy.
No balls
what's the new policy?  Send them billions of dollars??
Disappointed in the step backward. Opening Cuba up to US trade & travel will build opportunities for Cuban people. So out of touch. 50 yrs.
