The same way we can criticize Assad 4 gassing his people and then turn them around when they try to come here. I guess that's how. Hypocrite
Not even remotely the same
I tend to agree with that statement. Maduro isn't bombing hospitals or gassing people. He's starving them, daily... oppressing them.
Right...and that's horrible, but Assad is gassing children, bombing hospitals, blocking humanitarian aid. We should welcome anyone fleeing
A lot of the "bad ones" or ppl with ISIS ties are actually infiltrating the masses... so they should be vetted properly.
I live in Florida, he's a hypocrite and a liar. Wasn't running for re-election until he couldn't win presidency. Doesn't vote, etc.
I dont see why you say he's a hypocrite Can I ask you, since you say that anyone should be welcomed here, do you feel the same about Cubans
Help to Venezuela. The communist government is killing young people with bombs and armed civil groups. PSUV assassins. Please help
I was talking with Venezuelan guys and they're proud of Maduro. Sorry, but I don't understand your land.
Some guys is not a country and I'm so sorry, you have been talking with stupid guys.... Sorry if I have a  bad English, I live in Venezuela
Don't worry, I got everything you said. I know it's a disaster, but I'm sure you're going to fix things, and we're ready to help.
Thank you so much for understanding and for answer, even knowing tha for this conversation for government I'm a traitor, thank you again
Obviously you're not a betrayer, the government is nuts. You only want to be happy, all of yours, and I want you to see happy too.
We fighting for that, thus is the last chance the we have, believe me,thnks for your will, support like this make our sacrifice more bigger
No, this isn't the last one, this is the first because we going to win, well, not us, you going to. 
Sorry to tell you that you either have no clue of what is going on in Venezuela or you are on the side on the oppressors.
Thousands of people wete not allowed to vote. Besides it there was fraude.
And because chavez won the first time we have to allow him and his people to be in power forever??????
For that very reason is that you should support people who are fighting against socialists. Coello did so.
Marco. Shut up sir down and cuddle up with Bill Nelson cause the true SFL conservatives are kicking you both to the curb.
Sorry Marco, but I got to ask you if you have been showing up for work?
Misunderstanding or a tip from a concerned chavist... ahem! citizen?
Your people. Wasn't the Dems forming VOICE and hunting down our neighbors.
I hate seeing any immigrant detained but Senator these are the direct actions of the POTUS you endorsed. You. Endorsed. Him.
this is Trumps America. Thanks for speaking out but there's more that republicans need to do to stop Trump
Brown and out in Miami. #resist #persist
There are so many layers of delicious irony to these two tweets.
#illegal #immigration?  Even if he was trying to come in as a #refugee - we have laws & processes.  All immigrants should be treated equal.
I was being facetious.
Socialism isn't communism. We took a stand against communism. we take a stand against socialism we have 2 oust of  90% of college faculty.
Need new UN President.  His vision for the future is a joke.
We're jailing the opponents of the American president  - what is your stance on that Senator Rubio?
Help
Immigration detention is not jail.
he is seeking asylum. He still got detained.
Kind of like that lock her up thing?
Senator. La situacion que vivimos los Venezolanos, es muy grave, al punto que no conseguimos ni que comer.
I hope you take care of this.
Hay q aclarar si fué malentendido,extralimitación d funcionario,delito menor cometido x Marco Coello,etc.Venezolanos necesitan tranquilidad!
Importante aclarar lo sucedido con Marco Coello,caso emblemático y fué solucionado.Pero puede no suceder lo mismo con otros menos conocidos.
#Venezuela is a failed state thanks to #Socialism its a failed ideology, I hope @BernieSanders & @elizabethforma condemn #Socialism
You re talking about different offences maybe. What he did in us is different than what he did to venezuela
You & republicans were so desperate 2 lead u sold ur souls 2 the devil(assuming u had one)U control 3 branches of govt & cant get ish done
Really?
Thanks
THANK YOU MARCO FOR YOUR GREAT SUPPORT, PLEASE HELP US TO GET RID OF THIS NARCO GOVERNMENT, INNOCENT PEOPLE ARE BEING KILLED, WEAPONLESS!
Yeah it is SOOOO unlike this administration to be hypocritical. *yeah, its sarcasm*
@realDonaldTrump why is this idiot Rubio only interested in Foreign politics and seems to care nothing about American workers and citizens?
ICE targets ALL immigrants inc those seeking asylum.wake up & do something to stop Trump #doyourjobmarco there are millions not just one
Hypocrisy is the name of our administrations game. You're a part of it don't forget. Tweeting hypocrisy reminds me of some fat guy in WH.
obvious the perfect candidate for refugee . already  beaten and locked up for expressing his wish for freedom and democracy
Let Brazil take care of Venezuela, I want a senator who's focused on issue here at home and not abroad _ do your job @marcorubio
DIOS MIO AYUDALO NO ES JUSTO!!!
No misunderstanding! open your eyes! #45 not our president. not mine, not yours-his policies are destroying our values. stop him #doyourjob
Venezuela le sale un Noriegaso este régimen es peor que la que tuvo Panama FARC está en Venezuela paramilitares pagados por narcos
Hello @marcorubio could you please hurry up with those Treasure Department sanctions?

Thank you
¿Quién es quién en la estafa de los CLAP? 

Conoce a esos corruptos y guiseros aquí: 
Senador Rubio, hay novedades sobre el paradero de Marco Coello? (Y disculpe por el tono ironico de mi tweet anterior, pero estaba enojado)
y pensar que son muchos los LADRES corruptos rojos incluso críticos del imperio que se pasean muy tranquilos disfrutando del dinero ROBADO
sin que veamos sanción alguna o que por lo menos justifiquen el origen de dicha riqueza pero al que fue objeto de tratos crueles inhumanos
a esos si incluso les protegen como es caso de aponte aponte que en su momento fue verdugo y ahora disfruta de la proteccion...
I'm confused now, you're not  % on #immigrationreform so this act of injustice lays on your shoulders Mr. #FlipFlop
Do we know what are this guys two misdemeanors? That seems to be the issue.
I know that crimes are the fastest way to get dptrd. I would expect the same if I was in another country (being deprtd w/ misd) sad tho
Be a hero Marco. Prove me wrong about Republicans.
What do you expect from this monster u endorsed?His malice has only begun to surface in 100days.We have 1,360 more to go. Country over party
Pleading ignorance, I see.
Please don't let another bad thing happen to this  brave kid from Venezuela... he deserves better...
StopRightWingRadicalism
Vast majority of Venezuelans hope it is a misunderstanding. Marco Coello has been through enough. He can't be deported to Venezuela! Please!
@CarlosLen07 That's very confusing.
If he will be deported at least please not to Venezuela this will be a condemned
Don't you get it? TRUMP HATES HISPANICS
Spring semester complete! 12 hours down, 24 to go.
The kid was in trouble we the law before in the US,  you know that's why you never got elect for president and for senator there was no one
Except you
Marcos stop playing politics you know that this kid is not innocent plus he have mental problems,  why do we need to take some one like that
Please help the boy.
I'm surprised you care, Senator.
Bingo! You just cant....
You're another hypocrite who supported and supports Trump's immigration policy. It's too bad now this poor guy is in the middle of your mess
I hope so too! Please keep fighting for what is right!
TRUMP TE COJE DI LA VERDAD
#27Abr Urb Sucre 9 wounded and they're not letting anyone enter anyone, or even first aid, we need help SOS! #Barquisimeto
Worst part is that this young man was brutally tortured while he was in jail in Venezuela, now would all start again? #SOS
Thankyou.
Necesitamos acciones, SOS Venezuela!!!
help him please. If he already has all his legal documents then he deserves to stay there to keep his life.
TRUMP SAVE VENEZUELA FROM GENOCIDE!!!!
A US LEAD MILITARY INTERVENTION IS OUR ONLY HOPE!!! http://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/trump …
If he goes back to Venezuela, at this stage, he will be imprisoned, tortured and possibly killed. You're Senator, call whoever you have to!
If this happen can we believe that the Trump administration is paying back the 500k USD Received from Vzla for his Party ?
Thank you! 
fix healthcare, cut taxes, BUILD THE WALL!  No Excuses!!!
So now you try to criticize "the administration" after blowing trump for months  #toolittletoolate
SOS  Venezuela
make pressure. This is not aceptable. He is a real victim of Maduro regime.
Senador, Marco Coello fue brutalmente torturado para usarlo contra Leopoldo López, de ser deportado hacia Venezuela es su muerte
Good Bless America because Trump is equal Chavez:A crazy evil
You have to help Marco
Why is he an opponent of the US administration? Is he applying for political asylum? He is being persecuted for political reasons #Venezuela
He CANNOT GO BACK!!!! Please! He needs protection!
HELP HIM
http://www.youtube.com.ln.is/CaN65  declaraciones del hijo del defensor del pueblo
Are you doing anything to help him?
Marco. You know that many Cubans and Iranians are in Maduro army and Police. Make this known.  Interference from Cuba,Russia,Iran must stop
It is a horrible situation, that you can blame @POTUS for
Thanks Sen. Rubio! Venezuelan people need help like this
Please. You have to become even more vocal about the criminal behavior of the Maduro regime.  We are in brink of civil war. Trump must speak
If your administration deports Marco Coello to Venezuela, you're sending him to tortures and death.
@ibepacheco Of course, is ridiculous. I'm not understand neither. Freedom please! Help him!
You always point out the right thing to do, and then never seem to do it. Perhaps this time will be different.
Coello fue arrestado,torturado y vejado en mi país Venezuela ,no entiendo semejante aberración
@marcorubio Thank You so much for speaking up for the case of Marco Coello!
Venezuela es una tierra noble y generosa que recibió a inmigrantes del mundo entero y ahora esta sola en esta lucha.
Marco ayuda a Venezuela por favor. Tu eres la única voz constante y persistente que se escucha por estos lados del Atlántico.
I am trusting that you you will have this case solved in no time. This is insane!
Go back to sleep
Hermano pero bien irresponsables esos funcionarios que lo apresaron
Please help the kid as much as you can. Thanks in advance. @RosLehtinen @SenJohnMcCain
@DipMarquina Todos esperamos lo mismo. No pueden deportarlo
USA  los moral compass @SenTedCruz @SenatorReid @Almagro_OEA2015 
Arresting & deporting political prisoner that ran away from Maduro! LOW
@realDonaldTrump please help!!!
We hope it too.
Venezuelans must make a differance in Venezuela not in Miami. My heart goes out to the patriots standing up to an evil regime.
Can you help him?
Thank you Marco!
Maybe @POTUS thought it was cool to have a photo with @liliantintori but he doesn't understand nothing about what is happening in Venezuela
Nos están matando Senador, sabemos de su interés por nosotros, impulse una forma de ayuda más rápida y eficaz, AUXILIO
if you send back to Venezuela, any people, for sure they will be killed!
and thank you for your help!
Not only jailing, they are killing our people, today a 20 years old student was killed by de national guard, they fired a bomb at his chest
How this is possible?
Well said.
Thank you!!
Gracias Senador por su interés, Thanks Senator for your concern
Was he here legally?
Well little Marco is finally getting it - welcome to reality
Please Venezuelan honest people beg you to defend Marco Coello, in Venezuela dictatorship will kill him if he is deporrted. Thank you
@SenBillNelson Well that's the climate Trump and the GOP have created in this country now. Isolationism/ racism. The Emperor has no clothes!
Gracias por ayudar a este chamo. Si alguien merece un asilo es el.
This is who Trump is. He showed you a long time ago. Just another drug dealer rapist to Trump. That's what he sees.
STOP  the madness in the WH. Stand up!
Well the administration did accept money from Maduro so...
Thanks
Apparently @realDonaldTrump got money from Maduro (salserito) for his inauguration, there's a connection
Please stand up for comprehensive immigration reform. You had it right last time
That big teet called socialism/communism has run dry now they can deal with the consequences
Maybe, just maybe, the President has gone too far in what he is allowing immigration officials to do. Sounds like oversight is needed?
Aren't Maduro & Trump supporting each other through Putin $ my sweetie? Citgo te dice algo?Acordate Marquito, y no te haga el boludo porfa 
Not good, this sets the wrong precedent
IS HE MUSLIM? BECAUSE...
Thank you for working to end this brutal oppression in Venezuela. US should send several aircraft carriers to their shores to send message.
Because you're living in a fantasy world. You can't have it both ways. Be a Republican or be a sycophant. But PLEASE pick one.
How can any Republican actually rebuke Trump on this issue? He is doing what all of you have said you wanted for 40 years.
seriously crazy immigration laws!  Is this America?  Do you stand for this?  Do you support?
#sosvenezuela #freeMarcoCoello #nomorerepresion #nomoredeaths
How come OAS is calling for emergency meeting to talk about Venezuela and here they jail a political prisoner?
Senador @marcorubio por favor ayuden a Marco Coello ese niño fue torturado desmedidamente, no lo pueden deportar. Al llegar a Vzla lo matan!
So, Senador Rubio, que piensa hacer al respecto? Venezuelan-American here. I hope you walk the talk.
This is real. In your backyard. These are not "terrorists". Btw, if he applied for asylum, normally that gives him temporary legal status.
If he gets deported, he will be MURDERED. Protestors are being killed in the streets of Vzla by govt forces. Not "fake" news.
Please help this country and not do whatever the crazy man wants.  I'm in Nelson's neck of the woods, but US is US.
Aren't you the same dude who was all cozy up to this corrupt white house administration?

You are my champ!!! Thank you!
Maybe he broke one of our laws while in our country!
So... guilty until proven innocent...
Dud you miss the word "maybe" in my tweet?
When the demons of #xenophobia and #racism are unleashed, they don't easily go back in the bottle.  #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #resist #whyImarch
As a constituent thanks for this and I will keep demanding and encouraging you to STAND UP TO HIM.  #resist #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Hey Marco! Didn't you noticed he isn't our citizen? Why should we care about every foreigner claiming "prosecution"?
Thanks @marcorubio please keep supporting Venezuelan's people. Good bless you!
Thank you!
Thank you very much Senator!
This is Trump's America. This is on you too.
Stand up to this empty headed fuckstick before you have no soul left to sell out...
That is a strange comment.  Did he use proper channels to enter the U.S.?
Thank you ! #sosvenezuela
your help in this case is important. It is unclear how the US is against the Venezuelan government doing this.
Almost like this administration doesn't like foreigners...
Lapidario. Gracias Senador.
Thanks Senator
such a man.
We need to jail @DrPanMD & @DrPaulOffit! Both criminals! Vaccines R destroying lives! Where there is risk, there must be choice! @VP @POTUS
http://www.cubaenmiami.com/agente-de-inmigracion-es-detenido-por-llevar-maleta-con-2-4-millones/ …
He's brown. Of course Donald Trump's immigration officers stopped him
You are obviously the only one in DC who cares about #Venezuela.
Thank you @marcorubio this is the reason I will always voted for you and I will always continue to do it
stop posting on Twitter and do something to help this guy.  You are a Senator from Florida, right?  Why did we elect you?
What about Castro & Maduro having their own people working for ICE????
How can you help Marco???
Why @realDonaldTrump is so quiet about Venezuelan government killing students that protest?
Maybe the protestors here could head to Venzuela if they didn't come back no loss.
Maybe the trump supporters should go to Russia, they sure don't get America.
