Are you sure? There are a lot of brown people down there.  Oh wait, Mar A Lago is also down there. This makes sense now.
His reaction was AMAZING for Houston and HRC won Harris County. Maybe the only one that sees color is you :)
His reaction in Houston was amazing? By taking this opportunity to threaten the DACA folks? How?
His response to Harvey was and is rated significantly better than FEMAs response to sandy. It's okay I'll wait while you catch up with facts
If you could provide a source for this claim I'd be happy to read it.
https://www.news4jax.com/weather/hurricane-matthew/when-will-fema-reimburse-local-governments-for-matthew-costs … 

Ex–FEMA director criticized Obama for La. flood response http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/292285-ex-fema-director-criticized-obama-for-la-flood-response …

All fake news  though, right?
Your "proof" is an opinion on Obama golfing? Chris, this isn't fact or data based.
Yes he factually didn't go golfing. And factually if Trump would have gone golfing we would have ignored it and gave him a pass LooooooooooL
Sure he did he's worried about his golf resort!
From his hideaway
Why not call out why he did not single out Nazis and KKK for exclusion like you did in Charleston? I'm sure they are in Florida as well.
Working on the Tax Reform Plan?? Get to work!!
Rubio you are a traitor...
Marco, he didn't do it for you.
I'm pretty sure he have no options
How about Puerto Rico they are going to need help as well not only Florida where he lives lets not exclude anyone
He has no choice
Now you should offer your full support to the @POTUS
PORQUE NO HAN SANCIONADO A VIELMA MORA Y DIOSDADO CABELLO PROVOCARON MUERTE DE MÁS DE 100 NIÑOS VENEZOLANOS #S.O.S.VENEZUELA
We're looking at $400 billion when you combine Irma and Harvey that's what the price tag will be... here's a chance for us to come together

When will you offer @realDonaldTrump your full support?
Yes he does his part to back you and your state but where are you when he needs. A king?
"You're fucked" - God
You must be fired up to go stand at some shelter hugging people you don't know whose lives you've made worse with every vote you've made
No hay verguenza!
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.miamiherald.com/news/politics-government/article171631047.html …
FEMA is running out of $$$ & it's going to Texas first, but "have a great time" - @POTUS
Maybe you should return the favor and start supporting @POTUS
Nice. What is he doing for the burning west?  Or is that his idea of his afterlife?
You just spoke to your bully, POTUS? I bet he never apologized ...
Who the hell would support this racist bigot much less a POC! What is wrong with you?! #CentralPark5 #birther #daca #MuslimBan #kkk #Nazi
And how man properties does @realDonaldTrump have in Florida?  He did it for personal gain not for the people.  #LiarInChief
Did you apologize to him while you had the chance, for all your disparaging remarks about him this last month ?
You need to say a prayer mr. Rubio
The governor beat you to it. He claimed he talked to POTUS?
Especially Mara Lago
You should go kiss his feet! Saint Trump.
You voted to confirm Scott Pruitt, who is gutting the EPA so sit DOWN.
What the hell does that have to do with the Hurricane?
Yippee.  Your point?
rubio ur a phony go away
You believe him?
He's the liar in chief.... don't trust him nor do I believe a word that comes from his mouth. Btw, I live in soflo, I'm 1 of your voters
When will he be down to hug people and model baseball caps?
No blessings
Too bad he doesn't have your full support in congress
Now it's your turn
shame on you
Support from the guy who believes the scientific reason for stronger, more frequent hurricanes is a chinese hoax. Yay.
That's mighty white of him .... thanks for telling us little Marco
So, Florida is also getting a one million dollar "donation" from Trump? Bahahahaha . 
He already announced that like six times. Thanks for the update though. 
So, we're also getting a one million dollar "donation" from Trump? Bahahahaha . 
Anyone helping PUERTO RICO?
Senator,please don't abandon Puerto Rico.
They've earned.They have sacrificed as much as any state in the Nation
That's not comforting at all. I have less faith in @potus than I do in Carrot Top saving us by scaring the storm away.
Did he call you "Little Marco"?
R u sure it's not a hoax by the Chinese gov?
We cannot afford #climatechange the cost in human lives and damages is far too great!
@marcorubio we'd appreciate your full support on border enforcement, ACA repeal and tax reform! Get behind Trump agenda or get out. #MAGA
As opposed to what I usually do and only support my family and bank accounts
Does that mean he is going to fully staff and fund FEMA Senator?
Did you quote the scripture to him?
untrue, are over 100 deep water rescue vehicles coded as demil c (BS) in DLA surplus storage they refuse to issue.
Your stupid enough to believe that?
Thank you in Hollywood Florida
What is 'Sayfie'? Is it a Florida thing? Thx!
For Texas and Florida electing P Trump is paying off already. Florida is not hopeless Louisiana.
Yeah ...because he has a personal interest there !!
Suck up.  Look in the mirror and realize exactly which side your future bread will be buttered on.  Its not sucking up to #trump. Poor move.
Did he call you Little Marco?
Marco, good for Florida. You can go wash off the stink now.
Did you pucker up and kiss his backside Senator? You are an embarrassment to the Sunshine State - do us a favor and resign

Does this mean you and your master are actually listening to the 99% of scientists that say AGW is real?
Can someone get fuel out to the peoples who want to leave?
What's left??? FEMA will be starving for money soon
We don't want him or you, preacher man.
Pay attention; the POTUS called!
FloridaHASbeen throughMANYhurricanes! We'll be just fine! It's a fast mover and will run up the East Coast of Florida headingNorth! Atlantic
"A foam party participant should not speak with a traitor's scrotum in his mouth." Pretty sure that's somewhere in Proverbs.
Glad @POTUS not like last guy who spent time playing golf while Louisiana was being flooded or ballgame during terrorist attack. Real ldr!
Socialism!!!!!!
Medicare Medicaid is refusing to refill RX
And you keep believing that guy? 
Does your hands still sweat when you talk to him?
@realDonaldTrump DID NOT mention you in his tweet about who he spoke with??? No shot out to little Marco???
Did you start with a bible quote?
Need to link Irma aid to debt ceiling. Don't want Tx @gop to change their mind yet again about requiring offsets @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Stop

Let his days be few; and let another take his office. Psalm 109:8

Did you speak 2 Trump about keeping & protecting DACA?We must do the right thing with these young people They deserve 2 dream big like U & I
Let me guess you said nothing abt DACA right? Good job #littlemarco #maga #alternativefacts #resist #defendDaca #resistance #notmypresident
Any discussion of who has bigger hands?
We live here we know how to get through this.. please for the sake of God get something done.
Did he say "Hey little Marco big T's got your back?"
See Marco, he is a wonderful, caring President,  unlike that damned Muslim terrorist we had for 8 long years.
GOD bless you son; GOD is in control!
MR runs to pres only whenever he wants something. What a shame
What no bible verse? Shocking
Did you take a moment to ask him why he wants to make the lives of DREAMers a living hell?
"trump is a con artist." -marco rubio, 2016. #conartist Good luck with that, FL.  I'm rooting for FL despite having to root for Maralago.
And we all know how he always keeps his word Seriously, how naive are you? It is always about DJT, nothing else.
That's automatic as part of the National Response Plan.
What federal government support, since your party is slashing and burning it all?  did he promise $1 million dollars too?
What about Puerto Rico? US Territory. I hope the same offer goes to them.
I really dislike lying slimy politicians! Vote no confidence in any elected official. - Sign the Petition!
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,#HurricaneIrma could be disastrous,emergency services alert,evacuate,more support,help..
Did he give permission to help non white folks also because we know he dislikes them... your leader is a racist!!!!
Why want you do your job and back OUR president
Did you happen to throw Dreamers into your conversation?
Oh Marco, you are such a big boy
Wow so nice of POTUS.. excellent job 
Are you going to give your full support to POTUS
Did he mention the size of his inauguration crowd?
At least he's learned his lesson from Harvey in Texas and Louisiana pity he doesn't learn so easily when it comes to Russia and Treason!!!
Awww - your hero...
Oh..now you're speaking w/Trump, otherwise you've only time for bible verses. Well, time to start working WITH your President-2018s close.
Marco, will you find Polo in the waves ? SELL OUT no matter how good you look today your still a soul sold  devil ! KARMA #IrmaHurricane
Great reminder of the critical importance of a strong federal government.  Please remember this next time your party trashes the idea.
Except he's only interested in Mar A Lago and how big his insurance scam check will be. Size matters!
I want you in Miami on top of a building just you and prayer.
Did you ask if mar a logo could be used as a shelter?
Marco regardless he's not cool.
Sapo
#WeSeeYou #RatBastard #SR118 #KillHRes257 in the House.
Little Marco
Did you hold the phone with your Little Marco hands?
Big F deal!
Prayers for #Florida & #PuertoRico 
Wonder what the left will find wrong with that?
Does he still call you little Marco? That can be awkward.
Tell him to stay in DC, instead of ND. That money could be used for hurricane relief
go back to mexico, Little Marco
Lol he's Cuban
Mark Cuban can go back to mexico with him
Silly
Don't worry climate change isn't real. This is normal
Yes Little Marco, go lick the boot of a man who completely denigrated you.  All you will get in return are empty promises. My favorite kind!
DACA
Remember he his a lying con man... Next week he will be saying tough luck little Marco! I am taking care of Mar A Lago with tax payer money
If course he would support Florida. Just wish you would support him.
Regretting that Scott Pruitt vote yet Little Marco?
Of course he did.
My son and his wife live close to your office in Doral. LI told them to get in their car and start driving north!
did you also talk to him about the #daca kids?
How nice of him .
how little you are.
ur his little dink. Stand up and be something, besides being his lackey. Little Marco.
Did he call you Little Marco on the phone?
Bet that little sucker was sweating up a storm when the phone started ringing
Of course, he did, he owns properties there.  

*Insert bible verse here

MORIRÁ @Pontifex_es en Colombia?? https://twitter.com/KALIMAN2017/status/905490926138785792 … @POTUS @Pontifex @VP @FoxNews @WSJ Bergoglio se quemará en Colombia. YHWH @NTN24ve
Of course he does!
Good news. Now it's time for YOU to step up and support our Potus! We voters expect more from you. #2018midterms
oh that means a lot Marco. He's said so much that he's actually delivered on. Oh wait. No. No, that's never happened
Love Trump!
called to offer his ass for more kisses
Did he offer a fake check for $1M?
You are a Trumplican !!
somebody hand little Marco a water bottle so he can shut TFU
Thanks for sharing
Can the government really provide full support if the Fuhrer shuts it down!?  Or is that another of those lousy ideas that he's reversed??
He won't be much help once he gets to prison
Have you talked to the Polk county sheriff? He's asking for ID for people to enter shelters. Law enforcement in time of disaster
WELL DUH... WONDER HOW MUCH @realDonaldTrump WILL DONATE TO FLORIDA AND NOT DO IT! 
#HOUSTONSTRONG
Trump donated $1 million to 12 charities for Harvey relief,  so why do you think wouldn't be donate for Irma relief?
except for action on climate change of course, since #Harvey and #Irma are perfectly normal
Wheee.

Stay safe
Get ahead of this one.
¿Did he called you Little Marco?

Best President Ever. Finally a Politician who cares about the people. His success is the country's success.
