Then why did you vote to sensor Sen Warren?  She was merely reading from MLK's widows letter...that's dignified!!!
It's people like Mary that are causing the problems. Get over it and come together for the good of USA!
It's not people like me...it's people like you who are blind to the damage being done to our country by Trump!
It's only your opinion he's doing damage. Sorry you lost but he's going to #MAGA. Talk to us in 8 years.
I blame Trump
Marco your people are acting more like Trump everyday. BUllying. Puffing up there chest like the rosters that they are.
And wakeup1212 your people are screaming, stomping, crying, pouting and acting like sore losers. Get over it
(2) that corruption breeds anger. Anger that USA lost its jobs, its manufacturing, its life while the Elites line their pockets at our expen
#SavetheACA KILL #Trumpcare !  NO #tax break on the backs of #working #Americans #SinglePayer #preexistingcondition
Rubio today is good time to confront Comet with his admission in video in Feb..Comey perjured himself
Please do the right thing. Don't help cover up. You can be republican hero! Votes!
Do you think that you can please stand up for our president you better  understand that the polls about him are really off
Bulldog Mario!good job today!!!
my wife and I called your office today.  We would like to know why you don't support public education?
Because we need a better way than "public".
and you think that monster Mrs. DeVous has the answers? Thanks but no thanks.  Rubio is spineless.
She may well have ideas that will help our school curriculum improve so that U.S. students rank higher.
I couldn't disagree more. Nothing she has done so far supports that idea.
I disagree, but only time will tell if either of us is close to correct
  Goodnight.
Your line of questioning with Comey made it look as though Trump has gotten to you.  Have you been dining with him?
How about civility at the hearings Sick of the LIES and INNUENDOS..it's a distraction of getting REAL WORK DONE! Time to END this FARCE!
#CountryOverParty  #USA

Thanks for your good questions today. Dinner DJT, not good  I NEED EXPEXT LOYALTY, With job of fbi is Obstruction.
He's so full of Shit !!Our discourse with the DemoRats isn't vicious because they have different beliefs, its becuz we see their corruption
Thank you for your straightforward line of questioning towards J. Comey, you have done your job fairly and honestly. Thanks again.
You asked that after your debate with the now president?  You guys took it to uncontested lows. 
You GOP traitor.
Protect our country from the traitor in the WH.
Loser. Did you need to get directions to find the Senate?

Trump's lapdog.
I voted for you! Now I am shocked! I disagreed that you dine with him.  As of today, 14 of my inner circle have left the GOP.
Shoulda thought of that long ago you puss.
I hope U enjoy your dinner w/ Trump...To see if you are "Loyal"? Your actions will be watched with a microscope for eternity, "Little Marco"
Why should the Senate be dignified?  Call @realDonaldTrump out on his lack of civility first, then this statement has merit.
ABSOLUTELY PROUD OF YOU!!! Well done Sir! Thank you for all you do! Great job today #comeyHearings
I certainly hope your dinner with trump does not interfere with fair questioning of comey.   Stand up for your country
I agree. Why was Liz censured but at least 2 other senators weren't, they read the same letter.
You work for the people not Putin's puppet
 Grow some balls and stand up for America
You're a sheep, Little Marco. Unfortunately you're leading Americans to slaughter. We will remember.
by blindly following what he knows to be poor choices for #WeThePeople
Thank you for clarifying simple facts of what was learned by comey.Dems trying to lead comey answers disgusting !!
TRUMP PUPPET
In today's hearing, thank you for being nonpartisan & asking q's regarding the potential investigation interference.
By the way, did you get one scoop or two last night?
Dignity? YOU who are having dinner with Trump right before questioning Comey dare speak of DIGNITY?!
Don't let your dinner w/Trump cloud your judgement when u question Comey! Remember u don't work for Trump! U r there for US citizens.
you need to urge them to do something constructive, and pass the agenda @POTUS  was elected on.  All of his appointees should be be in now!
For God Sakes, push back against DJT & plan from beginning to  lift Russia sanctions in exchange for nothing but their getting Exxon Rus$
If you're not going to represent your constituents, you should resign and let some who will.
Are you're asleep or on the take from Putin? Trump is wrecking our country and you quote the Bible and fail your constitutional duties.
It's hard to show civility when your constituents see the utter lack of leadership from you and your colleagues.
Nothing civil about obstructing investigation into POTUS collusion w/Russia. Niceties and social mannerisms is lipstick on a pig.
You are the last person to talk about dignified manner, you better support our President! Menso Rubio!!!
Words still rang true months later!
Comey testified to Congress no one tried to influence or obstruct investigation. Now he says Trump did. Did Comey lie?
If you take UR speech to Senate & substitute USA for Venezuela. The similarities are more than ironic - it's a road map to our future
Give us a special prosecutor.
Just curious Are you at the Republican "deeply troubled" stage yet? #ImpeachTrump #coward
If a bloated despot ends up in the White House & the senate does nothing, what else is going to happen? #russiagate
#StillSilent about #Trump? Silence is acquiescence.
Years from now, our kids will ask what we did to stop fascism. YOUR kids & grandkids will see you as an accomplice to fascism. #impeach
Where are you Senator Rubio and the Congress on the Russia-Trump Leak?
show backbone first
You're a dope since you haven't bothered to censure Donald Trump, or speak out. Silence means cooperation.
Nice lecture... meanwhile your leader threatens, insults, & slanders people daily......
@marcorubio Why is the Senate men writing the healthcare bill in secret? No hearings? No public? SHADY!!!!!
Senator Rubio, Special Prosecutor now. What are you waiting for, the Russians to take over the Oval Office?
Wait.....
I liked your sentiments here.  In light of current events, show the world you support an independent investigation into Russian interference
Where is the dignified manner from @POTUS? What do you say as #Trump attacks #FBI #CIA #Judiciary #Media You're silence just condones this
On Comey's firing - “I don’t think it will have an impact... That’s somebody else’s decision to make.” If not you, who? Get off the fence!!!
It's started with your POTUS and his inability to do so.
Senator, with all due respect, why aren't you weighing in on the firing of the FBI Director?   We need leaders, risk takers, not status quo
I am more concerned about the US Senate addressing an out of control @POTUS who happens to be a Republican and just fired the FBI Director!
Senator Rubio, how about a productive, respectful, open debate w/your intelligent hard working constituents? #MiamiTownhall #Where'sMarco?
Are you voting for @realDonaldTrump info commercial negotiating health care for tax cuts?  DEBATE #trumpcare  w/ @RosLehtinen whom voted NO.
Your constituents arent just #Venezuelans, #Cubans, & #LatinBusinessAssociation. It's also #rednecks, #farmers, #elderly, #veterans; its #FL
Lead by example. Have scheduled #townhall meetings with local @FloridaGOP clubs and promote discourse, communication, & representation.
One can say the same re: #TownHall meetings which you refuse to hold.  You silence @SenWarren you silence your constituents @FloridaGOP @GOP
Well said! Congress should work as an All American Team- once competitors on rival teams, now working TOGETHER in unity and with respect.
Civility is fine. Then use your vote to defeat Trumpcare or you lose mine
well said Senator. If only we had a President with half as much decorum and common sense as you do. Pls help us.
You sir, are extremely intelligent and dignified. Please help us out of this terrible mess. U will be a great pres one day
Hacen política, siguen armados, se quedan en zonas donde cultivan la Coca siguen delinquiendo llamán disidentes hasta Cuand?
Senador FARC siguen adoctrinamiento Bolivariano -Castro-Chavismo, como a estos Naro-terroristas Se les premia con impunidad?
The GOP would receive more civility if they showed that they cared about the citizens. Will you make the right choice in healthcare?
I didn't see this dignity while you were debating Trump during the elections and now your his bff. Leaders should lead by example.
Please do the right thing. VOTE NO today on this huge step backward. Trumpcare is terrible for most Floridians. Fix the ACA !!!
Marco I hate you ( just kidding) Nice speech. I wish the Senate wpuld expand that conversation to what's happening on college campus
Let's see you support the investigation into Trump ties with Russia and their interference into the 2016 election !
If we had single payer healthcare we could afford food and housing.
Amazing speech! We really feel like no one hears us. We are afraid. We desperately need single payer healthcare.
Please get rid of the insurance companies. We can't afford them. Please at least think about single payer. We will die.
You say a lot of the right things, ask the right questions but your votes negate it all.
Reach in your pocket I bet there's 100K in there from Devos Family! Rubio's word means Nothing Mr Retractor like Trump.
If? I think that Mitch McConnell & Co already took care of that. The senate is now just the house by another name. Republican values!
I demand as a resident of Florida that you call for the president's taxes be released!
I demand as a resident of Florida that you investigate the president for sufficient grounds to impeach!
The kids pictured on your Twitter page are being deported and families broken up. Return to your senses. Stop this mad man. B4 its 2 late.
Sen. Come factfinding. See >$1,000,000 NavyFRCSW CA
fraudwasteabuse. I will give you a tour. Threat to Nat Security
https://integrityvetsos.wordpress.com/ 
God Bless @marcorubio
1/ Nice sentiment but I'd suggest u take it  bc Well #Hypocrite U went #NUCLEAR on ability 2 debate. U can't #BlameDems U entered the code
2/ AND Like WTF? R u even able 2 #accomplish anything w/o #rewriting the #rules. I know deep in ur gut u don't like trump but ur....
Your a hypocrite and it's the republican party that's standing behind trump that is f....n up OUR country. You know he is with Russia.
why won't you attend townhall mtgs? Scared "little marco" doesn't want to get scolded Where is your dignity in regard FL #USA
@marcorubio,#UniteUS @SenateGOP @SenateDems 
#LoveFreeSpeech but show #Respect for opposing points of view.#DebateShouldLeadtoDiscussion
DrY
Senator Rubio - If you really want to defeat Putin's regime Initiate an international investigation into house bombings in 1999 in Russia.
Nailed it!
The senate lost it's credibility, dignity and honor decades ago.
3/ picking him. Paraphrasing. They are sitting at table in WH. Also, FBI investigating. And apparently there's a lot there. So R"s did this.
2/ 1 hour after Scalia died, McConnell said O could not pick. 11 months left. Gorsuch far right. Look at tape where T thanks Fed Soc for
We all know history. R's held up O's fed judges. Meeting, people bared their soul. Agreed. R's backed out, so REID had NO choice.
Loved your speech. Very meaningful. Hope you will consider running for president again.
You voted to put a misogynist, anti-worker, plagiarist on a stolen Supreme Court seat. I've "dispelled with the notion" of your integrity.
There is a need for the Senate to be able to debate in a responsible, respectable manner.
Thank you @SenRubioPress
希望有一天，真实的在美国看看。民主法治人权
Hope one day, the real look in the United States. Democracy and the rule of law
If GOP goes nuclear on #Gorsuch it will not only blow up the Senate. It will blow up your party. And you can thank yourselves for that!
On Reality TV or Fox Fake News where your ignoramus-in-chief gets his information
I certainly hope you are voting yes on the scotus nominee.
Sir, spot on!  However, our sitting President has set the stage for Hateful rhetoric.  He leads that charge.  @realDonaldTrump
Dems ARE conducting in a dignified manner, so you should SUPPORT their efforts to STOP the FAR RIGHT/Brietbart GOP. BLOCK GORSUCH.
I want you to think about us, NNNOOOO on Gorsuch. You will have my vote.
Support our pro-America president and his agenda senator
Try to be more unifying.
You should give your constituents a chance & hold #TownHall next state work period breaks.
are you not paying attention? Look around you and see what has happened already. Downward spiral of many, many things. Shame.
We're definitely paying attention Senator.
PRES TRUMP HAS SET STANDARD FOR GOP AND IT IS NOT CIVIL GET REAL RUBIO STAND UP TO YOUR PARTY AND TRUMP
Address Trump TREASON first
vote NO on the healthcare abomination that EVERYBODY hates! A Constituent
GOP thinks they got majority so they got high and arrogant and do not care about ordinary people GOP true color
You just talk good value but POTUS and GOP doing ACA dismantle for poor and elder people and sold to rich selfish people
like the past 6yrs of Obstruction I forgot you weren't there the past 2 yrs  Hold a #TownHall You say One thing Vote another
Be a real man for once in your miserable little life and vote against Trumpcare which will kill millions, particularly elder
Still waiting for your Answer Senator? I am a Fl Resisdent. Don't I deserve a answer? Or are you away from your desk again another 2 yr vaca
@MarcoVeterans  Have to disagree. All the hate I see is coming from the left.
.@SenRubioPress real patriots would't allow this treasonous activity in our government. He s under investigation. He shouldn't  pick SCOTUS.
Senator Rubio, please don't pass a health care bill that subsidizes the rich insurance companies with tax $$.
Instead, give the Tax payers tax deductions for health insurance costs. Ins companies doubled profits under Obama care!
"Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI?" -@marcorubio
treason
Amazing presentation!  Liberals preach love, not hate, but never have I seen such hate as theirs for POTUS, & I'm a liberal.
I knew my state & many Christian friends would support DT but I couldn't.  The campaign, however, has made u a statesman.Thnx

is Demorcrate or Republican? I you a republican stick with the party in support
