I hope the only place it hits is mar-a-lago
I despise Trump as much as anyone but it's foolish to wish harm on FL just b/c Mar-a-Lago is here. It's really scary here in FL
Hence why I said I hope the *only* place it hits is mar-a-lago, I don't wish harm on anyone champ.
I'd love for you to show me where in my previous tweet I said "I hope harm, destruction and utter devastation falls upon thy"
Again, where did I specifically say "I hope it harms people"? A building isn't a person babe.
I wonder if Mar a Lago was destroyed how fast Trump would be asking for money
Well he donated a million to Texas asshole. Keep up.
Pledged and actually donating are two different things. Know your facts troll
That's funny nut job. His paycheck pledged and paid. What have you done. Too busy being hateful. Grow up.
His paycheck doesn't go to Harvey relief..any more facts you'd like to twist?? Maybe the Earth is flat in your world but we know the truth
Wow. Obama olayed golf during a hurricane and was lauded. You must know an unnamed source who knows something about the million.
And his Foundation has been frozen by the state attorney general for self dealing like that Tebow helmet he bought himself lol
Hope it wipes away EVERY SINGLE TRUMP PROPERTY & spares ALL the  rest
Very hateful left. Really disgusting.
He gets what he puts out along with his hateful right supporters God WILL judge y'all
I think you feel a lot of guilt for dem history of slavery and racism. Shame on you.
Lmao I bet you feel alot of guilt for supporting Trump & his hateful ways & are scared Gods fixing to judge YOU
I mean it is tough to know dems blocked 13th amendment. Very hurtful. Please list Obamas accomplishments. Include murder rate, no GDP growth
Obama's accomplishments are WELL DOCUMENTED You try stating what Trump has done not what he's UNDONE Wheres his "the best" healthplan he had
He accomplished fking up entire country.  Well documented.
Thank you my President
Well, Mar-a-Lago is in Florida isn't it..? Don't recall pre-landfall emergency being declared for Houston though.
All you can do is complain
only beacuse his property is there. hope it'll be the first thing to go.
I'm a Florida resident living about 50 mi north of his property. Wishing him ill will means ppl like me will suffer
And what about those in Puerto Rico? Or don't they count in his eyes?
Some of you people are sick.
You people are sick.
It's just so he can scam more money from us actual taxpayers just like the last time he claimed millions in damages that didn't happen
@realDonaldTrump Seems as though horrible storms are a real boon for you.  Tremendous.  Biggest ever.  U love ur Emergency declarations.
Wow. Despicable comment.
He's a president who is on top of things, not on a putting green.
Golfing six times in the first month ain't enough? BTW already depleted the Secret service budget.  Guess they don't tell you that on FOx
That's not even true. Some SS agents are at the overtime limit as allowed by law. The budget is fine. Huffpost didn't tell you that?
That's President Trump.
Live in FL. Find it offensive that all of you are wishing destruction to his property. Means everyone will have damage 2
feel terrible for all victims of these storms, but if mara-lago could be devastated it would be the true meaning of a silver lining
You are deplorable
Watch out Mar A Lago.  We are all hoping it's obliterated without damaging anything else.
Very rude !!
Mar-A-Lago is the first in the line. @realDonaldTrump
Thanks President Obama @POTUS44  for sitting FEMA up so well before you left. #MAGA dump Trump
Trump could cure cancer and these morons would suddenly be concerned about over-population. You lost an election, get over it!
Where was this cocksucker when Harvey was on his way to Houston? #clown
No matter what takes place haters are always gonna hate.  Don't you know the heart of a fool flows out with foolishness and hate
There are some real unhappy people in this thread that need some perspective. Can we agree that the sun rises in the east?

President Trump like the FL Gov. believes it better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it, being Proactive DC not used to.
Yeah Trump here's your next chance to act like you're taking care of everything.Do your spin thing. Showoff... Where's PENCE? He acts too!
How about Puerto Rico
They also have a pre-landfall emergency declaration
Son in Key West, all flights closed. Tried to change rental car drop off, @Hertz is adding $400 fee. Thanks @Hertz, I'll let everyone know.
So sorry to hear that. Horrible. Prayers your son stays safe.
Thank you for your unTwitterlike sentiment. I had to make a road trip, but all are/were safe.
Now this idiot wants to act like he has a clue? It's all PR to make it look like he's doing so much, when nothing has been done. #fakepres
He is desperate to seem presidential.  Fat chance, bozo.
It is time for YOU to become a real man you owe PRESIDENT OBAMA one hell of an apology for birtherism  debunct and wire tapping. I dare you!
TRUMP STARTED WORKING HURRICANE RELIEF BEFORE IT HIT, Obama played golf
How many tax payer dollars will to into his pocket if Irma plows through Mar A Lago?  I'm sure while others suffer he will profit bigly.
Hope the @AstrosFuture  @astros  complex doesn't get destroyed
Thank you @POTUS
Thank goodness someone told him to do that... #FakePresident
Hope it only hits his resort.
If there is a God, the only devastation in Florida will be that vulgar effing Mar-a-lago.  Swept into the ocean then sucked under.
Way to stay ahead ahead & on top of this situation!  Much better response than previous presidents!!
I hate that face
The US Virgin Islands, with about 100,000 people, declared a state of emergency Tuesday and ordered the National Guard into active service.
U.S. Virgin Islands receiving same Emergency Declaration as Florida.
Puerto Rico's governor asked Trump to declare a state of emergency in the commonwealth for access to federal emergency funds. ANYTHING?
Puerto Rico receiving same Emergency Declaration as Florida & U.S. Virgin Islands.
@marcorubio Why isn't he responding to requests for federal assistance with the forest fires in Montana?
Find someone in his administration that can read and send them a message.
He'll be stumping in North Dakota while Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands are due to be approached by Cat. 5 hurricane. Think he ...1/
...knows that these are U.S. Territories? Probably not. 2/2
Yeah, why don't you go over there to welcome It w/open mouth and arms!
Show of hands: how many think Melania is planning her hundred thousand dollar wardrobe and shoes right now for a trip to Florida?
Please,  why do we have to be tortured like this.  It's ridiculous.  Make him cut it out. !!!!
I hope Irma destroys Mar-a-Lago.
45 will lie about the value to vet more money.
Especially since a lot of charities dropped their events at M-a-logo. He needs $$
#MarcoRubio is a shameful face to all #Latinos worldwide!
Tryna protect MaraFugo

Forgot how ugly and nasty The Hill readers can be.
What an arrogant smirk!
Hey snowflakes losers he doesn't need to free money he's got enough to give you bunch of envious........
It's a good thing the hurricanes are hitting Red states.
Do not help the Pedofiles Please!
The slobs only bothered about Mar-a-Lago. He doesn't give a shit.
Good luck with that one Little Marco, the orange butt plug will show up afterwards to see "what a great crowd" will meet him at the airport.
UM, did he forget to do that for Harvey? I didn't think so, His only concern is his resort.Coast Guard cannot protect his property from Irma
Hardened hearts all if you.
As a Florida resident I find all of this offensive. I live about 50 miles north of Palm Beach and this is frightening.
Mar a Logo is going to be a Reef.
I bet he acts like he cares now that his precious Mar-a-lago is in the path of the storm. Won't b bragging about how great the storm is now
Well at least we know Florida will get relief if it gets damaged...
Definitely
.@realdonaldtrump - A post-election windbag declaring a pre-landfall emergency. #HurricaneIrma #Florida
So what's the difference between Houston and Florida? Does @realDonaldTrump not own any property in Houston? #ImpeachTrump #Corruption
what an idiotic statement!
I'm sure there will be plenty of DREAMERS helping with rescue and recovery in Fla. Will they b used & then deported? Sad as world watches US
Ah, federal funding. I hope Rick Scott chokes on it.  Hypocrite
As a Floridian who is nervous about Irma...please let it destroy Mar-a-lago, please.
Why not have the National Day of Prayer now so maybe it can help.

What about the Virgin Islands?
Thank God Trump is on this and will work now with the state of Florida to help as best the federal government can.
May Mar-a-lago suffer a direct hit
You may not like him but wishing destruction to his property means that I and other Floridians will also suffer.
I have people in South Florida. I wish only harm on the one whose policies and executive orders harm so many. His property. Not his person.
Of course he does!
Why are most people and trump only worried about Florida?
 for Florida, but also...
#USVI and #PuertoRico 
#dontforgeteachother
What about Puerto Rico and the USVI? Has anyone told you they are American Citizens too?
It includes them too. It's in the article.
This is what crisis management is about doing what you can before tragedy strikes
What about the US territories of PR and VI where its going to hit first?  The people there are American citizens too.
Praying for ppl in FL   -Sen. Please protect DACA, they didn't come here to break the law.
I'm a Floridian and it's scary. I'm probably going to finish putting up hurricane shutters and leaving the state.
That's good. That's 2. I forgot what the other was, oh stop Muslims from entering our country.
Shame he wouldn't do that for Texas.
I bet he's already asked Congress for a billion for Mar A Lago.
Let's hope it hits Mar-a-lago!!!!!  @realDonaldTrump
Very hateful. My god.
Gotta insure the govt pays for damage to mar a lago.
Well here's another possibl situation to try and act like a leader
What's he doing about his beloved property in St. Martin....going to be under water soon
The only possible upshot of Irma would be any damage it does to Mar-A-Lago, except we'd all end up paying for the restoration.
This is pre-sumptuous.  What a potential waste of tax dollars.
That was quick I remember with Obama it took forever just because of the political Revenge over contraceptives and abortion. Scott, Rubio.
Isn't That his Job? Oh that's Right Mar-a-logo is in Florida. #TrumpRussia
Thank u .were going to need it
What does that do?
Mar-A-Lago is in the path.  Cheeto Benito has to protect his business interests.
Dear Karma, if you're listening there's a resort In Florida that needs some attention from you.
Wtf..is a pre-landfall emergency? Does he just make shit up as the day goes along?
No, scamming the govt.
it is very likely Mar-A-Lago already filed a claim.
Also very likely that if they haven't yet, they will--even if there is no damage whatsoever.
Very dumb comment. Please share what you have done for texas
So the monkey can learn some things. Wonder if this promise will actually have a yield or is it just another bait & switch
He owns property there
He's getting really good at declaring emergencies
not for the West coast where fires are raging all over the place
Obama never promised ANYONE ANYTHING, in June 2012. To many people wasted time, sitting on their hands, feeling themselves "Special"! They
are not "Special". The fastest, easiest path to Citizenship, is military service, combined with remaining lawful. Very few do either.
He might just want to change that to Louisiana or Texas as earlier predictions are now showing maybe a left turn towards the 2 clipping fl.

wait for it ... Well Duh! Yes! Mar-a-Dildo is in the path is why! Hello! Anybody home?
Just the foreign workers? I hope they are able to evacuate.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, go batten down the hatches at Mar-a-lago.  Go where the media won't.  Go be a hero.  Hell, go to Puerto Rico.
@realDonaldTrump: "Oh, good!  Another disaster to focus on other than my administration."
PRE-landfall???    Isn't he concerned about his property there?    
What has been done for Puerto Rico?
He has the best brain.
