More people were convicted & jailed for far less. 

https://twitter.com/usa1stalways/status/866328805933187074 … 

#CNNSOTU #ComeyMemo #SpecialCounsel
Using #BleachBit 2wipe 30Kemails, smashing BB, Bill & Lynch secret meeting &

http://youtu.be/wbkS26PX4rc 

…
DNC refused to give FBI access to their comp/server to investigate leak, but there's no no obstruction there. 


#CNNSOTU #Comey
Claims Lynch promised 2keep Clinton fr being prosecuted, no Investigation 
Comey: not obstruction of justice,
Senator, I voted for you in the primaries. Why don't you care about the facts pertaining to HRC,ClintonPay4play,leaks,spying on citizens?
And how did all the Hillary investigations go?
Russia/DJT investigation since July Findings 0

Now obstruction investigation

Both pushed by DIMMS/MSM

N u/GOP follow their lead

Congrats
Support your President  and the people who voted for him.
You allow yourself to be a pawn for the Dems.  Think this will gain you political points? You forget who the people chose as President & why
I agree we all want justice but please remember which side your on. Be positive about our President. We voted for him.
How many investigations do we need on the same subject? Are there 3-4? Including one already done by the CIA? Should we add more?
This investigation could go on for a decade and then someone will.just end it and say there wasn't enough evidence
You guys are grabbing at straws
Why do your words ring hollow?  Oh yes, because you follow the $$.  DeVos, etc.  El amor de dinero, Marquito.
where is the intelligence in the intelligence committee? Al G. Nancy P. Chucky S. need mentality test ASAP
U also claim these so-called issues get in the way

Of what?!

Can't you pass legislation w/out the approval of the "minority" party?! WTH
Trump was willing to lie to America & undermine the integrity of the DNI NSA & FBI for no reason other than himself
The problem here is that will the liberals and liberal media move on once it's proven that there was no trump Russia collusion. Apologies?

Why are you not talking about our Pres amazing trip??  Quit pushing the Rino crap your hanging out with the wrong crowd
Sickening that Republicans can't muster enough gutts to defend our POTUS from a political coup.

Leads me to believe they want it !
"Leads me to believe they want it !"

No doubt---they don't like citizens taking the role they believe is reserved for the political elite
That was a fantastic interview. It's sad how few people are willing to wait for facts before passing judgement nowadays.
Do your OWN research. The facts are there and, if you care anything about our COUNTRY, you will be freaked out at the depth of onvolvement
I did research & yet to see any evidence, & I was freaked out over the Clinton's corruption based on facts.
Snipers of the Venezuelan regime #cied freeway # 22mayo #venezuela #Caracas help please https://www.instagram.com/p/BUZ8vunhy5z/ 
Please tell us why you want Comey's "feelings" when he testified under oath that he was NEVER asked to change any investigation aspect!
It will look like a real conspiracy witch hunt on the president if we don't demand Clinton, Lynch and Obama!
The stench of the complicit GOP surrounds you.  I trust Comey and Mueller.
Time to impeach POTUS. He's committed obstruction of justice, conflict of interest, abuse of power, and has made WH Trumps corporate office.
POTUS thinks the Middle East needs some more guns and bombs. Not enough there apparently? Who knew?
Yup, Obama made dam sure that Iran would get Nuclear weapons and even gave them pallets of unmarked cash to buy more weapons. Feel safer now
Facts or alternative facts. If you believe in facts, why do you continue to support Trump?  #AlternativeFacts #Hypocrisy
There are many Floridians, who won't be supporting Rubio! He is NOT supporting our POTUS! This will come back & kick you out!
Duh!
Because if your Trumps puppet, that means your Putins puppet too!
Don't be another one of Trumps puppet!
So true.
@Almagro_OEA2015 @marcorubio @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump @CNNVenezuela @NTN24ve @BBCBreaking @Reuters
So you have made up your mind also....
Think maybe you need NON political people to sit in and listen to investigative meetings.
I never heard you talk like this when Obama was in office. You just went along to get along.
Rubio will be used by the media + then be thrown away. Tea Party doesn't trust him.He's for everything we stand against and we're not fooled
The facts is you are looking for problems! Us has interfered in 45 country elections! Check out Seth Rich! He was the hacker not Russia!
You need to resign now for putting party over country first for not doing anything about trump leaking classified intel! Lock him up!!!
Shut up!   Now you are saying this because the  will hit the fan!!!  Shame on you !!!!
Yes it is a witch hunt. As a Florida voter I will tell you you need to put this fake scandal to bed. #MAGA
Please look at the source of this scandal. All smoke and no fire. Can't prove a negative.
And not to look at any of Obama s indiscretions,  right
But that does not mean Trump had collusion with the Russians.
Go after HILLARY period. Deep State is not going to do this crap to our president
No he did nothing wrong.
About time you said something. Start acting like one of the top leaders of this country. You have a responsibility to the people of the USA
If you're investigating Russia and their interference in 2016 election, are you also looking at Clinton and Sanders during campaigns?
I've ALWAYS doubted your concern about Russian interference as it seems to depend entirely on your sense of political expediency.
OMG. Were you clowns paying attention when the dnc worked bernie sanders over?
You'd have already filed impeachment charges against HRC if she did anything remotely like this. 
#GOPhypocrites
#russiagate
you're on a witch hunt. I loathe you people.
Except you lie.
I think it would give Rubio great pleasure to see Trump impeached, the way Trump treated him during the primary debates
this is fake news marco, common man !
Read @WikiLeaks please for 10 yrs of truth. @julianassange @stephenkbannon McCain & crew are nuts. Don't peeps want peace? Defies logic! 
Thank you Marco! We certainly need your calm and cool head with ask the controversy surrounding DC
@stephenkbannon This man is warmonger. He knows he's lying. @NolteNC @JulianAssange @JesusCLives2016
Why do hate everyone & lie? Asking for peeps who love US & peace. @wikileaks @POTUS @USMC @Snowden @KimDotcom @JulianAssange @stephenkbannon
Floridians are watching
I'm a Floridian. Can U truly facilitate 'truth will out'? Or will U contort facts to provide 'deniability' per @GOPoversight ? ShowUrQuality
How absurd! @GOP ignores facts. Always. 

Sad!
Lmao until it leads to something and President Tramp has to pay.  Then you all will say just the opposite of what you say now. WhyHypocrites
Little Rubio we did get what we voted for . A real POTUS for the first time in years 
Sen Marco, you do your job, efficiently, effectively and I pray to God you do so in a way that produces for you a clear conscience
Shame on you, selling out to Trump who insulted you whenever he could a year ago.  Que vergüenza!
Boo!!
I'm sure you and your GOP  pals will try some diversions and smoke screens along the way.  Party first you know.  Screw the legalities.
Make sure to actually and truthfully do your job
We know who did took billions destroyed evidence CLINTON TRUMP supporters want you to know 2018 is coming keep you seat lock her up CLINTON
Your job is not to grandstand and complete your work swiftly. Stop wasting our money with 3 branches doing the same thing
Clinton took billions congress ask emails destroyed them hammered phones guilty beyond doubt TRUMP no proof nothing left wants impeachment
Ya, you were against Wikileaks? You endorsed Cheeto "I Love Wikileaks" Trump.
Little Rubio .. do your job you were elected to do Back the POTUS! We are watching and all you doing nothing . you will the first voted out
You and the swamp are not to be trusted.
Senator, did you actually criticize Venezuelans who blindly follow their corrupt leader?
The fact is your party needs to realize supporting a man who suffers from a mental incapacity will harm this great country.
real question is "did the intelligence community' arrive at way to get rid of president trump?? public servants sign oath of allegience ..
You would not be pursuing any facts if the Press and the People were not pressuring and supplying some heat and material!
A ustedes lo que les falta es malicia y sexto sentido para que les funcione la inteligencia;por sus frutos los conocereis y ustedes ingenuos
Is that why you're trying so hard to convince the American people to drop the trump-Russia thing?
You think anybody is buying your attempt at sounding bipartisan? We are not. Why did you sabotage "Obamacare"?
& then ACT--w/allegiance 2 COUNTRY, NOT PARTY!!! We're watching ur every move & will see u --& the rest of the #%@$! GOP--@ the ballot box!
Trump has been dirty and dishonest his while life. Two civil rights losses pretty much says he is a racist. Building a wall in Scotland?
Still working on the Hillary case
Piss OFF Marco...you BETTER support our Repub POTUS!!
-Yes, that means ALL of the facts about BO, HRC, Lynch activity like Iran ransom, tarmac, #SethRich, email, foundation, on & on!
@TGowdySC @SheriffClarke @POTUS @tedcruz @Jim_Jordan - Time for all of the truth! #MAGA #IranRansom #SethRich #ClintonCartel
You will never be president. You are a wimp. Move on and away.
Senator, how about you work towards getting BLOTUS to release his tax returns?
LOSER
Then after 10 months and numerous statements from intelligence officials that there is NO evidence of Trump collusion with Russians....FACT
With you on it little Marco it a oxymoron
Yes,failing to respond to untruths shows how Republicans are on the side of the Democrats- Comey is no longer creditable- review testimony
Agree!
Be like able!!! Republicans need young savvy people to represent them!!! The Dems have learned this 15 years ago!! #fiscallyconservative!
So stop calling it an episode and call it what it is a SCANDAL of tremendous importance. We all know you accepted some of the Russian money
the media already convicted our president! You were my first choice but now I fully support our president All you GOP should too
I have no faith in you Marco. You didn't even stand up for yourself. What make anyone believe you'll stand up for the country?
As long as it's full investigation involving wiki leaks Seth Rich, how the whole Russian thing started (Pidesta, Mook)
You even Hate your own damn race!
The Rich who believe that they should live ABOVE THE LAW AND OFF THE REST OF US! Vote this BUM OUT!  He shields Corruption! He's compromised
Its a bunch of BS, since Trump has been president he has done nothing, Russia didnt elect Trump,63 million voters and God did. He will
His Tax break takes care not me; not mine. But Rich Fat Cats who dont need morr Breaks! Marco Rubio should be Voted out. He supports
There's nothing there, classified info on Wieners LT, Hillary allowed her girl to take it home, that is a Fing crime, do your Fing job!
You are so naive Little Marco
$200,000 Weapons to Iran under Treaty at the same time. Trump talks out of both sides of his mouth depending on his mood and audience.
Risk our Nation by giving away our Secrets openly to Vladir Putin of Russia; by selling $350billion of Weapons to Saudi Arabia and
Blah blah blah
For the average American who want a fair shake for the American dream while he SUPPORTS corruption; while he supports a leader who will
Yeah right! You will go with what benefits you and only you
They can give themselves 150 Percent Tax Break. Not a Tax Reform for Middle Class and Poor but for ONLY UPPER POWERFUL RICH; CORPORATIONS;
Us off by ripping away Medicaid; Medicare; All form of Obamacare; Meals on Wheels; all social assistance humane assistance Programs so that
why was ex fbi put in charge of this investigation and not independent counsil like yourself?
Drastically reduced amounts based upon ability to pay Rent.The Republican Party announced that they intend to eradicate the poor by Killing
Yes, FACTS; not rumor, gossip, innuendo, hearsay which is what the media "narrative" (ie fiction) is every day.
I have been following politics closer than ever these past two years. Marco Rubio is an Enemy of the Poor. He votef against Food Stamps;
The facts... How many senators does it take to screw in a light bulb???  We will never know because it has been sent to committee...
The sooner the better.  America needs to move forward.   Spinning in place doesn't define who we are or help us achieve our goals.
Little Marco making the rounds! Better enjoy it while it lasts!
You're full of yourself! Just like the other " Showboaters" running to a camera! I never would have thought I'd see the day!
You was our only horse in the race.....

But YOU AREN'T doing your work.  You better watch out...we're going to drag you in too.  #complicit
BAw
Typical Republican behavior!
Implying action, by talking about what needs to be done, while totally avoiding actually doing anything!
Big, big mistake going on CNN, even terrible MSNBC would have been much better....
You shouldn't even be investigating this. It's a waste of taxpayer money.
Stick to the right questions during the hearing. It's not about Venezuela.
I hope you're not obstructing justice...wouldn't want you to go down With Trump!
Every SECRET thing Trump has done or said has already been LEAKED to the PRESS! If there REALLY was Russian collusion, WHY HASN'T IT LEAKED?
And then work diligently to blame 1) Obama 2) DNC 3) anyone on 2to 4 legs. GOP-striving to kill & starve the poor while Russians are in WH.
1st time ever, I listened to you and agreed about a lot of it, however, u aren't tricking anyone with this "not taking a position" crap.
Look at this fact
.@marcorubio PAC took $1 Million from Ukrainian businessman linked to oil co in #TrumpRussia dossier

#resist #theresistance #amjoy #trump 
Lies Lies! And more Lies!!
Yes he did attempt to obstruct justice, on many occasions.
Such a non-statesman
I always find it funny when they say "intelligence committee" and Marco Rubio is in it lol.
The Dems did not support investigating the IRS or bengazi or fast & furious. U r a joke and weak.
irrespective isn't a word.
My, that's a refreshing change. Soon you'll be able to sit up and take a bowl of bouillon.
You realize CNN uses you and mccain and Sasse right?
Guessing those rules only apply to Republicans, if it were a Democrat there would be 10 committee's started by now. PERFECT
Now the facts are important.  Guess they weren't for Obama's and Hillary's "crimes"!
Understand this. We don't blame Trump for this nonsense. We know it's the Liberals n Dems. It's time Repubs need to back us n our President!
Little Marco Beaten Dog Rubio at it again!
Yah but u can't take what comey said it's what's the word treason
Have you already forgotten your loyalty pledge, Little Marco?
TY SENATOR 4 STAYING FOCUSED
+ YOUR COMMITMENT TO FINDING
THE TRUTHPLS DON'T DEVIATE!
#Miami #Tampa @POTUS #Trump
Our job in the Intelligence Committee is to arrive at the facts, irrespective of where they take us. 
He won't @stevenacurtis! I believe @marcorubio will put country over party and fight for justice no matter where the facts lead. 
You are 'spot on', Vikki. Marco is as 'solid' as they come, and boy, do we need him today! #RubioRepublican
ABSOLUTELY AGREE DAN
Marco is 'Solid' as they come
However -Are the other committee
Senators as 'Solid' as Marco?
https://twitter.com/Thumbsupno1/status/866435778372444160 …
Bravo to our President today! The rest is nonsense. Stand by your President
@marcorubio is to weak to follow where the facts go
I am so encouraged by your message! I do remember your concerns. You have so much integrity!
Awfully visable for a dirty little man give that DeVos money to your area disadvantaged schools
Show America you stand for truth and lock up Comey for truly Obstruction of Justice. Letting Hillary go free is Wrong.
If you think there is a future for you by working against @POTUS you have another thing coming.
Your job should be to get back to the Senite and forget all this B/S.
you fraud your a discrace 2 America little marco like you have any class you pay of your boat yet traitor
