Doubtful-you took $100K from Devos and have a history of talking tough but producing no results @marcorubio
I am now very confident Senate Intel Comm I serve on will conduct thorough bipartisan investigation of #Putin interference and influence
Rubio has a 100% Trump voting record.
really? What has Trump put up thar the Senate voted on
Appointments. Rubio 100% approval.
believe it when I see it. #flynnghazi
DUH! Where have you been? Vacationing? That's what they're suppose to be doing
Please please...pick one side of the fence or the other. Stop fence hopping. Vacillating is so annoying. PICK A SIDE.
- you are so disappointing marco -
if you actually followed anything Marco has done, you'd see that Marco always puts country before party.

Marco, great quote. Follow through, though. Sometimes ur bark is louder than your bite. #russia
Are you going to give the million back to the Russians...you might just be next on Mueller list!
We are watching, we will remember, we will vote you out!
@ChrisCuomo yet Trump has lunch with Rubio in Florida today.  Guess what they discussed?  It wasn't the weather.
Rubio is in Germany today..
My error he me with Rubio on Feb 15, 2017.  And they still didn't just talk about the weather.
I am also confident. And you will also be found out for the money you took and the influence peddling you suffered. Pity.  I had real hope for you!
How's it going Marco? Are you planning to make a stand anytime soon? For love of your country? We know you know.
Florida republican voter here .... Pls stand against Trump's ban on news media.  There's no democracy without a free press.
he's not wanting to ban it....... He just wants all the fake news to stop
It's not up to the @Potus to decide what news you and I should accept or won't. #FreePress
and it won't be he can't ban them but he can tell people not too watch them
#FreedomOfThePress is vital to #democracy.  The @Potus has a responsibility to protect it, so no he can't.
nobody believes Rubi o anymore. 100% Trump supporter.  100% sellout.
Be Big Rubio... Remember ..Trumpf Will Call You Little...Now.. Don't Bend Over...Like I, Robot Pence.. Does on a Regular Basis
Thank you, Senator. We need you to be strong and patriotic here. The American people are pretty freaked out here.
@IvanCNN let's have some action recommendations at the end, yes?
@jaketapper I truly hope so!!! There is more to this issue than we can probably imagine.
waiting for that investigation. Still waiting. Can you hear me? How about now?
@KatyTurNBC waiting to see if Rubio is a patriot.  Hopeful
Please do your job
This guy in the white house is frightening
#Dangerously Incompetent
Have U GOP'rs figured out yet just how PISSED OFF & UNIFIED the left is? Country before Party or YOU'RE FIRED @jasoninthehouse
Good. I hope you will continue to do the right thing and get this crazy man impeached!!!
I think @RepSwalwell has it all taken care of. Thanks/No thanks.
And what of Trump's collusion? Will you investigate that as thoroughly?
The American people and the world are watching to make sure your confidence is well placed. Concern w/cave to DJT.
Great. Double time it, we might not last much longer
@KatyTurNBC Marco we've heard enough talk. Show us some action.
What about Trump?  And however do you & your friends manage to stand up without spines?
If you want credibility you will push for independent prosecutor and open investigation
thank you!!!! We need help. This is a disaster. Those who stand up against Trump will not be forgotten! Brave Bold!
Please do.  Maybe have Malcolm Nance as an advisor.
QUID PRO QOU DINNER? HMMM
@breton_anne Are you the real Marcia Rubio? Let me be the 1st to tell you, if you lead investigation it ups your next run
finally you're doing something. Prove my disdain for you is wrong.
@jaketapper independent investigation. Dump Sessions!
when will they be investigating what obama meant when he told Medveded he would be more 'flexible'?
.@MilitaryRosary @marcorubio When he gets elected Pres again.
if that past is no longer important, then this is no longer important.
@jaketapper Remember who Trump is and what he did to you.  Don't sell out to him.
It god damn better. Why have you not moved faster on this?
I am confident no one cares liar
bout time
Very good news. Very, very good news. Thank you for your work Senator!
are you actually going to stand up to Trump? Can you really be unbiased? The time is now.
at last. . .
We're going to hold you to this Marco. Do the right thing. Country over party.
You all need to recover what is left of your souls and do right by your country. How can you allow such tyranny in a democracy?
it's about time
how about an investigation of voting procedures? Only US citizens should vote in federal elections. How do the States verify?
@jaketapper
@LionCuban Wow Marco, finally deciding to show up? We have a White House in shambles and up to now you have been a coward.
Hopefully it's a start!
I hate being negative but I am tired of a lack of integrity when we need a leader to show up. Will it be you Marco?
As a Cuban-American I do want to be proud of Rubio. Right now, it is the complete opposite. Change my mind Marco!
I feel the same exact way!
you had dinner with Trump 2 days ago. I'm not confident  at all.
I'm not either. Independent investigation is what is desperately needed. THIS move is just to obscure more.
damage control only. I agree.
So they can install Pence instead of REALLY getting the bottom of this. Do not trust GOP "bipartisan"
never will.
Without an independent investigation we can now see they are not interested in protecting U.S. from interference.
.@marcorubio Great. And as quickly as possible please, we deserve a President who is not a traitor 
@Mike_Pence
Pardon or no pardon - thoughts?
That would be great, Senator.   This isn't Dems vs Republicans.  It's the U.S. vs Russia.  We are under attack.
.@Spicerlies Except there is no evidence whatsoever of anything @LCSCHOPP @michaelalex @marcorubio @LouiseMensch
Hillary's the one with the ties to Russia.
Debunked a million times. Check Snopes. #LockHimUp #resist
.@Beatlesfan6 Snopes has been debunked a million times  @wglady @Spicerlies @LCSCHOPP @michaelalex @marcorubio @LouiseMensch
Indépendant investigation please! It's too great a task!
Need an independent consul immediately!
What can you do for Venezuela. Can you tell to @realDonaldTtump to send USA military to take the narcogoverment down?
10 months ago you've helped cover up. Brink of nuclear war, child molester election, buddies indicted. Piss poor job, little Marco
I think you may be a little to tainted to handle this investigation beings you took $$ from Russia. Step aside and let the big boys do their job.
You are bought and paid for.  Go sell your bs somewhere else.  Like Russia.
could you be more full of crap?  You are hiding like the rest that put party before country.
his tweet is loaded.
i think they're ashen from what they learned today.

keyword in his tweet: interference and INFLUENCE.
I believe you've been paid enough to perform this eyewash @marcorubio
we'll be watching
Trump Russia Putin attacked America's SOVEREIGNTY It's Your Job to Protect Our Constitution and you are NOT NEXT ELECTION U ROUT
I am so disgusted with cuban-americans who voted for Trump. traitors of Latin America, you cared more about your vengance
independent counselor Sessions should recuse himself #investigatetrump
i'd like to believe u but nothing in your record says you'll truly investigate. It's a party over country for you patriots @GOP
WE WON"T HOLD OUR BREATH...!!
History will remember the @GOP as traitors, as Himmler and Goebbels to Trump's Hitler, if you don't do this right
as much as I want to  believe you your colleagues make.it very difficult to believe
Get them all. Round up every rat in the sewer. God speed.
Liar
Marco, have your town hall meeting, you owe it to your constituents. Just do your job! Or resign as a coward.
You were right about "rude and stupid", but wrong in the direction you're pointing your finger... Did he correctly label you?!
What will you tell your children when they ask why you allowed such an awful man to say those things  and still supported him?!
I don't trust that you will. I think you will make it appear and then lie to protect the GOP.
Investigate the leak(s) first.
Good and thank you! Hope my thanks is not premature.  It is an AMERICAN issue! I fear for our democracy.
empty words
REALLY? Then Why are You & Fellow #GOPTraitors PLANNING TO BURY #TrumpRussia PROBE ?? #RussiaGate ~>
This obscure news story that ought to be a huge news story shows how Trump gets away with his scandals http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/02/this-obscure-news-story-shows-how-trump-gets-away-with-it.html … 
We live in a very uncertain world, especially with Nuclear Weapon and Muslim Extremest. So lets try to make good with Russia.
still too chicken to hold a town hall meeting?
lol, sure, it will be thoroughly brushed under the carpet #SenatorsWhoSuck
want to believe you, but you and graham obviously want trump gone I'm sure there's a lot of us out there, Graham is a war monger
Hope bipartisan comment not lip service from @marcorubio Russian ties are worrisome Need to understand impact Trust @SenJohnMcCain to lead
If it's not an independent investigation, you are a traitor. You can't be the hero, by suppress the parts that don't suit you.
What r u trying to accomplish? Appeasing the left? Stop! It's NOT possible.Move on to defeat them. We don't care about this
Please do, Senator. You owe it to your constituents - including myself - to make sure this issue is explored at all levels.
America over party
I hope you are not lying like Trump and his alternative facts!
I'll believe it when I see it.  You and your party have sold out the American people.  You are doing nothing to protect us.
senator you are throwing away any chance you will ever be President, it's a shame I once thought you'd make a great President.
I'm not so confident in you. You've been way too cozy with @POTUS lately. Thank God for the free press exposing truths.
We will hold you to that sir. Keep your promises.
why should we believe you ? You haven't supported the people yet.  Just your pocketbook
a woman who was shot in the head while talking with her constituents called you a coward.
As a member of Congress, I believed that listening to my constituents was the most basic and core tenet of the job I was hired to do. #TBT 
you've shown you have no backbone, u won't stand 4 anything
- I sure hope you're a man of your word. It's time to not be hypocritical and investigate #trumprussia
Republicans will never really investigate this and you know it!
good try Rubio. You will be investigating trump-Russia ties. While your at it, time for YOU to be investigated. I smell a rat.
Hi sir, it is time for you to hold a town hall. If you truly are committed to representing Floridians, meet your constituents!
@SenJohnMcCain  The Republican Federalists of the Russian Federation ?  #DJT is not your party nor mine-Putin targets minorities
yea but who will transport us to space station then. No working together no more
where were you at the Melbourne speech. Trump is a great president. Support Trump
a special prosecutor is needed.
I don't believe it it needs to be done independently
I don't believe you. Did you and trump discuss this over dinner Thursday night.
WHY are you NOT showing up to the town hall?! Afraid of the people? You leave us we vote you out!
I don't believe a word you say.
It's a lie and you know it. Trump has grabbed the entire GOP by the p#ssy. Can't believe GOP has sold us out so easily.
too afraid to go to town halls anymore, huh? The 75% of the country that doesn't agree with 45 will find other ways to be heard.
I'll believe when I see it. Just remember who called you "little Marco". Have fun investigating him and see what he calls you.
after the DeVos vote we're not very confident in you either!
When?
not a priority, sir! Repeal ACA, tax cuts, put a boot in ISIS, national debt and don't delay on any of these.
Since your guy won, possible foreign interference with our elections isn't a priority, but eliminating health care is. Right.
Based on @GOP's lack of transparency, most of US do NOT have confidence TRUTH will be REVEALED w/o an #IndependentInvestigation
It needs to be independent NOT bipartisan
Let's dispel with this fiction that Marco the Moron is qualified to be dogcatcher of Miami, let alone senator or president! Sad!
Committee: Rups 8  Dems 1  Investigation: 90 minutes, 60 minute lunch, 15min dis. Bachelor, 15min break. Over, nothing there
that's hilarious !
thank you, we are counting on you!
You are a coward who can't be bothered to show up at town halls. We deserve people w/ moral courage and integrity to investigate
Well done, sir. Now please ensure that this is not an #AlternativePromise.
Thank you....But it should be an independent investigation.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the           people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people
: the committee might - but U, lil Mario, will find a way to wimp out if there R headwinds
why should any of us trust the senate when the majority of you truly DO NOT care what we think until it's time to campaign.
a Cuban that supports Mexicans being rounded up and jailed? What a disgrace. You'd think being a Cuban you'd have empathy
I hope you follow thru on that.
I hope your confidence doesn't wane-give me a reason to trust the @GOP
we in palm beach county would like a town hall. Please. #CanWeTalkRubio
When you appoint an INDEPENDENT COUNSEL, then we'll believe you care more about COUNTRY than PARTY! This? Not so much.
.@marcorubio We want actions, not just words!
so you consider Miami to be Europe now?
you do not need an investigation to see and understand that too old folks are coming along.
What's the status of the YemenGate investigation? It needs an independent select committee! Agree? #YemenGate
Marco please stand with Prez Trump and do not follow McCain who's jealousy has blinded him. This is the GOP chance to govern!
Just do the right thing - Not Benghazi-Esque
Guess you are taking a vacation during State Work Week. Not a recess. No Town Halls! You have no balls! Need to send you mine!
Maybe you are not a Trump puppet after all, even though you voted for Devos
Yo can be completely thorough & these crazies still will not believe. U r wasting your time. Move on to OCare repeal & tax cuts.
Follow through please. Truth and accountability are paramount
check out WH deleting emails from Rus.  Cover up? Know Reps do not like deleting emails!
sad you have lost my support #floridavoters
maybe consider big boy pants little Marco?
I'm not so sure, it's a good thing 17 other agencies are involved.  Scared?
Thx Sen. Rubio. This is important.
I hope this isn't just lip service
And I am very confident, that on ur next reelection you will be out of a job @marcorubio
Thank you
You realize only your supporters even consider taking you at your word right?
u need 2 have an impartial, independent, transparent investigation. Is GOP so hell bent on pushing agenda ur 4getting ur oath?
u are a collaborator and I hope you get caught in this net. But  has no confidence in u or this investigation
Bipartisan, please. How about we find all new, actually impartial people instead? I'm not sure the exist anywhere in the Senate.
do you and the Republicans not care about our democracy? Have you all sold your souls to Trump/Russia.
that's laughable - sell out! You're complicit. Period.
I'm more concerned where you stand with conservative citizens. Yes you are my senator at least you used to be.
we need thorough sincere bipartisan investigation
"Bipartisan"? Bullshit. You are as transparent as your hairline.

That it's not a given and hasn't already happened is a fucking democratic tragedy.
I'm holding you to that.
I am confident your name Suits You with this little alteration rube do your job
Your record shows 100% agreement with Trump, so how bipartisan could this committee be when every vote has been this way?
@IndivisibleFL13 You got my attention Let's have a town hall & you can tell us about it. I want to feel confident also. #putin
what you don't seem to understand is that your "confidence" is irrelevant. A number of Americans do not share your sentiment.
Bull. The Republicans are sitting on their hands. Ross is appointed might bring new light to the investigation, Longtime Friend
you say that but how can we trust anything that comes out of congress anymore?
.@marcorubio @DevinNunes @JamesComeyFBI tells @FaceTheNation he is more interested in investigating Leakers than Leaks!  
#inners #maddow
You lied and said that you couldn't do a townhall because you were "In Europe" You are a LIAR.
