USA stepped up in Haiti. Come on, examine differences in responses.
Do the math, crunch size of area, population, and needs. Cholera outbreak already. These are US citizens. And Trump goes to golf course?!
Very bad optic ( choice) Potus should be in situation room, hands on. We need Rubio as Potus. Huge difference btw them
She would've known they were Americans & put people before deb! Hell she IS tweeting her plan! Keep tweeting @HillaryClinton
Her plan for what? To get donations for Clinton Foundation and do samething they did with Haiti's $$
Maybe all the cuts to the military over the past eight years wasn't such a great idea, senator.
WHAT CUTS? BUDGET HAS INCREASED BY HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS EVERY YEAR!
Did you forget Obama's sequestration? Whoops, sorry! Obama was a majestic miracle that do no wrong!
Sequestration, required but Congress, btw, didn't have a problem with troops in Afghanistan and Iraq.
I love how Democrats hold Congress solely responsible for any wrong under Obama's 8 years!
Do you have any idea how our government actually works?  Think the President can do whatever he wants?  Hint: There's 3 branches. #ignorant
We've been saying this for 10 days.  Maybe @realDonaldTrump will believe a General.  Sure hope so!
No, he knows more than the generals, remember? He told us so on the campaign trail.
General has attack 45 and waiting a attacking tweet from deplorable 45.
Katrina history and this is now.  Learn from history.
Not enough President in Washington either.  We need you, Barack.
Bahahahahahaha...NOT!
@TomBossert45 Military should have been in Puerto Rico 8 days ago.  If you can't handle the job resign.  We need proactive Sec's!
You mean Sec Bossert should resing? If so I agree.but not Sen. Rubio, he is only one who cares for PR & is doing something to help them
RESIGN. Wow! Another typo I need to read what I write before pressing Reply
Much materiel sitting on docks in PR because of Teamsters. Is it true?
Marco I am not a Republican but, I applaud you helping the people of Puerto Rico! Absolutely more Military are needed!
Hey Marco there are 10,000 federal employees on PR. FYI trump won. Why don’t you get behind him.
Maybe you should get up in the Commander In Chief's grill about that, today, since people in PR are dying and all.
Then get it done like you did for Flordia
It's an island! The US sent supplies immediately that were left sitting on docks because teamsters demanded more money to deliver them!

You all couldn't wait to blame Trump for anything. Why did USA colonize Puerto Rico?
They are a drain on economy?? Bankruptcy?
Bankruptcy your criteria Trump has so many bankrupts including one last year stiffing PR of 33 million, a lot they could have used it for
So many cargo container's just sitting there full of everything needed its not Trumps fault they can't move them
It is not his fault but needs leadership to move them, that's why General is asking for more Troops, they know how to move god and fuel
Ding, ding, ding!! Donkey party short term memory loss.
No shit really??????
@SenRubioPress FEMA was tired. But, they hit a roadblock that should have slowed rather than stopped them. Investigate.
@SenRubioPress FEMA had how many days to call for helicopters and airdrop? And didn't? Criminally inexperienced.
As a member of congress and our representative, have you demanded that more robust military aid and presence be sent to Puerto Rico??!
10,000 troops & FEMA already there. Can't be handled like Florida because in Puerto Rico the infrastructure has been obliterated.
7-NARCOTRAFICANTES Gob.MADURO Venezuela
Cliver Alcalá Cordones,Freddy Bernal,Ramón Madriz,Ghazi Nasr al-Din,Fawzi Kan'an,Nicolasito hijo de
DICTADURA NARCO GOBIERNO DE VENEZUELA COMO Tareck El Aissami, DIOSDADO CABELLO Y GENERAL PADRINO AL PARECER FINANCIAN TERRORISMO MUNDIAL
@SenRubioPress Why weren't response lists used? Why were the governors called in instead of provided field phones?
@SenRubioPress This is no surprise. But impotus blocking response the 1st week is criminal.
Your not helping each other.
Duh!!!!
So glad that @marcorubio began to speak out about getting help 4 Puerto Rico & the Virgin Island! Please keep it up - you're being heard! 
I have no problem crossing to the other side! There is good and bad on both parties! Compromise is always best! We were all humans first!
Neither party should stay silent.  Why are we only hearing from Republicans?
That is right! I am not happy with either party right now! They were elected to serve the people, not themselves!
.Huh, if your party hadn't embraced white supremacy and greed maybe we wouldn't be at this point but you did and we are and YOU are to blame
The terrain is difficult to access. The elec. grid m/b rebuilt. Poles have t/b airlifted. It's like Rebuilding the entire Island of PuertoR
There were more Military for Hurricane Andrew a lesser storm! I was born and raised in Florida! I have watched the Everglades deteriorate!
Andrew was a monster and Homestead & parts of Miami were devastated, I was 3 weeks without power & it didnt came close to my house
I didn't live in my house for almost 8 months! I was ripped off by a Florida Contractor but, then God sent me an Angel! I live !
I think Hillary is coming .  I believe in President Trump and he will have assistance with our military
Trump is busy at his golf course right now.
Yea that's right he has to be the manual labor.  Did you get a day off this week?   Don't see you there assisting just trashing pres again
You helped to put that thing in the WH. You've supported that thing every step of the way & look at what he's doing AND not doing.
@marcorubio as Florida constituent I support additional funding to increase military presence and relief assistance to Puerto Rico

#JonesAct Waiver for 10 days, PR will need 2 rebuild & it will cost 20% more & keep #PR in debt! Repeal #JonesAct
They bring their own supplies, communication and mobility so that makes sense. Might have figured that out a lot earlier if we didn’t wait more than a week to deploy.
This isn't a small island. There are remote areas that need attention. If Trump can't figure this out he doesn't deserve to be Pres
Is this all you can focus on? I am an will continue to be a Hillary supporters. BELIEVE what you like but don't bother me with it.
Your GOP's commander in chief is no more than a commenter in chief- grow one and 25th him the hell out of the oval office, fool. He's unfit.
"Need a more robust military presence..." ?
Marco don't turn in to a McCain.
HELL-O!! The Mayor has been saying that!!
We, the rest of the world is watching and can't believe this is happening . God help America , cause your president sure isn't !
Why don't you help, Marco Polo?

No kidding
ummm yeah. Tell your president little marco
Thanks 4 keeping pressure on. This administration should be charged with crimes against humanity and negligence of their own citizens.
Understatement of the day
Whatever you do, tho, @marcorubio do NOT criticize tRump for his horrible racist responses to PR... It's always #PartyOverPeople w/ @GOP 
Then call emergency meeting and get it done! Every minute is another life lost. #DoYourJob #OverrideThePresident
Maybe you should be talking to Trump
Your a sell out.
You seem to be all by yourself on the Repub side that is demanding more leadership from POTUS. Where are they?
Senator, you're the only GOP politician involved that I can see. You need to Impeach Trump. He's incompetent & unfit to lead.
No shit "LittleMarco", You didn't see that coming a week ago
Finally, yes please. Our people are good people, but criminal are organizing themselves and we need the law to abide. Thank you. God bless
Since Trump listens to our Generals I have faith they will get what they need
And as for you ...... don’t get me started 
#unfollowtrump
So what are YOU doing Senator besides tweeting about i? Why don't you motivate the idiot in chief to get off his golfing ass and fix this?
You need to get on board with the Dems otherwise you can kiss re-Election goodbye.  Republicans are going down in 2018/2020. #nastybunch #NoGOPvote20182020 #GreedyOldMenGOP
How about you all grab your balls & get rid of Trump! If you want a party left you better move fast
Yes TRUMP IS A FAILURE
He's all about making money. 
The guy craps on a gold plated toilet.
 He doesn't give 2 shits about poor brown people that owe Wall St.
Can you please tell the president? The Mayor is right!!
So why are you just tweeting about it.
Don jr killing Moose..Rump tweeting insults and swinging a club at a ball, such important things to do !
I am afraid of living on islands fearing they might become sand bars in the ocean.  and boy this got close-now monstrous undertaking
Can you proceed with impeachment on Trump for his intentional slow response to Puerto Rico?
Trump is busy spending taxpayer dollars at his golf resort.
1./ How much more of this vileness from the .@POTUS are you willing to defend?.. Not just with words, or a bible verse, but with action?
2/ Where is your conscience, that allows you to stand by this, as the .@POTUS blames those begging for help, while he is again on vacation?
3./ As I'm sure you know, which is suspected as to why you are being one of the loud voices with this crisis, the citizens of #PuertoRico..
4./ will be arriving & settling in our wonderful state, but they will remember the lack of actions & his bitter words when it's time to vote
5./ How many do you think will split the ballot or just hit the lever or button that says D. straight down.
6./ But you have an opportunity, right now, today to change that outcome... You can use your voice, and your actions to start the removal of
7./ of .@realDonaldTrump, and stand up for not only your fellow Floridians, but for our country too.   /end.
cc: .@Indivisible_TPA
Who f'ed this up Marco?  Who's fault is it that Puerto Ricans are dying because of indifference?  Who is golfing today?
You mean like the  Mayor of San Juan has been begging for, for over a week now?  Thank you for hearing her cries..
So not sending enough aid is their punishment?
Before responding, maybe try not being ignorant of the facts 
I'm not taking away from what .@marcorubio is doing, he is one of the few loud voices that is addressing this humanitarian crisis.
But the .@POTUS shaming those that are begging for more help, while he sits in his private golf resort for the 2nd weekend in a row is wrong
Spreading a narrative abt POTUS isnt going to make the incompetence of SJ Mayor go away. She should be held accountable.
POTUS attacked the Mayor of London during a terror attack, so it's easy to see how he would attack a Mayor during a humanitarian crisis.
3 Hurricanes in a row people!  How are you all helping with the effort?
This has been a reckless response Senator. Diaspora PuertoRicans in Florida &  r mad, stressed. No excuses.
Trumps twitter tantrum targeted at Mayor of San Juan are gaslight & vicious. She's been in wading boots, he's been in  carts.
*Spoiler Alert*
Trump is just like the President in the new Kingsmen movie.
SO, make it happen.  45 isn't going to do it.  Congress must and must do now. It's time we help OUR PEOPLE and Puerto Ricans are Americans.
Rump saw them as brown people who owe money to Wall St. and it has to be dealt with !..see his first post !
Be a hero and lead the impeachment Rubio. We all know you're an opportunistic little shit but we need you to actually do your job. #impeach NOW.
@marcorubio back benchin' today instead of playing clergyman.
Confirmed by GOP members themselves.  And Rubio has a special interest here, so I'm convinced he's reporting accurately.
Step up effort 2 #25ththe45th or GOP can kiss political careers 'goodbye.' Protect  from enemies both foreign & domestic. DT is the enemy!
@realDonaldTrump  say he's doing a fantastic job, great story
Could you maybe relay this to your president, Marco? He thinks there is just a smear campaign against him & his regime.
MILITARY CAN DRIVE THOSE TRUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IMPEACH #45 now! The blood of those who have died in PR post- Maria is on his hands and yours Congress!
Christ, I'm a nobody and I could have told you that.
Ten days ago.
Duh
Maybe mayor tellin u people were dying is first hint
PLEASE do something to #SavePuertoRicoNow
And Trump is once again stuffing our tax money into his own pockets at a TRUMP Golf Course. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/lost-weekend-how-trumps-time-at-his-golf-club-hurt-the-response-to-maria/2017/09/29/ce92ed0a-a522-11e7-8c37-e1d99ad6aa22_story.html …
And he attacks the Mayor of PR in a tweet, says the Dems r telling her to b mean to Trump. Whaaah Get a grip
https://twitter.com/prlatina44/status/913942434098315264 …  The #GolferInChief needs to get a job he actually has the ability to do! Con artist comes to mind.
It's really disgraceful how we've been treated - look at difference between Haiti & PR - at the very least it should be same response 
Too Bz playing w his balls! 
Too busy twisting OURS.... How much of our tax money is now in the pockets of the Trump Organization? Meanwhile:
It's really disgraceful how we've been treated - look at difference between Haiti & PR - at the very least it should be same response 
IMO, seems he doesn't consider r dsnt kno PR'cans r American bec they'r brn & blk ppl. Besides, they don't get a vote
That's what we've been saying. Just get it done damn it.
what you doing my friend?
The Gen's quote says what was initially sent wasn't enough and they're sending more. A deceiving headline...
It's amazing how many armchair leaders we have. It'll be interesting to see who the real leader(s) will be.
Then he needs to order more troops.
They’re kicking the can down the road and making excuses while 3 million Americans are suffering immensely
No surprise- this is Katrina 2.0, 2017 Edition. I did Katrina- this is 100 times worse. POTUS set  tone with 1st interview about P.R. debt-

Yes, BUT the people who voted for Trump will continue to support him and his reforms of America and the Republican Party...
Can't the governor do anything to coordinate since he runs island ? His incompetence to distribute supplies is outrageous to his ppl
I would retweet that but it's "The Hill" so I will wait for a more reliable source.
were are the troops...are you getting the general more troop and supplies for Puerto Rico
Yes. But don't forget USVI.
It's been well over a week and they just figured that out? Kim Jong Un is laughing his ass off
gracias mil por el apoyo  #PuertoRicoStrong #PuertoRicoRelief
Where are the truck drivers on the island? They should be there to drive. If not bring outside drivers
Ya think?what a joke
We sent more aid to Haiti. These are Americans
we have known this over a week while your president was picking fights with the NFL
so trump was lying as usual.  U just cannot say it directly because he will cut u a new one.  Trump is a bully bro the more u act scared..
HOW IS THIS A SURPRISE?!?

Stop trying to belittle the effort that has already been made. @POTUS is kicking ass at getting everything possible to an island. #logistics
Hire more FEMA
ENOUGH MARCO!What are you doing other than bitching! We care! We are sending money we don't haveWE ARE BROKE!How much money have you put in?
Look who finally uses twitter for a good cause instead of quotes form the Bible Hurray #maga #alternativefacts #HelpPR #PuertoRicoRelief
The General needs to be handling the communications on status rather than the Gov, who's not military.
Not enough help and people dying.Anyone could tell you that even without stars. GOP failure is what we're seeing. Hidden death count rising.
Racist German. How many your supremacist german family killed? They came here after killing jews a lived among us? RACISM IS IN YOUR DNA
Trump Administration.. Has Failed In Most Respects
No surprise. Did anyone check with the military on how and how many were needed for Katrina?
8 days ago. Inept administration. Would hate to see them respond to an attack or war.
They did just fine in Houston, which is TOTAL BULLSHIT!
U don't need a brain to know that.U are lying to the http://people.GOP  responsible for death after Maria.U are not covering this one.
Trump thinks Puerto Rico is "Mexican"
You think, wow, no electricity no phones no police no money do you really think no one was going to take advantage of the situation. Sad
Duh! I could see that from my living room.
4 major catastrophes in 60 days! Military stretched thin.50% of PR's Nat Guard have not Reported FOR DUTY to augment troops sent as planned
Ya think?!
New FEMA rule. . . if democrat state government, send in the military to do the work!
I don't think this surprises anyone but 5x draft dodger Trump.
Sen Rubio has been saying the same thing to Trump adm since the first day, now finally they are listening, hope its not too late Thy Senator
Electric grid was horrible before the storm.
@realDonaldTrump says all that s great
Marco should go Alaska until the work is done
Boy, were you defending everything that this Admin has done a little while ago on CNN??
Why don't you just stop the Trump bashing! We see thru your BS!
They better get their butts in gear or they'll spend all their time picking up dead bodies.  No excuse for this travesty!
Thank senator Rubio for caring.
who knew?
About how slow recovery is, flights are heading to those locations daily.  Go help them!
Girl bye
There are 10,000 troops on ground in PR. Still dealing w Houston & Louisiana. For those of you bitching
Its never enough from demanding ppl
Simply thank you for your actions and voice in Washington
We also need a naval platform in the south of the island where helicopters can land and move cargo and personnel
People say it is complicated it is not. Air drops, military moving cargo with police escort, military petroleum units running diesel
Field conditions
Baseball fields to refuel their helicopters across the island. Also set up field dinning facilities for hot meals. Basic simple army field
well now that the USA is charge maybe w can get something done-PR was unaware that they needed preparation 4 disasters-don't blame USA
Across PR. We need drivers with heavy license and hazmat valid certification. Fuel, more tankers. Air units must set up air fuel station on
Senator the latest is that union truckers want to control cargo. PLEASE we need the military like transportation units to move all cargo
Rubio restates the obvious as though it is something profound. What a goofball.
But trump & homeland security  director said we had great response? Too bad we can't trust our admin now. Too much bragging, too many lies
We did have great response.
Why did he just get there yesterday?
@POTUS goes Tues Senate meets @FEMA_Brock Mon. Fri - Mon Tues is a long time for these people. Should be no weekend off Move Now. Praying
PR will have plenty of jobs for all Liberals who want to work and get off welfare!!! #MakingPrGreatAgain
Quit whining they should have taken care of elec grid&not wasted our tax $. It's an island wiped out by hurricanes. Now they love our troops
What are you doing here promoting yourself or what?
Please stop...
Praying for massive move by Military NOW
At 2:45 central @realDonaldTrump said things were going really well w/PR.  Maybe he’s missing something.
Been missing something from day 1
A brain. Sympathy. Compassion. Humanness!!!!
for sure. Stupidist ignorant to ever hold ANY office in USA..Makes G.W. look like a Physics scientist.
Did you talk to trump? Does he know? Because he seems to think otherwise.
Trump can't send in troops unless governor requests them. Posse comitatus
Did you pass that info along to @realDonaldTrump
Of course, he did, he is been saying that since day one
They are coming. Takes time to move across ocean.
You know why they have to cross the ocean??? Because they were kiked out of their Bases in Puerto Rico...Every act has CONSECUENCES...
I was a Fisherman's daughter! I saw all the beauty of the Everglades deteriorate! My father would be rolling in his grave! Natural beauty!
How do YOU Mr Rubio condone what @POTUS just said? Money over people. Again and again he is fixed on Congratulating himself & calling out money issues. Do you stand for this leadership?
Hate is no solution.
You must remember PR not a State; but, a Caribbean Banana Republic.
Repair requires years, not days or months.
YOU must remember America has taken a lot from PR. we took it over in late 1800s. It IS OUR Responsibiity. All are Americans there ! idiot.
Then let's get to it, senator!
Why don't you tweet this to his Orange Highness. Might get some results.

What is so magical about a "3 STAR GENERAL". Give him a name. They could use a good sergeant in charge.
THIS IS WHO THEY NEED- he offered to help, but is not politically correct and intolerant of crap-
Russel L. Honoré
I’m not military and could have told you that days ago. Send Army Corps of Engineers, transport division, medics.
They have already been there for days. More needed.
More were needed than thought, because 50%Puerto Rico National Guard DID NOT REPORT FOR DUTY.
Agreed. Thank you. Make it happen.
 No shit.
HUGE Ty Marco for making this happen! You've been spot on about everything needed & made sure PR got it. God Bless you Big!
Military guy thinks military is best solution. In other news: Hammer sees lots of nails.
4 words: General Honore. Hurricane Katrina. "Check, please."
Meanwhile Trump strokes himself over what a great job he's doing in PR

A shame they threw a naval base off island. Wonder how much that would be helping now
Let's go!
The COMMONWEALTH of Puerto Rico must be allowed to fail. To PR CITIZENS: #PrivateCharityGoodGovernmentAssistanceBad
You should be allowed to fail, those are human beings beside been Americans. You have a $ dollar sign for a heart. Shameful!
I agree, Emily.

I am a human being trying my best to be "allowed" to fail.

Best,

RH

#LetsGetToIndividualism

http://www.donaldfuckhead.com .
It’s a process, you should know better than most!
The MSM always talks about how you have a very small testicle yet they always “forget” to mention that your other ball is totally normal.
Thank you for keeping us informed on what’s really happening.
You don't say.
