
Really? Obama had NO power over Putin at any time. He presented the USA as a weak country looking to others to lead globally. JEEZZZZZZZZZZ!
Lol and you think Trump does. Lmaf

Yes, and We need to just turn it back at them, they Hate us and are prejudice against all of us, will not shut their mouths and let him lead

The VA is appalling and the negligence is off the charts. I hear horror stories ever time I am in there. I also have documented my own.
Emails sent via secure message between me and my VA doc. I took screen shots before they deleted from the server. They realized the error.
It's more of an accountability issue in a economy that was struggling.
There is no transparency at the VA, only lies and VAOIG cover ups.
Funny, I can back up everything I say against the VA, in paperwork and audio tapes, unlike you .
Bullshit.. its worse than ever. Try getting stuck out of town in a veteran get sick. You cannot get s*** from the VA facility with 100%
We are dealing with it right now. Husband is in the hosp he needs oxygen to go home the local VA says n, he's a patient and another facility
Psalm 119:2
Blessed are those who keep His #testimonies, Who seek Him with the whole #heart!

Look at what tony Blair did with the NHS, that's your blueprint
Columbus, OH ambulatory clinic is overdue for mass firings.
The Veterans Benefits Administra..." — @@SingeCauchemar
That's great I'm glad you guys are finally doing something to benefit our veterans
The VA lies, harasses, and conspires against Vets who want Patient Centered care. Allow videos at VA's! #HONORTHEFALLENLEAVENOVETFORGOTTEN
Would help if narcissist hiring stopped. Look into how many friends & relatives get hired.
As long as you don't take cues from him on how to be transparent. #taxreturns #russia #everything
Are you a veteran?
Are you a veteran?
Get the vets all the fate they need. Excellent way to spend my tax dollars
Thank you!
Thank you so much!

Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
The Center 4 Investigative Reporting has a report online that shows which VA MED Centers have highest malpractice/wrongful death settlements
Start by publishing the total malpractice & wrongful death settlements 4 each VA MED Ctr from Treasury Judgment Fund website. Transparency?
There is so much work to do! So many Vets not being helped for PTSD! So tragic so many take their own lives. They must get help
Words! VA is a plague, and BAD EMPLOYEES MUST GO! Pts. should video visits. #SHAME #TRANSPARENCY #HONORTHEFALLENLEAVENOVETFORGOTTEN #PLAGUE
How about weeding out the anti-veteran BVA judges who have more than 50% of their decisions reversed by Court of Appeals 4 Veterans Claims!!
After all of these years, I'll reserve judgment until I see results. More interested in our Vets' care than VA's PR statements. #MAGA
Actions and results do speak louder than words
What do you call a doctor who graduated last in their class?.....
Doctor
In this case, VA Doctor
Thanks from us Veterans! It's the rare ones like you that the VA needs! 99% of nurses at Memphis VA are mean & Dr's are incompetent!
How does this shorten wait times and increase quality of care ?????
Much progress made at th VA & so guickly-Shows what getting th job done on time & below budget looks like
Do the White House too, while you're at it.  Please!
I don't mean to complain but the VA needs some decent beds,pure torture.
Hell yes bro! Damn VA
No names/reasons? CHOICE is literally about to run out of money. You're about to massacre VA Home Loans bc you can't figure out paperless.
Yeah, our president is the shining beacon of transparency. Where are his #taxes again?
99.895% of people don't care about President Trump's tax returns nor would they understand them. What's with you. Don't count other ppl $$$
Again... lol, what?!
Let's see Trumps tax returns!
Are you a veteran?
Thank you. Now please extend the same concern to Indian Health Service.
The KKK is a terrorist organization, put them back on the list!!!!!!!!!!
I'll believe that when I see at least 50,000 BUM cronies FIRED from VA. & STOP using VHA directive 2010-053 as a weapon to punish veterans!!
What's the president that won't tell the truth and a staff that lies for him and the most untransparent White House in history?
Transparent hope so....for the longest they have been like Vatcan City with their own rules, and not pulling through for the veteran.

@CLH45 @POTUS @DeptVetAffairs 
Another great accomplishment of our POTUS, he has been working hard for the veterans of U.S, thank you
What about the VBA and "years" delays in getting disability benefits. Rope a dope process, 4 appeal levels, each with years of delays!
I have heard nothing from you regarding the VBA and the "years" delays and multilevel "appeals" process. Vets die before getting benefits.
Take your complaints to the http://Oig.va.gov 
We heard that before, actions not words.

What did we learn about @realDonaldTrump at this #G20? @CUhlmann explains. #Insiders 
And you want this MilFam to rely on GOP 'administration' to improve the system? No way #DefermentDon
Try to get POTUS to be kind to all the vets who didn't vote for him, who don't agree with him, Democrat vets are vets too.
MilFam w/100%disabled 30yrs svc, multi svc-related issues, bounced frm VA2VA, docs,  "transparency" BS
VA Eligibility @valomalinda illegal change my Service Connection Rating caused me $$$Harm OIG Reports sent #FireLinda @realDonaldTrump
Here is the proof #MeanGirls in Non Medical jobs are killing Veterans! VSO/Claims/Eligibility #Losers #FireLinda https://www.va.gov/accountability/Adverse_Actions_Report.pdf …
Not so transparent that the enemy can take aim at us!
That will be great. In the meantime I'm getting billed EVERY month for services I haven't even been to a VA Hospital to receive. #Fraud
Accountability? Transparency? How when we are not allowed to address our grievances without the threat of arrest?
Sure
Can u speed up disability claims too. Also I have cancer only known cause nuclear blast radiation was stationed in Japan 3 yrs in early 70s!
And you are failing miserably at everything except screwing us.
still no medical care for my service connected injuries..
supported sir
#still waiting for more than 5 years for an #appeal. Why is this part of the VA system so shady?
How come the nepotism and frateralism is allowed to continue at the VA? Why not hire new blood with new ideas and great work ethic??
Now you need to #ElectVeterans in Congress to help @realDonaldTrump support us Vets more. Current representative in PA7 has no desire 2help
Hope your BILLING will be held accountable! Transfered to nearest VA approved trama center now VA refuses to pay: Didnt file bill correctly?
6 months later I'm still waiting for the Trump to do what he said. Well just another Lie to add to his other Hundreds of LIES!











Then re-write ur policy n procedures, implement them with a core focus on your mission n values directed towards quality care for our Vets.
