Is that the one where we figure out if our president committed treason and let his republican friends help cover it up?
No thats the one where Obama drew  thr red line. Remember?
Oh, what does Trump say?  How is it different?
Well he's not president anymore and Trump wouldn't know a red line if he tripped over it ignorant SOB
You forgot how the Syrian gov gassed iys own people, the first time BHO put the red line but looked the other way and he was the smart POTUS
So, tell me, what's Trump's position?
We r taking here about Sen Rubios I am not a Trumpist and dont care to defend him but didnt vote Dem. Im Rubio follower and always will vote
You're still responsible.
It's cute that you keep tweeting as though everything is normal while the @GOP implodes live on TV, day after day.
The GOP had record fundraising u poor DEM u r the one imploding  not even Mr Perez can revive it
Never been a registered Democrat in my life, but keep relying on that same old partisan shilling to defend imploding @GOP
R u sure? U r putting all GOP ppl in the same sack.u included.
What abt the US Wealth Care Crimes in the Senate?  That's what you should champion against
You're OK with a Russian asset in the White House? Doesn't that make you a traitor? #TrumpRussia
Wow. Evidence please. Oh yea. You got nothing
Trump was a business man and a traveler. So....Evidence please. This is not evidence of collusion
Collusion is besides the point. The problem is we don't know if he's owned by Russia, which puts our troops and intelligence agents at risk.
How about passing the remove Trump and vote out all Republicans from public office bill.
The Republican Party & Trump sold us out to Russia
And Obama and Dem sild us to Iran and went to dance salsa with Castro
Whete are all the politicians at if you dont stand with Trump step down. The  swanp needs drained
Thank you Senator @marcorubio for standing up to defend Freedom & Human Rights
Thank u ou Mr. RUBIO for all your hard work for our country and for supporting our Great President.  GOD BLESS OUR COUNTRY.
Please don't tell the President. Just saying.
When do you expect to hold a town hall Sir?? Remember the people that hired you? We will remember.
How about having a Town Hall Meeting in Tampa?
Several of us would like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind.
Self made crisis.
Shouldn't you be concerned with Florida and the Sessions investigation?
Total desaster for Marco Rubio : miss Rossiya is more gorgeous than miss Yankee, and especially she is Orthodox Christian !
As you know, Marco Rubio do not support Orthodox Christian. Slaughter of Copt childrens today in Egypt is good news for him
@marcorubio You are my hero! ThankYou for Always doing the Right Thing!
And Trump was suporting Putin on this for how long?
Yes anyone that bombs children should be held for war crimes right... including us.
Always standing on the side of #Freedom 
Such arrogance and pride... and this, from a man who loves to quote the Bible.   Hypocritical Marco
Awesome.
Marco you guys better start fighting for trump. Sick of u guts havng no balls & backstabbing him the people picked him and u wor k for us.
really little marco so who will enforce your bogus waste of tax dollars bill. RU planning another Pres run ? trump waiting to bury U !! rofl
#HelpRudyBlancoHomePerryFL @ShelRudy , please help @marcorubio , this belongs home with his family. Please help this man comehome
and your war on American people and their right to healthcare ?
Senator Rubio the situation in Venezuela is terrible! Today has escalated again the repression
#TreyGowdy MORE CONCERNED W/ WHO UNMASKED #MIKEFLYNN @FBI @HOUSEGOP @GOP #Brennan #RUSSIAGATE HEARINGS. #GOWDY BETRAYING HIS COUNTRY! #RT
Shut up little marco....you and your Bible quotes are annoying as hell!!!!
Thank you Sen. Rubio for defending human rights in Syria.Thanks America
No one cares what u pass, since nothing u touch is relevant, just like u little Rubio, worthless Republican Senator
War crimes? You mean like the 68 children we killed last week in #Syria???
Godspeed
Not named* I mean seriously on a really serious note you seem like a descent guy
I liked you a lot in the debates. You had no substance what so ever but you were articulate and not names jeb bush
Named *, also, when the damn breaks, it would make you look a lot better if you called for your former drug running governor' arrest
How about solving the run off from Lake Okeechobee act? Florida Senator, correct?
@billpostmus  Put a sock in it little Marco .......
Thank you very much sen.Rubio, you are great.
So let us see exactly what your plan is ... POST IT !
younwerw in on the Russia deal
Of course it will ... hope you get your goal ...
hopefully we can find a way to bring peace to all in this world, sometimes we just have to change what doesn't work.
More importantly every single time we conduct ourselves in this way People DIE, Americans, and people of all nations It must end
Every single time we as a nation walk down this road it leads to our next chapter of horrors that only expensive bombs "solve.."
There is a better path for this world, we need to find a better way and work towards peace instead of funding out next threat!
how long before the consequences of quantitative easing crest? War is a great distraction from the things that haunt us...
but hey we all need a good distraction right? War in #Syria is far better then addressing the cornucopia of problems at home...
what is truly sad is #warcrimes in #Syria are called #Selfdefense in #Yemen minus the false flag Chem attacks in #Syria
who defended one of the oldest #Christian settlements in #Syria when rebels took it over and began imposing their radicalism?
how many more millions have to die before the masses realize we did it all for the radicals? All hail our #Wahhabis partners...
intervention clearly worked well, #Afghanistan #Iraq #Libya now #Yemen mostly via proxy, but still so much death...
Escalating an already bad situation in #Syria based on facts history will judge incorrect. Ok...
People in the USA are more worried about food, rent, jobs, healthcare. Your war crimes act means nothing to them when their kids are dying
On what?? We trying to overthrow their government? Common man! Trump said he would leave Syria alone!
Wasn't your father involved in the Kennedy assassination?  Just kidding. #dumpTrump
You will it effect Trump if the UN declares his attack s crime.
As my US Sen I would like to know why u accepted a $1 mil donation from a pro-Putin Ukrainian biz man? Pls explain!
How is your man in Montana? You and the GOP built this!
Nice that you support candidates that beat up reporters
Foreign relations? You mean you have a comitee aboutTrump going out grabbing foreigners by the pussy?  That isn't very koscher? Is it?
AUXILIO S.O.S. VENEZUELA VAN 58 MUERTOS Y ESTAN MASACRANDO AL PUEBLO DE SOCOPO ESTADO BARINAS LOS TERRORISTAS GNB Y PNB DEL GOBIERNO
Marco Rubio bill war crimes act is designed to promote war, aggression on Iran, Russia USA must wake up no more endless wars .@RandPaul
America call your senators tomorrow & tell them to vote no on Marco Rubio's bill for endless wars
Are you calling for a full investigation of Trump Russia ties?  That is #1.
Great now let's pass the tax cuts and the healthcare reforms
Por favor ayude a Vzla en estos momentos hay masacres ayudennos ayudennos por piedad
America elected President Trump, you are a Republican, when are you going to get out there and start supporting POTUS! Stop your nonsense.
Circa Report today proved Obama illegally spied on Americans for yrs., seriously violating the 4th Amendment. You must investigate for us!!!
Let's get back to talking about healthcare Marco, unless you want to keep hiding from your constituents.
Always glad to hear success stories!
Keep up the good work Marco. God Bless you!
And tonight you're fundraising for a violent criminal in Montana.
Pass the presidents healthcare bill please
Now let's unite and pass healthcare & tax reform!!
I need to see what's in it. Hopefully it's a patriotic act
#democracycrisis
And when can your constituents expect a town hall?
Hey Marco don't go beating up any reporters like your body did tonite!
How can you be a congressman and a traitor all at the same time there's something wrong with this system very wrong
Marco, it saddens me to think I once was a supporter, u r no more than the liberal,  bias media, RINO McCain & Linsey,  stand by 45#
Great! Now how about having a Townhall meeting or at least clean out your voicemail so your constituents can leave you a message?
Pass the fucking impeachment Act next #russianpuppetregime
GOOD GLAD TO HEAR THAT GO RUBIO
Do you need a stool to reach the table and sign it, Little Marco.? You’re too RINOesque. Grow a pair.
How about you give us the newest revelations about your Atty General's nondisclosure re recurring Russian contact with Kislyak in your FRC.
Very good!
Hopefully you can successfully prosecute ISIS aka the moderate rebels aka the deep state.
Great job Marco keep working you can do great things
You're the best #senator.
Yes he is! #LoveMarcoRubio
How about getting articles of impeachment ready to get Trump out!!! #ComeySmarterThanTrump  #Trumprussia  #Russiagate  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
We never should have bomded them. If we had hit the gas that they supposedly had we would have killed hundreds of people.
Time to secure US against Russian threat. Move to oust the orange menace.
Explain this please
Oh! Finally someone not ignoring the #crisis in #syria thank you senator#KeepItUp
Bc I am a resident of ur district, I am asking 4you 2vote w our POTUS on ALL issues including AHCA, Wall, Taxes, Interstates, defense etc
does this incarcerate you and your cronies for #warcrimes
Did George Soros say it was okay ?
Why
What would be much more important is to focus on Russia having a strong hold right here in America politics. #Trumprussia #TheResistance
Praise God! Thank you God be with you as you fight for human Rights everywhere!
get something the hell done get some legislation to Trump get these ass holes to work
Our president was elected for "his" agenda, tax cuts, immigration, healthcare, economy, good  jobs. You lost!
#whocares - how about healthcare, tax reform, budget - something that helps Americans
Thank you for your service Marco
Thank you Sen. Rubio for defending human rights in Syria.
Please add an amendment against US Senators like @SenJohnMcCain making secret trips, and conducting his own foreign poicy for his own gain.

GOD BLESS YU Marco#1
Damn, highway for liberals who hate conservatives but can't get enough of them! Amazing! Secret Trump lovers!
Don't really know if that is good or bad. Know you are bad! Have not seen you do anything yet that helps or supports your constituents!
On my twitter page @marcorubio #HelpRudyBlancoHomePerryFL
Y en vzla???que pasa senador...ayudenos porfa
@marcorubio PLEASE look into our family. #HelpRudyBlancoHomePerryFL #weneedrudyhere #RudyBlanco
@marcorubio #HelpRudyBlancoHomePerryFL
Hope this bill doesnt give wartime combatants USA Constitutional benefits Lawyers assisting belligerents N local court rather than Military
In Military Courts as Wartime Criminals NOT available to as it were US Citizens! No where near our FAMILIES! Use Cuban prison location 4this
Good for you big boy...have a cookie.
and kobane is in Syria.
what's that going to do? They don't follow our laws.
does that include the Turkish government supplying arms to ISiS to fight the Kurds in Kobane?  yes that is a war crime
You shouldn't even be allowed to pass gass.  I know nothing and you know less
how about doing something that actually has an effect on everyday american lives?
Until you stand up against Russian interference in election you are irrelevant.
Someone just body slammed someone or something Marco. Policy be damned!
bible verse
Will you be charged with crimes against humanity for be the facilitating, financing, and supply of weapons to both the rebels and ISIS?
Great! This is extremely important. What is on the pipeline for Venezuela?
So will killing civilians in Syria be a war crime?
You mean ISIS?
I mean any entity that kills innocent civilians.
Great work!  #leadership
Hmm, with all the photos of you & McCain posing with head ldrs of Al Queda when ya went there? Psst BO & NSA got caught-HIDE MARKIE
John McCain and Lindsey Graham going to be the first syrian war crime criminals charged?
Healtcare (your shitty party bill) and TrumpRussia must be the priority. Marco, the man who cant walk the talk.
So you going to stop the war or you to talk?
We should pass on everything you out your signature on traitor to the Democracy! Have you returned your dirty funds?
Marco let raise our voices against all the norms violations that is taking place in our Nation. Stand up
Why and For What? #trumpleaks #coverup #trumprussia
Where's the #republicansdestroyamerica act?
Maybe you 2nd to pass American war crimes act to protect reporters in Montana and all over this country thanks to the rhetoric of your boss
I have more faith in true Americans than that
Well that will make a nice change from the usual smoke & mirrors.
tomorrow you should grow a set and demand Congress support our president. You are destroying our country with witch hunts.
We don't care, pass tRump crimes against Americans Act. He is doing more damage than most other things in this world. WAKE UP .@GOP!
Lol
Two aspects of the same problem as it relates to Syria/Iraq
