How about the biggest threat to the USA? Your boy Trump. Why are you supporting his every horrible move against the people of this country?
And the biggest threat to the United States is Moscow. #trumprussia
Clown show in the White House. Big threat is Russia! Pushed Venezuela and Cuba right into their hands!
Marco Rubio anda en Drogas
The Trump clown show is performing in DC.....the biggest threat to the United States
Agree! Thanks for your support to the Venezuelan people!
Maduro is selling petroleum refineries to Russia and China
lol communism gonna win
You don't get to use the term "clown show" when you support making one in the US...and have a major role in said clown show.
And the biggest threat to American democracy is gutless, compromises Senate collaborators.
The people of Venezuela need and want their freedombut we can't fight against police and military force.We don't have any weapon to defend
The only clown in the world that makes a whole nation cry.
I couldn’t agree more.
Hay que apurar el paso .
SOS VENEZUELA! ! AYUDA POR FAVOR! !
What happens when Putin sends troops to prop up Maduro they way he has propped up Asad?
Marcos rubio hablá paja y es uno más de los títeres útiles del gobierno de gringolandia
Well... with the news that cockroach milk is better than regular milk... at least Venezuelans will have something to pair with their rabbit.
Democracia SI! Maduro NO!
Well if anyone would know a clown show it would be you Little Marco
And socialism is what the Democrats are pushing. What are they thinking?
And the bigger clown Trump is giving the US the worst performance a president has ever given. Get him out of the WH b4 it’s too late.
Thanks so much Senator Rubio. I'm a grateful USA/Venezuelan Citizen.
On ne doit pas traiter un dirigeant comme cela ni sanctionner un Peuple.
To Veneuela and to the rest of the countries, including USA. @NicolasMaduro is the America’s Kim Jong, a really dangerous clown.
If they've defaulted on their loans with Russia, Putin owns Citgo. You're welcome.
All transactions made without approval from the legitimate Venezuelan National Assembly are voidable! Meaning with "no legal effect"!
How about worry about what's going on here in the US. Oh, and Trump has early signs of dementia.
Sorry, but what happens in Latin America DOES affect the US. Domino theory
Please, please as days goes by more and more innocents die ! We need food, laws, freedom, water, so many basic things that we don't have...
More than that Senator! He is a disgusting mediocre uneducated thief murder! Not even Venezuelan!
People will be paid in smaller wages or through food exchange
Hey Marco,we know don't like Maduro. Focus a bit on Puerto Rico. It may actually get you votes.  Got your attention?
Puerto Ricans are a surging, outraged political force in Florida. @eliseviebeck @JoelAchenbach report http://wapo.st/2xXZHPo 
No scripture to go along with this?
He travels in a Cubana de aviación plane, stupid ignorant
And the 45 Clown Show? Performing daily in America?
Love you @marcorubio !! Thanks for all the support !!!
Maduro and their socialism of involution have destroyed everything in their path. Venezuela in its worst crisis
Thanks Mr. Rubio for your interest in Venezuela. Please continue. We need help. We are dying of starvation or due to the lack of medicines.
I think Russia should give them lots of money. Especially money they do not have.
@vencancilleria we have on the brazilian border something like 30.000 people including indians without venezuela support hungry for sure
The biggest threat to the U.S. is the @realDonaldTrump clown show, now appearing in D.C.   But THAT doesn't seem to bother you that much.
The POTUS clown show is here. Been here for 9 months.
Senator Rubio please keep pressing our Goverment to look up new alternatives so Venezuela will reestablish this Democracy
Yes!  This is our worst nightmare!  And the people suffering from lack of medicines,  food! Get rid of this evil regime!!
Maduro is the worse president ever!
Al parecer, el show de payaso de Maduro se está presentando esta semana en Moscú  La mayor amenaza para Venezuela es el régimen de Maduro.
The biggest threat to our safety is you and your #nra donors
I care more about healthcare for children...where are we on this?
What else would you expect. Maduro learned this from @realDonaldTrump and the GOP who are bought and paid for by Putin. Sad for America!
the biggest clown show is happening in the White House, Marco. Everybody knows that. You do, too.
the biggest threat to America is the current POTUS but you're more worried about Venezuela.
Name calling is so beneath you.  Don’t start acting like Trump!
@realDonaldTrump Similiar to the USA. Biggest threat is Trump!
I think is time to replace la MUD because that Oppositors are not true   They are with the regimen and they are giving oxygen to Maduro
Oh yeah, but the Energy Forum attended by Maduro in Moscow was also attended by CEOs from US oil companies that finance Rubio's campaigns.
to Venezuela only? The US is endangering its interests in the area and loosing a strategic geopolitical position...Rusia will close the area

You are perhaps the biggest threat to Florida.
If not, please let us know at your town hall
Thanks so much @marcorubio of venezuelan people. Good Bless you
What about our clown in the WH?
Just go for them stop talking and go for them , our people is dying S.O.S VENEZUELA
Basta ya de tener las manos sovieticas en nuestro continente americano

Be careful. Someone may wonder when @realDonaldTrump clown show will perform.

Yes, indeed, thanks for telling the world
Well, if we miss that show in Moscow, we can always watch the clown show in Washington DC.
Communism. Socialism forced with a dictator.
“Clown show”!  Lol!
The @realDonaldTrump clown show has been performing in Moscow since prior to his candidacy. Biggest threat to the US ever! #ImpeachTrumpNow
He still causing harm and being a potential danger for America
Stay vigilant. Watch for Trump admin's approach toward  to change, and CALL HIM OUT when/if Trump's stance softens.

And Belarus...
Marco, Decent Venezuelans thrust on you and not in their oposición
We have the American Maduro in the White House too. Can't even complete a sentence
Marco, no bajea la guardia por favor, aqui hace falta tu ayuda urgentemente, no es exageración, nos matan a tiros, de hambre y enfermedades
OOH more name calling from little Marco. You're so grown-up. Anything on gun control, will u do anything.
Not encouraging news.
That's funny since the Biggest threat to the USA is the Trump clown show!
Please work on issues here and not abroad. We got problems in our backyard. Fix us then everyone else.
@GOP works closely with russia. Why not maduro?
Trafico,guerrillas,y lamentablemente la mayoria se opositores no les importa el pais, solo sus intereses.
Well jeez. Isn’t this the pot calling the kettle black?
Y enfermedades,definitivamente la unica solución que la mayoria vemos es la intervención militar, Venezuela es un nido de terrorismo,narco
Loco,bestia,Dictadorzuelo,esta terminando de entregar nstro. Pais.a cuanto Dictador existe, mienstta el pueblo sige muriendo de hambre
Apreciado Marco,se que nstro.presidente Trump.esta muy ocupados con todas estas tragedias,pero no se puede dejar el tema de Venezuela.este
US-Pay Attention. Putin is  creeping influence into SA. When we turned our heads, the Soviets moved into Cuba. @LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC
Speaking of clown shows, tell us how you would have voted on gun silencer bill, Mr. I Took 3+ million $ from the NRA!
You & @realDonaldTrump #TraitorTrump #traitortrump are the biggest threat to this country. 
.
when he hears trump roar he shits himself
You have your own clown show to worry about but you are afraid to mention his name
Please replace @NicolasMaduro with @POTUS, Venezuela with USA, Maduro with Trump and repost. Thanks in advance for your honesty!
Shouldn't you focus on the sh*t-storm at home? After the last few weeks your nation is in dire straits... Harvey, Irma, Maria, Las Vegas...
And the biggest threat to the USA is me, #dosomething #complicit
Hmmm, wondering in what other situation would a reference to “clown show” be appropriate? Can you think of one Lil Marco?
I saw him on PBS. He will have to answer to Almighty God in Heaven
Really?
y qué tal le parece este anuncio:
Rodríguez Zapatero: "Habrán regionales en 2017 y presidenciales en 2018"

Habla el canciller de Maduro y vocero del CNE 
por lo pronto maduro está dispuesto a complacer a los rusos: préstamos a cambio de tornar activos, en acciones de PDVSA-CITGO
and ours is Trump
And the biggest threat to the US is the President. Why don't you do something for our country & get him out!!!!!
Here the the USA we have the @realDonaldTrump clown show. Right #LittleMarco?
DIOS TE BENDIGA CUIDE Y PROTEJA
MARCO RUBIO ERES NOBLE TE
PREOCUPAS POR LOS 
NECESITADOS DIOS
TE CUIDE SIEMPRE
AMÉNNNNNNNNN
Are you sure you're not talking about the clown show we have going on here in US?
POR ESO HAY QUÉ SACARLO
RÁPIDO ANTES QUÉ SÉA TARDE
DIOS Y SU GRAN PODER
ES NUESTRO ALIADO
CON SU EJÉRCITO 
CELESTIAL ÁNGELES 
Y ARCÁNGELES,,
Oh, that's interesting. Build the Wall. Repeal Obamacare.
That's funny. We have a Moscow clown show performing daily at the @WhiteHouse. @POTUS is the show and Putin is the ringmaster.
Y los rusos viendo de pescar en rio revuelto
The trump clown show performs daily here.  Check it out sometime
Rubio sold his soul to Putin!
What about the clown show here in the US? Ever care to chime in on that?
Now days the US has the only key to end this dangerous nightmare: oil embargo. If you don't act now the whole region will regret it
@realDonaldTrump is a big threat to this country. Don't see you too concerned.
Keeping it real!  
#Truth
Hey we need to look at the clown in THIS country.  Why does he love Putin so much?
Yo creo que al final los shows son bilaterales..... y los que sufren son los pueblos
The Russians are Coming, ask the POTUS

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Hey, Marco. Wake up. We got a budding regime here at home we need to worry about.
Focus on this clown show over here dude
when does impeachment start? the biggest threat to the US is @GOP leadership

“Clown” is not Senatorial 
SOS VENEZUELA
Time to look at the clown show that is happening in the WH instead of anywhere else Rubio! Grow a pair!
Taking the show on the road.
Just as the MORON TRUMP  circus is to America. REPUBLICANS NEED TO ACT DUE TO NOT HAVING THE BALLS TO DO SO.

So do something about Moscow supporting him AND North Korea!
What about Chip and numb stocks?   Get busy on that.
Think you need to be careful w your vocabulary.  We have a clown show
And as long as the USA continues to purchase petroleum from Maduro regime we are aiding and abetting
Replace Maduro with Trump and you’ve got yourself two great tweets.
@NicolasMaduro #clownshow
Sad that the #clownshow isn’t just for #nationalfunkyday  Praying for Venezuela
Meanwhile, the @realDonaldTrump clown show continues in Washington
As big a threat as trump to the US
And the biggest threat to USA are Trump, his government and most republican lawmakers.
Your a weak senator. Go back to you Bible verses and let the grown up talk. When are the primaries again?
The little filthy pay to play marco clown show is performs for the US every day #russianpuppetregime
What are you doing about our very own Putin problems?How many more times do you need to hear "our elections were tampered with"?Do something
Little filthy pay to play marco, you don't work for Venezuela. Fix the US regime. #russianpuppetregime
The @realDonaldTrump clown show is performing in the US for 3 more years.  The biggest threat to liberal democracy is the Trump regime.
Putin is the real President of Venezuela and Cuba, we (America) need to do something to put Maduro out of service soon.
Maduro is following only Raul Castro instructions. Nothing else! Maduro is a robot!
As opposed to the biggest threat to America being the GOP regime?
And the biggest threat to our nation is the Trump regime.
We have a Russian @POTUS and your concern with @NicolasMaduro . Wtf, stick to your bible tweets.
So petty name calling has now become a diplomacy norm with Trump in office? So professional, and Christian like. #NRATerrorist
Yea he's bad but I'm more concerned about you taking your NRA blood money.
So now you're emulating Trump with his sophomoric name calling? You are US Senator! ACT LIKE IT!
Welcome to the Nickname Era! For a guy who calls himself  a christian that is certainly a regression!

You And @realDonaldTrump are the greatest threat to #USA #gunlaws #healthcare #preexistingconditions #russia #nk #epa #publicschool #RESIST
So, now you’ve stooped to calling a regime childish names.
This is your idea of leadership?
Stop it! This is how you make bigger enemies.
No better than Trump...Remember "Little Marco"?
Sadly, it fits. But for them to be calling another country’s President/regime names is childish and dangerous.
I expect better from my Sen.
To late for little Marco
Long ago ceased to be a threat, is a reality that literally destroyed Venezuela
Time to send in Green Beret and shut Maduro down.
Wow, the hiprocosy!  The real  is @realDonaldTrump and his Putin ties. Let's not forget Rex and his Putin ties.

So now you too have resorted to name calling and belittling leaders of other countries?  #MAGA
we have our own @realDonaldTrump clown show here in the USA, how do you not see that?
No way!
What about the @realDonaldTrump clown show in PR. Throwing paper towels, I expect this from maduro, but a us president. MAGA
The traveling @realDonaldTrump clown show  has been making his rounds here & he’s the biggest threat to the USA #DoSomething 
Not just to Venezuela, also to Colombia and Guatemala. They very close to become socialist nations too.
Worry about us.
Hey Marco, before you clean up Maduro's house, how about cleaning up your own-healthcare, immigration, guns, infrastructure. Get to work
To Venezuela and to the USA.
It is not only the biggest threat to Venezuela, but to South America, as well.An unwanted neighbor,for his inmorality and lack of conscience
I appreciate you being a voice for the Venezuelan people. Thank you Thank you
... now if you could only get our very own in-house - clown to do something, before Venezuela becomes a strategic nightmare for the USA
Don't forget NarcoPresidente SAMPER delegate from Colombia is present as well...Ojo!! Colombia is copying Venezuela tragedy...
Sen Rubio, I love how you are taking an active role against Communist regimes in our hemisphere. Keep up the good work.
You worry about Russia messing with Venezuela! What Russia attacking our democracy!!! Hypocrite!!
#traitorinthewhitehouse house
U should concentrate more on the t-rump horror show HERE in our USA.
No USA is a threat to the planet
And what would he be doing there I wonder?
Freeze hs money, here, in Brasil, Bolivia, everywhere
Marco #1
The @realDonaldTrump clown show has been playing in the US for 9 months.  It's the biggest threat to democracy we have ever seen.  #Impeach
You have no clue how good you have it!!! Go to venezuela and find out
You don’t know how bad it’s going to get in the United States, maybe you should to go to Venezuela
MY  GAD .......... ...BIG
And the biggest threat to America is the Trump regime.
