You better get ur shit together
What are you talking about? Sen Rubio is the hardest working and most efficient member of Congress. Wish he were my Senator.
I've done my research. Those talking points are old and false. How about you do your research.
Simply not true. He had a lot of absences during his first term but they were completely justified. Anyway, how about you focus on the now.
We all know about Indivisible and the fake townhalls. Invite me to one next time. What a joke!!
In the meantime the guard, police and chavista militia have killed 7 young people and there are hundreds wounded
#Venezuela dictator @NicolasMaduro gets pelted by rocks from angry mob http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/venezuela/article144149264.html …
Pay attention to the massive amount of human rights violations in Venezuela. This cannot continue to happen !!!
could you please talk about Venezuela more? What needs to happen?!
Me dirijo aUd para expresarle mi gran preocupación x mi Pais se qestán preocupados necesitamos pronta su intervención nos están matando
Vzla necesita el mismo apoyo dado a Libia, aviones cazas para neutralizar al opresor,luego enviar armas a la resistencia y apoyo diplomático
Your friend Drumpf took 500k from this guy. Stop acting like you care. It's all about  & oil. #putin #trumprussia
Wait.... Can we do that to our dictator also?
No entiendo Senador por qué lo llama dictador cuando en Vzla tenemos una tiranía. De hecho Ud mismo ha dicho cómo tratarla:
Please help Venezuela, good loving Christian people R starving, imprisoned & being killed by corrupt government. VP is evil terrorist
I am a constituent and Venezuelan born. How much does the country need to endure?
Te queremos como nuestro presidente, Senador Rubio! :) Viva Rubio siempre! :)  
Must be liberal democrats being paid by Soros.....good law abiding republicans would stay at home and support their dictator.
#venezuela needs your @marcorubio #SosVenezuela @RosLehtinen @@oswaldoalvarez @realDonaldTrump @alexagomez2000 @liliantintori @elcitizen
This April 19, the pellets and tear gas that the people will receive, will be of the oil US dollars that the Tyranny receives from you
He has help from the three muslims running the country! Ohala!
What actions is taking USA to reduce narco regime dictator power in Venezuela?
Cada vez estamos mas SOLOS VENEZUELA como Cuba En cada marcha la dictadura cobra vidas humanas
No entiendo Senador por qué Ud ha cambiado su lenguaje y llama dictador a quien no lo es. Dictadura es algo del modelo republicano romano
FUND THE WALL.
When do we get our chance!
Is that why you are afraid to meet your constituents at a town hall? #StonedToDeath
Help venezueland, 6 students killed , SOS Venezie
Are u afraid we're going to throw rocks at u,is that why u don't hold a town hall? It's time to grow a set Rubio. Face the people of FLA
So happy for that, I regret that were eggs instead of rocks.
Could not happen to a nicer guy.
I so hope this ends like all other failed communist regimes, he and his entire family burning in the street when the people have had enough
In the U.S. the mob would have been shot.
And you don't show up for town hall meetings...something tells me there'd be a similar result and tweeted video.
Gets what he deserves. Marcos please use all your influence to make sure President Trump rolls back all concessions made to Cuba by Obama.
Are you happy   Marco?
That will soon be you and your Republican/Russian counterparts
What? They don't appreciate Obama's buddy? Maduro ran out of handouts.
So... poor leadership & doing things the people dont want can have bad results? Humph... #themoreyouknow
He hopes it 'rocks'.  He deserves far worse
@NicolasMaduro Arree!
At least people get to throw rocks at him
while another country in Asia is still waiting for that privilege.
Another? I count at least 4.
LOL
But wait a minute - according to @BernieSanders these people should be blissfully happy, right? This being a utopian government and all.
I guess they were trying a new strategy for getting his attention?
He needs to go
Take a stand on something that helps your constituents!!!
Hey Marquito. Now we know why you refused to hold a town hall meeting with your constituents. No need to be afraid. We're not that angry....
ESTAMOS DESAMPARADOS NADIE NOS
AYUDA SOLO DIOS PARECE QUE LE TIENEN
SEÑOR RUBIO CON TODO RESPETO UNA
PREGUNTA QUE HA PASADO CON LA CARTA
DEMOCRÁTICA NADIE NOS AYUDA ESTAMOS A MERCED DE PERSONAS 
ARMADAS D GOB
Wittle Marco suckles the Trump teet
We promise not to pelt you with rocks when you hold your Townhall in Northeast Florida!
Let's pray that this problem gets solved so the people can live in a decent society and not under dictatorship.
Next time, use bigger rocks.
En el 2017 hay q revivir la sangre d nuestros gloriosos libertadores q llegaron desde el arco del triunfo en París hasta Argentina #sosvzla
Take notes.... you better learn how to duck!! #TownHall #townmeeting
El CHAVISTA CORRUPTO Herman Escarrá comprándose un Mercedes Benz en MIAMI FL. concesionario de LUXE. HORA DE ACTUAR MARCOS RUBIO!
yada yada yada
@marcorubio why don't you worry about our own crazy president instead?
Do U Want That To Happen Here.. If U And The Capital Hill Gang Keep Up Your Poor Choices It Will
Soon this will be happening in the USA the way your party is governing
You call what they are doing "governing?"  More like makingnthe rich richer and screwing those that elected them. Despicable bunch.
It's about time for the Venezuelan people to rise up. No toilet paper will do it every time.
Hopefully the criminals who threw these rocks will be arrested and prosecuted. Maduro already busy fighting the corrupt 1%.
@marcorubio a need talk to you please, necesito hablar con usted
I am hearing that's what happens to leaders who get elected and do a crappy job and hide from their constituents. #russianpuppetregime #SAD
THIS JUST STINKS TO THE HIGH HEAVEN no A HAVEN for very rich people which strollthrough YOUR PLACE This is getting low ball even for you!!
Was he wearing a Make America Great Again hat? Land of the friggin' lost. Hey Bernie you socialist putz R you watching?!
Is this why you fear meeting with your own constituents?  We just want to talk! Why don't you #resist Trump?  #DoYourJob #WheresMarco
HEY maybe if we the people started doing that here our MoCs would remember we exist instead of just corps!  Whens your town hall@marcorubio
Marco, when usa will do anything with venezuela?
You have no idea how many of us feel the same way about the GOP.
Awesome
Terrific that you have time to tweet about Venezuela;how about you take some time to hold a town hall w/your constituents?@CanWeTalkRubio
Oh yes. Time for him to go is getting really close. God bless the Venezuelan patriots. They Federer.
we are not very far away from this happening to politicians HERE. Start putting COUNTRY before PARTY
Too bad because several of our Politicians deserve this. Form the top down
It's not a nice thing to do to anyone but he has earned it and deserves it
Senador @marcorubio ayude usted a Venezuela
when's your town hall?
I would like this 8 million times if Twitter would let me!
When will #Maldives #dictator see such a day?  @NicolasMaduro @MiamiHerald
Bet he thought he was in the Middle East
I guess people can't take it anymore, they need meaningful change.
Senator please help, don't drop your guard and stay alert on Ecuador & Venezuela #Humanrights #dictatorship #oppression #freedom #tirany
I thought that was you- I mean the context applies
Socialism everywhere ends the same  when will people wake up embrace capitalism competition and tangible money ? That means US as well
That'll be you soon.
aren't you sweet?
Ya van 4 muertos desde que Maduro y su grupo paramilitar (colectivos) comenzaron a reprimir las protestas,aún así la gente sigue en la calle
Time to get the hell out of town 
The continent's worst nightmare , is bad
The coup will soon be happening there
Praying for the people of #Venezuela 
Who holds a parade during a rebellion!?
Socialism works well , doesn't it ?
This people need help Sir!
No.  We're not taking refugees.
They dont need it !!IYou cant understand!I apreciate your comment!
Yes..  from the people that used to be his followers.. too bad today he still hurting my country.
Hey Marco shouldn't you be complaining about Cuba?
Don't kid yourself, Rubio. Most of your policies aren't much different than those of Maduro.
Right, what are you smoking?
I'm a metal statue on top of the Nebraska Statehouse. Definitely too immobile to smoke anything. Plus, I lack lungs.
This is a good time to go on the record: Support Marijuana Legalization. #FreeTheWeed baby!!!
Another Putin puppet...
Good, he deserves it.
EN COLOMBIA @JuanManSantos  ESTA MONTANDO UNA DICTADURA IGUAL.
De su padte Fidel lo aprendieron
You support dictator Trump, Little Marco.
Wait....can we do that too????
You are McCain's puppet...
