we will be watching to see how you vote on DeVos
and yes she is going to be confirmed 
Just like she should be... and you @VP will be deciding vote
she should not be confirmed, she will create a generation of poorly educated children
actually I do... and she will be confirmed and the sky won't fall down
please enlighten me as to how the voucher system works
well it mean choice... and choice is always a good thing... that way you choose for u and I choose for me
and voucher means what...
it means you love telling other what to do, as your a scared chicken little
u sold out on Tillerson nomination
War!
Shameful. How in the world could you vote for Devos.
Senator when will the @GOP quit supporting #potus45 as he attempts to unravel what took us 240 years to accomplish #impeachTRUMP
just what is it that POTUS is unravelling? Can you share this information?
Noel, guessing the 10 that follow U & the 25 U follow haven't read a fucking newspaper in the last month ? 
you still haven't answered my question...
Noel are you stupid or can't understand an answer when given? #idiot #TrumpTrain rider. Wake up fellow. #impeach
Glad to hear of bi-partisan effort to keep Russian sanctions in place. Good to see you not 100% w/ current admin
but what if DeVos tells you to? You're pathetic
Marco took a bribe today for his vote on Devos he is a criminal.
Crimea?
my family from Ukraine, near fighting, very urgent that this is cleared up so Ukraine remains intact
And i truly had some high hopes for you to rise up.... who bought you out?
I'd like to know what he did with all that uranium Hillary sold him.
and ends his war on LGBTQ and women
Will to bend over for trump like you did for the DeVos vote (and $100,000 from her family) #conman
I am so disappointed to see you become so quiet to this POTUS.  I feel he is an actual danger to our country. Please speak!
STOP JOINING IN WITH THE SOROS GLOBALISTS!  U know who they are.   We want to trust you but just can't. Support TRUMP 100%
GLOBALISTS EU wants Ukraine and will lie to the limit to attack Putin.  Russia is NOT the Soviet Union.  R you a blood drinker?
@Unite2020 oh u are so smart, give it up!
The only one wich violated Ukraine sovereignty is the US with there iligal coup.
I'm sure you will change your mind if he throws money at you
small little man, hope you enjoy being bought for $100k to support an unqualified cabinet pick.
Russians are using political blackmail
Thank you!  You are refreshing.  I know that we are being led into an abyss, please tell me why we have to go thru this.
What if Betsy DeVos asked you to?
You sold out on Tillerson.  Don't sell out on DeVos too.  Defend education, not donors.  https://www.gofundme.com/nodevos  #nodevos
OOPs ...looks like he sold out
And, will you actually do what you say? History says, probably not.
Is it a Hispanic thing? Why would a Secretary of State call anyone a stupid name before even meeting with him.
@SenRubioPress and yet you voted Yes on Tillerson. HMMM
@SenRubioPress If I give you $98k will you change your mind?
LITTLE MARCO, YOU LOST & HAVE NO BUSINESS TELLING ME WHAT WE SHOULD & SHOULDN'T DO! NOW GO ADVISE AND *CONSENT*!
Thank you!  Trump's KGB tactics must be stopped too. Protect America & our constitution from him & his cronies.
lesson learned today is money can buy a presidential cabinet post no experience required
No, this is a TRICK!  I do not agree with this ploy.  You are a fool to fall for this.  DO NOT LIFT SANCTIONS
Please stand up 4 America against this unqualified President. Support America's children, not Betsy Devos. 4yrs?.
c, words Marco words. They don't mean a thing if you don't back them up and so far you sure haven't.
@SenRubioPress Get a backbone, stand up to Trump, 2018 comes soon and you Republicans who allow Trump to sink us can be replaced
SNL had you right! The only Republican candidate with common sense
#NoOnDeVos
Tough talk.  You will cave like Tillerson and DeVos.  No honor left.  We have enough puppets.  We need leaders.
please stand up to bully trump. Stop being afraid!
Make Florida proud. Vote NO on DeVos
Yes! Good on you. It may be that we have a person of poor character for President but you don't have to lower your standards too
Then why did you vote for Putin's award-winning best friend Rex Tillerson???????
why is this matter yours to be concerned with?
@SenRubioPress You supported him. Now U need to demand @jasoninthehouse @GOPoversight hold hearings re Trump's ties 2 Putin.
#Ukraine could be next #Syria if u don't stop Putin now. 
Peace in Ukraine,Syria,  Gaza
don't forget #Syria too.
You are making me feel as if I should turn Republican! Thx for standing up to Trump. Your honesty is rare in Washington.
acted tough on Tillerson and sent him through... dont repeat it with Devos and Price! Redeem yourself Marco you can do it!
WAS impressed when you stood against bad nominees. NO ON Devos & Price. Make good choices & see the mass of ppl talking to U!
Really? Why not support #independent investigation #Putin #Russia #realDonaldTrump? #WeThePeople KNOW #Trump #spy is ur Friend!
yet you confirmed Putin's buddy Tillerson as Sec of State? Just be quiet.... #wedontbelieveyou
@SenRubioPress watching your vote on DeVos. Vote against her.
and you had the nerve to vote for Rex ? On illegally drilling in the US.  Karma is coming sooner than later . Mark my words !
@SenRubioPress  big talk for a man who won't call out the lunatic destroying America from the WH w Bannon, a white supremacist
what of trump's opining on putin on tv? You are weak, if you want another run at presidency, time to man up to trump
stop signing your tweets, you're not a grandpa
: Well, Senator, good thing you dug in a VOTED FOR Tillerson. #sarcasm
C'mon man!Youre da poster child 4 embarrassment"!So, BHO assassinating US Citizens w/out trial, toppling HOS,isnt like Putin?
investigate Trump and Putin.  Putin promised 19% of state oil company if sanctions lifted.  Just sold that.  Look
only reason i should ever vote DeVos in is if she gave $96 thousand for my campaign. Oh wait she did. That's called a BRIBE
@SenRubioPress   Stand tall tomorrow- vote against DeVos- trying to call your office but all lines busy- listen to us!!
@SenRubioPress
21 GOPers got $950K from DeVos & her family

Guess how many pledged to vote against her after disastrous confirmation hearing?…
@SenRubioPress please vote NO on DeVos! 33305
@SenRubioPress  Vote No DeVo our children deserve better!!! This should not be a vote about party but principal and what's right
the Crimean somewhat autonomous govt. formally requested & voted for annexation. Over 80% Russian..& West...
@SenRubioPress I'm a constituent. Talk is cheap Senator.  Your VOTE and ACTIONS matter.  So far, no backbone.  Be a patriot.
@livegreenordie 
Erm, but USA & UK are illegally bombing in Syria as well as bombing Iraq, Afghanistan and aiding bombing Yemen.
@SenRubioPress or if he is "besties" with our Secretary of State...
LOL! violations of #ukraine??? You HAVE TO ASK #Poroshenko who is guilty of ethnic cleansing. But he #Poroshenko is USA puppet
Putin is not American peoples' enemy. He is elite colonial speculative central banking cartel's enemy.U don't speak for us marco
Says the guy who voted in Tillerson, a crony of Putin. #keeplookingforaspine
We Put Ukrainian Gov. In Place... We Butted In..NOT OUR BUSINESS..
Ukraine is a Civil War between East & West.. Russian had Always BEEN Spoken Here..  Our Gov. HIDES THE TRUTH.. 1 of 2
President Trump will make that decision.
you had your chance to  oppose #SoCalledPresident,you blew it . How's that vote on Tillerson going?
and what are you doing about it?
Come again? Obama regime took down democratically elected Ukraine president to install anti-Russian puppet government.
Words, words..BTW u believe US kills ppl like Putin since u & ur corrupt Republican cronies have not condemned his statements???
Ukrainian nationalists have been commiting hate crimes on Russians. Poroshenko should be put in jail!
Or if Putin really has that pee pee tape.  That's a good reason to lift sanctions too.  Right?
thank you for standing up for American values! #StopPresidentBannon
@SenRubioPress That's all fine and dandy but you confirmed Tillerson despite your conscience.  I see that as complicit.
Never trust Putin u go Marco Thank you.
hey little Marco I don't re call you bluffing like this when PUTIN invaded Crimea or forcing OBAMA to call PUTIN a criminal
@PeterSchturyn Thank you Senator Rubio for your principled stance on #Ukraine . Will #Potus do the same?
Don't lie. You will be the first in line to lift sanctions. You, Marco, are a Russian Asset.
Please vote against DeVos!! She has no experience running our education system.  The lives our children depend on this!VoteNO!!
Please continue to stand up for the wrong the so-called president is doing to our country.
USA same moral ground as Putin? push venting on Trump's tax's/discover relationship's to Putin . No politics' Truth to the USA
wait did he say lift sanctions! I did not hear that,is this fake news
Oh... you've decided to take a stand?
thankyou for being one of the few GoP guys with integrity and backbone. from a Dem
So grow a spine and add standing up to Trump legislatively to your ability to critique his actions on Twitter.  Shame.
Um. But @exxonmobil has a buncha untapped resources to start drilling on! @GOP #priorities
but you confirmed Tillerson. Just focus on finding a spine. No one needs your input.
Marco I still love the fact you have no real back bone. And that you will never be President. You lost to #45 WOW!
he will never do it
We are one  and the same 
We do what  is good for  our country and its defense.Counter all threats  without  reservation. So gJC
We know that is exactly what will happen: #Putin leaves Ukraine, sanctions lifted, Rex sends in Exxon, #puppet and @GOP get paid
Then #fight! Stop playing politics and fight for what's right!
and reverses the order that goes against the criminalization of domestic abuse within the family.
Oh, he's shaking the table! Could republicans actually be growing a spine & gaining courage?
I predict Senator that YOU will be the to stand up to Trump! Thank you!
calm down there Marco. Trump wasn't defending http://Putin.You  RINOS always jump to conclusions and screw things up.
Il faut sanctionner les USA qui ont provoqué cette massacre et ne pas la Russie.Porochenko massacre des civiles.
You claim U know history then read what Ukrainians did 2 Poles in 1943 Castro in Cuba is saint when U after that likes Ukraine
correct if wrong but how many years has current government of Ukraine controlled Crimea? Russia first annexed in 1700s
@artemis1954 And what are you actually going TO DO about it? Vote for Trump nominees? Support his EOs? Just blah, blah, blah?
So why the vote for another Putin's puppet (Tillerson)?
President Trump chewed you up and down. You have such low energy and such big weird ears.Retire.Go golf with JEB!
@carmen42 Yes yea. You are just like the rest....spineless
just looking for publicity, pretends to object to just approve at the end...
you ain't got the guts to back it up Little Marco!
if only we would have had a chance to vote against a pro-Putin SOS.... #littlemarco #nospine #trumpspuppet
@SenRubioPress you confirmed Tillerson, will remember on 2018 & 2020
That is why Trump call u little Marco because u have little memory.
I'ma dem, but I championed your tuff stance on Tillerson, but you voted for him. Spineless, just like Ryan. Party before country
And stops killing people!
then do. something. anything.
I'm a Florida resident. You and the rest of the GOP need to find your integrity and stop Trump. This is not normal.
We must provide global historical TRUTH in education. Support our kids by voting NO on #DeVos! - FL Mom
now Mr. Rubio grow a pair and stand up for your constituents. We need healthcare and we don't need cuts to Social Security.
You seem to have both a moral compass & a brain. Please oppose Betsy DeVos! Our children will be damaged via ineptitude.
So you say now. When the time comes for actual action, you'll fall in line w/ what DT wants like a good little boy. #nointegrity
Well said! Hope the Republican administration gets your message. #Putin must be held accountable and end violations.
now your posturing for a spot on the I told you so team?
You voted for #tillerson - so far you are WEAK on Russia - STAND UP TO TRUMP
Thank you, Senator. I voted for Reagan, but left the GOP after a drift of principles. U contonue 2 give me hope. Stay strong!
RIGHT! Don't be afraid to stand up to Trump and his anti-America agenda!
sanctions are essentially an act of war or precursor to war.
Great tweet! Now vote NO on Devos too! 
Little Marco get off twitter and investigate
Yeah, yeah. More lip service. You'll be the first to cave. Again.
keep trying to do the right thing, stay true
Thank you for #Putin #sanctions tweet.
thanks now please vote against DeVoes
tell it to the man
We had no problem when Muslims wanted their own state in Serbia. But God for bid the people of Crimea wanting join Russia.
The people on the Crimea Peninsula want to rejoin the Russian Federation nothing wrong with that.
Thank you for your reasoned and thoughtful stance!!
It's time to make peace with Russia. The only reason people hate on him is because he loves his country.
what violations?
mark my words little Marco, you will end up caving to the conman. No choice. A man with no principle like u, will always lie
Please don't back down like you did on Tillerson..
If you are so concerned, why did you buckle on Tillerson?  Of course you enjoyed lots of press coverage along the way.
didn't you say you'd vote for Tillerson? You're tough on Russia tho. Ok.
now stand as strong against rest of Trump's anti-American agenda. Now's your chance to show true leadership for FL constituents!
We support you on this, Senator.  No praise for, or admiration of Putin.
SO OVERTHROWN GOV of #Ukraine should have NO HELP from #Russia ? and JUST BE TRAMPLED ON BY #USA. ? EXPLAIN YOURSELF TO WORLD MR
#Obama HIMSELF SAYS TO MEDIA THAT U.S. PUSHED OUT DEMOCRATICALLY ELECTED GOV of Russian Speaking #Ukraine TO PROVOKE PUTIN ? WHY
Maybe you should stop taking money from @georgesoros before you can talk about the way the country gets run.
Thank you.
.@marcorubio WHEN will you do more than TALK against him??
RUBIO ALL WHITE CUBANS IN U.S. HATE RUSSIANS !!! You are biased !!! OF COURSE !!!Why did you let OBAMA overthrow #Ukraine GOV ??
Link to source where US overthrew #Ukraine gov? The PEOPLE stood up to corrupt Putin puppet prez & he fled.
there are 2 groups in Ukraine...the one armed by US to overthrow and the one overthrown expect link + French know pb
@uncagedgypsy Tell That 2 Ur (R) Friends & Leader!
agreed.  Keep this administration in check
@realdonaldtrump has put this country in danger just so he can say I told you so. The @gop needs to stop him! He's crazy
how about u tell us about the IT comp. that was caught procuring info from Congress & is under investigation. Big story!!
yes, and that's exactly why world/US has to boycott Trump products, to break that alliance between Trump and Putin
FINALLY! You're thinking
And even then we should think about it one more time. Putin is a sociopath!
if trump lifts sanctions on Putin you know they are in working together. Before the election. It's all about money
shame ur followers don't appear to be behind this stance. Less than a 1000 retweets. WTH is wrong with them?
@Sassy__Gal Who are we to control what happens in Ukraine, little Marco?
agreed! Now about those sanctions that have been lifted already? Mind telling us what they are? Patiently waiting.
.@marcorubio I am a 1st generation UKRAINIAN AMERICAN and I THANK YOU!!!
when will the rest of the GOP stand up against this Tyrant and his cronies???
I agree!!  If Trump drops Sanctions, please impeach the bastard!
@MichaelRinker When Marco Rubio tweets something sane -
let's see if you stay strong on Putin sanctions when you're in the same room with Pres Trump,  Bannon and Tillerson.
Amen.
Perhaps its time to find out why Trump is so defensive of Putin
