So does this Oil CEO! He cares Only about buiss. In Russia, oil & money
Fl. conservatives are watching and your grandstanding is juvenile!
You are ridiculous.  Moral clarity is not grandstanding nor juvenile.  Tillerson lines his pockets with Russian oil $
Marcos line of inquiry was better suited to current secretary, Obama, and members of congress.  Dont forget obama/gadaffi
No we sent spies Back to Putin but thousands r still here.Putin invated afree country and he Needs More Info?
we did bupkis.  OBAMA passed the leadership torch to Putin in Syria.  Trump & Rex have to now deal with it

#littlemarco now u,mccain,graham kasich can giggle together tonite..rino rat fink!!!
Trump should be able to deal with GOP questions. His apologist need to grow up.
I applaud Tillerson's insistence on looking at evidence before opining on serious charges against sovereigns.
@lovedbydennis @SenRubioPress @YouTube Me too. Rubio, McCain and Graham are too eager for war with Russia.
Sure, everybody that asks questions is obviously a war monger. Calm down.
Thank you so much Senator for representing your values versus just representing the run of the mill politics as usual.
Well I take back what I previously said... you sold out... what a disgrace!
I backed Rubio for Pres. but am very disappointed in his grilling of Tillerson.
Thank you for asking hard questions. Tillerson is not right for this position. I'm calling on you to oppose Tillerson
I OnlyReelected u2Support #PEOTUS .realDonaldTrump #RexTillerson myOnlyConcernWas BigOilPipelinesDrilling Qualified APassDoIt
Support #RexTillerson a #WellQualifiedMan #SOS if not I will make it my mission2undermine u@EveryTurn you've beenLackingInFl
Well, guess that was just posturing for nothing, huh?  Ashamed I believed Rubio would actually have a spine this time.
Moral clarity:  Should a serial killer go unpunished because he/she donated once to the local animal shelter?
Tillerson would be a great Secretary of State, and U should support him.  We are fortunate to have a man of his Calibre.
After supporting you for years , I lost all respect for you after your badgering of the nominee for Secretary of State.
Hold firm to your beliefs.  These pro-Russia guys are troubling.  He'll make tons of $ if Russian sanctions are lifted
#countrybeforeparty Be careful who you Putin as Sec of State! Bravo Rubio! Stand strong!
little Marco, Rex T is not going to put titles on anyone until he gets his on intel..U think he doesn't  want human rights?
senator do what you know is right. No rex
Block Tillerson
You need to confirm
Rex T will do a great job. I've watched n fond your comments non-educated n childish
..Irish Parliam. call Obama also an war crim.   https://youtu.be/-Xf_OFMBeWc 
Yet you will find some poor excuse to still capitulate & vote in support of Tillerson just like u did w/ Trump. Sad!
Mr @SenRubioPress I request your support of Mr. Tillerson for SOS.
Well said.It is the moral clarity that we need.  Keep pushimng for our great country.
Prayers for you.
You Want Moral Clarity Little Marco? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDH9NQmpnSg … Watch
how can Rubio possibly expect Tillerson to commit to Rubio's vision of world sanctions w/o adequate (non-hearsay) evidence
@sharondigi @YouTube Woo hoo! Go Rubio! That was awesome! Follow your gut! Human rights! Great job!!!! Now PLEASE a NO!!!
#Amoeba
This was NOT your proud moment even though you think it was.  It was a pompous, shameful lecture..and you were wrong.
Senator Rubio - I supported u 4 President.  I would expect u 2 support President Trump & his immensely qualified pick 4 Secretary of State.
@realdonaldtrump Rubio is as he always is, Irrelevant. Watch Stephen Cohen on the Fog Of War! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahd6zDZtOUg …
NO, your tone was condescending showing no respect. Learn from those who have more experience. We chose Trump
I'm not a Republican or Floridian, but want to THANK YOU for your Tillerson hearing fight for moral clarity!
that's pretty funny Mario/moral clarity=oxymoron
I am not republican, I am an American.  Please don't let Russia win.  Thanks
Even tho he did not name Putin a war criminal Tillerson did  show strong moral clarity about our American values. Vote 4 him!
-So disappointed to see you harassing SEC of State candidate to make statement "Putin War Criminal" bad idea for USA
You call that harassment? Babies.
You're right. He could've screamed "Racist", "Homophobe" & "xenophobe" like a liberal, gotten kudos
foolish words on ur part
ur behavior totally unacceptable
AGREED! Came across as self serving & unnecessary. #RexTillerson is a gentleman & scholar. Did not deserve that.
 your leadership on the SecState confirmations! Stand up for what is right. We can't rubber stamp Rex Tillerson. #cajones
I hope you vote against Rex Tillerson, because Rex Tillerson is clearly not qualified to be Secretary of State.
.@realDonaldTrump  needs to let now illegal Cubans be deported. No Tillerson, no Cubans. Old policy needed to be changed now!
Say No to this boneless Yes Maget.He cares Only about Oil=Money Not Us.We need someone with less inrests & experience .No No
Exxon paid Cuba millions to guard his wells inAfrica
This was to the Castro http://brothers.Vote  No Money is his Priority!
Dont vote for this ballless yes man.If he cant say Putin broke laws by invading a http://Demc.country.Money  is his Priority.
Thank you for continuing to question Tillerson. We support your efforts to question his moral clarity, which we doubt exists.
@marcorubio  your questions 2 Rex were spectacular pls know we are counting on U 2 make the right decision.#RexTillerson
plz vote YES. He can do this.
I voted & supported you now i wish I could take those votes back! Your conduct with Tillerson was disgusting!#soreloser
Thank you Senator Rubio for putting American security above partisan politics! You are inspiring!
hood job, I just wish you were as skeptical about Jeff Sessions. He got three good strikes and should be out.
*good*
Please do what's right. Please don't let your party bully you into giving Tillerson a thumbs up.
Castro had my Dad Murdered! But Sen. Rubio, pls. give Mr. Tillerson chance. Do Not Begrudge PE @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
When my Dad was Murdered, Pres. Reagan, who loved my dad, penned a letter to my Family. 
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity

please don't stop Rex for Sec of St. I'll be forced to not vote for you again. He doesn't need this job. Doing for right Rene
Thanks for the questions you put to R Tillerson. Please vote against his appointment
Schumer's lapdog, Liddle Marco voted to confirm John Kerry for SOS. Like the good Dem he is, he won't commit to Tillerson.
Don't know why you should think a Secretary of State who works at diplomacy should suddenly become judge & jury. Not his job.
Please do the right thing and vote against #RexTillerson We don't want a government run oil company.
If you support Israel you will vote yes for Tillerson and Sessions.
remember, traitor carter page knew about tillerson as sec of state before it was announced.
Marco wake up! Vote for Tillison.
you are the only one looking out for human rights!  Thank you & pls vote against Tillerso
Thank you for addressing this important issue re: SoS. Now let's address the lack of morality in repealing the ACA...
that is why I as a Democrat voted for you. I may not always agree w/you but know you do right by your constituents
America doesn't need the oil and gas industry to lead our State Dept! He has not shown moral clarity
thank you for standing up to this horrendous nomination of #RexTillerson he MUST NOT be #secretaryofstate keep fighting!
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/20/us-airstrike-allegedly-kills-56-civilians-in-northern-syria …
#ObamaWarCrimes #RubioIsObamaWhore #Aleppo #Syria
I am not Republican but I think we should have more Spanish people in the governmen !
I implore you to stand your ground against Rex Tillerson.  I will do everything in my power to vote you out. 33903 voter
Thank you for standing up to Tiillerson. Please block his nomination.
#StopTillerson
You need to do your job that you were elected for. You need to chose country over party.
please be a national hero and stand up to vote against Tillerson.
Will always support Marco!  Brilliant man!
So very proud (once again) of my Senator.  Thank you Sen. Rubio.
Thank you for standing up for what's right. Who knows how many more civilians will be killed if Tillerson & Trump are a team.
.@SenRubioPress The words 'moral clarity' and Senator Rubio do not belong Are you Grahams or McCain pet boy, or stlll with Jeb
Putin gave election to Trump so he and Tillerson would remove oil sanctions and Exxon could drill.
....Marco,...dont give in to Tillerson....do whats right.
we are counting on your vote against Russia's puppet TILLERSON..DO the RIGHT THING! Our country is in DANGEROUS TINY HANDS!
u seduced by pride&evil
thank you for pressing Tillerson on his relationship with Putin yesterday! @marcorubio
I am very proud to be Russian ! Я очень горд быть Русским
Please vote no on Tillerson. Protect America from Tillerson/Exxon-Trump-Putin. He lied and he's dangerous. We need u
lets make  sure all conservatives never forget Marco's grandstanding #marcoisnoteamplayer #marconeverforprez
grow up using revenge is ridiculous and can the sec of state really call the head of Russia a war criminal & be effective
Demanding answers? You have "sore loser" written all over your face! What were you trying to prove? #LittleMarco
Rubio is his own man, surely Trump can deal with it.
its not about Trump!
You have lost my vote in future Sen Rubio. You appeared like a pouting petty child. Rex' answers were thoughtful and wise.
I appreciate that you stand up for your beliefs despite peer pressure from your party
Great job standing up for America and not the Party! Keep up the good fight. Vote NO to bad choices for America!
Listen to the people who voted you into office again (and donated)! Do your job! YES on #RexTillerson
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/20/us-airstrike-allegedly-kills-56-civilians-in-northern-syria …
#ObamaWarCrimes #RubioIsObamaWhore #Aleppo #Syria
please vote with your consciuous, if Tillerson cannot call Putin, Dverte, Assad war criminals that is a huge concern. #Scary
stay strong. Protecting human rights is the most important thing.  Look at your children- others deserve the same
good job yesterday!  We need to protect human rights! What else is more important? $$ or life?  No to Tillerson.
Transparency and clarity on conflicts of interest are enemies of corruption.  Thank you S. Rubio for doing right
moral clarity , starts at home support our President Elect, we voted for him  He won in FLORIDA 
What a shame if the Tillerson nomination fails because you opposed it. He has the experience and diplomacy we need.
- Mr. Rubio, you still don't get it. Your establishment dependency and bios is evident. Hispanics lost with you.
u sucked Bama's dick 8yrs, never worried about America now u want 2 act like u have a set! Looser prick!
yes democrats love it. Your supporters not so much
No deplorable will ever vote for you as president!
Just vote for the guy and stop causing trouble . So sick of you Republicans that do not listen to the people.
ExxonMobil is sending all IT operations jobs to India. Please ask #RickTillerson how he will help @realdonaldtrump stop it.
will u ask #RexTillerson about #ReligiousFreedom and priorities for #DRL #Humanrights office
1/ We have reached a crossroads in our democracy, and a time when truth is masked by those with power. #TheResistance #AmericaFirst
2/ Your desire to get at the truth today with Tillerson was admirable, and I was shocked at how much you exposed him.
3/ When Tillerson said he had not spoken w/ DJT about Russia, either he was lying, or neither of them are taking the job seriously.
4/ Tillerson not only refused to acknowledge Putin as a war criminal, he was purposely non-committal about the sanctions. Hmmm…
5/ If you block his confirmation, you may gain an enemy or two, but you’ll have done the one thing that can help our country heal right now.
6/ We need proof from our leaders that regardless of our quarrels, our sovereignty as a country means something, and will be defended.
7/ We are not now, nor have we ever been, an oil state. There are two paths in front of you, and the path to corruption should be evident
8/ If you do not oppose Tillerson because of GOP threats, it’ll be that much worse. B/c of your probing, none of you can plead ignorance now
you're a disappointment to your constituents, many of which voted for you! Either shape up or expect loss of votes!
Republican-led Senate ps investigate this serious breach of US Intel:What if it had been real info?
@realDonaldTrump's 1st choice of @MittRomney was right&best 1.Trump's weakness was listening 2 bitter Repubs!Reappt Romney!
5/ BTW: U were a yapping Chihuahua next to a pedigree St Bernard in that interrogation. Go suck more CNN conspiracy "intel":
4/in age of REAL open source. Even Sen Black, US Vets, US Peace corp to Syria can educate USavage disgusting WAR CRIMINALS
3/ Get an intern to do some REALITY checking on Aleppo LIBERATION from USavages proxy terrorists. No excuse for ignorance in>
2/ Orwellean-Goebbellean Whores parroting MI6-al CIAda 1 man SOHR & hired W.Helmet "humanitarian" terrorist propagandists >
1/"Moral Clarity" from USavage WAR CRIMINAL regime quoting "open source" as "intel"?! Is your 'intel' al CIAda-Kirby-WaPo-CNN
Although Tilerson may consider Putin a war criminal he can't very well say so on live tv and then expect to serve as a diplomatic sec
.. You're committing Political suicide ... Good luck on the Hill because you are swimming with sharks ..
Your questioning today is appreciated by patriots and respectful public supporters.  Thank you for your dynamic questions in this hearing.
The last couple minutes are excellent. A succinct summary of what a good Sec of State is and why Tillerson isn't acceptable
Thank you for stepping up & showing integrity in a party that has sunk to new lows. Loved what you did today. 
what is he going to protect our insurance without it we die
Who's paying you? Soros

Ben Cardin out w/ statement on Tillerson, says he's "troubled" by his remarks on Exxon & US sanctions, refusal to accept Russian war crimes. 
Please do not confirm this man! He is all self-interest!
Tillerson can't recognize human rights violations w/ moral clarity hence not qualified for #SecretaryOfState #TheMessyTruth
@way to go Rubio. Stand for what you believe.
He was dodging, refusing to answer questions on Russia. He wouldn't call Putin a war criminal. Don't trust him, somethings up
Tillerson should not be confirmed.  His links with Exxon and his views on climate and Russia are not acceptable.
Senator Rubio, thank you for asking the right questions. Now give us the right answer, NO on Tillerson.
Trump and Putin is a direct threat to our domestic and national security...Here are the deep ties...@Khanoisseur... PLEASE
you were a beast!  You made me proud.  The country before the party.
@marcorubio please dont cower...you must stop Tillerson. He doesn't have our interests at heart. He only cares about the deal with Putin.
Thanks for your hard hitting questions and opposition to Rex Tillerson in today's hearing. #heroSen
Thank you so much for sticking up for all american interests in your questioning Tillerson. He shouldn't be SOS #putusafirst
I hope you vote no to confirm him.
Next time, get on your knees and beg the real players to call your bogeymen names. #BecauseAleppo
Sir,as you prepare to do what's right, please remember you voted to confirm John Kerry as US Secretary of State.
I hope you will oppose him. We can't have this. Thanks for putting yourself out there and putting country first.
Don't Be Bullied - Keep The Russians Outta Govt!!! VOTE NO ON TILLERSON, he's going to make he, himself and Putin rich.
Please vote no on Tillerson.
TO YOU RUBIO CHEERS !   I'm a demo but you were great today
what will @marcorubio do about @RexTillersonHQ...? swallow is moral pride and roll over like he's done all his life...#coward
Dear Sen Rubio, I implore you to vote against Rex Tillerson.  His conflicts of interest r not conducive to his appointment.
I also want to commend you for standing up for our country. I’m proud of you. Thanks.
Tillerson - only good thing that comes out of this election.  He's strong, intelligent, loyal to this country, diplomatic.
gained a ton of respect for you today. Nice to see politicians standing country over party! Thank you!
Marco looked like an idiot today.
Exxon can't drill the 62 million acres they have in Russia until the sanctions are lifted.  See the picture????
Well done Senator Rubio. You have a pure heart and really care about people.
PURE HEART lmao @SenRubioPress
#RexTillerson Sen Rubio your approach to interrogate RT was way overboard and unnecessarily antagonistic.  Disappointed in U
Good job on tough questions. Ppl deserve to have nominees vetted. Too close to Putin, oil rights... Lobbied against sanctions
Awesome assessment on moral clarity. #RexTillerson also doesn't see value of auto sanctions against hacks as a deterrent.
#RexTillerson only sees sanctions as a negotiating tool that can be used selectively, but blindsided on use as a deterrent.
@MbghikerPam Sen Rubio, thank u 4 ur commitment I was proud & encouraged by ur drive to ensure u accomplish ur goal today.
The question is simple:Can you, will you save America?The answer is easy,yes,a resounding Yes! I can and I will.The CommonMan
You did not look strong during Rex's hearing. You looked like a sore loser. You had so much promise, what happened?
Maybe you and @SenLinseyGraham could run together in 2020. You might get to 2%!
Thank you for your testimony and questions today.  I think Tillerson will do whatever Trump tells him to do.  Vote NO!!!
as a democrat I say well done today sir. thank you.
Senator Rubio, Please do the right thing, reject Tillerson. Your the Man. Thank you, The Common Man
I don't want to like you but dammit you sort of grew on me during the Tillerson hearing. Don't puss out now
I have concerns with the Exxon Russia drilling agreements and how this may influence decisions re: our foreign policy.
Please vote no on Tillerson. This is not the right man for Secretary of State. Do the right thing. Orlando FL
awesome speech and an incredible job all day today 
Thank you and please continue doing the right thing at this dark time!!
thank you Senator- we need people to stand up and question some very concerning issues re- appts and not just fall in line
we need someone to unify the nation in congress. Thank you for putting human rights on the front line
im a Florida (D)didnt vote for u.But u made me proud today.Thx 4 keeping Trump n his cronies honest & standing up for America
Only time we should publicly label foreign entity is when we are at war, as we are with ISIS. Confirmation is public.
Please Sen Rubio don't let Tillerson & Russia take over our government. We are counting on you!!
Great job questioning Tillerson! Stay the course & Vote NO- Counting on you to counter the pressure.
I Wasnt able to get through calling to tell you I have reservations how Tillerson answered questions & I feel he failed test
I agree.
You know in your gut that Tillerson is not good for us.  He will look out for His Billion $ deal, not us
WantsWW3 6 million Deaths In Other Nations Since WW2 Due To U.S Interventions https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_involvement_in_regime_change … http://www.notbeinggoverned.com/deaths-nations-since-ww-ii-due-us-interventions …
Thank you for standing up for what's right today!
Sen. Rubio:If you decide not to support a fine man like RT for SoS, my family (#21) will never support you again.
but my family will Rubio so no loss respect for raising concerns on RT and not just falling in line
mine too
@ReaganBattalion Good job, Marco. Do what is best for our country.
keep doing what is right. Educated voters on both sides will recognize your efforts. Please continue to surprise us.
he almost worked a tear up today when he talked about Russia.  WATCH OUT MARCO, THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING
Rubio is a grand stander.. Florida can do better.  Way better
