Senate Dems, let's be very clear: You will filibuster & block this SC nom or we will find a true progressive and primary u in next election.
no. you and your hypocrite colleagues won't stand up for the constitution, so you've left the people no choice but do it for you
give an example of the democrats destroying your precious constitution because it's currently the republicans that's doing it
such as trying to abolish roe v wade, and voting rights act by Gerrymandering.
it does. republicans also do voter Id to suppress turnout amongst black Americans who lean democratic.
-who the crap do these people think they are?
.@marcorubio Don't ever forget that UR party brought us to this. UR refusal 2 compromise and only obstruct @BarackObama will be your undoing
lol for real. Are they forgetting they didn't let him do his job to nominate a Supreme Court judge?
obama was on way out so no supreme judge till next leader
He had plenty of time to appoint a new judge, nearly a year actually, but republicans blocked him the whole way.
your party is being run by conspiracy theorists right now.
literally your playbook.
Wow. So, when others are standing firmly against incompetence they are "radical left wing extremists"?
Out of curiosity, what was it when Republicans were doing it for 8 years?
I guess that makes you a really radical right wing extremist for 6 yrs of obstruction??
after all, only an extremist could manage to not roll over at every trump command
I think you're confusing the extremists i.e., #StopPresidentBannon.
@oreillyfactor If all the "paid professional" protesters had been hired "above" the table, our employment figures would improve!
Soros gets away without having to pay payroll tax and insurance.  The protestors are being ripped off
right wing extremists are also in control of your party. Or have U forgot Trump beat out more main stream Republican candidates?
Sounds like Mitch McConnell - you know your boss!
call us the new tea party
@JACM0313 Right wing extremists did the same thing during the Obama years, so get over it!
I'm not extremist, but Dems need to block to check Trump since you and your party won't sir.  I even supported you at one point.
I'm so extreme I'm a father of 3 kids w/ bills, mortgage AND I pay my taxes every year!
Pretty sure Trumpty-Dumpty thinks paying your taxes = communism (and thus, so does Little Marco too now)
sweet.  Can they stop taking it from my income then?
@nettles_18 Thanks to good old Harry Reid, the filibuster is meaningless and the Dems have no power. LOL
go ahead Rubio, defend and support the supreme court nominee who supports fascism while lambasting Castro. So congruent.
Don't worry Dem. You are in disarray, nobody will vote for you in 2018 anyway!!!
The further u go to the left, the worse it will be for u to be elected!
these left wing nut jobs are making me lose my sh*t!! Even crazier than the alt right trump apologists!
who is the little boy in that picture?
get on your knees and eat my cheese!
but who is the child in the picture?
what picture
this little boy who seems to have lost his mommy.
that's a grown @$$ man you better show some respect for your daddy
buddy, that's a child.
Or else what? Oh, we'll vote them out in 2018, that's what. It's kinda what constituents were taught to do in civics class.
Imitation is the highest form of flattery.
How could you approve devos?
just like you did...
By "extremists" you mean pissed off constituents. @BetsyDeVos can't give you money now. @GOP should be shaking in their boots.
Btw I think you have Dems mistaken for @SenateMajLdr.  Block or else is out of his playbook. #karmasabitch
.@marcorubio many ordinary citizens feel similar. YOU HELD THE SEAT HOSTAGE.
use your brain. you know that's not true. Why don't you grow up and Stop Betsy Devos' nomination? She's unfit for Education Dept
Moore is a disgrace to America as is most of these sore losers who continue to erode what is left of the Democratic party.
Also, in some political circles, those "radicals" are a/k/a VOTERS belonging to a constituency seeking representation.
the Biden rule you hypocrites
sorry, I agree with many of these blocks.   Get Bannon out of the white house.  He's infusing it with idiots.
@MMFlint Isn't this what the GOP did for 8yrs against Obama!
wait, wasn't this the GOP way of life for the last 8 years?
@MMFlint So Dem Senators think Michael Moore represents the masses? yeah.
The unhinged, fringe, liberal left is in control of the DEMS.  Perfect.  They will lose even more seats in 2018.
@MMFlint No.  You are part of a FASCIST Regime.  Honor America by voting against Fascist & unqualified nominees #NotMeinTrumpf
didn't you guys do this through 8 years of Obama
VOTE NO TO DEVOS. I'm from Miami and I Insist you stand up for our Children!!!!!!!!
Be quiet. Florida does not agree with you.
Senator, I just read your remarks on civility in the Senate yet I come here & see this language. Isn't this part of the problem?
We're not "radical LW extremists"!We want the LAW followed& thorough investigations of ALL nominees. COMPETENCY is important!
do you see the people in the streets we are in the majority
Just like you have spent the last eight years doing Micro Rubio
You've adopted your puppet master's strategy of deflection? Hypocrite. Sellout. Follow the "pathological liar." #NoAltRightUSA
and how is this different from the tea party?
because Howard, these people have become domestic terrorists.
I don't think you know what terrorist means.  Are you afraid?
you bet I am. Inciting do whatever it takes  has erased sane boundaries. It's out if control..
We are not extremists. We are Americans. We believe in collaborative governance, & government for the people, by the people.
anything that isn't exactly what repubs want is now extremist, apparently. 
don't forget that elected officials work for we the people. These Senators are not in our control. They are doing their jobs.
Open eyes. wake up. then u see GOP is controlled by TRUMP and his enablers. so its clear GOP has become radical and BLIND.
U talk much about on supporting ukraine. but then on go support trump that is so radical on destroying old order of allies.
What about Radical Right Wing? Oh right, they are appointed to Sec positions. Good to know the Government gives in to corruption
Sad part - I voted for you this time. Lesson learned. Go against corruption. #We'reScrewed
how do you explain supporting Betsy DeVos?
.....why do you worry about this..? Take the 98k betsy Devoss  paid you and take a nice vacation.
Money and white nationalism is in control of Senate Republicans like you...how much did you take from Devos? #owned
good. You should fight the racist republicans who are turning their backs on immigrants and women
hmmmmm I wonder where they got that idea from?
Wow, wonder where they learned that tactic?
wow that doesn't sound anything like what you republicans did under obama !!
He's mad that they MIGHT start learning to #ObstructLikeARepublican now
Democrats haven't done shit other than be spineless fuckwads since the 70s tbh.
Find a creative short name for them. We need to brand or name  for far left or progressives  FLOPS!
Oh. You think “Little Marco” who lost to a childish name caller will win by being a childish name caller?
Yes
Sadly, with republicans, that’s true. The Age Of Infantile has begun.
Not for nothing, but it's your own fault. You should not have blocked the SCOTUS pick. 10 months w/o a justice, come on!
Dems blocked Republican Supreme Court picks during  even longer periods. FLOPS (far left or progressives) history.
Doesn't make it right.
So why do FLOPS continue to use it as an issue.
Offer the centrist democrats safe harbor across the aisle
You are pathetic. That's what you guys have been doing non-stop the past 8 years
LITTLE MARCO HAD TO VOTE FOR BETSY DEVOS HE TOOK  $ 98,300 FROM HER.
sounds like your man @MitchMcConell. Kentucky's biggest disgrace of all time.
U r delusional and not worth the air u breathe.
and what have you been paid to do?
Kinda like what Mitch McConnell and ALL the Republicans did to President Obama for 8 YEARS!?  Karma!
you too have blocked @POTUS cabinet picks. So I am not sure who's side your on. I know America made the right choice!
Marco, stop with the Fake News nonsense and vote to block the uniquely unqualified DeVos for Education Secretary.
This moderate is asking you to support the Freedom of Religion Bill. You caved on confirmations; stand for the Constitution now.
a literal white supremacist is now in control of the entire executive branch. Seems like a bigger problem.
A half black and half white racist just left the office of president.
have you ever considered changing your avatar to a default egg. It suits you
But, it fits!
the jerk store called, they're all out of you
beating off in your mom's basement are you right now
"in control of"? or, rather, backing them as they're finally developing a backbone. Ur lies only strengthen our opposition
I am so fired up - he can kiss 2020 goodbye
The radical is your POTUS Sir. Own him and all he is, or do something about him.
what on earth would you know about standing up for your principles?
I wish you would vote no To DeVos.Toomey is going to let us down because she donated money to Toomey.  You and McCain are braver
wasn't this the GOP agenda?block Obama and make him a 1 term president? Y'all met in 1/09 just to plan ur obstruction strategy
Fine! Split the left votes further and get another GOP seat.
hopefully the people will get wise and block them in the next election.
Betsey DeVos sure got good value from her $7800 donation to you. Bought & sold.
much like sen republicans to former president. I will say the same thing work together and figure it out!
And what about the  alt right extremists currently running the White House ? @marcorubio @MMFlint
do you have a backbone??
maybe you should be more concerned about protecting the EPA and the Everglades that provides so many of your const. w/ water...
@MMFlint Yep! I'm one of them. YOU ARE spineless! @realDonaldTrump was right when he called you Little Marco
yeeeAAAAAAAY!! We need a counter t how the GOP has hijacked democracy in the country I love. FIGHT BACK. RESIST.
You're sounding a bit paranoid.
Why haven't you or 20 of your fellow Repub Senators disclosed $$ you got from the DeVos family? You got $98,000. Crook traitor
@MMFlint Hmmmm... sounds like the antithesis of #democracy --Socialism - where your vote doesn't matter.
what happened to being the voice for ALL of your constituents. I'm an attorney in FL that's deeply concern. What are you doing?
Listen to your constituents.
Radical right wing extremists are now in control of many Senate Republicans. They have been ordered to pass everything or else.
There is this thing called the Hein & it lets us knock some sense into these corporate Democrats. We're trying it on Repubs too.
We're coming for them, for you and you GOP buddies. #HitEmWithTheHein!
are you implying that Trump is a moderate or conventional POTUS? You sounded different on the campaign trail this summer...
anybody still listen to Michael ?
or else Triumph of the Will?
Girl Scout leader, mom to Natl Merit teen, good salary & ins, love to crochet. I just care & can't stand Bannon or Putin. You?
And your president @realDonaldTrump is under Putin's control. Wake up already and fight for your country.
So you were controlled by radical extremists when you were blocking. To use your pres's word: Sad!
I am not a radical/ extremist. I love the USA and  respect ALL human lives and the balance of power in our gov. WAKE UP.
both parties are beholden to extremists moderates are sick of it. Be different stand for truth and America!
You really rolled over for Big Daddy in a hurry, didn't you?  You should be ashamed to show your face in the Senate.
Mr Rubio, you are such a disappointment.  Stand up man, you have nothing to lose.  Vote against tyranny (aka Mr Trump)
How sad. You had a chance to be a leader. To stand up to this. But you caved. History will not be kind to you.
Hey Marco,"we will vote U out if we don't like your performance"is the BASIS OF AMERICAN DEMOCRACY. YOU're not in control. Deal.
cry me a river Little Marco
Nor is it radical/left wing/extreme to want a Sec of Ed who knows the ADA exists and the need for special education.
But are you now OK, with the lift of Russia sanctions??.
Where is your outrage??
Sounds like the way you ended up in the Senate. #Karma
What about Russia?
Marco, remember progressives were responsible for the failure of Prohibition, they lack political common sense
"Radical?"  If wanting to preserve our freedoms and not get blown up by enemy foreign countries is radical. Count me in!!
yes Senator and we are damn proud of it! As your constituent I have watched YOUR party do the same. Stop whining!
you say "Radical left wing extremists" the same way you say "Radical Islamic Terrorism".  Are you getting the FEMA camps ready?
@MMFlint the left is deleterious , "aahhhhh, we lost"
don't pretend like the same thing didn't happen with your party and the tea party
Or they will be replaced by Repulicans. That's another way it might go.
@CoCo_Bean_85 ha ha..they are doomed! They are gonna get voted out either way! Lol!!
please don't name call anyone now, we Americans need to be united.  That's what trump did 2 u and was unfair. Pls consider.
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos!!!
as it should be. Exactly what Republicans did to Obama. Garland got no vote for 11 months. Mitch McC ordered the same blocking
Says the moral fraud who supports a Secretary of State who doesn't believe war criminals are war criminals. Enjoy hell, Senator.
moderates want leader and help stopping a lunatic the untapped power is in the middle! #StopPresidentBannon
@SenRubioPress BTW, congrats on getting more out of DeVos family than anyone else in the Senate. Running for President pays!
... And you've done what for the last 8yrs??
And you are kowtowing to a ultra right wing xenophobe, President Bannon and his sock puppet Trump! Your spineless!
So when GOP wouldn't hold a hearing for Garland, shirking COTUS responsibility, it was "radical right wing" in control?
With all due respect..you suck. Little hands beat you so fast!
.@marcorubio  You are part of a party that radical right wing extremists are in control of. Just remember, your party started this.
& who was in control of yr vote 4 Tillerson after u had shown the world how inappropriate he is for the role? For shame, Senator
Since you abandonned your spine & brain in a dark alley, someone has to do the right thing.
@OLPL Nadie dijo que esto seria fácil @realDonaldTrump
I am a mom, love to embroider. Not radical. Love our CONSTITUTION. Stop this madness.
You literally accepted money from the devos family and are going to vote for her appointment. You don't have the high ground here. Or ever.
#Garland
.@marcorubio That's funny coming from a party that takes money from billionaires and ignores its constituents. #paytoplaydevos
where have you been the last 8 years? talk about hypocrisy
@MMFlint more like sensible progressives..the radicals are in the WH.  IMPEACH BANNON!
really, after the last eight years of your absolute rejection of everything Obana did, you spout this crap?
@MMFlint  Just like the right wing extremists did with President Obama.
Sounds like the Repubs in 2009.
if you all had at least considered Obama's SCOTUS pick the Democrats would have been reasonable. I'm ashamed we re-elected you.
so do you also consider @MitchMcConell a radical since he publicly declared he would block Obama on everything?
Marco, get with the program...I'm sure you're not that stupid! Trump is extreme!
You're a liar and a coward, Rubio. You have *never* maintained faith with a promise you made: all empty.
.@marcorubio It's not extreme to expect Ed Secretary to have at least SOME experience w/education administration. You are fearmonger.
except McConnell said this 
2016 Sen. McConnell: There will not be hearings or votes. 

2017 Sen. McConnell: Treat our nominees the same as Obama's 
dont mask your inability to stand up to Tillerson by posting this crap.
You Republicans blocked everything President Obama tried to do.  Turnabout is only fair.
Ya. The bastards. Acting so ... republican!
and Trump has you by the balls.
you mad that you have to show up to work now. stronzo.
Hey Cuban boy, you aren't Indigenous. Go back to Spain. You aren't tied to this place by blood.
he's a traitor and a fool. You picked the wrong side.
so was it the radical right that blocked Obama?  You are duch hypocrites.
just like republicans did with obama's submission? Poetic justice really. Petty behaviour breeds petty behaviour.
an billionaire/millionaire republicans are in charge of the Republican Party and now government. Sorry poor people
You're a dingus.
...@marcorubio flaps in the wind & goes where the wind takes him, like a piece of toilet paper on a windy day. #p2
have you lost your mind? Your constituents are watching - you are going down and out so hard!
I'm not a radical left extremist but a moderate & like many other moderates protesting & calling. 
A Sleeping Giant has Awoken!
actually the presidency has been taken over by bannon and fascists. Get bannon out
but now you are working for one. DO YOUR JOB. FIX THIS.
you know you'll lose the next election right. Florida is going your trump kiss ass out. You should start being a man now
you could have been the rising republican star, but instead you chose to be a spineless coward lining behind this clown
Wow. From the UK here, so not massively familiar with dem/ reps. But you guys are acting disgracefully. #totalitarianism
@MMFlint Damn straight! Welcome to payback for the tea party idiocy. #Karma
