You might want to mention this to our complainer and chief!
Maybe you and your GOP cronies should stop enabling the racist in chief.
Many Americans received a Death Sentence the night Trump was "elected."
Sad.
As Human Rights Champion, will you investigate?
You mean like our people in Bengazi
Sort of. In $11 Million taxpayer-funded investigation & 11-hour solo testimony, Clinton was proved innocent.
Trump's victims deserve justice
Never proven innocent. Just never charged. She left our ambassador die in Benghazi and made up a story about video. How low.
So you didn't watch even 1 min of her 11-hour testimony is what you're saying? 
Trump has nothing to fear if he's innocent. Investigate!
I did watch her testimony. Especially  What Difference Does It Make.
So you "remember" the part where Clinton lied under oath about the video & the nice Republican men just let her go?
Didn't happen, Dude.
Committed Perjury 5 times and Comey let her go
GOD Bless Yu Marco #1
Tell 'em to stop being mean to Trump or they might get nothing.
#IfYourQuietYourComplicit
Why has it taken so long for the US to step up and help The people of Puerto Rico
Incompetence and corruption thy name is Trump. 
When are Republicans going to take a trip to the Oval Office and demand he resign?
Keep trying 
trump’s tweets this morning only being one question to mind - this is our goddamned President???
But @realDonaldTrump thinks they are a bunch of RAPISTS just like the Mexicans! @WhiteHouse @GOP
make no mistake @marcorubio @SenRubioPress @realDonaldTrump sees cubans same as PRs-Miami would be treated the same if island after storm.
US in 1948-49 was able to aid Berlin cut off by Soviet blockade- 9 tons supplies/day but we can't help our own citizens because: "Big Ocean"
AND USVI
Maybe it's time for another passive aggressive bible verse tweet to Trump? Do something. Take a stand. Prove us all wrong.
Cholera outbreaks in the United States and @POTUS is golfing and attacking citizens for being lazy.  NO WATER POWER OR FOOD! PR needs help
Still glad you support Trump, Marco?
Stop criticizing.  You're always so angry.  Looks like the supplies are in PR.  You get them moving.
Don't stop there! Speak out against the bigotry of the WH and the stereotypes leaned on this am
Yes and that military aid and assist from military should have been ordered by President on Day One. Late decision has worsened this crisis
Well Marco, stand up and do something to help PR!
Tell this to your Dear Leader. We are with you on this, but the Prez wants to make it about him. You and the @GOP need to stand up to him!
Puerto Ricans must step up and start delivering the supplies sitting at port for days. Where is the responsibility of the residents?
So why is President Trump slamming the mayor of San Juan for her people not doing anything if they need military help?
gee what can you do, marco? tell trump you won't vote for his tax cuts unless he gets off his ass? you have leverage. or are you too weak?
Agreed! Totally. Does our President know? Does he care? Can you see NOW Senator who and what 45 is????
As always, Rubio is full of CRAP. The GOV'T of PR has been impacted just like everything & everyone else.  What's wrong here is your pal dt.
Lead, Rubio. Lead!
the freaking gov HAS helicopters they can send over there to air lift supplies-I MEAN COME ON PEOPLE-GET YOUR HEADS OUT OF YOUR ASSES.GEES!
Either bust out the 25th amendment for dangerous incompetence or shut up and continue to be the lap dog that you are
Our President has been too busy throwing a Twitter tantrum about the anthem and golfing to do his damn job!
Hey, what a great idea!
It's only been 9 days so WTF, why not?

People are dying b/c of your fu*king idiodic party leader
You ALL own this
You are headlining CNN? Hope UR owner doesn't find out or public shaming will fill him with glee.
I thought Republicans called CNN fake news
The Commander-in-chief could make that happen easily. But he'd rather let some more Hispanics die first, that's all.
not a new Idea. That's what Obama did in 2013 in the Philippines. Much better response I might add.  @realDonaldTrump Admin is incompetent.
How long does it take for republicans to respond to disasters? Where is the president? Will you ever act on the roor cause?
Call your BFF trump if you can get him off the golf course. They need help-9 days and counting!
FlexFlatHomes made in USA. Prefab. On/off grid. Affordable, move in ready#bringhope#createjobs
Try golfing this weekend and see if you can get the President’s attention...
In total agreement with this assessment
U  need to get the muscle of the entire Senate and Congress on this ASAP!  And Trump. @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
Rubio's right on this.  Need a General to say "unpack those GD shipping containers now, we'll sort out the bills of lading later!"
trump has a reason for his lack of help to PR & being trump, it is most likely a petty act of vengeance or has to do w/financial corruption.
He's to busy golfing in New Jersey
Call the guy who keeps saying they are doing a tremendous job..not sure it's tremendous, could be amazing?
Trump isn't interested in that one Senator, because it might actually help the situation.
@realDonaldTrump can't we use private jets to bring people from #PuertoRico or use military/commercial ships to house people?
Puerto Rico has 10,000 in their National Guard.Have they been called to duty?If so, where are they?@cnn
Besides that TRUMP has named a 3-star general to take over relief efforts so it's safe to say that the military is on its way.
BTW when is the next time I can vote for anything Trump puts in front of me.
If only someone would order the military! Who's the CIC? Trump must be furious at that person! Incompetent and making trump look bad!
Won't the free market solve their problems?
Impeach Trump while you're at it
not the military's fault! I'm looking at the guy with small hands
I need a Bible passage to understand you.
are you planning a second visit to ensure they are getting all the support they can?
Get a backbone, get yr Republican partners to grow some then demand YOUR  President take action!
@realDonaldTrump is golfing while Americans suffer & die 
@SenRubioPress put this President in the job thus Your complicit to this crisis
Too bad we don't have a group of people whose job is to represent the best interests of Americans and get things done on our behalf.
@JaneMarieGardn1 Who is in charge of aid to Puerto Rico?
But your best buddy, @realdonaldtrump is going to fix it all! Only he can do it, right? He alone can fix it all! SO MUCH FOR YOUR MORALITY!
Have a good nap? Nearly 2 frigging weeks and now cholera...great job
Can you go on Fox News and say this?
We've been hearing our military needs to step in for days.  What the hell????

Never been a fan of Rubio's politics, but he's certainly been on it here.
Does @realDonaldTrump lnow they are US citizens?
TFW Marquito is the "adult in room..."
It's sad that @marcorubio doesn't seem to care about people in the US Virgin Islands
While they're at it, can the military also step in and apply order to the WH, congress?
Help Us Help #Utuado #PuertoRico 

https://www.gofundme.com/2369dp-puerto-rico-disaster-relief-fund … 

#ReliefEfforts #HelpPuertoRico #Friday
Ups! FedEx! FFS people who know logistics!
Shit send the damn Cajun Navy - they seem to know how to get stuff done.  Why hasn't military been sent already?!
They have.
I agree with this.  FEMA can work if infrastructure is up, otherwise you need military since they have everything necessary.
You must force POTUS to use his CIC authority. Why has military not taken action? Military needs orders...that's how the system works.
A. Day late and a dollar short !
It would seem our military is stepping in to control a lot of things. You know, the guy that's suppose to be in charge is incompetent.
If they can't handle a hurricane how will they be able to handle logistics in a real war?
Did you honestly expect any sort of competence from that scumbag you helped elect?
Uhhhh Dotus held things up for 10 days.
how about you Republicans also knock off the "Lets give tax cuts to the rich and big corporations" and instead use the money to rebuild?
Clinton would have had it there the next day!!!
Senador Dios lo bendiga tan bueno
Where's Gen. Honoré?
I didn't know this, but apparently he just landed in San Juan!
Although Gen Honore' (my hero) is retired, they should reactivate him.
Maybe try not yelling at the aid. It's inanimate.
Please senator. We need u to pick up the slack. Our president doesn't seem to care at all.
Trump has been too busy with his NFL twitter fight & golfing to make decisions on PR. People are dying while you sort thru endless red tape!
Good idea! Too bad Trump is golfing this weekend. Oh well, MAGA, amiright? So great.
How you like your buddy trump now?
And The President (cough) of The United States is on his way to his private Golf Club. Disgusting.
I didn't think this POS POTUS and minions could sink any lower, but once again smacked in the face of utter inhumanity
Yes! How can do many be without water?
. Hey rubio, POTUS has ALREADY sent thousands of military personnel to Puerto Rico & more coming,are You physically there now working. 
They are there.An ISLAND we cannot drive in resources. Go there. 
Rather than critique
Donate, HELP.
http://unidosporpuertorico.com/en/ 
Marco, what does the "M" in FEMA stand for? This isn't rocket science
Yes Sir!
Helicopters!  Imagine what one Chinook could do!
2018: 1M PRs living in FL will flip it and get rid of you for failing the US.
Remember in November!!!
TRUMP IS FULL OF SHIT. HE DOES NOT GIVE A FLYING F ABOUT PEOPLE! Katrina! Let a general somewhere do it! No TRUMP PROPERTY THERE! FUC IT!
AIRLIFT TO REMOTE AREAS!! U.S HAS THE CHOPPERS AND PLANES!
Talk to @realDonaldTrump, Lil' Marco, who says everything is PEACHY and he is doing a bitchin' job.  Always, all about him and always lies.
Retired Lt. Gen. Honore (Katrina): 50,000 troops are neede in Puerto Rico!
Bland statement from a "Latino" who supported Trump.

cc: @LULAC @HispanicCaucus @MarcAnthony @JohnLeguizamo @votolatino @PRBANY
YA We Know...Tell Him!!!
Oh?  But Trump says everything is going so well.  I don't understand?  I'm sure Trump would NEVER exaggerate about something this important.
"Little Marco"-man has been playing games. Tell him That Puerto Rico is an American territory.
Maybe you should pick up the phone and call your buddy Donald?

He is flying to his golf course on our dime, for another vacation weekend.
$200,00 every time he goes
shame FAKE PRESIDENT & AMERICAN INO @realdonaldtrump can't get his shit together, too busy fighting NFL, watching cable news & golfing!
Your President- what goes around comes around!
What's taken so long?
They are already doing that. This is worst logistic nightmare of all time. Nobodys holding back.
Please help save the people of Puerto Rico, Senator.
Got it, Little Marco!  Prez of ALL USA; & Military r on it!  TEXAS & FLORIDA still trying 2 recover 2!
Trump doesn't care what Little Rubio thinks.
Worst than Katrina...

Cases of cholera now being reported in Puerto Rico.

I cant believe this is America. We're too incompetent or uncaring to get them water?
Things would move faster if the infrastructure had been stronger. All power lines above ground??? This will take more time.
