$enator ,not when you lack morals and ethics. The Repub. $enators and YOU are ruled by greed and power. Never upholding the Constitution now
Rubio is most moral and ethical senator in the Senate. Your comment w/o basis.
He's a wannabe senator. He's missed most voting
Doesn't seem like it. Especially where you work. Thank you for all you do Senator Rubio!
What was the last major bi-partisan comprise legislation?
Ask your Democratic senator. But he has no answer for anything. Believe me I know, I'm from Illinois too.
I agree - not Dem or GOP - both are part of this mess -- I mean heck look at the mess in Springfield since you are in IL too.no state budget
Are the Rs capable of operating w/o corruption @senmarcorubio ? #OperationPothole #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
 You've accused the wrong party of corruption!!
IDK your party refused to meet with dems, blocked an unprecedented amount of judges including SCOTUS. You partisan hack
If you stop encouraging hyper partisanship and using nasty rhetoric to win an election. Win on ideas or don't win at all.
He has 6 yrs in senate. Don't really think he's worried about re election now.
Talking about the party in general. Not Rubio. Rubio was my choice for president. I am also a moderate republican.
Senator...it is essential. Far Right  vs Far Left is going to end in a disaster. This great country needs compromise and clear thinking.
Excactly
Unfortunately the Dem's BASE says no. With the unprecedented amount of obstruction during Obama's Presidency and Merrick Garland, no. 1/
Dems no longer want to "take the high road" or "work with" Republicans. Dems want OUR Reps to work in that same "Gray" area that 2/
We need othee 8 year on reconstruction, Mr, Rubio
Did you ask this very same question for 8 years when President @BarackObama was in office and your @GOP refused to work with @TheDemocrats?
Estoy de acuerdo con usted :)  We love you, @marcorubio  :)
Rubio apparently goes off world for weeks at a time. Nothing else can explain his delusions. "Who burned this?" You did. "IMPOSSIBLE!" Uh,no
That's up to you man. Can you do your job or not? Prove it. Be the first to do it.
NO!!!
Left and right are OK,and they can and should discuss and work together .Leftist fascism and rightist fascism,they are a nuisance
It is interesting that this is coming from you...
I don't believe you are Senator
not with your lack of understanding of how things work.  I read yr comment about how we scared Assad with our big bombs.  You should quit.
Sorry but I believe not. W/ #corporateownedmedia they make money money putting us in #Blue or #Red
I so agree with this! I have a few friends who can still do this
@ReaganBattalion Two words Senator: "Nuclear Option". Apparently not.
So, left and right:OK.The problem is,where is the left.?Too many have become extremists.Perhaps Obama's greatest''victory''
Please resign.... you are not worthy
Una sabias palabras de nuestros senador ! Los invito a seguir @marcorubio sabio hombre q lucha por una mejor mundo !
You can say that again!
Well, I can tell from the comments we've got a long way to go!
But I believe the majority of the people are open to it
No, we cannot while @realDonaldTrump is President.
Like the Civil War?
Sure. But you actually have to show up to work to talk to other people.
Hypocrisy and wrong people in power. Vengeance to distroy Obama legacy. Lastly, people in Washington have no ethics.  Especially McConnell
**pretty sure RUBIO could care less!
Lead the way then, Senator....
Let's try at a town hall. Where have you scheduled them this week?
The rest of us are. Are you? Because as far as I can tell, it's been a long time since you've been any less partisan than the rest.
Not when you guys lie to us everyday, sorry aint feeling it.
Not if you think to "make things better" requires federal laws giving more power to 600 D.C. elites and millions of their bureaucrats.
#littlemarco who helped steal #MerrickGarland seat, ignores collusion & supports a lying racist sexist clown. #gop=corrupt
No. Republicans are much too invested in cheating.
This was a Great talk on the floor by Mr. Rubio!!
I really don't know ! To much hate and racism and differences between rich and poor!
No, as long as @marcorubio and the rest of the @gop act without ethics, principle. Self interest has trumped all.
Says the guy who just voted for the nuclear option.  Ummmmmm what?
Oh you mean when the Democrats rolled over and went along with anything you guys say? Yeah the whole Neil thing pretty much made it partisan
@ReaganBattalion assuming that was ever the case and not nostalgia...
No,sir,I fear we are not.I repeatedly tried during GOP primary.Insult aftr vulgar insult aftr disgraceful behavior condoned by GOP killed it
Not with the current batch of @TheDemocrats
Agreed, but Senator, refusing to even discuss Obama's SCOTUS nom created a lot of bad blood. You must understand this, surely.
Yes, if it's all folks on the Right, or a close proximity. There's no working with the putrid Lefties however. The bridge was blown up.
Thx to Obama our country is so divided-the left so venomous, having to go nuclear to get #Gorsuch confirmed signifies nary a statesman left
gerrymandering + money in politics = no representation and separation.
Amen brother!!  Set an example for the rest of your constituents
only can are political parties come together is only with Marco Rubio has our president
Why not try it at a town hall meeting with your constituents we want to know too
Looking forward to the town hall, where we can discuss this and other issues! 
We can "come together" if it doesn't mean what it has in the last decades: Conservatives BENDING OVER for the Left.and the RINOs.
Lead by example...meet with constituents to discuss different ideas instead of calling us paid protesters.
Most Republicans have said no to this idea already
I surely hope we are.
@marcorubio @Indivisible_TPA @IndivisibleMIA @IndivisibleTeam still waiting for U to stand up to tyranny of 45 like promised.
Probably not as long as you take money to sell our data, cut our healthcare and remove public school funding.
You can't! Why should anyone listen to your advice?
Darn well better be
To answer your question, read the comments both sides post. If cooperation is what you want, urge all members of Congress to lead by example
@Unite2020 no!
Nope, not any more. People are too intolerant of those with opposing views, only want same think. Democracy in  dead, enemy wins
Nah. We'll just change the rules so we don't have to.
That would be a nice change, wouldn't it? Hope all are listening
Is that why u single handedly destroyed ACA risk corridors lowering Health Care choices 4 Americans. U have a lot of growing up Lil Marco.
REALLY! U & the Rep's changed the terms of confirmation 4 Gorsuch. Should have thought abt that B4! The Rep's won't B the majority 4ever!
dad
Not when GOP spends 8 yrs now refusing to work across aisle by changing reqd vote count in refusal to just pick a different candidate.
no we can't, the Republicans have showing that you either get it their way or they change the rules.
Be consistent with one thing...   which you are not!
Not if u continue voting only with your party even when it goes against American interests. Seriously, who runs your Twitter? Such a joke.
Marco is an excellent senator who has great integrity.
I would ask in return, are elected officials capable of stating their positions honestly and showing consistency of principle over time?
Did you really ask that after voting to change the rules of the Senate to push through the Supreme Court nominee?!
I pray it does
me too. 
I don't think so... not with current leadership.
Apparently not.
@sumarie711 Says the senator who blocked Obama from doing the SAME thing Trump just did.  Stop lying Little Marco.
@sumarie711 Why not return to the days when we open our generous doors to suffering refugees?
This may be true if YOU were leading the party instead of making excuses for the orange clown.
not so long as you remain in office
These comments demonstrate that we as citizens can't share disagreements civilly. How do we expect Senators to? We could show them how.....
that's what Dems have BEEN wondering for a while now. Ask your party and get back to us.
Will you lead in this way?  Be the answer.
not as long as you and the entire Ryan gang are there
Is this a joke? You literally just employed nuclear option.
If you believe in that, then reach out across the aisle and make it happen.  There is honor in being "The First"!
Difficult to 'come to the table' when told to sit down and shut up...remembering those words spoken in Congress ..
The American people work together everyday, despite our ideological differences. If politicians weren't owned, you could too.
Capable, yes. First step is not voting partisan line. A close second is meeting yr constituents in small gatherings. It's about trust. 33304
There are problems in the WH causing discord/outrage due 2 scandalous actions/associations by POTUS. Wasteful spending /dangerous defunding.
I trust you can do that, someday!
Can you say "Fix Obamacare" instead of being hell-bent on repeal and replace?
@marcorubio I pray that we are! Thank you for your leadership in working towards that goal! Yours is the voice of reason we desperately need
Now that Rs have completed heist of O's scotus seat you want Dems to calm down & work together? I prefer following R playbook tl obstruction
Congress has not listened equitably to Americans. Many Americans feel their voice on issues not honestly considered. Turmoil in WH divisive.
as your constituents we don't know as you refuse to meet with us. And allow your PR to slander the people who try. 2022 bye.
Big? MARCO SIR are we ready will it fly?
If #termlimits were in place yes .. but as long as you are more concerned with being reelected then no !
Sounds like a damn good plan. Sam 2
Not as long as you are in office.
