Amen Senator. I agree with a comment you made a few days ago that you wouldn't vote for Rep version of Obamacare.

Please!! How about amend and improve?  We (America) are counting on you all.
Thank you. We do need to continue working on repealing and replacing Obamacare because it is failing Americans.
Agreed! ACA needs to be fixed. Wish egos and party could be left out of the equation maybe then the people would win.
You don't need replace to repeal now! You continue to screw the 95% for 5% of the population?  That's not America!   Get rid of it!
really? I think improving would ALLWAYS be better and easier, we'll replace you senator, just wait....
#Republicans! Focus&Finish this! Repeal&Replace #Obamacare! America is Waiting! @GOPrepublicans
SABOTEUR, where it needs repair, repair! It's the ACA not Obama (Black Man) Care! Stigmas don't always work.
shame on you for not putting your constituents first!!#TermLimits
My husband and I are better off since Obamacare. Thanks #Obama
.@SenRubioPress If you'd only meet with your constituents, you'd learn that we want #Obamacare repaired, not repealed, and not replaced.
it will only get worse thanks 2 your efforts 2 kill the aca risk-corridor program, little marco. you're a bs artist for sure.
This is wrong. You can work to keep the ACA strong and improve it. Stop the LIES.  Stop attacking health care. Work for the people #keepACA

Rubio and Ryan going down, thank you.
@MarciaCM1 Repeal completely! Wake up! Govt can't manage healthcare! VA, Medicare, Medicaid, Obamacare are all failures!
THANKYU Marco love,and prayers
how much time do u possibly need? Seven years not enough?
did he? I didn't realize he took a position. Thought he was hiding.
Improve, Improve, Improve. The ACA needs improvement not to be repealed. Stop wasting our time and yours. Get busy. Improve!
@marcorubio has hidden for months. Now he makes a statement.  He's pathetic. Let's vote him out. We need actual leaders.
you had 7 years to get this right. It will take bipartisan to fix ACA! Just Fix IT!
You say the ACA will get worse..it will if the GOP continues to sabotage it at every turn. Start working for all of Florida!
What will U do to stop Trump admin from sabotaging ACA? Millions of UR constituents depend on it! Fix it , don't destroy it!!
And aren't you the one behind gutting risk corridors causing ins co's to leave
you will not win this argument. You couldn't get it done. Work with the DEMS and fix it.
Let's imagine you have a house that needs repairs. Do you fix the problems? or do you bulldoze the place? Repair the ACA. Lead the way.
is this the new line you guys are pushing? Stick to what you do best #yanking each other’s chains. #buffoon
aww, little Marco. #sad
We are better off fixing than starting from scratch.
fix what is wrong. Repeal and replace is not a very smart mantra.
You take the lead big man... I'd love to see your head spin... you'd be gulping down water and pissing in your pants in no time... ALL TALK!
Rick Scott refused to expand medicare. Why? Cause he is a republican....partisan BS. Start working for all citizens....
You're absolutely right. Thank you Senator.
Senator Why don't you work to make the ACA better. Everyone needs to be insured, otherwise the ERs get used wrong. Wake up!
but haven't you had some time to get this done? Like 7 years?? WTF? Do it or go home.
how did that work out for you? #loser.
It  is time to sit down with the Democrats and work out a solution to healthcare. Put all  American people first
@marcorubio And you're chiefly responsible refusing to fund ACA risk corridors. Shame on you.
You can fix it.   Don't replace just to have to fix the replacement and look bad. Work with dems, fix this now and look good.
@pessell_anna Allow it to get worse. Voters will pressure democrats to fix it.
LOL Little Marco please stop tap dancing for the tangerine tyrant now. You r an embarrassment to Floridians!
Yes!!!
with what?  The health care you offered would bankrupt most people.
got to disagree. Some of us only have insurance because of ObamaCare. The Republican version was a mess only helped the rich.
agreed but don't take away the good parts.
repeal and replace will not work.
oh today ur talking about what's on Americans minds not visiting with someone from Zimbabwe. #hypocrite
TY @marcorubio
Repeal/Replace/Modify/Fix
7 yr history 2 work
w/proving what
works/doesn't 4 ALL PPL
@SenRubioPress
#ObamaCare will only get worse, which is why we must take the time to get repeal and replace done right. http://bit.ly/2n2Ndgs  
Single payer would mean crossing the all- powerful lobbies. They have too much power in the purse. But we still have the vote
Capitalism is not a form of governing, it is an economic system. How rich do people need to be anyway? At what cost to us?
So that's why we need single payer. Eliminate the insurance gouging, the doctor refusals. The profit motive is out of hand
Hard right is not the way of this country. Improve the ACA and stop calling it Obamacare.  Put a leash on the ins. co's.
Maybe if you quit calling it Obamacare and used the correct name..the Affordable Care Act, it would be more acceptable to you
No
Only because you and GOP are trying to destroy it! But it will destroy you first! #VoteHimOut #trumprussia #GOPTreason
Big talker! Improving the ACA is the way to go. Get after the insurance companies to provide affordable plans.
You couldn't be more wrong about the ACA. THIS Floridian wants to keep it. Only idiots & the GOP want to #PayMoreForLess.
you are so lost. Get back to Florida and LISTEN to your people.
it's broken because you broke it and if Republicans can't work to fix you will be out of work
Stop sabotaging the ACA and work with Dems to improve it! We don't want it repealed!
why not work in a bipartisan way to fix it?
You had 7 years.  Then you roll out a pile of steaming dung and expect Americans to accept it. 7 years.  Not 64 days. 7 years
really you just got punched in the nose by your constituents calling non stop and you want another go round #whatsyourplan
Medicaid expansion is needed in our state..take care of your constituents instead of your donors.
no it won't..do you miss your tax cut?..shame on you ...people could have died
@SherredEllen   We can't give up on REPEAL and REPLACE
what?..do you know you were losing too..unless your rich?...you rich Huh?
Why nothing was done to stop the massacre of the Obamacare by the one who are increasing the premiums.
Hypocrisy has no limit, why you didn't introduce a bill to stop increase in the premiums. but you worry about Israel. resign.
Thank you! I'm a loyal FLA voter.  Thank you, Senator. Please pitch in and get it done right. You can do it!
You sabatoged Obamacare when u gutted risk corriders.  U wanted Obama to fail more than u wanted ur constituents to win!
I want you to stop trash-talking the ACA and start improving on it. Start studying the efficiency of the Medicare system.
If Republicans couldn't find a consensus on a replacement plan for the past 7 years then when will it happen?
don't think we won't remember ALL of your actions in 5 years time You can trust and believe we will as you're begging 4 votes
@AlexConant The fake news CBO says O-care is viable. What does Rubio know that the wonks don't? Why doesn't he share?
nothing g
@AlexConant Why would we EVER trust that would happen again? I'm sorry, I'm done voting
try sitting with Dems and FIX IT. Or go with Medicare for all and fix it so it works for all clinicians and people.
yes Medicare for all!
You are a ninny. If you can't make health insurance better for real people -- leave it the hell alone.
I live in Florida & my families premiums went up $700 per month. Please figure it out. We pay too much already
yeah with 60 votes
Get off your high horse little Marco. There is no need to still suck up to your leader
Senator, you are right but it infuriates me that you've been largely silent until just this second. I regret my vote for you.
Let me clarify. Right about improving the ACA. Fix what's wrong & leave the rest alone.
you guys had years to plan
Now is your chance to save your Soul. Stand with President Trump. Do you want to go down with the ship. Time to grow a Pear!
a pear?..
, What you want to be president and fix it? You don't even show to work & take tax payers money.
how about you just do IMPROVE instead of wasting everyone's time and money. HELLO ACA IS POPULAR UNLIKE YOU
How about doing what is best for Floridians? Americans?Holding your party above constituents, ALL of them is the key Senator.
Agree 100%. We must get this right. We can't push anything through like Obamacare was pushed through. Let the process work.
I wouldn't call 2 years a push.. you must be rich too.
Senator, please get off the repeal/replace mindset and work with the Dems to fix the flaws in the system we already have.
Why don't you just help Democrats improve the ACA. It can be done with everyone working TOGETHER. Congress is broke.
my old boss used to say there are 3 ways to approach a job: good, cheep, fast. You can only pick 2 out of 3. He was right!
If you don't do something, you're just talking.
how about you come up with an improved version that benefits the people that really need it instead of a boon for the rich?
are you kidding all we have heard is its all #democrats & President Obama NO its #republicans we are sick of #corruptpolitics
Please stop trying to kill your constituents. Even if the billionaires that bought you will be mad, it's the right thing 2 do
Republicans in florida choose not to expand medicaid in their state and this is the result. Take care of the poor and elderly
Medicare for all.
repeal it. Then work on an improvement
no..medicare for all...no tax cut for the rich.
let the Democrats eat it it's going to explode it's on them make the Democrats come to you
How about starting with an actual repeal?
In seven years you could not get your act together, you are done. Sit down
or maybe just refine 
Maybe it is time to make ACA better for all Americans. Think you can work for all of the 1.7M ppl in Fl using ACA? Wk w/dems!
Get the F outta here @marcorubio! You don't say a word before the vote, and tweet this after...man up!
@sistertoldjah jeez Rubio, you're lack of leadership and your general squishiness is hardly even worth getting upset over.
Hey here is an idea, you need the Dems, you need to IMPROVE THE ACA not replace get a clue Marco #TheResistance
The ACA only working 4the poor on entitlements. Unless u think $285/month w/$6000 deductible b4 coverage affordable
thats what aome employers offer ya troll,
Name calling always helps.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/editorials/ct-obamacare-fail-health-care-insurance-medicine-0911-jm-20160909-story,amp.html …
Fact Republicans couldnt put a passable bill together, they need Dems, Fixing ACA better than what they have which is nothing 1
Did you support that #Trumpcare mess that just failed or do you believe we should actually take ACA and fix it? Why REPEAL?
