BREAKING: US Amb. to UN Haley: "I must condemn the aggressive actions of Russia" in eastern Ukraine. 
Nikki Haley was a good SC governor. She exudes class. Marco, you disappoint.
she supported Rubio. great senator
what makes him great? I see him having been horrifically bullied by T and caving, caving on his stands, compromising beliefs
you seem scared
I just had much higher expectations and he's failed to deliver.
hello? Nothing to say? Thought not. ;-)
blah blah blah
xoxo
I doubt it. Damon would have publicly disowned Rubio for the latter's support of Trump
Rubio's ground game in Florida helped Trump win the state. All Conservatives united to #MAGA
Trump won. He kept his promise to support Trump, and held a key Senate seat for him
Let's just agree to disagree. And agree to focus on fighting the left :)
She is so forceful that this will cause Trump to...once again defend putin and russia on the same day on national TV
Great! How about you do your part to stand up against Putin? Oh, I forgot you don't have a spine.
great senator
AND NOT A GREAT DAY WHEN YOUR POTUS PRAISED PUTINA MURDERER 
#impeachTrumpnow 
#marcorubio 2020
#RESISTANCE
if you believe this than how can Tillerson be Secretary?  Be with the people
ahhhh lol Marco, who we fooling?
@NBCNightlyNews @GOP and president Bannon compares US as equally corrupt as Russia and crickets from @GOP leaders.
vote no for DeVoss even though you were the biggest profiteer.
Заткни своё голодомордое $бало, лживое чмо!
@nikkihaley Вот уж не ожидал, брехливая SSука, что Трамп тебя назначит…
#Bastards
like how you did & then voted in his buddy Tillerson? You're pathetic.
Exactly! Uses TV time to show off facts yet votes #partyovercountry and #constituents #shameonyou #spineless
Hmm, good for her. She DOES have a brain afterall! Thought for sure she'd just be trump's puppet! But, it's early...
Last Week Trump was praising Russian Aggression.
you spelled Ukraine wrong, but I still have to give you credit for not backing Trump's dangerous support of Putin.
Are you ever going to say many of our Middle East allies are thugs & killers? Are you selective about human rights?
While our president is slamming America and sucking up to Putin. When is enough, enough? Stop him.
another weak day for you who voted for Tillerson 
Thank G-d  she doesn't say her condemnation while simultaneously accusing her homeland of the same crimes.
I bet little Marco has never even been to Ukraine to see the swastika waving Nazis in Kiev. I have, Ukraine is not our friend.
no, this was bad thing. @nikkihaley is supposed 2 b independent thinker not follow samantha's script
@NBCNightlyNews too bad the president doesn't really agree with her.
@NBCNightlyNews How about calling for your President to also strongly condemn?
sad to see all UN ambs r like dolly twins, just repeat same prerecorded text
Oh please. She asked him, as nicely as she possibly could, if he would please stop being a big meanie
@NBCNightlyNews and your #PresidentBannon compares US govt to Russian govt and not a word from @GOP leaders. #awful
@NBCNightlyNews Why don't U condemn the actions of Russians & look into election & influence on US politics.
yes Senator then vote accordingly! Why say you know yet vote for #alternativefacts ?
I wish you were also brave! Stand against DeVos, Sessions and keep Bannon out of our Security Council!!! Show up!
Yes! #doyourjob
If you could be fired u might since DJT loves him.
Le invito a leer: El semejante verde http://garlakat.blogspot.com/2015/01/el-semejante-verde.html?spref=tw … #Venezuela no olvida.
Too bad the U.S. President is solidly in the tank for whatever Putin has in mind.
@NBCNightlyNews such an expert in this but vote so opposite of conscience and truth. Stop #partyovercountry #shame
- make your votes reflect what you say - vote NO in Sessions -
Exactly stop talking and show some guts and conscience. Act on behalf of constituents and country #spineless
Lip service
About time you grow a pair and think about the country not the party. Say no to Trump.
PERHAPS IT WAS A STRONG DAY FOR THE AMBASSADOR-TAKE A LESSON FROM A WOMAN WITH BACKBONE-U VOTED W/GOP 2 CONFIRM
. Wow, that will put you on the Bannon/Trump hate list.
stop Trump. Vote against Sessions or be denied a consequential investigation into Russian hacking-you will be next
yes, but your president admires Putin. Give me a break
@NBCNightlyNews how does Trump feel about this?  Better get him on board
Awesome comment Marco! @nikkihaley
What happened to your backbone to protect America. You're just caving in to King Trump!! "Little Marco" don't you remember?
While @marcorubio still votes for #Putin's butboy Rex to lead #DOS. And people say the left is spineless
Haley was useless as a Governor and will be worse at the UN, stop the BS lil' marco and go do your job.
So why is senate ethics committee stalling on russia investigations??
why hasn't our president done that yet?
wow,  he must be scared to death, while hacking your Walmart account
Talk is talk. The legislative branch must stand up to DJT & his desire 2 dismantle r constitution. Voters r watching
Why is it that the Republican Women are the ones showing a backbone?  Please Marco stand up-vote against DeVos.
Yet you voted to confirm Tillerson, one of Putin's closest friends as Sec of State.  Spineless Marco's at it again!
At least she has balls. You, little Marco, on the other hand are a boot licker! #Resist #MAGA
Funny how immediately after speaking to Trump, Putin started shelling the Ukraine.
Unfortunately this means nothing. We have a president that isn't going to be tough on Russia's illegal annexation @nikkihaley
she is going to get fired how she dare to criticize Tfrump owner Putin
now make sure the President gets the message and Tillerson delivers same
why are we not hearing our president condemn or denounce? Why isn't #GOP publicly asking him to denounce?
yet you have voted all djt Russia leaning cronies into the cabinet?
you mean Ukraine, right senator?
@Billbrowder reveals Putin's #Kleptocratic plans for Ukraine #UkraineCrisis
@Billbrowder reveals Putins #Kleptocratic plans for Ukraine #UkrianeCrisis 
Amen
@414Parker @nikkihaley but your PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump  can't or won't do the same!
your president is going to allow the men in white robes to do what they want I'm scared for my life
.@marcorubio @nikkihaley it's about freaking time! Please don't keep alienating our true allies.
Good for her & good for you. Convince Putin's buddy Trump. Why can't he see that Russia is using his complacency?
That's Ukraine.
she's useless and everyone knows it
and it would be an even better day if you were POTUS.
Hey Rubio...try being a Republican and praise our president once in a while. Get over the small hands comment...
you love wars like your thug friend John Frog Face McCain. .
crooked thieving no-count grifters the whole lot of you
Do you realize the president you love so much is a puppet for Putin? Russia got him elected and now he's in their pocket.
Good for u, Sen R. Glad ur not turning blind eye 2Russia/Putin. Vote NO on Sessions 4a fair investigation of hacking
Give back the $98,300 you took from DeVos and do the right thing for a change.
thanks Capt obvious, how about DEVOS,grow a pair Marco!
Rubio is WEAK and wont/can't stand up to anyone, especially anyone from the trump admin. All talk no action. WEAK
Neither will anyone in congress. Our government is corporate back so there's very little congress
Bomb in stuffed toy, made by other friends of Rubio and Haley, to kill Syrian children https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/827547201081602048 …
Just be sure you support our President!
sanctions for Iran for testing a middle. Sanctions eased for Russia as they resum Ukraine fighting. #russianasset
but yet restrictions are being eased. Yeah makes sense smh
will the president do the same?
Those who support Kiev junta, it's like if they were supporting Hitler's Germany https://twitter.com/RussiaConnects/status/827511644431536129 …
so, why were the sanctions softened?
its Ukraine. But I am still rooting for you.  You should've been Pres. Please vote against DeVos
Can you remind me again what day we mourn the Bowling Green Massacre? It's around the time of #SandyHook, right? SHAMEFUL
Seriously? Why don't U stand up to Trump & lead us all back to sanity, away from the Putin-Republican Puppet gov't.
@NBCNightlyNews Someone in the Republican party need to show and tell they're "strong" on Putin regime's crimes
I hope ur not working 4 Soros sure would b a shame if u r watch this
Now do your job and vote against the very unqualified Betsy Devos
Too bad you don't care as much about the education of our children....VOTE NO ON DEVOS,  even though she contributed to you!
the country is Ukraine, senator.
Thanks to McCain, Halley, Rubio but also Keiser Angela, many Childs cry in Ukraine today
"Фея, ты сука! Карета в тыкву, кучер в крысу ― ещё ничего…
Но Айфон-6 в Нокию? Это уже перебор!"© 
Because their parents and grandparents, brothers and sisters died, often before their eyes
Why amaze many people hate Washington ? while is involved in massacres of civilians so far
John McCain urges President Trump to escalate conflict in Ukraine, by sending lethal… http://www.therussophile.org/john-mccain-urges-president-trump-to-escalate-conflict-in-ukraine-by-sending-lethal-weapons-to-neo-nazi-forces.html/ … 
Good girl.
@NBCNightlyNews how about Yemengahzi botched military action by Heil Trump . Stick to keeping Florida clean
Now if you could just get your "boss" to agree
@SenRubioPress @nikkihaley condemn current admin aggression against American people,
but yet you voted for Tillerson.
Niki when Trump calls U & tells U to back off his BFF Putin U WILL. Stop the dog &pony show. No 1 takes U seriously
You both are hypocrites & TRAITORS to  You both werewhen Putin interfered in our ejection/democracy.
Where was your voice when you found out they interfered in our election? You were bc you are party before country.
why don't you grow a backbone Marco and fully denounce Trump. Backbone… Get it?
Any word about Vladimir Kara-Murza? He's been poisoned again for dissent. Tic-toc to get him to US hospital (again).
UKRAINE IS A COUNTRY OF CORRUPT MAFIA WAR LORDS
PUTIN CLEARED MAFIA PEST FROM RUSSIA
LET USA CLEAR MAFIA IN UKRAINE
How about condemning Putin aggression against the US in the form of stealing our election!?
that would indicate that Marco Rubio cared more about his country then his fleeting political power.
yes comrade. At least one republican is awake. And it's not you
oh really?Europeans don't need your interference all over;stop div. the world, start with your home grown problems
And Trump will fire her for messing w/ his BFF
cmon Rubio vote no on DeVos
And tomorrow, she'll be completely undermined by @realDonaldTranp
@NBCNightlyNews Ain't drinkin' that Kool-Aid Marco. Do your job & provide "checks & balances" to this administration
You're as careful with your spelling (#urkaine) as your cabinet votes. If Russia concerns you, why confirm Tillerson?
it'd be pretty cool if you held @POTUS accountable on this. Or on anything really.
Actions Speak Louder Than Words: Reinstate Sanctions on #Russia & Tell #PutinsButtBoy @realDonaldTrump to Resign!
-Okay, so @nikkihaley soldiers forth to "play tough" with Putin while you cave on Tillerson. Play tough on DeVos.
what about YOU? Did you vote for Tillerson?
as we ease sanctions? like when you cheat on ur spouse behind their back and then tell them that you hate ur lover
yeah, too bad u don't have some of her honor and courage
this is laughable at best. You all gave Russia a victory today!
@NBCNightlyNews I am proud of Nikki Haley, but still a little bitter that she left our great state of South Carolina
she's an embarrassment to the US.
When is your strong day to #resist Why do you still support the current WH? You can save America. You and other GOP senators.
I'm very disappointed with you Rubio. Very disappointed.
Putin is ur president
.@marcorubio @nikkihaley way to show Putin by lifting sanctions! That'll learn 'em! And you fools called Obama weak?!
Better be careful, you might piss off the  bff
Now we still waiting for a @realDonaldTrump tweet.
Marco Rubio learnt from Trump.he is using  twitter
and what would Trump say????
I think that nobody in the world knows Urkaine, and even Ukraine is misunderstood in the West
glad to hear your support in this. Now take action! Investigate! Hold transgressors accountable! Impeach if necessary!
Good first step.  Need to keep sanctions.  Putin has interfered in our politics and needs to be penalized for it.
@SenRubioPress @nikkihaley then you and Cornyn volunteer and lead the fight!
#MAGA #USASTRONG #USA #STRONG #USA #FIRST #USA #BIGGEST AND #POWERFUL COUNTRY -THANKS TO @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs
@NBCNightlyNews is that the position of the White House and @realDonaldTrump ?
the fuck is this shit
Never forget that Marco Rubio supports all those who kill Christians. In Ukraine, Syria and elsewhere
the Ukraine is old news Obama failed worry more about Iran's ballistic missile testing do something
Interesting that @POTUS has made no comment on this issue..
will Trump fire her for going against his buddy?
what's the use? You approved Tillerson! No condemnation matters! Putin knows he's got the U.S. In his pocket!
are you going to allow Trump to continue to bully the republicans? Please stand up #StopPresidentBannon
So can you now remind POTUS, who you support 100% that he needs to do the same?
and another weak, spineless day for you.
stop faking. You're a phony with no balls!
come on Senator let's get our country back. When the going gets tough for him he's going to start a war
VOTE NO ON DEVOS #blondepalin
@rumpfshaker @nikkihaley Enough to reinstate sanctions?
won't matter if they're blackmailing Trump. #trump
@RepublicanJj @nikkihaley #MAGA
Stop making the President an idol,he works for the people.Nikki Haley is on United States of America team.
outstanding
But why isn't our President doing that?  Also why r u so quiet about Betsy DeVos?  Say NO!
Shouldn't our President be equally outspoken against Russia and Putin???
I've heard of Ukraine, but not #Urkaine. Is that the country where Steve Urkel lives?
Yeah but what is POTUS doing in the meantime?????
Hmmmm at least she's taking a stand against Russia unlike you. #KissAss #TrumpsPuppet @Gabsterr12
Would you please quit tweeting? You are embarrassing yourself!!!
it's all smoke & mirrors - just for show. @POTUS is busy kissing Putin's ass - he's not really able to do anything.
do something about putin and his puppet, PLEASE!
ohhhh please! We know all of you! Pure Blablabla!
@VetsAgnstTrump @nikkihaley Why can't Crimeans exercise their RIGHT 2choose der own destiny,as dey did by dir VOTE2 join Russia?
@NBCNightlyNews fuck yeah Nikki! She needs to show trump was a real pair looks like.
now investigate Russia meddling with our elections, please!
Uk offensive.Never forget Kiev tried to sabotage Trump.Solid Dem links to Clinton. Millions given by Pinchuk
Standing against Putin You should try doing the same against @realDonaldTrump Sec of Ed nominee #NotoDeVos
@NBCNightlyNews #HollowWords from lil Marco. #FascistRegime Endangering Americans and the world.
Marco, when is enough, enough ... impeachment is our only hope!
wtf! Now Putin won't let Trump have his ice cream after dinner
Hahaha! Yes, let's use harsh words but then our actions are lifting sanctions. Good one, guys!
AYY LITTLE MARCO!
@NBCNightlyNews Shut up little Marco Who cares what you think. LOSER
Is Mars in habitable yet? Just planning ahead.
@NBCNightlyNews little Marco has no spine. Couldn't stand for one thing without succumbing to the bully
It's too bad that @POTUS doesn't. He's too busy worried about ratings. Why haven't u called him out like u would BO?
If you are truly against Russia, why did you vote Tillerson as SoS? Where's the Russian sanctions from Congress?
On a day that your POTUS made nice with him.
