One way to prepare is to mitigate the effects of climate change. This is the 4th "rare" storm in 12 years. Support Trump & lose the future.
Be prepared to loose the health insurance?
Blame the Democrats. That relief bill was full of pork. The Dems stacked the deck. Repubs could not go along with bankrupting the country.
I turned it off when you came on. You speak with forked tongue. You know like a snake.
Still in denial of man made climate change while the sea levels rise and Miami regularly floods at high tide? Try tuning into reality.
Have you spoke to FEMA about the natural disaster commonly known as Donald trump?
Is FEMA fully staffed now?
Thank you!
Feeling super safe with you on my side-NOT. Care to comment on #DACA??
I'm not going to let the hurricane distract me from what Trump did to the dreamers today.
Trump did nothing 2 dreamers. They've had plenty time 2  become legal. Their not kids & Obama said it was temporary when he implemented it
There's no simple path to citizenship for them because Mitch McConnell would not let bi-partisan immigration reform go forward 5 years ago.
And it's "they're" not "their."
I have a cat 5 hurricane breathing down my neck and a dog dying of cancer. You think I give a crap  about they're and their right now.
Boo hoo
When will you stop denying climate change?  Harvey,
Irma, Sandy (NY, NJ) are evidence of man-made climate change. Listen to the scientists.

@RealJamesWoods when a 65 year old man dates a 20 year old - moral lessons are not his strong suit. 
Mr. Rubio and Mr. Gottlieb, Irma will avoid FL and go straight to Alabama, Jeff Sessions in response to his "Compassion" for the DACA kids.
I'm getting pissed at bailing out you welfare states. Speaking to you Florida and Texas. 
Where's you porridge bowl? Can I have some more?
Did you speak 2 YOUR Prez about CUTS him & YOU & CONGRESS want to make 2 FEMA?
So when are you going to get rid of trumpkin ?
Oh so you love socialism now?
Just pray Little Marco, that's all Florida needs.  No federal aid needed, just prayers
Oh, it's YOUR state @MarcoRubio. Too bad you pissed off so many people who could've helped. Good luck.
What did they say? All talk – no Action! @EPAScottPruitt! Perhaps you could talk to the Red Cross
Shame on you. You have no back bone, no courage. Stand up for what is morally right. You'll get more respect maybe able 2 look in a mirror
Well reverend, I thought you cared more about praying and for Venezuela there, #Gusano. Since when do you care for the people of #Florida?
FEMA is out of $$. Will you pray for them or recite more bible verses?
Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands?
What is FEMA doing about the displaced people in Montana due to the wild fires?

Good for you Marky.
This government lies to its people.  It stands before and spreads PROPAGANDA and misinfo - It is Racist and Cruel Please #Resist with ALL
Vote hypocrite little Marco out!
Maybe you could stop the climate change denial already. That might help, unless you enjoy these annual thousand-year storms.
Hope you will all be safe. . God Bless you all
FEMA and US need revenue. Raise revenue now by pushing for repatriation of corp profits. Helps reduce deficits and grow economy.
Finally you want to speak instead of scripture.
The more dangerous looming disaster is in the White House.
Unless of course you are physically in the path of Irma.
I am ready, yet I remember FEMA 12 years ago. We got wacked good in Boca.FEMA was useless. My 88 yo mom in NJ lost house in Sandy. Got zilch
Please be safe!
Good, we will need it, just like the wall we need on the southern border.
Will u vote for T budget to slash funding for FEMA, NOAA, Coast Guard?All necessary for Florida. #DefendDACA #DefendDACA
Ty Marco,  for staying ontop of things and making sure we make preparations ahead of time for Irma
It'd probably be nice if there was someone actually in charge of FEMA, eh?  Someine qualified who new how to handle this stuff?
We like the FEMA admin.
Yes, because they are the only thing standing between us and the gates of hell right now.
Get out before you get stuck and need to be rescued. Learn from others mistakes.


Oh like that'll do it

Insane Marco; No Bottle Water Available in Jacksonville...Motels Booked up from Atlanta,Tallahassee,Pensacola ECT." " PANIC"
My niece lives in #Florida. Thank You Marco! #PrayingForFlorida
Praying 
Marco Rubio, just another spineless parasite on the a$$ of America.
I'd love to see it make landfall at either Mar a Lago or your house Little Marco.
To all climate change deniers.
CLIMATE is going to prove the point. Looking at 4 in a row. Keep denying.
Houston is lifeblood of US. Irma's name means the same as Harvey. We pissed God off royally. We deserve Irma.
Rush Limbaugh says Irma is made up by the liberal media
The he should go to PR for weekend
You better be glad Trump is working to take care of America. Your non support of our president wouldn't give you any clout to deal with.

Where is Obamacare repeal?
Don't worry lil. Marco
This means now. Not the day of the storm
Coward

Do you have a bible verse for that?
I saw heaven opened & behold, a White House, and He who sat in it is  #FakeTrues, and in altrighteousness He judges and wages war. Rev 19:11

What about Puerto Rico? No mention of that I see. Alot of Puertoricans live in Fl.

Cat 5. I think we went past the climate change tipping point. From here on, weather is no1
Too late Marco Nelson already got the cell
It would be a shame if you got swept out to sea.
Like him or not, that's disgusting.
god knows what you did
Are you going to work to protect ALL residents of Florida, or only Republicans?
