Yeah...I'm sure the people of Cuba feel really empowered by Trump taking away billions of dollars in tourist revenue & trade with the US.
It went to the regime, not the people!
The PEOPLE were making money, not just the regime.
Actuakly, no & more than 10,000 additional political arrests were made since then. Cuba's is not in any way legitimate. We can't recognize
Actually people we were allowed to do things like rent out their homes to tourists and the money stayed w them and not the govt
Only of they were part of the regime
Saying something is opinion. Proving something is fact. Support ur claims or simply don't make them
No tine for trolls...too busy being happy. Buh bye!
got it: Saudi regime good; Cuba regime bad #sentatordumdass
Saudi is ruled by a legitimately recognized king. It is a kingdom, not a regime
"legitimately recognized" how? Consent of governed? Popular elections?
It's a recognized kingdom. Kings are not elected
so your objection with Cuba is that it chooses not to call itself a kingdom. I suppose that can be quickly remedied.
Kings were literally conquerors, once upon a time.
Yes, but theirs is legitimate like it or not
Got it. No need to deal with reality as it exists. Just label something false or fake or illegitimate. No diplomacy needed. No policy needed
I'll bet if you asked the people of Cuba, they would disagree.
Trust me, every Cuban American has family there suffering. They know best. The deal Obama made only benefited the regime
Right most werent born there or have been there in decades!
It is never wrung to stand up for liberty
You still haven't answered the question of what this reversal of policy accomplishes. Basically, back to the ineffective embargo strategy.
It means we have integrity as a country. Please let it go as you say in your profile
Would you look at that...
Thanks for heads up Wow!
Way to go...go backwards and do same shit that did NOTHING for Cuban people for 60 years...but make sure you keep Trump happy Little Marco
more you attack Obama legacy greater it will b in comparison. Sold your soul to @POTUS the devil. U all good w Saudia&Russia human rights?
Saudi has a legitimate and recognized king. It is a kingdom. Putin was legitimately elected. Castro was not. Please understand def of regime
Oh what was I thinking truly makes their torture & killings acceptable! Difference:Putin buds w WH&Trump, $110billion Saudi gift. Puhleez
This discussion is regarding Cuba
Move along ..now that Rubio got his quid pro quo he can concentrate on his maybe being collateral damage in SC investigation
So Trump is saying #MakeCubaGreatAgain ? Sure, right, he's just trying to undo anything Obama did. Let's not pretend he cares about Cubans.
Trump was not my first choice but I have found that not only does he care, he has great compassion.
#Trump FAKES compassion for the cameras. All he cares about is how he looks. All that MSM noise? He was #BuddyBuddy when cameras were off.
Compassion for the women he assaults? The immigrants and Muslims he defames? The Democrats he villainizes? No, the man is a terrible human.
Agreed. Not sure what would lead you to think I support @realdonaldtrump or @SenRubioPress. They're harming the weakest in our communities.
I think you'd be happier in a socialist country
No, you don't get to discredit those who dislike Trump as being unAmerican and undemocratic. Especially not a military spouse.
Never said that. Just said, given your statement, you'd be happier in a socialist country.
Wrong. The 50+ yr failed Cuban policy imposes extreme poverty & suffering on Cubans. Your backward policy "change" prolongs their suffering.
Did you have to pledge your loyalty to trump over dinner the other night in order to push this through?
Marco always stands up for liberty. He does not compromise his integrity
Marco is a spineless fool who'd sell his mother for an easy ride. No tiene una gota de integridad.
Damn I didn't realize Marco had bots, Joy is a bot.(does not compromise his integrity) I just about gagged on that one.
You can't be serious, you're just joking? Right!!

So true when we recognize the HUGE # of Americans LOCKED UP POLITICALLY for exercising their 9thAmendmentRights re: cannabis @CBSNews @ABC https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/876171594573414402 …
The problem is that there are complete different interests + you should know that if the USA talked about peoples rights in other countries
Tremendo discurso!en Venezuela estamos esperando un milagro!contamos con su ayuda,nunca nos olvide y un millón de gracias.
People in Cuba were finally allowed to purchase private property after Obama. This puts the Cuban people back into the dark ages.
That is untrue
No fan of Castro, but our gov't has intervened in over 50 countries since WW2. Many overthrown
Who are we to judge?
Listen to @SenRubioPress @marcorubio on this morning's talk shows. It's not about judgement. It's about integrity and the Cuban people
it was always just in economic and political interest of the USA + ended since 70 years in catastrophies for these countries + their people
More than anything else, you've proven yourself to be a Trump sycophant that's blind to real harm done to foreign policy and true progess.
I would like to have an explanation as to exactly HOW this empowers the people of Cuba. It hurts trade which hurts income.
How does putting Cuban entrepreneurs: Airbnb hosts, restored taxi owners, restaurant & bar owners, musicians, etc out of business, help?
you seem to LOVE the man-baby's Cuba decision- why were you not bothered when TRUMP violated the #CubaEmbargo ??
@Betterw05759703 @SenRubioPress @Newsweek Excellent question
Great speech Senator and kudos to Pres. Trump!
Be less ignorant Georgina
You too
But if the bankers move into Cuba again, going to have same ugly control that existed before their needed revolution against callous rich.
You're clearly deluded! When will you hand over Luis posada Carilles ?
The list of these ignorant influence of the USA in other countries is damn long and the list of victims and wars even longer
You have a point. At least their country won't get screwed by US interference like Puerto Rico has been. Maybe
Thank you Marco for always standing up for liberty! God bless you!
the US is a real shithole...but they always tryin' to free somebody LOL
You're not American do you get no say. We're not exactly find of your socialist government but we don't interfere.
Very true, but stop the Cubans from going to Cuba every two years. Let them go every four if they really want to stay here. Stop the Mcaid
Why #Cuba and not N Korea, Saudi Arabia, China, Iran or any other country who suppresses it's citizen? Why Cuba ONLY country we can't go to.
Why do you lie so much?
We are so proud of you, Cuba libre 
If nothing else it proves that like the rest of the GOP your intentions are to push the US backwards instead of forward.
Oh, Little Marco, you're so sweet in your stupidity, it's hard to be mad at you
But the people of Cuba will still be
With pitchforks, amigo
Like we "empowered" the people of Saudi Arabia but not the oppresive royals, right? Such a two-faced liar Little Marco.
Why don't you fly down to Havana and tell the Cuban people in person how empowered they will be?
Your a liar Rubio
Hey, Marco, What did you promise Trump in return? #TrumpRussia
Amazing @marcorubio and @realDonaldTrump 
TY Senator for this #BetterDealForCuba ending Obamas deal with a dictator and giving Cuba back to its ppl. So proud 
So easy for you to say when your belly is full and you have money in your pocket. I'm disapointed..ur trumps puppet.
Pandering
@MiamiHerald @Univision , what @SenRubioPress didn't tell #LittleHavana is that #Trumposo wants to corner the hospitality mkt in #Cuba.
lies lies spin spin. Seriously, lyin' Marco. We are not idiots. Enacting an ideology? Working for donors? Both? Tell the truth for once.
Sure. I hope you get a share when trump builds his own casino in Havana. He tried years ago remember? No more conman?
#Spineless little Marco rides again!
@GREAT WORDS. NOW PLEASE GET THOSE REPUBLICANS WHO R NOT WITH TRUMP TO GET WITH THE PROGRAM. OR THEY'LL SOON B OUT OF A JOB! COATTAILS!
#God is smiling down on the #Cuban people. #ThankYou #AmericasSenator 
It doesn't empower them you dimwit, it impoverishes them further. All the more reason to hate the US now. But this will be reversed!
I'm sure our Cuban-American citizens would strongly disagree with you
I do believe you'd sell your soul for a vote...wait, now that I think of it 
Getting your revenge as you sit comfortably 90 miles or more away crushes the Cuban small biz owners who tried to make it in tourism. Cruel!
insanity is doing the same thing expecting diff results. 50 yrs failed embargo policy. Cubans deserve better
@marcorubio Sinvergüenza! U have no regards 4 the humanity of the cuban ppl. The ppl will benefits from lifting this useless 56+ yr embargo.
like urself that continue to lie and gain political power among the misinformed supporters. Cuban people will be hurt because of con artist
like urself, the government that has only one goal n it's not the cuban people.   Eres un Gran Come meirda!   #HijoDePuta
#RubioDangerouslyStupid
No seas idiota, @marcorubio. Qué poder ha tenido la gente en Cuba en 54 años? Castro va a seguir como un parásito, viviendo de Venezuela.

You're a cretin if you believe the Cubans believe this #cuckoosnest
If you say one more time, Trumpf asks "What R we going 2 do 2 help the Cuban ppl, & Venezuelans?" Did U say "Don't kid a kidder!" April fool
So much bull shit, but few facts. This is good for Russia. You didn't mention that.
Why not?
I don't see that. I think it will hurt Cubans.
It seems the people of #Cuba do not agree with your new policy, Sen. @marcorubio:
You better start backing our @POTUS
do your job and govern for the people of the USA, vote against TrumpCare a d his budget.
Love it if that is true. Love Cuban culture. Friendly, Hard working, family oriented & good food.
Senator Rubio has started to regain my respect which as a canidate lost it.
Bullshit. You're just sucking up to your money men.
why not the same for the Saudis? #HumanRights everywhere Dubio.
What a big lie, you have no idea what you are talking about...little Marco.
Im sure those poor people stuck in the 1950s because of sanctions feel really empowered now. #SaveCuba #VisitCuba
This does nothing for the people - short sighted stance
Amen Rubio, thank you for the kind words for our President it was greatly appreciated. 
Please mr. Senator please help the Republicans to work hard with Trump and help the Americans out here that are hurting
The U.S. shutting the door again on Cuba is good? For who? Our government does not control them. You are taking $ from their economy.
Says the guy who's never lived in Cuba and his parents never lived under Castro. What the hell do you know?

in what manner?... all my friends live in Cuba trying to survive.. how this help them....?... just to be able to explain it..
#VOTE him out #2018. Stop kissing 45's Ass. It's really not becoming of a human being #TheResistance #Resist #Truth
Why do you think there was a Castro? It was EXACTLY what DJT &Rubio did today,continue the oppression of the Cuban ppl! No economic growth
The government of Cuba will think otherwise.
Still the same basic Obama-Cuba policy with the rough edges smoothed off. You can polish a turd, but it's still a turd.
Pendejo!
You just became Little Marco again.
Sure, let's see how they feel when Russia builds her military station. How much are u getting for the deal? Refuse @GOP
Folks please get the facts! 96% of all monies go to the Cuban regime! Cubans are suffering, need to free them
Thank you Senator! U spoke wisely today. In the present climate of distrust courage is necessary 2 bring about change! Support our President
You're corrupt
#FreeCuba #StopDictatorship #CubaLibre The $ doesn't reach the people It is taken by greedy dictator We know We saw Sad Bad
How do you know? Do you live there?
I'm from Caribbean & yes I've been there many times & also Venezuela  Very blessed to be here legally in the US
Quid. Pro. Quo.
Thank you Marco #TRUTH #FeeeCuba #BetterDealforCuba #CubaLibre #FREEDOM 4 Innocent lovely people of Cuba $DoesNOT go to them
That's right they get nothing everything goes to the Castro Regime.
Hey little @marcorubio, edify me just one(1)way people of Cuba will be empowered by losing $Bill. in tourists $$$.Like the 50+yrs embargo?!?
Ty for this awesome policy. Cash going to military is ridiculous in communist Cuba. People are starving. Oppressive communist Cuba.
President Trump today's speech was for THE PEOPLE. Well done Mr. P.!!!
Must have been some dinner. Wife get a position in admin? Big campaign dollars? Intel committee prep? Kickback for Russian base in Cuba?
"what are we going to do to help the cuban people free themselves from healthcare".
#BetterDealForRubiosSoFlBase
Why on earth fellow Floridians voted back in this moronic ego-maniac is beyond me. Rubio is all Rubio cares about.
What happens when u speak truth to lies. At some point the right will start providing support for their assertions. At least we can dream

No, it doesn't.
I call BULL  BULL  BULL 
Sometimes i think this Vocal privileged Miami mob are walking dead.Who wishes their family back home poverty?
Thank The Lord for Our POTUS- FINALLY a MAN with Guts, Common Sense, Intelligence, Love of HIS COUNTRY & yet Kindness towards Others. 
HOW?
Would you just come down from your high table for a moment?How do you even know what Cubans want and you have never even  lived there???
Tell that to the Cubans.What they need most American Senators telling them what's best for them he
I don't agree on Trump actions much I feel his decision today is a step forward and will help stop the corrupted regime
Yea sure. We all know how effective the embargo was. Only rich men get to smoke Cuban cigars!
says the man that lives in the US with excellent pay and benefits. maybe you should ask those that LIVE in Cuba instead of speaking 4 them
Hey. How do you manage to stand up when you have no backbone?
This will hurt the Cuban people by cutting the peoples source of income which is American tourism. This will make the Castro's more powerful
You deal with Saudi Arabia though?! Money grabbing PoS
are you that ignorant?  Maybe you should try and take your nose out of that Trump behind and listen to ur constituents.
Putin says he's going to help Cuba out. Great move by your leader.
Ass Much??
Rubio, you're an embarrassment to Florida. Step down.
I bet the people of Cuba are loving that no Americans will be staying in their Air BnBs.
Or taking tours in their classic cars, eat in restaurants or buy their wares.
Really helps the lives of Cubans.

Chinese and Russian Communists? Great friends. Cuban Communists? EVIL. Rubios' father was not available to count the pieces of silver.
PLSTELL ROBERTMUELLER TO STOP SAYING HOW PROUD HE IS TO STAND WITH SCHUMER,BOTH TELLING TRUMP TORECUSE HIMSELF FROM ALL THINGS CUBA
Isn't your GOP MO "America First"? Focus on keeping America's ACA, creating jobs, protecting our environment, ...
Little Marco is waaaayy cooler when he is a true Republican. 
Quite a stretch little Marco...#Cuba
You've pretty much soiled yourself into being the very LAST person to consult on what's best for Cuba OR Florida OR the US...
#FireMuellerNow
You were great Senator!  Congratulations.  for the Cuban people.
While trump dances with Saudis and ignores Russia? No credibility there. Can't have it both ways
You & Trump are taking away their new found livelihoods from American tourism. How is that empowering the people? Hasn't worked in 50 yrs.
Little Marco, after trump insulted you, you went running back to do his bidding. A dog turns back to his own vomit.
Which Cubans are you talking about? Maybe Americans of Cuban descent, not for the Cubans actually living in Cuba
Great speech you all made today and this was the best thing that could happen to the Cuban people
Uh yeah, and all this is gonna happen RIGHT AFTER Raul Castro dies, I'm assuming #LULZ
Bs!  I really feel for the people of Cuba who this impacts the most.  Another sad day.
Perhaps now you can start working with @POTUS instead of always underminding him...
But here IN THIS COUNTRY,  ALL AVOID the SOVEREIGNTY ABUSES
Trump got SOVEREIGNTY right:
http://www.originalpechanga.com/2017/06/trump-gets-sovereignty-righton-cuba.html … 
@NCAI1944 @nativeopinion
Take your medicine, Little Marco.
Liar. There is no real change. You just want to make Trump feel competent. Like 90% of his EOs, this "change" makes almost no difference.
Please could you explain me how this help to Cuban people??!!! I hope you mean Cuban people in Cuba.
.Thank you Senator Rubio for reminding Americans about the hardship the people of Cuba endure.
You are punishing the Cuban People not the regime & u know it! I can go to N.K. but not Cuba? Shame on U! NUTS!
Your favorability based on this tweet has dropped dramatically. You will be a private citizen soon, Marco
Your only problem is that this dictator doens't answer to your donors who finance your campaign. You have no clue wha tyou are saying
No it does not. It hurts the people of Cuba ! We need to progress! Yo soy Latina , I no entiendo porque no podemos tartar algo differente
I know Cubans and Cuban-Americans ardently seek progress. I question this @POTUS ability to deliver.
This is a travesty and is clearly part of Trump's goal to undo all the good Obama did. Shame on you.
Yea, embargoes are historically efficient.  It's so unsurprising that you in particular would think this...
The embargo didn't work for nearly 60 years. So why not try it again for another 60? Who knows, amirite?



This was the quid pro quo for your backing off, asking soft ball questions abt Russia.  You are and will always be Little Ass Kisser Marco.
Pero le olvido decirle gbn de vzla q tiene aver mano dura por lo crímenes q se comete contra el pueblo q protestas Asus amigos como las farc
Cuba is not a problem of the USA. American people should worry about problems in American soil. Cubanos vendidos de mierda
definition of insanity to do the same thing over & over again & expect different results when you know full well #embargo is a failed policy
I notice only the white Cubans are behind you.  Where's the negritos, that suffered under Batista, no human rights complaints back then huh?
Exactly!

still waiting for the regime's downfall then followed by the long process of reconciliation between the exiled community and
the Cuban people. Dismantling the island's security forces. Decide if the island remains independent or as a colony under the
Jones Act? Oh did the "President" allow Cuban migrants to enter the country under "wet foot dry foot"?
I, too, am a citizen of Cuba, because I want the people of Cuba to free!
Control
and trumps hotels?
Little Marco officially joins the WH circle jerk. Sad!
Nice try, but no.
They're not even sure what the hell just happened. Smh
