when voting not think of his Party But For the People of Florida want him To. #disgraceful your word means nothing!
didn't you cave & vote for DeVos. Just when I thought your backbone was growing back in. smh 
Thank you for being a strong voice in the senate and for our policies around the world.
he's a worm open your eyes
Because Rubio to force Taiwan to end 40 years of peace/prosperity/autonomy with an unwanted war for independence
Ignore him
@libertylatina I'm down with this.
Where did Marco find the guts to go after Putin, Trump's BFF? and benefactor?
- I hope your state is smart enough to vote you out! You've proven you can be bought. Grow a spine!
I'm sure if Donnie or Vlad throw a few bucks your way, you can change your mind right?
@jrpaws @SenRubioPress Word.
I'm glad to hear you say this, but it's too bad you voted for Russia's BFF Tillerson (a man with no diplomatic experience).
Why bother? None of y'all are putting #countryoverparty #ivoteinFL
Laughable coming from a guy without a spine.
This I agree with 100%, thank you.
did u talk to potus and Rex about that?  What did they say?
Your overall performance made a good impression on many of our American people, you sounded like a great leader today
you lost all credibility when you voted for Umbridge...I mean DeVos.
after DeVos and your refusal to cross party lines for the greater good of American children . I will never vote for you again
he sold our children out for $100,000 shame on him
Dude you screwed the pooch on Devos.
your vote for DeVos has ruined you
senador no abandone la lucha en contra del gobierno de venezuela, muchos aca en venezuela contamos con ustedes.
Senator Rubio, keep the flame going applying pressure on the senate panel. Last thing we need is to appear weak before Putin.
Hmm Devos must have allowed you to speak now be a good little Marco and go sit down
or until you get a piece of the Exxon pie you sell out
understandable but talk to the #Crimea people & most of them are Russian and happy to be back in Russia I say leave it alone
you may as well be quiet. You have ZERO principles and blow in the wind. NEITHER SIDE OF THE AISLE cares what you say.
I agree.  No vote for you.  Trump has you under foot.
Hold line on Russian sanctions and I might forgive you voting to confirm DeVos - MAYBE.
U say this, but u like all #GOP will fall to ur knees in the face of TRUMP the fascist in chief.
hey Marco Ponte pa tu número y no te hagas el gracioso contra Trump que no vas a salir electo ni como consejal de Hialiah
@PMorris153 little Rubio has no spine #stopSessions racist bigot #neverGOP
.@SenRubioPress : how much will they pay you this time to change your vote?
and the GOP shouldn't endorse unqualified people to fill important positions. Shame Rubio.
The aim is to get Russia landlocked and nukes one minute away from Moscow. Won't happen. Asking for nuclear war.
money talks & BS walks. You are so wrong! Who is paying you?
good for you
but you voted to confirm his best friend Tillerson  smh
Thank you for all you do for America!
@VetsAgnstTrump dude you supported these idiots #sellout
You are a fake Marco Rubio!
seriously?  You are all talk and no action!  You say what u know is right and do the opposite. We The People r watching u!
You are all about posturing.  When it comes to taking action, you fold.  Don't trust you.
@WahcaMia he's not going to he's now got a secret merc operation forcing them to cremate bodies to lower the count.

sick, right? Non disclosure agreements PUTIN has mercs signing--a lot like our dictator in chief
Or Korea.
Please lead on the dubious activity of Russia. We are counting on you.
if only @marcorubio could have done anything to prevent all these Putin friend to run our country.  Oh wait he could have
Still doesn't excuse that nearly $90K you got from Betsy DeVos. You are bought: lock, stock & barrel. Hope it's worth it.
like you're actually going to do anything about it
oh little marco, grow some cojones and go against this shit. At the end you will cave and not investigate
you shoukd stop voting to confirm his friends
Ha The @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan have every intention of supporting it all I expect Russian troops at our airports soon
Well said, sir!
Now tell your boss, Mr #45, to get his head out of #Putin 's you-know-what.
#russianaggression

please stand up to Trump.  It is pathetic.
Shouldn't the citizens of Crimea make that call? Oh, they already did.
GOOD ONE LITTLE MARCO - NOW GO PLAY
Have you shared this with the president? We already know this. Not sure he does. Of course his taxes would reveal a lot. 
Predicando la moral en calzoncillo.  The Emperor has no clothes.  Empty words from one w/out backbone
@rumpfshaker zero credibility. Zero.
And you should have never voted "yes" to confirm @BetsyDeVos Marco, your validity has weakened. Sad!
Nice job taking $$ from DeVos & selling out the children.
you sometimes say the right things but you have a long way to go. #LittleMarco
Quit selling out.  #CountryBeforeParty
when will u rollover on this belief....after your given $97,000.00 by a donor opposing it?
do not support you and will never do so...you are a jellyfish - no backbone...welcome to the resistance
.@SenRubioPress I hope you #act as well as tweet.
but you haven't found your spine or balls yet to stand up to Putin's buddy
how about you grow a pair for once in your life and stand up to trump, but why do that when it's so much easier to sell out.
Ya? Well what if Putin gives you $100k? You'll 'go along' with lifting sanctions then won't you?
Dems don't seem to like "fly over country" Americans very much...
All well and good, but stop being a yes man to 45. Work to remove his dangerous mind from office
And your vote for DeVoss? 0 credibility. #canbebought
If only there was something a sitting US Senator could have done to stop a Putin-appeaser from running the State Department.
And yet, you voted for Tillerson, who is all about easing sanctions. #coward
thank you for your fight to preserve freedoms here and around the world.
This is adorable. You actually said something grown-up. Too bad we all know you're floppier than a newborn baby. #resist
you'll be changing your tune soon. Money  makes your cave. #devos
@marcorubio More tough talk from little Marco.  I'm sure you'll vote to remove all sanctions once you get paid.
damn autocorrect..I said KISSING UP....he humiliated you and you kiss his boots. Ridiculous.
Thank you Marco for all you do that Noone seems to notice.everyday I follow you watch what you do for us I am humblygrateful
I am embarrassed for FL....you have no backbone. Keep missing up and you will be out of a job .
I often like what you SAY you stand for but you never follow through .
you're leaving out poisoning dissidents, among other offenses you know very well they are committing! Wake up. Stand up.
if you don't start to stand up to Trumps insanity. You are killing any hope of becoming prez. You are losing respect fast
You will do nothing unless someone gives you some cash. Just like devos
"Or males a donation to me"

I wish I could believe what you say but for the right price, you sell your convictions.
And his mother!
Also: investigate #Russia hacking into election.
they won't. It's not Hillary so no need to worry about Americans now.
