Marco Rubio  is such an imbecile that I'm ashamed of being part of the species.
Fine. Why don't you go after all the crooks in DC, Comey, Podesta, Clinton, Rice, Huma?
The fact that this happened is OUR COUNTRY IS PLAIN UNACCEPTABLE !!
Always defending human rights here and everywhere. Very proud of you!
We do not belong EVERYWHERE. Mind our own business.
And let all the refugees from everywhere come here. Its that what u want? Live alone in the planet
Unless you are an American Indian, you came from a refugee, at some time.
Yes I came as a Cuban exile and became a citizen in 1970 ypu cant compare radical muslism who come ad refugees to harm us aka Manchester
More Americans are killed by other Americans, than by terrorist. Christians have done more to ruin this country than anybody.
Your insensivity and lack of compassion made me speechless. May God forgive you Have a nice day#
There is no god.
Please comment on GOP Rep Gianforte's physical assault charge on a reporter asking about cbo score on death bill.
TY; and shame on "state dept" for having to be asked!(I've asked them/ via tillerson, too.)
I'll be back.
MARCO TIME TO PUT COUNTRY OVER PARTY  PROVE YOUR LOYALTY!
Republicans have a loyalty to money only
We must stand up to authoritarian bullying of peaceful demonstrations and the free press. Demand Trump condemn this attack and others.
@marcorubio I applaud this decision to investigate. Now let's do the same for #trumprussia
Thank you Senator ! I knew you weren't going to let Erdogan and his thugs slide .
Marco Rubio receive $2.3 millions from heath industry , the real reason why he opposes universal HEALTHCARE!
DO MORE.

FLORIDA

Orlando
Valencia College East Campus…
thanks trump
Protecting Americans and their freedom of speech is what good lawmakers do.

#Florida #FL
Thank you for taking action on this. It's disgusting we still haven't heard squat from Pres man-baby about Americans being attacked at home
Thanks for using your influence to get the  State Dept to investigate attack of protesters by Turkey.
DT did "0" when the Turks beat our people in plain site.Chris Murphy is an amazing man.
SETH RICH
Biggest waste of time. Please. Typical politician.  No one in my neighborhood complaining
Congress is failing to protect us. Kuschner must have his clearances revoked ASAP. PROTECT US or you are true TRAITORS!
Rubio & Johnson like most GOP supports violence against Americans, arrest for speaking out in town halls & removal for coming to offices
How much arw u being paid to ignore Kushner, Trump, espionage, and treason?
INVESTIGATE KUSHNER/trump
https://twitter.com/hadi_elis/status/830909701906907137 …
MR thanks for asking for asking @StateDept to investigate attack of protestors by Turkey Pres Security. Please keep us posted.
There were  3 +  from Erdogan's sec  detail for ea. demonstrator. Do something  about this .   Such savagery is inexcusable!!
How about TAX cuts? and BUILD the DAMN wall!
Thank you!
While you're at it, Delist PKK, arms embargo on Turkey and kick Turkey out of @NATO.
How No Good
You're in hot water Rubio, up to eyeballs in #TrumprussiaCollusion
419 Trump Docs Leaked: Russian Money Tied to McConnell, Cruz, Rubio, McCain, and RNC

All via #TrumpLeaks @Funder http://www.bluedotdaily.com/419-trump-docs-leaked-russian-money-tied-to-mcconnell-cruz-rubio-mccain-and-rnc/ …
Our true military heros fight for our freedom.  How would they react to trump/GOP encouraging foreign gvts to attack US citizens on US soil?
Its about time
@ericbolling @kimguilfoyle @JoeNBC @greta Turkish thugs feel immune because Trump & Sessions won't do anything about it. Trump must speak up
How about asking that the data collection Obama undertook for YEARS be investigated & prosecuted? Or don't you care abt we the people?
Really? This is a priority for you?
Well. Here's a thing I agree with you on! This better not be just a BS pro forma investigation to shut critics up.
Prison for creepy corrupt GOP.
Really? Too bad you aren't able to see the sins of your own party as clearly as you do this.
Little marco to bad the did get to U by what RU going to do about the , nothing !! waste of air !!
We face with these attacks everyday in Turkey,innocent people want to hear your support . There is a genocide in #TURKEY say NO. Say Stop
Do something for America Senator - something
Chris Murphy is a left wing CT liberal. Embarrassment to CT. Shame.
Marco needs to prioritize issues - win the important issues, ignore the less important
Instead of inv stigations, it is time for legislation
That's your statement? Awfully robotic. This is Americans being attacked on American soil. What do we call that again?
Investigate? It happened. Throw them out.
I don't care about the Turks, investigate the leaks
Rubio, the #betterlatethannever kind of guy.  Why are you not supporting this push for the investigation?
New York time investigate them investigate Hillary Clinton and her crew of 5th amended investigate Washington Post and leakers
Stop investigating fix our TAXES AND HEALTHCARE little puke and Chris Murphy give me a break my family and I ran from CT HOWS NOT A CLUE !!!
What about #IndependentCommission for #TrumpRussia @marcorubio or still standing by to sit on -45's lap on the plane ride to maralago again?
I disagree with you, my senator, on many things -- but sincerely thank you for this position.
Thank you for finally speaking out against this terrible crime. #freedom
Thank you. This cannot happen on our land.
Yes! Please push for this!
Where is your concern about ?
THANKYU FOR Caring for Human Rights
THANKYU FOR CARUNG FOR Human Rights Amen
About time. And then get back to Russia
@marcorubio OMG! Are you really concerned! Thank God, this violence against our 1 Amendment is atrocious!
Now time to do your job by insisting @jaredkushner have his #SecurityClearance pulled! Or will your fear of Trump keep you frozen  in fear?
Marco also request State Dept to investigate Seth Richs assesination!
In light of Kushner development, please don't forget that this is the SECOND back-channel attempt that we KNOW about!
Good move....terrible culture of violence fostered by Trump.
Lailahe illallah muhammedin resullullah hak din islamdir
Thank you.
Edergon is not our friend.
Yes, this is an important, non-partisan issue.
I am sure they our law enforcement is already looking into it! Stop trying to put your name on it!
How about looking into Seth riches death.
Seems you didn't worry about Turkey when Flynn was approved
Nice little Marco but a week late. But guessing it's your first day at work
WOW. You're actually taking a stance. Is this the bare minimum @jonlovett was talking about???
These Turkish thugs need to be prosecuted. We have freedom of speech in this country & they should not get diplomatic immunity.
Great. How about kushner?
You certainly took your time senator. But this constituent was expecting worse, so let me give you credit for this one.
Cannot believe this happened in our country's capital. Rubio is right, needs to be thoroughly investigated. Turkish thugs.
This happened how long ago Why the sudden "interest" ?
If you want to go big, investigate the Trump/Russia dealings. If you want to go smaller, look into the Montana fiasco!
Inexcusable behavior on American soil. We must protect our nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic.  #trumprussia created this.
And Rubio voted for all #trumprussia nominees despite constituents calls, mail, & office visits
Thank you thank you!!!!! We greatly appreciate the work you are doing for this country!! We are stronger together!
Why don't you investigate emoluments and Trump's business ties with Erdogan and the extradition Flynn was going to set up and got paid for.
You got it right
Nobody will do anything about it, this government can't even raise a finger to obvious crimes. Let alone take action against another gov
Thank you from a constituent.
Would any US military Academy graduate stand by and lick the boots of turkish gvt officials attacking US citizens like our WH did?
MARCO RUBIO FOR PRESIDENT!
He'll No
Way too late Marco. Waiting to see which way the wind blows is so damn weak. I am disgusted with this WH and GOP. Never thought i'd see this
Thank you for getting back to being a United States senator. Doing this more often may result in your being re-elected
Russia? Kushner? Anything?
This is a disgusting act on American soil!!time to get strong again the last feckless #pussy years have killed us #obamasucks #islamisevil
ICYMI Pussy is powerful and really wonderful in every way! 
Thank you so much for always caring about human rights.
Thank you. About time...
Thank you
Thank you, nice move.
About time you stopped embarrassing the Great State of Florida and started showing a little backbone. We'll done
Why is marco Rubio always nibbling at the edges and no substance?.
Thank you. Now please demand that Kushner and Sessions immediately have their clearance revoked and be suspended until investigated.
Thank you all 
I think you should be investigating something else.
Senador por favor no deje de presionar. Venezuela necesita de todos, de lo contrario triunfara la NARCO-DICTADURA...
He doesn't do his job for constituents
earth shattering Marco- how does one sleep at night?
Rubio - don't make me like you. 
Thank you. Now ask @HouseGOP for impeachment if @POTUS now that evidence of collusion is public. #kushnerrussia
How about you ask about Kushner while you are at it? Thanks that'd be great.
You have you hand full at home !! Investigate the RUSSIAN PUPPET IN THE WHITE HOUSE !! How much $$ you got from the russian to stay quiet ??
Thank you
You are a national embarrassment too. We will make sure your name will be in the history books for putting party & donations before country.
It's about time you felt the tingle of a backbone bud emerging.
Too late, wimp.
Thank you. We look forward to your strong condemnation for @GregForMontana's disregard for the first amendment as well.
Really a week later?? They attacked Americans
Good thank you!
Gee thanks Marco. Encouraging an investigation, not prosecution, is so ...meaningless.
About time. Now how about holding up legislation or appts until @realDonaldTrump complies.
Are you going to comment on #fisa court #fbi rebuke?  No one else is.
CYA now, little Marco? Trying to distance yourself from Trump now, little Marco?
Thx
It's the world we live in. It is presumptuous to think they respect our right to protest. They may have thought they were a set up
Kushner sir???
What about? He hasnt being charge yet. What about if u lrave it yo special counsel? Rubio isnt a prosecutor
What a relief your on this Marco , so reassuring your working for your constituents and your country .
Every blue moon you do something honorable sir. The Turkey thugs kicked a** BTW
Wish you would have as much interest in attacks on Trump!
Thank you. I hope you will all demand that Jared Kushner's security clearance be pulled immediately! Keep him out of the WH!
Thank you.Seriously, sad you have to take up #45s slack by being a US Diplomat, Ambassador, Senator, at the same time. Tired of babysitting?
Just to be clear, you are standing up against this authoritarian regime? And by that we mean @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @jaredkushner @Reince45
And Trump congratulated this asshole on his election win. Erdogan is an elected Dictator, Trump is heading the same way. #trumptator
Thank you. This is unacceptable behavior.
HEY SENATOR RUBIO,
HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEWS THIS PAST WEEK?
WORRY ABOUT WH CONNECTED TO RUSSIA!
GET TAX RETURNS AND FINANCIALS INFO OF TRUMP!
Thank you
Good luck getting Ron Johnson off his ass to do anything.
How about you worry about AHCA and tax reform?
Why has @POTUS not spoken out about this?!
There's no money in it for him.
Make a list of all the things the Secret Service has done in foreign countries  even in our own country don't be such hypocrites get over it
Finally doing something huh
Seems we have a heck of a lot more to investigate. Where are you hiding this holiday, we need to talk about our democracy.
Thank you. the Protestors they attacked are Kurdish. Turkish Gov want to eliminate the Kurds by any means available.
Why not investigate.  your not doing anything else important in Washington.   
Thanks, Since @POTUS hasn't said one word to the American people about this assault on Americans!
Marco so your being Paid By the Russians To? #trumpleaks #trumprussia
Thank you, Senators
the start of a long list of things you can do to show that country matters more than party!  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
What it really counts is a President that is a real american. That put the Nat
Growing a spine, one vertebrae at a time, Marco.
