Cruz & Rubio need to go back to Cuba ... They are worthless pieces of dog excrement.
Erdogan called for a caliphate & a return to the Ottoman Empire  we should have ended ties with Turkey on the spot.
How about condemning Trump for cozying up to dictators while giving the cold shoulder to our closest allies? No?
Arming the Kurds is the opposite of cozying up with Erdogan.
I'm talking about the peaceful protestors here in Washington D.C.  by Erdogan's people. You know, the guy Trump has openly praised?
Regardless of what we do in Turkey or Syria, here in America peaceful protestors shouldn't be violently assaulted by a government force.
See DAPL and Standing Rock for further details. It's atrocious and should be condemned by everyone, most importantly the POTUS.
You know, the guy who's supposed to defend the constitution? Free speech is a pretty big deal in that document, so I hear.
Mr. Law and Order!
What do you think he should do? Are you against arming the Kurds? Against destroying ISIS in Raqqa and Tal Afar?
These are the young coming uppers in the Rep Party. Maybe one will run in 2024?
Golf claps what about @POTUS leaking classified intelligence to Russia after firing Comey for investigating his #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Considering NEITHER of these two things were true, what are you on about?
Merely words on a piece of paper.
Is that it? Concern? Apology (have they even apologized)? What are we doing about it?
I wish they would wait until AFTER we get Political Prisoners safely back home! They need to Stay Out if things!
I'm curious as to what your response would have been if this happened in Obama's watch.  Why are you not condemning Trump weak leadership?
Good for them. Where is President,? Where are all lib human rights advocates?
It's shameful the way the American people acted toward a guest of our representative president Trump. I find it embarrassing
...they got beat up by goons from the Turkish government, on US soil, and you're complaining about their demeanor? Really?
That's another ignorant statement the Turkish embassy is viewed as Turkish Sovereign soil. Is ignorance bliss
Erdogan is a dictator
Problem with Trumpie he wants to be the Dictator of America....
I must have missed Trumps connection to the Turkish dictator. I thought he was only involved with the Russians. 
THEY SHOULD ALL BE INVESTIGATED
A joint statement is NOT ENOUGH-there must be consequences -loss of diplomatic status-ejection from AMERICA
Lets see....have these guys grouped to protest the antifa let riots?...I don't remember seeing their statement.
It took 3 of you to decide these thugs should not have assaulted our citizens?
@marcorubio @tedcruz @SenMikeLee @TomCottonAR if I attack someone for saying something I don't like may I avoid prosecution with an apology?
@marcorubio needs to also be aware that there is video of Erdogan ordering his thugs to do it.
Recognize the Armenian Genocide.
GOP Sen's have lost their way. Need to quit acting like liberal left and DO YOUR JOB! PASS NECESS LEGISL ON TAXES AND HEALTHCARE
instead of trying to take down Trump!  Amer's voted him in-you don't know better than us! We know better than YOU and will vote you out!
U must look into the full act 
Sedition Act of 1798 was passed while the Federalists controlled Congress & John Adams was n the White House.
Lock them up and stop this shadow government coup
If you want to impress me, actually DO something for once. ...instead of running for a news camera and beating your gums together....
Elected officials are always "condemning " stuff...hear it every day. Big whoop!! I am sure your "condemnation " has them shaking in shoes..
Noticeably absent is Sasse, but he's got more important things to do like abstaining from voting on anything.
Apologize?
Didnt Obama support Erdogon during the Turkish coup?
Get the full story first. I'm guessing the protesters played a part.
Those Coward protesters should face charges.
But are they "very concerned" yet?
@tedcruz- You can thank @POTUS for this one! where your condemning about the Russians in the WH?!
لا حول و لا قوة الا بالله  تشتت الامة الاسلامية.  بينما اتحدو الكفار علينا و مع هذا فنحن من نمهد لهم الطريق
If this happened in US soil in front of  police, who did nothing to stop these thugs imagine In  Turkey? #venezuela rehashed
ไม่
รรทรารทรรทรทรททรรทททททราทททททททททคคครคคทรรรครรรรรรรรรทารทครรรคททคครรครรทรรรครรคคท
ทค
ครขรคทคทค
Hey guys, you need to condemn Trump for treason , provoking violence too!  He likes the Turkish leader 
@POTUS @SenTomCotton About time! Need more! @SenWarren where are you on this?
Wooooah. What were they  protesting?
Who cares get back to work and lower my taxes
Maybe us arming the curds is wrong in the Turkish view. We should look closely who are allies really are.
Sir, some of your party members have called for protesters to be arrested and silenced. Are they thugs too?
Det här visar människans sämsta sida!!Det här är för jävligt!!

Joint statement BS. They stand mute when POTUS invites thugs into the oval.. huh!  Maybe if happened in their neighborhoods they'd act.
Where is @realDonaldTrump statement regarding this vicious attack of American ? #CountryOverParty
Even this statement is only asking for an apology. DO SOMETHING!
@pdacosta very effective #not
WE SHOULD HAVE KICKED THE TURDS, EXCUSE ME TURKS OUT OF THE COUNTRY IMMEDIATELY THAT WAS UNCALLED FOR. I SUPPORT THE KURDS ALL THE WAY 
Why WE let this happen on our own soil? WE are in a time of peace, for God's sake! I'm glad you brought this up! #CruzCrew
News didn't air it much...weird.
An where an what did your president say about this. Please looks to me a can of whoop ass need to be open oh wait trump would put us in jail
@tedcruz THAT WAS 3RD WORLD THUG BULLSHIT! KICK THEM ALL THE HELL OUT OF THE USA!
Rubio the most hated person in U.S. Senate said he will ask   Eth government because people are separeted from z family ? What about In US
Yaaaasssss
It would be nice if they spoke out and tried to protect Trump Supporters from violence from the left with the same morality
But they can't oppose treachery in the WH

@tempteststorm2 they  r a Sovereign Nation. They protect their leader from hateful protesters. We let ours vandalize, terrorizing citizens
How about @mariorubio meet with his consistents. Remember the people he is suppose to represent
Outrageous....a Turkish leader has his goons attack Americans? In America...kick them out and don't let them back in.
How about surrendering the perpetrators for prosecution and declining to exert immunity?
I agree with the senators.
Politician much?  How about finding courage to help @POTUS ? Anyone can jump on this bandwagon.. 

We need joint action by GOP now...
Arrests?!?!?!?
Safety in numbers.
Why don't we fight the Democratic's we won the election! If memos from Comey about Trump are made public than Obamas need to be made public.
Get out of this country nazi
Cowards all. Afraid to stand up to trump.
But y'all can't condemn trump for his actions?
Love u
Same applies to antifi  shitheads,  thugs would imply strength which they are sadly lacking instead of annoyance which they have abundantly
Glad someone did - Our autocrat @POTUS didn't
@marcorubio and where is the @potus or @WhiteHouse statement? Too busy complaining about how he is treated unfairly #unfit #sad
Any more Senate signatories being sought?
This is cheap
And the repercussions for this abhorrent behavior is ??
Yes, Turkey should apologize!
RT: Rubio, Cruz, Lee & Cotton issue joint statement condemning Erdogan thugs' violence against protesters in DC:
Couldn't think of anything else to make a joint statement on? #cowards
Oh! That's really going to scare them! Pissed off that they weren't shot or jailed.
@KatiePavlich Cruz Rubio Lee and Cotton r some of my favs...
@AG_Conservative Good for them! Crickets from POTUS.. but he at least didn't praise the thugs..
@marcorubio This is not the 1st time!Your all politics!This is 2nd time http://D.C.is  useless
What about the leader you're defending? @marcorubio @tedcruz @SenTomCotton
Please everyone keep contacting Republicans 
DEMAND IMPEACHMENT
of maxine?
“Thoughts and prayers”
They should let Navy SEALS beat the crap out of them.
I'm sure they have seen enough libitards doing it and thought it was ok
MORE important DEFEND President Trump! We will never elect another swamp Republican if you don't! YOU are part of the swamp!
Gentlemen - more meaningless talk. How about taking on the thug that's a grave danger to our country...@realDonaldTrump. Grow a pair, men.
ooooooooh! well shit that ought to learn'em
Hmm shame never heard anyone condemn for the numerous Trump supporters asssulted on video... looking at you Cruz,Lee,Rubio...
Love you
Ottomans going to Ottoman
Don't condemn it, Do SOMETHING about it!! That's why your up on the hill!!!
And this will do what?
Now let's see a letter condemning this BS treatment of Pres Trump.
@tedcruz they should be equally vocal about out of control media
"we strongly condemn." Then do something about it Senators!
What can 4 senators unilaterally do about this in reality?What exactly are you asking for?
They can send the bodyguards back to Turkey like right now!
I actually agree, just saying I don't think senators alone can do much more than a statement and apply pressure.
Lets revenge!
That's great, just like the Dems do with all the riots vs conserv speakers. Boo hoo
What about the violence of communist leftists at University campuses against young conservatives?
Bravo. Now in light of 'diplomatic immunity'/protocol/etc., let's take measures so incidents like this *never* happen again. Disgraceful.
@tempteststorm2 Turkey looking in on our anarchy, division, antifa have a different outlook on the . We have no moral high ground 2 protest
Believe they forgot they were not at home.
and in related news, the democrat party supports the violence
@tedcruz Guy, go back to your room and continue fantasizing about Paul Ryan while you do your thing. 
But nothing questioning @realDonaldTrump for wanting to invite dictators to White House and openly praise them? Next up N Korea
Probably unwise to call up Erdogan so quickly to congratulate him for "winning" his referendum, too...but not ready to cross that yet...
You're all sniveling cowards

Words are cheap.
Ru
This is good company
