Excuse me. Who exactly are you speaking to? Please tell me twitter isn't how you reach Trump.
Except we can't give a 3 Star General authority to do anything. So unless he is demanding this of Trump, it has no value.
Trump did it after Rubio's suggestion. ( not demand)
Wait are you blaming Rubio? All he had to do was "suggest" it to earlier. Wow.
Of course not, he is the only one doing something since day one, the rest is talk no action. You said demand I said suggest thats it.
Today he admitted the response has been slow until now. I prefer him using his outdoor voice to get help when people are dying.
If you r talking abot Rubio I'll tell you hes been saying from day 1 the response was slow & difficult & urged Potus to send the troops

He ain’t messin around.  This is what a leader looks like y’all.
Imagine he was in the WH.
I try not to.  It makes me sad that he’s not.
me too
Who are you subtweeting here? Don't you work in government?
He's a legislator. He's not in the cabinet. We have branches in the executive dedicated to disaster relief. Senators have no such authority.
I know that. My point was that there must be a better way to communicate with whomever he was subtweeting. He won't even tag them/him.
I think it's best not to tag Trump in any tweet if you want him to stay on point.
Where's FEMA in all this? They used to be great on logistics. Worked w/ them in the 1990's. Would volunteer as Hazmat driver if structured.
Go ahead, volunteer , FEMA is there
Just finished processing in via VOAD... background check going on now. Found out U can't volunteer directly to FEMA. any more.. Thanks.
To Fema not, but to PR gov yes or the Red Cross or right here help is needed to pack & sort out donated goods
Trump sat for a week while people suffer in Puerto Rico.  Helping brown people that speak Spanish - his base would be mad.  Bad ratings.
You just show the whole world your lack of personal experiences.
Why aren't you tweeting are PR pols? @POTUS has no authority to remove PR bureaucracy...why don't you call out @Teamsters for obstruction?
You know #45 is not liking this reality.  You and your colleagues need to impeach this Joker.
US provided 1.5 millions tents to Haiti a non USA territory.PR USA are dying, thirsty, withou food.Shame on you for cover up. Late response
Racist woman.Coming from u it doesn't really matter. U are a nobody& U will die like that. PRican and proud. How many jews Ur family killed?
Commander in Chief has this and why start Is this enough?  Wow ever heard of standing behind our President and military.?
I can't believe I'm agreeing with you, the red tape isn't useful at this time. It's killing the people there. Talk to your president.
You're not potus...shut up
according to the Pres those people in Puerto Rico want everything done for them
EXCELLENT
People have to pay for evacuation, water, gasoline, etc.Where is the help. Is the GOP help invisible during 9 days https://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/passports/information/evacuated-citizens.html …
Restore Puerto Rico and let them be their own country!
Weird tweet. Who are you addressing? You are in the position to make this happen. Not us
Senators can't make stuff happen they just pass laws and appropriate $$
Stop running a failed campaign. Start being a Senator who has the capabilities to perform services for your constituents.
It's about TIME? WTH is going on in Washington, D.C.? #Inexcusable behaviour by #POTUSTrump We Need Mental Fitness Test moving forward !
What we need is a Potus like Rubio
Don’t let the liberals and tree huggers get involved. They will try to save a snail over a human life
Who cares about the drive by media's fake news.
1/They got kompromat on u, is that why u dropped out? http://www.newsweek.com/russia-investigation-trump-election-primary-marco-rubio-576850 … U could stand up NOW,call 4impeachment. U can help save ALL of
2/,including PR! It's bad,gettin worse,but it's not too late! U knois aasset,we kno it,u kno that we kno. You're a #traitor if u don't
3/call4impeachment. Nothin good bout u will b remembered,just that u were a #Traitor if u continue2help,, koch,mercers, kushners,all the
4/the other grifters,fascists &racists ruin. They don't respect u,they h8 u&all Cubans-u do realize this,right? Call for impeachment. Now!
Captain America sent to replicate  Santa Claus miracle? Deliver a gift to all in one night? Response should be about mandate not the man
MILITARY DELIVERY DRIVERS.....................SOLAR POWER............WATER FILTERS
According to Press Conf with FEMA the other day....they have it. Focus is people not paper.  Why has Congress been silent until a week in?
4 million in food distribution to Haiti (non Americans) and search troops.1.3 million in water daily. PR USA could even get the donations in
Late respose from the GOP stop blaming the Americans that you should have helped and left to die without food, medication.Haiti g a lot more
What are you talking about, the GOP bureaucracy allowed our people to die. Manslaughter by Trump and his croonies have failed PR USA.
Sometimes you do your best and still bad stuff happens. They are doing all they can.

Rubio, I am not a fan of yours but thank you for calling out the gov. Ppl ready to volunteer but he didnt allow. Not even the truckers
The problems are #Liberals full of opinions and no actions.. Typical response... They thrive for chaos and anarchy. Never for solutions
It's a big problem massive. System was not prepared for this amount of destruction. And it keeps coming
About a week too late.
Can we drop emergency food/water via cargo planes? Don't forget PR's racing industry/horses on the island including the VI's
Also need to help the folks on the smaller islands that are just off shore and are a part of Puerto Rico.  They are being forgotten.
That would be up to the government.  Oh, that's right, that would be you.  Good luck to those suffering...
What about the Virgin Islands?
Great interview on CNN this morning. Thank you and please keep Puerto Rico a priority!
Marco you did nothing for the people of florida
Put your big boy pants and do something yourself stop trying to undermine him
If you can't say anything good don't say anything at all  why do you want to hurt trump he is doing all he can
logistics without a bureaucracy is not unlike diarrhea without a sphincter muscle.
Just a thought, but maybe we ditch bureaucracy in non-natural disaster times too?
Mayor had to come on TV and plead for help.  Hillary had to embarrassment Trump to send in Navy hospital ship.  Continue to push Trump!!!
Day 9 without potable water or help for those in hospitals & w life/death medical issues. #GOP
U must be tweeting Trump.  Grow a spine and call Trump.  U are begging the government U work for to help Puerto Rico.  PATHETIC!!
With all due respect, that's not how DSCA works.
You are the biggest hypocrite in the world, when you had a chance to help Puerto Rico you caved in to big business.
U get hit by Cat 5, stranded, no electricity, no cell service, no gas, no food, no H2O...AND no govt help #PuertoRico
OK PLASE GUIDE THEM DO THE RIGHT THINGS AND ACT THE BEST WAY FOR THE SAKE OF NEEDED PEOPLE OF PUEETO RICO.
Day 9 Marco. The Comfort is still in a VIRGINA port. More people will die to due lack of GOP response than #Maria.
Puerto Ricans are Americans! Cut the strings withholding aid! Get FEMA the resources they need!
I read the Trucker Union won't work. Trying to negotiate instead of helping. True?  @marcorubio @NBCNews
