1/4 of black people can't vote in Florida and your trying to talk about how undemocratic another nation is?
And why can't they vote
they have had their voting right taken away.
In what way
They don't want them to vote so they find ways to charge them with felonies, been happening since 1877.
Wow did not know this I think once you have paid your debt to society for the crime voters rights should be restored what is the reasoning
In my town they do this then they don't have to fund the school or community because they don't have to care about the black community.
Get more involved with local politics you can make a difference
All honest Venezuelans hope that you really mean this, we need some help overcoming this regime
Vote him out of office then instead of begging the US to overthrow him for you.
We are not begging, I am just thanking for his support, and trust me, Venezuelans have been doing all in our power to get rid of this.
I can't understand ppl who a thankful for foreign help in destabilizing their own country.
"Destabilizing" interesting choice of word. I strongly recommend you to read and get informed about Venezuelan situation before going fwd
I've kept up with Venezuela for many years and I know the US has been trying to destroy democracy there since Chavez.
Jajaja now you has shown me your true colors, chavez and democracy doesn't belong to the same sentence, go and live there, then talk
He was elected by the people as was Maduro. That's what democracy means and you should respect it. Haha.
The same POTUS who colluded with Russia to undermine our election.  Wow that would be the pot calling the kettle black
Sovereignty, look it up. Voter suppression in GA & all around the US, address & stop it. Mind our own corrupt business!
2) Entire voter rolls r going missing thus canceling registration of voters in US. Gerrymandering. Corporate-funded campaigns. Focus on 
Little Marco,Trump doesn't care.Nothing u can do to stop the inevetable.Just keep moaning like u did about Cuba for 50 years.Hands off Vzla.

Explain y u took money from Soros?
They do not care about sanctions they want to keep in power against all odds. Beside Rusia and china will give them economic relief for petr
Why should we believe you?  You don't even do anything to those who move against the US.  Coward and hypocrite.

So tired of hypocrite neocons outraged over "Russian interference" yet have no problem interfering and toppling regimes in other countries.
why the hell do you think it is your business ???
leave venezuela alone, you did enough shit
M.Rubio,The man behind The Comunist Constitucion,Who Lives part/time in USA w/family&has bussiness&propertys,Deserves his USA VISA Revoke
Y r u talking about a Sovereign nation let alone 1 w/ a Democratically-elected President? A voting process Jimmy Carter notes is transparent
Why y'all so scared of this? If anyone wants to actually learn what the Constituent Assembly is about:
How come it is always the same criminal terrorist supporting Israel firsters that want2 bring democrazy via theft of a country's resources?
Is that a threat or a promise ?#DEMOCRAZY
Washington´s permanent interference in #Venezuela´s affairs is fraudulent! Clean your own dirty backyard first!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=155665295001144&id=100016730227152 …
Excelentísimo senador, cuando seguirá presionando para que el terrorista Merino del @FMLNoficial lo investiguen por lavado y narcotrafico?
Tu lo q eres un payaso @marcorubio
Please, do it. Venezuela need external help URGENT
45  will be on Twitter, giving him hell,  bigly
We frankly are in no condition to be guiding another country, look at what 45, and YOU are doing to our own. #itsdark
Your constituents are much more interested in hearing how you could have been prepared to take away Medicaid from so many millions? #SaveACA
Did you already moved to Venezuela?
Why not? We had a fraudulent vote last November!
No difference. Then our voting, rigged!
What "very strong" response? As strong as his response to Putin for interference in US election.
Great job!
Question for you, when are you going to spend time on Florida issues? You are an American senator for Florida, not Venezuela.
Oh brother! Like 45 cares about perverted votes??? Toe that party line sir. Can't wait to vote you out with the rest of the shysters!
That makes TWO dictatorships in just a little over a year. But Turkey celebrates theirs.
Why don't you worry about Floridians? Your everywhere but here.
We live in a Globalized World, what happens internationally can have a positive or negative impact in #USA. Don't forget the missile crisis!
I appreciate your concern for Venezuela but suggest you get passionate about the current state of our country, you know, your country.
What about the fraudulent vote here in America?  Republicans want @realDonaldTrump removed from @WhiteHouse. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC
Meanwhile @POTUS your boss is actively trying to undermine elections HERE in America you've lost all credibilty sir
I hope  Maduro the devils son will recapacite
Mr Marco the Venezuelan people need your action immediately please.
Looking forward to That tweet.
Right after @POTUS googles "what is venezoola"
@NicolasMaduro tienes los días contados! Tu sueño de ser como #SadamHusein se te cumplirá pronto! Ten tu uniforme planchado para la foto!
Vayan preparando las sanciones porque estoy seguro Q el dictador @NicolasMaduro no cambiará su ruta de destrucción de nuestra #Venezuela
Oh FFS Marco, @POTUS doesn't even know where Venezuela is and just wants to play 'trucks.'
Strong on other bs corrupt govt's, but not our own which you help to maintain the corruption. Bible verses prove corrupted mindset Moreso
Α "strong response" you mean like a tweet for example?
Trump likes dictators very much.
And we will expect Little Marco to tweet useless bible verses
A strong response.  What's he going to do - return seized compounds, invite election meddling, launder money?
It's kinda all about the OIL right?
Iraq all over again. Imperialist Americanism. TRUMP THE DICTATOR.

You need to worry about all the issues with our own elections. We have no right to interfere when we allow Russians to control our election.
Drumpf & Tillerson don't give a shit about democracy or human rights. Any words defending this?
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/17/trumps-state-department-just-shut-war-crimes-prevention-office/ …
POTUS is more worried about his boo boos than in democratic Venezuela
What is he going to do open a golf course if the price is right
Thank you so much for all your support! 
Why are you trying to name yourself the King of all Latinos?  You don't even consider yourself one of them if you love Trump so much.
So much stupidity in your comment...
So sad you don't apply the same principals when it comes to Trump & Russia.
Seems you are much more concerned about the validity of their elections than ours. Meanwhile, weak TS Don spins w/no direction north of .
I call for the Honest and Democratic people of the United States for a boycot on Citgo Gas Stantions, Please don't fund Vzla's Dictatorship
Why does the Carter Center say it is a fair, transparent voting process and indisputably democratically-elected?
Seriously- stick up for Black voters in Florida before you wander into something you know nothing about. Trump will contradict you anyway
Any USA Action on Venezuela is tarnished by keeping #PuertoRico as A COLONY #51StateNow
Time to prove how righteous you are! Oh wait #Little Marco, your righteousness doesn't apply to the WH bully. No eres hombre HDP. #Marielito
I don't see you upset about the rigged election here at home. Stand up against Trump. Our election was stolen by Russian collusion.
That's hysterical. Our fraudulent president lecturing another fraudulent president. Come on man, you are killing me. 
You care more about a corupt election in Venezuela that the one that took place here in the U.S.
I hope so,  I know you will take care of that
Why don't you do something first about the lies and fraud in the White house?
Yes as US citizens we are concerned with other countries, but right now we are more worried about the state of our country.  Instead of ...
posting verses we would rather see what your doing & your stance& why on what is important to the poor, disabled, children, vets, elderly...
of this country.  Yes the country who is paying taxes to pay your salary.  We deserve to know how you are or are not protecting us.
Thank you Senator Rubio!
So you'll object to Venezuelan polling fraud more than US voting fraud per Russian hackers that have gone unpunished and unthreatened.
You know Global Warming is more of a threat to you than Venezuela.  I ask this sincerely, WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?????
How about your vote on healthcare? Are you going to protect your constituents or cave in to McConnell?
If he does, signing of Venezuelan Democracy Act in Doral can be one hell of a landmark moment. Manuel Artime Cuban rally all over again.
I think @marcorubio deserves a special thank for his longstanding efforts for Venezuelan people.
Maybe worry about our own fraudulent @POTUS.
great work Marco
Wish you were as concerend with America. Why don't you move there?
Exactly... It'll be just like 45 who got russia twi win it for him.  Pathetic. 45 n ivanka hypocritical to manufacture in other countries!
Sen. Rubio. I supported your election but now you disappoint me with your ignorance of the Venez issues or you are part of Communist  plot.
As strong as his North Korea response?  LOL @potus is a hot headed hot air balloon
People vote for you why??
Will he call the Russians?
Trump couldn't find Venezuela on a map.
Pero si VE NUESTRO SUFRIMIENTO y lo necesitamos ud esta comoda y segura en su casa? NOSOTROS HACE AÑOS Q NO Y VEMOS MORIR DE HAMBRE A NIÑOS
our hearts go out to the people of Venezuela. Now you should start caring about the GOP voter suppression in the USA.
America needs to stay out of venezuela.  It's their country their civil war. Stay the hell out of it.
Wth? Maduro is basically a puppet for cuba and putin. No civil war, it's just the military killing the people!!
USA needs to stay out of it. Let a civil war begin.  America went through this once. Venezuela will be stronger doing it for themselves
What about Jared's security clearance.....whoops I forgot,  you are not man enough to stand up to 45!
Unless it is Russian influence
if @POTUS  gives Russian back their compounds, who is going to protect our citizens from your complicit behavior and his treason?
Bible bullshit and Venezuela. That's all little Filthy Pay to Play can cling to now. His days are numbered. #russianpuppetregime
You seem to be more concerned about Venezuela than what's going on here.
What's going on there is probably hundreds of thousands of refugee seekers in Florida if maduro gets his genocidal way

JAJAJA QUE RARO ESTO
It would be nice if you cared as much about Russia meddling in our elections & Trump team collusion. U r all over the map
Bull. Trump doesn't know Venezuela from Mexico on a map and, worse, he doesn't care
Right, sure potus will act how? Read a statement like a 9 year old?

I'm 100% in support of your goals and helping Venezuelan citizens regarding democracy, but can you not see our democracy is unstable?
How in good conscience can 1 see the harm being done to citizens by ruler changing rules to keep power in other country, yet support same?
All in @GOP must know that you are supporting a take over here.The citizens are speaking loud/clear that you are failing us yet you persist
You can't use promise of better from U.S. yet not answer to your own country's/party's failings in civil rights, democratic processes, etc.
Pero si VE NUESTRO SUFRIMIENTO y lo necesitamos ud esta comoda y segura en su casa? NOSOTROS HACE AÑOS Q NO Y VEMOS MORIR DE HAMBRE A NIÑOS
I support helping Venezuela 100%. I do not want people to suffer because of rulers. I also don't want U.S. citizens to suffer similar future
thank so much
Hey Marco all those back room deals and Promises to vote for his little Healthcare and all you got was this pathetic letter
why r u so obsessed with Venezuela? Because the have oil?  Be concern with our people, REJECT #TrumpCare!
Pero si VE NUESTRO SUFRIMIENTO y lo necesitamos ud esta comoda y segura en su casa? NOSOTROS HACE AÑOS Q NO Y VEMOS MORIR DE HAMBRE A NIÑOS
Are you not concerned about Russian war against our country's voting?  Maybe you should be a little more involved with this issue
How about a VERY strong response to our fraudulent election?
45 is just taking notes, he won't respond. You are NOT paying attention, Senator.
... because no one gets to cheat except 45.
I'm sure Maduro is shaking seeing that Spineless Trump is about to give Dashas back to Putin.
focus on the US election and Russian interference
You worry about fraud vote in Venezuela but say nothing about Russian interference for a Republican candidate you no better than Castro
#hardworkinAmericans are hopeful you won't vote for the failing #HealthcareBill  and support #UniversalHealthCare
Why all the hate, people? 
You know, my family escaped from communist Cuba. You know that communists don't give up power that easy. Dead bodies fill the streets first
Gracias hermano ud pasará a la historia por desenmascarar a estos narcos y asesinos q tenemos aqui
Seriously?  What's wrong with you?
Yeah right. He'll celebrate him. @potus likes dictators.
not with communist dictators
Free Venezuela!   
Like you can predict what he will do
What about the millions of Americans without care that you will be giving a death penalty to
Thank you! #VenezuelaLibre
Let's deal with our own fraudulent vote little Marco, we seriously don't give a shit about #venezuela right now. #Mueller #impeach #prison
Sad that you seem to be more concerned about threats to Venezuelan democracy than the current threats to American democracy.
"fraudulent vote" The irony. You are my Senator and are complicit with the theft of the American vote! Eyes. Wide. Open
You don't seem the slightest bit concerned about RU and DT giving them back the compounds. JFC
By if you mean when @NicolasMaduro moves forward. And by strong response, it better be more than sanctions
But if @NicolasMaduro moves forward with fraudulent vote on 30th, expect a VERY strong response to #Venezuela govt from @POTUS 2/2
Of course, b/c POTUS is an expert on fraudulent elections.
Kind of like the Senate vote on the ACA... but the respnse will be from the 60% that dont support trump or his agenda. What side you on?
he will continue with his fraudulent process. Keeping power is the only way to delay justice. Take action!

From @POTUS??? Hahahaha - you are a silly little man @marcorubio - let's worry about OUR fraudulent vote 1st!! #25thAmendmentNow
@Juliococo x2

Happening right outside @ChrisVanHollen office in Hart building, just now! #KillTheBill #medicare4all 
Is this IRONY OR SARCASM?
From @POTUS ? Society has nothing to say?
Why would he care about a fraudulent election in Venezuela when he doesn't give a damn that a foreign hostile country tried to meddle in USA
USA had a fraudulent vote last November, the loser is in power now
America lost
Electing a criminal is a fraudulent vote
What happened to #Americafirst?
A peaceful and prosperous Venezuela would indeed be very beneficial for the United States. Venezuela is a  neighboring country.
When I heard #AmericaFirst, I thought it meant fix IL before intermeddling in a sovereigns private matter. But I agree, we need neighbors.
How do you fix Chicago if the voters there continue to elect the same do-nothing politicians?

2. The Administration claims that Medicaid is "not being cut."

Here's what governors were shown. 

"I'm begging, Senator Heller" - This woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
@POTUS will slam the hammer on @maduro. #FreeVenezuela

Poll: Which healthcare plan to you prefer? 

Fighting to protect New York’s health care system with @AGSchneiderman and @NYCMayor https://www.pscp.tv/w/bDuiRjIyNjcxMDN8MWRqR1hMZ3JxUFhHWgUK6oxwo8zvNg5FhU0N62dM9ZUaf6SKa6Vr0Qbo2k5b …

BCRA's impact on uninsured rate in the main wavering senators' states:

WV +299%…
Thanks for the support
