In addition, #IranDeal is only on nukes.It can't be that it requires us to ignore #Iran sponsorship of terror or advances in missiles. 2/3
I support @POTUS decision to decertify. Now Congress must either fix #IranDeal by creating triggers for sanctions or deal should end 3/3
Sen. Rubio..you are just repeating silly GOP talking points. I think you might lose in 2018.
LINKS:NARCOTRAFICANTES Gob. MADURO 
1-http://www.eluniversal.com/nacional-y-politica/140509/nueve-funcionarios-del-gobierno-venezolano-en-lista-de-narcotrafico-de …
2-https://www.elespectador.com/noticias/politica/revelan-lista-de-funcionarios-de-nicolas-maduro-acusado-articulo-581612 …
3-http://www.reportero24.com/2015/06/09/corrupcion-al-descubierto-los-narco-militares-chavistas/ …
4-http://www.cuentasclarasdigital.org/2017/08/el-expediente-criminal-de-la-justicia-de-eeuu-contra-el-regimen-de-maduro/ …
you realise they can be pushed into the arms of RU and sponsored by them overtly/covertly just like NK? how many enemies can the US afford??
When will you think for yourself and not be kissing up to the moron in the White House
DICTADURA NARCO GOBIERNO DE VENEZUELA COMO Tareck El Aissami, DIOSDADO CABELLO Y GENERAL PADRINO AL PARECER FINANCIAN TERRORISMO MUNDIAL
Just fix venezuela. They are the ones supporting Iran.
Just raise your hands and Force the Sun to Set Later!!!
I wish the sun would set on your career little Marco!
Shut up
Come on Marco- now you agree with the president??  Your better than that!!
What better deal does congress have? Nothing.
When we walk away from a deal, breaking the contract, what sort of message is sent about any future agreement with any country?
Have you read it?  Iran kept their word
You better be monitoring the President
People are upset that this Administration is doing exactly what its campaign ran on. go figure
Then fix it! Why is Trump doing everything Congress should be doing, without knowing what is he doing?
And before you all go postal, work to fix the deal while it is in place so that everyone is happy.  Don't make ignorant, uninformed threats.
And the typical @GOP response is that nothing is better than something. Is this how you people govern? Put some fucking work in.
So why would sunsetting it now and removing any enforcement by anyone be good ideas?
Not that I want to support the Iranians but Donald J Trump want to increase American nukes 10 fold don't you think other countries should??.
So you really think trump can get a better deal? There was a lifetime ban on nukes. Don’t let Trump ruin everything. He is dangerous.
If anyone thinks that their end goal is NOT to destroy Israel &US- they are swamp. We need to roll backtheir current capabilities
How does it address pre-existing conditions or do those people just have tonite the bullet and die because they can’t afford healthcare insurance?
You
Sorry I replied to the wrong subject I was referring to the ACA that Trump wrote an executive order to instead of abiding by the Senate’s action.
Proverb omitted this time by the LEPRECHAUN RUBIO
Bravo, Rubio! "We've interrupted this bible tutorial to bring you some governance." Keep it coming.
A deal is made by compromising.   Both sides feel they are better with the deal than without it.   That's how deals work.
How about Iran's continued support of Hamas and other terrorists in the region.. this agreement enabled them to expand their efforts...
Rapist filed false documents a fake marriage to get baby to abuse him. Pinellas county Fl.

Infant rape ! My baby!

https://www.facebook.com/100009144214814/videos/1857273587920764/ …
Zero backbone
When will Israel arsenal be inspected by UN inspectors for a fair n balance nuke free Middle East
So scrapping the plan is,a good thing because it isn't perfect. When did you become Bernie Sanders?
Eagerly Sen Rubio posts his opinion of #IranDeal. Has he an opinion on Bump Stocks? Ban or not? Come on Senator..tell us. Choose us or NRA.
You support everything Trump!Hopefully you will suffer for your blind support in your next election.
Guarantee you never even read the deal troll
What makes any idiot think that Iran isnt simply going to violate the #irandeal and hide the violations. The entire concept is stupid!
You know this means US word is worthless.  We cannot be trusted.
IAEA is not built for enforcement in any circumstance.
Only a moron would end the Iran deal & Trump is the moron!
So now they can continue to get nukes  like North Korea, great job, 2/3 of axis of evil will have nukes.
Whatever liddle Marco
You believe America will be safer by abrogating a treaty signed by US and allies?
It has delayed nukes.If you support NRA,why worry about countries developing nuclear weapons?Same thing. More Americans die from lone wolfs.
You are flawed Senator and your party is pathetic, the GOP has no leaders - you are following an ignorant reality TV Hack
Your objections then are, not that Iran is not complying, but that you don't like the deal. #playingpolitics
But Marco it was negotiated by the same good folks who worked diplomatically with N Korea in the 90’s. And look how great that worked out 
yes, little marco, we all know you bow to trump.playing the long game for Secretary of State at the expense of whats left of your integrity?
And we can always count on the GOP to come up with a better deal.
Yah they've done such a bang up job so far

And of course USA knows better than all the other countries involved? USA is sinking while the world watches on!
Every day that you stay silent abt his stance on TV stations is a day we get closer to being Venezuela
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!

Keep Trump from declaring War. Too much testosterone in DC.
Isn’t there a Bible quote for this? Fix it and don’t decertify. Is there anything Trump does that you would bite against? Wrong decision.
Where were you when deal was created? Missing in action. Too late to pick on Obama, you missed chance to be part of deal. No new deal.
He was arguing against it.
and fighting for a better deal
https://www.c-span.org/video/?325745-7/senator-rubio-iran-nuclear-agreement …
You havent noticed he's fucking crazy? Or are you willfully ignoring, for your god Mammon, for tax cuts for donors? 

#25thAmendmentNow
Then why do all his cabinet members tell us it would be unwise to decertify?  You have never liked it & would just as soon as Iran get nukes
CREATED BY THE TOP NUCLEAR SCIENTISTS WITH THE VERY HIGHEST I.Q.s OF THE ENTIRE WORLD, ALONG WITH LEADERS & OTHER SCHOLARS FROM 68 COUNTRIES
JETHRO MARCO RUBIO JETHRO TRUMP CLAMPETT CAN DO BETTER? JETHRO MARCO RUBIO CLAMPETT & TWIN JETHRO D.J. TRUMP CLAMPETT! BRAIN SURGEONS ....
BRAIN SURGEONS THAT ONLY WENT TO 6TH GRADE OF SCHOOL DO IT BETTER.  THEY HAVE GOOD WORDS & THEY GOT GOOD BRAINS! O KAY JETHRO & JETHRO!
We don't care what you think - you support Flake the Flake. Get out!
I get it you use bible verses because your own words suck. Merry Christmas
No Rube-o, the flaw is the US , hostile since Iran got rid of the US puppet Pahlavi, expecting any state so harmed to bow down in submission

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
Then why aren’t you out front leading? Cmon Marco speak up and raise some hell.

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 
And it EXISTS! !
Why has it taken you this long to say something about it
OK Sunday school over now? Puerto Rico what you gonna do about it. Florida power and light what you  gonna do about that
What an uninformed moron you are. Rubio was the first person in PR following the storm. Praised on the front page of all their papers.
You mention PR specifically. Don't try to get vague when facts make you look foolish.
Not vague at all he disappeared from Puerto Rico when it became an issue. Stood there in the beginning for the photo op. It's a 2 hour trip
https://twitter.com/Jenniffer2012/status/914472264300662784 …  - Weird the people who actually know say you are uniformed.
Gracias @marcorubio y Dr. Claudio Miró x toda la ayuda médica enviada hoy para Hospitales #PuertoRico mi equipo junto @USCG la entregáremos 
You're obsolete. You sold yourself to the NRA & the devil. Your words are meaningless.
And it's an unconstitutional treaty!
You need to help get that passed
I could think of 3 very serious flaws. #MORON, and the '25th Amendment'
Going back on our word hurts our credibility
You are a pathetic FAKE Christian.   Step down and delete your account.
