I'm outraged and horrified.  Now what?  Do you and McCain and Graham want us to bomb them too?
Whatever it takes to secure safe zones where children are not being slaughtered. If that means bombing airfields so chemical attacks
Awesome let's start WWIII so AMERICAN cities can be nuked. You want that warmonger?
I'm advocating for whatever force is necessary to ensure safe zones are setup to eliminate the genocide we have enabled. Deal with it.
how did we enable genocide in Syria?
Too few characters to detail here. But it goes back to the Arab Spring and the US failure to back peace seeking demonstrators in Syria.
Instead choosing to run military aid to rebels......all the way to the "red line". O admin was modeling Syria after Libya ffs.
Remember too though that RINOs contributed to this morass!
Too late you all sat on that compass when you elected Trump,an immoral narcissist steering the US straight towards rocks. Rubio man up!
A spineless shoe when you then lack the gonads of your convictions. Rubio, votes over principles
yeah, party before country. Career before country.
He was talking about morality. No morality in advancing climate change that is the planets greatest challenge
YES! YES!  YES!    Thank you and please continue to make this a priority.  We are in a position to do SOMETHING and we must do it now
Don't be deceived. He voted against it when Obama wanted to do it in the 1st chemical attack 2013.
Yeah....I hear you.  Politicians and bullshit go hand and hand. Even more reason to keep the heat on him, DJT, et.al. now and going forward!
@aspals US lost the compass with support of wahhabi terror groups in the last 20 y. #Taliban ... #ISIS. #SAA bombs a chemical rebel factory.
This goes back to Israel supplying and training mujahideen (anti western) Islamists in Afghanistan to fight USSR with US U.K. weapons
Yes, Regime change via islamic Rebels. Remember Rambo. 9'11. What US not understand west + east christian civilization is the enemy of #ISIS
Assad should go! But Isis needs to go first! Divide the evil in your body and discard that which is most evil first!
Why did you vote against an attack on Assad in 2013? That chemical attack was even bigger...#YouAreAfraud
3000 years of war in the Middle East. Remove him and another monster takes his place. Democracy doesn't work in some places.
They have been fighting this war for 100s of years.
There are no good guys in into support. Ruthless dictator or terrorist backed rebels. Let the @UN deal with it.
You've been on propaganda diet too long
Go ahead and defend the values of America and human rights everywhere. Now turn off #AssadChemicals. The Syrians need your support and help.
Do we know for certain that Assad used the gas? Proof? He is winning the civil war, so has no need to use it @marcorubio
A great deal of indepth analysis proves he did so before.So SHUT UP w the 'he's winning so why?' game. 4 him its easy way 2 put an end to it
Agree Senator but you must look beyond the removal and have in place a trusted government.  Have anyone or group in mind?  Imperative!
The opcw is still investigating, they have not gone to Shayrat, and yet we launched cruise missiles. Who is rational here?
Thank you for speaking up for Syrians. We must do something.
Don't be deceived. He voted against it when Obama wanted to do it in the 1st chemical attack 2013.
and confirmed Tillerson who DID NOTHING ABOUT THIS
We set adrift the day Garland was refused a vote; and completely lost our moral compass the day Trump was inaugurated. We are an Oligarchy.
Sorry, Senator. You've lost your compass. We all have.
Don't forget that Trump wants to pillage the mideast for oil; and I'm sure his Secy of State the ExxonMobil exec is all about that too!
There is an excess of oil already, you're about 10 years behind the times
As long as #AssadPutin weren't stopped an expelled from #Syria by force.
It's just words. 
#SyriaGasAttack #SyriaChemicalAttack #US #UN
Don't be deceived. He voted against it when Obama wanted to do it in the 1st chemical attack 2013.
I'lll assume ur a troll who knows damn well an ACTUAL INVESTIGATION proved al NUSRA used those chems on kidnapped Syrians.

Show the images of our children being abused and raped by illegals right here in the US you damn clown!
Illegals need to go! Focus on America first or go back to being a lawyer!
This means Saudi Arabia and @georgesoros owns little Marco.
A liar
...aaand that's why you weren't elected president. No more Iraq's
Here's an idea - You, along with every elected official and bureaucrat in DC can go fight Assad by yourselves.
He eats babies for breakfast too. So many valid reasons Assad must go. Ground invasion time  #Bringback1939. oh yeh baby. #GoRubio
Can we admit Syrian refugee children now?
What he should say is, "Imagine you are in ISIS and using your child as a shield and the gas you had stored killed him when it was bombed."
We did not HIT Syrians... only crippled Assad's ability to gas his own people, a little bit.  Calm down people!
WTF happened when Saddam, Gaddafi, Mubarak "had to go"?!?! Christian genocide. That's what. BTW: the White Helmets are LIARS!
Okay, fine. What replaces him?
Lying warmonger. There has been no investigation. There is no proof. All propaganda to push a political agenda. Disgusting.
You guys have got to stop beating the war drum.  Did you not get the message in NOV?  We voted against this kind of stuff.
jew Cohen and Kushner have pushed out nationalist Bannon. # withjewsyoulose
Thank You for Your knowledge and support!  #MAGA 
If my daughter died in a war you promoted, because you thought women should be drafted, I would never accept your leadership.
There is plenty of outrage, but also questions of motive and reasoning behind attack. Questions need to be answered for the people.
Shut up that's how u guys destroyed Libya since killing Ghadafi can you tell me D present president of Libya? The same thing u wnt in Syria
Just take out their chemicals. leave them alone. NO WAR! NO WAR! NO WAR! NO WAR! Imagine that ur child fighting&dying NO WAR!
TRANSLATION-There needs to be war so I can get my pay off from the Globalists that control me!Signed Your servant Marco Rubio
No senator we dont want a war in Syria. Toppling regimes will radicalize more people. Assad was winning. Chemical attack wasnt him
Assad needs to go so isis and the Muslim brotherhood can take over! Got it, brilliant plan. We gonna bomb them when they rape 200 9 yr/olds?
Yeah, but when the killing was in #Rwanda no one gave a rip.
#SyriaStrikes
No sir. You know as well as I that it is the rebels aka ISIS that did this to get the US to fight Russia. NO! We do NOT need to fight Assad!
@SenRubioPress does understand that being butt-buddies with Putin's and removing Assad are mutually exclusive, right?
Because Russia bought Trump (and by proxy the election) fair and square, and they will now expect geopolitical payoff.
Can you please advocate for admitting Syrian refugees to the US?
Based on history, and the corruption going on in the WH, and ties with Russia, can we please ascertain WHO used chemicals and for what end.
Punk wants a war he will never physically or financially fight. Feh.
NO one is believing this shit. Diplomacy first!! Go to Assad and talk. For f*cks sake!
NO MORE WAR$
Step one: Remove Trump...
This fool didn't even want to be Senator anymore. Rubio can take a stadium full of seats.
If you had shown even half the passion to help America you would have gotten votes.
You have to rid the Syrian people of chemical Bashar and his criminal gang should not be limited to a limited strike saved
Repeat of the 2013 false flag. Are you so easily tricked by a fake video? or you on the neocon banwagon about the pipeline?
HAVE YOU ALL FORGETTEN ABOUT IRAQ AND LIBYA? REGIME CHANGE DOESN'T WORK.
Putin knew exactly how to manipulate @POTUS 'US attacks will have consequences' - Trump's ego is a national security risk @FBI @DHSgov @GOP
Well said!!
... but... clean water in Flint!?!
Nobody joined any radical group within 24 hours of attack. We have NO idea who bombed those kids. Droppin' bombs just like Obama admin.
What about when we bomb hospitals all over thw world or give weapons to the rebels who kill innocent civilians?
Don't know if Assad has to go. Just be replaced by someone maybe worse. He just has to stop using chemical weapons. ME always fighting.
This is a very historical position ..thanks and do not forget Iranian regime dictatorship
.@SenRubioPress

Do Jews ever let you think for yourself, midget?
Nayirah once all over again.
Thanks Assad is crazy
Yet you have no problem making millions of Americans lose healthcare.
And you don't know it's fucking Assad yet
Coalition aircraft have killed kids, here is proof , imagine that? They drop a fucking bomb on a 4 year old kid
7 years, kids have been killed now your desperate to kill more.
Yes, the compassionate thing is to go kill 500,000 civilians
I'd love to hear you and the other neocons explain what the fuck happens after Assad goes
#cdnpoli #uspoli #pnpcbc #UKpolitics Please note World. Rubio ready for war after watching an al Qaeda #SyriaHoax video!
I don't think we defeat ISIS by helping ISIS (who I believe did the chemical attack) take out Assad.
 @SenRubioPress
Is that what your handler Paul Singer told you to say?
Then go thee and fight the war yourself instead of using kids like my son just so you neo-con cowards can remain in power.
Fuuny thing: You think by faving your foreign friends gas and expose childen that you think the rest of the country would believe it.

#9/11
Yes Rubio,do you see these images?? http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/us-air-strikes-mosul-230-civilians-killed-dead-isis-held-iraq-battle-islamic-state-a7646011.html …  Imagine if your a father and our child has just been bombed and killed by US
Sen. Rubio are you going to Syria to fight the war you are backing? I DONT THINK SO.
Here's how we do it without a full scale military intervention
#NoBombZone
This is a well planned out Good God i dont know what. Our enemies are to close to us not far away
You need to be a special kind of idiot to think Assad used chemical weapons in a war he is winning. Has nothing to gain from it, rebels has
Yes there needs to be outrage against the "rebels" that have used chemical weapons multiple times already, that the US is sponsoring
stop assad killer...help syrian people
nice speech, hopefully is gonna become an action!
Lifelong Republican voter. We've had enough of this shit. This is why we elected Trump. If Trump turns neocon, we WILL turn on him. Stop it.
Dejen de hacer payasadas y de inventar excusas para las acciones militares que han planificado, menos circo por favor...
If only you showed this kind of concern for American lives.
If only you cared about immigration so much.
Thank you for telling the truth thank you for standing for what's right
Damn dude uve got small hands
I see the images. Images are images. The Palestinians create fake videos all the time. Who will hire the US to be police? $ up front.
What was a child doing hanging out at an obvious rebel facility , what citizen hides his truck in a tunnel ?

go suck some dik Rubio !
It's not our responsibility to fix everything in the world little Marco. Who are you to say who comes and goes.Let the Syrians figure it out
I wonder if this is about an alliance between Israel/Saudi Arabia where Saudi's get pipeline and Israel gets land?
Are we sure this wasn't an orchestrated false flag?
But this is pro choice and okay?
Wait which dead babies are we going to war over?
What are the American national interests at stake with Syria?
Nobody wants your #FalseFlag neocon war. How much is Israel paying you to spout this propaganda?
WE DO NOT NEED TO ARM FUCKN TERRORISTS!!!
NO MORE FOREIGN ENTANGLEMENTS, You war monger.
Things I don't care about as an American: Syria's leadership. I pray for them and hope they get it figured out, but we have our own probs.
Americans should be happy you didnt get elected you toy soldier
@SenRubioPress - I think you should talk to your boss about that.
didn't HRC say the same thing during the campaign?
Remember Dems are doing anything &everything 2bring down Trump.Theres no bottom 2evil they will resort 2. Guess need to incl. neocons too
Shut the fuck up
You're one classy guy.
Classier than regime change! And i won't kill innumerable people, either.
That little twerp's blustering about something so reckless and violently stupid just brings it out of me
Five years you, along with our British government, had the chance to impose sanctions, but Russia & China bullied the @UN to do nothing!
Brave & Well said, all what need to be said. Assad regime existence is the biggest generator for terriosts directly & indirectly
@elkadi_sami proud of you senator Rubio , we have to stand for what's right , keep it up
Instead of holding a presser, how about telling Trump and Tillerson to do something.
This is not the first time Assad has used chemical warfare against children. Yes, outrage and yes we have lost our moral compass as a nation
Just what I was warning about yesterday:
@geoecon We lost our compass on November 8.
Obviously he would've made a better US president.
because the last time we fought a war to overthrow a dictator it worked out so well for us right?
Very much spot on! Its the only fact! If he goes all by- products will be eliminated in very short time
@ajboekestijn en wat is er dan precies post-Assad ?
Didn't you just sign a letter to the #POTUS asking for him to support legalizing discrimination against #lgbtq Americans?  Nice compassion.
Umm how do u know Assad did it ? Aren't u an attorney ?
Our compass was lost when we started to let religion into our political world! Religion sucks! Get it out of our government!
Read your CDC manuals on Sarin Gas management. That person carrying that child should be dead. We tried this in 2013, fake then, fake now.
Best of luck in convincing this administration to act against Putin.
I have little faith after his vote for Tillerson, but I'd be surprised if he voted against military action vs. Assad (it's kinda his thing)
They got to you as well? Comply or else? The #Rebels have been armed & funded terrorists from Day 1. Ask yourself, why would #Assad do this?
Bull shit. Stop the war mongering
Ur country is a war criminal as well.U brought terror in the middle east with ur wars full of lies.Accept this and do something now!!!
how many Americans need to die for everyone elses problems?How about we let someone else die to keep the world safe a while.
We voted for no more war.

Swim back to Cuba.
When are you volunteering for frontline duty Senator?
Only if you resign from Congress and put on a uniform.
Senator, instead supporting Kurdish terrorists in Syria, u might move together with Turkey a real ally! USA s been a terror supporter state!
Stop asking our men and women to die in far away countries that have little or nothing to do with us.
I agree with you about Assad and Putin...
You've lost it long time ago
