Vote NO!
Didn't feel like inviting or talking with any patient advocacy groups, huh?
Nothing to sort through! The bill is terrible and anyone who votes for it is morally bankrupt.
First explain the "better care" part. I can die if there are cuts or caps to Medicaid. I will certainly lose my freedom. #SaveMedicaid
Vote NO!
Oh yes, I'm sure that was SOOO helpful.
Ask. Your. Constituents.
So gov Scott showed up to demand that Fl not lose gov money even though he never supported ACA. He is a crook and youare a shill
Thank you Marco I have complete trust in you and know you will do what is best for FL also Gov Scott!! My health is in your hands!!
My condolences
My 6-yr-old niece was born w/ kidney disease. She will lose insurance when you vote to give billionaires a tax cut. How can you be Christian
The Christians in charge are of the same mentality as those Christians who led the Crusades. They care nothing for the lives of children.
#America @marcorubio 
#MedicareandSocialSecurity is #NOTtheProblem!
The #ProblemIsMedicaidExpansion
#ObamacareBankruptedUSTheMiddleClass!
Your constituents would also like to see better health care. Too bad taking insurance away from 1+ million Floridians is not #BetterCare
Your constituents would liike to meet with you to talk about our healthcare also. Please respond to our calls.
50% of seniors in nursing homes in Florida depend on Medicaid. Senate cuts to Medicaid hurt seniors.
Vote NO on this bill.
This bill is not just a bad deal for FLorida or a bad deal for the US its about as Unamerican as you can get.
Perfect. Experts at health care fraud @FLGovScott will be experts at hoodwinking citizens in GOP "health care" charade. Jesus weeps.
You should come to Florida and ask your constituents in person. Maybe have a few townhall meeting on July break. Shock us
Scott nor Rubio care about the people of Florida. They just care about their careers.
Please, do not cut medicaid. Fight for the people of the country and not Washington lobbyists... We need healthcare!
Rick Scott made millions on Medicare fraud and u are taking his advice??? Just go to hell.
Please vote NO on this bill.
You're going to do what your daddy Sheldon tells you to do, don't act like these mopes are any help.
@marcorubio I hope you vote no. It will effect the life of my child. Voting yes you will have blood on your hand because you are killing FL
The last thing Rick Scott cares about is better health, or any other kind of, care for Florida citizens.
Right. Scott cares about himself and lining his own pockets.
Please protect Veterans, Seniors, the Sick and the Poor. What is there to sort through?
Oh is this why I have been unable to reach a human at your office over the past three days? The choice is clear. Vote no! Vote no for FL!
When you seek advice from those favoring tax cuts to the wealthy in exchange for health care for the needy, the result is predictable.
Unfortunately you have already sold the US and FL to DT.  But yieppy you got to finally ride on Air force 1. Hope it was worth it
I want to know were you stand on this evil healthcare bill! Do you do you have any idea how many people in the state of FL are on Medicare
Nothing to sort through.  Vote no on this garbage.
Sending staff? How about an old-fashioned phone call? Video conference? Who paid for this trip?
Anything less than a full repeal and return to free market will hurt Floridians. Premiums and deductibles will rise on middle class.
And a full repeal will just take it away from the middle class and give it to the richest
Too bad they couldn't bring you a spine.
I hope you remember that out of the 22,000,000 that will lose healthcare, some of those are your own constituents that voted for you.
Do you plan to vote in favor of this bill Thursday?
If anyone knows Medicaid its @FLGovScott! Oh wait...He knows Medicare too...hes a "Fraud Specialist" right?
We are counting on you all to take care of the people - all people. Access to health care should not be a privilege. Please do what's right!
You know that this will be devastating to Floridians, young, old and disabled.  Vote NO!
There should be a twelve month waiting period for any insurer who left a market for 63 days or more before they can return.
And hopefully repair it so Florida seniors don't get burned by higher premiums and deductibles, lower coverafpge policies.
Till, hmm means sumthing R y'all serious, it pass the house and the Senate gonna save the da??? Old Washington drama??? Blah???
Yeah looking to global warming while you're at a genius
Yeah, because they did such a great job screwing up Florida education. #NOVICES #HB7069 #PitchforksAndTorches #50thNoMore #Floriduh
Show some backbone for once.  Vote NO.
Probably said too generous, need to cut more benefits so your buddies can get a bigger tax cut.
By the way im tired of hearing how US taxes are highest in the world. Ever heard of VAT?
Just listen to your constituents this bill is an injustice to the American people. Please vote NO!
Vote no on disastrous GOP healthcare bill, 49 million Americans without healthcare by 2026! Put people over party! Vote no! 16% approval.
I grew up as a Republican and I dont even understand yall anymore. 22 million people losing hc? Have yall lost your minds or your souls?
Why would you take any advise from the Prince Scott of Fraud, Trump being King of FRAUD! VOTE "NO" & stand up for Florida!
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP
49 million will lose healthcare.
Appreciate you doing the due diligence on this bill. We're counting on you!
This is great! Glad you all are talking about it. But the end result is the Republicans need to vote yes once people tweak it a little.
I realize it's an annoyance for you, but it'd be nice if you'd actually talk to the people who elected you & who will be affected by ACHA.
Do no harm, senator. Vote no!
Please think of 22 million people who will be devastasted by this bill, including mothers, children & the elerly & vote no.
Really smart to ask them, Marco.  Since this bill throws the Medicaid funding to states. Like immi being thrown to local police.
Marco Orejas Rubio sold his soul for that Cuba deal.
Rick Medicare Fraud Scott? I would not trust him with my dogs healthcare.
I would NEVER trust scott with any living creature's health care.
Free market. How hard is that to figure out?
And? It's time to tell your constituents whether you're a yes or no.
What is there to look at. 22 million lose insurance..Medicaid gets gutted. People will die. Simple answer Rubio. SAY NO!
Why don't you meet with constituents?! WOMEN?! SInce this was crafted by 13 more white MEN!!!
@ReaganBattalion @FLGovScott @joenegronfl @richardcorcoran You could have just asked me : 99% of Floridians will be worse off
Please explain to your constituent , me, gentlemen what exactly #bettercare is . Or better yet , maybe I should explain it to you ?
Are you kidding? They all want to cut Medicaid more! Why not just dump your #Florida nursing home pop on the streets?
Your constituents are waiting to find out what you are going to do.
Pls explain how this plan is better.  Elder will  pay more. Sick children who can't afford to pay the bills are going to loose coverage
22,000,000
It's a crap sandwich and we're not taking a bite, so if you want it, you'll eat it alone @marcorubio
So how are you voting.....why will you not answer?
22,000,000
Vote No on this insane, horrible plan.
Who's side are you on?! Sellout! http://freedomdaily.com/24-hours-rubio-met-ivanka-sick-islamic-secret-comes-hes-hiding-months/ …
