Ditto , but us republicans wants change and we will change the world!!  God will indeed be our leader though the people elected!!
Those thugs are being funded by US money, almost 1M bpd Venezuelan oil exported to the US, it is obvious the money is not going to the needy
@Sororita @NicolasMaduro Thank you very much We need that the world know who are killings in Venezuela. Maduro is evil
Nicolas Maduro: a killer! A coward!
Just remember that, when we all protest trump. His popularity is sinking like the titanic. You republicans hold such hypocritical views.
you CAN'T compare Trump with a communist dictatorship..! we have no food, medicines, basic civil and economic liberties!
No hay alguna sancion que puedas proponer contra el gobierno malandro de maduro? Como no comprar mas petroleo. Es urgente la situacion aqui
Estan matandoooo al pueblo.
Maduro is KILLING to the people in Venezuela  , please S.O.S.
None of our business!!
Please do not let this go any further! Venezuela is a nation desperate seeking for HELP. Why is everybody talking about North Corea??
Mr. Rubio, you know from experience how brutal a dictator can be! I really feel that the international community is forgetting Venezuela!
Want my vote?  Quit worrying about Venezuela, Columbia, Cuba – and that "Wall" – and work for us in FL.  SAD
FYI:  When are you going to visit South Palm Beach County?  I don't mean Mar-a-Lago - but your voters.
Civilian militias are being organized by dictators in several Latin Counties to harm INNOCENT PPL. Time to stop genocide before is too late
SOS Venezuela enfrenta la dictadura criminal asesinos de estudiantes
Thanks Marquito for denouncing Venezuelan situation. All the best
LA OPOSICIÓN DEBE ORGANIZAR GRUPOS DE DEFENSA CON LA MISMA CAPASIDAD DE COMBATE QUE TIENEN LOS COLECTIVOS ESO ES USAR LA LEGÍTIMA DEFENSA
Venezuela is right here in America, very sorry to say... shame on the international community. Tomorrow can be any country! Please HELP Venz
And not about Venezuela???

Sen. Burr lied about being capable of executing a bipartisan investigation. He should not only recuse himself, but also resign in shame. https://twitter.com/Isikoff/status/856495690809311232 …
No seas ridículo y mentiroso. Las bandas fascistas y terroristas son pagadas por Dpto. de Estado y la CIA. #VenezuelaSeRespeta.
unpopular?
A LOT
@nytime is #Venezuela is in USA?mind ur business
Thanks ! please dont forget #Colombia crying for justice and real peace. It is walking to same Castro-path! #SantosColombiaNoTeQuiere HELP!
I know that you my not even see my tweets! But if you do please think about how this evil people are killing Venezuelans daily. HELP Venezl
ahem... Armed civilian bands in the United States prop up unpopular and inept President.
Go back to your job taking are of the Cocaine dealer's watch dog, Marcocito. You are worse than useless in Congress.
Meanwhile...in America, armed civilian bands of thugs try to #resist democratically elected President and violate speech and assembly rights
focus on your own- investigate Trump and his ties to Russia
GRACIAS MARCOS:NO NOS ABANDONES:MILLONES DE VENEZOLANOS QUEREMOS LIBERTAD
You lead one to believe that the good people of Venezuela are being victimized - and resisting extortion
As opposed to a popular dictator?  
Great job today on MTP
Socialism's end result on a country. Our young people are taught that Socialism is good by our lying Profs and teachers. Stop the insanity.
This is just like you guys prop up Trump.  What is your point? Did you not notice, Trump insults U.S. allies and praises dictators.
"GOP" DEA WAR FASCIST SWAMP CRIMINALS,RACKING UP 9T/yr&FURTHER 100'sMILLS OF DEA VICTIMS SINCE NIXON,ANTI-JESUS,ANTI-CONSTITUTION/DEMOCRACY!
Trump fraternizing with Maduros people in Mar-A-Largo.  Under investigation.  You WILL GO DOWN IF U SUPPORT HIM.
Gracias mil Marco por tu apoyo de siempre a la libertad y democracia en Venezuela.
At least Their protesters have a real beef and skin in the game. Ours are putting energy into tantrums
TY Senatorfor bringing
attention to #Venezuela 
I #FOLLOW @libertylatina
who is doing her best to
help the people
Armed Civilian Bands of thugs in #Venezuela Prop Up Unpopular dictator @NicolasMaduro https://nyti.ms/2pPtm6b 
They have been for years now
@ReaganBattalion @NicolasMaduro @realDonaldTrump  ShortyRubio is a trouble maker&works 4evilempire 2destroy dpeace in Venezuela
But trump inauguration campaign took big donations from people with ties to Venezuela government
What are you doing about it ? Get Nicky Haley to make a statement at the UN!! Reporter was arrested and beaten yesterday.
How can anybody in their right mind supports any statement GOP says.when They don't question the Man with the Football
Stupendously Ignorant Law Makers in DC Prop Up Unpopular President. There I fixed it for you.
Coming soon to Harrisburg, PA.
#America's First???
PrayingforVenezuela
Not your words
It means nothing coming from the likes of you.
People are fools, can't think for themselves. Let's forget history, remove everything that might OFFEND ppl and drive them nuts. #brainless
I'm more worried about a thug named Trump that's ruining our country.
Maduro must die
Citing the "failing" @nytimes as your source. What will your "daddy" say?
that is how civil wars start.. that is how the Syrian civil war started
No way.. there is only one armed side, the goverment.
sure but in Syria that was also the case in the beginning
Armed ideological extreme bands of Republicans #WashingtonDC Prop Up Unpopular dictator @realDonaldTrump

Thank you! Thank you! But we need action and more pressure from the international arena, specially United State. Appreciate your support
Thank you for keeping this horrible situation in the forefront of our minds. Very serious situation for all concerned.
@marcorubio Much like you and the GOP cronies. Watching you on Meet the Press and you can't even truthfully answer a question. #RESISTANCE
@marcorubio if you continue to look the other way on #TrumpRussia, we'll soon have armed Trump thugs in our streets
#kleptocracy #resist
So what. Russia is not a communist country?  Your thoughts?

#humanrights violations in #Venezuela are severe and include #Americans like @freejoshholt in jail since June w/o charges or trial.
Necesitamos que se lleven a todos los Narco Terroristas de Venezuela.
Uninformed bands of thugs prop up unpopular would be dictator in #America
Marco, more focus in FL and less elsewhere!! Miami and Ft. laud are disasters of cities, more attention here little Marco!!
Sounds like USC Berkley
And you are doing what? Posturing? Using as yet another excuse to 'fund raise'? Yet no town halls. Your greed knows no boundaries. Coward.
Marcocito Rubio helps prop up unpopular would-be American dictator @realDonaldTrump
Sounds familiar- like the rally of white supremacists that support Trump or those that paraded a confederate flag after his election?
Govt of Venezuela always been corrupt...chavez stole from the ppl n maduro did same - its socialist. Change your govt leadership!
Will you be bringing him into Mar  o Lago to buy a condo from Trump?.
la realidad es que nuestro pueblo muere en las calles por represion del gobierno pero tu presidente tiene afines con maduro
Maduro es muerte es un invasor ni siquiera es venezolano y está robando la riqueza de este país para darla a Cuba
Focus on Florida Little Marco.
sera que esta tranquilo maduro con esto?? @nawebona
Many things happening right now that none have n idea, they are freeing killers from penitentiaries to shoot citizens
Huh kind of like trump supporters supporting our fascist dictator.... wake up little marco ( isn't that trump pet name for you)
Listen MARCO....we do NOT live in Venezuela ....mind OUR business you little fool
Si la comunidad internacional no actúa en Venezuela pronto seremos Siria Siria
Igual que en Siria
Understood citizenry unarmed.  Weapons now given back to Pres supporters
Sounds like a Trump Rally
Well...This sounds familiar. UC Berkeley even has..Masks and uniforms. Venezuela thugs probably couldn't afford them
Unarmed civilian bands of voters vote out unpopular politician in hiding @marcorubio
~ Just saying Mark..." You post serious matter and over 50% of comments are frivolous!" #904
#Hero/BobSmith/LaDrangValley
We out here in mid america feel the same way about the GOP, esp.  Ryan and McConnell. They should have stood up to Trump.
Yo Rube, we know you GOP fascists don't care about people of Venezuela. Cut the BS, do something to help non-rich Americans for a change.
Venzuela is very dear to my  My fear is tht YOU will let happen here what is happening thr cause U refuse to deal with the puppet in the WH
~ Good Morning Mark..." Yes, Venezuela is for all practical purposes a failed state."
Not too dissimilar to trumps thugs at his rallies.oh of course protesters do not have a right to free speech at trump rallies. Ring a bell??
typical politician
Intervengan Ya! #FueraMaduro #FueraElDictador Genocida! @NicolasMaduro El Pueblo ya No te teme! #VenezuelaLibre
Tough times. Here GOP props up  unpopular Trump w/Dictatorial tendencies. 
He threatens our rights YOU say Nothing #hypocrisy
No dear,the only one that threatened our rights and freedom was and is Obama. Maduro's and Castro's benefactor.
First: I am not your dear. Don't know you, don't want to.
Second: Obama was not benefactor. Where's your proof?
Finally we agree on something!!!! Thank you for bringing attention to this.
I am sure they are getting paid well.
Paid bands of criminals that will lose privileges in a democratic country.
I'm sure george soros is paying them too, right?
Civilians armed w fake news prop up US dictator....
I get their struggle and the US can sympathize because we have a a dictator as well, which you continue to remain cowardly silent on
we have no dictator! You are clueless. So am I when it comes to dictatorship. Grow up.
In #Venezuela there's not right political parties. The called 'opposition' is leftist like tiranic regime.
That's how October revolution started in czarist Russia. We know decades of torture and oppression that followed it.
Necesitamos ayuda
My country's former government (Brazil's Workers Party) and Latin America's left created this.
Venezuela needs help! Maduro needs to go.
Absolutely
Similar to vigilante border nutjobs in Texas or Arizona
People ask for your help soon
Thank you @marcorubio  for your humanitarian attention !! 
Our dictator is unpopular too.  What are you going to do about it? #VoteThemOut
Nancy get a grip. Just bc u like libs and u lost this is not a dictatorship WE WON LIVE WITH IT as we did with Nobama
So sad. You cannot take defeat and act with honor. Maybe you live in Berkeley? Masked and smashing heads of unbelievers?
Hahahaha Another delusional deplorable.. Back in your basket.. Bwahahaha!!
Delusional? That's the best you can do. Calling names. What happened to "we go high"?
