Be mindful of Gerasimov, Trump, Tillerson, Bannon.
Trump owns percentage of company that makes the missiles that were fired in Syria. Missiles did Not destroy runways. Chemicals not secured!
If Russia strikes back it will be the right thing to do since AmeriCain used chemicals to burn holes in my child fair justice?
Marco en Vzla están reprimiendo la PNB-GNB - colectivos motorizados tirando bombas lacrimógenas caducadas  como en Siria HELP ! PLEASE
Could you please explain to your constituents what the air strikes in Syria accomplished? Besides moving dirt around and annoying others?
Pity the commander in chief is a complete simpleton with Putin pulling his strings. Bigger pity that you supported him.
Really Marco we're gonna turn acts of war into hashtags, glad to see we've stooped so low as a nation. #wtf
Gutless Trump wd not know how to fight anything, uses Fox for info, now he has no plan. And YOU let him get away with this. Be a man Rubio
#FireBannon

 “Marco Rubio PAC took $1 million from Ukrainian businessman ” by @CrazyCatLadyFL
America does not need another war despite what president Bannon says!  Little Marco pandering again. American lives are at stake L. M.
Bannon OPPOSES intervention in Syria. That's why he was sidelined from Natl Sec Council. He was the only opposition to this war crime.
Trump opposed Syria involvement too, until he didn't. There is no credibility in the Trump administration. Just another costly quagmire.
Same situation in 2013 and attempted US military response. Yet Rubio voted against this resolution. Politics.
George Bush argued against: "Firing a $2m missile into a $10 tent hitting a camel in the butt". No chemicals destroyed or runways. Hmmm
Also, the aid workers who were not masked, etc. would have also suffered the effects. COL(R) Bob Faille
And what about condemning Judges when they say it's OK to rape my children? Would that be demoralizing or speaking the truth from your ?
Aren't you working on killing more babies then hitler? With your approval by not lifting a finger to stop baby killing?
Thank you for supporting our POTUS. America stands strongly with him! God Bless President Trump and the USA!!!
White guys having wargasims
LITTLE MARCO HAPPY WITH THE WITH YOUR CLOWN FRIEND 
and God Bless Lafayette! undt Baron von Steuben and our Continentals.
You can compliment our military and the Republican right wing base still won't embrace you. #sadforyou @ananavarro
Eventually Cubans in Miami @ananavarro  and @marcorubio will get the picture that they are not welcome in the Republican party. #deportrubio
Why do u cede your congressional authority so willingly. Where is the authority for this incursion?
What he did by not consulting congress is actually an impeachable offense,and one can LEAD TO DICTATORSHIP. Not okay  @SenateGOP #facts
Cheering him for not getting congress approval before airstrike sets precedent for dictatorship,stop putting your stupid party before people
I have reasons to believe that the chemical weapons attack was a false flag
we thank all those men and women who served during this time of protecting our freedoms
Rubio is a fucking hypocrite when it comes to the presidential use of military force.
You support a Russian colluding regime, that attached you as well???
How do you sleep at night, knowing your children,grandkids will have a filthier less tolerable US. Brink of a Nuke war
OH shut up. The amount of $ to move and secure all staff is obscene.#RESISTANCE #ImpeachTrump
OPSEC? JS
JAIRO ORTIZ.
Birthdate:
02/09/1997.
(I was only 19 years old)
JAIRO ORTIZ.
Fecha de Nacimiento:
02/09/1997.
(Solo tenía 19 Años de vida)
JAIRO ORTIZ.
1997 / 2017. 
19 AÑOS.
Este es el joven que asesinó Nicolas Maduro y Diosdado Cabello.
QUEREMOS JUSTICIA PARA ESTOS ASESINOS.
La justicia de Vzla no hace nada!
Senador, el régimen de nicolas maduro nos están matando! Ayer nos mataron a un compatriota muy joven, c llamaba JAIRO ORTIZ.
Hable con Trump
Senador Marco, soy un Venezolano q pido en Nombre de mi País q por favor haga todo lo posible para que intervengan a nuestra Patria,pleas!
El video audio del joven asesinado por el régimen de Maduro y Diosdado Cabello.
JAIRO ORTIZ.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BSmMRw3lIij/ 
The audio video of the young man killed by the regime of Maduro and Diosdado Cabello.
JAIRO ORTIZ.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BSmMRw3lIij/ 
HYPOCRITES
NOT Florida. I'm a Floridian & this is horrible. You & @POTUS are #hypocrites. You care nothing for those people, only your agenda #resist
Yup, left the sarin and the runways intact for Assad to keep using. What a victory.
You are as irrelevant as they get both on and off the presidential campaign.
.@marcorubio @CENTCOM He has realised that boats float right?
Hypocrit. Lackey. Yes-man. Sycophant.
It all applies to you.
Not a single one of those good men and women have respect for you.
How mucch do you get paid under table  to betray US people and support murder of Innocent Syrians ? Your a puppet like Mcain for satan
You should be our President!! #Rubio 2020
Why do you want war? Thirsty for it? Dominate, control, money, petro dollars? You don't have to. Diplomacy and working together. Russia will
Nice mr neocon of course you support this. You did meet with terrorists before.
This was pre-arranged with Putin and you know it
Thanks for the #WagTheDog sceniario... #syrianairstrike
You only support this strike because GOP Pres. But you said No with Obama. You chickencrap!
And remember almost all of these soldiers come from the households that the republicans ignore,not from ultra rich.
Stop using our Floridian kids as cannon fodder
While you took $2 Million from Ukraine for your PAC. 
YOu Marco are a rat.
ISIS and all the jihadists are celebrating how easily you all were fooled into fighting for them.
That's funny little Marco in 2013 you didn't support them at all
Little Marco where do u stand on anything that is right? Maybe u should go back to Cuba. We don't need ur kind here in the land of the free.
What about naming the ships and their commander Marco?
Thank you Mr Rubio for supporting our military.
Oh little Marco, so pathetic!
#Dumbass Hypocrite!

#ImpeachTrump
You do realize Marco that the missile strike was a failure right? It didn't destroy the Chemical weapons & civilians / children were killed
Can you contain your excitement, Mr. Warmonger? I'm quite sure you don't give a rat's ass about the Syrians.
Where was Rubio in 2013? He voted against the measure, saying "I am unconvinced that the use of force  proposed here will work."
It's not Assad it's the ideology it won't end, so control it
But you were deadset against it before... What changed?
You are right on one thing Senator. Trump is the root cause of the Assad Chemical attack.
Fireworks go big boom boom. Right, Mark?
"proud to host" a strike that resulted in loss of life? Does God tell you more killing is righteous?
Proud to host the Syrian air strike? This is not a fucking Amway convention lil Marco. Focus on the true threat to our democracy will you?
What is wrong with you? Shame on anyone who volunteers to serve if THIS is what our military is up to... #NoRegimeChangeWars
#TrumpRussia #nowars
Proud to "host" #SyrianStrike ??? Really bad choice of words!
Florida is proud to host CENTCOM. But I'm sure you knew how to read the tweet & just wanted to be a liberal sh@t!!
This from a politician that is scared to hold town hall meetings in his own State!
Yep, following those unconstitutional orders to strike without Congressional approval.
I'm sure they feel great about that. <sarcasm>
I hope Papa Donny gave you a Werther's for how sweet you've been
Hosted in #florida ??? Like a party? Credit to those in the #situationRoom in Washington
Thank God for you! I respect you and completely support you and President Trump For this action on Syria! God Be with you both!
I agree with Senator Rubio- the future of the Republican Party.  Great job-military professionals- They make us great.
#littlemarco
Why not help those children get to the US rather than bombing the shit out of their country. You guys have no moral integrity
I'm not, quit applauding war crimes.
You know that Russian puppet is making money off the Presidency in Mar-A-Lago, Florida. Are you ok with that? Proud?
Little Marco didn't you vote against Syria strikes when Obama asked for it?
Little marco that something U never done  play for pay do nothing senator Florida resign. !!
Hey thanks for letting us where it is.
Too bad you didn't feel the same way a few years ago. Sad.....
Spineless hypocrite
True. But those air strikes are unconstitutional.  A total political ploy to impress Xi. Congress should demand @potus make a case for bombs
Except Xi will instead see that we have just engaged Syria and will be too busy to worry about NK
Amen Senator @marcorubio 
You are proud Florida (trump business) "hosted" a military action at a hotel?!
Did 45 get permission from Congress (as required by the Constitution)? #doublestandards
I support the missile strike. Glad we didn't take weeks to decide what to do and tell everyone what was going to happen ahead of time.
Sadly, your willingness to fall in line behind DT left you with no cred. Poor, poor Rubio. Just another DT puppet.
Why was Russia warned in advance? How much was Syria and Russia able to move out of the way in advance? How much is oil going up in price?
lol! Syria doesn't supply the US with oil.
"Sure, they were accomplices to a war crime, but they showed up on time and dressed nicely!"
Little junior Trump in the making. Did you hire his public relations to assist you with that statement. Campaign mode.
quote: in 2013 little marco rubio said “I have never supported the use of U.S. military force in the conflict.'
you are a hypocrite Little Marco, you wouldn't support the President of the United States in 2013, why?
You're a turncoat Rubio, a traitor, a liar, please enlist and lead the fight.  Bring back those children who survived. Oh wait....
I want to know if we are getting that pipeline through Sria now, asking for a friend
Let us not lose sight of disturbing situation in Venezuela. Some sort of foreign intervention may be required as this country deteriorates!
Thanks Marco. The enemy is already here and in addition to the real threats are those who purposefully play games with the truth!
You're right: Trump is already here.
@20committee @CENTCOM How grateful are you that all this was just another PR STUNT by the Donald.
What's the point of the airstrike? Target was alerted? Chemical weapons not hit? Still a fully functioning airstrip? Just a big ratings ploy
If he cared he would have done damage to their operations or better yet help the refugees.
Our heroes,  military, best and bravest, we are all grateful for their dedication and patriotism. TY for always standing with our troops.
Well said @marcorubio

Venezuela tiene que ser liberada de esa dictadura que tienes el señor Maduro
Since we are so concerned with Syrian babies now, can we let in some refugees?
Exactly
Why are you more concerned with Syria's people than our own? Why more concerned with Syria's borders than our own Senator?
Why are you not concerned with a fellow humans suffering? Why is the fact that it is not within the US that the victims matter less?
It is not our fight. I don't want to start WWIII over Syria. Does firing tomahawk missiles into Syria going to end the slaughter? Nope.
I am not condoning the attack, nor am I denouncing it, I am not an expert. However to ignore the issue entirely is to refuse to care
Not bombing is not refusing to care.
Your initial comment suggested that any response is unnecessary, your own words suggest that they should be left to their devices
Maybe read what it says instead of what it suggests to you. This is not our fight & we would only make it worse.
it says why are you more concerned with syrias people, its hard to take that any other way than you feel any response is unnecessary
Centcom is a dangerous company. Who funded your election.
Our brave men and women deserve more than to be pawns in these partisan games. Shameful hypocrisy
Yes indeed
Nothing good will come pf this, Chickenhawk.
Hopefully Assad will now get the message.
So Marco: Care to tell us how come all of a sudden you're FOR air strikes on Syria? Hypocrite!
This was an air field not a neighborhood big difference. Sometimes democrats need to just be quiet
Sometimes conservatives need to know what they're talking about. Rubio chose NOT to allow Obama to bomb Syrian military positions.
& BTW, when Obama wanted to take action, GOP Congress was up in arms that they needed to be consulted. Now...Not so much.
Oh dear! The dance would have lasted forever and Syria would have known about it through MSNBC or CNN before we did  LOL
Oh dear! You elevate stupidity to whole new levels.


Please don't let Trump go crazy.
Too late.
Had that sandy red line been a yellow crime scene tape 2 years ago POTUS Trump wouldn't have had to destroy a air strip to show strength
Strength in bombing an airbase that was purposefully used to destroy ISIS? Also, how do these bombs stop the gassing of 'yesterday'?
It shows strength.The hope should be by doing this minor attack that this war crime will never take place again.Lets have hope
I disagree. It's disgusting we have to use war as means to show "strength." This was not strategized and will lead to more war crimes.
How would you stop him from growing stronger and expanding to other countries. Nip it in the bud
