Really six years ? not sure how that's possible when u hold record for missing the most work days during that time
You wasted 7 1/2 years telling us U were going to repeal & replace.  I am embarrassed to call myself a Republican.  I'm done with you all.
Wouldn't vote for you or another Republican after the GOP gave us Trump! #JustSayNo #NoMoGOP
Look who finally decided to have an opinion on something...
Like Sessions or not, Trump needs to respect the rule of law, division of power and the independence of the legal system.
Period.
Trump the #westie agrees. Problem Top Dog only cares about himself & family.  pathetic blames Hillary for failures. Praise Putin unAmerican
Been waiting to see tough. At first request from dems he recused. Ignored leaders until pressure to keep job. Jury still out
You a damn lira rudio
Rubio sponsored bill making it a felong to criticize musalims! he needs to be held for treason!
Isn't Marco Rubio that traitorous bastard that pushed/is pushing a law that removes our freedom of speech in regards to minorities?
Way trump treats others is shameful
I want to see action not words.
Then vote against GOP
That will never happen SnowFlake
Snowflake = Key indicator for hurt feelings. Sorry Trumpette, you'll have to do better than that. Call me a Rep..now that's an insult #SAD
Jeff Sessions is racist unscrupulous, reactionary and just might be a Russian collaborator. Watever he gets now is very deserving
"Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III" ~ many think he is a racist little Confederate ~ his name says it all & his ancestors were traitors.
Oh lil Marco.  Your career is kaput and you're the only one that doesn't know it.
You have become a great kiss ass and Ted Cruz like always nothing of nothing

That is why he was a good pick..now he needs to get busy and start arresting and prosecuting leakers, unmaskers and drain the swamp!
not to the White House leakers he isn't tough.  Yes, a gentleman & loyal to Trump - but must get tougher & go after Hilary/Obama
Always honest?  Except when he commits perjury?
TIME your pack told Top Dog stop bullying nepotism, wrong ivanka at G20 table. praise Putin unamerican. STOP BLAME HILLARY FOR INCOMPETENCE.
Jeff Sessions can't protect #45 from Mueller. Loyalty goes where collusion flows
We wish you were honest however a leopard cannot change its spots. Why do you continue to hide from constituents?

MASIVO #RT #Venezuela #15F Después q Falleció, 96 Decretos"Firmados por Chavez"Todos elaborados por #HernanEscarrá 
lol weak response thanks for being his bff.
I guess you didn't see him lie at his confirmation hearings.  Probably too busy worrying about Venezuela.
Marco-quotes scripture, says nice things about JS , but push come to shove he has no real backbone to stand up to DJT
Except he lied under oath   That wasn't very honest.
I suppose you can be honestly and transparently homophobic and racist.
and he soon may be a victim but his Alabama-- ism is apparent and his disdain for marijuana is misguided . Still he has my respect .
Other than being totally misguided on gays and marijuana.
I really get tired of voting for people who say they will hang the moon and when they get in office they sit on their thumbs and do nothing!
That's not the issue.  Issue is that the Dems are successful in tying up GOP while DOJ seems to do nothing about Political damage. Ask Libby
Trump , is going to hurt himself , if he keeps running down Sessions .
Can you say the same for 45?
And the LGBT?
Republicans looking really bad. I am seriously concerned about 2018.
GOD BLESS YU Marco #1
He's great, and doing a wonderful job
I got news for you your big donors may give you money but it's us people that put you where you are
Mad at Donald Trump cuz he's making you do the will of the people.
Tell the special investigation to go away and quit its funding until there's credible criminal evidence to be brought forth.
Tell Jeff sessions to have equal fairness and law and open up the Hillary and Democrat crimes.
One must have character to provide a character reference. Stealing healthcare shows none. You are the only thing Trump's been right about.
But needs to support the president / go after leaks and Clinton ; drain the swamp
Can't agree. Too much evidence of racism.
Not too transparent about all his meetings with Russians.
Really?!
And.....? (Hint) Always racist and small minded
He's doing great things but needs to focus on finding leakers as well. Republicans such sissies at times. Toughen it up
He wasn't transparent at the hearing when he refused himself. In denial .
Can't any of the GOP be MEN?? you people make me sick, you bought into his crap, turned on ur own constituents. Sad
AND what about when he's nowhere to be found???
Except when he's lying about meeting Russians, but of course you meant to add that part 
That is not what your President says. Man up Senator. Vote no on the healthcare bill. We are watching!!!
that might be your position as a senator, however, he's a racist, womanizing, good all boy that needs to get out of office.
Tough adversary? Didn't a insane person beat you
It wasn't very tactful the way Mr Trump pumped him up but if he would of had a closed door meet with Mr AG the dems yell special council 
Hes a sad old man that can't get with modern times and hes best left in the past than dragging us all down with him.
Hey Senator.... get off your high horse and GET TO WORK doing the things that I VOTED FOR YOU (literally) to do!!!!!
Sadly, we've not seen a lot of kick butt since he assumed his position!
I agree, he is very transparent. 100% racist and it's no secret.
Omg, is that Marco Rubio commenting? Hey Marco, wait till the Revolution comes for you & Diaz!
I agree but given the situation it might have been better to choose someone that didn't have a connection to Russia. Hind sight is 20/20.
Vote"NO"on healthcare repeal
Vote"No"on Medicaid and planned parenthood cuts
Work to improve healthcare plan not dismantle it!
1. Wants to expand civil asset forfeiture 
2. Wants to stoke the failed war on drugs

Two HUGE constitutional failures
Sessions needs to stay!!
So..,Spit it out.
Are you backing Sessions or are you backing Trump?
Just WHEN are some of you going to get the guts to take a stand.
Remember the people are watching, repeal O/care, build the wall,tax reform, deregulation, advance POTUS agenda! #DrainTheSwamp
Great, please just tell him to reverse his Recuse Statement,Testify(nothing to hide), apologize to President.
I'm sure he is a good guy. But people are tired of no investigation into the crooks like Lynch, Clinton Foundation.
Sessions & Republicans should be supporting the Administration WE THE PEOPLE elected. Democrats are at WAR with us. WTFU!!!
He is a crook like the rest of you redstaters. Get lost.
Mr Rubio you ran a conservative and I voted for you. In my opinion you lied to us and are pat of the Sewer. You have no credibility with me.
What happened? He's conservative, specially compared to Bill Nelson.
He sold his soul to the Swamp.  Dreamers, siding with Graham and McCain.  I am a Cuban for trump but not Rubio.  He is part of the problem

Why don't you guys do something about this!!!
Your assessment is impeccable. I always trust your judgement. Ty for standing with Sessions against cyber bully!
BS!
Tell Jeff to hang tough. I am not a big fan of his, but right is right, and the bullying is not right at all.
Recusal wasn't t necessary.
The wheels of the bus go round and round. You're next, senator. #Impeach45
When are you going to have a Town Hall? Your constituents have questions for you. A lot of questions.
So, Stop following 45 like a blind puppy dog! Stand up for fair healthcare for ALL!  Not just those  like you. Be a man!
He's an idiot but doesn't deserve how trumpster is treating him.
Aren't you proud of your president!  Name calling bully!
Yes, he's a true patriot! God bless him, and you also.
leave Sessions alone you bully! Great as Lincoln? You're just a thug headed for jail! Liar Liar, disgrace!
You supported, helped and continue to stand with @realDonaldTrump . You own this #shitshow.
He lied about meeting with Russians.
 cry me a ⛆
SO WHAT THAT DOESNT MEAN HE IS A GOOD FIT FOR AG...AMERICA SEES HIM WEAK KNEED!!
Why didn't our AG, AAG, FBI Director name any co-conspirators in filings against #ImranAwan?  Seems like he has a couple of brothers?
He lied under oath. That's not honest and transparent. Also, BTW, he's a racist.
Trans. Except for all the other meetings w Russia we don't know about, which is why he recused. Pay attn - serve all of us Floridians
Rubio, respeto más a Sessions que a ti. Él tal vez hizo algo malo, pero paró y está del lado de la ley.
A contrario, tu eres un hipócrita que le va quitar asistencia médica a nuestras viejas,
las cuales trabajaron tanto para el triunfo de los cubanos en el exilio.
That's fine but what has he done as AG to call a grand jury investigation of Clinton &stop  witch hunt undermining @POTUS & Repubs admin?
Why doesn't he subpoena the DNC server?  Without that there is no PROOF of any Trump/Russian involvement.  Maybe because it's a fake story.
The spirit of the ruler has risen up AGAINST #JeffSessions
He cant leave his place

Ecclesiastes 10:4
#Bible
What took him so long to open an investigation into leaks?
What's taking him so long long to reopen an investigation into the Clintons? It's becoming transparent that he's a Clinton Ally.
Why is it you feel he needs defending? He lies but no more than your POTUS, who looks to obstruct justice on a grand scale.
He fucked up! The problm is senate/congress are a club of two team of friend helping each other instead helping the country
As he looks to bring back the drug war and amp up civil forfeiture? I know him well enough, thank you.
Only problem he a blatant racist and working on that fervently in the terrible things he is doing. No doubt you are friends with him
We really weren't kidding when we chanted "lock her up".  Do your job...that's all we're asking of Jeff Sessions.
Oh, lil' Marco. How much lip balm do you go through in a day? Those lips have to be chapped from all that ass kissing. #puckerup
So proud of you. Now go protect the millions who will lose basic healthcare.  Fix don't repeal ACA
Transparent?  What the hell are you smoking?  He's a racist, a bigot, a liar who collided with Russia on behalf of trump. Indefensible
As Rubio will vote like McCain with party every time. Just all hot air and BS that's why Rubio refuses to have town halls
Rubio hasn't worked 6 years let alone serve 6 years. Rubio a billionaire servant not a public servant. Last year he worked 6 days at best
Hmmm....?
We don't doubt his honesty. We doubt about his capability. I don' thinkt he has the balls to go after the real criminals.
Wow, got u fooled. Don/t believe the sourthern charm. He is a snake. Why do u think he is implementing policies that don't work? Man is bad.
Thank you for standing by him. He is tougher than people think if it is because he believes in something He is a good man
Get on TEAM AMERICA. Remove the grifting tray or from our WH. GROW A SPINE.
Love #JeffSessions but he neutered himself when he recused himself from 2 critical issues & kept Hillary's buddy for Dir of FBI. Bad moves
What are you doing about Trump?
So when trump fires Jeff what are you gonna do? Stand up too the bully threaten mo vote on his next ag
Lies to Congress. Yep very honest.
Have Sessions fight fire with fire. Officially investigate the corruption, before evidence is destroyed , including Spec Counsel and team
It would be a great loss to remove him. However, he needs to get a handle on what is going on. He needs to advance and ACT.
POTUS should not have to worry about AG being his adversary. Country before party. Grow up D.C. Dwellers.
Majority feel Sessions is good AG and honest person. Trumps frustrations noticeable but should be kept behind closed doors.
That isn't the issue...he has tied hands and is an alligator without teeth!
Yes, but is he willing to prosecute deep state for their crimes? If not, Trump has  no leverage against those trying to take him down.
you have a chance to really stand up.  Stand up to a bully who mocked you in front of the world. Guy is a crook and you know it
Honest/transparentAre you serious @marcorubio ? Sessions didn't even want to answer questions in his hearing . Couldn't remember anything .
If by that you mean Sessions was "honest and transparent" about being a white supremacist and racist, then yeah...that.
He's a racist lying sack of s**t, so I'm guessing you like that kind of guy
Always honest and transparent...except for that time he perjured himself at his confirmation hearing but digress
Especially enforcing those Jim Crow laws, seizure of@property of innocent Americans & criminalizing medical marajuana. Yeah he's great 
Share your concerns and tell us more about Venezuela, little Marco......
Well you're now the POTUS suckup, so why should anyone care or believe what you have to say?
Then what are you doing to back him up?
Have you read the Art of the Deal? If you had you would understand why he is applying  pressure on the AG
His civil asset forfeiture policy is reprehensible.
We have a RINO problem in the Republican party.  No idea where these clowns think they will get support come election time.
Sessions needs to put pressure on those who are trying to take down my President! The only way he can do that is to turn things on them!!!
It's time to stand up to trump Mr. Rubio. It's time to prove yourself. I'd prefer it not be bc of sessions, but I'll take it.
Yes! But he needs to step up now and go after Hillary, et al...it has gotten way out of hand and he needs to be the one that goes after them
Read between the lines, this is theater.  Trump and Sessions creating narrative to show independence for undisclosed plans. Da!!!
Sessions should be fair and lawful, not "an ally or an adversary".  Focus Rubio. You represent all of us, not just your views
MORE LIES FROM RUBIO
Here in AL I've seen evidence of folks jumping off the Trump Train in defense of Sessions. Thought it was interesting since AL is so RED!
You are a traitor. Florida made a mistake re-electing you. I voted against you, and will continue to do so in the future.
Lying Jeff Sessions. There, fixed it.
Session LIED under OATH!!
And by served he means they served the same master , The Koch bros. # teamKochSucker
Transparent? Govt prosecutes military members for non secure emails and puts them in jail. Govt leaders do it an nothing. Transparent??????
He LIED.  Under oath.  To Congress.
He has a view of marijuana and it's users straight out of the 1950s.
Remember when Republicans were principled and refused to confirm him as a judge because he's a straight-up proud racist?
That transparent part hard to swallow when he opening lied and not really recused 
Quiet little Marco, this issue is being handled by the adults.
Committing perjury, notwithstanding...
This is why we're so Dang disappointed in the current Sessions/ Trump deal~We Love  Jeff MAGA
It's good he has friends cause he's gonna need a job soon. #loyalty
@jeffsessions is danger to women, minorities, American values, & a liar under oath. bigger danger is trump firing him to obstruct spec pros.
Transparent? I didn't think you could see through white bed sheets.
#cracker #littlemarco
POTUS should meet with his AG to improve their communication instead of using social media.  Mutual respect is also important.  America 1st.
You knew all about this, Marco
Lying under oath is not honest. Hiding key meetings with those that initiated a Cyber attack on US is not transparency. Both men are corrupt
AG Sessions deserves better treatment than this Trump has only injured himself as a result.
You forgot to mention the part about Sessions where he supports failed antiquated policies and is beholden to the private prison industry.

Well your skin tone is just light enough for him to not hate you
...except when he lied about @POTUS @realDonaldTrump competency at becoming president, and his meetings with Russians.. no big deal...
Well I'm in the caboose right now of the Trump train. I was #1 fan his treatment of Sessions is disgusting
what actions will u take if @realdonaldtrump fires him? Will u speak up or will u continue 2 b mute while our democracy crumbles
Keep up your good work Mr Rubio
#
ok but why does he support civil asset forfeiture
important that authority and resolve are portrayed. as a democrat that voted republican I can understand the frustration of the Pres.
Fine but the no action on the Clinton's is a disgrace.
