Big Rubio fan but what sucks is I'm sure he has a great tax and health reform bill but he won't roll it out because trump will take cred
If that is true, he serves the country very poorly.
It gets complicated, anything pushed by Trump makes all libs hellbent on making it fail, success will get us 4 more yrs. of Trump (+NKo War)
That's exactly what we need
We tried trickled down in the 80s, it almost destroyed our country. Going back is insane in a world of global climate crisis.
If low income people have to pay tax it should be a baseline
Corruption corrupted
Keep jobs at home.  Bills HR 2369 and HR 3662 would eliminate duties on Yachts, and work will migrate to the Islands and away from us
We need PRO AMERICAN tax reform.
@marcorubio We need more details on the outline before we truly know how this will affect the middle class. Need this info ASAP
Where did u learn your economics RUBIO, TRUMP UNIV. Or CASTRO Univ. go back to school you FAILED. Your a joke when u talk POLOTICS.
Like I said fix Canadian problems first  my friend you're beginning to explode http://immigrationwatchcanada.org/ 
The @GOP will be out of office for a generation as a result of the reckless spending all to guarantee big donors a tax cut.
how much is trump paying you for all this mischagospy?
We could if you rich people really cared
Baseline of income way do we need to pay tax in every paycheck and still pay in April every year
Sir, you are a broke ass Republican with terrible personal financial skills.... You don't know shit about economics....
What about the poor that depend on the programs you are cutting?  They are hungry and we give them nothing to eat?
How about tax reform leaving out the rich  the 1% and no cuts to Medicare
Flat Tax. 10% across the board.
#TaxReform will increase the debt & is greedy & unpatriotic when debt is $20T. Growth will not pay off debt & will be paid back by our kids.
idiot
A comprehensive healthcare plan that allows the American public regular affordable access to doctors would help.
If your version of reform means providing big tax breaks to the most wealthy, while cutting services & programs to the rest of us, I say NO!
Getting ahead in life also means protecting reproductive #healthcare rights. What good is #TaxReform w/out family planning? #StandWithPP
What's on it for average joe America and don't tell me a $4000.00 tax cut it's a big lie
So trickle down economics george bush tried that and he doubled our debt but the rich got richer
Trickle down economics DON'T WORK!  Get a brain or better yet go for a church!
How does adding $4T to our national debt help our economy? Who pays for #Taxcuts? Poor in Medicaid Cuts, Retirees in Medicare cuts. Our Kids
There is nothing wrong with economy - the American Company's are awash in cash- only issue is the inequality between top % and everyone else
Im guessing 1st plan from WH isn't okay with u? Trump says rich get no tax break. Not true. Top 1% get 129k a yr break. Thats 10k/mo. Wrong!
Marco. Pass something. Anything
We don't need a tax cut for the primary purpose of helping GOP donors like Koch Bothers and Mercers.  This is a tax cut for the rich period
The current Tax proposal does not do that, You Repubs are all for the rich, which are already doing well. Stock increases do nothing for us
Cutting taxes for the super rich is the number one way to have that NOT happen, but you already know that.
Need medical deduction.  Need tax breaks for middle and lower incomes... NOT the wealthy.  Stop corporate welfare.
If tax reform is only for the wealthy, is not tax reform! Is redistribution of the wealth.
If you vote to cut SS & Medicare, you are finished! Kiss your job goodbye!
MR RUBIO if any one needs a head it’s u. Half the time u don’t what your talking about the other half is it’s true. Stop lying.
supply side voodoo economics only enriches the rich so stop w/ the lies.
#TrickleDownLie This is a failed lie that has left this country in worse, and worse financial trouble every time it's been used. You know it
That means work for some and that's not going to go over well
mortgage,medical deductions, are important to lower and mid income families
Look at the stat's for the last 50 years. Tax reform has never done anything for the economy. What you cut we pay more for in another form.
Tax the wealthy or forget "reform"
Rubio talking gibirish as always
Why don't u call out u'r papi trump and demand he release his taxes. What a disappointment u've been to ur constituents.
It takes big MONEY just to pay for defense. The tax plan in the works will give huge tax breaks to the 1% who could pay for it. Deficit^^^
So, just to clarify, something vastly different than the current proposal, right?
Shut up!   You are embarrassing.   Shame on you!
The truth -which Republicans never   admit- is that large corporations pay little in taxes...also that repealing estate tax benefits 0.2%.
I'd say we need pro-American support of our citizens in Puerto Rico before anything else right now
Maybe if corporations and the .5% were paying their taxes instead of hiding all their money overseas tax rates could come down
By making the rich richer? Trickle down doesn’t work!
Trump is unfit to lead.
You're right, Marco. We need pro-American tax reform, not pro-rich tax reform. Stop screwing the middle class.
In a third world country, you just go online and fill the forms yourself. Very easy and fast.
this guy mocked you. Little Marco, and now plays with dead soldiers families. Shame. Shame. GOP gutter.
Oh!! You got face time. Wow. Good for you. Too bad you wasted it.
You forgot “rich” in front of “people” Little Marco.

Bullshit backed up by lies!  No tax cuts for the rich!
What is pro-America tax reform. All I have heard is a big break for the wealthy.
Rebuild it?  The economy is bad?
Little Marco has no idea what he's talking about. Trillions of dollars of debt and cuts to Medicare #CNNDenateNight
But you don’t want to give us that. You want to ignore us while further enriching your wealthy owners.

Hypocrite!
I know enough about Math to know there has to be something on the OTHER side of the equals sign! How do we pay for the tax breaks?
Tax plan does nothing for poor and middle class, balloons deficits, and is nothing more than payback to donors. We need payroll tax reform!

But not ones dictated by the Coke brothers.....
So, stop fleecing the poor and killing health care, dummy !
I support your tax reform but I don’t support your meeting with drug protector Philippine senator Trillanes
It is more difficult for a rich man to get into heaven, well you know the rest
Curious on your thoughts of your constituent Sgt La David T Johnson, his service, death and how his family has been treated by POTUS
Isn't the purpose of a tax to levy the revenue needed to provide services? Why don't you start the process with what funding is needed?
Our economy is doing great - what the hell are you talking about?  We need healthcare and a livable minimum wage - not tax cuts for the rich
I completely agree. Now throw out that bill in the Senate because it has no chance to do what you described.
Nothing was wrong with the economy. Obama did a great job rebuilding after you Republicans fucked it up so bad.
Tax the rich more and us lest
This tax package doesn't sound like it does anything but line YOUR pockets.
We need tax breaks for companies that create jobs in the USA and tax increases for companies that ship jobs overseas.
Yes
Nonsense, this is a tax cut for wealthy & corporations, masquerading as a tax cut for all. Cutting taxes on wealthy does not grow economy.
Hey Sen Rubio, let me do a research for you bec your staff didn’t: 

TRILLANES is the most hated senator in ph. He’s a traitor and a liar!!
I like him should have been given a post in Trumps cabinet
ask POTUS to release his taxes first, Marco, then we'll talk.
Rebuild the economy??? Liar!
Rubio's billionaire plan
Why not cut taxes for people who are actually struggling or for people who actually do create jobs? Not for people who only may create jobs?
So who pay the bills Marco ?
We NEED A NEW PRESIDENT!
We need a President that tells the truth! Let's start there.
We NEED healthcare.
Trickle Down...worship the Donors
Pro Republican Donors tax reform
TRICKLE DOWN.......little Marco
What people? Millionaires  in Congress like yourself ?  Help the poor. Help the middle class do the right thing...you won’t be in Congress
So then why Advocate huge tax cuts to the top 1%??
Economy seems fine, Pres. and Congress are a mess. Large business is greedy, rich want more, middle class and poor suffer.
Venezuela necesita una intervención urgente por favor!!!!
Fku, little Marco
WELL SAID. GOOD JOB. Lets get moving on the wall, fair trade and replacing Obama care. Please dont forget foreign aid review.
Muststop penalizing people 4 doing what we encourage: work,save,invest.Overspending causes huge http://problems.Tax  sales only.byebyeIRS
#GOP #TaxReform does too little for Middle Class, Seniors, & Retirees, & too much for Corps already doing great with record stock prices
Tax breaks for investments in human capital
This tax “reform” is good for your high roller donors, not your average constituent. Stop selling us out. Find a bible quote for that
Little Filthy pay to play Marco is for pro russia pro @AtlasNetwork tax reform that will fill his greasy pockets with Mercer Cash.
Ugh! Platitudes and worn out ideas! Prove to us that your plan will do what you claim! You can't !
Not as designed senator it's too much for rich . If there' s cut It I want mine cut or not going up and above say 50M  allow death tax
I agree!
Yes I agree
You mean pro RICH Americans?!?!?


We need a pro-american president.
We need tax cuts for middle and low income people. Not the rich @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS. HOW CAN YOU CALL YOURSELF A MAN? HOW CAN YOU LET THIS GO ON? GODDAMN YOU.
Great, how about having town halls with your constituents?
Rebuild what dude? Unemployment less than 5%, we can’t employees to fill open spots. We need to rebuild our workers skills for 21st, now...
Can't find workers because they are siting on their butt getting snap welfare and Medicaid ....and many dealing drugs on the side to boot
Smartest response I've heard in a long time. Thank You!

You're on the wrong side of history, Senator. Act responsibly, for once.
We need leaders who lead and inspire. Ones who work as s team and care about all of Americans, not just their party and agenda 
That's exactly what we need, so why are you trying to give the best break to the top 10%? While shitting on the middle class?
yep
Then you should go back to cuba
I’m sure massive spending cuts will occur before tax cuts. Right?
That’s show makes me vomit
So, is giving billions to billionaires how you want to help the 99%? Keep the estate tax!
Pro-American? #TaxReform is for the mega wealthy. My tax bracket goes up...check yours friends.  Not #MAGA
We need a Senator that stops Nazis from marching in our streets!!!!
Hypocrite.  Don't Preach to us......Stop sucking up to Trump
requiring your corporate cronies to pay a living wage would increase the tax base AND the purchase of goods and services
Incentives need to be tied to specific behavior. A generic windfall to corps will not generate jobs or increase wages for American workers
And you know that. You are lying to your constituents to generate a windfall for your donors.
Pro middle class and lower class, con upper 1%! Stop this false rhetoric!
Then why did you block President Obama at every turn?
Let’s give Fair tax a try? Someone in Washington needs to lay their eyes on Trumps taxes.
Choker
Boo hoo! If only you believed your own words!
We need a town hall meeting to discuss it first.
yeah, that ain't going to happen.
We need someone with balls to represent the good people of FL.
Keep talking to Fox. No one watches those three clowns except the clown in chief and you.
Please pls trickle down doesn’t work. Companies don’t hire if they get extra cash they hire when demand causes it. Except R & D.
Good education & access to good affordable health will help but u don’t seem willing to support those initiatives. Just tax breaks for rich
Trump’s tax plan is nothing more than a huge tax handout to millionaires and corporations, paid for by slashing services for working people.
Dems say that about every tax cut ...news flash when you cut taxes across the board people who pay most of taxes should get the largest cuts
How is eliminating the inheritance tax going to help me?
But @realDonaldTrump changes his mind on a daily basis. How can anyone trust Republicans ??
Great Marco. We need Tax Reform. Work hard for it. Liberals, Democrats and some Republicans are against it just because our Pres
It is time to take action. You are on notice that Trump is dangerously unfit.
Richard Painter and I wrote this 25th Amendment article. 

We believe it's time for an intervention. 

…


Rubio wants to prove his economy not ours
Hows does #MAGA work when u want 2 take away mortgage interest deduction and the state and local property tax deduction?!? #TaxReform #Liars
Rubio
This Tax Cut for the 1% disguised as #TaxReform will do great harm to hard working Americans, I urge you to vote no.

We Need You As The Speaker Of The House Mr. Rubio. Young Enthusiastic, Motivated To Act On The People’s Wishes. A Problem Solver.

#marcorubio needs 3.3 mill $ from #nra.
It allows him to protect guns and rifles from humans.

#gop men sign up for anything #trump

“@POTUS told a whopper of a lie when he said that the new Republican tax-reform plan “is not good for me.” Here’s the breakdown. #TaxReform @NewYorker
Some provisions in the framework specifically benefit the well-to-do, as PolitiFact National found in rating False a claim by Trump that the plan has "very little benefit for people of wealth.” #TaxReform
The plan doesn't target “all” deductions that mostly wealthy people use. It takes aim at one that wealthy people in mostly Democratic states use disproportionately — and leaves others hardly touched. #TaxReform @washingtonpost
Agree but"If the Trump plan is adopted it will leave the little  people 2 pay off the greater resulting national deficit"Tony Piel. Be fair
