we are not "left wing radicals".  That is dismissive. We are parents, siblings, spouses, etc who are afraid our country is
our country is in the hands of a madman. Trump appears to be seriously mentally ill & his impulsive acts are endangering the USA
He attacks our allies & praises Putin. And Republicans are all unanimously supporting him. Not a single Republican has objected
and Hillary sold 20%of USA uranium to Russia Barack sent much more to Iran.do you guys know anything abt them?
That is inaccuate. When you repeat what you heard from Rush or Sean you just look ignorant. Read real news.
CARRY ONINSULTS DON'T BOTHER ME.WHAT DOES IS LIBS INABILITY TO SEE TRUTH AND STAND FOR OUR NATION ON THE R SIDE
What truth am I missing?
Gee, you mean like passing healthcare bill without CBO info or without Reps even reading the damn thing! Like that?
I'm not a radical, I just think Donald Trump has no business being President of the United States.
he is the president.WE VOTED FOR HIM.IT would be nice to see some respect for our votes.
@Fenwaynine LETS MAGA!!!!
"SomeSay..."
You surely tweet like your audience is gullible. We've seen soap opera. We know manipulation when we see one. 
I am not a left wing radical, I'm a mother of two & am self employed, my husband and I have a family office yes I will #resist @marcorubio
well your self emplyed business will now flourish under Trump.
Oh my goodness that's a pile of nonsense. I don't believe your colleagues have told you that.
I am not a radical. I am not an activist. I am a mother. The Women's March was my first protest experience. IT WON'T BE MY LAST.
well know that the org of it is a radical muslim calling for sharia which will have no qualms in beheading you!learn
Maybe they stole Republicans play book of obstructionism during Obama Presidency. Quit whining ass hat ur President is toxic
Let us know what it is and maybe we'll support it. #trumpcare
yes!!! that's what the people want!!! do nothing to work w/ #CockHolster #Obstruct
Your my senator, no I did not vote for you, but #iamtheresistance an will walk knock and enroll everyone I can to oppose you
You mean like the @GOP did from 2008-2016?
In elem school we teach don't tattle: report little 'he /she said' that's not your business. Don't you have any business to be working on?
Za I wEwwa AAdvantage Iuy
Like passing a giant health care bill without knowing what's in it? 
(Oops, wrong wing of radicals. My bad.)
You will of course be naming your sources in line with current WH thinking yes? Otherwise we will just have to say FAKE NEWS
You have a traitor in the Whitehouse and this is what you are concerned about?
Those "radicals" are every boring suburban mom in my mom's group.
When anxiety woke me up at 4am today, I logged onto Facebook and found a bunch of suburban moms organizing against @Trump's #MuslimBan.
You are not alone.
That's because he doesn't let anyone know what he's planning until the last second and it's sad because I really wanted you to win.
Arent you tired being donnies little rooster holster? Sad!
Fits in with you and Ryan other GOP traitors that want @realDonaldTrump to fail and have refused to do what we elected you to do
Where have we seen this type of obstruction before? Oh yeah. FROM THE GOP CONGRESS during President Obama's tenure.
#jerks
Thats the same thing you all did when Prez Obama was elected. Cry us a river, loser.
DTAND WITH OUR PRESIDENT.WE VOTED YOU IN.FLORIDA IS AWAKE!
And we know republicans don't oppose anything from across the aisle. Side eye Rubio. Nothing but.
Senator, this country has had enough of that from both sides of the isle. It is time you all come together & do what is best for our country
It would have been nice if Republicans in Congress hadn't obstructed everything from Democrats over the past 8 years.
Not interested in tit-for-tat--just pointing out the hypocrisy, and GOP has been more partisan in recent years.
True, but both sides need to agree to stop the partisanship, and Democrats need a stronger hand to get there.
what progressives are up and coming for the 2018 election? Dems are getting stronger but not strong enough yet
im scared! I Have children that want an education not to be discriminated against bc they're mixed. Im scared for my twins
20 mins from DC. 
feeling the fire! To think the unpresident can do 1 thing right. Bring the rest of the nation together!! Racists need not apply
"Islamic radicals" "Left wing radicals"...DO u know any other words to describe others. May be ok call you ¡COME MIERDA!
okay guy who lost his presidential aspirations because his water bottle joke bombed.
It's not that we don't know what it is. It's that we've seen it all before. In the 1930's and 40's. In Europe.
Really?  You think we're all "radical?" Can't dismiss us that easily.  It's called "engaged".
And in response you're blindly endorsing everyone Trump taps?
definitely not radicals/we're concerned citizens who fear losing OUR country/you blindly support disastrous edicts from Trump
how's it feel
People opposing @GOP right now are working to protect liberties - even some of ur constituents I bet.  Please b more respectful.
Not sure what's worse, you not seeing the hypocrisy in this statement or that you think we're too dumb to see it.
You mean like Merrick Garland? Please. Hypocrite much?
Hi! We oppose someone who's spitting on the Constitution, killing checks and balances that keep this country safe. So should YOU
No, actually the pressure is coming from us MODERATES. That's why it's pressure!#resist
.@marcorubio GOOD.
Yeah, I am not a radical. But we cannot seem to get the GOP's attention any other way. FIX YOUR SHIT!
I am not a radical. I believe in the Constitution.  Stop Don and fix this you spineless tool
Kinda like Mitch suggested the day after Obama's first inauguration?  Like that you mean?
Merrick Garland
I would love to see Sen. Rubio refer to the Tea Party as right wing radicals. Let's see how popular he becomes. 
I'm not a radical. I'm a mom who watched my kid go through chemo. The ACA & Medicaid are important.
"left wing radicals"? Like people who worked all their lives, pay taxes, and are now retired? Like working couples with kids?
one latino to another, fix this mess. Senor Trump son verguenza!
we're not radicals. We're Americans. Parents,children standing up for moral values that built our country. You should be too.
DEJA VU ALL OVER AGAIN  turnabout is fair play. y'all set the precedent. deal w/it.
Like how you went along with Mitch in November '08 to oppose anything Obama ever did without knowing what it was?
it's amazing you can even hear them over the sound of your spine collapsing daily
I want clean air and water, affordable medical and quality education for my kids. #ImARadical
start working for the people and not for the agenda of either party. Do the right thing!
I think this has been going on for a long time
I read the news & follow politics after making breakfast & driving my kid to school. So radical! 
STOP! We have been invaded by Russians from INSIDE...OUT. You know this w/intel briefs. Party or Country (?) Marco...CHOSE!
no, we just don't trust you since you stole our seat and won't prosecute Russia
The way you were pressured by right-wing radicals to reject anything Obama? Stop whining because the tables are turned.
We know "what it is." Incompetent DeVos, Swampers Mnuchin, Tillerson, etc...We're not like Trumpers. We don't follow easily.
are you rehashing news? Swap Democrat with Republican and take a time warp to 2009 and this tweet is just as valid.
well do your job and stand up do what's right don't chg the rules be fair and then people will calm down.
you mean like you and your party did for 8 years? We learned it from watching you!!!! /s
Trump made a fool of you and everyone else in the primary's and all you jellyfish still lick Trumps balls you are all spineless
I'm not a radical, but I want Bannon out of power, and if we have to oppose "all the things" to accomplish it, so be it.
oh yes, because we have an obligation to be "reasonable" for a tyrant after 8 yrs of GOP obstructionism and a stolen SCOTUS seat
Really? I thought I was just an everyday Ohioan who cares about something other than tax cuts and deregulation.
imagine that...pot. kettle.
IF THE VOTERS "KNOW WHAT IT IS" BEFORE THE SENATORS KNOW WHAT IT IS," THEN IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU ALL ARE NOT DOING YOUR JOB!
We're not radicals; we see what you're doing and we are offended.  this is not our America.  And you're responsible.
There is this thing called history that lets us review past data & make informed decisions so we don't hv to repeat mistakes
We are not radicals. We are US citizens not afraid to speak out when something is wrong. You should try it.
"Left wing radicals"? Are those their words or yours? 
they did not say that at ALL!they did say they want to hear the man speak then say NO!they have NEVER claimed they r pressured
don't make a fool of yourself Marco.
So basically what y'all did for the past 8 years then.
You are on the wrong side and history watch he will destroy America you have young children how can you sleep
.@marcorubio Many Floridians aren't happy with Trump's Fascist/Racist/Sexist agenda. You promised to be a check on him, and have let us down
little marco perfect ex of a politician out for his own gain. Did you show up for work today? No camera? Then probably not
so called 'left wing radicals' are actually advocating MODERATE positions.
yet you do not oppose anything even when you know what it is, including Devos, but she paid to play and you are #spineless.
I've certainly voiced my opposition, but I know what I'm opposing, and I'm not a radical; rather a parent, and patriotic citizen
You vote straight down party lines. You don't listen 2 what the Florida wants. Nxt election, we will B sending U a clear message
remember when he called you "little Marco"?
This is an alternative fact! Please be clear on who these left wing radicals are - talk about an oxymoron!
Nope. We put pressure on our reps as plain ol' suburban, military parents who will not stand by as our democracy is undermined.
isn't that how you got elected, in the first place?
tea party
"Little Marco". That seemed childish at the time. Now? Downright Presidential.
I'm not radical. I'm compassionate. If you are, fix this mess. Craycray running the world. Is that why you got into politics?
Is this the same as YOU and the rest of #Republicans blocking @BarackObama for 8 years,asking for a friend ?
BS. I'm an American citizen who has every right to contact my elected officials. Stop trying to silence the voice of the people
I am a teacher who cares deeply about the dictatorship we are turning into because you are too cowardly to check the Executive
it would be nice if any of you stood up to Trump in a meaningful way. Just because we have spines doesn't make us  radical
better than having a radical conservative base that demands you vote against everything because the president is black.

You mean do exactly what Repubs did the last 8 years? You're a spineless weasel and a hypocrite. Grow up.
go ahead ignore us. See where that gets u when we vote. #sleepinggiantwoke
you do too..you just arent paying attention.  amazing how fast time flies @MMFlint
I am a mother with a disabled son. I want my senators to stand up for public education and Federal #IDEA laws. You represent us!
you mean like Republicans for Obama's entire presidency? I mean don't make the hypocrisy this blatant
actually just want to go play hockey but my country is on fire so I have to try to fix it. A little help?
like you & your colleagues announced the first DAY of Obama's administration. Shut up with your hypocrisy. #sellout #traitor
Never foget: "Little Marco" aka Trump's Foot Stool
Like you guys did with Obama. Go get a glass of water.
So that's what Republicans did
really not radicals but very concerned. Remember the garland nomination?
You seem delusional, @marcorubio .
Perhaps you're dehydrated.
I am not a radical. I'm a 64 yr old who can read & decipher real from fake I also know history and civics & this is not normal.
JUST LIKE YOU DID TO THE DEMOCRATS FOR 8 YEARS.  LITTLE MARCO
I wonder where they got the idea? Look in a mirror for clues.
We want Pres. Trump investigated for his ties to Russia and his unconstitutional powers checked. Is that too much to ask?
Damn right, the GOP in bed w Russia.Shut it down, we need to know what the hell is going on? How deep does Russia go in our Gov?
I am a senior, mom of adults, business owner, WTC Responder, no union assn, Former Girl Scout Leader & Sunday School Teacher.
if by radicals you mean soccer moms, retirees, and young professionals, then yeah, that's totally what I'm seeing. #growaspine
Please delete your political account. No use to American democracy. Marco, no Polo.
All of you said Obama's nominee for the Supreme Court wouldn't get a hearing before you even knew who he was.
Karma is a bitch.  it is what the GOP did for 8 years.
You know it, they're yr tactics for the past 8 yrs. Only now, it isnt partisan. You ppl elected an actual autocrat.
we are not "radicals" we are pissed off ordinary Americans who love this country. Do you?  #resistance
One good turn deserves another, marco. Or are you just pissy bc they take a page from your book?
so kind of like your party as soon as Obama was elected?
shut up, hypocrite! You oppose everything Obama tried to pass.
Sounds a little like the right voting together on every single issue, even laws that prevent the mentally ill from buying guns
I know right. But maybe u should talk to ur boy McConnell about that. #UBuiltThis
I am not a radical. I am a retired nurse and mom who demands you to stop Trump's un-American acts, listen to the people!
wasn't opposing Obama on every decision the entire GOP agenda? It's time the Dems stopped being bullied.
You mean like the pressure from the Tea Party for all Reps to block literally everything Obama did? I'm not radical - I'm mad!
we aren't radical or extremist. Most of us have never marched or called a rep before. abolishing epa is extremist.
Just like the Republicans did for 8 years. At least our concerns are real.
I am hardly a left wing radical. Since no one in the Republican party will stand up for The Constitution, I will.
what you call left wing radicals are American Citizens.
Sorry Mr. Rubio.  I am not a radical.  But I do oppose what is happening.  I am a rural, small town concerned citizen.
we know what it is.
you cant be serious. Rewind the tapes of what the Republicans promised Obama.
Nobody is going to believe that Marco,  seriously Why would Democrat reps be confiding in you, hello!
I'm a mom -never had to protest before, never thought that my children's future was in question until NOW- that is why I protest
Hey, remember when the republicans in congress vowed to be obstructionists and vote no for EVERYTHING Obama tried to do?
kind of like you and the GOP.
sound familiar? Seems to me that Pres Obama got worse treatment. Don't be a hypocrite. Oops. Too late
It's those butthurt Hollywood leftists like Michael Moore, Sara Silverman, and Judd Apatow. I thought Cali was leaving the US
HE CALLED YOU LITTLE MARCO
Sorry, does a 67 year old retired educator/administrator in southwest Missouri qualify as a left-wing radical?
thats what Republicans did to Obama!
It's the progressive @SenateMajLdr playbook!  Resist & obstruct, obstruct  & induce legislative constipation 2 hurt America
We're not radical - we are pissed off over years of GOP obstruction. Reap what you have sown.
if you can't see that 
#thisisnotnormal then you are blind. Not radical, just a single mom of two who says #WakeUpAmerica
Doll, if the GOP wasn't so corrupt, we wouldn't have to oppose so much!
I am not a radical. I am an engineer with a masters degree. I've been contin employed for 30+ yrs. This admin is not normal.
democrats should definitely follow the bipartisan cooperation demonstrated by republicans the past eight years. Oh wait
well that strategy seemed to work well for you guys for 8 years so why not give it chance, right?
radical.... you keep on using that word. I don't think you know what it means.
Does that tactic sound FAMILIAR?  We watched 8 years of it.
sounds pretty familiar... #GOPObstructionistas
You're referring to the Obama beginnings and the EXACT repub verbiage! You have zero credibility to go with your lack of spine!
I guess dismissing legitimately concerned citizens as 'radicals' is your way of saying you've moved on from pretending decency.
Not radical, neo-liberal, progressive, or any label.  Just a retired school teacher on a limited pension. I VOTE & PAY TAXES!
You might wanna rethink whose radical. Repubs gerrymandered, redistricted, created antivoting laws & closed poll stations to win
should sound pretty familiar eh? That's pretty much the Republican Party platforms mission statement. "Oppose Everything"
the only thing radical I saw was your ignorant tweet.  Damn straight I'm going to oppose a Russian backed government.
I'm not a radical! I'm a middle aged dad of three who wants to drink beer and play video games in my spare time #notaradical
yeah hey bud, not a radical liberal. Simply want a country that is safe and equal for all who live here and come here.
p.s. We learned from example how to get shit done. Sorry we actually have backbones.
.@marcorubio @TedNesi Exactly how the GOP congress has been "governing" for the past 8 years. How's that for a taste of your own medicine?
I wonder were you the right wing radical that told many republicans to oppose everything Obama
When you originated the game it was not radical. It's still not. We're just playing by Rep. rules. U can dish but U can't take.
#stoplying
You deleted my tweets? Really?  I wasn't disrespectful, so what's the deal?
I guess I have to recreate them.
Left wing radicals?  How about informed voters, scared voters, and a few republicans with a conscience. All constituents too.
You need to stand up to him. You need to stop worrying about party lines and Trump's influence and worry about U.S. Citizens.
You were my choice for President, but I assure you that your subsequent behavior and cowardice to stand up to him changed that.
So grow some backbone and do the right thing. Put citizens before party lines.
Because otherwise you're just a power hungry political hack who bows down to the orange, loud-mouthed, uninformed bully.
not a radical. I actually once worked for the GOP. Y'all have just doubled down on crazy and I'm demanding dems stand up to it.
As opposed to the right-wing treason enablers? Grow up, you infant spit-up in a suit.
the pressure they are feeling is from their constituents. A pity you haven't felt the same re: refugee ban, devos, etc
And ur not feeling pressure to approve everything, even if it mocks the basis of our Constitution and values? @marcorubio @ReaganBattalion
is that how you described the tea part too?
I'm not a left-wing radical. I'm a parent of three, a student, I pay attention. I HATE what I see now. STOP IT!
Sounds a lot like what you & your colleagues did to #Obama. They're not radicals, just anti-fascist. #hypoctrite
I have no "colleagues" I voted for Obama twice. Hillary too. Susan Collins, yes. Rubio? Maybe. But not here, now.
. By "you and your colleagues," I was referring to Sen. Rubio. Sorry for the confusion. It was not directed at you.
RW radicals have been driving the GOP and are preparing to be the next Bissonette now that the gov't is essentially condoning it
We are called constituents, and we are expressing concern. Dismiss us if you want but we are paying attention. Your move.
you're just mad that they stole a play from the GOP playbook #hypocrite #hypocrisy
Radicals? Do you remember what you said about trump? You were RIGHT.  Are you radical? Grow a pair and be AMERICAN b4 GOP.
There's never been an administration quite like this one and there is NOTHING radical about opposing Bannon's presidency
people that disagree with you are radicals? I would say you are a disgrace to the office, but you're all scumbags, so you fit in
...and just HOW is this governing??
If they can't stand up to them they need to resign . No one needs to have a responsibility they can't uphold
tell McConnell to get his hand out of your ass Marco McCarthy
Except they call them "constituents". You work for ALL Americans. Stop labeling. We are passionate about a just America.
many jellyfish tell me you're their hero
We want you to vote against DeVos and any cabinet member who is not qualified to run the agency they have been appointed to
