I loved using this photo
during your re-election
AMERICA'S FAMILY
#Florida's favorite #Senator
and a #1 dad #Miami
The best title I will ever have is "Dad." Happy #FathersDay to all the dads out there.  Make it a great one.  #TeamMarco 
Loved using this photo as
well taken last 4th of July
(I enhanced it - was dark b4)
#Miami #TeamMarco
@TeamMarco #Orlando
#Tampa
Love this .. good one for The 4th !!
hermosa familia... muchísimas bendiciones para uds, mil gracias por el apoyo que nos brindan a los Venezolanos...
All the dads out here want health care for their children. Your's are covered, don't make other father's worry about theirs.
Must be nice to have lots of money and lots of time off. Unlike the people you're supposed to represent.
You and your family have healthcare insurance paid by taxpayers.  Feels good, right?
Many parents have children who are in need of medical attention yet cannot afford it.Just look at the Go Fund Me page & see how 2 help peopl
When history chronicles your life, do you think your children will be ashamed of your actions? #Complicit
They will be whether he thinks so or not
many fathers in Venezuela won't hug their children KILLED BY NICOLAS MADURO& CARIBEAN ISLANS are accomplices of THESE MURDERS #OEA UR TAKE?
What about families who will die under this healthcare bill ? U vote it in then we vote you out asap
And throw the fathers apart, who are not good enough. RT: 2017-06-20
What a lovely family, Marco! Happy Fathers Day!
Me too, right next to being mom
You should think of this family before you get involved with the bosses daughter.

@marcorubio Happy Father's Day to a Terrific Father, Senator & Human Being! 
#HappyFathersDay! Senator Rubio! #TeamMarco
Love this Picture! #HappyFathersDay Senator Rubio!
He looks like he planning to murder his family in this picture
Or the Dads of children with pre existing conditions that you will throw out of the ACA?Glad to see your beautiful family,but VOTE UR HEART!
#USA MUST TAKE A STANCE AGAINST CORRUPTED ISLANDS which VOTED AGAINST #VENEZUELA @OEA_oficial  UNACCEPTABLE! MUST ACT NOW! @Almagro_OEA2015
Those wishes include the Dads of DREAMERS that live in agony waiting for @POTUS o knock their door?? Where is your bill, Rubio?
beautiful family! grateful that they support you in your service to this nation!
I thought it was Little Marco
Thanks to MR for criticize Santos peace agreement and defend Col democracy. We dont want to be other Vzla.
The lasting title history will remember you for is Little Marco, for cowing to the lunacy and proving your humiliator right.
Stick to being Dad. You've not done well (nor have you done good) as a Senator.
Happy father day 
What a beautiful Family We The People are Thankful for You Sir ~ Your Family ... For the Sacrifice that comes w/Serving!
DILF
Glad you're happy with it. You'll never be President.
Your official title is 'do-nothing, absent for-voting Congressman.' But whatever helps you sleep at night.
"Sad to say that I maybe be going away from them to serve a long sentence for taking Russian & DeVos money "
You are an awesome dad!
Happy Father's Day Marco. You look like a good dad. But you are doing a terrible job as a politician. #DOUBLESTANDARD
Why don't you go and be with them and stop tweeting
You have a beautiful family sir! Keep up the good work and try and get more Repubs. to stick up for our President
Happy Father's Day Mr. Rubio.
#Dad's day GOP SHAME U refuse other dads
HC
living MinWage
wk pl safety
Internet access/privacy
Safe/clean food water streets
Voting right
but you don't care about other kids or you wouldn't have supported and taken a bribe from Devos. Tell your kids what you did.
you look like Arabs
Happy father's day!
Great looking family!  Thanks for sharing and we hope you had a great Fathers Day today!
Happy Father's Day Marco
God bless you and your beautiful family! I hope to see you President of the USA one day.
Why don't you ensure that all children have healthcare? Are you too "little", too weak, too greedy, too depraved?
And we in Florida will make sure that's the only one you have when election comes around.
He had to suck up to trump!
Beautiful family!!!
Beautiful family.  Hope you had a great Father's Day.
Just like you to celebrate overpopulating the planet.  I thought your best title was the one your daddy gave to you Little Marco
Trying to keep my small kids from seeing a damaged Navy ship on the news cuz their dad is deployed on 1 right now. It was such a great day.
Great family
Beautiful family!
Sick of you too!
#Dads need #healthcare for their kids! Public hearings on the Senate healthcare bill now!
i feel sorry you are their father
Beautiful family. I'd like to see you in the White House in 2021.
Happy Father Day and thank you for sharing this picture. Hope we meet you one day. God bless and thank you.
Happy #FathersDay to my favorite senator.  Hope you enjoyed today with your beautiful family.  Thank you for all you do for our country!
Very nice family. You're lucky and blessed. Just think of the families you'll destroy by repealing the ACA. Shameful.
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO YOU TOO!
You have a beautiful family! God bless them!
From a Trump supporter who is happy you stayed in the Senate!
Maybe to ur kids, but to your constituents in Florida, sellout & loser is the term that comes to mind
Happy Father's Day Senator! Make all of Florida's children proud of you.
Looks like a White House family to me...
#Rubio2020
Happy Father's Day Senator!!  Would love to meet you one day!!
The same to you
Happy Father's Day Marco!
@realDonaldTrump Saw Mo Brooks on Maria! He explained BRA/Bird Rule! Repubs are letting a few Dems WIN BC of Rule! Senate MUST change RULES!
@MariaBartiromo Mo Brooks explained BRA/Bird Rule! Get Senators on UR show & Grill them or NOTHING will pass! Dems will use Bird Rule 2 all
HFDay! Saw you on Maria! Mo Brooks explained The Bird Rule/BRA Y'all can't pass anything until you change the RULES! Repubs Last chance! WIN
At leat your family will continue to have health care insurance. Remember other families when the senate votes.
So! So! Happy you stayed in politics #Rubio. 
Look at all those #anchorbabies! So adorable. #TeamMarielito
True. Since you will never be elected to another office! #Marielito #TeamMarielito
Oh huny, you need to start using some contraception. We all know you make enough under the table deals to afford it
Happy Fathers Day !!
Happy Father's Day 
That's what it is all about! You are truly Blessed!
@BarackObama is a great dad too.  And he REALLY
cares about children.
Great pic Lil Marco! And not so Lil after all. Happy #FathersDay
Happy Father's Day, Senator!  God bless!!
You will be President one day!  Happy Father's Day, Senator.
Hope u are a good dad!
Happy #FathersDay
Happy Fathers Day Marco !!
Lovely family Mr. Rubio!!
That is a wonderful thing to say, beautiful family, thanks for sharing

(THREAD) We DO have PROOF Trump and Russia colluded. This thread PROVIDES it. Please read and RETWEET so we can end the no-collusion canard. 
Happy Father's Day Senator. Enjoy your day.
Happy Father's Day to you as well.
All the Cuban dad's who just lost new business wish you a bad day.
A beautiful family Senator.
A beautiful family
Happy Fathers Day! #TeamMarco #FathersDay Enjoy the day with your family.
Enjoy your Father's Day!
RUBIO YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HERE IN AMERICA,YOUR PARENTS  CAME TO AMERICA FOR A BETTER LIFE,WHY DO YOU DENY THIS  TO OTHER IMMIGRANTS?
Such a pretty family! Happy Fathers Day!
This #FathersDay, @marcorubio, think of the children your party plans to deprive of lifesaving treatment with secret #Trumpcare.
Enjoy father's day as you take healthcare away from 2.7 million residents. You can demand an open hearing in the Senate and chose not to
Beautiful family. Take a moment to think of  dads and kids who need the lucky among us to protect their feeesom from oppression and illness
HAPPY Fathers Day tu yu
Beautiful family.
happyfathers day
Happy Father's day. I am a liberal, but after seeing you in MTP I think I.could vote for u. U seem to put country first. Hummm interesting
Beautiful family Senator.
Great looking family Marco. Happy Father's Day to you.
It's the only title you should have. #notfittoserve
Malachi 4:6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers.
How about applying those principles to your constituents?
Beautiful family. God has blessed you.
lets get behind Trump and get things done or get the hell out. make a stand. u r my senator. let's go
Sad .. don blocks 500,000 member VoteVets... and ignores lost sailors to whine about HIS "ratings".... WTH has American leadership become??
Had no idea you married to current Mrs. Florida.  First lady to the left. If not the current reigning Mrs. Florida RUN!!!!
Happy Father's Day, Senator Rubio  Love this tweet and Love your family picturePraise God for you and your family
Thank you for supporting our POTUS Trump this month.  I hope you continue to do so. Our children's future depends on it.
@realDonaldTrump 's "Little Marco" is a close second.
Beautiful family
Very beautiful&happy family.i peryer for yours.
Thank you, sir!
Beats the hell out of "Trump Sell-Out."
Thank you Mr. Rubio, Blessings from the Doane's!
Happy Father's Day Marco!  Great looking family!
What a beautiful family! Please keep supporting our President. He didn't mean the stuff on the campaign. That's politics... 
Wishing you the happiest #FathersDay You have a beautiful family  Enjoy the day 
You are a great American, Marco, God bless you and your family, happy father's day.
Beautiful family!
Great picture. And Family.
Oh I dunno? What abt the title your boss gave you? "Little Marco"? Oh, that was when you thought he was a bad man. I get it. 
such a beautiful family
Happy fathers day to the man I hope becomes President after President Trump!!
Witch one of these is the one you brought to the mic after the presidential debate?
Happy father's day marco
Evidently u don't care enough about ur kids to give them healthcare. POS. #potusasskisser #traitor #russianmoney
and those who will be ashamed of not being a provider once loose family health care! !
Feel bad for your children. Someday they'll learn that their father was complicit in aiding the Trump Admin bring down the country
Not buyin' it Senator. You'e bucking for 'Mr. President'...
Happy Father's Day!!
But as adults they will have the shame of knowing you served the most disgraced POTUS in US history. Think about that!
Happy Father's Day to you
ARE YOU FAMILL  ...   BEAUTİFUL  .
Happy Father's Day Sen. Marco
Feliz dia del padre !!!  es una preciosa familia 
Beautiful Family   Thank you for all you do to support the President
Something I can actually agree with you on.
Lovely family Marco
For a second, I was wondering where your wife was. Took me a while to see she's on left as it seemed like only your children in the pic! 
For once I agree and yet he found time to be on every Sunday show on Father's Day???
Then resign so that will be your focus.
that include illegal inmigrants?... they have also kids, and they dont know when is last day are going to see their kids...
Happy Father's Day, Senator
All these crying trolls about healthcare, Obamacare was an absolute unmitigated failure!
God bless you and your family sir, great job today, wish more of the senate would support @POTUS ignore the trolls.
Beautiful Family God bless
Thank you an you have a good fathers day !
Happy Father's Day @marcorubio
Thanks! My HUSBAND and I are enjoying our first #fathersday #MAGA #lgbt
I miss you have a blessed day!
Beautiful Family.  Truly a blessing.  Happy Father's Day and God Bless the Rubio Family.
Happy Fathers Day!! I hope you have a wonderful day Senator #TeamMarco #HappyFathersDay
I'm a big supporter Marco. You were my choice and I like how you rose above campaign rhetoric and support our Pres. Happy Fathers Day!
Beautiful family!! You are a CLASS ACT @marcorubio and you have our admiration & respect. Have the BEST Father's Day!!
Happy Father's Day, Marco!
Thank you for your support for Singularity on Facebook. We are going to bring the eternal adhesion to consciousness to earth
very nice photo. #grapevinetexascremations
Happy Father's Day! Beautiful family. 
humble brag. tell us about you other titles?
I wonder if butter melts in his mouth 
