Tots and prayers*
You're the villain here.


Bake it off! Bake it off!
Any guy who triples-down on tater puns gets my follow#DontTouchMyTots
Thanks. I'm pretty fry for a white guy.
Well- she has a point. While it is rare to see tater tots on a menu, they should be. It’s an under appreciated starch treasure
We have a place here in town that offers tots or fries with their half-price burgers on Tuesdays...DEEEEELISH!!!

LOL!!!   Didn't expect that.  You win.
omigosh! too funny
And I thought I had problems (I ate romaine!)
I ate romaine for five days in a row, not sick yet, so I'm hopeful!

It's 5 o'clock somewhere 
Or could be worse. A friend was helping with a kids party at one of those water park resorts and was told the bar was closed for the weekend...
Oh no. I'd be on the first Nope Train, destination Nopesville.
She called me in a panic. No room service either. So, she went to a bar for takeout and a liquor store so they could mix their own drinks :-)
Somebody must make tater tot-flavored vodka. Musn't they?

We need to close all access to that hotel until we can figure out what the hell is going on.
appoint a special counsel!
Ah, Katie, it is. TTs are a human right.
That’s what I’m saying!
Does she have little kids with her? If so, I back her 1000%. Woe to those who withhold poolside fried potatoes when children are hungry. Never ends well.
Lady has priorities. Respect.
Not worried about calories, living life
If only!
What is this, some type of dic “tater”ship?
Omg I cackled reading this!
Strong
The very existence of tots is ridiculous and poutine is ridiculous but once you get over that there’s nothing more sinful and fabulous than tater tot poutine
Oof. That’s hard. Straight to the drinks cart.
TOTally ridiculous.
Totes!
*TOTes
Tweet ya to that one hours ago. Fry again.
I always travel with my own Tater Tots to avoid this sort of untenable situation.
Untotable...
I mean, what's a hotel pool experience without tater tots? Might as well be raining.
Why is this so funny
“So, no tater tots?”
too many government regulations - Trump will free the tater tots
He's probably the one that ate them all!!!!
What part of West Virginia are you in?
Don’t hate.
Just joshin’
Ever been to the WV?
I haven’t, yet.
 agree- ridiculous
She has a point
That’s some cutting-edge commentary from your Pool neighbor
Children love tater tots. And if her comment was a result of their impending disappointment, it is understandable. And yet, if she alone was distressed for missing out on the tantalizing taste of tater tots, I praise her for her piercing transparency and vulnerability…
Frederick Douglas is doing great things these days.
Tell the restaurant manager that Amazon Prime can deliver in an hour.

You beat me to it!
Hahaha beat me too.

What, no Tots!
Pool side chaise doubles as a fainting couch.
Well.
I mean, she's not wrong

If I wanted something your thumb touched, I’d eat the inside of your ear.
Make America Tate Again
Is it wrong that I agree entirely?
Must be the original Tater Tots, not the fancy gourmet kind,
Not to make anyone envious, but @TOTBOSStruck is coming to my workplace next week. 
I’m very excited for some totchos! 
Anybody expecting tater tots to NOT be sold out the day after 4/20 hasn't been paying attention.
Take an emergency trip to Sonic for tater tots !
We're pulling the account!!
#TaterTotGate
Dammit now I want tater tots
Katy Tur can turn stones into Tater Tots.
#tougherthanshelooks

I'm inclined to agree
Tater tots are available from the Mar-a-Lago snack court. Unfortunately, we do not serve women. Keep lookin, lady.
maybe she should ask god to provide her tater tots
I think we can close Twitter for the day.
#totesridic
A girls gotta have her tots
Just wondering how often I show up in a tweet as the "woman next to me."
The Great Potato Famine
Well it is
What's more ridiculous is that they serve tater tots at the pool. Soggy tater tots are a sacrilege
Is that a new flavor of margarita?


wha hotel is this,
CrackerBarrell Suites??
Was it the @PressSec??
First world problems
That reaction is only appropriate if told there is no gin.
Let me speak to the manager
It's beyond ridiculous!!! How can a place claim to be fill-service without tater tots!?My God!!!
First World Problems
Now I want some tater tots...covered in cheese...and bacon
We all have our crosses to bear Katy...
Ohhhhhhhhh the humanity !!!
End of days

It’s a tough life...
And....( White privilege)
Ha, KFC didn't have any potpies  today!
I want stay at any hotel that doesn’t have tater tots.
Please, what hotel is this? They really should be tater tot shamed. I mean, really, who does this?
Ain’t that America.
Trump wrote an EO banning tots cuz Obama ate one once
100% correct
I mean, how can there be no Tots???  That's def shady.
Makes sense. It is ridiculous, how do you run out of tater tots? It’s not sea bass!

You're in Branson?
Your***  dang it Twitter,  get an edit feature
Running out of tater tots never happened under Obama.  Another example of just how bad it's gotten.
i’d like to say i’m mature enough not to have said the same thing. but...

Found your tater tots!! @KatyTurNBC @DutchBrownell

Some of these replies make me just freak’n love twitter......most all are so dam funny!! Made my day!
I agree
Was she wearing a MAGA hat?
Thanks Trump.
TOTally unacceptable.
I don’t know why anybody wants Tater Tots at the pool, but setting aside that questionable combination, she’s right
They are readily available in most parts of the world that would have things like pools
Redefining “First World Problems” one potato at a time.
She’s right
I eat romaine every day.
Didn't realize until yesterday that the ban had widened. Waiting for symptoms...
Oh no!

@jessiikohl lol
I mean...that is ridiculous. 
Fries the limit
Wholly underappreciated
Deep State again
Boycott that hotel! This is America! What do we want? TOTS!  When do we want them? NOW!
Third World problem ...
No chicken at KFC is ridiculous! 
They must have been used in the... wait for it... Tater Salad
Oh the humanity!!! Lol!
Hey Katy, ur just jealous bc that's her priority concern & there u are worrying abt the fate of our country, insanity in WH...
Worst.Vacation.Ever.
Imagine a world where we are all just eating tots by the pool. Ahhh... peace on earth. Let’s tot it out.
#ThanksObama
Trump ate them all up. 
Ok @KatyTurNBC next week you will be introduced to the magic known as tater tot hot dish.
LOL, she's not wrong.
She's not wrong
Hey Napoleon gimme one of your tots...
Need to get @darth on this stat
Will she be able to manage?

Are you at a Motel 6?
All of my fellow Hospitality people are laughing/crying at this right now. #thisismylife
Does it say on the menu
“Tater Tots”
 {In season) ?
Hanging by the pool w/ @SaraMurray again eh? 
When is the march?
Yes, god forbid.  Simply impossible to keep frozen tater tots that are, presumably, ON THE MENU, in stock in the freezer.  Good to know your idiotic stream of consciousness is somehow Twitter worthy.  #BraindeadMoron




I can do a shameless plug for Molly Yeh’s North Dakota cookbook, where at least once she says “cover that b_tch with tater tots.”

Hmm. The very notion of requesting tater tots while poolside, gives one pause. But perhaps that’s just me.
Well, as long as it's served with a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
She was going to eat tater tots by the pool? And she thinks that’s so much of a thing that to have no poolside tots is “ridiculous”? Where was this woman from? Wait- I know:
Oh that is perfect. And now I’m craving tots.
By the pool, or just in general?
Tots anywhere...
It’s s human right issue, surely
Que est Que C'est Tater Tots?
I've just Googled them. Not a thing we have in UK. Sound good. A bit like potato latkes.

I have made those tater tot waffles and they are every bit a fantastic as you would expect
What? @FourSeasons doesn't do tater tots!
She’ll probably demand her money back! 

Lobster Tater Tots Chopped salad and Chardonnay 
That hotel is history’s greatest monster.

Try the goldfish.
How dreadfully totless of them.
Call the tot cops,
This would never happen in Minnesota.
Poor pampered princess...
She’s fucking right.
goddamn tyranny
I was told America was being Made Great
What pool are you at that serves tater tots - as in just today they're gone vs we don't serve tater tots here?

Could've been worse.
word
Gotta keep things in perspective
So you’re at a hotel pool in Minnesota. Got it.
Gotta be prepared for these eventualities
The Horror!
She was probably asking for her toddler. Have you ever told a toddler that there were no tater tots?
She wants her tots.
UberEats!
Wait'll she finds out they're out of Spam and crackers.....
The withholding of tater tots nationwide is becoming more than ridiculous. It’s absurd!!
Thanks Obama
She’s not wrong. 
Tots > fries
Thanks Trump!!
That's hilarious 
and I rest my case - @inihelene
I would change hotels. How the hell could they run out of tater tots?
She’s not wrong.
First world problems
@KatyTurNBC at the pool omg 
Ha! I get to eat MIDDLE SCHOOL CAFETERIA tater tots. NO FAKE NEWS!
She’s not wrong

You deserve a salary increase, Katy.  Nobody who works as hard as you should have to stay at a hotel without tater tots.
Agreed.
First world problems.  

Of the obese.
Maybe she meant in an existential sense?
If that’s her potato line in the sand...so be it!
I think Tater Tots is a registered trademark. Are we talking about something else? What kind of resort would serve "Tater Tots"?
The dog ate them...
Outrageous.
That’s my reaction when they say they’re out of rum
There's a pool at the hourly rate hotel? They serve tater tots poolside?

That is awesome.
Is she wrong? I think not.
Nice environmentalists are fascinated by artery-clogging tater tots. 90 million a year are eaten.
#ImWithHer
And this is why we have Trump in WH. Idiotic Americans.
She's not wrong
Somebody inform the White House! 
Is America out?
It is.
Am gonna Tot this on my Tater app

Understatement. The act or an instance of understating.

I’m with her. Any restaurant that can’t even tot right!?! Nah.
The Great Tater Famine of 2018.
Serious biz for Napoleon.
I mean she not wrong tho.
Where you at, Motel 6?
Ugh. That IS ridiculous.
