so we have a Consumer PROTECTION Bureau that doesn't protect consumers, Environmental PROTECTION Agency that doesn't protect the environment - both seem to do the OPPOSITE of what they're supposed to while on taxpayer dime... this is SWAMP & @realDonaldTrump is responsible!
@hardball @washingtonpost 
Citizens United has codified bribery and led to treason.
Citizens United. I’d love for us to get rid of it.
More evidence of the central truth of Donald Trump: 

Trump never cared about law and order or the forgotten American. He only cared about enriching himself and his friends. And in doing so he dishonored the White House and our nation on a daily basis.
Money is corrosive. But individuals can be corrupt. Is it the money or the unethical people?
Most corrupt administration in American history.
Lobbyist have ruined our democracy
Not mentioned on Fox News at all.
Money is always corrosive in an inequitable society, when some have money and many others don't have money. So the problem is not limited just to politics.
Lobbyists should outlawed
Trump wants all the Mulvaney’s he can get. That way nobody will say a word abt Trump’s pay to play scheme that’s on going
Shameless.
Mulvany said what we have known for years.  We have to get Citizens United v FEC reversed and Leadership PACs abolished.
He should be in Jail, This is the swam! @JPMicSee
It highlights the corrosive influence Mick Mulvaney and @realDonaldTrump in politics. #AdministrativeProfessionalsDay
his existence in this position is an example of the destruction of our democracy from the inside.
He should be fired!  That's not what this country should be about!
Welcome to the cabinet of the apocalypse 
If he took money over the table, he took it under....we need financial investigators or the FEC or somefuckingone to look at this!
Will this fact be swept under the rug
His constituency paid for electing him. Just not in cash. Their loss.
The Trump Era is like  OJ’s Bronco chase. I’ll bet there are people that haven’t mowed their lawns since the chase started.
Are they?  So many over-the-top behaviors tells me that they are trying too hard to get along.
@KatyTurNBC Crooked Mick Mulvaney
"Drain The Swamp" -- what a joke on us.
This is simply reprehensible. He should be forced to resign.
Not to mention the abject immorality and corruption of this administration that his history, along with many others is accepted by Congress and @realdonaldtrump.
“Swamp Thing”
