Nothing like watching Michael Avenatti and Kellyanne Conway meet for the first time at a party in Washington.
People living anywhere else in the country couldn’t care less about the White House Correspondents Dinner weekend.
Thanks, Jeremy.
thats honestly exactly why the whole event is a problem
What happens when matter comes in contact with anti-matter?

Is the universe at risk?
1
Does anyone outside Washington wonder such a thing?
Its more than weird. Real journalists don't socialize with the politicians they cover.
https://twitter.com/GarrettHaake/status/990090913128046592?s=19 …
#WHCD conveniently mischeduled, but 
consolation entertainment for those of us in DC media who can't/aren't allowed to attend mother of music fests, #NewOrleans @jazzfest here in #NOLA #Louisiana ...
Garrett.  I don't know how you don't have your own show on MSNBC. Keep up the great work. Love from Canada.

KAC can destroy more brain cell per seconds when put up against street made methamphetamines. Talk to her at your own risk. It's written on the bottle
Dramatic recreation
Guess who?
I'm here for the weird Garrett.
Your congressional coverage on @msnbc is always great but I always got the same feeling as when I saw a new championship team really come together. Like, this kid’s good but they obviously know he is better than we know and this is why he’s getting minutes. Apparently this is why
Watch as journos jerk themselves off to each other
I'm sensing a rip in the space time continuum.
Quick, have Jordi reconfigure the deflector array! 
Michael Avenatti is a very very bright, street wise lawyer. He tells the truth.  I would give anything to be a fly on the wall to watch them both debate. The situation Stormy is in legally. Michael is a straight arrow. Kelly Ann Conway is a slick fast talker.

@KatyTurNBC Can you please please please post some pics for those of us at a distance?
Yessiree, that is some epic weird.
Can’t wait for film at 11, pictures and comments. I’ll expect the comic relief to be epic!
I hope someone caught that specific moment on camera - awk-ward.
