Notice how Macron is more fluent in English than @realDonaldTrump?!!
Hahaha ...he is speaking French . ..what you hear is a translator ....
He was speaking English in response to the American reporter’s question!
He's smarter.
You're welcome.
He loves Trump ..thanks ...
Macron doesn’t ‘love’ @realDonaldTrump, he just knows what he has to subject himself to in order to play him!!
Yes ....you are the witch of the Democratic party that can read the mind of any French man ....sure 
..
I can almost guarantee you be thinks Trump is a buffoon.
I just heard he wants him to fight now...this is insanity!!
Of course he gives no thought to the fact that he dragged Jackson into this mess in the first place; or that bc of his (mis)administration's lousy vetting procedures, the subsequent exposure has now likely ruined the doctor's Naval career.
Question? Do we get a redo of Lumpy Trump's  physical? 
He's done.
Well if he didnt want to put him through a process like this than maybe they should do proper vetting before nominating them for important cabinet position. He is not qualified for Head of the VA anyway.
I say done. Put him in charge of the Battle Against Opioids and locking up the doctors who overprescribe. He’s more qualified for that.
Being a drunk MD, treating coworkers like sh&$, giving out controlled drugs like candy....AND getting away with it for years...that’s disgusting
Hard to run any organization from under a bus.
Vetting is disgusting ? #Resist #TuesdayThoughts But hyping a fake birther story is just friggin fine

except @realDonaldTrump is too chicken to withdraw the nomination, he is too chicken to ever fire anyone, he is a wimp
POTUS should know "disgusting "
I have no idea. I’m still thinking about tater tots.
If this doctor was such a wreck why did Obama promote him?
Why are people not upset w/Trump for talking  about America & its democratic processes & procedures? (“Disgusting”) & talking trash about Americans AKA democrats. IDK if he knows this but he is supposed to represent ALL Americans. & while Calling Kim Jong-Un “honorable”?
So being interviewed before being hired is now a disgusting process? Seriously?
Toast
Donnie, you're next.
It's you.
So, Trump is criticizing Congress for having misgivings about Ronny Jackson.  It's a disgusting process?  Really, because Congress is doing their job?
I’m sure Trump views it a disgusting process to be confronted with mistakes made in the past & actually be held accountable for your actions.  Trump would never survive such an ordeal. Terrifying to him I’m sure.
tRUmp is using Jackson as a excuse for how he sees himself being victimized...a full stop narcissistic move is all.
Yea, vetting a top exec or cabinet members, soo disgusting. What kind of country doesn’t just let the King hire whoever he wants?
It’s too bad Trump doesn’t think it’s important to nominate qualified candidates. Has any previous president ever nominated so many unqualified candidates for senate confirmation?  He’s got to be going for the record...
Gotta be the “excessive drinking on the job”. I mean, he’s a doctor. Isn’t any drinking on the job a bad idea?
He is now.
He should be done. He’s awful. Pretty much explains why he so easily LIED for Trump. He was doing stuff at work he shouldn’t do; lied to keep his job.
Yep...his way of saving himself from admitting it was a stupid pick. Also, can you clarify why he's saying the Dems are holding up confirmation of Amb to Germany when Repubs have the majority???
Do u understand majority ?? Some positions need 60 votes ...there is a 1 vote majority in the Senate right now...
Thatvwas Trump's kiss of death if you ask me! Bye, bye Ronny! Maybe Trump wants him out of WH cuz Trump has been in meltdown &  WH doc can declare he's not fit to serve (25th amendment)....who the fuck knows..
Funny how the concept of “extreme vetting” becomes a “disgusting” process when it affects someone Trump likes.
I think the MAN is disgusting, NOT the process!! That applies to Jackson and Trump! 
Not to mention a waste of tax payers money.
It's called extreme vetting.
Sounds petulant to me. His pick didn’t meet scrutiny, so he’s going to take his toys and go home, blaming everyone else along the way. His choices are all OUR fault.
Exactly why you vet a candidate first, Trump.
Now @realDonaldTrump needs to be “done done done.”
That was my thought. What could he have done to be too toxic for Trump?
Same difference however!Duh!
Stick a fork in him.
The only thing that's too disgusting is Trump.
Funny that, since Trump is a big part of why the process is more disgusting than ever before.
Done.
Thank trump for screwing his doctor.  If WH has vetted the man it could have been settled in private but due to lack of prep they Fked him over
That "bus" never gets turned off. They must have drivers in shift.
Bring out the big fork...chances are he is done!
Cooked and under the bus
Guess that means no more appointments that need confirmation because they all would have to go through that disgusting hearing.  Or maybe, if Trump would appoint qualified and well vetted people the confirmation would be a cake walk.
@realDonaldTrump   There is nothing wrong with the confirmation process.  It is supposed to be a check and balance.  Had you done proper vetting, you would have found out about Jackson's problems.  And he should not have been nominated.
What he must understand is the fact that just because people don’t agree with him or his vision of America in no way means that they don’t care about our country! I believe that they care dearly about our country and are willing to fight for it!

He’s absolutely back peddling.
What’s disgusting? The process or the doctor?
More than done done done, he was really saying get the hell out of here.
Did he really mean to say "I'm too disgusting"
So done
Its only disgusting if you’re disgusting.
Cooked
Just another horrible candidate in a long line of horrible candidates, with more to come. Scandalous is as scandalous does.
He forgot he nominated him, and he did it to distract.
Trump figures if he wants him there should be no questions asked, he doesn’t need to be qualified.
And yet Trump managed to slime DC on way outta there. #MuellerIsComingForYou
239
239
239
239
239
239
239
239
Yeah put a fork in him
Suggested headline: “Trump refuses to give up Obama’s doctor“. Jackson gone. Tomorrow.
Yup, stick a fork in him
Why is trump putting us through this presidency? It’s also too@disgusting. Why does Jackson get special treatment??
Where’s the apology for failing to vet this nominee? Trump put this man under the microscope without proper interviewing.
Dr. Jackson wasn't vetted. WHY is it the fault of the press and (D) as Trump stated during the press conference. Both (R) and (D) agreed to hold off.
“Too disgusting” to go through due process and maybe be disqualified from running one of the biggest agencies of government without managerial experience & under suspicion of poor personal & medical behavior?
Trump got the word from Kochs & Mercers that they didn't want someone at VA who wouldn't privatize it.
Vetting a candidate for a big job is important. We want to know this sort of stuff BEFORE they get the job not AFTER. Having a head of the VA who may abuse alcohol or mis-prescribe drugs is a terrible example for the head of the VA of all things.
Sounds like “dude please withdraw your nomination”
Everyone Trump touches is tainted.
“I don’t want to put a man through a process like this.” It wouldn’t be such a terrible process if you picked people who were actually qualified and vetted properly. <sigh>
Stick a fork in the good Dr cause he is done
He’s toast.
How about Bonespurs saying he hasn’t heard what was reported about Ronny?????another lie
Did u get what he said!?!?
I would walk away....wish could do it?!?!
What?!?! please just walk away...make our day!
Done, done, done is right
By “this” he means vetting the candidate?
Only a lazy and disrespectful imp would have sent him into that process...
When it comes to disgusting there’s no better authority than @realDonaldTrump
MSNBC said a new congressman would be elected in Arizona today.
Really??
Both candidates are women.
It’s not you.  Perhaps someone should tell Donny about vetting prior to nominating.  Too impulsive.
Dr. Ronny is about as competent and believable as Dr. Harold did-too-much-acid-in-the-60s Bornstein.
Sounds like a Man
THAT'S
NOT ONLY
Frustrated with
The CORRUPT BIASED
 MSM
(that thank God HE has EXPOSED for what it is)
But
Also a Man
Whose Completely DISGUSTED
as
WE the PEOPLE ARE
at
The DEMOCRAT OBSTRUCTIONISTS

That DO NOTHING
for 
We the PEOPLE

THEY'RE EXPOSED
Dr Jackson was done before he wasn’t done!
He keeps nominating unqualified candidates as he is one himself. Good, qualified people don't want to work for him.
y does Jackson even have a job he is clearly part of problem at the VA. This country is FOS, zero confidence in USA’s future
Moron...
@potus is talking about disgusting like you.
Anyone going through the process for nomination by any President should have to perform a drug test and wear a lie detector during the questioning and the I don't recall answers start.
You’re such a non-partisan, aren’t you?
Katy Tur Franks opponent in 2016 was independent not Democrat.
And another one bites the dust!
If the Democraps cant win fair and square ...
they pull out the hostile work environment!

Pathetic.
They got Pompeo, it was all a ruse.
He can’t risk putting his adderal dealer in harm’s way.
I can’t listen to 45 talk,so unless u have a transcript....
What's remarkable is that the man who promised he'd have "the best people" thinks actually vetting them is a disgusting process.

Or maybe he thinks it's disgusting that Jackson is getting blackballed for far less serious shit than what Trump got a pass into the Oval Office for.
Da doo ron ron ron
Da doo ron ron ron
We did have the votes, 21 to zip 
Smile of Judas on your lip
Shake my fist, knock on wood
I got it bad & Igot it good

DOCTOR, DOCTOR gimme the news
I got a bad case of #voting4you
No pill's gonna cure my ill
I got a bad case of #voting4you
Trump doesn't want another embarrassing interview process where the finger will point at him! He's been told he picked ANOTHER loser so he's trying to save face.
But look who he suggests be blamed..... Not eminently unqualified Dr #RonnyJackson, or his own ineptitude, failure to vet or choose someone who can do job of managing #VeteransAffairs. No different than #BenCarson at #HUD. #TrumpUnfit #ImpeachTrump #NeedtoImpeach .@Need2Impeach
Probably well done. Seems like Dr. Jackson has a story to tell though. Would like to know why he lied about Trump's health in that press conference. Blackmail? If the allegations against him are true, what was he doing in the White House?
If the allegations are true of a hostile workplace, excessive drinking and over prescribing medications the. He should be fired as WH physician.
It seems it was Jackson's reward for giving @realDonaldTrump his amazing clean bill of health. What a farce.
Agreed. It's the best explanation for both the nomination and the statement.
EVERYONE who is touched by the Trump monster is ruined.
I think you people need to start reminding that president that while Obama was president the "REPUBLICANS" would never agree to NOTHING- nothing-nothing, and even said they would not corporate with Obama. Trump has SOME nerve and no honor @realDonaldTrump @potus @WhiteHouse
TYPO with spell check............correction * cooperate
U-BETCHA
Disgusting is when your dog vomits on the couch. The Senate doing oversight is just normal business. He seems to like using that word in inappropriate ways.
45 says the process is disgusting but doesn’t address the actions?!
@realDonaldTrump When your nominee is inappropriate, unqualified and unethical you get what you get.
Sounds like Trump is foaming the runway...
Maybe it's Ronny Jackson who's a drunk/drugged up loser? #Trump
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked & respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
It's so digusting how his past actions might effect his future employment - that never happens!
Disgusting??????  How about appropriate?  It isn't disgusting to pick a person because they look good on TV?  It isn't disgusting to pick somebody who isn't equipped for the job and most likely would embarrass himself at confirmation?  Yes, Trump is disgusting in most things.
Also: The newest ridiculous talking head phrase that needs to be stopped: Giving someone "off ramps." Ugh.
well gee don't fill any posts because of that Pesky Questions and Answering process of our DEMOCRATIC Process.  Dictator laments about our American Traditions
More like excuses and CYA
My nominee for VA?
Carly Fiorina
We’ve never had this much trouble getting people through the process, he should quit trying until the Dems care if anyone is in those positions
I guess he never heard about the process of vetting no matter how nice a person you may be...
Perhaps there’s someone with experience to run the second largest department behind the military. Someone who doesn’t lie. There’s a concept!
If a doctor claims that someone with a better diet could live to be 200 years old, he deserves what he gets.
Well pres spanky pants surely knows disgusting
It wouldn't have been necessary if Trump & Co. had actually vetted him in the first place. Incompetence is everywhere.
Does this mean Dr Jackson would remain as White House physician?
What is this phenomenon where someone like @realDonaldTrump , with no specific foreknowledge, is drawn to OTHER flawed individuals? Like a drug addict's innate ability to find other drug addicts. To Ronny Jackson; "There's something I like about you!". Truly 'BIRDS OF A FEATHER'
Can't be worse than examining DJT..
Truth to Trump is like  daylight to Dracula.
As Chris Connor, vocalist with Stan Kenton, sang in 1953:  “All about Ronnie, there’s so much to tell.”
As usual, he’s covering his a$$. It’s all about him. Do these allegations mean an inquiry into his job performance? Does he report to Kelly?
Definitely done
Aside from the copout it means:  I don't want to put Jackson through what I'm going through.
#ETTD
Done.
Done as in he's cooked!
One word...foresight.
It is too disgusting to vet a job candidate to determine if they ha e the qualifications for a job? Of course trump would find that offensive as he himself is unqualified.
@potus doesn’t want testimony about whether Ronny was drunk when he performed Presidential Exam.
lol that jackson could have worked for many more years as the president's dr but everything trump touches turns to shit.
The process he refers to is known as vetting. What makes it so unpleasant is when it’s done after the nomination instead of before.
Put a in him, he's done.
Translation: I'm pulling him because he's unfit.
Everyone is saying Jackson is out and Bornstein is in!
It wouldn't be disgusting for a highly qualified candidate.
Bless his heart
How long until Gen. Kelly gets blamed for Trump being embarrassed by the Jackson nomination? Next weekend's tweets?
Maybe he's talking about himself?
What I said: let the "heaping of abuse" on Trump commerce.
YES but his 1st response to EdHenry #FoxNews was that he didn't hear about the allegations re Dr. Jackson. Then he starts circle jerk talking about dif topics and the "vicious obstructionists"and we find out he did hear the allegations! #DJT is mentally unstable&lies constantly
Perfectly fine Putting a Duly Elected President through the "disgusting" process though. Got it.
Who's Dr. Jackson.
“He’s too disgusting.” FTFY
It's like delousing. It's nobody's favorite job, but it's only disgusting when there are lice found.
So I assume the weight/height/obesity and healthiest man alive assesment is now #FakeNews
Yup: It sounds like Trump is breaking up with him. “It’s not you it’s me! You are too good for me.”
His staff is probably thinking "you know, it would be nice if you gave us advance notice before you stupidly, spur-of-the-moment, publicly announce a nominee, so we can vet them."
It's hard when they won't let you drink at work.

Trump called the media "vicious people getting great ratings". He also said, in a way, he'd like to be Ronny Jackson.
I love the way he turns a controversial pick into a disgusting process. Yes, done. Easier to be done than to actually vet.
Wait ... @realDonaldTrump used a 3 syllable word?
This is Donnie NOT taking responsibility for his awful choice to run the VA. I can think of ten retired military officers qualified to take that job.
Who gives a shit?
Err...maybe he should try vetting his nominees for a change?
Yes. Let’s save all the too good men from politics. Now that’s a GOP platform I could appreciate.
Done done done.

If by disgusting he means working for Trump, I’d agree.
Trump's probably referring to the process of having to give a medical examination to Trump.

How truly disgusting that must really be.

I'd totally day-drink too...
Several weeks ago I heard mooch say Dr Jackson gave him a shot of penicillin and steroid at Trumps request.  That raised quite the concern amongst his fellow doctors..... that not how we do it.
But DJT will NEVER take responsibility that he nominated Dr. Jackson without any vetting.  You broke it, you own it.
He's toast.
Trump pretty much made Dr Jackson's bed with that disgusting performance he out him through after the physical
Boy does he have a great understanding on how democracy works. NO
Can't wait for the lies from @PressSec....
"Dems need to decide if they hate the @POTUS more than allowing a drunk opiod pushing unqualified quack to take care of the 22 MILLION vets that need assistance."
I thought the same thing...he's out
as always Trump focuses on the process being disgusting and not any personal actions the individual might have done that creates the questioning same as he has lived his life for decades
You are missing the lede. Trump sounds like TRUMP is seriously pondering getting out clean via resignation. Save this tweet.
I guess lying about his weight and physical fitness just wasn't enough. It's heartbreaking to lose a BFF.
Anybody think Trump is talking about himself being "put through a process like this."  Poor baby.
Disgusting is nominating a totally unqualified person to lead  @DeptVetAffairs when we have an ever increasing number of Veterans and their families in need of service.
Apparently so.
Sounds to me that he blames everyone instead of himself as usual what a waste they made a production out of this visit to keep you guys off the air trump is a low life
Trump doesn’t care for the vulgar nature of politics hahahaha!!
yeah he feels so sympathetic for people who are rightfully scrutinized to face the music.
I guess Trump should have vetted Dr Jackson BEFORE nominating him. We literally have a half-wit as President...and I apologize for offending all half-wits.
Nobody cares about the Veterans more than Trump, which is why he spent all of ten minutes in selecting a new VA nominee. And there apparently was no vetting.  It’s like the guy who says he loves his wife more than anything but puts little thought into an anniversary gift.
He's done...over-dispensing meds is a cardinal sin..
Hmmm...Fake nominee?  Time to get Trumpov a non-fake physical revealing the morbidly obese walking risk factor he is
donny just put a fork in the DRUNK'EN DR
Done done done 
100% agree
