The most important reason to vote no, he is not the most qualified candidate to help our vets. He much to eager to please his boss. He would not be following his oath to do no harm.
Just another Trump attempt at destroying the USA for Putin.
Time to apologize to Chelsea Clinton for accusing her of being a liar. In your haste to defend Chozick & your shared fact checker, who Chozick herself threw under the bus, you didn't bother to fact check yourself. Shame on you. Do better.
Its amazing these hacks who literally read teleprompters have the gale to claim Jackson is unqualified. How is Katy Tur a two bit journalist qualified to level this opinion?
As someone who uses the VA and served next to Navy Medical Corps offocers.. ADM Jackson is unqualified to run the VA. Never should have been considered.
Because all of the “qualified” people before him did such a stellar job with the VA. What exactly makes ADM Jackson unqualified? 

Ignore the baseless accusations. Just about his career makes him unqualified.
I have worked with physicians my entire adult life as part of my service and now my profession. I have a degree in Healthcare Adminstration.. He isn’t qualified for this job. That is an opinion based on experience. What’s yours based on that he is?
I think being the WH Physician through 3 POTUS coordinating the logistics for an intensive healthcare unit that is constantly on the move that requires intensive attention to detail and accuracy shows he quite a competent person. I don’t have healthcare experience but have
management experience and competency and attention to detail are extremely important, judging by review from the two past POTUS all glowing reviews about his competence says he’s a highly intelligent individual. See you didn’t give me reason you gave me your resume.
He isn’t qualified... and he will never be VA Sec for that reason. Did you serve? Are you even impacted by unequalled incompetence being in that position? I am. All Vets will be better off when he is no where near that job.
You keep saying “he’s not qualified” you’re more than entitled to your opinion but you provided nothing to say he’s not qualified. I get it you don’t like Trump and you instantly don’t like anyone he nominates. But please provide some reasoning or I just believe it’s political.
Where's your apology to Chelsea Clinton?
We had tater tots for dinner tonight thanks to you Katy. 
Or community organizer to President.
I think you missed a couple of things in the middle there.
Back bencher, voting present.

Thanks.
2 term President...
You're welcome.
Zero legacy.  Thanks for playing.
Uh, I think "from Tee Ball" would be more accurate.
From what *I've* been hearing, there's no reason *not* to believe them, either. By the way, that analogy sucks. Jackson leading the VA is more like going from single A baseball to Little League.
She does not deserve a show. It’s garbage anyway but now she’s showing how partisan she is.
Shame on Katy shame. @Morning_Joe think twice about having her on please. She is a partisan non journalist
I was thinking from a really good Babe Ruth team.
Katy why don't you believe Chelsea Clinton, and why won't you apologize to her?
Will have difficulty believing you now. I have always defended you even when some said such ugly things about you, but now I’m done. The female Hillary haters will continue on...even though she is a private citizen (re: DJT)...but what did Chelsea do to you?
Hey @KatyTurNBC , I heard you’re Chelsea Clinton’s hair stylist. I need a keratin hair treatment.
No, more like going from school crossing guard to the head of the CIA!
Thank goodness Jackson's out of the picture now.
Or, American Legion Pony League to Yankee stadium.
More like coaching little league to pitching in Yankee Stadium!! This guy, while he would fit right in with all the other unfit unqualified IDIOTS in the WH and in this Administration, Vets need BETTER!!
Jackson has not even commanded a major medical facility such as Bethesda (Walter Reed) or San Diego.
you to 3 hours today Katy?
Or Fenway Park...  Thanks! #YANKEESSUCK
So, are you going to be silent about your coworkers clear hate for gay people?  That’s called hypocrisy.  And if you believe she wrote some anti gay posts, but others were faked, you are not bright.  Funny how liberals can ignore hate from their own.
Like Nectars to Baker’s Dozen
How about T-ball to Yankees
No. It's like going from a 12 and under little league team to the Yankees. Why is Trump messing with the VA? Jackson has many fine qualities but running a big organization is not his expertise. EPA, HUD,  and Dept of Ed are already a mess from poor leadership. VA is next.
With all respect, more like Jackson going from T-ball to MLB
More like minor league hockey team to Yankee stadium.
Actually, more aptly, it is like going from being a Single A ballplayer to being the general manager for the Yankees. Not only a larger, higher profile stage but a wholly different set of skills are required for the job.
Did you do that thing where you apologize to Chelsea Clinton yet? Go ahead and get on that; then we can talk about Jackson.
Maybe she already did, but in private?! Why does everything have to be known publicly for something to be acknowledged that it happened? Not everything needs to be announced. An apology is more genuine if done directly and to the person offended, certainly not on Twitter.

But what does your fact checker think? 
She is drunk
More like little league.
This would be an amp comparison if there had been others who had run large organizations like Rob McDonald and were clearly successful in the role. However, previous experience doesn't seem to matter because the VA has been horrible under everyone.
Sorta like a community organizer...well, you know
Yeah we know.  #racist
I keep saying Paul should be the new VA Secretary! @PaulRieckhoff
Like going from reality tv to The White House.
But the Yankees suck [ducks]
He’s an alcoholic- if he were the best manager in the world, it would still be a disaster
Axl Rose never dispensed 6,000 Percocet & crashed a secret service car !
Not even Single A. Try 'High A'.
Anything you report now is flawed
