Doesn’t matter who his lawyers are.  He’s already made several damaging admissions on Fox & Friends this morning.  And the day is young.  They are foolish for taking him on as a client.
Yeah? Well they aren’t in south Florida anymore Dorothy.
Are they having heart failure listening to their client this morning?
Well there goes their reputations.
Perhaps, however their client in this case is trump, who’s on fox right now bloviating!
One of my favorite words!
Yes, but I'm sure they were representing clients that listened!!!
Rest assured, they will get paid with dandruff grooming.
Criminal Defense...that pretty much says it all.
They may be excellent attorneys but definitely not a good career move.
Well if they watched Fox &  Friends this morning they probably just quit.
Why do I get the feeling that his process for vetting his lawyers is now watching non-network tv during the day while at Mara Lagos?
Elect a Clown, expect a circus; Welcome to the Big Top counselors...
HOW MUCH PRO-BONO WORK DO THEY DO?
Maybe he’s waiving their Mara-Legos membership fees in exchange for legal services
Unfortunately, too little - too late for "The Donald". @MichaelAvenatti on @Morning_Joe continues to play @realDonaldTrump like a fiddle
yeah. interesting that @realDonaldTrump needs such talented CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEYS
I give them two weeks.
Their winning streak is about to hit a brick wall
They must have gotten a big cash retainer with a solid fee contract allowing them to keep it. I see no upside for them otherwise.
Well they have a doozy of a case and a client now
Yeah but they won’t win. Hope they get paid upfront!
Oh Lordy he needs the best he can get.
The faces of white supremacy
They should come on Fox and Friends, similar to what Michael Avanatti does with the other news shows....
Avenatti, sorry....
Obviously, @realDonaldTrump has committed ‘white collar crimes’, in his business endeavors... follow the money.
Yeah but that's South Florida not SDNY or DC!
Bus shelter bench attornies.
Dumb tweet, Katy. That isn’t news.
Wait. I thought no one wanted to work for him?
Did you apologize to @ChelseaClinton yet?
Yep, pretty damn white alright.
In REAL News your friend and colleague @JoyAnnReid #amjoy is a serial bully and homophobic hate merchant!
Good luck, Raskins! #youregonnaneedit #trumpspsychotic #andfullofshit
The Florida AG is corrupt and allowed bankers to get away with larceny in the "home mortgage debaucle".
Because when you're the president and you can't find a lawyer in D.C....Florida is the place to go!! (As opposed to say NY...Chicago or LA).
Now he can have meetings with his lawyers and charge for using Mar a largo facilities
Whom he won’t pay
Are they known for getting stiffed on legal bills?
I'd still take the Murderer's Row of lawyers Mueller will bring at them. Like going from AA to AAA baseball. You are good, but so is everyone you play.
Call Cellino & Barnes. Oh, wait....
They best get a substantial retainer up front.
Hope they got paid upfront.
These people actually expect to get paid by Trump? Certainly, the taxpayers won't be picking up the tab...right?
I remember when Obama had to get new lawyers all the time....................
Said nobody ever
Trump isn’t helping at the moment…
