I guess people aren’t allowed to change their minds about anything 
Paul is making a career of stirring the pot,  drawing attention to himself and then changing his position. Normally, I would agree with your point. Rethinking a position is a positive thing.  But not with Paul. Too contrived.
I agree about Paul. There is just a lot of snarkiness about people who say or do something different from what they’ve said or done in the past. It IS possible to change your opinion when you learn new facts or events change
R Paul - Kentucky should be embarrassed for giving us Him and Mitch McConnell
He was foolish enough to believe Chump's lies.
No kidding
No surrender he never really planned to be a “no” vote. He was just talking to get attention. Knowing all along he was a “yes”.
Slight correction on the headline. Should read 
"Rand Paul's embarrassing surrender on [fill in the blank]"
@RandPaul
Honestly, I spent a lifetime believing surgeons knew how to make a reasoned decision and stick to it.  Sen.Paul changes that.
You mean his inevitable surrender, don’t you? He always does this. He also has a dead marmot on top of his head, which, I suppose, is beside the point.
He was always going to vote for it.
@jamescdownie 
That headline doesn't even need that last word.
what is new, curly is a joke @JPMicSee
RIP Rand Paul! He sang one too many songs
Oh my, that photo would not go over well in Britain.
Which surrender? Rand has less backbone than any invertebrate
Just like your embarrassing comment about @ChelseaClinton. You should have stayed out of the convo. I'm very disappointed Katy.
Rand Paul's embarrassing everything.
Rand Paul is the GOP-Republican decoy with perceived bonafide FRAUDULENT convictions! He capitulates EVERY TIME to the whims & caprices of the GOP-Republican agenda without thought nor honor! No Democrat should ever count on Rand Paul to honor his publicly perceived convictions!
He does this all the time. No credibility left.
I agree. There are others playing this bait and switch crap.
@Elise_Jordan
You lost.
My son is a Veteran. I helped him w/ CFPB case. Because of my response, CFPB dug deeper & get an additional 1.25 million dollars for veterans from a fraudulent auto loan company. However, we've been waiting over 2 years to get paid. timalantoo@hotmail.com
Rand Paul Ron Johnson do the same thing cry’s wolf like his boss all yes man for deep state money
@RandPaul
No matter what side I was on I wouldn’t want him on it.
I found nothing embarrassing about. we just haven't found out what Trump gave him yet.
#BVigilant
Paul has never sat on a fence that he wasn't comfortable on.
If he doesn’t watch out his other neighbors are going to thump him up.
Broken ribs and a trip to the hospital will make a man a little timid perhaps. ...
Rand just give a performance  and then given money for his vote.. He does this all the time but people accept it.  I wish the media/Journalist would at lease point it out because Rand had done this since he was elected.
Showing how someone can have less credibility than Trump.
Embarrassing? I defy you to point out any Republican senator or representative who isn’t retiring that acts embarrassed or has professed embarrassment.
"Rand Paul's embarrassing surrender" is the perfect summation of basically his entire career in Congress.
And this CLOWN ran for PRESIDENT.
Cuckold Paul will forever be his name. lol.
Credibility has gone away in present gop. Some day they will look back and ask themselves why they didn’t stand up for their historical principles.
Is he giving us the English Bird in that photo?
Put this guy in Ted Cruz  Paul Ryan Mitch Mc  Marco Rubio    Category : No Spine 
Everything about Rand Paul is embarrassing.
Yes, @RandPaul is an embarrassment ~
Lawnboy shows his colors.
Katy Tur's embarrassing bias.
Talk about a useless member of congress, Paul is right at the top of uselessness
Everything about Rand Paul is freakin' embarassing.
@RandPaul has a thing or two in common with @tedcruz : namely, nobody likes him.
Meddling two faced Blowhard who talks just to hear the echo of his own Voice.
Can't be embarrassed if you're a fraud and the grandstanding is all part of the show.
This lead runs about twice a year, every year. Wake me when he actually stand's for something besides attention.
At least his dad had a spine
All bark and no bite, it’s the Rand Paul way. Too predictable.
Profile in courage.
Libertarians are like Centrist Democrats --- they will turn on you in a heartbeat.
Please change "embarrassing surrender" to "sheer cowardice." K, thanks.
Perhaps it's a politician's trait. They always, always crave attention.
Rand Paul sucks
He did what he always does, talk big and cave at last minute,just another Trump Stooge!!!
My vote is for him to retire
••• - - - •••
Not a very Trumpian statement , so much for the Tea Party and freedom fries "What is the meaning of our life, really, if we work and live destroying the planet, sacrificing the future of our children?” Emmanuel Macron said in an address to Congress.
It’s not really embarrassing. It’s happened many tines now
Isn't the question what he got in return?
He's as spineless as the rest.
