New allegations against Jackson, per NYT:
- Provided “a large supply” prescription opioid painkiller to White House military office staff member
- Wrote prescriptions for himself…
As you prove daily, Maggie, you fraud.
Can’t wait to read Maggie’s name in the FusionGPS paid list.
I hope she goes to prison.
I'm sure she did not pay taxes on her GPS Fusion money.
Maggie u r a bought & paid for dirty journalist:
Kind of explains why Dr. Jackson was so excited that Trump could identify an elephant, though... 
ok I snort laughed at that one, well played, well played.
"tell me about it."

Sadly- Our long national nightmare is far from over...
I have great faith in #mueller . Justice will prevail and evil will not win. There will be damage, we must persevere.
I'm starting to wonder if Pruitt may have gotten a prescription from him. Is that why they were worried when they couldn't wake him up and had to break down the door? 

I'm also wondering how many in this admin. have gotten 'prescriptions'. It would explain a lot.
Thanks for this earth-shattering insight Captain Obvious
You do realize there is a government data base that tracks prescribers rx's of narcotic prescriptions (PDMP), right?  Even Ambien.
All of these allegations would have surfaced if  #RonnyJackson was over-prescribing meds.
As an activist you just stick to to reporting gossip.
Especially is he's the physician of past two administrations
Exactly.
My tweet from the other day may end up being prescient.
We are going to find out he has been dispensing Opioids to @KellyannePolls aren’t we?
Depends what it’s for- Zpack? Guilty as charged.  Ambien or Percocet? The rest of us would have our license and DEA suspended.  Let’s see what happens in Trumpville. 
They almost got Dr. House for that one! :O
Could a medication such as that cause the good doctor to mistake the President weight of 329 pounds as 239 pounds?
*President's
If allegations are true, not only should Jackson not be considered for head of V.A., but his ability to perform his present job, as well as practice medicine at all should be questioned.
When are nominees for Trump's administration going to realize that if they have skeletons, they are just going to have to lay them on the table because this WH doesn't vet anyone. Now, dude's going to lose his current job, his medical license, and who know what the Navy will do?
Depends what it is. Most docs will write hydrocortisone cream for themselves, zit meds for their kids. Controlled substances r a different matter, but I don't think u can do that anyway.
The Mexicans didn’t prescribe them?

Actually, mds can write their own rx if it is not a controlled substance. I used to prescribe my ocp for myself. Clearly writing prescriptions for controlled substances is not allowed. I’m shocked s pharmacist would fill it, if that was the case
Huge deal! And the fact that they were opiods, which are an epidemic amongst our veterans, is unforgiveable and proves he is not qualified to head the VA.
You normally lose your license at least. Usually criminal court too.
Can we now agree that Jackson was high on the day he gave presser about Trump’s health! There no othe explanation for that display of utter BS!
Perhaps a minor addition, but seems the guy had trouble w his paperwork for even the WH doctor job..imagine the VA..
and for the pharmacist who filled them
Fuck the VA job, that's grounds for having his medical license revoked.
probably needs to lose his license on that one.....
Why do you need to?
Poor judgement /convenience temptation,stupidity,shame,addiction,isolation 
None of it good
No, I meant, if it’s in your bag or something you have access to, why create a paper trail?
Not in his bag,not readily available I guess
You really, really are a petty, nasty individual. No wonder you and the Hildabeast were bosom beaus.
Show your proof or join TvHogg
Why does he still have a job within the White House???
Was Dr Ronny Jackson pressured by President OBama to make every body “happy”...?
It sure is. Thanks for bringing this up again, Maggie. Trump blames Mexicans for bringing drugs into the US. It was the pharmaceutical companies marketing time-release opioids that started the problem. And doctors who listened to the drug companies and prescribed opioids.
Show me proof.... giving allegations that have been proven time and time again as fake is what got you labled #fakenews in the first place....
And this guy is an Admiral? Wow, what the hell happened to the U.S. Navy?
Who paid you how much to say what,  this time?  

The fraulein of fraud.
The Dr has the right to face these accusers.
This is all likely more smear campaign by maggots fascists Trump haters and azzholes. 
I think the corrupt in the VA are terrified that this Sec of VA will 
Shut down their systemic corruption.
Not really in this administration !
Illegal for controlled substances in every state. What does the licensing board have to say?
Especially writing prescriptions for yourself for controlled medications. Maybe he wrote some for himself but they were really for @POTUS! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #DotardTrump
Hand picked by you know who.
I asked one of my doctors about whether or not they can prescribe for themselves and the answer is yes, including narcotics.
House did it.  Must be fine...
This smells to high heavens. How in the hell did he fly under the radar from 2013 to now? Total BS
And using your rank and position to get someone else to write them is high up there as well...
I’ve tried and no one will fill it.  Guess I have to go to med school...
Jeffrey Toobin, of @CNN, says that James Comey did break the law, leaking classified material, and that he is in serious legal trouble - By the way, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are cooperating with investigators, have also been criminally referred.  FISA scandal is being exposed
He's not in jail so apparently it's not as big of a deal as getting busted for a bag of weed.
All compiled by Democrats!!!
This isn't going to mesh too well with *45's push to execute drug dealers.
It's a big no no. If he had issues he should have went to another MD
This whole thing with Dr. Jackson seems serious and sad.
Why didn't Obama fire his ass?
Maybe BO did too but I’m thinking he was happy just to get his annual physical done and gone.
I guess when you work for Trump you need all the help you can get...
Some of this was happening while he was still Obama's doctor.  If any of this is true, he can not be confirmed for VA Sec.
32 sources...He's got a mountain to climb...Add the inexperience and we're talking Mt. Everest...
Again why wasn’t the Obama Admin aware since this all allegedly happened when Obama was POTUS and why would you expect Trump to be aware when the Obama Admin clearly hid these issues if they are true.
He was under Bush also.  Did they hide it too?  What Bush or Obama did or didn’t do is ill relevant since neither of them nominated him to run the VA.
Actually it’s very relevant.
If they knew he was over prescribing, a drunk, hostile manager, a drug addict then they put people lives as risk by allowing this man to remain employed. Not only did they put their own families at risk they put WH employees. Then they repeatedly lied by giving glowing reviews
Good point. But there’s no indication that these stories made it to the top since he was so well-liked. Many times that’s covered up. Especially alcohol & prescription drugs in the military. At least it was that way when I was in
So why would they have made it to Trump when these incidents didn’t take place under Trump?
Sounds like it pretty much occurred under all of them and didn’t come out until they started the vetting process for the VA spot. His present position isn’t Senate confirmed.
All these accusations coneviently all went to the Democrats on the committee and all are conveniently anonymous. These weren’t discovered through vetting its anonymous people making accusations. They should prove them or put a name next to them.
The hits keep comin’
Death sentence, no?
Political hack.
Being paid to shill for Shrillary is a big deal.
It is like writing ones own opinion
who was watching this guy? who was  his superior?
Maggie.....GIVES ME GREAT PLEASURE TO SAY.....JUSTICE will not be blind too what you have done...

YOU ARE the first JOURNALIST is my GUESS that will be charged...

Say hello to your MOM!
Hummm. Think the world of you Maggie, however: innocent until proven guilty.
Passing out " candy " lmao on air force one explains OBAMAS COMATOSE state of mind for 8 yrs
This will never come under scrutiny. Jackson will become a martyr in @realDonaldTrump world. Vets will never know how badly their needs were not met. And @jontester will possibly liar his seat for doing his job.
Oh yeah, and the woman whose door was pounded on will be seen as Judy another liar.
Being opiate dealer gets you the death penalty under DT. First guy to get this sentence?
He was doctor under Bush, Obama, and Trump...why is this the first we have heard of it?
If this is true his medical license should be revoked!
Clearly unfit; why does @realDonaldTrump persist in hiring highly flawed people? Do they not check vet these nominees?
Only if they are a certain class of drugs. There is NOTHING ilegal or unethical about a doctor writing themselves a Rx for antibiotics, or rash cream, for example. However, narcotics are very different.
It is enough to lose his medical license.
Smearing with no facts is also a big deal if one is a journalist
Bye, bye, Dr. Jackson.  Let's see who's next.
Maggie do you know anything about Medicine? Nothing wrong with writing yourself a script. As long as it’s not for a controlled substance, you’re fine. And dispensing opioids?? He was a doctor for a “traveling office.” His job is to dispense opioids if needed.
Who the heck are you to second guess his medical acumen? Opioids are not evil. In the right patient, they are a mahiya. If he selling them or giving them to someone he knows is diverting, that’s bad. You’re bringing things out of context.
Everybody in government (including representatives) should be drug-tested. Should be mandatory.
Kind of makes you wonder what Barry was taking. Do you know, Mags?
Risks his medical license.
Yet another stunning insight from Maggie Duranty.
A big enough deal you journalists should research the claims before running with it. Or is as GMA said today,are  "accusations provided by a Democrat on capital hill" really enough these days?
If everything is lie per Trump, why WH Dr. withdrawn his nomination?
Now that the confirmation hearings are toast what happens to the nice doctor?
Prosecution? Promotion?
Back to his old job?
It’s becoming clear that this man has a substance problem. He’s stepped away from the nomination. I hope this transitions from typical political destruction into human compassion.
I knew he had to be "high" when he told us that were it not KFC and Micky-D @POTUS could live to be 200yrs old.
#ETTD Really he destroys everything he touches. No one will emerge from this fiasco intact and by fiasco I mean this entire administration—including us! The contrast with Macron was so sad—how far we have fallen.
False, physicians can write Non-controlled scripts for themselves. Happens ALL the time
Maggie, you’re just paid liberal trash. You need to hush.
How come u didn’t dig this up when he worked for Obama??? Your a fraud
Very true!
No evidence of anything.
Yeah, but it clearly explains what's been going on at the WH the last 461 days!!!
Why do you viscerally hate this Administration?
Can I write your counterpoint op-ed to maintain your “balance.” Here’s a sample:

Writing your own prescriptions isn’t a crime. It’s simply one way of cutting the government out of your healthcare. Obamacare inserts big government...
Unbelievable!
One reporter said it was normal for a doctor to hand out sleeping meds to reporters on planes. But he was also accused of handing uppers to reporters to "wake them up". That sounds like a pretty big freaking deal.
Sit!
Writing fake news articles is a big deal also Maggie
Hahahahaha.   Just LOL’s @ the “PEt”.   #WWG1WGA
If it's a big deal. Then just take your time writing it Maggie. Don't rush it.
Makes you wonder about Obama's judgement. If you're a journalist that is. Any recommendations Maggie?
No wonder he can claim he doesn’t remember his Jekyll & Hyde misdeeds - pop some self-prescribed drugs and throw back a drink or two - done!!
I thought the WH was goingbto fight opioids! Wow just wow! Parents of the  kids tha OD must be livid!! There are some who think 45 is their savior! He is not!!!
ALLEGATIONS are not PROOF.  did you know Mueller destroyed 2 senators with will timed allegations that he knew were untrue. Read the facts written by sitting USCongressman @Thomas1774Paine.
So FBI and Secret Service
missed this year after year? Seems odd to this pilgrim given their duties & close proximity to the Doctor.
You're a lying POS who is going down. #JailTime
When are you going after Baron?
NYT is a fraud.
Are you the crooked H flunky?
You deserve whatever is coming to you,  hack.
How about just unqualified for the job? The rest is just distraction.

so-he passed all of his previous vetting w/bush & obama? Y? I am suspicious of these charges-the allegations coming out now show a definite bias & probably lies
Oooh, not good. Not good at all, yet, exactly what we have come to expect.
Like unethical and immoral.
Maggie it seems over the last week that you have turned a corner. Keep it up. It’s time
How many President's did he serve vs you?.. stop your useless  comments and help #MAGA
Ok, I mean this with the utmost respect, but who the hell vetted this guy for his original job as the White House doctor?
How did #RonnyJackson serve three presidents?
Seems like he got comfortable in position as high status federal employee (I’m a low status one myself) and forgot about the his greater obligations to the discipline and ethics of medicine that he devoted a large chunk of early life to.
I thought the man looked high when he spat out his bizarre assessment of Trump's physical (and mental) health.
Pretty sure it's a crime Maggie, or at least a reason to lose one's medical license.
that's a big no-no, also a no-no to prescribe/treat family members.
#prescribedtodeath , right @KellyannePolls ?  The Swamp gets deeper. #RonnieJackson
That’s habermansplaining.
"But they were only medical MAGAZINE prescriptions, err, subscriptions, uh, um . . . anybody want some candy?"
Why wasn’t this reported during Obama’s term?  Covered up or a lie now
Thanks for letting me know what I should consider a “big deal”.. I’ll actually go ahead and decide on my own..
Whoops.
But the rest of it isn’t a big deal unless it had come to light when Obama was still in office? That’s what it seems like. JacksonGate would be next Benghazi.
Source???
What about covering people who your mom works for?
will he b writing script 4 John Barron?
The Dea does not allow this kind of behavior ... doctors can loose their license very quickly...why isn’t he before a review board? #DEA
pudgy IV makes us pay to read
Yet when Obama praised him, he was great. These are trumped up fake allegations. You are disgusting.
The question that should be asked to every WH staff in every interview....did Dr. Jackson ever give you an ambien? Did/do they have a prescription?
"The opioid crisis is coming from INSIDE THE (WHITE) HOUSE!!
I think they have Allstate accident forgiveness so that’s no big deal.
It is against the law for a doctor to write a prescription for a controlled substance for himself. They will often write it for their spouses to skirt the law. If the drug was for an opioid I would disqualify him. Ambien or benzos I’d look the other way.
As in jail time.
Reporting he got drunk and wrecked a vechicle when it didn’t happen is also a serious matter. The AP already retracted the article.
Dr. Jackson needed the prescriptions to announce that Trump could live to be 200. What worries me more is how he thought Trump living to be 200 was good news! :)
He is not qualified for the VA but lets not convict him yet in the court of public opinion. It will be investigated.
Amazing how after 8 years under Obama it only comes out now
Sounds like an above average Trump appointee.
Yeah but her emails
Writing a prescription for oneself, especially for opioids, will result in loss of one’s medical license. So yeah-big deal!
He was high or on something during that 1st press conference he talked at.
Rehabs are filled with people who can attest to that.
is it really?  being stupid enough to support obama is a big deal. hiding wait times at he VA for soldiers is a big deal.  should I go on?
... You certainly won’t live to be 200 drinking yourself silly and self prescribing medication
All coming out now.
Almost as big as pardoning oneself.
Do those pills make you say Russiar?
It’s at the crux of how and why the “opiates” problem got to this level.
Ya very illegal
Guess now we know why he listed DJT at 6’3” 239 lbs.
I’ve been saying since the first time he was in TV talking about Trump that he himself is medicated!  All these people need to be drug tested!  @GOPoversight
Somehow this will be Obama’s fault.
Dr Jackson's DEA should be suspended, if not revoked!

 No scripts for narcotics should EVER be written unless it is medically necessary and in the course of treatment.
Who was the doctor in the house?
"Another black eye for the Secret Service was the conduct of certain agents on the detail to protect Obama at a summit in Cartagena, Colombia in 2012. Nine agents were forced to resign or retire after hiring prostitutes while on the job."
This guy sounds like a party
Apparently it is standard practice on these trips acc to Bush official so u r wrong
These are all lies
Maggie. It’s the biggest unreported crime in the medical profession. If your doctor looks loopy he probably is. Loop de do.
I just need a few garbage bags full of Oxy.....

What's the problem?
if true...
Of course it is, ask any real doctor.
Yes, it is.
Strange! Why would Obama praise him 2 or 3 different times and recommend him for promotion since all that happened under Obama’s Presidency. Just total Trump Hatred!
@Jordanfabian So is lying to the @FBI
It certainly is for me, and I'm not a doctor.
Pharmacists aren’t supposed to fill prescriptions written for oneself.
I'm a physician, and this is totally not true. Depends on what you're prescribing (definitely no narcotics, benzos, etc...) But other things are fine, even if certain state medical boards frown upon it.
Hires the best and the brightest, huh. My question is, how does a dotard know who is the best or brightest?
You are #FakeNews
Wrote scrips for self....bye bye
DEEP
MAGA GAGA KAKA PUPU
Before you continue to try to destroy a good man ... any “named source” and confirmation.
Hell, just look how the guy has cotton mouth real bad when he talks. Look at his eyes. The mans not well. I bet him and @KellyannePolls are snorting together. Look at her. She’s a damn mess too.
Sure these new revelations are saucy, but my bullshit radar was screaming when he said the President was in perfect health.
Yes-Also handing out Ambien & Provigil like they are candy is not ‘standard operating procedure’ as JohnKelly stated. Both are controlled substance Rx’s with high potential for misuse & abuse. Ambien has strict dose limits too & he supposedly handed out envelopes w several tabs
Not to mention,  a big fat no-no
This is who is third-rate, not you.
At least while Trump is President right Maggie.
Sounds like the doctor has a massive problem. It would take an awful lot of people who don't know each other to conspire against him, making stuff up. His total denial is a form of denial folks with addictions use.
Does trump know anyone that isn’t a crook of some sort?
Lots of allegations...but isn't that a confirmation hearing is supposed to be for??
This is horrible. Drop this nomination already @POTUS, before he can not even work as a Dunkin Donuts cashier...
That's an allegation. If there is no proof then you would owe him an apology. White House military staff member. The only ones would be the Marines guarding ceremonies everything else is secret service. So this accusation has proven itself a lie.
Maybe he’s feeling guilty for lying for Trump?
Drug addicts are VERY clever in hiding their habit....VERY clever. A minor problem a few years ago could escalate exponentially in the present. My personal visual of R Jackson is VERY hyped up and agitated....
It’s all a big deal!  God you are annoying!
I always thought it was a big deal when the doctors I worked for occasionally did this, for themselves/wives/husbands/kids  tho not illegal.
What if this is a Trump "fake news play."  
Get MSM to blast damaging accusations against Jackson, fake documents, so on, so on.  
Then once it's appears like he is clearly guilty, the WH proves it was all made up by democrats and MSM.
So when Trump looks guilty on Russia????
It is illegal according to the AMA.
Writing prescriptions for a controlled substance is a big deal
You need to get past the Democratic "summary."
Also 'prescribed' a job for himself by lying about POTUS' weight.
