You could put a period at the fourth word.
Oz never gave nothing to the Tin Man.
No Oz never did give nothing to the Tin Man!!!
He never takes responsibility for anything unless it’s positive or good.  Anything else is someone else’s responsibility.  It’s like being governed by a child.
Ecclesiastes 10:16 “Unhappy is the nation whose king is a child.”
Of course he doesn't blame himself, he scored himself an A+ on state TV this morning! Can you say clinical narcisstisic personality disorder? A disorder in which a person has an inflated sense of self-importance.
Learn more at
Malignant narcissist!
imagine the disconnect and insanity it takes to say "it's not my fault for picking unqualified, terrible candidates, but it's the media/critics faults for pointing it out"...I am still baffled that 10's of millions of people thought this was the way to go smh
Don’t be baffled...recognize what it says about the tens of millions of people you share the country with...
Sociopaths are never wrong.  Their psyche can't accept that.
Nor can their #maga herd.
Thanks. Now and forever they are the #MagaHerd that is running, stampeding and trampling everything without a damn thought. It’s a good description of their lack of forethought.
Like demented bulls in a China shop.
The irony, it burns.
I've said it more than a few times.  A tweet for everything!
Mob Bosses never take the blame. #Goodfellas
When you live in a world where you can do no wrong every bad decision is someone else’s fault.
One of the least savory of his numerous unsavory characteristics is his unwillingness to assume responsibility for anything he perceives as negative & his corresponding dishonest eagerness to take undue credit for anything positive.
No sign of character at all.
Who’s surprised? Not me.
That moment was cringe worthy but at the same time...an instant classic
He always plays the victim.
Are you surprised?  I’m not. Trump said during the campaign he has never asked for forgiveness, because he’s never been wrong.  He’s so delusional he thinks nothing that goes wrong is his fault.
Maybe if you had called him out earlier instead of kissing his butt we wouldn't be here. #TrumpIsAMoron
He is poison. Plain and simple.
People who hitch their fortunes to @realDonaldTrump  and then get burned deserve their fate. No remotely talented decent person aligns with Trump except for opportunism. Deserve their fate. #FranzVonPapen
Of course he does.  His personality type is never at fault
somehow a lunatic got the keys to the most powerful car in the universe.
Trump expects the world to do his bidding and is so spoiled, so used getting his way, he doesn’t get it.. he can’t comprehend that he did something wrong. He truly believes he is King Midas.
You could have stopped at “Trump never blamed himself.”  Not once, in his whole life.  I dare anyone to prove me wrong.

Trump’s never blamed himself for anything ever. Stop protecting him.
No joke.
He will blame you next, just sayin...
Name one thing he takes responsibility for when it doesn’t work out?
He even has to cheat at golf....speaks volumes of one's poor character
Narcissists never "do to"; they are always "done upon."
Oh, he finally goes after YOU, and you finally notice what everybody else has been watching. Late to the party, Maggie?
ETTD
Who is to blame for farting during his Fox interview today? (Around 2min16seconds in when he’s talking about Iran).
I thought that was just trump breathing heavy and snorting like he does
I’m pretty sure he was cutting the crackers.

Trump never takes responsibility for his many failures in business,  relationships, or as a decent human being. It's always someone else's fault. A sociopathic trait, whether he is one or not.
The only people willing to voluntarily work for him are crooks & scoundrels.  They get just what they deserve.
@POTUS takes no responsibility for ruining the lives of others. He only takes credit for good things--many of which he had nothing to do with. He is a monster. If @realDonaldTrump really wanted to #MAGA, he would resign.
Uh yeah, Maggie. We KNOW. We have eyes.
Of course, it’s never #DotardDonnie’s fault when anything in Trumplandia goes wrong. But as @TheRickWilson will tell you, that doesn’t change the fact that #ETTD!
@realdonaldtrump Trump, this is all your doing. He who has the authority has the responsibility and thus the consequences.
I think it is real clear t.rump has rarely if ever been seriously checked 4 his mouth & behavior - so he has never really learned what is or is not acceptable behavior - its hard 2 believe but reports r he has lied & acted like this even as a child & obviously got away w/it.
We know
He was never taught to ever take responsibility for his actions.
He even blamed Obama for Flynn, didn't he?
Evergreen tweet. He has #NPD. Extreme narcissists don’t accept blame for anything and are always ready to say who *is* actually to blame (anyone else, really).
He never accepts blame for anything he does. Not a huge surprise. Only a fool never accepts blame or learns from their mistakes.
He's a weak, insecure and despicable person with absolutely no compassion.  He even announced to the world that he was too busy, ranting and raving on Fox news, to buy his wife a birthday gift.  He had a year to think about one and a staff to buy something.

Pretty sure @TheRickWilson coined the phrase “everything Trump touches dies”.  Res ipsa.
He also doesn’t apologize & lies continuously!
When, in living memory, has trump ever held himself accountable for anything he has screwed up? Or apologized or shown remorse? The blame is always elsewhere. Something is surely missing in his upbringing.  Even animals, even dogs show more guilt than trump is capable of showing.
So maybe the @nytimes shouldn't have been so easy on him during the campaign?

"Investigating Donald Trump, F.B.I. Sees No Clear Link to Russia"
He’s never taken the blame for anything.  He’s the least gracious person on earth.  Despicable and disgusting.
Tell me ONE time Trump took responsibility for any mistake.
Trump never blamed himself. That is a very full stop.
With @realDonaldTrump, the bucks stops with blame unto others. That’s not a leadership quality, that’s a cowardly scapegoat.
It's like a chef cooking garbage and then blaming the customers when they send it back.
That’s what people with poor character do.
Blames the dems for his own stupidity. now he is blaming canada and mexico for not supporting the US bid for the world cup. This man child is the result of a privileged, golden spoon laden life
Trump never blames himself for anything
Narcissists are incapable of blaming themselves for mistakes, because in their eyes they can't make mistakes.
"Trump never blamed himself."

You could have just stopped there. No?
Trump has never blamed himself for anything.
But Her Emails @maggieNYT
So, a response from a concerned veteran, thank you @maggieNYT. @RonnyJacksonMD  was fine under Obama, yet under Trump he has tons of issues. He would have actually tried to fix the VA, which is actually deplorable. Thank you for helping ensure our great care! #22ADay
@realDonaldTrump does not care about our Veterans. It's sad.
How high are you right now?
Why would you say that?
No reason. Just a random inquiry.
Good rule of thumb: If Trump nominates you for ANYTHING, RUN!  Do not walk, and do not hesitate - RUN!
Call it what it is: incompetence.
Everything he touches is destroyed
@realDonaldTrump embodies the very definition of loser.
If he weren’t so fixated on winning at all costs, he might achieve something without having to be so corrupt.
@MichelleObama was correct.
The presidency shows who you are, & magnifies it.
Exactly. I feel bad for Dr Jackson, he had a great gig at the WH not many were aware of disgruntled people that worked for the Dr. Now Dr Jackson has to slink away in shame because of Trump and his zero vetting process. And the Trump PPO parties on..cheers!
Course he don’t he loves the swamp he’s in
Agreed.  Trump’s a white man born to great wealth and has spent his life blaming others for his poor decisions that caused him to piss away his every advantage...

all while preaching those with actual hardships are lesser.
Of course he does. It's the Republican way.
I hire the only the best people. Believe me.  You can't make this stuff up.
Well that’s what happens when you’ve been hand carried through life
Trump, protected by inherited wealth and bottomless narcissism, has been been this way for 71 years.
He never takes the blame for anything!
I cannot feel sorry for people with really bad judgement who didn't do their homework on this colossal creepazoid. What did they expect? WHAT??
His whole life he has blamed others for his problems. He never once looked in the mirror, and it's obvious by the state his hair is in.
Trump is a blamer! He does not take responsibility
"The buck stops elsewhere"
Telling: “People are not people to him, they are instruments of his ego. And when they serve his ego, they survive, and when they don’t, they pass into the night,”
Jared to fix the Israel, Palestine issue. What a joke? Only the worst people.
To be a substitute teacher, I had to pay for the privilege of getting my fingerprints taken and checked.  Why didn’t POTUS do likewise to the people he wanted to hire? With his resources, background checks ought not to be too difficult?
He never blames himself, PERIOD!
Maggie!  That is classic narcissistic/psychopathic behavior.  It's never that persons fault, whatever circumstance it is.
It’s never Trump’s fault and he’s loyal only to his family, everyone else is expendable. Probably the most narcissistic president ever
Gee, I wonder why this is..?  Could it be that HE HAS NO FUCKING CLUE WHAT HE'S DOING?
I've been told...
"I'll surround myself with only the best people" Donald Trump.
Katy & Maggie. Great to see the 2 best foot soldiers of the Democrat Party still tag-teaming to bring Trump down. May I remind you that you tried this for 2 yrs in 2015/2016 and completely failed? @realDonaldTrump is very thankful for your efforts.
#ETTD
It’s called narcissism.  It’s anyone else’s fault

Nothing is ever Trump’s fault.  It’s the Democrats, the media, Hillary, Obama, etc, etc, etc.
Narcissists and sociopaths are incapable of blaming themselves for anything.
Dear @maggieNYT it might be interesting to interview experts in malignant #narcissism and ask them to comprehensively compare and contrast Trump’s behaviours with a general description and diagnostic of that particular personality disorder. 

All the best.
Uh. Trump has never blamed himself for anything. Ever. In his life. He only takes credit for the positive—whether he did the positive thing or not.
Yes. We know. If one has not recognized his pattern yet then they are morons. He is awful. This is how he works. Never take responsibility.
Classic narcissistic / sociopathic trait. Textbook,  really.....
The bucks stops anywhere else.
He is in denial regarding his complete suck-wad-i-ness.
Signature life move for him. Never his fault.
He runs it like a business which isn’t all bad. These career politicians are mostly out for themselves
"He runs it like a business which isn’t all bad. "

In other words, he thinks it exists to make him money.
If he ends up being like all the other politicians then he should come out ok. No where else can you earn $170,000 a yr and become a multi million (congress)
come on maggie! it's never his fault! he has 1 of those big foam fingers and he points it at everyone.
Trump doesn’t take blame for anything. I’m sure you could trace this behavior to his childhood. When you experience the same problem over and over again, it’s not everyone else, it’s YOU!!!
He never accepts blame nor accountability for anything; he’s never been held to account in his life. Until now—and it’s gonna be a motherfucker.
You mean....the same way Hillary blames a hundred things for her losing when it was her own damn fault the whole time?
Someone earlier in this tweet noted that Trump may believe that he had the “Midas touch”.  I agree.  Everything he touches turns into a muffler - one of those LOUD ones!
Agreed. The fact that he's lazy and doesn't take accountability for anything negative happening is how he rolls. #WitchHunt #CrowdedBroomstick
The toddler-in-chief has never taken responsibility for anything in his life. Why start now?
AGAIN I direct you to the...
Of course he does.  The Toddler-in-Chief has been blaming other people for his crimes, misdeeds and failures since childhood.
Everything he touches dies.
The Trump administration is a machine that eats bodies
Exactly. If Trump had properly vetted Jackson the mess would not have happened.
The blame and possible legal action lands on those Trump has do his dirty work.... he made a big slip the other day.  How can a liar ever remember the lies?  Pretty sure Cohen will flip ... he has too much to lose!
This is not lack of vetting, it's vetting for the wrong things.
I thought he hires the best people.
He doesn't understand that government officials need to adhere to a code of conduct.
Hillary and Obama
If he even put any effort into choosing competent people, most of this mess wouldn't happen. He just selects those who fawn over him, compliment him, and lie about his weight!
it is a trainwreck for everyone. time for him to go.
Yeah, but Adm. Jackson was treating Obama when he was President.  Not a peep at the time, and multiple people claim they knew...
The rules of vetting were different under Obama...
He is such a damaged individual. What happened in his childhood is the real question???????
He won't admit that the people he associates with are pond scum
Oh wow never would of guessed
Because @realDonaldTrump never acknowledges his failures. I don’t even have to read your story to know the conclusion. And that’s truly sad. You are a great reporter.
Trump is eternally blameless in his own narcissistic and delusional mind
Anyone but himself.
tRump blame himself that's a joke no it's crooked Hillary's fault Obama's fault and let's not forget the guy who delivers cheeseburgers fault
Trump is the dumbest guy in the room, all rooms.
Of Course, he is perfect!!!!   NOT!!!!
Then again, he never accepts blame for anything he screws up.
ES&DIE bit*ch!!
Classy & confused. Likes tweet then posts Trump Porn for Trolls. 
Fuckity Bye.
Oh, Your'e  a @JTM_YVA  Troll.  Should have known. Joey has such uber smart & errudite followers. Away & piss up a rope, laddie.
And he never will. A Narcissist never admits to personal short comings, it’s always someone else’s fault.
I laughed out loud when he talked about a leaker calling Dr. Jackson a name.  Calling him “Candy Man” was “a disgrace”, Trump said about the name calling. Truly hilarious.
First rate journalist covers 5th rate POTUS who called the Pulitzer Prize winning writer "3rd rate"
Of course that’s his big game!!!
FINALLY,, Truth 
Trump always posed with arms crossed. That's a subconscious defensive reaction because he's just a guilty, lying, cheat.
Notice his posture of crossing his arms....defensive much? I've noticed he does it quite frequently.
It's also another way he shows his utter contempt for the system.
We'll, if you darn media types and Congress would simply do *what* he wants *when* he wants and without *any* questions or pushback, this'd work a lot better for him...

Trying to execute the duties you're charged with...man, the *nerve* of you people.
His entire life nothing has ever been his fault.  Maggie you know this. It’s hardly news.
Maybe the president should blame his policy makers. Fox and friends 
Are you surprised? 
He takes responsibility for nothing that shows how unqualified he is for the office he holds.
Reasonable, applicable questions.
Joining his administration is career death.
When has trump ever accepted blame for anything?
They’re gonna get vetted by press & Senate.
Why are you saying this as if it’s new?  It’s been his lifelong MO.
Where is “The Buck Stops Here” desk sign from President Truman?
Mr Trump could use a reminder.
Ronnie Jackson.   How VETTED  can  a person be?????
He Trump is s blamer He never  excepts blame for anything
@realDonaldTrump never takes the blame for anything. His entire trainwreck of a life is his fault, but he blames everything and everyone except Donald Trump.
Maggie. You know, I know how narcissistic Trump is! That's why I fear the results of a Trump/Kim summit. Actually, why honor Kim with a summit,at all? Why make the butcher legitimate?
Maggie. Who will govern a unified Korea? China? Kim? or...............
At the time Trump studied in The Wharton School (per wiki), accounting was simple. Credit to me, Debit to you. He is following his teachings!!
I guess Trump just saw Obama’s praise for the doctor and Obama’s recommendations the doctor be promoted & decided that was good enough vetting.
Everyone that works for and is supporting Benedict @realDonaldTrump can kiss their lives goodbye. They will not be welcome anywhere as they will be forever stained by his treason and their failure to do anything at all.  They will not have a single day of peace on this earth.
No shit.

I.e. known flight risk, crashes.
BULL SHIT. Trump NEVER takes the blame for anything. He thinks he is perfect...NOT

I see a patwrn od choosinf people with a sketchy past so he can chuck thm under a bus easily.
The media is the deep state ! God bless #potus #cnn #msnbc
The really scary part is that so many people see the reporting of chaos and corruption in the WH as a movement by the press and the “swamp” to get Trump, rather than an exposure of misdeeds. And the press, IMO, has bent over backward to be fair to this prez.
He just ruined Dr Johnson’s career.
Trump needs to RESIGN! He gets worse day by day!
#ETTD
He never admits blame for anything, including ankle bone spurs
Trump never blames himself for anything.
Trump is incompetent and we all know it. Except he doesn’t know it himself.
Any middle mgr let alone a pres of the US would have their judgement questioned with the hiring choices/failures that trump has made. They go from ‘the greatest’ to fired sometimes in days.
Does anyone see a pattern here?
#unhinged
Narcissists gonna narcissist.
Utter rubbish.  People as you put it have "stellar careers & independent reputations" like Jackson who was praised by Obama.  But when they commit crime of working for Trump the Dems & media decide to destroy them by innuendo.
Great article.
Well, nothing is ever his fault because he is weak.
...or for anything else.  Ever.
Does he ever blame himself?
Sometimes your greatest purpose in life is to serve as an object lesson for others. Everything this orange idiot touches dies.
Staying as far away from donnie as possible is a good idea.
He thought he could cheat his way through being president also.
Read your own tweet. Do you even sound like a journalist?

He is the quintessential symbol of an entitled nation. No wonder he was elected. He represents all of the worst qualities of American citizens rolled into one fat fakely bronzed package.
When you're perfect you're never to blame.
Who’s vetting CONGRESS ?
Not surprising.  He's never blamed himself for any problems he's had.

That's how narcissists behave.
If we vetted our Presidents in the same fashion, Donald wouldn’t have made it past the first hour of questioning.
Much like his cabinet is doing, i.e. Pruitt.
Narcissism.
Maggie, this is hardly news.


You'd think some of these late comers to the administration would think twice (or once?) before saying yes to a job or promotion that requires vetting.
Because he is an entitled pig.
Narcissist!
One of the many concerns about this unstable and low EQ President; a complete inability to take responsibility for mistakes and never miss opportunities to attach himself to anything which may be positive or supportive . Kanye being the latest for goodness sake!
