But I heard all conservatives thought anyone who promoted leaks should be killed. Source: all conservatives ever.
Promoting leaks? Sounds like a public service announcement tweet... it was a headline in the NYT same day. My God you people are looking for anything to whine about. Stop!
Whined Pat.
Lolol
I’m gonna try that! Whining Pat. Waaaaaaah.
Omg, Tim did she just tweet at you and block?  "Hit-and-run" tweeters have to be the most pathetic people I've seen on Twitter.
Read my profile. I don’t engage and block mean people.
There are no true statesmen left in the @GOP. They are weak, floundering to save 2018 elections with money, because they can't save themselves on principle. 
@SenDanSullivan @lisamurkowski @repdonyoung
Haven't been any, since Paul Simon & Everett Dirksen retired, long, long ago!
Ok old joke but really i was so prepared to see Art Garfunkle after that Paul Simon:)
I imagine that Paul Simon got a lot of that. He was a crusty old fart, but he stood up to Nixon, when the writing was on the wall, so I can't fault him. Other than for being a republikan in the 1st place -- that, I'll never understand!
.What do you expect? Another bottom-feeding, amoral jackass. In other words, a Republican.
Emails were not stolen- Podesta himself posted to 4 - Chan accidentally but nevertheless...........! All this info out there - Wikileaks just did an excellent job of researching and putting it together
accidentally? on 4chan?  incredible
Cc @SenCoryGardner @SenBennetCO  Are you really going to support Pompeo with his Wikileaks connections? Seems like a big problem.
Just cause they were stolen as you say, doesn’t make what was in the emails any less true or damaging, HELLO.
LEAKED, not stolen.  And, THEY MURDERED SETH RICH ' "..to make an example of him".
Proof from the horse's mouth: Mike Pompeo was in on it, neck-deep.
What was he “in on?”
Theft of the 2016 election, collusion with Russians, selling out his country to a foreign power!

T. R. E. A. S. O. N.

He opened his big, fat mouth, inserted both feet, up to the knees.
When is your fix coming out when the Dems takeover of the congress and Senate. Go ask Hillary how to run the State Department 
How bout McCarthy being pushed and accepted for speaker of the house, when just a couple year's ago he was toxic for admitting Clinton/Benghazi hearings were politically motivated to hurt Hillary and now they're all for him it's disgraceful what has become of the GOP corrupt
Not to worry! After the mid terms the speaker will be a dem!
Plus the ass begged former SOS to help him prepare. Which one did? Why, of course, the ever gracious and generous HRC. And he sure as hell didn't deserve it.
Thank you, Ms. Linzer. Returning the favor:
https://twitter.com/kenklippenstein/status/988561344462024704?s=20 …
Oh yeah because Obama's best friend isn't biased and a professional liar.
The American voter had way too much access to the truth about Mrs.Clinton. And you, as a responsible member of the press, sense the danger in that. It’s why we love, respect and look up to you more, every passing day. 
Another traitor
I do believe republicans will regret having approved this man. He is a liar and will do the presidents bidding.
They are all in this together. They all tried to steal the election from Hillary. He’s part of the Swamp. Never should have been appointed
When  was it that Hillary "Owned" the election that they all tried to "Steal" from her?
Tous des vendus
No one is allowed to discuss, analyze, critique 2016 primary rigging along primary race axis or media collusion axis, and certainly not both like the Pied Piper Strategy; excuse me did I say "rigging" i mean DNC "Trade Secrets"
LEAKED BY Seth Rich (the Russian?), who was then  patriotically MURDERED (for being Russian?)
Pompeo is another @realDonaldTrump conspiracy theory propagator who will back down from Trump everytime
His career aspirations in #Kansas were always more concerning to him than the job
#putin likes him better than Trump
He’ll be running for #POTUS with Donny’s blessing 2020/24
let him try.
Sure, just as they said about the "joke" candidate DT. HRC landslide, locked down. Uh huh.
Well, everybody that tRUMP has appointed has Fascist tendencies, why would #mikePompeo be any different, or any better?
Lol oh the desperate Democrats. Making Republicans look good one post at a time.
GOP senators are weak. Will not stand up for the people! So sad! Bought and paid for by lobbyists.
Perhaps he too will take his place in the Mueller perp-walk at the appropriate time. The perp-walk may end up being so long that it replaces the military parade #ComradeTrump really wanted.
What was said in those emails is at least as important as how they were obtained.
Sad. New SOS was/is part of Donald’s treasonous plan to subvert democracy with the help of Putin. Can’t believe he was confirmed
Wonder when he had time to read all 19,252 emails u can barely get thru the 50 or so that come into my box

We are so lucky to have such an honorable person in that position. Wow! We are screwed, for real, big time.
It just gives you that warm, fuzzy doesn't it?!
he's in.  we need to get him out.
Thank goodness that swamp was drained. Phew!
YES! The fix was in for Hillary Clinton. No matter how hard any other Democrat campaigned, Hillary Clinton was going to be the nominee.
Reprehensible....
Pretty awful for the current CIA director too TBH.
Pompeo is another Trump flunky
Whom he then asked to help understand how to do the job.
Too late now...
Wish Karma would get to work here. There's some fantastic material.
The arc of the Karma is long ..........
gross.
 Capitalizing on data theft - very questionable, if not criminal...
#ReleaseSanity #ReleaseFBI #DrainTheTrump #DrainTheMisery #Conspiracy #ObviousObstruction
This all will come out soon as evidence, Muller has it don’t be surprised
I guess he thinks its ok to steal private emails??? Maybe he would like to release all his emails to Wikileaks. Unfit to be our diplomat in chief
cc: @HeidiHeitkamp THIS IS WHO YOU WILL VOTE YES TO CONFIRM?!?! Enjoy retirement
Dog eat dog
Let's ignore the contents of the emails now that HilLIARy is not @POTUS, thank God.
So what? Let the truth be free.
IOW, he tweeted about the news of the day.
Dafna seems a little butt hurt about the Dems getting caught on their shenanigans
They are all trash! Trump cannot afford to hire anyone with scruples!
One fast way to end GOP attacks to end Democracy is NEVER share Propaganda from such outlets! Comment. Separately. It’s v hard to watch an  that bc educated Wikileaks is an Active Measures outlet for Putin’s Vory, just fall back into habits that give strength to their lies.
He was just trying to make America great again......
Lib Bullshit
A “Rosenthal” Lol
Here here and then their is this new failure of Pompeo to reveal further investments and business deals with China...Also reference Kushner-Tillerson...
DAFNA We are Still Reading Hillary's NON-CLASSIFIED REDACTED Emails about YOGA, the Chelsey's Wedding! The are riveting! Another 32000 due out Today!
How about the ones where they elevated Trump as a pied Piper candidate, her wall Street speeches where she said they were the best to handle this and 2008 was a fluke?

How about the ones that revealed that Citi Bank picked most of Obama's cabinet.

These have all been verified.
Tribalist Garbage.
Bygones?
@Lawrence
Sad day for the State Department.
These monstrous appointments to trumps administration prove that Trump is not fit for office and must be removed forthwith!
Pompeo should never have been confirmed to head the CIA and should not be Sec of State. He should be an unemployed former government official.
100 %.  I see nothing good from pompeo.  Congress is a problem for confirming these suspect candidates.
#NoPompeo
still didn't change the results of the election......even the dems say not 1 vote was effected by this! and btw....where the hell was Obama when all this was happening? Oh yeah, he was telling Donald to stop whining about the possibility of losing! he said elections aren't rigged
Only the best.
The very best
Only the best people.
And then Pompeo sought advice from Hillary when he was nominated. And she actually talked to him. I am not her fan, but she scored many points in my books for her dignity in this case.
Was he asked about this during his confirmation hearing?
Promoting?  More like reporting that it was shocking. Which it was.

Truth hurts, don’t it?
He will make a fine Herman Goering.
*DNC transparencey
And here is Pompeo PUBLICLY LYING to help Trump, AS HEAD OF THE CIA:
He is a racists and hates most of the world's population!
Yep, he's a CROOK>
Hmmmm....He Knew The # Of Emails! #LOCKPompeoUP
We have to accept the fact that EVERYONE serving in this administration is corrupt in some form, ethically, morally or politically - some all three. We, the People, just need to vote in 2018 and 2020 to clean things up again. #DisinfectDC
yes, Seth Rick did steal the DNC emails....it was never a hack but a leak and someone had to pay with his life....tell me the left isn't evil and corrupt.
Good thing you guys are neutral .
Stop! Look back in time, falling @NYT ran this story as a headline. Mike Pompeo repeated as a tweet. WTF is the problem, except to stir up your mob followers? Truly disgusting.
So?
Another Koch brothers crony. So who is running our government? We need to wake up!
Another Swamp Monster.
He'll be excoriated in the hearings, by some so called "moderate" republicans. Then, they'll confirm him. Probably with Manchin finding some excuse like "he's the president's pick, so he should be confirmed", or some bullshit like that.
Something is very wrong with this man.
Everyone, and I mean everyone who supports trump either has a self serving agenda, or has a screw loose.
It's funny how Pompeo leaves out the part about "stolen by Russia as part of a criminal treasonous conspiracy with @TeamTrump"!
From the next secretary of state, a July 2016 tweet promoting stolen DNC emails distributed by wikileaks to sink the candidacy of a former secretary of state: 
I am not a fan of Pompeo because he warmongers, but there’s still no specific evidence of “Russians hacking”
...as evidence that an election was fixed.
He had the nerve to call her and ask her for advice lmao
And she still puts country First & defines class by helping. She would’ve been an amazing POTUS.
So, just to be clear, Trump’s handpicked DirCIA and SecState nominee was (is?) an unwitting(?) Russian intelligence asset?

I mean, in addition to being a bigot and religious extremist.
Trump:
Worse again the contents in the emails that appear to be irrelevant because of agendas.
@SenToomey
Is that a problem?
And, he knew exact number of leaked emails?!?
God help us with this lunatic as Sec of State.
Why not? You democrats had no problem spreading wikileaks stuff when they were exposing the secret of the bush wars and helped elect Obama, in fact you guys loved wikileaks at that time 

Always sucks when the shoe is in the other foot eh?
Look up the word "promoting".
I’m disgusted.
.@lawrence Why they are confirming this loser? Because they are in the majority, Republicans and they can. You can kiss the Iran deal good bye. Any form of influence the USA had will be gone under this administration. People who have dedicated their lives to real diplomacy, gone.
sad part of this is that , Republicans have both a short attention span and Memory .
@RealMikePompeo Smokescreening doesn’t really work does it? Makes those using it , suspicious-looking, not to mention, plain stupid. @RepAdamSchiff @alfranken @RepMaxineWaters @RepSwalwell @tedlieu @POTUS @VP#Mueller  #ItsOver
@DougJones What are you thinking??? Please don’t forget how much support you got from the Democrats. Please rethink your position with honesty on Pompeo. Do you want someone who peddles controversy for a Secretary of State???
Lovely guy.
Great job @DougJones @JoeManchinWV @SenDonnelly
 @HeidiHeitkamp And this doesn't even factor in his bigotry and anti-democratic values.
Just makes you sick to your stomach, all of the snakes that keep crawling into our government.
Sadly, he’s probably the most qualified person in Trumpistan.  God help us.
Had his head up Trumps butt from day one.
#usefulidiot
Pompeo is a fraud like Trump .
But is @KatyTurNBC going to keep carrying @amychozick ’s water?
@NancyPelosi @KamalaHarris @tedlieu @MarkWarner
And knowing how HRC is, she will probably offer to assist him in any way needed in his new role.  She is so much bigger and classier than any of these clowns.
Why do the contents of those emails never seem to matter? They were stolen so the electorate should just ignore what the DNC and Hillary Clinton had done? A current nominee for Sec State pointed out this and that makes him unqualified? Really?
Well.. Leaks which show unethical shenanigans by your girl Clinton..
He’s such a pig!
Good Hilary sucked and the DNC and their partners in the media robbed Sen. Sanders. That's the real scandal.
no it isn't.
Yea actually it is. Read the emails. Primaries rigged, pied piper strategy. She lost to a reality tv host and a few Facebook ads and twitter trolls weren't the problem. She is a corporastist warmonger.
And if I'm not mistaken, Pompeo himself reported that Wikileaks is controlled by the Russian intelligence service.
Only when what it reveals harms conservatives!
Just ask him where he fits the Gay Frog Conspiracy. That will defuse him quicker than you can say "He's a Nazi."
Attn: @MarkWarner
Flexible values. Mobile morals. Elastic ethics. It's all relative, amirite?
You didn’t think he would change do u ?
Assange, do your think. #hackhim
*thing
He is unacceptable.
He can't be trusted being head of the CIA and he can't be trusted as Sec of State!
100% true and accurate emails.
He's a nutjob.
And still to this day you’re not condemning WHAT THE DNC WAS DOING AND SAYING AT ALL? All that racist BS? How Hillary always was the candidate and anyone else never had a fair and honest shot at winning? Really?
@pompeo_rep So you lie also?!?!
Which is why the can’t say negative things about Wikileaks or Putin  or their docs will be next “leaked”
That he then had the audacity to call for help
Point?
You guys are busy investigating HRC selling her emails for mega bucks I assume?
#stoppompeo
Toxic workplaces are bad for health.  That a@$hole should be run out of town.
tRUmp cabinet:
*yawn*

you bozos lost this round. perhaps move on so you have more time to waste smearing a doctor everyone loved.
Evil has won for the moment, but things will change after November 7, 2018
Waiting for the truth to bubble to the surface
Where's the lie
can't wait for them to pull us out of iran deal.
All the best people 
These Podesta emails show without a doubt that he put a contract out on Scalia's life!
Mike Pompeo is a Beady eyed rat.
you can't "steal" e-mails, since the e-mails are still in the possession of the person who sent them.
You don’t understand how the internet works.
just like copyright infringement is not "theft". It is just that, infringement.
Another thing you clearly do not understand. You should quit now.
Classy
An overt act in furtherance of a conspiracy?  #JustSayin
