@KatyTurNBC WHO told you to back off some of the reporting in Michael cohen and the Russian investigation???? WOW.
Ain’t got time for all this evildoing coverage....
Is your avatar what I think it is?
My God, I hope not! You were close to Trump so long during the Campaign, probably longer than the Rosenbergs were in direct and frequent contact with a Soviet sympathizer inside the Manhattan Project at Los Alamos who had insider access to the secrets of the A-Bomb, Run away
How does Russia collusion have anything to do with colon just digging for dirt will it ever end getting tired of all the garbage time to start reporting some real news
Katy Tur rocks! No one gives a more thorough and thoughtful interview. Keep up the great work Katy!!!
Except her stuttering over words, so annoying how she has difficulty getting her words out at times.
I would suggest patience with any physical impediment.
I don't think it's a physical impediment, I think it's a nervous thing.
Perhaps- I think she’s a great reporter and a fearless interviewer.
Meh
“Back away” is being confused with “back off”.  Good lesson.
It was me. I told her to back off the Russia reporting. It’s springtime and a brother needs a break for a few days.
Haha, this person accused me of being a bot and blocked me for criticizing Louise Mensch's output. Good luck trying to disabuse her of this one
Blocked me as well. Our loss, I suppose. 
I am weeping with regret
Same. Typing through the tears is a challenge.
One step at a time.  The truth will come out.  Spoiler alert: Read Christopher Steele’s dossier.
The trump hate brigade continues as opposed to positive news reporting
Hey Katy: the good thing from this hullabaloo is that folks are obviously watching your show. Cheers.
Watching and cringing- nobody makes it all about her like she does.
don't you just love how people who aren't journalists and don't understand how the journalistic process works get all worked up over things they don't understand?
To be fair, it's easy to see how someone might have thought that given what Katy said. Not everyone that watches is a journalist.
if they aren't a journalist and don't understand journalism they shouldn't rush to be so critical of things they don't get... it's a major problem in our society... everyone thinks they're an expert on everything
If you hear someone say, "we're being told to back off that story" or something to that effect what is one supposed to think? People don't know what they don't know; it's inside baseball.
Don’t feed the trolls @KatyTurNBC you’re too good for that.
Oh, God, second-hand hearsay. Confirming something involving hearsay on hearsay drifts so far away from the personal, direct presence in or near a conversation, visually observed and personally experienced event is direct evidence. With Trump and stooges trying to be him, Fail!!
Aha!  If I count the letters in your response and then convert the capital letters to ascii, divide by the total number, add three of the values together... I get gibberish which must be a coded messages to aliens directing you to stop reporting. 
Or
I gotta stop drinking coffee
Your voice is greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Verify...most understood.
Running out of ideas...
I have one for you!!
Try going doen the middle...
Y’all are gonna be running from it soon enough ...you should all be ashamed even afraid
it’s gonna be cold, cold, cold, cold, cold
Here you go sessions...
That was clear from the way you said it - hold off until it was confirmed.
Only jerkoffs are following the idiotic political Russia thing
For the last time, you don't report things "out". You just report things. Please, please, please stop. Thank you
Yes who?
No, but the scuttlebutt is flying about whether Trump will pardon Cohen if indicted.  Will this never end?
reading comprehension is seriously lacking
Turn it on and pose the following question: Is Trump's saying Cohen won't flip a message to Cohen, or a message meant for someone else to protect Cohen from harm?????
Geez @Sageyhope panic much??....!!

in fairness, from the Sinclair fiasco, i think people are still edgy that news is being filtered/censored. your remark was a quick little reference in a limited time slot.
Go, Katy, go!
What’s the status of the tater totes?
@KatyTurNBC You said on air that you were told to back off of the story. Check the tape.
Don't back off the Cohen/Russia. Once it is proven false the media will have 0 credibility. How do you survive telling everyone for a year that Hillary Clinton is going to win in a land slide then spend another year chasing a bogus Russia collusion story? The end is near.
Actually, Katy was one of the earliest people who saw he was going to win while some of the others were still in the bubble. They’ve all come out of their bubbles, now it’s time for you to come out of yours. Also, the end is not near, but the singularity is.
Seriously?If it's not confirmed, fine but the way you handled it was rude, more like a reprimand. Then you insult the panel mbr for "hijacking" the panel? Having a passive aggressive day?
Katy, how do you do it? How can you stay grounded against such ridiculous assaults on your integrity, seemingly from both sides?
I definitely admire your resolve.
Leaving your listeners confused results in a loss of a potentially returning listener... ;-)
Thank you for explaining... we don’t have the inside word
I second that motion...good Lord people. Take a breath. Quit freaking.   No added drama needed.
Tell them Katy! Jesus!
That was not obviously clear. You should have stated this. Thanks.
Geez Katy, don't you know you're personally responsible for everything all other news outlets do ever?
Darmned if you do
Damned if you don't
WoW! Reading this I can hear Katy's "Good Lord" and "Relax"...as her head tilts forward and eyes cut up at the camera. Haha
I heard you say back off too and I immediately thought of Sinclair. I thought maybe I missed the exact context of your remark.
Yep I get it you just wanted to ensure accuracy before reporting no worries anyone making a big deal of that needs to get a life
Thanks, Katy. You did good. No issues.
Obviously you’re not going to back off the Russia/Trump team collision story. True or not, it’s what’s keeping viewers tuned in to MSNBC.
Katy, Just keep your nose to the grindstone and keep working.  The true story will come out.
Keep this one in your file, Katy...
What the hell?!? Good news orgs follow the story! No matter what. Who would dare tell you to back off...oh wait, tRumpian at the helm?
What’s taking so long to confirm a report that’s been out since yesterday?
There it is... fake news agenda
Off topic.  Katy, could you please start an office collection to buy Ari a real nice electric shaver ?  He looks a bit like Richard Nixon circa 1960.

Thank You.
I can’t imagine ANYONE trying to tell Katy, Hallie, Nicolle, Mika, Stephanie, Kasie, or Rachel to back off of reporting a story.
Corporations own media/news organizations. They do it all the time. Ask Ed Schultz.
Sooo, there’s no such thing as “freedom of the Press”....ergo...”Media”?
Journamalism!
#Democracy Dies in Darkness - @wapo.  It's getting pretty dark Katy.
I thought that was clear
We’re burned out from it all. Can’t listen to it anymore. People are now turning the channel. You people are losing us
Nah, but did they tell you lay off following up on Reality Winner? Geez, mass killers get bail, but her charges would bring only 10 yrs if convicted, yet no bail... PS- those Comey memos and the Reality case should have you in fear.
skit’em @KatyTurNBC
Thanks for the clarification.
I was watching - figured you'd catch hell. Your Twitter feed for the rest of the day will be filled with people who all need to eat a Snickers and relax. Do not read without wine in the house.
Well maybe now you'll be more careful about making extemporaneous comments ahead of stories you have yet to confirm.
@KatyTurNBC —- just think of Phish Lyrics and your great book. 
Odd. I didn't notice any ambiguity. Plus, you're going to say you were under orders to not report, if  you were actually under orders not to report?
Oh lord Katy-Fox News is going to run with that line-I get you. Brace yourself for the spin that’s coming.
Wow Katy. You have way more patience than me dealing with these idiots!!
I’m not an idiot. I’m a faithful viewer. This wasn’t clear to me and she cleared it up. Thanks.

Never stop with this tone. Stand up for yourself, please. Seems people have forgotten how to do that lately. This helps keep the record straight. Thanks. :)
Katy, FIGHT ON. #ENOUGH #RESISTANCE
Why you ignoring Joy Reid’s homophobia?
How did she even get that from...what's going on? Weirder than a Phish song that tweet.
.@KatyTurNBC all the news all the time while holding liars feet to to the fire. You go girl!
Please update this report if the facts change...
They really need to provide you with social media minions to handle this kind of thing. Probably not the most relaxing way to spend downtime at the studio...
What are you hiding?  Who do you work for?  What is soylent green made of?
(Spoiler alert: it’s people...)
I bet you're the type that likes to wax the bannisters on the stairway down at the old folks home.
Touché
