President Macron making his pitch for President Trump to stay in the Iran deal: “We should not abandon it without having something more substantial instead”
I loved when he said, we signed a deal.... what a public rebuke of @realDonaldTrump who is probably foaming at the mouth right now as his advisers explain to him the meaning f what Macron just said.
Trump appears to be out of his mind, as far as I’m concerned! It seems to me, that Trump has been compromised by a Putin clandestine affair concerning secret money laundering or something, and doesn’t want to end up in the morgue, like others that have crossed Putin!
"Before President Trump trashes the Iran nuclear deal, he might consider: if he could negotiate an identical deal with Kim Jong-un, it would astonish the world and win him the Nobel Peace Prize."  -Patrick Buchanan (I know RIGHT?)
Let’s be serious; anything Trump might come up with, would only undermine anything we have already! Trump and Putin, the Koch Bros, Robert and Rebekah Mercer are trying to put the United States of America in their back pocket! This is all about Netanyahu and Jared Kushner!
Today is the day that Emmanuel Macron became...
I never take anything Trump says seriously!
Funny how all the "Dems" and "Liberals," have suddenly morphed into war hawks. Can't help but believe that Hillary the war hawk lost because of her Neolib warmongering speeches, assuming many "Dems" & "Libs" were actually listening to what she was saying.
It's amazing that you formed sentences by vomiting on the keyboard. How's the weather in St Petersburg?
The standard response from those who didn't listen, listened and didn't care about the lives of millions of other people effected by the unnecessary wars Hillary supported and most sadly those who do little serious thinking that isn't devoted to their own selfish interests. Bye.
There goes the bromance. No more hand holding.
Anyone who understands basic math should want to keep the deal intact. Zero is less than ten. It’s that simple folks.
@AlexNBCNews Macron Did A Good Job
So refreshing to hear s rational person speak to the world. Macron the new leader of the free world!’
Simple concept from a President that can form a sentence with more than 3 words.
Haha...Alex NBC...no biased there.........
Macron is an eloquent speaker.
Macron played Trump like a hole card. For days we saw Donald literally making out with ths little French guy so now he cannot walk away from that, meanwhile Macron goes to Congress and gets what he wants. >— Are you paying attention N. Korea/China? —> Of course they are.
And on an unbiased note, the Republicans support the vast majority of his speech, just not the Iran agreement. A strong POTUS like Trump can handle a divergent opinion. POTUS has different opinion on Iran agreement. In part, that’s why he was elected. Respect election results.
The entire speech has looked that way.
Trump wants to abandon it because Netanyahu and fox told him to. This makes Trump’s supporters happy, because they don’t understand the long-term impact of any of this.
That’s because the Republicans have decided to stick with the PO Trump. I see a Blu Tsunami coming in 2018/2020.
