My daughter, Emily Missner, is one of the grave gardeners there. She tends two graves. A community of gardeners has been created. She was one of the original gardeners and every year the number grows. Victorian flowers and plants are used. Beautiful.
Saw it.  Excellent!
Greatest Theories are meant for things particular reporter to pick up a shovel to show even me, he has done this for his newest thinking, too. This Could maybe make his day go well as well. Thanks @KatyTurNBC again for your help today. And to this one mom who bravely spoke out
The springtime flowers around the grave of Alexander Hamilton’s son’s grave in Sacramento. A great way to spend a Sunday.
Latter...
This is an ingenious idea to help people mourn.
19th Century they needed to hand out tickets to get in. It was that popular. Great piece.
What do you mean you’re biased?
Tony is her husband.  They are both great reporters.  Lovely couple.
We need to stop using land to store dead bodies. There are much better ways to memorialize loved ones than to put them in a concrete box and shove them in the ground. That land could be a REAL park where the living gather, kids play and see ONE monument in the middle with names
Seriously. This is just weird
I saw that this morning.  Good story, heartwarming and inspiring.  I never such cemeteries existed & it’s great to see someone trying to restore them.
You didn’t know such cemetery existed? Open you eyes my friend, there are in every city!
Beautiful piece
Handsome reporter on that segment.
Great story.
Old world traditions which inspire others. Nice story, @tonydokoupil
Very beautiful. This is a common practice in Austria 
Brilliant! So enjoyed this piece!
I thought the same. I wish we still did this.
Grew up in West Phila but never heard about this. Thanks for sharing and love your show.
I really enjoyed this piece
It is a beautiful story as was the one about the man from Liberia.
I live not too far from there! They do a great job!
It was a great story. While watching I told my wife that Tony was your husband. Nice couple she said.
My favorite show of the week!  Imagine, tickets to get into a cemetery!
Candace Owens...
A real story for you.
May be a bit above ypu so thread lightly.
you may learn something...
Neat. I wonder if the bad Karma from Trump's grave  would keep the plants from growing.
Personally, I would xeriscape.
Awesome idea
Why are you biased?
On yr traveles.. if I want to get to know the culture...visit their cemetary 
I loved this.
Katy brings new life to
those who have experienc-
ed the passing;can’t de...tur
Katy’s whisk full mood.
Happy Earth Day?
Very nice piece, enjoyed watching it. Tell hubby he done good.
This lettuce tastes like grandma!
You are asking for alot of weed and fertilizer jokes.
Please tell me THEY have tater tots.
I saw these everywhere in Turkey. I love it!!
You should start each show with "I'm biased".
My grandpa was a groundskeeper at a country cemetery. They actually lived on the property and grew everything in greenhouses. It was a special place to visit.
One of the first places I love to explore in a town that's got a hundred years or more of history under its belt is the cemetery. Always peaceful and beautiful. And often carrying fascinating puzzle pieces of local history.
I love the grave gardens in Paris.
It’ll be nice when they can use one of these images regarding the passing of the Trump Adminstration. You think it’s virtual grave will have a virtual garden? #idont.
Tony does some great reporting.
I love Sunday morning.
Does this somehow end with tater tots
