So Trump conned this dimwit into doing his dirty work and now left him out to dry? 
Is this from @TheOnion 
Boo and hoo......
It's a sad thing for a man to do terrible things for a "boss" and then get discarded like a dirty kleenex.
He knows Trump is in love with Macron now, right..?

And under the bus  Cohen goes!
When you’re such a Fredo that the boss won’t even take you to the WH...
Lawyers in private practice do not call their clients "boss".  #JustSayin

Is it weird this makes me feel bad for Trump? While he’s a horrible person in nearly every imaginable category, he’s also senior citizen being manipulated by Fox News, his children and his lawyer.
#StockholmSyndrome
Apparently not The Onion
Two lovers breaking up ?
Oh good god, that's just pitiful.

Michael Cohen is playing whack-a-mole and he's the mole. Doofus. You go Tom Arnold. You are on the intelligent logical side of it. Saying intelligence and Trump on the other hand is quite the antithesis speaking. Keep standing up and keep speaking out. THANK YOU!!!!!
Is that the only sports coat Cohen owns???

Was he in love with Trump?
What a sad little baby-man.
LMFAO!!! Cohen could have been part of the club!!!
Omg he sounds like a little kid or a lover either way barf?
Sounds like Neil Young - Down by the River:
“Be on my side, I’ll be on your side. 
There is no reason for you to hide. 
It’s so hard for me bein’ here all alone. 
When you could be take’n me for a riiiiiiiide...
What a sad sack.


Trump s not done gutting Cohen
That's disturbing.

Guess he prefers being with Trump over his family
No way this is leaked by Cohen's squad; this is coming from Trump to set up the defense to the damning material Cohen has.
Remember the awful things he said when threatening others.... “the things I’m going to do to you”...... “ take an extended vacation on her dime”..... and on and on it goes. Filthy excuse for a man.
@MichaelCohen212 to @realDonaldTrump:
When you think about who was, and still is slithering around at the WH, it's hard to to understand why Cohen didn't get a job there.

Lol. Oh I hope this grown ass man didn't say this to that man child

WTH? is Cuban wearing a wire?
Perhaps his inmates will be impressed , think it's sexy ?
Cult grooming personified.
And Trump replied, "Who is this?"
Graduated from the worst law school in the country. What'd anybody expect?

Why does Cohen call Trump, “boss.”  He is a businessman with many businesses and Trump hardly uses him as a lawyer.
Aww he misses his daddy.
Isn’t that the dialogue right before the kid takes Ol’ Yeller out of the House?
@JenniferJTD he’s a doormat
Thats not the word I'd use lol
What the actual F?
This is gold!
Bullies always have their favorite whipping boy....
He will have to fight Macron for Donald's hand.
This is sad actually. This man needs a therapist.

Ultimate fall guy
Just another Criminal Attorney who needs a Criminal Attorney. Cohen is missing "Big Daddy" #TrumpCrimeFamily
Weird and Sick.
What a tool.
I think I threw up in my mouth a little bit!
You can see it in the body language how much he desires to please Trump. And for what? Who gives af about Trump’s opinion? 
I bet right about now @MichaelCohen212 can use the services of Ronnie Jackson’s candyman delivery services to sleep at night
You know, so many people speculated that Hillary had a tryst with Huma. It's not too crazy to suggest the same here.
A perfect case for a traditional psychoanalyst, and there are many of them in NYC
On a human level...that is so damn sad. Like Amadeus never being able to please his father.
He's going to figure out soon enough the guy who he loves wants nothing to do with him and ratting him out will be a lot better then dying in prison. Or worse.
Sad!
When satire and reality become indistinguishable.
You know we need a satire font
Sad.
Sounds like he loves his “boss” more than his wife. Pathetic
That a pretty serious watch @MichaelCohen212 has on there.  That watch is worth almost as much as the @StormyDaniels payoff.  Wonder why he even needed a heloc to pay @MichaelAvenatti.  Seems at the very least careless #Trumpville more likely tricky

Who is going to beat the masochist if the sadist is removed from them?
Awwww
 They have a special S&M relationship.
Love me. No.  Love me. No.  Beat me. ok. No.
This guy needs some help.
so tabloid .. bravo
"I wish I could quit you!!!"
Nicely played sir.

TTQT*

"Michael Cohen? I think he might have gotten covfefe for me once or twice."

*Tomorrow's Trump Quotes Today
Wow
Is Cohen a grown man or is he a needy child?
Take out Cohen put in Trump and the question still works...
That photo!

Stockholm syndrome.
Hahaha I almost peed
Now thats FUNNY
This is a classic codependent relationship. I'm no fan of Cohen, but I think he can do better than Trump. I mean, Mark Cuban...hello?!
Sounds like a jilted lover

Lmao 
Wow. This is pathetic

