Guess there was another part of his body disoriented the past decades, too. The time to pay for it has come
Took me a second
How could it be possible that Bill Cosby is innocent? If one can't handle the question then one is likely prone to bias and contemplating only what one agrees with much like a Trump supporter. #MeToo
@spastic_cunt very clever word play
Sorry Bill but you need to go to jail...
Ppl need to start speaking out as soon as possible when these things happen to prevent it from happening to others. While wait after 40 or 50 years before speaking out. If he really did what everyone thinks he did he should have been in jail at young age and when he in his grave
'Come Clean, Bill Cosby'
He was just asking for that conviction though.
When he was accuse, all of a sudden he was blind.  Now, since he got convicted, he's disoriented.  after he finds out his sentence, he'll be in the later stages of Dementia.  It's all a game.   Fuck him.   He brought this on his own.   "Instant Karma is going to get!".
Nicely done, Onion. Love the headline
Pill Cosby?
@BillClinton @HillaryClinton @BillClintonNews
Bill.Line1 Bill (Cosby)- Lawyer up your next!!Got a book you need to read...
Perfect headline

This one is pretty great, good on ya
Hmm disoriented would have been how his victims felt after being drugged. Possibly karma?
henlo police? I'd like to report a case of human arson and savage verbal beatdown
BILL it's not where you"ve been bro it's where YOU are going!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Maybe he took 1 of his own pills
Understatement...
Holy cow done deal
Come on down!  Age of technology - where Karma is the new contestant on the Price is Right 
What happened to the glasses and bushy eyebrows that usually come with that big fake nose?
Why are y’all like this?
Nice
Maybe he got in to his 1985 Lude stash


what ever happened to the onion with all their great old articles like "Pope:  God hasn't done shit for me lately".... it's a funny headline,  this doesn't even make sense as a news story.  you guys jumped the shark when you started playing politics and current events co stantly
Oops
Yeah right feeling guilty is more the condition
What a shame that even he, who we always thought was a great guy, crossed the line. It gives more credibility to the child stars who say they were used and molested to get ahead in Hollywood. Sad very sad.
I know it was over 40 yrs ago, but so were some of Cosby's crimes/ allegations. Unlike him, she recently confessed she lied. Fair is fair right? Asking for a friend...

Holy shit lol
It’s too good

Daaaang Onion, wait till he's cold before you kill him again.
And yet not as disoriented as the women he drugged.
Somebody give him a place to lie down...
If he didn't want it he shouldn't have dressed like a rapist.
I don't care. Let the bastard rot.
Actually, I heard the verdict was consensual.
Think that's satire Babylon Bee says hold my beer
FUCKING PERFECT.
And in other news, Weinstein is still a free man.
This is terrible.

No conviction should be in a verdict.
frankly adult women should feel insulted about men being held to a higher standard. this verdict says thst women are not accountable for their actions, just the man in the room with them. evidence not needed either, so i guess blk men should brace themselves for more injustice
233 Republicans voted to end Social Security on 4/12/18 via Balanced Budget Amendment. Didn't pass. No media coverage! Now GOP wants to raise age to 70. Watch GOP, Sen. Rand Paul, and Mitch McConnell to see if they will cut Social Security and Medicare.     Vote GOP out in 2018!!
It’s a hard pill to swallow.
As disoriented as his countless victims felt while he raped them? #BillCosbyGuilty
This might be the best thing about this year. Shut it down, we're done.
Juries say the darndest things
I think that cosby got injustice that woman and others are nothing but liers. If did he did that why would you go back 5 times and get money from him. I like Bill cosby. He's totally blind and 80 years old. I hope that the b****is happy that she practically killed the man
I predict that Morgan Freeman is going to get hit next by the #MeToo wave...

#GrandpaFeelings  #EDenaHines #MurderTrial
and a certain pain in the pipe
See he got confused and slipped his Def atty a roofie.

Not ironic his shows aired on Thursday nights? @BillCosby
get it...cuz his victims were disorien...nevermind
Hey, hey, hey, Bill's going away ...
It's just a shame he'll never see the inside of a jail cell. #Getit?
I hear the Jell-O in jail is awesome.
•
HE  SHOULD STILL  BE 

SMILING ,   HE  MADE  FOOLS  OUT  OF  THE  PUBLIC 

FOR MORE  THAN  30  years

L O.O. K  

the ........ ~rat  
                     FREEMASON

THE  TRUE  REASON  WHY   MANY  JOIN  THE  MASONS  OES  PRINCE HALL

The jury must really like pudding, because they're pudding his ass in prison.
The onion is giving us quality articles lately
The sheer amount of absolute mouth breathing troglodytes in the responses not getting the joke.  Amazing.
I kinda love watching all the idiots who don't understand satire. It's like going to the zoo.

http://asullivanjournal.blogspot.com/2018/04/bill-cosbys-double-jeopardy.html …
Disoriented? Perhaps someone should make him a drink 
Not as disoriented as the women he drugged
If they put bill in jail ..he will probably die with in a year .. all is that what we really want .. house arrest and HUGH financial compensation should be enough punishment ..


How the mighty have fallen
Y’all been sittin on this headline a LOOOONG TIME.
Lmaoooooo
LOL
They pudding him on tilt
hey hey hey its the monkees



Best headline ever
Can we also add Harvey Weinstein to the list of offenders that have to face the wrath of the law? More than 60 women have come out to claim that he sexually assaulted them. Bill Cosby has got his verdict, now it's time for Harvey Weinstein #TimesUp
That’s all well and good, but did you get the joke?
You win the internet, again.
That headline though. Damn!
Justice ! F all Bills
So glad Cosby is finally going to jail. Nothing to laugh about now huh?

Good riddance. He won't last a week behind bars. The majority of prisoners sternly frown upon women being abused.

Adios Mr. Jello Puddin' Popper.
Damn jury quaaludes.
You guys must’ve been sitting on this gem for months. Fucking perfect
https://twitter.com/GeorgeHampton23/status/989776822534459393 …
Disoriented like all the women he drugged! GOOD!
Nobody is feeling sorry Bill. Go and die quietly in jail plz.
Outstanding!
That's fucking savagery cubed, most excellent work.
they're pudding him in his place
Good one.
Damn lol lol lol lol lol lol lol
xddfZsďdESÈ.sFeaA5ZRXZSEcaďDDDZDZ5SSTwRDsþDd
Now he'll get a suspended sentence with some house arrest because he's too rich and old for prison. He'll die of old age before he ever sees prison.
Almost like some one had slipped a drug into his drink
Tis the joke, aye.
Not long until “pudding pop” has a whole new meaning.
And for what? "Raping while black"? When will we learn? Will it ever stop? &c., &c.
sure he's disoriented he's gotten away with raping women for years now he's going to prison he's probably in shock
I always remember him to be funny, fatherly, but he did horrible things. No one is above the law.
That’s too good
I cannot believe some of the stupid replies to this smart sarcasm.
In the polarizing times, the onion has done a great job making jokes about everything..thank you 
I'm still po'd about Obama getting rid of the dragon tank
Lol this is golden thanks for the rt
This tweet deserves a Pulitzer

hahahah, Bravo!
Justice served and the Jello will be on the prison industry from now on.
Finally someone “Slipped” something on Cosby.... 
#savage
Just recreating the scenes himself
He figures. Well, 80 years, I had a good run
That’s just damned funny...

His life is over.   Sad but just

#TrumpPardon
Now put him in cell block E so He is the one under the influence of Roof E.

Rohypnol Spike?
Lol

onions are my heroes
something about this is making me disoriented as well...
@JeromyPresley
Ouch!
This is not funny. The man is BLIND

Ooof.


Lmfaoooo
But you could tell he wanted it.

Good one!
nice one LOL
God.
how ironic
Noah!!!!!!!
Hahaha Brilliant.
I love you guys and gals and non-binary pals. 
Slips conviction into his verdict. XD LOL HA HA HA

Hahahaha
Oooooooh that headline is brutal

Nice!
Truly sad!
Great!
WHO KNEW THE
 FUNNYIST MAN ON THE PLANET COULD RUIN SO 
MANY WOMENS LIVES. THOSE WOMEN CARRY A HURT THAT WE CANNOT IMAGINE. HE REALLY DESERVES THE 30 YRS, EVEN AT HIS AGE. BUT I FEEL HE WILL GET HIS HAND SLAPPED. HIS LAWYER WILL PULL EVERY CARD YOU CAN THINK OF, TO CUT SENTENCE
“Dad is great give us disoriented cake”
@CBrielle5 
Brings a tear to my fuking eye!.
Oh damn

Oh the irony

You mean disoriented like the many women were after he slipped them one of his little blue pills!
Ya'll stupid. Lol.
Shameful - He sure had a lot of folks fooled for a long long time.
I have great sympathy for his victims. I hope you feel lighter in this next chapter of your life / lives.
Disoriented as if someone had slipped him a couple of quaaludes ?
This is, in fact, the joke
Ouch
BRAVO!
Greatest headlline -thx 

J-A-I-L-O
Good one
Poor ol’ Cos... 

Ah now  I  get  it lol
I hear they serve pudding in prison.

Probably not the kind Cosby likes...
damb
Let’s call an ace an ace and a spade a spade. All of them are wrong but why does Donald Trump get a pass? White privilege..
Bill Cosby almost made it his whole life without learning how to play Spades.
Well played @TheOnion. Well played.
Never dreamed he’d be accountable ....justice is served
How long did you have that title locked and loaded?
KARMA is a bitch isn't it #BillCosby

Well done!
