Just a reminder that Obama gave him glowing remarks repeatedly and nothing ever came up. Now that he is on team Trump...the mud slinging begins. I think Americans see through this crap.
He wasn't considered to head the VA then. Greatly amplified responsibilities. The allegations are concerning, but I'm primarily worried about his lack of managerial experience. Our vets will suffer.
They are suffering now with the current VA. There needs to be a shakeup. A proven doctor, who is also a veteran, who has glowing remarks from two presidents seems to be a pretty good qualification. Also, he will have others on his team.
Accept for the minor problem of having no experience in running a large organization. He appears to be a fine man but he was not vetted and I do not think he is what the VA needs. Sometimes experience matters.
Again, the experience piece is a fine argument. I get that point. Sometimes, it doesn't matter as much. My point is the random allegations that seem to surface in times like these are crap.
I understand what you're trying to say. I remain very concerned re his lack of any managerial experience of a LARGE operation. It's not against him personally.The allegations are worrying, and in such a troubled dept, our vets will need a warrior. My mom would be great.
Great.
Refreshments for the hearing.
Veterans deserve a competent leader of the VA, and they should not be forced to accept an improperly vetted nominee before a hearing, and quite frankly, neither should the American people
Give him a fair hearing after the WH properly vets him. Why should congress put up with these hastily chosen picks that have not been screened by the WH?
Allegations key word Allegations. The MSM networks are trying to be judge jury and executioner.
No. The Senate committee wants to look into the allegations. That is why they cancelled the hearing. Trump's team should have vetted him. Now the Senate will
It should be just a one strike rule. Especially when it comes to our veterans, he’s not even qualified for the position, but since chump thinks he a swell guy, that’s enough. If the rumors are half true, he should go. All these people are doing is giving him a chance to lie.
MERRICK.  GARLAND.
Well of COURSE they are! If *they* don't, who will!
Lets have a hearing. Put it allout there for everyone to see
What time did the bus run over him?
Going down with his SHIP.....
Why do the WH comms staff all use the word “frankly “?  Frankly, I don’t get it
"The White House" lol
Of course this wh would want this guy kept around, they are not about to give up their drug supplier.
Oh why not just put a completely unqualified person in to run the already beleaguered VA. Make the cabinet a full set of buffoons
Anything goes, no corruption to foul, no actions to heinous, and no Pussy unveiled.  We can thank folks such as @SenJohnMcCain and @JeffFlake for the mess. #CorruptToTheCore
Surely there are AA. meetings on The Hill. If he’s going to get the nomination perhaps it should come with that as a caveat. But even sober he would still lack the experience needed.
Why didn't you feel that way about Obama's Supreme court nominee?
Dr. Jackson should withdraw - @WhiteHouse and the Lunatic in charge have no idea what extreme vetting means — so we will get a drunkard & pill popper to run the @DeptVetAffairs?  Shameful. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Huckabilly @PressSec @POTUS @MSNBC @CNN @POTUS  @nytimes
The swamp is overflowing!
tRump chose this bimbo because Josef Mengele wasn't available.
Of course the pussy grabbing President would defend him lol.
and you’re surprised by this why?
Oh why not. He fits the basket of deplorables already in place.
Merrick Garland deserved a fair hearing, too.
That's because he'll fit right in,  what he's done and lacks in experience is nothing compared to #BettyDevos #Pruitt #Trump,  #kakistocracy at its best
We want Doc Johnson to take the heat off us for awhile. GOOD LUCK DOC!

#FAKENEWS
