Trump acknowledged that Michael Cohen represented him “with this crazy Stormy Daniels thing,” but then the call went out so you couldn’t hear what else he said on Fox & Friends.
I am sure Trump puts blame on Fox and Friends for asking right questions and let him talk and talk ending badly
Media still seems shocked/surprised whenever something tRump says turns out to be a lie. Wake the F up.
So much whiplash w Toddler-in-Chief
It's beyond old!
Remember when bugs bunny said he went that a way pointing in both directions
Perfect. Need to get a picture of that!
That Sanders mouthpiece for tRuuump IN WH, does she know how Ridiculous she looks when We all know she is lying for Him!!!!! But according to tRuuump base it is all the Democrats, Obama, Hilary,the man or women on the corner, the man on the moon, the little green men from space
This ain't selective memory, confusion, any of that.. Benedict Donald Chump probably lies in his dreams. It's as if for him breathing is second nature while lying is first.
There goes the pardon?
Why do these fools continue to let him speak. @MichaelAvenatti

Yep, I remember, but here’s a surprise, NOT A SINGLE TRUMPSTER REMEMBERS IT.

Odd, don’t you think?
Merrily lying to america every day. Then lies about lies. He eill claim someone else is lying even louder than the claims made about him.
Least credible guy on the planet. He is from the village of the liars. A sickness.
I remember
The most effective way to depose Trump for Mueller or SDNY would be to set it up as if he was on Fox & Friends.
Here is how it would go:
Mueller: "Do you swear to tell the truth and nothing but the truth? If so, say what."
Trump: "What"
Ah, a Firesign Theater fan!
I wonder if @Jim_Jordan would call that a LIE?
Still waiting for any reason why any one should care?
Why should anyone care that he lied? Idk maybe because he's the president.
Never bothered anyone before. Saying he lied is an allegation in itself, he has staff that handle complaints from anyone & everyone.
Today he has staff but one is running to the hills every other day
Did someone ask why we should care if the potus (albeit POS illegitimate, installed potus) lies about everything? How about that piece of shit represents our country. Right now, that says America is a tribe of assbackward dumbasses who have not evolved & cannot be trusted.
And that's your tribe & yes you haven't. Better get a grip on how to cope with the evidence of the horrific crimes, treason being the not close to the worst, that are getting ready to become public.
When you find out how horrific things are...you won't be feeling so smug.  Why not stop with the animosity and get along...too much for you?  Shows you feel threatened.  Things are not as they seem.
Well I thought everything was great now the your savior got in my oval office, you ask for peace and to get along right after calling someone smug, I've already wasted to much energy on you, go back to Fox News
That’s what happens with perpetual liars. They can’t keep their stories straight.
Exactly what I just said!
Was there a tape delay?
Umm, Trump lies constantly. Of course his accounts of things change constantly too
He lies so much that he can’t keep the bs straight
It’s hard to keep track of lies
He can’t remember his lies!
More crazy sh*t from our Prez
It's amazing what Trump gets away with. Excuse my language but he could announce on national tv that his sh** doesn't stink & his base would say, "IT DOESN'T? 
WOW!"
Ha Haaaa! The chickens are coming home to roost!
Let’s go to the videotape!
Who knew lying to America could be so difficult!
And..did you actually think this time he would be telling the truth..
He can’t remember anything when he rages so he just tells the truth. Gotta admire a man who lies so much he can’t even remember them.
#Powerisahelluvadrug!  
This is confusing, wasn't he referring to the current round of legal challenges, which Cohen is indeed representing him on?  Didn't seem like he was referring to the original nda today
Because he's a liar...oh, and a REALLY BAD ONE!!!
lol
#TrumpLiesMatter because it is second nature to him and it has grave consequences. He has no character. How can we trust him? Serious question everyone should ask regardless of politics.
Cue @PressSec.
Liar liar .... 
Wait you’re shocked he lied again?
if you had to handicap odds that trump would say something in a live interview that eventually would be used him in a court of law? i'd say at least 50/50 he would say something harmful to his own interests...
As @Comey says in his book, Trump lies about everything, big and small. Sadly for him, his lies are SO OBVIOUS.
Those non-government cell phones are so unreliable.
Who believe anything that comes out this racist sex predator mouth.
But, you know, fake news....
This is why he could never do down with the special investigator. He's walking talking perjury. 
He can't keep any facts or story strait
 trying to think of a time when Trump told the truth.
New nickname for Trump:
#Dolt45
@PressSec prepping for today’s briefing
Today's press briefing is going to be a doozy. SarahHSanders' dance is going to be epic. It will HAVE to be in order to explain away Trump's meltdown monologue on Fox this a.m. #TheReturnOfAlternateFacts  This may be an occasion better suited for @KellyanneLeaks.
Unfit to serve. And national security threat!

Did you actually believe his statement when he was on AF1?  C'mon now! This whole administration lies like water flows.
Okay #Evangelicals the ball is now in your court. Keep in mind your core beliefs, before answering. 
Some questions I would like answered:
Do family values mean anything now?
Does the holy bond of marriage, forsaking all others, mean anything now?
Does @realDonaldTrump ever tell the truth? Did the Evangelicals really make a deal with the devil by continuing to support Trump?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara_S._Jones …
FAUX  a big fabricator
Just because Cohen represented him doesn’t mean that the allegations are true. He has every right to deny an affair. Get real.
Goodness it was well reported that #Cohen asked @POTUS 2 pay him back. @POTUS has always maintained he didnt know payment was made at the time of transfer while learning of it afterwards and Cohen "represented him" on his own discretion. The way you all twist words is astonishing
Ya boy is goin' down....can't wait
Um, that’s because he lies. Like all the time.
I wonder if he's rethinking that take a bullet thing?
So weird his “lawyers” don’t think he should be interviewed.. he couldn’t keep a story straight on a parallel line.
He really is a f**king moron. I wonder if Melania will be thinking of that $130,000 when she opens her :beautiful" birthday card. He didn't work all last week, was alone on Saturday, he couldn't buy her a gift?
@PhilipRucker Trump Lied
DO NOT CONGRATULATE
Yes we remember.
What? He lied?
You absolutely can not believe a word this says
Watching PressSec try to spin this will be true art form.
Just like when Trump denied knowing *anything* that was happening w Michael Flynn from a tarmac on President’s Day 2017 - then fired him within 48 hours!!
Trump lies cover up lies to cover up more lies covering up more lies covering up further lies.
99% lies.
1% he is rich.
If true, he says he has $3 billion then 1% of that amount he has $30,000,000.00
Hysterical all the lies and sickening people still cover up for this buffoon.
One more lie before noon!
Oh come on that was last month!
And 30 something % of American praise this! As Presidential Great behavior! WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE! its like a sick Twlight Zone Espisode! 
You could see from their faces, the panel on Fox knew that Trump was digging his grave.
And this surprises you?
Trying to protect communications is a powerful motivator to suddenly remember this attorney/client relationship.
Kelly lunged for the phone at that moment.

RESIGN

Both are true.
Liars lie
@BrianKarem how pray tell will SHS spin this one
Somebody needs to get this info to @Jim_Jordan asap!  He claims to have never heard #DumbDonald lie.

BTW, @Jim_Jordan is an embarrassment and is insulting his constituents' intelligence by making this claim. It's dangerous when a rep wants people to live in a dream world.
Do you think Trump recalls he said that -- on video?
Philip, here’s a great point you can make today that will shut down Trump defenders...
Members of Congress who voted to impeach Bill for lying ala Lewinsky, but won't vote to impeach Trump for lying about conspiracy w/ Russia. 
I remember when the words of the President of the United States actually meant something, and when it would have actually mattered to our media if the president blatantly and openly lied to the American people.
Happy Birthday Melania..
Wheels off the wagon....
Oops 
Somewhere Trumps legal team are online booking tickets to Dignitas as their client juggles legal chainsaws
I want to believe he truly contradicted himself here, but in all honesty couldn't he say he just meant that Cohen is representing him because Stormy Daniels is suing him?  Someone prove me wrong, please!!
That’s exactly how the other liars in the WH will spin in, I’ll bet.
Happy Birthday Melania! Admitting your attorney paid off the women he slept with while you were at home with a baby is a bold gift choice. Thoughtful & loving.
Just Face Your Now Very Seriouse In Criminal & Federal Comming Prosecution Trump That You Are...


Did Fox shut it down because the truth was coming out?
trump lawyers on top of WH building, ready to jump off ...
The staff jammed his phone so the public would not hear the next words.
So will Cohen still need to take the Fifth, now that Trump has admitted there was a payment and he knew about it?
I can say yes, I can also no.
Trump is stupid and that is why his lawyers don't want him talking to Mueller.
Trump is totally
.
He's having trouble recalling all lies
It's usually what trips up wise guys
Hey Mr. Rucker, I hope you know how much we appreciate your work. Without you staying on the story of the century, we would sure miss a lot. Thanks, man. P.S. Please have fun, because otherwise it’s too grim.
True
He needs a chart to keep track of his lies!
He’s all wound up like a top this morning. Sure sounds like an innocent man to me. Lol.
Dumb Watergate continues
@KatyTurNBC that's the thing with liars, they can't keep their stories straight.  #basta
We all heard trump deny knowledge of the Stormy Daniels affair and we all heard him say that Cohen represents him in it.
Did the WH staff hastily shut the call down?
Michael Avenotti is close to doing a cha cha on @Morning_Joe
Im@“ just trying to figure out who hung up when Trump started incriminated himself on F&F... was it Kelly hanging up or was it Fox News producers who realized that Trump was about to admit the “Stormy deal”. Can you imagine this Dolt under oath?
He read about it in the news just like Obama
I can't see a problem with a Trump-Mueller interview.
It's Called - Federal Crime's Code/Statute's/Act's.
#AlwaysVideo
Unhinged
The man consistently contradicts himself every time he speaks for more than 2 minutes at a time.
Such a liar #EnoughIsEnough


