Why? Why now?
I would like to point out that the bill Grassley is trying to pass on protecting Mueller has an amendment requiring Mueller to report all findings to congress. This would undermine the investigation. Mueller has thus far prevented leaks
Yes, thank you @ronda_rl. The bogus allowance in this false "protection" measure for Mueller needs to be exposed, stat. Press, are you heading . . .???
*heeding! (autocorr.) 
https://twitter.com/EJButlerSF/status/989555151953317888?s=20 …
Seriously @washingtonpost @nytimes @AP @CNN @politico Are you trying to screw up this investigation!! Wait Like everyone until it’s over then you can ask what ever the hell you want!!! 
Can you imagine if we had a press this aggressive during fast and furious, the IRS scandal, the EPA chief using private emails, Benghazi, the stonewalling of Congress by the DOJ?
The same press who were obsessed with Benghazi and emails and gave Trump endless phone interviews?  There were no charges, no search warrants. It was fodder for political theater and you are still falling for it.
Obsessed? ROFLAO, the emails were a smoking gun that the couldn't ignore.

No charges, No warrants, pretty odd if one is illegally sending classified information to a home grown server, wouldn't you agree?
Kinda like using a personal phone in the oval for gov business and other bs huh?
Or Pence using a private email server while Governor of IN or Secretary Clinton's predecessors using private email servers...list goes on.
Pruitt has been using various private emails too
Kinda like straight up giving Israeli classified information to the Russians.
@mattzap @washingtonpost Don't do it. Its wrong.
Can be summed up below...

This looks suspiciously like journalism. What am I missing?
It is an ongoing investigation. If they get the material, leak it, those being investigated that werent aware they were under investigation can destroy evidence.
Would that if you where this dedicated to vetting Trump during the 2016 election. WTF is wrong with you journalists jeopardizing an ongoing criminal investigation!!! With your constant badgering of ‘will Trump Fire Mueller?’ to unsealing indictments for Trump... disgraceful
Wonder why they didn't ask the FBI why they've never looked at DNC servers that the Russians hacked?
Or the RNC EMAILS that were hacked in addition to dnc?
Who hacked those emails? Don't hear much about those. Must not be too important.
I believe that info was intentionally withheld for future purposes such as blackmail.
And blow up the case for the prosecution, are you all MAD ?!?!?
Long overdue
Shouldn't we just let him do his job? Why attempt to spill the beans and give the opposition a heads up.
Oh thank god. I was worried for a second that it was the House Intelligence Committee wanting those materials.
season 3 will need a new vp" now with fewer obstruction issues"(and that rosanne likes in that role), you know just in case
maybe the koch brothers have some bad news about mike pence
The people are asking which journalists FusionGPS paid. 

The people are asking why it's a crime to leak, but publishing the leaks is "journalism"--even when the "journalists" are Democrat activists, not a free press. 

The unmaskers & leakers must be punished.
Very Important! Crucial! I together with you United States of America! I say! 10.   
Sometimes the media goes too far!   Let Mueller do his job,  leave him alone!
A bridge top far.
*too
It will be fascinating to see who opposes the release.
Hey News Outlets, Let Mueller do his fucking job so we can get this shit show Admin out of our lives. Please. Let him be and when he’s finished we can all move on. Don’t waste his time!!  America & our lives, may literally depends on this
I'd love to see the buget.
Of course. If Mueller stays too quiet he keeps doing his job. If media can uncover some of his evidence, Trump can fire him. And media will have the story they desperately want. And we all know McConnell won't allow a vote on the bill to protect Mueller so MSM doing major damage.
When will the COLLUDING MEDIA request the evidence that started the "Russia" hoax?
Explain the reasoning here, Philip.  Please.
How about, ummm. NO! That’s just stupid! It’s an “INvestigation”
I hope they don't until after the investigation is over tf they supposed investigate?
No!
Why?
Sometimes the press does overreach. For God's sake, it is an ongoing criminal espionage investigation. The Court should tell them to Pound Sand.
They already have it, they need it unsealed so we don't know it was leaked!! Think about it, you don't ask unless you know what's already there.
What's going on?  What brought this on?
Something's happening
Nice.
I'm going to try not to get too excited about this.
Leave Mueller alone. This is an open investigation and you really don’t have. Right to see it in advance. Are all of you on the Republicans payroll or what. I’m ashamed for you.
DENY
Stop, please... can we have a clean, not compromised, and prosecutable case... you'll have plenty to report on... a little patience please... Mueller will let info out in court filings when he is ready. Need I say it, our country/democracy come before premature reporting.
I wonder why Fox didn’t join in?
NO
it's an on going investigation
They should just let Mueller do his job without asking that sealed info be made public.
No....it's an ongoing investigation...leave it alone before you screw it up!
Please let this investigation continue with no interference.
Things that make you go hmmmmm
DO NOT SCREW UP THIS INVESTIGATION!
Why?
Why?  Let Mueller and team perform their investigation without interference from the media/press.
Finally some journalism let the chips fall
crazy
They can't get it until it's unsealed watch out for phoney news articles
Interesting move...
yikes!!
This will hurt the case, MSM is dropping the ball here!!
No!  Let mueller do his job!
000
Why? Let's just turn over the info to the GOP and Trump now and let them see what's up. Makes no sense.
I don’t see this as very different from what the crooked Republicans in Congress have been pulling. The stuff the MEDIA has ridiculed & railed against. You media types very much helped to elect Trump...if you screw up the investigation it will not be forgotten or forgiven.
Why not get your Lock Her Up t-shirts out and start fussing about her emails again? You know, revisit the crap you were eaten up with in 2016 while you were helping put the most corrupt President and administration ever seen in in country in power.
What is wrong with these people? Unseal materials in an ongoing investigation. Sure, show the game plan. Sad commentary
Okay, so Mueller's no fun now and needs to hurry up  because the press are getting bored.
But wait.  Aren't they fake news in cahoots with the Dems?  Why would they do something that might undermine Mueller somehow?  Oh, that's right.  They are journalists doing their job.  Those that accuse them of being fake news, take note.
there are none,
Good Luck.
Do Not Unseal docs. Let Mueller do his job, & let the press do their jobs separately. Mueller is investigating something that has our country at risk. 
Press could have investigated back in 2016 election & vetted DJT, & didn't. 
Now, they depend on leaks over real journalism.
Well now you are helping house republicans attack the Muller investigation.
Good. Take it seriously. Time is wasting.
This is actually quite sick from the media. Let mall or do his damn job. Why the hell would he leak anything to the media? This is not effing journalism.
Not sure I understand how releasing this information will hurt the investigation. Manafort has access to these documents right?  His attorneys all have access to these documents. Do we not assume that the content of those documents weren't shared with the Trump team?
*were
This is harassment of the DOJ in an ongoing investigation.  Not appropriate.
@NormEisen will a judge release documents for an ongoing investigation? Sounds like @wapo @nytimes et al have exhausted their sources for news. Thoughts?
Not good. MSM can not be trusted to keep this information to themselves. They are looking for fodder to write about. Page views over country.

Nosey.
Investigative reporting is really weak at this time. It's bound to happen when journalists work for oligarchs.
Why? I don't get it. Let the man do his investigation!
I have an idea- how about we leave the leak-free investigation alone. 
Any of these news outlets ask a federal court to release trumps tax returns. Is this common practice in an ongoing investigation
Disgusting. You people don't give a damn about America. This is a ridiculous motion that will get thrown out by any same judge.
Wtf
Such bullshit
This is a very bad idea. Republicans would distort all the info & declare the search warrants invalid. Mueller must be allowed to complete his investigation in peace!
Should I start calling you Nunes, Jr.?
why
How can you ask for materials concerning an ongoing investigation whereby formal charges remains outstanding, and where investigative/relative materials are being sorted? This is one time that the Press maybe playing with a "bad hand."
No , not if it hurts the Investigation
Let Mueller do his job and not compromise it!
I'm willing to wait for the reveal party!!
And, if granted, we can unequivocally determine who is full of shit here.
Why
I think it might be pre-mature
What is the benefit from this?
Glad to see this.
This is Exhibit A in why the "Biased MSM" argument from disaffected right and left wingers is bullshit.
DO NOT INTERFERE IN THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION!!
I trust the Courts will protect the confidentiality of an ongoing investigation.
I have a feeling they all have a high level of confidence that it will reveal that the foundation of the investigation is solid. Notice absence of Fox and other state news outlets...
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
Disagree. It should stay under seal until Mueller has an iron clad case against ALL those who have collided with Russia, laundered money, or worse. The public does not need to know Mueller’s inner workings until he’s ready.
Hell NO !!!
How long will that take?
Well that’s helpful.
We all want this to end with Trump being exposed (not literally ). Disclosure of sensitive, sealed evidence would give Trump and his cronies the opportunity to discredit what has been discovered. We all know what Trump spews is gospel to his followers.  Let Mueller do his job.
I have a feeling that whatever information is stored on the Stormy
disc will eventually lead to exposing The Donald, literally. Yuck
That’s a frightening  thought !
I think we can all agree that we would love to see this information and the public has the right to know, but not if there is even the slightest chance that this will harm the investigation in any way.
Absolutely!
Why?

Why not let it play out?? Why would any of us pretend to know how this works or what potential harm could come from it?
Because we’re paying attention.  And we care about our democracy. 
Yes, yes - same.  But that's also why I want to let him do his job.  I don't particularly care how he got the warrants; and if it provides some kind of heads-up to the people being investigated, i just don't see the benefit of unsealing things that are part of an ongoing gig
Thanks for clarifying. Your first comment sounded like you wanted them to unseal the info and let it all play out. I think that’s how most of us took it.
Oh whoops. No, no. Sorry about that .
No worries.
In such an important case such as this, the right for the public's desire for information does not supersede a case that may involve treasonous behaviors by the president and or his campaign. We need a water tight case.
This isn't Normal is it!!!!!???
@NatashaBertrand @washingtonpost was none
Why?  This is an ongoing investigation, Mueller has been excellent in keeping info from leaking.  Why in the world would he give info to the Press?  Wait until it's over guys, who do you think you are, @DevinNunes?
Totally agree.  Good grief.
Let’s wait until the investigation is over, it’s more fun that way.
We have a corrupt POTUS. This investigation is the most important we have ever had. The press HAS to take a backseat. I want trump to have as little info as possible as to what Mueller has & where the investigation is headed. Maybe my response is way off about the press’ request?
I feel the same way.
If it will keep the investigation intact and give Hannity a bad day... I say      DO IT!!!!!
Very intersting piece of news. Let's see how it evolves....
“Or you could just let me do my job.”
This, exactly.

You guys need to back off and let the man work. If the press screws this up, there’s gonna be hell to pay.
They screwed up reporting on the election & acted like a Russian unwitting agent, a total disservice to the American people, there will be hell to pay if they screw this up too
He might as well here’s all the evidence against you,no judge should allow this
Serious question. What are the chances such a request will be granted?
You know...sometimes the media just needs to CHILL. Revealing that information could interfere in or tip off others yet to be named. Let Mueller do his job!
Yes of course the people need to know, but will this sully the investigation in any way? Shouldn’t they be thinking of that?
If it would, it won't be released. I hope.
hey @FoxNews, where you at?
Up trump's ass as usual.
Why?
To publicly air the laundry list of illegal activities and finally put to death the "fake news" bullshit once and for all?
I can wait until the investigation is over. No need to taint this case.
