I stopped tuning in to the news on my local ABC station @ABC7News because they are owned by Sinclair and had begun airing the anti-news script Sinclair forced many of its stations to air.
I quit watching their local news altogether. By not watching their stations, you take the sin out of Sinclair.
Katy many of the Sinclair owned networks are NBC affiliates. What steps is the network taking to ensure that corporate agendas masked as news are removed from local broadcasts?

I no longer watch @CBS12 in West Palm Beach. New to area I switched once I learned. Amazing how much more news is on 25. Better anchors too. The other was weird but on before Colbert so I was lazy. No more
Rich Republicans want an outlet to spread their scumbag agenda? Song as old as time.
My local paper:
I feel like I’m living in an unimagined alternative reality! Everyday, I keep hoping to awaken from this nightmare!
I contacted my local affiliate regarding their Sinclair flavored slant and got a nasty email back from the station owner.  Not going to watch that channel ever again. They are Hitler inspired.
Carla Clemens

@cadalakjack
 1h
1 hour ago

More
Carla Clemens Retweeted Katy Tur
I have already stopped watching our local SInclair owned ABC station....WICS Channel 20, Springfield, IL.  The made their anchors read the pledge.....they have FAKE NEWS!
Knowing this company scripts their news and promotes propaganda is frightening.
What a bot-douche! Do you get rubbles with that crazy? Rolling Stone for years has conducted good investigative journalism. They got gigged not to long ago for the Virginia story, but they have a history of fine journalism. Now go tell Comrade Putin you did good.
We're pledging to #BoycottSinclair. Are you in?
Well focus on PAI
He permits it
Pai is corrupt 
No story on that 

Just like the campaign 
Everyone does same 4-5 stories
Mostly about the plant in the WH.

We have rolling fascism. 
You appear asleep at the wheel AGAIN
I no longer watch WOAI NBC and KABB Fox 29 San Antonio newscasts thanks to Sinclair.
@CBS12 had on some shady former FBI guy saying Palm Beach was over run with M 13 gang members. Old people yes gangs roaming no. Next night they warned local girls being sold into sex slavery by the 100’s in PBC . What?
Oregon is infested, I dvr only and ff to weather and sports. #1984
I am hoping the on air & off air folk, on my Sinclair channel, rebel. 
This isn't who they have ever been.
Colleague at Penn has a Center for conversation about this type of thing. https://www.asc.upenn.edu/node/5182 
This is why there were strict limits on how many media outlets a person/Org could own

‘Sinclair’s must-carry content is of such unalloyed Trumpian variety, that The Washington Post’s Erik Wemple tells Rolling Stone that it runs "incredibly close to state-run, pure propaganda."’
Extremely frightening. It's actually  worse than Murdoch's #FauxNews.
Also, Pai is a criminal.
Aren’t there limits to how many stations one entity can control??
The answer is easy. Go after the board of directors.  Remind them of what they have to lose 1 by 1 until you achieve the results needed to maintain a functioning democracy.
I'm not going to cry for our press, Katy. Y'all got us into this mess.
OK so even IF people are NOT concerned about Sinclair, per se...think that IF Sinclair is ever bought by someone else or a foreign power they will be able to get into WAY too many homes.
They've been planning this for a long time....
It’s where #CaptainChesapeake got started
And wasn’t the sea monster named Trudy?  It was so long ago. And no, I didn’t like Capt. Chesapeake
Mondy-this guy wore the outfit..Jimmy , the traffic guy for Fox45
https://youtu.be/6QSA2sqlPxM 
 'Can I Get a Fish Sandwich?' Traffic Jam Jimmy Caught in the Drive ...
This needs to be watched!! Please keep telling everyone about this!! Scary stuff@!
Sinclair Broadcasting is scary. 

But #StateTV is scary, too. And journalists on @msnbc & other legit journalism have spent 20 years giving Ailes’ & Murdoch’s little propaganda monster the benefit of the doubt.

Failure to call out @FoxNews paved the way for Trump & Sinclair.
Ajit Pai is FCC chair due to a quid pro quo w/ Trump. Nice contribution involved. Google David Smith + Prostitute & you’ll find out how closely he is in character to Trump. None of this is good.
This is sickening. Evil propagandists. What does it tell you about their agenda that they have to manipulate and blatantly lie?
I'm in Connecticut, and, fortunately, there are no Sinclair-owned stations in Connecticut *or* Massachusetts.
Good one
It amazes me how many dolts think this is no big deal and just the same as apparent bias on cable news. Effing morons. Critical thought seems to be an endangered species these days.
I just love Your shows!
Well, I have concerns about Sinclair, but when nearly all TV news depends on selling Alfa Romeos, things are already going down hill
I literally, and I do mean literally, get my daily world/national/local news from twitter while I'm eating breakfast. I see the gravity of the implications here, but I have yet to be exposed to a single piece of misinformation/propaganda from Sinclair. Not that I'd buy any of it.

Anything in Rolling Stone is automatically trash so you can relax
Someone needs to make a hostile takeover of Sinclair.
I am avoiding the ABC channel in my city which is controlled by Sinclair. Propaganda doesn't work for me.
Be ever vigilant. #resist
@WeAreSinclair demonizes local networks.
MSNBC is a scripted opinion network plain and simple and you're really bitching about the opposite side doing the same......WOW!
So you can be a mouthpiece for the Clintons, the DNC and all things liberal but you are worried about the opposite message.  Typical lefty #fakenews
Sinclair Broadcasting is deeply disconcerting.  The only hope is to target advertisers in these small markets and drive these evil swamp creatures out of the broadcast business.
This is a garbage article. What hacks like Katy are mad about is Sinclair will no longer allow their reporters to report on speculation and innuendo better known as FakeNews. Katy you work for the most biased network in News it’s laughable for you to criticize Sinclair.
Have you ever ridden a horse?

Too late! MSNBC and CNN convinced millions to worry about the information being they are being fed.
