You’re comparing Katy Tur to Bridget Jones?

Ms Tur never embarrassed herself covering Trump, was one of the few real journalists who asked hard questions & demanded answers, didn’t bite no matter how much Trump taunted her by name, showed great professionalism..,
Have you read the book? It wasn’t an insult at all!
Congrats!
Katy this book is ridiculously well written. I lean to the Right but I enjoyed the candor all the way through. Little Katy hit the mark by not making this a leftists crusade against the deplorables. And, it’s funny!
By the way the reference to “little Katy” was made several times by Donald during the campaign  and mentioned in her book lovingly haha
Katy was nobody until she met #Trump. He “made her” like he’s done for 100’s of journalists pundits and nonbelievers @realDonaldTrump a gift to #MSM
Immediately upon reading "Unbelievable" I knew it was high time to remove the adjective "retarded" from the non-PC terminology list...
Yawn 
Better reading a Matvel comic
reminded me of hillary clinton vs President Trump.  both had their arses handed to them....
This is on my reading list for summer patio reading!
@  Love this book! It is a fast, breezy and fun book to read with a lot of details about how Trump really works nasty.
“Get it out, Katy!”
“I will! I will!”
 #TopTenCampaignMoments
Yes. Another 'journalist' using Trump to make money. They bash him on TV then cash in using his name. All while their moronic leftists followers get hooked on their conspiracy theories like "collusion", "obstruction of justice" for the last 1 year. Like Trump says - Sad!
Very good book! Great read
How many people exactly are making money on the Trump phenomenon? I think I will write a book titled something like: “I happened to stand near a TV when Trump won. Here are my thoughts.”
Too many to count. Everyone is profiting off of the #orangeooze. Of course no one is profiting more than the #orangeooze himself.
An #nbcnews reporter? Isnt that an oxymoron?
Everyone you get Trump to sign I'll buy  @POTUS
So many people have wrote about this president. Crazy!
Agreed.
Piece of junk book!!! Don’t waste your money.
Big fraud book use for golden showers
Trump’s original sin is bringing spotlight to gossipy reporters & writers
Best book I’ve read about the campaign.
Thank you, Katie....how you survived his campaign is beyond belief!!
Unbelievable was the first book I read about the 2016 campaign and I loved it. Katy writes just as she reports, I could almost hear her speaking the words from the book. Highly recommend
It's definitely on my list of books to read soon!
Does your neck hurt?
Another book for the clearance table at Barnes and Noble. People are tired of all the lefty books.
Excellent book!!!
I’m sure it’s filled with lies ! To hell with msnbc !! All they due from dusk til dawn is spread misinformation
GREAT book, much to appreciate in Katy Tur and her professionalism.  3 surprises for me in this book, not surprising though was the chapter about her parents.  Easy to see where her drive, deduction to truth and staying professional.
Honestly, I wish that there was less Bridget Jones - so repetitive so as to distract from actually crackled: the Crazy on the campaign trail.  I might not have said that if Katy would be have talked about her transgendered father - that's a backdrop!
She mentions her father’s gender identity and her onetime relationship with Keith Olbermann—the two things her detractors like to use to pound on her—exactly once each. And that’s appropriate. Those things have nothing to do with the story.
Well, I think Bridget Jones would have talked about it, a lot.  But, yes, I would've preferred so much more on her hair, clothes, makeup, boyfriends, travel, career.  Couldn't get enough of it!
I can't wait to get my hands on one! Congrats @KatyTurNBC !
Or Gidget Goes on the Campaign Trail.
Looking forward to curling up with this read this summer.
Read the book...@katyturnbc is equivalent to a bad college reporter. 

She only got her reporting job to cover President Trump cause they didn't think he would last and they didn't want to waste talent.
Thus, she didn't go to Washington to cover the White House - as is customary.
How did you survive?
Read it and loved it! Definitely recommend to anyone asking themselves "how did this happen!?"
She's just trying to make money. Nothing worth reading
Modern "journalists" photograph so well.
that woman 
Every time I see this photo of Katy Tur I think it’s Maria Callas.
I truly enjoyed this book.  Katy Tur was able to capture the true roller coaster ride of the campaign, and the gamut of emotions that ran with it.  I look forward to her next book.
Got the audiobook!
What a babe!
Rubbish.....
It is a great book. Very informative and entertaining.
The Doors - The End (original) https://youtu.be/JSUIQgEVDM4  via @YouTube ...into The Heart of Darkness...
I like this "my neck hurts" pose.
The title says it all and it was an unbelievable read.
fabulous book. one of the best on the campaign.
