Just let mueller finish!  Patience
Katy's tweet is incorrect; the call from Dems is for the release of the transcripts from the investigation of the House Intelligence Committee.
That makes sense!! Ok. No messing with my muella
Your tweet is wrong. It's "House Investigation transcripts". Not Mueller investigation transcripts.
Not a smart move. Premature release of the transcripts has too many pitfalls. As despicable as Nunes etc. is - let it be released when all the cards are in and they are ready to act. Patient is a virtue here.
They aren't releasing final reports just the actual transcripts of what happened when the House Intel Committee was holding hearings. It's nonpartisan. It's just what was actually said by everyone. It's full transparency. No opinions, just the actual questions and answers.
So when Mueller concludes no Trump Russia collusion, what next? Back to Stormy Daniels?
Mueller has such a solid case against Trump for obstruction of justice that, in the unlikely event he can't prove "collusion", he can certainly fall back on that. Or on the decade of Trump laundering rubles through the Taj Mahal. There are really so many options to choose from.
Or pushing a kid down in the playground when he was 3?
Well, that's not an actual crime, so no.
Stop calling it a partisan thing- it is a patriot vs non patriot thing EOS
Headline correction, egregious: it's house Intel transcripts, NOT Mueller transcripts.
Katy, Katy, Katy, stay off the bottle while tweeting. It’s NOT the Mueller investigation transcripts- it’s the House Intelligence Comm transcripts.
Katy- The Trumpites fully politicized the investigation and gave a thin veneer to protect Trump with their “report”.... Let our side make the full transcripts available to everyone to be fully informed, not just false Reps spin.
The drawback is we keep trying to answer to @GOP and @POTUS and then the info gets diluted and looses its punch! Stop let #Mueller do his thing
Schiff-hole is excreting again.
I know it’s hard, he’s speaking in real sentences with words, unlike your orange leader. We can find someone to translate the smart people talk if you’d like. Just ask someone.
Oh look at the cute Soros-bot!
Erroneous headline, open the link you’ll see. House Intel transcripts, NOT MUELLER’S
You may want to proofread your tweet.
Fix that error.
Which is it Mueller or House investigation transcripts
Could the GOP intel committee's complete mischaracterizations and diversions also be considered obstruction of justice? They are attempting to undermine Mueller et al while he is still investigating. @RepSwalwell @RepAdamSchiff
Adam for Speaker...or VP
You are being laughed at by the Russia thing, poor idiotic media/cable news
House
Have you ever pissed up a rope? Good luck
Sounds Desperate
Not surprised!!!!
Adam creepy mofo Schiff
Good luck getting them.
I really feel for Those guys. Anyway, you said today you’re off to Australia? Excited for fall? Enjoy
