Every wife's dream for their birthday: your husband goes on national television and admits that he had his lawyer pay off the woman he slept with while you're home with your newborn son. Happy birthday. And he called in to honor her?

Hey, she is married to the President of the United States. He has given her enough. 
Who selected the card though?
The ending of that interview was hilarious check out how @TheDailyShow & Trevor N talked about it
Someone should send her a framed picture of this.
Send one to donnie as well.
Trump to Melania:
Roses are red and violets are blue, I’ve got porn stars and honey I got you!
The best card. You’ve never seen such a card.

You actually think he picked out a card?
What a cad!
Wow
Oh, but he did give her plenty...that her lawyer will use in divorce court...especially about MC representing him in the "Stormy thing". After all, there wouldn't have been a need for a lawyer if he'd stuck with Melania and the newborn Barron like a devoted husband and father.
Not at all! He gave her a wonderful admission of guilt.
Good Grief. She is educated, poised, beautiful and an outstanding young woman who is stuck with a man Ho.
should have given her $131,000.01 to show her he loves her mor than any other!
#TOUCHÉ
Sad this is what you are reporting about
He still thinks he’s doing Howard Stern gigs.
Her present she wanted was "leave me the hell alone, Trump"
The best thing he could give Melania is a divorce settlement well in excess of the prenup.
I guess her request for a voodoo doll, throwing knives a tranquilizer gun and a fire axe went unanswered.
To quote Bill Cosby, “A—hole!”
Because every day with trump is a gift?

She would be happy if he agreed to not touch her for a week
"Oh! And I got her flowers." Yeaaaah, flowers. And a new car. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A new car. And a picture frame, just like the one I have on my desk here. Let's see what else I go her...
What’s THAT:  “Better To Let People  You’re An Idiot...Than To Open Your Mouth & Remove All Doubt”. NEVERI’dANYthing on .@foxandfriends .@FoxNews or even .@seanhannity... But they’re making #GREAT. XOXO #FOX.@sunny .@TheView .@ananavarro .@LeaBlackMiami .@EdanClay
He forgot until Fox reminded him for sure!
There just sad. To into a tv show because it’s his wife’s birthday ?? How crazy is that
Said birthday card is most probably laying at the bottom of a waste paper basket, unopened and torn to tiny pieces (including the check inside.)
Probably not the cheque... She's too money-hungry. If she were the type to tear up a cheque she'd have divorced him a long time ago.
Who cares??
Maybe after forgetting her birthday and having her give him hell, maybe that’s why he was such a big guy on F&F.
Cheap prick!
You’d think he’d want to hide what a jerk he is...ah,, welll
Yeah, I bet he was in the Hallmark store picking it out.
Dollar Store has a HUGE birthday card selection.
He has people he can have do his bidding.  She’s an afterthought to him.
What a romantic! A divorce would be a dream gift I'm guessing.
No, a lacky got her a card, otherwise one of today’s top breaking news stories would have been “Trump shops for wife’s birthday card”
It's all about him. I'd hate to be her regardless of all the money, yuck
He plays golf every weekend and has no time.
.Dude you see rock on her finger? I think he has gifts covered for a bityou are such #veryfakenews
What a thoughtful husband he is.
Just so very sad...
And he gave her the pen after he signed it

Divorce papers? She'd love that.
#DickSickle
#Doh
Maybe he bought her Comey's book..
What a great guy. 
This. Man. Is. Demented. Only possible explanation. Not giving is one thing, bragging on nat’al news? CRAY CRAY
Bets on divorce once he's kicked out of our WH?
Nothing says Happy Birthday like a solo trip to visit the Obamas
Probably an e-card that he had a staffer send, maybe with balloons even! To Melania:
The height of self-centered ness. So many resources and staff to be used for a gift and he can’t even be bothered setting it in motion. Too busy being president???
Sure enough he’s not Mr popular at his house. White House or not. She’s fed up with his horror show.
ooo, lucky lady 
An uncontested divorce with full alimony and full child custody for life would suffice to make it Melania's happiest birthday!
I guess it is as beautiful as the wall he wants to build...hahahaa
I think the card and flowers are plenty. However we know he didn't pick them out. That's the sad part.
Right. Like he went out and bought a card.  They probably gave him construction paper and crayons.
Be he got her nothing. He called in because it was her birthday and spent his time talking about Cohen yeah that makes a lot of sense

Does anyone believe he went to Hallmark and searched for just the right card for her?
Hope Melania divorces #Trumps fata$$
He so sucks
TRUMP 
Melania’s card is nice from @papyrus not that cheap @Hallmark crap. Message: She may have gotten $130k but you got the keys to half this fake empire. Happy birthday baby! Love John Barron
He's an unfit husband and UNQUALIFIED to serve our great country. 
And an admission that he knew that Stormy Daniels was paid off, proving the affair and another lie. #FreeMeliania!! (So she can testify)
Cheapskate to the end...

A card?
He thinks a framed photo of himself is the best gift.
He should have been with her on her birthday! Not boasting and talking crap on fo  and friends? Where's his loyalty lie? A fake news channel, or the first lady? Sorry Melaina you came second!!
Sympathy?
his greatest gift to her would be disappearing for a week.
What a guy.
But he gave gifts to the SDNY and @MichaelAvenatti   Happy Birthday to us!!
The 3 of clubs?
What did Putin get for Melania?
Sport.
And the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake you ever saw
Honestly now, what could he give her that would make him feel better?
He called in on his wife's birthday to scream about his mistress suing him?
The best card, with the best words.  Beautiful words.
And? Why are you posting this?
Keeping classy as always #POTUS
He admitted that Cohen was handling the “Crazy Stormy Thing.” That’s a great ps line for the card!
The perfect day to make her escape.
I’m sure he’s lying about that as well as everything else.
Cheap to add to criminal racist and so many more we can’t mention!
He's a pig of a man.
I'm sure what she wants is his term to be over.
That’s seems like a riddle or joke. What does a fake billionaire get his wife on her birthday? Not much, maybe a card
So he celebrates his wifes bday by calling fox an friends an bragging about himself,sounds about right
Run Melania, run!!  
That someone else picked out probably.
“I’m so rich and generous that my 3rd wife got a $5 hallmark”
Marrying for money instead of Love has its drawbacks.
“They had these beautiful, soft cards. Very good cards. And Melania was screaming and she was loving everything. I was having fun, she was having fun." She said, "Throw it to me! Throw it to me Mr. President!”

Nothing wrong with that Birthdays are BS anyway ! Do people need to conform to traditions that tell them when to give. It is not good parenting! Neither is Christmas, Easter, et al. The traditions are corrupted by the merchants and an environmental disaster! #BanCheapPlasticCrap
Flotus is willing to hold out for what she really wants. #PatienceIsAVirtue
Yeah. He is the poster child for great husband. #WorstPresidentEver #reallybadhusband
A card ? Who read it to him ?
Dotard!
Melania is hoping to hire Michael Avenatti, when he’s not so busy, to void her prenup.
I bet he ordered her something beautiful from Amazon...
Maybe earplugs to drown out the sound of his affairs and one nighters
Maybe some Stormy Daniels videos...
he gave her a public admission that he had some type of relationship with Stormy that required an NDA
With her passport inside?
A card with cash. Not so hard, people!
A card, that he had someone run down to the closest convenience store to buy and mark of happy easter and write in burthday. But it's beautiful.
Give him credit for remembering her name and birthday.
I'd bet my bottom dollar he didn't even get her a card.
A card? One which he didn't even shop for himself. Who would admit this?
He got her plenty - he got her involved in a world of sh*t that no spouse can ever live down. The duck virus - like a deadly killer strain of mutated bird flu - will follow her like a dark nefarious cloud hovering over, around & through her for the rest of her natural born days
Omg.
Green card?
Demand expensive jewelry, Melania. You can take that with you.
She’s probably watching @CNN in her room.
She's being punished for not holding his tiny hand
I'm not a reporter but it seems headline is he "won't be involved" in the special counsel investigation into Russian election meddling. But yours is good too if you are righting for a High School paper.
A black @AmericanExpress card maybe
A trump card, no doubt.  Much appreciated?
Wow
Such an ass.
and that is a problem??? do you think that gifts are necessary to prove you love someone, is that the only way you can wish someone a happy birthday or anniversary or whatever occasion is to buy them something? come on Peter stop with the put down liberal attitude!
Wow... So humiliating.
He probably signed it “Donald Trump.”
If Melania's smart, she'll give herself the best b'day present she's ever received - a DIVORCE from Donald Dotard!!
He probably gave her an STD
NO beautiful chocolate cake!?

What do you get the woman who has everything including a loving rich husband!
Birthday card note to Melania - I didn’t sleep with Stormy, I just gave her $130,000.  Happy Bday, your orange boy with little fingers.
Not even a beautiful chocolate cake?
I can’t wait for Melania‘s tell all book.  Remember all she has to do is outlive him.
Unless the card had signed divorce papers, she didn't get what she wanted.
You have an inept President.
Wonder if he sprung for the extra buck for a musical one? 
He also admitted that he had an affair with Stormy Daniels by saying Michael Cohen has only represented him in this Stormy thing. On his wife's birthday he did this.
Maybe he could order her something from Amazon?
She just wants out and to nullify the pre-nup. That would be the best present ever!!
Melania got the perfect birthday gift; Trump admitting he banged a porn star and having a lawyer pay her off. I don't care what her prenup says, that's gonna be the alimony case right there considering infidelity breaks those contracts in many states.
"Kelly Anne, go buy a birthday card, make sure it's beautiful.  hurry!"
He's such a dick. Good Lord.
That card better have some money in it & NOT a 5$ Grandma check !
The spouse he’s openly cheated on. Why would he think of her on of all days her birthday?
He called Fox and Freinds to talk about Stormy Daniels on Melania’s birthday and got her a card to smooth it over.
That’s a disgusting answer mr. Prz
That's okay, her bday present to herself was this past Saturday when she got to sit next to and laugh with a REAL man!
Class act right there
#Trump’s time is up with Melania!!!!
So for his wife’s birthday he calls some of HIS fans?
He didn't get her a card, unless he thinks a card is the paper he wrapped some cash in, and I doubt that he's even that thoughtful.
Maybe
He is so obsessed with Twitter and covering up his affairs, that he probably didn't know it was her birthday!.
Hahahaha
Yeah . . . . !
Promised not to try and hold her hand all day.
What a putz.
Yeah. A “Get out of this miserable marriage and restore my freedom” card. Best. Gift. Ever.
@nbcsnl @LateNightSeth @StephenAtHome @jimmykimmel can’t write their monologues fast enough...
Also I mean maybe she doesn’t give a crap:
Should've bought her some sani-wipes for every time he forces her to hold his nasty, fat, orange hand!
@bridgetLgill
He needs to get her a ticket to paradise for all the humiliation he has brought upon her.  #CrazyStormyDanielsCase 
I seriously think Trump should be the poster child for Jerky Man Boy. Someone do this poster okay?
And he wonders why she won’t hold his hand. 
We know the card he gave her...
WOW!!!

Happy Birthday @FLOTUS
Hilarious 
What does calling Fox have to do with her birthday? He's such a treasure...he got her a card!
hmm maybe something from the 
yeezy collection 
@FLOTUS .. Melania, you in danger girl  #GetOut
I’m sure he didn’t even get it himself
The best card. Some people say it’s the most beautiful card they’ve ever seen
Oh I thought he got her a porn star and a pee pee tape 
The best present would be if he spent the whole day not trying to worm his tiny digits into her flesh.
@realDonaldTrump gave her the present that a broke person would give. Odd....
Cheap a month away from him would have been an excellent gift
Well darn, she was hoping for a divorce.
He seems to have a lot of time every weekend to golf!
He got her off the hook on the prenup thanks to Stormy.
I need to tell my husband how special he is (again). He does about 3 or 4 things for my birthday every year for the last 24 years.
And then proceeded to admit to staying in Moscow, which he had denied earlier and paying to silence a porn star about a prolonged affair? Did he say he was sorry?
Let's be clear...he didn't even get her a "beautiful card."
Trust me, she doesn't care.  She's already moved on herself, in more ways than one.
Dump.  The gift that keeps on giving.
#Resign it's the best gift ever in the history of marriage.
