By 2020, China plans to give all its 1.4. billion citizens a personal score, based on how they behave. Some with low scores are already being punished if they want to travel. Nearly 11 million Chinese can no longer fly and 4 million are barred from trains 
Exactly!!!
And I’m worried about my FICO score! Sheesh!
Imagine if the fake press/media were scored? They’d never fly again
How long before Trump praises this idea?
What's more messed up is china has ppl on campus keeping tabs on chinese students studying in America
Wow. I can see DJT going for this idea in a big way except it'll be Dems and media folk on his No Fly List. Yikes!
If we had a normal leader, of average intelligence, they might be tempted to punish China, in some way, for their heinous punishments to their people! They're, essentially, holding their citizens prisoners in their own country!
Dear China, we’d very much appreciate it if you would please stop giving our idiotic president more good ideas. @realDonaldTrump can generate enough hateful crap on his own. And if not that’s what he has his cabinet for.
Sincerely, America
Careful, Katy. You’re going to get a low score with this kind of Tweet.
The creepiest episode.
OMG, I freaked out when I watched that episode, because it seemed like it could become reality - - and now it has.
Great reference. Scary, though.
Orwellian
Will they be forced to wear red patches on their sleeves with a decreasing number of yellow stars to indicate their reduced status to their fellow citizens? Or a red patch with a numerical golden score?
What?!!!!!!!
Make sure trump doesn’t discover this strategy Katy!!
Wtf?!? Can they do that?!
This was also an episode of @TheOrville which is a show people should be watching if they haven't already.
Your credit score is already used to judge you in getting a job, because a low score demonstrates irresponsibility.
So Democrat-like.
It will make it easier for guys to find all the « 10 »s
Tom Nichols would support this.
THEY NEED TO STOP GIVING TRUMP IDEAS!
Yup it’s kinda scary. #BlackMirror
Wow
man, what a world we live in.
Credit scores, background checks, home loan applications, etc. already do this here.
We have a scandalous pig as potus, a reversal of roles to S1E1, just not on live TV, ..., yet.


@twitter's doing this may 25th
Facebook must be behind this. Sell that info to Cambridge Analtyica
this is absolutely going to be used to fuck over uyghurs and tibetans in china
Yikes!
Exactly what I thought.
Holy cow. What is wrong with humanity?!?
We have background checks and credit scores. Remember when your teacher would threaten you with your “permanent record?” In China, it’s going to be real!
If this was done in Oklahoma 10 people would be allowed to fly and no one would be allowed to ride on a train

I hope donald doesn't see this.

There are some people on my flight that need this treatment.
I always flunk these kinds of tests.
i don't want 2 pay 4 the wash post.
You Need a Logo design please order me
my fiverr account link:-  https://goo.gl/S9Gnh4 
my personal logo design website
And so I just “liked” your tweet. You’re welcome.
So I’m guessing intellectual-property theft will result in a lower score??
The entire point of all of this is “obedience”! To someone else’s standard-everyone wake up!

This is so fucked up
So a low SAT Score will not just send you to your safety school, it will send you to REEDUCATION.
Exactly. And how about that robot dog video a while back, also mirroring that other creepy Black Mirror episode?
That's messed up.
Remember a time when we used to see stuff like this and think “thank goodness that can’t happen here!”?  

Yeah, that’s over.
The world should have done MUCH more to curb China's human rights abuses long before they became the superpower they have turned into.
YES!  good analogy, a very Black Mirror thing to do.
It's like the US no-fly list, only giant-sized.
meh - by 2020 decentralized tech will have freed most people controlled by nation state governments

Yikes!
