This story is really scary and its why people should be very concerned about the future of information. 

Sinclair Broadcasting's Hostile Takeover https://rol.st/2vMUFp8  via @RollingStone
I do know that my local station .@KATUNews is a Sinclair station and I currently boycott their sponsors. Sorry .@stva1947 but my kitchen appliance replacement this summer will be BASCO
I know!
Why would anyone not in the business know such things?  I suspect 99% of the people don't even know how their TV works, but I don't consider that to be horribly neglectful of them.
most Americans are freaked out by the liberal owned media outlets
WCAU, NBC out of Philly is one. I saw  one of their anchors in the video that was put together.
Some may have been confused by your question. There was a Sinclair Oil company had gas stations on every corner. 
Fox is  also trying to buy up stations
I don't know, either. I live in Connecticut, and, to the best of my knowledge, there are no Sinclair-owned stations in my area, but I don't know for *sure.*
it is the oldest generation that this development pertains too, the rest of America has cut the cord, yet @POTUS always brings up ratings that do not reflect any truth, we could probably put polls in the same category, wrong but still used as leverage
They are here in Jackson, TN. I make sure people know about it. I will not watch it.
Sinclair owns 2 in Pittsburgh but neither have a newscast. I wonder how many other stations where this is the case. Not saying it makes it right, but maybe it's not as bad as it seems.
Who cares? What happened to your support of the 1st amendment and free speech?
I wonder whether Ariel and HuffPo think MSNBC and other NBC affliiates should've disclosed that Comcast is their parent company when they ran glowing pieces about it last week. Or journalism ethics only matter when conservative leaning orgs violate them.
KTVL  10, Medford , Oregon
Could that be because not as many people watch broadcast TV these days? My family streams nearly everything, except the Olympics and maybe a couple football games if my college team goes far. ;) I can name two non-PBS stations in my state, and have no idea who owns them.
you guys are obsessed.
I quit watching komo in Seattle when Sinclair bought them
