"We're running out of time" Doocey says to Trump. On what planet would a TV host end a freewheeling interview with a president?
+2 internets for the ST ref
Even more stunningly...a FOX NEWS anchor!! I thought his “refreshing candor” and “shooting from the hip” aka unhinged lunacy were what they loved about him!
Because unlike @POTUS they recognized he was incriminating himself even more
When State TV realizes Trump’s bonkers are showing. Even they must have realized he was burying himself in real time.
When the President is just another TV host
at least our @meninblue and law enforcement are getting support!  Nothing upside down about that
The shocked Fox cast tried desperately to stop the flow of logorrhea coming from DJT. Their hero was incriminating himself live on TV.

Wait, so Doocey is really president? #sarcasm
The planet of MORONOVIA
It was basically a producer screaming in their earpiece, "shut him the hell up!" Trump TV at it's finest!
Hey Katy, I have to take exception with you saying Cosby going to jail for 30 yrs is a death sentence, Dr. Jackson said he could live to 200 ye..oh wait that’s the other sexual assaulter in the WH, ok never mind, carry on 

They wanted him off the air because even they knew he was acting crazy.
I want some waffles.
Stranger Danger!!!    You mean there is a strong female with a buzz cut out there and she is our only hope to defeat the terrible monster? Is it ELEVEN or @Emma4Change? Either way I support them with Eggos and pudding. #StrangerThings #StormyDaniels
Bizarre.

Thank you. The tweet said TV Host and not journalist. You are journalist who hosts a news show.  I don’t mean to be unkind but that man is not a journalist and he should be referred to as an enabler, not a host!
Feels more like a Twilight Zone or Stephen King short story, but yeah.
They knew he was extra cuckoo this morning
Demogorgon=@POTUS

On this one unfortunately
The real world where Murdoch saying get him off before he commits suicide on air counts for more than Trump does . Murdoch has invested too much in Trump to let him continue making a fool of himself on Fox.
#Impeach45
#JailToTheCheif
#TRE45ON
#resignnow
They couldn't get out of it fast enough once Trump started ranting about the $750,000.00
With the Monster, to boot....
Rupert pulled the plug. That’s how bad it’s getting
The chuckleheads in the control room. Laugh their asses off.
We will never get out of the maze
Ivanka is never around when she should be. Where the hell is she anyway??? It's like she AND Jared have gone down into the WH bunker or something!!! 
I couldn't agree more. I feel dislocated.
"We're running out of time"
                 =
"You've said too much"
I think he meant to say, “ You’re out of time.”
When you are talking to a senile president, @KatyTurNBC
Very serious question: How does this end?
DEFINITELY, the, "Upside Down"!!!
Trump was hanging himself
When the President has finished his on air meltdown.

The upside down is WAY less scary.
An interview @KatyTurNBC will never get.  We see your eye rolls.
When Doocey knew Trump had cooked his own goose.
Dogs and cats sleeping together we're talking biblical s*** here
Dan Rather would be like "We are foregoing any commercials for the next while in order that ....".
When there are time constraints, and when the so-called "president" isn't.
I have a girl crush on @KatyTurNBC
Stephanie Ruhle: "What did they have to get to next, a My Pillow commercial?" 
At what point does the upside down become so normal it turns into the upside right?
Fox News is where the swamp dwellers play.
#StrangerThings
More like they were actually trying to protect him from himself:
Thank you @foxandfriends for having Mr. Trump on this morning to discuss Michael Cohen and our case. Very informative.
Well it depends on who is really running things, Fox and Friends or 45. Doesn’t it?
Don’t be jealous
Hahaha!  No one wants to listen to trumps lying rants!
and the sunken place
When the show the President is on really runs our government
You missed a real chance here, Tur! “Twenty years later...I’m still upside down.” Figure you can work it in with the Stranger Things reference, too.
I suddenly feel like eggos
He is clearly off his rocker.
Especially one as goofy as that dude !
We have been for some time now.
When a state run TV station has to end an interview with their guy because he can’t help but implicate himself, not once but 3 times!
Can you imagine what the producer was screaming into his ear piece? Holy cow!
I think we are all growing so weary & tired of simply hearing his voice & seeing his face.#TreasonousTrump
Ok. Gotta love the reference to @Stranger_Things
Well I guess I know what I’m searching for when I get home from work! 
Guurrrl, I'm pretty sure it's the Upside Down, the Sunken Place, and Oz (the black and white part) all rolled into one.
Stranger Things reference?
“The sunken place”
And, Trump is the Demogorgon. #Kakistocracy
Yep, another words salad rant for the alleged leader of the "free world"....the pressure is on & is increasing.
Nah we're living in a world where the TV host is more interested in promoting an agenda to the faithful and realized that this was even to crazy for the lemmings
Very, very astute Stranger Things reference!
You need to apologize to Chelsea.
Rudy called @FoxNews & screamed to get @realDonaldTrump off the air before he talked himself in Leavenworth.

Trying to stop the baboon from putting his own foot deeper in his mouth
Nuts
Felt like he was about to incriminate himself?
When all media outlets are watching Fox and Friends.
Fox and Doocey are the puppet masters, Trump a mere puppet, occasionally emboldened but quickly reined back in by the required daily 10 hours of Fox viewing. #ImpeachTrump #TheInmatesAreRunningTheAsylum  @AmberRhea5

Kelly called Fox and told them to get MrTrump off the air. Asap.
When the President is going off the rails, doing damage to his story and to the narrative that those same interviewers have been pushing. @Morning_Joe gave #MichaelMoore and @SenSanders nearly an hour, w/o commercial break in pursuit of the story, not the narrative.
Listening to Trumps phone call to Fox this morning - he sounds absolutely desperate. Me thinks he protests too much.
When he starts giving away the plot of the next season.
@CahnEmily Was Doocey interrupted before he could finish the sentence with "... on your presidency"?
He might have been talking broadly about humanity and just sort of let it slip out...
Living in the bubble... Katy

Dana Loesch was waiting!
You're heavily involved in the upside down, Tur !
A host (not journalist) who is try to do damage control for an unhinged but very stable genius.
OMG! When you put it that way. This is not normal.
Fox and friends are from here on to be known only as “The supreme commanders”:
1) Because FOX 'News" is a product, not journalism. 
2) Because even they know that Trump is off the rails with his repetitive and contradictory rants.
That's why they will tell the President of the United States that they are "out of time."
That’s what hosts say to boring guests on normal talk shows. I’m sure it’s heresy on Fox, which is anything but normal.
A planet on which even Fix News gets tired to little lying donnie j and his word salad???
Acey Doocey
The hook came out to get him before he got in deeper.
Upside down and inside out.
in a world where John Kelly calls Murdoch and says "get him off the air!"
Running out of time in so many ways. Especially when a newswoman, you, call Chelsea Clinton a liar.
Katy, seeing you during/after covering his campaign you always had this look of a sort of resigned cognizance of what others regarded as so unbelievable. Did you ever think it would get this bad??
Actually, Doocey’s statement was apocryphal: we *are* running out of time - for this Presidency.
Yes!
A planet on which Fox News is not the media outlet of the President but rather the President is the political arm of Fox News.
Well, "The World Turned Upside Down" WAS the song the British played when Cornwallis surrendered at Yorktown...

There is your British Culture lesson for the day
Please string X-mas lights up around your desk before your show today.  Maybe we can get to the bottom of this....
Cutting off @realDonaldTrump #DavidDennison in order to stop him from making more incrimination statements 
Hacks. Hacks would wrap it up.
Someone was trying to protect Trump from Trump
Someone in the control booth screaming “Cut! Cut !!”
If you watched the 3 Fox and Friends hosts, their body language was clearly beyond “uncomfortable”...
When the Fox News producers understood he was hurting himself
And Trump is definitely the Demi-Gorgon.
They were trying to protect Trump before he basically told everyone where the bodies are hidden.
They don’t want him to incriminate himself on their air.
And Fox and Friends is hosted by gorgons.
Even the purportedly non-commercial NPR often cuts off important interviews as they abide by an apparently inflexible commercial schedule of self-promotion & lengthy commercial descriptions of their "donors" (aka advertisers).
We sure are, Katy! Any time a reporter says that trump is presidential with a capital "P" and then accuses the daughter of a former POTUS and SoS of lying for no other reason than it would bring her own work into question, you know things are upside down. Amirite?
On a planet where a ‘news’ network protects an incompetent president.
Wild.
POTUS keep talking. Show the world that you are what you are.
They were trying to prevent him from making further damaging admissions.
A world where Trump incriminates himself on a regular basis.
Trump world is becoming more and more of a circus every day.
Where is Eleven when you need her?
When Donnie rants and raves, his mouth gets him into too much trouble. Bummer that they cut it.
How do I get back to Earth One?
Because they knew he was going off the rails & most likely going to say things he shouldn’t!!!!
Once they realized prosecutors were also watching 
He ended it because even a fool lackey like @SteveDoocy knows better than Spanky that he's killing no self legally!
Gotta cut to those Cialis commercials
Someone at NBC or CNN needs to call him and tell him that if he wants to keep talking, they'd be happy to have him on for however long he wants.
“We’re heading into dark times. This is how to be your own light in the Age of Trump,” by Sarah Kendzior, The Correspondent; November 18, 2016
You still should apologize to @ChelseaClinton . And I hate saying that because I've been a big fan, but that was uncalled for.
There's Barb!
Remember when you didn’t apologize to @ChelseaClinton ?

Ahahaha!!! Love it!

We’re living in a world where the producers realize they need to protect him by shutting him off b4 he says something incriminating
Fox went into survival mode.
@CahnEmily Full on rant by @realDonaldTrump unbelievable 
He may have actually damaged himself there with even some MAGAs
I hope so but I don't think anything sways a MAGA. Nothing. (love the faces!)
Haha! Perfect! Yes. It feels like it.
Why. Oh why. It was getting so good! I predict, if it continued, the feds would have him in handcuffs this morning. 
Most apt assessment I've read this morning
For someone who wrote "Unbelievable", your a little slow to the party.
What pressured speech - I guess old Doc Jackson got him a supply of Provigil prior to withdrawing
One who believes he's the more important person.
Was it the same producer who shut down your interview with Sam Nunberg?
Fox needs to quickly cut to a catheter commercial, this quarter may be profitable, after all.
For us old timers it’s referred to as Bizarro World.
I would have cut him off too! He is seriously off the rails!
That and Melanias birthday were the two most astonishing things that aren’t so crazy that my mind can comfortably understand. Trump is just cray cray
On planet "cut the feed before he gets himself indicted"
on a planet where a president is best known for saying incredibly uninformed things.
Can we get 11 to stop the demitrump and close the gate? Now please?
Maybe he meant, we - the WORLD - are running out of time.
I would expect that CNN & MSNBC will ban Trump from their airwaves after this Full Bullshit phone call from Trump.
Need to squeeze in another “we buy gold” spot.
#TruthWillOut

End that interview only AFTER he just admitted to unbelievable things, especially about Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels!
I caught that Katie.
I think the host's comment is more prescient than the host realized.
Perfect!
Doocey knows he's the boss...
Word salad anyone?
Very tangential, pressured speech, grandiose, bordering on delusional.
Listening to a total meltdown.
Fox clearly protecting trump from himself
Upside down and inside out. Could it possibly get any weirder?

The #RonnnyJackson debacle reflects on @realDonaldTrump’s shortcomings, moreso than a flawed doctor who served honorably.

If you’re a #MAGA and cannot see how the “prez” threw the V.A. under…
