Rebel Media backing him.
Of course the Nazis love him.
and let's hope the voters here aren't fooled by Ford's 'populist' BS.. He's a windbag that speaks loudly & says very little..  #onpoli
Kind of Like a Bagpipe in the Hands of a novice.
actually, you may have settled on an activity he could be good at...
Gah.  Make it stop.  Glad he's someone else's problem.  Sorry,  Canada
You forgot 'less talented, less interesting' brother.
that crack ain't gonna smoke itself
Rob Ford made Toronto the laughing stock His brother the Northern Trump is DUMBER AND AS BIGOTED
In all our turmoil, I'd forgotten Rob Ford. And crap! He has a brother!! As if Toronto didn't have enough grief.
So did Rob, just not on politics.
Canadians be warned!
We know. The whole family has always been political, and they’re awful.
Also looks to be 6' 3" and 239 lbs. as well...
Pray for us Katy
We don’t need him in office.
That he does
Bully and thuggish
Wrong. But thanks for your uninformed bias. #onpoli
Totally correct. Hopefully, we’ve learned something from the US elections, and we will reject this vile, loudmouth, empty demagogue. No agenda, no real ideology....just empty rhetoric, to “fire up” the mass of ignorants blindly following him. Against their own interests.
Have they drug tested him?
I remember the fun we americans had watching the political garbage fire that was Rob Ford. Our sins have come back on us tenfold. Canada, we're sorry.
Remember when someone like him was a really crazy leader?  He’s been beat by 100 miles...
Well, Trump hasn't been caught on video smoking crack. So we have that going for us.
True... and didn’t Ford start a fight during a meeting... actual wrestling type fight?
Are you referring to this?
I thought this moment was a bit awesome... turned out a really sad story in the end for him though...
Rob Ford was the Gerald Ford of Chris Farleys
I’d never seen this one... he just never could get things together...
As with Trumpler supporters, Ford's base doesn't seem to realize how detrimental his policies are to their well being.
DF plans to kill an upcoming minimum wage price increase. Instead, he's touting a tax credit which is only half as beneficial to struggling Ontarians.
Sadly, there are no good choices in this years Ontario Provincial election.
The Wynne Liberals are corrupt.
The Ford Conservatives are mean & insincere.
The NDP has weak leadership.

I suspect, the polls will tighten & we'll be left with some sort of minority or coalition gov't.
Yeah, and we're in big trouble!
Can’t we just exterminate these vermin?
Running against a L gov't who have been in office for 15 years and racked up some issues, led by an unpopular female leader. 
All he had to do was win his party's nomination when the previous C leader was felled by scandal. Faced minimal opposition. Avoids the press at all costs.
I know Harper funneled public tax $ to gop. I am wondering how much the favor was returned.
Jesus no.
Ick

Hope our Canadian neighbors are more intelligent than we were!!
I guess there's one in every country. #FacePalm
And he will, no doubt, win the election. Why the flock not?
Up is down, left is right and insanity is the new norm?
Looks like they have the same crappy tailor, as well.
He's a disgusting example of a person we don't want in government.
If you haven’t seen them, google the pictures of Damian Lewis dressed as Rob Ford. Trust me, it’s worth it. P.S.: I won’t lie - I’m worried. The current Premier is despised. #horrorshow
So... Alan Freeman is a Canadian contributor to the Washington Post. Not an American opinion, but a Canadian who does not want Ford to win the election. A clear fear tactic style article..
I have a fear of ignorance and stupidity so I’m giving Ford and has supporters a wide berth.
tip of the iceberg
Oh no...
It’s so awful
God bless Canada!
Ugh!!!!
LOL oh you mean Drug ford...
But Canadians aren't crazy.
He also looks like him.
Oh no
He should, he stole the playbook.
Not Canada!
Gag
As an Ontario Canadian, I tell you that most of us don't like him either --- but he seems to be liked by people similar to Trump's 'base'.
He looks a lot like Ford.  PS: How’s the Barrier Reef ?
Is he snorting yet?
Mercy me!
White slave owner mentality.
God help us
God help us
NO
Does that mean media like you is going to broadcast his every word and ignore the policy positions of his opponent while breathlessly reporting on fabricated "scandals".
What about water in Flint?
Oh good lawd, say it isn't so Katy!!!
You noticed!
Urrrgggggghhhhh...anyone but Ford. This is the dumbing down of our most populated province! I'm so, so sorry. It's shameful.  
Please don’t give him airtime. As a Canadian I’m ashamed this idiot is getting any traction.
Russia is coming for Canada

Coke party for kellyanne
No Toronto!  Save yourselves from the horror.
Just when I was thinking about moving to Canada to get away from our stable genius
You mean ignorant and racist?
#unbelievable-north 
His brother did too.
It’s spreading like the Black Plague
Uch
Bloated @fordnation and his frosted tips can fall down the stairs. #TOpoli
For the Love of God, please not in my country
Looks like him too.
I love you Katy....Keep up the Great Work!!!
Looks like him, too.
Same body build.
Kind of tiny hands too.
Ontario will once again be the laughing stock of the World if he succeeds...
Oh boy.. he is a drunk too?
Maybe Canada will get lucky and this one will die, too.
I see he is morbidly obese like his brother. Does he have the same taste for crack cockamamie? Asking for a friend.
You are pathetic
Good
At last, someone else who can run over slow moving politicians in the aisle.
WINNING 
@BarbCaplan
The outcome of the election, which is June 7, boils down to which leader—not which party—can win the confidence of the voters, according to @globalnews #OnPoli
It’s an infamy thing.
Sure, but did he bring enough blow for everyone?
Katy Tur is retweeting garbage again — and she sounds a lot like zzzzzzzz
Omg, the public loves this creep. I don’t get all the hatred and divisions being spread in today’s politics. Things will get worse before they get better I fear.


Ford is equally odious and appears to be gathering the same alt-right, bigoted and monied interests as 45*. Those of us in Canada who think the nonsense (aka danger to our democracy) can’t happen here, are deluded. 
Every culture has its assholes.
He’s also a greedy nepotistic sexist racist Islamophobic fake-Christian dictator-praising philandering accused rapist? What are the odds?
I thought Paul LePage was that guy. You sure it's not another Trump living in Canada...
Space Truckin is probably responsible for most of my adult behavior
Sigh.....
Just what the neighbor needs. A narrow minded naive contractor.
Norms being broken on a daily basis.
