Shit, Rudy! Do something about the Crazy Eyes!
So am I ,those people are all so full of them self,
Giuliani has another thing coming to him if he thinks he can "divorce" SC Mueller in the despicable manner he divorce Donna Hanover.
He is a washed up lawyer, way past his prime time. He is a slimy cheat.
Andrew Napolitano is not a journalist. He's an ex-TV judge. #FauxNews #FauxJournalist
Oops. Real news
He served as a New Jersey Superior Court judge from 1987 to 1995
That's real news, in addition to the other real news about his TV stint. It still doesn't make him a journalist, and it doesn't make any other facts fake. 
#Next
#journalismisdead

Here are 4 of the victims of the Waffle House shooting who died. This was clearly a hate crime and a calculated act of racial domestic terrorism. And law enforcement & the media is going out of their way to ignore this fact…
You’re not special

I hear them chirping...dont you ? Chirp , chirps
I can see why you were Hillary's pet you are more up her alley anyway!
The old musket is just as Delusional as his client is...Just another old white guy.
Amused is just another word for "cute".
Bye Bye lines?
When The Times or WaPost run stories quoting anonymous sources it’s “fake news “ but when Fox does it, well, that’s legit.
Is it O.K. if I chuckle if Mueller indicts Rudy in next 2 weeks instead? I don't want to be rude.
Good one! Then he can bring in Chris Christie.
The best and brightest attorneys are beating down Trump's door to represent him.
Unimaginable a  President of the United States being so corrupt he can't even get good criminal lawyers. This 1 needs 50 lawyers working continuously. He had 147 suits against him by 04/2017.
The article should begin with boilerplate disclosers.
“If Rudy comes to Mueller trying to negotiate anything short of a  presidential guilty plea, he will likely be met by deaf ears,” said a  lawyer who follows the case from Washington.
Such a joke.
Giuliani will find he has no clout with Mueller and even less than that in DC.  That town will eat him alive.  I give him 6 months or less with trump
Judge Jeanine wasn't available?
He'll be providing marital advice too.
I dont believe this story because #MuellerInvestigation doesn’t leak. Also @FoxNews , also @Judgenap wrote it. 
What's the chance he signed on w/ Trump so he can claim some sort of bogus atty-client privilege if Mueller interviews Rudy in the future?
He's a clown in the biggest joke ever.
Lol I think it's funny too
  ““He hasn’t seen a courtroom in 30 years, except for his divorces and a stint as juror,” one white-collar attorney said.”
In his crazy dreams 
You "Negotiate a "SETTLEMENT" in a civil case. You Negotiate a "PLEA DEAL" in acriminal case. Maybe the settlement should be I will resign and you drop all charges?
LOL that Judge Nap is busy!
He also said there wasn’t a 911 until Obama came in office.
Come on. We all laughed.
Good catch Maggie
Giuliani only took the gig so he could claim attorney-client privilege. He knows it's just a matter of time before he and his NYC FBI leaker buddies are called to testify.
My fav:
“If Rudy comes to Mueller trying to negotiate anything short of a presidential guilty plea, he will likely be met by deaf ears,”...
Where are you Ashley? FIND ME.
Even more amusing will be when Rudy is charged with violating the Hatch Act.
Lol the Mueller team is planning on slowly dragging this out for the next 12 years
Mueller will end his probe when he's actually done.  Not when an interested party's lawyer wants him to.
We all are
Hahahahhahaha

“Amused.”

Rudy is just a faded star looking for any place to reignite his ‘name.’ A has been who doesn’t know he is.
So, expect more indictments soon. Fun!
Giuliani hasn't aged well.



Omfg
What messy bitches
Oh to be a fly on the wall if that office. Interesting article from Fox business news, not the type of reporting that would make Trump happy.
He's going to waive his magic wand and solve the nation's problems! The poor man is so deluded!
“If Rudy comes to Mueller trying to negotiate anything short of a presidential guilty plea, he will likely be met by deaf ears,” said a lawyer who follows the case from Washington
How you respond to this @maggieNYT ?
Throw Rudy a bone he can chew on with those dentures.
Judge request scope of Mueller authority
Would love to know what significance there is in the “bylines”. Napolitano and Gasparino both Fox people. Really do hate riddles from crack journalists.
The only thing I believe with Fox in front of it is Fox Sports
Read all the bylines about you on the Q forums.
Those guys are definitely credible. I didn’t see anything attributed to someone in Mueller’s office.
He is soooooo....... compromised!
A joke indeed
@realDonaldTrump SAID WHAT ABOUT YOUR SOURCES ?? 
Skeletor. 
AMERICA IS LOL !
OOH HOW I WANT to be a fly on the wall when Giuliani meets Mueller.
Giuliani has a big mouth just like @realDonaldTrump  is amused by Trumps legal team attempts to try an derail the investigation into Russian collusion Trump was pretty sure he had nothing to worry about Then SDNY changed all that now his corruption has been exposed #KYAGB
Giuliani is a clown with dementia. 
Is a pathetic sight. SAD


Awesome, along with the “sourcing”.
But perhaps the most credible and entertaining of the unnamed source quotes re rusty Rudy:
“He hasn’t seen a courtroom in 30 years, except for his divorces and a stint as juror,” one white-collar attorney said.

..."amused..." perfect wording
is somebody found guilty then? For what????
If he had a beard he would remind m of a wild eyed Rasputin.
We are all amused. This part of the sh*# show is gonna be good 
Got a chuckle of out of it myself when I first heard and said Mueller must be howling.




Trump: "Can no one rid me of this troublesome priest?"
Rudy:    "Here am I, send me."
Trump:  "Well, if that's the best we can do, we'll have to see what happens."




Giuliani firmly planted in an alternate reality.
As ever @maggieNYT brings a smile to my face.

No way they talked to Mueller's team about this
I love that fox Business news chose a picture of Giuliani looking goofy.
Mueller's gonna drop the hatchet real soon and Guiliani is OBVIOUSLY trying to get ahead of that curve and make it look like HE'S the one doing the swinging.  #spinitbaby
Giuliani is a dinosaur. He'll be remembered as a ridiculous has-been. Too bad.
I’m learning all the synonyms for anger by reading reports of Trump’s reaction to many, many things. #HighchairTyrant
“Direct knowledge of the matter” is Mueller? Sorry but the public is not educated on attribution
I assume Mueller has to finish pretty soon? The 2018 elections are approaching and we have to make sure they are safe — that is the only reason Mueller was hired.
As quiet as the Mueller team has been on things, that has to be a morning topic at breakfast. “Hey boss, can we leak how amused we are at Giuliani?”
Team Mueller is not amused at anything.  They are quietly working hard on behalf of America.
Giuliani is a person of interest...
Let me guess ... "unknown sources" ... ZERO CREDIBILITY ... end of story.
Not to mention the “according to people with direct knowledge of the situation.” The next time @realDonaldTrump implies unnamed sources are *not* to be trusted should well remember this one.
@maggieNYT  Can the government hold back a few charges against Michael Cohn till after the election to make sure he can not be pardoned?
Hello dear
Guiliani might find himself under investigation!
Subtle, very subtle.
#FairAndBalanced or #PhonyAndBiased? You decide.
I didn't even know they could write!
The laughter is down to intermittent chuckles from loud guffaws two hours ago.
How about a piece on Mueller's feelings that Comey might just go to jail?
Trump Rudi bromance about to =
No wonder Meuller is amused ,Giuliani is a bit of a legend in his own mind that he’s a knight riding in to rescue Trump.Laugh du Jour .
I see your point.  That’s something!
Why would he make such an audacious statement.
Yes. Nosferatu will end the probe.
You are truly a political hack.  I remember when journalists used to get facts instead of pushing party politics.  Oh how the media has fallen.
Those are what the media want you to believe, at some point hopefully you will think for yourself instead of sharing Jake Tapper's brain.  There isn't much to share anyway.
How are they allowed to run a headline like that which isn’t backed up by facts in the article? They don’t even bother to make up an unnamed source.
Rudy and his buddies are under investigation according to Comey.
We all laughed at that comment. 

Giuliani,a guy who runs into a mistress’s arms while his wife is dying of Cancer hardly deserves any respect ! That he parlayed the tragedy of 9/11 into a cult figure usurping the 100% credit that entirely should go to the NYC ppl was slimy.. He is slimy
Can you remember Rudy’s famous quote “if you want to know more about Hillary’s sickness, read into internet”. The guy is a joke.
Hard to make Mueller laugh.
Why have funds originating from the EU being transferred into trusts for your 3 kids? Criminal behavior? Collusion with HRC and DNC?
Indeed.
Fox tv viewers REALLY gotta start reading Fox newspapers lolol.
Tell us about your life as a "pet".
Also, they Fox News didn’t exactly pick out the most “this guy is a legal genius” photo they had.
better be careful: the Donald (Duck) might be offended.
The mueller team that has integrity, honor, serves wiyh distinction, by the book and never leaks...said to be amused. Lets face it. They are all dirty. Youre just rooting for your side.
This article doesn't read as true, does it? I have no sense that Mueller would allow for comments on the amusement level of the team, nor a quip on what Giuliani would have to bring to the table (a guilty plea from the President? He's not yet facing any charges)
It’s already been a week..he said he’ll get it done in 2 weeks...the pressure is mounting, LOlL

@realDonaldTrump, When Nixon was taken down, he had 30% approval rating. Sound familiar? 

Your conspiracy theories, rants and raves will not…
Beware of the power of Nosferatu...
Who ya gonna calll? GHOSTBUSTERS!!!
Glad that’s it because I do not hit FOX links of any kind.  Ever.
I read it as Rude Rudy signed a Two-week contract from cheap Trump.
Hopefully @realDonaldTrump will read this considering it’s coming from his boys

Pretty bad for Giuliani when even Fox news knows you are a joke.
Amused?  I think not!  Grow up, little girl!

Maybe Giuliani is going to associate David Blaine to make the investigation vanish.
This is the end of #Giuliani’s political career
How could Trump hire the rotten Giuliani? Rudy doesn't love America, hates white people, has no affection for snow monkeys lounging in warm spring water and was born in the east African country of Sununu.
I bet they are.

Rudy will make fools of them. It will be over in a couple of weeks; better ice up a cold one
Heh, heh..the only fool is the man who lives in the WH.  Hopefully, his lease will expire soon.
I’d love to read a movie script co-authored by William Goldman and Mel Brooks about Trump, Guiliani and Cohen. A mix of All the President’s Men and Blazing Saddles with a twist of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Producers and The Princess Bride.
Working title: "Infrastructure Week." (Or possibly "Infrastructure Weak")
Mel Brooks involved? "Infartstruction Week"
Did you receive your talking points from 
Hillary at 4am today like every other day?
As my mom as told me and my brothers growing up, consider the source. It's served me well my entire life...which is why I follow @maggieNYT
Smiling...
I'm sorry what? #Giuliani is as famous and effective a prosecutor as La Guardia or Elliott Ness. 
And Mueller screwed up Whitey Bulger (which shouldve ended his career) and September 11 (shouldve resigned) and war on terror (on which he showed no morals)
Yes because you're objective. Reporter my ass. You're just another political operative who can't stop crying over the election.
Well I used to be disgusted.
Now I try to be amused.
That and the maniacal photo.
Would you expect anything less? It is an opinion piece written by non news people.
Such BS - like @FoxNews has insight into the Mueller staff.
If anything, Mueller has insight on Fox News!
Maybe he's right. He could confirm everything for Mueller and end this investigation in a few weeks.
Right!!?? I laughed at that one. Go get'em Tiger
Maybe what worked for his marriages can work for the investigation. He'll have to cheat on Trump.
He will end the investigation alright by screwing it up prematurely !
He didn't specifically say it will end well , only end !
It is sad that his fall from grace has resulted in a traumatic brain injury and no sense of shame. His day in the sun may be over but joining this administration or legal team is a one way ticket to exile on the dark side of the moon. There is no glory just shame in this pursuit.
Desparate @realDonaldTrump resorts to @RudyGiuliani ,  The Circus has a new act.
Will be even more amusing if Giuliani's swept up in the investigation for being a conduit for FBI leaks to the Trump campaign.
It’s amusing to me that Giuliani is openly communicating his intentions.  What competent lawyer would do this?  It’s all about putting himself in the spotlight again.
LOL. 
Kind of.
If Rudy is negotiating an exit scenario for Trump, Mueller might listen to him, otherwise I doubt he'll get very far.
Yes, the bylines are worth pointing out. Your anonymous sources are bad. Fox anonymous sources are good and the WH gets a byline just to attempt to legitimize it. Too funny, but Trump doesn't know you despite the dozen or so interviews with him and your new accolades.
Trump and Giuliani’s attempt to control the narrative is very different than Mueller’s ability to control the investigation.
The difference is that #mueller *IS IN CONTROL* & #trump & #Giuliani want to control but cant. 2take it a step further,  Mueller is controlling trump by making him run scared w crazy tweets. Deep down, trump knows he's done when Mueller finishes connecting the dots. #trumpdirty
#metoo
.@maggieNYT hope you delve into why Rudy gave that giddy laugh on Fox & Friends suggesting something big was coming October 2016
Giuliani is one of the subjects being investigated since he publicly stated three days in advance of the Wikileaks dump that something big was about to happen.
Yeah what I gather is he had his buddies in the NY FBI field office manipulate the Clinton email investigation on behalf of his piece-of-shit friend donald
Do not underestimate the seductive power of Rudy
Just another crazy old coot hired by the president.
like it or not i foresee the Crime-Fraud Exception being used here (  Emails & Video tapes )
Amusement comes from the luxury of a knowing facts ... as opposed to Rudy’s vantage point
The same Giuliani who was careless enough to reveal that Trump was seeking a FULL muslim travel ban early in his "presidency".
P.S. congrats on your Pulitzer - well deserved!
Rudy was overrated as a prosecutor, overrated as a mayor, and pretty much overrated as a human being.   But sure, go chat with Mueller. I think he may have a few questions about leaks out of the FBI NYC office in 2016.
a lawyer on tv called #rudolphguliani a has-been & he's right: “He hasn’t seen a courtroom in 30 years, except for his divorces and a stint as juror."  another lawyer said this investigation wd be over by christmas & the only over is his job as trump's lawyer.
Fanfic

Poor Maggie's slavishly adoring fans need to be kept in the dark while all their plans to destroy Trump have failed.
Haha Haha okay Haha

And this from the celebrated FOXNEWS , so that’s new.
Whoever did Rudy's brow lift should be arrested.
Perhaps Guiliani will be moved into the Rosenstein position after the prez fires him. Then Guiliani could put an end to Mueller. There’s been no reporting on this possibility, but with the  in charge, there’s no telling what’s up his sleeve.
Curious. Why are the bylines meaningful?
Because they are two NYC chuckleheads.  One is a Trump flunky hack of a former judge who thought he was actually gonna be Trump’s scotus pick.  The other is the biggest clown in all of Financial Reporting.  They are also NYC Italian Goombahs straight from central casting...
Ohhhhh! Thanks Bob. Following.
