What if he flips out first then flips, every consider that?
So funny! Why worry about flipping if there is no crime? Hmmm
Shouldn’t he have said there is nothing too flip on
Why would he, Pres could just pardon him
You are just guessing. NBC. Nothing But Crap
There is loyalty, but going to jail for a long time when u have a wife and young children, I think Cohen's loyalty will go to his family and freedom, there is no pardon for Cohen if convicted in NY  courts. Yah, I'd flip like a fish out of water
Ummm ... if there has been no wrongdoing, on what basis would he flip? It kinda sounds like Trump is admitting there’s something on which to flip? 
Exactly!
People can’t flip to tell the truth unless they were being expected to lie. Hasn’t DT45 just admitted that Cohen might have something to lie about to cover up something?
Cohen has a lot to lose if he doesn't cooperate.
Fear of him flipping or even talk of it means he has the goods to flip about
I don’t think he understands the concept of flipping. He’s admitting his guilt by these kinds of statements. Shouldn’t his lawyer Giuliani explain this to him?
He might be flipping over the prostitutes he made arrangements for via Trumpo
Was does it matter if he flips this is a witchhunt.
A witch hunt? Are you just sore that he hasn't called you yet for his defense team or are you blind?
Do you not get sarcasm
Cohen is the greatest brown Moser in North America
So a tacit admission that Trump has broken the law, only doubt is if Cohen is a rat or not.
He is a rat, just don't know if is a talking rodent.
Barry Bonds trainer stayed in jail for 2 yrs I think Trump is wealthier  than Bonds
If Trump says he won't flip, that means Trump thinks there's something for him to flip about.
Can't be innocent if you're talking about flipping...
Any state crimes?  Let NY handle, he will surely flip!
Commenting on whether his attorney will flip implies there is something significant there to flip over. Does Trump realize what his words mean in that context? Likely not.
But...but...but....
He said he'd take a bullet for him...

I'd take one for you, BTW
I m melting, I 'm melting.
you are more Pathetic every day.

no creditibilty left for the left??
Keribble...
He’s gonna flip like pancakes made of Mexican (irony?) jumping beans
I think if they are state chargers, he serving along time, he will flip, I would trump would dump him fast if there federal chargers hell wait for a pardon.
If innocent, Why Comment or Worry!? Just asking.....
Did he say what COHEN wouldn’t flip about,
So tell us Chump, what is there for Cohen to "flip" over? ( Yes, punn intended)
Well if trump says it he definitely will.
the whole thing is a farce.  the way the warrant was obtained was illegal. thusly any fruits from the forbidden tree would be in admissible.....
why doesn’t Trump say there’s nothing flip about?
Trump keeps saying he’s done nothing wrong. If that’s the case, what could Cohen flip on him for?
Why flip? When there's nothing happening in Trump world.
A pardon will help- along with cutting a deal - his NDA prohibits him from writing a book.
Funny How that is what he’s worried about. He’s not saying that Cohen didn’t do anything. Man I can’t win total dump Trump is out of that house
Maybe if he did; Trump would resign and a deserving candidate would replace him.
maybe he's playing this....
Thinks the semi-literate man who believes he's a respected world leader, and a stable genius. Yes, Cohen will flip as others have. No pardon will protect this tinpot yough guy from state charges. Attica terrifies Cohen more than he "loves" Trump.
Flip on what? Nobody’s done anything illegal right? Right?
He will. He should. Why would he protect DT by going to jail for 35 years?
Flip. Flip. Flip. Period.
Flip? Though trump did nothing? Stupid mistakes will nail trump, bigly
Trump saying he won’t flip is enough, isn’t it?
Isn’t the line supposed to be “No Collusion! Witch Hunt!”?
I still want to see Trump's tax returns
What is there to flip on? Trump says it's just a witch hunt like Mueller. Is Trump scared?
Why would Cohen need to flip, I am sure Trump has done nothing wrong. Hehe
Why is the president worried about a flipper? He’s innocent. So I’m told!
Why should Trump Care?? "NO COLLUSION!" "The Women ALL LIED!" 
His COMPLETE "INNOCENCE" should be illustrated by EVERY WITNESS who speaks.........
So Trump is talking Pardons again today... After treating Cohen for years like trash....
I wouldn't count on steadfast loyalty from a guy whose whole career is based on his willingness to do improper things for others if he can get something out of it.
He won't flip?   Does that mean he won't lie?  Or he won't tell the truth?   Why would he lie and implicate an innocent person?  He would need evidence.  Not just testimony!  That leaves "Flip" as won't tell the truth... of crimes!  More obstruction of justice!  @alexi
We'll see.
Why should Thump be worried about Cohen flipping.  He’s never done anything wrong
Isn't he just admitting Cohen has dirt on him?
That surely seems to indicate Trump knows there are things Cohen could “flip” on then. Illegal things. Immoral things? Prison time things? Huge fine things? Good to know.
My money is on Cohen flipping.
Flip about what, Donny?

Yeah well Donald Trump also asks if he looks like a guy who needs hookers.
Flip on what, pray tell?  I thought there wasn’t anything to worry about...
If you are INNOCENT then why worry about someone “flipping” on you????? DUH
So DJT admits there is something to flip over
There is nothing to flip on so your assertion is totally without Merit or grounds
Sounds like what innocent people say. Very Presidential. Or like a comic book villain.
Mr President keep telling yourself he won’t flip. Give it time he will.
If #Cohen doesn't flip its because #POTUS45 has already  told him he  will pardon him.... come on sports fans, it doesn't take a  rocket scientist to figure that out #StormyDaniels #Imnotacrook
I guess drumpf doesn’t like his pancakes flipped. What else?
If nothing is wrong, what’s to flip?
Trump  is innocent  you can tell !
The correct answer would be “flip? I haven’t done anything wrong” but ok...
not going to flip - nothing to flip about
If I were Cohen, I’d keep on the down low and stay away from Russian friends. He’s going to be the prime target of an “unfortunate accident”
If you’re worried about someone “flipping” doesn’t that mean you’re likely guilty?
We have been so numbed, the absurdity of this statement doesn’t reallly register! We have a President exclaiming a”fixer” of his won’t flip and squeal about crimes he may have been involved in! 
Holy Sh*tballs!
Are you not on vacation?
Consciousness of Guilt
Hey @realDonaldTrump what is it that Michael Cohen won’t “flip” about? Did you do something illegal?
I'm amazed at how they automatically talk about him as flipping. For him to do so, there is something he knows of trump doing illegally. Otherwise, there is nothing to flip over. They are blatantly admitting trump did something illegal.
And why won’t Cohen flip??? Do tell oh great pumpkin..
but then,Trump thinks he is a billionaire.
Innocent people don't worry that their associates may flip. #Cohen
He’s not flipping IMO!
"Don" Trumpolini says Michael is a good boy and won't flip and will obey the code Omerta
If trump didn’t do anything wrong, what exactly can Cohen flip on?
Flipper Face
What no one talks about (and i love it, btw) is the fact, that there is something to flip about, so that means, that @realDonaldTrump is actually guilty of a lot of crimes.
Everybody, even pundits like @foxandfriends etc. aknowledge that.

Amazing from so many angles ...
I still dont understand? Can you explain it to me like im a 6yrold? If trump didnt do anything wrong or illegal why would trump associates be worried that cohen would flip? Flip on what???????

This tweet suggests that there is something he could “flip” on the President. What exactly is that, Katy? Surely you must know or this  tweet was tendered just to cast doubt and suggest nefarious things about your President.
It's been a fantasy of Trump's journalistic enemies for a long time that someone "flips" on him. So far there's no evidence anyone has.
People who are not criminals do not have to worry about their attorney flipping.

Just a matter of when
Like a trout
Sorta feels like an admission of guilt
Every player caught up in Trumps games, ......about time for a reset. Make sure you are looking at the score board accurately. At this point in the game it's Team Trump vs Team America. History will record which roster you ultimately selected.
Interesting that they are no concerned about flipping. What is he hiding?
Would Trump turn on him? You betcha.
Flip Michael Flip
Why worry about “flip” if nothing to see
It's sad that the country's integrity tends to be dependent upon wishful thinking generated by the media.
Why is he even worried about him flipping if he’s so innocent
Trump has forgotten the words that long ago came from his own father’s mouth. “ Skin for skin. A man will give all of he has for his own life “ Job 2:4
Where are you and Rachel, Andrea, Joy, ...?? Help me here already!
Trump says WON'T FLIP with the same desperation as he says WITCH HUNT.

#KnowYourDeplorables
Maybe he should have John Baron intercede!
Aren't you on vacation?
So great that it is so widely accepted that the sitting president is guilty of plenty of crimes that the only debate is whether his thug will flip on him.  You must be so proud @GOP
Katy so many good things you help get done in out country! Stop being a Puppet!
It's not about what DJT thinks Cohen will do;  he's TELLING Cohen what to do!

#MichaelCohenRaid #MichaelCohen #Trump #MuellerTime #hushmoney #throwunderabus #bus #Farmers #tariffs #pork #soybeans #china #patron #patriots #feelings #stronglyfeeling #StormyDaniels …
Michael Cohen will not flip on Trump for a price.
Trump will put up $1 Billion Dollars with NDA. Michael Cohen will go to Jail for 10-20 years. Then Trump will double cross Michael Cohen no Money paid.
The sound of the steel doors closing behind you can be a real attention getter...has a way of inspiring re-evaluation of future address choices!
#orangeisnothiscolor
Why worry about flipping if you’re innocent? @POTUS
A.  This all sounds like guilt is assumed.  I’m certainly believing that, but is the background chatter indicating the assumed guilt coming from inside?

B.  As a father, I would put my loyalty to my family even if I’m putting trump ahead of the country.

#CountryB4Party
Does Trump not realize that he is admitting that there is something to flip over?  Stable genius...yeah.
Hilarious; doesn’t sound very innocent to me. If Trump were innocent there would be nothing for Cohen to flip about. Let’s get on with it. Trump should just admit/list his crimes and get over all this.
Why is he worried? Did he do something criminal? Of course.
He’s not only going to flip he will do back flips and the splits!
Trump saying ‘Cohen will not flip’ is very revealing.

If there is nothing to find, how does one flip?
Maybe there is nothing to flip on but then again Tur and msnbc would have nothing to gossip about
Is that an admission that there's something to flip
Funny. I read that headline, "Despite Trump's Bullshit..."
CrAzY to realize that the USPresident effectively admits to involvement in criminal activities but his MAIN concern is whether someone will flip on him or not. The only thing *more* unbelievable is that this posture is accepted by the general population.
I don’t believe it’s the general population. We are the general population. It’s his lame ass deplorable base that we’re talking about. We are bigger and we will roll them in 18 and 20. #BlueWave2018
Does it matter? They have his paper and electronic documents. He apparently recorded a lot.
If Cohen is facing jail time he will flip.
What does it say about creepy spanky @realDonaldTrump, when he says @MichaelCohen212 won’t flip. It says he’s Guilty without a shadow of a doubt. Cohen needs to remember how spanky has treated him all these years. Flip Mike!  Spanky is not worth prison.
If trump didn’t do anything what is ther to flip?

So The President is guilty. Shocking. Not!
Flipper Cohen #FlipperCohen
Trump treated Cohen like crap, if Cohen stays true to that then he deserved what he gets.
Seems to me if Trump saying Cohen won't flip he is admitting he has engaged in illegal activity. What else could Cohen flip about except illegal activity?
So, Trump acknowledges Cohen has info he could give up in return for a deal? Genius defense strategy these guys have.
If he’s innocent of everything why should he care about him flipping ?
Wait, so Trmp now admitting that he is guilty of crimes?
what's there to flip on? Trump keeps saying he has done nothing wrong??
Sounds like Trump is implicitly acknowledging guilt! Proper response is "nothing to flip on, no there there"
Admission of guilt there? Trump certainly is dumb enough to do that without realizing it.
Michael Cohen leaving his apartment this morning 
All I know is, all my friends associates, business contacts, lawyers doctors could all flip on me as I have done nothing wrong. In fact my friends relations haven't been raided or investigated? Hmmm?
Could have sworn the headline was "Despite Trump's bullshitness"
He's gonna roll over like Stormy Daniels at a gang bang
I think Trump has time believe that Cohen won't flip. I think he will flip..I don't see him jumping out the window liked Cohen claimed that he would for Trump.
Mikey Cohen will roll on Trump like a basket of puppys
I hope he does and very soon!!!!!  This country needs to be rid of this pestilence!!!!
If Trump did nothing wrong, why would he say Cohen won’t flip?
Sad truth is, Trump isn’t loyal to anyone, but DEMANDS complete loyalty from others, even at the EXPENSE of their own family! #msnbc
Let's see, go to jail in order to protect someone who would flip on you if the circumstances were reversed or try to get the best deal you can?
Why doesn't the media spotlight how odd that a president of the US would talk about someone "flipping" on him if he is innocent
It seems all parties, including @realDonaldTrump himself, agree he is guilty as hell and there is information  @MichaelCohen212 could share that is deeply incriminating.
Flip on what?  If Trump hasn’t done anything particularly scumbaggy or illegal, what’s there to worry about?  Oh, wait....
When this is all over, we should name a day in honor of Stormy Daniels.
Who would have thought we’d have President who needed to be confident his personal attorney would not turn state’s evidence.
No reason to flip if tRump has nothing to hide.
Remember, Trump fears talking to Mueller because he might get caught telling a lie because he has lied already and those lawyers are tricky when they get you to tell the actual truth
So if Trump says Cohen won’t flip is he saying Cohen has illegal stuff on him??
What's to flip if you haven't done anything wrong? Hmmm.....
Cohen's gonna flip like a fucking burger...
Flip over what? If there’s no collusion no corruption nothing dishonest and nothing illegal other than perhaps a shower in Russia what is  to flip? You are innocent aren’t you Pinocchio? What’s the big deal Mikey has nothing to flip over. Can you say prison?
Innocent men have nothing to flip over.
Yep
I’ll bet that those close to Trump, when speaking candidly, aren’t too sure about much of what he says. #Trumpisamoron #Trumpisliarinchief
It would be an early Christmas gift!!
If you did no wrong then it shouldn’t matter what he says. There would be nothing to tell. So why worry? Because you know ur going to fed pen or maybe Sing Sing.
Flip about what, Mr. President?
Exactly
Flip means they are hiding facts, secrets that will damage their ‘good faith’ reputations. Trump sees America as ‘Them’ versus his gang plus Putins desires as ‘Us’
It won't matter if seized documents indict Trump.
"Hmmm...do I do 20 in the pen so Donnie can live the rest of his days in luxury? Nah."
Nah, he's gonna flip.
Trump is wishing

If he doesn't flip, that might tell us less about his loyalty to #PresidentTrump, and more about the depth of #Russian ties.
Don’t forget mob ties too!
So, basically even Trumpers are admitting that Trump is guilty 
Shouldn’t he be saying there’s nothing for Cohen to flip on? Trump is so guilty. #Fake President
This is not a work day....get back to those tator tots if they made them finally.
Wait!  So this isn't a WITCH HUNT??!

Does Trump know Cohen is being prosecuted by the State of NY and he can NOT pardon him.....
No,  it's the New York state division of the federal prosecutors (or something like that, but it's the feds)
They may have executed the raid, but the case itself may be handled by the state of New York, where the crime may have taken place and they have jurisdiction.
Over what?
Trump is such a loser. I can't wait until he disappears...
Hmmmmm. No collusion, no obstruction and sure that a guy who might have contrary evidence “won’t flip?”  I wasn’t there if I was I didn’t do it.
What could there possibly be anything to “flip” about?
So Trump is admitting he committed crimes
The irony is why would he flip if there was nothing to flip about. If that isn't an indictment of Trump, I'm not sure what is.
Trump friends  -"Michael Cohen won't flip", suggesting there is something to hide.  @KellyannePolls of Comey "The guy swung the election".  With friends and advisors like these, Trump can't be sleeping well.
Even DJT assumes that Cohen has something to flip on.  Talk about an admission of guilt.
Katy, Is @NBCNews reporting Trump's Cohen tweets today as open and obvious attempts to to Obstruct Justice by influencing a target of an FBI investigation? 

If not, why not?

Spoiler: urrbody flips

Cohen won’t do 30 years for the Bigot In Chief. Guaranteed. 

Slimy mob lawyers make deals. It’s what they DO.
Does Trump understand that by saying Cohen won’t flip, he’s also stating that there’s something on which he can flip?
Who flips on an “innocent” man? That literally makes no sense at all.

