Threatened by their own inadequacy or by the guilt from having benefitted from a playing field perpetually slanting for them? Come on, getting what you deserve, no more no less, can't be seen as a curse placed upon white Christian people.
Too bad for them
Well yeah They are no longer sitting on top of the ladder  but have been thrown off They won’t get back up top because of the color of their skin and they can’t handle it
Now do Kanye, Chance, and Diddy
Yes as a white person I feel I am certainly underprivileged. Who the fuck ever said that?
Well this tweet just saved me some time. I won’t be reading this. I’m tired of reading the same story over and over about the Trump voter and his/her motivation. I get it. Let’s hear about the ppl who’ve changed their minds. That’s far more interesting.
I am all of these things and think this is disgusting.
How about the fear of growing tits?
They feel threatened by not getting 100% of everything.
You mean they are fearful they may  lose their privilege? There are many women, people with disabilities, and people of color who can help them figure out how to exist in a world where you are not privileged?
The grouping of people by race, and the discrimination of a group in hiring is #RACISM . ANY attempt at justification for this behavior is untenable. If you are an employer hiring based on RACE or GENDER you are a discriminating POS.
afraid of losing "supreme" status? What a shame.
Remember, it’s not #racism, it’s now called #LossOfStatusAnxiety 
"It used to be a pretty good deal to be a white, Christian male in America..." But how did the rest of us feel ?
that is why that A Jones and S Hannity have so many followers and if our education system had not been failing for the last 10 years, maybe a generation would understand the concept of why things are so cheap and globalism is the end game
‘Bout time!
Nobody talks about the mistreatment of the others and the root of the fear. It's not just fear of becoming a minority. It's fear of being treated like one. It's an indirect admission that they know they've been wrong in their treatment of the others.
Thomas Jefferson was terrified at the idea of emancipation because he was fully aware of the evilness of enslaving others and what would become if him the situation were reversed.
He should not have been afraid of his own children he enslaved.
I think he was terrified of his biracial children. I have often wondered about the required compartmentalization required to enslave one’s own children. Jefferson was a master, though, at holding simultaneously conflicting thoughts.
Lol the ignorance of people and their thoughts, it makes me laugh.
That just about says it all; I wouldn't underestimate the motivation for a return of American economic dominance.
They could all go to planet b. I hear its all white supremacists with lovely fields of automatic weapons growing wild, just waiting to be picked.
Cowards!
It is still a very good deal to be a white, Christian male in America. Which is why so many don't want others to have it.
Gee. Wonder how that feels.
GOOD! I hope they DO "feel threatened."
um. duh?
Alpha males? Show ‘em porn...and they turn to jello, just ask trump.
Excellent article.
It’s still a pretty good deal. Nice to hear them implicitly acknowledge their privilege, though.
Economic anxiety
Cultural anxiety
Loss of status

That's a lot of different white ways of saying they harbor racist feelings
IOW: "I am a racist person who believes that my being a white male should mean that my life is better than everyone else's." Also: "There's only finite pie and my piece should be biggest." And: "I don't believe in white privilege - that's reverse racism bullshit."
Oh really, have I got an exercise for you...Imagine a life lived in non white skin in a country where messages are sent daily that the privileged few believe you are inferior.
Yea, because straight-bashing and being left to die is an epidemic 
/s
These poor, poor little white boys.
This is absurd on its face. Self-identifying blue collar Democrats deserted the Democrat Party in droves in 2016. Why? You say economics was not a factor. Ask them. It had nothing to do with a feeling whites no longer have power. Blue collar whites never had power!
In GODS eyes status means nothing
In the case of the guy in the picture it might be lose of armpit hair

Agree my friend. Agree.

Privileged Snowflake

Is that why they’re committing mass murder and marching in Nazi parades? We hurt their fee fee’s?
er, what constitutes a "not pretty good" deal?
They fear most progressives and minorities taking away the only thing that gives them pleasure--pretending that they're better than everyone else because they were born white.
This guy obviously has never understood the privilege of being a white, Christian male in America. If he did have an understanding of the privilege, he would have the exact opposite viewpoint.
It’s called RACISM you NYT sycophants. You’re a disgrace @maggieNYT
I get that this was your angle, Katy, but come on. This is a joke and people need to stop behaving like this and giving this "cause" so much attention. A retweet? Seriously?
What status??
You'll forgive me if I lack sympathy for those who got off on looking down on/stepping on others to attain their status.
They feel threatened because they are pathetic insecure snowflakes. The only constant in life is change. Either you accept it and adapt or live a miserable life of constant complaining about the good ole days.
Ya think?
Funny how both surveys mentioned say that simple political party loyalty is by far the biggest link between voters and Trump. So the hype is about secondary issues from a minority % of Trump voters. It's present, but not the majority driver in the voting booth.
Lol
Not even close pea brain, silent America wants our country back after the sanctimonious Libs gave too much of it away
who knew racism and ignorance would be a detriment to idiots?
Only the people who also believed there was a war on Christmas
call it what it is: racism. People are threatened by others of different races. 
Why is everyone tippy toeing around it?
The NYT is desperate to normalize the racist Trumpers. It’s deliberate and it’s a threat to our democracy.
It’s all about their feelings and not about facts.
Not threatened - just sick and tired of paying for those who don’t deserve or respect our country. BIG difference.
Soooo racism?
Real deal.
So the article should have made it clearer that there were two different status anxieties here. One is of a group within the country: white, Christian males. One is about the country itself -- fears of America losing her dominance in the world order.

If white men feel threatened why the heck did they vote for Trump - worst example in history. I raised my white son alone. He's smart, strong, loving, kind & doesn't feel entitled by race. His actions define him. Great son father uncle friend to all. Proud me
umm... I'm sure it's still a pretty good deal to be a white, Christian male in America.
The country has changed. Get over it. Move to AZ if you want a welcoming place for walking dead white people.
New @nytimes slogan: “Finding an Endless River of Ways to Avoid Calling Racists Racist.”
https://www.politicalresearch.org/2016/08/18/dominionism-rising-a-theocratic-movement-hiding-in-plain-sight/ …
GOP: the victimhood mentality in political party form.
I've been working on this reaserch (n my non troll life). This idea is the general narrative of the TParty wave 10-14. Lose of status fear is strong driving force.
It’s still a pretty good deal. Any white male that is bitching has no one to blame but themselves.
Considering white Christian males are per capita the world’s most morally & ethically challenged, their status fully deserves to be reassessed at the tabla rasa level.

p.s. any bonafide Christian would have ZERO problem conducting said reassessment.
2 Aspects Threaten them:

1) The Browning of America-in progress for decades. Via immigration & increasing interracial marriages

2) The 21st Century Employing of Americans- former Industry / Factory Labor didn't need advanced degrees. Yet, Science & Automation 'Trumped' them.
I have no pity for them. They were born into privilege. 50-60 years ago, all you had to say was America, and it meant wealth, supremacy, power, and white. The rest of the world caught up. And now they truly need to step up to become relevant. No pity, no sympathy!
Cry me a river.....  We hold these truths to be self evident.
Incredible. Like the NYT needs to push this nonsense again?  Finding reasons for rubes voting against their own interests yet again let’s them off the hook for the results of their actions
I am white, Christian & male. I don’t feel threatened; certainly not to the point where I would choose to forsake my values, my love of country and the ideals of democracy in favor of a narcissistic, authoritarian, racist political candidate who got ahead thru lies and corruption

"Trump Voters Driven by Racism, Not Economic Anxiety." 

Fixed it.

Too bad. Acclimate and move on
I don’t think they felt very threatened when they bullied me asking where I stashed the cocaine (just bc I’m Colombian). Sorry, chad. Shouldn’t treat people@like that
Boo fucking hoo
How pathetic these people are
The fear comes from the fear of whites losing “any” power that they currently control. White power has no interest in sharing power through diversification which is inevitable. 
It is sad when people cannot accept change.
What status would that be?  It's still a good deal to be white and "Christian" in this country.  They need to get over it.
Can anyone formulate that reasoning into a coherent statement without blaming someone else for violating some supposed right or privilege that the white xtian male ascribes to be their sole right?
Wow. That is such an excuse for becoming lazy.
Oh no, we white American men might have to actually...gasp...*earn* our way to prosperity. A level playing field is frightening to lots of people because they know they can't compete. And they vote with their panic button.
Sucks not to be considered any better than anyone else.
Highest suicide rate. Highest fatality/serve in combat roles in US - overrepresented. Christian nations are the only ones where you enjoy the rights & privileges you have. Whites are also the majority of the poor...White children have the highest child poverty rates.
I could keep going on listing our glorious privileges of being hard physical labor suicidal bullet bags so a bunch of left- wing racial masochists can masturbate to the sound of them claiming,"I'm the better white who hates on the lesser whites," but I feel most know this ...
If the white Christian males lose power, Israel can kiss its ass goodbye. All the atheist, etc-  left- wing, hates Zionism & supports Palestine. 

All the people they support are anti-semitic.

But let us all rejoice that one day we'll be as advanced as Mexico or African nations
I can't believe people actually feel this way. If they do, it's nice to know they're doomed to extinction dam soon. Trying to hold back the mixing of races and cultures through immigration, globalization and intermarriage is like trying to hold back the tide. Trumpism is a sham.
Perhaps they could up their game, compete fairly and stop acting so damn entitled. They have every advantage but feel sorry for themselves when asked to actually man-up. It’s a pathetic way to live. Get over it.
Isn’t this a bit late?  We’ve known this for awhile.
I really don't understand the @nytimes content decisions.
Over your head?
Fuck them. Not important.
Awwwww....excuse me why a shed a tear.......
I knew this by listening to my brother who after Trump was elected told his young sons "It's alright to be white again"...True story.
Here is an idea go to college and get skills for the 21st century and stop relying on 19th century jobs for income.
You’re crazy.
Are you really running another one of these BS stories?
They need to stand up for what's right. Following this president is not the right thing to do.
Better learn to duck
Facts don't care about their feelings
This makes total sense, but there are so many other factors that led to this disaster. Contrary to this, many former Obama voters in the Rust Belt voted for the idiot. Perhaps Zuckerberg played the biggest role. Voter suppression ?
"Losing status" is a very Jewish way of saying "fearing the inevitable genocide."
Cue the violins
They are threatened. And so are you.
White male privilege is bullsh*t.
Stay in school, learn a skill n be happy. There’s no need to spread hated full messages in your community
So, racism. But we already knew that.
Further proof that a lot of hatred of Obama was based on his existence as black, as an intellectual, as a proponent of closer global ties, as someone not afraid to deal in nuance - all elements that run counter to the self-image of a lot of so-called "real Americans".
Yet he was elected twice
Anyone who doesn’t think it’s still a good deal lacks awareness.
Once again fear is the biggest motivator n Fox cultivated fear. The truth is the pie is big enough for everyone.
Wow. Join the rest of us.
But what's really changed? White conservatives control the gov'ts of most states, Politicians of every stripe tiptoe around their feelings during every election and bend over backwards to speak to them. They aren't afraid of losing their power; they're greedy for more.
They dread a world where everyone is treated equally.
And what world is that?
What was the education level of the group in this study?
Now they know how it feels to be everyone else. We have always felt threatened. You deserve to be knocked off the pedestal #WhitePrivilege
If you worked for the Federal beginning in the 1970's you lost that status decades ago
We had a pretty good run...2000 years. And don’t really think it’s over. Maybe look at Fortune 500 CEOs. Almost all white, male, and presumably Christian. Upset white people don’t feel threatened as much as they want to blame “others” for their lack of success.
Blame others, you nailed. I read an article last nite that stated to the effect, just cause you're making, for example, $100,000 per year, doesn't mean you're not living from paycheck to paycheck. The article said, most are. Its blame. Maybe you understand this, maybe you don't.
Being born white is not a "status"...its just a statistic.
Sounds like they want reverse affirmative action or something crazy like that
Or maybe Hillary was the most untrustworthy, criminally corrupt, uninspiring presidential candidate in history? What next? Are you going to put Trump voters in zoos?
Well boo-bloody-hoo, they sound like the very definition of snowflakes.
Imagine having to actually work for what you get...poor snowflakes need Trump to deport all the non whites...embarrassing!

Not status - Undue privilege
Oh puhleese...
Tough.
You mean the people yelling and calling anyone slightly different from them snowflakes are actually deeply insecure! No way! I don't believe you at all. 
Perhaps one way they can protect their feels is a renewed thought process that they’re not better than women, poc, other religions/sans religion etc. They have, forever, claimed a high horse sanctimonious position of control & maybe it’s time for them to be knocked down a notch.
While economic anxiety did not explain Mr. Trump’s appeal, Dr. Mutz found reason instead to credit those whose thinking changed in ways that reflected a growing sense of racial or global threat.

Global cabal #tinfoilhat -ism and racial animas
Two very trashy “-isms” that fit over HRC/Obama nicely
It still is a good deal if you aren't in the lower half talent and intelligence  wise.
Seeing this play out ...
So much truth in one little statement!!!
"I'm scared the liberal coastal elites are gonna come take my mobile home"
News flash: we're too busy at our deep state meetings with George Soros to set up another child pizza sex ring. You were so genius at foiling our last one
FFS, I'm a white male (raised Christian) and guess what?  Treating everyone with respect and not wanting to hold them down just because they're not 100% like you isn't hard.  In fact, I assume it's how you live your life.  Stop voting like you're more cruel than you actually are
Really? “Trump voters driven by fear” yet its Bernie Bros trying to kill GOP lawmakers and Leftist backed Antifa assaulting any Conservative speaker. Then of course the Leftist push for online censorship. But yet its Trumps base full of fear. You guys are such propagandist!

Well the american flag wife beater shirt isn’t helping your cause.
As an old white male myself, I find is difficult to muster much sympathy for these assholes.

Bingo!



AUGUST 25, 2014

OCT 2016

[#RhetoricalArtist/Theorist/Advisor
Nonpartisan, but never voted GOP]

RHETORICAL ARTIST/EXPERT NOTE
Yeah. Take it from me. Being a six figure middle class middle aged white guy is a real trial.
Used to be?
Listen - the Tea Party (which is the basis for Trump) was never about "getting ahead."

It was all about resentment, racism, and "getting even."

Palin birthed it, the Koch's funded it, and Scott Walker weaponized it.
Put your big boy pants on.
They are just sooooooh stupid
They should pull themselves up by their bootstraps.
