What a freaking lie! & how could he not know - it's been all over media.
My favorite part of that entire interview was how @foxandfriends cut @realDonaldTrump’s interview like me on a call with that one friend who talks about EVERYTHING ad nauseam  ...  well thank you Mr. @Potus we know you have such a busy day ahead, we’ll let you go... 
Call went out my ass.
Why the call went out:
Its funny because Fox and friends are smarter than he is. Look out everybody!! It’s a runaway mouth.
Congrats @foxandfriends becomes Fox and Witness. Your recording will become evidence
Yeah, a special form of court tv, lol..
Fox & Friends got Trump off the air quickly toward the end when he started yelling and ranting.. it cracked me up.
Best client ever.
The call went out? Did they have s Martha Mitchell moment in the WH, unplugging the phone during a call (though in her case, it was with a journalist) to prevent damageable information to come out?
He is his lawyer who else would represent him?
So he’s admitting the Stormy story?
Not admitting so much as slip-of-the-tonguing.
I think he is admitting b.c he thought Cohen would flip eventually.
This is just damage control
What are you babbling about, we all heard all of it.
Wow! Some of your followers have a comprehension problem. Of course he knows about Daniels now. Cohen admitted the NDA because she violated it. We've all heard about it. His press secretary was asked 100 times about it.
That's shortening of speach and is very UNAMERICAN! Over here on Fremont Street in Las Vegas they drown out (( FREEDOM OF SPEECH )) with CrAzY loud music from main street to LV Blvd or so totally at 9:PM to God knows how long and with D.J's or Cover Bands leading up to 9:PM.
Remember when none of this mattered?
Oh, really?  Starr Report, impeachment proceedings for Bill Clinton.
Steven Smith is a fake.  There is no 15th district in Georgia.
He represents 151/2 district then
That's what Friends are for 
like when that guy from area 51 called in to art bell's show (RIP)
I appreciate your Art Bell reference.
Now that MCohen was confirmed by DJT himself as his attorney, and $130k has been paid to Stormy with proof, then what remains is to show proof that the money is linked to violation of campaign finance law???
I heard it. We ALL HEARD @realDonaldTrump admit it. NOW-let his KARMA COME DOWN.
@realDonaldTrump was completely unhinged this morning. Yelling, ranting, jumping from one topic to another including the election, Stormy Daniels, Melania’s birthday, collusion etc etc. How anyone can support him (family, Republicans, others....) is beyond me.
Mr. President stop snitching; Kanye please tell him ... geez you can't make this farce up anymore. I feel like the FBI will roll up on Trump mid-interview like this Boondocks skit.
Looks like someone pulled the phone line out of the wall during the middle of @realDonaldTrump ‘s call to @foxandfriends when Trump basically admitted he used Cohen to buy Stormy’s silence just before the election! #trump #MichaelCohen #StormyDaniels #foxtruthserum #foxnews
Hey Rucker, he's never denied Cohen represented him, he denied knowing about the payments. 
I guess all you morons have a comprehension problem.
Wondering why the call became inaudible... Did T realize what he had done or was someone overseeing the call to protect T from himself?
Maybe he moved to a bad spot in the basement and his cell phone service went out, happens to all of us.

#GoodGrief
Images of Tony Soprano directing his affairs from his basement!
#Sopranos
#GoodGrief
Also thought of The Sopranos when @MichaelCohen212 hung out with his friends instead of showing up for his court date...
The president calling on a cell phone with a bad connection to a cable morning show to possibly incriminate himself on a legal case with a porn star is the pinnacle of public office
I think someone broke down the bathroom door and jerked the phone out of his hand.
Or perhaps Fox cut the line before #TraitorInChief incriminated himself further?
You've got my vote for the most plausible explananation.
He said “Deal” not “thing” which is far worse.
In a normal world, the use of the word “deal” in this context would have been a scandal of its on right. These days stuff like that gets barely noticed.
Sad. You'd think FOX would have enough cash to pay their phone bills so this kind of thing doesn't happen.
Somebody pulled the plug so he could not incriminate himself any more. Fox is still trying to figure out how to spin the Hannaty story.
That's a total lie " journalist" - I  watched, listened to entire interview & NEVER did the call go out. You are straight up fabricating this #FakeNews media.  

Ppl stop RTing blanket statements made by press. They are playing u! You need to see, listen with your eyes, ears!
What he said was probably, People in America didn’t elect me because of who I slept with they Elected me to #MAGA ! And that’s what I’m doing, even though the Democrats vote against everything I do, that’s what he probably said  @POTUS  Loves America #DemocratsHateUSA 
Trump is drunk on Fox News? Why else call in?
I was half expecting to hear, "long time viewer, first time caller."
Hats off to @foxandfriends  to get the POTUS to throw up on himself this morning. #unhinged
He had diarrhea of the mouth this morning. Wow
When does he not?
Hannity must have slapped the phone out of his hand.
“Then the call went out”
Sarah Huckabee will clarify: “The president was referring to a deal related to the storm that affected Puerto Rico”
Someone at the White House probably ripped the phone cord out of the wall
Could @foxandfriends have used a 7 second delay in Trump's rant this morning, intentionally cutting out something he said that they didn't want broadcast?
Time for a new phone after someone slapped it out of Trump's tiny hands
Bill and Ted 2020... Upgrade...
That’s because the @WhiteHouse staff finally woke up and got @FOXTV to shut him down. 
@foxandfriends @FoxNews
What?! Are you making it up as you go along? Sheesh...
Wow, so much for a nice birthday for Melania. He's manic and off his meds today!
No it didn't I have rewound it twice so far you are a liar.
It's at that point, I want to envision Ty Cobb and/or Rudy Giuliani tackling and body slamming T-Rump a la WWF.  The phone clatters to the floor sliding just out of reach...D'oh!
Somebody hung up his phone.
Maybe Kelly got wind of the interview as it was occurring and wrestled his phone from his hand to end the conversation.
Or maybe one of Trump’s lawyers... #TrumpReallyIsStupid
So who is lying, Trump or Cohen or both?
“Went out”. Someone hung it up before he buried himself any deeper
I think we heard enough
I am surprised that Steve Doocy didn’t do the Pee Wee Herman thing:  “*fake static* I can’t hear you. You’re breaking up! *fake static*”

Is everyone ready for @realDonaldTrump to throw @MichaelCohen212 under the bus? It’s gonna happen.
John Kelly was trying to scramble all cell signals at that moment
We have a president who is now completely unhinged.  Who calls in to a news program and rants.  This is just not normal for a president.  He needs to go back to the great life he had and misses.
Someone needs to create a meme of John Kelly cutting the wires to the phone.
The FIX was in by "THE PROPAGANDA MINISTRY."
This tweet it total & utter BULLSHIT!! I could hear the whole thing you are just trying to create something that is not there. Seems to be the MO of the liberals. In case you missed it he did say the Cohen investigation has NOTHING to do with @POTUS
Host Virus confirmed. 

The gift that keeps on giving. 

#FoxAndFriends
"... then the call went out..."
That doesn’t mean he told Cohen to pay her off.
‘...the call went out....’?
Trump "yesterday": I have no idea of the work this Cohen guy does.

Trump "today": OH!, I thought you meant LEONARD Cohen. Micheal, yeah, I've worked with HIM before. You should be clearer next time.
You mean he was lying before!!!! I'm SHOCKED!
Someone prob tackled him to get the phone away from him. I would love to hear the aftermath of that call
I picture someone running into the room and ripping the phone jack out of the wall
Trump’s legal team
That's pretty much the look on the hosts of Fox & Friends faces 
Hannity! Damn you!
I wonder who hung up on the call? I'll bet it wasn't him.
Of course it did! Fox crew was probably trying to find any little hole to send a bleep! Didn't work though - Trump still damaged himself severely.
Maybe John Kelly grabbed his phone!
Trump is simply a pathological liar with no moral fiber. I almost feel sorry for him at times. He's an overgrown child in way over his head and surrounded by people exploiting him for power and profit.
Gotta love Trump's new Comm. Director. Seems to be a bit of a blabbermouth, but, if you really want to fuck things up, just stop listening to your staff and keep talking. Nice work, Donald. You made my day.
He said “deal” not “thing” — a huge legal and semantics difference.  The “deal” was the NDA deal back when it was drafted and negotiated!
They must have tranquilized him!!
Total liewow I listened to the whole thing nothing went out and liars like you need to be arrested and sued
He morphed into Rodger Stone at the end. And then he melted...ahhhh.
He couldn't help himself
Yeah right, Fox put it on mute to save his ass
That was the five other countries on the line laughing.
@MichaelAvenatti must be jumping with joy 
Smh...Happy Birthday Melania...oh BTW...
Wonder why the call went out?
Maybe Mueller & FBI stepped in to raid the White House and took the phone out of his hand like they did with Cohen.
After weeks of 24/7 news coverage how would anyone NOT know about Stormys accusations, and everything else related to her 25 minutes of fame....hmmm
Who cares?
I hope that unedited tape of the call can be subpoenaed!!
That’s all you heard. When was the last time you felt and acted on amorous feelings towards your wife or girlfriend? Your sex life seems to revolve around who Trump slept with. Try having your own sex life you might like it - assuming of course you are capable. Ninny!
Taken out of context - Cohen represented President in response to frivolous lawsuit filed by Avantti
He’s cracking under the stress.
Don't networks have a slight delay on live tv so they can censor when necessary?  sounds like the production was trying to save him once they realized what he was actually saying.
That was my first guess.
Trump’s next call ...
It's all a perfect plan to make the case disappear and our Dictator keeps filling his pockets with US MONEY.
No, it sounded perfectly clear. There was no drop off at all. Likely a localized issue.
It was "HE REPRESENTED ME WITH THAT" Was quote from @MorningJoe as @MichaelAvenatti was gleaming about "another gift from the heavens" thanking the stunned F&F team for their hard work. It is like yelling throughout the  call. He woke up on the wrong side of history this morning.
Time for Al Haig.
Of course
.@MichaelAvenatti's mood
It is a crazy Stormy Daniels thing.
Yeah, that was probably his current lawyer grabbing the phone out of his hand to shut him up.
"But he handled,  subcontracted, participated in, or delegated 90% of my ILLEGAL work, at my direction.  I did the rest all-by-myself."
Phillip, what you said is classic conspiracy theory.
Very Interesting 
Jeez, it’s no wonder that no decent lawyer wants to take on Trump as a client. What an idiot. 
Giuliani was near by and was able grab the phone from his hand.
Avenatti is on Morning Joe when they replayed this portion, and he can't hide his glee.  Trump tells so many lies that he can't keep them straight
This is rich
someone pulled the plug ?  Lol

LOL at his special shout out. Hilarious.
Stormy’s lawyer is counting his $$$
Is he locked in a closet on his cell phone with Kelly banging on the door right now??
Not in NY - broadcast did not lose the phone connection here! Maybe cut in D.C.
Melanie cut the cord.
so obvious a tainted msnbc employee
I've not watched one of these in a while. Is he always so hyped up? Even his Faux friends seem uncomfortable.
Consenting adults
WH blocked or Fox blocked.......if it was Fox......subpoena anyone?
Clearly Kelly is just collecting a check on the 15th and 30th 
Trump is a
And the Southern District goes into high gear with those Stormy comments. #Cohen

Would you care if his actions to cover up the affair broke a federal election law?
who wouldn't.
Uh... It seems like that's what is going on to me.

trump is knows he's in trouble.
I'm not so sure he does...I think he thinks this is "fixing" his problems...
Lol you can't make this up. A total Shit Show
Hmmm.   The call just went out?  Sounds fishy.
The leader of the Free World. The most powerful man in the world. He can't make a phone call?
I missed it!  Anyone know where I can hear it?
How convenient
Trump to Fox and Friends: Of course we are guilty of the Russian.... Fox and Friends: It looks like we lost Mr Trump. 
You’re lying, we could hear the entire thing!
Kelly sitting on the mute button
Where is Kelly lately? I think he’s laying in fetal position is his office. I feel for anyone who has that job. Trump is totally insane and he will never act the way a potus is supposed to act.
Fox might be a thing, but friends seems fake
More like enablers.

Enjoy! Unhinged and angry #EnoughIsEnough
that was the sound of John Kelly wrestling the receiver away from him
Or of Fox’s control room disconnecting.
Somebody trying to wrestle the phone away?
Damn, this phone interview is a treasure trove for journalists!
right? so weird
