This was really sad.
This gave me the chills. It's devastating and I'm sorry.
In my childhood, I had a Venezuelan friend who was a political refugee. This was in the late fifties, and I never knew his true name. I always wanted to visit, and am so sad that your country has come to this. Your father would be so proud of you. Bless you and your family.
What breaks my heart is the overt racism of MSNBC anchors, attacking a black man who was on trial for having sex with white women while a white man who bragged about sexual assault is in the White House.  I was never as fond of Cosby as some were, but he's not a rapist.
Given the topic of this thread, your response is rather spectacularly inappropriate.
You just accused Bill Cosby of faking being Blind!! You would never accuse a 80 y/o white man of faking being blind
I've been through those kind of hospital moments with both my parents. It's a shame Venezuela has become so backward, so America is beginning to go down that path as well
This is indeed a gut-wrenching, heart-breaking story. I am happy that you were there for your father, Mariana. That gift of love will nourish you forever, as it did him. Thank you for sharing this.  
My condolences to Mariana and her family. Your dad was a very brave man who tried to make the world a better place.
Tears. This is so very sad. Sending prayers to her and her family. Thanks for sharing her story
Sad sad story. And to tell her story is truly remarkable. Bless you @marianaatencio . So sorry for your loss. Triste historia triste Y contar su historia es realmente notable. Te bendigo @marianaatencio. Siento mucho tu pérdida.
Heartbreaking
A horrifying story. Mariana, you and your family are in our thoughts.
Thanks, socialism.
Boy, you are right.  Almost didn't have the guts to read it, but glad I did.  Thank you, @KatyTurNBC.  What a horrible, sad loss.  Beautiful love though.  Beautiful..
Breaks my heart a child died in a car and last thing he said was he did have long and he loved his Mom.  No one took the time to save him.
Heartbreaking story.
