PSA: Remember, you cannot UNSEE the pee-pee tape.
I hope everyone forced to watch it got a nice vacation and free therapy.
Which means the pee tape is also corroborated by the intel community. It’s real.
Damn straight, they have the tape
It's a huge fail in the system that this buffoon was ever allowed to take office. It will take decades to undo the damage.
The @GOP has utterly betrayed everything and everyone it supposedly stands for.
#TruthMatters
Meh, the rest of the world was expecting it.
If by "the rest of the world" you mean the Kremlin, then yeah, sure.
I know it will come as a shock to you, but most people don't really have that high of an opinion of Americans or America in general.
And I'm not American.
Ever since this "dossier" came out, we've heard this. After all this time, and after all the leaks, please tell us -- what has been corroborated? To date, the only thing that I know has been proved is Carter Page went to Russia. Anything else? Please share! #ComeyMemos #ComeyLiar
We don’t know the evidence yet, because the investigation is still going on. Mueller is make sure every piece is exact. MAGA = MY LAWYER GOT ARRESTED
Did you hear #Rosenstein told Trump he was NOT a target of the Mueller probe or the Cohen investigation? 
You know if something really big was known, someone would have leaked it by now. Instead, we get Stormy Daniels.  :-)
It is two years almost n something if real intel would have leaked if it was real ( July 2016),& we already know Hillary paid for Dossier -I think that says it all and comey purposely did not tell trump that Hillary paid for it which basically shows there was a game going on.
Originally, it was opp research for his @GOP opponent. Remember, Steele is a respected former British spy.
He was fired by fbi.  He failed to mention that. (Comey). Steele came on when dnc n Hrc paid.  Either way only thing that is true on there was a businessman Carter Page took a trip to Moscow to go to the seminar which was legal. They used that as “”Russian spying” lol.
Before all this hysteria, you were allowed to visit different countries inc Russia without being called a traitor
Either way comey briefed potus n failed to tell him If was a paid document by Hillary n dnc. Why would he do that ? Even George on abc asked him that.
piss tape is real
Trump supporters wouldn't care if he bit off the head of a screaming puppy on live tv and ate it.
Anyone with half of a functioning brain has already figured out that the dreaded dossier is VERY accurate. @realDonaldTrump is a PIG & a traitor. Anyone that was married 2 him or lived in NYC the last 30 years already KNOWS it’s most likely ALL true! #LockThemUpAlready
What’s in the “dossier” again that makes him a traitor?
What’s in the dossier that makes him a traitor is that his asshole buddy Cohen went to Prague secretly to continue colluding with Russians through back channels because it was too risky for Manifort to continue contacting & filling Putin in on what was happening.
Is this a mad, mad, mad, mad lib?
A triple decker pun.

DAMN. I have deep respect for you for this. Good job.
@KT_So_It_Goes Dude, Comey, Mueller, they've had Trump & Co nailed awhile, just the more people that flip, the less intelligence sources and methods you need to burn
they've always known this, but Hannity repeating "the phony dossier paid for by Hillary" night after night plays really well with the gullible
Well well.  This certainly puts a new spin on the notion that Steele's information had been debunked and failed to withstand scrutiny.  Careful observers will have noted that both the broad arc and many particulars of Steele Dossier check out.
Can you cite a single claim in the dossier that has checked out since publication? 
For instance, I can cite several things that have been debunked. Where's the corroborated stuff?
They held that rally for HRC b/c they didn't want to be too obvious. They courted Stein. I think payments to Russian exPats through retirement system is true and Page did end up meeting with a FSB official. Oh, and Trump DID spend the night in Russia per his security guard.
Then I have two questions
Q1 -Why do you think the pension scheme to pay Russian hackers in the US is true if you're aware they were monitored conducting this op working from a specific building in Moscow?
Q2 - Why do you believe the Page meetings in the dossier are true if it's literally the one thing that's been testified to under oath so far, he did and then walked away, perjury free?
Times not up. Maybe his arrest is coming. Maybe they want to monitor him. I'll wait for Mueller's investigation to end and accept whatever conclusion he reaches.
Not a lot of monitoring you can do on historic events. The part where he eagerly begged to testify about this, then did deny it under oath was the relevant part.
[---------------] = PEEE PEEE TAPE
It's uncanny

Except we know now it was not because Steele was not a reputable source nor could his sources be vetted
Are u really this daft?
Not daft at all!
If only there was a way that a sitting president had daily meetings w/ intelligence folks?!
I'm honestly still trippin there's a dude named Reince Preibus
 It's a tough one. We've been grappling with the spelling for a couple of years ....
It means Comey misrepresented the truth idiots. The memo remains unverified as per numerous sources. Comey is talking about a few minor corroboration as if they are the salient points
What’s funny is that in the course of two sentences you claim both that the dossier is confirmed to be unverified, and also that some parts of it are verified but that in your opinion they were not “salient points”. I guess Papadopolos isn’t salient enough for you?
So the release of these memos confirms some of the Steele dossier, adds new information about Putin and Trump talking about hookers, and adds even more salacious details about Trump/Russia. Good job, GOP!
How do we think the intelligence community refers to the pee tape? What’s the “office appropriate” way to reference such a thing? The voiding video?
Didn't we arleady know that though?
Dirty dossier linked to dirty man, not a stretch there...most likely the dossier is verbatim true!
It's real
It didn't read like it was BS.
This has been out there for awhile.
That Russia is a country and Carter Page is a person?
Also, there was a FISA warrant on Flynn.

https://twitter.com/pwnallthethings/status/987153099491037184 …
https://realwithreel.blogspot.in/2018/04/what-love-is-part-19.html …
Probably because parts of the dossier had already been corroborated; and now more of it has been, including a description of Cohen's trip overseas.  And after the revelation that Trump wanted a 3some with 2 porn stars, I now believe that the dossier is 100% correct.
Really stupid to leak this without reading it first.
Yes.  The true part was Trump's name was spelled correctly.  Other than that......
It’s on like Donkey Kong.
Yea that’s what they did. Took publicly available info and then made spy novel fiction.
Remind me again....who is this 'Reince' person? :)
He's on that huge list of peeps that got fired from the WH. Now, what they actually did there is uncertain. No one has a job description other than to know it changes hourly.
It's twue, it's twue....
is that was told to the FISA court? If so, lets see the other agencies corroborated evidence. I don’t remember his saying that in any hearings
Has Priebus cooperated with Mueller?
I know they met him.
I have money down that the redacted bits are something along the lines of “Russian”, “Russian Banks” and “Putin”... friendly wager, anyone?

#BREAKING: Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who joined President Donald Trump's legal team today, says he hopes to end Russia investigation in "a week or two."
Is this Russia? Was this already reported?
Yet Priebus had no concerns! #Traitors

Statement from Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Gowdy, and me on the Comey memos: http://ow.ly/Uant30jAi3R 
This is bogus!!
What is the source?

And yet no one can actually identify what was corroborated...
Time to find all the Priebus-Fox interviews of Priebus discrediting the dossier after that date.
Filling in the redactions:
1 - "peeing stuff"
2 - "Russian hooker-pee smells like vodka"
3 - "mock him mercilessly"
4 - "hilarious"
5 - "whores"
Really want to take a peek under the first redaction. Any guesses?
How long after the FISA filing is this?
And it was paid for by Clinton cash through the DNC? Nah, no need for that
