Please send thoughts and prayers for us in Indiana. We also have Pence 2.0 running
I know!   What has Indiana done to be treated like this?  WHY ARE WE PERSECUTED??
Good move guys.  Hahaha.
I'm from Rokita's district. The man is garbage.
Absolutely! I am in Messers district and he is no better. I hope he and Rosina split the vote and don’t make it out of the primary.
His competitor signs should say - I wouldn’t be proud of that.
Even the press in Indianapolis calls Rokita a jerk.
At first I thought the yellow thing over the I was supposed to be a tuft of Trump's troll doll hair but I suppose it's a torch flame.
Nice tiki torch on the yard sign 
Is this a confession?
Trump didn't win because of how he acted, talked, and campaigned. Trump won because he made the people believe him. You cannot win elections by acting, talking, and campaigning like trump; you will lose. You have to be believable; we just don't believe the rest of you.
It is very hard to live in Indiana these days. My only hope is that more than 23% of Hoosiers will get out and vote blue.
This sounds like something a first-timer would admit when introducing themselves at a Dickweeds Anonymous meeting.
Time will tell whether this is a smart strategy or not....
Lots of GOP politicians claim to have been "Trump before Trump was Trump". They have taken to the idea that talking, acting, and campaigning like Trump did is the way to win elections. Let us know how that works for ya. Trump is the exception, not the rule.
OMG!! He sounds dangerous! I hope he loses!
Ugh
Now that is something to brag about
So u r saying u have been a lying bigoted conman all your life and noone has given u any credit for it?
I just moved to indiana and I cannot take his commercials anymore.
Well, they are arseholes and if they're like Trump they're sexual perverts so I guess they're correct about themselves.
Nobody is Trump until Katy covers your campaign.
How’s that a good, positive, and/or decent thing? #itsnot
I was sure this was going to be an editorial by Sarah Palin.
What a winning strategy!
lol The RW was there way B4 trump started to Dictate to America & the Free World- They're the cause of American Democracy being Overthrown as they continue to Privatize our Federal Govt in their own Blind Greed Self Interests-
Lucky him.
Sign of the times.

Tomorrow, in #Arizona #AZ08 votes to change and #Hiral4Congress is the highway to November.
Trump is just a 50th rate carbon copy of the way I was as a fetus...
Who'd want to admit that?
You can keep that title. Disgusting
That’s a bold strategy
Very disturbing. Trump is successfully normalising bigotry, profanity, calling for political opponents to be locked up, and dismissing inconvenient facts as 'fake news' in Republican candidates accross the USA.

Is that the USA people want?
I'm voting for @SenDonnelly !!
Well that’s something I wouldn’t boast about..
I hope it backfires.
What will they hang their MAGA hat on when Trump is found running around the WH lawn naked claiming insanity in order to get out of the Trump/Russia scandal?
These candidates bragging about it like its a good thing
The idea of a Trumpier Trump is a horror beyond horrors.
Nothing to brag about
That’s his problem
The big puff of Donald Trump hair-on-fire above the “I” is an usual choice.
Hope it ends up representing going up in flames.
HAHAHAHA, What a loser....
So basically, he’s saying he was an asshole before he had an asshole 
That's nothing to brag about.

the only people I've met that think Trump isn't a revolutionary movement of note.
