
Was it a “I pay off porn stars for you for free” business?
Loyalty is a one-way blind alley.
So if Cohen is a businessman and not so much a lawyer then there’s not so much attorney client privilege.
Michael Cohen "Low-level Staffer Assigned to Fetch Coffee" watch nearly complete.
Okay,to distance yourself from one person, fine. But Trump has had to dissociate himself from so many,it confirms that you are the company you keep.
He wasn’t even counted in the HUGE crowd at my inauguration.
Whatever.
Well then why does he need to see the seized documents? This crazy man is like a ping pong ball. He trips over himself all the time.
Michael Cohen is one of the only 46 people Donald Trump follows on Twitter. Cohen's bio still reads, in full, "Personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump." https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/following …
Can't wait for his reaction to Kushner. Some guy married to one of my kids, never spent a lot of time with him... A small fraction of my children-in-law
But ... but ... but ... we're talking about the child-in-law that would untie the Israeli-Palestinian Gordian knot once and for all and have them singing fraternally and holding hands in a circle. Aren't we?
BOOM BOOM!
Well that screwed his own position in court today 
Add in Republicans with that ridiculous report from Devin “accessory to treason” Nunes
Wha? 
You notice he doesn't include any links?
This was a devastating admission from Trump.  Claims attorney-client privilege are tenuous regarding primarily business communications.
We all know he was only the donut boy
How can Trumpie 'barely know' so people when he has put many in high positions or has personal dealings with them? This is his way 2 distance himself from so-called friends who have become toxic.
So, no attorney-client privilege, right?
So there is no attorney/client privilege?!?
It's better than "coffee-boy"!
But makes you wonder what could be Michael Cohen thinking?
Flip or not flip?
That is the question...
NY ADA should help him out of his misery, & give him a DEAL...
If that’s a fact, there’s no privilege
He was just a coffee boy
Here come da bus
#WaterBoyNumber100
#MuellerTime 
Sorta like Pappadopulus was just the coffee boy
So many coffee boys it's easy to get confused.  Related: we need to get the bus jacked up for more ground clearance.
If Trump has very little legal issues going on w/Cohen and Hannity has no legal issues w/Cohen - who is left with all the legal representation from Cohen? Thought Cohen had 3 clients?
Well, that should help flip Cohen
Reminded me of 'Sgt. Shultz of Hogans Hero's;"I KNOW NOTHING"!_!
Cohen, is this really the guy you'll take a bullet for?

Really chipping away at the credibility of any claims of privilege his lawyers may want to pursue before Judge Wood. The man’s a genius. GENIUS!
Planting rose bushes with shit is the name of the game. Lool
Cohen was the only Executive VP at the Trump Org other than Trump kids. The notion that Trump hardly knew what Cohen did is...interesting.
classic
In Trump’s world, except for him the rest are all inconsequential, disposable or just coffee boys
Guess there’s no client privilege conflict then. What a relief 
And that tact will backfire spectacularly on 45 himself bc it serves towards negating claims of attorney-client privilege. After all, if the "client" views the "atty" as a businessman rather than a lawyer, the "client" can't have had an expectation of a-c privilege. 
"A tiny fraction of my legal work"
Yeah, what ever Trump.
I see that going to the best schools is really helping Donald with his defense strategy right now.  Cohen will flip on this fool.
Hahahaha....Michael Cohen IS your business
Then there isn't attorney client t priviledge.  Trump is the prosecution's gift that keeps on giving.

Trump confirms that Michael Cohen represented him on Stormy Daniels: "Michael would represent me, and represent me on some things. He represents me— like with this crazy Stormy Daniels deal, he represented me."…
I hear the rumbling of the Trump bus  over Cohen. Vroom. Crunch!
Lie
But didn’t he ask to go thru the records they seized from Cohen?! If Cohen is a businessman then he doesn’t need to see them, right?
@POTUS waived his client privileges on Faux and Friends this morning
And colour me “not surprised “.
That's actually what the Feds are TRYING to show. That Cohen wasn't really acting as a lawyer for most of his business dealings and so most of his files aren't privileged. Thanks Trump!
Bus just ran him over 20 times. Wow.  Come on Michael. You see how he is treating you now.  Flip and blast him out of the water!
Another “coffee boy” ... Ahhhhh ... too much coffee, explains why Prez Tinyhands was so amped up this morning
A few quotes from the 45-English-45 dictionary:

"I had nothing to do with him" = "we are/were in business together"

"I hire the BEST people" = "I hire anyone on a whim".

"Everybody knows" = "No one knows".

"Who knew?" = "Everybody knew"..

 B careful out there, take D dictnry
Next time Trump will say that Cohen was his coffee boy, too.
Why are we putting up with this mans insanity?
“Michael Cohen has a great insight into the real-estate market. He has invested in my buildings because he likes to make  money—and he does. In short, he’s a very smart person.”

Adding your opinion to Trumps statements DOES NOT MAKE IT TRUTH !
LOL
TRUMP has been able to get away with everything he does while no reprecussions are dealt out to him. The US laws are & have been just a facade for those with wealth and power. 
Merikkka #NOTmaga #ResignTrump
Hmm thinking maybe he will deny Cohen three times and then have him crucified?
Trump philosophy people who plead 5 amendment rights must be guilty.
Except for selling him real estate at top price

Ouch.

There are sooo many people that he barely knows!
Yet, he also just said that Cohen represented him in the Stormy case. @realDonaldTrump never shuts up. When will he ACTUALLY bury himself with his words, already?!!! #MAGAMYASS
I can't wait until he does this with Jr. and Eric. He couldn't with Ivanka, could he?
Suuure.
News agencies digging up ALL tape, tweets & declarations of friendship etc between trump & Cohen.
@He never told me about his business, Kate.”
You did hear him say Cohen handled the “crazy Stormy Daniels” thing for him, didn’t you?
@WillieGeist Flake keeps voting for Trump’s nominees?
Excellent. So if they only had a business relationship then attorney/client privilege doesn’t exist.
So if he has nothing to do with his business why does he need to review the documents that were seized?

Uh huh
There goes the Attorney—Client privilege obstruction argument.
Donald will soon also plead the 5th.
If Cohen thinks for one second Trump won’t call him a coffee boy he never met ... he has all the evidence to the contrary this morning. #foxandfriends #CohenofSilence
So nothing is covered by attorney/client privilege & Cohen just paid $130,000 for some dude he barely knew. Got it.
"He only handled a tiny, tiny fraction of my legal work....

But he handled,  subcontracted, participated in, or delegated 90% of my ILLEGAL work, at my direction.  I did the rest all-by-myself."
businessman-crony privilege
Cohen obviously didn’t see the warning sign ... 
Trump is the most predictable guy in the world. The names may change but his game remains the same.
He has a lot of those cards.
So wait, says (a)  has nothing to do with Cohen's business but (b) almost all of the -related documents are business, not legal and (c) they are so important he has to review them himself
The man said under oath he had three clients!
Can you smell the stench?
Exactly what I said Phillip. All these lawyers are running around NOT BEING LAWYERS.

Uh oh!
I almost typed, “Does Donald Trump not understand what he just did?” Then I came to my senses.
No, Michael Cohen was just the Coffee guy...
Coffee Guy is going to be the most flexible Halloween costume ever. You can be one of ten plus people at the same time.
As much as you people want something to be there, nothing will ever come of any of this no matter how much you want it to.  Sucks huh.  But by all means, keep.......it........up.  It is a BLAST to watch.
That’s what he says about *all* his #cofefve boys!
I am not going to type you mispelled "that word" - it is not a word. Do as you like. :)
And yet the base is chocking on it as we speak because they just can’t get enough.
Where's Covfefe? He will tell you!
In The Covfefe Coloring Book!
http://www.ColorCovfefe.com 
Wasn’t he a great person last week? Ah so he didn’t FLIP? Looks like the person flipping is Trump. Sad!
@KatyTurNBC another coffee boy??

"mike...michael...cohen u say now *cough* theres a *cough* name i haven't heard in *cough* years" 
Trump is Cohen’s business smh
He @realDonaldTrump just admitted #MichaelCohen represented him in the crazy #StormyDaniels deal.. What a #Dotard. That tiny fraction. #DotardInChief #PathologicalLiar
So, how is it that Trump will be able to assert attorney-client privilege then, if Cohen's not really his attorney.
Whoops
So he just admitted Cohen represented him in connection with Stormy live on @foxandfriends? Hahahahahahahahahaha wait aaaahhhhhhhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha breathe hahahahaha
#HowStupidCanYouBe
If not so much a lawyer, why the worry about atty client privilege?
Yesterday Pres lawyers asked for access to Cohen docs seized. 
Today lawyers heads explode
What a joke he can’t just say something like this and not he helped acxiubtable
So...Cohen can't claim to have a privileged relationship? I mean, since he's "really a businessman, less so a lawyer"?
Well when his son uses it with conversations with his dad bc lawyers were in the room anything is possible
His instincts are so bad on this one.
This reminds me of the lessons you teach your kids, when they find blame in everyone else. Always someone else's fault.
The Trump bus has more people thrown under it than riding it, at this point.
@KatyTurNBC so if Cohen is a businessman there's no attorney / client privilege.  Good thing he cleared that up.
What?????  Well, guess it's another day where Trump spews his venom differently.
Very foolish. If Cohen is not a lawyer, then no privilege.
So, when in doubt, pretend you have amnesia. That's brilliant. 
Business Man #Fixer = #THUG #MichaelCohen #DonaldTrump
Spin, baby! Spin! 
Liberalism is a disease here is example


So in other words, he knows him well and was very involved with Cohen in business deals!!
Batshit cra cra....our so called president.
THROWING cohen LIKE SO MANY BEFORE HIM UNDER THE BUS

WHAT a shocker, he is UNGLUED.
I'll bet the files retrieved from Cohen suggest otherwise.
It’s amazing how few of Trump’s associates he knows.
Just wait for his sons and Kushner to get indicted.
I don't want wait anymore. I want it now, Daddy! 
#MAGAMYASS
But he added that he represented him in Stormy Daniels case
like @JoyAnnReid's obscene homophobia we need to move on from the past and forgive. People evolve you know.
G-U-I-L-T-Y
Lol
Yet he called Cohen right after the raid , and Cohen has only 3 clients
Shhhh... let's keep the suspense going.
Oh look Michael, your bus has arrived.

Coffee Boy
So then documents seized from Cohen wouldn’t be protected by attorney client privilege, right?
Trump is ranting like a madman.
U knew this was going to happen.
So Trump is not claiming attorney client privilege anymore?
Who had today in Trump "barely know the guy" bingo? YOU are the winner!

That’s not going to work this time.
