#ETTD

I can't take anyone's 'reputation' seriously when they agree to work with Douchebag.
He's the anti-Midas.
Peter Principle
The only people that have ever benefited long-term from any of T-RUmp's operations are T-RUmp & those who are willing to remain his lapdogs.
They should follow @maddow ‘s wall. It’s insane.
Tiffany is going to end up with everything
That "was" before John Kelly's name really stings.
But a key question: Have they been corrupted? Or simply their true nature exposed?
Karma is a bitch
Lie down with dogs, get up with fleas is still true today.
They knew who was when they accepted their postitions.
People need to stop lumping Sessions in these lists. Sessions is thrilled with where he is and what he’s able to do in this job. DHS is about to start referring families of asylum seekers to his US Attorneys and he recently ordered his folks to prosecute every case. Thrilled.
Trump is a psychopath. People try to benefit from him, thinking they're immune even as they watch him abuse and use others.
“Everything Trump touches dies.”- Rick Wilson
Cry me a freaking river.
It may be true, but have no sympathy!!!  I think their own greed and personal agendas put them there!!
All they had to do, was their JOB! No one gave a damn about their moral convictions.
@TheRickWilson #ETTD
But this also calls into question the smarts and savvy of the so-called bright boys who joined the Trump farce in the first place? Who did they think they were going to work for? They all knew the con man.
Draining the swamp in the most biglt irony ever. Keep at it, Blotus.
Tick, tick, tick..
What Trump touches dies
Sorry to be pedantic but the description of Tillerson is inaccurate. Exxon is not the worlds biggest energy company. Should read “one of” the worlds biggest energy companies. At a minimum, Saudi Aramco is larger.
WE are all responsible for the decisions we make and the company we keep.  Bummer for them.
Rachel Maddow’s Wall:
You know, it’s not like his behavior was a secret. They should have known better.
#EverythingTrumpTouchesDies
Every single person in the USA and the world has an unhappy association w Trump. Ask Macron!
Play with the trash, gonna get dirty. Boo F ing who for these sellouts.
No, what's amazing was thinking this would go any other way
Selling their souls.
Let’s not pretend that they didn’t deserve to have their reputations destroyed for willingly joining this despicable administration.
his orbit is toxic, even to those who hold similar objectives

Can someone rouse philip and tell him about what’s happening in #KoreaSummit ?
How long did you wear Trump tie or Ivanka’s shoes before they quit on you?
Only a partial list... Ya think?
They’re both very close to him as well, apparently.
#ETTD
Everything he touches dies.
And don't forget Sarah Huckabee Sanders.  She had a promising career as a, as a, as a...  Okay, never mind, bad example.
Brilliant!!!!!!!   SHS is just so wrong.
And how many law firms have turned him away?
Easier to just say: TOXIC
Trump manages to sully everyone in his orbit. He’s destroyed his brand. Destroyed the GOP. Destroyed America’s reputation and divided the country all in just over a year.
Good story. Tells alot about the man who seems to use other peoples credibility for his own use and dumps them. Sounds like the tale of an incubus.
Trump destroys all who get close.
I want to feel some empathy for these guys but it’s hard. They all knew what they were getting into. Trump is no different from his campaign days except for actual power. #Scary
They may have been successful before Trump, but I cannot think of any of their number that didn't deserve what they got, and worse.
This is the consummate #ETTD novel.
Can’t blame it all Trump.  The media and Dems have helped a ton.
@realDonaldTrump is like a deadly disease.  He sucks you in with praise & admiration all the while sucking all your self respect & dignity until your body is damaged, bruised & on life support.  When he reaches that point in his sick twisted game, he spits you out into the cold!
Getting boring couldn't finish the article.
Amazing. And those who've stayed in their positions must keep from wedding themselves to any particular position, as well as exhibit a certain moral flexibility.
When you lie with dogs. No sympathy.
One might assume theirs are cautionary tales, and yet so many continue to put it all on the line for him. #perplexing
Greed is a powerful drug
Donald Trump has been in the public eye for decades. Anyone who didn’t know who and what he was before they went to work for him didn’t want to know. I can’t work up much sympathy for any of them.
Everything he touches turns to shit.
Yup:
Hello!!! He’s the f*cking anti-Christ, for God’s sake. Is nobody in DC paying attention? Geez.
So what is “the degree to which this is a partial list?”
They are all traitors!  Stand up to Trump!
You reap what you sow... If you get in the clown car......you’re going to be in the circus!
Cc @TheRickWilson
A great man once said: "Everything Trump touches dies"
..., painfully
Um, NYT and others are the ONES responsible for many of these situations, this story is absurd, misleading, and disingenuous like most you find in NYT. Shulkin, Price, others had to go, no one asked them to break rules and due 24/7 MSM pressure.  Trump didn't randomly dump them.
And Stormy Daniels used to be a successful porn star. Now she's a former adult film actress on tour at strip joints nationwide.
A deal with the devil just doesn't work out..
How do these guys not know this???
Except McMaster - he couldn't say no unless he resigned.
Jeff Sessions reputation was not stellar.
Whoever said, I think on CNN, that Trump has a “reverse Midas touch” is exactly right.
ETTD, right @TheRickWilson ?
KNEEL BEFORE ZOD
