And it was another installment of this president versus the presidency.
And SDNY already using it.
NYAG is very happy. As am I that they are using it
NY may save us, only ones who can do anything that won't be pardoned. Thank you NY
The ONE politician I had high hopes for was NYAG/Gov Spitzer. He couldn't be bought, wasn't beholden to big business. Too bad he screwed up.
I want him back! That was BS! We cheated with high class hookers, whatever,  I love Elliot Spitzer, he’s intelligent and Wall Street hates him@bc he did his job! He definitely deserves another chance. Look who’s in he WH!!
I was watching @Morning_Joe at the time and their guest @MichaelAvenatti was providing instant analysis hearing @toonDonaldTrump comments on Fox. Awesome television.
I can't stomach watching Trump but through the filter of Avenatti sounds like fun.
They were cutting to this interview on CNN this morning and everytime they did I had to put it on mute because I just can't hear him talk anymore...but their facial expressions told me everything I needed to know about what he was saying.
Normally, his voice provokes rage in me, but I had to hear the whole thing for myself. Worth it.
I got 50 seconds into him screaming about not watching CNN and then admitting he just watched it last night and I could feel my BP rising.  The POTUS was literally screaming on the phone to a TV show.  This scares me.
He sure sounded really really mad this morning 
Happy Birthday, Melania
The vid where he's trying to worm his slimy little finger into her hand made my skin crawl.  GAH
It was lovely.
Wasn't it though. The fact that he started out by saying he was calling for Melania's birthday made it all priceless 
You have to wonder whether or not she suggested it then used it for cover to leave.
The divorce will be interesting (and entertaining).
I wonder if Michael Avenatti does divorces?
LOL Now that would be sweet!
The uncomfortable shifting and dour looks were priceless.
Little voice whispering in Kilmeade’s earpiece: “White House says PLEASE get him off the air NOW.”
Then, after he hangs up, there's the "WTF have we done?" look.
Do you think any of them are smart enough to understand what Dotard just did?
The Three Stooges
Watch the interview with the sound off and look at their expressions, squirming and the body language. They are cringing through the whole thing.
They ended the call. It sounded like Trump was just going to keep going on.
Man, that was painful.
I'm sure they were afraid he was going to shoot himself in the foot again.
Do you think Trump's aides have different 'codes' that they use like in a hospital to respond to various Trump related emergencies? Pretty sure him calling into Fox & Friends unsupervised would be a 'Code Brown' situation.
Hopefully his DNR is up to date!
Somehow, I doubt Trump has a DNR. He thinks he is above the rest of us mere mortals and will be king forever. If people can't see how delusional he is after this morning's outing, then I pity them too.
He doesn't need a DNR.  The man didn't come up for a breath of air during that entire conversation!  He's not human.
He didn’t stop! The hosts had to stop him. He is absolutely insane. What a fricken lunatic.
I wish they let him keep going. He would’ve buried himself.
Some think that Trump aides called the station and told Fox to end the interview. It's possible, I think.
FACT: It was Rupert Murdoch personally who called the control booth and said SHUT HIM DOWN
Why is THAT bad necessarily? Didn’t LBJ give interviews while on the toilet? I think Trump supporters like him for ignoring the usual boundaries (for better or worse).
Because he admitted that Cohen represented him on the Stormy Daniels case, after previously telling reporters that he had anything to do with it.
Oh right. I should have guessed because he contradicted himself. I have a hard time keeping track.
The Avenatti clips from MSNBC, in which among other things he says that this phone call is "a gift from heaven," will give you a decent sense of what went wrong. They're on Twitter somewhere!
Here's the Morning Joe clip with Avenatti.
He also said “ He has businesses, “in reference to #Cohen at least three times in a row. He’s melting, #HesMelting!!
It's business, it's business time!
I miss that show!
It almost sounded like an impressionist doing a Trump comedy routine.  You can't make this sh-t up.
And that’s EXACTLY what he’ll say it was, when he starts getting quoted/called out on the shit he said!.... “wasn’t me”.    But you said you’d be calling in this morning.... “wasn’t me”
He'll use his standard go to phrases. "l didn't say that". "Fake news". "It's a lie". "I'm the greatest president in history". Too funny.

SDNY has ALREADY used Trump’s Fox & Friends interview this morning against him in a court filing. https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/4447558/Cohen-USAO-20180426.pdf … 
You know they had several paralegals/lawyers lined up to listen to Far Nixon blather on F&F. Combat pay is owed to them.
Fox & Friends  basically hung up on the president of the United stages
Fox & Friends to Donald Trump this morning 
That was hilarious.
They had to tell HIM he was too busy for the phone call 
They were coming close to cutting into "Executive Time" you know. ;-)
My God, help us. I do believe this level of frenzy is Trump's response to Macron's speech to Congress though. He knows Macron played him.
Agree! He was totally upstaged and humiliated by Macron.
my thoughts as well... he thought Macron was his bestie to find he was made a fool of in front of all congress - who applauded and gave standing ovations to Macron's ideas

I think this is insulting to Miss Piggy #JustSaying
Trump aides should put some of Dr. Ronny's Ambien in Trump's next Diet Coke, give him a MAGA pacifier, and put him down for a long nap -- for the safety of America and the world. Repeat as needed. 
Yes. When it comes to Trump, handing out Ambien like candy seems like a good thing.
Ritalin might be a better choice.
Wonder if he called from that private cell phone?
Will  he have a private cell in prison?
I want to see him go to jail but, if all else fails, he can & will claim alzheimers to get out of serving time
GENERAL KELLY where are you?!?!
This morning's rant on @Fox&Friends revealed what Trump must be like when in the White House - venting all his uncontrolled anger at misconceived targets and showing himself up for what he is -- an infantile & not very intelligent cry baby. @Trump
I was JUST thinking the same thing!  That's gotta be a stressful place to work.
Likely why it’s a revolving employment door.
I read that as "a revolting employment door" and sadly, it fits as well.
Lol,  I’m perfectly happy with either. Both fit.

Love this, my first giggle of the day! 
@hughhewitt admired trumps “Swinging from the hips” on Fox this morning.
Not the hip... the hips.
Hugh is a lonely man
#FirePruitt
Isn't it shooting from the hip? Swinging for the fences? Swinging from a vine? Trump is Tarzan to Hewett?
hanging by his lips?
Lying with his lips.

Rupert Murdock said to his office staff that "He's a F**king ldiot" after getting off the phone with trump last year. No truer word spoken.
My freude has been schadened.
 Mine has been too.
If Kelly doesn’t resign after this then he has no backbone at all
I think it’s blatantly obvious Kelly has given up completely and is probably barricaded under a desk somewhere. #resist
This is why I can't wait for him to get in front of Mueller. He will just not be able to stop himself and will inevitably get into trouble
Kind of like Jack Nicholson in “A Few Good Men”?
Who thinks it wise to allow Trump to "negotiate" with North Korea?
I wouldn't let him negotiate an ebay bid.
If Cohen performs only a tiny bit of his legal work, why did he get so unhinged when the feds raided Cohen? Why is he even speaking on Stormy? Doesn't he know that he's putting Cohen in a bind since he's filled a declaration to plead the 5th? All stormy docs found in raid = a go!
Everyone who has ties with trump, are going to throw him under the bus. They are going to be him to the punch. So much for loyalty pledge.
In which he proceeded to bury his own credibility. A lawyers nightmare.
I swear all Mueller has to do is promise to televise his interview with Trump and Trump wouldn’t be able to resist....and most likely talk his way into jail.
Brilliant
Delight at the idea of him calling into Fox and Friends from a prison cell to rant about how he's mistreated.
Would be great if he got sent to a prison named after Hillary. The Clinton Correctional Center has a nice ring to it.
Hey Kanye come get your guy, he’s melting down. #gotthatincommon
Hahahaha. WTH???
This is what happens when Candyman Ronny isn't available.
Here’s why:
SDNY tells court: "Trump, reportedly said on cable television this morning that Cohen performs 'a tiny, tiny little fraction' of his overall legal work." https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/4447558/Cohen-USAO-20180426.pdf …
Doesn't have time to buy his own wife a birthday present because he is to busy being President but has enough time to play golf at his own club and cost taxpayers in the USA even more money. I wonder how much his club has made from his Presidency!
I mean, he didn't have to say that he didn't get her anything. What did he accomplish by proving that he doesn't think much of his wife? I guess maybe that's normal considering she has a natural aversion to holding his hand in public.
Maybe he didn't get her anything just because they're already loaded and she has everything she could possibly want.
Money doesn't buy happiness. Yadda yadda yadda. I'm pretty sure nothing he could supply her would make her happy anyway.
A non-iron-clad pre-nup, perhaps
Perhaps Trump's conduct is normal for someone who has almost always escaped the consequences of his actions, and expects to continue to do so.,
Yep, impulse control in a POTUS is overrated.

Is it me or is anyone else thinking Rudy Giuliani told Trump he should do this? I think he is "consulting" for Trump as a Machiavellian plan to get back at Donald for not giving him AG or any other White House Cabinet position.
I sincerely think you are right. Chris Christie and Rudy probably made a deal. Whichever of us gets hired, because he’s run out of people willing to work there, will find a way to set him up, beyond a reasonable doubt.
Did Rudy encourage him to do this I wonder?  So helpful.
Might be right on that point. He’s probably still pissed off about not getting a prestigious appointment and this was his revenge. Stranger things have happened in Trumpland.
Now I understand Kanye’s love for this guy. Both of them are way under-medicated.
And with Ronny as his doctor, that's surprising!
Touche
Trump was mething bad. Hes honked up on ronnies pills. I know meth talk when i hear it.
He is the most damaged human being I've ever seen. This in a world with serial killers.
I bet Dotard is feeling all full of himself and happy now - he sure told that CNN!! Not even cognizant of the danger he puts himself in. I swear, that WH doctor Jackson, he just got up there and lied and lied. Trump had dementia of some sort.
And I've been praying for months that he'd do exactly what he did this morning on Fox and Friends. Keep talking, Trump! Keep talking! 
I say, let the fool go on Fox & Friends every single morning.  Give him is own "Executive Time", say between 7 and 8 am, http://every.single.day .
David Graham of The Atlantic wrote that “[@realDonaldTrump] had not hesitated to make news, if not sense” this morning. That line will keep me smiling all day. Keep up the great work @maggieNYT!
The man is unhinged and I feel like we are hanging on by a thread...as McConnell and Ryan just watch this car crash
ryan got his life long wet dream tax plan for Christmas and sees the handwriting on the wall & is pulling the pin. His donors will help him.
His lawyers probably all had strokes while watching
Next he will call @HowardStern and brag about being with @StormyDaniels
At least Michael Cohen doesn’t need to wear a wire now.
So in the same conversation Trump claims Cohen handles only a tiny bit of his legal work *and yet* he also says he chose Cohen to handle his legal work re: Stormy Daniels.

If we (cough,cough) take this at face value, what attributes does Cohen possess that drove that decision?
The stable genius coming unhinged on Fox and Friends. Another day in the good old USA
Isn’t it delicious that a porn actress and Fox Propaganda News might actually be the instruments that take down this farce of a presidency?
I say just let em' talk, and talk, and talk.

You don't suppose he forgot he was on TV do you? The hosts can SAY whatever they want about Trump, their facial expressions told the whole story today!
I hope he continues, i found his conversation informative and vacuous all at once... with a dash of self incrimination thrown in. Well done mr precedent... pun intended.
Pilot works for #fauxnews
A self-proclaimed “very stable genius” makes the government’s case for why all those documents aren’t likely to be entitled to attorney-client privilege.
Well I for one certainly hope he continues..... please, do go on...
'Talking' is the new 'Unhinged yelling'.
I can't believe he can still surprise me with how dumb he is.
And we get so much more info from Trump than a session with Sarah Huckabee.
And won’t it be fun to hear her try to downplay what he said? H
Lil donny this morning
"Hi fox n friends long time listener first time caller...i just wanted to say i'm guilty"
I actually watched it on Youtube to hear what he had to say. Dear God, he is all over the place. Tripped himself up with Stormey and Cohen. He sounds manic and unhinged.
But Maggie, Hugh Hewitt thinks it works best for Trump. Hugh says trump fans love it. Isn’t that special? Personally, I want Trump to keep calling in to Fox and quoting Hugh, “ keep swinging from his hips.” Although with Trump’s huge hips, might cause a magnitude 10 quake in D.C.
Maggie - just a personal note of appreciation for the pointing out the distinction between this president and the presidency.
Sarah Sanders later today:  "TV show?  What TV show?"
When you fire all the babysitters...
A reaction to two days of having to acting normal (mostly) at a state visit hosting a genuine global leader.
Dear 45, anything you say can and will be used against you. Prepare your petard, sir.
Yup the FOX TV President will be taken down by FOX TV !!! 

KARMA!   

He has no friends.
He refuses to take advice on anything because he believes he know more than everyone else.  He believes his instincts are sharper than a room full of advisers.  We say this morning that’s far from accurate.
We *see
We can say it too.
trump is completely unhinged. he sounds like a danger to himself and the country. should be removed.
It was disrurbing
I listened while i was driving
If i had gotten a speeding ticket
Id blame it on him
yeah, i listened live from kyiv. trump sounds ridiculous. he also sounds sick mentally.
And he can't blame this on some "no name reporter" or fake news! How's your foot tasting spanky? 
Oh ... no problem for mr trump. He denied having said "fine people" and that was actually on camera.
If he’s not careful Putin is going to fire him. I would think he’s already on PIP.
And Hugh Hewitt thinks it was a great idea!  When I see him on MSNBC I immediately turn the channel.  He is the epitome of the Trump/Republican apologists.
Please let’s never allow any of this to feel normal.  The fact that any president speask this randomly and carelessly. And the need for staffers to (unsuccessfully) manage their principal as if he were a rebellious teenager. This is dangerous, shameful and very embarrassing.
I've known suicidal drug addicts who weren't as wantonly self-destructive as Capo Tweeto.
Mueller should offer a phone interview 
Hey Maggie I think you’re about to get roasted by the Twitter king.  
Keep doing what you’re doing. You’re one of my favorite people on tv!!
Love it!! Our POS @POTUS is completely unhinged!!!  #ShitHolePresident
And he refers to himself in the 3rd person, which is very weird. Actually, scary as all get out.
And this is EXACTLY why I hope he agrees to talk to Mueller. He can’t help but lie and also admit to crimes.
You know he does this many times a day to various cronies.
Then they tell two friends and they tell two friends and so on and so on...
He believes they are his friends.  He lives in a TV false reality. He only acknowledges people he sees on screens. He's a lunatic.
He is a lunatic - and well beyond - and he keeps getting creepier - watching him with Macron - I actually had the thought that maybe he really is a closet homosexual - the reason he wants to do them in so badly - but then I realize he is just plain nutty
I had the same thought. So much of what @Gop is about seems to be due to sheer repression. Repubs seem to get caught in highway rest stops much more often than Dems.
Mr Trump Sir,
You should phone up Fox and Friends as John Barron

Your mastery of voices means nobody could guess it was you doing it. And you could finally put a stop to all this Russian collusion nonsense with a good long rant
Great one!! This cracked me up!
My favorite part of DJT calling into FAKE NEWS Fox was how bored the hosts of Fox&Friends looked listening to a POTUS waste his time. Lol. Lol. Lol. Sad. #unfit45
Waiting for Grandpa to shut up.
He’s as nutty as a fruit cake.
My 93 year old mom say that all the time, lol
We used to ask her, how many nuts do a fruit cake have, then she would give us "the look" and all 9 of us would not say a thing! It was like that back in tha day,  we didn't get spanked, she just had the look. Scary till today, lol
Trump truly scatter-shat the bed on Fox and Friends. Who’s luckier than John Dowd? #MorningJoe
And then sometime in the near future he'll deny ever saying something and then spin to the ol' reliable "That's not what I meant." Just my prognostication of a future response by #TurdOrange.  #Resist #HoldTrumpAccountable
He knows he's talking to the public...again no names,no one more full of crap than you...#fake
Mike he basically admitted that 1) Cohen represented him for the stormy Daniels NDA. So basically all that time of him saying he didn't know anything was a lie. 2) confirmed in the comeys memo that he did indeed stay in russia, which Trump has said he flew back in the past. Liar
If a picture is worth a thousand words, this one is a novel.
He's such a moron. Trump's brain isn't big enough to grasp that he's not the same buffoon who'd call local radio hosts from his bed and try to get some press to raise his "profile" for some hair-brained deal.
I can't imagine what it's like for people like Macron and Merkel to have private conversations with him.
Anyone else find it odd that the president was up this morning calling into fox and friends as if he's  an average citizen?  Doesn't he have bigger issues?
Let the man talk. Every word is another inch of rope. He is so beneath the office!
Sounded like he had taken uppers or was having a manic episode.
@realDonaldTrump is simply a child in an old man's body with no self discipline nor respect for the oath he took much less the laws of the land.  @POTUS should be reviewed by the @GOPoversight as well as the @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader
Great. He’ll help indict himself.
Dr. Candy man should have given him some Lithium before this interview. 
But, but Maggie .. you are a third rate journalist.  Love you
I wish he did it every day! Maybe he would be gone sooner 
Can't wait to hear how his Giuliani-approved interview with Mueller goes.
so the president gets an over the top perfect bill of health from his doctor and a few months later he’s nominated for VA Secretary. Interesting... @maggieNYT
It’s such good TV...for the first time ever...for me at least...this was must-watch Fox News programming. Can’t wait to see sanders walk back the Cohen comments at today’s briefing. Acosta will be all over this I hope.
Just imagine what he does talking on that private cellphone.  And people were worried about her emails?
It was fantastic watching the faces of the 3 Fox and Friends lemmings when the unhinged orange clown was ranting right before they cut him off. At the same time, it’s scary that a very unstable person is POTUS and the GOP refuses to do anything about it.
Trump has Paul Ryan & all the other Republicans by the balls!
The faces on the Foxies made my morning. Even they couldn’t believe it!
If POTUS had been on any other network, they wouldn’t have cut him off. He’d be behind bars, and all our nightmares would be over! Except the societal racism thing, we need to finally address that.
Love to see a Transcript of That!!
This is a day I am in the car flipping from @cnn @msnbc  @BBCWorld @NPR love my @SIRIUSXM lifeline.
All the Really Smart Hosts we
Wish were our Close Friends.
Fox & Flops 
Where’s the video? It’s needs be on here! He’s freakin insane &has completely lost his mind! that 30min rambling rant that made absolutely no sense is proof, he’s unstable&unfit 2run this county! Congress must act now! & he needs a REAL DR not the same me being called candy man
I hope he keeps calling them every morning!
That was extraordinary even for Trump! You knew it was lethal when Doocey and company cut the interview short, AMAING an interview with THEIR GUY, POTUS... im sure some producer, sensing the hole he was (AGAIN) digging himself into was in their ear pieces snapping "WRAP, NOW"
Let Trump be Trump ... 
When do we get to hear him say, "I was only joking"?
I wonder if the call was made using his cell phone?
A lawyers worst nightmare.. a client who doesn't shut up
To quote President Obama when he addressed Romney in a debate, please proceed...
tRump wants to be IMPEACHED!  That's the only thing left on his Bucket List!  Can't waitto see how SNL plays one out!
You are brilliant and thankfully tenacious. Thank you.
Thinking that should be a regular weekly segment...very informative.
if only he’d keep his screams down to shouts
Which brings up a point: Does John Kelly still work in the WH?
That’s a great point. He’s not been mentioned for ages. I wonder if he’s tunnelled our?
He is a laughingstock

Someone should remind him of his right to remain silent.
Kelly is probably locking trump in the basement right now.
So which one of the geniuses on Fox and Friends is going to claim to be Trump’s lawyer so he can claim attorney client privilege?
Did any of them attend the same law school, Thomas M Cooley, as cohen which is rated the worst in America. Guess trump got him real cheap.
I’m assuming most of them attended a college whose mascot is a clown.
After hearing the full phone conversation between Trump and F&F yesterday, it’s hard to overstate how unhinged that man became by the end. And completely batsh*t random.... Among my thoughts was “wow, can you imagine working under someone that volatile?”
Trump’s rambling on Fox yesterday immediately brought to mind the meltdown of Captain Queeg in “The Caine Mutiny”! 
Queeg rambled on while fondling two steel balls, was Trump fondling balls?
If i was married this is exactly what i would have wanted for my husband to give me for my birthday. A "very nice" card and an insane rant on national tv

2018
When a second rate talk/news shows tells the President of the United States.... “we could talk to you all day but I am sure you have a million things to do”.... and cuts him off.

Who has the nuclear football?
any bet trump’s lawyers frantically called the control room and demanded that the producers wrap the interview. #FoxAndFriends #maddow #lastword
I heard it was Murdoch who shut it down.
that’s plausible. could it be the lawyers appealed to murdoch & had him make the call? who knows with this crowd
That 31 minutes is so very disturbing.    When you think this guy can’t get any further out on the ledge.....
Please let him go on every day
He’s quite fortunate to have the complicit backing of Congress.

If he were a telemarketer they would’ve cut the phone cord after 5 minutes & fired him.
He sounded like a white punk on dope. Maybe the good doc gave him some of his last pills. Boy he is so smart
This guy has had 1 press conference since inauguration. He can't handle tough questions, but he can filibuster. Poor little snowflake can only deal with the likes of Fox and Nat'l Enquirer, hardly the beacons of journalism
The Cartoon Network should have aired a block of Yosemite Sam and Daffy Duck cartoons as counterprogramming. No one would have known the difference.
He needs to be on that "show" every morning! Mueller must've been salivating!
Why is everyone freaking out over this? POTUS is simply exercising is right of self-incrimination...
good lord, i love he self destructs
Just one scandal after another, and it'll be this way until he's out of office.
Keep on talking Donnie. Mueller is listening.
Give him enough rope... please
The show should be called Trump and friends. This guy is  a reoccurring  trainwreak.  Fun to watch
He was screaming, totally out of control.
Self-destruction on live TV. I felt like I was watching a particularly scandalous episode of Real Housewives.
WH staff watching @realDonaldTrump performance on @foxandfriends this morning...
He was insane... just now on tv,surrounded by kids,he’s still ranting.
He's doing pretty well at digging a big ol hole for himself. But he's just too stupid to know it...our president... laughing stock of the world.
@LindaLawrey 
.....and then, he fired them all. BC why not.
what happens when you "phone a friend"
Why was Trump screaming on the phone to a talk show host? That’s scary.
It was glorious! #TheResistance
And was he on his personal cell phone? 
Pure gold
Maybe he thinks only MAGA people watch Fox? 
You have to wonder what people in the West wing do when they hear him go on and on..Kelly must vomit!
His lawyers probably have to take a sedative with a 5th of Jack.....
I often ponder on what we would be facing if he were actually intelligent...
He sounds SO innocent.
Loooovvvvveeeeee it! His true form and how we won
Woo hooo! I love it- let 'em run with it. He digs himself in deeper every time they take the duct tape off of his mouth.
Let him talk.
The ego wants what the ego wants. There's no way to stop him.
What an example of entitlement by an extremely narcissistic person. Thinks he can do ANYthing with no repercussions. It would be entertaining is a reality show. Not at all as a president of the US.Macron's speech to Congress already made DT look clueless.
NY prosecutors cite Trump comments on Fox this am that Cohen did “a tiny, tiny little fraction” of his legal work as reason to expedite review of seized documents. Sciutto
This was unbelievable.   #ramblingman
His friends are most likely exasperated with his ranting. Fox and Friends now taking the call of the Wildman.
Can’t believe the republicans haven’t offed him themselves lololol. Such a fool.
I'm not a lawyer, but it seems he stepped into some bad legal stuff in that rant. Am I wrong?
Too little too late, IMO.  He’s cracking under the stress & is “fighting back” harder than ever.
I say, let him.
Every. Single. Morning. 
Besides incriminating himself, I think it went pretty darn well! Lol
Of course he did incriminate himself, in addition he was incoherent .
Breathtakingly not the smart thing to do. I actually gasped out loud listening to trump hang himself out to dry this morning. Very unsettling to hear someone rant as he was doing. And it was on tape!
I read all the comments here and maybe I’m being simplistic, he just sounded unhinged (nuts) to me.
@maggieNYT @PhilipRucker @nancycordes etc, will someone ask @VP pence, and @PresSec what the Living God of all creation did when King David CHOSE not to stop his "wickedness". What kind of Christ follower example do they chose to be? Support trump, you support his behavior!
It really bugs this #Believer in the #Living #God when the likes of @VP and @PressSec laud their #faith, and then are such bad #examples of that which they #preach? I'm a horrible human being, but I don't put on airs that I'm anything but, it's called being broken, not #perfect!
Clearly unhinged
And plagiarized himself.
That's why I totally agreed with Tillerson 
This morning on #FoxAndFools...
@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @SteveDoocy @kilmeade 
Does anyone know what he is trying to say?? 
It is the @POTUS version of the FDR Fireside Chat. Most of the press (including you) is openly hostile so that medium is a good choice. Trump against the president is just nonsense Maggie
You are missing the point: chump was UNHINGED on a phone call AND he blew up his own legal defense by admitting something the previously DENIED. He is up a creek at this point of his own making.
Trump needs to do Fox & Friends and other morning shows every day. One phone call and he resets the narrative
He didn’t reset anything. All he did was give evidence to the South District. They literally quoted his interview this morning on new warrants they have. Trump is a massive idiot. Fox and Friends had to cut him off haha. Morning cocaine isn’t a good idea.
He has zero self-control
Really not a conversation if only he speaks, is it?
I remember trumps interviews from way back in the 70's  wow  some things never change
I look forward to seeing him in the pen
Here he is.  Doin great DJT!
Clearly Trump is in his own reality show. So sick of it.
I just now had the time to watch the whole thing. He sounds like he's on some kind of stimulant drug. I've never heard anything like it from a President. And his saying he was going to interfere with Justice Dept! SMHIW
It was especially enjoyable to listen to Trump further incriminate himself while shooting the shit with his Fox buddies.
It was also an excellent opportunity to hear what someone who is high on coke sounds like.
"The President is undisciplined."  (understated evaluation by Attorney Michael Avenatti)
If this rant on Fox and Friends does not convince Congress that @realDonaldTrump is unbalanced and unfit be to POTUS, nothing will.
His raspy voice makes my skin crawl.
Trump misses Howard Stern.
Confirms what I have been thinking for months - no one is driving the bus. #UnfitForOffice
The outward sign of a lonely, insecure man. He talks to prevent hearing the voices & thoughts of anyone else.
“enjoy!” - DT .... famous last words 
BUT WE LIKED @realDonaldTrump
GOING ON TRUMP TV @FoxNews
CONFESSING TO HIS CRIMES!

THE ONLY BAD THING WAS THEY CUT
HIM OFF BEFORE ALL CRIMES CONFIRMATION!

#boycotthannity
#Resist #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachmentMotion #ImpeachTrumpNowASAP #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
He went APE..had a total melt down !
Sort of makes you wonder what Rudy Giuliani is trying to 'negotiate' now about Trump testifying in front of Mueller or the grand jury...
I hope he keeps calling them. America needs to hear where his head is
D’you think Dr. Ronny was slipping him some perks on the side?  This seemed like a drug fueled volcanic spewing of hysterical rhetoric from a truly paranoid person.
He sounded like Dr. Jackson prescribed some get up and go for the interview....
I just watched the whole thing. Dumpster fire comes to mind, but even that seems to nice of a description. Our enemies watched this, too, and got open insight to the level of derangement that he demonstrates.
Did he ever admit to the affair?  I’m getting lost with all of these scandals. If he didn’t, why would he need an attorney for Stormy Daniels? The lying has my head spinning, I can’t keep up. 
#LetTrumpBeTrump a man w/o a shred of self awareness, railing against any1 who doesn’t accede 2 his demands; vindictive, vengeful, angry, unfocused, ranting, raving, revealing his persecution complex. So vain & shallow he didn’t send a minion 2 get his wife a bday present #Trump
All due respect, that was not "talking." Talking implies a semblance of rational thought. That was a bona fide rant.
I just posted that video. OMG what a train wreck!
He sounded like Captain Queeg ranting about strawberries.
Curious to know who those aides are and why they are still working for him.
