After this ridiculous circus show we are immersed in, I’d settle for any creature with vertebrae who is not obsessed with its own reflection. That being said, it would be so amazing to have a strong woman leader who has a firm grasp on policies, and is motivated by empathy.
Run Wendy, Run! Er, whatever your Real name is...

Jokes aside, You're part of this, your kind of thinking makes betters. 
Even down in the hole there is the ember of hope- of decency- unity... Ok not so much that last bit but the idea is there.
Quarter-century of progress kicks off later this year, then Kamala in 2020. Emma Gonzalez in 2036 (she'll be 35ish) leaves an 8-year gap giving you ten years to harden up.
I really admire @RepSwalwell
I would LOVE to see Kamala Harris and Trump in a debate. She would ruin him. #kamala2020
I don’t get it Bernie is from Vermont
Harris and Chris Murphy 2020.
Although I would love to see a (Democratic, of course) woman president in my lifetime (we *should* have one now), as long as a Democrat occupies the Oval Office, gender is of secondary importance.
We need a super strong candidate.
Where is Sally Yates? VIrginia used to own the Oval Office!
oh no
Dreamers
Sadly, I think it’s just California Dreaming
Every time I see Eric Garcetti in one of these things, I assume it's a joke.
It’s all a Dream.
Just what we need:  coastal elite President!
Joe Biden For Me,With Young  Joe Kennedy As a Running Mate? Now That Would a Winner.
If Democrats veer further left, Donald is just the beginning
Currently low on clown makeup. Can they wait a few years?
Would be Grat if @KamalaHarris would give it a go. I'd Support the effort.
They better hope that the GOP doesn't make headway in the congressional races for 2018. As for the 2020 presidential, they don't have a viable candidate.
Great....win California....lose the rest of the country!
Ya. It will remain a dream.
HaHaHahahaha ... Dreaming... that’s a bad dream.
Keep on dreaming
they will lose
I hope Adam Schiff runs.
@KamalaHarris and @SallyQYates 
don't care which order
frist things frist

me too
I want Eric Holder...
Make America Honorable Again .. ? MAHA
Wouldn't It Be Nice?
While we're California Dreaming, I think it's a shame that @tedlieu can't run.
As long as Hillary doesn’t run they have a shot.
KAMALA 2020
"California's dreaming about a Democratic WH run in 2020" - better captures the reference imo
that may not even be part of the US by then
