Anti-Muslim think tank? Were you a part of that, Joy?
@JoyAnnReid You are anti-Muslim.
good, fk Islam
Li£s, F4ke News and F4lse Prop4ganda to Start Wars?  Ungodly!

https://www.democracynow.org/2017/9/14/the_occupation_of_the_american_mind …
that's what we do
My bet is anti-muslim serves a compelling reason as regards immigration. Have you visited Germany or France or Dearborn lately? I suggest you arm yourself first. My experience was lucky in that only my cross was ripped off my neck- no acid attack.
And used Cambridge Analytica.
A full administration of anti Muslim including Pompeo. Shut down this fascist gov over SOS. We r a dead democracy that apparently our reps in DC don’t see @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein @SenateDems
Paid for by the Mercer’s

These muslims cut off four people’s heads.
They are balberic!!!
While the WH may have missed this little detail when “vetting” Bolton (since they clearly suck at that process) the real issue is that even if they knew they wouldn’t care. Trump’s views and those of many in his administration, align with Bolton’s
Tried to sweep that under the mustache
Ms. Tur’s feet are a gift from God for all of us to admire. They smell perfect to me. Katy’s feet and my ass combined is true bliss
How does someone not laugh while in bolton's presence. What a mug.
Why are people surprised. I guess thats the new normal in the US...
he looks like he has a substance abuse problem.
Get him out now!
He's gross
That makes him the perfect NSA for Trump. We are in such deep shit.
Oops. You forgot to put quotes around "think."
I look at this picture of Bolton and think, "A smile is a frown turned upside down." Out of context from the old Temptations song, but Bolton should try it more often.
So, in other words: it was a counterterrorism think tank- but y’all just need clicks. #FakeNews
John always looks as if he needs a slug of Maalox!
Republicans in Congress need to grow a backbone and a set of brass balls!
Bolton looking like the confederate soldier he wishes he could have been#Boltonmustache
Only in the Trump Administration would chairing an anti-Muslim think tank be considered a virtue
And the Saga continues. Another one of Trump's criminal associates. Birds of a feather. The profile of trumps selections are very disturbing.  The alarm is that Trump gets away with it. Also, no diversity on his staff at all. Shame
Can we start an anti Bolton think tank?! Now who wld be good to chair it....,hmm
That's why he was hired.
John Bolton is a conspiracy theorist now involved with our national security.
Good.
Muslims create and implement anti christian tactics daily. P.S. muslim is a religion not a race.
No shit!!!
This country has a wealth of really smart young people. Why do we have so many
old fools like John Bolton screwing up our country?
Sounds like a man that understands threats to our country
Scum
this is bad stuff; and betsy devos whos neither educated nor an educator chairing education about to gut student loans
I’m sure that won’t shape his views...
Another racist clown  to join Trump’s circus. Research Gatestone Institute to see just how bad this is.
At least the Christian dogma doesn’t live proudly within him.
I'll say it again. Bolton looks like KFC's Colonel Sanders.
All you need to talk about is how he is going to protect our country!!!
Does that include AIPAC?
You know, your inability to cover anything Trump in a neutral manner used to really bother me. Then I realized that it’s paying big dividends for the #MAGA cause. Please, keep it up. Be loud & be proud. Thank you for your work to get Trump re-elected! 
Try reading some of the dispatches sent out by John"Let's bomb everyone"Bolton's anti-Muslim group. It'll make you nauseous if you share American values rather than white supremacist thinking.
You know Katy, the vast majority of victims of Islamic terrorists are Muslim.
Sometimes I just get tired of seeing all these old, white faces.
Katy Tur sides with Islamists.  How lovely.
#EvilNedFlanders
“Everything I don’t like is bigoted”
Flush this turd!
He’s a racist joke, what the hell is he doing anywhere’s near the white house
He will fit in well @realDonaldTrump White House.
I don’t believe you
You really are all in, aren’t you?  Opposing Islamic fascism isn’t the the same thing as being anti-Muslim.  Or are you saying they’re one and the same?
Now why am I not surprised? Damn them all.

It’s ironic how unbalanced he is for such an accomplished slug balancer.
Sorry, but John Bolton looks like he smells of feet and cabbage. And THAT'S just the mustache!
It's not what he looks like it the person you don't want to mess with!!!

Because they are not nuts like you
How can any think tank be anti-anything?  No thinking is occurring when you have already come to a conclusion.
No, anti extremist think tank. Anti-civilization think tank, anti equality think tank. Do you not see the malevolence of sharia mandates?
Nothing matters, our collective souls continue to endure this ungodly assault.
All that’s wrong in humanity
Since there is no confirmation process for an NSA, it does not matter. If we could  change the rules and have the NSA go through senate confirmation, then it would matter.
Say it ain’t so
He Johnny B. Crazeeman also is a Huuge fan of French President Macron as well. Like Frency Lepew and Penelope 
What a crew!  Lol
Is anyone surprised?
got milk?
This is a surprise?
And we r surprised?
Unbelievable, but doesn't surprise me. Does Trump deliberately hire the worst people?
This and his cleansing of intel posts are horrifying to watch.
A hit piece by Katy? Shocking!
Oh Katy I know your feet probably smell so sexy right now I want your feet on my face right after you walk on my back I would clip your toe nails with my teeth. Your man can’t do it like me
Is that an opinion or a fact?
Fun times.
perfect
False.
So it’s anti-Muslim to report on the atrocities that they commit?
Russia. Again.  I’m so tired of everyone in Trump’s Administration having some kind of Russian tie.  It’s ridiculous. And why have The Mercers been the ones bringing most of them in? Are the Mercers actually Russian agents?
Katy....you are really pathetic.
Its not like his renting a van and plowing into innocent civilians on the sidewalk.
Shocker!

@GatestoneInst Here you go.
Katie, Gus Hall, Brennan 1980
O f**** they're in trouble
You@mean he’s another bigot. He’ll fit in perfectly next to Birther Trump.
He just looks like a mean ol man
Of course he was...y wouldnt he??? Did anyone have any doubts this douch bag had anything and everyrhing to do qith anything and everything with anything predjuditial that this administration does or partakes in!?!?!?
Lol, Do you ever rest? Love ur work & ur a enjoy to watch
How is this bad news when the MUzzies are dangerous?
If it wasn't true that #JournalismIsDead along with integrity from progressives, you wouldn't describe it as anti-Muslim, and your sheep followers wouldn't swallow it whole.
Yes he’s another spoke on the Racist Trump WhiteHouse Wheel
"Someone published something so that makes it true!"

- Everyone in this thread
No surprise here.  These pigs don't even try to hide their bigotry anymore.
I think Toronto might want to drum up the same think tank after today’s terror attack. Maybe we should ban vans.
Why do all old racist white guys look like theyre in desperate need of an industrial strength laxative?
Mentioning that terrorism is a problem in the Muslim World is not being Anti-Muslim in itself. It is noticing reality. If I point out that Drug Gangs are a problem in Mexico, I am not being Anti-Mexican.
CAIR ? A front for terrorist organizations? This is who you’re defending?
Where is his mouth?
shocker, huh?
Good for John9
Curious, why you would say that?
Well thank god someone is preserving the government from infiltration.
Hopefully it's not too late!!
U.S. Admiral James Lyons"ACE" testifies TRUTH that ALL Americans NEED to hear.
#Resist #TheGreatAwakening #ObamaGate #MAGA #Qanon #FactsMatter
Lol facts = anti muslim ...hilarious...
“Anti-Muslim."
#Liberal stupidity will never surprise me.
Makes me like him more
SO
Was that after he-chaired the He -man woman haters club  and the throw grandma off the cliff club?
Fake News from a fake journalist.
So shocking!
Looks like a Damn fool jackass
Sorry, I can't focus enough to get past John Bolton's mustache.
At least his mustache looks remorseful
How about you report some real news?
So what?
Facts are now “anti”
Something stinks.  It smells like desperation.
Muslims are bad
You're sick
…right b/c only your views are moral/correct?

Liberals need to get the message they have no authority whatsoever to suggest only their “way” is right.

That goes for conservatives too, it’s why we have a republic and hold elections.

ACCEPT THE ELECTION!
So what! Was it really anti-Muslim or anti Muslim extremists? Before you condemn the man get all the facts you left-wing stooges!
I'm guessing you got the gig because you have great legs, @KatyTurNBC, because it sure couldn't have been based on intellect.
Said the knuckle-dragging Trumpanzee
Must be a Siberian bot
Virginia bot.
My hope is that Trumps crimes take all these disgusting people down with him.
Gang rapes, sexual groping, acid attacks and knifings??? Increased like crazy throughout Europe. Hmmm?
@KatyTurNBC is a turd!!
@realDonaldTrump attracts slime like a damn magnet.
He looks like pure evil incarnate.
No he doesn't! He looks like a man that want take any shit!! It to bad all you wobble heads can talk about is looks!!! Poor souls.
How about Toronto today?!
Reading the responses from your followers, I'm alarmed by the lack of brain cells in this country.
Awesome
I’ll take “What is the least surprising bit of news I’ve heard this month?” for $800 Alex.
As a Muslim this got me like
And your a small cog in a giant #nevertrump jalopy what’s your inteligentless point that’s seems to mirror every other self righteous imbecile that festers their judgements on here.
Latest lies and propaganda from @NBCNews

I love it when the "chosen" people virtue signal on behalf their ancient mortal enemies.
So ur for @CAIRNational and there Hlf funding and connections to terrorists and founded by Hamas. Wow
Obama tried to install the Muslim brotherhood to lead Egypt.  how’d that work out?
Propaganda and pure BS.
Really????
As they all took their seats, to begin the "think tank", crickets could be heard as not one present could form an idea of any kind.
History repeating itself in America. #fascism #Nazi
You're aware that the Muslims sided WITH the Nazis in history?
Milk Mustache !
Old White Geezers Club is what this picture reminds me of! Truth be told; they do not represent the ever changing diversity in America. They are desperately trying to preserve an America (MAGA) that looked like them when they were kids. Exclusion of others was wrong then and now!
America didn't look like them when they were kids. It's always had a blend of characters, of nationalities, of cultures.

They're just racist old men.
I'll settle for that too.
Bolton does not like Muslims at all so look out Muslims the hate is come from trump and Bolton and their follower.sad.
Anyone surprised?
And?
He will for right in with the Trump Administration!!
Can someone PLEASE take 45 out. He is exhausting our country with bla, bla, bla drama!! He needs to resign...........NOW
All the more reason to like him because of course it wasn’t anti-Muslim but anti-the violent culture
General Kelly and VP Pence probably knew about it and said nothing..Dumber & Divider in chief supporters are they
Charming
Wow, you mean Bolton had jobs other then growing an incredibly thick mustache?
Ted Kennedy was a part time man-slaughterer too.
Clinton was a part time rapist.
Stating facts makes you anti-Muslim apparently.
@NBCNews is out of control promoting their leftist agenda
Of course he did.
He was part the Bush White House during 911.  That should tell you enough about how uneducated he is regarding threats to the US.  They didn't  get it right  then and they won't get it right now.
Racism
A bigit....
Oh great. Just what we need.
#degenerates

Clown, Islam is still the fastest growing religion in the world. Nothing him or anyone else can do about it, suck it up!
Surprised??
THINK TANK?????
WTF?!!?
He's definitely a throwback.
That’s cute
How do you think he got the job?
Great #mags vetting!!
Bolton isn't that old but he looks terrible.  Its what's on the inside that counts and shows.

Are you surprised???
No after-life virgins for him. Rejoice.
Trump continues to hire the unemployable.
You are such a sad excuse for a human being!!!
CNN & MSNBC ARE THE MILLI VANILLI OF FAKE NEWS  !!!!!
Stop trying to smear normal, career diplomats.
considering what, 10 people lost their lives in Toronto today due to a guy carrying out orders of his worship book?   If it is true...so what
Pretty desperate hit piece
Why wasn’t this news in 2013....2014....2015???
Bolton is one evil man with lots of blood on his hands!
Thank goodness Trump is President
Katy Tur gets the most unethical journalism award

Chalk that one up to #notshocked
You mean the one that ran over people in Canada? You're anti American. Anti Christian anti America FIRST
I'm still waiting for the swamp to be drained...they must need a plumber....smh
