He is completely unhinged this morning. He’s screaming lies at the @foxandfriends clowns like a lunatic. Time for a Xanax. #ShitShow #RacistInChief
I am very upset about the @chucktodd  thing.  Had no idea that was an anti Semitic term.  Unacceptable from a president.
I honestly do not get his obsession with Chuck
Sounds stressed - lucky to have WH MD (GOAT) around at times like this. 
#pagingdrjackson
And, sadly, many can’t see the hypocrisy.
Chuck Todd for President, anyone?
He doesn’t think before he talks. He just rambles like an old man with dementia.
He has special abilities we mere mortals lack
Dr. Ronny gave him his two scoops of Vicodin early, I see.
A delusional liar
Poor fella needs a Pop-Tart and a nap.
For there to be any pro-Trump voices, he’d have to do something positive and least-ways human, or honest.

That’s never gonna fucking happen.

#illegitimatepresident #treasonweasels #anembarrassmenteverydamnedday #VoteThemAllOut #Traitors 

#BlueTsunami
Trump is flocking nuts.
Lazy even when he lies. Sad. No stamina! Just a sad old man.
You think he pays people to watch and report back to him or does he dvr and watch everything like a crazy person?

those voices are less anti-Trump than they are pro-America.
What us he on??!!
He continues to unravel. Sick. Congress & news orgs need to drill down on his mental health.
 EXECUTIVE TIME!!!!
The biggest anti trmp voice is really tantrump himself.  Every tweet is anti trump.
I did not think he could out do his tweets til that fox interview yesterday.  Uh, gbye mr prez, we know u r busy...
listening to trump's tone ...dizzying, over-wrought, trying to hard, desperate.
too
And?
He can't remember the lies he told yesterday so he gets flustered
I’m not sure what it’s going to take for you guys to realize he’s just a stupid, senile racist liar and has been his entire life (except the senility).

Honestly, every day you all wake up and give him a clean slate. I don’t know why.
OMG!! Unhinged! Hate is seeping from his pores...

Is he still hurling anti-Semitic slurs at Chuck?
His brain is broke

I know right!!!!
Multiple personalities that refuse to ‘play nice.’
What a hoot huh?
in trump's case, inconsistency the hobgoblin of small mind
He's a clown.

He's Manic

#MoodStabilizer
#Trump
He makes another anti-Semitic slur against Chuck Todd 
This is how expects the media to behave in front of him 
Panic mode.
