Thomas Roberts, host of the 2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow, confirmed to The Daily Beast that Trump was in Moscow for one full night and at least part of another. https://www.thedailybeast.com/miss-universe-2013-host-thomas-roberts-confirms-trump-stayed-overnight-in-moscow/ …
Photos of Trump with his one tweets confirm this.
Credibility.  How ironic is it that an ordinary citizen in the course of his work (no disrespect) is more credible the the President of the United States @realDonaldTrump
As one Marylander to another, your clear confirmation is deeply appreciated.  Thank you, Thomas.
Why should the lies he's told about being in Moscow be any different than the tens of thousands of lies he's told since beginning his run for the presidency.
I wonder if anything is gonna be done for him lying under oath?
Trump’s a liar, again. It would be easier to track truths out of that vulgarian’s mouth.
Oh sure. Maybe he went home every night. I bet he did that.
There's no goal without purpose and there's no risk without reason.. I can help you build a life without financial problems just by investing in binary options.Make as much as $2970 with an investment of $500,Success is only for risk takers and those willing to excel.
Awwww hell... Trump got some splaining to do. That's at least 36 hours...
BOOM!
So, @realDonaldTrump lied to Comey, who was the FBI Director. Lock @realDonaldTrump  up!
Just a sarcastic excuse our leader has used incorrectly before.
I have often said: American despot Donald Trump crafted his campaign strategy in 2013/2014 fully intending to engage his money-laundering beneficiary Russian strongman Vladimir Putin's Soviet Cyberwar against the USA as a wily tool to support his candidacy. This will be proven.
If Trump didn’t spend the night, that’s a hell of a commute.
Do you have anything on that?

@FoxNews @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCnews @cnn @cnni @cnnbrk @CNNOpinion @politico @nytimes @latimes @DailyCaller @DRUDGE_REPORT @CNBC @WSJ @WashingtonPost @MSNBC
Lordy, Putin has tapes!
Is that our Thomas Roberts ?
Wonder how trump will  spin Thomas  statements
Hmmm
i am surprised people forgot this. You talked about all the time on @MSNBC
Correct Trump lies about everything every day
Thomas, come back on our teevees, America misses its perfect amalgam of Superman AND Clark Kent
Didn’t he smell like Moscovite urine to you?
Ready the umbrellas!
Did he smell funny at any of those?
what is that called.. when the first impulse is to lie?  sociopath .. that's it .
Why the hell in NOV
Block the morons-my favorite thing to do, eventually I'll have blocked all the Trump supporters
Oopsie. I guess he 'forgot' the minor detail of many people seeing, interacting with Trump at all points throughout that trip.

That you are part of the MSM 'fake' news is just sweet irony.

#BodySlamTruth
That’s right Thomas, put it all on the table so Trump will try to weasel his way out, the habitual  liar! We miss u on MSNBC!
Thank you for using REAL FACTS. 🖒🖒🖒
Flight records illuminate mystery of Trump's Moscow nights https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-23/flight-records-illuminate-mystery-of-trump-s-moscow-nights … … #GoldenShowers #hannity #foxnews #maga #draintheswamp #millennials #theresistance #TrumpColluded #CohenFlipped
PS, .. yes we miss yeah Tom!
Remember folks , trump supporters do not believe in facts, no matter what factual evidence is provided they still will support him and his lies .A disgrace total disgrace.
When one lie falls apart, the rest begin to unravel.
So atleast 2 nights!

Wouldn’t this be 2 nights?
Why aren’t you on MSNBC?
We miss you, Thomas!
Come back to MSNBC!!!
Please don't tell me trump did the pee pee tape on November 10th which is the Marine Corps Birthday. Please say he did not disrespect the people sworn to protect him and this great country by doing the pee pee tape.Please!
We need you back on MSNBC
Missing you.
You know what this tweet has? GRAVITAS.
Honestly if you really want the truth listen to anything Trump says and the truth is the exact opposite.
@FBI
Good Job !!!
Thank you, Thomas.  I miss seeing you on MSNBC.
"Some stories are true that never happened." Elie Wiesel
Unless he teleported back to the States every night, it looks like he stayed in Moscow for at least 2 nights
—with @SethAbramson
So what ?
#Trump Lied to #Comey About #Moscow Trip. This Could Help  #Mueller #TrumpWasInMoscow #TrumpRussia   #PeePeeTape
Keith Schiller confirmed this in his testimony.
When speaking of golden showers, those sorts of things don't just have to happen over night.
#anotherlie proven
Why not last year? Or has the press ignored it until now?
Where is #peepeetape
Get ready for the barrage of hate and threatening tweets!!
& I’m sure he flew back home each night, and back to Moscow every morning, for 3 days straight... right? 
Two flies on toilet seat...one flew away...why?

The other got pissed off...
Damn, you are missed!
Con Don, he’s just deplorable.
.@realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar. And @gop is complicit in enabling him. #VoteGOPout #BlueTsunami2018
Thank You.
To whom did you confirm these dates? Is his name Bob Mueller?
OH Surprise surprise ! ! !  Trump LIED, again. And he met and knew Putin because their daughters vacationed together and have pictures..
It sucks to be @realDonaldTrump.
Actually, it sucks to be American right now, because of trump. He alone created this problem due to his constant lying.  He's playing victim to the circumstances he created, and yet he still has his followers that believe every word he says.
I agree with everything you said, with one big exception; I like many others take pride in being American. We stand together and fight for our values and believe in our democracy and what our nation stands for.
“I posted a comment on Trump’s Twitter asking when he was coming to  Moscow,” Alferova, an elegant brunette, recalled in an interview at a  tower restaurant in the Moscow-City business district. Trump retweeted my post and responded, ‘On November 9.’”
Thank you Sr. for telling the truth. And for your donation
The interview was also filmed on the 9th, the same day as the press conference.
#Trump's own tweets confirm he enjoyed that weekend in #Russia

#twittersearch 
from: @RealDonaldTrump since:2013-11-07 until:2013-11-12 

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/399171340042661889 … …

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/399179993789374464 … …

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/399729261684490240 … …

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/399939505924628480 … …
@AgalarovAras   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
Can we get a clarification on the social interactions on the 10th. Were they during the day or early morning?
Why did he also do the interview on the 9th, if he was there on the 8th?
I love your answer to the question, "has Mueller interviewed you?"
You replied, "no comment."

Can you at least tell us if you smiled/grinned while replying? 
This is falling apart quick:
I wonder why Politico only mentions Trump schedule for the day of the pageant? Why would he tour Moscow on the day of the show if he was there the day before? This is not passing a basic smell test.
Lol weakest fucking "defense" I've ever seen.
You'll be happy to see this, then.. 
#FakeNews debunks itself.
“See, he came on November 9, worked all day, partied all night, and left. I am not even sure if he spent the night at the Ritz,” Alferova insisted.
must have been really difficult to find someone in Moscow to tell a lie .. no, wait ..
ps, miss seeing you on tv

Get em!!!
Did you see Trump buy an umbrella?
Why did you claim Trump arrived "arrived late in Moscow", hinting that he missed a meeting with Putin? It's ironic that Bloomberg noted no delays in the flight from Asheville, North Carolina.
Did the late flight also throw off your meetings? That had to be tough rescheduling him back in.
Why did he have to spend the night? People have sex during the daytime and cheating is sometimes when opportunity presents itself. DJT through that out there so people would have to debate the “spend the night”.
#TrumpCrimeFamily strikes again and again and again.....
Now can you decipher that a bit clearer?
Show the interview you did with Trump in Spring of 2016.
I don't understand why people - well, Trump in particular - lie about such demonstrably false matters. I guess because I still have a sense of shame. And remember when hypocrisy was a serious character defect.
Just want to see the tape DJT caught in his lie!
Oh Lordy, the pee pee tape. Nothing in the dossier has been disproven...many things have been factually confirmed. #trump #onenightinmoscow #PeePeeTape #putin #dossier #cohen #christophersteele

Everybody else lies. Except Trump. One needs to believe everything he says.
Interesting. Unfortunately, the only people that find this important sniff glue in between “edibles.”
And to think this all started because he hired Flynn (the bad guy) and fired Comey (the good guy).  
Don't worry Thomas. All intelligent people know Kyle is hysterically full of shit.
Your presence on the air is missed.  Be well.
You socialized too?
Were you wearing waders?
Asking for a friend.
#peetape
Wonderful that you could help, Thomas. Miss you on MSNBC.
Still he could have flew the 18 hours & twenty minutes round trip each day. -Every single Trump supporter, & I do mean #every #single #one. -#MAGA 
Still he could have flew the 18 hours & twenty minutes round trip each day. -Every single Trump supporter, & I do mean #every #single #one. -#MAGA
So Trump was in Moscow back in 2013
Thank you, Thomas Roberts.

Truth is such a beautiful thing.

Especially when dealing with the likes of malignant narcissist & compulsive liar Donald J. Trump. 

May his own poison tongue be his final downfall.
Did Trump appear to be on something? Specifically something that would keep him awake for 72 hours or so?
OMG the President LIED! AGAIN! (How do they write this crap in the 2050 HS American History textbooks?) @SRuhle @SmartOne8927
And for your honesty I'm sure he will condemn you in some manner
Why did you wait until someone asked you?
So @realDonaldTrump DID have time for a piss party.
4/25/18....but, but, says 
   not true........
Total *one-way* flight duration from Moscow, Russia to New York, NY is 9 hours, 52 minutes. I think this may clear up any thoughts, from anyone, who believed he was flying back and forth each night.
Miss you on TV Thomas!
Thomas Roberts rocks #ThomasRobertsRocks
Tick, tick, tick. Hear that @realDonaldTrump? The clock is ticking on you and your sham businesses. It won’t be long now.
Oh so he flew back to NYC EVERY NIGHT
When you have receipts, there’s no way in hell Trump can deny this.
ruh roh...this oughta earn you at least one “third-rate reporter” rage-tweet

Are you sure it was Donald and not John Barron? 
It’s very possible that it was Louie Anderson
Geeze I miss you
Lines up perfectly!!!! He was there 8-10th and then tweeted out his thank you on the 11th. Trump is a pathological liar and is CAUGHT AGAIN!
Outstanding
To be clear... I miss you on my tv
where the pee tape at
Isn't this all classified?  Please tell the world you didn't release freaking classified material!  And if it's not classified, it will be tomorrow.  Where's the loyalty dude
Why would it be classified?
Just a sarcastic excuse our leader has used incorrectly before.
Ah sorry. We really need a sarcasm button.
Why didn’t you confirm this years ago??
Miss you on MSNBC!
Those are fake Trumps you must’ve dealt with after the first night.
What’s the difference?
The truth, vs lies.  That’s the difference 
Well alrighty then.
The after party for Miss Universe began at 1am Moscow time on what was then Sunday, Nov 10. Flight records show Trump went wheels up from Vnukovo airport at 3:58am, less than 3 hours later. When did you interact with him on Nov 10?
So I guess we can only conclude that @realDonaldTrump lied.  Shocking.
Perhaps Dumpf flew home each night?!?
@realDonaldTrump seems you lied to the Director of the FBI
Meaning what?
Thomas, can you confirm if @chucklabella was at each of those interactions??? 

Ps. Thank you for speaking out, America deserves the truth.
Thank you Mr. Roberts!
..same thing

Trump says "golden shower" couldn't have happened because he didn't stay overnight. That's a proven lie, so you can bet it happened!
Because golden showers only happen at night?
IMPORTANT:  To date, not one salacious story from the Steele dossier has been disproven. Not one.  

Notta.
How about confirming the times you met with him on those dates? There are people on twitter who will totally believe he flew home and back each day without proof otherwise.
Don’s cult won’t believe anything,they only believe his lies!
Yes all those LIES about lower employment and tax breaks for over 89% of working America .OH wait those are true and SO much more. Well I'm sure Hillary could have done as well for my 401K hiding in the woods right Elaine? The ONLY cult in here is your cognitive disconnect Finn.
How is Gorsuch a BLOTUS accomplishment? EXPLAIN... the GOP REFUSED to vote on Obama’s candidates... can you be any more obtuse? Plus he voted down Chumley’s travel ban...
I miss watching you!
Trump had no time to sleep with so many Golden Showers taking place, pageant interviews, dinner, walking through the girls dressing rooms. For once Trump is telling the truth. He did not sleep in Moscow !
Trump doesn’t know what truth means, thanks for playing, try again.
Another Lie
Jury instructions:"if you decide that a witness did not tell the truth about something important, you may choose not to believe anything that witness said."
Bloomberg released travel records.
Lyin' Little Hands is hooked.
Holy Shizzbags!

Flight records obtained by Bloomberg.…
I miss you on 
Make sure we keep @ donnie @realDonaldTrump
Miss you and hope I get to see you on my TV again soon.
@KatyTurNBC
Thank you sir. Lying to the FBI is a crime
Mr. Trump...
God, don't you hate it when everyone catches you in another lie.
Why you lie, Mr @realDonaldTrump?
Is there a reason no one ever asked you?
What is this Thomas?? What has happened??
Trump lied about staying in Moscow. 
Thomas basically just body-slammed him with the truth.
Unusual astrology line-up across those dates! Uranus 9 Aries, Pluto 9 Capricorn, Chiron 9 Pisces. If it was the 'birth' of a deal between Trump and Russia, that deal was born under a very bad sign. It will be tested when Saturn goes to 9 Capricorn. Which is now.

Thank you for you bravery and your integrity. Something that is sincerely lacking these days.   Bravo!
Can u imagine what tiny fingers was doing to those gals. Yijes
I remember when, one day in your show, you said that someday you would speak about DT and Moscow! #neverforgot #missyou

Got receipts
Liars gonna lie, but witnesses gonna witness!
Well put.

You should have known better than to get in bed with that oaf.
Thanks for the TRUTH! @ThomasARoberts also, for being
There!
And you’ve known this for how long? Yet said nothing?
Maybe Mueller knows  Roberts has always struck me as a good catholic school kid. I can't imagine him lying. I don't even say that about my kids.
Have you taken a lie detector test? As if we will accept a Hillary flunky's lies.
Why personally attack the man? Oh, I know - it’s because all the facts point to @ThomasARoberts telling the truth. Trump lied. His bodyguard testified that he spent the night and flight records prove it. Question is: why did Trump lie? 
Flight records illuminate mystery of Trump's Moscow nights https://bloom.bg/2HphO2f  
Oh boy, Mueller's got him now.
Thomas, we miss you.
Miss you!
Cough, cough, bullshit, cough.
I'm sure Donald flew back to the U.S. every night...
Ha, really his bodyguard disagrees with you!
Spill the tea! Gays alone will save Democracy!
Gays and porn stars!
I was wondering where you were on this!! Thanks for clarifying.
Have you been interviewed by the Special Counsel or by the FBI?
He said 'no comment'. That probably means yes.
So basically you are saying you saw him on all three days and can confirm he spent at least two nights in Moscow?
He was at Nobu Moscow 8th, miss universe the 9th and I believe after party on the 10th
Good job Thomas
