Yes again @RepAdamSchiff for standing  up for us. As always. 
Dump all the Intel. We're big boy & girls..we can take it. It seems the "so called secrets" everyone is keeping are personal details of gross malfeasance and corruption, not keeping us safe. We've been appalled before. We survived Watergate. Dump it! Dump it all! 
I would think it’s our right to do so! Thank you Adam Schiff for your tireless efforts on behalf of the American people!
 the more you read, the clearer it becomes this was a deep state hit job executed by FusionGPS.
Last time Schiff came out against the Republican memo

It was a disaster for Democrats,
This is a ridiculous point of view.

here we go again... republicans playing games again
@msnbc I think you stepped in some Schiff.  Might want to wash it off.
What happened to releasing the Dem’s memo?
Adam just release them yourself, you’ll be an instant hero and then run for potus in 2020’!
That transparency would be lovely. We, the public, would love more insight into how the GOP members "found no evidence" of collusion. Although - wouldn't you have to be looking? Asking for a friend.
Please just release them @RepAdamSchiff .
Wow where has he been.  Oh thats right no evidence.  Silly me
@DevinNunes has used his chairman position to give COVER for @realDonaldTrump. This is no REPORT built on complete facts. It’s another attempt to muddy the Political Waters. The goal;  Protect GOP and @realDonaldTrump at any cost even our Countries Democracy

Just release them rep. Schiff. The republicans are releasing anything they want. I think it’s time to install deep throat.
@HouseIntelComm  Obstruction:  deliberately make (something) difficult. @GOP
Anything Republicans say can almost certainly be dismissed as blatantly dishonest or at least seriously fudged.  We know they’re protecting Trump at the expense of their country.  Shame on them.
Release them!
We would have been way behind if Adam Schiff had not been telling us about the inner workings of the dysfunctional House Intel Com.
And it would’ve been nice if Republicans would’ve conducted an investigation with an open mind, rather than a close minded, protect Trump at all cost mindset! #MTPDaily #MeetThePress #MTP
Because the Half-Ass (Republican) House committee  investigation assessment is a farce
#ReleaseTheTranscripts!
Absolutely!!
He knows perfectly well the transcripts are PACKED with classified methods and personal names and CAN'T be released 

He's just Grandstanding again
Remember "No methods or sources" in his memo that had to be redacted so much, that the page was black?
Yes, the son of @georgesoros, who is his brother in law, is probably threatening to withhold funding for the campaigns of @AdamSchiffCA and others like him, if they don't get @POTUS @realDonaldTrump destroyed.
Schiff wouldn't make a pimple on our Presidents a**
Because Trump's ass is yuuuuuuuuge.
... and the public knows that your FOS and there was no COLLUSION
No, they don’t know that!
Well, after a year and a half THEY/Y'ALL SHOULD KNOW....
Good do you know?
What are we gonna read?? Prove all your theories by end of week Adam. You've had plenty of time.
Adam's the best...We pray for him always!
Can we read the attempts Schifty made to try and secure naked pictures of Trump through a Russian?   How about that?  Hello anyone?  Keep burying your collective heads.  America is laughing.
Every time a Republican is involved in reading additional intel briefings/FISA warrents, they decide to resign or retire early (ex: Chaffetz, Gowdy). What does that tell you?
And all that work produced....no collusion.

"House Intelligence Committee." A bigger oxymoron than "jumbo shrimp."
#ReleasetheTranscripts

Oh, hell yeah!
Won't happen unless Dems take control of the House.
Countdown to Adam Schiff leaking nonsense to his MSNBC buddies
242 televised interviews with Schiff since 1-20-17.
hey, if Bob Mueller doesn't have any problems with releasing them, then
I've been following you and some of your colleagues and feel so badly that you are the honest reps. Working to protect and serve us while you have a self serving leader of your committee who is only out for a cabinet job. Nunes is in Trump's spell. He is the best manipulater.
Has to be frustrating.  How the House works today.  Not so when I was a young staffer and we had icons like Tip O'Neill and Phil Burton.

Do you mean a lot of the BS we’ve been fed?
You mean he hasn’t leaked them yet? Now there’s something different.
That republican controlled Hse Intelligence Cmte couldn't find a cow in Texas in
Lying Schiff

They did that before. What a joke that was.
Russia didnt convince me that Hillary was bad, she sucked and i wouldnt have voted for her years ago.
what is it specifically that she sucked at?
Her lack of leadership on Benghazi and blaming a video that i actually watched months before the incident when it only had a few hundred views, and Russia had nothing to do with this.
All 360,000 pages and interviews. Because you couldn’t find it. If you had proof, you would leak it. You are a liar and leaker. Drain the swamp, start with Schifty
If Schifty has proof, you know he would leak it. Put up or shut up!  We are tired of your lies.
Good luck with that the republican house is stonewalling the investigation.Get out and vote these republicans out of office.
All of MSNBC, CNN, and these so called democrat’s lies are all going to come to light soon!
Dream on.
Now Adam schiff can fade to obscurity .
Or not!!

What a joke
Go away Adam Schiff you are a disgrace to America ! The Russian/ Trump collusion is over and it was nothing but a Democratic sham ! Clean up your own corrupt Democratic Party.... starting with Hillary Rodman Clinton !
Yes!
Good luck with that
Witch hunting, witch hunting & witch hunting!
And at MSNBC ....[cricket sounds]
Hoax , hoax & hoax!
Do it!!
Maybe Adam Schiff should stop being a democrat pit bull, but rather do the people business
You are so weak.

i don’t think we ever get to see them.
Release the transcripts of the Intelligence Committee's work, not just a dishonest report.
@MSNBC Remove Nunes

Thank you @RepAdamSchiff .  You're a Gentleman & a Scholar.

they work for us. release the documents.
By your leaks  but you were outsmarted. What happened at the hotel and the helicopter Schifty? 
Where are the children?
Crap
