
Can I just say he is an embarrassment to the whole state of WV ,#westbygodvirgina #almostheaven #heistoocrooked
This is one truly disgusting guy !
More quality GOP candidates
If he gets the nomination the @GOP will not back him. So here’s hoping he gets the nomination.
What??? Yes they will.
"You broght the fuckin' pamaranian bowling?"  that quote?
"It's a league game Smokey, It's a league game..."
But he’s a perfect match for the  in the people’s house and the #WVKKK.
STFU, Donnie?
I'm still betting that he still gets elected. Remember its West Virginia.
What do you think you know about West Virginia? Have you ever lived here, or are you relying on stereotypes? Serious question. 
I've spent lots of time in West Virginia. I have lots of family there and also have seen many of the politicians they have elected and the failures those same politicians have sadly let happen to a great state.
Fair enough. I appreciate your honest and thoughtful reply. It seems as though we are of like mind. Either way, I’m sending kindest regards. 
And I'm sure a lot of people will fall for this crap,the American people need to wake up these people are not good,stand up fight for your rights and protection,they are wealthy have everything they want, not us we struggle,and they keep taking away,stop them they are bad 29 dead
He also sued John Oliver, or tried to.
I believe you have the wrong coal baron, I believe that was Bob Murray.
My mistake, thank you!
And he’ll still get a substantial number of votes in his state.
If WV elects this crook, we should remove WV from the country. Build a wall around the state and isolate those lunatics from civilized society.
These are the deplorables that love Trump!  Despicable!
He’ll fit right in!
I bet he wins! West Virginia doesnt care if he kills them. They care about maintaining their feelings of racial superiority as they live in absolute disgusting squalor.
What do you think you know about West Virginia? Have you ever lived here, or are you relying on stereotypes?
I have been to WV several times. But I am not stupid enough to live in a place that no advocates or champions of the Trumptard party will even live in. They all live in CA and NY. Ever ask yourself why? They prefer thriving liberal cities with exclusivity. And so do I.
Well, admittedly...chinaperson is one step more pc than chinaman. At least he gender neutralized it.  LOL and Ugh.
Chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian American.....please....
I don't get it, he's a convicted felon, right? Not even permitted to vote under federal statute for the term of his parole, right? Has he fulfilled his sentence? How can he be a senator?
At least he used a gender neutral term.
And where is leadership with this individual? Same place they were with the nazi from the Midwest that’s running for Congress as we speak.
pure American sewer people.
I still don't understand how a convicted felon can even run for office!
A real winna!
@MRBig This is what we are trying to avoid. We will never be great with Prople like this around.
Doubt very seriously Elaine Chao or her husband care.
Also....dude...
This whole party is a Lebowski-esque farce. And also, dude... not the preferred nomenclature.
It seems that this administration has brought out the worst candidates for every vacancy. Seriously, 3 years ago, do u think we’d be seeing this?
Sounds like a potential replacement for Pruitt at EPA...
Blankenship is the definitive Trump Era disgrace
You “libruhl media” types and your insatiable desire to call out corruption, bigotry, and human rights abuses.
This will not stand, ya know, this aggression will not stand, man.
Only the best people.
China is not the issue here dude
You're too much of a big city girl to try to figure out West Virginia
Why are all these guys named Donnie......this is way too easy!
Charmed by fellow
This is a man who should still be in jail-for lifeanybody who votes for him cares nothing about the safety of miners.
Sounds like president material to me.
Don't be surprised when he wins the party nomination
STFU Donnie!
Does he support Donald Trump?
Say what you will, at least it's an ethos, Dude?
This aggression will not stand?
Dude, the Chinaman is not the issue here!
No surprise.
The GOP must be tickled pink with this creep.
As despicable as this pus gutted douche bag is, I could in spite support him vs blow with the wind DINO Joe Manchin.  #noleadership  #BlueWaveComing
But Hillary. Or Pelosi. Or Obama.....
I can't believe this criminal clown has been allowed to get this far. The mining disaster should have been the end of it.
Separated at birth.
Dude , really ?
Evil guy
Yep.. everything is normal. Republicans are so awesome aren't they?
Sounds like a perfect guy to replace Ed Schultz on MSNBC.
I live in Southern West Virginia and I was under the impression this man was hated for all he has done, but honestly from what I hear and see, he just might win. Also it sucks big time to live in TRUMP country
We’re taking about drawing a line in the sand, Dude, ACROSS THIS LINE YOU DO NOT also, Dude, Chinaperson is not the preferred nomenclature, Asian American, please
I think it means he is in the right party.
a)...should stay in Vegas
b) Extra points
c) Did he mean 'Chinaman'?
Donny was a good man and a good bowler
He's acts like a crook and a thug and he doesn't care who knows it.
1. He lives in England
2. It’s wafer-thin
3. His name is Mr Creosote 
IOW Trump's base will love the guy.
Here we go, #NeverAgainMSD @davidhogg111 @Emma4Change Head's up!
He probably thought he was being “woke” for not calling him a “chinaman”.
Ahhhh, the new GOP.....
Sus like he is a @GOP shoo in...
*sounds
He looks like a f#@&!ng loser.
Hey at least I’m housebroken
As a WVian, it makes me sick that 1.He is allowed to run 2. People are supporting him. This state is so backwards.
Morrissey is no better. He moved just inside the WV border to be able to run for AG. His campaign ad says he wants to "blow up Washington", although he worked there until carpetbagging to WV and his wife still does.
Ever thus to deadbeats, Lebowski


“8 year olds dude”
The best people
Shhhhhhh... let him win the primary.
#nomenclature
Turns out, you can judge some books by their covers....this little milieu says quite a lot.
We're not talking about a guy who built the railroads here
The Chinaperson is not the issue, Dude!!!

Donny, you're out of your element (prison)
correct form: chinapersyn
chinax

Since it’s a Lebowski kinda day
She owes money all over town, man
She wants more! Gotta feed the monkey lol
No no you’ve got it wrong, see- - - SHE’S the Dude! Or her Dudeness, or El Duderino if you’re not into the whole brevity thing
I believe the correct nomen ah never rmind you know it
This is the Republican Party.
I am in WV and have yet to hear anyone that is supporting him.   If he wins, I'm going to have a lot of questions.
