Disappointed in MSNBC. @KatyTurNBC just said to a guest who was talking about Sessions not recusing himself from Cohen case that they were told to back off that reporting!!!! There was no clarification like not yet confirmed.
In other words: journalism.
In other words, doing your job the right way. 

#Fistbump
Relax Yeah!
Seriously @KatyTurNBC ? If it's not confirmed, fine but the way you handled it was rude, more like a reprimand. Then you insult the panel mbr for "hijacking" the panel? Having a passive aggressive day?


If you've got a beer, drink it. Put on some Allman Brothers. Or Wolfman's. Just chill, dude.
Journalism much?
I heard from multiple unnamed sources there is a DOJ indictment in process with @KatyTurNBC name on it.

What is your reaction to this, Katy?

#MAGA  #Trump #tcot #NRA #2A #DeepState = #DOJ & #FBI
As in we have not confirmed it. And our justice reporters are trying to get it sourced. Relax. https://twitter.com/cozy1950/status/988899129521852416 …
That’s called good journalism. Keep up the good work!
Fox lies every day and people are complaining that MSNBC wants to verify stories. The sky is falling!
Yeah, guys, relax. @KatyTurNBC and the rest of the commentators on @MSNBC are responsible enough not to report on something they haven’t confirmed six ways to Sunday.
I was watching. You should have given this explanation at the time as your response was curt and even your guest @jpodhoretz, who was speaking, seemed taken aback. Yes #journalism! Totally agree. But this women’s take is valid.

Miz Tur-I'm a huge fan but u can b very sharp @ times;I was startld 2 hear u say that,too & not explain it further.Yr a world class journalist but could do w/some perspective;don't tell ppl "relax" when u haven't explaind yrself well.W/sincere respect,not tryna be snarky 2 u
Now you have to know the news before it happens!
Post reporter was a little taken back 
What is all this? Some sort of shady 'responsible journalism' so as not to be reporting 'fake news'? What are you guys up to?!??!?:)
Yikes. People get so personally involved with the MSNBC hosts as though they’re editing the news themselves. All the  Fox viewers do is break coffee machines and buy overpriced gold.
Katy Tur. As in I love ya
There’s a person who doesn’t even know who she is.
If it turns out to be true I hope like hell that @MSNBC  @NBCNews get their legal reporters on this STAT.  It can' be legal as the Cohen case is inextricably linked to the Russia probe.Side note:  
know you're frustrated but you could exhibit more patience w/viewers/followers.
Relax? Katy, I am a faithful viewer. We have questions. Please don’t be rude to your viewers. I’m stunned at this, actually.
Sageyhope?  You’re a bot.
no, I’m not. Sorry to disappoint you.
Why you IGNORING Joy Reid’s homophobia?
Hmmmm yea they jumped into the way back machine and hacked her past tweets. Lol man you all believe anything.
It was interesting to hear you say that on air, however thank you for explaining further. More importantly... why no more US Cities added to your Tur??? Australia before Colorado??? Come on :-)
On @Morning_Joe ...either Monday or yesterday, @JoeNBC to @morningmika , who is not afraid to speak up and tell the truth btw. 

“It’s your job” or “that’s your job”

Damn straight
Gee, a news source waiting for verification.
Tur and Msnbc do not report they gossip
I heard that. Relly disappointed. Waiting for rachael
Jeez talk about the “instant gratification” generation.... people know that info doesn’t just magically poof to reporters and they actually *gasp* have to do their work, right? Otherwise, don’t fact check, get something wrong and become “fake news”. Sad it has to be lose lose...


Your station has reported other stories that were not confirmed and prefaced the story saying "we have not confirmed".  That was the only reason I found it strange.
Love you
@Cozy1950 it's called sourcing. Any journalist worth their mettle won't run with someone else's story unless they can confirm it themselves.  Sad this has 2 b explained. used 2 b the norm. Yet, here we are. #PressOn
Sad that you haven't watched news if you think that is how it's done. EVERY news station, including MSNBC has always reported unconfirmed stories with the disclaimer that they were unable to confirm the story at that time. But thanks for your two cents. #PressOn
Smh...Tweets like these inform why our country is in such existential danger.
Sorry...their tweets, not yours...
R-E-L-A-X
We are incapable of relaxing. Haha.  Trump is President and he is worse than we ever thought he'd be.
Lol


Wow @katyturNBC is rude.
This is not Fox news.  Things are actually checked first.
Katy can you explain in short to your followers how Trump could Pardon Cohen when the case is a state matter ? We have asked other journalist with no reply’s this is confusing us!
It’s what’s known as responsible journalism and something to be applauded. We could all use more of “getting it right” vs. “getting it first”.
Thank you for being professional, and backing off when not yet confirmed
But usually you would say, "MSNBC has not confirmed the reporting".
Uh... If you watch the news it's not going to do anything for your brain if you have no clue how news works, Colleen. 
The problem with media today is that too many do "just report it" and then hope it works out to be true. Verifying is the thing that makes the source reliable, instead of just tabloid. "Some people are saying" is one line that gives away what you are about to her is just for fun.
Damn, people acting like @KatyTurNBC stole their tater tots. 

She is a real reporter, working with real reporters. Give the pros room to do their job professionally. In the age where real news is damned by the President, they NEED to be perfect, not quick.

This adequately displays why social media "reporting" is so easily subjected to false narratives. Seeking valid sources is considered covering up a story.
What you said & how you said it wasn't even confusing. NBC journalists weren't claiming to have confirmed the Sessions recusal.  That's it. Remove your tinfoil hats people.
Nice. Aaron Rodgers approved.
If you need to feel disappointed, the list of actually disappointing things is long ..and real  ..real disappointing;)
Please don’t tell people what to do Katy.
I think she’s well within her rights when they are coming at her in such a disrespectful manner.
She is within her rights it’s just tacky.
The only time Katy held back is while on Trump campaign, she acted all calm and smiled thru reporting until it was book sale time, then she had a story to tell. Haven’t trusted her since.
Everyone's too excited!! Re-LAX!! Deep breaths deep breaths!!
Omg. Someone with the Joy thing. Give it up
you tell her Katy
