Vive La France! I heart Macron. He reminds us what it is to be a democracy.
Scientists irked by mentions of Republicans
You could even say the GOP are blinded by SCIENCE!!
If a US policy doesn’t personally benefit republicans or their donor base, they have no interest in supporting it. Surely they realize their children and their decedents inhabit the planet? Or do they know something we don’t?
Or may need #science to build a rocket to escape to planet B
Republicans for years did’t like the idea of protecting our environment. This is not science fiction it’s reality. We don’t have another planet to go to. All you have to look at is the disaster that is Flint Michigan. What a GOP Governor did.
I just don't get the resistance to science by republicans...in all sincere seriousness, what's the issue?
Well, for many it flies in the face of their religious beliefs.
For others science & facts might put a dent in their/their masters' bottom line.
Good, because we are irked at the mention of their anti science positions.
*irked by facts
These same people run to the hospital for lifesaving intervention that medical SCIENCE affords them.
Of course the GOP is irked! They don’t understand science and it contradicts their quest of destruction to feed their greed! Science makes LIARS out of GOP!
cuz..SCIENCE!!! 
Handmaid's Tale .......coming to a country near you. Terrifying.
Can We trade Presidents with France... Macron for Trump and a player to be named later?
How about we just give them trump? With a no return policy of course.
Yeah....God forbid we start promoting learning stuff.
Macron was prepared to be President (unlike his host...)
So the doctors in congress who are republicans deny science. So how can they call themselves doctors. When did it become ok for doctors to deny science.
Oh the poor snowflakes  Science is sooo scary.
Science is a code word environment protection. GOP wants there supporters to be able to destroy the environment. We all remember Duke energy & dumping coal ash in the Dan river. They poison drinking water.
Flat earth society alive and kicking
Just the word science hurts their small brains.
Not surprising. There's a reason it was so easy for the grifting orange clown to take the party by storm.
God forbid anyone mentions science!
If these ideas of climate change and science are denied by republicans, it's not time to change policy...it's time to change republicans. They will deny us into an environmental catastrophe.
Those dang pesky facts always getting in the way.
It was amazing to watch that
It was amazing to behold
"Science" and "facts" are tools of educated people to make sound decisions and should be treated derisively when they conflict with what the GOP donors want.
The willful ignorance of republicans has become both an embarrassment and a danger to mankind.
For the good of the country and world here's to hoping that some day very soon the evidence-based and science believing majority will overcome the minority greedy, money-worshiping fantasy world @GOP. It will prevent much unnecessary suffering.
Heresy! The world is flat, God made everything in 6 days, there is no such thing as climate change brought about by our own greed and ignorance! #MAGA
It's awkward when you're partisan and you get taught or start to sense that something that you'd ordinarily be ok with is not on your side or something you should not be ok with IS on your side.
Corrupt republicans
Talk about easily irked snowflakes!!! GOP, the victimhood party, is really gonna hate what we say about them going into midterms.
How  do we move forward as a country/ planet when one party groans at the mention of science? @BillNye @neiltyson
Science, Gravity & Reality (not to mention vaginas) such pesky annoyances for #Republicans
Science is the litmus test Democrats need to counter Republican and their Fox News.

They should make use of the word at every opportunity.

Make Republicans defend their stance against science in front of CEOs and future voters.
Republicans irked by mentions of science http://www.businessinsider.com/republicans-irked-by-macrons-mention-of-climate-change-and-science-2018-4 …
Science is too hard for that not so grand ol party.
They gotta play to their ignorant base.  Sad.
Well @MikeBloomberg paid our share this year!  That’s a patriot and real billionaire
Good!
Science=Facts. GOP can't stand facts.
unbelievable that science could irk anyone they all need voted out!
That sentence should be from @TheOnion , but sadly it’s real. Everyday it’s more disgusting. Somebody call a timeout. Why are we letting this happen?
Science to them is equivalent to witchcraft
Republicans not fond of science.
GOP hate facts! 
LOL this headline
Science, aka facts, can be confusing.
That tells me more about the useless and corrupt GOP than Macron.  At least he has the "balls" to state the truth and the obvious.
