No doubt you’ve heard this many, many times over the years but Mr. Rather, you are #Awesome
Rather Awesome!
I feel like Rather awesome should be a term. I love it!

PS I’m probably stealing it. Thank you. 
Steal with wild abandon, my friend! 
I'll use it in a sentence for you Dan. Kanye West is a hot mess! 
Too much money. Lost his humility. (If he ever had any).
He married a Kartrashian.  Speaks volumes to marry someone who got famous for sleeping with someone semifamous..
So true. I always knew he was very superficial, he rapped about it.
Hears his voice changes the radio station or jits thumbs down if on pandora.. Hes garbage..
Yes, I liked his first album. After that, it's been downhill for me. Add to it his weirdness, and ultimately his choice of spouse ended it for me. Oh, and when he went after Jay & B. I felt bad about his breakdown, but he's been cut off. Now, he doesn't exists for me.

 Very. Hot. Mess.

 Stealing this!!
Here are 2,000+ curated anti-Trump memes to grab & share:
I wonder if the font was correct on the letter he learned it from. #DIAFDANRATHER
It’s sad state !
hot mess.
NOUN

a person or thing that is spectacularly unsuccessful or disordered, especially one that is a source of peculiar fascination.
Well... THAT sounds like tRump!
yup
“Hot Mess”: the original king of fake news known as Dan Rather who was fired & removed from the world of journalism in disgrace for knowingly writing & reporting a Fake News story about former President Bush.
Jeopardy teaches us all
Replace "nominee to head the VA" with "entire administration & ALL appointees" & you would be more on point 

Mr. Rather, we like to refer to 45 and his “legion of doom” as a hot ass mess. Yes the middle word is necessary where that group is concerned. It takes the term to a whole other meaning. 
Dan Rather is a washed up has been. Nobody cares what his views are. Nobody cares what he has to say.
No body cares about you@Kingpsyco1 a nobody Troll
And your wife!
I feel comfortable applying it to Spanky!
That term is applicable to Trump and his entire presidency.
Ok Dan “Grabher” not sure if you should be calling people a hot mess these days

Dan, it is an apt term for all things associated with #TheDonald...
The only way Dan would recognize a hot mess is if the mirror on his TelePrompTer was misaligned.


remember the time you made FRAUDULENT documents then presented them in a FAKE NEWS STORY to DISCREDIT REAL MILITARY SERVICE of George W Bush to all of America then it COST you your ENTIRE CAREER and CREDIBILITY FOREVER? that is the definition of HOT MESS. #FRAUD #JOURNALISTICHACK
You're awesome @DanRather
 That may have been the funniest Dan Rather tweet!
I think Trump's entire administration is the absolute definition of "hot mess"  Well, that and "dumpster fire."
#And that's a "nice" way of saying it! 
Just like your career you hack
Makes total sense that you would believe and support an absolute lie. So was Obama inept or corrupt for supporting him.
This tweet didn’t age well.
Hysterical!
And to @realDonaldTrump!  The HOTTEST BIGLIEST MESSIEST of the messes!
Dan you and I need to spend more time together so you can expand your vocabulary. Cause if we hung out together you would be turnt up. You do know what that means don't you? If not, call me!

I am sharing some Memes when you are just at a loss of words and want to get your point across! These are the times we live in...
Trump's official physician looked so clean-cut. The story of Dr. Jackson and Mr. Hyde.
As if you're not disgraced enough already Dan. Seek psychiatric help for your Trump Derangement Syndrome

#liberalismisamentaldisorder
I would say “hot mess” applies to every single person in Trump’s close knit party, especially when “revolving door” also applies.
Trump seems gifted with the Midas touch for hot messes.
Always young at heart!

hot mess is more like your hair
I totally fan-girled a reply and deleted. So how bout that VA mess thing, amirite? 

(*scream whispers* 
how are you so awesome!?)
@realdonaldtrump is a hot mess too
I would've thought it was standard Texan.
Its this administrations nickname
If even1 #veteran took the pistol out their mouth today cause they saw hope in asshats failing it was worth getting dirty 4..kept this  stain from selling out Americas warriors...
And the women he mess with are THOTS
Ben Carson is a hot mess.
Seeing you write the words “hot mess” = week made.   It’s my favorite phrase. 
Bless your heart.
Yes, siree. Very apt.
Ok then
I think I laughed harder than I should have
Very aptly applied!
Better late than never... I hope you learn more words from “urban dictionary” and use them soon!  #danratherislit
Hilarious 
Dan’s gettin’ jiggy with the lingo.
Right?! 10 years later... but hey!  
You are a National Treasure. Thank you.
I too am comfortable with that application Mr. Rather....I’d now like to see you use the term “dumpster fire” in reference to the trump administration...
Also, “Shit Storm”. 
"It's a mess to which heat has been applied" -Das Sound Machine
C'mon Dan. You knew what Hot mess means. It was the 2016 election.
You've been irrelevant for decades...
What does Connie Chung and Al Briganti think?  You ruined our CBS News with ur outrageous Ego ... Greetings from the 9th floor across the street
There is also a thing called a "hot buttered mess" which is even worse.
That would be a steaming hot mess,  sir.
Oh Mr Rather! Do miss you!
But I just want to hear you SAY it!
Go 'head, Dan Rather.  Now work with Trump has lost his monkey mind!
Or to just about anything Drumpf does, or says
Hilarious! LOL
You, who introduced me to so many witty metaphors and analogies, especially during your election night coverage, didn’t know what “hot mess” means?  I don’t believe you, Mr. Rather!
Cute, Dan.
That's a very polite way of stating it #TrumpsterFire
Uh oh Dan you looking for your invite to the cookout?
Wait.... I thought "Hot Mess" meant something good?
ALWAYS A HUGE FAN OF YOURS..
Better late than never
Oh yeah, yhought he was sweating lots
Everyone in Trump’s orbit is a hot mess. Or soon to become one.
LOL!
And remind us, Dan, why did you lose your anchor job?
Dan's got jokes!

You'll find endless applications across the administration.
Yes! 
Kanye = A flaming pile of  
No, Mr. Rather, that's too much. We prefer dignified Dan.

and EPA.
I think it applies to the entirety of the Trump age. #MayItBeShort
If you're saying that, than I don't think 'hot mess' means what I thought it meant.
Maybe you should check your pants if you want to know the real definition of the term "hot mess".
 LOVE you @DanRather
Trump’s call to Fox this morning was a hot mess.
Mr Rather, Another example & context.... “Everything Trump touches is a hot ass mess...“ #thugsinthewhitehouse  @rufuslynx32
That term can be applied to the entire administration
Fixed that for ya
Honestly, you could easily apply it to the entire Trump administration.
Can I just say, sir, I have loved you from afar in a totally circumspect way my entire life, but never more so than since reading this tweet!!!! 
Lol. I love you Mr. Rather!
He had a perfectly good VA commissioner so, of course, he had to get rid of him. Now he's going to appoint another no-qualifications boob.
I feel like the proud granddaughter of a newly hip grandpa. Blazer, fly shirt, ripped jeans, happy socks and all. You go Sir! #HotMess #HipGrandPa
I love this. 
I love you Dan Rather!!! Always have ... always will!
#Genius
Lol! 
That idiot has an entire cabinet that's a "hot mess". I just can't believe what is happening. Open corruption, self-dealing, ethics violations and pay-to-play is happening right out in the open and the GOP is allowing it. They are complicit in this assault on our dwmocracy. Shame
It is so hard to stay current these days - just learned Arthur Meme after watching John Legend & Chrissy Teigen video yesterday & only learned about Circle Game 3 weeks ago.  My 13yr old thinks I’m lame.
So sad to see a country which has been a beacon of light for the world being reduced to being a laughing stock the bravery of Eisenhower the class of Kennedy the personable Regan the intellect of Clinton and now reduced to a babbling mess with a bad hairdo
This whole Trump Administration is a "hot mess"...
Sorry @DanRather - he is not a “hot mess” just a mess all the way around.
I love you @DanRather !!!!
Thanks for being current Dan. Check out "dumpster fire" next.
Mr. Rather this tweet just made my entire Day.  & I would completely lose my mind if you said it during an interview. Like I would know things would be better in life. 


Or as you would have said in November 2000: A mess hot enough to peel house paint. A mess as hot and squalid as a New York elevator in August.
That’s effin funny Mr. Rather! 
Proper use and application! Gold star, Mr. Rather, sit.
#fakenews is a hot mess!
You nailed it Dan!
A better meaning is “cluster fuck”!
Never thought I'd see the day when Dan Rather had to use the term "hot mess"
You are irrelevant
Dan the Man .. l miss you, especially since l always had a CRUSH on you & still do 
You spit truth even with slang!  Yes A hot mess defines the situation thoroughly.
Just like when were the anchor of the CBS News. Brother, you sure were a “hot mess”, single handedly destroying a news division’s reputation.
OMGOSH that’s funny coming from you! 
Dan, we need to get you to the hood more often to pick up the lingo.
Because guilty before proven innocent is the new norm
Very logical, Mr. @DanRather !
The dumpster fire has generated a hot mess.
Sadly, neither the first nor the last.
Love it Dan!
Just make up another story about it...
The entire Trump cabinet
HEY DAN.SHUT UP PLEASE.REAL Americans are having a discussion.
2018 in one tweet, y'all.
yes Mr Rather a hot Piping mess
he is definitely a poor choice makes me wonder why him?
Dan, I never realized what a funny bastard you are.  I love it!! Consider yourself followed!! 
@DanRather if Doc Ronny was a #HotMess, how would you characterize @realDonaldTrump on #FoxAndFriends this morning? #Unhinged #BatShitCrazy #USPolitics #POTUS #uspoli
  it's usually used as a term Woman say to each other, but then again,  there's lots of cackling going on. No offense to my fellow independent females,  We Rule!
You piqued my curiosity and I too now know the meaning of the term, thanks

@DanRather you a real one
My mom and dad loved you. I love you. My children and my grandchildren love you. 
Thank you for being a trusted news voice.
Anyone with a brain has figured out what you are by now Dan. Keep collecting your checks but do not imagine anyone trusts anything you say. I do believe you are square enough to have just learned the meaning of hot mess though. You are a cold mess and should retire.
You can apply the same term when you step up to a mirror. Please stop, let us not forget you are the father of #FakeNews
Outstanding Dan 
Yes Mr Rather his entire existence is a HOT MESS 
I've applied it to his whole presidency ( or idiocy).



Trump is a mob boss who hires people based on loyalty. Comey is correct.
You should feel comfortable applying it to Trump as well! IJS
Been there done that, Dan:

And when you say that, everyone knows the nominee must be a train wreck.
Touché!
That whole admin is a hot mess!

I’m so sorry you had to learn that term. Sorrier, of course, that it’s so appropriate.
The term applies to this entire administration.

Wasn't that used in a phrase attributed to Dorothy Parker? As in, "What hot mess is this?" She was rather awesome. 
Hot mess- the Democratic Party continuing to spread hate you sir should really not talk about hot messes you are one of the founding fathers of fake news.
I love you, Dan.
HILARIOUS!
We've applied it to the Senate and whoevers left in the white house....if there's anything left...
Next look up “dumpster fire”... then, “dog’s breakfast”
@DanRather Funny you didn't know the term " hot mess" yet you look at yourself everyday, at least once in the mirror.
Now that it's been added to your vocabulary you'll see how easy it can be used for everything!!!
You foul man.
I refer to the whole  Trump administration as “The Hot Mess Express”.
#LOL, YOU COULD HAVE ASKED ME ABOUT "HOT MESS", BEEN USING IT MYSELF, DESCRIBING  MYSELF OR OTHERS FOR YEARS. AND I'M  65+ . GLAD YOU'RE  UP TO SPEED! NEED ANY THING ELSE, ASK ME! HAVE A GREAT DAY! BLESSINGS
Now tell Kanye to get off your lawn.
Boo, the whole administration is a hot mess  !!!

My man ,Dan the man.
Sick burn, Mr. Rather. Let me know if you want me to load you up with an arsenal of other contemporary colloquialisms to really up your Trump-camp-insult-game. Gotchu fam 
"Step off" is another good one. Ask the great-grands!
As the spouse of a disabled veteran we are watching this closely
...and @DanRather has seen a hot mess before.

I’d say more like nuclear waste...
You could have stopped right here

The "hot ass mess" trophy goes to Trump.
Couldn't love you more Mr Rather! Although I'd love to hear you use the phrase that applies to this patron saint...
I love that you are picking up the new gen lingo, you are so relevant!
... I think you’re safe using the term regarding everything involving the “President.”
Dan Rather - you just made my day....
Ooooh, this made me laaaaaugh!
 Dan Rather is “Woke”
