
Oops! Guess I was late to THAT party. Shine on you crazy diamond.
@Lawrence @kasie @JoyAnnReid Was this made possible because of a fumbling president and today's vacuum of US leadership in the world? A good thing in a bad way!
Wes Anderson Like.
Moon June Un...  I keep expecting one to carry the other over the threshold.  I may get snarky, but I do like to see them getting along.
Looks like a shot that would've been precisely taken by Wes Anderson.
Now India Pakistan should learn from Korean
Wow just Wow
You can tell which side has barber shops and tailors
THE WORLD HAS THREE HEROES

THANK YOU     

#KimJongUn 
#MoonJaeIn 
#DonaldTrump
I am wondering who owns that building and what is it for ?
Someone turn this into a Pink Floyd album cover please.
They will get awarded with a Nobel Peace Prize...Trump's part in it will be totally cut out of the picture, of course,
Enemy of my enemy is thy friend
And.
Amazing photo that should be front cover of time
Beautiful picture
Thanks Mr. Trump!  #DonaldTrump
AFP always get the best shots 
I wonder how the house is divided.

kim to moon...you fool we socialists sign agreements only to tear them up after...moon has not learned about chamberlain and hitler "peace" signing before WWII....
Doesn't all this North & South Korea bromance steal some of Trump's thunder?
At least the lil North Korean murderer didn't poison him with that hand shake .. unless its a special slow acting variety .
History??
By the way, which one's Pink?
nope - this history shot will be when he Genuflects for the Almightly One - Donald J Trump! #MAGA
Keep up the good work, gentlemen.
AND KEEP FOUL MOUTHED, PEA BRAIN TRUMP AS FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE IF YOU WANT TO SUCCEED.
I hope that handshake isn't momentarily
I just did the thing

Crazy
I never thought I'd see this in my lifetime.
How many people died for that line?, it all seems so very pointless now. War rarely accomplishes anything lasting.
This is beautiful!
Welling up a bit seeing this. How good a thing it is when brothers dwell in unity.
Photo of the year?


Thank you Mr.President! 
@realDonaldTrump
Life imitates #PinkFloyd 

#NorthKorea
#KoreanWar 
#SouthKorea

That column of cemented bricks is the bigger than everything man can overcome. That signifies EGO.
I guess there is some hope for the world.#thankstopresidenttrump
Can't not think of this

Is there a better quality version?
Put a Valencia filter on it. Sorted.
DOESN’T IMPROVE PICTURE QUALITY
Render this
A BIG SHOUTOUT TO MY PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump FOR MAKING ALL THIS POSSIBLE, YOUR A TRUE LEADER AND WINNER. HERES TO ANOTHER 7 YEARS OF BEING GREAT. #MAGA 

A trilogy
That symmetry.
I was thinking they could have spruced up the paint on those border buildings before hand.
Would've been fantastic to tag in the photographer into it.
And I just get some thoughts...
Hands together how much was this really China not Trump? Me thinks China but Trump will tweet it
And will it actually happen? As soon as chubs destroys his nukes, he'll be sidelined. Delaying tactic?
No, we all get it........

Still looks like Wes Anderson still to me
@JTMoomin
Goosebumps...bit of a Pink Floyd vibe about it too...
It's another one of those 'Which Pink Floyd album is this?' moments.
The background looks like Butlins in Ayr circa 1975
My mum and dad took me to the Butlins in Clacton the year before it closed. I swear to God they must have sold those buildings off to the Koreans.
Why is the sun behind Kim Jong-un? Isn't he supposed to be the north?
Spring in northern hemisphere - north pole is tilted toward sun
I can't work out if you're trolling or genuinely believe that...
Didn't put much thought into it.  But what I said is clearly true for summer, and late April is closer to summer solstice than winter solstice, so...
This is the equivalent of the Berlin Wall coming down!

South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 
This picture brought to you by @realDonaldTrump.
This is certainly a inspiration. @india @Pakistan @Iran @Israel are you listening?
Perfectly re-enacted
No that deserves a novel piece prize!
Can you imagine if they had to reach across the big, beautiful impenetrable wall.
Ever been there?  I have, and yes, they have a big beautiful wall... with armed military guards 24/7.
With only God working through Trump this could happen in our life time 2018 "Numbers 22:28"

WOW
"The Signs R Clear"
God's Watching!

Believe it or Not
click on the link below.
https://youtu.be/u5SPqMxEjHk 
Enjoy!
If you don't think it can happen
You don't believe in God!
#ItWasNeverAboutTrump 
For those who can't understand!
God's showing us he's in control
Not people with money as god!
Wow
So monumental!
Now this is a true “money shot”.
Astonishing. Unreal truly and a victory for our country and our fearless leader Mr. Donald J. @realDonaldTrump
Ok fine...but what is really Bing tellicast back home....or is that sent thru the can and string???
@realDonaldTrump is a Genius.
Huge news. Any legit news agency should have this as front page news. If not, get rid of them

The real historical shot would be the one of Kim stepping over the border divide and entering South Korea.
i could cry with relief

Thanks Donald!
Explain to me how you think Donald Trumo set this up
Obviously North Korea would rather be friends than enemies when they know Trumps finger is on the trigger.
Life is just one by action to movie to Americans isn’t it. As long as there is a lunatic with an itchy trigger finger chanting USA you are happy!
WW2 was like a war movie that we saved England and liberated the rest of the world!
Haha yeah whatever mate. Thanks for arriving several years late, having tried to negotiate your way out of the war anyway. Really heroes 
Obviously you would have a big fan of Neville Chamberlain!
Talk about being grateful. This is the only time you can say it was better late than never. Else Europe would be speaking German right now.
I visited Panmunjom border in 1987. The DMZ and NK side was a stark scene -- unlike optimism from photos of NK & SK leaders yesterday. While we were in the blue hut conference room, NK guards stared thru window watching us. Guides warned us not to make any startling movements.
Progress between N. Korea and S. Korea. Historic. If this happens, it happened because of @realDonaldTrump. This is how you get a Nobel Peace Prize, by doing, not by saying you will do like the undeserving @BarackObama did. This was all done because of you, Mr. President. #MAGA
Explain how Donald Trump arranged this? Aside from the name calling and the threats of destruction. Via twitter
*historical. But yeah whatever.
@maggieNYT who does the building painting?
What Pink Floyd album is this?

You see!  Standing up to rogue dictators actually works.  We should have tried it years ago.
That has a hint of Storm Thorgerson Pink Floyd cover about it.
Wait... wait.. Pelosi and Schumer will find a way to give President Trump a negative comment about this.
This should be the cover of Time
Photo of the year contender
Pink Floyd did it first.
I hope, for the sake of the world, for this is for real and not some political stunt by NoKo.

Or this one
Like the Zin Master says ,we'll see.
Hopefully - this will lead to good things and be in some high school history books in the future..
How much you want to bet they don’t mention Trump’s essential role.
What country was this taken from?
South Korea
looks like photog was standing on the concrete curb between the 2 countries.
in the meantime,
Meanwhile, the North Korean television broadcasts a film about Kim Jong Il instead of covering the summit. 
Do we get someone to mock-up a Pink Floyd Wish You Were Here version? And who would be on fire?
Shouldn’t Trump get the nobel peace prize now?
Why? Backing off and not blowing up a year of negotiation between moon and kju maybe was very hard for him, but is not enough
Denuclearisation of NK is more than enough. Saved millions of lives from  the thought of nuclear conflict is more than enough.
But his hole, despite stoping saying he will nuke  while moon was trying to negotiate with kju was exactly what? I understand that China had a major hole since their give financial aid to North Korea...
South Korea says without Trump this would not have been possible. So. Yeah. Sit down.
Yeah... If he didn't stay quiet he would blow up everything. ...

No.


Too bad Obama never could get the history shot. Never could convince Xi & China to go along with sanctions. Never placed massive sanctions on NK and never had a credible threat of force. Good thing we elected Trump. 
Man; you must get SOOOO MUCH hate mail.
FYI 
I’m not disagreeing with you.
cc @AccidentalWes

Way too much news about this week, I need a coffee! 
Fun fact: That building is only 3 feet tall
@realDonaldTrump does it again. Nobody else has been able to unite the Koreas. #Maga
He did nothing.
He ended the Korean war. Most people didn’t know it never ended. No other American president has been able to end it. But @realDonaldTrump ended it.
Thankfully neither of them has the Trump "pull you towards me" handshake.
Stop. Just stop.
this one, too
What a photo. This is actually the unscripted moment Kim encouraged Moon to step briefly into the North, the press pool were all on the South side, hence their backs are turned to the cameras. 
Makes my heart sing.
Thank you president Trump.
Great shot
Looks like a Blur album cover.
At different points in South Korea’s history Park-life would actually have worked as a Blur pun. Not today though.
