President Trump's press conference with German Chancellor Merkel is very similar in message to the one with French President Macron earlier this week. But minus the kisses, and hugs. And hand holding. And patting. And smiles.
Pleased that Chancellor Merkel was honest in her reactions and relationship with Trump. @EmmanuelMacron w/@realDonaldTrump reminded me of Meg Ryan w/Billy Crystal in the diner scene in the movie When Harry Met Sally. Macron is good at faking it.
He is uncomfortable with powerful intelligent woman
no dandruff grooming either.
Million Euro question: did she have dandruff?
He considers German Chancellor Merkel an unattractive woman in power who threatens his manhood. As he does.
have to give props to the Pres. of France for reeling him in &then slamming him during his address. She didn't have the same oppurtunity!
You mean he didn't fawn and slobber all over her like he did with Macron? Trump hates strong women. Mist of Jewish she would've reached over & pretended to wipe (fake) dandruff off of his suit & told him she wants him to look his best ;-)
You mean minus all the disgusting stuff.
You had to listen closely...
I like Chancellor Merkel. She knows he doesn't respect her, or Europe, and she responds accordingly. She's also three times as intelligent as he.
Not sure why Merkel came over to see Donald other than frequent flyer points. Two humourless people with bad hair. Sort of bums a guy out.
Trump has no grasp of facts so relies on idiots he watches
She scares him.
Nobel peace prize
Hater
EU should stop depending on a Trump led U.S.  World moves on without the isolationist administration.
Yeah, but did he brush dandruff off her shoulder? That would've shown her a thing or two!
Want him to kiss her? Lol
When is the leader of the free world returning to Germany.
Katy can be summed up in one word ,irrelevant!
Best part about that is no Hillary Clinton..
beautiful  right  MAGA
Shows how he has little respect for strong women of power.  Not like the love he had for a man Macron, who is a much better leader than a Trump and probably the leader of the free world now.  USA obviously isn’t leading anymore
She should have kicked him in his tiny little Cheeto!
thank Giodness it is not 2 time loser hillary
Trump definitely has a problem with women.
Trump didn’t insult Macron, denigrate France & Trash NATO as he did to Merkel.
No Bush neck massage?
I looked into Putin's eyes and knew he is a honest man - BUSH
um except she's a female also
Oh for gods sake,  u hacks. If Trump kissed or hugged A woman, u be all over it. #metoo BS
Merkel got lucky! Wonder if she feels like she needs a shower to wash the Trump slime off? 
GWB got to rub her shoulders...
Because she's a women he can't attack or insult.
