Chelsea Clinton accuses NY Times reporter of failing to fact-check in book about covering Hillary campaigns http://hill.cm/9vOiflA  
Amazing how little people understand how this stuff works but how much they have to say about it. If the checker is good, any journalist can guess exactly what happened here. Bet on Chozick.
So, in yours and Katy Tur’s world, a so-called fact-checker, knows better than Chelsea Clinton, whether or not Chelsea received a hair treatment? Uh, ok.  I’m guessing Chelsea and her hair stylist, are the experts here.
But more importantly, speaking as someone with a degree in journalism, I ask you both to ask yourselves, and the author of the book, why some alleged story about Chelsea’s hair, made its way into a book that’s supposed to be about her mother’s campaign.
Thank You for posting this!! Good journalism reporting on someone's hair!..not!
Insane, isn’t it?  I proudly stand up for journalism and journalists.  But this is where I say: check yourselves.
Yes it is.  Chozick lost credibility when she had to change her champagne story to include "other  people told me" only afte Chelsea said it wasn't true. Since when does "others people told me" count as an attibution?
Well, it works for Trump, who likes to preface his untrue attacks with "many people are saying"
The media is one big mean girl sorority house. How pathetic.
Ever seeking that patriarchal pat on the head, I believe.
Katy, you f*cked up. Apologize.
Oh Katy 
You know, @KatyTurNBC, if you'd just kept out of it I'm sure 99.9% of people never would have known about your fact checker. Now you've put your books under a microscope and yourself in the line of fire.
#ImWithChelsea
She meant to sell more books this way.
I think she was trying to do preemptive damage control; she failed miserably 
I believe Chelsea. And am less inclined to read your book now. It was on my list, too!
Eh, Katy’s never been a fan of any Clinton. All that Trump exposure leaves a mark.
Like this kind of mark?
Talk about toxic branding . . .
The Beast is a personal friend of mine and he is livid that anyone would associate him with Trump.
Begging yours, and the beast’s pardon. I did not mean to imply any type of negativity on either of you. My deepest apologies.
The Beast: “no probs”
@KatyTurNBC why are you doing this?
Why don't you ask @amychozick if she called @ChelseaClinton before making a statement like that.
FFS Katy!
When you've done a third of what @ChelseaClinton has done in her life, get back to us 
Bye
So disappointed in this tweet.
Katy, so does it mean you accuse Chelsea of lying? This is pretty strong, don't you think? I am surprised.
I'll bite. How did the fact-checker check whether Chelsea has used keratin treatments on her hair?
One is political.  Either he called her or not.  Easy to prove.  Just because you had one single experience does not make it absolute.
Boy, the media circling wagons to cover your hackjob of the 2016 election...how rare & totally healthy!
There seems to be a real problem with anyone in the media taking any criticism or admitting any fault.
I'm gobsmacked.
I've never bet on you, Katy.
Shame on you, @KatyTurNBC. I really respected you till this moment.
I’m pretty sure @ChelseaClinton would know if she got a hair treatment or not.
idk. I mean it’s in print, and on the internet, so it MUST be true.
Still trying to figure out why or what @ChelseaClinton does to her hair is anyone’s business.
Because that’s the most important in the entire world of news. Never mind conflicts in the Middle East, continued senseless violence in this country, or our absolutely useless potus.
@ChelseaClinton ‘s hair takes precedent over all that.
It’s the curls
Women with straight hair are extremely jealous over women who have curls

True story

I have curls 
Yeah. I have waves everywhere.
So, Katy the take away from your post here is when a journalist is called out on shoddy fact checking & embellishments in reference to Clintons, other journalists need to come to their defense lest their own coverage come into question. Slippery slope.
“Though shalt not question the foundation of journalistic antagonism towards the Clintons!”
Wow this incredibly disappointing to see this reaction from you Katy.
Et tu, Katy?? 
This tweet is disappointing.
My sentiments also
@mitchellreports on-air comments while interviewing the author were equally as disappointing, beginning to wonder what kind of behind the scene trade-offs are afoot tbh.
I was so mad, I turned off the radio.  @mitchellreports is out of line.
Andrea blew it too.
Wtf is this tweet? Sit down Katy. Sit. Down.
In which journalists learned zero from the destructive role they played in our 2016 election.
Wow. My respect just took a dramatic  downturn. What a shame.
This isn't a good look for you.
It is not, very disappointing. But calling Clintons liars is a thing for journalists, especially female journalists. Wish I knew why.
Katy, this is one pathetic tweet. The fact that you choose to attack Chelsea Clinton to pre-defend your own book puts your bias on full display.  Do you have something to hide?
Katy has just flat-out called Chelsea a liar based on nothing more than the fact that she and amy chozick have the same fact checker.  Think about that.  @MSNBC do better.
I suggested to Katy an easy fix. This glorious fact checker can show us records of his checking with Chelsea. I’m super interested in the hair. How does that man know what Chelsea does to her hair over Chelsea? He’s clearly amazing. *full sarcasm*
No wonder Trump gets such traction with "fake news" - the media seems determined to prove he's right
Exactly. So damn frustrating.
That’s the worst of this. They’re not doing better in response to Trump’s attempts to discredit them; they’re doing worse instead. It’s so horrifyingly destructive of the free press as an institution.
When its own members don’t value it, how can anyone else?
So. Much. This.
Well, there is one show on MSNBC that I am NEVER going to watch again. 

I AM betting on Chelsea.
Gettin your hate on for the Clinton's again, are we? Despite a woman who has been scandal free and never gotten into any trouble said outright that she wasn't contacted and that there are falsehoods. I'll bet on @chelseaclinton, thanks for giving me a reason to change the channel
Wow, that is some snot-nosed statement. I guess there is so much more money to be made taking any familial sort of anti-Clinton stance that we understand more about you now.
Possibly @KatyTurNBC . But she already changed her opening sentence after Chelsea called her on its inaccuracy.
Really? You wouldn’t bet on the source herself, but the man fact-checking her? Wow
Clinton rules, Lauren. Clinton rules.
The internalized misogyny is real with this one
Automatically don't believe any Clinton about anything. They've been conditioned.
But the old white guy from Vermont is a civil rights “hero” and progressive darling is totally believable as his base is attacking prominent WOC across twitter


The backlash to this distasteful hate commentary STILL spewing from journalists is coming... I would bet on the #BlueWave2018 here, not reporters. #StillWithHer
What’s his name? Has he come out to say that she DID get keratin treatments? Chelsea seems to be saying that no one got in touch with her. Is that or isn’t that true? You should easily be able to say that instead of all the snark!
Not sure why you are involving yourself in this when it's not about your book or have anything to do with you. This tweet makes you sound dumb and I know that you are not. Fact checkers make mistakes too.
I believe @ChelseaClinton.
Do your own homework.  You're supposedly a journalist.  Gather your facts, check them, print them. YOUR facts.  YOU confirm them. Stop giving the anti media crowd more reasons to distrust the media.
Yeah bc Chelsea has some deep dark secrets about her hair. 
One thing twitter shows is how reporters close ranks when any of their brood are criticized
Not to mention that you using the same fact checker makes you somewhat less than unbiased
Aw, come on. You’re one of my favorites, Katy. Try to rise above the anti-all-things-Clinton garbage the press has been shoveling for the last quarter century. This is very disappointing.
What an obnoxious thing to tweet. How arrogant and ridiculous. I believe Chelsea over any reporter trying to sell one more book about Hillary.
So Chelsea Clinton is lying about never being contacted by this meticulous fact checker? That seems to be what is implied.
This is a classless act on your part. You don't need to get personal. @ChelseaClinton was challenging assertions made about her & offered to clear the record. She never made any personal attacks on Ms. Chozick. Why does the press hate getting called out? #IstandwithChelsea
Always knew there was something about @KatyTurNBC that annoyed me, just couldn't pinpoint it. Now I know.
He called Delta, but did he... call Chelsea? Did anyone?
His nit-picky fact checking prowess was clearly "selective"...what the hell happened to objectivity? This is specifically the reason media (& reporters/journalists) are no longer trusted.  Sadly so...
Uh... Chozick had to update her piece to say she got the Champagne story from others versus observing it directly, so it's her credibility, not that of Chelsea Clinton, that is in question here. And neither ever reached out to Chelsea herself. Yeah, he's a real stickler!
And calling Delta to check a flight schedule doesn’t impress me as superior investigative sleuthing. I actually do that every time I take a flight on Delta.
Every time I pay my bills, I rigorously fact check the utility companies. I think I am better qualified than any of them.

Who would even care about Chelsea's hair? More importantly, why is @KatyTurNBC betting her reputation on this? Because she just did.
I’m not sure why Katy chose to insert herself into the conversation, particularly with the pointed dig she made at Chelsea. It was poor judgement at best, fiasco at worst. IMO.
Wow.... and here I thought you were an upright #journalist That you’ve thrown your hat into this dirty ring is, well, deplorable.
Wow-I am shocked at you Katy. Thought you were far better than this.

Apology us in order. The right and 'big' thing to do. You were wrong.
Who the fuck cares about Chelsea Clinton's hair???
I'm going to bet against the person who wrote Bill Clinton decided to invade Somalia, but you do you.
LOL. A+ fact-checking right there! #sarcasm
Sorry Katy I believe Chelsea.
Really-you just said Chelsea lied about how she does her hair.  I am surprised and disappointed@KatyTurNBC and you were one of my favs. I believe Chelsea@ChelseaClinton
I know I didn’t like you
That's nice. Circle the wagons against all things Clinton, just watched Andrea Mitchell do the same. Shame on you Katy Tur.
@mitchellreports has had a hateon for Clinton for awhile now.
Katy, he called Delta.  He never called Chelsea.  Lost bet!
What an unnecessary and unprofessional thing to tweet. I don’t know why you’re doing this. Just gross.
So, your premise is that Amy Chozick has better insight into Chelsea Clinton's hair care regimen than Chelsea herself?
I'm pretty sure @KatyTurNBC is saying Chelsea is a liar.
#ChelseaClinton2020
You’re a good reporter Katy. Unless you have facts to disprove Chelsea why even go there to take sides?
Then you'd lose.
So Katy you are calling Chelsea a liar?. This herd mentality in the media concerning anything Clinton is pathological. This is reminiscent of all the reporters protecting Judy Miller and being wrong. Bad look!
True. But does Ms. Tur know who Judy Miller is?
You think not? Well, maybe her persnickety fact checker can help her with that.
So you're outright calling Chelsea Clinton a liar? Is THAT what @MSNBC pays you to do?
Maybe should should have Chelsea Clinton on her show and tell her that to her face.
She has no time for Chlesea, she's too busy flirting and doing the cutesy thing with Scarramucci.
Just come out with it and call Chelsea a liar, already. Isn’t it weird that the rise of Trump has been personally, professionally, and financially beneficial to a select group of folks who were tasked with covering Trump? Funny how that works.
I’d bet on the woman who knows what she’s done with her own hair. #justsayin 

This is disappointing, Katy. You’re a journalist, not in the cast of Mean Girls. Why would you stoop to petty accusations and claims of truth without facts? Did Trump cloud your mind?
So Amy Chozick knows more about .@ChelseaClinton’s hair than Chelsea does. That’s what you’re feeding us, Katy? I just unfollowed you.
Seriously? This is what they taught you in journalism school? No wonder our country is going down in flames. You can't even get the easy stories right.
So you’re literally saying Chelsea is a liar?!? NOPE

It’s astounding the level of absurdity journalists are willing to stoop to to hide their guilt in the shotshow of the biased election coverage
This has been going on for a while now. I hope people stop following Amy so she looses her platform. She has showed loud and clear who she is. Chelsea has tried time and time again to correct her lying on HRC and herself to no avail. Sad.
I have a feeling Katy will be more flustered than usual today on her show.  1 minute to go.
Her show kinda bites anyway. It’s just a rehash of everything I already read that morning. No loss for me.
I mostly liked watching her for her personality but I question her character after she called Chelsea Clinton a liar. Shamless. @MSNBC is all about the Hillary haters.
Same. I’ve always found Katy very pleasant and likeable. But of course that only goes so deep…
I appreciate that you made the distinction between personality and character. They are so often equated, to the detriment of the observer!
I think Katy just sold Amy out. 

Katy knows she uses the same factchecker as Amy, so to defend his integrity (and therefore the integrity of her own work) she defended him. Presuming Katy is correct, the onus is on Amy to explain why she rejected his findings.
There’s no presumption here that she rejected anything. Katy explicitly says that she would bet on Amy personally.
I don't think Chelsea lies.  

Think you're wrong here, Katie.  

A glass of white wine to calm one's nerves might look like champagne from a distance.
I really think you need to "take back" your original throw down.   If you don't, I'll lose some serious respect for you, ESPECIALLY since Amy has "modified" her certainty on the champagne comment.

Either be a journalist, or be a Putin scribe.  Your choice.  We won't forget, tho.
Really. Just stop. Your defense of Chozick's shoddy, biased work is embarrassing.
This is disappointing from you.
So, he can call Delta but can’t pick up the phone to call Chelsea? That’s what a fact-checker would do. And why are you worried about Chelsea’s hair? My God.
Thanks Katy. Now I really want to read Chelsea's book. No interest in yours. Did you pay Amy to "fact check" yours? Just asking.
If you're talking about your book about the Trump election. I read it and even bought it. It wasn't great. There weren't a lot of facts to check in it. @ShouldRemain has a good breakdown.
Yikes! I had planned on buying your book - thanks for saving me the money. I’m so sick and tired of the media going after the Clintons. I truly admire Chelsea; she is a strong, intelligent women who shows such grace and love. I respect the media, but you, not anymore.
Only 723 Likes are posted for @KatyTurNBC with approx. 2,400 Replies; whereas, @ChelseaClinton has 10,231 Likes. Thank you for informing or mostly confirming issues with your reporting and program. #DontForgetFlint
Is this analysis part of some new mathematical discipline that I’m unaware of?  It seems fascinatingly irrelevant on every single level.
You’d bet that your “fact checker” knows more about Chelsea Clinton’s hair than Chelsea Clinton? Really? Also, what’s the point of being a journalist if you have to hire someone to do your job for you? You’re incapable of fact checking shit on your own?

That you would stoop to this is disappointing. When did you join the Washington Mean Girls Club, Katy? Was it after you were bullied and threatened yourself on Trump's campaign trail?
So disappointed by @KatyTurNBC this week. Defending @amychozick who promotes her book on her Twitter page with a quote from a @nytimes book review, which is the epitome of conflict of interest.  Attacking @ChelseaClinton for pushing back at misinformation. Thought Katy was better
I did as well, Candace. This whole episode has been disappointing and enlightening, and it has (unfortunately) solidified my belief in the whole Washington Mean Girls Club. I'm disappointed, too, in the sheer lack of journalistic integrity.
Not everyone is right 100% of the time. Have you fact checked Chozick's statement yourself? And really, checking a flight time is not in the same league.
Oh Katy, I'm going with Chelsea on this one!
You’re losing me @KatyTurNBC. Love you usually, but WTF?
Well, I stand with Chelsea bc Amy's book is sloppy and full of errors.
Then riddle me this, Batman.  How does Amy know about the details of a conversation that supposedly took place when the only people in the room were Chelsea Clinton, her husband, and their baby? 1/
It CAN'T be Chelsea or her husband was a source, because if they were, and they denied it, Amy could out them. The baby can't talk. So how does Amy know? And how did the fact checker verify? Give me any plausible explanation that doesn't involve Amy making stuff up. 2/
THIS is why many of us complain about the "liberal media bias" lie. Trump lied every single day, and his empty podium got more coverage than the other actual candidates. Meanwhile, members of the "liberal media" just make things up when it comes to the Clintons. 3/
Essentially, you just put your credibility over Chelsea's. Since you're already a mediocre anchor, at best, I wouldn't bet on a favorable outcome for your reputation.
Wow Katy.... can’t believe you went there. Why are you interjecting yourself?
How does checking flight times with Delta translate to being a superior fact checker?

Something's amiss here.
I think I believe Chelsea on this one.
Katy, you saying so, don’t make it true.
Why the fu*k would you feel the need to send this tweet? Get out of your self satisfied, self important bubble.
So right. She's so arrogant.
I used to be a fan of @KatyTurNBC, but what a turnoff the smugness of this tweet is. I will no longer be following or watching her time slot on @MSNBC. I pray @maddow @Lawrence and @11thHour continue to be real journalists with integrity unlike the @amychozick Mean Girls clique.
But where’s the point of all this
Katy, @ChelseaClinton knows way more about herself than any "fact checker" could ever hope to. @amychozick coverage of Hillary was full of hot takes & undermined Hillary repeatedly. Most everything Amy wrote during the campaign was useless & stayed away from HRC policies.
Shame on you
are you listening to what clinton is saying? perhaps this time your fact checker did not do a good job?
Very disappointed to hear you say this, Katy. I am rethinking my respect for you.
Wow! @KatyTurNBC you just lost ANOTHER viewer. And you owe @ChelseaClinton an apology!!!!!
I really like and respect Katy, loved her book, and look forward to reading Amy's. This tweet was unnecessary, by either of them! Women's hair??? We shouldn't care!
If he never checked with @ChelseaClinton then he didn't do his job. Nit picky or not he dropped the ball. Sometimes people get complacent and lazy.
This is seriously embarrassing Katy.  Did this tweet make you feel better? Why did you feel compelled to attack Chelsea while excusing your own faults?
You forget about the NYT fixation on Clinton bashing.
I like you, Katy but as a journalist, you should probably not insert yourself into this. Chelsea Clinton doesn’t strike me as a liar.
I would bet you really stepped into it with this tweet, Katy.
Katy, really? Why take sides here - not a great look. Chelsea is at least as credible.
Katy complains about others being "nit picky" about her lies...oh the irony....
So Chelsea is a liar? Come on Katy, I expect more professionalism from you than this tweet. What a shame.
Wow Katy.  Getting a commission from @amychozick?
Fact
Um...Katy... Not your best move.
Doesn't sound like he called Chelsea or her hair stylist.
Why are you two woman insisting on lying about another woman?   Women need to stop bringing our own down.  Chelsea Clinton is a stand up person.  You two are a disappointment to the gender.
Why in God’s name are you jumping in on a book you didn’t write? Lawd people need to stay in their lanes
You may be wrong on this, Katy. Checking a Delta flight time isn’t the same thing as checking something very personal or individual. If someone ever writes about you, we’ll see how you react.
Wonder if Keith Olbermann is a kiss and tell type of guy?  Probably not, but ya never know...
Oh, dear. Were they an item?
Yes--straight outta college she was.  She lived w/him @ his Trump Palace digs for a time.  He wisely and happily broke free of that joint:
Whoa! OK, then.
No Katy!! You are wrong!!!
That's great, but you're being heavily ratio'ed, so maybe you shouldn't bet too much of your journalistic capital on it.
It’s fun watching the Left in a circular firing squad.  I’m speaking rhetorically. Just noting that.
Katy, Katy, Katy ... Love your work, but yes, I would expect any statement of a fact to be verified. And a stmt of fact about a person should be also checked with the subject,  if possible. Not nitpicking, that should be standard.

I wonder how one fact checks mommy shaming and catty gossip about another woman’s hair.  This is beneath most teenagers.
Sorry, Katy, but I don’t think Chelsea would have corrected such a minor thing as hair treatment if it wasn’t incorrect.  Maybe the fact checker considered that inconsequential and didn’t bother
So you too wrote lies?
Amy who?
I truly enjoy watching liberals eat their own
Especially liberal activist (who pretend to be a journalist) like you Katie.
Nitpicky is a compound word. It should not be written as two words. Confirming flights is responsible, not nitpicky. You are going to lose a lot of money concerning this matter.
Katy, this is NOT journalism. This is checkout aisle tabloid reporting. It’s trash. Back off of Chelsea. She was tortured Abt her looks as a child- by the media.Don’t participate in treatn her this way as an adult. Chelsea deserves better. Women deserve better. U shld know better
@KatyTurNBC  WTF!!!   Very disappointing
Considering how every one of you slimebags in the media collectively smeared & slandered Hillary for 2 years straight leading up to the election based on propaganda pushed by right wing Russians, I would bet on @ChelseaClinton here
Wow. Rather than assuming that a fact checker has a *margin of error*, you're going to claim that a woman in the public eye is lying. Way to go, unbiased news source.
So let me get this straight  - you're "objective" argument is based on:
1. The merits of your OWN book
2. That you think it's 'nit picky' to check flight times (like schedules never, ever change).
Katy, I'm a huge fan. Please admit that you're in the wrong on this and apologize to @ChelseaClinton.
wow @KatyTurNBC , I'm really disappointed in you.  You are essentially calling Chelsea Clinton a liar and well all know that she is anything but.  I think you owe her an apology.
Umm I think @ChelseaClinton knows the details of her life better than @amychozick. Thanks but I'm with Chelsea
Perhaps the conclusion you should have drawn wasn't that Chelsea Clinton is a lair, but that your own book isn't as well fact-checked as you might believe.
I hope she sues the shit out of you, but she probably won’t
Then why didn’t you ask him if he did?
She only lived her life.

Well she just sat the record straight on something that was never fact checked by @amychozick ,I would bet on @ChelseaClinton and bank my winnings .
Your last sentence  was unnecessary and inappropriate for a journal sit.
An unfortunate tweet, which will haunt you.
Media never ceases to disappoint.
Why do you have to bet on anyone? Your statement is totally unnecessary and because of that, your credibility is now in question.
I read your book and am very disappointed at this statement. Glad I didn’t buy your book but borrowed it from the library instead.
So, without fact checking, your first take is to assume Chelsea Clinton is a liar. Why even chime in on this? Are you a journalist or a partisan?
Maybe you are both right. He served you well, not Chelsea.
Seriously, Katy. I want to hear what your theory is for why Chelsea would go out of her way to lie about a hair care treatment. You're obviously saying you think she's lying, so please, let us hear you theory as to WHY.
Katy, your book was a major disappointment.  Find a better ghost writer next time.
So...are you saying that Chelsea is liar, Katy?
Katy, I am so surprised at you calling Chelsea a liar.  My opinion of you has changed after seeing this.
seems like you didn’t even look into any of this. You clearly just don’t like her.  #IBelieveChelsea
Katy, are you calling Chelsea a liar? Just cause Amy used the same fact checker you did does not mean he is right. I was just starting to like your way of reporting the news. Now I am going to fact check you. I watch msmbc all day starting with Mika and Joe to Brian Williams.
Who should I believe the former first daughter with a long history of truthfulness and philanthropy, or the reporter who admitted herself she became the useful tool of Russian intelligence? 
I’m with Chelsea!
And why are you stepping into this?
PS I highly respect the media and think you are incredibly essential to our democracy, but journalists do have a weirdly defensive reflex when errors are called out.
I’m glad these books are being fact checked and enjoyed yours but it seems that not all fact checkers are at the top of their game all the time. Who ever is?
Hi Katy! Neither Amy nor her fact checker reached out to me or my office at any point, about anything. I care about facts as I believe you do too. https://twitter.com/katyturnbc/status/989186794120990720 …
I know you'd like to believe that Katy, but I was in Hillary's HQ and can vouch that none of the champagne bottles were opened that night.

When we saw the writing on the wall, we did, however, drink a bottle of Four Roses.
You need to apologize on air
I’m so done with you.
You are seriously going to claim that a fact checker knows Chelsea Clintons hair treatments better than Chelsea Clinton??

Really?
Shame on you, Katy. You just made me sorry I bought your book. Obviously he skipped several of Chozick’s nits.
Katy got her fame by following Trump around like a groupie.
When Trump turned on her- THEN she decided to look critically at him.
The reason @msnbc loves her is because she's cute & a pot-stirrer.

@KatyTurNBC Your blind faith in your fact checker, w/out investigating @ChelseaClinton claims is presumptuous & sloppy. You & @mitchellreports are slipping badly.
I feel fairly certain that a first hand source is the more reliable authority on that source itself. That's pretty much basic journalism.
@KatyTurNBC Think ill start skipping MTP daily while you're on.
Did this genius of yours check the facts WITH CHELSEA CLINTON?? (Obviously not.) Must have been too busy looking up how many Cheerios in a box. This Chozick person's primary credential and bias is Hillary-bashing, so I would bet on Chelsea here, not the Chozick person.
Katy, Chelsea has said she was not fact-checked. You've lost all credibility now and we'll never believe anything You say on @MSNBC or in print again.
Wait... you’re accusing her of lying about a Keratin treatment? But why would she do that? This is not a great look Katy
Then you are a garbage person.
I believe Chelsea
Bull shit like this that calls into question journalists seriousness and credibility.
@KatyTurNBC All your time at Trump rallys seems to be affecting your judgement of reality
Wtf Katy?!
So you're calling Chelsea Clinton a liar?
Seriously, @KatyTurNBC , I think Ill go with Chelsea Clinton knowing whether she’s had keratin treatment off not. Or are you calling her a liar?
Really disappointed in you, Katy, for entering this convo in this way.
Wow. I think so much less of you now Katy. Disappointing.
I just lost all kinds of respect for @KatyTurNBC
Katy. Seriously??
Wow Katy...you lost my respect for you.  Chelsea Clinton knows her hair not the fact checker....unbelievable you would even write this. Did tRump call you & tell you to? It's lower than his tweets...really shameful
Katy, I'm so disappointed in you. 
So you’re saying Chelsea picked something seemingly innocuous and hard to prove in an attempt to discredit the whole book?
Except neither the Lazy author nor her "fact checker" bothered to ask Chelsea Clinton abt these stories, and in fact, the author put out a statement blaming her falsehoods on this same fact checker. You're credibility is shot.
Really @KatyTurNBC ...you stand by and normalize the daily lies from this administration,  but you're willing to call another woman a liar? Over something stupid like her hair???  Mmmkay. Got it. You have officially lost my respect.
seriously! freaking seriously!
But you hate Hillary, so...
What a surprise. Someone from the media attacking Clinton without knowing the facts. Gee, we can’t get enough of that.
I am disappointed that you essentially accuse Chelsea Clinton of lying over her own hair. Why put your professional reputation on the line like that?
The Clinton Hate is,Real....
Wow.. ur response is very disappointing not to mention disrespectful. #Shameful
You bet wrong. How disappointing.
hope you're enjoying your mentions lol
Are you serious, Katy? Unless YOU did the fact-checking, you have no idea whether Amy's book is accurate. If Chelsea claims things are inaccurate, perhaps you can exercise your alleged journalistic skills to investigate or.... *fact-check*, rather than taking sides.
Sometimes folks need to learn to keep other people’s names out of their mouths and mind their own.
This is incredible. Not one single person agrees with you @KatyTurNBC .
Naive...
So ....she's lying about having a hair treatment ? 
It says to me that your book may be compromised, I would bet on Chelsea.
