His political team is actually the most cohesive it has been since the start. It is just this politics team doesn’t talk to you or leak. You only get leaks from those outside the team. https://twitter.com/maggienyt/status/990259334218121217 …
It'll be the "Taint" you can't Wash Off.
#TrumpTaintLingers often for Decades.
Or do we?
Like say @WHPressSec @SarahHuckabee and @KellyannePolls ?
That's funny coming from You!
When does this guy get outed for Cambridge Analytica ties?
Boy you are deaf and blind... Trumps swamp crew leaks all the time. And they don't talk to press because they get called out on all they're lies!!
Yes, sir. Cause you’re talking to the person whose source in the White House is @PressSec Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Both of you GO AWAY
Served.

Btw, she afforded Parscale more respect than he has earned. 

A worthy mention to Brad: your boss man has gone on the record with her a few times and she’s been invited into the oval, so your argument holds no water.

You have no respect, just a desire to suck up to trump.
You get a like for this. But all the crap you said about the WHCD was b's.
Yeah we do, Maggie.  We know who you are talking to.
Sadly, WE do. You're a shill for access.
Trust me on this @parscale u are way out of your league & all things considered now would be a superb time for you to lay low & keep your mouth shut.
@maggieNYT is pretending she has access again. She isn’t fooling anyone. @parscale
Maggie as you know, Trump tenure as President has been an embarrassment to our country. The only accomplishment in two yrs is the tax cut for the top 10%. The rich got richer. Nov 2018 will mark a change in congress and the executive branch
Let me guess...@PressSec ?
Am surprised that Mr Mueller has not taken a larger interest in Parscale. Must have concluded early on that he served as a "tea boy," and focus upon the growers-GRU, packagers-Cambridge Analytica and various minor Dons, like Don Jr and ArchDuke Jared.
No russian collution, Kanye endorsed Trump and waking people up, peace in north Korea, tax cuts, employment rate for hispanic and Blacks lowest ever...   just say it «thank you president Trump»
Who cares what Kanye says lol? He isn't the "Black Messiah" so that once he decrees something good 'all the Blacks should too' ,, the unemployment rate is a trend that was on its way there.
 I do agree the NK thing is good, let's hope it works out.
He is waking up people to the diversity of thought and freedom of expression... i don’t care much, but i do think it’s very entertaining. It’s funny to watch fans reaction, media, those who support, and those who don’t. Many cares what he says, don’t undermine that...
I don’t know ONE person of colour who has changed their opinion of Trump because Kanye said he loves him. Not one! And that’s my community.
Ok... strange that every rapper rapper about being like Trump, before he run for office.  you don’t know anyone, but some does... besides i preach individualsm, doesn’t he? If you like the plantation and the kkk party so much, that is your choice...
The plantation? Are you implying that I’m a slave? And think this is ok? 
Mental slave, yes...
Yes i think it is ok to say that
Now journalists are making threats to enforce their lies. Sounds like organized crime.
How the fuck was that a threat. Show your work.
I'm expecting some complex calculus mixed with a hint of Shakespearean analysis combined with a historical purview only gleaned by dozens of years of rogorous academic study.
I know it's just a typo, but I would love to see the word 'rogerous' come to mean 'the exact opposite of rigorous'. For instance, "Secretary Carson's team completed a rogorous study if the impact of raising rent in low-income housing before proposing his plan."
Lmao i can totally see that 
especially when you're probably talking to Trump himself.
Or David Dennison
Or John Miller
Or John Barron....
Lol, maybe that’s why Trump said he didn’t know Maggie the other day. It was one of his other personalities who talked to her.
Right! Trump is kinda sorta the male version of Sybil. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sybil_(Schreiber_book) …
“They like me! They really really like me.” 

“Here I come to save the day! That means that Mighty Drumpf is on the way.”
Seriously. Trump is a hot mess. He's Exhibit A (through Z) of a grown up rich kid who wasn't hugged enough or given limits as a child. And now we pay.
this with sir
I don't say this respect because frankly journalists today, especially in the MSM, don't deserve it.
You lie to the American people under the guise of "a source close to..."

You lack the fundamental integrity required to be a credible journalist.
@parscale is going to jail so save the digital ink MH.  Also, why would you say *with respect* to someone who's just called you a liar?
And neither do we as you and your colleagues use anonymous sources way too often.
Is it Sarah Huckabee Sanders?
Why are you "respecting" this crook vs. merely stating this respectfully?
Maybe @parscale meant @PutinRF_Eng and the #KGB
You mean - propaganda team
John Barron? Jim?
Too smart. Maybe too much pontification but totally accurate. We need more Pulitzer quality like you@
Who’s on this political team of which he speaks and to what political team is it being compared?  Is “team” an apt term for any group in this WH?  With due respect to the 2017 Cleveland Browns, they are a team that didn’t win a game.

Real news
Hey Brad, are you referring to both of you or have you added a third to that team?
Ok lefty.

So this is what access journalism looks like.
I say this with no respect, Maggie, RETIRE BITCH!
And that’s part of the problem. You guys always claim “anonymous sources” and many times info turns out to be lies. What happened to verification? You are just propaganda. To bad real journalism hardly exists and  at NYT it doesn’t at all.
I’ve found I can read a pub for awhile & get very clear indications of its professional & journalistic standards. All journalists use anonymous sources, particularly in reporting sensitive topics. This is beneficial - actually crucial -to us as a democratic society.
Shouldn’t they have to verify? Also when a lie is front page news and the retraction you can barely find , the damage has been done. I’m sure that’s the whole purpose. If the lie is front page news the retraction should be also.
Duh. They *do* verify. Keeping a source confidential doesn’t mean it’s not verified. This is journalism 101, which, btw, nobody at Fox ever seems to have taken.
Duh, if it was verified there wouldn’t be a need for retractions.
Tammy, I’m going to reply again simply because I felt we were having a reasonable chat & some have inserted rudeness. This doesn’t have to be rude. I honestly hope you find what I have - that there are amazing journalists who I am eternally grateful for.
Yes there are some. Really have to research to find truth sometimes. I like to get straight news and prefer not to know what their political leanings are. Politics are at the forefront of everything anymore. Appreciate a real conservative. Thank you.
Take care Tracy. (I’m conservative in the sense of caring about truth but socially and politically I’m a typical liberal. But Im personally sick of these labels. I do not find them helpful and often they make conversation impossible.)
No need for respect.
Seconded.
ALWAYS need for respect! You get more information that way. Plus, if the other person is trying to pick a fight? It reeeeeeally pisses them off.
I tried it, but all I've ever gotten in return from Trump supporters is contempt & gross inaccuracies. I genuinely can't remember a single exception. So I'm not at all concerned about showing them any respect. 
You are right, though: Politeness really sends them over the edge.
Their only pleasure in life is being cruel; sometimes you just need to toss it back at folks until they learn a lesson.
They don't deserve respect
It's so obviously Sarah Huckabee Sanders now it's not even funny.
LOL.
Oh no. Big bad @maggieNYT  Poor girl doesn't know when she's being played
Given that he's an IT expert, I'll bet he does.
We should be able to question our government/leadership, and petition for redress, that’s Democracy. We wouldn’t believe a person tell us the sky isn’t blue, or that we are not human. We should cherish the First Amendment/Freedom of the Press.
You hit the nail right on the head Maggie 
Habers gonna habe ...

What a sick burn.  Go, Maggie ;)
A hacker making comments is a joke, and he probably worked with the Russians to hack the election, can you say Treason?
Fact finding journalism/reporting is a necessity, especially in this era of proven fraudulent, failed, lying businessman leadership, whose success comes from other people/taxpayers money.
What a stinging rejoiner! Thought your 3rd rate access got yanked?
It seems pretty obvious who you are talking to. Does he still use John Miller or are things just out in the open now?

There are vast numbers of bad deeds never to see the light of day were it not for anonymous sources. Watergate would have been a successful crime and cover-up if "deep throat" identity had been revealed as the source of information.
Brad may be aware of more technical aspects that may flip support to trump in voing machines and then be able to say "I told you so".

See @jennycohn1 regarding the hacking of voting machines.  Brad just may be setting the narrative early to get he story out there.
Enemy of the People 
#TapperClapper 
#FakeNews
Actually it was paid for initially by the RNC, and the Majority report from the House Intelligence committee said the FBI investigation was NOT based on the "dodgy dossier" but had already begun due to George Papadopolis.

https://img.wonkette.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/findings.png …
Since when does anyone in Trump CULT tell the TRUTH? It is not in their VOCABULARY!!!!!! Make it up and tell LIES is all Trump and his SWAMP know how to do!!!
You know what you get when a reporter wants to BE the story, not report it?

Maggie Haberman

HTG the journalism teachers are using you as a "what not to do " teaching tool.
Every aspiring journalist is dying to attend the 'I never want to win a Pulitzer" school of journalism. They would much rather attend the "we just make shit up" school of journalism that everyone at FOX is an alumni of.
Ba - da- BOOM!
More propaganda @parscale but nice try brad
Ya, whatever! Congrats on your award last night! Maggie
But do you have an idea of who you are speaking with? Why so secretive? Your evasiveness is dangerous for ‘our democracy.’
Good for you!
Maggie says it with respect. Most of us say it with zero respect.
That ended @parscale's bullshit quite promtly.

Parscale is still a rooky in politics. Pretending he know who are the possible leakers is his mistake.
Brad thinks potus is "outside the team."
He doesn't deserve respect.
@parscale needs some spotlight. How about hitting the switch? This is who USED the Cambridge Analytica data. He deserves some attention (not mention an indictment).
Exactly. I'm curious why his budget was so massive during the campaign
Maggie, I'd work on your farm any day.
Might’ve just compromised your source with that clear inference that they’re someone in that inner-circle he’s talking about.
If you think you're more sophisticated than the NSA, FBI or military counterintel people they could send to find out, you're kidding yourselves
So...ok y'all....shut the fuck up and,
#LongLiveHamza .....hahaha...
Rhymes with Ronald Grump.
Maggie you just keep up the great work. It's amazing have people question Quality Reporting about a man and his administration that hasn't told the truth yet in over a year.
Haberman's "do you know who I am?" tweet
Maggie goes from whiny to great in 3 minutes flat.  However, I look forward to the time when she can open up her phone records.

My guess would be Trump himself.
Is this guy going to jail soon?
Sure, Maga Haberman.
Maggie, if Trump is so awful, how come the economy is booming and unemployment is at record low ?
They're all delusional!  All of them!
Just wondering about "trickle down".  Has anyone employed by the Trump Empire received a healthy raise????   I'm sure the Empire saved tons in taxes.
Thank you @maggieNYT for your reporting. Everything you report turns out to be true.
Well, he was being comparative. The team at the start was no great shakes.
Forgive me but should you really be a publication to listen to on poll numbers?
Respect? LOL No respect due to the person who worked with Cambridgae Analytica to sway the election

Neither does anyone else when the sources are anonymous.
Trump's the leaker. It's been obvious. He knows what he's doing; this is his game.
Is #bradParscale one of those boys who can’t get laid and is angry?  What did they call them ? #blueBalls
Yes. This.
Yeah no cohesion needed to pull that off.  You obviously don't know what you are talking about. What sad is that IT'S your job to know what you're talking about. I wish I got paid for doing nothing.
... your imaginary... oops... “anonymous” sources...
You mean “colluding?”
Why isn’t the FBI investigating Brad Parscale?we know he’s working for FB,Jared Kushner,Steve Bannon & Cambridge Analytica!Another russian tool!who’s committed treason on his country!these ppl are spin doctors twisting truth & lying to the American ppl!
Having no idea has never stopped maggienyt from writing or talking about her opinion on tv.
You are awesome @maggieNYT 
Keep doing your thing!!
Just look me in the eye @maggieNYT, and tell me (1) you're not a Democrat, (2) you're not a liberal, and (3) you're not biased towards the mentioned. Sorry, you not objective and I find that you are, therefore, hard to believe. We need balanced honest reporting, not commentary.
Isn’t #BradParscale going’s to prison soon anyway?
Respect? Get the Fug outta here!
We don’t care who you are talking to. You are from the NYT which means it’s fakenews
You're talking to others like you, Mags, who prize fantasy far over objective truth. Look in the mirror.
But we unfortunately know exactly whom you are talking to about not knowing whom you are talking to.  Seemingly endlessly.
He also has difficulty expressing himself.. that’s why he’s cohesive with the dotard !
One of your sources was hope Hicks. Because since she’s left, you haven’t had a single story that tells of these back-and-forth conversations in the White House.
Just like they have no idea who Mueller is talking to!  Congratulations on your AWARD last night Maggie !!
Your transparent bias against POTUS is disgraceful. Wonder why America despises the Media/Press?
It's well known Trump calls Maggie and "leaks" to her as unnamed WH source.
Maggie another #FakeNews so called journo
Maggie has no clue abt what is going on in American just like rest of Dimwits
Fake news.

You don’t actually respect him at *all*.
You talkin to telepaths right?
@parscale I say this with the utmost disrespect! You have no cohesion & no team. The only thing you have is a job & if you are foolish enough to trust those America First rejects who also have a "loyalty" job, watch how it all crumbles when you fall apart & eat each others young.
@ChrisCuomo @parscale “with respect?” - you are all part of this OP right?  It’s close to being over so have your fun now
@parscale Surely you have defense attorneys you should be meeting with rather than spending your time spouting this drivel.
Tired of leaks in the White House? Hire Phil Swift... He'll fix it...
Are you surprised by the fact that many on both sides no longer trust the media?
Sure we do.

Unnamed sources unauthorized to leak off the record.

You tell us all the time.
Humility is a virtue!!! So sad
I say this with disrespect: @parscale is full of shit.
He’s just trying to get you to reveal something so they can catch the leaker.
Brad. Brad. Brad...
Don’t worry Brad your job is safe until January 2019
I hope it's Melania.
Assfarts
Hey Maggie, is is true you are accepting $$$ from the EU that is going into trusts for your kids in exchange for #OperationMockingbird talking points sent to you?
Obviously not someone to be trusted ! If he’s leaking to you ...sorry with All Due Respect !                                                @parscale
My dear i do not understand what you say to me sorry can you clear me
You have no idea who you are talking to either. Even you've admitted to he WH lies to you a lot. That must have been a day your meds were working though.
"Cohesive"? Is that code word for codependent #sycophants?
Parscale is completely eager to go full-on fascist, with plenty of covert russian backup.
Brad evidently has learned to lie while in constant denial... another mini-me Trumplodite!
The only people you are talking to are all the different personalities in you r head.
You don’t have to say it with respect
Go Maggie!!
And that, @parscale was a 
I thought this dude was in jail
DRAG HIM

Trump is his number one leaker

Brad, need aloe? #cuzyougotburned
hasn't Brad Parscale been indicted yet?
You threatening to call in Putin, #MoscowMaggie?
Come on Brad.  Just look at the facts.
So much hate, can’t your efforts be directed to more worthy causes?
In some ways, neither do you, dear ...
That is the @maggieNYT I know and love.  Now THIS is impressive! #WHCD
Sorry, Mags! Brad is right. Thanks to Obama’s insider threat program. They know. Reap the whirlwind.
Maybe he is talking about Putin, and misunderstood the correlation .
What's he been smoking
Actually we get leaks from trumps twitter 
Love ya Maggie
Finally a little attitude, Ms. Impartial Observer!
@maggieNYT ma'am I really wish you guys would show them the respect they constantly show you...I respect ur professionalism...but when do you guys get to say enough... #KeepUpTheGreatWork!!!
Tell 'em, queen. 
Failing NY times is taking to social media to try and turn this ship around. Lol, you're getting the boot at next port, maggie!  MAGA to all the CNN has-beens.
The NYT is not failing. CNN is not failing. The Washington Post is not failing. The only fail here is the Trump admin and it's inability to withstand scrutiny. All of the aforementioned media outlets will be here LONG after the stench of Trump & his corruption has faded.
You are sooo right that he doesn't know who you are talking to,  because you talk to no one. MSM sources are always anonymous.
@foxandfriends one and only source is the liar in the Oval.
I am not one of your  friends/colleagues who would believe that statement. We all know that F&F has many sources - WHO THEY NAME. you trying to mislead makes YOU a liar So, pot calling the kettle black.
What ever you have to believe to make it through the day. Thank god for small blessings. You have the right to your facts. Get over yourself.
Hey, Brad, aiding and abetting is a crime.
Dear Maggie Haberman,

CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR AWARD

You are a fantastic journalist 

One can never are you with an idiot so do not take a words seriously from #humourme1234 

John Wayne said it best
Good on you Maggie. Don’t let these orange Kool aid drinking morons bully you around.  Their redeemable human qualities wouldn’t even fill up the space under your pinky fingernail. When they have nothing, they resort to insults, and they truly have nothing.
Go figure out a way to credit Obama for Korean talks.
Obama doesn’t need to take credit for someone else work. Stop using other ppl to make Trump legit.
Obama's great accomplishment was keeping Hillary from becoming #POTUS for 8 years.
@parscale when they manufacture their own sources they can say it’s anyone.
What's that saying...when you don't know what you're talking about, but want to comment, say something silly, trying to sound informed/ controversial. BTW, anyone know is Parscale 'lawyered up'. Just curious.
It's a phish, Maggie. For God's sake don't tell him who. Wow. That was close.
You tell him Maggie!

Brad defends Trump’s altright, Russian meddling political team. Maggie just circumcised Brad’s attempt at obfuscation..
@parscale Kelly is prob a sieve, Mattis could leak, and it wouldn’t  surprise me if jarvanka drip  too. The trump cabinet is a discordant Jazz band ready to crash on opiates.
You're Maggie, and you know less than you did three years ago.
I don’t know why you had to say it with respect.
trump team 2020 is not only a leaking/sinking ship, they call to tell people stuff before others beat them to it.  there seems to be a "who leaks first" gets drinks from all the slower leakers..! :)
Apparently some imaginary friends considering how wrong y'all have been.....
You don’t even know who you’re talking to
@KatyTurNBC @parscale
Neither do you
