

This is Trump’s MO. Lies, gets caught in lie, finally states the truth, then acts like he never lied.
Pathetic pathological liar
We love when trump wants interviews with his ‘friends’ at Fox News.  
The infinite depth of the Fox interrogation techniques have loosed the Emperor's tongue.
Deer in headlights: caught in a fib
He is learning that we CAN fact-check him!
He doesn’t learn.

Just goes to prove incompetence and unfit for POTUS
He lies so much he looses track of his statements.
Lies about the lie... typical..
One might get whiplash if our necks weren’t already fortified by so much head shaking.
Thank you Fox and Friends!!!!!!!!
He also, attacked the FBI & DOJ as corrupt.
"And watched hookers pee on each other."
Does that sentence make ANY sense?
Piss tapeeee
1992: I smoked but I didn’t inhale
2018: I stayed there but I didn’t pee
Dementia setting in - he never remembers what he said.  Especially when it can be proven otherwise for all the world to see.  Hideous human being.
So, the tape...
So many lies it's hard to keep them all straight!
This is Trump’s way to use the Comey memos to go after the special counsel.  It’s an ad hoc strategy, even desperate, but since he now knows he’s been caught in a lie he will deny the lie ever took place.
Isn't that doing the same thing as to why he fired Flynn "Flynn lied to the FBI".
Isn't that a crime, telling the FBI (director) a lie?
How do they set there with a straight face and listen to this shit. I would love to know what they are thinking.
That's the problem when you get caught in a lie.  You end up contradicting yourself.
wait you mean he lied?!? 
Who cares?
I trust the naive politically incompetent ex-FBI guy over #ComradeTrump on this one!
Just too good!
That statement was for these guys and their friends - they believe everything Trump says
Ah, it's all about the pee tape.
What do we expect from the Liar in Chief other than lies.
And I thought lying to the FBI was a crime...
People have been working hard to prove that and he just....
So many hotels, so little time.

Trump is habitual liar
Yes, now that there is proof he stayed there he NOW says of course I Did stay overnight! Nuts
He also said the memos were classified and on top of the memos being classified the things contained in the memos isn't true
