Very Important a victory, Mike Pompeo! 

America's 1st amendment right to NOT condone homosexual behavior has been excersized on the floor.

Mr. Pompeo was publically harassed  unconstitutionally, lambasted and cornered, for his personal views and he Prevailed!

MAGA!
Fire the GOP: from dog catcher to the WH.
Rand Paul is a wuss. These ppl are scared of trump. Trump has become like a dictator
Katy jumped the gun again 
What did Trump give Rand?  And why does Rand think Trump can deliver?
JFC this is the end folks! We’re all doomed.
Weasel!
What did he get for it??
“I haven’t been given anything or promised anything,” for changing his position on Pompeo, @RandPaul tells committee.
It would be just like trump to have bullied him with something. Wonder what?
@NBCNews Sissy.
Rand Paul is the the junior side of Donald Trump....lies like hell.
We all knew Rand Paul would cave. He had a few headlines, that's all he cared about. He's drunk on the Trump koolaid, too. Just like the entire GOP!
He doesn't have any balls they all cave in
How much did he get for it?
Move along folks...no principles to see here.
The D's are not in any position of power. Hypocrisy on the right is beyond the pale.
Lying F'n Politician.
Does he not know trump lies? Are they all stupid or complicit?
He must’ve finally  gotten what he was holding out for. These ppl have no principles or integrity. Just in your face hypocrisy.
As a senator he makes a good doctor
No wonder his neighbor beat the shit out of him.
Because @RandPaul is a liar with no backbone and no honor. He's in it only for himself. Like his daddy was. Just like the other politicians he claims not to be like. He might say he's libertarian but he's nothing more than a republican dressed in a different cloak.
I'm starting to wonder if Rand is a principled idealist or an ideal grand stander.
Rand Paul caving again.
What a shock. Republicans can't be trusted to tell the truth about anything, basically.
It seems that @GOP wants us to vote them out of office. Why not give them what they want.
That's to bad, but not surprising.
We all knew he was faking!
He's got little man syndrome
Rand Paul was played by Pompeo and as usual he has no spine.
Of course. Did you expect anything else?
Spineless Paul. Where did his alleged integrity go?  He believed Trump, the most lying, misleading, and conniving president in history.  Is he a gullible as he is gutless?
Big red wave 2018
Once again @RandPaul and all the other big mouth @GOP sycophants folds like a cheap lawnchair, and puts a dangerous warmongering racist in charge of DIPLOMACY??
He loves having bigwigs beg for his favor.
Spineless
Senator Joe Donnelly has announced on Twitter that he is supporting Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State.
Assurances from Trump? That's supposed to mean something?
So much for personal conviction.
Guess he will not be back on NBC or MSNBC for a while not until he bashes POTUS again
This is  a FORCE to VOTE > YES  .. Pompeo was SEND to K.N. >
 No clearance, no confirmation .This is Trump being Trump
this guy sure loves attention
Of course wondering how much  and who paid the Ransom
The Democrats don't care about this country. They will do everything they can to go against Trump. Obstructionists. There are a lot of Republicans that are the same. We need to start cleaning out Congress.
Follow the promises...
It's always the same BS with Rand Paul, we have see this show before & TV News Orgs make it a story every time until he caves. SPARE US NEXT TIME. PAUL CLAIMS HE STANDS FOR SOMETHING, BECAUSE HE DOESN'T
Just called Coleman suggesting a new folding lawn chair model for this summer: “The Rand Paul Chair”. It looks strong and sturdy but folds rather easily with the slightest push.
Same crap, different day for Rand Paul. Say one thing, do another.
Rand Paul is sell out,wonder what they gave or offer him
And who thought he wouldn't?
it's not enough.. we need a militarily size budget to clean earth!!
@RandPaul is a poser who has as much credibility as @tedcruz , which is none. Both have had the same game plan since coming to Senate...get their face in front of a camera & preach a far right ideology while actually accomplishing nothing while making backroom political deals
He will be busy looking for his list balls
@RandPaul the ultimate hypocrite grandstander
Surprise! Surprise!  RP knew he would all along ..as in faker!

@RandPaul is a grandstander in the first degree.
No surprise.
I thought he had a spine. I was very wrong about that.
What a wuss. No one believed him when he said he would not vote for him.
Who are the three lone DEMS that caved?
Rand Paul: the Senate’s equivalent of a blade of grass in the wind.
R.Paul is as much of a coward as the rest of the republicans.
Dear Marc Lotter: Once the traitors are removed from our government, Dems will want to help confirm nominees of a Patriotic POTUS. tRUmp is MOB. He nominates minions. #SemionMogilevich  #BlueTsunami2018 
Dems have no interest in doing business of the American people only donors and hate mongers
Coward
Paul does this quite a bit, he loves the attention and power these last minute flips bring him! He’s all talk, no action.
To be a fan of Rand is to believe that words mean much more than actions.
ALERT THE MEDIA---" KY KURLY TOP KAVES!"
Republicans are scum!
Head like Brillo. Spine like jello.
Rand Paul is a loudmouth showboat who rarely, if ever, follows through with his threats.
@RandPaul is the sorriest excuse for a politician there is!!
Republicans are garbage people.
Breaking news!! Rand Paul is an idiot.
@RandPaul you make me very sick. Why do you even bother to open your mouth?
Rand Paul Weasley changing his mind at the last minute? I’m shocked. Shocked!
Excuse me. Weasleishly
He does it again!! SSDD
Rand Paul is always trying to make himself relevant.  He is less than nothing and should not be in Congress.  He is supposed to work for America.  Chooses his personal power 1st.
@RandPaul you are the most useless of all Senators. What a wet noodle.
RIP Avicenna
.@GarrettHaake for MVP
Best yet.
Now we just need your Dez and .@HallieJackson’s DAWKINSSSSS to do a bull in the ring, live
So surprised....!
So...was it a bribe or blackmail that got him to change his vote???

How easily they are flipped
Big surprise from drama queen Paul. The a- hole always caves. He stands for nothing.
Rand* so furious my fingers don’t work!!
Lol
@RandPaul is always bluster and then backs down. This isn’t surprising.
Paul sells out again nothing new there.  He talks a good game and then rolls over. Leadership is nothing he will be known for,  Just another Trump Stooge
For the right price hawkish views are okay I guess.
Rand Paul knew he would http://switch.talk  is cheap
Rand Paul’s hold out is just a publicity stunt
As usual.
Let’s see, will he be strutting at the state dinner tonight?  Makes me sick.
I know George Washington will be turning in his grave.
Knowing that rather than confirm a potential excellent Person a political party used the Advise and consent clause to give into donors and share hate rather than responsibility. Shameful not to confirm
...smh...
