#BootPruitt
Please come back really soon Kristin is letting that hack Mercedes shlapp not answer questions and talk over her.
Pruitt heard the hookers were the best in Moscow. Unfortunately, he confused Moscow and Morocco, #Sad .
Spending my money 
belly dancing?
Gambling in Rick’s?
Something to do with $$$$$$$$?
A repeatedly asked question that repeatedly gets ignored. Inquiring minds want to know!
Oh yes, slippery Scott doing what comes naturally....
Pruitt is a crook.
Using his cone of silence to call Maxwell Smart
Oil interests!
Legend has it they make a mean Mithril Desk in the Atlas Mountains, so....
I'm sure glad you are on the job during this unreal time. Pruitt needs to be locked up. IMO Pruitt was corrupt back to his days in Oklahoma and his secret phone booth is for big oil and big chemical to rape our country
His landlady's husband is in the liquefied natural gas business
Earning his oil and gas commission.
Selling out the country as most money greedy white people have who own big companies.
Corrupt.. corrupt.. corrupt!!!!
Selling influence, peddling access, and just robbing the US Treasury.
I’m, I think the official term is “boondoggling.”  He was on a boondoggle in Morocco.  Duh.
Morocco was an excuse to go shopping in Paris?
He was experiencing luxury travel. Period.
Teaching them to despoil their environment?
LNG imports are not part of the EPA jurisdiction and I believe we have enough LNG in our own country.  In reality, he was again wasting our money.
Duh... apartment hunting
Looking for a new "cone of silence" maybe?
@EPAScottPruitt  needs to go. period.  We have a #ComplicitGOP and an impotent dumbos @SpeakerRyan and @SenMajLdr supporting a corrupt admin that is undermining our democracy.
He’s an effing crook. He’s robbing the taxpayers as he sets himself up for an insane bump in wealth once he leaves office. He’s the SWAMP KING 
Riding the Marrakech Express?
Selling......out
Great book
Continuing his global air quality investigation.
#FirePruittNow   He thinks he has unlimited resources
Katy, can anyone explain why Pruitt is still employed as EPA Secretary? 

There’s NO reason Trump has for keeping him around EXCEPT to use him in some way to fire Mueller

Is there another reason?
I love your, as you say, "very terrible" French accent. It made me turn to page 9 of your book, from which I now quote:

"Mais, Katy, you need to learn," he says.

"Pff," I say. "I know 'pff.' That's enough."
Probably met Oklahoma Governor Mattress Mary Fallin at the crooked politician convention there.
Interviewing.
Spending our money
Prob buying a rug to go with his desk
Meeting a Nazi General at Rick's place?
Robbing Americans and ensuring his prison sentence
Lobbyist for his landlords
I somehow doubt it was to look at issues around desertification...
did you ever look at Obama’s Cabinet members travel. Nah... that would be Journalism.
Moroccan Rollin’
Hashish is legal there?

I'm guessing he couldn't get into Lessocco.
These guys are just having fun while the party lasts—until Trump is jailed or otherwise removed from office. #Resist
Looking out for the preservation of our good Earth?
Took his girlfriend on vacation with a layover in Paris and unfortunately missed their “early” Paris flight to Morocco and had to spend 2 nights in Paris and only then one night in Morocco for “business”. Rachel Maddow had it all last week.
Ask @maddow.  She broke this story last week.
Traveling on my dime. 
Letting us eat cake.
Isn't  it enough that he's trying to ruin our environment?
At least the dollar trades well against the dirham ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Doing what everyone in the Trump Administration is doing: using the United States taxpayer to fund personal vacations for their families and/or personal trips to secure huge deals for their friends, where they will work after he's impeached as a part-time "advisor" for $850K/yr.
So far, only 95 people have RT’d this obvious question: What the fuck was Scott “Is this my airplane?” Pruitt doing in Morocco? 

Taxpayers want to know.
Collecting some graft?
How’s that swamp draining going?!
Riding camels? Something I never even did during my childhood. They bite and spit too much. Eating lambs eyes , a delicacy for some Bedouins. Looking for lost treasures in the sweeping sands of the western  Sahara? Secret meetings with aging KGB types? Getting a suntan?
Scoring some dope?
Not working for the EPA or the American people.... you can take that to the bank!
Doing a sales pitch for a company largely owned by a friend of Trump (Carl Icahn).

Pruitt is corrupt AF and needs to be investigated & prosecuted.
PLAY IT AGAIN SAM, FOR OLD TIMES SAKE.
MAGA
The head of the EPA was wasting taxpayers' money while in Morocco!

Must be fantastic to be WEALTHY and get to take outrageous trips or make outlandish purchases with taxpayers' money.
High-stakes jewel heist?
Naturally, to smoke hashish and opium. Isn't that why we all go there?
Naked Lunch devotee?
Vigorously pursue this Katy!
I’m so over all of this shit. They are getting away with murder. And not one single GOP will hold them accountable. I can’t wait til we take back the house and senate. And I don’t want to hear shit from the right when we don’t bring one of their votes to the floor
Pimping LNG for Carl Icahn on the taxpayer’s tab.
that was my question.
Selling liquid natural gas for Carl Icahn
Maybe he was looking for rugs.
Go to Manafort for that.
Let's ask Jay Goldberg
Have fun storming the castle!!
What you don’t watch @maddow? She did this story last week.
Those payoffs from the gas industry ain’t gonna pay themselves.
Other than a fun weekend stop in Paris, on taxpayer’s dime, while enroute to a questionable Morocco sales call?
Dinner.
My guess is waisting more taxpayers money.
Spending MORE of our money and up to no good, that's what. #FirePruitt
Promoting sustainable and clean transport with luxurious camel tours. 
@realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Instead of attacking DOJ, FBI, tRump should fire Pruitt NOW.
Hard to get good saffron stateside?
They have some clean water over there and Scott just couldn't have that...

#Deplorables
Inspecting the next coastal cities to disappear
Just ask @maddow ...she told us last week.
Negotiating prices on rugs for his office
And Ben Carson's office
