And she is correct. Don't shy away from the truth, Katy.
This whole putrid regime is corrupt. Why should Mulvaney be any different.
The swindle tax cuts is a form of a pay raise for all of congress and congress republicans need to have more money from lobbyists and most in congress make well over $250.000.00 and still crying poor mouth goes with there low moral values #GREED
She (and every other politician) ought to know.
Of course it’s corruption. It’s also the exact same thing the Trump campaign attacked Clinton for doing. But the Trumpkins will surely not admit the blatant hypocrisy.
aka DEPLORABLE
She be right.
Joy reid hates gays and liberals turn a blind eye.  Every msnbc host should be ashamed of their silence.  Joy claims some of those anti gay posts she made, but others were faked.  If you believe that, you are not bright.
So does the whole world.  Textbook definition of corruption.
it is called the truth as many other lawmakers do the same as Mr. Mulvaney.  Now all can openly say give them money for what corporations/banks want because the voters accept this new corrupt government.
shes right
Bribery
No doubt
She must take a DNA test first before she can call anyone corrupt
What else is it? I’ll only talk to you if you gave me money... Sounds corrupt to me.
I think the real reason @SenWarren is calling @MickMulvaneyOMB’s comments “corruption” is because it is the textbook definition of corruption.
American politicians - the best money can buy! ‘Manipulating lawmakers with campaign contributions is one of the “fundamental underpinnings of our representative democracy,” Mulvaney explained. “And you have to continue to do it.”’ In ‘sh$th$les’ they call it corruption! USA USA!
22 years of Manifort corruption and bank fraud and just now he's being investigated?

Please.
If anyone knows about corruption its this gal.
Well really, proof of corruption that we already knew existed.  He just provided the smoking gun
Of course, it is influence peddling plain and simple and he should be arrested and charged by the police.
Because... That’s exactly what it is.
