Oh Katy. First your French & now this. How can anyone not love you? 
There’s always Bob Loblaw also who was a very early supporter now waiting for the call...
This was me, #KatyTur. Thanks for that-I needed it today!
When I listen to Cohen, Mayor Rudy and, now, Goldberg, I feel like I am watching an old Damon Runyon movie with trump as the Lemondrop Kid. “Watch our youse FBI guys, Lemondrop is here & youse R in for a rub out “
And warn me when Bob Loblaw is about to show up. That guy sucks.
sweet corn?
You love Phish, Arrested Development and news/politics?!?! @KatyTurNBC we need to hang out the next time you’re in LA! Hope you enjoy your #420 off  #seshgoal
I am happy veterans will have a remedy for PTSD that is better then the narcotics they take now.
In this case, I believe that Saul is a better fit.

Funny you should mention that. I mean I JUST got a tweet
Ayyyyyy. 
The Fonz!
Damn, was just about to type the same lol
Happy Days
Saul Goodman gets first dibs
BOB LOBLAW LOBS LAW BOMB
Wake me up before you go-go

Lol
Better Call Saul.
It’s the Fonz
henry winkler ???


As soon as I saw this I couldn't wait to relive AD in the responses. Who knew Arrested Development was prophetic?
Ha!
Best tweet of the day award goes to you Katy!!
played by Henry Winkler.
My money is bringing Jackie Chiles out of retirement. He can't be as freakin' old as Giuliani
Maritime law is tricky.

Donny “Better CALL Saul!”

Is the president in an ambulance?
Are you sure that's not Henry Winkler, The Fonz
What about Vinnie Gambini?
@BetterCallSaul

What about Bob Loblaw?
I lol’d.
come on it is Bob Loblaw that is needed!
I personally prefer Bob Loblaw

Maybe he should read Bob Loblow’s Law Blog.
Bob Loblaw’s law blog on law and all things lawyerly. Bob Loblaw!
He can’t. Conflicted due to his son being under investigation.....
Bob Loblaw is a better choice. Plus: they know each other.
Hyperchicken lawyer will be next...
“Mr. Simpson, the state bar forbids me from promising you a big cash settlement.  But just between you and me, I promise you a big cash settlement.” – Lionel Hutz.
I understand this guy Bob Loblaw is very good. Trump might want to see if he's available.
The funniest tweet of the week! @KatyTurNBC ... perfect!
Take to the sea!
Wake ME up in the morning dew.
@BetterCallSaul
Trump could use a good attorney-at-law. Up till now, he’s had an attorney outlaw !
With a name like that, his clients should include progressive editors and manchild moguls !
The time is approaching, Ms. Tur.
President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence remind me of Jim Lahey and Randy from Trailer Park Boys on Netflix.

How about Lionel Hutz from The Simpsons?
Isnt that the Fonz???
Omg literally just talking about this
Trump's whole problem is that his lawyer has an effing moron for a client.
Or at the very least, Bob Loblaw
I think he already has been.
I see Cohen more of a Lionel Hutz
Aka Miguel Sanchez
Are you sure he's not the Fonz stuntdouble?
Maybe @POTUS should hire @Bob_Loblaw__  @portiaderossi

I always knew I loved you Katy!
If Barry’s not available, may I suggest Bob Loblaw?

I would watch that @HBO show called #BarryHBO if it was about @barryzuckerkorn @ScottBaio
Sorta looks like Henry Winkler.
Not as good as Bob Loblaw.
Bob Loblaw is the obvious choice for Trump.

The will.. is not here. The will is at my office, by the hot plate with the frayed wires.
Better call Saul
What about Bob Lob Law?
Wake me when Avanetti is off the air.
He looks like Henry Winkler
We all know this is a Bob Loblaw case.
why wait for Barry when you can have a Micheal who doesn’t specialize in maritime  law
"It's a loophole, they can't arrest a lawyer and his client for the *same crime*."
My husband and I quote the "you can't convict a husband and wife of the same crime" line to each other ALL THE TIME.
I think he worked for Dewey Cheatem and Howe at one time.
He's teaching acting now. Still very good

You're very odd... #MSNBCisFakeNews
Don’t sleep on Michael
The only lawyer in America, the world in fact, specializing in Testicular Recognition.
That's why I want to settle: I'm not 'super prepared'
Michael Avenatti is also a Newport Beach, CA lawyer, so it's only natural Barry joins the case at some point.
Jacoby and Myers are up next!
“take to the sea!!”
Is he a good guy or a bad guy???
I’m a Canadian Blue Waver’!)
TAKE TO THE SEA
That was the best joke in the entire Season 4. And the way young Barry delivered it (and played by Henry's son, too!)
Lets have SDNY raid his offices and disclose his client lists.  Then we'll see how well he performs under Kimba Woods' jack-boot.
Loved your French!
That's what we call a law-bomb.
One thing I miss about my childhood is Fonzie. Love this guy. Always will.
Someone on their team needs to consult Bob Loblaw's Law Blog immediately!
He'd call the Fonze, too.
OMG
Real talk: Henry Winkler looks so much like Cohen it's not funny
Chareth Cutestory. He works in maritime law.
Isn't Bob Loblaw already on the team.
Or @ScottBaio whose last major role was as Bob Loblaw.
Its going to be his last role, too!
He looks like The Fonz!

Gene Parmesan!!!!
Looks like Henry Winkler.
LOL
Um, obviously it will be Bob Loblaw.
It’s Michael Cohen!
Better call Saul.
