Someone had to do the Trump-Macron dandruff Veep closing credits thing: 
On point.
How do you think Trump would feel if he turned to him and fixed his hair piece? What a tool
Poor baby just had to try to demean Macron one way or another.
@realDonaldTrump , the perpetual 3 year old.

Dear God, make this nightmare end
Get over it, Trump won, he has made so many achievements, he's actually making history, sorry your crooked corrupted Hilary lost, u can't say a single bad thing about #potus, 1of the best we have had in yrs, so go ahead & u act like u r 5 & bash #POTUS if it  makes u feel better
What's a dandruff Veep?
I loved "The Doors" group for its acknowledged seizure of a peripatetic message. Jim Morrison was the essence of a rock-poet, driven to excess with the aid of mind-expanding drugs like LSD and marijuana, etc., Morrison's music was cerebral, psychotic, beautiful, mind-wrenching,
Not only could no good come from that, if anyone had done so to me or in my presence, not only would I stoically endure it for the greater good of the audience (including TV viewers). The image will be televised, repeatedly referred to and denied by Trump or a surrogate. Sarah?
He’s such an axx!
Crazier than abed bug
At first glance, I thought it said macaron. :^)

What an inappropriate, obnoxious . And I like pigs!
People keep commenting on how this is a "power move" but I'm sorry, he looks like Gary Walsh or a 1960's wife ostentatiously fussing over her man.

It's not a good look.
Awkward!!!! Idiot!!!!!!

Trumps flakes from his Barbie hair, hairspray flakes off just like that!  I remember from the 80’s.  This whole thing reminds me of the 80’s. Being shallow was “In”

Political dandruff - it's a MAGA thing...
So embarrassing.
ذحين انتي عندك مشكلة شخصية معايا و لا ايش
Answer me please 
When will be the third season of " this is us
بيكون فيه موسم ثالث لكن ماحددوا موعد بدايته للحين وغالبا بيكون في شهر 9 او 10 ميلادي
الاهم من المسلسل انها ترد عليا 
قليل ترد على المنشن
ايش رايك بالمسلسل
من افضل ما شفت الصراحة
تعرف مسلسلات دراما زيه
The Leftovers
