So, @jaketapper I walked in and this is what was happening at the office:
Awesome
I'm ordering it!
Honored!!! Thank you!!!
I started reading this morning and it is fantastic!! When I like a book I don’t stop reading until I finish it and finish it I did. My family isn’t too happy with dinner (I told them to make a sandwich) I really enjoyed it. 
Thank you! So glad you liked it
Is it free?  Usually crap is free. Unless it’s packaged manure. Is yours also good for gardening?
Can’t wait to start it!!
Thank you!!
Read it. It was literally as bad as I thought it would be.
Next on my reading list 
OMG THIS GIF ROCKS! What did you type to get it? I rank this up there beach chair guy
Funny!! 
Thanks! Try "reading"
When did you find time! You’re always working. I wish I had your focus 
My favorite type of novel written by my favorite news anchor, cartoonist, journalist.....sounds like a perfect Mother Day gift! 
Jake Tapper on CNN Like...
If I had a show I’d do the same thing lol
I should be studying for finals...but instead I headed to Amazon and bought a new book.
JAKE TAPPER: *looks at his beyond-full schedule*
JAKE TAPPER: On top of everything, I think I'll write a novel.

ME: *looks at her beyond-wanting schedule*
ME: I should wear panty hose today, but that's a lot of energy.

ALSO ME: *orders Jake Tapper's novel*
A fool & their money...
Can’t wait to read your book!
@JakeFapper no thanks
[Redo] Congrats! That’s a lot of intrigue... 

Speaking of McCarthy, I just discovered this letter to Truman from my great uncle, in which he defends his friend from “the attack by Senator McCarthy.”  https://www.trumanlibrary.org/whistlestop/study_collections/mccarthyism/documents/index.php?documentid=B42_03-03&pagenumber=2 …
Not on your life. #clownconspiracynetwork
Pass
Just got here!! I can’t wait to get started 
You’re my favorite CNN anchor, can’t wait to get a copy! Congratulations 
I don't shop Fiction till late summer  but thx for invite 
Just ordered on Amazon. Can't wait to read it!!
*heads to Amazon*
Perfect. MSM talking head produces a “novel.” Nothing different from what he does daily on the nightly news! #FakeNews
I don't  read fiction of any kind
Only if you die in the end
Lol
Matthew wins Twitter today.
Jake you can’t write!
Bot.
Tintin is a bot!
I think you are confusing a cartoon character with a bot.
Nope. Just wanted to show you how easy it is to say “bot” when you don’t agree with what someone said. 
Nope. They are likely bots according to http://botcheck.me . Of course, it’s an inexact science.
Is it available in Canada Jake?
Yes I bought mine at http://Amazon.ca  I'm 125 pages into it and it's fantastic!
Thanks Jacqueline! 
Your welcome. I see your in Hamilton.I lived there for a year and loved it.
Yes I was born here and have lived here most of my life.  I like it lol...
NO WAY
In the fiction section
As fictional as CNN reporting.
I save all my fiction for @cnn.
Just saw you narrated it! Audiobook purchased!
Mazel-tov!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #HellfireClub @Jaxgma3235 @dahlia201 @taxvictim
No thanks. Non-fiction is hard enough to imagine.
Thanks for proving that you are better at fiction than fact in this #FakeNewsCNN world.
Consumers pay for the news not for book promotions
@Scaramucci ill use it for starting a fire.
Let me borrow it first.
too late
Oh, well, I bought it.  Careful with that fire.
keep the receipt and take it back before ut drops to 30% off
Thanks for the advice. Kindle version. Perfectly fine price.
Have ordered it! Should be here Monday!
Is this novel a compilation of all your “news” reports on the president? If so it belongs in the fairy tale section. #MAGA
Boy oh boy. Saw this  on Ellen today at the Dr’s office.  What hatred for our Phenomenal President from Queens. !
Using your job on television for some free publicity. Interesting...
Just started it. It is almost impossible to put down.
And I’m reading it with my iPad handy to fill out my incomplete knowledge about people like Estes Kefauver ( so far).
Fiction novel = fake news.

Way to go, Jake. You're proving Trump right.
Let me know when you write a book about how corrupt #CNNf #FakeNews truly is, then I may think about it. 
#DrainTheSwamp
#DeepState
#TheStormIsHere
#TrustThePlan
#TheGreatAwakening
#MAGA
#QAnon
#ReleaseTheVideo
#LockThemAllUp
#wednesdaythoughts
I'll wait and get it from the dollar rack.  Should be in about a week.
Hi Jake, FYI the Eagles won the Super Bowl and the Sixers just advanced to the second round of the playoffs. Just thought you should know
So glad you wrote another book to subsidize your meager salary.  I worry that you “news” celebs are having a hard time making ends meet.  
As if you need another vehicle to stroke your giant ego.
Well done.
C'mon Hugh, @jaketapper is a Liberal Hack who never disclosed his COI with gun control group but then held a townhall that was an Anti NRA forum. He also never came clean on the CNN/Brazile debate cheating!! I'll never buy his book!
Not if I were confined to bed for the rest of my natural life.
Or give your money to something that will make a real difference.
Just got the Audible version!
I promise to Kindle it tomorrow!
America will be honored if @CNN ever starts reporting the news.
Hey! Jake Tapper! You should check out mine too!  https://www.amazon.co.uk/Brian-Brackbrick-Hazard-Harry-Hatman/dp/197836699X …
I wrote a novel too.  It’s about a no-talent media personality who bought a $4M house on a$350K salary.
Nope. The farce called American news is enough fiction for me.
#WhenElitesBeg
This is a joke right Jake?
Nope
Pimpin' ain't easy!
Hey! I'll pass fake Jake 
Are you doing a book tour??  Come to the @KatzJCC !!

@JCCBookFestival
If it’s anywhere as good as The Outpost, this will be a great investment. Congrats!
Good grief, what’s with all the haters?! If you don’t like @jaketapper, then unfollow him and keep your vitriol to yourself. Congratulations, Jake! I’m looking forward to the read!
Right I'd buy that book to wipe my a$$...2nd thought my a$$ is better than that.
Jake, I'll read yours if you read mine.  

(Although, I'll probably read yours anyway.)
Eat shit Jake
Fiction exactly what you do best
That did it for me. Ordering now!
Mine arrived today.  Might have to take a sick day tomorrow!
I got mine. Can’t wait to jump in!
got my copy today boo
Finished Fire and Fury, now reading Comey’s book, and the Hellfire Club will definitely next!
Buying it on Amazon today and looking forward to the read 
Good fire starter
I’d rather read the back of the toothpaste tube. @AJW1020 @RealJamesWoods
No will NOT buy More Fiction from you! You are an expert with that Genre! Lol! 

Tapper, you magnificent bastard, I proofread your book! (With apologies to the Georges [C. Scott and S. Patton].)
Because we always want news reporters to dabble in fiction.
Does it include anything besides information on the Stormy Daniels case?
I need that paycheck to hit so I can grab my copy!
My signed copy from East City was mailed out today!
FICTION.
Audible you are a fantastic reader
Looking forward to reading it! All that down time paid off.
if i wasn’t a broke college kid i would’ve bought this already
I suppose I can go out and get a copy
Been a fan since meeting you in SWFL back in the '90s at a wedding.  Congrats @jaketapper and the book landed on my doorstep today!
Anything in it about the #AwanBrothers ? OR is there really a blackout over at CNN?
Since @bradmeltzer gave it a great review, and I LOVED his new book, I’ll be picking up #thehellfireclub this weekend, for sure!
Up next a coffee table book of pictures featuring @WinstonTapper please. 
"NOT A CHANCE" ANYONE THAT GO'S OUT-OF-HIS-WAY TO DIVIDES OUR BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY DOESN'T DESERVE THE RIGHT TIME OF DAY " SO @jaketapper YOU CAN TAKE THAT BS NOVEL OF YOUR AND YOU CAN STICK-IT-WHERE-THE SUN-DON'T-SHINE 
How did you have time? You’re amazing!
Will you be having any book signings in Princeton?
No thx hard pass
Did you put your gilded copy next to your #WHCA award for fake news?
what??? You don't spread enough fake news over the air.  You have to write more garbage after working hours.  #FNN #ShitholeNewsNetwork
Shamelessly plugged! Go for it!
Yeah, this guy wrote a "Novel" too.  Problem is, no one can decide if it's fact or fiction.  I would suppose your "novel" will be judged in the same manner. After all, when a Puppet of the Corporate Controlled Liberal Propaganda Media writes anything. Who can believe it as fact?
@CNNSotu 
Reading Trumpocrasy now,
You're next on my list..
I saw this and thought "but is it by THE Jake Tapper?"
Well, Jake Tapper has a lot of experience with fiction.
Um no
What a novel idea Jake, but no thanks
Why do you only link to one source. Think about indiebound or at least suggest indie stores as an alternative
Who cares loser 
Just bought on Audible. Look forward to “reading” it!
Cool!  I’ll also make sure our public library orders it!!
Sorry, but I get enough fiction from CNN “news”.
Congratulations! Will definitely check it out!
Be careful  Acosta wants your show!
When do you sleep?
Lock up #Clinton & her #CircleOfJerks...
#JakeClapper
#FakeTapper
#FakeNews
Go f&ck yourself.

I bought it for my Nook, so I can't tweet a pic of my nose stuck in it, but take my word for it. You hit the ground running, great tone and pace.

Ordering my copy tomorrow!
I'll use it to line the bird cage. That's where it belongs.
Join the club. Cashing in the anti Trump Fake News. Not a cent to u.
No thanks.
Conflict of interest lol i would only buy a signed copy :) (along w/ coffee...maybe :D)
Definitely ..
Your daily news reports are fiction.
I love to read anything you write Jake, except I am kinda broke right now..                          (Little secret): a small giveaway never hurt anybody
Congratulations
Can’t wait to buy it!!!
Don’t forget to sign mine!!! (Please & Ty) Still waiting for it to come.
Don’t make me hunt you down for a signature.
#notachanceinhell
Would you be honored if I wiped my ass with it every morning for the next 2 months? If so, then I will gladly check it out.
I think I will.
As soon as I finish Ainsley Earhardt's "The Light within Me."  @ainsleyearhardt
Not gunna do it.  Wouldn’t be prudent.
My baby has a book out! I'm buying!
like comey....NOBODY CARES!
Everything on CNN is fiction.
It got delivered to my Kindle yesterday, but, I'm waiting until I can read it undisturbed this weekend! Can't wait.
But does it have aliens working with the deep state to enact global mind control?
It's a wonderful historical novel, and a great mystery. When you read it, look for the really funny blank verse lines of random conversation that every so often spice the narrative.  Priceless in building the atmosphere of this era. Please keep writing, Jake.
Not a chance. I’m familiar with your work. #CNNISFAKENEWS
Ok, you already amazed me with your cartoonist talent. Not to mention the awesome journalist part. Now a novelist?! You, my dear Jake, are a true Renaissance man. Congrats!
You do some great work. Why does this completely rub me the wrong way? Oh yeah it’s because pitching your own book on your show smacks of Ivanka doing product placement when she plays Secretary Of State. Or when O’Reilly did it.
When is the book going to be available on Audible?
@jaketapper The lowest rated advocate in cable news!  Verified
I just ordered it for my Kindle.  Starting it tonight!
you made feel triggered
Already have plenty of toilet paper, but thanks 
Are there pictures?
And at @BNBuzz
You're gonna be so stinking rich!
Nice to live in a capitalistic country isn’t it?
Boooooooooooo!
@CNNPolitics @FoxNews  #fakejakebook #fakebook. Where is the honor of working for CNN? I used to respect you but now u r just another pawn for your owner.
You are a hell fire writer!
No way, Thanks but no thanks you have lost any credibility you may have once had. Call it the “boomerang effect.”
@cnn @foxnews That’s very good Jakey So now we have a new term dedicated to CNN.  #fakebooks.
Probably more truth to it than your reporting
No thanks

It's waiting at home for me!!
Is it about Mutants? @Marvel might want to chat.
I’m in the mood for crocheting now but it’s first on my summer reading list Jake! Love you so!!

Loving this book! Just a tremendous read, and insightful! Well-done, Jake! Pax & thx!
Yeah we know.
Started reading. Wonderful so far! Everyone should pick it up.
Hey, @jaketapper, stop being good at stuff. K? Jeez.
Congrats.  Now try journalism !!
No thanks.
It is moving to the top of my reading list 
No thanks Jake.  I can’t support you.
Bought it for my Kindle
Whoa. I am so so so SO aware that you wrote a book! Man, you sure do know how to get the word out! Good job. I hope you are doing just as good of a job getting the word out on what a scoundrel Trump is.
Not fictioned out with your daily gig?
No thanks you  lost credibility
How novel! You won't find me in any fiction or other section of a Borders-like book store. Since I was bitten by the bookworm when I was in college, graduate school and finally law school, I discovered and developed a penchant for realism, science and sub-genius, spirituality.
I would be honoured to read it.
Will get a copy for sure
NOPE!!!  #FakeNews
Just cracked it open on flight this morning and now wishing flight was 2 hours longer.  Great read!
No thanks
Can we buy it in the ?
Hey I wrote one too. I’d be honored if YOU would check out mine:
Hey I took a crap this morning. I’m sure it compares equally.
Patiently waiting for my copy to arrive. Sounds intriguing
