President Trump says Michael Cohen only handed a "tiny, tiny little fraction," of his legal deals. 

"He represents me like with this crazy Stormy Daniels deal,…
Oh yes, he wants a Special Master, but only if he has Dragon Energy
He just admitted he’s been in on this all along. The original lie was that Trump knew nothing about this. 

He didn’t have the energy or the brainpower to remember to stick to the story.
And Michael Avenatti is celebrating the gift @realDonaldTrump just gave him courtesy of Fox and Friends. Keep up the good work, @FoxNews hahaha!!!!
If this were an HBO episodic program, we all would have dumped out of it a season ago because the villains so are inept. It's laughable.
Please keep running this interview all day. Mega contradictions throughout the interview. Oh boy!
And the dumbass @realDonaldTrump admitted Cohen represented him in the stormy Daniels matter when he previously said he had no idea.  Cc: @MichaelAvenatti
Reaction of @realDonaldTrump’s “current” lawyers upon seeing his appearance on @foxandfriends....
There can only be so many coffee boys.
Nothing you say matters, until you apologize to @ChelseaClinton .
So he’s saying he knew about the Stormy Daniels payment
That is what I would interpret from his statement. To be honest, not a well thought out statement
My son just gave me your book for my birthday! Can't wait to read.
Next Trump will tell us he hardly knew him
What @realDonaldTrump is saying is that the chorus of this song is absolutely correct. Cohen only handled a "tiny, tiny, little fraction" of Trump's problems - relatively speaking.
a tiny fraction of Trump's legal deals could still represent a large portion of Cohen's legal work. I see partisans jumping to absurd conclusions on what Trump said wrt Cohen
What he said a few weeks ago was that he didn't know anything about the payment. If Cohen had power of attorney to deal with certain matters of his, it's possible Cohen had freedom to sign such deals on his behalf without pre-notification
He has no idea what he’s saying. Totally unhinged.

So the stack of Attorney-Client privilege documents will be tiny tiny. Most judges handle this sort of thing with an in-camera inspection of the documents submitted with a privilege log. Judge Wood will then rule and release the tiny tiny stack of non-privileged documents. Easy
After Trump LIED to the country he now ADMITS he KNEW about the STORMY SITUATION
Yesterday Pres lawyers send letter to go over Cohen docs. Today lawyers understand why so many other firm said no to representing him.
I also watch the anchors on this show trying to mentally stop the facepalms they must feel coming.  This was supposed to be a HUGE get, the POTUS interview, but it will be historical for other reasons.  His own downfall.
At some point @foxandfriends will need to disassociate themselves with this #stablegenius if they want to keep their credibility (if possible) as a news show.
I can't believe how much Trump sound's like Captain Queeg (Bogart) in The Caine Mutiny this morning. Fox & Friends anchor had no idea what to do. This is so sad and scary.

The Caine Mutiny 1954  Humphrey Bogart Court scene https://youtu.be/CLUZ0Nv7UH4   via @YouTube
Trump-ese...”tiny fraction” = “everything”
What? Are you a journalist? There is 100% a need for a Special Master because Cohen has other clients. Why do you hate the Constitution?
He also admitted on live tv that Cohen was his atty for Daniels. Happy birthday Melania, in case you wondered I totally screwed a pornstar.
Apologize to @ChelseaClinton !!
Just bcs it's a tiny fraction doesn't mean it's a small amount! People suck at math
President is off the rails
Trump is crazy to open his mouth about any ligation going on with him.
Righhhhhhht??!?!? 
We all know the script Sarah Sanders will recite this afternoon.  Denials on the horizon.  And it’s the Press’ fault.
So you feel unsafe as a journalist during this administration, but not under Obama's when journalists were wiretapped & jailed?
special master.
Hahaha, master...

Also, king of the castle...

Noted legal scholar Donald Trump
I don’t think he means there is no confidential info in those files. You just trying to be snarky?
@MichaelAvenatti Merry early Christmas Michael!
Sounds like the vast majority of what they collected isn’t going to be covered under atty-client privilege.
Next thing you know Trump will be saying that he doesn't know Cohen.
But he is saying he needed representation with Stormy Daniels....even though he has repeatedly lied that he ever met the woman!!
But he's still willing to pour through all the evidence. Nobody's more dedicated to the rule of law than he is.
Taint Team. #TaintTeam
Sounds like it. And I’m sure Cohen never told Trump the details of any of the cases for which he represented him. Most of the time, Cohen had nothing to do.
He is such a bad liar. Truly bad.... @realDonaldTrump
Exactly.
So.... his statement on Air Force One regarding no knowledge of the Stormy Daniels case is, once again, an out and out lie??…
Wow, so there must be dozens of not hundreds of NDAs out there since we only know about a tiny fraction
Trump is such a PUTZ! Loving it though 
Sad
Yeah but those were the ones that were the most illegal.  See u could have put a lot of those questions to rest if u had released your tax returns.
Whew - attorney client privilege survives - just have to be an attorney
#donthecon
Oops-45 steps on dick...again!
Even if there is any attorney-client privilege with Stormy Daniels payment, which seems doubtful, that payment can be deemed a violation of the federal election laws, thereby vitiating privilege under crime-fraud exemption. Checkmate.
Fox hosts faces tell it all-
He literally picked coffee up for me one morning.
@realDonaldTrump is losing it. His house of cards is about to come crashing down.
He stepped on his.....tie....several times in this interview.
Fox and Fiends is a call-in show?
Someone’s opening statement for the hearing today just got rewritten
And no need for him to personally review thousands of documents?  Something is not adding up here.
Right, most of the confiscated documents are not client privileged. And he admitted to the stormy payoff. Will someone read this buffoon his Miranda rights, everything he says can be used in court. He too will be invoking the 5th for good reason.
#MichaelCohen only purchased “tiny, tiny little gloves” for @realDonaldTrump’s “tiny,tiny little hands”
Starting to be one heck of a Thursday isn’t it. My god.
Did he say that?
He’s also admitting to the Stormy Daniels deal 
Only a tiny fraction of his legal deals, but boy, a massive chunk of the illegal ones...
Every time @realDonaldTrump goes on the air, he helps all the legal cases surrounding him. @foxandfriends interview is another thorn.
A tiny tiny little special master.
Yeah. Our 71 year old genius president talks like Mr Rogers' audience.
That's what it sounds like.
