#CabinetOfCorruption 
#MickMulvany Admits, I can be bought by banker's. 
Why #GOPCorruption it's a con game, voters are the mark. 
#UNBELIEVABLE 
#GOPTaxScam
Got to be something illegal here. Any lawsuits in the offing?
@realDonaldTrump 's Swamp has become a Sewer that really stinks ~
Yeah not what was actually said
Once they figured out that they could get enough people to vote for them no matter how corrupt...they just wear their corruption like an a shiny metal. 
1/3 of this country is brainless. Honesty, scruples, ethics, a conscience, are not in their miserable vocabulary.
Just as crooked as Warren G Harding Administration
I’m still pissed about your tweet for Amy Chosick & against Chelsea Clinton. WTF, Katy?
Believable ;) Thank you for calling them out!
Just another swamp dweller hired by the Swamp Overlord
Its how its done in the mob.
Pay for play is frowned upon, just ask Rod Blogouvich (?). Republicans are very publicly celebrating it. I used to think they did care it it turns out the have absolutely no integrity or morality. Enemy of the people.
Honesty is the best policy, still waiting for the denial.#cannot fixStupid
He was just kidding
Business as usual.
Oh love u Katy but it’s time to GROW UP! That is how “biz as usual is done on Wash DC” BUT we the people keep fighting for the rule/Law etc-corruption is like toenail fungus-never goes away totally BUT we keep fighting the forever battle
They should publish a price list.

Of course, why else would Trump have appointed him if he was not sure he would support the big money and lobbies.
This is the swamp and to think a third of the country wants these goons in power to solve their problems...
Not only can be, but required
He's losing his marbles!
RIP Mick Mulvaney
Mulvaney needs to go!
You need to resign immediately!
It’s like having  the DEA head telling drug dealers how to get around the drug laws.. while getting paid for it. It’s obvious that Trumpsters care less about the swamp and more about who is in it. These clowns are blatantly doing it. Pruitt, Mulvany, Carson, Trump and Mar Lago.
Yeah, the Democraps have been doing that for some time !
My non-US friends cannot stop laughing at what we have turned into. 
Pay to play at it's finest.
Maybe so. Maybe not.
So crazy, and he still has a job
The surprise is that any of you find this surprising.... It is not a Trumpian thing.... It is a congressional thing...
So not OK!
I don't understand how anyone following this admin. can believe otherwise.
So yr admitting yr part of the swamp!?
Same guy who wants to end Meals on Wheels. #TrumpSwamp
Swamp creature
And evidently no one in DC gives a damn.
None of this was reported on Fox. Shocker.
The slimiest eel in the Trump moat.
At least he’s not a liar like Chelsea Clinton, right?
Not really
What’s amazing is that trumps base still love this ppl and follow them and vote for them even though they all do this stuff openly, because yeah this is them. Trump has just made them feel ok about admitting that they are for sale to the highest bidder & it has squat 2 do w them
It IS amazing. Hard for me to understand.
Totally unacceptable Mr.Mulvaney
No,  not unbelievable.  Perfectly believable.
If we don't rewrite campaign financing laws, this country will sink under the weight of its corruption.
Trump’s candidate
Pay me or else.....
Nothing new. We knew this before he stole the election.
Not so unbelievable. No one is surprised.
Why can't we just call the terrorists what they are. We all know they're destroying America. I guess we'll just have to wait for the dark money to dry up. Never imagined though, so many with money were so secretly evil.
Unfortunately it’s not unbelievable
Understand it America the GOP is willing to sell America out lobbyist must go should not even be allowed in Washington. Get rid of the lobbyist and all lobbyist and make the Senators in the house be about the people only only only
A blight on our society. We're going to hell.
It's the new transparency.
It would have been nice if a reporter asked SHS about this today during her press briefing
How is this allowed in the US? I don’t think Banana Republics are this brazen...

UNBELIEVABLE is what the entire Trump cabinet is! Corruption never before seen, secrecy, blatant misuse of funds, environmental regulations slashed, unqualified department heads in place. A circus, a dismal future unless priorities change,
Nothing surprises me anymore
No, no. Very believable but why are we not surprised?
old news...
#HowMuchIsThatMulvaneyInTheWindow ? #Mick4Sale
Mulvaney, Pruitt and others are just their to dismantle the federal govt and protections for individuals while protecting corpotate interests.  @CNN @maddow
I suppose him admitting that this was his SOP is news, but Citizens United made this the realpolitik quite a while ago.
Seriously!
Why does this man still have a job???
When will the graft be enough for congress. This is not a partisan issue, it is an oversight responsibility under the constitution, separate from party. It is time for both parties to stop the bickering and come together for the good of the Democracy.
How does Mulvaney still have a job today.  This is disgraceful.
Nope. This should not be a surprise when it comes to anyone in the Trump administration. It’s a country club atmosphere for this Cabinet, where insider deals, blatant lapses in ethics, and flat-out audacity while pursuing a greedy and hateful agenda are the norm.
Disappointing.
It is time for all the self serving millionaires and billionaires to be tossed out on their ears. Out with the old in with the new.
And what percentage of American’s children are getting ‘Home Schooled’ by an “unknown American” ideology these days? Sorry Katy...you have way too much work to do!!!!
And I mean, you have tooooooo much to ever get through. Hang in there girl....you’re good
That’s what this government is all about totally obvious. 100percent backed by republicans.
Payoff...payoff...payoff....only way for GOP to operate.....WOW..$$$$$
#LockThemUp !  Only the best people around you @realDonaldTrump ! Good job sir, the swamp is filled. #liar #UnfitToBePresident #maga?
He stated the obvious.  A truth well known albeit not explicitly made public in such a way before.
This is a well known fact-why are you shocked?
So now America is officially dead.
The drain the swamp attack ads are writing themselves.  This is campaign gold!
I think people always assumed that influence is bought but no one ever expected anyone in government would admit it. There is no honor in Trump World.
Sad but no longer not believable with this corrupt administration!! Media needs to constantly call them out!!
The most unbelievable thing being that to me this is bigger than Ronny Jackson and bigger than Kanye but you would never know it.
SWAMP PEOPLE. Where the fu*k is Tarantino, who should be directing this horror film.
I think Dick Wolf would be a good choice for director. Sam Waterston to play Mueller.
Surprise surprise A @realDonaldTrump cabinet member admits to fraud. As they say “The fish rots from the head down”.
Kudos to him for honesty
No fooling!!@#
Isn't that the very definition of corruption?
This is a CORRUPT ADMINISTRATION, anyone with half a brain saw this before the election, while pathetic female reporters were whinnying about being "DISSED" by Hillary Clinton! @mitchellreports @amychozick
Every single cabinet members are crooks, theives, corrupt aholes who only want what they can get for themselves and not what's best for Americans!
Bullshit
Duh ... yes it was rampant during the Chicago years Obamas time. I have it from a source that they were specifically discussing those Obama years.
The swamp has spoken!
Sadly,  not unbelievable.
Bribery is a-ok in the trump regime...
Sad to say, it’s not unbelievable. 
What IS sad is that it’s acceptable
Worse: It is totally believable.
The bankers already knew.
Everybody is shocked? Really? It started 4 Score and 7 Reagans Ago. #MAGA #ImpeachTrump
Totally, completely, absolutely, 100% believable
Katy! Unbelievable? Kinda sounds like par for the course, oui?
Katy, when you write your follow-up book on Trump may I suggest the title be "Typical". #trumptrainwreck
Where is the news here?  How naive do you think people are?  How’d you get your job?
You missed whole point, he said local constituents get free unfettered access to his office, team. then paid lobbyist. Paid lobbyist job ....is to pay. Cause they have mission         Which is practice Ive seen most anywhere.
Wow...there are No Words! The swamp is thriving!
They can stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and take a bribe of bags of cash and they won’t lose their base.
The campaign ad that writes itself. #trumptrainwreck
Oops, the truth slipped out.
Katy, believe it! It is a true statement.

So what is YOUR  problem.... 

Wait, I get it. You and MSNBC are not into the truth... 
Drain the swamp? They're damming the Potomac an flooding the place with crime and hypocrisy. #ImpeachTrump #Don'tBelieveThePropaganda @AmberRhea5
This giant festering boil on humanities butt essentially said "I'm a political prostitute and I'll do anything you want for money. No money, no  political honey."
Campaign donations are just legalized bribery.
Give credit to this a$$hole for being brutally honest about his blatant corruption.
Get the money out of politics!!!!  We need to fix this America!!!!  November 2018.
Fat cats in Washington...
However, control for smilers can’t be bought
Y'all are complicit in all of this. Your failure to vet both trump & sanders gave us this mess.
The whole presidency was bought. They are so full of themselves that they ate admitting it.
Swamp = drained?
Why 'unbelievable' with this administration? What would be unbelievable would be some moral, ethical actions for example.
WWJD
But....Hillary’s emails!
and Obama! don't forget...MILLARD FILLMORE!
@realDonaldTrump must be tired of so much #WinningBigly. #DrainTheSwamp
He admits he can be bought. He admits he has been bought. He recommends it.
Evil, gold digging Leprechaun. He explain to his Nana why he's disbanding Meals on Wheels yet?
What part don't you believe?
#FireMulvaney
Well graft is demonstrable I guess.
He just said what everyone already knows anyway.
As soon as the headline says, "Trump cabinet member" you just know you are about to find out something that any of the rest of us would end up in jail for.
It was even more clear than that. If you want to be heard, you must make a donation. Not even negotiable.
Be the swamp.
What an apostle of hell!
He doesn’t admit it.  He threatens them that they had better pay to play or else.  Height of corruption
The Swamp thickens...
And *should be
