I think they knew you had a hard time with the tater tots last weekend
Could you be any more boring?
You forgot the Breaking News!
I could use a lemon squeezer
Mmmmm-hmmm!
You need to take over Meet the Press
I've always wondered if it was water or coffee in all the anchor desks across the country. 
but where are the Tater Tots ??
Given the realities of the current American Experience, the current White House inhabitant and the fact that The Walking Dead is done for this year I'd need something stronger.
Side of tots? I heard @chrislhayes gets taters with his tea
Where is your Cliff Bar with that cold green tea?
No tater tots?
I love your show @KatyTurNBC   I used to love watching you on Charlie Rose, but that’s another story. Keep on keeping on....
They misspelled Katy Tur. 
R u kidding?  You can't get your own tea?
with a side of tater tots, right?
Still not tots tho
Your cute, but your daily playing devils advocate is disgusting. Since your reaching has zero foundation or facts.... you just like to do it. Your not that clever so please stick to facts
#teamgreentea
I prefer strong coffee w/ cream & sweetener.
Cool
Did they get you you’re well deserved tater tots too?
*your
Wait maybe I need some tater tots so I can use correct grammar, haha
Making amends for Trump campaign assignment... 
Past 7 PM EDT I refuse to watch MSNBC
Nothing but the best for the best.
Amazing.
The Lemon. That's all! 
Chuck Todd quizzed Tom Perez about the $ the DNC was “waisting” on Trump campaign lawsuit.  Chuck obviously upset because he wants DNC to spend its $ with his wife’s company,  which will enrich Chuck Todd.  Chuck is a greedy capitalist using his position to enrich himself.
Kiss asses!
I just tried for the first time chocolate mint tea. Pretty awesome. You should give it a try.
Where’s the mug with your name?
Simple joys ... 
It's like having a good husband.
I dasn't see no 'Tots.
Remember, in Saturday Night Fever that was all that Stephanie ever drank! It was considered VERY sophisticated in her office. #TeaWithLemon
But are there tater-tots??
One more time c o U n s e l.
They left a lemon seed. Fire these incompetents before they try to make tea for someone else. 
It must be nice to be waited on and catered to. Probably why the tater tot thing was so annoying
(You just KNOW they'd have removed that lemon seed for Chuck Todd)
Out of coffee... AGAIN???
Gosh. Bet that set Comcast back a good 75 cents.
Lemon flavored hot grass water
But do they have tater tots?
But no tots
Heady
really? Left the pit in. Sad.
What? No tater tots????
What! No tater tots?
Diva
Tater tots? Please.  Maybe Omaha Steaks cheeseburger tots, but at the very least Crispy Crowns (much better than mere tots).
Tater Tots are so 37 seconds ago.
But not the beverages they make up for Maddow; shaken not stirred.
Sure it’s not a Lemonwheel?
Is that Sleepy Eyed Chuck's green tea?
But are there Tater tots?!?
Blah blah blah show me some tater tots and I’ll be impressed
They are trying to slow you down.
Are you listening Ben, one word, "plastics"....love a great movie reference.
I sure as heck hope they have TATER TOTS
WHAT about the tatter tots!
How often are you getting high, these days? The comment, "I'm having trouble speaking, today" is coming from you almost every day.  Cut back on those edibles, @KatyTurNBC. Also, your hips have grown so the munchies are in full force, it appears.
Tell the truth Katy, which intern has Covfefe duty?
Why were you so cranky with Ms Rocah, Katy
Damn, you were kinda rude?
Somebody get Katy some tater tots!!
I've sometimes seen studio set ups where the host has *two* cups in front of them. How does that work? Two teas? Or one tea and one whiskey?
https://twitter.com/twitter/statuses/988493186426462208 …
That’s nice. I don’t have a crew....But I do have a margarita. Hope you had a great show. I love when you cover MTP Daily and I usually watch, but it’s finally sunny and it’s the northeast so the porch was the priority tonight.
What, no side of tater tots?
A Vodka martini  with a lemon twist would make the day’s news go down better
so the whole purpose of saying trump is a NOT a subject of the investigation..
is to allow trump a target of an investigation actively interfere with the investigation...
While I was finding the helicopter shots of Toronto a little dizzying today, I bet you were right at home in the sky.
Yes they are great at tea stink and lie about news
It doesn't get better than that, Katy.
How can I provide you a little constructive feedback. I have something to tell you, but not in front of all your followers. Trying to be helpful.
Not cold? No Clif bar? Slipping
La-tea-friggin-Da
Did they wash the lemon before dropping it into the cup?
How lovely. You can hardly see the LSD!
How pretty is Katie?
should of thought about that before you put the least qualified person as president.!!
No tater tots!!! 
Why do you waste our time with Marc Lotter.  A Trump/Pence talking points word salad syncophant.  All I do is change the channel.
well let remember @BarackObama was black and the republicans have dedicated trumps whole presidency to destroying the legacy of the first black president .. because conservatist are the grown ups in the room great strategy.!! but we can't reject a bad pick??????
No tater tots...that's ridiculous.  
On a day like today do you wish you were drinking English Breakfast and commenting on the birth of a new Royal, or are you glad you've gone on your #Unbelievable journey and are hosting #mtpdaily?
We're they out of coffee?
Only way it could be better, right Katy?
That’s ridiculous
the worst of the worst.!! "we are the corporation"... nice team..??
....and some HONEY???
Make sure to clean that lemon! #pesticide
And bacteria.
Green tea with lemon in it? 
Hope you got a little chocolate to go with it!
How does Sarah Sanders keep a straight face ?
I love MSNBC! Nicole, Kasie, Rachel, Joy, Ali, Stephanie, both Chris' Air, Lawrence BUT both Katy Tur and Chuck Todd need to go away.
@MSNBC, @CNN & @foxnewspolitics are political-activist cable outlets.

Good for entertainment. Nothing more.

#trump2020
#MAGA
#SF
Would have killed them to take the seeds out?
Wedge. That's a lemon wedge. A slice would be a slice.
Now, just get rid of Chuck Todd.
I wonder if the hot tea is strong enough to kill the bathroom bacteria off of the lemon.
IATSE doing it for the Katy.
and a shot of vodka.....
That's weed.
I had always wondered what you guys really drank in those mugs 

What about tater tots?
better than coffee on 9
propagandists ...... tell the truth ... why is NK now free? Why did Armenian leader resign? Iran is next... Clowns losing control.. except for OUR media.. that will be handled soon I am sure. It is a great day to #MAGA..
what no tater tots!!!! heads will roll

Yeah, but did they bring you any Tater Tots?
I admire Green Tea  enthusiasts --but I regret never being able to be "in my cups" with you.
Just a little vodka because this stuff is insane!
You will need plenty of tea so you don't get those sleepy eyes that @chucktodd suffers from.
Aw, a girl after my own heart
I prefer a Cliff Bar, and some cold green tea...
But no tater tots?
They're just like us.
I hear green tea goes great with tater tots.
That's Chuck's mug.
Nice mug
No tatter tots?
Yummy 
stop calling Travis Reinking a "gunman" or "shooter"....call him a TERRORIST
Why?
Green tea is great for getting rid of cankles.
But are there tater tots?
gimme!
I wouldn’t drink a beverage at work I didn’t personally make on a bet.
How lovely. Do you sip that on camera?
They didnt take the seeds out. They want you to choke. be careful.

