1 thing I don't understand is how you approved Tillerson as SOS. He's obviously a Putin stooge.
Why aren't you using the VA?  You're a LIAR and a TRAITOR and a YUGE HYPOCRITE!
Yay but WTH is going on with the State department?  Tillerson is MIA for a week and we have empty ambassador spots after 6 months!!
Repeal, Repeal, Repeal. Do what u promised, @SenJohnMcCain  Liar !!!
If they repeal without a decent replace, premiums will double, lifetime max back in place causing bankruptcies due to illness, no pre exist
Will be covered & 34 million less will be insured.
Sure, fill up the Defense Department, but screw the State Department. I guess we're going to war, folks.
Exactly what @SenJohnMcCain wants
Are you kidding, the joke we call senate takes forever to process his nominations. Such a joke.
When will 45 #SignSanctionBill #RussianSanctions - time is running out
Time is running out? How so?
Time is not running out.
Re signing #RussianSanctionsBill
Signed.  But in no case was Trump going to veto it.
I'm still pissed at you traitor. Repeal Obama care shitcake
I meant Obama care is a shitcake.
What took you so long?
The White House wished you would have lived up to your election promise not
How about passing healthcare, you betrayed Arizona and the country by voting no
That's your opinion. U don't speak 4 state or country. U r nothing but a #gullible #TrumpChump. If u don't like it run 4 office yourself.
Your Governor must replace you ASAP. You lied to the American people -Repeal & Replace. You are the leader of the SWAMP!
 what a joke!  He's about as religious as a tree.
You can't pass anything meaningful or helpful to to American people. Stop acting like you're doing something.Twoface
Just another pitch for votes!!!
All you care about is your obsessive thoughts of war. I am to my soul sorry I ever voted for you to be President. Wow, what a mistake there!
FIRE all IC, DOD. SOS employees!  
Start over
Please run for President again!!!!!!!
So they can bomb Iran? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-zoPgv_nYg … #Warmonger #LayDown @cnn @msnbc @foxnews #IranSanctions
Dream Weak Blotus !! Incompetent Ignorant Administration What ya Think John
Time for the GOP STAND UP FOR AMERICANS #ImpeachTrumpNow
But @realDonaldTrump said that the DEMS are holding up the process. I see now, he's playing the blame game. He's holding up progress.
@SenateGOP better yet have him sign the sanctions to RUSSIA
... why are you funding terrorists in syria?
Hope you are doing well
Unfilled State Department too please!
Please explain why you would trust ANY nomination from Trump. His judgement seems to be a little off.
John was not always fond of your politics but you are a hero and what you did on the health vote was a spectacular stand on substance. GFU
Sir do you think Trump's  gonna have a Rose Garden Ceremony when he signs the Sanction bill, he can invite these guys
Trump's probably not going to sign it.
One ass said he was gonna fix Obama care and he fucks that up.
We don't need any more DJT loyalists to destroy another department. U must be fine w State Dept destruction
Pressure Trump to sign the sanctions bill. He doesn't sign to appease Putin and and punts it back to congress. He is so pathetic and weak.
War war war war war war war war war war war war war war war war war war war war
You have 2.3 mil followers and  425 likes..ought to tell u something

WTH is happening at State?  Is there a State dept anymore?
No one's listening John
Great. What about State?
Not going to happen John, you're dreaming. His eyes are only on the big stuff. 

This is Serious! Today's History thru Editorial Cartoons.
@SenJohnMcCain is a Delta Bravo traitor.
Senator McCain, bless you sir! I pray for healing everyday. Thank you for your service to this country. God bless you and your family!
What are you doing to ensure #potus45  nominees aren't security risks like Mike Flynn?
That's a joke you dragged your feet and act like WH will drag their feet lol-- dude it's their nominees duh
When are you going to stop selling out America for your own benefit Sen McCain? .
For the first time in 20 years I did not vote for you, but my thoughts and prayers are with you. 
Thank you for your HC vote.
Who cares what you are pleased about.
Liberals love you and you say you are a conservative! RINO Is what I say!
If you to sick to show up to do your job retire!
It's "too" not "to." Did you obtain that red neck hick education at Trump university?
Why you have spent 7 months and have still not voted on all of his nominees! You did not even bother to vote today but you run your mouth!
No ! I hope it takes forever, take your hate of the president elsewhere , we don't like you anymore
go away poisoned snake!!!!!
You suck
Seems that the WhiteSupremacyAgenda is n FullEffect n this Admin & @USAGSessions @CivilRights, Rolling bac the time.
Trump's DOJ:

Ending affirmative action…
If YOU support them they are probably bad choices. Traitor.
Thank you Sir for your service. I hope your treatment goes well. Thank you also for your healthcare vote. #Maverick
John, quit stonewalling other things making these noms move slow.  Blame yourself!
Maybe you should ask them to include the State Dept. too.
If Trump nominated people for all these unfilled positions, how would he blame the Democrats for obstruction?
Any chance senate will send a healthcare bill to @POTUS desk ?
so you can screw Trump again?
He doesn't need to sign them. 10 days and they become law.
I'm guessing from his lack of knowledge about Separation of Powers that he may not. He should have watched more Schoolhouse Rock with Jr.
U aint dead uet hurry the fk up
He hasn't even signed the sanctions bill yet 
Support your party.




What about your friend Debbie Schultz I haven't heard you say that you should be indicted or that they should look into her
Please rest up and take care of yourself, Maverick!
Because you weren't there to vote no. Looking forward to the next senator from AZ.
Need to wind up the McCain War Machine!!!
Do mean trump actually do something?
Thank you
you talk as if you didn't betray your constituents which of course you did -
Don't hold your breath They are way too busy logging their bucket lies to Americans to co sister nominations. Takes x to take Democracy down
With all due respect I think you and the other two rino's  who didn't vote with the rest of the GOP's , you all should become democratic's
Republican controlled Senate willing to rubber stamp any, unfit person Trump floats??
Why don't you quit tweeting. You are an embarrassment to all of us. Very few things lower than a liar and traitor
This is all I have to say to the man I thought of as a Patriott. No longer! you voted to make a statement before you die? @realDonaldTrump
Slip the Russian sanctions into the same stack of papers, dipshit will never know the difference
So pleased that you're pleased Senator McCain.. you are a real gem 
TRAITOR!
.@SenJohnMcCain Are you still there??? I thought you were heading home Monday  (yesterday). Take care of yourself!!
Im hoping he dies a slow and painful death myself
Sounds & looks like a #TrumpBot or #Putinbot to me. I'll let @FBIWFO deal with @turco_ricky
Hopefully GOP quickly decides to do something about Trump before our democracy is completely destroyed. Silence is support.
Skinny McCain.  Thanks much John.  The American people.
Hoping Arizona will quickly send noms for unfilled Senator position...
You guys should probably remind him about that sanctions bill thing. He might have forgotten. I'm sure Russia is the last thing on his mind

Hope you're on the mend, sir.  But I'm still trying to understand your ACA vote.
Yes, get well soon and forfeit your seat.
Retire
Anything to put trump in a negative light,  we r over u, time to retire and let someone who cares about country in
Any word on those Russia sanctions? @realDonaldTrump tweeted about everything else but not a peep regarding the sanctions
I'm sure JUST AS QUICK AS WH signs Russia Sanctions !
How does russian sanctions benefit everyday americans?
Wouldn't hold your hopes high - Trump thinks the WH is a real dump.
Good so you're going to get shit rolling finally.
Cheer you up.
As soon as the WH gets more names from V. Putin, they will forward it to the Senate!
Yeah they should start by signing the Russian Sanctions #RussiaSanctions
Why? They are based on lies.
See this @SenJohnMcCain? Your constituents think that Russian Sanctions are based on lies despite being voted overwhelmingly 419-3 & 98-2.
This is the Trumpian Universe that your party created, and now facilitates. 
You have options to quash this and set the record straight.
