TONIGHT! Don’t miss the premiere of #VietnamWarPBS from @KenBurns & Lynn Novick. Tune in or stream 8/7c. 
You don't care.

My husband recently died from cancer due to Agent Orange exposure. Health care? Do NOT support Graham-Cassidy. It is a hideous bill.
I'm watching and learning. Thank you for your service. I have tremend respect for you. Disappointed you will allow ACA to be repealed.
Really good history and how events evolved over time.  Outstanding & educational!
Glad you are watching Sen McCain hope POTUS is also watching this history lesson !

Repeal of Obamacare not regular order. Do you stand for your principles or again Cave in like with Palin running mate. We need you to stand
First one was excellent. Shocked how ridiculously little I know about the history of the Vietnam war.

And that look. Boy he sure has a look, any who could ever look at me upset w this in the world makes me wonder
As I have and will b made stronger. B vigilant any where u go to expose evil, path of least resistence, and never give up hope never
By the way, was at a concert a while back, 9 years. Massive attack was group, said child slavery biggest in lesbos Greece, insulted me, was
Get word out, stop it :) and the only it to worry about is spreading Christ consciousness :) w some strength
From reading all your words it's obvious that rhetoric has not-a-clue as to "Christ consciousness".
Perspectives eh ;)
Thanks John McCain. I have it on dvr.
Don't think so. I grew up with that war on tv. I don't need to relive it.

I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 
Regular order
Vote no on #Trumpcare
This is a great show. Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill.
“@SenJohnMcCain: Be sure to tune-in to @KenBurns & @LynnNovick's remarkable "#VietnamWarPBS weekseries
TONIGHT! Don’t miss the premiere of #VietnamWarPBS from @KenBurns & Lynn Novick. Tune in or stream 8/7c. 
No thanks, Senator, I lived through it first hand and saw enough, only to be abandoned by my Country an Congress. Sad days when PC ruled.
Thank you for all you've given to this country. Now please don't vote for the #ACA repeal vote coming up. #KeeptheACA #ReformDontRepealACA
I've learned so much from this doc, and makes me even sadder/madder for the loss of life.Your story was particularly poignant- #AmericanHero
I do not doubt you being a war hero but it does not give you the right to mess up health care.
Watching w/my 14 yr old. Trying to explain a time when Democracy had meaning. Not corporatist greed, extreme partisanship. Plz vote no on GC
It's a balance between great respect for our people and unimaginable disappointment in what happened. Thank you for your sacrifice.
Had to watch alone, I get so mad everytime I think back to the waste
It resonates and with current happenings
Think we'd learn by now
Please vote no on latest iteration to wreck ACA. Let's deal with healthcare in a bipartisan manner. Enough!
Remarkable production. Tuning in again tonight
Thank you for your service and sacrifice!
You've had a great run, now it is time to rest, heal, and enjoy your family.
It was very good...had no idea of the history of Vietnam and the role of France in the beginning.
Being a shameless self promoter who has lived off Vietnam for decades I'm guessing you're in it.
was hoping this was the tweet where you announce your retirement...
I missed the beginning. Forgot it was on. Hope to catch up by recording it. Ty for your service in this war Senator.
Нахлынули воспоминания по вьетнамской яме?
Why are you fighting to hide information on POW/MIA
We need to pass the CGT like tomorrow.
Funny no one ever thanks JFK and the Democratic Party for getting us into the useless war and keeping us in it so our economy would grow
Going to watch it closely for accurate reporting being reporters at the time mis reported many broadcasts, more to come after watching
Watched most of it twice! Super job so far.
A lot of history learned. Very well done.
It wasn't on at 5PM Pacific time. Please retire.
Thank you for your service Sen  and thanks to all Vets-hopefully this PBS Vietnam short series will be required viewing for all HS students
Is this @MeghanMcCain doing your work for you?  Because you are in chemo ?  Why would you tweet?
No thanks. I already know how the story ends.
Are they telling your story of Academy Achievement, Crashed Planes and USS Forrestal Shipmates?
Or the real story?
Stop talking about Vietnam and veto your party's health care bill. Not all of us get gov healthcare.
If we knew then what we know now, we never would have gone into that tar pit
If you endorse it , it's not worth watching.
So well done, as always.
McCain was a great vet, respect his service. He however sucks as a Senator.
#VietnamWarPBS is excellent. I am very sad that none of my Vietnam veteran friends lived to see this. All of them were gone  too soon.
Thank you for your service @SenJohnMcCain #BravePatriot  p.s. Please save the ACA. Be a #BravePatriot again.
Is it fair that people that are paying $1,500, like me, have subsidized people riding on our necks?  How much are you paying?
Hope you support Graham's new health care bill
..Excellent!
Sorry, Sir--I'm too busy writing to @BarbaraComstock trying to keep the @GOP from killing my dad, friends, & family with Graham-Cassidy.
Nixon scuttled peace talks to help his campaign   for POTUS. McGovern  (D) was the peace  candidate a shoe in if war was to end then. KIA?
I enjoyed the first episode. By the way, Mr. McCain, you will forever be a hero to me for your service in Vietnam!
Without doubt the best and most thorough telling of a powerful and painful period in WORLD history.
Senator, you fleeing the plane on ship is amazing. What you've been through is something I could never understand. Thank you.
Duty, honor, country. Thank you for your service, Sir. Be well.
I sat and watched it with my husband who is a Vietnam vet. Amazing work by @KenBurns. It should be required watching for Americans.
To see how the US had 50k of her young killed for NOTHING!
Terrible governance!
Also online
First five episodes will stream starting 9/17 at 8 pm EST. Please spread the word. http://www.pbs.org/kenburns/the-vietnam-war/home/ … @PBS
Won't miss it Senator.  Thank you for serving.
Please don't take our healthcare away. This bill is even worse than before. Please vote no on the graham-Cassidy bill
Boo.... i wanna hear hilarious Trump jokes so Im watching t #emmys
Sad, how little I know about this chapter of history. Thank you, Ken Burns and Lynn Novick. I will keep watching.
I watched this earlier, now watching it a second time. Learning much I did know, such as the huge French role.
Thank you for your heroic service and sacrifice. 
You are s traitor to America! You are a corrupt man! George Soros paying You! Those boys were heroes!
I commend you and the many thousands of Viet Nam veterans for whom watching the show must surely bring memories of pain and pride. God Bless
Really important series!
Thanks @PBS 4 BEING!
Increasingly becoming ONLY PLACE 4 CONSISTENT RELIABLE TRUTH IN NEWS, INFO & EDUCATION 4 ALL!
Wouldn't miss it...great so far!
John - Just finished first episode - magnificent...so much history can still teach us...still remind us of.
I watched the program. The only complaint I have is it was too short, I want to see more. Tonight. I appreciate PBS. Thank you.
As part of this generation. Husband was there. It will be hard to watch. But Ken Burns will do it tastefully.
Thank U for your service Sir! 
yep  see how we got into vietnam  ,  lets  watch Hcare more closely  too

Please Senator, don't vote for the Graham-Cassidy bill. Fix ACA instead of saddling the US with a horrible bill.
Domino Effect = WMD   All BS & the ppl die at the hands of our reps. Mad as hell.
John McCain Brow Beating MIA/POW mother in wheelchair begging 4 Investigation into this. John McCain did everything 2 thwart investigating.
Will you talk about Dwight's stmt to NOT send troops to that three tiered jungle?


Need 2 learn & end conflicts w/o killing innocents in war. Thou shall not kill is very clear!
I can only imagine Senator McCain's thoughts while watching this Ken Burns special.  Thank You For Your Service Senator!  Prayers for you!

Thank you for your service Senator. 
Thank you for you service, your courage and grit during imprisonment, and your heroism in that war, Senator.
Everyone should be watching! Learning history I hadn't know. I'm making my 26 year old son watch it.
Thanks for the nod for PBS. The show so far is quite good.
Why didn't the UN demand the French get out. Sanctions against the French. The Govt killed millions - why - evil, deep state, CIA? Hate Goby
Will be watching with my Father. Help me understand what he went through.
Still so sad after over 40 years.
I hope you will remember your heroism and vote NO on the heinous Graham Cassidy bill.
Shut up criminal
Senator, pls save us from yet another one sided healthcare ramrod. Order, sense, deliberation: it's what's right. Please do right.
Would not miss! Watching!
You be sure to show up on the Senate floor and do the right thing for people who need insurance. Vote No on Graham repeal
I'm glad you respect learning and history. Unfortunately you probably support Transgender education to kindergarten children too
So glad I saw this tweet.
For more of your traitorous acts?
Citation please.
You're so polite, @GordonColeFBI KUDOS! 
Anyone would be hard pressed to produce a citation, because none exist. *sigh* It never happened.
Retire Mcstain
Please don't vote for the graham bill. Repairing ACA is cost friendly & wont kill people with preexisting conditions etc.
Really Cost Friendly!!!!
Compared to the 350 billion it will cost to untangle the ACA, yes, it is cost friendly to fix it. http://amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2015/06/19/obamacare-repeal-cost/?source=dam …
Where do you get 350 B
Read the article.
 
. I lost my brother there in 68, it has no good memories for me, you may enjoy it  traitor john.
Looking forward to more education on this terrible time
As long as you promise not to make an appearance.
Senator McCain, please do not let this bill pass without due process that it needs. #debatechangebipartisnship
Most people see it fir what it is. A joke. Lighten up. I'm sure if it was reversed you'd find it amusing
McCain knows service! Our President's feet were sore, couldn't serve. Mommy, my footsies hurt! MOMMY!!!
Are they going to show how you were a traitor?
Please elaborate on how this war hero is a traitor
Just one vote
Was in the Civil War against slavery,also he became a Christian minister. His last name was Lovelady.;)
Nope songbird Mc http://Cain.You  should maybe consider hanging up your hat & stepping down.
We have nothing to do with a GOP traitor
The rest of independent America will salute him.
My family will be watching. My uncle was drafted into this war, my Grandfather was in WWII, Great grandfather WWI, GGreat cousin in the
John can you please explain your connection to George Soros?
In case you need to be reminded. We the People Support our President


Got the recorder set!





Probably lies about you. I'll pass. Makes me sick how the media covers the truth about you traitor communist
One vote.  #Sad
One vote. #Glad
thank you for your service to America as Senator and as Vietnam veteran who fought, and showed profound bravery. A True leader we can admire
On that #GrahamCassidy Bill-I know Graham is your best good buddy...but REAL friends argue & tell each other the TRUTH!! #MedicareForAll
Will they be showing your treasonous acts and Kerry's as well?
Thanks! I love his historical documentaries. The one on the DustBowl was amazing.
Does it have anything about you doing whatever you did to secure your freedom and leaving guys behind?
Remember how you voted the last time on that terrible Health Bill? Please repeat how u voted the last time! #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Bernie Sanders was Honeymooning in the Soviet Union - Russia for those who Missed History Class!
Джони ,скоро ты умрёшь )
Are they going to show you as the traitor that you are?
I'm British, what I know of Sen John Mcain is that he suffered for his country like none of us comprehend,why do people call him a traitor?
Ask him about his pardon for treason,the you'll know!
That's going to be difficult given I'm some random person on Twitter, can you point me at an explanation so I can understand?
The only reason he got away with his many misdeeds is because his father was an admiral of the Navey during the war, Nixon pardoned him
His nickname at the Hanoi Hilton was songbird. I hope and pray God forgives him because I won't
Oh I see. Tell me have you been in his situation? Have you been tortured? Terrified? Without hope? In the hands of an enemy with no limits?
I make no excuses for my actions or my opinions, you may excuse being tortured but what about the 134 that died because he actions?
Don't you have some campaign promises to keep?
Won't miss it Senator. Thank you again for your service and heroism.
No hero Songbird!
John, we appreciate your service to USA, but lately you have become part of the problem instead of the solutions. It's time to #ResignNow

Be sure YOU vote NO on the latest ACA repeal. DO NOT BE A COWARD!
Figures asshole McCain loves a war documentary. Go away please. Tell us about Golf of Tonkin incident too
Might I add, lessons can be learned by the younger generations from this.

THE  HOLY  SPIRIT  IS  YOUR  BEST  ALLY  FRIEND ...HE  HEAL  AND  FREE  SAVE
.....HE  PAID  THE  PRICE ...ITS  FREE
RADIATION  IS  NOT  GOOD

Sorry John, all my respect for you went thumbs down  after your healthcare vote..no more sympathy!
I certainly will!
And while we're watching that, Sen. McCain, can you please be planning a strategy about the ACA? Not the Graham bill...that's terrible.
Looking forward to watching. 
Blah blah blah blah blah blah #repealobamacare

Thank you for show time reminder!  Hope you are feeling well today, Senator.   Thank you Ken and Lynn for sharing your talents with us!
Yeah you hope your name don't come up pal ! Put your sweat suit on
Bot
Thank you for your service Senator. Looking forward to watching!
And you be sure to vote no on #GrahamCassidy .

American heroes, not cowards with bone spurs.  i'll be watching this.
that's way over the head of gop supporters
People who attend high school reunions never left high school. Put the Vietnam War into the past where it belongs. Move on.
Tell that to my Dad. Oh yes. Can't because he died from it's affects 9 years ago.

