Many of your constituents feel millions spent on clean air & water are better spent than millions spent stacking the corporation commission.
This is very disappointing. I live in Scottsdale where the tap water is questionable. Everyone already drinks bottled water here. What next?
The regulations don’t effect ground water.
From what I've heard the ground water was severely polluted in S'dale decades ago by Motorola, and it's still not what it should be.
"the plume" affecting water. Now that the GOP is neutering the EPA, the Scottsdale Superfund site is in jeopardy.
Whar source said superfund is in jeopardy? 
“Motorola, GlaxoSmithKline, SMI Holding are responsible for all costs” 
http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/water/superfund 
Use Google. Check EPA changes.
Actually Pruitt is more focused on Superfund efficiency and speed up the work. Read attached.
This is such a huge mistake, both ethical and economical. You've been bought by donors because it's clear to all that fossil fuels are out.
We agree on many things Senator...but not this.

Clean air for our children is worth whatever cost we must pay.
Sir,it seems as if we are damned if do n damned if we don’t.What good are jobs if people’s health is adversely affected I hope you’re right.
You are one confused Senator. Retire, resign, or just disappear. Your actions follow no rhyme or reason. Focus on ur death Spend family time
GO AWAY
I have a daughter @SenJohnMcCain. Why would you put farmers and others above us. Please rethink it to keep Arizona beautiful.
Senator, What is wrong with you? WOW is supposed to be environmental PROTECTION agency. Pruitt is in bed with big oil
John take a look at the tweets below the people want clean energy, not dirty corporation as kissing. Let's get McCain out of office.
And just when I was liking you you say this.
Without clean air to breathe and clean food to eat we all become sick! How can anyone human being put a price tag on preventive care.
Eat your money when we are chocking on filthy air, undrinkable water and earth that produces no foods.  Deplorable sir!
I am a little stumped by this....I lived in AZ in the 70s- 80s and endured smog alerts. Why not keep improving air quality for the citizens?
No winds, valley. 50/50 cars & fossil fuels. I worked for solar energy co.. 40 yrs later small % is renewable. Jobs r with renewable

Senator, I started to really REALLY Like you, but supporting repealing the CPP is horrific.  It's not all about money.
Carol, You took the words right out of my tweet
I live here in AZ @SenatorJohnMcCain & how could you applaud it when you put us in danger with our health. Clean air and water is we need.
And your grandchildren children will hate you for ruining the planet.
It's not about money,  Senator.

At this juncture, I would think you would understand that more than anyone.

#SaveOurPlanet
k but what about the fact that this repeal cripples our collective future on this planet ??
All due respect, but the older men who are making decisions about our environmental future, won't be around to suffer the ills they create.
I most all of your actions. However, clean energy is the future. To applaud backward movement because it might cost now is short sighted.
Shame on you!
Still a damn republican
The economy will not mean squat if there isn't a planet to live on.
Just when we thought you were turning from the dark side. You're no maverick. #stoplying #GOPLies
Because this many hurricanes and earthquakes in a row is a total coincidence? Come on, John!
Dont forget fires
Disgraceful comment. You were once a champion of action on GW. Now you're a feeble old man running scared of Tea Party whackos. Pathetic.
Haaa your libs don’t even like you anymore.
The best state to use solar energy is Arizona. We don't have to be rocket science to figure it out
You are our hero and always supported you, but not this one. When people are sick, they can't enjoy their money 
You just failed @johnmccain
But be sure to not give our President any credit you bitter liar.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
As expected from the part-time courageous senator.
Obamacare will cripple the good people of Arizona thanks to thier dipshit senator.
Can't agree w U Senator. Air is more important than money. There R other ways to generate revenue
Those who contaminated the air and water should be liable to also clean it up. You are on the wrong side of this.
Wow that is a pretty loose interpretation of "crippled" Senator...considering Your State is growing faster then the nation..give me a break
Do you really want to breathe dirty air or drink tainted water.
Yeah, I'm really against anything clean.  Give me polluted skies and water any day.
There is nothing more onerous than what nature has in store for those who think she'll be ignored indefinitely. @JeffFlake @realDonaldTrump
Nature bats last, Senator. We either be smart and enforce balances now, or put our heads in the sand until nature's very unkind wakeup call.
We have the best insolation in the country!
Interesting since we have fires in California, serious hurricanes-more intense storms due to our choices of not cleaning up the air!
Did Trump do something right?
#25thAmendmentNow
Disappointed. Do you read replies to your tweets? If so, notice the number of disappointments.
You actually agree with Trump on something ? Are you feeling ok ?
Yeah what a hardship if Arizona ever had to use sunlight to get it's energy.
Senator??? I do not wish to be disrespectful, but did you mean to tweet this? If so, I don’t think it is a considered opinion. Invest in AZ
Your applause is costing Arizona residents clean air.
John, it may help our economy but will it help clean up our dirty air that we breathe on a daily basis?
So disappointed by this statement, Senator.
Dammit I was starting to like you.
No one cares what you think. You need to fade away
Can't totally support you on this one.
Caveman analyses of enviro regs always disregard the huge economic benefits of clean air and the negative externalities of fossil fuels.
It's simply ludicrous that we are still debating burning a finite, consumable polluting resource vs. continuing to develop solar power.
No longer a fan. It's science, research it
Boooooo.
Crippled? You've been living w it for years . How are clean air standard not good for everyone ?
Senator, you just took a step back with this.  Clean air is for EVERYONE.
John, that is just wrong, plain & simple, WRONG! @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenBobCorker @GOP #MAGA @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
I disagree. Our children’s need to breathe cleaner air trumps ability to make an extra buck. We can develop better economy AND be green.
Repeal the onerous Disabled Veterans Tax, S 66, which affects 2 million disabled veterans & their families. @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
If steps are already being taken to develop alternate energy sources by companies, then why should this plan be rolled back? $$$ Sen.?
We disagree with you on this, Senator. Future power needs cannot be met with carbon fuels. It's a fools errand to believe this is good.
You would rather cripple the planet ?
Every time  Ithink I could like you, you go say something shitty like this. Stop.
Clean Air,Clean Water and Clean Energy are Vital for our http://Existence.Man  Made Climate Change is #1 most imp.issue for our Future.

Out of all the states YOUR state should be leading the charge-WHATS WRONG WITH YOU!!! My husband is in the Solar industry we should embrace!
I haven’t even begun getting in to the environmental benefits!
THATS IT SIR... DONE. I admire you for your service but I can't support you... #Enoughofthis
Are u a moron McCain screw coal and nuclear we need solar and wind
You don't seem to care about crippling the economy of the American people with your idiotic votes towards Healthcare
Excellent
Crippled? All that sun and you still can't get on the solar bandwagon?
I guess for some money is more important then clean air.... smh
AZ should be looking at solar but too many rules block individual rights. Live clean.
Doesn't sound good to me, but if you say so I will buy in to it. Hope it doesn't hurt the environment?
Really even though research shows pesticides cause disorders in children
DON'T FORGET YOU WILL HAVE TO ANSWER FOR YOUR WORDS AND The planet it GOD'S perfection God's creation, God's , GOD'SArt
Science please , just look up kids asthma and air quality , This is going in wrong direction . It’s 2017  need to divert new health crisis

So you're another climate change denier. Arizona is already largely dessert. Good luck with future water supplies.
Aren't these hurricanes and wildfires enough to prove climate change is real? Any rollback is not an option anymore!
Cough cough choke cough cough gasp cough
So disappointed in you, don't you want to leave a beautiful and habitable world to your grandchildren and beyond?
Unfortunately you got this one wrong!
Looking forward to our grandchildren having to live underground, and Arizona being to hot and arid to support life. Way to back big coal.
Now applaud the President Trumps’ tax plan and get it passed before Thanksgiving! Then get health care done repeal Obamacare! Keep promises
Reconsider your statement. Research more and talk with constituents not with corporations.  You love your mountain views. Keep them clean.
Each time I start to agree with U, U say 10 more things that I disagree with. Who needs clean energy? Black lung disease is not a thing 
What is it about the word clean you don’t like?
Unemployment is down     So are the rich not getting richer?
How do u measure that.
Combatting global warming is pro life.   Arizonas economy is not crippled.
Higher mean temperatures & more frequent haboobs are good for Arizona's economy??
Now might be a good time to mention that without president Trump's help the EPA would never have been able to do this.

How is cutting carbon emissions a bad thing. You need to learn more about science.
Killing the planet to protect the economy? The economy would be fine, the planet won't.
But but......I can't breathe
why would you care?
Really, but you could not vote for an Obama Care repeal?
Those who fear change are destined to be destroyed by it.
Your credibility is deservingly destroyed because you are a shameful liar.
What about this? You okay with this too?
Good for Arizona - but let's just fuck the world. I really hoped u were smarter than this John #sad
WOW when you did the thumbs down I thought  U had came to your senses remember you will be going home soon and habe to explain
Your on the wrong side of this thing John.
When will our govt begin to see fighting climate change as a $$boon and innovator? AZ could lead the way. This could be bipartisan. #bummer
Senator McCain, I respect you but strongly condemn your applause for repeal of Clean Power Plan.
This is not going to help your economy one bit.
Oh shit, just when I was starting to think you were the one sane republican 
Tell me again which planet the GOP plans to live on ???
That’s a mistake.
Awwwww. I was just starting to believe that you only had the American people's interests at heart. Guess big energy money speaks loudly 
Cool, maybe Arizona should get into solar.
Come on
Where do you all think those subsidized solar panels you are putting on your roof were made?
It wasn’t in the USA!!!
But who cares about the economy when no one can breathe
are you really that dumb or just that ignorant. carbon is 0.2 of the atmosphere. the ocean and the soil make the most.
when it's 175 degrees outside I'll worry about things. paying more money doesn't help the atmosphere. billions made
Scrolling your thread couldn't even find a troll who agreed with this. What the heck Senator? This is an easy one
Fresh air
Clean water
Duh?
Jumping back on the Trumptrain? Too bad! I thought you said you cared about the American people? Should have known?!
Wrong. Health professionals like it and so do people who believe in climate change. We don’t need more air pollution— bad for workers
Really? Don’t like drinking water?!
put up ore solar PV and solar thermal (hot water & boiling water for steam power}
That was supposed to read: Put up your solar PV (etc.)
It's time to invest in clean energy and leave fossil fuels behind. Climate change is real and the rest of the world will leaving us behind.
Sen M, I thought you were leading congress to stop throwing the baby out with the bath water.  Work together. Need u to protect Medicar/Caid
TRUMP IS THE CYBER WARHEAD OF RUSSIA WAR MACHINE. HE IS TEARING THE DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM DOWN BY HIT EVERYBODY IN THE FACE.
except for NAZIS AND KKK. PEOPLE ARE DYING IN Puerto Rico. YOU CAN'T TRUST trump and his team.
I find it amazing how money seems to always win. It's never enough for some people. I vote planet before money!!!
Love you, Senator. Still disagree. Consider the earth  not a dying industry. There are other ways to strengthen economy.
You'd be wrong to applaud, now we will all pay the price with our health.
Dirty air is what real Arizonans want. Really @SenJohnMcCain
Explain how that will help AZ? How has  it hurt AZ?
your pack short-cited few jobs vs clean environment. your pack makes it hard to be proud of America. stand up for democracy epa not top dog
Follow the money.
clean power is onerous. well clean air won't matter if your pack doesn't stop Top Dog's wrecking ball to democracy world peace environment
Sad! You know better Senator
You got your payoff now vote yes for healthcare bill.
Repeal won't prop up anyone's economy. Roman's kept on with pewter cuz it was cheap, it killed 'em. Moving toward Clean Power is worth it.
Millions of Americans are unconstitutionally being forced to buy a product whether they want it or not. It was Obama’s fault. Now it’s yours
Retirement
Yes, and you don't want to do that to save the environment for future generations, do we? Better to ensure life is comfortable for us.
you're wrong on #CleanPowerPlan AZ suffers from air pollution . Why not go solar?
Don't care about Arizona's air???
Yes, Arizona’s economy is much more important than the future of our children.... in the universe.
Et tu, Brutus?
Clean power will create more jobs not less. And Natural Gas has surpassed coal for generating electricity. It is simply cheaper.
Blech!!! I disagree. Arizona could trailblaze solar! Clean Power is the way to go
Shame shame, would have saved lives!  Let the cancer causing agents blow. It’s only life   Business over ppl.
Time to retire John you kept Obama care in place
Money over the health of our children and planet.  Sounds like a reasonable trade-off.
Burn coal you get CO2, shine light on CO2 it gets warmer = recipe for crippling Arizona's future.
I hope you like to breathe, have lung trouble and try to breathe that stuff!!!
I alternate between respecting you and slapping my forehead.  What price are our children &gchildren going to pay?????
I respect you, Sen. McCain, but I can't respect your disregard for the health of U.S. citizens and the safety of our air and water.
I applaud those who finally have proof of your deceit. Been telling those for so long IT WAS YOU!
You know, for someone who is dying you certainly have a lot of axes to grind. Trump is right in one respect:  you are no hero.
So you don’t want the world to continue when you are gone? Got it
I was just starting to like you.  Coal is dead. Invest in clean renewable energy. AZ will be healthier for the economy & environment!
Coal is dead.. Just like you will be.
Come to Green Valley and try breathing the dust off the mine, you are not helping us. I am sure big industry will be pleased, I am not.
How would it have crippled?  Are Arizonans not creative enough to move with times?  Are they not innovators?  I think not.
Arizona should be a leader in solar power! You should be pushing forward, not rolling back!
Would you please talk to some energy policy makers and scientists before making this awful decision. It's past time to act for the planet.
Shouldn’t you thank POTUS?
There you go, saying stupid stuff again.
It's not onerous to protect our citizens, environment, and air. Come on John McCain!
Unlike Obamacare... you’re a rogue.
I will be teaching my child who was responsible and who was in support.
@SenJohnMcCain i dont applaud your poor efforts at r/r obamacare that u GOP been touting about doin for 7 yrs Then u vote  really pathetic
Too bad you can't say the same about Obamacare which cripples millions of Americans & small businesses as you chirp
Its a criminal act on the American peoples health and environment; your states economy isn't more important than peoples lives and wildlife.
Bad decision
Really John when u rely on one business model ur state will always be crippled. Look at Detroit.
There are more jobs teaching yoga than will ever be in coal. It's time to re-educate people for jobs of the future in clean energy and tech.
Think bigger than your home state!
PLEASE applaud the tax cuts..we ( the average guy) REALLY needs them..
You’re starting to sound like a Republican again. Do you have a fever?
Why doesn't your tired ass do something to help the president get healthcare passed and working. Oh it's because your a traitor.
Renewable energy is the future. Be on the right side of history.  Be the future for our children and grandchildren.
@SenJohnMcCain dude... Applauding anything against clean power is ass backwards. I'm disappointed J-Cain.
Senator- as average temps rise and huge fires burn uncontrolled through dry timber... how does the wellbeing of Arizona’s economy matter?
Come on Mr. MCCAIN!  Coal one filthy and never coming back.  You know it.
Please provide the public in 6 months with number of jobs this repeal will create and the number who will have lost their job.
I admire many things about you, sir, but not the position you have taken on this issue. We only have one environment. We must protect it.
I really don't understand your position on this. We have an opportunity to be a leader in renewables.  Coal jobs are not.coming back.
Oh please. You couldn’t use the gazillion rays of sun in AZ to make money?
What will happen to a society that doesnt listen to its top scientists?
How? How on earth does creating clean energy and holding or worse polluters to a minimum standard "cripple" an economy?  Makes NO sense.
Senator that is a very short sighted assessment. You know coal is bad and done for. We need clean power plans for the future of our economy.
