@Whooooopi so adorable and sinfully sexual
Home with neighbors. Very cool. Atmosphere, color sensations.
Transfixed in Totality in the forest clearing around my little house, high on a Blue Ridge mountain in GA. Sounds like y'all had great view!
My backyard in Sun City.....
Wo.
http://NASA.com  aaand cbs
Actually in Iowa that day it was very overcast, so we had 50% eclipse.
I watched while you were blowing the democrats
My back door was so amazing. I have seen 1 other in 1979. Pure blessing. Ty for a your Photo
We love McCain
@SenJohnMcCain is a democratic puppet, sellout, fraud, RINO, phony, fake!
From inside
Chandler!
We watched eckipse at Lake Louise in Toccoa, Georgia, with daughter Lenea  Martel she is elem. sch. teacher there.  Hershel Lewellyn, Jr.
From our patio in Yucaipa, CA.  So glad to have this memory.
Watched in bullhead city. By the way call jimmy carter he will give you great health advice
Fantastic!
I was busy working....and your staff that taxpayers pay for should have been doing the same
Seriously? Something that will not happen in our life again, would be aweful to not be part. Jealousy sucks don't it wow will pray for you.
York Nebraska - a bit overcast but still well worth the 590 mile drive from Dallas TX.
Nice shot man!
Senator McCain, do you think God will open the gates for you after all you've done to take him out of our country? You still have time
.@realDonaldTrump Gee John, We could not watch, we were working over time to pay for Obama Care that YOU VOTED TO KEEP. RESIGN JOHN RESIGN
That's a terrible phone photo, like you're a terrible RINO senator.
I was looking at how much the ACA was costing me.
from Houston, TX!   I used two paper plates with a pinhole in the top plate.   I observed 2/3 eclipse from my location, so cool!
Thank you for standing up for our healthcare!
Pax river MD! Was beautiful
eugene, oregon
no image
U think the propaganda media supports you? They want the Rep Traitor  to say negitives. They don't like u, you are their Benedict Arnold!
You still have a staff?
Watched from a 80 yr old bridge over the Rancocas Creek in NJ with my son Tommy, a Boy Scout. Bridge to be demolished soon
Most Cool!
Can't pass health care bill, but plenty of time to watch an Eclipse. Tax money well spent
Maybe if they had a decent bill to pass they would have.
Well if they spent more time helping instead of political posturing. They would have one. They are supposed to be working together.
In Congress .....they were all sleeping ?!
In Mass so we didn't see much but it was great to just be outside watching and I followed the @NASA coverage. How are you ?
This is a GREAT pic of yesterday's eclipse
We watched from Conn, not as good!
Mt. Lassen State Park, 88% but very cool
Bless u John McCain 
CT - 75 percent. It was another one of the daily miracles of science!  We are praying for you and counting on ANOTHER win for the sciences!
That's it there in the lens flare next to The Statue of Freedom. That's about how I saw it here in TN with two pairs of sunglasses.
I forgot my welding helmet at the barn. Very unfortunate.
Westborough, Massachusetts.
My home in South Carolina. You stated that your staff captured a view of the eclipse, but you didn't say where you watched.
Here's the view from KC. Hope u r doing well.
Phoenix AZ
At work!  Same place congress should be
From the Evergreen Museum in Oregon - recognize the plane?!
Lubbock, TX
Houston. Thank you for your service and your commitment to sensible, bipartisan health care legislation.
Watch this.  What's wrong? Cat got your tongue?  Don't see any political points to score on this one? SAY SOMETHING!
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/899757618771742720 …
Des Moines, Iowa on a neighbor's deck!
It was called noclipse in Jacksonville FL where we were in 90% zone.  Typical august in south, started raining while eclipse over ky.  Ugh
Charleston, SC
Cross Anchor, South Carolina
Cloudy
Preskitt
Baker City, OR. Totality
Me and my dog. Life is good!
Delaware!
I watched it in Tucson,awsome
Watched her in NYC. Take care of yourself, Senator. We need a maverick in Washington now, more than ever.
I couldn't watch,I had to work to pay for your health Care and all the liberal programs
It looks more like your head exploding when Trump won
Nice your staff is at the capitol... but where are u?
Fort Wayne, Indiana
99, I trust to be better party
In the Grand Teton mts. with full totality. Awesome.
National Geographic was in Jackson.
Thanks I was most of day and am catching up on news.
I need back pay for creating capital1 and working the field and preventing over 50 9/11s for 30yrs and there fore the capitol won on 9/11 
Spokane, WA
From a winery in Charlottesville
Mr. McCain, I am visiting from Canada and I had the privilege of watching it in Lebenon,  Tennessee.
San Antonio,  TX @ work #USAA
in the scorchin heat in san an tx saving McCain's life and dealing with resurrection to one day resurrect our troops...hey McCain you owe me
Cadiz ky
New Orleans
Council Bluffs, Iowa.  Take care Senator McCain.
Nice, Ca. 80%
Nashville TN, 100% coverage, Awesome!
Expel @MariaChappelleN. We don't need a racist terrorist. There's enough democrats doing that already.
Work! Lewisville, Texas!!
Kure Beach, NC 97% coverage.
Pennsylvania
Florala, Alabama, with my husband and mother. 
Seriously, that's all you've got to do with your time? Aren't you supposed to be a senator? How about working.
I'm blind need new health care sejohnmccain............
Tucson AZ
Top of the KOIN Tower, Portland OR
Spokane WA. 92% eclipse, clear sky.
Hopefully you watched form the retirement home.  #termlimits
Wow!
John McCain, ur staff should have been working on healthcare.  Watch it on the news  like everyone else
From inside a bamboo cage.Waaaah!
On the clear cut above my property in North Plains, OR. Science rocks!
Good now retire
St. Louis, MO
From my office dealing w Tricare crap you sold us as "tough decisions".
Obviously not a photo, but accurate:

From #OC #SoCal Max Eclipse here
Husband & I checked it out w/ our eclipse glasses. 
Springfield, Illinois
Alabama
I want to see you retired ! ASAP
I watched it in Ashburn VA and it was my first time that I experienced the SolarEclips17.
I watched from my back yard Edwardsville IL 62025
Where is your health care plan   NOTHING FULL OF IT
This is what we're paying you for are using the VA Services yet a******
If you censure our potus...America will censure you...if you destroy America...you will answer to God....Tekel....
@JohnMcCain is against us. Go @realDonaldTrump
I watched from my backyard in Walnut Creek Ca. 20 miles east of San Francisco Bay. Heavy fog it just got really dark for about 1.5 hours.
I didn't. Some of us have jobs where have to actually, you know, do work.
It was actually Trumps ego blacking out the sky- "that to bad" political rivalry over sailors lives!  He is not worthy of his office! U R!
My driveway in PA!
America  is great in faith of God
I watched Trump staring into the sun w/out glasses #SolarEclispe2017 #DumpTrump #trumpisblind
I watched w/my neighbors at the pool at my apartment bldg. We could stand in the shade under the terrace roof-but it was still HOT!
You are a fantastic person.
A great protector of our country
From a prison camp in Hanoi where you turned on fellow Americans. Traitor
Folsom California
Thanks for voting to keep Obamacare and screwing over the American people and the @GOP. Enjoy your fully paid healthcare at our expense.
At home in tn
With family 

Awesome to see
from my house in http://s.w.pa ...partial view,tho..I viewed it thru a homemade cereal box..it worked..
From wanting the Senate to do something about Trump.
Indian Shores Beach, FL!
Watched it from here ...
Flew from DC to Nashville TN to see a #totalsolareclipse2017 !!
-By side of Harry Potter..
Joliet, Illinois.
We have so old but so fresh history left to their final, that is US, heritage to coming winners
1. that is one cool shot :) 2. well, I was stuck with the partial (rather than full but that's okay) and I saw mine in the front yard. :)
The way you're going your staff better be capturing new job proposals
Washington MO. Frame from timelapse. What's dark is in shadow of totality. Clouds to north lit by crescent of sun over them. Get well!
ft worth. crescent shadows ... magnificent reminder of much higher power
We watched in Trumbull Co. Ohio. Only 80% but still cool. Come watch w/us in 2024. 4 days after my birthday and right over my city 100%.
TV, just Ore. took a nap when the partial hit here in Florida.
Greenville, South Carolina.  Almost 2 hours later and still in awe.
Saskatoon CANADA
Why are POTUS and all these republicans so excited about science today.... they do nothing but deny and defund every other day!!!!!
I took this photo with my phone through my eclipse glasses.  Only later did I notice the reflection in the window across the street.
Madison Square Park in NYC!
Northern Indiana, be well soon!

Astoria,Or
Owensboro Kentucky - with family and noisy Cicadas! Get well soon. 
Vancouver Washington.
My backyard in NC and it was outstanding!
Bucks County PA
Wherever SCIENCE is embraced,appreciated,employed to craft sound legislation benefiting Nation,Citizens,&Global Community @SierraClub @NRDC
#SanDiego #Eclipe2017 
Trying to be relevant
#sandiego 
Colorado Springs, Colorado
Sacramento , Ca. Unity, Peace, Hope and Blessings 
Denver Colorado
#Houston #SugarLand #SolarEclispe2017
Good photos, nice, thanks
At the gym on a stair climber
Looking for a higher sign. Didn't get one. God is smart also!
Fincastle, Virginia
In Tuckahoe, New York, partial eclipse, was spectacular, nevertheless! I hope you are doing well Senator McCain.
How much did that cost us? Smh
we were in the path of totality, Anderson!
Ireland v MSNBC. I Wish Senator McCain a speedy recovery. A good person. A friend of America.
You are a joke! Standing w the alt left?? What the hell is wrong with u? Will b a pleasure to see u go. #maga #trumptrain #draintheswamp
we didn't watch, we are busy trying to make the world see how ASSad is killing Syrian children, women & men by dropping gas bombs on them.
San Francisco...
Otro cafe phoenix 
From Bethlehem GA about 18 miles from the University of Georgia, Athens
My backyard in #Denver #Colorado while my Golden Retriever @MoeThePup licked my pasty white legs  #eclispe2017
my pool
So. Cal
bad picture John, please retire .
Maine
Holly Hilltop Farm in Missouri, sir.
TV
