Why don't you write some bills to protect us from Trump for once?
Why would anyone believe Comey
Aren't you the LEAST bit worried about Israeli intel agents who may be harmed or killed by Trump's leaky mouth to the Russians??
now we gave to grab our wallet, try shortening time to market, good start, that sounds like liberal talk
Try standing with republicans instead of against them. your a very petty man
Go back 2 Med Mod Act and fix the monopoly drug co's have on Medicare.  Y does congress act like they don't know Y drug co's R over priced?
Definitely something needs to be done about drug costs. It is obscene what the companies charge.
telling Russians code word intelligence isn't enough, how about obstruction of justice?
You better start concentrating on Russian investigation and the Presidential obstruction to that investigation. #IndependentInvestigation
Prescription drug policy when Washington is burning? #NoArmadillo Get out there and fight for America and our democracy, Senator
Why do you keep coddling Trump? Do you have your OWN ties to Russia?? HMMMMMMM
McCain has sold out Arizona on Healthcare Tax reform Infastructure to try and please Democrats Time to Retire and let us have a Republican
Sir, if you are dealing with any issues other than removing POTUS from office to protect our country right now, you are missing it.
Good becuz we all need MORE DRUGS TO DEAL WITH TRUMP! Appt an INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR NOW!!
That's nice, but how about putting all Senate business on hold until there is an independent investigation into Trump betraying our allies?
The president can can choose what is classified and what is not.
He can also launch nuclear missles any time he wants.  Think about that.  Sweet dreams!
The issue is not legality, but sanity and prudence.  This is insane.
Transparency in the White House will make the world safer. DT unfit & unqualified he's no brighter than a 3rd grader.  Danger 2 the world.
You dolt.  Demand US prices can be no higher than prices overseas.  US should not be subsidizing the rest of the world
Bravo — now please call for much-needed special prosecutor to investigate Trump's Watergate-size transgressions. For the good of the country
Transparency doesn't bring down prices.
Do the right thing and intro bill to regulate prices of drugs.
Hahahahaha, you're expecting a Republican to introduce more regulation???
Speaking of transparency.There is investigation starting into your financial , stock trading and investment activity accdg to unnamed source
How about allowing Medicare to negotiate bulk prices like VA?
Impeach Trump!
Isn't there more important thing to be doing rn
Yeah, like IMPEACHING TRUMP
What we need is to stop this Russian fantasy and investigate the murder of Seth Rich who was murdered by the deep state.
Trader
It is time for Congress to act on Marijuana.  Reclassification from a schedule one drug if not totally decriminalization.  No more jail time
why don't you bring TRANSPARENCY to GEORGE SOROS still writing checks to you?
McCain trying to bring down Trump
What's more important? Allowing innocent people perish in the seas or giving them #SafePassages & #Resettlement opportunities. Ask @POTUS
Where's America's Big Fat Door for #Refugees? Looked everywhere/not found/got lost. Pls send the coordinates over here. It's urgent, u know.
:)

Did Saladin or Salahuddin use Al Maidah 51 too?
@ClarenceHouse @IDFSpokesperson 

That's why i told Queen Lilibeth; i still learn Marconi & PM!
But Queen tasted Macaroni already!
If Knight Templars wants Habib Brisik, so go ahead!
Marcon & all French can take Habib Brisik!?
French & all Knight Templar crusaders are allowed to create World War III!
Where to start?
Habib Brisik, so Asia!
Putin, so Europe!
Saudi Arabia or Iran first?
Wikipedia can write the reason of World War III:

Al Maidah 51, Arya 51 & Area 51

UFO will send them to Mars!?
Deflection, sir. Much more important shit going on rn. Do something about it.
PRADAXA N ELIQUIS 400-480 BOTTLE UNINSURED. 80-100 COPAYS. THAT WITH OTHER DRUGS CANT AFFORD IT...SO DONT GET IT. RACKET!
Prescription price increases are plenty transparent to those of us who pay for our prescriptions. You  wouldn't know since you're exempt
Outstanding!
We would like to have more transparency when it comes to the money you politicians receive from donors and lobbyist.

REMEM wen this embicile said that you wasn't no war hero? That,the hero's he knows Dont get caught! Why R U allowing this Russian debacle?
Job number one from our congress right now needs to be protecting the country from a very dangerous man who is obviously out of control.
Nothing's more important than Obstruction and Russia
"Glory belongs to the act of being constant to something greater than yourself, to a cause, to your principles, to the people"  J McCain
Sounds like #socialism to me. Private companies set their price in a democratic republic. Competitors emerge and spur competitive prices
That is great Senator, but we need transparency in the White House right now.  Everything else needs to be on hold.
Yes please... why can't u negotiate drug prices?
Who cares anymore.  Dump Trump
Wouldn't listen to anything you say!  Just join DNC!  Faker
Blah blah blah. Do something about Trump.
Impeach Trump
Save democracy!
Why, why, why are you not commenting on the danger 45 is to our country.  Please speak up.
nice. what about a move to get the chumpster out? if this was hrc y'all would be calling for resignation and impeachment, rightfully so.
T/u. A total rip off. US funds for all basic research. Gain to private sector. New deal: US gains equity b/c of initial invst. Citizens 
Senator McCain, our country is in grave peril and it needs you to finally stand up and do the right thing.
Thank you , Senator. One of the few Republicans I still respect, at least currently. 
Protect the USA from Trump.
Will you please impeach the damn president already??? You and rest of Republicans are starting to look real bad #impeach45 #lockhimup
“I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” Mr. Trump  “He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” DJT
That's good. Now how's about starting the procedure to remove the giant hemorrhoid in the White House.
Sen. McCain, Nice of you to inform us about this but.... We really need an Independent investigation into Russian ties with Trump
GO HOME .....RETIRE !!!! EAT SOME PORRIDGE !!
John.  IMPEACH the TREASONOUS IDIOT NOW!! #Blabbergate #Priorities #Complicit GOPIdiocy
Saw ur daughter on @FoxNews. She sed "Y was RUSSIA IN THE OVAL OFFICE, WITH THEIR PRESS, when UNDER INV 4INTERFERING W OUR ELECTION #IMPEACH
Why can private insurance negotiate pricing with big pharmacy,  but Medicare is not allowed to?
@SenJohnMcCain - My last plea to you to please stop talking and start acting to protect this country you fought so hard for. PLEASE!!
@SenJohnMcCain is now a full-fledged member of #RussiaGOP #trumprussia, making LAME EXCUSES for @POTUS CORRUPTION & TREASON.
Transparency on increases?  Not work in reductions.  Hmm.  Highly helpful.
Transparency my friend reaches broad spectrums. How about you look into that fruitcake of yours in the Oval Office?
Try what France did.  France told the drug co. the price they'd pay or bye bye.  France won.
In the mean time you ignore the Russian in the Whitehouse. Unbelievable the enablers in the Republican Party.No defending the Constitution
How about banning drug comp from advertising on tv? It's out of control.
And yet no further mention of your leader's bizarre, dangerous behaviour?
Trump leaked classified intel to Russian media along with SPIES, fired Comey who is investigating him   What the hell is wrong with you ?
You'll be doing the work..she is useless
Could you intro a bill w @SenatorBaldwin bringing much-needed transparency to the TAX RETURNS of current and future POTUS's?
Thanks you! The insulin issue is completely out of control and it's inventor never meant to have anyone make a profit from it. Disgraceful!
Rome is burning, and you clowns are fiddling.  #ImpeachTrump
Better check with @POTUS to make sure it's OK first
Thank you for your work, but please prioritize #TrumpRussiaInvestigation now.
prescription drug coverage, while the President just gave our enemies, Russia, classified intel? Dem/Rep why isn't there outrage?
Thank you, that's a start. Shall we get that impeachment started now? You know...just in case
Finally something I agree with you on.
Thanks. Now for love of GOD and COUNTRY hold Prez. accountable for conflicts of interests, ethics violations and endangering our Country.
That's great news.  Now how about doing something to get some transparency and order in the White House.  Maybe a new @POTUS too.
Lots of good friends you have 894/899. Haters and loonies.
DON'T CARE.  We want to get to the bottom of Trump-Russia.  Whose side are you on?
Would you please do something about our traitor president, please?
Great. Now let's bring Transparency and accountability to the @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @POTUS & the rest of Trump's clown brigade
Why don't you just write an executive order for Trumpy to sign? Really don't need your branch anymore.
You're always running your mouth negatively against the president. If you have nothing positive to say, keep your mouth shut.
Let's have a little gov oversight & regulations. These medicines are literally life or death for many.
how about transparency to @WhiteHouse meetings?  Why was our press banned from covering meeting while Russia's was not?  @Morning_Joe
I guess we can't multitask. Things are getting worse & yall are sitting on your hands doing nothing!! Come on. Wake up!! #peopleoverparty
Until we deal with the clown in the whitehouse NO ONE CARES!!!!!!
While you're at it, can you write a bill to require transparency from the White House? Thanks 
Good job.....now, about that independent Investigation......
Yes let's just ignore the massive elephant in the room
I don't care how severely President Trump hurt your precious little feelings. Man-Up and support your President!
good for you. Now back to Russia please
It's time for an independent investigation into Donald Trump and Russia.
This is good. In other news, the stability of our democracy is going down the toilet thanks to an incompetent POTUS.  #DoSomething
Seriously??? Going about your business as if things are normal???  WTH?
We need our money back from #TrumpFamilyWelfare  sick of paying for their 
Your legacy is damaged.  No one cares abt Vietnam they care what you are going 2 do about Trump
John get your staffers to watch Russian TV. They are reporting word for word the Intel Donald gave the Russians.
I hope that transparency leads to lower drug costs.  I'm drowning.
Trump cannot leave this country to represent all of its citizens There must be a transparent independent investigation including his IRS
Why won't you listen to your constituents and take action?
Please save our country!
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!!! DO YOUR JOB!!!!
If we prohibited drug advertising on TV would prices go down?
How about you insist on some transparency from this White House instead of being "extremely concerned " constantly.
Wasn't there a bill to allow importing from Canada?  That probably would have lowered prices a bit.  Whatever happened to that... Oh.
Please put your energy into doing something about trump. He's making a joke out of your whole party and our country
Please help seniors with nothing but social security also. Scripts and copays are sometimes the choice between food or pills.
I consider you complicit
Trump Russia  job one the rest is background noise
Thank You for doing this! I take a drug for MS that is $6000 per month. The MS drugs were $3000 but they have doubled in price.
If you could focus on our country's biggest issue and threat of getting Trump out of here, maybe these other things could be resolved.
Good .. but is she also a Democrat sir - like you?
Thank you for your work on a badly needed bill and for working in a bipartisan way for the benefit of all Americans, regardless of party.
Trump! !! Trump!!! Trump!!!
RUSSIA.
Yes! Snds GOOD! Transparency, then depending on the level of NEED of a medicine to ALL,perhaps price caps.
YK
Potential (generous read)Traitor in the White House and you conduct business as usual...
interesting priorization...
like:"The White House is burning!"
"Oh, really? --- let us discuss the new wallpaper for the White House"
I want some much needed transparency too! We need an independent counsel!
Ok whatever....#25thamendment NOW.
Really? We have a Russian in the White House and you working on this ?
Ummmm...can wepleasestick to the elephant in the room?! #trumpsky #stayfocused #
What a joke. Republicans are enemies of health care. Bush barred negotiating with drug companies. Now republicans want to kill Obamacare.
Just admit you're one of the bad guys and that you want poor people to die from treatable illnesses. At least you'd be honest.
Your top priority right now should be doing something about trump
might also check with @SenSanders @SenFranken think they are on same page, reach across aisle @MSNBC @maddow
YOU are such a DISGUSTING MAN! TRAITOR to @POTUS  And to WE THE PEOPLE!
Why not@introduce a bill to impeach Trump. He's a dangerous wing nut and you KNOW IT!
That's excellent, where is your outrage about Russia and Trump leaking to them while TASS took propaganda images
IT'S NEVER TO LATE TO CORRECT A HORRIBLE MISTAKE. AMERICANS WANT A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR RIGHT NOW.
Currentlyreading
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
Is it gonna matter when the world burns because you didn't have the guts to act?
How about transparency to the WH & the Dow chemical bill signed that hurt farmers & wbanned from Obama..ur killing us with bad chemicals
Priorities. Right, "Maverick"? 
Good. Now investigate Trump's collusion with Russia. Leaking of classified info is unacceptable. Be the Senator that I know you to be.
What we need is to negotiate drug prices Need medicare for all Premiums based on income
Nice job, good diversion, oh yeah, Trump Russia! Again, we aren't going to forget.
Great but how about creating an independent prosecutor to investigate #Trump's high crimes & misdemeanors? We need you to step up now!
@CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate, Sen. John McCain
Trump can’t be trusted with sensitive information — and now the world knows
His name is Set Rich
That's super nice, Senator. Can you do something about our incompetent @POTUS other than talk?
#DoSomethingMcCain
Isn't there a bigger issue right now, sir. Small matter of impeaching the Russian spy the GOP installed in the white house?
Please speak out against Trump and his carelessness with classified info!
Good thing, because we're surely all in need of some anti-anxiety meds these days. Way to prioritize, Senators!
Senator the Russians attacked democracy. Trump gave classified information to the Russians your silence is complicit to treason
How about an #IndependentInvestigation ? Have you see @TheOnion today? Humor hitting too close to the truth! #TrumpLeaks #Trumprussia
THATS A GOOD START
and the NatSec exposure and recklessness in the WH?
where is the transparency in the WH and Washington?
TRUMP RUSSIA!!!!! DO SOMETHING
Making it less expensive so you can stay on your meds.
Trump faked bonespurs to dodge Vietnam and spilled more information in the Oval office than you did as a POW.
Thank you
Don't care.  What are you doing to help remove trump from office?  Stop whatever your doing and focus on nothing else.  Remove the traitor!
