Please do Arizona & America a big favor, RETIRE
Sick and tired of @SenJohnMcCain beating around the bush. Step up and be the hero you once were, Senator. Save this nation!
Hero??? I suggest you Google McCain and the U.S.S. Forrestal. Find out what this "hero" did.
Sorry I don't follow conspiracy theories. Waste of time.
really? I guess man made climate change doesn't fit into the conspiracy category?
i don't even know what you're talking about. are you a climate change denier?
no,I believe in climate change wholeheartedly. Its the man made part that cause me to laugh.
We will never have a peacefully accepted election again. The media has destroyed our democracy!
Don't blame the media. Partisan politics has totally eroded any hope for a peacefully accepted election again. Remember, "alternative facts"
Remember @LesterHoltNBC  & @donnabrazile feeding questions to Hillary? No, lets hold the MSM accountable first then REAL news can come back!
The media that you bash is how you found out about Holt & Brazile informing Hillary on the topics of discussion.
Sen McCain, why waste your time with those losers?
Let's guess what the conversation will be
? Another way to run down the President of the US?
TRAITER! Uare a hypocrite backstabber "DEMO" do nothing for the GOP or  Trump @POTUS he said bad things to U and you s..t on USA NOVOTEFORU
Part of the swamp to go down the drain. I'm sure our President knows you're not to be trusted. Trump will MAGA despite you & nasty MSNBC
this show sucks
TRAITER! Uare a hypocrite backstabber "DEMO" do nothing for the GOP or Trump @POTUS he said bad things to U and you s..t on USA, NOVOTEFORU
Who needs Chuck Schumer when you have John turncoat McCain .
JOE MACCANN SHOULD ENJOY  HIS LAST TERM!
you are the biggest traitor to america in many years. you hate trump more than you love our country thank GOD you were never elected
Wow, really? Are you sooo blind that you can't see how unprepared Trump is? Open your eyes.
no honest person is prepared for dishonest traitors
The liberals love a RINO who slanders the president.
Mc Cain is a sales man! Not a team player
He will do America a favor' once he is retires from congress! 
Young blood are smart too?
Mouthpiece for the left now......
Of course you're at liberal interviews. Please retire, be quiet and go away. Americans are sick of you!
No one is interested in a sore loser!
Trump helps this RINO win his reelection then this POS hawkish, war mongering traitor McCain keeps stabbing him in the back
TRAITER! Uare a hypocrite backstabber "DEMO" do nothing for the GOP or  Trump @POTUS he said bad things to U and you s..t on USA, NOVOTEFORU
Help Trump! Uare you a hypocrite backstabber do nothing for the GOP or Trump @POTUS he said bad things to U and you s..t on USA, NOVOTEFORU
ON THE RIGHT SHOW FOR A UNDER COVER DEM.

Whoopee !

Spaced you Bitches U.S. For Ukraine Iraq Syria in tatters NATO terrorists
#usa #ukraine #nato #SaveDonbassPeople
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wkbsoxzfssk&t=74s …
This Traitorous POS is still masquerading as a Hero. He was charged with Treason until Nixon Pardoned himHe belongs in Prison 
The democrat from Arizona is the NEW DARLING of Liberal Media. Dont look for any more time in DC.  U R Done!
I want to know how long you have been in the Senate? What, 25 years? OMG GET THE F OUT. Report your yearly income to Phoenix citizens. Quit!
Sorry if this sounds kinda mean but, you don't help anybody in Phoenix ever!! How do you get elected over and over? I never vote for you
I don't mean to be rude but, you should not be on the Senate Armed Forces Commitee. You are too old and crazy. Go home love with your wife
Why are you letting that woman who falsified  appts VA PHX, back in with alot of cash? I don't want to be rude but you should RETIRE now
Back on with your friends on the Lib network
In all due respect, Trump was referring to unfairness as a politician, not a POW. Thank you for your device sir. Please support your Prez.
ONCE A GREAT WING MAN......SADLY?  NO MORE..ITS HIS OLE EGO  NOW NOT HIS PARTY
Which way were you running as your shipmates were running to rescue your fellow aviators on the Forrestal?
oh the new leader of the democratic party
We need term limits
God you are a traitor to your party and voters ashamed I gave you a vote in 2008 truly ashamed
@SenJohnMcCain does not understand hypocrisy at all
You are no patriot John. Sad that you are trying to overthrow our democracy right now. We have become a banana republic.
Songbird McCain
Carry on Senator! I disagree with much of your policy but appreciate your independence. Country/party!
Remembered for ancestry, capture, wife's wealth, Sara Palin, career with CNBC in late life and  LOSER

l
Senator McCain, I am from MD. You are a hero who I greatly admire. The President must stop lashing out on Twitter. It is hurting him & USA.
Please go away  Real Americans are sick of you
Notice how John McCain only appears on Liberal shows?  What does that tell you?

John McCain is a joke that will soon die of old age . Joe & Mika are untrustworthy cheaters that shouldn't be trusted. JOE HOWS THAT INTERN?
Didn't she die suspiciously?
In his office I think...It's the reason @JoeNBC is no longer in office.. Joe seems 2 really like his coworkers . " #SuicideAwareness "
He probably did it
Oh no. So typical for Johnnie. I wish AZ could take back our vote!
Dems are "slow-walking nominations"?! Is that like GOP blocked SCOTUS nomination? Shame on you and the GOP! Quit condoning partisan politics
You both are a disgrace!  You @SenJohnMcCain may have been a POW but you are a traitor to your country!!  Retire now old man!!!
Thank you Senator McCain for your bravery, now more than ever!
Senator why didn't u call for a Spe Prosecutor when Obama gave out IsraelI secrets. Guess it's takes courage to oppose power...

Another reason to not watch!
Comey was fired for no reason, he was only doing his job to find the truth! He should be reinstated back as a Director of the FBI
NOT getting over Illegit Twitler! Hillary: 3million more votes but EC. Rus/WikiLies poisoned pub opinion. Prob some states hacked. Kobach.
Sorry PH I hated her before Wikileaks and New she was crooked before they showed us the proof
Вы - полезный дурак. Путин любит вас!
Ты нехорошая киска, и Хиллари тебя любит
Time to retire
Uh ok but can u get him to actually DO ANYTHING? He just talks like a Tiger and squeals like a mouse. All the time. Fed up with him.
I highly respect U, but republicans didn't allow anyone 2 go through when Obama was in office. This is not about the election,  do your jobs
irrelevant left wing puppet show starring HEAD MSNBC REDFACED PUPPET JOE N FWB CHEATING @morningmika AND REST OF MSNBC MICE
gr8 watching you just now Thanx 4 your dedication to USA & having the courage to put country over party. Lucky to have u in the Senate now
.@SenJohnMcCain: "I'm really pleased that Joe has found someone that loves him as much as he does."  @Morning_Joe @morningmika
How can any sane person get over the election of trump. Don't put on Dems we resist with integrity. trump is GOP
After their really nasty hit job on @KellyannePolls it screams volumes of your character you would even go on there. 

Not a good man.
& @GOP will blindly follow @realDonaldTrump over a cliff Demanding loyalty NOT 2 country but 2 #sleazytrump #sad
Hello? @realDonaldTrump hasn't nominated hundreds of appointees and you still find a way to blame the @SenateDems DEPLORABLE partisan hack!
Swamper and traitor to veterans on his watch
Of course u sit there lying bout Dems to take the blame off Trump! Is it possible for a Rep to tell the truth?
Please RETIRE ALREADY. People do NOT realize what a miserable old F*** U R. You may fool a lot of people but more R getting it! #urtimeisup
Ridiculous politicians need to go Call your Senators 202-224-3121
Tell them to support Our President #Johnmccain #sethrich #russia
Your Watergate comment is ridiculous
@realDonaldTrump wrkin & supported by Russia Agreed 2 meet Russian Ambassador n WH at PUTIN told #sleazytrump
Yes, go after the Turkish gov't for human rights violations.  #ProtestTurkishEmbassy
With all due respect some of us don't buy the Dem jab when GOP obstructed Dems and President Obama for 8 years as well as Judge Garland.
I guess republicans never got over Obama being elected when they didn't put through Merrick Garland for Supreme Court. #HYPOCRITES
Can you blame the Dems "slow walking"? They can't trust ANY Trump appointment at this time. Unfit Presidents should not make appointments.
Republicans attempted, and succeeded to obstruct Obama at every turn for 8 years. HYPOCRITE!
BETA
Nice burn, John.
great job today Sir. Thank you for all you do and We need you now more than ever!!!
Just watched you on Morning Joe. You said Democrats just can't get over losing the election. Republicans couldn't get over losing to Obama.
Once again you are America's hero!! Thank you John McCain you continue to stand strong for America!! Your so so appreciated!!
@SenJohnMcCain  You are part of the problem. It is time now for you to support your president #Johnmccain #sethrich #russia
If you want the truth about Trump, impose more severe sanctions on Russia for their meddling in our elections and see who's heads roll then
McCain...all lips no action
#GOPofHATEand
WE KNOW ALL ABOUT YOU "WET START" MCCAIN! YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN TRIED FOR TREASON, ALONG WITH YOUR BUDDY KERRY!
Great interview! A hero emerges from the Republican team to choose country over Party!
Good Medications!!!
That show is ridiculous, I watch just to see heads talking
I Never Watch CNN,Mnbc..And Down To About 4 Show's On Fox Now!!Can't Tell No Difference Anymore..

Ok honest representatives,time for all who can to investigate Trumprussia, never again can we let a foreign power interfere in our elections
who cares -u are a war monger and dispicable
How typical of you and McCain. What an easy mark you picked. You want Trump impeached and he wants to be the righteous man leading the jury!
Glad to see you support Americans right to peacefully protest, get Erdogan out of our Country, please
Morning Sir. Thank you
#Cuck
a perfect fit for a worthless show
Barf!!
Oh good....obstructionist McCain!
Wouldn't watch your show if you gave it to me! #fakenews AdulteryFornication don't do you two well! No one wants to hear the Your judgment!
Who cares???
Yes, the perfect place for a dishonest politician like You. Enjoy the sludge!
Mika calls GOP nuts! Can't say deplorable?
Barf
Completely lost my confidence after yesterday. Let me down
@downeypatti  good idea he is credible lol you people are sick.
what a shock, McCain going on a liberal show.  McCain is a disgrace to not only his party but the country.
Only if he doesn't fold on himself
Getting the attention he craves.
#NationalUnityNow FBI Director must get majority of both R's & D's for senate confirmation. No more Trump hacks. @SenSchumer
Ok. Great a so-called republican who will dish dirt. Btw McCain and Waters sounds like a great show.
vietnam, such good memories.
2 losers together! Joe, Wannasee irrelevant parrot and John, senile jealous loudmouth.
the only Republican willing to talk
John McCNN John McMSNBC. Defect already or retire
Esteemed Senator McCain, you know that a self-confessed, serial groper should not be CINC! He should not speak at future "service grads."
Esteemed? 
Yesterday, Trump, as CINC, whined to our CG grads about his self-inflicted wounds! How friggin classless can this "Manchurian" be! Shameful!
Told the grads to fight! Ironic from silver spoon baby!
Joe and Mika are complicit - they knew what trump was but were too giddy about their friendship with him to say what we all knew. #treason
Can any Democrats be linked to Russia or are they all squeaky clean?
Senator, do you still say a special prosecutor is not warranted? Please be on the right side of history. #countrybeforeparty
Won't watch. McCain, @morningmika and @Morning_Joe have all lost what ever integrity they had. Stop the witchhunt.
Agree and Joe loves to throw around the word liar. How about him to his 2 ex-wives?
He's still pussywhipped. 
Why should anyone listen to this traitor, VIAGRA induced bellicose? No has any respect for you Vietnam Traitor.
Traitor??? TRUMP draft dodged & talk about traitor... McCain is a veteran & POW where's the RESPECT??
He was a traitor in Vietnam, he was never a Hero. Rapist Bill Clinton dodged the draft, he left the country not 2serve. U want talk abt it?
Trump has huge business interests in Turkey. That's all he cares about. Follow the money.
Fincent should start with his taxes
DT's loyalty to Flynn bc Flynn knows abt peepee tape thx to Putin. Read somewhere that Flynn was only one able to talk disrespectfully to DT
Joe & McCain two peas in a pod
#Breaking #wikileaks The Democrat Leadership has been indicted for allowing a Kenyan born candidate to infiltrate US government DNC CLOSED .
Follow the money. Trump Pence Kushner all guilty vis a vis Flynn.
As Joe and Mika smugly report the #TrumpRussia story, I think back to the hrs of press they gave him as they said over and over "emails."
Where is McCain's outrage when the thugs beat up on peaceful demonstrators for Trump supporters, the thugs destroying property in Berkeley?
GOP courted the RINO Trump supporters into the GOP. Now the RINOs trying to take control of the GOP. You sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
Maybe Flynn is lying now
LOL~at this point HTH would you know with any of them.  Stories change in the moment sometimes...
Promised By @potus For His #WIFE At The Now CORRUPT @StateDept! You're NOTHING #McCain But A LEGEND In Your #OWN MIND & A #TRAITOR To #US!
Dear God someone supply Duct Tape for McCain. He has to be suffering from dementia
they should first pass it out at the WH...then if there is any leftover, send it to Congress
