McCain will do nothing -never has done anything positive for the USA.McCain, a waste.McCain IS The Swamp along with his buddies,"my friend"!
Hes also a traitor who sold out American GI's during Vietnam so he could have a great POW lifestyle, same with John Kerry.
Or Washington
Exactly. Does Keith have anything to do with this one @SenJohnMcCain ??
Keith? Btw, please be wary of Louise Mensch. She's a Murdoch lackey
The Kremlin is now in the WH!! DO SOMETHING
Would you please vote WITH your statements instead of along party line?  Please explain your votes in juxtapose to your statements.  Empty.
Christopher Wray's law firm represents Rosneft and Gazprom, two of Russia’s largest state-controlled oil companies.
real puppet of real culprit remains ensconced in WH.
But partisanship before leadership...on the sinking ship
Hey McCain i hope you have some evidence. If you don't so stop to talk like a man with a paperasshole.
Why did you approve Rex Tillerson, Wilbur Ross and others connected to Russia? Don't approve Christopher Wray for FBI Director.
We're not in the Cold War Days, Stop your paranoia, we need more dialogue with Russia. Wouldn't be great if we respected each other???
So wrong. Cold War never ended. It is alive and well. And living in our White House. I believe now more than ever Trump is a Russian Spy.
News flash John. The Cold War ended.
Our compromised traitor in the white house wants "deliverables" for Putin. How long until Russia takes the territory east of the Dnipro?
More empty words? You say one thing and then vote the opposite. Remember the "nuclear option "? You voted for it after bashing it.
And to think, I once supported you in your run for president.
.....and pulling levers of power in our White House.

Where are the Seth Rich killers?
@SenJohnMcCain -TALK is cheap -ACTION more fit a worthy war hero - remind me again what the called you-cut him down if you got the balls
Oh stop Senator.  You are staining your legacy by refusing to remove this Putin stooge from the WH.
Why don't you save our country from anymore humiliating tweets from Trump.  We are getting fed up with GOP flip flops.
You are covered in the blood of the USS Liberty. That's part of your traitorous past and present.
PLEASE explain that to your president.
Time for a first strike nuclear war, right?
This Russian obsession is not heathy. N. Korea, China, Iran are bigger treats. Get some therapy...& retire.
So what you're saying is that you're "deeply concerned"? Oh, ok then, carry on #traitor
Focus on you're on country. There is "putin's devil" in the whitehouse unleashing hell & your silence is mind boggling.
You're no leader!
Then involve yourself in the investigation "american war hero"
And his bff is right down Pennsylvania ave. until you're ready to deal with him, spare us the crocodile tears over Putin.
It is when the Russians poison opposition figures in other countries; and get away with it.
Someone said you sold your soul to very your wife a position with this administration. Did you? Can't imagine the pressure was more than b4
Ground control to Major Tom. Seriously your thoughts are scattered and disjointed, take some time off. Its ok.
Постоянно кручу на хую и ебу в рот мать Маккейна и родителей и всех предков Каспарова.
54th DEFIN'N OF DEPLORABLE IS
NOT KNOWING THE MEANING OF "ENSCONCED"! ask someone 2 slap u across the back of the head if this applies to u
And what exactly are you doing to stop Putin?  Because it seem like you're agreeing with everything that his presidential puppet proposes.
Does Putin do to you anything bad? You'd better see about the matters of your own country.
I want to respond Senator; but the fact that you, by action, do not care about the behavior(s) of DJT leaves me lisless - is that the idea
Just kidding Senator.......
Thank you, Senator McCain, for your lifelong commitment to freedom everywhere. Much respect, sir.
Like in Saudi Arabia.
Youre still alive?
So does the @POTUS
Could not agree more!
Are you lost you're mine?!
Well, stop supporting the president who supports this.
Thank you for talking about something other than the tweets. But the GOP did let Trump happen, so we still hold you accountable.
How do we know it wasn't your cia?
You need to step down. RINO
why does this #illegit45 need to talk to Putin at all?He should be banned from this country for interfering in our election.
Why so many tweets, you trying to convince people you have a pulse on the issues? Most of us want you gone, you have passed your prime here!
I'd like to know what your part in this whole RUSSIAN Conspiracy truly is.
One thing is more than obvious - you are totally obsessed with Russia
Sen McCain, you are an honorable person, but talk is cheap and we heard a lot of talking. Show me, don't tell me.
Re: Trump's unhinged tweets this morning, where are you on the continuum of concerned to furrowed brow 
I think you might want to address the morning tweet storm, Senator.
Has Nikki Haley hijacked Senator McCain's account?
Really? You have no problem with Russia murdering our democracy.
At a minimum, he should be censured. Immediately. GOP is on track to lose ALL but diehard female voters. Deservedly. DO SOMETHING.
You may not want to address his every tweet, but you damn sure need to address the defiling of the office and misogyny.
When is Trump going to investigate Russian hacking? He can't or won't. What are you going to do about it?
Here we go again Russia Russia Russia why don't you move to there & let some 1 else work for the American people that cares about the USA
You know what some Americans said in the 1930s? "Here we go again, Germans Germans Germans."
Senator I have deep respect for you and I know you know- what is happening in the White House is wrong. Please help us. We need you.
Regarding Trump, please do you job as a patriot and an American Senator.
So what's the plan? Bomb, bomb, bomb.
...and the cyberattack on US democracy, which still doesn't concern @POTUS @realDonaldTrump either.
Yawn
Wow Meghan you and the Senator seem to have a large group of Liberal Supporters. Have you considered changing Parties? TERM LIMITS
So tired of john mccain, he's a war monger and a never trumper.
Yeah. Somebody should, like, do something.
#retire
Any comments on the @POTUS Vulgar comments on twitter this morning?
Get your wife out of the trump administration
But if you start blaming that old goon McCrazy for Libya and Syria - you are a conspiracy theorist.
Stop trump or this will be happening here. Our country is falling apart at a rapid pace. We have no leader.
Sen. McCain, you have done so well with Syria. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Now please #StopArmingSaudi so I can still respect you. 
Burn down the world before you leave us why don't ya.
Tough to decide how much of what you say is truth, how much is propaganda and how much is senile dementia. Time to retire hero.
Yet you certainly did your part Senator McCain by carrying the dirt folder to ensure that Trump was denigrated and accused of treason
What a crybaby.
With control of our WH!
Why did U vote #FriendofRussia Tillersen to Sec of State?! #Complicit much? Can U start #IndependentCommission? Mueller limited in scope.
Then don't take money from them even if funneled in a back handed way.
agree...plus these guys will be outta jail and living in a dacha in Sochi within 3yrs
Putin is a Murderous Kleptocratic. He wants to destroy Democtacy.
Defend Democtacy! 
USA must take action against RU.  GOP must stop being the Party of Putin.
Please pressure @RepKevinBrady to stop sitting on the sanctions bill. cc "putin pays trump" @GOPLeader and "we're a family" @SpeakerRyan
From a fellow veteran who is a Lifelong Dem - thank you sir.  You have my lasting respect.
JFC. You put Tillerson in the CABINET.
And the White House. Do something.
