Senator, are you going to stand for 2 million vets who rely on Medicaid,incl 50k in AZ, who will lose coverage under Graham-Cassidy or not?
But ruin ourHealthcare?Looks like we needMore Military&Veteran spending63% of DiscretionarySpending?Y not  military& Veterans&HCARE?
But you can't get health care, taxes, hurricane relief, or immigration taken care of. RETIRE Brutus
CAPTION: Thanks Senator. Now I can buy that yacht . . . I mean that battleship.
VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy
Love our President. Thank u Trump!
Vote no on HC bill. Millions will lose coverage including veterans that fought for all of your warmongering colleagues.
Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy Please!
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Think how much healthcare or hurricane relief that would buy.
No defense.. no America..no America...no health care
Now you can go on record opposing Cassidy-Graham as it doesn't follow Regular Order. @SenJohnMcCain, it's your moment again to be a leader!
Please don't disappoint us.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy Please don't let some misguided sense of loyalty to one person destroy the lives of millions!
#GroupThink
You've followed regular order with this bill, right @SenJohnMcCain? Why not with #Healthcare?
Is this why they want the #GrahamCassidyBill ????????
I think they want that for the rich tax cut!
So how are you going to pay for all this increased military spending? And for disaster relief and for tax reform & for???
A shame that the Senate can't pass a better healthcare plan. Please vote no to #lindseygraham
Trump insane. Stop him NOW B4 he kills millions in Korea. All GOP will be war criminals

That is good to have, but Senator please make sure the contractors don't screw the military for $500 toilet seats!
Please vote no on the new healthcare bill. Tons of money for military, but ok to let people get sick & die.
How do Pro-Life REP spend $700B on weapons meant only to destroy life, while also working to deny MILLIONS HC coverage? Does that add up?
Oh boy more toys to play with.
As long as we have enough money to kill the sick & poor in America. Maybe they'll open #WellsFargo credit accounts to finance their health
Its about time.
Success sir as it should be please hold your heart n mind n  vote no on Cassidy graham bill pre existing n caps vital otherwise death wish
Yes let's keep borrowing from China so we can kill Muslims with drone strikes and make enemies for the next generation
But we can't afford basic healthcare. 
So we can pay for bombs but not HC for all....really? GOP focus isn't on life it's on death. #resist @SenJohnMcCain
Was this your reward for denying healthcare to Americans? I hope not. Vote no on #deathcare
Keep eyes on the prize!
Trump has pockets he fills with OUR MONIES for his own uses.
Whores
Drugs
Russia
Sweatshops
Trafficking
And how much of that is going to our veterans? Really could have used that in our Healthcare. I'm sure that would have covered the wall.
Fix my health care
And the middle class will pay for it when our taxes go up
I support the bill which benefits the military in many ways. I ask you Sen.  McCain to not vote for the latest healthcare bill that is worse
The GOP can always find lots of war money !!!
Evidently we're cranking up to let the draft-dodger-in-chief kill millions of our Amer. soldiers for his own ego enhancement.
FIX ACA !OVERHAUL THE SYSTEM !AND FIX IT PROPERLY! ANY AND ALL OTHER BILLS WILL NOT WORK !ACA HAS WORKED FOR 10 YEARS! SO IT HAS PROBLEMS
Outrageous.
$700 billion! And y'all are going to vote to strip 32 million people of their health insurance, raise premiums, and hurt families. Shame!

At United Nations, @POTUS says US can "totally destroy North Korea." Remember when we destroyed Afghanistan & Iraq? How'd that work out? https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/910149044789551105 …
Are you Senators so afraid of Trump dining with Chuck and Nancy that you will acquiese to him? #GrahamCassidyBill is a disaster.

#GrahamCassidy would eliminate Medicaid entirely by 2026.

Not just the expansion. Everything.…
That’s not keeping federal spending down.
Maybe we need to use some of that money to train r police as home better.
No cbo score. No regular order. No bipartisan work and Cutting of funding to Arizona = #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
If Trump wasn't warmongering this defense money would never be needed
Please do not vote for the health bill. Or add that all those in Congress & their families get the same. Would you really want this?
Someone likely pay for this, and to be sure it isn't Israel is it?
Now #SaveTheACA Your pal @LindseyGrahamSC has a terrible bill. No pre-existing condition coverage; shrinks medicaid. No thanks to that.
Pay off for your deep state masters, did Satan offer you a bigger sword?
How the F does this make sense when we have  PR, Florida & Texas in desperate need of aid & Healthcare being threatened?
Congratulations.  And please...thumbs down, again, to REPEAL of ACA!
You're ok with this. But medical for all is to expensive ? How do you except medical treatment when you want to give us #deathcare ?
Where in the Constitution does it say the Government must provide you with medical care. Typical Democrate
Laughing stock of the world. More $ on defense ( already the largest in the world) can't provide health care for citizens. Sick
No to the ACA replacement
Good! 
Senator the country does NOT need more weapons! 
The country needs HEALTH COVERAGE OF ITS PEOPLE. 

DON'T KILL ACA!

#SaveACA
Bye John #rino 
#Arizona
Ok.  With you on that sir.   Now, follow up protecting the nation by protecting its most vulnerable, defeat #TrumpCare again!
Healthcare and education just went in the toilet.   The house can't wait to pass it.
So this a priority, but the @GOP doesn't think our healthcare is important enough? Please don't vote for this atrocious bill. 

Please.
Chalk you up as too stupid to even talk to...
Health Care Bill: Regular Order please
TRUMP Accused Elton John of Having Nuclear Weapons. ..He's Out of Control! So You Give Him More Weapons. ...Something Is Wrong America
$700 billion but we can't afford medical costs for our transgender troops...or Americans generally 

#translivesmatter #SaveACA
But decimating the ACA cuz "can't afford it" huh? Cool. Be a hero once again sir, and vote against the latest bill please.
Isn't the Senate obliged to consider how this enormous new expense is to be funded?
Looks like e are going to need it after our President calls another paranoid leader a name NK has nuke's crazy
Let us keep our health care! Please!
No to #GrahamCasiddy
But healthcare is on the line. Bass-akward priorities.
Great! Now don't vote to STEAL healthcare!! Thank you! I also hope you're feeling well!
BIPARTISAN BILL!!! So let's fix  healthcare by BIPARTISAN effort! That's what you called for..
We are all hoping you vote against the new healthcare bill. Our lives depend on it.
What r u going to do when it expires and u no longer have healthcare
So we can afford this, but not healthcare?
DT has nt drained the Swamp
He's drained OUR TREASURY for himself.That's why IVANKA has been@the Treasury for a week now.Personal Business
#NODEATHCARE VOTE NO
I bet you're all wet over that vote. Who do we attack next...
What a waste of funds.

You have better things to spend your money...
where are the "how can we afford this people"
