Why are your fellow party members actively trying to cover-up the investigations?
Do you believe everything that you read from the media? Propaganda, Subliminal..
John McCain is a songbird and a traitor to this country
I remember four deaths that cast suspicion on someone, and nothing happened...
I see so everything happening today is hunky dory with you @get real
what the hell r u talking about? Not much these days is o.k. with me. Where did u get that? OMG
#VladimirPutin is a criminal
Who? Oh, you mean the president? Oh wait, that's trump. You are correct. Trump is a criminal too
Senator, Trump has got to go.
Ps. The election is over. You are correct. Donald Trump is my President. But he is a very bad one and proves it very day. Sad!
He, with bi-partisan consensus, gave our vets a 2.1% raise -better than the 1.6 last year. I can see clearly. He is still incompetent.
Huh??
You mean Presdent Trump isnt as sophisticated and successful as me? Depends on your definition, but for the most part.....yep.   :)
No, I'm not going to read it. We are not getting into WW3 w/ Russia to satisfy ur bloodlust. 
#Songbird #WetStartJohnny #USSForesstal
Okay McCain, what is the solution to such perplexed problem?
you must be so excited with the news! Swallow this: Putin encourages ppl to fight corruption. It's your Russian allies who are  most corrupt
Who cares?  Americans want TRUMP's agenda passed!!!!!!!!!
Trump never says anything negative when dictators kill the opposition. Why? He wants the same level of power. That's his end goal.
More likely killed by CIA than Putin
Read how dictators behave & you will see every point on Trump's plan for his presidency. Get rid of free press, put all power with pres. etc
And trump glorifies Putin
Worry about your State sir? That is why your there A-Hole. Tweet me back and I'll do my address. I'm not a faceless AZ voter. I meet you.
The man who lost all respect speaks.
Another Victim of Trump derangement syndrome
Trump made the remark how Putin was a strong leader & he gets along great with him,Trump is afraid to say anything bad,Putin owns him.
The people obsessed with bashing Putin are Israel or Saudi Arabia, that fund ISIS, lovers ! Nostalgic of USSR Bolshevik "elite" ? #Trump
That would be Russia's problem not yours. Now try to stand by our President or retire please.
We knew that for awhile
We know where your loyalties lay & they aren't with We the People or the COTUS.
Where was your big mouth about 8 years of Obama collusion with the worlds biggest terrorist organization? OH, you funded & armed them.
Your buddies from the Forrestal and the Hanoi Hilton say hi, Songbird! Also, why did Saudi Arabia give a million dollars to your foundation?
Stalin himself said "the devil is on our side, he's a good communist". And now the devil has positioned 45 and his minions in Washington .
John, you've got the power to do more than just tweet about it. Do something or your words mean nothing.
So the CIA is any different? This doesn't happen in US? For all we know it was the CIA. You're a thug and a murderer, McCain. #warmonger
How about when you & @LindseyGrahamSC illegally pushed for war in Ukraine? Asking for a friend, you bloodthirsty warmonger. Ring any bells?
Mysterious? Like ppl don't know Putin is a ruthless piece of shit? How else do you become the richest man in the world on a gov salaried gig
is this akin to deaths of dozens of Americans that cast suspicion on Clintons?
Fake
Do something please. Independant investigations
It must be more about the..
R
Ru
Rus
Russ
Russi
Russia
Russian
Russians

No..it's Putin.
Damn got it wrong.
Thank you John for reminding us.
OMG someone woke up McCaine.
The silence was so fantastic.
Pity.
you're a war criminal! Another CIA senator.
Is @USAtoday Zionist owned newspaper @Nytimes never exposed Economic Crime of  20Th century-Rape of RussFed assets 1990 by Jewish oligarchs
Hilary Clinton`s witness Seth all of sudden dead @USATODAY
Lets also talk abt why McCain refused to do anthing abt chi com soldiers in arizona. Ranchers killing them & putting bods on mccains desk
Been going on for decades. Mex & chinese army in arizona & mccain refuses to address situation. Now ranchers are being killed.
Who cares... SEFU
This smells like the new Trump Russia ties
Doesn't trump have a call with him today?
@realDonaldTrump as long as trump isn't suspicious we are in good shape, don't you think? McCain for interim Pres right after DT & MP quit
So today you're not in a coma?
Don't forget your boss either. I'm sure these men had information just waiting to come out. But you @GOP like to help him hide.
Suspicion? Are you kidding me? You know a guy named Putin? And now he's got the Republicans under his thumb. Prosecute!
And dozens of deaths around the Clintons doesn't raise suspicions!
I want to read: "Senator & War Hero brings party members along to remember USA>@GOP & majority constituents>rich donors.
He's a criminal, we all know that.
Trump administration has too many ties to Putin. Demand an independent investigation. Trump is killing this country. He needs to go. HELP!
Follow the dead Russians
Must-do: Start an independent investigation of Trump. #Resist #CountryB4Party
THESE ARE CONNECTED TO TRUMP/RUSSIA KNOWLEDGE. HOW DO YOU BREATHE OR EAT WHILE TALKING OUT OF YOUR MOUTH IN SO MANY ANGLES AND WAYS 24/7
Hey Maverick, Do you know anyone in our government that could do something about Russia?
In the photo the flag of the Donetsk Republic's funeral"Motorola"battalion commander of the rebels,the Yankees are just a lying scum...
Finalize trump/Russia collusion & impeach along with Pence. They were all aware & involved.
How about some action.  Your words on Twitter are not even close to enough.  Push for the investigation or just shut up and fade away.
The difference between you and putin is  that you failed to become the president .
Nice to see you are back to defend America Mr. McCain against the foreign and domestic enemy.
Do something already!! #TrumpRussia collusion
#specialprosecutor #trumprussia
AGAIN, YOU'LL DO NOTHING.
Vladimir Putin, the villain Trump idolizes. Impeach Trump before he destroys America.
You and the GOP should be able to relate to that. You're showing the world how much we love thuggery EVERYDAY! 
WH door is always open to um
без моей помощи истина видна не будет
And the United States Congress does nothing to investigate Russia and our elections. Put up or shut up at this point Senator.
Exactly, Senator.
Sanctions for Russia??  Impeachment for Administration??  Doing your job?? But that would mean finding your soul and your country.
@SenJohnMcCain do not just spread the news, do the right thing
Why the bigly delay???
Worry about the Demonstrators here in America, who are they, who organized them, who paid for them? Stop worrying about Russia or #Retire
Wow, finally talking about Russia. Now let's talk about that president you confirmed... did you know he has links to Putin?
Yet some senators and supporters R okay w/his relationship w/Putin BAD BAD BAD @IndivisibleTeam @AltStateDpt
#trumprussia and the indictments working their way through court cast suspicion on OUR @POTUS and Putin. #IndependentInvestigation for truth
What is the status of the Trump Russia Investigation ?

Impeach Trump!
What are you waiting for McCain?
With all due respect Senator McCain stop retweeting and start acting to ensure full and speedy investigation of #trumprussia
Yes, yes, yes!!!
Does the long trail of conspirators in the Trump campaign or administration cast suspicion? How can you turn a blind eye to treason?
PLEASE stay on this administration for potential collusion during the election.
Potential?  It's obvious!!!
With their deaths no one can give information on what happened in our presidential election #@SenJohnMcCain
No..no... just ask Putin... he will tell yu ..just like the hacking.. wasn't Russia..
The same Putin that assaulted our democracy by hacking our election. How's that #TrumpRussiaInvestigation going BTW? #TrumpRussia
why am I still following you? You're a liar who panders to MSM & then votes opposite of what you say.
Seriously? Are you just now realizing this? The repubs are complicit in all of this. U have No more credibility. Stop the madness sir!
Good Tuesday Morning, Sen. John McCain
yes, this is was good. However, per another article in this issue, please don't call dictators strongmen.
MCCAIN if you spent more time dealing with American problems the world would be better place!
PLEASE PUSH 4 RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY    U CAN CALL TRAITOR TRUMP ON THIS HELP SAVE DEMOCRACY
The real corruption senator, is the bought and paid for senators like you, by lobbyist, inside gov't agencies & from multinational business.
So why aren't you calling for an independent investigation of
#TRUMPRUSSIA
With all due respect Sir this isn't "news" to those of us who've paid attention the past several months but glad you're acknowledging this
Latest attack on Navalny, Putin rival and critic
Putin challenger claims Kremlin ordered 'acid to be thrown in his eyes' in dramatic green paint attack that may cost him his sight. 
Claims? Any proofs? The guy will claim anything to attract more attention
Country over party. I'm a Dem in another state but you'd have my vote, sir.
And most likely w ties to Trump #StartImpeachmentAlready #RepubsAreDoingNothing #NotVotingRepubs2018
You have been brainwashed by Putin's alt right! He's been doing it for over a decade and you fell into the rabbit hole!
No propaganda
@maddow has been covering this ongoing for weeks.
