You badmouthed our president while on foreign soil? Disgusting!
What the hell are you doing in Italy! You're embarrassing yourself.
Trump is deserving of hearing the truth from Senators such as McCain! Rather than ass kissing from ppl like @RandPaul !
How about you start carrying about the US start supporting our president and STOP with your globalisation c**p! Or just shsh.... It
Why are you visiting world leaders.  It is not your job. Take your brain tumor and go away
ITALIA ROMA LOOK PRESIDENT....
ROMA:RISORSA URINA IN PIENO GIORNO SUL MONUMENTO DEI CADUTI ! STILI DI VITA ! VERGOGNOSO!#MovimentOnesti 
You are a traitor.
thanks for representing us so beautifully.
You DON'T REPRESENT USA, THAT'S THE PROBLEM
bella stretta di mano MASSONICA.....
Thank you for expressing the beliefs of the American people in Italy. We are alarmed and fatigued by trumps reckless, uninformed tweeting.
Two old weak politicians
Forgot to mention how great it felt trashing our Wonderful President like usual
Why don't you support our President?  You are not a patriot. We the people do NOT want globalization.

Guardate questo servizio capirete quanto sia difficile x le donne passeggiare a #Roma #Africani avete rotto insultate vs sorelle! #Parassiti 
And don't come back!!
Don't listen to the trumpers on your feed. They are ignoramuses. All too stupid or lazy to go out and grab the ring. Thanks for your service
Hope you enjoyed your bucket list vacay on my dime. I'm ashamed to call you a Senator.
You mean to globalism don't you? Isn't that your thing, commie globalism?
Almeno c'è qualcuno che riconosce qualche nostro merito.
You're a lying RINO John. You promised to repeal Obamacare then voted against the simplest repeal. Always remember how you betrayed America.
Italy, you are more than welcome to keep this traitor in your country. We don't need him back.
Amen
Save it to yourself, please.
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain for your great appreciation of our #TEHA Forum @TEHAmbrosetti
Yu deserved a standing ovation at the end of your speech
What? Name one thing Italy has done for global security? You got to retire!
Ma chi è sto coglione e che cazzo dice?
So important to put country first.
Our Democracy depends upon integrity and leaders like you Senator.
Sir, your stature as war hero & Senator make you the perfect candidate to be the GOP voice of reason when America needs you most. Stop trump
Certainly is a good hypocrit.  Standing in as a republican when really an obstructionist democrat.  If he lives Songbird will be voted out.
Actually most Americans want politicians to be like Sen McCain by voting for what is right vs voting along party lines. Country over party.
1 like not much compared to 29z. Was that your own like 
Hey, one more like, and it will be the same number as your number of followers.
I control who follows me thank you very much
Che bella compagnia!! Gli amici di #Soros e nemici dei rispettivi popoli.. @POTUS
#TRAITOR
TREASON  Is old habit with McCain,No pardon for Hanoi songbird this time.
Article 134 of the ucmj is to be charged senjonmccain, report to the commander in chief, and the chief of staff shall read your rights.
Please resign and retire now. You are not for a united America. You have a vendetta against Trump
I really wish John McCain good health. But come on John you're 80 years old get out of the fucking way you're killing republican party
John your a sellout to Reps. Your time is over thank god. Reps like you Ryan are destroying are party. Get out of the way of American reps.
Diamond Backs 13-0!!!! JD VIP on Labor Day! Go diamond backs!!!!
I pray for you. You could have gone out a proud man. Instead u will go done as 1 of the most despised. You've disgraced Country n Family!!!
Why don't you do everyone a favor and get out of politics. You're old, out of touch, and more importantly have no idea about American needs!
I support TERM LIMIT because of u!!
Let me perfectly clear. USA is NOT in favor of Globalization 
@realDonaldTrump is in office because we DO NOT agree. McCain =Lying Rhino
You got a big mouth one vote Johnny when it comes to Trump they just asked you a simple question where did you get the 9 million from
You are a coward.  A traitor. A true p.o.s.
https://newspunch.com/wikileaks-clinton-bribed-6-republicans/amp/ …  The hero?
You're SWAMP!  Don't return to congress all you do there is Obstruct! Stay home!!!
If McCain goal is to destroy his reputation and legacy, he's doing great! DEMS AND Rs HATE HIM EQUALLY NOW!
Do some work now you sewer dweller.  Retire - your brain was bad before.
Must see pics of fat McCain coming home from Vietnam while all other POW'S emaciated. He has been selling us out ever since.Globalisttraitor
Please resign already! America doesn't need a traitor like you!
Retire.....
The citizens are exhausted & depressed, nervous & embarrassed.The Republicans don't care , they expect their gerrymandering will save them.


Hey John, Explain where you got $9 million from?????????
U POS john McCain.  U dare to travel on taxpayers money to Italy just to trash talk the very taxpayers who voted for the President. Just GO
Why would be care to meet with a swamp rat? To find out how to be a loser?
Hmmm. Was this trip paid for by Soros?!
WHY are you there? No one sent you there, are you delusional or what? GO HOME AND RETIRE, you're irrelevant.

Quit going overseas and disrespecting my President.
Just quit already - You do not represent the American people. President Trump does
Plain & simple..RESIGN!! you ARE USELESS..Most americans do not want you in the House of Representatives! Go away!

Please save us from heartless cruel treasonous lying putin puppets -why ruin USA? @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP complicit treason #SaveDACA
Italy can't keep boatloads of terrorists off their shores. How is that helping with global security?  Fake John McCain can't get over it!
Tell us about USS #Forrestal #McCain

#WeThePeople would luv to know

Are some of ur records really sealed?
What is the truth?

USS #Forrestal 

…
American people want justice for Traitor McCain!
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1882089612055411/ …
It is time for you to retire. You no longer represent your constituents or what the Republican Party wants for our great nation.

The party of Lincoln has become the party of Charlottesville, Arpaio, DACA repeal and the Muslim ban http://wapo.st/2gEx1E6?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.dde4bf3d040f …
I wish I had been there to meet you, Mr. McCain
Selling out the American people to the progressive global agenda. You're no conservative. C'mon Arizona, vote this POS out
SO MCcain gets $9 million dollar donation to his so called institute and refuses to say from where..And why is the radical Soros donating ?
#McCain't nutt'n but a #RINO
Reminder: It was 'smart leaders' like John McCain that thought it was a great idea to give China over $1 trillian in bonds to blackmail us.
You don't represent US, @POTUS President Trump does!
@SenJohnMcCain get back to your seat and go to work.  I hate my tax $$paying for your trips. @potus will take of negotiations.
Sit down and be quiet, traitor.
Waiting to see how much damage you will inflict on America before you leave us
Oh Johnny you evil man. We can see what you are doing. Make Trump look bad at all costs, so your crimes against humanity will not be obvious
Americans are thinking about our country's security right now Mr. McCain. Why are you even over there?
