Liberty University bought the Christian Academy for $1 from Thomas Rd Baptist the church can medica
Christian academy was sold for $1 toLU 24501 campaign donations votes Massave. Medicade. Vote no
please help vote no the Medicade will go to Gerry Falwell Thomas Rd Baptist  sold the academy
I did PLENTY of research B 4 election. Did U know trump has been trying 2 build a hotel there 4 years? His presidency is his CASH COW!
Please help this is emorial hartless elders medicade going to Thomas Rd Baptist Lynchburg Va.
@SenJohnMcCain Announce your retirement already! Can't come soon enough!
Aren't you classy.
It's a trumpette, so, no.
Doubtless she's afraid of Senator McCain standing up for the truth against her hero Donnie.
Google Songbird McCain. He woudnt know the truth if slapped him in the head and gave him cancer
Wait do I see you believe you're a Christian and a nurse? If so how do you justify voting for Trump?
dont even go there when I bet you voted for slick willie not once but twice.http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/jones111498.htm …
Nope I actually didn't but I do know better than to vote for a child rapist. I especially loathe the partwhere Trump slapped her and threats
1997 the welfare releaf for churches signed by Clinton was for Hillary now for Trump elders medicad
Before you vote google the welfare releaf bill signed by BILL Clinton 1997. Massave campaign donati
TRBC 24501 can now receive welfare releaf for churches.Sold Christion academy for $1 to LU. MEDICADE. VOTENO
what happened to the morral majority. Elder medicade. Will go to massave campaign donations welfare for chur
Once again. Please vote no the elders Medicade will wind up in Trumps pocket campaign donations.
1997 bill signed by Bill Clinton welfare releaf for churches. Thomas Rd Baptist. Gerry Falwell vote
In Lynchburg Va Liberty UNIVERSITY. Gerry Falwell donates to trump campaign wants elders medicade
Liberty University bought the Christian Academy from Thomas Rd Baptist for $1 las week lyh,Va24501.
Liberty Unversity, the Christian Academy, Thomas Rd Baptist all one in same.
your conscience will put you back in hospital vote no medicade will go to TRBC welfare bill signed 1997 chur
Please google the welfare releaf bill signed by Bill Clinton 1997 massive campaign donations and vo
no one knows the 1997 welfare releaf for churches. Signed by Bill Clinton 1997 massave votes.
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpMustResign #TrumpResign #25thAmendmentNow
We need you on the watch, so please get better soon!  
Wait. What. Really? On Kamala?
Damn!! I'm sure you'll share when you can. That's too bad, she seems like a badass don't mess with me kind of gal.
Let's hear about Kamala, if you have it. Get it out into the public for debate!
Like McCain just had brain surgery & he's busy on Twitter. Right.
You're a clueless Sheeple
Thanks, troll.
You are a disgrace to the Senate! WAR HERO my ass!!! President Trump has been tougher on Russia than any President EVER and you know it! IT WAS OBAMA & HILLARY who gave them 20% of our uranium! RETIRE!!!
I agree, so many seem to purposely have their eyes shut.
only you can save elder medicade for campsign and votes time is running out LU bought academy. For $1
As of last week the academy was bought by Liberty leaving Thomas a Church only. Elders medicade
Gerry Falwell. Liberty University giving campaign donations votesSo Thomas Rd Baptist gets medicade
We know you will always put the country over the party! Thank you for serving, in so many ways!
That's your legacy? Linking to articles instead of actually doing something about it? @SenJohnMcCain @MJGerson @washingtonpost #Russia
It's something,  better than most
Is it? I like @SenJohnMcCain & wish him well, but he's no maverick. He puts on show, then falls in line
@kays1023 @MJGerson @washingtonpost
Yes I think that too but damn ugh anything anything
one week and church can get welfare 1997 bill by Clinton Gerry Falwell will give campaign money votes..
vote no medicade Will go to TRBC it is now only a church 24501 sold academy. For $1 to LU Gerry Falwell.
vote no. In 1997 a bill was signed welfare releaf for churches by Clinton. TRBC 24501 sold the Christion aca
Gerry Falwell campaign donations 100's votes will now accept elder medicade for Thomas Rd Baptist.
Why is it taking you and your fellow Senators so long to take action. How much more evidence do you need? History will not be kind to you.
Trump keeps acting like he's owned by Putin because HE' S OWNED BY PUTIN. Occam's razor. #GLOTUS #NotMyPresident
Will you ever support your President?
there's plenty of "proof" out there.   You may be too ignorant to see it but it's there.
I haven't seen any. Best one is one McCain leaked what a joke!
You can't even call this guy a rhino anymore poor Arizona  as usual liberal sold you right down the river
He's been so jealous of trump it's so sad like I said Trump got rid of McCain the bush Dynasty the Clinton Dynasty
trump has gotten rid of NOBODY.
BUSH AND CLINTONS SERVED 8 YEARS WHICH IS 2 TERMS
Another moron with the selective memory
Btw, I love being called names all you want, you will never hurt my feelings or change facts. It's ignorant fill ins that's all
liberals just can't take it you can dish it out but you certainly hate it when anybody gives you just a little bit of a pushback
You will be out of office soon John.
Yeah, now do something about it dude.
THANK YOU SENATOR MCCAIN. THERE IS NO QUESTION BUT THAT TRUMP IS IN LEAGUE WITH RUSSIA. AMERICA FIRST MY ASS! HE'S A TRAITOR.
Thank you sir. Stay well
Thank you. And please don't let up!
Might want to read this, @realDonaldTrump.
Let me remind you WHO got caught on the hot mic telling Russian Amb 'Once election over I'll have more leeway'... That wasn't TRUMP.
No, wasn't because that was in public. Trump had a ~1h meeting with Putin, all alone with him bar the RU translator.
At a public dinner with 50 other people.right there...already debunked
America begs you to #ImpeachTrump & his staff & appointees to save Irreparable harm has been done & how will recover? Division & Hate 
#SevenMountains Xtians behind DT +
#ThirdRome Rus equiv
= true #TrumpRussia since 2009, aim to have Crusades by 2030.

DT thus plays2 #Putin
...Trump's strategy of preemptive concession to Russia...
This poser @realDonaldTrump needs to go. Pic taken by my son in Apr.  He & wife were dining next door to your takeout. Best wishes.
Are you coming over to #TeamPatriot publicly, Senator? It sure would be good to know you're on our side. #CountryOverParty #ImpeachTrump
So much winning…
What are you going to do about nazis in the White House?
Wanna talk about Russia? Uranium1 isn't the only thing Clinton picked up in Russia.
RUSSIA-RUSSIA-RUSSIA!
Thank you, senator.  Get well, sir.  America needs you. 
"Breathtaking"? Didn't anyone tell him you're supposed to breathe through your nose? … Stay strong, Senator! Your honor inspires us all.
TY @SenJohnMcCain. As an independent I so appreciate your level headed approach.  And hope you get well and stay well for a long long time.
Thank you Sen McCain
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. You are among the last vestiges of what was once a respectable party. 

V/r

A Democrat
The POTUS can't be trusted, he will sell out America for his own benefit in a second.
Organise a mass dropping-of-party-affiliation in the senate. 
(R) —> (I)
It is not like we did not see it coming my question is what is congress going to do about it He is putting us in danger
,
@SenJohnMcCain thank you for your service. You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.
You are amazing!  #AmericasPatriot 
You are now irrelevant.  You did your damage.
Resign Songbird!
Trump has not surrendered to Russia @SenJohnMcCain but you sold out to Soros &anti-American interests long ago. Who do you represent? Not us
@SpeakerRyan Please recognize clear and present dangers to the Nation and bring articles of impeachment to the floor.
Why I still love you, John. Maverick-in-Chief, teller of truth, keeper of the faith of your fathers.
Actions will speak louder than words.
Yes Senator lets keep crapping on your President who put your party in power, oh you must be part of the swamp?!
What does Putin have on him that makes him collude with him at our expense?
The a**-kissing heard 'round the world
You're absolutely dillusional
I read it, Senator.  Thanks for the "heads up!"
Sen.McCain, MJGerson, WP.  Russophobia escalating tensions between our two countries. NATO is on the Russia,Belarus,Moldova,Ukraine borderFY
Love the tweet, but please take action against Trump when you are back in the Senate. Get well soon!
Thanks for continuing to be a true Patriot!
About time the GOP opens their eyes

Really John, stop spreading FAKE NEWS
I think your cancer has eaten your brain up. I was ready to be cordial and kind to you due to your illness..how wrong I was.
It would be nice to see you and your fellow elected @GOP stop surrendering to Trump and his agenda.
After all, if Trump surrenders to Russia, and you surrender to Trump, what does that make you?
Everyone in GOP waving their white flags r traitors. UnAmerican 
it's an option piece. In case you didn't notice.
We're all pulling for you, sir! Even us Dems!
And amazingly enough, McCain has done nothing to prevent or resist this. He has voted 100% for trumps agenda. Shame
We as a Nation will forever be greatful immensely to you Sen JohnMcCain, wish you Gods healing,knowing U gave us Ur all. Remain blessed 
Thank you Senator McCain for finally speaking truth to the great lie our country is cursed with. Russia has tentacles throughout this admin.
#TheFatArsedInvisibleManExposed
it is a must-read, I hope this health scare (& i hope it is just a scare) shows you how desperately we need your voice Please be LOUD for US
Thank you, Senator. Thank you.
I disagree with that "opinion"
The heroes of Watergate were reporters, judges, & republicans who put country over party.
Thank you senator for telling it like it is.  The people are with you 100%. Wishing you a speedy recovery,  you will prevail .
"Russians — meddling in a presidential election/playing down such aggression — have achieved intelligence coup beyond dreams of Soviet era."
Nice tweet, but politics is about more than social media  @SenJohnMcCain  Please call your elected officials to urge them to take action
Please, please, PLEASE help us remove him. This is a critical time. We can't let it go any further. So many of us are terrified! PLEASE!!
If only we had brave Republican's in Congress that did more than talk without any walk whatsoever
I am thankful you are speaking out. You are a hero in so many ways. I hope you can inspire your fellow Republicans to stop the trump madness
Maverick really does "tell it like it is".  True patriot. True hero.  Fearless. Honourable. Humble. Get well soon, sir. We need you.
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/885196341143511040 …
Get well Sir.
DT: Only I Can Do It!.. 
US: Only YOU Would Want To...
Regarding 'Your' Plan To End The Syrian War ...
Surrender To Putin 
Is NOT a Plan

Good job trump, NOT!!!
#ComradeTrump #traitor
And what are you gonna do about it, besides you're usual lip service?
Great piece. I respectfully disagree that the Cold War "ended." It continues, and we're losing.
Thank you Sen. McCain for being brave and honest and saying what's true. Why are so many of your colleagues too afraid to follow your lead?
How stupid ...Russia is a nuclear power ...we need to get along ...
Why do you want world war III with Russia ...not satisfied with all the blood shed in the Middle East?
Senator, we need you now, more than we ever have. Please continue to fight . Prayers to you and your family.
Reagan would have hated trump and his band of criminals and would have excoriated all of his enablers in the @GOP
FARK YOU, YOU VOTED FOR HIM... jeez!
When does the GOP wake up? Why are they so unblinking as trump sells the US to Russia?
Hope you are feeling better Senator McCain.  @senJohnMcCain!
And Trump criticized POWS as losers then he gave away our freedom for $$, how shameful

#Resist the coup! @GOP corrupt and covering up for traitor trump
If you believe anything that comes out of the Washington post your a fool, it not real, they are opinion based news
When is Congress going to get rid of this lunatic in the Oval?  You have the power.   Do something about it.
Thank you Senator.
I once was a Republican, I am no more. Please find what few good are left and stop Putins Puppet
U Still Stand Up To This Abomination Even from your hospital bed
Thank you, sir, for continuing to fight to save the country even as you face such heavy personal battles. Best wishes for your recovery!
Ending support to al Qaeda in Syria isn't surrendering to Russia. Not surprising the Trump deranged jumped on this though.
Putin made wish list,Trump's using
any political muscle left to fulfill it!
May be only promise Trump's kept
to bad it's to Putin not US.
Get well soon @SenJohnMcCain You are our bravest hero! We need you to help us recover our country!
Thank you so much for speaking out.
FAKE NEWS!!!!! Stop spreading hate against @POTUS you should be backing him instead you are throwing insinuations out there.
Because he has another plan that's why !!! He has a plan for civil war and martial law to consolidate his power !
Sir, thank you for letting us know about the article, we all need to d stop further deterioration to our democracy.
Putin owns Trump. Putin has something about Trump. Knowing Trump if someone brings him down that person is gone under the bus! Why not
Senator, we support and thank you for still fighting for Americans even when you are fighting your own battle. Prayers for your healing.
Please get well, Senator.  We need you there more than ever.  We are pulling for you.
Please don't give in or give up. You're the Senator we elected. Arizona and America need you. We're all praying for you.
Senator, Congress cannot stand idly by and watch this happen. It's in-American. We're better than this.
John, we need more Senators and Representatives of your caliber. Loyalty to the constitution and serving the American People.  Thank you!
Glad you're back! Now, you supported him during the election, you support his quest to leave millions without insurance:You're an accomplice
Thanks for speaking out about this and I wish you the best of luck in recovering Senator.
Sir! You really and truly believe the trash the Post puts out? Man! I thought you were smarter than that!
Great article, Senator.  Best wishes.  <3
WITH THE HELP FROM YOUR PARTY.
Remember Agent  admitted that private meeting with just Russian interpreter and Putin was "to express my gratitude".  he is owned
The GOP has barely rid itself of the Nixon stench. You'll own this fucking traitor FOREVER. @SenJohnMcCain @MJGerson @washingtonpost
And his voters that shit on our flag
Well, he is totally enabled by Republicans. You guys confirmed Tillerson and the other clowns.  What did you expect?
Senator McCain, thank you for crossing party lines and standing up for the truth. It can't be easy but we know you're the man to do it.
Help us senator, we ask know he's a crook
Did you finally remember who you are, @SenJohnMcCain? Welcome back to the Light Side- try to stay here. #ImpeachTrump #NoACArepeal
"There is nothing normal about an American president’s subservience to Russia’s interests and worldview." 
Treasonous 45.
Pretty sure Regan didn't have any pee pee videos hanging over his head.
i am in tears ....for your countless victoms
Neither would President Obama..  Now get well Sen. McCain. When you grapple with your opponent you want them at their very best.
Trump has stopped the arming of JIHADIST rebels in Syria. I completely fail to see how this is bad thing, unlike you you war mongering hack.
This Tweet is remarkable. McCain is a true hero and loves the USA. Trumpery, not so much.
You Sir are awesome! A true patriot! This vet appreciates your service, same war, different duty. And you never stopped serving 
Yes, he sold us out.
Thank you Sen McCain for bringing this to our attention! We're living a nightmare that my family of 6 generations thought could never happen
Americans have faith in Mr. Mueller & also that even the GOP lawmakers will come around to recognizing trump as traitor.  #TheResistance
This scares me more than anything else. "Regular" people really DO care about Russia. BTW Sen McCain -- speedy and full recovery and TY!
Please get well, keep fighting the good fight.
Please put country over party and get GOP to WAKE UP!  No one cares about the infiltration by Putin and Trump's vote meddling indifference.
@JoyAnnReid 
Russia said it's in talks w/ US to create a cyber security working group per Trump/Putin mtg last week:
(4) Please come back soon Sen. McCain!  WE NEED YOU!!!!!!  Get better soon!!  You're our hero!
(3) I pray that fellow republicans WAKE UP and realize what is going on. Trump is in bed with the Russians and putting all of us at risk!!
(2) just as our ancestors slowly but steadily took over this land, so is russia steadily working to take over this United States.
@SenJohnMcCain thank you
(1) This article is very disturbing.  Hard to read because of the TRUTH it shows. Just as our an e esters slowly but steadily took this....
Would you expect anything less from this Manchurian Candidate of 45?
Thank you for recognizing the danger we are in. Please talk to anyone else in the Republican Party who might act as our Howard Baker today.
Hope you're doing well, Senator.
A+ read. Putin is Chess Master to Trump's Checkers Amateur. Trump doesn't even know he's playing the wrong game. He looks the guilty fool.
Why hasn't GOP done something about this man? He's killing our country & you all sit on your hands.
That's great and all but you still told somebody they should just move when they had glioblastoma

Why "must we read" obvious "fake news" like WAPO, which has proven to be biased just like Rino's like you! WAPO works for deepstate CIA
You're rocking!
Must read indeed! Give'em hell McCain #IsaluteYou a hero again #Russiagate #ImpeachTrump
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Trump ain't Reagan. And today's GOP is no protector of American liberty.
Lead the way, Senator. Please be the hero you've always been & lead both parties against this naked emperor. Repubs can't stay silent.
49% of republicans now view Russia as an ally or friend. At this rate Zombie Reagan is going to rise out of his grave and scream.
Thank you. We sorely need your colleagues to begin to act while you're recuperating. How do we push them more effectively?
Get well soon Sir!
BOOM! #ImpeachTrumpNow
from the guy that supports ISIS
Speedy recovery Senator McCain.
Sir, why aren't the @GOP calling for this guy's #impeachment? You & many others served for US sovereignty, which he is giving away now.
Please continue to occasionally put country over party. Please. Thank you. Wishing a speedy recovery.
Get well, senator.  Your country and your family all need you.
@ReaganBattalion @MJGerson @washingtonpost So Good to see a TRUE AMERICAN HERO FIGHTING !
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/22/us/politics/can-president-be-indicted-kenneth-starr-memo.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news …

#TheResistance #IndictTrump #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
@ReaganBattalion @MJGerson @washingtonpost Could U speak a little louder!He cut budget 4 mikes so we can all hear this plot
Cancer dx just as McCain is fingered as main player behind the 'dossier' against Trump.  How convenient.
Finally. 
You tell
'em, Senator.
