We get a Johnny just wonder why you're fixated on that seems like not so clever ploy to stop @POTUS and America's agenda
I am wondering why you talk a big game of "concern" and continue to vote party lines. You ran for president to lead. Be a leader now.
Senator...you need to get off the fence post. Isn't freedom what you sacrificed yourself for as a solider and POW? We need that guy.
You were on the right track when you said we're in an Orwellian existence. Nothing is normal. Pls get our democracy back.
Look no further than that buffoon in the White House.

Ever going to show people your healthcare bill? If it's so great, why the secrecy?
Maybe you should talk to your POTUS @realDonaldTrump senator
Majority care deeply about Russian interference. We're wondering why you haven't stood up to the treasonous s POTUS Putin installed in WH.
Nice words, but you remain complicit in this until you break with your party.
At least you got another sound bite before you sell out America again.  Good job on the obfuscation!
Or. The installation of Putin's puppet in the WH.
Quit already!
Everyone's laughing at you!
An appropriate response would be to stop going giving speeches and start voting against Trump nominees and measures.
War hero to tired to fight. Let the kids with their long hair and Beatles music do the fighting.
I care that you joke about Russians hacking into the health care bill that no one, including you, can see. Take a stand!
Senator we are in trouble. We have an imbecile for president and the last thing we need is another war.
I look no further than the Republicans in the House of Representatives.
I want nothing more than 2trust that u mean what you say but you continually buckle 2this President. Mr McCain, you are a hero; act like one
Action must be taken.  History will remember patriots, not those that were only worried about re-election.  Senator, what will you do?
AGREE, BUT TALK IS CHEAP, GET YOUR GOP CORRUPT BUDDIES TO DO SOMETHING
Oh John I love you but it's time for you to retire
So what are you going to do about it?You stand with Trump every chance u get. Questioning of Comey was pitiful.Stand against or be complicit
I implore you, Senator McCain, to once again go with your conscience & vote no on the new h/c bill by Cassidy. Its not good 4 u or our kids!
Then stop Trump from sending america down the tubes
Oh, we should be very worried. McCain is like what, 102 yrs old? Geezers got to go.  Pelosi too
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!
So what are you going to do about it? Ramble incoherently about Hillary's email server?
Best way to crack down on Putin interference in US: obstruct & oust those whom he helped put in power here. But seems you mostly just talk.
You are far more dangerous than the Russians. You need to go and after the next election you will be.
Keep this in mind as we go through our investigation. Collusion with the Russians will never be to our benefit &those who did must pay.
How far will you go to push us into WW3 with Russia?
Warmonger!
I'm wondering why your party looks like it could care less what the Russian's do.
If you're so concerned, get off the fence and do something about it. And while you're at it protest against the secret health bill. 
#trumprussia #treason is an emrgency! It could take many years to fully grasp every detail in multifaceted case! We need to ACT ASAP @GOP
"Mr. President, I know this seems complicated."  Thank you, Senator! @realDonaldTrump your allegiance to your  playmates is troubling. 
curious you are so sure about Russian interference other countries, yet you find it so hard to believe in your own back yard.
Why does it feel like bannon/ trump regime is subtly    orchestrating their own coup with blesding of ryan and mcconnell
Problem: Russia interfered with our election. Bigger Problem: apparently half the country doesn't give a shit.
Then why did you turn your questioning of Comey into some crap about Hillary?
Jesus Christ, John. Maybe you forgot your memory pills but Russia meddled in OUR election. Don't care? Liked the result?
So when are you gonna do something about it, senator? Oh that's right, never. Vote for #trumprussia.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain  you are sayingl the things POTUS should be saying but isn't!He's the one in office but you're the one who cares.
Hope your enjoying your last run at Senator.
We have an attempted coup going on right now in our Government and you are involved.
Look no further than here in the US!  Why are you allowing this??  Impeach!!
We have more issues at home to worry about. Serious issues with North Korea too. Let @DNC play this broken record as you are sowing discord.
Shut up Bufoon! You are shame to AZ and US!
Just empty words as long as you keep carry water for Trump
Or you know, the coup in the United States! You know, the one you are participating in by doing absolutely nothing to help
Is that why you think Obama was a better leader then Pres. Trump
Thank you for protecting us
.@POTUS Continues to deny Russian involvement in our 2016 election. He seemed to shove the PM Montenegro. Trump sides with Putin every time.
Do your job. Support the President, protect our country, stop the invasion of nonAmerican believers.
Build stronger counter measures and stop crawling on your knees, WE Americans don't fear Russia, join us some time.
McCain, please retire
#Complicit
How about the coupe you and George soros are attempting against trump rino
Keep looking.
Look at the coup on our President that you appear to be part of ! Retire McCain
Time for you to stand up for our Country.  Stop the lying and corruption coming from GOP.  Ryan and McConnell are compromised.
PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. VOTE NO ON Trump's #DeathCare. Dont give us empty promises & lip-service w/ <awesome> jokes
The country needs YOU @SenJohnMcCain more than ever-take charge and get us all out off this complete treasonous insanity-country first
Youv been found out Mr. McCain.  You cannot sleep with dogs and not get fleas.  I truly used to trust and respect you. NO MORE. PLEASE LEAVE
Yes- here's a therory #russianagenda hacked the machines in GA - no paper trail - they can do this all day long no resistance from WH - 
Attempted coup right here in USA. WE voted for Trump! Stop this nonsense!
Only Republican voters/politicians who are more concerned with winning elections than the country are wondering why we should care, bruh.
But what r u doing about it. All u do is talk talk talk. Let's see some action
We Don't need the Russians to screw up our elections. Our stupid electorate can do a bang up job without any help.
You're confusing us
said the man funded by George Soros.
Tell that to McConnell and Ryan. We get it.
PS: Start challenging the POTUS and WH when it *lies* to America and says Russia didn't do anything & there's "nothing to see here."
Well he could challenge, but then he'd be as ignorant as anyone else who is saying this, without a shred of proof.
Why do you walk and talk like a Dem? POTUS keeps winning. Get on board or retire you RINO!
While I thank you for your service,  I am struggling to respect who you are now.  Vote the issue NOT your party line.
Unfortunately the Russians have already taken over the US in a coup.
And @SenJohnMcCain does nothing but talk. Used to be a hero. Now a paper tiger. Do your job - country over party!
Lead the impeachment and we will support you. Otherwise, this is just blah blah blah.
He's not that senile...... well kinda but that's just crazy talk without proof. But crazy does follow crazy
... I suggest you go back to sleep.... next we will hear again about collusion... #fakenews
what interference, sir? serious question
So...stop it from happening here, John.  Take a real stand and don't go wobbly when voting time comes.
Why we care
So when are you going to stand up and DO something more than talk? How about that healthcare bill? Enough words. Take Action!
Give it up wacko give it up... give it up wacko give it up
Your right!! Russia is out to destabilize US and allies!!
And they have been since the 50's.... and it's you're *
People are sick of your warmongering with Russia, move on
This is scary & IDK why you still haven't done anything to stop POTUS. The man has no respect for you or our country. He needs to go NOW!
U just hate Trump, Putin better than Libs!
Then DO something about it. Don't spend your energy talking down @SenKamalaHarris
I am also concerned about Russia but don't get tunnel vision.  Healthcare and no tax cuts for rich are important too!
Are you going to stand up Putin's puppet Trump, or are you just talking again ?
4 months Obama did nothing... Took POTUS 4 months to act. Who acted faster!
So why don't you demand Donald trump admit Russian interference of the election? Or condemn @GOP for questioning a special prosecutor
If ur so worried abt it, thn WHAT wz all tht Hillary nonsns at Comey hearngs? U tried so hard to protct trumputin instd of AMERICA!
The GOP & Fox News has been regurgitating malicious RT & Sputnik propaganda for years!  But yeah, thanks for speaking up. GOP is complacent.
You misspelled #Complicit
I didn't want to use "complicit"... I said complacent b/c the GOP is lazily doing nothing. I'm not saying they are involved. Just, inactive.
Explain this to @potus please
Then do something about a POTUS that does nothing. How about that!?
And is that not what is happening in America right now..not by Russians but by RINOS and Dems and left wing Liberals? NOT RUSSIA.
Trump's shove of NATO newbie Montenegro was the personification of Russia's bullying of E Eu and though notas dangerous, just as disgusting!
tell that to ur commanding leader- Nostradamus said that Russia would falter and then regain its power, looks like they started with Crimea
Come on, enough with the drama!
Then please get Trump out of office. He seems to love Russia more than the USA. He is not worthy to be our President. You have more power!
Tell it to the House!
But our President doesn't even believe they did it. Spicer was asked today in briefing. Sessions wasn't briefed about it. Who's fixing it?
@selectedwisdom @YouTube do more than talk, John.  You're a ranking US Senator.  AZ residents are dying for you to ACT!
Sick of hearing you talk and never doing anything to actually halt Trumps hostile takeover.
You are a fake if you was my mom I would disown you
We don't give a FLYIN RIP abt Russia.They've interfered for yrs and no one cared. Now you scream Russia with the Dems. Go crawl bk n ur hole
Great history lesson. Speechless and secure knowing you are still on guard. I'm still here.@it'sawinner
When u testified against Comey u looked out of it and so old and confused. Made a fool out of yourself.
Please, you're attempting a coup against our President!! Don't think we aren't watching you...
Why don't most of your GOP peers seem concerned?
You've lost all credibility by supporting this administration. Should've stood up sooner. We're all screwed because of ppl like you.
You look no further. This is on YOU. Your Russian puppet is in the WH.
Need more than your "care". Get your @GOP brethren to ACT. #Russia interference in our election needs full independent investigation.
So DO something and quit friggin' tweeting.
We do not wonder about that.  We wonder why you are not doing more than these mild mannered comments.
You don't even have to look that far.  Just look at the White House.
STAND YOUR GROUND 
BUT STAND RESOLUTELY
UNWAVERINGLY WITH THE PRESIDENT, 
DO NOT SURRENDER PRINCIPLES, EVER!
COMPROMISE IS NOT ACCEPTABLE!
Too bad you're not a hero to the prez. Perhaps Tom Brady should deliver that message.
THERE IS NO OTHER CHOICE!
SHAKE HANDS WITH TRUMP
AND JOIN THE EXCEPTIONAL
AMERICANS
OR FADE INTO HISTORY
AS THE UNEXCEPTIONAL"
WE NOW, AT THIS PERIOD IN TIME
CAN ONLY AFFORD TO EXCEPTIONAL PEOPLE!
EITHER SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT 
OR
JOIN&SUPPORT THE OBSTRUCTIONISTS
We care. The hill doesn't seem to
haven't you figured it out? Russia is our friend, just ask trump.
Pot calls kettle black.
Action speaks louder than words, @SenJohnMcCain. Do something that will create results instead of useless lip service.
What about our state department spending our Money to defeat Netanyahu in his last election ? That's Ok ?
Senator, it's very disturbing how trivial the President and some of his most ardent supports are treating Russian aggression against the US.
And the *actual* coup in America.
Wishing very much that you were the same "maverick" you were in 05-08 (i.e. before you ran for president) I'd happily follow that man now...
Why don't you look deeper into lynch and Clinton dealings? Start on our own turf first.
Hey man. Talk to your own President- don't tweet at us
I suggest you start getting a lot louder and a lot more of your GOP friends to - esp considering Trump STILL thinks Russia is Fake News.
Thank you, spread the word among your party. Truly horrifying!
We care about #TrumpRussiaCollusion in the US & everywhere.
We would if it was actually factual lol  world is scared of russkies lmmfao
Do not worry Senator. Tillerson is working with Russia on Cybersecurity. NOT FAKE NEWS. This is Serious.
IT IS UP TO THE PEOPLE
NOT THE CORRUPT 
THE REAL BELIEVERS WILL FIND A WAY,

what a shame mr Trump (pushes Montenegro Prime Minister Dusko Markovic) gif  Source: http://ift.tt/2sfasGf  Like/RT to support #gif #funn… 
Dare I bring up the fact that we try to influence elections all the time. I did vote for you in 2008 and value your experience.
DID MONTENEGRO PUT DOWN
THE COUP?
THEN PROOF THEY DESERVE TO HAVE A REPUBLIC 
YOU HAVE 2HAVE PEOPLE
WHO BELIEVE IN
&WILL SUPPORT A REPUBLIC
US is not Montenegro.  When r u going to start working with your President?
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @WhiteHouse   What about our interference in Israel's election? Wish U were part of the solution & not the problem.
You should care more about Israel's interference in US politics and elections. Far more influence. But you already know that, don't you?
Uh, their our alli
Stop barking Senator McCain and start BITING!
They DIDN'T want them joining NATO
You can't play both ends. I don't care if you're GOP. Either you're a patriot or a fraud. Start showing you care about democracy. Do it now!
He's a fraud. Total establishment goon.
@realDonaldTrump  Look around you Sen, don't you think there's an attempted coup going on right here in trying to overthrow POTUS?
Look at ur buds SCHUMER n company and Sanders!
All true.
Especially, when the person helped wants to drop sanctions and put them in charge of our cyber security!
U & GOP don't give 2 shits or U would condemn in unison ur presidents inability to address the importance of this over election legitimacy
Go away . You have lost the confidence of the People.
Show that you care with actions. Until then your words are empty. Platitudes will not move the investigation forward.
Very nice talk Senator, but disappointed you voted for Tillerson, you  gave Russia an in and sold out the US
He sells out EVERYBODY! Especially our Veterans! He voted agnst thm 4 TIMES since 2014! And more b4 that!
Sir how about that healthcare bill being jammed down our throats. Could you take a peek and let us know what's up? Maybe speak out ?
He said they wont let the rest of the party or dems see it! But wtch how evn tho thy hvnt seen the bill they'll ALL vote for it anyway!
Apples and Oranges. You r losing it.
Soros Songbird McCain
@selectedwisdom The only ppl that seem not to care are GOP'ers. But let's talk about the actual coup here .. trump/Pence/GOP
Again Senator what you say makes no sense whatsoever period Please resign and enjoy life with your beautiful wife.
So get some shit going already! I would have expected Congress to introduce something to secure our elections. Stop talking, start doing!
Very concerned that you, Senator McCain, have one explaining to do concerning donations to your institute 
WTF? Listen never Trumper...don't think we forgot about your very own coup here..passing around the Russian dossier like candy on the Hill.
That's great senator, what are you doing about it? All talk then you vote along PARTISAN party lines! PLEASE
WE ARE concerned.  @potus doesn't care.  Wonder why??
The Election interference must continue to be investigated & measures taken to ensure doesn't happen again. Russian interference & armed
occupation to stop democracy is frightening. The lack of democratic process in house & senate impacting all US citizens is also frightening.
Please tell trump.  He's not the least bit interested.
Attn: @realDonaldTrump “fake news"
Time to get some sleep, no more late baseball, and walk the walk sir. Party is on the line!
That would really suck if the Russians pull off a coup. What would happen to your retirement villa?
