But some of us truly. Need them and take them right.
I have bone on bone in my knee I'm too young for knee replacement it last only 10 yrs I've had two MCL and acl replacements and stay in pain
I'm 40
I had mine done at 41-Couldn't take the pain anymore. said should last 20 yrs if I take good care of it. Implants are more specialized now
Can I get a real knee ? I dont want anymore metal its painful
I'm telling you sir. Legalizing cannabis would help with this issue, and no. You dont become addicted to cannabis the way u do with opioids
Cannibus oil would help so many ppl. Not just with opiates. But so many meds.Big pharm. Afraid of getting it legal. They would lose to much.
That's exactly the issue. It's an issue our representatives can help resolve.
Like they do everything else ?
Indeed. I hope there will come a day where that norm's broken.
Please support legalization of cannabis. Fund research for cannabis.
I do all the way.
Addiction is not a criminal issue.  It psychological.  We shout promote 12 step programs. Sessions doesn't know what he's talking about.
The drug war for the past 50 years has failed.Sessions wants the War on drugs to continue.Wrong.We must legalize. Prohibition doesn't work.
We can only wonder if you are too, with your irrational desire to take the US into more never ending regime change wars #GethelpJohnnieboy
Hey Senator, ever heard of paternalism? This is NOT small government! The conservatives almost had me when the Clintons took over. I'm in AZ
allow VA to refer out for acupuncture. Military use on battlefield why not off 4 more than pain?  #acupuncture4veterans
2 metal plates, 15 screws in foot/ankle took 6 wks of heavy pain medication, NOT 7 days!  When did you start practicing medicine? Inhumane!
Some people only need Tylenol after surgery and some need weeks, or more. One size does not fit all ! 7 day supply is inhumane!
You know the real reason opioids are a problem in this country better than I do. This is about Southeast Asia. How about representing us 1st
I'd bet many of those other 58% don't KNOW they know someone addicted. Thx for paying attention to "quietest epidemic."
Our society is producing these addicts.There's some wrong with our society, that drives people to consume drugs.This isn't criminal issue.
Something wrong with our society.......
You can't get addictide to canabas. It helps with cancer patients. You don't wanna lose your drug company money
Remove cannabis from a class 1 narcotic and allow medical prescriptions!! I worry all the time my vet wife may accidentally opioid overdose!
VERY Shocking that dependency and the whole issue of pain killers along with healthcare-so what is being done? Thanks
Stop the Doctores prescribing the meds and also pharmaceutical companies making them!!
Maybe, just maybe, if we had good healthcare we could avoid this. Just a  thought.
With this deviant in office now that statistic will sky rocket!
Are you one the Sen McCain?  That might explain saying one thing and doing another as you've shown us you do
#BUILD THAT WALL
Why is this such a big story all of a sudden?!?. Opioids has always been around!! O wait I think I know why.. it's hitting to close to home
There will be many more soon. Have to take something to live through the stupidity of the trump administration
Make POT legal vs opioids
Legalize everything, tax it & put the money into education, healthcare & behavioral health.
What is the root-cause of drug abuse in states? High unemployment and poverty?!
Don't worry just sessions will have them arrested.
This is most likely a result of over-regulation and blatant gov't over-reach!!
We need to get Gov't OUT OF THE WAY!!!
we're all going to NEED drugs if u & ur party don't stop this bloody lunatic
happy to see you are supporting GOP president in at least one domestic area
Opioids did not work at all for my TBI headache. Aspirin, Phenyalanine, Feverfew,  Peppermint + occasionally Paracetamol 100% for 30 hours.
Not to mention the $40,000 it costs to house a prisoner a yr for a minute amount of marijuana. Free up jail cells for real criminals! Jmo
Why is that mr mc cain? I know I havent gotten dollar 1 from big pharma ..how about  you..your party?
took me 6 mths to come off addictive non opioid but I needed it at the time so it was worth it. Addiction should be managed not punished.
Good Monday Morning, Sen John & Cindy McCain; The McCain Family, (Matriarch) Roberta. Yes!  Must Read; I have Sen.John McCain, THINK!
I would bet that number is double, people just don't want to admit it.
Also, taking health coverage away will only amplify problem. Also, consider legalizing marijuana.
You stand for. I hope you can find a happy medium on this issue. I'm almost 70 and hope I can live what life I have left not in severe pain.
Them to live, that's a whole different story. I am a Republican, don't vote straight party line, but I have always respected you and what
You and @SenDonnelly should work on a bipartisan bill to address the issue..
You are trying to take all pain meds away, that's very scary. I don't believe in recreational drugs or drinking to much, but if someone need
And Ryan  wants to do away with this coverage, Not very deep thinkers.
It's sad that you are not explaining yourself, u are making alot of ppl that need something to live a half way decent life just thinking
I felt I was qualified to tweet you some here. I have been reading your tweets for a long enough time to see that you are a true Statesman.
In in general in New Mexico this is how we all vote. We are never predictable and we have relations in our families from both Parties.
You want to know why nobody will go after the drug companies?? Because they're paying our congressmen
I come from conservative people whether they are registered as Democrats or Republicans. We never vote straight ticket to have a balance.
Opioids and alcohol are poison. Marijuana is a safe, effective natural herb. Legalize it. Tax it. Make sales safe. Win/win. Make millions!!
The point is it does not matter to me if a person is a Democrat or Republican or other, as long as they vote & do things correctly.
I see that every American is my 'fellow American', as President Ronald Reagan made this term popular & rightly so....
So why have your masters had the military protecting poppies in Afghanistan? Hmm, does the deep state/CIA sell heroin to our kids? YES
Gonna throw them in prison?  Or are they rich and white?
A national security threat.  Need treatment beds with affordable insurance coverage not jail beds.
Every one seems to preoccupied with attacking all the Representatives and any one who is part of a Political Party. ....
I grew up in a strict Conservative Roman Catholic family & community. Our community is still the same. Drugs were not condoned....
I don't Senator!  Opioids have their place in Medicine, short term! Over prescribing = addiction + Use of street drugs doesn't help!
Senator McCain I know you read all your tweets. I see that you are a Statesman as well. Can there be ads discouraging drug use on the TV?
Recreational Marijuana would greatly reduce the numbers of those who take it illegally, imho
I hope this addiction stops. I see many political ads for Politicians. I used to see ads discouraging drugs, smoking & drinking...
Admittedly some people who take it illegally, however those of us who need it, have 2 choices, live in pain or live with the addiction.
I fear this is a likely number nearly everywhere.
~ yup
It's our contemporary epidemic
And top 5 challenge
Here in the 1st World, Sen McCain...

You & your peers
Do what you can to help us 
So are you for the legalization of cannabis?
They had lots of help from Russia! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#TrumpTreason
#Trumprussia 
#LockHimUp
What's in your browser history?
so sad and so very true.
