You campaigned on repealing o Care and then you voted NO all to spite the president, why didn't the promises to your constituents come 1st?
Mr McGimmick looking 4 angle 
We have Obamacare n Vets were mistreated n y did nothing right
Progressive left money from Soros
U n flake
You should be investigated. You got "the cancer cure" like Jimmy Carter while thousands bravely fight and die. NOT FAIR!!
That cure will be available for all soon. As well as alzheimers. . Won't be able to keep it a secret for much longer.
It should be available now but they won't release it. They pick who gets the cure. It's sick they gave it to a traitor
Yes I agree...but it will be available soon. Not by their choice I imagine.
They want people to die. They want to fill the country with ignorant foreigners so they have control
Yep. Agenda 21. Or 2030? Can't keep up wroth their name for it anymore.
*with
Finally something McCain really knows about  - how to crash military aircraft
VOTE FOR PEDRO.....THROW MCCAIN'S ASS OUT.

Monitoring investigation into US Senate addressing Obamacare & tax reform.  Sorry to report millions of Americans killed by both.
Laws catch flies, but let hornets go free.
Stand up with our President Trump
Glad all are safe. Hope you monitor this real hard.  It will keep u from doing damage in other areas.
So glad to know you are now well aware of the Awan spy ring in Congress!
Russell Senate Office Building: http://youtu.be/1aTAQIwfnPQ?a  via @YouTube
Ole Songbird McCain already writing a list of Government secrets to start singing..someone let him know it's a Domestic crash their safe
I thought McCain was grounded
Just get out of politics or at least admit you are a democrat.

go hang out with your "dreamers"
Hey 2 face. Why not hlp Texans in tme of need?  We not good enough for u, u ol VC?  AZ wake up this VC needs his cullee hat to shd his head
Your no vote on debt ceiling and hurricane relief is shameful...retire
GREAT IDEA!!!! JOHN, WHY DONT YOU GO UP ONE MORE TIME? HELP THE WHOLE COUNTRY OUT. YOUR DUE FOR ANOTHER CRASH!!! MAGA!!!! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!
Ya?!?! WHATEVER!! TRAITOR!! get your pat on the back from soros.



Don't worry Jon they don't need lessons on how to be songbirds and turn on their Country..It's a Crash in the USA worse case Rob by illegal
You are a
What's up with all of these incidents lately? Almost seems like we're being hacked! Glad the pilots ejected and are safe!
He wouldn't know. He barely can remember what he had for breakfast. The ol VC is brain dead
We have people for that John you don't need to monitor why don't you go do what you're supposed to do.
Fortunately they did not drop their bombs and run to the other end of the ship huh?
Like you monitored va abuse in AZ
You don't mention your votes on bills. You voted against hurricane relief and extending debt after openly supporting it. U are a liar.

Sure am glad you voted against hurricane aid, bet you had your money grubbing paws all in for McCain Institute, just like Keating. RETIRE
I guess you are an expert on crash investigations. Forrestal, Hanoi. Keep out of it, let the pros investigate without your meddling. RETIRE
You showed the American people what you think of them when you played politics with healthcare. Emotions cannot rule politics
Please retire.
RESIGN You BUM!!!
. Sounds like stupid pilots, did you train them traitor johnnie.
There has been more military "accidents" since trump took office
WONDER THE MAINTENANCE,TRAINING ..LATELY SEEMS A LOT OF MISSHAPES . AIR AND SEA .WAS IT THE GUTTING OF SEQUESTER? AND THE CONGRESS FAULT
17 NOs on Harvey Aid Deal:
Corker
Daines
Enzi
Ernst
Fischer
Flake
Graham
Grassley
Johnson
Lankford
Lee
McCain
Moran
Paul
Risch
Sasse
Toomey
Well, if anyone in the Senate is an expert on plane crashes, it sure is you...

McCain has a lot of experience in crashing planes. If Daddy had not been an Admiral, would he still be flying??? #Retire #MAGA
Yep
The Royalty of Cleopatra is Powerful.Reagan.Lady Oscar.Steve
Oh this from the Traitor and hot start pilot now worrying about our pilots.  Wish he'd done before he killed those 116 mates on his carrier
My neighbor filled me in about this guy. It doubted him til I hear the "lost" tape and navy records recently released.
I wouldn't be surprised if u sold the codes to hack.  McTraitor.
Is that why you voted against the healthcare because the Dumbo rats are going to turn on you when they see what happens with that Healthcare
Seriously do you have a job or are you a journalist now.
1 vote Johnny I've been asking and the people have been asking for 5 days now who gave you the 9 million
What about the one that happened near Tucson?? @TucsonNewsNow @JeffFlake
2 Corinthians 5:21
For He made Him who knew no #sin to be #sin for us, that we might become the #righteousness of #God [1/2]
in Him. [2/2]
Hebrews 9:12
Not with the #blood of #goats and #calves, but with His own #blood He entered the Most #Holy Place once for all, [1/2]
having obtained eternal #redemption. [2/2]
