Sir Please dispose of the Russian Spies in the WH - NOW
WOW! Wikileaks document shows John McCain requested donations from Russians!! 

RT the hell out of it.
what do the DJT tax returns show?
i do mot care about DJT tax returns? Only a noisy busbody would be concerned?
No real Americans want to see them.  Me a busybody
At least you honest about it! Nothing wrong with being curious but it shouldn't go farther than that?
yeah I am curious to see if he's owned by Russia and other countries.  Every American should be.
Your not curious just nosy and maybr jelious of his wealth? You would be better off  concerning yourself than Trump
You should have learned something from Alan. I doubt he would be backstabbing his POTUS.
WOW! Wikileaks document shows John McCain requested donations from Russians!! 

RT the hell out of it.
WOW! Wikileaks document shows John McCain requested donations from Russians!! 

RT the hell out of it
The religious was was already declared on us by islam. Wake up, dude.
BTW, RUSSIAN flags printed TRUMP on them waved around when Trump spoke at #CPAC2017 today? WTH is going on?!?!?!?!?
Please vote NO to defund planned parenthood. A yes vote will limit access to gyno well checks=unchecked Breast cancer  etc
Who will teach you not to attack the commander in chief from foreign lands?  BTW active duty folks voted BIG for TRUMP!
Did you forget this lesson when you cursed at the NYT reporter?  Maybe it is time to step away from politics.
How about how you turned your back on Korean POW's? Pretending you didn't know of their whereabouts? Yourself and John Kerry
To bad you didn't learn from him!
YOU and Graham have no CIVILITY. GET the Hell out of office, THE AMERICAN people deserve better. Stop holding AZ hostage.
Rhino 
please speak out concerning the press bans today. The @GOP is behaving in a way that should scare Americans. @nytimes
NY times reports in a way that scares Americans
it should scare you.
You are complicit in the dismantling of our democracy and constitution and guilty of collusion with Trump administration.
K-9 handler? You are a want to be cop then. Couldn't make it as a cop? That's because you are a liar
Indeed he did...an example we can all take something from.
Stalin, Lennon, Hitler, Putin, Trump. You are acting in concert with dictator Trump. Your silence implicates the @GOP
you are definitely MENTALLY ILL RW! You seriously need help. You're a habitual liar too.
<<< PLEASE Insist on A Special Prosecutor To Investigate Trump, Bannon Russia Ties - 
#CountryOverParty @SenSchumer

Hi @realDonaldTrump. This retired admiral says we deserve the truth on your #Russia ties. Airing this on @foxandfriends and @morning_joe! 
You were never elected president.  Stop being the shadow president
Then more today, TRUMP WH blocks WELL KNOWN MSM from attending W Briefing! WTH is going on?!?!?!?!
u are literally the most uninformed person breathing right now
Документы, что Джон #Маккейн в 2008 году просил у России денег на свою предвыборную кампанию?  #McCain
@blackowl77  German Bad State stole my little children! Who could help me getting them back soon?
PLEASE give a damn! (see my previous tweets to you) I am an Independent VOTER and I CARE about my country over ANY PARTY!
Seems You Did Not Learn This  Stop Complaining About Our @Potus
Do you consider "sacrificing civility" to also cover actually VOTING for what the people want? You've been very "civil".
Too bad our so-called president cannot do the same.kudos to you for fighting for what you think is right...even if I disagree
I once respected you but you have proven you are not for America and part of the Established. You are now a disgrace to usall
GOP Plan to replace ACA now LEAKED and it is BAD- from Oregon REP: https://blumenauerforms.house.gov/news/email/show.aspx?ID=FEXZN3UUHX624 … … <HELP DAMMIT
Well said, Senator
you have always been an honorable person in a debate. Agree or disagree, you are honest and fearless. Thank you.

WHAT WILL IT TAKE TO MAKE YOU GO AWAY FOREVER? Name it. Money? Women? Men? A fleet of Rolls? I'll make it happen.
you should be ashamed of yourself  letting  cnn use you. Guess your time is short so getting what you can out of it.
Sir, you are a man of great integrity. Be well and continue to fight for America 

- a liberal
"FBIAnon did say he-McCain was close to the top in terms of corruption"
Not surprising.  I've long suspect McCain and others were part of the swamp!  He is proving my suspicion.
I would wager that soros has video/audio of most of you..that's why you do his bidding! That & money! You are a turncoat!
you're awful
Should McConnell get away with politically trying to manipulate the FBI
There’s a Russian mole walking around the Oval Office (when he’s not down in Florida selling access for $200k). Do something.
My sympathy on the loss of Mr. Colmes.
Bipartisan independent investigation on #russiagate? #russiatrump #traitor colluded w. #Putin Step up! #TheResistance @maddow
So sad our pres. can do neither, but resorts to denying press access to WH, slandering opponents and telling lies.
As retired US Attorney, suggest you start divulging all that might connect you to #TrumpRussia.
Retire in Honesty v Treason
where is your voice about the suppression of the press yesterday at the wh?
it is time for u to put country before party take the lead 4 a special prosecutor on russia be brave and strong
please need special prosecutor to investigate Russian colusion.
Tax forms will show money from Russia.
McConnell should not be calling the FBI for political favors
you are no more than a common Trader you even look like Obama and smell like Hillary loser disgrace to our country go home
#RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSSIA #RUSS
WOW on SB1142!! I can't believe I ever considered retiring in AZ. This Bill never should have passed. Shame on AZ. Come on!
эй,пидарок,тебе пора уже деревянный сюртук премерять,а не политикой заниматься
Forget Colmes, how about the death of world democracy? How about Drumpf shills BURR & NUNES! Special select w/tax returns!
You said you would get independent investigation to Trump/Russia. U went back on ur word! WH staff all CORRUPT liars.
If you do not wish to read my last tweets to you , at least read this: http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-me-on-politics-column-20170224-story.html … <Pls care!
Trump is silencing civility.  Stand UP against undermining branches of government, liberty, and free press...All essential
you are a practiced Politician,Yes He will be missed perhaps if you would Truly Support Our @POTUS You w/g respect
GOP Senators leading investigations into Trump & Russian now proven to be shady & partisan. NEED INDEPENDENT COMMISSION NOW!!
Representative Borrelli Just made Arizona a Facist State by passing Senate Bill 1142which ultimately destroys free speech
And yet, Senator, you have remained silent about the president's latest stunt.
will YOU protect Freedom of the Press? Or let America die, at the Hans of TrumplBannon?

PLEASE PLEASE senator McCain get that idiot out of the White House!!!!   HE IS A DICTATOR!!!!!
get to work, stop attacking @realDonaldTrump. You should be a democrat. Enough.
now selective representation from the media.  Where are the champions of the people?
I don't understand how we can all stand by and watch our beloved country destroyed
will u say something about wh barring news orgs from briefing. The tyrant is starting. It's unamerican.
Alan.was a great kind compassionate man in stark contrast to you McCain #RussianRoulette
what can you do about this crazy man?  Ban the press?  What is next?  Do something! Keep invest. Russian ties, please!
@FoxNews @JeffFlake @CNNPolitics @ABC DO SOMETHING Independent Investigation NOW. DJT Taxes, Russia, WH pushing FBI,what else
Without sacrificing civility? Senator, you undermined our President. Whats more uncivil than that?
what is going on with the president kicking out @CNN @nytimes @latimes from his gaggle?!?!?! He is up to something! STOP HIM
Even after making our federal government it's continuous and informing media I'm Blown Away why is this happening to me
I bought over 30 or 40 songs last year and have 20 of them over here in the Box some of them were taken local government
The acoustic audio and video that's being recorded out of my room around my home he's been going on quite a long time
Could you even imagine feeling as a hostage in your own home and bedroom n the United States of America what have we come to
McCain you could learn a lot from his example but your anti-Trump vendetta will color your entire career! You are a loser!
yes but at least he admitted he was a Dem why don't you? Tired of your Benedict Arnold on Trump just be quiet already, retire
You have lost all credibility, Comrade McCain.
is that a veiled comparison to the bully baby in the big White House in DC?
you could learn a lot by his example.
is major pain
you need to retire you are a real liability to America now with your leftist views your war status has carried you to long.
so are you responsible for leaking Trumps phone conversations with Putin, are you a Liberal loon?
Where's your civility? Crapping on our President overseas is unforgivable.
Trump is God's gift to you guys. Your corruption looks tiny. #KeatingFive
#pizzagate is real, check it out.
better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. Abraham Lincoln. #fool
Sing Song Bird!!  How do you keep getting in there every year?  Never mind... We all know..


Yes sir, he will be missed
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP The nation needs to see Trump's tax returns. Country over party! #DoYourJob
Alan Colmes was a liberal jackass!
complete lack of class.  I'm as conservative as it gets, but some things are bigger than politics.
How did you get your start in Politics and the Military sir?  Ever think of letting another be Senator in your State? @POTUS
you should have learned something from him!
When is your town hall meeting??
You are showing us how a past American hero shirks his duties. What are you waiting for? Trump administration needs to be out
, U, Sir, r no longer civil. You&Romney lost b/c NOT conservative. I'll take AlanC over u&ur treasonous words ag #POTUS. RINO!
your out of touch and endanger of losing your seat in 2018 for turning into an Obamanite
you need to curb your dog, Senator
Absolutely perfect characterization of Alan Colmes.  Tks fm a conservative Rep.
& Steve Bannon just told CPAC we are going to have to fight him to get our Country back. Anyone out there to take it back?
Thank you for your gracious, civil, kind and sane words/speeches/tweets. Stay the course Senator
are you using the same polls that said Hillary would win? Must be because their as good as an Obamanite
they're
Please don't let Bannon destroy our country. Republicans must stand up for us and fight against what's happen.
OUTRIGHT! CRIMINALS!!!!!

Trump Tried To Force FBI To Cover Up Russia Crimes!!!! 

 #sick
who told you that lie Obamanite? Hillary
Good on you McCain. A rare Republican with integrity.
you mean an Obamanite rhino
we no longer listen to news media and john mccain. john mccain is a traitor to the US Flag and USA
@TheJuanWilliams Colmes was the biggest asshole on the face of this earth with Juan right behind him
@TheJuanWilliams @Lennyshep4
we can't afford to lose more responsible voices 
@TheJuanWilliams  Figures he'd love a progressive media. McCain start to be host and run as a Commie.
The only reason you say a good thing about this man is because he passed away. SHAME ON YOU!
Didn't sink in though, did it Sen McCain or you'd show a little more respect
if only you had Alan's balls...
shed your conservative disguise and revel in your backstabbing liberalism... Republicans want you gone.
you class personified sir.
He was something you have forgotten John McCain. He never was HATEFUL like you these days towards our pres
Mcain is the White House leak ,once Tokyo Rose Traitor always a traitor . Now instigating war/murderfor his own gain
I heard you decided not to have public town halls. What are you afraid of?
Russia Russia Russia Russia
Obamanite Obamanite Obamanite unnatural immoral arguement about bathroom access for confused genders
u won't be missed! When do u leave? U R too old and too cozy to make progress. Give it up. U R part of swamp #DrainTheSwamp
so he agrees with you, being a hot head yourself?
Are Americans afraid to Impeach TRUMP or has DEMOCRACY truly failed as the RUSSIANS would want us all to see @nytimes @cnni
are we to PC to lock Obama and the Obamanites up or just scared of being call racist
From one liberal to another. FYI, stop trying to undermind our president, you traitor.
is having an affair with Hillary Clinton.  I've been told sometimes he even let's Bill rub his back!
Man! Yes he will! Wow! RIP Sir Colmes! YK
I bet you like wearing Hillarys pant suits as you laze around no a Sunday morning watching you favorite MSNBC news!
He was quiet, kind, and level headed.  He was also a dishrag who got paid handsomley to let Hannity Bark loudly.
@TheJuanWilliams  BS he was an obnoxious demagogue
this is about the only sane thing you've said lately.
@TheJuanWilliams And you and Juan are excellent as well, making civility a cornerstone of your strong beliefs
@SpeakerRyan #RUSSIA #RUSSIA  #RUSSIA #RUSSIA  #RUSSIA #RUSSIA  #RUSSIA #RUSSIA  #RUSSIA #RUSSIA  #RUSSIA #RUSSIA  #RUSSIA #R
totally agree and you should be ashamed of your statements in a foreign country @TheJuanWilliams
@TheJuanWilliams There is civility and there is disrespect. McCain u r disrespectful which is even worse!
Did he?
be safe on you secret trip
Alan Colmes was a piece of trash just like you. You should follow his foot  prints.
A Vietnam vet a liberal also. it hurts to see what you put up with in  own party. total respect for you .
Agreed!  Puff up your real self Senator.  Stop pandering to your horrific party.  You know what to do...Do It!
wish we could say the same about you
let's call it like it is he was a far left LIBERL that hated Republicans and CONSERVATIVE VALUES.
however, you won't [be missed - retire now] support @POTUS
