Good meeting here, great meeting there, have done nothing John....you are useless.....
Voting you out!  We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  U have great health care but deny us. U voted to keep Obamacare
Vote him out? He just started a 6 year term, lol.
yes.
Stop tweeting "great read" and "great meeting" and get to work.  repeal
Term limits NOW! We need to ditch Life term politicians. Can't have them entrenched in DC forever! @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Time to retire, you're the worst
Pay attention and learn something
I won't be visiting AZ until johnny boy is gone. Sorry AZ he is garbage!
Good, stay out of our state.
I will, forgot AZ doesn't need tourism dollars!
I'll keep my reply up-must own up. It was wrong to generalize @ you. I apologize. AZ will be fine w/o u. Many great places to see. Be safe.
Look at all these so called "patriots" attacking McCain while defending President bone-spurs. What a sorry state our once proud nation is in
Good to hear. If you ever forget here's what a traitor looks like
Trying to show he does have 4 friends, or are they frenemies?
More plotting against MAGA? How much did Special Interests pay you this time?
AND OF COURSE
Senator McCain you turned your back on God and the American people for the deep state now God will deal with you!!!!!
Remember all those pics u took with Al Queda members? Why wld we take a Afghanistan strategy fr u? 
Did u know the AUS bros in recent plot?
They giving u advice on how to stab more working class americans in the back? #retirement
http://usasupporttrump.info/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-out-about-what-he-did-to-men-he-was-in-captivity-with/ …
Get out while the gettings good. Manafort gonna flip on you...
Oh, his partner was on your 2008 campaign? That's crazy!
Photo shoot 116% increase and your doing a photo shoot???
JM voted 4 Dem bills 32% of time, to keep Obamacare, hardly ever votes. voted 4 nafta & Obama bills. He loves the media camera. Showboater
Hey Mr."Bomb bomb bomb , bomb  bomb  Iran"… since when did you get so scared of words?
Please help get Trump out of the WH.
Who's the blonde in  the scarf ??
Do tell, what made it good?
They were held as hostages
Mr Senator; where is the healthcare plan solution? And where is the Tax Reform Plan? America is waiting!!!!
The president of the United States is Donald Trump. Ur a bitter and hypocrite man.  Voted for u and as bad as Obama is you r worst
McCain you screwed us . You need to resign now before you can do any more damage to our state
glad to hear it sir at the former Navy corpsman I salute you, as a Democrat/human,  I thank you for your vote on the   last R&R ACA vote.
And they're all silently thinking: "I can't believe I wasted my afternoon meeting with this nursing home refugee".
If we wanted your input on Afghanistan we would have made you President. Now do your job, and get rid of Obama care.
Will they look happy they have awesome insurance and we have to eat or insurance wow thanks john McCain
Like I said you care more about the people around you than the people you serve I bet you they don't have Obamacare
You have a real opportunity to make a difference for a lot of Americans now. I really hope you get well. But search your conscience.
More work and less photo ops.
between the 6 of you i bet your clothes cost more than i make in a year. glad ur having fun with our money...and doing nothing for us...
Trying to con them out of more money, there is never, ever enough for real democrats.
I can now see why I am living in a Gerrymandered state.
Confused. Do you understand how Arizona redistricting works? It's actually one of the best models there is. (Yes, surprises me too.)
More pics for your love me wall.
It's Great to see everyone stopping bye
They told you that your done didn't they
What kind of lies did you pass on to them.  Tell them why you voted no on Health reform or already forgotten???
Resign! You're nothing but an old, jealous, vile creature! RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN
Retire please john your no republican
I agree....he is a joke!!
Go back to DC and stop nuclear Armageddon, please. The world would appreciate it.
Support our president
They were talking about how to avoid having to report illegals to ICE. Maricopa sheriff funded buy Soros--just like McCain.

Breaking News
Wow CNN has a Panal that destroys @SenJohnMcCain health and lack of judgement and brand him as a liar 
Why are you still tweeting? Your statements are meaningless.
What was their take on OCARE? Are they happy with it?
Did you explain elitist exemption from obsmacare for staff. Better than rest of America and Az
Repeal Obamacare. Pass tax cuts
Can you please retire from the US Senate? You and others are literally destroying the @GOP with your progressive ideologue.
You claim to be a Republican and a patriot but every time you vote, you show your true colors. Go with the dem. At least you'll be honest.
You fake man, just retire. God will judge you if man can't

Spineless pos
You not a hero traitor
You need to get your act together Mr. McCain! You act more like a Democrat and socialist every day. I have never liked You and your politics
You suck mccain
Surprised they would want to be seen with you. RINO
Surprised they still can still look You in the eye?
Yeah yeah. Shut up traitor
Please resign.  Americans want Obamacare repealed!!
What about REPEAL & REPLACE, windbag?!?!
I realize your ill but POTUS is escalating the situation with NK! When is the GOP going to do something! These two nut cases must be stop!
Don't care. Get healthcare and tax reform done or start packing your suitcase.  Get behind Trump agenda
Please resign
DITTO. If you can't be productive, RESIGN.
I fear you may have lost track of what is good and what is not!
You make Airzona a disgrace to other states within the Union.
TrumpBragsOfStockMarketGigs, WhileTrumpRichFriendsCashingIn On WarTooL 4Profit, ; Trump Has No Conscience, It Is Seared ;
You're looking great!  Glad to see it.
Sooner you go, the better and no one cares how.
Senator McCain, you and I don't see eye to eye most times..but I completely respect your opinions and Statesmanship.
There is very little to respect about this turncoat republican.
It's to late your constituents are leaving you by the thousands!
You forget he's winning many back. 1 of MANY D who voted for him in '92/'98. Mad at him from '04-'16. Now... Constituents=all AZ, not just R
Hope you are strategizing on how to impeach Trump and Pence.
Oh really did you figure out healthcare? How about Taxes? How about NOKO? I don't think you talked about the right things!
Retire!
Photo ops do nothing in getting ACA repealed and tax reform done.  You are an elite politician where politics is first and Americans last.
Ditto!!!
NO. YOUR A TRAITOR
I'm rooting for your tumor!
You are out
