But what about #her emails
Can we stop one jet and get medicare for all? Seems like a good trade.
Of all people you should know the importance of healthcare.
War is a loose loose! Insane, to keep doing the same crap that doesn't work! It always costs everyone ! Life ABOVE profits for the few
Undermining the president puts the nation at greater risk, shame on you
Yet still manages to bomb very effectively.  The real budget cut should be to your salary and office.
Maybe it's time for our military to start spending more wisely. We spend so much more than any other country...get rid of the pork
While you continue to undermine the one president that would agree with you. McStain.
PLEASE HELP US AIRMAN ANDREW CARTER
Cut Trumps vacation time
Then cut what the generals want and not make them spend money on stuff they do not want just because of jobs in reps districts
Thanks for getting us in this predicament...you caved to the previous President and now you are whining. RETIRE Please!
Thank the Libs!
What has happened to all of Trump's promises to build up the military? #FBR
"you can't make this up?" Is this seriously all you're going to do?
Your constituents need you to ACT....like a hero.  Thank you Sir.
And it's the Governments Fault
Shut uo
You could have accomplished the problem to fix this as a member of congress but your colleagues in congress has left us wide open
Bullshit ! The problems we have cannot be solved by increasing military ! WAR is so profitable that they will keep it going no matter what
I wonder how all other nations can manage?
If only we could find a president that supported the military and then support him? Right John?
Yes John is doing everything he can to undermine the president
Trump will continue to do these things as long as the GOP protects him.
He few years back wanted to by refueling planes from Europe ???
There is millions of dollars unaccounted for and wasted by our military & We spend more on our military than any other country so just stop.
Were you for or against the sequester?
Where the record $ going? Budget doubled since 2001. Last 6 years highest ever except for 07-12? Budget has gone UP last 4 yrs??
And what did you do over the last 8 years to prevent it? You act like your hands are clean. Maybe fewer world vacations and more work?
This, unfortunately, will be your sad and destructive legacy.
Thank your bff Obama.
Yes under your watch the last 8 years & you allowed it ! Look in the mirror & complain!
Now you are complaining, I did not hear you complain last 8 years. Retire soon John.  I will vote Democrat to get you out.
This has all happened under your watch.  Stop talking and do something!
Sen McCain didn't all the cuts come under Obama admin ,as a senator what did you do sir stop the cuts?anything?
You Senator must bury the hatchet with @POTUS for the good of America. Each must give in something, compromise a& do what good for the USA
Please Mr McCain, Qatar? Do something about the POTUS, or we won't have a country left to defend.
Exactly what budget cuts? Most expensive military in history! Cmon...
Thanks to the sequestration that the @GOP forced. Talking out both sides of your face.
McCain the anti veteran help anything senator
How could you have allowed this over the last eight years?
RUSSIA
Must we really spend so much more than many, many nations combined? Close some bases, consolidate, get out of some other countries. cut cut
Is there any chance you could retire? Thanks
idk. Look at F-35 debacle. Seems like military has major contracting probs. & they don't like Si-valley comp.
IDK just a temporary condition.  Not just contracting- project designs that are outdated before delivery. BRIC front kill ratios are naive.
how well is darpa integrated into design process for example?
For career military officers, they have to lead major development project to get to senior grade.  DARPA's R&D is constrained research.
What about fixing our infrastructure first? roads are full of potholes, bridges crumbling & our airports looks 3rd world countries.
Because they waste money on stupid projects. Air Force gets a huge slice of the pie and probably does the least with it.
Can't afford your ambition.  $2Trillion on Iraq, nearly $1 trillion for Afghan. Libya, Syria, Lebanon- now you want Korea & Russia fronts.
Because gov's only role is to fund the military? We need to take care of domestic problems 1st!
John I'm waiting such a long time to hear you say something positive about your country and your president
Want to make us safe, don't let isolationist Trump-Bannon remove us from the table.
Isn't @POTUS the military budget,whilst shredding every conceivable program needed to #MAGA ?? What r u doing about it @SenJohnMcCain?
Please don't let Trump ruin our country
Always the war monger.
You have been a senator for how long? You're nothing but talk and zero action.If you got on board with the president things might get done..
What have you done in your career for the military. I know you won't respond because you're a damn Democrat.
Budget cuts were due to sequester and the inability of Congress to agree on a budget
Forest vs. trees, senator.
The biggest tank wouldn't have protected us against Putin. Spend smarter
Spend more than next 10 countries. Your problem should lie w/ contractors who enrich themselves+members of congress who suckle at their tit
smallest in history while spending more than the next 15 countries combined?  Maybe worry about who's doing the buying then
07-12 highest ever and double 2001. 13-17 next 5 highest defense spending years and still nearly double 01. Where does it go??
It's sad this has happened over the past decade with cannibalization of parts on military aircraft. Why were you silent while this occurred?
John, you always shoot your mouth off but never have any solid solutions. Start backing you Pres, go to him and talk, not bitchin.
It doesn't help to have a man without a brain in the WH. Stand up for America, John. Trump is shredding the USA.
#Trumprussia
The consequence of running a crap banking system
why aren't you standing up to Trump? Much bigger risk to our national security right now.
The Navy may need the biggest update to deal with Chinese naval capacities increasing by c15% annually.
Taking on two of the BRIC nations (Russia/China) demonstrates we can't engage them one for one.  Korea should have been a lesson.
That's you fault, McCain. You are the government.
And it shows in the morale of the airmen at least mine it does. He's over worked too many hours and not enough time off. Airmen to get out.
McCain is still imagining WWII engagements. Knights in shining armor are not viable strategy with BRIC fronts. Kill ratios are a pipe dream.
You created the shit fix it, bogus Sen. your energy is fake!
Please CALL PENTAGON!  WHAT HAPPENED TO US AIRMAN ANDREW CARTER IS WRONG!
@SenJohnMcCain . Your a sell out like the rest. U know that if Trump goes increases in military spending may also go with him. 
Senator, do we really want a COMMANDER AND CHIEF WITH THE IMPULSES OF A 15 YEAR OLD. DO SOMETHING OR DISASTER AHEAD!
@SenJohnMcCain and there it is. I've been trying to figure out why a so called patriot didn't care enough about #trumprussia.
Obama era tragedy. But if you want to spend more in military, you have to cut elsewhere. Do you have that kind of courage?
That is right and you've been letting it go on for many many years why haven't you been doing your job
You were part of it for allowing it not fighting.
Let's get @realDonaldTrump out of "our" house so we can get shit done. He's making a shit show out of our country. I'm sick of it all....
Trump puts the world at risk! Where ARE you all?
Why is are the republicans hiding, oh yes, they are all bribed to shut their mouth and let the wannabe dictator trump try to destroy USA
Close bases and get out of the middle east. Thanks Bush Cheney
And who is to blame.....Republicans and Sequestration!!!!!!!!!!!!  Amazing how the tone changes when the Worst Pres in history is @ the helm
AGREED lets do something about it!!!! @VP @POTUS
So build a bigger more expensive military for our Prez to use on what?  Patrolling US skies?  He doesn't want to use anywhere else.
So do something!  All this talk is useless and meaningless.
Blame the real culprit, Dictator Barack Hussein Obama.
How about a DoD audit? Defense has the largest budget, as much as 10 countries combined. $600 toilet seats?
Save us from this madness
Passive aggressive is the madness.
Military spending for foreign wars has put us in trillions of dollars in debt.  You want more?
There is more than enough money!! Spend it better!!!
I mean, he's probably not saying this because his state has Air Force bases in it or anything...
the US has the largest military force of Any Nation, 5 times larger in fact.
The real risk is who is in the WH @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. Remember, "Thank God you're here John. @JoeBiden
What about Trump's twitter attack on Qatar? Is our military personnel who are on the base in Qatar less safe because of his tweets?
In history??? Really?  Really?
When maintainers earn less than $15 an hour, no one is motivated to join. E1-E7 pay is an abomination...and they do all the work
He wants capital spending.  Not operational spending. Different color of money (gov't speak). His generation still sees enlisted as welfare.
If u think they r in bad shape, u should see our roads & school systems. Some people can't even get clean water to drink or air to breathe.
You know 1st hand! You give it to them.
@morningmika 
What are you going to do about Trump not reaffirming Article V of the NATO Doctrine? Time to defend country over party.
But with "Russia, Russia, Russia!" Who has the time to address that?
Before allocating *more* money how about looking at how much is wasted?  US military > next 7 largest combined. When is enough enough?
Yet somehow it's still the most expensive Air Force on the planet?
We don't believe you
But hey, the rich 1% can have a TEX CUT my friend, so why should you worry?
the big doush bag mccain
Did you vote for Trump?
Cyber
Really we have the greatest defense in the world
Why don't you help the GOP?  We have control of the house, The senate, and the presidency but nothing can get done because of people like u
Thank god
I don't want anyone's life at risk but I also want the waste in military spending checked. Quit making stuff we don't use anymore. #Democrat
With each passing day that you say and do nothing substantive about the lunatic in the White House you put all American lives at risk.
says a leader from the party of the 'sequestration'
should also factor the very significant spending from 2 wars AND
abundant waste/fraud
Then stop sending them into unnecessary wars that YOU create, McCain!
This phrasing makes it sound like George Washington had a stronger @usairforce
93x10 equals what? We need to save lives in our own country
Time to #draintheswamp
Sequester much?
McCain all you do is whine
