There is an overflowing of respect and admiration for the bravery that was shown in standing up for what is right and just for all Americans
John McMcain did NOT do what was RIGHT for America. He did what was RIGHT for  his bank act. He lied to the american pple. Period.
It's America...We can agree to disagree, on this one. I prefer to consider the 16M keeping healthcare due to his NO vote.16M=14states pop+DC
I am with Brent. This did nothing to help him personally.
It may be hard for a Trumpet to understand, but good people sometimes do the right thing without benefit - and even with negative effects.
I'm no "Trumpet" but McCain didn't "do the right thing" by the people who supported him and struggle to pay our medical bills. No help.
And you think the new bill would have?  Not a chance! Read the bill!
No. I think #FullRepeal is the best next step.

Thank you.
I am sure those signs are not met for McCain, what has he done lately to better AZ or the vets or for that matter the American people?
Wow! How sad your life must be.
That isn't a known fact, it is assumptions made by msm. I think if McConnell had written a better bill it would have passed.
If you must attack veterans I am done. Have a good day.
I am sorry but he betrayed the American and proved he is part of the swamp @POTUS is cleaning up
Really? There hasnt been so much corruption in the WHi since Harding. And maybe not even then
Agree 100%. There is more corruption, less ethics, more chaos, less safety, more mistakes & less process with this administration. #Fail
More so than Obama? Obama was clever and kept under wraps. However, its all slowly coming to surface. Break out the popcorn 
You've been watching too much FOX and Friends
Really? I believe its Left believing too much from all MSM
Listen, all media cannot be wrong. Trump has taken the tactic used by Hitler to declare all news and facts false. Don't fall for it.
Dont fall for it? Fall 4 what? That there is no proof of collusion?  None. Special prosecutor & nothing. What exactly should I not fall for?
Heros!  THANK YOU!  @SenJohnMcCain you saved millions of American lives.  No mater what earthly tempest may rage, god is pleased. 
That looks good on a tombstone.
I don't live in your state but I wholeheartedly second the sentiment.
Those of us in our 60's, with pre-existing conditions & have insurance thru ACA now, thank him. We're out here on a seesaw, not knowing.
This is great. I'm happy to see a Sen sticking to his guns for his constituents. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
That's awesome! May God heal you and protect you!
As a Democrat, allow me to thank you from the bottom of my heart for saving our health care. Bless you!
Thank you and your family for supporting #hardworkinAmericans with the no vote
This small businessman says "Thank you Senator McCain."  Get well.
Thanks Senator McCain for being a traitor to American people,  by the way, McCain should did kill a lot of Navy, people should check Navy.
Thank you, Senator, for helping to save our country from ignorance & tyranny. We need you. Best wishes, lifelong Democrat
The person who made these signs undoubtedly expects #JohnMcCain to protect #Obamacare in future votes, too. Will he?
@SenJohnMcCain
@MeghanMcCain 
On our road this morning. 
He came thru and I want to thank him for that. He has my support for when it was needed most ..... he came thru.
From 1 vet 2 another-thanks
Thank you!!! We were worried. But now understand why it was necessary procedurally 4 him to vote yes to have the vote! Also wouldn't...
...(2) it be great if Dems & Repubs come together to come up w something we all can live with! And to get rid of this abomination in the WH!
McConnell and Ryan do not want bipartisanship in any shape of form because their masters at citizen united demand it.
He deserved it! Please know you all are in our prayers! Thank you
Have a wonderful day
He voted correctly . We need more gop to start caring about America and not caring about what Trump threatens .
Hugs and prayers to you and the Senator
Yaaaay so wholesome, I love it
That's cool.
A true hero! Love from North Carolina!
I hope your father knows how much America appreciates 3 brave patriotic senators 
Thank you Senator!
I can't wait to come see your great state this fall! Best wishes to @SenJohnMcCain & your family on the path to wellness!  #maverick #AZ
There are millions more of us saying the same thing, Ms. McCain. Beat this thing!
Thank you, Senator!  #salute

Thank you and Senators Murkowski & Collins from Idaho!!
Selling out has its rewards
Thank you - you are still my hero!
Yes, I add my thanks to the senator. Best wishes for emerging from treatment quickly. With the luv & support of family, you'll win.
We are all pulling for him and your family.
Are you covered under ACA?
He did a great thing for all Americans! A true hero! Thank you!
Sending a very loud:  Thank you Senator McCain for your valiant move
Epic!...respect ♡
Pls remember these heartfelt signs. We look forward to thanking @SenJohnMcCain again for opposition to dangerous #GrahamCassidy
Thank you, Senator!
John had the courage to stand not just for the people but vs his own party. He did the right thing/a true hero.
Thank You Senator!!!
1/2 Signs made by people who get healthcare for FREE. Middle America is CRUSHED by Obamacare & we cannot afford medical attention.
that bill wouldn't have done shit for you, calm down
It would have raised their premiums 20% each year more than ACA alone!
Do I realize how much rates have gone up. And your claiming rate hikes 
No, the CBO is predicting 20% increases EVERY YEAR through 2026.
 if GOP repeals pass.
Thank you Senator.
Yes, thank you.
Daughter of a Naval fighter pilot here. Lean left. Tell you Dad thanks.
Husband not dad 
Thanks @ActualEPAFacts - tell The Senator thanks.
Hi Cindy! Thank you Dad for me! I will never forget that moment! He's a fighter and I'm pulling for him to win! Also a Dem.
Cindy is his wife, his daughter is Meghan.
Well then don't i feel silly. Thank you i will correct myself. 
I wasn't being mean, just wanted you to know.
I didn't take you as being mean  I appreciate that you told me so I could correct my tweet.
Your road should be covered with them!!!!
All the democrats thanking McCain ! Rhino!
He lied to his voters. He's a bitter man. Get over what Trump said and do what you senators said you were going to do. 
#repealobamacare
Yeah, nice photo display! Not beleiving it!!
Retire your time is done in the senate.
Millions of us are thankful to @SenJohnMcCain for doing the right thing and trying to bring keep our most vulnerable people, esp kids safe!
Congratulations!
Your husband betrayed his campaign pledges & failed to do the one thing he always claimed he would.
Cowardice AND betrayal!
Millions of Americans are applauding him, for doing rhe RIGHT thing, and the bravery to do it.
Of course the vultures don't want the carcass dragged away, but HIS CONSTITUENTS are tired of paying for other people's health insurance.
His governor told him the bill was bad for his state. He did the right thing.
McCain isTRAITOR to all Americans #Gop #recallMcCain #Arizona
No he isn't. Trump is the traitor. Show a little respect for a veteran and public servant.
He is a self serving politician just like all the others who won't repeal this Ins Monopoly #recallMcCain #arizona #MAGA
What does that tell you @GOP?
Thank you Senator McCain. You made me proud to be an American again.
Cindy your husband demonstrated willingness
to fight for all Americans despite strong pressure!!
Became a WARRIOR/HERO for all generations!!
The whole country thanks you Sen McCain!! You are a great American sir.
Wonderful. Tell John to stay strong in his fight against cancer and his fight to fix the Senate.
A million thanks 
Thank you for your leadership Senator!
@GJAndrews @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain good thoughts & prayers for a good man
That's beautiful Cindy.  John gets my thanks everyday, for this but for lessons in survival of trauma.  STRONG!!
A lot of folks are breathing easier because of your husband's vote. I appreciate it (along with the votes of Murkowski/Collins).
Who put those signs up Cindy
Although I'm not from your home state I thank you as well...
Hang in there Senator...we're praying for you
Well deserved! And your constituents are thoughtful.
It's the same sign.  Both OBVIOUSLY situated on different parts of the road by same sly leftists.  Don't care about penalty, not buying!  FU
I would plant a thousand of those.  #Hero #CountryOverParty   Thank you, God Bless You and #GodSpeed
THANK YOU SEN #McCain FOR DEMONSTRATING STRENGTH, COURAGE AND COMPASSION TO HELP THE CONSTITUENTS, THE AVERAGE AMERICANS.
funny how you're "republicans" but cater to democrats & vote with them. Hmm. I hope your husband
Thank you Senator McCain.
When it was announced a glioblastoma I prayed he would have an awakening and by God it worked.
He had a glioblastoma.  Ironic that two great senators from across the aisle would both have this cancer. I became an independent ....
Please extend my thanks, as well, as the son of a USMC A-4 aviator shot down in 1967
I'll leave another one here: thank you, Senator!

Very cool
Thank you!
Love it!! Thank You!!!!!
Thank you Senator McCain! God bless you!!
He is still my hero.
thank U for letting the people down who elected you and trusted you ! U have lost all credibility
The vast majority of the country feels that way! #StandWithMcCain
Thank you Senator.... you are a hero in every sense of the word ..... May God hold you in his arms as you begin your next journey

So-o deserving. We love what he did & "sacrificed" for All Americans this past wk.
Sen. McCain- UR an American Treasure & we love U
Thank you Senator.
#BenedictMcCain
This is what happens when you help people and not try to hurt them.
And you thank those women.
Of all he has done in his life, his vote is one of his many strong accomplishments. Hopefully his colleague's will listen. Bipartisan answer
@morningmika @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain Doing the right thing is its own reward, but I wish I was close enough to put 100 out
Thank you Senator. Now go get healthy! This country needs men like you!
From me also.
Can we work on making the Affordable Care Act more about affordable and care instead of whatever this last thing was (tax brk)
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator McCain for not voting along party lines, but for voting  for what's right. A true Patriot and hero.
Welp, your daddy did the right thing. That always deserves gratitude. Thanks to your dad for a good vote and 2 amaze daughters! 
Thank you, Senator.
Tell the Senator, thank you from NJ. 
thank you senator
I thank him.
Huh, we wish him well and a fast recovry.
Against a wonderful gesture!!
Thank you for saving people's health care.  Wishing you the best.
I'm a long way from your road, but I'm more thankful than words can say. @SenJohnMcCain  thank you for standing up for all of us.
Thank you! Sincerely! Thank you so much. I've not always agreed with Mr. McCain, but have always believed he is a hero. Thank you! Godspeed.
THANK-YOU SENATOR
Peace and love Cindy *)
@morningmika @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain A man of honor.  Success without integrity is just a lie. Thank you
when we use to just b disappointed  your guy didn't win, not afraid.

Great message on behalf of so many of us around the country. Thank you!
Thank you Senator my family thanks you
Keep driving far far far away....perhaps into the ocean? 
Oh...Trump is so going to ruin your life. I can't wait. #traitor #sorospuppet
Thank you, Senator.

Thank you, Senator
Your poor fellow Arizonans! How disappointing for them having to live with Obamacare. Arizona is still one of the highest premiums rates
Thank you Senator McCain. You saved lives. We are grateful.
Yes, thank you
I thought Obamacare prices went sky high in Arizona,most people thanking you must be democrats?
I like my Heros not captured by the Current Presidents stupidly.   Your dad proved to be an American Hero yet again.
He needs to replace mcconnell and get the Congress working.
Thank you, Senator!
And, yes, "Thank You Senator," from a California liberal and fellow American. @SenatorJohnMcCain
Thank you, Senator. ;0) 
Wishing the best for you and your family.
So proud of your husband,  he saved our country yet again
Feels good, doesn't it?  We needed a hero and he and 2 other senators led the way.  Please give John a big hug from a former republican.
Why did your dad vote no?
I agree... Thank you, Senator McCain
save what little is left of his legacy and keep him home in AZ.. #retireJohn
A man with great vision to see this country must unite to fix healthcare.  Thank you John!!!@
Sending good thoughts your way and to your entire family as you begin post-surgical treatment.  I've been there with my family too.  w/love-
God bless Sen. McCain
Is she taking a job in the state department?
Oh how cute your fellow liberals left you a message.
There is NO #Sympathy for #POW that breaks and spills info to the enemy! #NeverForget you cannot rewrite #History !!!
Stunning betrayal to  &constituents. Huge embarrassment to AZ. Obama Care useless to us, we pay for your Mayo plan and get screwed go away
God Bless y'all! Praying for many more healthy years!!!!
shouldnt that say gracias. comrade?
AND WE MEAN IT!! 
(That legacy was on the brink tho ...)
Cindy your dad IS a great American hero.  I am encouraged by his strength
Thank you for voting no. The ACA saved my fiancées life
All of the democrats in my neighborhood say the same thing.
THANK YOU, Senator!!
Thank you SO MUCH.  You are a true United States of America Republican.  Only a few of you left I think.  It means SO MUCH.  BLESSINGS to U!
Thank you Senator for your courage and love for Americans. God bless you.
The whole country is pulling for him Cindy.
Nice
thats awesome
thank you, Mrs. McCain and family. God bless!
That's great to see!  I'm glad someone was so thoughtful and appreciative of you.
Thank you! Sending all the positive energy, light and love to the Senator, you & your whole family. 
thank you sir! And will think of you all, as my family has been impacted by glioblastoma 
Huge Thank You Senator McCain!!
@SenJohnMcCain                              You have made a huge difference!
Only for military service. Did not tell truth about health care vote!

He was and will always be a hero.
And to your lovely wife, Cindy & daughter, Meghan -all the best! God bless!!
I was not surprised but was totally so Happy he followed what he knew was right   Great job
That's awesome!
I too thank you to Senator !
And yet, if @SenJohnMcCain hadn't voted to allow debate, that would've stopped all this terror. So. No. No, thanks, John.
We don't need to belong to a certain party to do what's in the best interest for all people - 
Please thank your father for me. He showed courage.
I met Sen. McCain in the Minneapolis airport in 2000 after the primary.  He was gracious and a true hero to us.This week he stood up for all
honestly he let the ppl down that voted to repeal Obamacare, what he did was a disgrace, he is a liar and it's doing all this crap for Trump
Wishing Mr McCain and the McCain family the very best as they enter this battle. I am in a battle with cancer for my life also. Hang tough.
And will they thank him when the entire Obamacare imposes? What about 100% increases! Do something for us
Thank both of you so much. Senator, you are a great leader and a blessing to all of us. We need more like you. May you get well soon.
Because we care about people we don't know this must make @SenJohnMcCain feel good as he returns for chemo. Wishing you well Senator.
Is this a joke ? This POS lied for 7 yrs!
Thank you Senator McCain. Stay strong and kick cancer's butt.
Thank you for your integrity, strength and leadership. Now GET WELL! Take some strength from our support and prayers for yourself!
ACA requires all of the hill to be signed up on the DC exchange. Obama made them put it in the bill.
I now wish to see my dem. Representatives reaching across to work together! together we r stronger
Awww 
I just read that the McCains purchased this sign.
Thank you, keep up the good fight with your health. From my family to yours 
Thank you John McCain!!!
I pray for your husband and your family. I also pray his  call for bi-partisan work is heard.
Cousin battling same brain cancer. This Democrat is praying for your family too.
Still an amazing badass. Now go kick cancer's butt!!!
Your husband is one "first class act"!  Many, many thanks!  We are all praying for his recovery!
