Let's know when you send your resignation in too!  #MAGA
Your MAGA pres hasn't honored any fallen military members once since he came into office. You're supporting a hateful ass.
Actually he has.  What a dumb tweet.  Congrats!
No sweetie he has not.
Just wanted to tell you what a great person you are. We all admire you. Stay strong SenJohnMcCain. God bless you & ur family.
May God bless us all.
How long did the doctor give you Mr McCain?  Did they give you ANY indication? I did a bit if research and it looks bad. 12 months?
I respect you sir, and I'm a leftie. Thank you for your service.
One leftie to another!
Define that, are you saying that you're a leftie, or that Mccain is a leftie?!

You answer to us ! Now do your job
he did. how about not troubling the grieving family of the soldier with your nonsense and tweet your separate thoughts separately, Dale?

We love our President.
If you don't know look it up
McCain is the sorest loser in HISTORY, Trump won, get over it and quit destroying the country to support your own agendas, quit your crying.
He has brain cancer and needs a mental evaluation.
How about the 13 soldiers that you blew up on the aircraft carrier?

Veteran BLASTS @SenJohnMcCain. Says he should be arrested and tried for treason!
https://twitter.com/TruePat25/status/904538521712590849/video/1 …
John where have been working for the American people...... that was a joke we no better..... working for your buddy George Soros.
Emil was a great guy and leaves behind a wife and three kids He was a good friend
Respect to all those who serve and eternal gratitude for the fallen; and thank you for your service and leadership Senator.

You need to respect the president that we elected if you don't you undermine everything
Explain your ties to Nazi's and satan john
God be with this family! Praying for peace.
What about the families of the men you burned alive on the Forrestal
What about the other 4 marines that died. You, super biased. disloyal to Republicans.Bought by Deep Government lobbyists. RETIRE for America
Who was in charge leading up to 911
Retire
U need to stop pretending ur a friend to the vets.   You voting record for disabled vets speaks for itself.  STOP with the pretending
You care so much for our military but don't want them provided for. You are a national embarrassment. Stop working for Soros!
Aww... So nice while you back stab the country using POTUS
Retire, now!
Phony McCain criticizes Trump while he sat by as scores of vets die waiting for service at Phoenix VA hospital. All talk no action McCain
Another corrupt, swamp-dwelling establishment Republican. @SenJohnMcCain needs to get out of OUR Senate! He doesn't represent us! #liar
And to think , mccain has never seen a war he didnt like..loves to send our young people to war.
Condolences to some and stab in the back to other- the new McCain
Hope u sent some of your millions that u made
Oh look, a political leader.
The sad reality all military families share. Respect for a fallen brother at arms. RIP
you know. I can audibly say President McCain with wanting to wretch. 10 months and I still can't verbalized the reality.



Hypocrite
Why in the name of all that's holy or not doesn't someone help him figure out his legacy is circling the drain?
McCain you had over sight why are plans crashing, ships colliding. Do you even care? You have been a senator for how long, nice Photo BTW
John "kick the can" McCain no leadership just a lot of photo shoots, so proud of your non service for Arizona your legacy. There's not one.
This isn't about John McCain...it's a about a lost in action Soldier, not found! Bless the Soldiers family
And you want how many more Americans deployed?
Get lost McCain. No one wants to listen to your craps
Not possible, you DON"T have a heart. U screw the middle class on a daily basis!
How about contact the spouse instead of tweeting to score political points. Resign old fool.
How much money did the Clinton foundation give you to make you a traitor
Traitor not fixing what you promised
Any thoughts for the middle class, small businesses or veterans you continue to ignore? All dying due to your duplicity.
Thoughts and prayers with his family; remembering his patriotic service.
RIP.

Sitting you're acting like you're above Trump? I didn't know 100-year-old man are bitter and jealous because you are not electable
Bro, you work for the people man. We are your boss and you're failing miserably. You're fired. I respect your daughter but not you
The rich gop members like John Mccain can't relate to the suffering of middle-class America. So, why is John still 
Please go away. You made sure again (middle) poor people  have no affordable competent health care. Yours is free.
AMEN
DATA....WHEN I SAW THE NEWS ABOUT SOME SGT DEFECTING...
SGT...DEFECTING TO NOKO....MIRROR...I DUN FREAKIN THINK SO...U HAVE TO BE LOKO TO DEFECT TO NOKO!
Shut Up John

https://twitter.com/Seanla5/status/900070056041775105 …
Condolences to the Rivera - Lopez family.  My thoughts and prayers are with you.

NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY TRAITOR @senjohnmccain..

WHO IS $ FOR YOUR TRIP?  SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS I AM SURE..
