I think the problem is tragically there is a moral clarity that blocks any movement to fix anything without it being addressed truly.
Wow u got that right, #MoralClarity
With all due respect sir, nothing matters right now except Articles of Impeachment. There's a Nazi in the Oval Office named Donald.
For what crime, parasite metrosexual pajama boy? He won't cut off any of your government cheese
Oh wow thanks, I needed a laugh. I'm gonna need you to remove the "christian" part of your profile though. Or read the bible, either one.
I'll let you know when I need a lecture on religion from an immoral degenerate parasite.
Can't help but notice you have nothing. Appears to be the story of your life
What is a "christian?"
You seem to have a pretty strong opinion on that since you already told me I'm not one, so let's here it.
I asked you. If you say you are one, and you do, and you bring such insults without provocation, your opinion is the one I want.
What about citizens McCain? Isn't it unwise for them as well?
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain Sens. need to listen to J Mattis and be more receptive & loyal to the President

president Trump a good man is being raked over the coals and then I find this on Twitter
What has Trump ever done that was good for anyone but himself?
have you ever gotten a job from a poor man ?

Senator, you attack the President at every opportunity, but refuse to condemn the elected official calling for his assassination! Fraud!
Say #SorryTrump before it's too late

When are we going the bring up the attack on the USS Liberty by your buddies, John McCain
Please. Shut. Up.
Does Mattis know you're a Nazi supporter? Whoa and radical islam. Wow you support both just exactly like Hitler!!!
Please explain
#MAGA
Hey @SenJohnMcCain why are you refusing to comment on your involvement with Svoboda? #DoSomethingGOP
Another country then pay to rebuild it while areas in our Beloved Country fall into decay
U soon will b more extinct than any other dinosaur
U want 2 cut out Medicaid to pay for another war or 3? We can't afford to take care of our aging but we can go bomb and rebuild some 1/2
@Cernovich @JackPosobiec @pnehlen


Svoboda.. pls explain mccain!
Maybe if the president toned down his rhetoric, we wouldn't need to be ready to fight the entire world all at once.
#hero2zero Americans call 5 more years of McCain in office a looming national disaster for middle-class & small business
Russia Russia Russia
McCain the democrat...
I thought we redid our nuclear arsenal in January? Noooo Trump lied?
. Go away jonnny.
Denounce the white supremacist Donald Trump. #ImpeachTrump
Svoboda
You have a lot of D friends since you vote with them most of the time.... Get them off their a****.
So what is Congress going to do, Senator? Lead, Follow, or get out of the Way!!!
Won't be long now McCain. 'Maybe we can get Megan back after your gone?" 
Pls retire
Funny you let democrats cut military ,even this april
Republicans think we can run this country by cutting taxes when the exact opposite is the case.
all do respect, we don't give a damn about this. Don't post this, tell us what YOU and @GOP are gonna do to get your party back from nazis
Try doing your own research! Google Obama & Svoboda or McCain & Svoboda!
Lmao
Can we count on you to stop tr madness in the WH?
Why? He and the Democrats created it all for the past 8 years!
I am more concerned with removing the incompetent President before he further divides us and starts a few wars.
That was Obama & his Democrats with their identity politics. Bill Clinton gave billions to N. Korea & Obama gave billions to Iran.
I will have to agree with Mattis, he is only one of a few that knows what the hell is going on!
Trump is richest
it's why he was elected
if he can't do anything else he'll know how to budget
Should examine your own short comings. Keating 5, tailhook, 894/899. Be careful about lobbing the stones, plenty to come back your way.
And his reasons are?
I don't trust you, John.

The most unwise action is the allow this RACIST POTUS to remain in office dividing our country PROMOTING HATE #ImpeachTrump


rhut rho
And why haven't you been working on a budget? Oh that's right you're preoccupied running your shadow government. RETIRE already.
Is it true your negligence caused the fire on the Forrestal? It's circulating on FB
Anericans are preoccupied with the Nazi in the White House John. Start the process to remove him. DO IT TODAY! DO IT NOW!
Show your proof! Quit making baseless accusations! 1st he was a Putin puppet, now a Nazi? I have already seen the next one: ties to Mafia!
it is the KKK party. This is retarded traitor crap!
Shut up McCain
I love our military, but if you don't impeach the Nazi madman in charge of it we might as well cut 100% of their funding.
For what crime, parasite metrosexual pajama boy?
I thought you were sick
I respect u of all republicans!Where's ur repulsion of Pres.Trump's support of White Supremacy&Neo-Nazism?The US is in trouble #ImpeachTrump
Why don't you Google McCain's support of Neo-Nazism? Google McCain & Svoboda!
For the love of God can't someone prove Trump is mentally unfit and get rid of him?


Of course you're worried about this, John. The more money your defense industry donors make, the more money you make.

John McCain one of tje greatest Senators ever
Dig this Sofia
But.. but.. Trump said he would take care of them. They would get a bigly raise. Did he..lie?? Gasp!!!
Ok reps! News not the time to hold back on the defense budget!


Okkkkk....
I agree. Problem is that without solid leadership & direction 2 create a workable budget that decreases taxes for middle class isn't coming.
U have an answer4 everything. That's why u lost the electionMAGA
#MAGA?   Make America Grope Again.
Mattis not professional in his comments. S/b more wise
We have no leadership

catch on
Section 4 of the 25th.   Needed now!
IMPEACH- there's no going back now
@SenJohnMcCain please please please help congress with vote of no confidence!
Working on that Healthcare Traitor ???
Politics over Country!
For McCain, that would be Democratic politics!
John McCain is one of the last great Republicans. Trumps Alt Right anti american terrorist hate group has no place in the Republican Party.

