Grateful for your leadership on investigation Trump and Russia. Please keep the heat on Senator. #ThankYou
yes. Please keep pushing for answers 2 questions on #trump #Russia. U r one of the few making a stand. Thnx
Why don't you work with @POTUS instead of bad mouthing him behind his back overseas.
@dannyboy5368 @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS coz he's a liability & a buffoon!
Now that WE Have Great Man As Nat. Security Great Man as @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain GET THE HELL OUT THEIR  Way U Make us Sick
Why don't we have someone in the #WhiteHouse with those qualities? Because you and the rest of @GOP are #RepublicanCowards
If McCain is for McMaster, I do not trust him! McCain belongs in prison!
.@USNJack Yep
Let's hope so.
Thanks Senator for supporting ALL the American people and for speaking out.
Oh damn, if McCain likes him watch out!  #traitor
why would Trump choose someone with merit?
I was beginning to lose hope, but between the two of you, America may still be saved from Trump's tyranny. Thank you!
did you say the same thing about Flynn ??????

#Syria is kicking #ISIS ass while @SenJohnMcCain illegally enters Syria to help ISIS. WTH! https://aml.ink/vBWLR  via @thearabsource
Push that Hillary lost the election because of Russia garbage..Obama wrote dreams of my father you wrote dreams of Russia.

It's not about the name, it should be about our country
Warmongering minds think alike. America is a nation, not an Empire to be run by elite sociopaths.
and the ability to stand up to POTUS
Look at all your leftist cheers.  Keep up the good work.  Really?
To think this could have been our pres
WILL ROBERT MOORE REPORT POSITIVELY ON THE CHOICE.. I DOUBT IT. CRAP BRITISH REPORTER.. MANY MILLIONS OF BRITS SUPPORT TRUMP
Nunes & Burr discredited by White House.  Come on John, appoint a select committee for the American people.
surprised you like Trump pick. Hillary and Soros give you  to say that?
disappointed in your dissing our President overseas and joining the Globalists in trying to delegitimize this Administration
So glad you agree, hope you will get on board, we need tax relief, and Obamacare replaced.  Up to senate to make it happen

Grest choice by who? Go ahead, say it.... Trump
Finally something good out of McCain.  He still should call it quits, don't need him no more.
that's cuz TRUMP our @POTUS picked him. Retire MCCain
I'm very thankful, At least Trump put in one amazing man. LtGen HRM has a good heart.
I hope he doesn't get Bannon whipped
AS OPPOSED TO ME LAST IN CLASS AT THE ACADEMY AND SOMEONE WHO HAS ACCOMPLISHED NOTHING BUT BEING A SUCCESSFUL POW
@JoeNBC Let's hope so.  Our lives depend on some intelligence and sanity to stop the Bannonization of this White House.
wow you actually agree with Trump on something? About damn time!
thanks for your thoughtful and even tempered leadership.
I served under him in Iraq and I can tell you he is as good as they come, a true man of honor and integrity.
a lot more character than you will ever have. They won't bash our President overseas ... Jackass
is this just one white male supporting another? What would you all do without your posse?
Bad mouthing the commander in chief on foreign land.  You should be in Sun City golfing. Ur a threat to our country.
unfortunately John, you are not an outstanding   Choice
cool. Does he have the balls to contradict trump?
Abt time u get on TrumpTrain & say something nice! Enough talk of Russia& Dictatorship #McCainIsAPain #1st100Days #TermLimits
Why? Is he going to start a war with #Russia?
I agree! Finally @POTUS has picked someone, intelligent & highly qualified who won't just stroke his ego.
Really wish you all had nixed Sessions and DeVos. Trump seems to do much better with his backup picks
I'm not sure your endorsement is worth having given your willingness to stab your country in the back, Songbird
( McCain ) Having you onboard, Makes me feel as if he made a mistake !!
love him!
We know We also know it's time for you to resign or be prosecuted @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions
I'm glad republicans with integrity can tweet too.  Thank you for your service.
nothing like you!!!
Glad you are comfortable with him. Seem to be getting more intelligent types, not just hardass, kickass idealogues
If you approve, than he's the man for the job. Good man, like you.
this is good as long as the President listens to advice from the good men around him and not Steve Bannon
very good words of recommendation now say something good about your President. Are you stood by you and now you stand by him
#Ashely Christopher, help her and other Vets!
Thank you for standing up for integrity and the ideals of America. Thank you for exploring the Russia connection!
remember in 2008 when the country said U R far from an outstanding choice for @POTUS? So grateful U R rejected. #imwithher
I agree, Seantor but what are you doing to stop the madman in the WH?  How about some investigations?
.@SenJohnMcCain Colin Powell is all that but see what happened to him. Trump/Bannon can bring HR down too.
Now the trouble is getting the POTUS to listen for more than 2mins straight
Great, now can you get President Bannon off the NSC? Wasn't Harward right about the "sh__sandwhich" that this is?
for a change
I will trust your judgement. As the mother of s Purple Heart Marine? The WH scares the bejesus out of me.
@JoeNBC U WOKE UP MAVERICK!!!!
@UKreality as long as McMaster still holds to his concern that Russia is an ongoing aggressor to Western world order
you sir are no better than the crap Obama spewed. If you have nothing positive to say call the potus  and work it out
Wholeheartedly agree. A fabulous choice for Security Chief.
It's fine that you like@POTUS choice, but to be perfectly clear....Americans stopped caring what you think a long time ago.
I hope he'll still have your respect when he's done
disrespected the Pres. on foreign soil. disgusted with you.. only Democrats care what you think now.
you must be high this morning to tweet something positive
- can somebody in the congress control the mouth of the President. Gees, he is such an embarrassment to this country.
thank you
Shouldn't you question why it took so long to find him?
.@SenJohnMcCain 

Great decision by .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump
mc cain just touched down back on earth, amazing, or just an honest quote
@JoeNBC  Sen McCain RINO Americans are so tried of your vindictive anti Trump when U praise Trump Americans don't pay notice
someone that you can learn from! Stop running your mouth about the President and get behind him!
Hopefully he will last more than 1 month!
@JoeNBC I'm a complete dem but I sure luv u Sen McCain!
Someone you should aspire to.
And, @realDonaldTrump PICKED HIM!
And your WRONG! DICTATORS USE MEDIA..don't shun it. Obama used..our media Socialist Soros media? Media Matters, Media Fund?
Then why don't you get off your high horse and support Trump?
Thank you senator for your integrity and service to our country. Thank you 4 putting our country over party politics. HERO!
I am with you on this one.
thank you for being positive about the admin.
Hopefully he kicks that white supremacist's Bannon's butt off of Security Council @ out of the WH!
I thought he was a good choice until I found out you are endorsing him. You are one corrupt S.O.B.
Thank you for believing that siding with Russia over US is wrong. You are a patriot!!!
I guess even a blind squirrel gets a nut once in a while.
You need to put your personal differences aside and stop bad mouthing OUR President especially overseas. Shame on you!!
Since HRM is still active duty, can he really give independent advice or use his own judgment, w/ chain of command?
about time you said something patriotic
@FreedomsLH ahh McCain lost some of my respect with his anti trump stuff overseas
I wish i could say the same about you
You need to worry about your job. Your state has the worse V.A hospital in the entire country.
Your too busy playing to your base.....democrats
Mccain bad mouth the president overseas while vets are dying in his home states V.A.
Agree for once!
not complaining.  Now on to a FULL INVESTIGATION into Flynn and Russia  and how 45 fits in.... #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
Democrats and far left LOVE McCain and think he is doing great! What does that tell you?
yes sir, and what about Putin's interference in our election?
will He be allowed to do His job? or did his job come with strings attached from #presbannon?
He is still working for Trump...will he have the courage to be truthful if job is at risk??...only time will tell
Good. I trust your judgement on that. Hopefully no more Russian spies.
#notwarhero
Great!
please investigate Russia ties to our elections and Trump.  #truth
fake news
tick tock.  Time will tell and we will all know the truth. Who will be on the right side of history.
trump isn't that dumb. He knows what he is doing. Nothing will happen
you can't possibly have something good to say?! Shocker!!
.@SenJohnMcCain yes, he is unlike you...
I agree completely.
.......I like your honesty. When it's good its good, when it's bad it's bad.
so he is everything you are not Songbird!
Who cares what McTraitor says. Go blow up another AC Carrier and let daddy and grandpa cover it up for you. 139 dead by u
focus on #TrumpRussia
please continue to stand up to Trump and Bannon et al with intellect, character and ability. Your country needs you!
With Bannon on NSC, disagree w/ "I could not imagine a better, more capable national security team."
You can thank President Trump for that. I will be waiting for you to do so. Oh look the left loves you now.
Wow, a kind word from the overseas insulter.
YEP. NOTHING LIKE YOU !
Opposite of you
But I'm still gonna do everything I can to destroy this sitting President- and keep calling my wife a 'cunt'. #GoAway
@JoeNBC still a patriot? Investigate! #NeglectingOversight
your probably back stabbing the POTUS at the same time your tweeting this
and as active duty he did not have a choice to decline
You mean President Trump did something RIGHT? According to you? You're as bad as Libtards. You lost your bid. He won. STOP!!!
trump picked him so why should we trust your judgement?
YES ARE PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS MADE ANOTHER EXELLETE CHOICE. I HAVE A BONE TO PICK WITH YOU McCAIN,LATER.
Finally McCain thinks something is good
I trust your judgment Sen. McCain, if you figure he's a good choice, to me that says a lot.
Trump has made many outstanding picks you approve of,  maybe he is a lot smarter then you think,  time to support him!
Time for Old Senile Vindictive John to bury the hatchet or pay big time 2022.  We will find  (R) oppcandidate
uh oh...@realDonaldTrump ,  @SenJohnMcCain supports McMaster...   need to rethink this selection
Thank you for your continued service to our country. Please get to the bottom of Trump/Russia connection. We need you!
@FreedomsLH You shouldnt have spoken out against President Trump, especially oversees. Keep it private if you have critisism
uh oh
The fact that you like McMaster makes me very suspicious. He is either a pedophile or will hide the fact that you are.
Please prevent Trump and his ilk from deleting/destroying Russia-related evidence by all means possible. Thank you Senator.
he must know about your pedophilia and enablement of it. Otherwise you wouldn't like him
Mr Senator, Its time for you to get on board with this Administration. In all aspects!
Country before party. Thx Senator.
Finally something positive from you!
We ppl don't believe you can make a stmt regarding a persons intellect; @POTUS is highly intellectual & U don't know it
McCain is a traitor, maybe we should look a little closer at this pick
you are a sad old fool! You are just jealous of DT because you were whipped solidly by obama.
RETIRE
@Dcarter888K @SenJohnMcCain why? Because you're afraid of what he had to say? Do you even know what the constitution says?
