Do we need to spend $700 BILLION A YEAR to protect America? That doesn't include the $45 Billion a year spent by Homeland Security. Enough!
Does any know what that $700bn is protecting you from?  All McCain uses it for is making the world a worse place.
protecting us from the boogie man they preach on FAKE FOX NEWS. "Look out, there's a Muslim in ur closet"!Don't worry about the nazi's
No FAKE NEWS is CNN & MSNBC & local channels. FOX tells it like it is no FAKE NEWS on that channel.
We know why ur the Z Man,time for bed. The Foxwashed will wake up when russia brings down WH.  But Fox doesn't report on russia invest?
That's because its FAKE NEWS ! When are you people going to stop Crying?
when tramp is perp walked out of the WH in cuffs. Traitors must pay for their sins.
Well then Obama & Clintons should be in JAIL. Biggest TRAITORS in American History. Clintons also had people killed to silence them. WAKE Up
Go away J.McCain. You're so good to criticize,but always vote NO to Repeal/Replace http://ObamaCare.You 're nothing but an obstructionist!
Sen.McCain is 1 of the few who won't cave into Party idiocy. Thank you for not being a party lackey, Senator McCain.
You know nothing. Just go home
Mccain talks a good game sez get military Da training, resources they need. except U voted wit Obama N Democrats 2 reduce military spending.
Mccain voted wit Democrats N against Republicans attempting 2 repeal N replace Obama care. Plus going against close friend Lindsey Ghram.
Tax cuts will bring more revenue To pay for the increase we need
Then you need to get rid of Donald Trump and his loonies.  They think they can fund the government with tax breaks.  Freedom isn't free.
I agree that we need to support the military, but don't need McCain to tell me.
I agree with you training is must but what if person like you is the head ,who is gone saving the life of Marine , you have taken many life no one trust you sir.
Haven't these ospreys had a history of problems from the start?
Impeach Trump now , before he destroys 
America!
Maybe if Republicans has worked with Obama then Congress wouldn't have put the sequestration in place & the military would have been funded.
How about ALL Of CONGRESS working together for country not boycotting b//c of hate for one person and therefore the country!!!?
Another victim of Obama era cuts to military materiel, maintenance and training programs.Thank you@SenJohnMcCain for all you do.
Well the new president is in charge now Will, he need to get busy to change it.
We spend 600 billion a year on the military. Where the hell does that money go?
McCain+ r u really this horrible?My friends&I supported ur run for president & we are all ashamed of you. So sick of govt cuz of men like u
Or maybe equipment that is less fancy and more usable?
#support-kurdistan
Or maybe you pulled some of your pranks and it blew up.
Where us all that money going? Military has about 1/2 the nations budget
Where do you get you numbers, out of the air, or where CNN gets theirs?
Better training might need better people. You're falling into the trap that Republicans charge Democrats of--everything needs more money.
Evert single young American must serve our country for 2 years after graduation of HS, College, Univ.! The world does and we are stupidos!
Maybe you're the last person to lecture on military accidents...I seem to recall there was an incident...just sayin'  Oh and please go away.
There is no reason for anyone to die in a training exercise.
No it's more evidence that we need term limits  how long have you been there ? MAGA
Guess PRESIDENT TRUMP was right military is going to hell b/c of old equipment need more money thanks Obama!!!!!
how many more billions do we need?

700?
800?
Джон Маккейн  герой и настоящий патриот США . Я восхищаюсь Вами . Дай бог Вам здоровья !
Your correct but first YOU need to act like a republican and support the GOP AND POTUS.!!!
John McCain is a hero and a true patriot of the United States. I admire him. God grant him health!
YES,AND GIVE THE POTUS SUPPORT
At $73 million an airplane it a example of government waste. The program should have been cancelled.
To bad you weren't on it.
Act $73 million dollars an aircraft the Osprey & McCain are a perfect example of government waste & burden taxpayer over burden.
Osprey program has long history of codt overrin, mismanagement & accidental death. Program should have been cancelled yesrs ago.
Hey Mr Swamp Dweller:  What have you been doing the last 20+ years in senate?  Go home to AZ.  U R FIRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have the deepest respect for you Senator. You are truly such an honorable man - standing in such sharp contrast to POTUS.(fellow )
Have there not been a disproportionate # of Osprey crashes? Every time I read of such an event—an Osprey seems to be the failing aircraft.
Osprey is a joke. Bad engineering and it shows its about crony capitalism instead of great machines.
And where have you been all these years for our vets...traitor!
It's a little premature to blame the pilots.
You were in when BO was in and did nothing while he cut military.Oh that's right your a traitor
No it's not. It's a sign that mechanical items sometimes have problems. It was the training of the crew that prevented deaths.
I agree. So why did you let Obama cut the military budget?  You were THERE.
Sure, we got the money for that?
There u go again John no idea the cause but run your mouth and do nothing. Continue to blame.
Holsters. Marine owned and the Devil to come up with your name is still a young business magnate, Christian Grey.
Sen McCain I'm praying for health and healing for you. God bless you and ypur family. The country needs you and is better for you being here
So u admit u suck as a pilot
It's a mechanical error, it's been the same type of aircraft lately.
Well, since you allowed the previous administration to cut military budgets. I guess you should look in a mirror. Don't blame Pres. Trump.
Perhaps we should get our Congress the proper training? 1 got paid $9M to stop OCare from being repealed. 1 broken promise/lie. Retire dirt
I am with you john mccain
Who's responsible for ensuring our all volunteer service members have the training and correct equipment that they need.
I totally agree Senator McCain.
More evidence you let our country down. You are on that committee! Your legacy is failure, America will FORGET you, they won't FORGIVE.
You do know all of America heard u talk about R&R ACA, and now wont as a tantrum against trump.  You know, that we know,right? #repealMcCain
You should make sure that the military industrial complex, gives us the best of the best for those overinflated prices they make the Gov pay
May have been a helo from VietNam era. Let's get our troops up to date fighting artillery and aircraft.
YOU WERE A TRUE AMERICAN HERO. THANKS FOR CORRECTING US.
You helped mess America up. It's so obvious now.
Can't things done with politicians like you. Don't re-elect this milker. Can't drain swamp with these suckers
THEY  WERE  PRAYING    FOR  JOHN MCCINAND THEY CRASHED  DOWN   AND CROACKED  SPLIT SPLAT  BOOM
Marines are continuing to be killed in Osprey Crashes. The cause is More than training. They should be grounded!
Agreed.
I get it, saying you're no war hero was wrong.  Voting for revenge and not what's good for your constituents should be traitorous. Congrats
Your a joke
Senator McCain, God bless you.
How many did you crash? No worries right? Cuz you had good health insurance right. No thanks to you America doesn't!
We must get health care fixed.......
John the time is nearing.  Ask God how do we defeat the antichrist?
Well you were never a good pilot either @SenJohnMcCain.
Please tell me this is just readiness. If this is sabotage, we need to shut it down. Get him out so we can survive to fight another day.
Need something more modern
This air craft has issues.
That aircraft was a huge waste of money...Living in Yuma during testing they were crashing every other day.
I think it's more proof of defense spending being squandered on sub standard flawed projects.
Another tragic crash from the beleagered Osprey, how many before it matches the Blackhawks record?!?
More evidence we need to get the heck out!! 17plus years in constant combat is too long
That Osprey has been a disaster since its inception.....how many have crashed due to engineering issues vs training ?? You are wrong again..
Where you piloting it?
Team strength is needed
Maybe even Pass a Health Care Bill so we can take care of them McCain?
Yeah, and you're to blame since you are a do nothing senator!
Maybe we could train by flying to PuertoRico Americans are dying

Bad design, everyone with brains has tried to end that aircraft!
And reliable equipment this copter was disaster from start
All you do is pat yourself on the shoulder or criticize! Please stop
If our military isn't given safe and updated equipment that are well maintained with the latest tools, they're being set up for failure.
We already spend most of our money on the military.  They need better management and oversight, not a black hole budget.
Your about to get recalled, you know that right.
Didn't you crash a military jet?

The Osprey is forever crashing.
Kurdistan
Would you fly the Osprey sir? With this aircraft I don’t think any amount of training will make a difference
Low Fruit
Well you haven't done anything all the years in office! That why everything went to HELL! Thanks for doing nothing all those years.
Hell you won't even vote to repeal the ACA for your voters as they heard you promise more than 13 times why should they care?
Got to watch out for those stingers!
Sad to hear this news - hasn't  been good lately for our military
You've done the right thing on the disastrous HC bill, please do the right thing again & do not confirm Ajit Pai for 5 more years!
McCain, you should thank Trump you have something to stay alive for...revenge
That's true, plus if he dies now he will have to face the Lord.  His heart seems cold and dark right now.
Yes because the $700 billion yearly budget is not good enough for that, right Senator?
Senator McCain what is going on?  My son deploys on a carrier next week and I'm more scared of our own Navy than anything!


How about this, quit military spending waste. We don't need more  THROWN AT THE MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX We need fiscal responsibility


One Vote Johnie step down.
kinda like when you dropped your ordinance on the aircraft carrier and 133 sailors died
Oh NO! Were there fatalities?
The Osprey is a death trap. Way too many crashes.
Our hearts are with the servicemen, families and friends
Any accident, no matter how small, is enough to cause great concern
Making assumptions based on no information. Investigation still underway but laying blame in training. Using CNN as a source? #loosingit .
Agree but this will not help
It shouldn't be there in the first place. You and O and Shill's mess you created trying to extend your reach where it didn't belong.
What... $600 billion dollars doesnt cover training? Where's the money going if not toward quality equipment or training?
frivolous contracts with inflated salaries out of range
Yep, I guess they can’t figure out how to use the 550 B they already get to make this work.
Dear John, you're a poster child for term limits, repeal of the 17th Amendment and your own resignation.
Phoenix VA in last place proof you let the vets down, nothing new. Do you use the VA, wait you have Cadillac insurance as US Senator.
We could do that if you'd stop obstructing & start governing. HC & tax reform now. Why do you keep playing into the Democrats hand?
What are you saying 700 billion isn't enough?
Pass a budget. Did you do that under Obama? You will do that under Trump.
Bigger budget perhaps?  Cause $700bn just isn't enough.
John McCain you must retire! Your "Songbird" habits are badly damaging the great American Society. Get medical treatment for mind & cancer.
And healthcare John and healthcare...remember healthcare? 
Had the privilege to ride them in Iraq. Always thought they were a great aircraft. So sorry for the Marines and their families.
Or evidence that the Osprey is a fragile aircraft. 3rd "hard landing" loss of an Osprey in less than a year.
Osprey sure seem to crash a lot
I can see were well-prepared to face the Russians and Chinese and No Koreans.
Don't listen to this brain dead #fool
Let's START by removing the senator's that lied to their voter's for SEVEN YEARS to REPEAL Obama Care. That would be John McCain. Resign.

Almost ten months under @POTUS. How many military accidents under 8 years of @POTUS44 .

(ps Thank you for you for continuing your service)
We need more evidence that you're @GOP #rino
No offense, but for $600 BILLION, more than twice the 2nd highest nations expenditures, money is not the problem.
How about cancelling and retiring the Osprey? It does not appear to be airworthy.
Senator, if we can afford $700 billion for defense, surely we have the money to extend CHIP & protect 9 million poor kids.
You should work for the National Safety Board.
Or build better helicopters.
Ground the Osprey. It is a death trap, always has been. It has killed far too many service members already. 

GROUND IT.
Voting without knowing the effects of a bill is ridiculous. Keep the CBO score requirement.
 RED ALERT: GOP BUDGET REPEALS THE REQUIREMENT FOR A CBO SCORE BEFORE A VOTE  https://twitter.com/davidckamin/status/913825150080110592 …
Do something then! Always the talker and obstructor, never the door. RETIRE Brutus
Senator, the CHIP program which ensures healthcare for 9 million kids runs out today. In 3 months, AZ will run out of funds.
Maybe if someone was on the armed forces committee they could have prevented the deterioration of our military.   Hhhmmmmmm
The Osprey. That things had so many problems they were making tv shows about its accidents 20 years ago. Maybe get a better aircraft?
How about we make you an instructor. I heard you're good at "CRASH AND BURN!"
Thank you John McCain for your service to our great Country and it's people. You rock
Why didn't you do this the last 8 years?
I'm perplexed as what hs happened 2 trng standards
This bird has been defective from day one. Bad acquisition!
Can we finnaly accept that the Osprey was not a good idea and stop giving Boeing and Bell money for this death trap?
Billions going to expensive ships and planes, while a fraction of that would improve so much the training and conditions of the people.
ppl are saying that a bloated military budget is enriching contractors and weapons makers at the expense of training and quality supplies.
Yes, why don't you help the president to get that done.
Perhaps you should go back to Syria to hang out with your ISIS buddies.
Please pass a health bill Senator McCain. You've been talking about it for 8 years. Now you can do it. Pass a bill sir. Please.
@SenJohnMcCain Did Russia attack our diplomats in Russia? And now @SenatorLankford is applauding Trump's effort to squash lifting embargo?
More evidence that YOU didn't do your job the last 8 year. Why ?
If you knuckleheads cut the other areas of waste in spending. So much waste.
Already being done without your input McCain. POTUS does not need your help or you. Go vote no in Australia.
