YOU are in Washington. Will you PLEASE do YOUR JOB. I am one of your constituents in AZ. You have supported Trump's actions every step of...
The way with your votes in the Senate. Your JOB is NOT to be Trump's YES-MAN.
First: idiots crying muh Russia that dont give a damn of Hillary selling uranium to Russia in pay for play, so that Russia can now nuke (1/1
Not world police take your meds
I wonder why that is, Senator? The WH is occupied by a criminal regime aided and abetted by a compliant Republican Congress. Talk is cheap!
Balkan crisis started when America came in with democratic bombs.
You are not a judge to decide whether I know or not.The entire mess started with American bombs in Yugoslavia, Libya, Syria, Iraq...
If the US will not take proper action ASAP situation will be horrible once again in the Balkan region. Unfortunately we didn't learn nothing
Thats because we are too busy inviting murderers to the WH
UNWELCOME GUEST? Trump invites controversial Philippines leader Duterte to White House http://fxn.ws/2qmDeoB  via @foxnewspolitics
That's because Tillerson is sh*t at running the @StateDept & wants to kill it off entirely for Putin
I admired your recent visit but until some clear blue water is put between US policy and Soros's personal crusades noone will get very far
Why is SUSAN RICE not charged, why are you colluding with the left ifyou say you are Republican, you are part of the swamp that needsdrained
Dear Johnny it's you again ! Is this a great albania project of 53. us states & 1. one @ europe !? Nice try.
You love a good war.. a good conflict.
How many hostile engagements do you want simultaneously? And all without worry for the curtailment of liberty at home?
Mr McCain. Please focus on important issues at home.  We need your help investigating the issues with Trump and Russia.  What is going on ?
Why are so many Trump people meeting with Russians , then lying about it.  Manafort, Sessions, Flynn and many others are dirty.
Why are so many of Trumps associates foreign agents working for Russia .  What is all this Russia shit ?  Please do something.
Manafort is the scum of the earth.  He would sell his sister on the streets of Moscow to make some extra Rubles.  Manafort is so damn dirty.
Trump is very involved in this Russian conspiracy.  Trump is so damn dirty.  You have got to do something. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Thank you for your leadership!
What is your Point, John? You are a US Senator. Focus on your job first, please!
Why don't worry about your state's borders
Secondly:  Here you go McCain trying to start a war with Russia to make the globalists happy.  TRAITOR.  We WILL NOT fight Russia, period
Well, I guess y'all are going to have to lead your Trump horse to the water and shove his head in the pond to make him drink!
Republicans hold ALL 3 chambers of Fed Gov. We don't need an oped, we need your leadership and bravery.
How namy NGOs are stirring up trouble or making mischief there?
WAR MONGER     Mc Cain
RUSSIA.
HILLARY URANIUM
Like last time .. our trusty global policeman (USA) was on dinner break while hideous crimes against humanity were committed. Meh ..
New bff russia 2 tell trumputin what 2 do about it? Normalization of treason & assimilation 2 russian leadership is interesting
U failed 
So DO SOMETHING! What the hell is wrong with the GOP? Or are you all Comrades now? #isupportanindependenttrumprussiaprobe
The Punk we call out president doesnt even know where the Balkins are. May you can help him.
John he can't handle more than one thing at a time and only when he's not golfing.  John from a fellow Vietnam vet get him out before we die
Maybe true or maybe it's a distraction from the non-investigation of Russia's tampering with our election. #Donttrustyouanymore #complicit
Don't interfere with the internal affairs of sovereign nations John, think about your Arizona matters
Trump busy talking about Obama that's where he is busy.No WH press briefing goes without mentioning Obama. Is Obama the power behind Trump?
Sir, where are you to be seen on S.66. Tax cuts for billionaires is ok, as long as disabled vets can't collect their earned retirement!
WHO IMPORTANT TODAY ?? THE BALKANS??? OR N KOREA..DO BALKANS  MISSALS AIMED AT US?.YER IN WAS. AND ARE SEEN  DO SOMETHING! TWEET WILL NOT DO
Very pleased/Town Hall meeting concerning this area. Our Eastern European countries Need our support. Glad your such a stanch supporter.
Indeed US presence is needed there too.
certainly don't need u there. Each country u visit turns to shit
When John McCain looks out over this vast world he sees "targets"
Why don't you insist that the Trump Admin staff the State Dept. That would be a start.
Can you see drafting these snowflakes? We no longer have a draft pool that is capable or willing to defend this country. Get head out of A$$
Serbian terrorist want a new war
Senator, please stop chewing your cud and go after Trump with all you have. You won't say on your deathbed I should have done less!
How about you make some more public comments that sound patriotic and intelligent, then go vote the party line.
I think it's great that you're highlighting this senator. it's great that you like to complain and shout and then vote along party lines.
Every damn time.
True! Do you know how many times thousands of Arizona teachers called his office to vote no on Devos and he did it anyway
ARRGGGHHH! NOT OUR BUSINESS! STAY AWAY!
for christ sake! have you seen a conflict you DON'T want to send in the navy/air force and marines!?
McCain has never seen a conflict that he doesn't want the US to be right in the middle of. Senator War Fetish.
@ Like the entire GOP is nowhere to be seen on actively opposing & holding Trump accountable.
My oped in @washingtonpost @DemocracyPost: "The Balkans are heating up again & Washington is nowhere to be seen" https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/democracy-post/wp/2017/04/27/the-balkans-are-heating-up-again-and-washington-is-nowhere-to-be-seen/?utm_term=.b6ed9297621e …
Wake them up Senator.
Our Pres has ADD he can not pay attention
You just want a WAR, SOMEWHERE............Well, we don't.
Hi! I'm not mad at you anymore. 
Move there join them help them be their hero. Criticize them
Yes child, I'm watching, listening and taking notes. There will be a special place for the greedy, gluttons & "evil doers"  in my fire pit.
Trump attacks McCain: 'I like people who weren't captured'
We need to put an end to all wars. That is the only way humans will survive thousands of years into the future. Life is fair, man is not
The corruption you accept in the WH has consequences. #Trumprussia
No when in the Oval-Office you've a White Supremasist-type having one ear of @POTUS & colleagues with Russian business ties having the other
I really wish you would do something, rather than talk a good game. Congress need to reclaim power over war decisions.
Y don't you go represent so u can find out how much youre going to make off another war/conflict
And what say you about Venezuela?
Because your boss is a corrupt TRAITOR and the only thing worse than that is YOU KNOW IT and you are DOING NOTHING ABOUT IT!?!
Europe's & #UNHCR's brutality, barbarism & wildness towards #Refugees know no borders. Pls somebody help me out with these dangerous people.
Don't bother with clicking the link. It's a paid ad. @SenJohnMcCain gets a cut.  @USAGSessions please investigate. Illegal payments.
@UNHCRGreece After its own misdirection as well as 1.5 years of systematic delays to all my appeals is now just awaiting me to go to coma.
Too busy trying to keep up with that chaotic ass of a president. And, why aren't you still screaming re Russia?  Have they got u now, too?
#UNHCR Is not assisting in either way. Already fooled me once. Can't do it again. Pushing to stay in #GrSwamp for exploitation purposes. NO.
All needed is to get assistance for submitting a #Resettlement application or to be directed to the nearest #UNHCR office which does that.
you've got bigger problems with the Pres.He's clueless with itchy trigger finger mostly to deflect! Don't feel comforted by 2 good generals!
First, tell him who, what, where r/t Balkans & maybe he will invite some leaders to golf & choc cake
Need help for #Resettlement. Have a #Refugee status. Yet had to take hunger strike for a humane response, not coma!
39-days of hunger strike at @UNHCRGreece office. The Organization is not responding. EU is even killing its recognized #refugees. @cochetel 
Too bad it's in wapo. Don't read it anymore since they pay JJ McCullough to write fake news.
And out dumb-fuck @POTUS is still learning on the job... God help us all!
Well that's what happens when all you do is talk tough then back 45* every opportunity you get.
You make noises of concern, Senator, and then you vote for everything Trump wants, including the current Sec. of State.
Wait, does trump have a property there? That would make him more interested!
You know we have Russian agent as President. Everything in Steele Dossier is true. You have no credibility now.We have an illegitimate Prez.
If only Antifa's smoke bombs were that colorful, they wouldn't look so dreary. #FabulousAnarchy #McCainSanders2020 #BipartisanCurious #Bark
DO YOUR JOB.  #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION #Trumprussia #Impeach45
Do something!! You know Team Trump is full of criminal traitors. Speak up! Stand up for what is right!
Truth must be told, the right must prevail.
U know what else is nowhere to be seen? Your integrity - voted 4 Trump swamp appts & voted nuclear option U called idiotic #TrumpRussia
It's well
Well, it's not like the Balkans have ever exploded into a violent conflict that recalled the worst days of WW2... waaaaaaait. 
The Balkans are heating up and the Europeans are planning their August paid vacation. Why in hell cant they take care of their own ?
So Mr McCain's answer should be : bomb & bomb ,kill&kill , death & more death result more refugees
You are actively allowing treason. Until you can be the patriot you WERE and step up against this for an #independentinvestigation, stop
You are part of the problem.
You know where else Washington isn't seen? Not seen putting together an Independent Special Council on Russiagate to get traitors out of WH.
A Balkan here a Balkan there. Pretty soon it adds up to a real country.
Trump has enough on his hands without u running around finding new issues 2 deal with.Where were u while O was doing nothing ?@MeghanMcCain
Time for the "secret plan "
Ughhh
Sen McCain, please push for Independent COMMITTEE TrumpRussia. Right thing to do.
Good Friday, Sen.John McCain
How many wars of foreign aggression can you simultaneously advocate??
At least they don't have pay walls in the Balkans
