Why don't you focus on this John instead of chasing Christian Russians around with a pitchfork.
Foreign and domestic. Look around dick.
u know isis personally
I agree he has no heart family look what he did to his first family the lying cheat he has no respect for anyone

How are we going to defeat a radicalized ideology? How can we work together to solve these problems?? Tell us. How do we unite and learn?
Then support the President. Or does that not put money in ur pocket?
Sorry but to say Isis is not a threat compared to Russia shows your out of touch.
Thanks for your thoughts and prayers.  Please retire and move to Russia.!!
You, stand with everyone but the President! Always phony you are.
You are an ... go away I'm sure u r not seeking reelection or you would not be so outspoken it's obvious you and your daughter against REPS!
Does that mean you stand with the President?
Practice what you preach and get on board, Mr. McCain!
What do u really do in congress?
We don't trust U at all! Your last move with HRC taking out Gaddafi was a disaster. You oversee the VA and left a trail of dead VET bodies!
Great talking points.  What exactly are you going to DO about it?
Thoughts & Prayers to families! The 9th circuit courts & Democrats, hope they haven't already allowed this too be setup in our country!
What won't you stoop to to manipulate a budget line for Military expansion? That's right- poor/sick/powerless Citizens of our Nation!
Unleash the hounds. Our junkyard dogs can do the job if you let them win.
You are just a sore loser and stop being an #Obstructionists no one listens to!
R u actually gonna do something besides being saddened?
Pence is a religious radical
yes, but we need younger leaders- Retire Geezer.
Condolences are fine now what are you doing about it !?!
If you had any heart, you would quit attacking our President who is trying to prevent this! Get over your grudge!
Did George Soros give you the okay to say that ?
Your disgusting! Get over it! #MAGA
Bitter partisanship and Party over Country politics MUST go. Do what's best for the American people and not those holding puppet strings
I look at you, @SenJohnMcCain, as one of the few (both sides) who has a shred of morality left. Prove me right.
We have our differences, as I would have with any, but you still have my respect.
Then stand behind your President.
I know you're chomping at the bit @POTUS Discretion is the better part of valor. @USArmy @USNavy @usairforce @USMC Sit tight boys & girls.
@NationalGuard #ThankYou @USCG You'll get your chance. @USNavyEurope
How many more people will be killed with the weapons Donnie just agreed to sell to Saudi Arabia?
Yes it does as I am sad in my spirit today over what happened, and I am so very sorry because I the United Kingdom.
One word: RETIRE
Saudi Arabia Madrasahs are Breeding ground of ISIS & Al-Qaida. Stop selling weapons to them
#Manchester
You won't even stand united for the Republicans or President of the US, you TRAITOR!  We ask you to STEP DOWN! Help the GOP by leaving!
I concur
ohh  really??so  why  does  US  sell  weapons  to  Saudi?can you  explain?
Hey John when will you be blaming President Trump for this?  That's your bag.
Trump will make this worse. Dump him and the administration.
Inspirational finally someone with a brain
16 years into the war on terror and the world is not any more safe than 2001.  Can we please have a comprehensive strategy that works?!
But this make require standing united with the "thug" and his "stooges." It is a question of priorities, Senator. Where are yours?
Then support r president and let him do his job and shut up
Our hearts? You have a heart? Couldnt tell from the way you conduct yourself towards our nation and President.
Your wars caused the refugees John.  They need to go back.  You should go too.
This is collateral damage in Soros's world.
John you did take money from him
Sen. John McCain, Good Tuesday Morning
The CENTER need to start standing united against BOTH extremes.
Right #NotLeftNotRightJustAmerican
Sorry, Senator. Standing together will not make a heck of a difference when we are dealing with people committed to kills us all.
u must retire
