Just because you do not agree does not make it fake news....
Don't be blinded. You can do your own research and see the truth.
I don't need to explain how a news station works to you. But please do not claim something is fake just because u do not agree.
Obama is no longer President. Also I do not rely on mainsteam media to get my information/news. The info is there.
Bullshit! San Juan port is full of supplies & aid for Puerto Rico but the union port truck drivers are on strike & refusing to deliver it.
There are no strikes. This is the real "Fake News" being spread around on the internet. There are still bad roads and low fuel
There is a strike. You're trying to spread disinformation but it won't work. Too much proof is already out there.
Where is the proof?
Here's your favorite CNN. They're not telling the whole story but at least they're not lying about it like you.
Here's the rest of the story...
Meshing 2 different stories and using biased alt-right news as a source is fake news.
The Teamsters are actually looking for drivers to help
What are you lying for??? The Jones act was waived in less than 24 hours after requested...
Don't you think it's time to support POTUS/party
It was waived for *10 DAYS*. The recovery will take months if not years. #EducateYourself
Trump can't change the laws only congress can
EUDUCATE YOURSELF
Did you just yell at someone to educate themselves with all caps “Euducate?” Why yes. I think you did.
I was responding to them as they were to me. For your info.
For your info, it’s “educate.” One u only. Hope that helps!
Whatever
I didn't know about the Jones act until now, thanks.
I have a few questions.
Why would congress ask POTUS to waive law?
Not Constitutional.
Why would congress then allow DHS head to ACTUALLY waive law?
The ONLY way to "waive" law is for congress to repeal law and POTUS to sign.
If law has been in place since 1920, then how long has Senator Mc Cain, former NAVY pilot, known the people of PR have been paying double?
Speaking of paying double, why does it take a disaster for you to tell the people this?
Have they not been paying double all along?
If Jones Act applies to ALL U.S. ports, then aren't you saying that in 1920 the Federal gov. created a monopoly for sole purpose of revenue?
Therefore, doesn't that mean that ALL Americans are paying double so congress can spend due to Jones act & you've done nothing for decades?
Not the teamsters union demanding more money instead moving all the relief out of ports?
Senator, you have proven yourself to be a #globalistpuppet. The Brits & everyone else want FREE access to dump into #PuertoRico. Smarten Up!
Ashamed to say he comes from Arizona
Aside from helping us with the repeal of the jones act, help us get the means to vote for the US president. With 3.4 million americans livin
In puerto rico without the ability to vote for president, i assure you that trump or any other President will be fast to respond next time
Puerto Rico has 78 Towns with 78 Mayors, and only San Juan and its Mayor are being reported and interviewed. #TherestofthePRisland
Dear Senator McCain: I can't believe that you & @SenMikeLee want the waiver permeant when your own GAO found that it is insignificant. So, for the ACA repeal the GAO is significant but for the Jones Act is not? You follow the GAO or you don't. Don't do shortcuts for convenience.
Alex, seems you have a hidden agenda. I lived most of my life in PR and very well know the effects & results that law has had on PR.
H
Ridiculous! Lack of proper planning for relief supplies distribution is strangling the recovery.  US ships were plentiful.  Noxious political theater.
That’s why #PuertoRico is so much in debt!
Corrupt politicians, unions are STRANGLING PUERTO RICO. A Police Officer tells here. https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s  @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr MAGA
John McCain continues to be a heroic figure, that speaks truth! Best wishes to you and your family ! Payers for s full recovery! Absolutely
Right about Jones act strangling efficiency , and fortifies a shipping industry monopoly ! Trump took 8 days to waive for PR not Fl or Tx !?
#not true #McCain has been trying for years to do this #politisizing a #disaster
Absolutely correct!

Yes it is @realDonaldTrump
who do not want to see it go away. Is am counting on you and your colleagues to do the right thing and push a side special interests.
Senator McCain it has been swallowing us hole since before my and my mother time. US companies charge sometimes triple of what US mainland
your a swamp creature
You have been a senator for 30, if you care about PR so much, why you did not acted before? Support our President NOW
paids for goods. We need to get rid of it for good or our recovery will be slow and painful. US aid has been peddling to certain companies
We must fight to eliminate this for good and make Puerto Rico #51st
You ran on repealing Obamacare, and you lied. 
You're a traitor to your country, and an embarrassment to the USA.
The man's a war hero & great, lifelong civil servant, who is fighting aggressive brain cancer, & you call him a traitor?! Because he insists
on a good health care bill that's formed under regular order & properly debated, that's not the demands of a traitor, but of a good senator.
He's a liar and a traitor
I assume you're talking about Donald?
It's lifted any good word re it? It's possible things weren't well in PR Bfore Storm? More help on way n help is there. What will u do2 help
You know what needs to be done. You can see death, starvation for nation you swore to protect. Pls lead the impeachment. More will follow U
I thought that was the reason the Jones Act was hanging in there.  Thank you for educating us!  I fully support draining this swamp!
Gee- I wonder what a long time Senator could do about Squashing the #JonesAct ?  Might he introduce legislation to end it? #Concept
Brilliant idea!
We appreciate you, and pray for you and your family. Thank you for your service to all of us, and the honor with which you work.
You r the swamp
"Help Us We Are Dying" [on a continuum] ~#SanJuanMayor is starving PR while food & meds rot in containers.  https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/914615047300755456/video/1 …
I think there’s a swamp creature in the Oval Office strangling Puerto Rico.
There is no good reason to strangle Puerto Rico or Hawaii with this costly tariff. This is the typical death spiral CAUSED by sabotage
Dear McCain,I’m begging u to do the right thing for this country.I never hated the gop until this year.I used to listen & have rational fact based discussions.Why is party so much more important than country?
My favorite memory of u was when u ran for president against Obama,who I supported,and u refused to cast untruths about his birth place or race in front of ur supporters.Where did that hero go?
God Bless You Senator and speedy recovery. Thank You from a Puerto Rican veteran.
You don't care about people.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You trying to make Trump look bad again?  Acting like you care about PR?  I remember when you acted like you cared about people of Arizona
Sen McCain we all know Trump not releasing waiver 9days ago caused hardships that shouldn't have happened he w/not do what u suggest #MADATU
Bullshit, without Jones Act Puerto Rico will become a massive welfare burden on the US taxpayet.Jones Act allowed US to recoup some revenue.
This needs to be scrapped for PR, HI, AK. It’s an inefficient anachronism.
Bless you Sen. McCain.
Trump is doing a great job of assisting in strangling Puerto Rico too. Please please do something about his inability to lead the country.
So what is the name the bill u r sponsoring to change that
BS. Unions at ports strangling PR.
trump said he would waive it, but is it?
Than you.
Thank you for voicing this matter, that everyone knows in congress but no one had care about it. We appreciate your support!
How Jones Act is delaying aid to PR @SenBlumenthal @AGSchneiderman @SenateDems @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein
Strangling Hawaii also
The major stumbling block is FEMA's lack of planning to get the relief supplies out of port.  Trucks, drivers, fuel, hasty road repair, etc. PR is known for not caring for themselves.
No, the Orange Butt Plug is the swamp creature that's strangling #PuertoRico but the real question is Senator, what are you doing about it?
Thank you SenMcCain you are the only Rep. I still trust
PR is afforded all the rights as a territory as Louisiana was during Katrina. Feds can’t just go take over. The gvnr still need to request
Fulfill your promise. Repeal and replace Obamacare.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for continuing to bring attention to this matter
Racism is Satan's spirit and POC are being targeted whenever possible
Do something about the jones act your a good men,  oh one more thing trump  give back millions of tax $$$ he own Puerto Rico that crook!
No it's Not.  The Mayor of San Juan is refusing to allow the aid to go to her people.
Troll

You need to retire, you are a big paper of the swamp
Brain dead John thinks getting supplies to PR is a problem. They are swamped with containers stuffed with water food and medical supplies!
Trump supporters are gullible
Oh the irony!
You’re a swamp in the senate sa well
You have only had about 30 years to change this. Also manage Puerto Rico's long term decline.  You are such a vengeful person it shocks me
U.S. Navy’s 31 amphibious ships ;nine amphibious RELIEF ships of Tarawa and Wasp classes can carry helicopters SUPPLIES like mini Carriers.
John McCain is the ONLY swamp creature I see in this..the more brain is removed, the more liberal his thoughts...
The Jone Act was waived for Florida BEFORE it hit - what took so long with Maria?
Favorably Puerto Rico becomes 51st US State. Integration would improve infrastructure and emergency processes.
There is a lot of all bills and policies so old in the file cabinets, let's do a major clean up!
Takes a swamp creature like you to see that swamp creature, or is this a mccainism aka, a lie.
nah, shit got bad in taipeh /#
Congress and the Senate should visit the #JonesAct. Who are the ultimate beneficiaries? is it working or not?
Yes it is working. No it is not hurting P.R.
#JonesAct not hurting P.R. relief efforts, here's why:
http://facebook.com/ben.swan.98/po …
Shut up half brain RINO McCain
@SenJohnMcCain  I know you see as the whole entire world see ! Impeach Trump . How can the GOP work with the devil? And ask God forgiveness
Trump already suspended this law
Globalist McCain is a traitor weasel who has no credibility left. RETIRE!!!
You are as bad as a democrat,  never let a crisis go to waste. Wait,  you are a closet democrat
JOHN "YOU" ARE THE SWAMP!!! The american people all know you are supported by soros...stop pretending....retire...
He has been in Washington for 28 years now at this point in time "THE JONES ACT" is your point of concern. Trump is  President thank God
The swamp creature aka Trump.
So much surrounding Trump is swamp creatures!
Plz deal w that. Also, deal with #CHIPexpiredSept30 while you're at it, Senator. Our children don't deserve to be ignored.
Yes, there is absolutely no excuse for letting the CHIP Program expire!! So many children across this country are without health care today!
we must protect the children at any cost
Thanks for fighting for repeal of Jones Act all your career. Not sure why congress hasn't backed legislation you introduced to repeal it.
@SenJohnMcCain is a swamp creature
Volunteers were cleaning the flooding while the terrifying hurricane was rambling the island. They were taking care of elderly+ working hard
You are the swamp creature #traitormccain  #PuertoRico
The biggest BUM can't wait until Satin takes him back to hell.... he took money from terrorist so he is making hell on earth 4 Americans
The morning after Maria. 2 of the 3 roads out of the evacuation hotel was blocked by trees wrapped in power lines. Locals at first light
No way!  This has to do with foreign ships and they aren't being affected since our ships are providing the help.
Educate yourself first. The US merchant marine is one of the most expensive and inefficient fleets in the world.
You're the worst swamp creature. Retire.
Been there since 1920,why are you just now addressing it. To blame, Trump of course. You sicken me.,

thank you @SenJohnMcCain for speaking up about this!
Takes one to know one.
The unhinged racism of the drump is on full display & it ain't pretty! This SUCKS!
If you get rid of the Jones Act you get rid of  the entire American maritime industry. Foreign labor driving barges up our inland waterways.
Do Something!!! Our Representatives R sitting & doing Nothing!!! HELP our Citizens whose homes & communities have been Ravaged by hurricanes
Retire soon !
@allenvollbrecht @USATODAY Sorry John the only swamp creatures strangling Puerto Rico is Trump and the Republican Party.
trumps saying it is their fault, #infrastructure... All I know is I was there, that wind would have blown anyone's telephone polls over. 98%
Why was Jones act lifted in 2 days for Harvey?? #WhiteHouseGuy said it wasn't needed. We didn't have ships there + wouldn't let others in???
You're my Hero John.
Really? You accusing something of being a swamp creature lol? Take a look in the mirror Mcshame
John, if you cannot be part of the solution go home, nobody wants to hear from you.
Shutup McCain, your an embarrassment to all who voted for you. Retire so we can get someone in office who will Support the POTUS
Not anymore McCain, go vote no in Australia

A swamp creature calling something else a swamp creature, hahaha . Put out your own healthcare bill song bird.
Thank you senator McCain for being willing to speak up and our
Welcome back to being a real maverick! Keep telling the truth and doing the right thing for Americans.
Bitter John McCain in his last term has nothing to lose by breaking promises. No legacy left & will not be remembered as a hero. Liar. #MAGA
Hey johnny congress passes laws .   how about you quit tweeting and do your job
Says  the swamp king himself. Give me a break senator!
Thanks Sen McCain for tweeting this !
McCain is a Soros paid liar. Port is full with 1000's of aid containers. Truck drivers are the problem not ships. McCain is a Traitor to PR.
USA won wars w/ industrial might. Take away coal mines, steel mills, ship yards, aircraft factories & USA vulnerable. Soros' plan to end USA
You are a swamp creature too!
NO ONE GIVES A CRAP WHAT YOU THINK!
Here's that strong blonde woman in front of all the supplies she says she doesn't have.
Cops on the radio in PR saying she is doing it on purpose.
I’m sure u will fix it...like u repealed Obama care.  Blah blah blah
Astounding irony: McCain calling something a swamp creature while he epitomizes "swamp" and is the term-limits poster child. #DrainTheSwamp
Please focus on AZ healthcare. Work with flake to improve out options and lower costs. Start really Reading your letters and email. #AZFIRST
You #McCain are a disgraceful evil little man. How do you look at yourself in mirror?!
#DrainTheSwamp #FANNIEGATE PLEASE stop the shareholder abuse
Please resign John.
Please spend some time on#FANNIEGATE. STOP GOVERNMENT ABUSE OF SHAREHOLDERS
.@AP @WSJ @NatashaBertrand @business #MSM #GOPisDEADMEAT @MoveOn @Shareblue @HuffPost @dailykos @votevets @iava @VFW @starsandstripes #p2
Impeach Trump! The most dangerous thing to the United States !
ABC reported on Sep 28 2017 that TR said ‘We have a lot of shippers that don’t want the JONES Act lifted...!’  #Justhefacts EB
Thank you...and BTW where are the russian sanctions...still in the drawer I see...GOP going to do nothing!?Bill is passed..
Facts corruption has killed Puerto Rico...not us
SEE @CarmenYulinCruz @AJVicena JUST UP FROM @SenJohnMcCain 
Must-read @USATODAY: "#JonesAct is a swamp creature
It only limits us port to port traffic.  Other dhips can still bring supplies.  From other countries
Thank you John...a 65% tariff on fellow Americans is something we should have ditched a long time ago.
Sen McCain you are the  swamp creature you been there to long you must go
Sir, you have honored our country all your life and we need you now to call for impeachment of this monster be fore he kills more Americans
Did trump fuck a intern in the oval office and stuck a cigar in her pussy then lied to us saying he never did it? What did Trump do?
Impeach trump.
For what? Hurting you feelings? Fuck you snowflake.
Thank You @SenJohnMcCain ! #WeCare PRico & US Virgin Isles Just off the phone w my family -NO Phones, NO Mail! Need GENERATORS & Techs NOW
So how were you on the phone with your family?
Agree. Unbelievably,as if the hurricane crisis wasn't enough,what can be done about Trump's NK tweets?
Please please please introduce 25th amendment or articles of impeachment we are in danger from an unhinged president
What did Trip do to get impeached? Did he fuck a intern in the oval office and stuck a cigar in her pussy? Then did he lie about it? Fuck u
Puerto Rico needs more than 10 day waiver of Jones Act. Rebuilding will take months, years.
One more attempt to kill American jobs and workers before you go?
Did he seriously JUST do this?  Why was this not an immediate response?! Those poor, poor people.
The #SWAMP is #OverFlowing and America #Paying for the #Flood We need a #Dam #Wall Around the #SWAMP @GOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @FoxNews
Please help remove Trump. He is dangerously unfit.
No it's not. Such an exaggeration. Its the mismanagement of a bankrupt state. Run up the debt/No infrastructur/Entitlements led to this.
Talking about bankrupt ... trump left Puerto Rico holding his $33 million debt for his bankrupt golf course. That  could go a long way now.
The swamp man can read!  You and your cronies, on both sides of the aisle, are infinitely worse than the Jones Act.  #cleanhousenextelection
Have to coordinate w lawful authority as they can't just pull in and do who knows what
@SenJohnMcCain SenJohnMcCa You are truly our America's Hero. Why is TRUMP being allowed to get away with murder? #impeachpresidentforPR
I know PR comes first. But please for the will of God, start the #Impeachment process. Trump has to go.
Did Trump fuck a intern in the oval office and lie?  You realise the democrats will need a majority of votes and a reason for impeachment.
From one swamp creature to another?
Do u see what Trump os tweeting abt rex tillerson & NK. Stop this monster shut him up. God damn it do something. @SenJohnMcCain
I am praying for a speedy return Sen McCain you are the voice of reason in all of this chaos. Your country needs you now more than ever!
A traitor brings up swamp creatures that dwells in the swamp, how rich.
I read this months ago about the JonesAct and we need to kill it now. If @GOP wants to do anything productive for Puerto Rico, kill it NOW!
Head swamp monster McCain, turns out you're bitter and vindictive. Think before you insult rivals. MAGA!!!
Could not agree more.  We've been using Puerto Rico like a piggy bank for too long.
Thank you Senator for speaking up for fellow Americans while Trump spends another weekend golfing.
FACT Regulatory requirements for US vessels> insurance, safety, crews, EPA regs enforced on US Flagged vessels but not on foreign=high cost
Hey @SenJohnMcCain You rhinos cause the disparity. Put US companies in unfair position to compete.
Thank you for speaking out
Huh. Rather than draining the old one, DC swamps have been multiplying under @realDonaldTrump. Swamps in the air, too! #SwampFlyersAct
Thank you for your continued support for the people of PR, Senator.
get rid off this Act @SenJohnMcCain and help #MAGA
Its a law you passed, fool.
Very good article. TY for your efforts. Couldn't help but wonder how all old laws on the books, aren't up for review. Times & needs change.
Work to overturn this archaic rule now
