In other words, John McCain will vote yes on bill anyway! New motto for him is: Talk tough, do nothing! Medicaid will be gutted but so what.
How did you get that from that statement?
When he votes yes for Trumps agenda like he does every time, I will laugh at your gullibility.
Get better so you can get back to Washington and give us billionaires a tax cut. Screw the poor elderly and middle class. They can starve
Only 11 days ago u were ready to "return to regular order...receive input from senators of both parties" I hope you stand by your statement
Correction #2: The AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (ACA) has saved lives of millions of Arizonian's. So, you're lying about how evil it is (that is lie)
Extraordinary details on how John McCain got dirty dossier from ex-spy http://dailym.ai/2jctJHh  via @MailOnline
Also, two corrections: #1. It is called the Affordable Care Act (ACA). There is no bill that exists that is called Obamacare.
STOP giving ILLEGALS benefits and maybe we could afford better healthcare!VA Hospital isn't good enough for you JOHNNY BOY??????
DEFEND WOMAN FROM DAILY THREAT TO KILL UNBORN IN WOMB, DEPRIVATION OF RIGHT TO ACCESS COURTS, TO BREAK DOWN DEFENSE TO SUICIDES PROVOKING
SUICIDES PROVOKING VOYEURISM
UNTIL THE OBAMA RIGGED, DEEPLY RIGGED VOYEURISM, TURNED REPEATED RAPE & ABORTION UNDER COMA - AS ENTERTAINMENT ENDS -
HOW COULD ANYONE IMAGINE AN END TO OPIOID CRISIS which is a numbing method to hide guilt about perjuring for Obama.
AMERICA is UNDER SEIGE BY OVERHANGING - LONG AGO PLANNED OBAMA TRAPS - NOW BEING REVEALED TO TRAP US USA DEEPER INTO COMA OF CONSCIENCE
When I was a junior in College, & UK announced returning HK to China, my thoughts were just like Liu
Liu a few decades later
NOW, I see the biggest threat to democracy in China is no longer what Liu envisioned
I was under the impression providers are fleeing the marketplace because Trump announced the dissolution of Obamacare
Not exactly..they were fleeing before trump..designed to fail for single payer
Can you show my a report of a original ACA provider leaving the program before Trump's run?
Please defend women's right to be free from sex harassment &voyeurism from home & property,from art insemination rape after DRUGGED comatose
All Congress needs to be covered under government health care. No premium package deal.
Waiting for the amendment process to address this bill's inequalities will not work. Vote NO & push bipartisan bill for all Citizens.
Just say NO to #partyovercountry & ACHA, no to McConnell. Stand up for the people - show integrity.

BTW Mayo Clinic's Excellence started in MN not AZ.
So U support Obamacare's continued race to mediocrity? What a JOKE!
Health Insurance Premiums in Arizona went up because healthcare costs have risen AND insurers want massive profits.
Once again! Just switched2 Dem and leave RNC to feel better about your votes while dissing our President-@FoxBusiness @FoxNews @CNNPolitics
OOPS!  Meant McCain should switch to DEM - not me!! strong @POTUS supporter from day 1 & still a Republican! Bye McCain!
JUST VOTE NO.  Then work diligently and openly to improve the ACA
Stand up to mc Connell stop bullying  and demand hearings and bi partisan involvement. Stop talking to show u can be on the record and act!
Your final chapter of service to America is written. You were bought and paid, complicit and guilty, silent to the GOP Russian invasion.
do what you and the other republicans promised to do, repeal and replace or suffer the consequences in 2018.
Do not support this bill revised or not. It is bad for the majority of Americans.
Self serving statement. Just how stupid are the people of AZ?
This rino lies about everything
Repeal Obamacare now. Let the free market work. McCain get on board or get out of the way.
Fix the ACA and forget this terrible bill.
Since I can't reach your office, please advise on how to sign up for congressional healthcare. Thousands would love to have your coverage.

you're a coward posing as an American hero
Should have worked with Dems all along. This is a plan framed by 13 Repubs behind closed doors.
Healthcare should be just like auto insurance...catastrophic only.  Senators need same care as us...then the'd understand.
Question:ask yourself McCain, even w/ your amendments & knowing you have "other" healthcare would you want this plan for your family ?
Now he's taking credit for what the "state legislature" has done!
GOP has politicized ACA ad nauseum, so have you. After 8 yrs your party has nothing but you will vote yes on this because that's what you do
Inconceivable you support this healthcare process,it's destruction of Medicaid, you want amendments for AZ-what about the country ?
Making #TaxBreaks happen to rich investment bankers while we spiral deeper and faster into debt is bad for America
No matter what you say or how many times you say it the only reason Obama Care is failing is because Republicans want it to
Disappointed
Please repeal ACA. Get the bill to the floor for debate; need our Senate to WORK, discuss, do the job we voted them to do. WORK
"Russian dossier", you're a traitor to the Party
Vote NO on proposed Healthcare Bill!
To this I say there is no room for ifs. Vote "NO" on the proposed Healthcare Bill. There is no other choice.
I hope you will take a stronger stand on healthcare fir the people of Arizona and all Americans. The present proposal is UNACCEPTABLE.
So you're saying this is a lazy bunch?
Why not just #fixobamacare.  Say #NoTrumpCare .
John you are all talk & no action as usual. What a BS statement. You will fold your tent as your wife accepts bribe on your behalfVote N.
#SinglePayer
Nursing homes will fail, children will have to quit jobs to take care of grandma, lose their homes to bankruptcy, millions in the streets
THE SENIORS will be kicked out of nursing homes, where will they go?
Please STOP KILLCARE. affects children like Aiden, paralyzed frm neck down in April, https://www.gofundme.com/aiden-henry-and-family-support … …
Senator McCain is just a GOP showboat. Doing the news show rounds does not make you look like you care.
GOP healthcare sucks.  It blows.  I don't need to read your statement.
nothing in your statement about those of is with pre-existing conditions who are not on Medicaid. all citizens Need Healthcare
Thank you for standing up for #arizona
Remember when you promised a FULL REPEAL of Obamacare? Remember when President Bush said, "Read my lips"? Lies have consequences!
#retire
The only acceptable statement for AZ seniors, veterans and families is that you will oppose this TERRIBLE #Trumpcare plan! #VoteNoBCRA
Pre-existing conditions, caps on coverage, recission, all the worst elements of insurance pre-ACA are back. Very serious, devastating bill.
Do your job John!!! We're so tired of you playing both sides of the fence! Hint...RETIRE before people realize you're a democrat!
U promised to replace OBC. Get it done. Stop ur complaining. How can u say if not ur going to work w/Dems to fix it if it? Seriously?
won't work, as you know. #Medicaid still cut. Please vote no! I hope Dems & GOP can work to fix/improve #ACA. It works in Mass. & can in AZ!
As self-employed mother, husband on disability due to #Alzheimers in 50s, I'm very upset by revised @SenateGOP bill! Cruz Amendment won't /1
How come you never answer us? We want more than a blanket statement.
Senator, this bill has not been scored by CBO. Please do not support a bill not scored or without hearings or time for amendments.
Makes sense all around. Please stick to your position.
Why not work with both parties to fix ACA NOW instead of voting for something worse?
The senate needs to work with Democrats to fix what ails ACA not go on a costly journey to repeal it
Afraid this bill isn't better,still government care.Want Obamacare repealed now.Dr./Pts,free market principles,co-ops,across St.lines,HCSA.
Someone else a chance to serve the people because obviously you jackasses can not, will not do it
you are all talk RINO!
Pockets stuffed at taxpayer expense, when you clowns fail, every single person who has served more than one term should resign and give
Not the voters, not anyone outside of D.C., it is entirely on the shoulders of career politicians who are more worried about getting their
You're a #mentally unstable #traitor. #America will be much better when you're gone.
REPEAL ACA OR WE REPLACE YOU IN 2018!
63 MILLION AMERICANS HAVE SPOKEN! WE WILL REPLACE YOU IF YOU DON'T 
REPEAL ACA
TAX REFORM
BUILD WALL
Mr. McCain, you and your republican colleagues have the house, senate and WH, if you clowns can not advance your agenda the blame falls on U
I will never call your office again. Trump has bought you...how is Cindy enjoying her new job?? You do not represent your constituents.
Now that you guys are in bed with #Russia, at least give us cost-effective #healthcare? #centralplanning
We deserve health insurance Sen MC Cain
So if no revisions are made , you intend to vote no, correct?
Retire.
Sir, ACA is better than the alternative & would be better yet if Repubs weren't busy sabotaging it. You folks are why some insurers leaving.
All of us deserve better healthcare, not just the people of Arizona. Both parties should be included on the plan, not just the GOP.
So currupt himself believes Trump not capable but never questions the RINO's inability to do right 4 American Citizens. Soros= mccain
Please don't vote for this bill.  Work with the Dems and fix Obamacare!
Vote NO then reach across the aisle and fix what's already in place. Rename ACA whatever you like and just make it work better for us.
I'm so disappointed in reading this.  Where's your resolve and courage?
That is an extremely difficult format to read.  Repealing ACA is your statement.  I refuse to read further as you're walking this back.
Why not fix ACA, is it that important to try and ruin a legacy?
Grow a spine.  Vote No
Do you really think Senators should be allowed to be exempt.
Rothschild family line McCain's pockets. McCain is a liberal dem

#ahccs
U know Obamacare is imploding. U must pass this to support the millions of Americans that want & need this replacement. Are you for us?
No state waivers for essential health benefits. Keep, tweak and fund the ACA.Don't make this your legacy.
#SaveTheACA
#NoTrumpCare
Repeal and replace. Freedom of choice. Stand for something for once in your life, John. I live in your district. I'll run against u in 2018.
I will be so disappointed if you are a yes vote on this horrible plan.
#NoTrumpcare
U will vote yes because u & wife will have  insurance paid by us & you'll benefit from tax cuts cause you have more houses than u can recall
you dont say that you will vote no to stop the gutting of medicare from your constituents please be straightforward we are tired of bullsh$t
Gutting of medicaid
Vote NO! Do not allow this to be pushed through because recess was delayed. Why shouldn't we get the same coverage you all have?
What did the CBO say about the revised bill, Maverick?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for standing up for the people of America and their health!
Need a bipartisan solution or term limits
I think the idea to return to regular order is a great idea! Allow Hearings, input, amendments, transparency.  #SaveMedicaid  #SaveourCare
Get over the crazy notion of repeal. Then work w/ Dems to improve. Sabotage is hurting ACA not the act itself. Hold insurance co accountable
Sir: Please do not support this bill unless it protects Medicaid coverage. Seniors, the poor, and the very sick are especially vulnerable.
McCain did you commit Treason with the Fake Trump Dossier? out of spite!
How is it that every single pharma CEO isn't testifying in front of the senate?! My insulin $ has gone through the ROOF in 10yrs. Criminal.
You are a divider of the Republican Party. Look at democrats they all follow your friend Schumer
Type 1 diabetic Arizonan, with 3 small kids. Vote no on this handout to the rich. The BHRA will ruin my family. #VoteNoBCRA
Senator McCain, Please Vote NO on McConnell /Cruz revised healthcare Bill. This is just a bad bill which hurts many and helps none.
You put party over Country. You have failed your constituents because you will vote yes. Shameful cowardly act!
That was the most sarcastic thing I've ever read written by a sitting senator. Kudos.
More than disappointing!
The usual GOP distortion blaming ACA for the rising costs of premiums, when it is the GOP-supported unfettered greed of huge hc ins cos.
We would hope with a bill like the ACA which sought to improve American lives, our legislators would amend to improve the law not  repeal
Abolish laws that allow slavery, exploitation, and which abuse civil and human rights.
Why favor a bill which allows  insurance companies' definition of female growth &  development as pre-existing conditions?
I confess I am a fan of a one payer system why should we insure human beings the same way we insure our cars?
The ACA requires repair not repeal. As a working  senior I pay Medicare taxes and have paid them for 48 years.
Why is an additional tax needed.
I was forced to return to work after retirement have I retired before the ACA was passed and the insurance was unaffordable.
The ACA passed and I felt relief knowing that I would be able to retire in a couple of years and be able to get affordable insurance
The new bill threatens that comfort in many levels.
Repeal and replace that's all you need to do and then you can retire
Et tu, Senator?
Arizona's premiums are so high because your state didn't expand Medicaid. You guys never mention that
And if your amendments are rejected? What about the impact on Americans not in AZ? If you don't like the #shitburger of a bill, vote no.
don't be fooled you'll. This means is he's gonna vote for it.
Half measures won't do, hero. You're going to need to oppose the poisonous GOP bill. Yes, work across the aisle. Stand up again as a hero.
Heck no! You're a blowhard who's letting a president collude with russia!
Ah, ehem... Russians are infiltrating out government...aren't you sworn to protect & defend this country against foreign & domestic threats?
Sounds like if you get thing that might help you get reelected you're fine screwing over millions more?
@CBSThisMorning @Morning_Joe @NancyPelosi wow only Arizona and what about the rest of the USA? The poor oh wait TRUMP DOES NOT WANT THE POOR
How about the families of our veterans are you concerned about their healthcare.
stand up and vote against this bill.  What will you say to the elderly people in ur state when u cut the Medicaid for their nursing home
consider making it illegal for any employer (including fed govt) to provide health insurance. Would create a real market!
If only you'd stop lying about imploding Ocare, and do what is needed to improve it instead of grandstanding about replacing it.
Why do you need to repeal the ACA in order to serve the people of AZ? Wouldn't it more stable to amend and improve upon what's in place?
So - you're voting no?  I didn't think so.  Party before people, even for you.  You're a hypocrite like all the other old fart Republicans
Shutup and retire Lefty. Our POTUS is the Trade Agreement hero. You are all Left and mouth.
VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!!
As your constituent, I urge u to vote NO. Don't repeal the ACA, work w/ colleagues from both parties to fix and strengthen it. #saveourcare
Is #TrumpCare good enough for you? Then prove it..
And get paid Minimum wage of their respected stated.
How about shutting up, stay out of it and just vote for it. It has been along time since you did anything positive. Cross the aisle Lefty.
So John, a lot of flapping gums, how are you going to vote if Mitch doesn't give Az special dispensation?
I know you represent a state but even if you get relief for AZ, what about the rest of us? An Arizonan today could be a Texan tomorrow.
what is Trump offering you to betray Americans?

To be clear: new #Trumpcare deems maternity care, mental health treatment and Rx drugs as essential for Congress but not rest of Americans. https://twitter.com/sarahkliff/status/885575745191497732 …

Senate Republicans protected Congress from the disastrous health care plan they're imposing on everyone else https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
so you're gonna screw over the rest of the US as long as you can amend to satisfy your state?  bad
Why bother with all this hand wringing? You'll vote yes anyway, as usual, no matter the consequences....
Then #VoteNo
@SenJohnMcCain JUST VOTE NO! YOUR CONSTITUENTS ARE ASKING YOU TO VOTE NO ON THIS BILL!
Or you could work with democrats and fix the ACA. You know, do your damn job.
Meh. Wimpy. Too bad their always has to be a slam to the other team.If GOP would just sit down and work with Dems instead of politicizing it
I didn't see "I will vote No". That's  what we need, more vague statements.
WE WANT YOU TO HOLD A NEWS CONFERENCE....ASAP....Senator John McCain mentioned in lawsuit over fake Trump dossier
Registered Republican here. What I'm hearing is that you will vote for this. This is unacceptable. #VOTENO #FixNotRepeal #COUNTRYFIRST
What about abolishing the exclusion of the senate's own healthcare from this plan. It shows how you do not believe in the bill...
Agree.  All Americans should have the same access to healthcare. Sen McCain - would this bill cover you & your family?
End Free healthcare for politicians that have free Government Healthcare, paid for by the American taxpayers money.
Your plan is no better then anu other "songbird" mccain.
Send it back to the states.Feds have no legal right to run HC!!
So I guess a 4 day work week explains why nothing gets done in the swamp.
Just vote no! Be a leader. Country Over Party.
That is the longest excuse for voting 'yes' to ruin healthcare I've ever read.
It's still crap
. You insult our intelligence with your 'Failing Obamacare' narrative.  You broke it, you can repair it.  Do it or stay home.
Americans need full protections for preexisting conditions,no cap limits on coverage, lower premiums & Rx
Just called your office for clarification was told "he'll vote for what's best for AZ"  what BS! Just, yes or no??
Soooooo...if necessary revisions are not made, you still have not stated if you would reject it. Only 3 "brave" GOP have said no. & you?
Please do not vote for KILLCARE. affects children like Aiden, paralyzed frm neck down in April, https://www.gofundme.com/aiden-henry-and-family-support … …
Great letter and right on point.
With all due respect the GOP is mostly bitter wealthy white men with no moral code! The GOP would rather have a traitor than concede anythin
Way to straddle the fence John.
Logical errs. Cost of HC is not an insurance bill.  Ins. was a burden distribution plan. Shifting cost exposure from Fed to State costs more
So blow it up ? Wow  how many people are you going to hurt with your vote ? Why don't you grow a spine stop being politically correct and
Stand up for the citizens of Arizona and the rest of America? Stand up for we the people you know this bill stinks !
