God bless you senator, I pray for your good health. I hope your #NeverTrump position doesn't destroy your legacy. #Obamacare #SheriffArpaio
God doesn't bless turncoats
Same with Russian Traitors right?
Yeah the Russian thing is so true the media hasn't talked about it in two weeks. #FakeNews

Have a great birthday, Senator. 
Best of luck to you. Your daughter @MeghanMcCain is absolutely beautiful
I miss seeing her on outnumbered
Lol she is not afraid to speak her mind. Beautiful inside and out
You might have been A hero in the military but a coward in the senate. You have failed your  country, very sad, still praying for you
God Bless You and Family
لحظة رائعه  
اتمنى لك الشفاء 
Seems like you have a nice family. Please retire and enjoy them. Stop ruining our country!

So sorry for the nasty comments from haters. I'm a Dem-we might have different politics but I am sending out much love to your dad right now
So you were pardoned for your war crimes in Vietnam why is that okay? You're consumed with so much hate step down! War crimes your no hero!
This is not true..,.best check the FACTS, not the rumors!!
@meghanmccain is gorgeous without makeup!  Praying for both of you.
It'd be SO much better if it were your last night...ON EARTH!  Fk'n RINO Traitor!
Once a TRAITOR, always a TRAITOR.

Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday @SenJohnMcCain! Many blessings! Thank you for your steadfastness and courage-we love & value your efforts to improve R lives!
https://twitter.com/redpillusa/status/902223193175404544 … so is this true.

There's nothing as good as spending time with family.  Enjoy each other.
Senile moron
Good times.
Two POS PEOPLE. .......#RETIRE!
I love trump. You are a traitor.
Time to drain the swamp from traitors.......
We love you.
stress eater
Happy bday, praying for a healthier tomorrow. 
I glad to see you enjoy time with your family after you have slaughtered so may other. #PizzaGate
Megan you are so beautiful with your Dad!  The Maverick and American Hero- from our family to yours we pray for you, Jesus heals, we love u!
It took a long time & 100's of lost lives for karma to finally get you. I believe I hear taps. #NeverAnAdmiral #FailureAndATraitor #Songbird
Excellent way to spend an evening. Consider retirement very soon to spend more evenings like this.

God bless you John
1/Your Precious Dad and I have a lot in common; August birthday (1 day apart); Virgo; independent thinkers who speak up; cancer fighters! 
2/..please send him my best wishes and this positive thought..I was diagnosed Stage IV 7 Yrs ago! Still living a full, productive life.
Your disease is God's punishment for all the innocent deaths in Iraq, Libya, Syria and Afghanistan. Hell is awaiting.
My hats off to you Senator. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your loved ones. Pray for Houston
Hope you are feeling well!  Please help stop the Cassidy -Graham bill to repeal ACA - many of us depend on ACA.  You are our hero!
We never met But I said a prayer for you and your family You don't deserve this illness you've been through enough crap in life alreaady
Keeping you on our thoughts and prayers. When the Nation needs you more than ever. Stay Strong. God Bless
RIP Pat Tillman ....would of been a great senator for Az
As you slack, @SenJohnMcCain Is this your innocent anti-hate kids. So sad you support this.
Happy birthday to you
Happy Birthday! 81 never looked so good. Wishing u many many more.
Happy Birthday to Senator #JohnMcCain
RINO!!!!!

I may not agree with your politics but I have great respect for the man you are.  Please continue the fight for our country's soul.
Glad to see you looking well. We need your voice in these troubled times. The conscience of the #GOP.
Not to mention  the ones while you've been in office!

Sooo ... do they cheat off of each other #onevote #2018GOP #VoteThemOut2018 #VoteThemOut @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS @GOP 
They know how to do it, yet don't understand what it means
John McCain you're a fraud and a traitor to this country

Can someone explain to me why this ignorant and ill informed person is not my president? But is!!?
Wishing you a joyful birthday with your family today! The Texans have your courage,rescuing and caring for one another tirelessly.America!
Were you and Lindsay sucking each other's dick when you composed these?
Please retire liberal..

God bless you, Senator.  No time for sugar-coating.  Glioblastoma is the Floyd Mayweather of cancers.  Undefeated. Do what you need to now!
I support Trump. I never supported you and your criminal friends in Washington.  #MAGA
Keep up the good fight Senator!!! I'm pulling for you!
Wishing you the speediest recover! Focus on getting better and not the lambasting you're getting. Deplorable! Stay strong! #maverick #hero
Respect  for YOU and prayers for your strength and recovery. You're my #1 hero.
RETIRE,RETIRE,RETIRE!!!
YOU ARE A DRAG ON THE U.S.
Retire already and enjoy what time you have left.  Because of your No vote our premiums are going up to $12k per yr. Thanks for nothing.
So while you are taking it easy. The people you support called Antifa are attacking and beating people in #Berkeley. pathetic.
Looking forward to watching Meghan cry at your funeral when cancer finishes off what's left of your corrupt liberal America hating brain.
Did you see this? 
ICE defends actions after 50 WOMEN & CHILDREN left stranded at bus station ahead of Harvey
Prayers for you all day, every day. Words can't describe my gratitude for your courage and service. A true example of a great man.
Many people in my neighborhood c-u as a old white man with white hair. You are not a war hero.
You should keep staying there. Please do America a favor song bird and get the hell out of our lives. Your lies and deceit will not continue

I admire how brave you truly are. I thank you for standing up & doing what's best for our country. I will pray for you & your family.#HERO
I think the government needs to make sure you are mentally sound you are acting like a wacko but I forgot you was a wacko beforeNeedToRetire
hey look at this John McBrain is one grade A POS. http://bannedinformation.com/mccains-death-bed-secret-killed-just-came-skeleton-suddenly-resurfaces/ … he was a showoff  and it got people KILLED.
wanted to say I respect your honesty & decency to all people regardless of your political affiliation. God Bless you for a speedy recovery!
Please resign
62 million REAL Americans voted for Donald. Not Russia. 
You coddle illegals who voted for Hillary. You are anti-American. Disgusted.
You chose the wrong side. May God forgive you for betrayal and destruction that Antifa brings. #Berkeley
You are horrible people parading around as conservatives and you've conserved nothing. You have a chance to b honest & declare as (D)
Retire and take care of your health... resign from the Senate !
Do us a favor and go into the nearest nursing home
STAY THERE 
Praying for ur family.  Nice picture!  Those are the moments that last forever.
Wishing you the best sir
TY for all you have done
Don't know you but you have all my admiration. Wish you all the health in the world in order to fight the enemy (sickness) Take car sir.
when are you finally going to switch parties we all know u are a democrat time to switch #noheroofmine

.@jasoninthehouse: "President Obama commuted more than 1700 people. Everything from drug dealers... and certainly Chelsea Manning." 
Please retire
Everyone is waiting for you and other spineless GOP to take a stand on antifa .. look at Berkeley today enough is enough
Looking good, sir, carry on!
@realDonaldTrump Exploiting Ur child for political purposes.  Open season on Obama's daughters or just POTUS's children.  No ethics.
You're in my thoughts, Senator McCain. Don't ever pay any attention to the vitriol trump spews. We sure don't. You are a gentleman & a hero.
I feel sorry for your family having to live with a traitor. Nixon may have pardoned you but you are still GUILTY of treason!
I am sure it is beautiful to all those residents getting crushed by Obamacare! Great job senator
Is that fossil fuel Ur burning? What about global warming.  "Many" viewer are "troubled" by Ur celebration of fossil fuel.
Pathetic.  Should I send U pictures of my puppy.  She loves me too. Meghan we'd be ashamed if U didn't love the worthless creep.
Swift recovery Sen McCain! A lot of good people praying for you. Not GOP, but we need you back in the Senate.
sure you're pleading tax payers dry...oh not completely dry
Prayers for your recovery and God bless you thanks for your service sir.
You know when you made some dumb decisions when far LEFT DEMOCRATS AND ILLEGALS are praising your fight to oppose this Administration!
When you look at this picture do you see a Traitor w a pardon,Never Trump, obamacare, sheriff Joe. Luckily you have have great health care.
Mr. McCain please move, we are ready

How come McCain is upset with Trump over Sheriff Joe's pardon? He had no problem when Nixon pardon him as a collaborator in Nam.
John how  is  you comunist  budy doing George Soros  you know tge obe that  funds Antifa.  I pray  God  strikes you down . Hell is good
You sir are a shame to our country. Trump can parden Sharif hevwas following the  law. Dirty  judges and politition   are the  PROBLEM
God bless get well soon sir we need you
God bless you senator. I pray for you.
Outnumbered is so much better WITHOUT loud mouth @MeghanMcCain ... Stay in AZ with your traitor father!
Cherish every moment! 
I don't agree with you on many issues, but you've always been a decent human being. Best wishes and glad to see you enjoying time with fam
scarface just can't help being dirty.. he's a little dirty old man who is on his last 15 minutes of fame.. wants one more taste of power :))
will be out office #impotent  #feckless #byejohn
This is cruel. An obvious Trump supporter. As heartless as your president. Take your hate to another page. Happy birthday Sen McCain.
Daddy's  LITTLE stress eater

Sorry Meghan I agree.
This Rino would slam the winner over anything
By the way God bless you and Arizona and your family! Thankyou
McCain terrorism is on the rise thru the immigration policies of the world. America is a refuge for the innocent. discern the difference!
I'm #sad about the way the story ends.
Senator, and those are the most precious moments in our lives. #familyTime get better!
Weird timing? I mean... compared to the night Texas was having.

If John McCain had not received a pardon from Nixon - McCain would have gone to prison. Ooopps Facts hurt don't they McCain.
You look a lot alike! Daughter like father.
Keep smiling
Traitor to your party and country.  Should be called Benedict Arnold
Glad to see all is on track & going well. Do you think it's time to step down and spend this valuable time wrapped in the love of family?
Horrible to leave a career hated as much as this war criminal
I bet you don't have a Juan,Jose, or Maria for a neighbor do you Johnnie. Especially non English speaking car thieves
Fam Taking a short break to relax in between trying to harass ,embarrass,& criticize POTUS. Stop obstructing president's agenda!
Beautiful pic. As always though I never truly understand which side the both of you are on.
Praying my brother gets the same quality care as you sir,with Obama care. You both share the same horrible cancer!
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/901534433424977922 …
Looks very peaceful. Enjoy!
God bless n may he heal you
So?  What's your point?
Best wishes to you and your family
Nice pic
Back our President.
awwwThank U so much for sharing -We keep U in our daily prayers-Even tho we don't agree politically U are a true American hero&Nat treasure!
A disgrace to the men and women of the United States Naval Academy! #SewerSenator on his death bed...can hear the rattle! #DrainTheDeepState
I hope you're doing well. When is the wall money going to be called a waste of money? https://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/30-Undocumented-Immigrants-Detained-Tijuana-San-Diego-Border-Tunnel-441817983.html?amp=y …
Meghan maybe daddy can come out and say something about this . http://www.mcmreport.com/katie-couric-speaks-canceling-clinton-interview-called-n-word/ …
You are a trader ! Can't even get behind our president . You will lose your seat !
Good health & God protect you! Your family, the entire US and the world needs you!
Get well, Senator McCain. Your country needs you.
Hope you are getting better by the day good sir.
PS I hope you are imbibing. It helped a great friend of mine. She loved the edibles. Butter was her favorite. Peaces.
America Need You . Country Before Party
Oh I miss the smell. Sedona, just outside I lived 3 years always worth going up north. Watch those buggedy crawly things.
Wishing you all the best, Senator McCain.
