"Very fine people!"

-President of US today about Nazis who chanted "Hail Trump!" and then killed three people.

https://youtu.be/1o6-bi3jlxk 
Yes, there were people there who were protesting the removal of the statue.. nothing more. Not KKK or Antifa.
Can you admit (do you even believe) that when Nazis 1) hail Trump; 2) say he supports them; and then 3) actually kill people...
...and then Trump, President of the United States, cannot denounce their idolization of him or denounce the murder they committed...
...this is a historic crisis for the United States of America.

These people are arguing for a genocide. He won't denounce them.
If you want to take up the line that there were decent people mixed in with Nazis, go right ahead. You're refusing to address the problem.

Why don't Trump supporters acknowledge multiple lawsuits for housing discrimination?
Hey "Insane" McCain. You ever going to do anything positive for Americans?
You „urge the administration“ …? You’re PART of the administration, sir!
No, he's part of the legislature, not part of the White House.
Hey low information voter. McCain is a democrat lite!
I'm not a low info voter. I support ACA repeal, and wish McCain would have supported, but I won't denigrate him, and am not a constituent.
I am criticizing his capricious actions. McCain is a double minded odious unreliable RINO who left his first wife when she needed him most.
What? America has been torn apart by NAFTA Sir! I drove a truck and after NAFTA I saw so many businesses go. Empty Malls. Lost jobs! READ!
U don't care about Americans health care! All you care about is stopping our Presidents agenda b/c YOU are jealous. He won and you couldn't!

Mr. Mcaine I feel the hate from Trumps statekent but you did call him a xlown. He knows were to hit. But to go against Ametica is worse. SFi
REALLY? That's why US companies move to Mexico and bring the products back to the USA? Is that the kind of BENEFIT you are talking about?
-Is there any part of the Republican & Administrations agenda that U do support,John?U were the backstabber on the Repeal & Replace promise!
Retire
Give up
NAFTA is a BAD deal. But unlike McCain, Trump is a real leader who will fix it for America First. Trump 2020.
Runaway spending destroys American's life savings - stop raising the debt ceiling!
#SmallFederalGovernment #DebtAndBudget17 #FightForLiberty
Retire.              PLEASE
@marcorubio What's the GOP going to do about having a President who defends White Supremacists? Is this the new GOP? #GOP #PartyofFringe
- Jay, Pelosi has made that a part of the Democrats NEW DEAL!
You think any of these goons will do anything? NOT
Last time I check, grand dragon of KKK was not Trump's "mentor" & that is why Trump was awarded Ellis Island Medallion.
Johnny "Wet Start" McCain (Forrestal Murderer) is a traitor.  He cares more for the "neighbors" than he does the American people.
Trump wants to eliminate NAFTA.
Had we not sent most of our manufacturing abroad, that would be a great idea. Right now we can't make cars, silverware, or phones......NAFTA
Why no statement on Trump's racist tirade? Remove Trump from office! #ImpeachTrump
-Larry, apparently you don't know how to read or cannot hear! Becausebyou are talking nonsense!
NAFTA was a disaster, dummy.
More proof McCain is a closet Democrat.
I like watching your presidential commercials.  Repeal and replace obama care.  Guess you must have a brain fart
As usual your a traitor to our country! Pathetic!!!
Being in Ag, I can tell you it hurt a lot of Americans and cost them jobs, too. Needs changes! We should not have trade deficits. #redoNAFTA
https://www.reviewjournal.com/local/local-las-vegas/layoffs-coming-as-historic-henderson-factory-stops-making-chlorine/ …. Brought to you by RINO globalists who attack POTUS because China & Russia are flooding market with bad product.
NAFTA is not free trade, it's managed trade. Lopsided trade deals that create large trade deficits are not free trade.
Agreed!! You should be ashamed of yourself for blocking Trump on everything! What have you done but complain? Please retire. Term limits
Where are you senator McCain? We need you to be a hero again sir. The hate needs to stop. Please call for @realDonaldTrump to resign
Please call for McCain to retire! He does nothing but obstruct. He has done NOTHING for veterans. So sad
Our President will negotiate what is FAIR for all of America.  America First!
It's significantly enriched #RINO #McCain's backer Soros & other globalists that McCain shills for.
THIS IS a crap agreement.... Aiming to harm MORE Americans than help! GTFOH @SenJohnMcCain
#McCain is showing his true globalist self again.
Such an evil sorry, Shitty dude!!
As i said 10000 workers lost there jobs in 1994 6 months after it was signed.the factory i worked at was there 30 years until nafta
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake Sens. "BS" irrational   & stupid judgemnets like backing NAFTA cost Americans jobs
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake Sens. "BS" irrational   judgemnets backing NAFTA cost Americans jobs in manf."NobamaLover"
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake Sens. "BS" irrational   judgemnets backing NAFTA cost many Americans jobs in manufacturing
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake Sens. "BS" irrational   judgemnets backing NAFTA cost my job as manufacturing consultant
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake Sens. "BS" irrational  judgemnets backing NAFTA cost my job as manufacturing consultant
Sure you won't vote no on any legislation that comes of it
RINO McCain millionaire due to NAFTA payoffs
Stay out of it please .
Senator McCain, I'm sure you already know how much Canuck $$ Is invested in your state. My retired sister included. NAFTA works for all.
John PLEASE retire.
I trust our President @realDonaldTrump to put America 1st in ALL negotiations unlike you Senator...you tend to put @SenJohnMcCain 1st.
DO NOT raise the debt ceiling without significant fiscal reform
#FightForLiberty
It has only benefited you. You are a slime ball fake hero.
The more agreements we have the greater the jobs, revenue & taxable income which grows our nation, stock market which grows more investments
USA has 20 trade agreements, Mexico has 36, US politicians are too uptight and clueless about compartmentalizing trade vs other issues
Kill NAFTA, it killed 3 jobs in my family. Unilateral Trade agreements open the door for more countries to increase trade. USA 20 MX 36
McCain, what would you know about NAFTA, you haven't been of any use with VET affairs, Military contracts, budgets or healthcare!
Please John HELP our President and STOP YOUR HATE!!! Stop the SOUND BITES and two sided lip service! STOP instigating HATE SPEACH!1st
Now your funders in Mexico, Canada and USA will be happy after seeing this statement, thank you cuck
Why don't you just go ahead and change your letter to a D. You threatened once but backed out.
Yea sure. The EU started as a trade deal as well.... but you already know all that right.
Agree 100%.
Got sucked in by DRINKING the COOL AID didn't YOU! 1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
F***  #traitorJohn
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
I expect a Balanced Budget Amendment on the President's Desk immediately!
Along with that HEALTH CARE PLAN you've been working on for 8 YEARS! Also that 8 tweet Afghanistan Plan you put out last week in 8 years!

@realDonaldTrump should cancel NAFTA especially since u support it. Illegal invasion & drug epidemic are direct results of NAFTA
sick men should retire, so that  able persons can do the job . The nation  except for your own state,  has rejected you.
SELL OUT
In case you didn't get it John, PATHETIC would be YOU! 1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
I can support your view of making this policy better, we need the Agreement to keep moving forward in the world.
Moving away from DOUBLE SPEAK McCain!1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
While mexican workers make pennies on the dollar. You don't care about people. You care about your deep pockets.
Why won't you just go away?
Shot that one STRAIGHT and TRUE!1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Explain to me how #NAFTA has benefited Arizona?  We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Mexico?
1st
Shouldn't you just retire?
Best action you can take is to retire.
Please, from your tweet to Gods ears!1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
We trust Trump   We do not trust you
1st
Good luck using reason and facts with your elected POTUS. He will fuck the deal, blame the Mexicans and make more excuses. Any bets? #nero45
Alex, Alex please wake up and STOP DRINKING the COOL AID! 1st  https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
#wednesdaywisdom #NAFTA @FBI so Johnny has people in Mexico tweeting for him, bashing Trump. Hmmm. ANTIFA I presume?
what is ANTIFA?, #NAFTA concerns us and I share the vision of Senator McCain, I think we need a win-win-win deal. #Canada #Mexico #USA
Why would you retweet something from John McCain? Go look at all his retweeters, They're violet left extremists, most likely ANTIFA
Are you high? NAFTA has hurt America.
@FBI are you with antifa too?
@FBI hey Johnny, will this be another one of your Antifa goons?
@FBI  another one of the #antifa goons?
Please sit down McCain, all you've done is bought into the WTO and NAFTA bullshit trade deals. Thanks for renegotiating 20 years ago
The republican party got high jacked by a racist lunatic! Heroes are the ones who stand against them even though it's difficult! Thank you!
Like your FAKE buddy HERO McCain! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
If John McCain is in favor of it then what more needs to be said?
If he is Pro then it is a Con. I wonder what Democrats told him to do?
That was GOOD!!!!!!!1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Not just about free trade, it is about free and fair trade. The RINO of Arizona should know that
Two faced, double speak, lying con job McCain should know that, I agree!! 1st
@Warx2TheMovie
At it's WORST!1st
Hey John you ran twice and lost. Why don't you worry about the state Arizona in the short time you got left
1st
Please hand in your resignation.



Donald J Trump will find a way to screw this up as he did the Paris accord's considering he's the worst president in US history call him out
You never stop. 32 years and have done nothing for vets but lip service. War monger. Rino. Lied about repeal. Legacy is gone.
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
I am going to follow you, not because I like your party but because I want to see if you are going to do something about this bullshit
Oh, no. We can't have America being a winner when it comes to free trade. Whose side are you on, Senator?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Please TERMINATE NAFTA PERMANENTLY! NAFTA does nothing for AMERICAN WORKERS! It appears that McCain is a GLOBALIST!

Now that did make me LAUGH! Thank you Cookie
You bet. 
U haven't got a clue on negotiating. This is the equivalent of telling the car salesman you're heart is set on the car before talking price
Just because Trump says nafta is bad doesn't mean it's true.  What evidence is there?  It allows billions in trade
American JOBS #1, forgot about all the factories moving to Mexico, cheap labor, no EPA standards, etc. The list is longer than 140 letters!
I don't think trump is going to be taking anything u say into account, Johnny
It destroyed manufacturing in NC. You spent your entire life being wrong or failing. Dont screw America again like you did in Obamacare.
Farmers need Congress to do something about #TPP ..Can you help.
You should take your retirement fake hero
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
This admin shouldn't be renegotiating anything. This president should be gone.
I bet mccain would vote for whatever gun ban cuck schumer wanted
It's sad mccain has more in common with constution hating anti gun anti America cuck schumer than rand Paul
Maby you should officially become a democrat with you buddy cuck schumer
you wouldn't be talking about NAFTA if it wasn't for Trump!
& u r??? Oh yeah, that guy who let the nation down on health care, I remember now.
Nafta has destroyed american jobs put lined the pockets of corrupt politicians like mccain
Trump doesn't need your help, especially after you stabbed the country in the back on healthcare.
Knock..Knock Senator McCain, no reminding is necessary. He is doing exactly what you want but to HAVE A BETTER DEAL and not have in one way.
agreed. Mexico also has a hard grip on our agriculture. They can replace the USA with South America for less. Could strangle rust belt too
Not TRUE with trade sanctions on their goods coming into America. We have allot more power as consumers than you think! Factories RETURNING!
And the idiot blabs more BS!
Hell it has sir,  it's undermined and pushed out US workers, killed many Voc programs.. in the name of cheap labor.. Renegotiate or end it.
END IT LIKE YOUR CARRIER McCain! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Wow, It's not that bad that you think people are stupid enough to believe this but that your stupid enough to believe it.
Hi
Hi this is John who is for America 1st. https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
you want recognition, you recognize you are not acting like a hero, maybe because you are not. you have live out of the tax payer for years.
Fact: The only people benifiting From NAFTA as it now stands  are a our Nighbors  and Big U.S Corperations.  How about you help fix that.
1st
McCain...you can't stand Trump and are vindictive. You gave us Obamacare
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
You should be the US President. Just a Canadian POV.
Ya... And you were sooo good
I lost my first three tech jobs due to nafta. You lie John, it is in your soul.  Maybe not your soul, but whatever it is it was replace with
Please try to stop conducting "business as usual". With trump in office we are obviously in a state of emergency
Yes we are with all the SNOWFLAKES CREATING CHAOS!1st. Oh, Con Job would be business as usual! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
And congress needs to start proceedings to oust this immoral, unfit President
You remember the 3 Amigos better than I do. This is not about party - it is about what is right for America. Let's do this.
No I think the people of Arizona are the people who got the axe
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Are you FN kidding me sir?! We have a country to save from NAZIS and Russians right now. Care to set everything else aside and join us?!
Yeah major issues like TRADE don't matter, all that matters is street fights between thugs.
Congratulations you're a Democrat. Shame on you for fooling all the people that voted for you.
oh how we wish @SenJohnMcCain would fade into the horizon to live out last days in peace without disrupting the "TRUMP Presidency"
As NAFTA talks begin you, Senator, should focus on fixing the healthcare bill you personally submarined.
Don't forget that Afghanistan plan he tweeted about 8 times last week. Maybe we will see nothing there in 8 years as well! Way to go John
Benefits for everybody
You mean like EVERY other industrialized country on the planet?! Can't be done.. damn socialists wanting healthcare for "people"!
Wanting FREE EVERYTHING!
Wish you had balls when Hussein Obama was president. What happened to you?
You obamacare vote is almost as bad as supporting ISIS. Keep your advice.
You got your subsidized health care. Why care for the people. Hold on to your advice, keep it in the swamp.
THIS PRESIDENT MUST GO!!!!!!!!!!
The biggest mistake I made in politics is to have voted for you in a presidential election. I even donated to your pussy campaign. My bad.
Admin should do the polar opposite of anything you say they should do after all President @realDonaldTrump is a winner unlike you senator !
And yet you have served a lifetime and done nothing to modernize the agreements? Why? How's the AFA for Arizonans?
Tell it brother!1st
@mitchellvii This is what's really behind all the Mueller nonsense. These RINOs do not want their pork barrel altered.
NAFTA sucks...I can still hear the vaccum running...but its getting quieter
1st
I encourage @realDonaldTrump to vote against anything you believe in...You sold us out now take your thumb and live with the consequences!!!

Read my lips, no NAFTA
I support that @cafreeland 
You know not what you say Barry! Not an opinion, just a FACT for America! REALY NAFTA!1st
You dhld retire
You are nothing but a traitor to your country.  It would have better for you to perish in the Hanoi Hilton.
You are the biggest fake conservative on the planet. Go away. Take Jeff Fake with you.
https://youtu.be/nGRvo6LWuaY 
Meet John McCain! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
http://www.militaryvotescount.com/2017/08/14/mccain-graham-worked-with-nazis-to-overthrow-ukraine-but-criticize-trump-for-not-condemning-charlottesville-nazis/ …
Die @SenJohnMcCain
No , no one wants to renegotiate nafta. That's why Trump was voted in. You lost to Obama. We don't want to be part of a world order.
He is a clear and present threat to our republic, it is time to do the right thing! Are you going to tweet #NAFTA or take action?  #USA>GOP
Take ACTION, Con Job McCain, you are JOKING RIGHT!1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
John McCain endorse vigilante mobs and wishes to ignore facts and the rule of law...
John McCain is a coward and a total sellout ....period
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Mccain we really want you to work on getting health care
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Better to protect their status - and yours - than protect Americans and small business.  You're a phony, hypocritical con artist.
Night of the Long knives, the purge. Maybe not the same, but he will dump all the people that carried him here .. its time to act
Maybe your relationship with the Trial Lawyers? They're more important than Americans, right Senator?
Speaking of which - why haven't you ever introduced legislation for tort reform with the health insurance debate?
Thank you for your recent "No" vote on the ACA repeal, but we still need your help, Senator.

You MUST introduce articles to #ImpeachTrump
u sir r a loser a capture and a sellout and i doubt u will be reelected cause ur emotional baby because u cant honor all veterans
But you will pander to your special interest, lobbyist, donors who have also made you rich at our expense.
You have to find like mimded senators to stop this madman. Its up to you to uphold the values of America. You fought against evil ..#now
No statement on donald trump defending white supremacists?
Wrong TWEET HATER! This is about NAFTA! Hate blinding you to reading sheeple?1st
You are clueless when it comes to business & private enterprise.  You have zero expertise to offer in this process.
Con Job, Lies, Murder Americans, Double Speak! He has allot to offer just not in this process, your RIGHT! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Impeach 45 immediately
Sheeple! Stop the HATE1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
You've made your millions off taxpayers your entire life.  You've never held a job outside gov't. Much like most the DC Royalty.
What is your business background again? When have you ever had to negotiate a business contract? That's right - NEVER.
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Trump said many good people marched with the Nazis.
What GOOD person would March with Nazis.
Get Trump the hell out of the White House!
I realize that business as usual has to go on but Trump!!!! for heavens sake. Relying on heroes like you.
Helen REALY, HERO!1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Controversial I know but anyone against Trump is taking a stand and to be respected and encouraged.
This admin should focus on getting Nazi's out of the WH...try that
Would you vote for it thus time or be a Maverick to spite some one Check your ego at the door please
We need it fair, right now we are being ripped off!
You are such a jerk.  Always giving your advice as to what should be done. You are NOT Potus
