Did someone try to hack into your Commodore 64?
What are you doing about the Russian collusion of the Obama Administration?
Please use facts only.  Show the fact s.   Ur all hat and no cattle!!!!
They are not, Sessions was directly asked yesterday at the hearing and there is no one or nothing being done
Sessions made sound like it's all too complicated, poor fella. I wanted to scream. Of course, wants to be "too hard" to solve. Favors them!
C’mon! He had cookies to make!
Yeah, all that, ah, new-fangled cyber whatever, all too, ah, complicated and confusin' for an old-fashioned elf, for sure.
You’re talking too fast!!!
Oh so sorry, Mr top law enforcement official, we mustn't move too quickly for you to follow along!

(Did this guy really ever practice law?)
U remember w/ Kamala don’t you?
Heaven help us with you involved in anything. What happen thought you were so sick dosent look like it????
Thank you, Senator McCain! You are an inspiration. I speak up more today, even if friends won't agree, because of your example.
Thank YOU @JeanneD  I wish we had more people like YOU. It really not that difficult to be kind and sport some common sense.
Thank you for this. I'm trying so hard to stand up now. We have to fight this culture of cruelty that has permeated our society.
Absolutely. After nearly 2 yrs. of getting nowhere fast. Common sense, truth and kindness is what would  MAGA.
Please also Work on how to stop collusion with trump
You are this nations greatest hope. Thank you for your leadership.
Ur freedom  of speech  will go with the deal
1 Is this
Hmmm oil. I can’t wait till oil loses its bay.
Glad to have you there!
Thank you Senator McCain, hero
At least someone is paying attention, according to Sessions there isn't anyone in charge...Isn't that nice.. 
Thank you Senator McCain
He's doing more work than 45 and he's fighting for his life and our Country.  Thank You John McCain.
Ya he's  selling u that  thats not the whole story he's a traitor
@tenajd Godspeed to your many efforts, Senator John McCain 
What happened to you during Obama’s giving uranium deals?
RETIRE YOU CRIMINAL!!
I want to know more about Obama and Hillary colluding with Russian in sale of uranium before sanctions put in place
Please stop standing in the way of progress. I know this is a personal grudge but don't make the citizens of the US suffer
You are an inspiration sir.
Damn.  I thought it said heading to Arizona to retire.
John all due respect but you need to be with your family
Please also defend nation against @realDonaldTrump
Please ask Congress to get kidcare going again. My grandchildren and many other kids need it! Thanks
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Shut up crook and back the elected president trump get the tax cuts or quit we’re fed up with your silly self serving games do ur job or go
I wish you were our president sir. I voted for you  in 08, I was 18.  America loves you Mr. McCain.
John, every time you open your mouth you help the Democrats and claim your Republican. Retire and let somebody who is a Republican take over
Shouldn't you be headed to the dressing room to change into your Democrat clothing?

The RNM tech, is supposed to be for field agents.  My best friend died from an overdose, related to pence so racket.
The RNM torture, nationwide, is to drive individuals to the same hospitals, fentanyl is stolen from.
If the Russian sanctions aren't enforced, this will keep happening. Key word-attacks. We were attacked.
you have lost your mind. Retire.
Just resign rino traitor
You are the only GOP Senator who is focusing on real issues. Thanks
https://youtu.be/mY4IOjxBRzI  how about this
Leave all that to your President John go home and put your feet up
Who cares you're a non entity and irrelevant don't forget to cozy up to your friends across the aisle traitor McShame aka. Lying hypocrite
We need them out of our nuclear power plants.
Do you think it wise to involve yourself in anything that requires honesty and responsibility?
so are you going to keep voting against Trump?
Sir you are my hero.

The DoD's top cyber official just told senators he is aware of DoD no plan to protect the 2018 election from foreign cyber attack.
Without voter id where most dem fraud takes place what difference does it make ,illegals voting is a bigger problem
Thank you, for your sacrifices!
Thank you for your service. Take care and stay strong.
Please talk about the enemy within: the malignant Narcissist Trump.
Thank you!
Thank you for being a voice of reason!
We need the nation defended from traitors like you.
 needs to defend itself against domestic terrorists like you & the democrats.  What a disgrace. AZ / can't wait till your gone! #MAGA
Oh! What a wonderful idea, I think Trump wants to wait till he is out of office
Foremost on that list should be replacing current POTUSwith one who will actually do something.
Kudos Senator!
You spend more energy attacking President Trump in 9 months than Obama’s eight years! Please resign!
Good luck! Prayers for your health sir.
thank you Senator, the rest of Washington seems to be asleep at the switch
Thank you Sir this needs fixed the DOJ is doing nothing!
Feckless leader says those attacks are fake news. 
Praying for Strength for you John, a Must
Good we need a strong advocate for America that understands the threat level to our security.
Senator how about the Uranium One bombshell, do you have the guts to do the right thing?
When I say "Thank God for McCain," I say it not as a Democrat or as a Republican, but as an American.
Thank you sir. Long ago met you in Dayton airport hanger.  To see you off. My respect always.
Bots are thick today
Cancerous obstructionist self proclaimed war hero
Go John ..  you are my favorite republican.  I’m smiling here .. thank you for this
is still in the USA! Why in the HELL are we letting this happen! @FBI
Go John, Go John!  You were hammered into the finest metal for this hour.  Those of us who so desperately need you cannot thank you enuf.
I'd like to know why Russian interference didn't work anywhere except the United States of America! The answer seems quite obvious! @FBI
Ah wrong.  Try all of Europe.  Read the damn history.  Another Trumpet
Traitor
How about defending nation from Moron in WH?
just head home please
Please just resign and let a true conservative take your place.
#FuckingMoronRyan doesn’t yet understand his asshole POTUS has changed the game. #RyanIsAFuckingMoron and I can prove it!!! #WillMcCainAct?
Thank you, Senator. We have lost site/interest in this tremendous threat.
Thank you for your service as a Democrat I still feel your a hero praying for you ! You’re a bigger man than most
Senator, the world is looking to you and your colleagues for courage, integrity and compassion. Please, help stop the insanity.
Thank you Senator. Please be well. We need you.
Epic Fail!
copy that
Hey J-Cain, don't pass that tax cut while I'm out playing in our country's beautiful national parks. I trust you.
Your legacy in Arizoneons eyes has slipped so badly. Be angry, be disrespectful. I hate paying your salary
Yes, McCain, retire.  This state of affairs that Trump inherited is your making - you had 30 years to make this mess. Go home enjoy family
We need to get those #RussianSanctions signed an imposed! Ruskys are hurt by one thing.. money... hit um where it counts
Stand up for our President Trump
thank you, Senator, for your continued honorable commitment to defending our nation. #thanklessjob #americanhero
I just sent you a huge hug, because I trust you to keep the truth circulating.
You haven’t tweet about healthcare after you saved it
Make sure you do whatever the Democrats want you to do
Peter Doocey asked you the right question didn’t he? Why so defensive John????
Amazing how you still care about all of us SenJohnMcCain. Sending u a big hug!
Please tell me what's it feel like to be a #TRAITOR? #Songbird#youarenohero
After Sessions nonchalant attitude I sure hope you folks get it together to protect us from the ongoing attacks from Russia.
And how will YOU BETRAY them?
Thank you for taking the security of our country seriously.
THANK YOU!
Senate voting today on Trump judicial nominee who defended NC voter suppression law & illegal racial gerrymandering
Sounds like another do nothing day. Tell the Agency head to get the I.T. techs moving and you expect results. Oh, yea not regular order.
My biggest fear our banking system and power grids in danger
Get Trump out to decent our nation.
Pearl Harbor on steriods.
#SASC Many blessings Senator for putting country over party and psycho. #GoJohn
#25th or #impeach
Brilliant. Hope you don't mind if I use this...
You are remarkable Senator!
How bout a town hall so you can explain  why you are not doing what you were elected  to do
Your president might have turned on true hero's but know that America is standing with you
Ps please don't do no bad repub stuff ok? 
John McCain you have your nose and everything but where it should be start doing the job you were voted in to do taxes and repeal Obamacare
Speaking on Responsible, would be a retirement announcement. That would be responsible at this time in your career. You no longer speak 4me
Should hold a hearing on your treasonous behavior. Your a traitor to the party and the American people.
I’m glad somebody is concerned about this issue, Senator.
Too bad you don’t have the support of the AG
soros got you.
Thanks John!  The DOJ is not doing a THING to protect us!
y
Thank you, sir. Someone in the @GOP needs to work. I'm glad it's you.
i GET CYBER ATTACKED BY MY ASSHOLE PRESIDENT EVERY MORNING.
Amen
Best to you sir.
You seem like the only sane Republican, but I know that can't be true - Please, for the sake of all mankind, start impeachment of D. Trump 
Seconded
Cyber Attacks is a real problem, but don't you think it's about time that the @GOP faces the fact, that Trump poses an even greater danger?
Not only to the US, but to the whole world as such? Todays Twitter rant by Trump raises deep concerns all over the world. I beg you, Senator
It' is time to act. Impeachment or enactment of the 25th amendment. With the exception of you, Sir, the GOP is loosing all credibility if ..
they don't act now. This insanity cannot go on. He is hurting the US daily, causing massive loss of respect for the US & US world leadership
We need men of your integrity to stand up to the President before we have a nuclear holocaust on our hands. From the bottom of my heart, act
now, before it's too late for us all. Crown your legacy by saving the whole world from this insane madman. Respectfully Ulrik Mersø, Denmark
If you weren't dying YOU would be going to prison!
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
No one, other than your dem friends give one sh!t what you do! Please go back to the home before they put out a silver alert
New report: Strengthening digital society against #cyber shocks: https://goo.gl/rYaRiq   | #cybersecurity #PwC #GSISS #business #resilience
You need to retire!
Mercer bot w/9 followers.. block @PatRiot9554
Will do.
It's great to see someone taking leadership here rather than inaction and claims of fake news.
Thought our fearless Trump was working on that with the Russians?
What happened 2 your Cyber Command Center Senator ???
Can you find yourself here  Senator ??
During the physical Cold War "The Russians Are Coming" , now in this cyber "The Chinese Are Coming" ..
RT @dgoldtech: @SenJohnMcCain During the physical Cold War "The Russians Are Coming" , now in this potato "The Chinese Are Coming"…
Is this potato baked or hash brown with gravy souce ??
shouldn't you recuse yourself Sir?
We are at war with Russia. Please defend us.
I got you don't worry I have super powers
