Let Mexico export Marijuana to the United States and eliminate taxes to lower the price and take profit out of crime.
Or we grow it in the US.
If Globalists and Protectionists both want free trade, then all's fair.
This is true
Let everybody grow their own, and trade it at local farmers' markets, if they want to.
They will prosper further. Not so the US if we become isolationist.
That is right, BRICS came to be do to McCain, Obama, Kerry & Hillary foreign bullying. Idiots. #TermLimits #Obamagate
I'm outraged at the amount of damage Trump has caused our country in less than 2 months.
yea, sold us out to contd enabling communism via trade with China than #Taiwan. #Newsnight
No. Aussies will stand against it. It won't pass Parliaments. It's damaging to SMEs & sovereignty of nations.
:  Thanks for WSJ on Pacific Trade agreement Trump cancelled.  Too bad we have a raving idiot in the white house!
Really it has always been one sided. #Veterans for McCain recall
Soros sponsored and helped by McCain...Shame on you for forgetting America for your own gain. #NOT A TRUE REPUBLICAN.
McCain I as with most republicans do not believe in you to represent the USA any longer. U R paid for & we want a refund
Impeach Trump to improve the United States' standing in the world. Your refusal to investigate is complicity.
There is an investigation into Russia and wiretaps
Focus on the @POTUS and his collusion with the Russians now. This cannot wait.
no collusion,  just your lie. Investigation came up empty, except on #Hillary uranium deal.See #Vault7 @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ @POTUS
the truth will surface on march 20
 will destroy American influence in the world with his isolationist views. Putin is getting what he paid for.
Yep our uranium.
Totally out of touch top 2% McCain The middle class is now a minority in 46 states Pres Trump = Middle class revolt
Can we get the TPP back?
When you are nuts go Democratic.John is gone,Hang it up please.Term limits now.
Another LIE. USA will pursue BI-LATERAL trade agree'ts, not multi-lateral fiascos that have stripped USA of jobs. #nafta
So what. There are plenty of grads here to hire.
They know what happens when you get involved.
"America First" will kill high margin businesses and destroys US economic leadership
it never did before. ThecUS was a leading exporter, now opposite resulted n trade imbalance, grt debt @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ
@POTUS McCain, its past time you pull your shutters down, we all say, "game over", for you. @seanhannity
Ask your president,how did you let this happen, we need your help @LindseyGrahamSC
Why are you acting like such a Donkey?
Wait until Mexico invites China to help build ports,airports,railways etc., south of the US-Mexico border,?military base
they can do whatever they want to do...they prove they are stupid and do not care about their people
Latin America needs 1st world countries more than we need them. What they really fear is sanctions thus they made BRICS.
so here's another way Trump is screwing America. He is the WORST BUSINESS MAN EVER
OK. let them do on their own w/o the good old u s of a

Senator McCain, I believe it is a mistake to pull out of TPP.
SELL ALL 8 OF YOUR HOUSES AND MOVE THERE.
To bad for them. The US is still the premier nation to trade with. Check the current deficits and learn!
SenMcCain knows what's up..he's strategic & knows timing is everything. Wouldn't underestimate him.
trump is like a wrecking ball. Please remive him assp
Free trade, globalists, new world order, get it right for once.... AMERICA FIRST
u do not hv a clue-U hv been supported by US tx payer-need fair tx-Canada-Mexico-Europe all hv VAT- time2level field
senator McCain you are a 1 world order shill. Let them pursue trade and the US can pursue our trade deals.
sure John, bend over and grab your ankles for the world. I guess you don't work for the people.
Pulling out of the TPP was the only good action of @realDonaldTrump .
Yes and soon the world will realize they don't need Donald for anything.
@POTUS won & u @SenJohnMcCain lost! Get over it! Stop dividing the party & attacking DJT! Deplorables are with POTUS! @WSJ
why don't you try looking in the face of the millions of Americans who have lost their jobs thank to you and FT
We want fair trade.  Fair trade !
so
Good Monday Morning, , The McCain Family, RESPECTS, Its the month of (March)  most variable Weather, One does not KNOW!!
John-boy + wsj promote #DishonestNews .. McCain very bitter - no dignity.... no grace... useless!
Keep preaching, John! Some people are slow learners
Well that's just ducky. The WH has put the American global position back 30 yrs.Interesting to see Trump products crash!
Our President doesn't have a clue yet has the balls to call himself a businessman. He's a used car salesman!
Thanks Prep. You really screwed us on this. Basic economics 101
John you know what you did was wrong. Apologize to all the United States citizens.
GOP becomes International laughing stock appointing Trump's own campaign officials to head Russian investigation!
good for them. Hope trump reads up on Free Trade. Shame. Will move forward without US
stand up for America and put your country before party and do the right thing
Why WSJ & McCain continue with Free Trade & not FREE & FAIR trade?Seems $13T+ traiding deficits since 2000 is ok with u
There is a difference between free trade & fair trade. When countries are ready to even the playing field, we can deal.
arrogance of being a super power n don't care attitude about other nations r going to affect us hugely, #powershifting
US gone too long w/crony capitalism for greed & trillions debt economy, outsourced nearly everything @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ
Exactly. There's an entire world of sovereign nations who will trade AND innovate. New brain drain -- AWAY from USA.
Of course,LA & Asia are moving on. Commerce doesn't revolve only around the US.Someone else will fill our void. Wake up!
how long r we letting the russian compromised racists ruin our country? Sir, look around. Civil unrest is taking hold. 
This where twitter needs a dislike button. Sorry Senator, I can't hit the heart on this story.
Why don't we try bringing troops home from middle East to reduce deficit spending?
You're #illegal, Sen.
Oh well American People can Always come out ahead! We wanted trade change right? Oh yeah your a Globalist! $$$
that's what happens when the president and congress alienate the rest of the world. Consumers will be paying more.
