More action, fewer platitudes. Mental health coverage and Medicaid stripped with #AHCA. Do what's right. Vote no!
#NoBCRA #NoAHCA
Start supporting all Americans and Vote No on Senate healthcare bill.
Yes, and let's kick vets off Medicaid while you are at it.  I am sure you have great concern.
They are too much strong and don't need any type of Aid, medical too
Tanti auguri di buon compleanno al grande Presidente italiano Giorgio Napolitano. Auguri Presidente. Kisses Silvio.
But not those who rely on medicaid, right @SenJohnMcCain?
Get ready for more the Trump presidency will soon have the entire country suffering with PTSD. Can the VA help regular citizens too?
Support our troops, bring them home, take care of them
Stop screwing with their healthcare, Vets/people before insurance companies.
Ty to ur family, those like u! I filed 4 congressional requests, I am just now getting proper diagnosis,not a 7-11 label
That's what repressed/ suppressed intel in war gets us at home. Misdiagnosed 4 years!
be nice if they could select their own docs outside the system. they should have medicare.
Will you vote for over 6k vets who rely on Medicaid or 4.5K millionaires who don't need a tax cut? #85388 #NoBCRA
do you know when McCain's next town hall meeting is scheduled?
@Arizona_Strong do you know when this is scheduled? I don't!
Is there a plan to show up?
All of his town halls lately have been on Facebook.
We should keep working the phones. I've called him five times so far
hand written letters to the local office are great too.  Inside word is that our personalized letters get read and passed around the office
Do you mind sharing the address?
support the Medicaid some may need. #voteno
We'll see how you vote on AHCA, which is a disaster for thousands of Vets and you know it.
Senator we need #SinglePayerHealthcareNow sign onto John Conyers bill!
Sorry I don't support you no more, macain you need a cat scan and more, get out your nothing but trouble. And truly can not lead no more.
The GOP health care dismantlement would be horrific for these men and women if they were covered by it...lucky they have better coverage

How about not throwing people off their insurance. How about not killing people.
Senator if you're worried about those vets how about we get VA the funding it needs to be able to PROPERLY take care of our #veterans
Support them by not sending them to for-profit wars. Until then, all GOP concern is fake.
Then support them by not killing Medicaid or the VA
Stop making wars, invading other countries that would help a lot!!
Please stop sending them to needless wars, McCain!
Stop sending them to wars they don't need to be in. #Warmongers #hypocrisy
Another knock on effect of America's rush to war & conflict ( yes you).

And a failing VA system, move your office to Indian School & 7th St
Senator, please don't support the Senate healthcare bill. Service members require healthcare just like everyone. We should support humanity
If u pass the ahca, are u prepared to tell the people in bisbee y their hospital closed down?
Vote against Trumpcare. It will hurt our veterans, our parents, our children and friends. Do what is right!
Just to clarify, PTSD is not just a military thing.
So u do see how important to our heroes accessible, affordable health care is. Terrific. What about the rest of us? #ProtectOurCare #NoBRCA
We support our transitioning Veterans w PTSD w access to healthcare.
Yeah, I care about vets, until the party tells me not to...
On #PTSDAwarenessDay, how about we realize it is actually President Trump Stress Disorder & our whole country is suffering. We need a cure!
You're a coward.
Your hypocrisy is a disservice to our Vets. If you really care, vote NO on the inhumane healthcare bill. Be a patriot not a party hack.
.@SenJohnMcCain Your party's plan for Healthcare strips coverage away from 459K veterans. How will you stop this? #PTSDAwarenessDay
It's critical you grew a spine and joined the resistance.
@MeghanMcCain let's not forget about our Vietnam vest too!
Mr McCain, please take on this white house and fight for all Americans. We need the old John to take on Trump. Your country needs you sir.
And ensure that they have healthcare by VOTING NO!
Healthcare Senator, they need healthcare.
Hey, please remind that unqualified fake POTUS who does not give a toss of that as he blocks veterans who want their voices heard.
It's not trumpcare is proper name is Weathcare or GOP don't give a damm about sick and poor people care.
Then stand against chg in hlth services.Choose your fellow/disabled vets Not your party or self-interest Actions not words.
Does that include kicking Vets off medicate 
Its called health care. Tell flake because he hides in dug outs and thinks he is a hero
WHAT about the 400,000 expanded Medicaid recipients in Arizona? YOU are voting to leave them with no healthcare. Shame on you!
dude, retire. the world has passed you by. its not a knock on you, its just time to let it go.
@votevets @kylegriffin1 your ACA tweet and this one were together in my feed. Sorry Sen McCain dont believe u. #untrustworthy
So why do you want to cut medical care for vets?
How about we stop creating veterans treat the cause not the symptom #endthewar
PLEASE PUT YOUR MONEY AND MOUTH TO WORK FOR OUR VETERANS,such as myself that depend on Medicaid/Medicare and remember mental health
@SenJohnMcCain - some of those brave servicemen and women have elderly parents who rely on Medicaid.  Show your support by fighting ACHA. 
Won't matter if #trumpdeathbill cuts the program that helps Vets.  If you are really concerned VOTE NO!
I wish everybody believed that we should support our veterans
We should pay them all the money they are owed. Especially since it is #1 cause of stress. S66 pays disabled vets the retirement owed! CRDP
Mental health coverage will no longer be an essential health benefit if #Trumpcare passes & #ptsd will be a pre-existing condition. #voteno
How about all of Americans when it comes to health care when you going to fight for us and not big business?
Military Veterans Say Pot Eases PTSD 
http://endingcannabisprohibition.yuku.com/topic/1632 
Pot alternative to opiates, no OD or addiction
Veterans aren't the only people with PTSD. Something #Trumpcare will look to get rid of: benefits for those with mental illness
How is that even possible with that POS bill you support?
Once VA makes attrits them out, & no medicaid- self medication will work out just fine.  You won't mind contributions from grateful cartels?
I want to say a heartfelt thank you to each and everyone of them. Because of sacrifices they make I sleep safely and live and breathe free
This is simply unacceptable. Why why why is it going on?!
It's critical that we support healthcare for ALL Americans. Universal coverage, cradle to coffin, single payer.
You grandstander 
Start by switching parties.
Fuck them. They didn't make us free or safe. Let Exxon pay their medical costs after all thats who they were fighting for
It was great watching a SoB like yourself falling apart live during the Comey hearing. I kept the transcript.
We should ensure they get the healthcare they need.
You've been in how long?  V.A. Its been a problem since the early 80's and it just gotten worse what are you going to do to make it better
A significant number of whom are on Medicaid. And who will lose behavioral health as a covered benefit in 2020 under GOP health care bill
This will be awful.
Truth is there would be far fewer injured vets if you and your kind were not so keen to push them into unnecessary wars. #FakeConservative
critical that we keep mental health insurance and Medicaid for assisted living
We need more war theaters around the world to make sure they never come back.
John, we agree on this.   Now, if you would just vote no on the bill
Cutting Medicare will take away critical mental health services for these veterans
Good thing we are taking away medical funding then, I'm sure that'll help the problem!
You have been there for years -- WHAT EXACTLY HAVE YOU GONE TO THE MAT FOR?  Your just a typical bandwagon politico
Senator McCain you need to step up and do the right thing! What happened to you? Pls remember your Vet brothers and sisters
Yes and the GOP to show their respect to these men n women want to take away healthcare from 1.75 million veterans
Stop acting like you care you voted for trumpcare!!!
Then use military funding to help them! Instead of using them for bullet foder, dime a dozen, then abandoning them when they get back home
Don't be a hypocritical shill for Supreme Leader Donnie. Vote no on Trumpcare. It will hurt veterans all across the country.
Those who I lost to suicide did so out of overwhelming guilt. I've been through the VA treatment loop for PTSD: works for some but not all.
U r absolutely right. Put your words 2 action & vote no on #BCRA. It's cuts 2 Medicaid & stripping of mental health cvrg will hurt vets.

#OpiumakaOpioid: Reached our shores @ & epidemic level. Becoming the choice of drug for most Caucasian brothers & sisters. Care is health! 
Our troops are being abused by the perpetual war. We need to bring them home.
You were about to vote for the #BCRA which hurt Vets. I have my doubts about your sincerity
Support the troops by voting NO on trumpcare.  Protect our vets !!!
