You know what disturbing is it seems the party of pissed off old white men are more GOP than American! Psycho Prez is getting dangerous!
Look in the mirror old white man!
Every American is disturbed that
You support Trump
You support AHCA
You support criminals in gov't
You talk the talk but don't walk the walk
We are and we hope you can save us from the madness.  And get to the TRUTH
Don't take away people's healthcare
Obama already destroyed that wake up
I generally like you sir.But, what is your stand on military and terrorist coup attempt in Turkey last year.
I am more disturb by you taking money from Soros. Taitor McCain. I am more disturbed by things that you say & do about this Pres & country
Why is it then that you were incoherent and aggressive during your time in questioning Comey about Russian involvement "here at home"?
Every American should be disturbed by Russia's attempt to disrupt our elections!  Are you concerned, Sen McCain? #wewanttheTruth!
lol you don't really believe that crap
@SenJohnMcCain is good for American defense
Thank you, Senator.
You should be ashamed Mr. McCain.  Taking  from Soros.  I used to believe in you enough to vote U for President. NO LONGER.GET OUT OF WAY
Do the RIGHT THING and vote NO on the Ryancare!!  How can you sleep at night knowing you are literally going to vote to kill people?
Every American should B disturbed that the Rs are drafting a healthcare bill in secrecy. Stand up and stop voting party over country.
It's available to read
I'm disturbed by those nations all having universal health care when we don't. Our leaders are trying to lower the number of insured. Sad!
I doubt they write their own tweets either. But it's fun to pretend they do! Their staffers are great fiction writers
Not our problem
Every American should be disturbed by you!
#TheBananaRepublicOfShamerica
A lot of talk but no action
Yer all talk!!!!...Blah Blah Blah ..Diamond Backs Game up late!!!..Yer Wife excited for her new cabinet position John?
Impeach trump
Just bc Russia tried to interfere w the election doesn't mean @POTUS will be impeached. Quit personal agendas & unite. McCain that means U2
Trump surrogates like Flynn & manafort coordinated w Russia to time leaks etc / sanctions lifted during r convtn. Too much there .dntbnaive
The "too much there"is the dealings that @HillaryClinton had with Russia.  Not President Trump.  Where is that investigation?
Investigate both - but he's president & I don't like frauds. He's a fraud. Let's see hose damned taxes too
Fraud is not good. However - fight the fraud that harms . Stop giving non citizens benefits. Stop welfare fraud. Stop lawyers from fraud.
Ok as soon as we stop giving rich people tax breaks so they pay less than we do in terms of percentage paid
True story - flat tax for all!!!
Remember the State Dept tried to influence the Israeli election?  The silence from both parties was deafening.
They should be more worried about the direction US is taking under Trump. If something isn't done soon US is in the toilet.
Russians in WH and you do nothing.
It's almost as bad as George Soros buying a so called @GOP senator. You're a POS, resign.
Trump doesn't care about Russian hacking.
More concerned about what's going on here. While you watch baseball and do nothing.
I care for my survival. Fuck Russia or others.
Total drug trade center.
Did putin ask trump to stiff arm the pres if montenegro?  Money is on putin is completely pulling trumps strings
I am more disturbed with the USA sponsoring terrorists in the Middle East that overthrow democratic governments
not really.
It's time to retire John!
I think you have been planning a coup against Trump
Congress and the Senate are full of greedy, lying old men who don't care about anybody but themselves!
I wish you would retire and shut up.
Every American but trump
Why don't you be more disturbed about way they did in the 2016!election to elect the Manchurian candidate-! Trump?
TRAITOR! Support Your president!!!!
Were disturbd by ur behavior and voting record AGAINST VETS 4 TIMES since 2014!!
The Russians did it the Russians did it , enough already
I'm more disturbed that you still have a seat, you Democrat in Republicans clothing ol' putz!
Funny isn't that the same guy your Leader pushed at the NATO Conference? You should be fucking pissed at the treason going on JOHN!!!!
We do care. It's your Republican president and his followers who don't give a flip.
You are a warmonger tell us again how many planes did you crush or eject from cuz you didn't know how to fly them
Why don't you talk about Trumps agenda? Tax reform, healthcare, jobs TERM LIMITS?
More concerned about their apparently successful coup of the executive branch of our government. Could we do something about that please?
Really?  Russians vacation there.  What the EU Army? Terrorist training camps in Kosovo.  John we know things reported from other countries
What about the Muslim Brotherhood that will take over Syria.   Sorry left hangs on every word.  Russia out so the EU rules.  Oil and gas 
Obama?
Maybe explains why trump pushed Montenegro's Prime Minister out of his way. hmmmm
Hey John. How about stepping up on health care and this Treason circling 1600 Pennsylvania Ave w #TheVillageIdiot
Ok Senator are you as perturbed at the attempted coup the Dems are trying to pull off against Pres Trump in the U.S?
Every American is far more disturbed with what the corrupt GOP & 45 are doing to US here at home
Ai Ai papa!!!!
нет, спасибо
uhm what about #USSR successful coup here in the United States who is doing something about that?
lol what a joke no one really believes that crap
You are a hypocrite Mcain. The US has destroyed Iraq, Libya and Syria. The US nearly destroyed Vietnam.
im more concerned about the coup in this country by establishment and deep state to over throw trump who the people voted for
Every American should be disturbed by GOP and WH pro Russia traitorous complicity you mean.
LOL no one believes that crap, now what did Russia really do
FINALLY, something we can ALL agree on!
Call off the witch hunt on R president so he can do his job.  Russia is laughing at us & threatening us while the dems steamroll our system.
Bwhaha! Jst becuz HE thnks THE INVESTIGATION is a wich hunt dznt mke it one! 17 intellgnc agncys fnd enuf evidnc to investgt him!
Old Foghorn Leghorn up from his nap to pontificate. What are you doing about healthcare. The most important issue before you.
I'm disturbed you're a senator
WE NEED TO REMOVE CLINTONS', OBAMS', RICE' S ALL SECURITY CLEARANCES,,, NOW
WE WILL WIPE THEM ALL OUT
GO NAVY,GO AIR FORCE,GO ARMY
GO REAL AMERICAN UNITY & VALUES
TIME TO BRING BACK
EXCEPTIONAL  USA!
NEXT,
DIRECT AGGRESSION FROM IRAN,or
ANY OF THEIR OTHER QUDS,PALESTINIAN,ASSADorPUTIN's 
FIGHTERS
WILLbTOTAL ANNIHILATION
OF ASSADSUPPORTERS
There is one American that doesn't seem to agree. Unfortunately it the president
You are probably one of the few GOP "leaders"
Who could make a difference, but u r all talk and no action. I'm more concerned about the US.
THE PROOF THAT WE,ARE HEADING IN THE CORRECT DIRECTION,
FIRST SHOOT DOWN OF SYRIAN JET,
SECOND SHOOT DOWN OF DRONE,
NEXT?
DIRECT AGRESSION
???????
Please let the Democrates in the Secret Health Care Bill Meeting!  This effects ME.  Please.
Ok.  But they must know that to be protected by their NATO membership, they may be asked to make serious contributions.  No Free Rides!!
OBAMA SENT AGENTS OF THE IS GOVERNMENT TO DISRUPT THE ELECTIONS IN ISRAEL,,,,,,,,YET NOTHING WAS SAID ABOUT IT , NO OUTRAGE, NO SPECULATION,
Why our President doesn't what us in NATO or support them.
Please shut up Liberal @SenJohnMcCain
How about the coup happening in Washington
Seriously, John, confused Americans elected an elderly reality show host president. Pretty sure they don't even know where Montenegro is.
Hypocrite. Traitor to our elected president most Americans disturbed how under your so called oversight military spending cut and veterans
Died and corrupt civil servents still working there. That's criminal
Not going to lie. I had some bones to pick when you were my senator, but I thank you now for standing up for USA when your colleagues won't
Seriously! You're concerned about Americans being concerned for Montenegro?
Are you still alive ?
I thought you died with the other dinosaurs when the meteor hit
then PLEASE ask for a full INDEPENDENT  investigation for all of us!!
Cc: @RandPaul
Every American should be disturbed by Russia's attempted coup in Montenegro & applaud leaders who persevered to bring it into NATO alliance 
Retire McCain

Every American should be disturbed by who is contributing $ to you! 
Yeah they played the USA like cards The Money The Money
More disturbed by their successful coup here.  Need you to be louder about this, Senator.
We also WONT be distracted by Russia investgatn either!
What about the coup of the interference in the US election?  It would be treason if this Administration participated. Duty Country Honor

Lol, like the fabricated "TURKEY COUP" 
Tell this to your president trump as well.
I'm a little more disturbed by Russia's successful coup here.
Every American & every GOP congress woman/man should be disturbed by Trump's weird attachment and support of Putin.
MCCain could make a difference, but he's all hot air and no action.
Speak out against tyrant trump #impeach45
  Tyrant? Impeach? It's getting old. 
How about being disturbed by Russia's attack on American democracy? Where's your outrage on that?
You don't really believe that crap do you
@DrAlParsons We're more concerned about Russia's coup here in America, which YOU seem to be enjoying the fruits of. #Hack
Disturbed by your taking Soros money!!!
Yes!!! 
Didn't trump shove PM of Montenegro aside to get front & center at NATO Mtg? Reminds one of a playground bully! trump's disturbing behavior!
John, I'm mostly concerned about your attitude
With all due respect, you are about to vote to take away heath insurance from 24 million Americans.  We have other concerns right now.
Senator, thank you for the leadership!
Leadership?????? 
Mr. Mccain, you talk a good game, but you are showing us ur not beholden to this country anymore. You sold your soul, and your wife's. Why?
To be popular with his traitor gop buddies
I'll applaud when you cowards defend MY COUNTRY from the likes of Trump and Putin. They go hand-in-hand.
Trump and Putin need to destroy radical ISLAM

America. Get back on. Point. Healthcare. Concentrate.
We have to keep the issue alive and not gt distrctd by russia investigtn! Keep cllg and tweetg your gop reps!
You have a problem with Trump. He is our President. Do your job..U know, the won we hired you to do. If I didn't do my job I wld B fired!
How about voting #no on #AHCA which affects every single #American
He wont! He'll stay in goose step with the nazi type gop party he belongs to now! How gops dnt knw wht this will do thr careers is crazy!
Who is a more useful potential ally? Montenegro or Russia? The question is rhetorical. Let go of the painful past. No vital interests cross.
Russia bent on world domination? Absurd.  Czar Alexander left Europe alone after defeating Napoleon and ending in Paris.
John let's talk about Obama on Israel election!!
Stand up to Trump @SenJohnMcCain . Represent us, We, the People
He's old tired and pathetic, he kisses obama ass
Is that why our own president so rudely shoved the PM of Montenegro out of the way a few weeks ago?
Please,americans,stop Putin!
Wasn't Montenegro's the PM that Trump shoved like a ragged doll?
... a proxy shove.
I'm more disturbed by the senate operating in secret while restructuring the American healthcare and economy. Can you explain this?
Thr desperat to get $880 BILLION txct for 1%! Thts ALL AHCA IS,is a scam for thr precious txct! Thr tryg to cut medcaid $800 BILLION as well
Umm, is this the country that 45 shoved the guy out of the way? I'm sure they really like us a lot
You fund ISIS!
But what about our own Elections?    I guess that doesn't matter much.
I voted - did u?
