Why permanent? Will they never recover? Should they permanently be dependent on help? Everything/everyone needs limits!
read what the Jones act is.   PR was a colony at the time it was written.   We are no longer a colonial power and should abolish such laws.
I thought the Jones Act protected the merchant marine with American rights and equipment.
It does. Our merchants would most likely be ruined if they repeal. So much for American jobs.
It is a US territory.   They are US citizens.   Should we have the same law in place for Alabama?
https://transportationinstitute.org/jones-act/ 
Not sure what you mean exactly. Jones covers all US plus PR.
It does not.   It doesn't allow PR to import from another nation other than the US.  Alabama can get ships from China
If that were true PR couldn't get cruise ships.
When life is put in perspective through our own mortality we see things so clearly.   What can each of us do to help Puerto Rico heal?
No port in the U.S. would stand for this incredibly unfair policy.  And PR'S are citizens.
PLEASE STOP the Trump madness! He is targeting & destroying all that is good for America bit by bit. It cannot be allowed to continue.
NO he isn't. Nothing has been good for years. Where have you been....
Blocked
He certainly is!
No u r. Lol
Perhaps. Now shoo...
When 90% of the food comes from outside of Puerto Rico because you have raped our land of its resources we need the Jones act repealed
Just watched the utube video of you saying repeal and replace but you had to get even with Trump.  Have and Hell are forever
Russian bot.
Speak English it's America and if defending songbird your as dumb as him
JOHN, JUST FOUND OUT ABOUT YOU, LINDSEY, RUBIO, JEB BUSH, JOHN KASICH & ONE OTHER REPUBLICAN TOOK BRIBES FROM DEMOCRATS TO DESTROY TRUMP
John McCain is no longer of sound mind, he is so old he no longer has the ability of logical thought and is mad at everyone.
What you don't know could match all of the words in Wikipedia.
Your leaving should be permanent
Thank you Sen. McCain. We need your support to continue our survival.
What does it even do?
Make it happen! This should be permanent!
Just retire already
Russian bot lover.
They should waive the Jonas act in Puerto Rico,yet I still dont see how this helps the Island in its current situation.#TherestofthePRisland
Senator can you visit Puerto Rico I admire your heroine. Pls have the man in White House repay $33m owed to PR .
He declared bankruptcy on his failed gold course... how dare him say that PR is in a middle of big ocean. #ImpeachTrump
Perhaps you should have done your job and assisted PR with infrastructure needs before this. Congress' piss poor leadership led to this.
And how does ignoring, waiting and attacking Puerto Ricans now help them?

We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
Puerto Rico needs our help! Join us in this one-week event!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/paparazzigirlsPRfundraising/ …
#puertorico #unidosporpuertorico #puertoricoselevanta
Then why has it not been waived?  How long have you been in office?  Were you vocal about this before? #JonesAct
Disagree.
I am thankful you will no longer be permanent.....
Oh sir!! Wise and humanitarian words!!
Should absolutely be permanent. It’s a worthless piece of legislation today!!!
Why is that still in effect why are we making it difficult for our citizens to eat more expensive to have basic necessities
Senator, with all due respect, the Jones Act is not the issue. American Merchant Marine is necessary to nat'l defense. @CrowleyMaritime
And being necessary to Nat'l defense they should be recognized & honored by the US Government @POTUS @realDonaldTrump I'm doing this for DAD
Big question, why is McCain the only GOP Sen standing up to madman?
Because, when your days are numbered, the truth is more important than politics.
Just leave to your president John He has things in hand I expect you forget you are not in charge
Balance of power. In this country, no one branch is "in charge." Part of our heritage from the founders.
How to make this happen?
Whatever McCain is in favor for I'm against
Just have this feeling globalist corporations may take advantage of this to fill US ports with cheap foreign labor.
Please tell Trump to stop blaming Puerto Rico for his own failure to respond.
He has responded they are dysfunctional they can't even help themselves. W
ait on someone else to do it.  time they come together  pitch in.
Shame on you.  You can always tell a liberal by their dirty language. You can only do so much and people need to step up.
YOU ARE & ALWAYS HAVE BEEN THE BIGGEST TRAITOR,
Except FOR HILLARY & OBAMA 
WHAT A FILTHY LYING POLITICIAN U R; GOD SEES WHAT YOUVE DONE
Or at least for the next three to five years.
PLEASE repeal it permanently!!! Makes costs of goods shipment to/from Guam too expensive!
I agree with all republicans that you should permanently retire from the Senate. You won reelection on lies.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Make it Temp until we get Obamacare repealed, and Trumps people confirmed, but it's your HATE for Trump right, sad
I really don't like you
Absolutely ! @AGSchneiderman @Scotus @SenateDems @SenFeinstein @RepAdamSchiff
I strongly disagree! Lack of shipping was not the problem. Inability to move material out of the port was and is the problem.  Lack of proper planning requires hasty, wasteful recovery efforts. (Yes, I know people who do a better job.)
Jones Act companies invest in ships but who actually pays for them?  #PuertoRico consumers and industry.
Senator McCain: Keep fighting for Puerto Rico (and the USVI). Don't give up. They are all depending on you.
Please ensure this and antiquated policy ends!!Thank you for your support for Puerto Rico!
No as a navy guy you should know that the Jones act does more than cabotage It protects the right of seamen to make claims against employers
Sheep! #sheep #WalkingDead #FearTheWalkingDead
Where were you the last decades while everyone in the island was yelling for that?!? Después d q ves los Huevos, te enteras q es hombre
Republicans are the party of Free Markets!  Repealing the Jones Act should be easy, bring fee markets to shipping and relief to PR economy.
If only we knew some people who can repeal laws.
Hush traitor.
Why? So that ships can come from anywhere and contribute to the drug smuggling going on there. It's an economic mess bc of corruption!!
Why ???
God Bless Mr.John McCain.  Thanks for your effort. This is a huge issue, and you are the only one who have the integrity to mentioned. GBY
McCain: shut up and fade away, no one cares for whatever comes outta your mouth.

Yes it should.
Doesn't matter what u think songbird
You are in my thoughts and prayers daily. Keep em honest SenjohnMcCain. Still take care of you. XO
I just don't understand. The less red tape the better. Crazy.
McCain is old and need to retire
Abolished
Thank you
When are you going to be with the president and stop voting no all the time it's about Americans not your hatred towards our president
#TrumpsKatrina #GOPownsMess
Fuck that, as a nation we have halfassed statehood for them long enough. Hope they ask another nation for aid and independence as a nation
no one really cares what you think
Step down and work on recovery. After your dossier reveal, it says your own vengeance comes before the people. Pay attention @SenateGOP
You know what should be permanent? The charge of treason on you. Oh, btw, beg for money from any Russian elite lately? Or was that only in 2008? 
Thank you for being a good person and speaking the truth about so many things.
THANK YOU FOR ALWAYS EXHIBITING INTEGRITY  AND LOYALTY TO THE NEEDS OF AMERICA.  GOD BLESS YOU. .
RINO - No one cares what you think.
Please do something, Senator. This is a punitive and inhumane law.
How really cares what you think anymore McCain, you have been in the government much to long, counting the days until your gone.
Politicians that don't keep their word don't deserve the respect of the people. #SnakeOilSalesman
Ross Perot was correct about U McCain. U R an opportunist who left ur wife 4 a richer girlie.  Then ran on repealing Obamacare. Now vote no?
I'm sorry.  You've lost your credibility.
Invoke the 25th amendment section 4 of the constitution. Get well.Praying for you
Who cares what you think 36 - uninterrupted years of lying to Arizona voters- what a marvelous con artist- counterfeit conservative
Worries about the Jones Act while the president spews hate sitting on a golf cart. Where is the hero people voted for @SenJohnMcCain
What do you think about this McCain?  That lucrative rat line game you play is very costly.  Will it die with you?
Human Smugglers Continue Leaving Migrants to Die in Texas Heat http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2017/09/30/human-smugglers-continue-leaving-migrants-die-texas-heat/ …
So, fix it. You have more power than most of us
Haven't done anything in 30 yrs. but u agree. Do something helpful
We don’t want your opinion
If McCain thinks it should be permanent, it is not good for Americans, job losses.
I think you are close to the last person in Washington that makes sense-it is so sad to me
Budget would repeal rule that CBO must score legislation & make report public for 28+ hours before vote takes place
Excuse me. The president is having a day long mental breakdown on twitter. Could you pls remedy this immediately and save 
Your opinion is not required, you are no longer significant, maybe the DNC appreciates you, but not Republicans.
You need to quit @senjohnmccain and take your meds you’re done get out of senate we don’t want you or need you #traitor
That's why I voted for you.  
Sir when is going to be enough for the GOP how many people have to die in Puerto Rico before the party gets a spine and does something
25th amendment time. Please we all need your leadership. #25thamendment
Your not the President you communist
Do a Berlin style air lift for pr
Please McCain exit stage left you have caused enough trouble.
Yes
Permanent like what you are doing to ObamaCare ?
Thank you.
Close to 100 yrs old act. Time to repeal it?
Bravo, John!!!!   We cherish yr fully emerged, character & heart driven sensibility and smarts.
The shade this throws @SenateMajLdr is far more hilarious than that @realDonaldTrump
Senator, where is GOP while extent of Puerto Rico disaster becomes clear & POTUS GOLFS & TWEETS? Only way to save GOP is to Impeach Trump.
Thank you Sen. McCain. Trump is intentionally neglecting the #PuertoRico Americans. By doing this, he's throwing fresh red meat to his base.
In case all you senators and congressional personal.  You are the law making branch.  Get proper legislation in place.  Your job
you would think that since you married a rich wife and don't care if Americans have jobs or not you slime
No it should not be permanent
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain ! 
Figures.. why do you not support American shipping 1st.  Go away old man!
YES! YES! YES!!!
Thank you Sen McCain 4 being the hero that u are & the heroic qualities you've shown ur entire life. USA is a far better country b/c of u.
Male narcissists are misogynists 100%
#Trump the westie to Top Dog your pack should fire Top Dog plays golf as humanitarian disaster unfolding in Puerto Rico. unacceptable unfit
#Trump the westie to Sen McCain-tell your pack  to fire Top Dog-plays golf while humanitarian disaster unfolding in Puerto Rico uncceptable
Please please help our families.  We do not have any way to do this ourselves.  We need everyone in Washington to step up as leaders & act.
And sell PR
How about just eliminate it
Senator please....what can be done about the evil that is Trump!!!
I agree, the 'temporary' waiver from the #JonesAct should be permanent.
It's all for show McCain.... go away a d enjoy the 18 months you have left..
Senator... you are a reliable voice of reason and sound judgement.  Are you sure you're not really a Democrat?
No easy cure to PR or other islands' financial woes, but Jones Act is archaic and stupid. Hope you can wil
Shut up & go home
Here you go again. Jumping in ,trying to hurt Trump? Just stop it already.  We know the truth. Trump was fabulous TX,FL & GREAT AGAIN IN PR
lord commander marmalade will never allow any such thing. Lives mean nothing, only the $ going in to his pocket.
Yea John you already told us. Now it’s time for you to shut up.
You need to work on fixing why this Commonwealth can't pay their bills. At $124 billion in debt, they don't need more shipping creditors...
mayor of San Juan says fema is telling people they have to apply for help over the internet, that shouldn't be a requirement
It isnt. They already have female people on the ground taking applications
what about those in the us virgin islands were they in the waiver of the jones act
I think Spain should offer more help two to Puerto rico
#support-kurdistan
John McCain is one of our few patriots left.both him and Robert Muller. Pats before party.
Senator you have done so much for the country. Can I ask one more thing? Can you start openly supporting the impeachment of @realDonaldTrump
Senator McCain please speak out against this cruel president. Is this what Republicans want to be known for?
Well if u agree with it then I disagree.U r a fake republican
Thank you, Sen. McCain, for standing up to the traitor in our WH. As a liberal, I look to you as an American national hero & savior of lives
That makes me feel better .. John MCCain fighting for the ppl... NOT
....and Americans should have healthcare they can afford! You’re a RINO @SenJohnMcCain I wish you good health retire & take care of yourself
Think about how bad that would be! Those ships do not meet the safety and EPA regulations like US ships. This is a bad idea.
McCain's position on anything must be discounted. No credibility. Just read a lot about his life. No CHARACTER. An EMPTY SUIT. Bad Pilot.
Not sure what 10 days does - other than some window dressing, ships and ports are booked way in advance of 10 days, not like taxis

Your republican President is an EVIL FUCK and you know it!   Get him out! Let that be your legacy!!!
Thank you, Sen McCain for your life's service to our country and for your continued fight for our citizens. Thank you sir. Respect .
Why are you not putting out a healthcare bill? You have voted against all the other bills but ran on repeal and replace. Do your job!
Does that mean u admit to wanting to take jobs away from middle class workers like the long shorman and american boat owners?
WHY?  What do you get out of it?
Enjoy your seat while you have it
 As your done. You really have hurt your legacy. Unfortunate!
Who even cares what you think
Plenty of ships. Not enough infrastructure to handle them. Bankrupt Puerto Rico needs to count it's blessings it still part of the USA.
Up to u Honorable @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you.
you are a petulant little man with no honor....you a hero....a load of crap..under your 30 or so rein of flip floping the vets died
I agree that @SenJohnMcCain should retire
You should retire from sending stupid, mean, and uninformed tweets.
Trump needs to be prosected for ALL the souls lost in Puerto Rico.
Is there any thing you can do with Mr Trump ? He is doing Puerto Rico wrong
You are a democratic not a true republican
Who would listen to this bastard traitor?
Yes, it will also help them with the cost of supplies
Please speak up on what’s needed to help our citizens in PR. Where is the money for them? What isn’t he doing? He’s killing Americans.
policies that Obama had that are still in are killing Americans. Wake Up It takes time to get help to you. We all work together here try it
Senator, he needs to pay for the division he's sowing and rhetoric against U.S. citizens. Please #CensureTrump
Thank you senator, thank you
Make it so, Senator.
Thanks you are not the president. Traitor
