
Russia had nothing to do with the elections FACT! You are a Democrat wantabe and a traitor to our country! STOP PROTECTING ISIS!!!

I'm a veteran, republican who once stupidly voted for you. You've lost all respect & credibility, now RINO, go away!
Tell him
here's a novel idea, johnny...let's punish instead who REALLY attacked the eletions, clinton, dws, brazile, podesta, dnc.........
Was there a strategy the 8 yrs prior to the past 8 years???
Over 5.7Million non-Citizens vote. That is disgusting influence by a group that frankly we NEVER invited. But u worry about Russian involve
Thank you Senator McCain
They should've left you in Vietnam, there would be a lot more troops alive if it weren't for your crypt-keeping ass.
Please use your experience to bring civility and order to Congress so there can be some items past to benefit us the constituents
You think @SenJohnMcCain gives a shit about us? He only votes for war and selling Americans and his fellow vets out.
I think most of Congress does and thinks of things only for themselves and not for the constituents in their districts. It's unfortunate
Yup, and It's up to you and me to change things, Dick.
Go away, gramps!
The bill will likely punish the EU and USA monetarily.  It doesn't do anything to stop cyberattacks. But that's not the point, is it? @GOP
So you want to punish Russia for something you have ZERO proof of? It's time to resign, John. You're too old to think straight. Time to go!
US not functioning as a democracy anymore... SAD
The House will Not take this up quickly sir. The house is owned by Donald Trump and is no longer functioning as a democratic institution
@SpeakerRyan I hope you will listen your senior colleagues on the hill. Take your hits now; do not sell democracy on your way out.
Your dream is to go to war with Russia...
So u r passing sanctions on Russia without proof??
#Russia #Soros We want to know why McCain and Graham were partying in the Ukraine on New Year's Eve?? Political hacks.
What a waste of TIME, Senator.
YouTellEm #UTraitorPOS #HillaryClinton #JohnMcCain #ISisUS OWN mouths #US #SenateFunds #IS #AlCIAda https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOGK57xs5Ro … #DrEd
Non-Citizen voting influences our laws & THEIR self serving agenda. That is like being invaded & the Left doesn't care. Do YOU?Stop it!
Why cant our president state to the public, that he believes that Russia hacked our election and support the sanctions?
When are you going to go after Obama for interfering with Israel's election with taxpayer money
What does that do for us the tax payers/voters? Somebody please explain that to me!
So show some proof you war mongering puppet. Not one shred of evidence.
@NRSC should be worried about my insurance bill. @HouseGOP but instead wackjob @SenJohnMcCain is chasing bogey-men. The bill will cost US $$
The Republican Party will forever be known as traitors for their support of Trump and Putin
Mr McCain, Russia is not North Korea, better to find other diplomatic solutions, 
We need stability not of tension
Give yourself a hand @SenJohnMcCain while you and your senate republican sheep allow comrade Trump to sell the WH to Putin #traitor
Yes
Mehhhh... Trump will just veto it.. fake news to him.
I hope Trump does they still have produced no proof of what Russia actually did!McCain is just a war monger who created ISIS2 perpetuate war
17 intelligence agencies have confirmed they absolutely did. If they shared details then they'd be sharing w/ Russia how they caught. 
based on the anyalsis of Crowdstrike a corrupt company, paid by DNC to give results they wanted! #Ukraine

Sorry, I tend to get my news from actual news sources. So what about all your republican congressmen who also absolutely agree?
So, let me get this straight-- Hillary paid to hack herself to hurt her own chances of winning the election.
it wasn't a hack it was a leak his name was Seth Rich & if u didn't know that the IC didn't examine servers
Who cares John? Not when YOUR GOP COLLEAGUES are attacking the POOR! Shame on you John if you make ONE vote that hurts ANY AMERICAN! Beware.
thank You mr McCain! thank from Russia with great love!
How is your Institute?
What are you going to do about @realDonaldTrump & his entire regime, incl. @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr & their collusion with Russia/Putin?
Hanoi John aka #Songbird
How did Russia ATTACK the election????. Senile old fool.  Can you really say the US  was attacked!!!! Absolutely ridiculous!
Bill in Question...
The WH is quietly lobbying House Republicans to weaken the Russia sanctions bill. Rep. Brady is obliging them: http://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/world/asia/trump-russia-sanctions.html … 
You must impeach the Russian puppet on the WH !!!
No!  #VoidTheElection!  We don't want Pence or ANY in line, including @SpeakerRyan, who's complicit in Russian hacking.
You have lost all respect and credibility! Go slide under a rock somewhere and stay out of Presidential business!
Opps!  Sorry Maverick. it appears @HouseGOP decided the @SenateGOP version needed to be STALLED. QUICK! Get on your Twitter cycle and RIDE!
just go away
I hope a FAIR & AFFORDABLE healthcare bill is equally as important to you
Rino.
Went will the American people get to see the wealthcare bill? Even tramp said it was "mean"
Do I understand, you are passing sanctions for something that no one can prove?
McCain is the Hillary Clinton of the Republican party, he should be investigated for crimes against America.
Yeah. Good luck with that one.
All talk........,
yes please lets go back to the obama's and not stay on point with sanctions over the election.  W/btw Obama did..and Trump wont' do a thing
We, want proof John, sick of hearing accusations without evidence. Present it to the American people. Why did DNC refuse DHS and FBI help??
I'm an Obama basher. But thank God you didn't win. You're crazy!
Than kill Russia, press to Russia's Head is view. if ban of my's, i accept.
Sure you're not a dimm? Seems like you are on the front lines resisting and obstructing.
Dear John, You're NOT the POTUS!!!! You don't get to drive foreign policy!
Many thanks. This tends to stop such embarrassing assaults.
I think you were very disappointed that Clinton lost the election. IT'S VERY APPARENT!!!@
The Russian government denies the interference so please enlighten us as what the terms of any sanctions would be???
24/7 vitriol against POTUS and I have yet to hear you defend him on ANYTHING! I'm sick of it, and you!
Instead of putting the focus on Russia, you should focus on our own defences against foreign hacking
U need to get over it John. Your obsession isn't healthy.
But will @realDonaldTrump sign it? He seems to have a Russian-connection.
RUSSIA! RUSSIA! RUSSIA!Benghazi #retire
Great job John.
Senator McCain thank you for speaking for all the people and leading with integrity. I do not always agree with you, but I respect you.  Ty
Awesome leadership! We cannot afford interference from other governments in our democracy. Thank you!
George soros backs McCain
yes, they must, but will Trump sign it??
if Hillary had won with Russian help you and Republicans would be screaming and impeaching her by now.
Where is the solid proof the Russians attacked the election? How about you get to work on securing our southern boarder.
House is afraid to do anything that upset trump... weakest leaders in history.... embarrassing
GOP = Russian lovers
I am beginning to think all of the GOP wants us to speak Russian and bow to Putin.
After your insane questions to Comey I think that's your motto as well. Very sad I used to think of you as a hero!
Oh come on u think your fellow GOPer care about our country. Their motto is party over country.
Trying to keep the subject away from healthcare. You will not get away with removing healthcare from 23 million Americans.
But the douche in chief will veto it.  There's $ to be made for him with the Russians
don't want to hear about Russia...want to hear about you, the Free Syrian Army and London attack your relationship with Soros
YOU have been UNMASKED
Trust and believe Senator that most of us don't believe you will stand by your "convictions."
Keep up the pressure Senator! It may not seem like it at times but Republicans are rooting for you to safeguard our national security.
Retire
don't hold your breath...
Time for you to move on, you're just in the way
John you've gone stupid
U were there when the plane left with $ for Iran and this is BS! POTUS and Tillerson are in charge of foreign policy ... u Sir are not POTUS
Arizona needs to impeach this senile Rhino.  He is going to be the one thing to put Dems in control @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @POTUS
See what happens when your wife becomes an ambassador?  Big laugh.
I don't know how you still breathingyou're repulsively corrupt and hypocrit
Heeeey! McCain is barking for attention again
OH GOODIE! Can we finally move away from this leftist circus we've been subjected to for the last 10 months? R U going 2support R Pres now?
Don't you all want to hold hands & thank Trump for letting you breath in the same air space as him? Just to ease his disappointment.
John I bet u don't even read ur own threads every 1 of them tell ur doing a horrible job maybe take the hint&retire l prefer prison 4u
Congatulations! I am sure after the Bill was passed Senat it will be passed Congress then the US Establishment will break through Trump too.
I hope so
do you ever secretly wish you were Donald Trump?
Or what? You'll express concern?
Force your heartland states to use a paper ballot as a backup like Florida
Will you just stop with Russia!
No they must NOT. You don't decide. Get used to it.
@John Podesta foolishly clicked on a phishing email which brought a torrent of #poeticjustice to the @HillaryClinton campaign.(period)
Show me proof that Russia did anything and I'll get my Reps to support your bill
If not. Crawl into a hole and don't come out. Will only take about 72-96hrs for the effects to take.
You cut down the hands of the Secretary of State to negotiate.Liberals & you will do anything to undermine @POTUS @PRyan @GOP @VP
McCain = Democrat
Where's the proof? More proof of HRC and Russia, Podesta and Russia
They've been investigating for months and not 1 person can say it happened. This special counsel shouldn't even be there.
That was a real investigation, this is about Democrats not accepting they lost.  Russia has been meddling for over 30 years
This is a clear slap at Trump and JM should be censured for bringing it up. By default it assumes there was some influence when there wasn't
Funny such a true rhino why can't he attack DEMS like he does Republicans.. I wish he would leave our party and become the DEM he is
Best thing you can do is retire
What about cruel healthcare bill? Show us your balls Senator.
No way
Way u turn against president and people hope they reject amend etc. swamp dweller
They didn't attack the election
End this stupid senate investigation and do some damm work
Yes but they won't. Still worried about Comeys "double standard?" #goppartyoftraitors
We see RUSSIA as a definite threat to the structure to AMERICA we hope you feel the same way. They have attacked US(A). No one is doing
Can you stop this nonsense.
Trump got to them? Or is Rep Brady correct its not constitutional?
We may see our way past aiding you in getting votes for you in some cases if you come across fairly on the Med bill VOTE NO.PROTECT US(A).;)
Arizonians, PLEASE do not give this man another term!
What's your affiliation with George Soros?
Hard to believe you went against Dictator trump.
The house will reject it and you know it. This is all  GOP stagecraft to feign interest in trump/russia. GOP=party over country.
McCain is a traitor to his party!!!!
1/3 of voters still don't believe the Russians had anything to do with the hacking!
What do they think this round of sanctions is even about
Well as soon as they show some proof maybe we will believe it
I don't really know if Russia really hacked our election. What were Hussein O'Bama's people doing in Israel ?? No investigation ??!! 
Why? Most people know it was Obama's DHS tried to hack some states to steal the election for Clinton they made it to look like Russia
Nice try , its been reported and there are articles,  maybe you should stay off the crack and do some digging
Man Grandpa, people hate you, bigly

You're a liar!!!
You should fact check your timeline before you accuse others of lying. 

He is not lying, by the way.
I think you`re right.
I voted for you when you ran for President, I didn't like you then and I don't like you now. There is no Russian collusion.
I had to hold my nose voting between warmonger Mcstain and communist Obama
The House look so traitorous! Also, states must allow DHS to audit their possibly hacked election systems! Do we need UN monitors?
You need a brain!
Trump will be the only thing holding this up. He will pressure representatives. Needs to pass! #RussianSanctionsBill
Hacking and espionage is what they do! HOW ABOUT HARDENING OUR OWN DEFENCES AGAINST FOREIGN HACKING???
Because half of them are Treasonous Russian Rubes. Guess which half?

Enough. Show us the proof that Russia attacked US elections.
If no one is going to show us the proof then why should I believe that they have any?
Neither are the corporate MSM yet they insist that Russia hacked the elections.  Why should I believe them?
Simultaneous implementation of solutions are what governments are about.
They won't.
Any person thinks that timely responses in international infringement should take a back burner to the hot topic is a fool.
Are fox the only people who give you airtime ye bam
But the president agst this.. withdrawing from the world..eliminate foreign service and DOS and foreign aid.China may be the big winner!
You are a imbecilic man trying to destroy a potential alliance with Russia...a friendship like that would keep China in abeyance and in .
#BRI Belt and Road Initiative.
And equally you better take up and pass a healthcare bill and tax reform!
Go and retire pls,  you have no idea anymore,
What's the freakin' hurry? Obummer Admin didn't seem to think it important! RETIRE McCain
How are you voting on the secret mean unhealthcare bill?
House is leaning on parliamentary rules to block it, so good job on this circus show senate GOP put forth.
Thanks for letting me know John. Time to retire!
Nah
When are you going to start calling for impeachment of your party's man in the oval? He's a criminal/thug!
I LOOK FORWARD
TO SEEING THE RESULTS!
Lol Congress will be on vacation no time to pass bills
HEALTH CARE!

If we can't read it - you shouldn't vote for it!
Sounds like Rep Brady (R) is a Russian patsy...just another reason to vote all Republicans out as soon as possible..
House is declining to proceed.
You claim to want to protect America yet you and your party enable Trump?
Someone's Not Going To Be Happy & I'm Not talking about the Short Guy #trumprussia
I'm pretty sure trump wants to sanction a 400lb guy sitting on his bed, not his pal, Putin. #TrumpRussia
will the US government stop interfering in other countries elections?
I hope the @HouseGOP stay focused on tax reform and reducing government spending.  I wish you would focus on Healthcare.
I'd like to see McCain get off his old ass and do something of value for us taxpayers!
I think they are on board with hacks that produce GOP wins
Still no proof of Russian involvement. 
Somewhere in your addled brain, John, you know it's true.
Will protecting America be as high a priority for @gop as taking away health care?
