you can never "WIN" in Afghanistan.  Study your history.
Sounds like the remake of the failed war against iraq
John, why are we in Afghanistan, what's our objective. What is it we're going to "win"?? Stop bullsh_ting people.
Prevent Formation of  New AXIS,Start in Qatar+Turkey&Russia?
We need a Viable strategy to help Middle East Stand on it's own and 4 us to GET OUT.. We've been there too long. Humanitarian aid continues.
John I used to be a strong supporter.  Now I'm not sure what happened to you.
Not a fan of Republicans overall, but I always believe you "put America first" even if I disagreed with some of your beliefs. Integrity.
So have U bothered 2 come up with something R just blowing hot air again Probably why AZ is so hot right now Do some work instead of whining
We cannot win Afghanistan. Rememer Vietnam?  Christ, save lives!  US OUT OF THE MIDDLE EAST!
Remind me again Senator. What's so great about perpetual war?
you supported the WRONG candidate if you expected ANY strategy!  what happened to you sir? Since #Palin - all downhill #SAD
Thank you Sen McCain. You are the White Hat I am counting on to keep us safe in this time. Please stand strong for people, not just party.
How exactly will we know when we have 'won'? This is not a 'winable' war. Get us out!
It's real easy to sit back & criticize Senator - why don't you propose a solution for a change?
Longest American war and you are eager to extend it?
WE CANNOT TELL, REVEAL TO THE ENEMY WHAT WE PLAN,,,,WE HAVE EARS LISTENING!!! OLD SAYING,"LOOSE LIPS SINK SHIPS"
The wars have to end. @GOP is destroying civilization along with other authoritarians. You grow terrorists - you don't defeat them.
Get out of Afghanistan.. pack up and leave. You will never win there .. never. History hasn't taught you Americans anything .. has it ?
Can't Win Afghanistan Unless ,U Prevent Muslim Brotherhood Regimes in the Region,Qatar,Turkey&Iran..
HEALTH CARE!?  RUSSIA TREASON!?!?  HELLO!?
health care. make it public.
what's wrong with you people?
Yes we need to drop all of your GOP asses over there with no support.  About what you give our military guys, lies and shit. RESIGN NOW!
McCain, how many weapons did sell Chechnya Muslims? ISIL Al Qeada illegal CIA backed Ukraine Coup? https://twitter.com/RichGas69/status/874736683991785472/photo/1pic.twitter.com/CeSPxABg0P  @realDonaldTrump
Let Pakistan annex Afghanistan.
no way, we dont want it, the place is a hell hole, you guys deal with it.
There is no strategy because Senator McCain has interfered with the Presidents agenda and now we have a witch hunt instead of policy
Besides their resources &the poppy fields ur protecting, what's it that u want to win in Afghanistan? Do u btw R the MOAB u dropped on them?
So you got paid off with a job for the old lady?  #Sad #TreasonWeasel #DrainTheSwamp
I have never blocked as many 'people' in a row as i have with this tag. Very efficient cult45 / troll / bot finder!
For when you go out hunting #TreasonWeasels
@SenJohnMcCain we cannot devise a plan. The Afghans must cooperate. Today they appear unreliable.
What have you been doing for 17 years  playing politics
There never was, and never will be, an articulable strategy in the War on Terror.
"We need an enemy so the people will fight our wars"....who created the [war on] terror?
http://www.globalresearch.ca/we-re-going-to-take-out-7-countries-in-5-years-iraq-syria-lebanon-libya-somalia-sudan-iran/5166 …
The day America leaves Afghanistan, will it simply return to Taliban control? Should we stay for 50 years?
After your drunken appearance w/Comey questioning you need rehab and retirement. gop has always been a white boy gang but you Confirmed now.
You also show your Racism and obvious jealousy if her intelligence and her youth. U should have retired when you were still valid. Grow up.
Why do you allow the Repub's to draft their healthcare bill in secret? Where is your voice, Sir?
Please Senator McCain, be more respectful of Kamala Harris. For  everybody's sake. 
Now I see why you flipped Cindy shameful. I shall no longer follow you Sir. You have lost my trust.
You sir need a new agenda and need it now!  You're becoming a Trump ass kisser and it smells bad.
Now lets go to McCain, its time for him to go retire in a nice state  like Wisconsin. Where he can sit down and watch the cows produce white
I am deeply disappointed by your questions and conduct in the Sessions hearing. Seems like your wife's pot. ambassadorship changed you.
We need to leave Afghanistan, no more killing.
How will we know when we win?
Sen do not worry only last 8 years last 17 years of failed policy
When are going to retire old man?
STOP INTERRUPTING SEN HARRIS!
