You know Trump is a Russian agent, right?
You know there is zero proof and you sound like a commie by violating US constitution 'innocent till proven guilty '
Trump's constant pro-Russian statements and actions prove he is an agent. This is not a matter of opinion.
proves he's sane.McCains the globalist traitor. stealing peoples $$ 2 fight corporate war, supports terrorism.Russia fights NWO terror
Proves trump wants best 4US w/peaceful trade when Petro dollar collapses from Mccains private bankers bosses pillaging USA into bankruptcy
You really don't have any idea, do you?
Enlighten me then instead of bullshit. Watch McCain making threats to Shanahan 4 doing his job yesterday,2 give tax$$ 2 Ukraine Terrorists
You do know Russia has invaded Ukraine, right?
Agree. Russia is still cynically denying any involvement in Ukraine, despite "annexing" Crimea. (Interview on BBC w/fmr RU Rail Czar 6/20)
search news from Crimea.they voted to join Russia . McCains wants to murder 4$$ while veterans healthcare infrastructure is bankrupt. Satan
Give?  We are in debt to the tune of almost 20 trillion dollars.  We don't need to be giving anything
Yes, you do per the Budapest Memorandum.
I think you better re-read that memorandum, there is nothing about us giving away weapons to them.  If anyone is in violation, it is Russia
The Budapest Memo says that Ukraine gives up its nukes and in exchange the US and UK guarantee that Ukraine's borders are respected.
That is the US, UK, and Russia.  Since Russia has troops there already, they must be safe.  Nothing in it about free weapons
Russia guaranteed Ukraine that it would respect Ukraine's borders. Russia lied as usual. Security guarantees includes all aspect of defense.
It's is not a treaty, it is a memorandum, there are no guarantees.  And no free weapons.
Security guarantees involving anything to make sure Ukraine's borders will be respected.
In Crimea, 19000 UA soldiers gave up peacefully. 15000 of them joined the RUS army. Cut out the middleman, send weapons directly to Putin!
Why don't you ask him under oath why they wanted to change the GOP platform plank supporting Ukraine?
Arming Ukraine is the only option Trump will not exercise as pressured by Putin, but Congress can act. Russia needs to be put down, it's war
Forget it John you should spend Gorge Souass money to by them
No cuts to Medicaid!
And you should impeach him
так, Україна чекає на зброю
arming people again?ur not serious? This is why the US is looked at poorly. Pushing our interests and blaming others for them doing the same
Thank you, Mr. Senator! In such a decision of the Senate and the President you become an active supporter of Ukraine!
of THE Ukraine. Learn English plz.
Yup, the correct way to build peace according to retarded senile people.
Idiot
Ukraine is PART OF RUSSIA. You are a war monger backed by George Soros who started this whole thing and stop giving weapons to ISIS too!
Senator. Ukraine needs our boots on the ground. How long do we expect them to defend Europe alone? Canada has joined them. When will *we*?
Hey bud, what about the Soros donations you've been getting? Clarify/denounce?
Why don't you let the smart people make those determinations. Go back to your clay dough and wetting your self. Veterans for McCains nursing
You're quite obsessed with Russia. Just look at your tweets. Blinded by hate...
Это все из за того, что ты был сбит во Вьетнаме и просидел 2 года в яме с дерьмом?
Typical warmongering. Ok, let's all just pretend the USA didn't spend billions to oust Yanukovich. It was yet another US-backed coup d'état!
Yeah.  Good luck w that.  And you should be more outspoken against Trump and the damage he is wreaking.
Yes, and not so fast.
I have nothing against the UK but why does the US have to GIVE them weapons?
Stop talking and start doing!!! You are still a Senator...your tweets are those of someone watching from the sidelines. DO SOMETHING.
Sick man
Ukraine is a loser.  Why do you want to pick a loser?  You never learn.
Enough of this Russian obsession! Chinese military is growing in leaps & you are dicking around w/ Russia!
U R A WAR MONGER....
You need to resign. This isn't going to end well for you.
Latest: The Russia influence controversy that John McCain doesn’t want you to know about | Circa News - Learn.  http://circa.com/politics/accountability/the-russia-influence-controversy-that-john-mccain-doesnt-want-you-to-know-about …

The WH is quietly lobbying House Republicans to weaken the Russia sanctions bill. Rep. Brady is obliging them: http://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/world/asia/trump-russia-sanctions.html … 
What would YOU get in return for providing those weapons John. Know you well enough that you do NOTHING if you don't get rich from it!
Potus doesn't need your advice. Leaker
POTUS works for the Russians.
Sorry... didn't realize u were POTUS
Blah blah blah...he's not listening, wonder why
John, is it wrong to call you father a traitor and you traitor 2?  Go let Soros give you a good rear-ender.
How about you start talking about jobs and the economy?
Just give them nukes John. That will solve it. Perpetual war.
do not stay Frozen in the 1960s-1980s. Let it go . . . let it go . . .
He cannot - he sold them all to Saudi (and Qatar ) and ??
Those weapons are going to pro Russian groups in Ukraine and you know it
Trump is friends with Felix Sater. Word is sater is an FBI agent. Did u hear?
Good we need a insider pal because right now all you have is 16 years of dems running everything pal it what they call there deep state
America first John that's what we voted for. Let's focus on on that. The Russia sh!t is getting old.
Have you been confirmed as the Democrat candidate for the 2020 Presidential race yet?
McCain loves to give away weapons. American taxpayers foot the bill while his donors get richer. Win win for them and him. Lose lose for us.
You shouldn't have control of a TV remote, much less weapons for ANYBODY
Dream On Senator! Do you think @realDonaldTrump wants to provoke Putin into releasing the pee-tapes?
@GOP why isn't  John McCain investigated for his anti-american activities?
Is your answer to everything start a war ?
Give?  Sell, yes.
Wake up dude.Grab your little nut sack and hold this guy accountable. Thank you. Have a nice day.
How about getting your colleagues in the house to pass the bill and not water it down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #gop #comgress
Do you ever stop criticizing !!!  Please stop !
Too bad Trump Camp & Russia changed your party platform in Cleveland, did you hear about that maybe?
George soros funds McCain
Better pass the bill to send Ukrainian condoms and depends. They completely run out. Hurry up papa!
Yeah! Give them our guns, then we can buy more! Easy!
Too late. We already sold all our arms and integrity to Saudi Arabia. Besides...we know your just feigning interest anything re:russia.
That didn't work so well giving weapons to foreign powers that end up in wrong hands killing our troops with.BAD IDEA
How about just moving into the White House. Seems like you're pretty good at second guessing everything POTUS does.
Weapons to Ukraine. i agrees but Grain is enough to Ukraine, must it is will become weapons to nears. Hard to win war toward Russia.
Yes. I agree
Don't hold your breath.  But then you fall in line & vote for things you gripe about on twitter.  My generation would call you 2faced liar.
As long as you're the last person to talk to @POTUS before he makes a decision, you'll get what you want. Too bad you're not that guy.
You mean the man who feigned ignorance over Putin being in Crimea?
Lengthening a proxy war and risking escalation against nuclear armed state just SEEMS like a great idea
Supporting US ally that gave up its nukes in 1994 in exchange for US security guarantees seems like a good idea indeed.
I don't get it. Russia helps get @potus elected. Public outraged. We drop sanctions on them & then stick our nose in Ukraine?
Should the world have kept its nose out of Poland's business when Moscow & the Nazis coordinated an invasion?!?
They did keep their nose out of Poland and next thing they new Stalin & Hitler came for them because appeasement never works.
Fair point. Something to look back on w/ regret perhaps. But taking action against Germany & Moscow in Poland might have changed everything.
His boss doesn't allow
No we need to get the hell out, so tax payers dont have to foot the bill and you make the KICKBACKS.
America isn't in Ukraine. Russian troops are in Ukraine. So unless you're Russian your comment makes no sense.
Yes, Maverick ... take me to war or lose me forever!
Yes, & give FSA forces anti anti aircraft weapons too. Let them shoot some of those murderous planes down in Syria!!
How about you worry more about Americans Healthcare coverage? Relax a little bit with the wars!
He should stop a little bit with trying to stop Russia's wars? 10,000 Ukrainians killed so far but what do you care, right?
sit down John.
No. Will go right into PUTIN hands. Duh.
I have an idea send your best mate al bagdadi to fight the Russians like he did in Syria your putrid Isis loving dog
An you are the one that complains that @POTUS has not set enough funds for military. Yet we R to give it away?
POTUS should resign
#TrumpRussia
@realDonaldTrump 
Trump is scum
John whats this about and Soros and a bunch of money would you like to comment
Yeah, let's stir up an internal Ukrainian conflict even more.  Like $5 bn tax payers money to orchestrate a coup wasn't enough.
you ought to go home and retire while you still have some dignity left. You are loosing it fast.
Why would Putin's stooge in WH give them weapons?  You have to impeach him first!
I have a suggestion,visit Trump & tell him what you want. While you're at it, can you find out why the 2016 GOP platform was anti Ukraine
More important to arm the country where 9 of the 911 hijacker came from.But they paid well
Where's that Florida ? That's where 9/11 pilots came from
Tell that to you friends in the house.
We dont GIVE anyone anything anymore... Thats why we have a 20 trillion dollar deficit.. You're part of it
Question is  will he?????
Potus just gave your wife a nice cushy job... Conflict of interests, anyone?
Trump doesn't give anybody anything unless there's something in it for him. Remember his credo "Give to get" or have you completely lost it?
lol  as if he would.... Manafort /  Trump  /  Flynn  - Putin will be mad.
It's hard to stomach you anymore. You need to retire. #AZVoteHimOut and #MAGA
I'm glad he hasn't. Ppl like you would leave Putin to walk in on Ukraine, then other countries, eventually resume USSR.
Don't just sit there tweeting.  Get out to the frontline with those neo-Nazi militias since you are so dedicated to their cause.
Darn that pesky change in the GOP platform regarding Ukraine. How did that happen exactly? #TrumpRussia
Now you are talking. You are my kind of senator
Yeah.  The kind of senator who is always looking to start another idiotic war.
You know there is always a new war with a republican president. Economy is built up underway democrats goes down with republican leadership
@SenJohnMcCain if you want something to pass you probably shouldn't let people know you are for it. That's a huge red flag for us!
Venezuela´s regimen should be too plus another countries allies to them.
Of course you do! You are a war hawk!
Yeah that's nice John but as per all Trump issues it's basically pissing in the wind.
Have you ever met a war you didn't like?
In this case, its either us or them. Otherwise becoming a citizen of some no were island will do..peace..& no politics..
Yeah, that's likely.
We agree on that but waiting for you to push hard to save our #HealthcareBill #Medicaid for your AZ constituents.
Really hope you get prosecuted and locked up.
