President Trump gave the most moving, genuine speech supporting & honoring our military heroes than any POTUS in decades. So proud of him.
You appear to be of your own party, out of the loop of the gop, condoning the DNC and domestic terrorism. Your an embarrassment. #stepaside
hmmmm but their was an "acting" usaf secretary JOHN MELUCAS but paul in his 3 wars not a thing
by throwing in the "fascist priests" for free...? Paul J. Melucas
Says #SongbirdMcCain
No sweetie your boy is the major disgrace!!
Blessing and love to you on Memorial Day Sir. You are still cute as a bug!
Look, a picture of John McCain when he had balls.
So hateful. I'm not a Republican but McCain is a wonderful person.  Do you have a problem with him?
He picked Sarah Palin as running mate. He supported Trump even after Trump said he doesn't like POWs. So yes, I have a big problem with him.
VETERANS AGAINST MCCAIN
@SenJohnMcCain National Embarrassment & Traitor
#McCainMustGo #ImpeachMcCain
yo mccain, how come this paul j . melucas Googled produces diddly,  look at the tombstone???
-Say it: 
Seth RICH.
Ambassador STEVEN's team. 
And all other names..
Senator, thank you for your previous service. Time has come again to defend this country. Lock up Trump crime family.
Every day you support tRUMPS agenda you betray the heroes that have given their lives serving our country and protecting our freedom's.

crazy ppl
Leave it to you to propagate the Washington Post. That your go to source? The daily read? Explains a lot.
Funny thing is the USA congress let the CIA promote fake news which they try you put Hillary in office!
"When in history has a sitting US Senator traveled the world disparaging the sitting President of his own Party?  McCain is INSANE." Bill M
You and most of your Senate colleagues forgot to mention the two hero's who died in Portland OR standing up to a domestic terrorist :(
"They didn't die as willing martyrs".  They trained to protect civilian life everywhere not just limit casualties.
Yes. Out of respect, perhaps we should wait until tomorrow to remember those who acted selfishly, party over country, personal enrichment.
there are too many brainless american want to be Putin's spy ,that is sad
You disgust me.  Signed, happy lifelong (no longer) Republican college educated woman Ohio voter- now JUST TRUMP all the way. RINOS SUCK
Thank you for that. And you have the chance to lead selflessly once again. Please help stop the madness that is the WH and bring us together
Today we pray. Tomorrow it's back to John McCNN!
Selfless - like undercutting the agenda of your party for petty personal resons?
John you need to get back to being an American & forget Party All representives do.If there was a Russian influence that's a thrown election
You are not one of them.
John McCain the Songbird and Lindsey Graham bought and paid for by George Soros
Now if we can just get our elected officials to act selflessly for WE THE PEOPLE instead of themselves. Reps & Dems alike...sick of it.
Unfortunately, you're not one of them.
Republican leaders must demand Mr. Kushner's security clearance be withdrawn now or they resign their leadership positions. #CountryFirst
ISIS is a bigger threat McCain not Russia..you are senile
Didnt you sell out for her and bread..so sick of you dissing the President
Don't act like you care about our soldiers you liberal fraud
how many soldiers lay burried innocent civilians lay burried all killed by muslim muslims & John McCain are our greatest threat Trump victor
Thank you for your service to our country!
And those who did not...@POTUS
Mr. McCain our allies are turning away.  Trump is pulling us to a very dark place.
Sen McCain-what actions are u taking to protect our nation from traitors?  How do your actions today honor the memory of our fallen heros?
Read and be ashamed you draft-dodger @realDonaldTrump
No Trump mention of the soldier in Portland or Maryland: both killed by rabid white nationalist Trump supporters.
This is the epitome of selfless service - two of the men killed were soldiers. I am embarrassed for my country. Save us please.
And let us pray that our elected representatives honor their memory and sacrifice by acting selflessly themselves #CountryOverParty
In a day or so you will be back to your tricks and keep sticking it up Trumps ass..so why make it seem like your decent? Why Bother?
Colluding with soviet-style communist propaganda, McCain is spitting on our real heroes graves! The worse enemy of American People!
I am grateful to you for your past service, but do not understand why you will not take action regarding Trump.  You are failing our country
Yea but u vote for all trump policies to hurt vets. RESIGN
Sad that you have to fund raise to cover medical expenses. Universal, free health cover is the solution
Some people feel the heat, some people need to be burned by the fire, what do you need to have happen to rise up? Lead, please.
Mr McCain, I will give you a break today. Thank you for your service.  Tomorrow, I will ask you to retire and relocate to Russia.
Let's include the victims of the #portlandstabbing - how more selfless?
Respectfully Senator we are remembering those great Americans but what are YOU & colleagues doing to keep their sacrifice from being in vain
Blah, blah, blah

McCain Fully Supports Trump...

 Praising Dictators who MURDER & RAPE Citizens
  on Allies who DIED defending the US
Thanks for your service @SenJohnMcCain  Good luck getting DC back to sanity!
NONE OF THOSE HEAD STONES INDICATE   A LEFT OR  RIGHT POLITICAL PERSUASION
Pushing a fake news rag now? GTFOH
LET US REMEMBER McSTAIN WHO GAVE UP ALL THE SECRETS HE KNEW FOR BETTER FOOD AND A SOFT BED! JUAN McSTAIN IS A TRAITOR! HE AIDED THE ENEMY!
Honor our war dead by impeaching and removing this fake POTUS, put there by Putin and taking us into another war. Thank you for your service
#OpLibtard
Let not create more fallen soldiers from 45 striking NK. STOP HIM. #nowar
Thank you Sir. Appreciate the post.
And not who gave up to the enemy at the time your country needed you the most: to fight.

#UPDATE Trump actions have "weakened" West, and his "short-sighted" policies hurt EU interests, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel says 
Hypocrisy from fake news treasonist partisan paper.
Senator McCain I strongly believe you are more dangerous for America than ISIS and Putin. You were a sore loser in 2008 and a loser now.

WELL OF COURSE YOU REFER TO THE WAPO. OUR DAILY PROPAGANDA TABLOID...
Thanks for sharing Senator.
today, let us remember callous traitors who send american children to die senselessly in foreign wars.  thermite hypothesis ends war.
I appreciate your service more then 140 characters can convey Now stop being "troubled" and act on trump, it's not hyperbole all is at stake
It seems like yesterday! The eerie silence then the Thunder of weapons! You will always be remembered & engraved in my . Never forgotten!
As we now need our members of Congress to put Country before Party. Be Patriots. Be Statesmen. Do your jobs!!
Thank you for Your Service!  Happy Memorial Day!
Amen. And for those who continue to...
You could think about the message in there yourself.  When are you going to talk less and do more?
