Rohingya is not Bangali 
#Arakan State, today known #Rakhine State. But Rakhine #ANP party still using Arakan word. Arakan is Rohingya Word.
https://twitter.com/GoldingBF/status/919120783422775296 …
Speakg Of Fire,I'm Being Double Occupied Vicsroy Years Or Sandwich BoxraidDwnto1left,TooPetty,Buggers Resheam Asmilated To CountyHspSculleg
My ChaseAccntAgainMyBalToldnElevtrShsftyesterday, Ba Carefl, Get BankrFedMondayAmIllremmdThksSuckrKrmt
Jon, International community failed rohingyas.Hundred times that of yazidi Atrocities; a million lives at stake; no sanctions yet !
Heartbreaking!
Do u think its flim @SenJohnMcCain? Thats how #ethniccleansing ongoing & #Rohingyas r dying! #ActNow 2 stop
Hundreds of Rohingya Muslims risk a dangerous river crossing as they flee violence in Myanmar's Rakhine state 
They love #Bangaladesh . Because they r #Bangalis=Bangaladeshis .
yeah world know who is who & who's real crminals! ur hard days coming ahead
Welcoming that hard day bcoz of that couldn't come.
Rohingya muslims.
Are you implying that a muslim baby is somehow worth less than any other baby?
Why. Is that how you feel about it?  That’s what it sounds like. 
?  He stated there were Rohingya atrocities.  You added “Muslim”.  Either way, they are people.  Wondered why Muslim was important.
Because Muslims aren’t a really a peaceful group.  Their book instructs them to fight, to hate, to adher to strict rules.
That's a really crass comment.
True comment.
Coldhearted comment actually....
Instd of pressuring Indians to accommodate Rohingyas of dubious nature,UN shd order partition of Myanmar like India&Pak witRakhine2Rohingyas
ArePpl of India,esp.Jmu,wch is’NoEntry’4 othr Indns videArt.370&35-A,not entitld toHumanRts?It’s urgedWe take inRohingyaWmn&Kids,butWht ofKP
This pressure being brought on India by UN2accommodate Rohingyas is bcz of d exsiv 'secular'&ingratiating attitude of INC&JK Govt2Muslims&UN
The Congress has made a Refugee Dumping Ground of India!
In 2017, we are closer to the Middle Ages than we are to the Age of  Enlightenment.
There is something very wrong with this picture.
#Rohingya is one of a bright star like star in the sky . #President can save them for future star of the world.
Dear President 
Show your pure heart by saving #Rohingya Lives in Burma. Myanmar Gov had been doing Genocide . #USA can save by Peace Froce.
That is nothing compared to #RohingyaMuslims atrocities against #Myanmar Christians and Buddhists for decades. Not a peep from @UN .
I wonder what religion the killers of these people practice? Lutheran maybe?

The US must take the lead in stopping Myanmar Army equipped by Russia, China.

This makes me cry and want to throw up at the same time 
Ya throw up baby. But do read this too:
One supremasist doesn’t make all white people supremasists and one IS muslim doesn’t make all muslims IS. It just makes them wrong (to me)
Why don't you keep some muSLUM Rohingyas inside your home ? And never to read this:
-
Recount Atrocities of your time in Hanoi Hilton. #songbird Must be nightmarish you living knowing that you caused Americans to be killed.
Unfathomable atrocities towards innocent people...as if a life isn't precious... how despicable!
You are a democrat in desguise... Not for reelection.
Reading this story scared me. I can only imagine how they felt, God bless them.
Lord @SenJohnMcCain, Rohingya strategy-tears to get #intl attentions, hiding their inhumanity use abuses of women & childs as a human-shield
Islamic Terrorists suppotd by Pak Military Junta funded by US TaxPayers money routinely threw Hindu Babies in Air & piercing wd spear u slnt
Why your eyes are widely shut ignoring 7Decades of Brutal Mass Murders in #Balochistan by Sunni Islamic Pak Military Regimes funded by US
Can #HumanRights be selective? Aren't all H Bngs deserve equal Human Rights? Are some lesser Human Beings? Selective HRs mean FilthyPolitics
Why do keep ignoring extreme attrocities committed by #Rohingya for ur politics ? Mass killings of #Hindus in #Myanmar ! Selective SHAMEFUL
The #words on a mouth isn't hard evidences. #EthnicCleaning = no evidences. #Genocide = no evidences. Only the #words on ur mouth.
Everyone says how.But noone can stop it.Is there anyone in the universe who can stop it?Is he from Mars or Jupiter?
It time to pull out our Wahhabi ISIS soldiers from Syria and send them to Myanmar.
The US needs to do something about this now!
Remember the USS FORRISTAL
absolutely tragic,I&my @margbrennan condemned violence in #Rohingya ,must be stop,concerned human rights violation,humanitarian situation...
Yeah but but my friend @mia_missme791 & @ThedaLu will keep insisting she burned her own house & threw the baby in the fire herself 

Absolutely horrific: McCain elected to 6th senate term







@ProtectRohingya @nytimes #Burning Child, houses, #Minority, Burning #Humanity! World shd act 2 stop
Helllo white supremacist, did u read this:
They are #Buddhist-isis.
ARSA-Terrorists-Movement
https://goo.gl/96YfGa 
 Rohingya Crisis
https://vimeo.com/237373161 
Who are Rohingya?
@bouckap Terrible account by a woman of what could the devils be upto in Hell.
Felt unease n pain through out reading the write up! @nytimes

Why is the world silent about this horrific genocide ...will the leaders of that country face criminal charges in Hague.
Xenophobic barbarians.
Guilty conscience= hallucinating what southern slave farmers did on their prized slaves. You are ready to believe, other human repeat yours?
Psychologically, man with sadistic tendency wanted to hear and believe extreme masochistic stories knowingly untrue.Rohingya dance with tune
Every day going to bengladesh please help me Rohingya
We have to be a people who learn how to do SOMETHING!!!
Your threw us into the fire . You sold ur vote . You said repeal you can quit with dignity just go ur to corrupt
are we doing something to help???

let see what is the different
yes and you wont help trump take care of business why are you still angry. help america get great again what the hell is wrong with you
@keithellison @BarackObama @JoeBiden  can't we do anything to stop this genocide? #Rohingya
And this is just one story ; usa no reaction made it worse
Just terrible:: Gods Speed to this FINE LADY.

So why doesn't the UN do something about this?
Sorry about the baby but there are tens of thousands of militants among the Rohingya.   They're not so innocent.
So sad and even sadder that world is just watching, condemning without punishing the perpetrators of this uncivilized intolerance Act!!
And of course, our administration sits and watches. Wish we knew of a Senator that could help.
You can’t believe many stories from cultures that are known liars.  Retirement is for you John too old and too gullible. 
I wonder what's the role of United Nations....its a toothless dog.
@SenJohnMcCain U R not @POTUS
Please resign or at least focus on USA & AZ!
Repeal Obamacare
What are we doing about it?! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS
POTUS busy with NFL players kneeling down and creating Kim jnr nuclear reality TV show....rise up all and protect humanity
dear JMcCain God bless you with best health & life,when will u take over as president of US,oppressed world waiting.
Religion-based hate is the most atrocious.
Bet you weren’t horrified when you sold out your country though.
Bringing this up McCain, what's the solution? It's very sad, but are you suggesting USA Military become the Worlds Police again?
Women & children should be routed to a safe zone there with armed guards protecting them. None of these men should be refugees 2 civil socie
What is the United States going to do about this genocide going on?
Don’t let another Rwanda happen on your watch.
The Rohingyans fleeing Myanamar appear to be starving and defenseless.These people are raped and murdered. A huge humanitarian crisis.
Heartbreaking to read. Can’t believe I sit in my home safe and this is happening and nobody is helping these women of these horrific acts!
While US citizens are dying in PR & YOUR GOP does next to nothing to help!
Yes. Read the capabilities of Rohingyas:
_
Just rely on news wth ppl behind it? Is that how you come up wth Burma being US NSthreat before you saw 9/11? Thought US had Intel.Wait oh?
Thank you for sharing and to the NYT for bringing light to these atrocities.
As a Rohingya,I would like to express my sincere appreciation for your stand with the plight of #Rohingya peoples.
Yes. Read the capabilities of Rohingyas: did u keep any hindu? Don't say no: u butcher
_
This was a difficult article to read. It’s Yugoslavia all over again but much more gory & horrible. Strip her Nobel prize please.
Did u read this? Why don't u keep some Rohingyas inside ur home ?
Tell that to your buddies in the Israeli army whom you empower to sell arms to those murderers!
Also horrific Trump destroyed ACA today, denying PR Americans recovery, not showing 4 US soldiers killed or 15 CA fire victims ANY respect.
Are you getting Alzheimer's Drugs Delivered To You At Work  You Seem Forgetful & Need To Retire  Take Your Friends Or We
 VOTE THEM OUT

Too bad Trump won't let them in the US.
Let these horrific injustices fire you up ladies. You are the change.  Women need to support all women that’s how we fix it.
Horrible has gone on to long. When mean spirited people allowed hurt others. Behavior out of control effects ends human rights violations.
That's why these Rohingya-muSLUM-bustards are getting it:

Yes. Read the capabilities of Rohingyas:
_
This is what happens when you believe and sell ideologies women are not valuable. Women see the light.
Join the Peace Corps and retire Brutus. We are not the world police. Enough AMERICAN blood and treasure for those who don't appreciate it.
"O GOD u made US big brother to takecare of oppressed but US in recent years are baised and worked against humanity
Agreed Senator. Is this what's in store for us here when 45 stops 1A, cuts safety nets, turns fake Christians against rest. You can stop him
These begin then turn into this.US begins and headed same way. Stop the killing!
Footage of #Myanmar committing #genocide. Murdering #Rohingya children. Words fail me. 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1330988837026561&id=1306305982828180 …
Venezuela is 3 hours flight from Miami and is dying
Just like you threw us Americans into the bad healthcare fire. Thanks traitor Democrat
With all due respect, Sir. Our own 3.5 million Americans need help in P.R.
These folks fight ( fought) for our country.
Human beings becoming more like MONSTERs every damn day -
Didnt see you at the WH.    .    OF COURSE NOT.   UR SITTING AT UR DESK TWEETING CRAP 
That really stinks but should be handled by the UN or neighboring States. You need to be focused on US citizens esp ones in your district.
There are blacks killing each other in Chicago in a daily murders. That's horrific. I don't see you sweating over that.
That's why it must be stop
So is legalizing my government to KILL me here in America. Trump's healthcare EO will force me off insurance. To young to get medicare,
Make to much for Medicaid. Work for small bus of 20 people so no corporate ins. Where do I turn to? Who is going to save me from my govt? I
do not want to die a slow painful death.
I have an autoimmune. With Plaquinel (expensive) and blood checks and eye checks (meds can damage eye sight and organs) I stay a functioning
active participant in society. Without my market insurance I become a burden on society and die very slowly and painfully. What do I do John
The Lack of Humanity Across Our Globe Should Make Everyone Of Faith #TakeAKnee
Anyone who labels a whole people for the behavior of a few -I’m pretty sure that’s the textbook definition of racism.
And only Myanmar military and Myanmar Buddhists-Hindus seem to think what is happening to the #Rohingya women and children is okay.
That person can’t claim to be Buddhist or Hindi b/c they are not following principles of either. They have decided to kill “just in case.”
