Remember, GOP-- Dems are your allies. Not the Koch Brothers or Presidents who answer to Putin. You work for THE PEOPLE. Country over party.
Is that all you have answer to Putin please the only one that answers to Putin is your hero crooked Hillary
Trump asked Russia to LEAK stolen info which he weaponized to STEAL the presidency from the person who won the popular vote.
Repeal, don't shore up. You broke your word.
I can actually agree with you here. That is good news. Let 'em know John, we the (noisy) people are not going to tolerate nonsense. 
Then how do you tolerate McCain how can you tolerate his nonsense
Mr McCain you played right into Putins hand. Sanctions was what he knew and was hoping for. Can't believe you don't see the wider game! 
McCain...You need to GO!
To hell
and thats how a traitor is stabbing in the back an entire nation. Promised to work on repeal&replace Ocare, now he support it
Agree full heartily, fair and willing to work, to better a plan that is already in place. Simply needs bumps & edges smoothed out.
We don't need R or D wins or losses, we need good bipartisan legislation were  we ALL win as one democratic nation. Thank you Senators.
Poor Darcy you have no clue don't drink the Kool-Aid please don't be so naive
TOOTLES BOT!
@timkaine @SenAlexander  government wasn't put in place to give out Heath care! It was to protect its citizens
If Republicans don't grow a spine it won't matter,  the Dems are running all over you. Quit worrying about  reelection. #repeal/replace
Stop taking money from Freddie/Fannie Mac to fund Ocare it is illegal. Ocare was meant to fail anyway. Alinskys "Rules for Radicals"

Great. Keep this going, please
Oh the program that should have been repealed and you defended? That one?
Retire traitor
@SenJohnMcCain Are you crazy (I know stupid question)? @PattyMurray & @SenAlexander are among the craziest liberals in the @SenateFloor
Shut up old man
Actually, angry is an understatement. You'd be furious.
And I have never been a fan of McCain ever since I met him at a Christopher shays rally in CT as a teen
Yes. United we stand, divided we fall.
Does that mean you support POTUS Trump?
Thank you and I hope your treatments are going well.
Textbook LIBERAL Insoluable Dilemma
Its a sad day when a senator becomes a national hero because he votes country over party.
U said u would repeal it. Step down McCain. U lied like u always do. With ur current condition, u r not fit to hold office. Go away!
I  truly hope they find the Leakers in White House put their dumb asses in jail that's where they deserve to be . Truly an American people
Throwing more money at obozocare isn't going to fix this fail policy, REPEAL it like you promised for 7 yrs. hey your RINO is showing!
Dynamic leadership duo!!
Can we start by calling it The Affordable Care Act?
Totally agree. It's the USA ACA. We all own it. We need to fix it. Start by removing state boundaries for health insurance mkts.
What has Gov improved after taking over Dept of Ed, VA, SS How does a politician know how to run healthcare Government loves Government
FFS, repeal it already!  And then replace it with one that doesn't hose Americans!
Finally a bipartisan approach. It's what the overwhelming majority of Americans want. If only more of Congress got that.
Why subsidize a flaming train wreck?! Let it fail, and privatize most of healthcare. Put those less fortunate under gov't control.
extend CSR payments and provide federal re-insurance, this will go long way to reducing premiums
How is that any different than the Bill you destroyed? I do not understand your grand standing. STOP already.
Swamp creature McCain,  you aren't fooling anyone. This one of your stall tactics. The hell with you.
Lovely. NO THANK YOU
Trump needs to rescind the congressional exemption for Obamacare.  Congress can be under the bastard plan and see how you all like it.
Quit effing around with it, we all know it sucks.  Repeal and replace it NOW!
Senator McCain has perfected the skill of surrendering to your opponent as opposed to fighting for what is right. Weak.  Spineless. Just sad
Bad news: hearings on fixing the single largest entitlement & tax on Americans IS a step in the WRONG direction.
Bad News.  Senator McCain once again demonstrates a spineless approach to serving Americans by cow towing to progressives
Hearings it's failed what do they need to discuss? Go back to sleep.
McCain voted out!  Caring more about himself than us.   U are the swamp!   Obamacare supporter.  Saw ur vote.   Enjoy ur elite healthcare.
Finally People with sense.  Make ACA stronger and quit trying to start front scratch.  Why waste tax payer money on something new.
Definitely a loser!
Yes we need to work together
Investigate collusion btw drug mfg, ins co & dems in cong. It's all there in black and white. MILLIONS exchanged hands; mid class suffers
The traitor McCain will vote against. Maverick? Haha. Songbird
It's a start in the right direction.
better news wld be you guys r forced to use obamacare & see how fast things get changed
Oh YAY !!!  Like anyone in the RAT party is going to honor the constitution and get government OUT of health care.  Stupid brain dead RINO
This is a good thing, but it's sad that it's actually news.
It's not good when #creepy #marionette #timkaine re-tweets you. #rino #yikes #obstructionists
On a day where POTUS speaks about Boy Scouts loving him, happy to see Senate working to cooperate and cogitate. Appreciate regular order.
#SinglePayerNow
https://twitter.com/twistedinga/status/889232718713806848 …

#Obamacare #GruberGate #ObamacareForCongress #RepealObamacare #FullRepeal #MAGA #ccot #tcot #pjnet #TeaParty #GOP
Thanks to Jonathan Gruber for revealing Obamacare deception, it hinges on "stupid voters"!  http://wapo.st/1sZ5xmp?tid=ss_tw-amp …
Sen Mc Cain   Any step w/ liberals is a step w the devil
So senator songbird, will you be purchasing my groceries because I can't afford them while paying for healthcare.
Glad you don't have to deal with the consequences of your own vote.
Alexander is what is referred to as a RINO. All his career. Worst Tennessee Governor we ever had!
The first person to be there should be @BarackObama! He knows what need fixing!
All these fake ass @OFA Bots posting.
Brilliant! Hold hearing to find out how much more the dead Obamacare is going to cost taxpayers. This @SenateGOP is just stupid.
affordable care act. Why try and divide by saying obamacare
No, Repeal and replace later is the right thing and you know it
MAY is the OPERATIVE word.
Excellent news. Looking forward to bipartisan approach to lower costs in the individual mkt. There are common-sense ideas all can agree on.
Yes since it was bipartisan when it was created right?
Here's a suggestion for your state.
Well, if I could only pick 1 for AZ specifically, I’d say #12: Tie MCO contracts to exchange participation: http://acasignups.net/17/07/25/updated-if-i-ran-zoo-20-repairsimprovements-obamacare-20 …
You guys are going to work together to solve a major problem for Americans?!? It's about damn time.
I've done a lot of reading and I found the major problem conservatives don't like is the mandate. Urban has found some ways around that.
Here's some reading on how to possible work around individual mandate http://www.urban.org/sites/default/files/publication/87076/2001054-repeal-and-replace-aca-fix-it_2.pdf …
You're a crawler.... slither back into the swamp.
That's your party #TRAITOR!
LA must be retiring.  Shoring up ACA will get him beat in Tn.  Count on it.
Good news is if you keep your repeal promise   But you are so Hateful and Revengeful to Trump since he beat you you just had to say NO!!
It's the step that should have been taken years and years ago, if the GOP had more honest servants and less lockstep partisanship.
You still alive?
Sorry I got so mad at you with your "yae" vote to debate Trumpcare. You knew what you were doing. Glad you voted no and the bill was killed.
Really?
Geez @JohnCornyn weren't you just saying this wasn't happening
Obamacare premium increases for 2018 projected at 30% or more. So why did Senate Ds refuse to work with Rs to afford consumers relief?
Dems will never pass a bill that repeals Obamacare. If GOP passes a bipartisan bill that repairs it then there's no reason to vote GOP again
This is not good news sir, it only highlights the fact you betrayed us.
Please, dump the crap.
Deep State Traitor
Full agree! We need a return to regular order on healthcare. Thank you @PattyMurray & @SenAlexander for forging ahead.
You betrayed the American people by killing repeal after you campaigned for that.  Now it is repair Obamacare
If you don’t know who you are: you cannot make a mistake
http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 
And what direction would that be? #ImpeachTrump
ObamaCare is illegal, unconstitutional  should be completely repealed. This is pure Marxism. And you are working with Progressive Marxists
RINOS and liberals who do not believe in or act on our values.  What they do is LIE and beg for votes.  No more, just wait until primaries
A step in the right direction would be for you to retire. Do us a favor. You aren't thinking clearly. You are sick.
Never-ending story!
Thanks to you
McCain, You promised repeal & replace many times when you were up for re-election. You lied to us all! We all don't own this law-the Dems do
Actually, the Republican Party is in charge. What happens to this law is on them. If trump withholds subsidies, that's on you.
About time
Hope u r doing well @SenJohnMcCain. U r n my thoughts and 's.
This is encouraging news.

Good tweet! Would have been better to name it ACA. But nice to see you all are listening to each other!
Finally
Patty Murray can do anything. She used to work with children. She can work with anyone.
Help the millions that don't have health care.  I've had Medicare for 17 years so I'm lucky. Too many don't and are suffering, like my kids!
First glimmer of hope I've seen. I also agree with Kelly & Richard. Let's take politics out of it & start calling it the ACA. We all own it.
U.S. is vulnerable & resilient; Martial Arts works, bigger they come harder they fall. Shorin Ryu from a body guard of emporer; Jimmu
Thank you for your efforts on fixing what is broken. Admire your courage in all levels
Thank u, Sen. McCain, for your vote last week;U helped millions. In 100 yrs when they read abt u in hstry, they will know u stood 4 the ppl.
Multi year majority but no hearings on Obamacare? Multiple votes to repeal. You guys look silly at this point but you're oblivious. Sad.
Listen both sides get healthcare right or u will all be gone!  Agree to tweet it every year u people are not smart enough to fix it at once
Finally! Good! 
it's about time!   Bravo.
Really more BS from are so called leaders... Such a BS comment from you Senator less McCain.. The American People are over you & this BS
You think Tennessee grassroots
Is going to support there ass 
I am one of them answer is
Hell no
Liar.
Shore up ? A fancy word to provide money to failing business. To pad the politicians pocket.
Finally some rationality! Thank you Senator McCain.  Please push to get our ill president out of office do we can be governed thoughtfully.
Be sure to practice your "thumb down" gesture so it will be more obvious on camera next time.
You voting yes would have been a step in the right direction!
No it wouldn't have. That bill helps no one
Anything you say on #Obamacare or any type of healthcare is a LIE. You true colors already came out. There are smarter senators to support
About dam time, as a republican i have been embarrassed for 6 months we need to impeach this childman, i am with the Democrats on this 2018
No shoring up. Period. Get rid of that thing.
Your such a traitor to your party!  Your just trying to get yourself a legacy even if it's for betraying your party!
Obamacare forced millions on to Medicaid & in < 8 years 112 million working age will be on it. Progressives path to single payer. Repeal it.
Reality: McCain's hatred of Pres Trump exceeds any notion of implementing the Will of the People. They voted to repeal Obamacare 4 free mrkt
Well you sure aren't the leader that you claimed to be in stopping Obamacare
Sir, a step in the right direction is Medicare for All.  No citizen should be left to die or go bankrupt for medical reasons that's barbaric
Thank you for your leadership on this issue!! Health care is life and death for all Americans. Congress must work together on this.
More bipartisan cooperation is always better
Good news!
Yes!
Thank you for your help sir, it's just too bad they didn't work together sooner.

PFC Guardadocongress can examine today w/ emergency SF Bay media coverage. Hope retires & Obama Care, healthcare plan see's a modern world.
Thanks John, you are fighting for us!!!!
Sure, bring in the insurance execs to plan. They get rich and taxpayers pay more.
This is the way a legislature is supposed to work.
yes.
Good idea
Time to return our legislative branch to those who put country first. Do the right thing and you'll be stunned at how much support there is.
Yes it is past time.  But you all propose doing the opposite of that.
You will have all the votes you need when you come up with a bill that is BETTER than Obamacare. That is, insures MORE Americans - not FEWER
You give "good news" on healthcare? Does this mean you will bend us over, after you stabbed us in the back? You are garbage!
YES!!! Thank you Senator's @PattyMurray and @SenAlexander !!!
We are so grateful for your vote @SenJohnMcCain and your voice as we move forward! @SenAlexander and @PattyMurray thanks for your leadership
@SenJohnMcCain Your retirement would be a good step in the right direction. Do your job-Keep your promises.
Thank you for bi-partisan efforts to save health care. #StrongerTogether #Healthcare #workingtogether @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Thank you for listening to the people and working towards a solution that will Aid all Americans by bolstering Healthcare& repairing the ACA
Thank you senator McCain, @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins for your roles in returning order to the senate.
Three decent Senators made it possible.
Voters want bipartisanship!
A LOUD CLANKING was heard and Senator BIG BALLS McCain showed up on Capital Hill. He Huffed and He Puffed and flipped his Thumb Down!
These two are exceptional.  Murray definitely knows how to do the heavy lifting.
No, it's not: http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-obamacare-rates-released-0802-biz-20170801-story.html …
Notice the intent of the hearing is to shore up OCare - translate more taxpayer dollars to insurance companies to continue a failed system.
Where were all the country over party comments when the GOP was trying to fix the ACA? These comments would be laughable if not so sad.
The hero we "deserve." https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
Most republicans have lost there way. Your leadership is needed!
Really?  I think that it might be the other way around - McCain, Alexander, and other so-called Republicans have lost their way.
Maybe in this decade..
The Here and Now is what matters
Replace Obamacare with #Medicare option for everyone and means test for low income! Encourage competition between private plans & #Medicare!
Oh goodie another Senate hearing.Those have been so effective in the past & we should repeat the process.And Murray has been so constructive
You promised repeal! You lied! Obama care can't be fixed...,
McCain...fake Repub...fake hero. "Let's see Donald make America great again now".  His legacy is pettiness. Sacrificing his states welfare
Sen. John McCain proved he cares about millions of people by not voting Obamacare out! He is a true hero
Thank Senator Hohn McCain for your service to this country and your leadership in the senate! Your needed more than ever!!
the right step will be when your gone songbird
I hope your comrades enjoy their vacations. Get well soon sir
@paynetrayne1225 if they are looking for patients or children of patients. Hippo and I are always ready to head over. 
Repeal ACA no replacement it's socialism to say pay or pay fine and jail time on third failure to pay pure socialism!!!!!!!
@SenAlexander I live in & own a sml biz in TN & my rates are up 300% in 6 yrs. I will NOT vote for you if you patch Obamacare. @SenBobCorker
Senator McCain. What do you think about Steven Bradbury? Is he truly the author of torture as some are purporting?
just get it together and do what's best for the American people not the Rich people
They only want to fix their broken Obamacare at the taxpayers expense. 

I don't think so
retire
First rule of bi-partisan healthcare discussions- mandate Congress, staff, Cabinet, POTUS all enroll in ACA or any healthcare plan passed
They worked well together before. This is excellent news. Very happy to hear this.
Shut up and retire.
