If he lifts sanctions that means he colluded with Putin to interfere with the election.
oh is that what it means? Thank you for your insightful analysis on the matter...
They invaded Ukraine! And still hold onto the territory! He wants to lift so Rex can drill OR they really are colluding. He got a
friendship medal from Putin Rex is the only American to have that, Flynn worked for RT Putins propaganda arm, he IS being
investigated for calls on the very day sanctions were announced! You Trumpers drape yourselves in the flag yet are so quick to
sell us out to communism and Putin. #FauxPatriots
How is Russia? Whats it like living with restricted rights under a brutal dictator?
@BlindBatBrewer @POTUS Need Russia to work with us to fight middle east.
Sanctions set for a reason, can work together with them in place.
Time will tell.  All I am saying is that without Russias help, I dont see how we defeat terrorists.
Don't think we needed their help getting Bin Laden
Youre mistaken if you think thats where it ends.  They have over a billion religiously charged people.
You are mistaken if you equate those of faith with those who defile using the name of the faith
My point is that there are many more hate filled radicals than Bin Laden, and their numbers are large.
My point is that we do not need to abandon our principles or ideals to defeat terrorists.
you have become a sad man.  More war more antagonism.  I used to repeat u John.  So sad
Are you a patriot or a pro-Putin traitor?
I am a person who thinks antagonizing a nuclear power like #russia is foolish
Make America Scared Again.
Saber rattling - your proposal - is more dangerous
The sanctions are already in place, why lift them, especially for nothing in return.
like lifting the Cuban sanctions..to extend an olive branch to mils of #russianpeople
Cuba hasn't invaded or commited cyber warfare on anyone recently as far as I can recalled
He may lift them and not tell you.
Good to see a US Senator taking initiative on the Russian sanctions against this regime.
Thank you for being a voice of reason
Stand tall & help protect us from this lunatic @POTUS!  NO to @jeffsessions, @AGScottPruitt, @realRWTillerson & @BetsyDeVos
all this will do is hand tie the president why didn't u put sanctions in place when Obama was president
senator McCain get back to your reasoning and stop being fool , stand behind trump .
Too late. Done.
Americans love Russia . you and your CIA flunkies dont get it.
Remember the picture u took with alcada thinking their rebels? What a fool
What are you going to do about @POTUS putting an avowed Leninist on security council?
Trump is not going to talk to congress about anything. It is much better to just make orders without talking to anyone
no that's what Obama did he mistakingly thought he was king
You need to do more. You need to investigate #Trump
can you stop the madness? Are you brave enough to stop Shitler?
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Only stupid people would use a damn news outlet's opinions 2 form policy & decisions
Senator Mccain,can you tell us what you will DO when Trump DOES make a move to remove sanctions?
John McCain, bravo.
we all know Shitler is illegitimate that he collided with Russia! Why isn't this being investigated!
but you confirmed Rex Tillerson... so? 
That's not the way this country works. You can't block a candidate because you disagree with their mandate.
what mandate??? He lost the popular vote by 3 million people.
If POTUS was elected by popular vote, the US wouldnt exist, and campaigns would skip Idaho.
uh who campaigned in Idaho this year???
You're on your last term, John.
Try working for America instead of against
trying to start a war with russia while china lines your pockets. I hope you hang for treason.
I sincerely hope you follow through on this Sir, thank you for being a leader and standing for AMERICAN values on this
Sen. McCain, please impeach him. We don't need WWIII. He will kill us all. I'm scared to death of what he will do next
1. Hey John you are nearing the twilight of your mostly distinguished career. How do you want to be remembered?
2. You can continue on with half measures of you can break out the knives and fight. You could end your career as...
3. ....the hero we have all been told you are/ were. It's up to you to define how you wish to be remembered.
4. 

Fight this man John McCain. You share nothing with this buffoon and you owe him nothing.

Do it for America.
Do you dream of Russia in your sleep? RETIRE already, please, for God's sake!
Senator do not let Putin win!
Please help. Please. He's destroying all of our hard earned relationships with allies.
John you have to stop Trump lifting sanctions. WTH is going on between him & Putin? Chilling & creepy!
Ridiculous! Tiptoeing around not to hurt Terrorists feelings yet unwilling to work with Russia....simply ridiculous!!
thank u SenMcCain for placing country before profit.Thank u for being strong even if it causes a hissy fit @WhiteHouse
But, he can't do that, Senator. That was the deal. They help elect him, he lifts sanctions. Go and ask him yourself.
Russia did not help elect anyone. I voted for Trump. All by myself. No Russians in my voting booth.
That's hardly convincing. Read this:
Many Americans say thank you for staying strong & on top of this. The Russians must be held accountable.
you must work with Russia. or war with it Pick one!
Cut the cord! Fight to free our elected officials to represent for those who elected them! #campaignfinancereform #DTS
Sen McCain U are again being a true hero TU
Support President Trump's efforts to lead, or resign and get out of the way!!!
Many of us respect your leadership and your conviction to do the right thing regardless of party! Please continue to do so!!
Looks like Trump is eager to work with Putin. GOPS made a big mistake with Tillerson, Bannon, and Flynn.
hope he vetoes you if you manage to get enough support in both houses. @POTUS doing work for the people
Please stand strong, these are very dangerous times.  I know you know that. @SenJohnMcCain a R with a brain & heart.
Please keep up the fight
You screwed over your Vetrans for years. Now you are screwing with All Americans McCain. The whole country went RED.
thank you for taking a stand on this and immigration ban. Please stop Steve Bannon from being on Nat'l Security Council.
Listen closely we do not want more war everywhere. We are tired of filling war pockets. Start working together..
you don't seem to follow your own advice Mr.McCain, it's time to move on, give it a rest
Sen. McCain, please stand firm against unwise and erratic actions of the President. We need your strong leadership now.
And you should also oppose Tillerson nomination. Be that maverick you once were
Sen. McCain, please continue to be a voice of non partisan reason.
Your honor and class is always evident even if we don't agree on many issues. You shine here.
McCain who orchestrated the Syrian& Libyan war with Hillary? who created ISIS? the world is mess, no because Putin
Thank you!
Thank you for speaking up against @POTUS. Hopefully others from the #GOP will follow. Now this ignorant #Immigration EO
@WheelerWalkerJr @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS McCain is an idiot soros puppet
Hope you & other friends of #Ukraine don't cave to @POTUS next time
felling sad,
as if life didn't have all unnecessary frustration;
one has to eyewitness the latest!
-- Why not just go home to Az and retire???I think that is where you can do the most good for the country.
You're one of handful we count on to keep this madman in check. Thank you!
There is much speculation about Russia hacking DNC but no evidence! @POTUS should be making foreign policy, not you!
We chose Trump and want better relations with Russia! You need to follow @POTUS on Russian relations!
You sir are not the elected president!  We voted for Donald Trump to be @POTUS and want him to make are foreign policy!
Mutual respect and understanding between Russia & USA has enormous implication for world peace! Sanctions do not work!
I cannot believe I voted for this AH in 2008. The only good thing he ever gave us was Sarah Palin!
Thank you for being a real warrior of democracy and pushing back on torture.
thank you John McCain for standing up to a Russian influence
NON OF YOUR BUSINESS!!!!
You are a war hero, but we won't stand for a republican that undermines our republican president. I once voted for you. Time to retire?
from all we know u seem to be the one speculating Trump said he wants to reach out no giveaway it may not work
Sen McCain thank good we have you!!!  You are the lone bright light in Washington!
Yes, Yes Yes stop the insane behavior by the President.
Please make your vote for Rex Tillerson conditional on @POTUS's promise to keep sanctions on Russia.
plz start that action stat. DJT too unstable & he doesnt care about USA.  Only himself & hes a LIAR
You helped a draft dodging demagogue get elected who smeared your POW sacrifice. That's gotta sting.  @DangereuseProd @POTUS
#PutUpOrShutUp you've backed down from every fight so far regarding Trump. Why should we believe you'll fight now?
- counting on you to hold POTUS accountable and not be his puppet
Please you and your republican senators control POTUS.  It is getting very scary every day!
You and your Colleagues better work to remove him from office
@kushkandy95 @POTUS We need a new election, not legit.Don't lift sanctions on Russian & they will leak proof he is not legit.
McCain will hold firm, he knows that Russia is a threat.
If Putin moves Weapons out of Crimea & Ukraine  Sanctions can Go Away.
@SenJohnMcCain can create a War elsewhere !!
How long do you plan to support the puppet and dangerous bigot in the people's house or are you still afraid?
Excellent, Senator.

Will you also work on reversing Trump's Muslim ban?

@SenJohnMcCain
Senator, more is needed than just re: Russia. The madness of this 1st week will destroy who we are as a country & our economy
Do you need George Soros money? your wife money seems not to be enough for you, jealous, vindictive old man
this is your last term John
water boarding is not torture
watch...!  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will do everything within his power to dash the russia sanctions...
McCain, will you not put country over party? Shouldn't your first duty be to PROTECT DEMOCRACY and the CONSTITUTION?@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS
Senator I support you in your efforts against an "alternative" President. Keep it up.
And you've received the intel briefings. You know exactly why he wants to lift sanctions.
You have a history of talking a good game, then folding like a cheap suit. Show us, don't tell us.
Don't waste your time Trump owes Putin Bigly for throwing American Election. American Democracy now Russian Owned.
I can't possibly be the only one to see that Trump must protect the ass that kisses the most...Russia/Putin...
you sure??or are you just grand standing only to vote with Trump later.
Please save us from this madman. I don't recognize my country anymore!
yeah that isnt going to happen, as he actually removes the sanctions.  DO SOMETHING ALREADY
u know how evil @POTUS is. U spoke agnst during primary. How can u now toe party line on most issues when u know it's immoral
AMERICA WILL HOLD YOU TO THIS
Sen McCain, I'll believe it when it happens. No faith, no more.
@ You must do something NOW about the immigrant blockade! Stop the EO NOW! It is unAmerican to close the golden door!!!
@cr8tivegoddess @POTUS Good luck with that. You woke the dragon and are letting it breathe fire. We r fucked.
Can lift any executive order sanctions. You want them, do your job and get them the right way. #DTS #Termlimits #MAGA
Please stop the madness!!!!!
John what you need to do is solidify your relationship with the president and his cabinet, quit being Rogue old man..
in business you must always keep one door open for the possibility of a good deal. you don't know that, Mr. bad deals.
you are driven by politics and the ticks in Washington, you don't know what new blood looks like if it spilled on you
@GOP - The #GOP needs to stepup for #America. Its time #GoodOldBoyParty prove thy aren't in on all of ths
@michikokakutani @POTUS trump is treasonous. Why don't you do something about THAT instead of just cleaning up his messes?
Will you investigate why Trump's Exec Order excludes countries where he has business ties?
glad to see you're getting to work!!!! so much to do
Will you put country over party and #ImpeachTrump for high crimes or misdemeanors? Fraud, charity scam, Emolument Cls.
@michikokakutani @POTUS especially since he's still accepting money from them. TREASON
Will you demand white supremists be removed from White House posts?
Will you ensure a full independent investigation of Trump and #Russiahack is completed?
mccain u probably received money from lobbyist EU, beside ure NOT HERO for being CAPTURED..probably spill all SECRET
Will you prevent a trade war caused from reckless tariffs?
Will you lift gag of federal agencies?
Will you protect integrity of research and science from partisan politics?
Will you also put a hold on nominees until Trump divests his business conflicts?
Will you also stop Senate votes until Trump releases taxes as he promised?
please please do everything you can to stop detention centers in our airports, Syrians et al being persecuted
Will you also protect the Constitution and fight to end the #MuslimBan?
Thank you Mr. McCain.  I hope more politicians take your lead in putting country first.
tell trump he is the most hated man in the world.
Watch out! Putin's puppet is in the WH and is in debt to the Russian intervention in the election. All they had to do is change 100k votes.
#LiftSanctions & Fight Along Side #Russia in Syria
McCain U Need to Shut it.. You Lied Like Obama about Syria.. We Patriots Don't Care what U think..
@OpticalDesigner @POTUS I don't always agree w/Sen McCain, on this I'm 100% w/him.
problem is we've seen all tough talk then buckle down. Remember you all work for the people including trump. We'll vote u out
In the past I just disagreed with GOP. But 8 years of disrespect &obstruction of BO & GOP support 4 DT, I now have 0 respect
@sapiosanct @POTUS So McCain is the only guy among GOP that cares about one thing, among many crazy things, Trump is doing!
With all due respect @SenJohnMcCain, but why didn't you take same approach with Iraníes' sanctions? 
WE TRUST our @POTUS' decision!
#MAGA
@ucantstop_me @POTUS Sen. McCain:  Denounce. Join rational forces. IMPEACHMENT NOW!
thank you for standing up on this important issue!
Dear Mr. McCain, thank you for all your efforts. 
But actually, sanctions should be increased.
You need to finally stand up to the @Gop in a meaningful way - we've been waiting long enough. #resist
do the  a bigger favor and IMPEACH @realDonaldTrump before it is too late. Then impeach @VP! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
hey could you blame him? he is getting billions in rosneft stock, who cares if Ukraine falls back to Russia, right
thank you. Uphold American democracy
John McCain.  I would rather make friends w Russia. Russia in dire economic border squeeze. Wounded Bears bite.
you need to act quick. The speculations alone are hurting Europe, and US role as a reliable partner.
I know you're on your last term and probably don't care anymore, but don't piss off the people that voted for you.
How about the just signed Muslim travel ban John? Please weigh in on this is you want to taken at your word
let them establish relationship
@TheBriefTruth would you please do that!
We need EVERY conversation w/World Leaders LIVE broadcast! WE CAN'T TRUST HIM! ESPECIALLY W/RUSSIA!!!
Vladimir Putin is better than you McCain!
Tell him you'll work with your colleagues to investigate and prosecute for treason! History is watching you
please help. We need you to speak up. NOW.
Forget about these issues. Start impeachment proceedings now!!!
Please hold strong to that integrity as we watch him destroy our democracy and country. #NoBanNoWall
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! I was hoping the Rep would have some ethics but they failed. Prove me wrong!
For God's sake, do something!
Thank you Senator McCain.  This is not a party issue.  This is about the integrity and safety of our nation.
I hope you will also speak out against @nikkihaley and her horrendous UN threats
Glad he did this, but is this BS to lull public into thinking he is fighting? Do not stop ur #Resistance
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS Sounds like Trump's first veto.
The deal is already done, Senator.  Impeachment is the only way forward.
If Trump lifts them it's a sure sign to me that they are in cahoots.
@boogers2011 @POTUS We need you to fight this man with all your might! Eat your Wheaties and get your Superman cape out!
I did not vote for you but am THANKFUL for your presence and fight against @POTUS for all the crazy frightening behavior!!
Thank you John @SenJohnMcCain
I'm not a Republican but I'm soo impressed by you.  Clearly the fights still in ya! Dems should work with you.
Been senator too long. Still do not know how to negotiate. Acting for your rich friends, not Americans. Taking Dem $.
The POTUS set the foreignnpolicy of the nation. Not the Senate nor the political party that did not support him.
@thesavvypundit @POTUS Sen McCain where have you been the last 8 years with all this tough talk. How bout governing MAGA
Thank you Senator for standing up and resisting these fascists, sycophants, shameless political climbers and pseudoChristians
Thank you SenJohnMcCain
Mr McCain we will hold you to this!
@Nur_Allen @POTUS He will make u look like monkeys just like what he's doin to our country U guys should be ashamed impeach
, but what about @POTUS investments in Russia?
Thank you.
Why haven't you spoken out in outrage over the EO Muslim ban?  You, sir, are a MINO (Maverick in name only)!

Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Please stop his madness. Our government can't continue to fail us by supporting someone like him.
good thing you're not President!!
Hope Ukraine's friends won't cave this time. #UnitedforUkraine
Thank you for doing your job, Sir. (from the other side of the street)
thank you John McCain please,help us!!!
