Yea it prob would've been better for America to have kept our #Uranium, but then @BillClinton would've had to actually work for his money .
Omg a conservative female in LA.  God bless you. Probably need to start you a gofundme acct. keep up the fight people's rights
Yes. A Conservative born & bred in West Hollywood & my Dad is a Brazilian Immigrant, now an American Citizen & Republican. Also rare. 
Hey john the traitor, when you vote to repeal obamacare , you may opine again. #maga
Did you serve?  Lousy judge of charater  & zero understanding of process complexity. Against O'care because it starts with "O"? Deplorable
Most people feel McCain is a traitor and he is proof that just because someone serves it does not make them all knowing.
No, most people do not "feel he is a traitor". Which vocal, deranged minority do you belong too?
Hey hater there is free mental treatment underACA.
Hey rita, I hope you avail yourself of that coverage.
I worked my butt for 30 years for my health insurance it is not an entitlement. Mandated Healthcare for everyone is on the path of communism
John don't worry your President will take care of it have a lie down
Go back to bed.WE GOT THIS!No need for you to worry yourself about it.
We have a gigantic military budget already- where is the spending going to?
True, we need such a military. But too much spent on that lines contractors' pockets instead of buying effective, reliable weapons systems.
We spend more than the next six countries combined
U.S. military spending dwarfs the budget of the #2 country – China. For every dollar China spends on its military, the U.S. spends $2.77.
forked tongue speaketh !
U started it u moron
You sir need to do American people a huge favor and retire. Your constant warmongering for the sake of receiving the MIC $$$ is troublesome.
Too bad we have an idiot prez, since our defenses are weakened by GOP handing Russia the keys to our cyber security. Way to go!
We must have a POTUS that is mentally stable!!!!  Our president is our BIGGEST THREAT!!! DO SOMETHING BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE! #IMPEACH45
John, we keep rebuilding the military at the cost of the social safety net.
The only organization escalating threats is NATO by moving more equipment and soldiers right next to the RU border & US fleet in the SC sea.
Why are we not shooting down a North Korean missile that violates the air space of our ally Japan?
Because it is not that easy. If we miss it makes us look weak.

We do not have the biggest Military, or the best, just the most expensive. We pay for an Electronic Military that will be blind in < 60 Sec.
Only escalated after Trump tweets
Please improve our anti-missile devices along our borders and those of our allies
Russia, China, North Korea don't have 'high flown ideals'; claim to stand for something
you do
Our military is ready and able. They do their job and keep their promise to protect Americans, unlike you traitor.
How can you, with clear Conscience, think anything responsible can get done with a man in office that has no convictions or honesty????
You turned your back on your unit you don't have room to talk traitor
Go away songbird.
Nobody respects you.  Your a joke.
Everytime #songbirdMcCain speaks I feel like I want to upchuck...... Is this a coincidence? Or irony?  #removeMcCain #AZSen  so pathetic.
Isn't that what the President is pushing for and you will vote against it
What took YOU so long? Osama obama didn't want it.



Remember Sequestration. Your part of the problem. Drain the swamp!
I rather we keep taxes higher than 15% as proposed & give first choice of work to an American over an imported foreign worker
Already expanding your war wishes to China and Russia. With your list be easier if you just tell us who we aren't going to fight. RETIRE
Screw
That's what Trump said cancerous one
Yes, with Russia, China and NK placing troops on our borders we have to..oh, wait, the US does that and claims any reaction is a "threat"
For what Mr. mcCan? Another war? Did you hear Trump buddies were talking to Saudis about Nuclear Power Plants? Are you OK with that too?
Senator I believe we need a military that is second to none.
How does America fund the best military possible.
Who pays under Mnuchin's plan
Retire Mcstain
Sen McCain with this lunatic in Oval Office War is not the answer stop
Oh look! Typical little liberal would be supporting you #McCain !!!!!
Well if you would step up to the plate and cooperate with your president I'm pretty sure we would have one.
Warmonger! #RINO #songbird #Traitor
Why don't you go away so MR PRESIDENT TRUMP can make it happen
Just so we don't forget McCain for FOR sequester.  http://www.whatthefolly.com/2012/09/17/list-of-27-senate-republicans-who-voted-for-sequestration/ … #Sequester @foxnation
Boogeymen in the closet value proposition works for children, not adults.  How can nations spending less threaten USA when we spend 3-10x?
We would also appreciate some tax relief and Healthcare we can afford.  Please get with the program and start helping middle class Americans
We spend so much.  Why does it need to be rebuilt?
McCain Just Go away we're done with you
We need to rebuild our Senate. Starting with you!
IT IS WHAT YOU WANT...BOOGY MAN RUSSIA...A WAR WITH RUSSIA IS YOUR GOAL, YOU AND HILLARY CLINTON
Agreed, BUT likely lots of low hanging savings to be redirected where we need it.  While at it - staff the State dept and think prevention
Ha redirected to John's foundation (bank acct)
I want to know why our soldiers are being injured or killed on a monthly basis HERE in the USA, sir. 4 accidents in 3 months. What's wrong?
He's part of the problem! We the people need to remove McCain so we can put someone in who cares
Our military is big enough!! We need to start taking care of our people and our planet!!!
Do something!!
how much pork do u have tied to the johnnie boy?
21 Trillion Dollar Debt and healthcare is still a mess.  Thank you for making it worse.
McCain has put his personal animus for Trump ahead of the country he unfortunately stills serves. #termlimitsamust
How does @SenJohnMcCain tell his constituents he had a chance to repeal #Obamacare but didn't & they should enjoy the premium hikes?
Sen McCain is more presidential than oga Trump. I wish Trump will put aside his pride and listen to this great American.
Any progress on the Tax Reform Plan Mr McCain ??????
I do believe that it is to late Sen. McCain. I think Trump has opened his mouth one too many times. We are going to have to defend ourselves
With what we have.
Rebuilding infrasructure, military, and cutting taxes. If only Eisenhower would have known, he wouldn't had a 91% tax rate. WOW.
Whomever is posting this Twitter tripe on McCain's behalf, no one is buying your BS "John McCain is a patriot" crap. He's a traitor.
No More Money For the Military,!. We spend Enough Already,,!..  Just Say No,! It'll Be OK. in time it'll get better,. Fix Infrastructures,!
John your on way too much chemo...chill man
you`ll never  have a military that’s ready & able.
hahahaha
Решили Джона быстрей в могилу загнать
The greatest threat to our military is the idiot commander and chief. Start at the top, impeach the son of a bitch and strengthen America.
