i was really starting to appreciate your perspective but your silence on DeVos killed it. Unforgivable vote today by the GOP.
I was too. I thought he would do the right thing
beyond disappointed.
@bebertthecat You helped Putins Puppet into the WH, when will u start impeachment? Until then, you are just carrying water.
.@HopeGirl2017XO @SenJohnMcCain It's early days but clearly @POTUS unfit to lead - when will you and other GOP leaders stand up and act?
How is his record on votes to dismantle his country's education system?
Tanks for starting with an un-called for insult, and then arguing with a "straw-man."  Not unexpected.  I oppose high stakes tests
.  I was addressing @SenJohnMcCain . He is the idiot . The intentional biggest dumbing down of 5 generations of our youth . #BAD
And you just voted against the children of America. Just when they needed you. #DeVos @LaurenWern
#comradetrump @POTUS what's up with ur boy #trumpsputinbitch Putin.
How many critics of Hillary Clitor are dead, that were willing to testify against her? CNN and FoxNews are quiet suddenly.
Senator McCain Sir, situation in Kashmir needs your attention
More lies from you . Clintons have a long list of murders of those that crossed them. Monica Lewinsky alive only bc of dress!
Unlike you, who sold out our nation's children for 50k....
@MarkStemen How much will Twitler have to pay to stop the investigation into hacking? Worked out well for DeVos.
How about we start with #HillaryForPrison considering her long murder list in the ^50s now! #Death
Retire McCain
what about the U.S. living under the tyranny of our Own Putin.
You didn't win McCain.Thanks for your service.Take your meds and go to bed.1 thing at a time J-O-H-N
I stand with you, Senator McCain, sir! Check Trump; refute his lies! America the beautiful, without a despot!
It is a shame Trump is so beholden to him. But then again, like attracts like.
We should have a leader at the @usedgov who also prioritizes truth, freedom and human rights. But we don't. Thanks to you.
Hey knucklehead Mel ... common core is a bust! Ur standing on native land also so go home then.
Nuh-huh, and Russia recently invaded Korea.
Then pls REALLY INVESTIGATE Trump's Putin connections! #treason #impeach #trumprussia #dworkinreport
Isn't it funny/horrifying that Trump wanted a military-style parade for his inauguration?
You see Putin for the tyrant he is. Trump defends him and says we're just as bad. Will you allow these outrages to stand?
- I agree! But why did you vote for Tillerson? Get a backbone PLEASE! WE need u strong. Be the hero u are!
And yet another ignorant dumb twit surfaces with empty statements bc they like treating others evil. SrryAss
Trump loves Putin and Russian models that give him golden showers. Putin gives Trump golden showers too. All Ukraine next!
please impeach #TraitorTrump
Russians keep voting Putin in office.Crimea and Ukraine also want to be part of Russia.We want to be friends with PUTIN.
cheers John
keep up the gòod work John!!Your a real legend!!
Sure he's a legend for his theft of tax money and lands for minerals. Do ur research on this idiot. #ClintonCash
You have probably have never even heard of SOAR.
Please take the moral high-ground and lead an investigation into Russia's involvement in the US presidential election!
keep fighting the fight for freedom and equality. You are a true role model. Thank you. The people of the Ukraine TU
thank you for your tweet!
any current news about his health issues? Last heard he was in ICU in Russia.
mccain you are the real murderer of your own people the veterans !
You care and talk more about this Russian man than you do America and the vets dying in your VA hospital in your state
Totally out of touch McCain War to hell with economy and middle class now minority in 46 states How did Ariz put him back in
u need 2 help the American ppl 2 get Trump impeached or out of office. He wnt evn say n e thng abt Ukraine
while Kara-Murza's dying and Ukraine and Georgia are facing the existential danger by Russia Trump welcomes Putin..
Don't tell that to a Putin's buddy @realDonaldTrump! He respects tyrants!
&U R making terrible mistake by supporting Iranian Islamist terrorist cult MEK group.Carter Installed Khomeini &U support MEK
Your boss loves Putin, Could have proved your outrage by a no vote for Rexxon Tillerson.  But too much to ask for I guess.
You broke my heart voting for DeVos. I'm possibly your biggest fan & I'm a Liberal. This wasn't in best interest of education
And you, Senator? What have you dedicated your life to? How do you feel about fighting for truth, freedom, and human rights?
Odd! Being a bit of a tyrant yourself, Senator, maybe you should learn to be less damning and more constructive!
why dontcyou engage in what is happening here. We are the people you serve.
#45 thinks he is not at risk? @realDonaldTrump
I really could give two turds about this guy. I do care that you and your buddies lined up @ the troff and paid your debts
I used to believe in you and voted many times for you,  but not anymore! So please retire to one of your 7 homes!
are ypu still pushing for an investigation into Trump's campaign ties?
yep he did. And you voted to confirm Tillerson, Sechin's buddy. And you didn't have to. I want Maverick McCain back!
I'm surprised president bannon  gave you permission to praise putins enemy
Thank you for speaking up for Kara-Murza and others who are fighting for truth.
irony is that support for Trump's autocracy has moved USA closer to Putin's govt than we have ever been 
Vladimir Kara-Murza spoke well on the issues
Worth sharing!  
cc @RFERL @pussyrrriot
2 months before he was poisoned V.Kara-Murza & Zhana Nemtsova gave @CBCTerry interview in March 2016 http://youtu.be/iLMyTentCsc   #MagnitskyList https://twitter.com/alinasphere/status/829033137426546690 …
Please keep America free of alternate truths-which are lies.
vote NO on Sessions - show some integrity!
Unlike you, who sold out our nation's children.
how about keeping us from trump tyrant? Speak up and act for OUR rights. Vote no on Sessions.
when r u going to fight for truth & freedom under Trump tyranny? #alternativefacts #LetLizSpeak #notmypresident #ShePersisted
act, that what we need. We do not need Trump whonis ally with Putin. Shame on GOP for not acting
are you going to fight to protect American democracy? If so, #RejectSessions
is Fascist Shill, Putin is good, McCain is the one who wants WW3 and Tyranny. It is Nauseating to listen to you John
That's people living with universal healthcare & no death penalty

Who haven't bombed 7 other nations in the last year
Keep doing you, boo.
that now makes two prominent critics of Putin being eliminated. No sanctions relief
but trump loves Putin he's his guy after all we are all killers like Putin
And the US president will not condemn Putin despite all the evidence of his wrong doing. Up to you to save the republicans.
too bad you aren't as concerned about the effect Betsy DeVos will have on our educational sysytem.
there was a time we would have said the same about you. Alas, you sold your soul. You're as twisted as the rest of them.
His blood is on your hands too. Sickening that our govt is in bed with Putin. Don't state sympathy when actions are opposite.
Trump is dangerous. Please protect Americans by voting against Sessions & Pruitt. For my kids & all children. @NaFr102
@RealGDT Like selling out our education for cash? Spineless coward. You'll fit right in, McCain
@anneapplebaum show us your conviction with votes in the senate, not on twitter
The majority of Putin's critics end up dead or missing. Hopefully this doesn't start happening here. #DontTakeAnyApples
too much agent orange inhaled during the vietnam war?
Mr McCain I agree with you but Trump does seem to understand what he is up against.Playing with fire.
Your legacy will be to have supported a madman for President and to have confirmed a Putin lackey for Sec State
dude, why are you ENABLING Trump???? come on man, stand up to Putin's puppet! don't give him anything!
@fwdcrocblu Too bad you don't have the balls to stand up against the takeover of our country by Putin/Bannon.
And he was assassinated for it. Putin won't tolerate that sort of thing. He's done it before. He'll do it again.
Trump knows. He's Putin's protégé.
Unfortunately you gave up the fight or truth, freedom & human rights in the #USA when you said "Aye" to @BetsyDeVos
the relationship between USA & Russia cannot be guaranteed to be in the world best interests if human rights our dismissed 
@RealGDT and yet you still support the man who said the U.S. is no different than Putin's Russia.
@RealGDT If you care why did you vote for trumputin and his comrades?
One of many done in by Putin. Guy who leaked story of DJT & prostitutes had heart attack in back seat of his car?? #murdered
they hide the 80% of true info and tell you some speculated dirty rumors
very MAVERICK of you, senator 
did you fight for truth and the basic human right for public education today when you gave your "aye"nomination for DeVos?
something dts and co can look forward to, should they come to pootin's disdain. Know your history folks.!
and yet, you do NOTHING and help to confirm his cabinet. Are you really still a hero, Senator?
@RealGDT yet you vote for tillerson, putins best friend. U can't have it both ways. U lack integrity
Shut it, you two-faced sell-out. "Maverick"? More like "Obedient". What would the you of 25 years ago think of you now?
Thankyou sir, for speaking out.
You voted to allow an idiot take control of the Nation's education, Senator.
You voted for Betsy DeVos and to shut up Elizabeth Warren. You're as bad as the rest of them.
And now the Republican Party dedicates their lives to supporting the Russian agenda in the United States. Traitors all.
What's happening with the investigation about #russianhacking?
@fmarino1956    Senator McCain; you should do the same for your people too, if we the American are you people.
@fmarino1956 

The DeVos vote lost you major credit, but keep up the fight against Trump's adoration for Putin.
and where are our children's rights?
Thank you for sharing truth about Putin. What is wrong with trump? Vote your conscience. Sincerey, a Liberal xoxo
ты да хорош этой пурги.весь мир смеётся. А уважают Путина...
but what about the American people living under Trump's tyranny? Have you forgotten about us?
hey, why did you vote for DeVos? You never step . You have sold your soul.
how much money do you need  reason why you couldn't become a president cause your a traitor all you care about is shame
so disappointed. Thought you were different. Our children have been sold out.
Seems like you are just a tired old man. All talk, no fight left. Retire!!!
l thought you will use brain ,old age meaning wisdom and compassion to stop devos didnt know money was more important
Where the rubber meets the road ,you always cave in to the good old GOP !!!!
I thought at this point in your life it would have been glaringly apparent what you needed to do today. Shame on you.
you talk a good game! Now back it up
will Murza die with you backing trump?
you are doing nothing to stop Putins new love for Donald. You could stop this.
thank you for sharing.
да пошёл ты на хуй мудак
.@SenJohnMcCain and what are you doing to up hold truth, freedom & human rights in US?
@shebacrocker Seriously senator McCain--- you've voted FOR EVERY NOMINEE to destroy our country from within
You can redeem yourself from DeVos & Tillerson with a NO for racist Sessions!
just watch that will happen to you under Dictator Trumps rule too
We see you as the principle Senator to state the case why USA can NEVER be equated with Russia.
you voted Devos and letting Trump destroy our integrity. Give me a break. Fight for the U.S. not the GOP.
Thank you. I have not been political until this election. Now I am and I see Russia as a threat. - silent majority awake.
I wish you had his courage and had fought for the kids of America today.
who is pulling your string? Not Hanoi Radio
Vladimir Kara-Murza one of many casualties of Putin's violent regime. Prayerful thoughts for him & his family.
Too bad Trump & his minions aren't fighting for those same rights for the American people. #POTUSPutinsupporter
and did you fight for truth, freedom, or our CHILDREN'S RIGHTS TODAY? nope. You sold our kids education for lump sum!
@JeffersonObama Too bad we can't say the same about you given your bending over for unqualified & questionable nominees in US
thank u 4 sticking with the TRUTH & not being scared of our current president. We're in trouble. We need GOP more than ever
I'm an independent and voted for you. Can't express my disappointment on Devos. I guess integrity has a price.
WE'RE LIVING UNDER TRUMP'S TYRANNY RIGHT NOW. CABINET SET TO DESTROY OUR COUNTRY BY OPPOSING EVERYTHING GOOD. AND U KNOW IT!!
How long before celebrating patriotic people speaking out against human rights violations right here e.g., Muslim ban bill.
wish we had a republican here that would do the same for us.
Do you have,an explanation for your support of DeVos?
@HealingMB Does our President really not know Putins history? Or does he not care?
And what about OUR rights here in the US? Why did you sell out? You're in Trump's pocket and that's that.
God bless you John, we know the horrible atrocities of the KGB and Putin is one through and through
What's the status of the investigation of the Russian hack of election?  Stay focused on the prize... Trump was complicit.
As you protect Saudi Arabia from 9/11 accountability you have zero credibility and treason for a legacy @SenJohnMcCain #JASTA
How DARE you talk about standing up to tyranny when you keep rolling over for a tyrant, you greedy, feckless, gutless fraud.
why #Devos. #disappointed.
Oops, got caught in auto correct.  Thought you would stand up to so-called president.  Yet, voting for Sessions?  COWARD!
you took money from George soros and he pays groups to terrorize the American people who voted Trump. You should resign
Scary AF.
NO Moral Equivalent with US!!
So disappointed.  Thought you would stabpnd up to Trump. Now now, party first, country ... 5th?
@LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio Tell that to Trump who has a strange relationship w Putin. Bannon, Flynn and Trump sell US out
get him out before he's dead
Remember how you sold out our kids' futures to @BetsyDeVos today? No? That's okay. #WeRemember
thank you very much John McCain for continuing to be a hero in my eyes and speaking out against our president. Please continu
Yet you say nothing about our president.....
Didn't FDR work with Stalin to get rid of Hitler? FDR new what he was dealing with and he did it anyway.
obviously a better man than, who just handed over the Secretary of Education position to a unqualified woman who paid for it.
.@SenJohnMcCain Trump doesn't have a clue about this guy. @realDonaldTrump is worried about being exposed by the Russians.
and our Democratic  Party  has been fighting to destroy America
prayers for him and his family,  we will fight for him!
it'd be great if you would write about Operation Zero Footprint.
Thought maybe you'd do the right thing today and vote "no" on Devos. Listen to the people!!!!
this one of the reasons why Trump scares me.  Too cozy with such a horrible tyrant. #RESISTANCE #ResistTrumpTuesdays
@watchyourSen 

Would you say you're dedicating your life to preserving life, liberty, & democracy in ?  

#GOPcorruption
