He was voted in by the electoral college. Not the people, lost that by 3 million
He won the Popular vote in 30 of 50 states. Pretty bad I feel the need to tell you how many states we have. Anyway, that's a big loss!
You live in the state of denial.
It's not the state of denial, we don't have a state called denial. I think you meant to write "a state of denial"
It's wordplay. Your GED classes may not have delved into that.
Really? GED? And you're claiming you didn't vote for President Trump? Wow, have a goodly day
How about a comment on the Paris Accord pull out?
Pittsburgh mayor will still abide by the agreement only us, Nicaragua and Syria aren't in. Great company huh?  #sad #impeachtrump
Please demonstrate leadership by opposing the lunacy of 45.
Too bad Vietnam will be underwater in a few years while you're too busy being "deeply troubled" by things instead of acting.
al gore said 2012, were in 2017, nice try liberal soul
All due respect Senator, but we're a lil busy over here trying to save the world. #Parisclimateaccord
save the world? HAHAHA i love how the little liberals brains got so brainwashed by the corrupt deal #ParisAccord ITS ALL ABOUT THE MONEY
No one cares John
There are treasonous traitors running our government and the GOP Congress isn't doing anything.  Please help.
Good Grief!!! U better research McCain. He's been a traitor since Vietnam. They think his own wingman shot him down. He & Fonda r traitors!
Sir , please help trump is a disgrace to the world !
They are distracting you from information. You are gorgeous! Thk you.
Spending our taxpayer money! Or are you using your own money ? LMAO
You are such a good man. Forgiving and showing us all it can be done. Strong can't even describe you. Awesome man
Please retire!
Did u just happen to go to Russia and bring back some phoney garbage to try to frame Trump? U need to b investigated!!!!!!
Did u inquire of any of the guys YOU LEFT BEHIND?
川普退出tpp，退出全球气候协定，修墨西哥的傻逼墙，歧视伊斯兰民族的旅游政策等等，都是在损害美国，他的女儿女婿都在掌控白宫，川普家族就是美国政府，川普就是美国的祸害，川普收受中共的贿赂，他就是中共的代理人，所以强烈呼吁美国人民弹劾川普，让他下台！
From each horrific piece of information the American people learn of this president, I'm most shocked by your silence. Or is it complicity?
too bad you didn't get lost.. or stay there forever... GO AWAY
Time to improve the ACA, not replace it.
God Bless You Senator McCain for your service and sacrifice as a POW in N. Vietnam.  And thank-you now for your Senate leadership.
Your master did give you a message for #ParisClimateDeal.?
How come you got a Presidential Pardon when you came home from Vietnam???
What about Trump's Move Today???
We're going to need you to step up and do something to stop the illegal madness in the White House. The time is now.
you've been meeting with the enemy? How's that border wall doing that you promised during your last election campaign?
Yes please try and act like everything is normal. You WERE a hero, past tense. You ARE a coward. present tense
love this!
Please save our country, and the world, from Trump.
THE TRAITOR VISITS HIS KILLING FEILDS...SHAME ON YOU McSTAIN!
Paris accord. Senator, you are MIA. Again.
Impressive!
Stop the madness now! Trump is single-handedly destroying everything this country has worked for!
Where are you on the Paris Climate agreement?
That's great.  Now, will you get back here and save us from this madman you elected?
Whatever!

Senator McCain, I implore you, be on the right side of history and help remove this disgraceful president.
RUSSIA
Senator, are you a) disturbed b) disappointed, or c) troubled, about Trump pulling out of The Paris Agreement?
I call u. I tweet u. I write to u. Please listen. Put ur beloved country before ur party! Climate change is real! Russian collusion is real!
What about climate change?
Kissing up to foreign gives and not representing AZ veterans or Americans not very good for us
"Civil society leaders" in Hanoi ? Man, you really believe in fairies !
Senator sir . Just can't support Trump huh? I guess there would be no Sunday show invites if you did , sir?
Please, consider staying there. Seriously.
Hand delivered dossier to IC officials. He is working behind the scenes. "Centipede with lots of shoes to drop". Country 1st
That's great but we need you back home we have a war going on @GOP @WhiteHouse vs America we need your patriotism Now the bomb is ticking
Sen. McCain, u know pulling out of PCA is bad idea. What about children's future? We can replace lost jobs w/ #Solar #WindTech #LeadTheWay!
Just get rid of Trump.
Your sacrifice for our nation was profound. As is our nation's need for your courage again today. This is your time, Senator.
What sacrifice?
Honestly?  Do some research.  Then show some respect. From a MA Lib, I apologize for him, Senator.
Ugh. Go away, McCain.
Focus Captain. Ivan is in the House. Your fight isn't done yet.
That's great. We have bigger fish to fry/catch.
That's nice! Will this be cash or charge?
Bad timing senator. You need to step up and lead political battle to get the paraiah out of White House. History will appreciate you more.
PLZ stop DT
You are a good man but you need to fight like hell now
Do not lose sight of the enemy
#RussiaGate
Speak for yourself. I respect him
Changing the subject, are we?
Would you shut the heck up, we're in a bit of trouble over here & could give 2 shakes about ur little jaunt! Get back 2 work!
What about the #Parisclimateaccord ? Speak to that!
Ignorance is bliss
We don't need you either McCain, shut up and go away
