You certainly didn't help them with ridiculous GOP tax cut. Glad your family will live the cush life after you're gone!
Eric Prince is involved in that Niger situation and that’s what Trump and friends are hiding!
of course he is.
Vets need their earned resources too! The promise we would be taken care of when we got home paying R own disabilities not a resource. CRDP
How about having the balls to support a president who actually makes a call of remorse to a slain soldier's family?
Please we know you are a hero. You have done enough damage to this great United States. Just go home song bird
They could have used #Chad , but @POTUS  wanted the failed Travel Ban & in turn 4 @USArmy Soldiers died.. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/federal_government/office-supply-glitch-how-chad-wound-up-on-travel-ban-list/2017/10/18/397aa7aa-b44d-11e7-9b93-b97043e57a22_story.html …
what a fucking warmonger he is. worse than hitler
How about supporting the POTUS !


U have been there for years doing nothing for us! Budget cuts, #Obama era CRA and #sequestration.. thanks for nothing #RINO #Traitor #Jane
Senator, what really happened in Niger? Why were these soldiers ambushed in unarmored trucks & picked up by sub contractors or left behind?
I guess you missed it but Trump allocated boucp funding for the military. Why did you not want to do this when Obama was the Commander n chf
Ant that the truth
Can you get a new #POTUS for us as well?

Why are you blocking Defense appointments?  Makes no sense to fund if Pres. Trump can't get his nominations though Congress.
RETIRE!!!!!
Mcfuck, please just retire.
You have now called all of us "half baked nationalists".  Well, we're going to turn the heat up on fools like you and we'll be fully baked.
Go John
Don’t approve tax cuts for corporations, trickle down doesn’t work and everyone pays dearly for the disaster-people over party
Again how about funding AZ education?
#retire
While you're there find out what troops were doing in Niger. Oh, then let us know.
Senator McCain: Why do we have armed forces in Niger? What is the role of the contractors? Where else do we have boots on the ground?
What about Military Surviving Spouses?  You have taken earned and purchased benefits from them!
You don’t ever comment on the theft by the treasury from the #fnma and #fmcc shareholders. Please do your job & Stop Government corruption
don’t fund with money from #fnma or #fmcc.you ready owe billions to shareholders. Be efficient  with our tax dollars. #fanniegate must stop
What about importance of American healthcare and tax reform. It’s what Americans want most. #RetireMcCain
The military IS fully funded. It is because of all the greed and waste that is preventing our troops to have what they need!  FFS stop!
Where was this when the troops went into Iraq with no armor?
You go to war with the army you have.  Not the one you want
To get you off your lazy ass there must be money going into your pockets.
Your an EVIL MAN MCCAIN
about time you helped
All about you ain't it buttercup. #termlimits
How about health care and taxes !!
Make cuts elsewhere, the amount of fat on the bone is monumental !
I’m thinking we hire some one out of the EU to take over after we do a hostile takeover of the trump administration. What you think?
I trust your judgement 100 % .. GOP needs more John McCain's .. More balls less sheep
You need to go home.
How about “fully funding” education, instead of throwing more money into our enormous war machine?
A good start would be having a POTUS that actually gives a damn about them and their families!
Senator, thank you. Can you please restart your efforts to reverse global warming. That will help the military mightily.
We will be in DC next month and hope to visit with you and thank you in person.
I understand you are ill, but if you are losing your mind retire! Stop been an obstructionist. Let us remember the soldier in you!
I served for 32 yrs, & as a soldier, I believe in character and integrity. Why is it that you have lost the most important values hold dear?
http://thehill.com/opinion/finance/351438-the-indignity-of-our-militarys-widows-tax …. Senator McCain find this fully acceptable. Military Surviving Spouses deserve better than this
McCain is a loony toon
and give Puerto Rico what it needs!  they are still suffering.
#JohnMcCain is a true American hero!
Sen McCain, Its great to fully fund the military but we need to make sure that the Pentagon has say how to spend it vs Congress pet projects
Go back to Vietnam
The troops need a dependable commander instead of the wacko they have leading the country.
Next you will be telling us when you’re going to take a piss, enough of your self promotion
SENATOR.PRESIDENT PUTIN KNOWS IT IS THE TWO CHURCHES !THE RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH PUT JOSEPH STALIN INTO POWER ;IN THE TIME OF NOE (JOE)!
I am for funding military but overall budget - no.

Eat  #Traitor
why don't you apologize to the American people while you're down there.
And keep asking those questions about Niger. Don't let those bastards get by with lying about the deaths of our soldiers.
How important is healthcare reform?

  not 
McCain you are a complete joke and should be removed from representing the great state of Az. Remember that you represent the people!!
I hope you do your job.
JOHN MCCAIN
With all respect, while we have a trigger happy narcissist in the WH, do u really think this is good timing?
eye don't trust this prick!! !!
Support the POTUS
Please resign
John, serious question.  How much money did you accept from George Soros?
I was wondering too. He has sold out like the Bush's.
Drain the swamp.
Yeah, including you TRAITOR JOHN MCCAIN
No, won’t watch you grandstand! Thanks but no thanks!
Thank you!
Why were soldiers killed in Niger?
NO MORE GRANDSTANDING MCCAINU POS
Where were U the Last 8 YEARS! Didn't hear 1 WORD FROM YOUR MOUTH WHEN OBAMA WAS IN OFFICE! RAN ON LIES REPEAL OBAMACARE! U R. PUKE!
Ok songbird
Suspect Niger was a mission that utilized contract soldiers (Blackwater?) We can't outsource our military missions. DJT is hiding truth.
Go away John ...you do more harm than good
You've been doing this for weeks now. When is it going to get done? Oh yea it's called regular order. Soldiers die while you praise yourself
Glad to see you back in operation! Keep US safe Senator McCain. Thank You and May God Bless You With good Health
The Crypt-keeper awaits you.
We'll fund LEGITIMATE military functions,not your DEMENTED #WarForProfit scams.Too stupid to #KnowWhenToFoldEm. Looking forward to your fall
The military does not need more money!!!
You are a known military industrial guy, but how can your priorities be so myopic? We NEED Senate help on pressing issues and you obstruct
Please turn around and head home.
Military readiness and operational units reminiscent of Tenet's description of CIA before 9/11 - budgets in flux, capability weakend
OK, but DON'T forget about the American people and our health care
Retire please.
2..  especially within the special operations & intelligence command which really lacks the critical thinking/analysts & Human Intelligence
Yeah... Trump sorta did that without you.  Thanks for showing up though.
Senator, our military as the best resources available to them what they are missing is the competent (currently incompetent) leadership, 1/2
I support more money for troops and vets, but not general military spending.
So you are so worried about every thing what about the Biggest threat Hillary & Bill Clinton. And what they have gotten away with. Your budy
With all due respect, Senator McCain, the @GOP tax reform plan is antithetical to fully funding anything. Reconsider!
DO YOUR JOB FOR AMERICANS INSTEAD OF LASHING OUT TO SCREW OUR POTUS! WE ARE PISSED AT YOU MCCAIN
U going to discuss the guy u sent over to Europe to get fake Russian dossier-your going down
Go for it!
Don't know that they need more funding.  They need to find that $21Trillion they "lost"
Also helps when congress knows which countries our troops are in fighting wars that Congress must approve. 1st priority of accountability
Find out whyba man lay dead in niger for days before a private firm found him
Did you put forth that effort previously?
How about pushing for the 25th Amendment to be invoked? Saving our country from Trump would be truly heroic.
Thsnk you for everything
Can we use some of that to take care of the troops when they get home!?!
We could use some of that to get rid of the Military Widows Tax too. Shameful
Go get em John.
TRAITOR
Retire!!!!!!
Can you ask why we are in Niger?
What?!?
Then you Need to Check out the Russian/Niger Op Connection...
You're acting weird, trying to normalize yourself. Tell us about the #RussianDossier
If we send our kids to war. They must have the best but not at the price that destroys our safety nets. It can be done!
You are a joke McCain waste of taxpayers $ and for sure no hero to this country! Poster child for term limits! Get out while u still can
And Term Limits?
If you don't oppose sending them into harm's way as a taxpayer-supported free merc service for multinationals, you may as well say nothing.
turn around leave go home youre fired
And senator. While ur there find out why you don't know what's going on !!!! Thank you Mr Senator McCain
And maybe the proper intel or  back up they need so they don't get ambushed.
How much more funding could you possibly need WTF!!!
Hey, You show a complete lack of understanding re Niger tragedy. Your anti Trump behavior borders on rebellion! Extractus!
How about making sure we fully fund Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security and healthcare. Those troops are defending all of those

do your best General.
We have 4,000 nuclear weapons. Our nation is secure. How about we spend money on education and health care and actually improve our country.
Thank you sir.
Not sure it'll do any good as long as the Commander-in-Chief doesn't know how to deploy them, even tho he knows "what they signed up for."
A Must John Thank You
Thank you, Senator. Keep our troops trained and safe. Bless you 
TRUMP HAS BUILT UP OUR MILITARY & IS KEEPING AMERICA SAFEJOHN MCCAIN HAS ENDANGERED AMERICA AS A TRAITOR
You are the hero America needs

hopefully you are medicated
Speaking as tho the president doesn't need a new pill regimen
