You healin up, you got the cake so jus eat it too. HURRY! Nurse comin! Hide the bong! No!! I didnt bring all this beer! Nurse Ratchet Bitch!
It is too bad sir that at the end of your life you admit to being a turncoat against the very people that voted for the president & you.

McCain’s clashes w/ his party hit a crescendo in Dec, when he personally delivered 2Comey an unverified dossier abt Trump’s ties 2Russia.
He is a traitor! God does not like ugly!
Here's a compelling, warm-hearted piece to end your week!
.@SenJohnMcCain, I was deeply saddened 2hear of yet another battle u must fight. I know u 2 be a strong decent soul. Please save our country
Nothing.
@realDonaldTrump McCain/Dems' unproductive, childish actions only punish USA. Do your jobs! +TERM LIMITS!
you don't get to be President
#Immunovaccine Achieves Breakthrough in Support of Developing Personalized #Cancer Immunotherapies
https://ir.imvaccine.com/news-releases/news-release-details/immunovaccine-achieves-breakthrough-support-developing …
@immunovaccine
#Immunovaccine Annual Information Form
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 March 30, 2017
http://www.sedar.com/GetFile.do?lang=EN&docClass=1&issuerNo=00025688&issuerType=03&projectNo=02604681&docId=4082854 …
#Cancer
#Glioblastoma brain #Cancer
https://twitter.com/kenjayhaley/status/736692998725992448 …
@thehipdotcom
exploratory Phase 2 trial in #glioblastoma (brain #cancer) in #Italy
waiting for regulatory approval
https://www.imvaccine.com/userfiles/Q1%202016%20MDA%20-%20final%20for%20filing.pdf …
@thehipdotcom
Libertarians score big victory in 'right-to-try' drug bill
http://politi.co/2wc2QHm  via @politico
#cancer
#Trump Backs ‘Right to Try’ Experimental Drugs, Already Law in 37 States
http://dailysign.al/2tfawqM  via @FredLucasWH @DailySignal
#cancer
#FakeNews
Maybe u didn't get memo your agenda was rejected trump was elected . Plz retire worry abt health u r no help to our America
Let me guess...by learning how to sabotage a president by stalling his agenda
I remember his remembrance of Ted. Orrin Hatch spoke fondly also. The senate has not been the same. I hope "oh John" comes back to senate.
All these snowflakes that love you have no concept of history and have no idea Ted Kennedy worked with COMMUNIST Russia against Reagan!!
Ted Kennedy, the same guy who worked with the Soviet Union to try to defeat Reagan? I thought you hated Russia?
Must-read @pkcapitol @washingtonpost: "What John McCain learned from Ted Kennedy on challenging his own party" https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/what-john-mccain-learned-from-ted-kennedy-on-challenging-his-own-party/2017/07/20/f40c819e-6d47-11e7-b9e2-2056e768a7e5_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_pk-mccain-240pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.50e77ac80556 …
Really  reading this. I'm (D) through & through, but I have so much admiration for McCain. Bi-partisan is the only way & he embodies that
John, You remind me of Ted, only from the other team!(I'm from MA)
Sir, please get some rest. We need you healthy.
@realDonaldTrump McCain you dishonor Office voters entrusted to you w/your childish ineffectual actions.
Two greatest American Senators Kennedy and McCain. The two already made history with their service to the nation.
Yep sooo great they both worked w Russia to hurt a presidential candidate! McCain (dossier), kennedy ->
I am sure that Mary Jo Kopechne and so many others are all applauding your stance to emulate Ted
Dear @SenJohnMcCain I know U.S. now hates Refugees but may I ask you to sign our petition in support of my Resettlement Sir? Thank you.
I'm American and we don't hate refugees. I hope you are resettled soon. Never give up.
I know most of Americans don't hate Refugees. May I kindly ask you to sign our petition. Please leave a comment as well if possible. Tanx
Done
What would Ted Kennedy say about repealing the ACA?  Do what's right, Senator.  Vote no.  Please.
I have proven research that can fix the problems in the AHCA and REDUCE CANCER BY ONE THIRD! No one in DC is returning my calls #Frustrated
Just a reminder for everyone worshipping the man today.
I’m from MA
That’s a typical republican, I kid you not.
Whatever anyone thinks of Dems, at least most aren’t inhumane sociopaths
Sen. Praying for ur speedy recovery & U back in Senate to help lead this country out of this perilous state that only a hero like you can
Senator McCain, in making most of this moment, vote NO on the GOP Healthcare Bill. To vote yes, is a death sentence to people with Cancer.
Ted had his flaws, we all do. He worked for the people as you do. I hate the Alt right Libertarians / Koch Bros. They want to hurt America
I voted 4 u and haven't regretted it (did regret other GOP votes). Get well & return 2 fight Putin & corruption.
And how to work with Russia to bring down a sitting president.
HI I CAME FROM CHINA，VOTED FOR YOU。。。

I WISH YOU ALL THE VERY BEST。。。

TRUMP IS SO LOW TO MENTION YOUR

VIETNEM HELL，EVIL 。。。
You are an evil old man, anyone that is against " Make America Great Again " is a progressive stop lying switch parties. #MAGA

6  treatment and care.  Your legacy is forever and I hope `now we all will bow our heads and pray for you.  I will.
5  toward a fix of the ACA not repeal it.  most of the people in the U.S. do not have the insurance that you do.  Most would not get limited
4 to the ACA. The ACA is not perfect but can be fixed. I hope because of yours, Ted Kennedy’s, and Joe Biden’s brain cancer you will work
3 realized how much you gave up for our country. As you work in the Senate I hope you will keep in mind Ted Kennedy's brain cancer gave life
2. I am sorry about your cancer diagnosis if anyone deserves to rest in peace it is you. I remember when you were released from Vietnam and
1 of 4 Sen McCain you have my respect honor and prayers. I have supported your positions but not all of them but thank you for your service.
2 jerks
Please Ted Kennedy was a cancer in the Senate. Nothing to be learned but obstructionism.
https://twitter.com/BarrySoetoroESQ/status/888025907725729797 …
ThankU for trying 2bring parties together 4ALL.My hubby2 had glioblastoma /surg-worked 2wks later w/rads&pillchem- Uwill be back soonBSTRONG
Can't you please give a continuing education class 
on the hill for this?  Share the wisdom - sorely needed.
Did he learn how to kill a woman and get away with it?
Will you trust your health to the VA in your state?The worst VA in the country?I'll consider you a "hero" if you do. Still a"Songbird" to me
Well wishes Mr. McCain for a speedy recovery.   We need you back in Washington.  If anyone can over come this, you can and will.
Is that the Ted Kennedy who swam away from his car and left a woman to die?  Prob had some cool lessons to impart.
Sen McCain, thank you for your service to your country, wishing you well, our thoughts & prayers are with you & family.

How to be married, have mistress, let them drown,, and get away with murder. Morning Joe knows that one too
Fight for what is right, not what is easy.
Uncle Johnnie,  am a Democrat but, we all love you and want you back on your feet as soon as possible.
Warmongers and murderers making common cause.
Finally cancer has helped our society
Difference: Ted didn't defy and divide his own Party. (compulsively)
Flowers4You
Wishing you a speedy recovery.  I ha e admired you for many years.
Look after yourself, much love.
It's really easy to agree. But real progress happens when you look in the mirror and at your own team and seek ways to improve.
die
Nada nos aparta del amor de DIOS SEN. John McCain que el lo cubra con su amor
Don't agree with Sen. McCain politics but he is a true patriot clear he loves his country has earned my respect. Bless u and ur family
orando por sanidad y fortaleza
They Say Cannabis Oil really helps with cancer and takes the nausea away when you do chemo. And Dont forget eating a Alkaline Diet.
Isis will missed you dearly
Wishing u well Senator McCain 
Deeply moving. Everyone should read this.
They are both democrats!
Amy  on John McCain: "He has done that many times. Stood up for people. And now it’s our time to stand up for him."
Украина солидарна с другом нашего народа @SenJohnMcCain  
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=706193226239035&id=100005450920119 …
You never challenge the Leftist party.
Ted wasn't called lion for being timid. Piss him off and he would bite, roar, scratch!
I'm reaching across the isle Sen McCain to cheer you on. You are a true patriot and American hero. We love. Prayers for you and your family.

Yes yes yes. You may not be our president but more importantly you can lead us back to democracy.

Prayer is the key! Radiation and medication, healthy diet, regular exercise  would be the path to recovery.Remember  to pray to Jesus Christ
Mr McCain,from one Navy veteran to another I salute you! You r an American Treasure! Keep D.C. honest. Time to  buck up ! A new Arizonan 
I wish you a thorough, speedy and easy to manage recovery.
Great article.  Thank you!

And Here's to u Senator John McCain our nation turns its hopeful eyes to you.
Two of the worst Senators besides Pelosi and Reid.

#CARLTHAYDENVA medical center is a death trap. #Reopentheindependentforeclosurereview
Hahaha you learned from Ted Kennedy! I believe you. You kinda remind me of him.
Chappaquiddick
God speed senator! You are a true American hero and I pray God will watch over you and your family!
I enjoyed reading abt u & Ted Kennedy. His spirit is in @RepJoeKennedy in the House. Congress shld pay attention, re healthcare & much more.
Two perfect examples of why America needs congressional term limits
Mr. McCain how can you afford to fight cancer? Who are you insured through?
Where is the money for your treatment coming from?
Although I disagree with John on many issues, I admire his courage, sacrifice, and lifelong service to this country. God speed John.
Who is paying for your health care?
What did you learn when Nixon pardoned you for treason? Obviously nothing. .have a wonderful stay in the hospital
My Dad, an oncologist, told Kennedy something had 2 be done abt ins coverage a longgg time ago. Plz encourage S Collins & Dems 2 revise ACA.
this post is proof the libs have taken his office and message... its too bad... people want you to tweet Mr. McCain, people love heart
Can Trump really pardon himself and everyone else? Can no one truly stop him? Am so scared for my kids' future.
Hang Tough Sir!
We need More John McCains; stay strong.
We need more John McCain's to stand up for America-challenge all legislators to do what's right for America-not just partyline. Wk together.
Get well soon sir.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. If anyone cant beat this you can...
Thank you for your principled service, commitment to this country, rule of law, and civility. Prayers for your health and happiness.
Get well john you are truly an American hero
You are the present example of A Profile in Courage whom President Kennedy wrote about
You are a true America hero Senator McCain
You are so beloved and we KNOW you are going to get through this like every other obstacle you've faced...with strength, grace and dignity!!
I don't care if you are sick! You are a Judas to the Republican party!
@SenJohnMcCain  I never voted for you but man I've had the up most respect for you. #GetWellSenatorMcCain
Sen McCain you impressed me with your dignity and grace when running against Obama you stood up for him when a person called him an Arab
That gives me hope. Keep at it @SenJohnMcCain ! Love and prayers!
Senator! u r diagnosed with Brain Cancer? Get well Soon. Please use your position for the Release of Innocent Dr. Aafia Siddiqui
Get well soon, so you can come back and face the consequences of your treasonous actions. Oh and your boys from Al Nusra and Al Shabaab say


Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
https://twitter.com/jstn_35/status/887975915791273984 …
We need you now more than ever in this vain, Senator. Trump is uniquely unfit to be our nation’s President.
Sen. McCain, I wish you & your family all best as you confront this latest challenge. Thank you for this article. May those days come again.
I never agreed much with your politics.  When Trump said those awful things I took notice.  Wasn't right.
But none of that matters.  You are loved sir - you have a good fight with a beautiful family with you.  I am praying for u
I want you to know I have seen the other side.  Beautiful.  Just sad for those left behind.
I've always been a mid line dem. I have voted for reps and dems. Party line doesn't matter. It's what is best for the people. Much respect!
Although I've always been a DEM, I've always admired you for your past & your devotion to politics. Keep the "fighter"going!!
Determination to be able to survive such a difficult period of time.  You returned to honor our nation by devoting your life to our country.
I remember well when you returned from Viet Nam & we heard about the horrible conditions you had to endure for so long. It takes courage and
Now would be a good time to apologize to your ex wife.
Lots of love and well wishes from your friends in Marietta,GA
U r my hero.U always put America&family 1st.I lost my dad&brother to brain cancer I know how u feel.I wish u a well recovery thank you.
Challenge your party and Democrates to establish TERM LIMITS!
Then war-mongering relics like yourself will be forced out. 
Just a thought!
Sir, thinking you'd be relieved to know we share your concerns over Russia & Putin. Would you support us?
Would you participate in a bipartisan,  worldwide march against Russian interference in the U.S. and European elections?

NOT the same thing! McCain is a SWAMP lover & only wants Trump to fail but looks like he will be failing in the end
John a little odd that all your well wishers are Democrats?

You're a lying fraud.

Your picture should be in the dictionary under RINO.
Sorry the end of your life is tinged by #Trump. Tune him out for some peace.
Well wishes to Senator McCain hope and pray to see you back up and running again soon
What saddens me is that McCain & Hatch helped Kennedy with the ACA and now pushing repeal!!!SAD
A truly great friendship between Kennedy & McCain!!!!!!
God's using u 
Americans need you to break away from Trump and do the right thing in healthcare for U.S.  I'm a dem. who loves you. Prayers
Sending you my sincerest hope that you beat the odds and are back in the Senate soon. You are a true hero and patriot. God speed.
북핵위험 더 심해지기전에 한국 핵무장 허락해주세요
Mind power, positive thoughts will bring you through Sen McCain...Has'nt it always....I can see it...visualization..
I  You @SenJohnMcCain 
Senator, I hope you feel better soon. You are a good man!
He may have been personally challenged, but congressional bipartisan cooperation died when he did.
Good to hear that   Senator McCain!!! 
Speaking of challenges by your own party!
That god I was addicted to power and globalist plan like receiving money from George SoROS!!
Thousands and thousands of dead soldiers blood on your hands when it's time for you to die what are you going to say to god at heavens doors
Hate this country ?john McCain I know that my god knows all the rotten things that you have done to this country john you have thousands and
Looking forward to the Mavericks return to DC!  Our nation needs you, make that the world.  Your strength & leadership has reassured us all.
And you know you heard crooked Hilary Clinton say shit like I will bankrupt the economy godamn you john do you people really hate this count
Do not leave a young lady to die !!!
God  Bless and God speed senator, my prayers are with you
Do yall really hate America that much?? Damn you john ! If crooked Hilary Clinton got in we would be in nuclear or atomic war with Russia a
now you & GOP want to take Medicare away
Muslin Obama and crooked Hilary Clinton you know in your john ! That all you guys sell out and give Isis money and arms do you people really
AMERICANS HATE YOU @SenJohnMcCain 
You are a NATIONAL EMBARRASSMENT&U make us ALL LESS SAFE!
Just GO AWAY U TRAITOROUS FAILURE!
Bc they would have "access" to Medical Care but no means to pay for it but you're lucky you have the best you have the chance to be saved
.. unlike ppl you're trying to take Healthcare away from, who would w/that diagnosis would just go home and plan a funeral...
Shame on you when you sell out to the globalist plan ? In the long run ? Look at you john you have brain tumar ? How you like it ? You and
.. u just have to go to the doctor get better no worries about losing ur house not getting ur meds or treatment...
Do you want someone to say that to you or someone you love when they are given a devastating diagnosis?  HORRIBLE
No. I would not, but I am one of the powerless and he holds the power of life and death in his hands over millions
God Bless You John. Speedy recovery.
When you get back please remember this.
John your the devil in deguise you sold our country out you and muslin Obama gave money and military arms that is TREASON !! OLD MAN !! Sham
Welcome to TRUMPLAND's deplorables crude rude & senseless! Troll Alert
We are pulling for you John, you put a little cummin in your grits, you take some hemp oil, & some black seed oil buddy. I am an optimist..
Imagine what it would be like ur diagnosis and no Health Care you're lucky u have the best Healthcare in the country you have no worries...
We are praying for your speedy recovery. God bless you and your family
Google it folks he excepted money from George soros and john McCain gave Isis money and military arms john McCain you are the devil in desgu
Thank you for all you have done for this country my prayers are with you and your family stay strong 
This fucking guy lol hates our president and try's to set up our president and people google this image john McCain and Isis leader and you
I loved reading this thank you so much.
Sen. McCain, I am sorry to hear about your recent health problem! I am sending prayers up for you! #TrustGof4Healing
dapa,destruction of cali prop 187, daca, soros,la raza,aclu,moveorg, antifa should be arrested/fined for helping democrat party rig election
goal of McCain/Obama is to turn Syria to Iraq 3.0 so Muslim brotherhood can import foreign voters to destroy Constitution=anti American
sanctuary cites= democrats beg other countries to rig election by import  illegals by daca/dapa at legal citizen expense.aclu deserves death
hope you feel better l will pray every day
you should enjoy your remaining years and retire. Do it for your country McCrusty
Keep fighting senator. You are a true American hero wish you speedy and full recovery. Cancer has no chance you will defeat it.
Keep fighting and for America!!
I expect you will "not go gentle". I humbly ask you to assure citizens of the same ability to fight their diseases with the same vigor.
MUST READ!    #Silkway #Arsenal #Arizona #AZCardinals #AZ
#SILKWAY #SILKWAY #SILKWAY #BULGARIA #BULGARIA #BULGARIA #ARSENAL #ARSENAL #ARSENAL #TREASON #TREASON #TREASON   WAR HEROES DONT KILL OWN!!!
Shouldn't you be in bed.
Didn't Ted die of brain tumors??
Kennedy was to the left of Stalin.
Here ya go, Einstein. 

Ted Kennedy Secretly Asked The Soviets To Intervene In The 1984 Elections
Get well soon Senator McCain!

Sen. John McCain isn’t like most politicians
Breaks my heart looking at this picture. Two great men that impacted my heart & mind. Thank u very much & sending my love. Cancer sucks! 
Everyone should be able to agree CANCER SUCKS
