Too bad you aren't a US Senator, or a sr republican or in a position to do anything about this problem, right?
This country no longer has Republican Party,it's party of Trump/Putin, with Putin running the show, how long you going 2ignore danger
Do tell why you took a pic with Isis leader????
Sen McCain, when Russian Immigrant&proud American now has2beg you2take Trump down&fight4our country harder than you,something is very wrong
Why does the GOP NOT strongly condemn crazy @POTUS for continuing his inappropriate dialogue with Putin? The GOP is aiding and averting this
Старый осёл!!! Какие друзья в политике!? Ты вообще о чём?
Who are you talking to, Misha?  Does McCain speak fluent Russian?
Only a secret Russian agent would say that.
Последний раз, когда я видел Джонни в Ханое, он довольно сносно говорил по русски
You aren't America's friend.Please tell why the "Russian" lawyer that met with @DonaldJTrumpJr was in ur office with a Soros funded lawyer
For Trump money talks and country walks. Money is his country
Listen up, Trumpites. We've been through this.
Explaining to trump supporter why don't vote for con man with Russian mob ties like explaining to cocker spaniel why don't eat slug bait.
They're too busy scamming  for corporate America. Not finished. Need more time.
We're glad you still remember this Senator McCain, so now can you & the other GOP senators take Donald Trump's treasonous actions seriously?
What exactly did Trump do that was treasonous? Shake Putins hand? Should he have punched him? Or make him a deal?
Trump shouldn't be making any deals with Putin, and if you're implying that he should, you need to rethink your allegiances.
Not suggesting that at all.Nothing wrong w/him being cordial.Russia as an ally against ISIS is far better than having them as our enemy.
my dad is not lying in Arlington Cemetery so that this one and his son can buy america. troops fighting today should not have to endure this

It's strategy! jealous failed candidate rhino songbird 
#TermLimits 
Trump 2020
Fake prez gets high ratings. Hi correlation between high ratings and ability to run a country.  Where have you been? Reading or something?
Imagine Russia encircling America with military bases,playing war games at its borders & complaining:The US president is not Russia´s friend
War games into Belarus soon.  Will  baltics  say no Games?  What then? Trump seems gaga. McCain too.  Reagan and Strom Thurmond.
You say the right things and are brave in your tweets. But if that's all you're doing, you're just a keyboard warrior like the other sheep.
Agree with sheep. Breitbart horse poo.  FOX in henhouse. Infowars mad dog. So what do you read?
So when will you lead a real effort to do something to STOP the chaos and corruption!
Two kinds of corruption. 1.Corporate owned congressional corruption &2.Trump corruption.  Trump more than corruption, clear present danger.
But look at this:
Neither is Soros!  McCain you're pitiful!!!
Please John, I'm deeply disappointed. In politics there are no friendships only interests. Do I have to tell you that after all those years?
why we hate politicians.  seems to be republican modus operandi. Interests of oligarch wannabes.  So nice politicians put us first.
Hating is easy. Being responsible as a citizen and fixing it is another thing.
Standing on street corners with  sign in Spartanburg South Carolina, Trey Gowdy country, doesn't seem to be working.
He does not need to be our enemy either.  I get you are hoping to score political points against a guy you hate but your stance is cowardice
Neither are you !
But Iran and its terror militias in the Middle East apparently is becoming your friend ..
Are you content to let the trump treason thug family get away with conspiracy or will you call for impeachment? Simple question.
Absolutely!!! He is after Alaska for resources as he was for Crimea for strategic in Black Sea...
Is our president trusting more KGB vs CIA
Tell Pres and his son!
You are not Americas friend! Support our President McCain
Support lunatic-in-chief?  To do what? McCain doesn't seem too alert these days.  Trump probably qualifies for assisted-living.  To do what?
I agree and have stated my opinion on twitter as well... @realDonaldTrump needs to understand that and stop trying to be friends w a crook
Do you think breaking the friendship is an option?
We need to remain careful when dealing with the Russians.... they could use whatever #Trump is doing against our gov't
No he is not our friend but we can still work with Russia . Kind of like you senator your not our friend anymore but hope we can still talk
Neither is China Turkey and a host of other nations. Why single out Russia? Nations will have to tolerate each other,and live in harmony.
Protect the interests of the people of Az and the USA.  Stop Trump..
Putin is not our friend and it looks like Trump is not either.
Sir if you don't know Putin enemy, need tour in Lubyanka.  Won't make 5 1/2 years.
What are you going to do about it? Tweeting isn't action!
Then stand up to other GOP that Russia is no friend to our country and to not b trusted.  Country before party.  Where do u draw the line???
"Hey, why don't you just kill them Donny Boy?"  That's what happens in the Motherland!
Neither is Trump!!! IMPEACH NOW
Sir you know treason when u see it you are in a position to do something about it...we're waiting..
Who cares anymore to read any of their propaganda?
I DARE U 2 watch this John. @MeghanMcCain
Neither is the POTUS

Let's not forget about what Pencey knew and when!!!!!!!!!!
Best freinds forever ?
Please step up, Make America Great again. Your legacy as an American, proud Veteran, POW and lawmaker is at stake, as is our DEMOCRACY! 
Tell that to your president
Why is the Senate being difficult about passing a HealthCareBill House worked it & got a HCB Is there a politic hostage situation going on?
I'd rather a Bill lose do 2a Dem voting against it than lose from a GOP saying NO! Silent Majority R alive & well all across USA even in AZ
Please do me a favor and retire!
So there's now 2 confirmed guns and u know a lot more to drop. If you want the @GOP to have a say infor40 years better remove him before18
Mr. McCain, WHAT ARE U DOING ABOUT IT? You have some nerve.
Putin isn't our friend what's important is R U the POTUS's friend? Helping Trump helps USA! We voted 4him need U to align with the President
Your not Americas friend either. See you still are voting for Trumps healthcare. 22 mil will hate you. How do you live with yourself.Retire
John John John. Please retire and move. You must have sporadic dementia or an addition to crack or something. Go away
I am SICK of RUSSIA-no1 cares
Support POTUS-voted 
AZ small business owner w/bigger issues than Russia 
DO UR JOB 4AZ
It's about time that the GOP get a backbone and remove trump before he does irreparable damage to USA, in of talking about being "WORRYSOME"
They're not through scamming for the Koch Brothers cartel of oligarchic wannabes. Been scrambling since day 1.  Need time for tax bill.
The entire WH administration is NOT working for the people and GOP voted these clowns in..YOU OWN this dumpster 
I agree and here are 45 other reasons why you must stand up and ask 45 to resign, if you love America:  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/5963dae0e4b0deab7c646aea … #45Resign
Sorry but neither are you.
So what about #TrumpJr -- is he a friend of USA? How is this #MAGA
You need not convince anyone BUT Trump....you know the guy who respects Putin the thug
Do you remember when Paul Revere sat on his ass and tweeted "the Red Coats" are coming? Didn't think so!!! Do SOMETHING!!! #ruapatriot
But he IS @DonaldJTrumpJr's friend!
Neither is the Trump family
You should be exiled to Ukraine or Syria to be with your friends.
He should have him in a chokehold right about now! SMH... Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~

Wow, the GOP are so blinded by hate that they are willing to commit acts of treason to win. Never thought things would get this bad 

Jaws Drop As GOP Rep Says He Would Have Met With The Russians To Take Down Hillary Clinton http://ift.tt/2tH80uh 
I, an average American, knows that.  DT, Kushner, DTJr, Manafort, Flynn should know that but are easily swayed by greed and power..traitors!
Thanks captain obvious, when are you going to retire?
Neither is John McCain.  Please retire  #senility
History proves that only a fool would think that we could be friends with Putin Trump has risk our security and our future so he could win
John we agree! Please focus, lead @SenateGOP and REJECT #TrumpCare!  Is wrong 4 the American People!
Tillerson will never sound like john Kerry. I am sure our President knows what Putin is capable of.
Nor are you McCain
We need to work with Putin! Wake up ole man
Trump is not Americas friend! Dictator trump is definition of nepotism!
You need to stop going on the Sunday shows and just zip your mouth for the rest of the year.
If Putin isn't out friend then why are you not insisting on impeachment ?  Protect America
Tell that to the leader of your party!!!  Take back GOP now
Most of us know..we also know Trump & his thugs aren't America's friends either. Nor the current Republican party. We know. 
#TheResistance
We know that you served & sacrificed so much for our country. Are you willing to sit back & watch it be destroyed by a madman & his thugs ?
I wonder how much of a friend the USA has in John McCain!
Then do something.
Russia is our Allie. That doesnt mean friends
We know. Trump should not be president because of his attitude toward dictatorships, if for no ther reason
Hope you liked how the man you support bowed down to this murderer. He's selling America to Putin and you stand by and let him #traitor
Yes. We know! Stop this, Senator! Country over party!
Yes, ISIS guys are your friends John
WSJ: we don't like Trump, but Obama was worse...
No kidding - please start doing something pro-active to get this mistake out of the WH.
Sir, u can't keep going back & forth, pick a side, u r a patriot, act that way, your country needs u now more than ever #impeach45
Senator, can you convince the moron in the Oval Office of this fact?
Donald  Trump does not care about America.Donald  Trump cares about Don Trump.And Donald  Trump believes Putin is his friend.His America 1st
So when do you plan on doing something about this traitor in the White House?
Ruch reminded us today you
Colluded with Hillary and the
DNC to bring Trump down
Why didn't you tell voters that
Right u would have lost
Who are America's friends, mainly those who we give LATS of MONEY to, friendship is not bought.
You're going to jail traitor.
.... nor ANYBODY else's, @SenJohnMcCain!
The two clowns r in charge of the circus. Shell i take care of them Said the spider to the fly.
George soros funds McCain
McCain is not Americas friend
Twump: but he likes me. Can I keep him??
At best, POTUS and his team are merely incompetent.  At worst, POTUS is compromised.  You are our Constitutional safeguard.  Do your duty.
#retire
sorry I don't read fake news.
No, he's not. What are you going to do about that?
American politicians are not America's friends either. where does that leave us?
Nobody's America's friend.
When john kerry worked in WH,putin hadn't hacked our elections & neither was obamas team in the news every week 4 lying abt russian meetings
Obama wasnt lying abt having NOTHING to do w russia. So try again. I am glad you are telling Trump putin is not our friend.
Damn, you're a one trick pony! Are you capable of doing anything but parroting 1-2 talking points! Get busy and repeal ACA for gosh sakes!
The cease fire was a sham.  Suspect foul play when ever Trump acts with Putin https://www.buzzfeed.com/nancyyoussef/looking-for-details-on-syria-ceasefire-dont-ask-us-military?utm_term=.dan9DYONz#.voE4WGVoj …
No he's not just friends w/ trump, meaning trump is a Russian spy,disrespect to the USA flag & everything it stand for!
What language are they whispering?
Who ever claimed they would be our "friend"? No one. Time for you to ride off into the sunset. Your Russia boogeyman stories are getting old
Unless you're going 2 take action 2 against Trump's appeasement of Putin, save it. Your words are meaningless when you vote 100% w/him.
YOU'RE THE 1 WHO NEGOTIATED TO SUPPORT ISIS AGAINST A SOVEREIGN NATION AFTER YOUR FALSE FLAG POISON GAS ATTACK. TRAITOR!
JOHN I DONT KNOW WHAT 'THEY'VE' GOT ON YOU BUT IT MUST BE PRETTY DAMNED BAD TO BE DESPERATE TO FOMENT WWIII & DESTROY US
Tell that to your president.  He seems to be his new BMF.  Putin will destroy him.  Frankly, maybe he needs that.
The President is giving away the country on the GOP watch.  Help us!!!!!
Talk talk talk, NO ACTION
Then please get Trump out
Neither are you
He's Trumpo's friend.
so do something about it. All talk and no action.
What will you DO about this, sir?  Enough mild complaining, time for action against this bizarre, utterly dishonest administration
We agree! Only the POTUS is for some reason very sympathetic to Putin. Please stop his treasonous actions! POTUS does not value America.
And you Sir?  You are supporting the resistance party. Get on the train
McCain Sent a Minion to Pick Up Dirt on Candidate Trump. Your own party or is it? Helping Hillary over your own party evil untrustworthy
You also McCain are not Americas friend, retire now!!!
Do something! Protect our nation! Stand up and take action
Thank you for pushing back on this Senator. Playing footsie with Putin, as the current administration seems determined to do, is alarming.
Amen
Stop blocking healthcare!
Tighten the reigns on President Twitter please. Pretend he's Andrew Johnson and you're a Radical Republican.
Then do your fucking job John.  Country before Party, just once.
If you need this article as guidance then you are more deranged than Trump. Anyone thinking Putin is going to help is a fool.
Stop riding his stick Trump he's a bad hombre!!!
DO something about Trump!!!! Words are cheap, at this point!! We're counting on you!!
Because Putin has stopped you of turning Syria to a jihadi's heaven just like Libya!
Do something Stop Trump
Get off your ass and fix the health care bill
45 thinks Putin is real swell guy. Save us John.
Kara-Murza brave + Important! @potus would love to be more powerful MOBSTER like @putinrf able to kill dissidents + journalists!  #treason
Neither is Soros he hats America constitution and hates Israel
Thank you for tweeting this.  People need to understand this is not a partisan situation.  Putin is our enemy.  someone tell Trump.
Thank you for stating the obvious!!
@KellyannePolls please read this to @POTUS. Thanks.
But do you think Trump us a Russian agent. Elephants in rooms.
That's not what potus says. He says Putin is a Friend, Reporters are the Enemy,our Intel is fake & you are not a hero. (Ps: potus is insane)
Reporters are not lefty enemies
When they ride a 17 out of 17
Intel agencies lie for 7 months
And it was 4 of 17 that reporter is an enemy
Sorry Richard - I don't speak whatever language you are speaking.
Sen. McCain -- Please send this to the WH. Thank you for all you do.
I bet you still won't have the spine to do anything about it sir. Words are meaningless sans action.
do you treat friends destroying airfield of  ally? do you treat a friend by destroying there economy by competing with there energy sales?
You're not America's friend either. You block & oppose everything POTUS does. You're as bad as the Dems. Get over Trumps words & GROW UP!
I hope the so called POYUS reads this..
But it clearly has been proven that this is NOT their first meeting. Herr Drumpf has admitted that they met prior to election after lying &
Saying he's never met him!!! We can't allow his lies to become fact anymore. If U R with Drumpf, then UR against democracy and America!!
Speak louder so a few more Republicans can hear you. Thanks.
Then do something about it! You are a ranking Republican Senator! Start impeachment proceedings against the traitor in office! #25thtge45th
He does it because he can, knowing that Republicans care more about SC Nominations then national security.
Tell that to the so called President!
We are under attack, Trump won't act. We need Congress to save our country.
#closetdemocrat

@LindseyGrahamSC u 2 can be remembered for standing up to the most destructive Russian agent in history or for giving aid and comfort to him
These spies need to be kicked out of our country now. http://thehill.com/homenews/news/340918-russia-steps-up-spying-efforts-after-election-report …
NO SH...T  SHERLOCK. your a mumbling basket case.
You often don't seem to be @POTUS friend!!  You shoud pass #Healthcare & #taxreformnow !! TWEET ABOUT #Comeyday the #Leaker
John UR either crazy or a traitor PLS retire B4 U get everyone blown up
Mr. Senator, to paraphrase Kissinger: Putin doesn't have friends, only interests.
sit in a rocking chair and watch the grass grow - no one is paying heed to your absurd thoughts anymore

 What? Russia is not a friend?! Maybe you should tell @realDonaldTrump this "breaking news"!!! Bwah ha ha ha ha! I'm dying over here! 
Tillerson and Trump think Putin there friend and no one seems to stop  eith or them
. .  Obama knows something about that.
