Y don't u give us the same ins u guys have? U really should just stay home &not come bak! U kno ur not runnin again,ur only goin2fuck things
WROUNG NORTH Korea is !!!!
WRONG !  China is our biggest threat !
COWARD!!!!! Turncoat!!!! SONG BIRD!!!!
Sen. McCain:  Still the Straight Talking Express; a TRUE American hero.
None of this should have been about Trump. This is supposed to B about America, it's people & R place in this world. This is sickening
Trump has accomplished things in his life with his ego. You have accomplished nothing. You are a traitor to the American people.
McCain, you cant see past your own ego. You joined the Dems just to hurt Trump, you could care less about the suffering lower middle class.
Our biggest threat are theRepublicans who've been bought off by democrats.  What a disgrace! What side do you really serve? Clinton? Soros?
yeah right.if we cant kill everyone by taking everything away from them lets get into a war and get rid of them that way,dude you've lost it
Then the investigation includes Hillary?
Of u guys sitting up there making laws that we have2live by but not u guys! Just like this f'd up healthcare! If it was so good y rnt u onit
Mr McCain: are you not privy to USA intelligence? You know, the part of OUR govt interfering in other countries "elections"?
Oh please "Song Bird"!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y …
It seems you care nothing about supporting the American voters that elected Trump, only consumed with your hatred for him, grow up.
Your obsession w/ russia is bizarre... Someday I think we will find out why.
We'll see Bubba, get the actual DNC server have it forensicly tested by the FBI. GET the results THE AND ONLY THEN scream Russia.
McCain proved himself to be a liar with his recent vote on Obamacare, no matter how he tries to justify his actions
@OlgaCollette well said Senator
Prez Trump cuz u,Lindsey & the rest of u fake Rinos & elitests couldn't stand that we the ppl actually wanted Prez Trump 4Prez cuz we r sik
U that BS dossier on Prez Trump & u acted like u just had 2give2Colmey & pretend like u didn't kno anything about it! U did it 2embarass...
No he isn't! We don't give a shit about Russia! U Jon would rather prosecute Prez Trump, but Obama,HRC,Colmey,Lynch,& your friend who gave
Himself and fellow democrats posing as republicans implementing big government policies. Time to get back to Regan Trump small government.
Our biggest threat? This says it all, except your picture here is missing! RINO loser! Retire now! #MAGA #TrumpParty @realDonaldTrump 
such a political hack, China is a bigger threat, the Russians did it the Russians did it what a dam joke.

What an egotistical and fantastical thing for you to say. Do you watch the news? Have you listened to yourself, and your colleagues?
It is Mr McCain,y don't like him personally,you are  damaging Mr Trump's presidency ,he needs your support!
Mad John McC *is* the biggest threat
Thank you for exercising the Checks and Balances needed from Legislative Br. 
Most don't have your courage.

We know perfectly that there is no collusion it is just a distraction  and you guys in the government need to work to pass bills

ThinkYou Know John McCain?

WATCH THIS …
That would be the ONLY thing you have been right on!
John McCain will retire and his Legacy will be He doomed the GOP back to the Minority Party
I wish everyone would understand this point of view. It truly is about America
They are about Trump & Co. though. Bill Browder's testimony was quite informative and compelling. What did you think of it?
Support you Senator Mcain!
McCain is a progressive just like those on the editorial board NEVER TRUMPERS
hey senile: I'm sure you've heard of NKorea: uh they are promising to Nuke us : Russia hasn't done that since 1963
John McCain is no war hero – he has covered up POW’s left behind in Vietnam for years
John Insane McCain's daddy helped cover-up the israeli attack on the USS Liberty;  Johnny later lied about there being not POWs left behind.

So true!! This was always about the attack on our democracy until we heard the denials from potus the firings & lies about who met with whom
McCain you are one of the establishment 'SWAMP'. Don't care about American, Legal immigrants & Seniors. God bless People Pres Trump
Your Full of Want your dr keep your dr lib BS. Switch parties publicly not behind our backs!  @AZGOP too.
John & Co created ISIS with their own hands and now talk about the biggest threat. Pathetic
Idiots
Hope you are doing great.  I know what you are going thru is very hard. I have you in my prayers every day 
@SenJohnMcCain knows more about tactical strategy than the entire cabinet and @realDonaldTrump should get on his knees and shine his shoes
The Russian hacking was a result of Hillary and Obama trying to influence Putans election ,illegal servers, numerous phones poor security
As well as Podesta s opening emails and his and Hillary business in Russia
Sadly - a brave American -McCain cannot see beyond his own ego
Look at the picture, even his wife is looking at him as if he were nuts, but then, well, she does have sleep with it.
Kick cancer's ass sir!!
So as repealing Obamacare ass*ole
Your an embarrassment John
You are a threat to save this country and make it better.
The biggest threat is the disease that infected the @GOP decades ago that culminated in the election of trump. Biggest challenge: fixing it
The face you end up with after your betrayal! Karma
John McCain is a SNAKE. He will stab you in the back, make no mistake. His entire life is a LIE. He is not to be trusted with anything.
YOU ARE OUR biggest threat ....."SONGBIRD"
Our biggest threat is in the White House.  Someone take the prez's phone away!  His mouth is going to get us all killed.
Remember: Obama to Russia: ‘After My Election I Have More Flexibility’. This rest that was saying he will Hillary work with them.
John McCain is the biggest threat to the USA
It's about how our government leaders failed to stop this are noticed this BEFORE the election. Obama again failed the American public
Obama interfered with Israel's election.wheres big mouth john mc cain????  Come on mc cain why arent you crying foul??? Fake, phoney, mccain
Oh shut up about russia already.  Many countries including our own interfere with other nations elections  Why aren't you upset at obama??
Trump rejecting the fact that climate change is real. That going to lead us into doom.
We are going to lost all major cities near The coastline. Trust in yourself and the congress.stop this.
"AZ Central Editorial: John McCain sees Russia as our biggest threat. Donald Trump can't see beyond his own ego."
2nd & 3rd worst threats are Trump in NJ for 17 days & Bannon w/ Breitbart media in White House!
Because the wall never came down
True thing thar russia is an enemy to all free countries in the world. Common russians really hate U.S. Savagely and jelously, really sick.
The biggest threat to america is the democratic and republican parties
Y r ur military records sealed? Y did u accept a Presidential Pardon? Hero's don't need pardons, traitors do!
Nice picture. We all know about your health issues. Quit pandering for sympathy.
You don't understand.  Keep your friends close but your enemys closer.
Our biggest threat are covert fake conservatives like Songbird McCain. Bought and paid for by the Rothschild family.
McCain is the biggest threat to Southern Arizona.  He's left us with no representation and serves his own  radical leftist interests.
Where have you been?
After your big lie about REPEALING OBAMACARE you have NO credibility. I don't believe a word you say anymore!
McCain wants a war to make cash for his bosses of military industries
Stfup
John mccain & Rino Republicans are back
created every gov mess from SnL 
to #DeepState deregulation that blew up Economy
#NeverTrumpers
#retire
Russia is a country that sees benefit in attacking. This can't stand. I stand with McCain on security.
Too bad nobody is listening in the GOP
bullshit go fishing
No McCain YOU just Can't See.............( one eyed fool)
Ur not skeered o Putin neither John, ur trying to. Low smoke up our butts so u can keep running off visiting the Savages
Yeah We ain't Skeered of Russia , Russia needs an ally worse then we do they wud make a good one and give us Leverage ,
As big:  right wing radio that demonize people who are different and have different points of view.  (Rebuttal time urgently needed)
This guy has lost it.  Maybe he should get a mental evaluation after the health issue?
Hillary sells uranium to them & yet u think nothing of it!! Hypocrite!!!!
YOU, Sen. McCain have the ego problem..........
Hey John   What have you been doing the last 10 + years about the Russian  problem?  HUIH??  You are fired from senate!!!!  Go home.  Please
He has been in Congress over seeing our military readiness being depleated to where only 1/3 of aircraft are flight ready, he lied about it
Well, big ego finally McCain is an authority.  A tufa for him since he can swat @realDonaldTrump again.  McCain is peculiarly unstable.
John McCain is a democrat in republican clothing! Both he and Flake will be replaced if we have elect Libertarians to replace them.
some one should punch  @SenJohnMcCain in the other eye so he would have matching scars
Chris McCain never abandoned the American people !
Keep telling the truth John! We The People need more like you to stand for USA
Our Biggest Threat to our Freedoms and Liberty's are politicians like John McCain.
Amen.

Weird they've known about Russian interference for several years but only care now if it can help dirty Trump...still haven't seen any facts
@realDonaldTrump was elected by how many states? How many states did you get when you ran?
Check USS Forrestal - who was mortal threat there? You are Also the Senate's deepest swamp creature.
We will vote you out!  Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance supplement

Yes McCain and the elitist is our biggest threat to America he is Anti Trump legislation not moving no hero to me
You are wrong!! Our biggest threat is you and the Dumbocrats!! You and your friend George Soros are undermining our country!!
The biggest threat to America is a turncoat cowardly brain damaged sheep that should have died in Vietnam. Half brain McShame hates America.
Medvedev called Trump "impotent". Now when Rubio said Trump had small hands, DT goes nuts. After "impotent" comment, NOTHING. Why why why?
citizens voted for justice, immigration reform and health insurance fix. There will be a revolt if GOP continues to screw the voters.
Of course Trump thinks everything is about him. Most extreme narcissist I have ever seen. AND he puts Russia first.
You are a much bigger threat to our constitution and liberty than any foreign power or terrorist org
Not buying it. All countries spy on each other's elections. Even the US does it.
Time to step down, you have outlived your welcome. #Traitor #RINO #EnemyOfThePeople
McCain is America's biggest threat in Congress. REPEAL OBAMACARE!!!
Get over it.
May God bless you and keep you safe and healthy.  We can't lose a National Treasure like you. Godspeed on your full recovery!
Your a traitor, convicted!
TRAITOR TRAITOR TRAITOR TRAITOR TRAITOR
He is the threat to the @POTUS  agenda
Thank you Sen. McCain. If I were to choose a conservative POTUS, it would be you.
Jackass!
RUSSIA IS NOT ARE BIGGEST THREAT.???
As an European citizen, I feel that Russia is the worst danger for us - and weakening of US leadership - our shield - is the second.
Dont blame Trump for the Russian hacking.  Blame Obama who knew about it and didnt do anything to stop it.
Our biggest threat is Progressive Globalists like McCain & his Buddies
Sorry John the USA has been doing the same thing to countries for years ! Get over it . Get better security !
See the UN vote on NKorea #SongBird. @potus @realDonaldTrump
You have to stop him.
trump should not work toward isolationism. america is great; but, can be greater with a strong group of allies.
Senator McCain is 100% correct and it would be helpful if President Trump got with the program when it comes to Russia.
Picking out the next war zone you want us to invade John?
Putin knows trump, studied him, watched Brexit happen, is meddling in Eastern EU, & uses N. Korea as leverage. Putin wants power back.
Our biggest threat is an incompetent senator.
Retire liar.
Putin paid attention to trump's praise, knew he was weak & needed him as the president. I don't think the outcome would'be been different...
Spot on. It isn't about who won the election. Russia wants a division between the US & EU & see this administration as weak....
U,John McCain are the biggest threat to America's democracy. Your agenda to stop our POTUS'S agenda is http://UNAMERICAN.YOU  ARE A TRAITOR
McCain ask our Reps & senator's if they are willing to put America before Russia?
The biggest Threat is not Russia but the left and the establishment.
The left?  Don't think so. Looks to be our current administration pay attention.
RETIRE!!!!!!
Seems like you @SenJohnMcCain have a pretty good sized ego yourself. Pot vs Kettle. Go home and spend your remaining days with family.
Ever hear of North Korea?
What comes around goes around, McCain! Russia most likely has information about you're spilling the beans in Vietnam. 
McCain is the one with the ego.Fake news, liberals and Rino's who are the swamp  are our biggest threat.
I don't know Senator, I have a tie between Russia & Iran. I'm with POTUS, be tough when needed, engage to improve relations. China lurking.
McCain needs to retire. His vote against repeal makes him unable to see its problems. It's evident he can't see how it hurts families.
I agree Russia is the threat but Trump is enabling them. His actions are criminal.
list those Trump actions:______________________
##Trump is tied to Putin so the investigation is about Trump!!!

https://consortiumnews.com/2017/07/24/intel-vets-challenge-russia-hack-evidence/ …
Trump  is the President ! It's about him!Plus control  of USA ! They both hate the Democratic  view!
Awesome! Taking 45's name out of it, is genius! The idea of his "identity" being excluded from anything, has got to drive him crazy. #resist



USA needs to stop meddling in other countries election
Our biggest threat is the progressives globalist and their socailist ideology! Which u are part of! And backed by Soros and the DNC!
Here's not right about anything especially the rights and defence of Americans. That's a subject he doesn't give a rats ass about. Traitor.
Of course. He always thinks he's right. Thinking & acting more like a democrat. War monger
God bless you, dear Senator John McCain. You were and are a hero and will remain so. Thumbs up to you, great American! 
Your observation is too constrained.  Threat is oligopoly. Not just Russian- ours, too. Too few benefit from economy is a threat to all.
Congress is our biggest threat
YOU and the media are the ones making it about @potus. Potus works circle around anything you've ever done. Remember the #dossier u created?
Go away!
