U should be ashamed... NEVER criticize @POTUS in another country

#DixieChicks

U SHOULD apologize to @realDonaldTrump
@Patriot_MM @mmmoonie @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
OMG "according to an immigration reduction group." ROFL
Uh-Oh,  HuffPo = Leftard Bible.
McCain is scum.  Almost to the level of a California Libtard.
Just because President Trump goes after the media for lies doesn't make him a dictator. remember what they did to Sarah Palin
What do you mean they aren't independent? Are you saying they are liberal biased and an arm of the DNC?
Stop insulting the president on foreign ground. You're emboldening our enemies abroad!
trump does that all by himself!!! He needs no help!
You liberals can have McCain. He is an embarrassment to this country. Tnk GOD 4 Trump.
Thank you Senator for all you do for our country! You are a true American hero!
before you claim McCain is a hero, you should google the traitor, pardoned by Nixon for treason
I don't need t Google a blasted thing! I don't agree w/him 100% of the time, but the man is a HERO.
He was known as "Hanoi John" as he helped the enemy. Pardoned by Nixon. You are blinded to truth
Tell you what, u endure torture, starvation and let ur broken bones go untreated & then we'll have a chat.
you're a globalist evil a$$hole.
he's an attention monger? Ha! Look in the mirror!
you expressed your thoughts on him not being a hero? Are you a hero expert? Doubtful.
So that makes u an expert? I don't claim anything. I also don't insult POWs or try to diminish their service.
Do you think you are the Commander in 
Chief now also? Sorry, but your attitude does not qualify you.
what about the threat from this administration? Investigate Russian influence against U.S. Democracy! Please sir
I wish you were our President. Ughhhhhhh!
your a bad man @HaiderAlAbadi
when's your next meeting with al Qaeda?
Thank you, John McCain!  You are a true American patriot and statesman!
Time for you to be a Positive force for change in Senate. Constant Self-righteous Indignation does not look good on anyone.
I watched main media through our pres campaign.  All I saw was bashing Trump, glorifying Hillary.  Had enough
Sir, you have a lot of nerve. As a Navy Vet, I find your behavior highly disturbing. Stop bashing our @POTUS
continue to disrespect the commander in chief of this country. I think u need a refresher course in rank & respect! 2/2
Thank you Sen for being a true patriot! God Bless you, sir!
you not the president nor will you ever be. Show respect to pident trumnd your country
please explain 'pident trumnd.'
@marcorubio THANK YOU I trust  & believe in YOU & MCCAIN tho I am a democrat save our country!!!
better google McCain before you decide to trust a traitor.
I am fine with anyone who is forcing that criminal OUT of office!!
please help. We the people are in trouble!!
What's Ayote & Liberman doing there? @SenJohnMcCain @HaiderAlAbadi
WE THE PEOPLE don't trust you John! Back stabbed our president. you're a globalist. Bad!
to bad you don't answer crisis letter from a veteran. Lost all my confidence I once had in you.
#McCain epitomizes #TheSwamp
@lor65 @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS.. No,  Sarah,  it's called From "Hero - 2 - Traitor", &  an elected Senator should loose his Passport.
.. McCain should "grounded" & "sent 2 his room.!" He's senile or doing Meds.  Get him tested, ASAP.!
Your job is to support the president & work together on common goals McCain. You are a traitor to your party.
You Have Done Nothing
all lies mcwaffle u need to resign IMMEDIATELY
Making the rounds Making pretend u r Commander in Chief.Sorry u r not @POTUS.Never was,never will.Retire&drop dead#Loser
Shameful
it's ISIS not ISIL
They're called ISIS not ISIL! You sound like Obama! Resign!
terrorism is scary, yes, but I find our president scarier right now.
"you " are the establishment !That's why Trump won !To go to Washington and clean up.  You are part of the problem. Go home
you are a traitor to the American people
TIME FOR TERM LIMITS TO GET THIS TRASH OUT OF OFFICE ! HE IS A TRAITOR ! GET HIM @POTUS ! HANG TRAITORS NOW !
Where have you been for the past two years?
. @SenJohnMcCain How dare you attack the American people and your president, & then glorify your failed project, ISIS, by calling it ISIL!
Did ya surrender - John, John McCain?
Senator McCain is by far,not my favorite Republican he seems to flip flop alot
Here we go again,lmportant foreign affairs issues and children commenting on Adult matters
Disappointed in your Loyalty for the new Pres, you've stood quietly while my Brother's suffered at the VA! MAJ Barton-Retired

Please! Your Embarrassment to the Republican party 40 years. It's time for you to retire
You think you are so important and you are nothing but a big loser and will never get re-elected again
UR a Horrible Traitor to Country + Shill for Liberal Dems. Attacking POTUS is attack on the USA. Resign Now!!
At Team Trump, we do not discuss, we take authority and crush the spirit of ISIL.  MAGA
- CIA "BLACKMAILING" You and Lindsey Graham!  Come clean!  Step down!
were the same old ppl wanting an end 2 terrorists they'd go 4 it, not confuse and obstruct.
blah, blah, blah. Same song, no change, why, b-cuz same suits involved. Dont really want pos. Solution.
Mc cain does not want to fight ISIS HE WANTS TO FUND THEM LIKE HELLERY AND OBUMMER
interesting considering @senjohnmccain funded isis
Hmm.... Are you now working for Democratic Party? Obviously, you want to be quoted far & wide by Democrats.
You are so out of line! You divide us with zings to POTUS for the sake of your ego. You are petty. Stop it!
Made a fool of yourself by trashing your President and your Country.
please go back to the cave McCain
As long as the incontinent bitter gimp senator from Arizona feels important. #alludidwasgetcaught #bittergimp
ISIL? More BS from the Manchurian candidate JM
WHAT DID U DO IN VIETNAM AND WHY DID U SILENCE POW/MIA FAMILIES? Investigation needed #LeaveNoOneBehind
Lowlife - do not deserve to be American much less represent
U can't b serious. Should hv worked on POW/MIA's in Vietnam. #NotQualified #NotSpokesmanForUSA
what ISIL
Retire this idiot, oldest snowflake I've seen so far. Smh
how about the fight against globalism
You are a traitor. Trump knew you. He knew things we didn't....TRAITOR. You never helps the guys in Vietnem
Trying to figure out what war to enter into now John?
Just one woman in the picture. Not great!
-McCain is a super creepy traitor....shameful guy. It's sad.
You disrespect an American vet, and war hero? You are no patriot.
-He's no patriot, he's a traitor. Pay attention!
Proof?
IT'S CALLED THE ISLAMIC STATE OR ISIS; BUT NOT ISIL.  ISIL IS SOMETHING OBAMA TRIED TO USE TO "SOFTEN THE...
...SOUND OF WHAT THEY REALLY ARE/ JIHADIST/ ISLAMIC STATE TERRORIST.  PS YOUR POLITICAL CAREER IS OVER.
Hey McCain, don't we say ISIS!
Another Carter. Why not just SHUT UP, CKICKEN!
Where's Tillerson?
http://thehill.com/policy/international/320290-rand-paul-were-very-lucky-john-mccains-not-in-charge …
Give us some more top secret intel you traitor !! Your treason will be revealed.. You are NOT a hero...
.. And yet you publicly SUPPORTED the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt ?? You McCain are a TRAITOR to America #MAGA
Oh..great.I feel better knowing the #nwo representative was there.NOT..Pull his passport before he gets back. @HaiderAlAbadi
.@SenJohnMcCain our #NeverTrumper - It's obvious you're an ISIS sympathizer. Perhaps you'll be meeting with @jeffsessions about that.
BOOM
#NeverAHero
Slandering our president on foreign soil ? Punks come in all ages McCain, & you're an old one.
You jerk! Why weren't you with our Sec. of State?  You're like Obama representing us.....useless!
in fact, it is that government that is the source of terror by shielding Shia militias backed by Iran
Bad mouthing the president in a foreign country is cowardice. Get home and do you job . Stop wasting time
@SenMajLeader @SenateFloor #Expel or #Censure
we will be at war with Iraq dummy, stay there!!!
Maybe you should TAKE THE TIME to have a discussion with President Trump and clear the air instead of backstab
How much money has George Soros given you?
why is Ayotte there. She isn't in congress.
I'm so sick of you bashing the president! You can't hold a candle to him you senile POS! Get out of my country
You always rely on your "war hero" status. You were not a war hero. Traitor then, traitor now!
We need to get you out of office ASAP!! You are a traitor!
McCain you need to stay in Arizona and stop wasting taxes payers money flying around and spewing lies
Are you now the self appointed SOS?

Where were you for the last 5 years on fixing the ISIL issue?
You should be fired for your lies McCain
play nice with Mr. Trump and protect our country so that all you have sacrificed is worthwhile.
This has gone on way to long  just make it happen. Leaders that really need to lead not just talk
your comments about Trump are completely out of line. Sorry I voted for u. Lessor of two evils
The POTUS sets USforeign policy,not Congress,not The Senate,not failed Presidential candidates.Only the POTUS!
Hey Butt-wipe, UR not the president! U lost!  Now Lose the sour grapes & help us get unified as a party.
9 Congressmen traveling the globe when they can't seem to finish health care and tax reform?
You are embarassing yourself and our country. If you cannot support our @POTUS retire!!!
very nice my question is what did we accomplish?
The United States Of America does not need scum like McCain speaking for us, or about our President..
anyone taking donations privately from democratic donors/ money from hedge funds connected to Soros is out.
.@SenJohnMcCain @HaiderAlAbadi 

McCain's in Iraq supporting our troops. 

Trump's in Florida begging for support. 

#McCain2020
looks like you planning on running for POTUS in 2020, well your remarks will get you less than 1%!! Need to stop cruel rims
Jonny ypu crashed 5 Jets before the one that made you a POW,  your Daddy made your path not u. U R a DISGRACE
Your not in war but you sure are starting one with PT. Your the system we want out so voters will be watching
retire John McCain! Don't let the door hit you
if you are an American legislator why are you overseas discussing international matters?
Is your buddy Soros going to be there too? Hypocrite
Podestas leaked emails..We can always rely on McCain and Graham...TRAITORS!
Senator, with all due respect, why don't you sit down and work through your issues with our President face-to-face vs media?
You think wore you will be frightening Poles with the pressure, for you dichead. So that you die. Amen.
WHERE DID TRUMP SAY HE WANTED TO RID US OF THE PRESS???? HE JUST WANTS HONESTY FROM THEM! U NEED TO RETIRE.
shame on you for not supporting our president. Maybe it's time for you to retire.
John McCain shouldn't be in charge of any thing, not even Romper Room. Lyin no good skum.
Trader has always sided in with the low life democrats like Pelosi, Shummer, Sanders, Obama all low lifes.
Term limits for people like you.
Sirius I realize you're still butt hurt Trump won and you couldn't when you ran.get over you work for US!
Get with the program @SenJohnMcCain - this is not about you, it's about America - get over ur personal bs and get to work #potus @cnn @nbc
Are you so desparate to be on tv you are willing to lower yourself to the level of the Dems/Media. Pathetic, "dictator", lame
You have your hands in the cookie jar dont you johnny,well wait till your daddy finds out.
is this like when u went and met isis a couple of years ago in Syria and said they were the good guys
#fakesenator #fakerepublican
calls potus trump a dictator in progress for criticizing MSM -exposed w personal vendetta #embarrassing #loser @cnn @nbc @abc
, what is your problem, Trump supported you and now your stabbing him in the back
Attacking Trump supports terrorists.
Its ISIS,left says isil,do your job,stop being a problem,get in line or get out of the way.
McCain you supported Trump at last minute to get elected. Even during early stages if Russian Ruse. Hypocrit
Comparing Trump to a dictator is unacceptable, unconscionable and dumb Please think before you talk Thank you
Stop trashing the POTUS while you're overseas...it's childish and harmful. Attacking the media doesn't make one a dictator.
Attacking the President while you're overseas is disgraceful..get out of the gutter
Oh look! It's the never Trumpers! Stop disrespecting our @POTUS or resign.
ihave no respect for you anymore I don't know how you got elected again I wouldn't have voted for you
Sounds like you spent a lot of time attacking Trump. Fellow POWs are insulted!
