How far along are we on Russian investigation? The country can't take too much of this Trump madness help us b4 it's too late
so u r busy attacking our President AND Sen. Rand Paul, all while putting up Final Four brackets??
John, you've spoken patriotically lately.Please remember your patriotism when abominations like Trump"care"are put to a vote.

Sir you forgot to Pick Mich St. v Miami (FL) #Spartyon
don’t care, save America’s healthcare.  Create a single payer universal healthcare law
Do you think picking AZ over the ZAGS might be a mistake?
yes. The Zags will lose to Notre Dame first.
How about doing some work. Support @POTUS  or retire already.Who cares about a game.#DoYourJob
@andrewperloff @dpshow @UofA @APlayersProgram dude that's great. I hope the Cats get it done but please stop Trump!!
Our tax dollars at work!
I am sick, old and poor. I work harder on current issues than you. REALLY SAD!
Maybe you need to focus on how to do your job.......#yousuck
Ask your friend in ISIS what their bracket is.
You do that on the taxpayers dime Johnnie. SS, Medicare, debt, deficit, heathcare, etc etc etc
Now that you're finished could you please continue the fight against Russia in our American Democracy? The USA needs you now!
Spending time supporting a group that boycotts NC and yet plays in China and Cuba
starting this month I have no healthcare.. get to work, forget about basketball.
Please retire. Now.
@andrewperloff @dpshow @UofA @APlayersProgram Whoa, whoa. I little heavy on Pac12 there, chief.
all Pac 12 final? 2 teams from same conference pretty rare. @BillWalton, take that bet?
Ok after you finish filling out your BB bracket and chasing false Russian conspiracy#GETTOWORK
Most of you on here missed the tournament for the last 8 years. Obama did this 2. Country been screwed for years lol
glad your staying busy. Pre-occupying you from pushing against @POTUS  Trump @dpshow @UofA @APlayersProgram
glad you did something today. Poster child for term limits!
RESIGN
resign
Who the hell cares what you think, is this your only preocupation!
I thought Obama was gone but instead Sen McCain has taken his place. A Soros supporter @POTUS
McCain the pain is now acting like Obama
Wait… you and Lindsey didn’t fill this out together?

Sad. Very sad.
Celebrity? Bracket Challenge, no...Benedict Arnold Bracket Challenge, yes.
Wow McCain finally accomplished something. Shame it has nothing to do with his job as usual!
I have to admire your loyalty to the home team.
pac-12 all the way! except as a UCLA alum, i have UCLA over UA...lol
we don't care about your pick - get back to work!
Dear Senator McCain,
    You're a homey! I respect that! How many Senators make a bracket?
You Sir, are a great American #Hero #WeAreAllAmericans
little west coast bias
Bread and circuses eh? Keep those citizens asleep! We are awake and watching 
just like you buddy obama
Who gives a shit about your ncaa picks? You are a traitor and have been since Vietnam. RESIGN!
While you are promoting your basketball bracket, Trump is trying to fix the mess in the U.S.
Screw your bracket do something about the Criminals running this country!
The tag inside says, #Imma #JohnMcShame #SorosPuppet @dpshow @UofA @APlayersProgram
Why is the NCAA more important than the healthcare of your constituents?
My March Madness has the names of GOP foot draggers. The thing is, there ARE no winners.
How about the Steve King huh?
Who Cares?
Really? How about meeting with our #POTUS to work on real issues TOGETHER, united? #TermLimits
at Trumps rate, we won't be a country anymore by the final 4
we didn't see your evidence that Soros is not paying you today
Russia & Healthcare; Focus.  Shouldn't this be done on your private twitter on your own time?
It is painful to see that this is a priority over saving our republic.
Good Pick, Senator. Hope UCLA prevails, but Arizona is my 2nd choice (my mom lives there)
You are a big disappointment to me Stop anti Trump retoric your party  will fall
That's nice.  Had plenty of time since you only worked 105 days last year for $180,000.00
Where's Trump's Cabinet?? 
WHO CARES???
go stop Trump. Do your job.
that's more important than keeping our country safe and making sure we have good healthcare.
who cares.
John, you have no time for this...get ur ass to work !  Your approval rating is less than 15 !
Retire.
Thank you Sen. McCain showing respect to the lower half of the state by picking @UACoachMiller @APlayersProgram
who cares - don't you have a great more to do than play games?
back to work turncoat
@BadgerMBB dream Senator my Badgers will take your AZ. Dinner next time I am in DCA or U IAH
Loyalty: nice move, Senator.
Wish you spent that much time representing the Arizona voter who put you in office.
Well now, I am not the only one who wants UofA all the way!
Best of luck! I lost interest when U of Illinois and Georgetown out.
you took timeout from back stabbing trump, ok.
Have @pac12 faith that the Trojans can beat the Friars to take #11 in the East @USC_Athletics
are you one of the ones who griped about Obama filling out a bracket?
hey John-boy, most Americans think of u as a do nothing senator. This & ur insubordination 
glad you had time to do this versus doing your job but then again, this keeps you from talking
In your dreams!
Wow...and you still find time to attack @POTUS and no time for AHCA.  Great.
my god, Senator!  This is the first time we've ever agreed..
Spring Training Baseball in ARIZONA, I give you alot more credit Sen.John McCain;Than myself
That looks like Arizona version of "chalk", yet very plausible
A half million Arizonans will lose their insurance & die prematurely, but at least our Senator finished his NCAA bracket.
Sorry Senator but Duke will Win it all!#BleedBlue!
sorry senator it is the zags year
Cats all the way!
I approve, Senator.
MI will beat Louisville
. Taxpayers dollars being used well & effectively, now your going bad mouth POTUS. Right?
I will...trump sux...his cabinet sux...what little policy they have is awful. Better?
You have much better things you could be doing.
You missed an entry for the Miami (Florida) vs. Michigan State game (top right)
Why don't you just do your job rather than a basketball bracket?
C'mon. I know you represent AZ, but c'mon 
how?  Play ins haven't played!  Congrats @UofA
Thanks for picking @XavierMBB Senator! I want Sean Miller to have to play his former team
No love for your neighbors to the north? Nevada will play you in the championship game......
Glad u took time in between Bashing Trump to do this. As an AZ resident I am disgusted with u
Read 8/16/16 Moscow Times article on Trump's ties to Sechin, Bout (Bharara conviction), Sater, Klotsman. Guns & jewel heist.
...I picked Arizona as well. May we both be winners. And thanks for your courage Btw
let's talk @UofA basketball dominance  tmrw after we talk about women's health coverage in the #AHCA #CLC2017 @ACOGAction
really, for real........smh, it's no wonder this country is divided
Go U of A !
Tucson, AZ
Remember when Obama filled out a bracket and was criticized for wasting his time on stuff like that? Good times.
- Obama had foreign country to spy on Trump & Campaign going around to cover trail - You must know that ask England ?
yeah ? Why don't you stop #wasting time #playing #games and #impeachtrump
March Madness? With all the shit coming out of Wash, this is what you're interested in? Please, keep your eye on the 'ball'
can you be TBD?
Peoples' business, must B first and only concern of senators! Screw this effing crap.
WTF you are such a loser
You missed the Michigan/Miami game, Senator. You don't want to start short.
THANK YOU FOR BEING AN OUTSTANDING AMERICAN POLITICIAN NOT AFRAID TO STAND UP TO TRUMP
You left MSU v Miami blank!
How about @MSU_Basketball vs. @MiamiHurricanes ?
too close to call
Bear Down!
When are you going to demand the independent investigation into Russian influence of our elections and have Trump's taxes disclosed?
- reintroduce House Bill of Dec 2016 that Obama vetoed cuts waste . HR 1777 !
where's your 2017 us NATO invasion chart?
who really cares about your picks !   You are a looser!!!!!
Wow! Nice to see you're focused on the important things. God help this county.
songbird traitor
Love it. Glad u r participating
rather he participate in voting on the repeal of ACA and shutting his suck
hahahaha hahahaha good luck with that.
you forgot to call the MSU/Miami (Fla) game!   Go Green!
 all this trouble to get AZ as a winner
loosers pick loosers
go away cryptkeeper
Except for the last game result, you are remarkably prescient, Senator! Go Bruins! Go PAC-12!
Homer! Lol
