You messed it up.
For years @HillaryClinton has literally...
Trade the Saudi Arabian goatfucking headchopping wife beaters in for the Persians....they wear suits and can do math
I disagree. Israel's agenda is not ours, not as long as they kill women and children and call innocents terrorists
The rest of the world will move on without us. Our word has no meaning.  Say goodbye to US as a global power.
Obama lost you that position
For years other nations could trust US to abide by treaties/agreements. Why would NK agree to anything knowing we could renege @ any time?
This has never passed in the House and Senate. It was a stupid deal. It relies mostly on us trusting the Iranians to tell us what's up.
Going to disagree. Any change should come with coalition building with allies. This isolates us. UN should censure US.
You want a foreign body to censure your own country? What kind of a traitor are you?
That's not what treason is. If your country is doing stuff wrong, your goal should be to do what it takes to fix it.
Which is exactly what POTUS has been tirelessly trying to correct over the last 10 months.
Trump is doing everything in his power to sabotage America. He supports health care that would kill Americans and hurting our world position
He has strengthened our world position from the pitiful stance Obama put it in. He's doing everything to reverse the sabotage Obama did
Yeah, which is why our allies mock us and go against us, while Trump moves us closer to dictators like Putin.
Funny I don't see our allies mocking us. But rather jockeying for position with huge smiles to get next to him.
Wow totally disappointed in you now.
How about dealing with the mad man in the White House first k?
I really NEED @BarackObama to step up and be a voice for ALL of us, and call out Trumps lies...or @Eminem - but @BarackObama would be nice!
Welp he wouldn’t be the voice for all. Apparently the ALL for America voted for trump to be the voice at least for the next four years.
Until the next election where trump will be the voice for all again because he was re-elected.. #quitcrying #urpresident #maga
Cool! I appreciate your opinion.
COR. DE CHUN QIN CHI. U GIVE THEM AN INCH THEY WILL TAKE MILE. BITING THE HAND THAT FEEDS THEM. BUNCH OF INGRADES.
I respectfully disagree. Now what’s to stop them from building a bomb?
Nothing. Neither did agreement they failed to allow us to monitor for.
Except for limiting their centrifuges, limiting their enriched uranium, closing a reactor, and snapback sanctions if they violated anything.
Face it this President is not normal & has nuclear codes. Lets understand that POTUS is the biggest problem we have & take care of that 1st
We dont care for your opinion any longer thank you. Good or bad, its worthless
well it's about time you finally back the POTUS!  Getting too close to you're election???

Sorry John his actions just gave Iran a green light to build a nuclear bomb. Trumpie screws the pooch again.
You're smarter than this. Iran is complying with the nuclear deal. All decertifying does is isolate the US and give Iran an excuse for bomb.
You need to study history or lived it to understand.
No, you need to understand what the deal does and what the alternatives are. Being old doesn't mean you're right. That's just a bad excuse.
You remember saying this. With all due respect McCain you need just to get out
One of the few things this despicable pres has done right.
Thank you for supporting @POTUS
One last thing Senator when will the Russian sanctions passed by 
Congress & signed by Trump goin 2 b imposed. I believe they r quite late
Shouldn’t someone be implementing Russian sanctions? Distracted populace easier to screw?
So respectfully Senator then why isn't the State Department behind this decision?
Or the Department of Defense.
Best chain of questions ever.
Because they are riddled with “do nothing” Leftists who never met a fascist, murderous, homophobic regime they didnt like.
Trump is the one who is good friends with Putin, Duterte, Erdogan, and Saudi Arabia.
No, you just lost the argument and are running away after an insult.
for decades US (and you) has been getting away with millions of murders... #hypocrite
Thanks John for your support. #SupportKurdistan
You are SO all over the place.  How do we deal with North Korea of we prove with this Iran Deal that we cannot be trusted? Keep it together.
Traitor McCain.
You're into murder aren't you john...satan is bringing you home soon...you've done enough for him.
Ah the traitor from supposedly Idaho comments again. Satan will be bringing you home soon for betraying your nation in favor of the Kremlin!
No, it's a risk, contra productive. It isolates America (...once more).
Ok uh huh Hans
Where do we go from here?  Do we stand by our word? Are we to be respected around the world?
Goat fucking wifebeater....John McCain's ally
To all the weak liberals responding-what should we do?PAY THEM,IGNORE THEM,GIVE THEM FREE THINGS,WHAT WOULD B UR POLICY TOWARD THEM?Bet WEAK
And today more murder in Kirkuk. But nobody actually does a thing to stop them.
Disagree w you on that. With crazy in WH we dont want war w Iran or North Korea I  dont want troops to die needlessly & neither do
All you people who think the Iran agreement helped ( just made you FEEL better) when they wouldn’t allow decent inspections are insane.
So all other countries involved are liars?
No they have no fucking balls
For years the United States has been getting away with murder. What's the diff?
Sadly I disagree with you, sir. This was a horrible decision like the rest he has made.
But John, They were COMPLYING.
We have to keep our word, John. Any ideas?
PLEASE GO AWAY 7 YEARS NO OVER HAUL ON OBAMA CARE
Retire now, whith what dignity you have left , fm one 28 yr Navy Vet to an abomination of a Vet
You're a fool McCain! You will have nuclear war in weeks if you don't get rid of Trump!
So u will commit my child to war for another 17 years?Do u really think r country can survive war with Iran,Saudi Arabia,Yemen,Syria,Turkey& Ven alone?And we r isolating ourselves from r allies?All the while ur sabotaging r ability to provide healthcare 4 the inevitable injuries?
All b/c war is profitable for u and ur peers. Noble?Maverick?Think again,as ur none of those things.
Your retirement is long overdue!
It's also long overdue that your Moron President enforce the newly impssed sanctions on Russia #whynooutrage
Told you @sumiandnoir
John couldn’t agree more
Why use the word literally?  If you said #iran has  been getting away with murder, would we think you meant figlateve. PS vote Republican
Wow John another pat on the back for your President. Good keep it up and turn your anger to those leftie Dems
So shut up and start supporting our @POTUS !
You are exactly right and working hard to show the others the right policy. We appreciate your hard work .
I respectfully disagree. Trump's doing this is purely to cause chaos, just as with all of his executive orders
You are fake news,  pakistan(binladens former residence) is way more nuclear and unstable. But tell us of this misdirected propaganda
Respectfully disagree.

Pls compare who was murdered by Iran vs US. John, pls do your maths

You should’ve got healthcare done. You got to get the tax plan done or we will vote you out
Just curious, has the United States been getting away with murder? I really want to trust you but after your recent votes after your adds
How does backing out of a deal without cause help our global standing, or encourage NK to deal with us?
if McCain's for it I oppose it. After HC I appose all he supports period.
John!!!  I'm so disappointed in you!

This is from a former acting CIA director under GW Bush. https://twitter.com/jmclaughlinSAIS/status/918892003458461698 …
Geez can't you support him with everything?
Good to know your war boner is still working.
Yeah let's bomb some innocent civilians so you guys can make more money.

John, don't leave your legacy as nothing but a republican stooge.... You should be ashamed. I am ashamed of you
Do you really want to go to war with Trump at the helm?
Love you, @SenJohnMcCain, but the Mango Megalomaniac's words on #IranDeal are cray. Independent investigation reveals they are complying
You're confusing nukes with other weapons . You know better. This was a deal to stop nukes. Nothing more. I would take it with NK too
Why would you support @POTUS on pulling out of #IranDeal  ? ..Even Trumps SS and Mattis advised not to withdraw.
No...You are wrong on this...
Says the man who made Sarah Palin his VP choice, which would have put her a heartbeat away from being POTUS. Proving your judgment is extremely questionable.
They never violated the agreement. Our allies totally disagree. Now they get 2 build nukes. Makes America Credibly means nothing.
How about starting by getting potus to enact the sanction pkg that you pressed for. Seems like a good start? DUH!
Every single time,I make the mistake of believing ur a hero,with diff.views.I finally learn a hard lesson.Being a hero doesn’t mean u stay a hero.Even hero’s can be brought down by greed and/or power.U know what he did ruined r credibility.What a #Tragedy John.
You betrayed us by being complicit.We will not listen when u speak,we won’t read what they write & I have no prayers left to give.I love my country,ur endorsement of what he did is wrong.Goodbye John
Not so sure John boy, the BBC are 'our only' source of info. What's your thoughts on Israel & murder?
Gross
Why have you waited so long to call this out then?
Why are you trying to change now you snake with two heads you been office for a long time it took a real man to say something #resignMcCain
It's not a "strategy" - it's just yet another anti-Obama rant he can fulfill. Ask UK/France/Germany, DoD & State Dept what's the right move.
State dept and DOD recommend staying in Iran deal. Suspect, why is Trump choosing this path? Who benefits?  Can't be sure of his motivation!
Sir, even though I disagree, You have my respect to hear you out.  I will be listening and watching!
Senile revengeful RINO showing some signs of mental clarity, when r u going to respect the ppls’ will?
This is good John McCain. Some days are good...
We made a deal and so did others. Credible sources say Iran is in compliance. Who will trust us if we cut and run?
Okay, but will you now tell us the negative outcome possibilities?
Are you talking about this strategy?
The president was asked a detailed question about the Iran deal. 
Well now.....Thank You for your support. Please don't fight POTUS. That would be a horrible Legacy. Be Kind & Take the High Road. PLEASE.
Can't believe you said such a thing. It makes many very sad.
Just when I thought you had stopped sucking up....
Nonsense. This opens the door to a nuclear armed Iran and a weakened U.S.  Nothing good about it.
I now realize that when chimps at the zoo hurl their feces at passing tourists it's a "strategy."
Now that's the real McCain. A party first politician true and true.
Wow!! Did I read that right?? Is McCAin actually agreeing with @realDonaldTrump on an important issue??  Never thought this day would come.
John..I love u..but ur view on #Iran is hopeless. We both know they’re just a Russia/China proxy-state like #NKorea. WWIII’s not the answer.
It's not a bilateral deal. The EU is a bigger economy than the US and china and Russia both support it. All you will do is isolate US
Flip flopping won’t win Senator.  Thus country needs help from a very dangerous pres and you all know it.
Good to know you support our president on this important issue!
Know you are trying to be logical sir,    but this POTUS any decision he promotes, is dangerous to our nation and the world.
Any intention of addressing SA's dabbling in intl terrorism?
Okay now you blew it! Go rub elbows with the other Trump supporters, just when you try to give a person a chance!
Arbitrary accusations can't cover Saudi regime's crimes in Yemen & Syria under US patronage. Y did Saudis declare Yemen war from Washington?
This was a Obama Deal not an Iran Deal. Obama signed it & assumed Iran will follow. Iran kept on enriching & upgrading missiles
Sir thanks for your statement the only solution 4 my country is #RegimeChange I support HIH #RezaPahlavi 2 putting #IranFirst and #Peace
I trust John McCain
It scares me that a Rino like you support this.
While you are at it, find out why Mr Trump has not implemented the sanctions he signed into law on Iran if he has issue about their behav..
He is a democrat he must go
You're wrong John, diplomacy was how we kept them in check. How much blood is on our hands w/ the invasion of Afghanistan & Iraq? #Iran
Why when state dept and DoD disagree do you think this? Who in the world will want to negotiate with us anymore all we do is back out later
By backing out of deal u r encouraging them to start seeking nukes again, a nuclear Iran is more dangerous than current one!!
I Always Respected U But u Must Vote For Repealing OBAMACARE & Tax Reform Package Pres. Trump Proposed! Stop Obstructing!!
How does this decertifying make us and the world more safe? Mr. Senator, your hawk is showing again.
Now NK knows we can’t be trusted with treaties.
Republicans are a spineless bunch
John,No come back to the light,please don’t get lost in POTUS darkness.
I love McCain. But your wrong my friend. They're in compliance.this has Netanyahu written all over it.he thinks our military is his
He CANNOT unilaterally pull out of a UN agreement. #moron-in-chief
Well, a US goverment official would know about getting away with murder.
No ..its a plan to start a ground war w Iran..because thats wat this run a way train of a goverment does..tragic
Thank you Senator McCain.
Really?  So this is Trump’s strategy.  Respectfully speaking sir, this is Republican propaganda.
McCain, glad to see u can unite behind potus on this issue, now for us, please get behind him on tax cuts & healthcare. Stop betraying us!
What exactly is the strategy?
So what we need is a draft and go to war! Viet Nam again?
McCain got away with murder killing 133 sailors on the Forrestal ship.  Look it up.  McCain a traitor. He threw a temper tantrum.........
The McCain Foundation needs to be investigated #clintonfoundation #clintoncash #mccaincash
You Hawks are all the same. You want more war in the Middle East. We've already totally ruined the region with war on false pretenses.
Where is the real John McCain?
Rubbish. Look at your so called friends behaviour.
For years #Usa has literally been getting away with murder. The strategy @World presented is a long overdue change. http://mccain.senate.gov/public/index.c …
Fact check, fact check.  Trump claims full of half truths, shaded truths and fear-mongering.  Trump has got it right?  I think not.
Oooph, just when we were starting to trust you, to count on you, to forgive you for Sarah Palin.
So Iran abides by the deal that stops them from developing nukes and the US breaks their agreement. This was a dumb decision.
Why would N.Korea agree to a deal with the US on nukes when the US now has history with breaking their own agreements with Iran?
Why would anyone make a deal with the US when you bare the risk of a Republican President coming in and ripping it up?
What strategy?  Or do you still just want to bomb Iran?  Same old warmonger?
Russia has had nukes for years and years and they have a madman at the helm. We don’t go to war with them.
One nation can't stop a unilateral agreement. The only thing accomplished by this is our allies no longer trusting us.
Unless you are interested in term limits this will never be fixed
wont work unless all the other countries agree which isnt likely  this again will put us on the outside looking in with no power to change
This reckless action has zero effect on the Iranian regime. It just makes the world less safe. You are, as always, a warmongering fool.
You Agree on IRAN thing.. But healthcare you couldn't even back the President up ....
It's time for term limits

This treaty was working. All the observers say so but why do you want to kick them? It is not about safety for world peace. Money must be it
Truth is Iran has been in compliance, compared to Russia. He remembers about the recertification but not the sanctions? Come on man!
Are U sure u can’t find a way to disagree with Trump.  That’s ur usual MO. Trump will save America! #MAGA
I can’t believe u finally said something intelligent.
Seems like every time you lift me up, only to smack me down again. Sigh! 
The time for appeasing a terrorist state is up. Iran's regime change is the most fundamental policy toward a global peace.
The only solution to save the region and the world from the #nuclear and #terrorist threat of the Iranian regime is #regimechange in #Iran
Gom sho baba
take the lead
You are putting other people's bare asses into a hornets nest you mindless drone war-mongers!
#Iran #MaryamRajavi #Syria #IRGC #FreeIran  #BlackListIRGC #MEK #PMOI #Trump
I wonder if you'll be voting AGAINST that too. 
Iran never was going to abide by the agreement to begin with. If people think Iran can be trusted their crazy.
It’s about time John McCain stood behind the president
Oh, and did you know that 45 thinks our missile defense systems work 97% of the time? That's crap! Only 1/3 work! Oh hell u know. Tell him!
Can't even dare to think why in the sam hell you agree to destabilize the US & what little standing we have  left in the world!
He is doing it for his buddy’s in the Middle East not for our interest what happened to #Americafirst
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan concerned Pres Trump's decision,make mistake,undermine deal,could create another threat as N>K...
And now, let's look at tax reform and vote to pass the bill. Yes? 
You just lost my support.
I'm glad that you agree Sen McCain. Do you think get taxes across the finish line. Get that $ back from overseas and give businesses boost
About time you recognized the good in his efforts
You are so useless mccain
Wow! Now this is the John McCain that I knew many years ago. Glad to have you back sir. Decertifying Iran is very smart and more sanctions.
Sadden to hear this pov Sen McCain. Wars and expanded military will weaken us. We,like the Romans, will collapse internally
