Now gratify Americans stop bashing @POTUS help solve healthcare and get it passed the right way. Stop being an obstructionist RINO! #TRUMP
What about my health coverage????
Are you "blessed" too? Blessed & gratified to be loving @POTUS agenda of screwing the poor & pocket more Russian $ for you & your oligarchy?
McCain needs to go! No more Professional Politicians!
Under #Senate #AHCA "half of Americans live in areas where insurance wld become extremely expensive” CBO finds.
http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/339534-cbo-22m-more-uninsured-with-senate-obamacare-bill … …
Me too but who is protecting the rest of us from disaster?  #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid #NoTrumpcare
That's great, particularly for our older generations. Not sure why you would then cut Medicaid for everyone else.
I agree with this. Just Please don't support health care bill. I'm a a democrat, but I respect you and your integrity.
I'll be MORE gratified if you vote NO on the senate deathcare bill.
I think they prefer wealthcare. Deathcare is so negative.
Their entire bill is negative unless you're rich anyway,you're an insurance/pharmaceuticals company or you're in congress getting campaign$$
Am I cynical about the current state of the republican party ABSOLUTELY! Its like they're putting party &power over country. Its disgraceful
We absolutely need a party that challenges the opposition democrats; today's GOP has no moral compass or loyalty to the citizens of the us.
It seems,though,that the Dems at this point are the ONLY 1's with a soul & conscience. Full discloser...im liberal & a reg independent.
Glad you agree with a real leader
..president Trump
I hope that he feels the same way about whistleblowers who are trying to save america and our democracy.
Mitch McConnells HC efforts are FAR worse than D's. D's held hearings, debate and included R debate AND amendments. Rs WORKING IN SECRET!
How about u hold POTUS ACCOUNTABLE? RUSSIANS? MIKE PENCE? Practice what you preach, John, or just go home!
How about you vote NO on that AWFUL healthcare bill that will ultimately kill millions of Americans...poor kids without food and insurance.
Please vote No on AHCA
Like Comey releasing memos that didn't have classified info in them that T -Rump calls leaking. The mans insane. Coneys a hero.
Sen. McCain, if you vote to cut $880 billion from Medicare people will die and you will be responsible. Vote NO!
Trump is the absolute worst.  He's a fraud, con man, sexual predator.  Why is Trump so chummy with the Russians.  We must investigate.
Unless they blow the whistle onnhim
Not to mention the rest of us middle class Americans eho.go bankrupt because of healthcare costs. Good job America.
Take a solid stance already
Was the trade off protecting the VA bureaucracy and Sharon Helman, too?
I've called and emailed you.Oppose this health care bill. Stand up for your constituents. Ammend what's broken in the old bill.
I'd be gratified if you'd stand up for your constituents. Vote NO on the awful tax cut bill that some are calling a health care bill. Shame!
So sad to see you pandering to @realDonaldTrump. Why don't you have the courage to stand up to him and vote no on Trumpcare???
This AHCA is #RICHCAREACT, NOT HEALTHCARE, shame on ALL who vote POLITICS OVER PEOPLE
THE WAY GOD BLESSES FOR GOOD ACTS  !SHOULD WE DO ANY DIFFERENT,?
IF PEOPLE HAVE THE COURAGE TO SPEAK OUT !IF THEIR WAS A DANGER AND YOU WERE WARNED! IS THAT NOT A GOOD THING ?SHOULD THEIR BE PUNISHMENT?
Please vote no on their deathcare bill, and either fix Obamacare or work w Dems to draft a better one!
However, it appears that no one, including you, McCain and dRumpf have ZERO interest in addressing problems at PHX VAMC. It's the WORST.
Does he know that he did? 
So what about those whistleblowers on Trump or wait you call them leakers man how low have you gone
Please Senator McCain please vote no on the healthcare bill
Gratified?  Our Vets are dying NOW and need CARE NOW, not GOP rhetoric & photo ops...stop treating Vets as disposable with lip service
Mostly out of irony.
Trump Ioves to hear when he has given people great pleasure.
Without medicaid coverage they'll die
John go fight their stinking lack of healthcare bill
VOTE NO on #AHCA #AHCAKills
What about health care? Are you going to vote in favor. If so, you should be ashamed.
Please open up a calm forum on ACA. #calmhealthcareforum So that people can share their ACA or healthcare experiences-Pos or Neg but no hate
Vote no, please
You're Welcome John?
McCain, where is your statement about the 450,000 Vets who will lose Medicaid under your atrocious DEATHcare bill?
Glad #VAAccountability signed. Hope it also makes it easier to hire VA admin positions from general public, not just internal shuffle.
Trump Russia we won't be distracted regardless of how much cover you provide to POTUS. do your job
Glad to hear that you are finally satisfied.
I'm sure you'll be gratified when millions lose health care?
retroactive to comey?
Senators that profit from passage of GOP healthcare bill should be prosecuted under RICO. GOP=CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION
But what if the whistleblower has cancer and has used up their lifetime insurance cap? Is there a bill to protect him then?
Protect whistleblowers?! Trump spits diet coke from his orange mouth. Good thing the president doesn't read so well.
Bullcrap!  Donnie Tiny Hands hates whistleblowers -  everyone knows that!  Apparently he also hates sick and poor folk.  How about YOU?
Seriously ? Bet u he didn't know the details .
I wonder what "protect" actually means in this context.
So am I. Need you to vote NO on deadly healthcare bill.
Cool, cool. Can you please protect children and the elderly and vote no in the AHCA? Thx.
