so concerned you are taking bribes yourself!!?! DeVos gave you money, you give her a vote. Hypocrite!!!!
I hope you're just as worried about US companies now being able to bribe foreign governments without reporting it.
Just seen where you are on George Sorros payroll. Wow, why are trying to sell us out while u get rich, God is watching you
graft is alive and well in the nomination of Betsy devos. We are hopeful that you will watch her hearings n decide 2 vote no
Deeply concerned by GOP leaning on Office of Government Ethics. Elections coming. GOP needs to distance frm WH.
People showed up and made a difference. The year of the protest.
DeVos does not need ed job.no knowledge or scope. Please help us
Trump hates people who r captured.i hate people who R "bought off'. Wimp: u owed DeVos :(
Are you similarly concerned about attempts to roll back Dodd-Frank? Did we learn nothing from 2008?
vote for the right thing not the right wing.
why are you supporting Betsy DeVos?
$60,000 in campaign donations.....
#NoOnDeVos
How about violating the Emoluments Clause of COTUS. Does that concern you at all???
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-donald-trump-trust-20170204-story.html&ved=0ahUKEwjF0YT3gv7RAhWMx4MKHSHfD_0QqOcBCEYwBQ&usg=AFQjCNG-hs0m_gpHqR06vuv5M1VvLv52Jw&sig2=khUmpoDqg-nt261AJcM8XA …
So how much did George Soros Foundation pay you, Songbird? We know he gave $$ to you, Graham, Ryan, and little Marco.
, please show everyone how #MAVERICKy  you are one more time. 

Vote NO for #BetsyDeVos!  Do the right thing.   Show 'em! 
Please don't let country backslide- vote NO on DeVos and Sessions! She said she expected favors for $. Show u r not corrupt!
deeply concerned? Action is needed. Vote against Sessions, denounce Bannon. Get flack either way, so do the right thing.
deeply concerned that you are ignoring AZ voters re: your unwavering support for Mrs. Devos. Are kids deserve better.
vote against DeVos
@ms_mims more worried about it here
Agree but it also doesn't help if democracy is in trouble around the world ...
Shame you don't care about the quality of education in the US.
vote against DeVos
thank you for that concern and pushback. We are all deeply concerned that Devos will ruin our children's education #noDevos
They are taking their cue from us. DV donated and bragged about owed ROI. USA setting example.
don't have enough to pay you for a healthy environment or proper health care for our country
be concerned 4 us too senator.we live under siege by trump
You don't work for Romania. If you want to do foreign affairs why don't you join the State Dept.
This will be America if Trump regime is not stopped.
Look at the White House. Trust is broken. Which interests are represented? look at DeVos votes vs GOP Funds- mirror?
Worry about the USA. YOU have the power to stop the coup on our Democracy and yet you don't! We want action, not words!
hey, isn't that how Betsy got a secretary position?! You're all for sale.
maybe the American people can do a go-fund me to pay you off
wish I had enough money to pay you for proper education for our children
you mean like what we are doing?
Please vote NO on DeVos.  Arizona needs you to fight for us, our kids need you to do the right thing!
based on what I'm hearing about Price - what's the difference?
This was tonight in Bucharest, at the anticorruption protest, the largest since the fall of the communist regime in Romania.
you should be more concerned about us finding ONE arrow head on your property,we will bulldoze it to the bed rock you thief
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/826969027381596161 …
you are a traitor
you should mind your own business.
While empty Drumpf doesn't understand irony, you do. As you ALT_FACTS rape Dodd-Frank? Concern for sub-prime Madoff Munchkin?
Graft offenses? Sly references to GOP changing rules like this?
But you're not worried about POTUS repealing Dodd-Frank?! Priorities!
Senator, thank you for keeping your values, being a good man first; your senatorial success come from that! #KeepAmericaGood
Where'll Trump settle on this issue?As always will defend Putin while alienating allies. Pls investigate T's rel w Putin.
Deeply concerned that you're not concerned about fact that Nazi alcoholic Bannon is really the President thx to Russia
Push for an independent commission to investigate Trump's ties to Russia and the interference in our election.  Thank you!
the people of Romania won round one, we will continue to fight. I believe we broke some records today. Thank you.
We're deeply concerned by OUR gov't. Education/Coal Slags/Religious Bans/Stupid Executive Orders etc. Listen to us!
deeply concerned about you voting for Betsy Devos.  You are clearly placing politics over interests of kids.  Explain why!
thanks for your right concerning regarding the actual situation in Romania!
More concern with Hungary, where Pootie just traveled...already a Fascist dictatorship.
I'm deeply concerned about clear signs of Russian interference with this presidency. Also NO on DeVos.
Dangerous Rhino
Great sentiment, but keep consistent here. Oppose weakening of regs on financial markets & transparency in govt in USA
I'm deeply concerned about the @POTUS circumventing the laws and constitution. Not that you noticed. #traitor #outofcontrol
McCain are you involved in #pizzagate?
you need to focus on US government. Do u think these tweets are helping your cause. They aren't. @LouiseMensch
better take a closer look at home then.
What about you folks in Congress, doing very much the same thing???
Hey Mr. Rhino Globalist. Quit trying to start a global war. We wise ones know which team u play 4. Try Team America Jackass
Speaking of graft, congratulations on your George Soros employee of the week award. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsZg_maF0ow …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8JppJyVxYU …
You are not the @POTUS stop interfering with "President" Trump's foreign policy! You had your chance and lost! Please Resign
you should be the real John McCain and be concerned with what Donald Assbag is doing.  @realDonaldTrump
are you deeply concerned by the president insulting a federal judge?
https://twitter.com/jmsexton_/status/827325393929719808 … Romanian gov't!! Worry about grifter who scammed America b4 fixing ROMANIA!!
Remember that Senate Russia hacking investigation? Republicans are hoping you don't http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/02/02/1629154/-Remember-that-Senate-Russia-hacking-investigation-Republicans-are-hoping-you-don-t …
That's all you got to say McCain! You are following a madman! What happened to you???
Thank you for moving towards reverting back to your previous, honorable self.
HOW MANY HOUSES YOU OWN NOW JOHN ? 8 if you lost count
For the time being you should first of all be concerned about @POTUS and his WH staff.
yeah dude is this what you do for the ppl of AZ?
John, I need help on twitter-secure my account for evidence
Agreed! There are also attacks on ethics throughout the United States. Please help lead this fight!
I have lost hope in my @SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue but your courage is real when we need it most. Plz 1 more #noDevos
Thank you for your support!
You should worry about that in our country. The Cabinet you are pushing forgot to share their business dealings too
this is what you're worried about??? Come on, senator McCain. What about the Muslim ban of our allies in Iraq that risked all
. Let's hope US doesn't backslide inthe reform of banking .
IMPEACH
You are a senator for Az not president stop obstructing and meddling!
Thank you, Senator! #romania
Well Arizona, this is your Senator and he just said "No Wall"! How do you feel now if you voted for this guy? U own it!
Term limits needed. Part of the establishment. Needs to retire. 80 years old.
hi me again sorry 4 trolling u, but u seem 2 b a decent guy r u going 2 pass it?don't http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/house-republicans-vote-expand-gun-access-mentally-impaired …
Term limits time to retire
you're still made about losing to Obama. bush and obama failed as @potus, give Trump a chance. GOP has done nothing in 30 yrs
once again you are in eastern Europe, not the Mexican border problem, you need to support the wall
of course they will with Dictator Orange in office and the Rep. party in chaos. You wanted to lead and this is what we get!
Right on Russia and Iran but so wrong on most. Pure establishment. Poster child for term limits.
Please retire and let President Trump do his job! Can you say term limits? We really need them because of people like you!!
part 2 so what's the bullshiting about us doing business with Russia
part 1 everybody in Washington knows that the heads of the muslim world donate millions to Islamic terrorist groups
John McCain is acting like a little child like the liberals! He is throwing tantrum because people like someone else better!
It would be great if our Senators cared as much for the American Citizens, I guess you have the establishment to support.
either retire or switch to the democrats, u always sell out the repubs anyway
Get used to it John, GOP & @realDonaldTrump more than backsliding so will everyone else. Proud?
Senator McCain, please consider voting NO to DeVos! The future of public education is at great risk! #dotherightthing
hi, is this getting scary enough 4 #ImpeachTrump or should we just build a bunker? #askingforafriend
Why don't you back the president and stop acting like a baby democrat! Stop sulking about what the pres has said about u!
How about you folks mind your own business or at least get your facts straight on that law? Just a suggestion..
trump is signing off on the gangsterisation of your economy. put your own house in order
john you need to get behind Trump on Mexico, you are being a complete A Hole
Hey Rino. Get the hell out of the way or just join the Democratic Party. You're such a looser.
why don't you vote no on devos confirmation on 2/6.   This is what our Senators should be concerned about!
Thank you, Senator! Finally someone is listening! #romanianprotests
So you are on George Soros payroll the nazi sympathizer who confiscated Jewish goods in WWII and pays the violent protestors?
wndrg if using Cartel $ from drug busts raids to fund the wall? Or bad idea as crooked politicians need 2 keep pckts full?
: We need US help. It is clear that the corrupt Romanian politicians won't give in and are on a blitzkrieg!
concern about Romania is appreciated. Now focus on the real issue. The new US gov'ts horrible example
best republican alive
not a Republican, not in your State, however Husband  (German citizen) & I (Democrat) (Military Veteran) have respect for you
John you campaigned and did propaganda to send a heap of soldiers to war in Kuwait,Iraq and Afghanistan and now want to send
more to the deaths against Russia
how much money have you made off American soldiers dying in wars? Donate that to lucky ones that came back with missing
limbs,PTSD or the many veterans that are now homeless
Thank you for doing what is right!
oh if you would just pay much attention to the plight of the American whom you RINOs have left in ruin. I'm you got rich
Romania could be a glimpse into our own future if Trump and his corrupt cabinet and advisors aren't stopped. Plz help!
worry about America first. America first
joining the thousands of tweets here to appeal to your voice of reason re: #devos. Only a principled R can stop her. Please!
YES, YES, YES!  Counting on you senator McCain
I am sadden to live in Az with you not supporting our president
Bring charges to trump his unfit and a criminal for us presidentcy and unamerican he obly loves white people
why so silent re: botched Yemen op?  #Trump is #Palin on steroids #sad to see you going along (again). Go out on a high note
As a Vietnam Vet & sorry I voted for U in 08; I can say U are a traitor, bought & paid for AINO, that's American In Name Only
Please don't turn into a liberal John.
that's the US next if the GOP doesn't step up to the plate and reign Trump/Bannon in!
I am deeply concerned about your Soros connection.
I appreciate the sentiment. I think we need to look at graft in our backyard. Can we do anything about that?
why dont you come out as the democrat you are.
He is such a rino . He thinks he speaks for America. He forgot he lost and was rejected by America
@demsrdopes No worse than DeBlasio decriminalizing drunk driving, grand larceny & host of other serious crimes.
Worry about US at all?
Deeply concerned about you and Graham trying to undermine Trump. We the people wanted him not any of you,help us or leave.
Traitor McCain! Funded by the same globalist as HRC. Done any undermining today John? POS.
you and your swamp party are doing exactly the same thing! #GOPHypocrisy
We are all concerned about A LOT of things! Stop the fascist coup of Trump/Bannon b4 it's too late!
I have kids.Don't let DeVos be Education Secretary She doesn't believe in public schools. My kids love their school. #NoDeVos
You are NOT world emperor. Are you taking your meds?
Why is an Arizona Senator worrying about this instead of worrying about his own country? #AmericaFirst @realDonaldTrump
release remaining dossier on @realDonaldTrump and his cronies #TREASON
I'm deeply concerned about our nation's children.  Vote no on Betsy DeVos.
you are a phony always have been. You are the swamp and he @potus shall drain you. #draintheswamp
@biffy52 always admired u not now $from Devos for a yes vote at least I worry about kids #no hero to me
HOW ABOUT YOU WORRY ABOUT OUR OWN BACKYARD B4 YOU GO WORRYING ABOUT THE NEIGHBORS JOHN!!!!
you should worry more on where we going with ur president before he destroys this contry.. He is not Normal.
why are you standing by and voting all of trumps nominations in. Vote no on session devos etc. man up
Thank Senator for your support, as a dual citizen I am watching with great concern the situation on the ground in Bucharest!
How's that different than Trump walking-back Dodd-Frank?
I am also deeply concerned about Pres. Trumps Devos' nomination.  Her answers - not convincing.  Please do not vote for her.
me, too.  The EO today on pulling back regs for Wall St makes a matching bookend.
Deeply concerned about you the Democrat !!!!
@JeffFlake vote no on DeVos
People of Arizona should be deeply concerned you got $50,000 from DeVos. What's the ransom amount for them to buy a NO vote?
deeply concerned by Trump's corrupt actions and GOP blanket approval. Please fight for the good of USA, too!
Looks like we're headed in the same direction, business conflicts - no problem; independent ethics oversight - not needed!
