What was Vladimirs  suggestion, how would he have handled it, I want to know, maybe he would like to take the lead and use his money to fix
great2 rino lib-tards/losers. Pres/governor
Holy fvck ... she got all old and stuff....
Vote no on any SCOTUS until Russia is investigated.
BS. DONALD J TRUMP IS THE PRESIDENT-WE DON'T WANNA HEAR THIS COCKAMAMIE BULLSHIT#WE THE PPL HAVE SPOKEN#WE THE PPL ARE TAKING OUR COUNTRY BK
And if you happen to be wrong in your assumption?
You made me very sad today when you put party ahead of country!  We have lost democracy the republicans are wanting to rule everything
Who me? Can u see me? Just kidding, stand tall my hero, millions and millions have your back until we die, know that. Now calm them down ok
. I am one Arizonan who is deeply disappointed in you.
Illinois loves him
Why, is she a cowardly piece of shit too?
@GorsuchFacts #complicit
GOP is a corrupt party all of you need to be investigated they need to disband this bunch of treasonous thugs jailed for the good of USA
Once again, we call upon the greatest generation to steer us clear of harms way,   Let those who have the wisdom and our faith move forwards
Do not get McCain angry, im telling you right now that bull has horns twenty feet long, u won't like him when he is angry!!! To the world!!!
McCain you're standing with one to the biggest outsources in the Fortune 500.  She misuses the H1 Visa programs to bring in cheap labor.
Who gives a shit about this Hillary supporter?
Shame on you. What a hypocrit you are.
I have been tweeting that U are 1 of yhe only Adults in room. Are U falling in line? U: Nuclear is a "terrible mistake" then voted in favor?
There is a reason for the balance of powers. I will now call you the Russian party 
U called GOP members who wanted to use Nuclear Option Idiots, said today is bad day 4 democracy;  then why in the he'll did you vote 4 it?
You make me sick McCain, when will you go away, stop sucking off of our great Nation. Walk away
Another rich but in reality worthless RINO. Can't be counted on for anything but criticism of conservatives
Country Over Party!
Screwed up the rules of congress, helped get us deeper into a bloody mess of a war, and I saw Meg!  (sigh) Today was a good day.  (c:
Did she help you auction off your loyalty and conscience? Because you have none left. Seriously, go away and shut up.
In front of an HP printer - nice.
I AM FROM  NJ. IT FIGURES THAT A PIECE OF RINO CRAP LIKE MEG WHITMAN WOULD BE A GOOD FRIEND OF A PIECE OF RINO CRAP LIKE YOU!
Senator McCain I'm disappointed in you. I thought for sure you would choose Country over party.
I would have hoped maybe Meg would have knocked some sense into you. Even she saw the light but no. Beyond disappointed in ur actions 2day
Hope your having fun you 2 sellouts
You're just the worst tower of Jello ever.
TRAITOR
You did the wrong thing agreeing to nuclear option. How can you look at yourself in the mirror? You are no maverick. You are no statesman.
After today 1 friend is more than you deserve! Stop posting pictures, quit speaking empty words & stop Trump & his mob!!
You're a sell out.
Retire
#Demorat
You are #complicit in break down of our Democracy, the normalization of 8 years of obstructionism, bad treatment of O & T & his oligarchy
I had believed you would do anything for the good of country. You knowingly broke it today in order to win. Shame on you.
great pic of @SenJohnMcCain and @MegWhitman
La di dah...just another normal day, allowing a potentially treasonous POTUS to appoint a Supreme Court justice FOR LIFE.
U mean the anti trump meg Whitman?
Does she KNOW you're a traitor???
Didn't know you had friends!
Twins!
Senator McCain, am a democrat, but I sure respect ur fortitude and strength. You = integrity!
Again, do nothing photo-op.. nobody cares.. #TermLimits #termtime
Well....let me guess, she is the only one that was foolish enought to pose with you in a picture. That tells me a lot about her as well.
Really got the snowflakes mad at you. Forget to tell them snow doesn't last long in Arizona?
Lost my respect for John, the things you say and do makes me believe you are part of swampcrats!!!Truth always prevails.
You act like you hate the fact that He is brining Jobs back! Are you going to loose to much money when trade deals get changed SHAME ON YOU!
is this before or after voting to destroy the senate rules?
To know your with him and not ALWAYS AGAINST HIM If your AGAINST HIM give us reason why along with FACTS You don't have them your a RINO
I always thought you were a hero until you decided party over country
Is she a globalist RINO as well?
Words come out of your mouth for "We The Peoples President" wether you like him or not, Sir, you are a servant or"THE PEOPLE" We would like
Crazy Old Man
Sad day for the United States Senate R's partisan politics and diminishing the checks balances.Thanks @SenJohnMcCain #nochoice
Senator, You are the elder statesman & can save us. Please forget politics and do right, help remove Trump, at least stand up for yourself.
So what- she funded against Trump. Only a friend because your a hypocrite. U 2 have NOTHING in common- she is actually smart unlike u.
SenJohnMcCain is a snake in the rice paddy. He and Jane Fonda are cut from the same cloth ask the Vietnamese.
Sir, it's always good to one. Thanks
Such a spectacular women; an excellent role model and exceptional leader.
Great to know you have CEO freinds. Is she one of pressure points that caused you to turn your back on the US Senate douchebag?
Yeah who endorsed #CrookedHillary You are never glad to see a Conservative nor do I hear you call them friends I have not heard one good
Perhaps she still respects you.
Many Americans, myself included (worked on your 2000 campaign) do not. Not anymore. Not after today.
I triple dare u to come to me in Palos verdes estates CA!!!!!!
You say torture is bad. If the republican party brings a bill to legalize torture, you would vote FOR it. Lost respect. Party before country
Who cares! I was actually respecting you! So done with you bc all you have is bullshit lies! You folded with the rest of the party choosers
