Yes, we need more tanks and weapons for fighting a war in 1997. Gotta keep those defense contractors happy.
False. The military is still strong. The trust in you is what is dwindling.
ELD MANDATE. Unpaid time on the clock. Stolen labor. Unsafe for drivers
Perhaps that has more to do with the commander in chiefs abilities than the military
It wouldn't be dwindling if rhinos supported the Republican people and agenda and got behind our President. Mainly, YOU.
Who are u to talk? Didn't u drop ur bombs on deck?
I won't say dwindling apparently others catching up is a better phrase

Retweet! AWAN PAKASTANI SPY RING IN CONGRESS IN COURT TOMORROW FRIDAY 10/6/17!!!
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/916080780782329858 …
You are a liar and are wrong. Just ANYTHING to passive-aggressively poke at Trump. You are a puke!
Where were you when Obama weakened and downsized the military
Putin is coming
Sad
Thanks to Donald Trump. A huge part of that power is our allies knowing they can count on and trust us......they can't anymore.
You were around when Obama  did this why are you now just realizing this has happened
I'd trust this article more if it was almost any other source.
I'd trust it more if it was from the National Enquirer or Better Homes & Gardens.
Thanks for your classified assessment our enemies needed your assessment
We don't have a Leader. We have an Agitator. And he's looking to destroy everything in his path. His emotions lash out & he has NO voundries
Should we face a military crisis with N Korea and/or Iran do our allies stand with us under this "moron" or we go it alone?
Because you and Obama's imps started to take it apart, selling our weaponry, not helping our soldiers when needed ,  backing  arming isis
How about you confirm the people To help Mattis and the military!   the vindictive behavior. Your time is over, go home.
US mil larger than next ten mils combined! No nation can afford to stay on constant war footing. We will go broke. Roman Empire?
Isis controls most of Syria’s oil fields and crude is the militant group’s biggest single source of revenue,this is the war against ISIS
Lets see antiquated equipment that keeps killing our servicemembers, longer deployments=more stress, 8 prior years of apathy. Wonder why....
Fox News has zero credibility
Ye it is no thanks to Obasturd who tried to ensure our military dwindled. Now that we have a real president our military will be stronger.
You degraded our country by conspiring to bring the fake dossier here to erode @POTUS power.
If Mccain would stop being a Democrat Lap Dog and start supporting POTUS DJT the Millitary could remain strong
Here you go again. Listen to our President JOHN McCain. Our militia now finally growing.  Trump is in Charge!  Thank you Pres Trump
Oh, come on. The military budget is astronomical. Please don’t rely on Heritage & Fox News for reliable information. Fox likes Trump.
Damn, it can’t possibly be for lack of money, the country is being sucked dry by our military expenditure. How do we fix this problem then?
Sen McCain is a voice of caution and reason in a perilous world
And so have our pitiful benefits thanks to YOU. #retiremccain

I see your point n the list for receiving NRA donations. I would donate that amount to a victims fund for Las Vegas
But the US has NEVER won a war without an ally !
We know you and every other 30yr senator have done a lot if damage to this country it's why we want you all  to retire & that's being kind
Very scary
RINO
THANK YOU FOR IT.  Your jealousy, your hate for The President of the USA make you blind to the needs of the country. TRAITOR....AGAIN
You need to see what fox viewers say about you. Those domestic crazies are dominant and the GOP can't stop them, so there's that
Not because of you!!! RINO
Military power while people at home are suffering means nothing!
Senator,  why can't we send supplies to PR in helicopters as we did in Laos? Mountains and numbers were no obstacle.  I was there.
We need tax cuts to stimulate the economy so we can afford more military spending
Thanks to the left aren't you an undercover democrat?
You need to retire
#fakenews #retire
That's good hopefully Trump doesn't cause problems for us.
No it's not. This is a lie. We spend over 600 billion a year. Way more than anyone else. If there's a problem it's spending not funding
Too bad the cancerous one is not president to prevent the dwindling of out military.
Thank the gop and the orange cheeto in the WH
The only word you know is no so shut up old man
That’s because we are heading down same road as Soviet Union! Too many international engagements, fiscally stupid and too much propaganda!
We must remain strong and dominant for are great grandchildrens America.
Happening on your watch.  Do something
Depends on how you define "power." We have lost our moral compass under @realDonaldTrump Our best weapon against enemies is solid leadership
Very bad humanity needs democracy, compassion,food love, equality no power UR a corrupt who works 4  interest of military industrial complex
Thank fuck for that
Ya thanks to you.  Retire
You really need to go away. Feel sorry for you but leave while you still have a shred of dignity left John.
Because you & others make it hard, plus Obama cut spending, things went ot the  house under his leadership
And how much did you contribute? Been there 30+ years, Trump 9 months. Still working off Obama's budget. RETIRE Brutus
First let's audit the trillion dollars military cannot account for...TRILLION!!!....They claim it is too expensive to be transparent..????
How much power is enough Senator? And at what cost. I agree soldiers need to be properly equipped; given our allies, what do we Need
Thanks to your boy Ohblahma
This is what you did to America when we needed you most.
These are the crazies I was referring to
I also don’t put my faith in governments that believe the people are the problem instead of their need for re-election. #termlimits
GOOD
Mr. McCain please don’t forget my family n friends in PR in country that I have yet heard from in 2 wks they have no electricity or water.
Sen. McCain...please...no FOX reference! They lie.
John mccain knows he wont be around in 4 years to face the voters, thats a coward...americans voted for trump and not u, how do u feel john
If you have nothing valuable to say say nothing. Looking like a fool. Step down
McCain, you're too smart to quote FoxNews as a source...
And yet you're delaying confirmation hearings. All you've done is set out to destroy Trump. Only result: hurting Americans.
Actually under the POTUS it is growing rapidly. You were trying to take credit for the strengthening of Military not long ago. What happened
Pls don't pass the Tax Plan because it would do more damage to middle & lower income families in regards to taxes, health care & SS.
Not true who are you listening to?
Thanks to Obama
It was dwindling fast when your old pals, Barrack and Hillary, were in office but climbing back up now we have an American @POTUS
It's the Russian Facebook ad's that caused this to happen 
Hey McCain; stop whinging you obstructionist. Put country ahead of your ego & 'hurt feelings.' 
http://bit.ly/2wcTNsR 
Y u called songbird?
Dear Johnny, how long have you been in office? This happened on your watch!
Sir, seems this was the goal of the last administration.
Yes Senator, rapidly dwindling our tax resources for the benefit of the weapon manufacturers shareholders.
And we need to fix that Sen McCain, much respect and people need to wake up

@MeghanMcCain @Heritage @FoxNews Not even remotely true. R $ eclipses the next top 5 combined. I respect u but this is false
USA (596/700b) china(215) Saudia(87) Russia(66) uk(55) india(51) France(51)TOP6(525BILLION)
Shame on you for using these two as a source. You’re better than that @SenJohnMcCain
Well, that's because if your lover @POTUS44 we now have Pres to make military up to date and you fight him on every front.
We pay more than the next 10 COUNTRIES PUT TOGETHER and our militay power is "dwindling"? Why are we getting such a LOUSY DEAL, Sen McCain?
I hate the word dominant it leaves a sour taste in my mouth. Plenty of weapons to defend and no one would dare attack so why be dominant?
If this is true, then why are you not working with your president to make us as strong as we need to be instead of doing nothing.
You should re enlist
Term limits
Build the @StateDept and let experienced diplomats guide the nation's efforts. Let war be final option, not the first.
Power is not only superior weaponry but influence & respect. Both have greatly diminished under this president.
I feel very confident President Trump will take care of that.
What a joke
John, please take a minute for healthcare. Help AZ
From the man who’s proudly holding up Pentagon Nominees because of questions YOU don’t feel are being answered!  Bitter party of one!
Whose fault is that. Armed services chair. Really. Swsmper rhino
It is not the weakness of our military we must be concerned about now but the weakness of our DIPLOMACY.
You were to testify how YOU SET UP the Russian dossier AGAINST TRUMP and then brain cancer now brain cancer subsided and no more testifying?
Because you sent your armies in the wrong places in Iraq & Afghanistan knowing that terrorism can not be won in the battle field alone ..
First task-to send armies to problems place, second one-make a reliable base, third one-make US  influence, next one-create ISIS...
When you mentioned fox news....you lost any/all credibility. Where are the facts? We would enjoy seeing them.
You have better military & better arsenal but have no desire to fight like Putin /Xe/Asad/Khameni /Kim who are single & supreme in command.
Thanks to the king.
Are U joking?Viewed Burns/Novick's VietNam doc&read Mattis "assures"Congress stating Trump set 2win US' LONGEST war?Here we go again.STOP!
So we'll increase the national debt to spend more on it.
All under your watch. Please resign and allow a competent person to serve.
Thanks to Obama....  thankfully we now have a Prez who believes in our military and  will help re-build our forces!! Thank you Trump! #MAGA
As long as we're larger than next eight countries combined, we're NOT depleted,  we just aren't as large. It's called sane spending.
Neither is ever a "must read."
You mean because of you John?
Even then Muslims streets are bleeding, why?
Yes US claims as super power but are there any single leader in US both houses who have courage to lead its military against NK  ROCKET man
Honestly John, you would be a better expert and writer that Fox News.  To stay dominant we need a real president.  #ImpeachTrump
Pop down to Vegas John and do some real work like your @POTUS
Senator, it certainly can’t be the funding or technology -are we understaffed?  Training?
Cant believe anything @Heritage is claiming, nor what fox news is claiming. They kept going on the biggest lie and conspiracy #Sethrich
Under Trump! What happens when a deranged man child is in office
Sen. McCain, you're at the top of this list. What do you have to say about #guncontrol?
Good. Maybe we'll hesitate to start random wars.
I would never trust anything from Heritage or Fox. Truly FAKE!
We’re also losing our soft power due to a dysfunctional #WhiteHouse and senile @POTUS
CONGRATULATIONS ; @Diamondbacks Arizona,  having WON, advanci g to the @MLB NLDS @SenJohnMcCain ,Armed Service Committee(Chair) TRUTH
2/2 cont'd Honoring and Supporting our U.S. Armed Services Members also Veterans throughout The WARS, @SenKohnMcCain,TRUTH☻
Sorry John, I do respect you but I wouldn’t read anything Fox News put out. They have proven they are destructive to USA
Wise up Stand up for our President Trump
What we have is Military MIGHT. Plenty of war machines, just NO LEADERSHIP to retain our POWER!
Thanks u jerks like u.  Go retire. Days  r numbered
Lion has become older...one-polar world is debauchering the master, John...
I'm sorry John, but Fox News I'd not a reliable source of information
John McCain, its time to RETIRE.
*because we're focused on making sure mentally disturbed people can change their sex.
Not because of $$ or tech,, possibly because we behave like money grabbing, power hungry "morons"???
Sorry Senator but I don't read anything by Fox. When they when a Peabody I'll reconsider.
Just keep trashing our country Way to go traitor
Stop reading these sites Senator. They are the actual fake news.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Fox is opinion based news.
Explain this!!
#NowIsNotTheTimeGOP to be talking about military strength & funding, not with #NKorea & the situation with ISIS... Let's not politicize it.
Especially when there are people in power giving our secrets to our enemies. Who helped Russia target groups of Americans? Was it Kellyanne?
So let's attack & invade some countries to show our might and win some wars John. To prove thay we can still do it, show our military might

good stuff JJ listening now - looking forward to your spot on @971FMTalk with @SpeakerTimJones 

also Zero Day Exploit should be a band
AAAnnnnd I just realized you're on a panel on this thing - awesome
BIG BOSS!
Then we must be really wasteful considering we spend 12x more than the next 9 military powers COMBINED.
So end the sequestration and approve a budget no more CR's. In essence DO YOUR JOB OR GET OUT
Thanks, @realDonaldTrump !
I guess spending ten times any other country spends keeps us at a disadvantage?
The US military receives more funding that anything else on earth. A little fiscal discipline is what we need, not more spending..
It has been dwindling, it did not start in January 2017.
1/2 Maybe if #congress would get off their ass and do the job they were elected to do and quit using the military as a political pawn then
2/2 we would remain at the top. Do your job, it’s that simple!
Sorry Senator. Can't disagree more strongly. Military actions gave us AQ, IS & NK. We need diplomacy, USAID, peaceful democracy so much more
Maybe if the US stopped trying to dominate the world, it would cost a lot less. #PeaceIsCheaper
Nothing on fox news is a "must read"
DUE TO WAR TRAITORS LIKE JUAN McSTAIN! & EGOMANIAC THAT KILLED 134 SAILORS ON THE USS FORRESTALL DUE TO HIS CHILDISH ACTIONS AND HIS ANGER
Don't forget Mcain had to be pardoned by Nixon for his sharing of military secrets to the Viet Cong
I wonder why?
Where is that 600 billion going? Oh, that's right. Defense contractors & kickbacks. Maybe we should focus more of that $ on soldiers & vets!
Your law makers does not understand health care in 7yrs give up defence spending ask KIM of NK to approve yours leaving in US be granted!!!
When leadership is weak, everything else falls apart.
The leader of the GOP May have had something to do with the rapid decline of our armed forces.
Terrible veteran care and perpetual war pretty much guarantees we won't be recruiting in high numbers.
Because we need a leader that leads President Trump is not a leader he is a bully and that not what a strange leader is
God knows......we spend more than all other countries combined, but.....
Gosh, we might have to stop sending our military to every corner of the earth.

That's not a bad thing, stop being such a war hawk.
We're dwindling rapidly because our election systems aren't secure, our Citizens undereducated, and we're under attack from within
Our power is being wasted in places we don't need to be. Tired of old men sending our young off to die uselessly. Let's win it and get out!
Don’t quote @FoxNews sir. You are better than that. Most with a brain won’t even read this. May be a true article but still won’t read it.
Where the hell have you been the last 8 years? YOU allowed Obama to transform r military & once great nation. YOU allowed Obamacare & cont
It's also stretching our people to thin. more frequent and longer deployments mean lower retention and more stress! need 2 build not reduce
Tri-Care never Fucking paid me back for the almost 3 years worth of medical bills I had to pay they like you don’t care But you’ve got yours
How is that possible w/ the absurd amount of money spent? We spend too much. #Unbelievable #MilitaryIndustrialComplex #welfarereform
If you can't dominate with $550 BILLION a year then you are not capable  of dominating.
Retire please. You are such a disgraceful man. Shame on you for what you have done.
I ran up $18k worth of credit card debt paying my fucking medical bills & RXs, lost business, fiancé, home, took 5 years total get VA rating
That's because of RINOs like yourself that are plotting to hurt our Country!!!!
You know it took me over 2 years, 3 congressional investigations, and the FBI to get Tri-Care to start paying my doctors. I had to use CC.
Where are the facts?
Well we might have more money for that if you’d pass healthcare reform!  . Wise up! Get to work!
