Stop undermining President Trump. Hang together or u will hang separately
no,McCain needs to save himself & us quickly from that illegitimate prez Don't go down with the sinking ship.
you can't be serious.
serious that he will actually put country b4 party, yes. Will he do it? Doubt it, unless he's pushed in a crnr
yes @realDonaldTrump always puts country before party and it's driving McCoward nuts
if you believe that, I've got an imaginary wall i can sell you
NOPE NEVER AGAIN
will this be at the expense of the DOE, EPA, PBS, and other important government agencies?

traitor!!!
you want to rebuild military try to rebuild Trump the Liar, Trump will kill our Soldiers because he can't read reports @CNN
McCain Voted At Least 28 Times Against Veterans’ Benefits, Including Healthcare. Since arriving in the U.S. Senate in 1987
How about 'rebuilding' the lives of our returning&existing veterans-none should be homeless or in need of mental/medical care
we don't need to "rebuild" the military. Already the biggest in the world.  The worst threat to world peace is @POTUS #trump
number of men for cannon fodder? Or actual military might.  We all know #trump can't estimate size...
How about build a Peace Department instead? That is what is needed.
@RandPaul Senator Doesn't seem senile to me? BTW, How old was your father when he stopped serving as Senator?
Time for you to retire into obscurity.  You are a national embarrassment yet again, or is it dementia this time?
Oh brother! Your such a Democrat. How much is Soros paying you this time?
something you could not ever get done- until Trump stepped in.
is someone going 2 point out this is all Obamas fault could have 750 F22s but We stoped at 130 he said we don't need it wrong
Please think of your constituents when choosing any NO vote. Where was opposition to Obama’s EPA regulations which hurts AZ.
wow. You voted party lines b/c you were promised $$$ from the weapons/war machine? You're not for the ppl.
Rebuilding?!? Since when does our military need to be rebuilt? It's the greatest in the world according to you dummies.
better investigate Russian influence with trump and pence first
.. your snafu with those pranksters pretending to be Ukraine's PM should bar you from top security clearance if it's true.
I would rather watch your retirement speech.
What are you doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!!!
I like your message, but I'm having a hard time trusting you, you seem to have a personal agenda and aren't really on team
Trump Florida again? 
12 million taxpayer money. Would that money be better used by building homeless veterans homes??
You need to rebuilt the Senate....
you are a sell out of this party!  Go Trump!
Who can listen to you?You are the most sickening rhino traitor in this country. Everything the Pres. suggest you have a dig.
Rep.Gutierrez was told to leave ICE meeting.
Speaking with reporters and Capitol Police outside ICE meeting we could not enter. @elisefoley #twill 
..rebuild for war?I'm not on board...Get rid of this#illegitimatePresident and I'll be on board.
keep talking McCain the deems are loving you, again, are you happy now? Loser
@POTUS @LindaSuhler senator  are you running for the Democratic nomination
ask Betsy DeVoss for some money to help
#JohnMcCain cracks up when reading a prepared speech at the Armed Services Committee when the text reads: MAGA @ :13
whoop t do Edith, whoop t do!
U make me sick Everytime I see u on cspan. When r u gonna tell us u & Graham r really a democrat. I already know that answer
our national security is at The highest risk level. It is time to focus and save our liberty. Russia owns a branch of US gov
a strategy for war is benefited by a strategy for peace
The military industrial complex Ike warned about. 
What's the rush? Take your time and do it right, if you're going to spend the tax $ anyway. Be sensible please, Sen.
Stop  George  Soros.  Retweet
NEWS FLASH!!! ~Russian made BANNON real president thru wiki leaks
& Attached strings to puppet Trump
I've lost respect for you place of power to look at self shame shame
@DiplomSage @SenJohnMcCain when did you have respect for that neckless rino?
You need to insist on a bipartisan investigation of Trump.
wrong
you embarrassed yourself good job
If you love your country as I hope you do, you will investigate the ties between Trump and Russia.
@Ukrainolution Libs want to get tough on Russia,yet they live in a fantasy land where they think our military is good as is??
no, I meant HELL NO
I smell a lot of money getting thrown at shit that doesn't work.
no
we need a strong military in case of invasion from Trump's ally PUTIN

@Ukrainolution Not good. Indeed it was boring.:-)
You sacrificed so much. How can you be party to the destruction of democracy?
Aren't you the guys who want to get tough with Russia?? This is the cost.
what has become of you?  Take down @realDonaldTrump  and cement your legacy as an American hero.
No need, we already know what you're going to say!
We have the largest & most costly military in the world-it does NOT need to be rebuilt! If ANYTHING it should be scaled back!
We do NOT have any where near the largest military in the world. Where do you guys get this from??
how about looking for the 6 TRILLION dollars the Pentagon "lost" maybe we could give better care to our veterans..
How about focusing on Flynn, Russia, and those complicit in this scandal.
stop the repeated deployments!! Bring back the draft, stop meddling.it is Immoral what we are doing to our soldiers&marines
how about protecting your country from the monster
How come You're not on top of the intel leaks - a matter of grave importance?? .@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @seanhannity
why would we care? When you don't care that our country is involved with Russia. You're a waste of time!
Nothing like building a strong military that @realDonaldTrump can then use to benefit his masters in Russia. #Investigate
war against public. Say no more
Get with the program and help this administration get things going!! You are beginning to sound like the whining democrats!!
Rebuild American democracy, hence WW, wee bit more important. Military can get by. Randi Paul: "(Rs) shouldn't look at (Rs)"?
rebuild America, quit blowing other people up.
ok answer this: what is it that you did for the past month to help people in need vets poor hard wroking people etc..?
RUSSIA
How about Sr "Let's have a bankruptcy opportunist billionaire dismantle intel & FBI before they prove I'm guilty of treason"?
REBUILD THE WH!!!
So, what ya think of Don Jr old TWIT: "We've got Russian money pouring in, don't know how or why, but luv it"?
Okay, neat. Start by bringing down Putin's assets in the WH.
How about a statement on how the current President, from your party, is completely unfit for the office? Moral maverick much?
You are one of few voices of reason in GOP. Where are others? Gets worse every day! Alarming, shameful!
Things that are hidden will always come to light
The thing about guilt is, it goes in a frenzy when it thinks it will be caught
Seriously, Feinberg to investigate our primary safeguards from terrorism? Can GOP just watch and do nothing?
but keep Donald away from it!
Maybe also look at staffing. Is the commander in chief the right guy for the job?
what I really want to hear is statement on your efforts to sabotage our president.
As a war hero, when will you again protect the American people? Trump's killing our intelligence sources
we need a strong military, no doubt. But, we also need stronger borders nationwide. Every entry point is vulnerable.
As a retired U.S. Army officer, I want what's best for our nation's security!!!  God-speed!
Time for your medication.
you know it's about the oil deal this is treasonous  he must go our country's going down over greed that's what you fought 4
the ONLY thing we want now is INDEPENDENT investigation in2 #TrumpRussia, not buddy Sessions. Putin playing us. #SaveRepublic
Senator, what good is building up the military if our Democracy is destroyed, from the inside, by the Russians?  Investigate.
Not watching until you investigate TrumpRussia. We are not safe when We the People can't trust our leaders. Fix this, please
can you call trump out on this Putin crap need independent investigation
rebuild our road bridges tunnels electrical grid and utilities
all military spending isn't good, POTUS saved us millions on F-35 in one meeting, maybe U could try same?
how are you going to build military without budget , guy , I hope trump takes his time appointing a new one
Our military is already the best in the world. That's not where our problems are... just look around you.
your the type of person that will bite of his nose to spite his face.
All u do is talk McCant. No action, all talk with u.
To achieve this goal I suggest trade war with Peoples Republic of China.
we R so sick of false bravado and hawkish mentality. Use the money to educate our children and train our adults. #Jobsnotwar
Why didn't you fight to keep it strong? You let the military fall apart over 8 years & suddenly you want to rebuild it! Gee!
Can we make sure @realDonaldTrump is not tied to Russia first? @jasoninthehouse won't investigate and is likely involved.
worry more about the treason happening in Washington right now!
please get the  Russian spies out of our intelligence agencies.
Russia!
Trump is a fraud
How are we gonna pay for it, by cutting taxes on the too 1%?  Tell us buddy!
JOHN DO YOUR JOB AND INVESTIGATE TRUMP AND RUSSIA
 YOU'RE OUR ONLY NON PARTISAN HOPE
Please be the hero who stands up to the reality and stops Trump
doesn't look like he will.
I respect you, but when you politicized this by saying "Make America Great Again", you lost me. That was 10 seconds in.
Be better than that.
how about a statement on why @jasoninthehouse is NOT investigating #russiagate n the djt campaign #whatareyouhiding
Rebuilding our military? Have we gone and demolished it? Are we perhaps in a undeclared war that is causing damage to it?
you and GOP are losing the American people's confidence.Protect America from Russia.No1 is against either party. Investigate!
please do not increase our military capabilities under this President.
walk out of the room...fly to PHX..go to VA and talk to Vets.
#Bullshit Discredit you as a hero, still you didn't stand up to him when it mattered. Your new efforts useless, Shame.
On THIS subject you are correct! Let's see some love 4 this administration!
Please retire, you are destroying America.
