can't say it's done the same for us... isn't that a little more important?  Who do you work for?
while it has been horrible for American blue collar
@missreagan1 @WSJ
ClapIt3/29Free,3dayApprove
SigninThunderclapIt 1-202-224-3121&Tweet #ComeyHearing Need #bipartisanselectcommittee https://twitter.com/standuprepublic/status/843938301904146432 …
Then why the mass Exodus to the U.S.A.?
I imagine you got your benefits the first time you tried.   But lots of your voters died while trying.
I watched NAFTA kill an almost 100 year old American steel company.
Hey John! You work for the American people! NAFTA hurt American workers!  Time for you to retire to Mexico! #DTS
better than what? People streaming across the boarder because it's such a swell place?
John most think your either senile, unhinged, a rino or a traitor. And the rest think all of the above. Retire already
Are you a Senator for Mexico? You nincompoop! NAFTA is a globalist wet dream. @potus will fix it. #TermLimits #MAGA
We care about AMERICA FIRST TRAITOR!SOS Tillerson is skipping theNATO meeting & meeting in Russia! You lose AGAIN MCCAIN
And the US!
Can you please keep heat on Tillerson for wrongly snubbing NATO meeting & then meeting with Putin? (see Reuters) Thank You
NAFTA when implemented, was a bust from the jump. We need to take care of the workers here, everybody else is second!!!
#NAFT is a disaster.
Mexico and other countries benefitted from NAFTA while US lost jobs and companies.
of course Sen the Mexicans come to US and they send billions back to Mexico. A child Would know that @RandPaul
Too bad you're not a Mexican senator since your more concerned about them #SorosSoldier
NAFTA has been good, but there is a serious issue of currency abuse that hurts our workers AND THEIR CONSUMERS.
. http://shareblue.com/trump-supreme-court-pick-said-women-should-ask-companies-for-permission-to-have-children/#.WNA25AlVGlS.twitter … 
Very good reason to block Gorsuch.
You are so unbelievably bad, how do you come up with all this anti-american stuff?
if you can't see that North America is stronger together. You will get nothing out of this.
who cares if Mexico is a better place?? The USA isn't. Y don't u retire there, McCain? Matter of fact, y don't u retire?
Seems like we should be improving America and not Mexico, But sense your a democrat we cant count on you for anything.  @WSJ
NAFTA is more corruption for mx govt .  Reg ppl suffer stifling poverty, cartel violence, thus more illegals to U.S.
I bet at the cost of Americans ....
Yes, better at transportation of drugs across border.
I'm sure it has at the expense of American workers. Isn't that the point?
What? I used to visit Mex all the time no longer safe
There are 1000s of POWS that done lots more than you that died trying to get the VA benefits they deserved
You would just be a regular Joe trying to get VA benefits like myself if you weren't who you are and a lifer politician
you were just from a rich family of lifer politicians and you followed their footsteps. Never worked a day in your life
Why so angry? Your attitude explains why you have zero followers. You're mean.
I'm a Vet so I can say that. You did nothing more than 1000's of other American soldiers done.
Arizona needs to wise up and vote your Vietnam POW hero riding act out faster than a tumbleweed rolling across it!
NAFTA killed numerous towns in my state of Tennessee not just jobs but towns and you talk what it's done for Mexico 
WHY are so many Mexicans not flooding BACK Home & migrants enroute to US not pitch camp to enjoy the bumper NAFTA?
The American public didn't want you. They wanted Obama. Let that sink in!
You missed your chance. Get behind your party and country's President.
we are about America! Get over losing to Obama. It bothers you a non politician Trump won! Get behind Trump and America

this piece is BS, Senator. NAFTA hurt American workers AND destroyed small Mexican farmers.
At the expense of American working families.
John . You forget we are Americans not Mexicans
#AmericaFirst #MAGA
But it HARMED AMERICAN WORKERS! So...NO MORE NAFTA!
Who is Trump REALLY afraid are coming across the Mexican border? Remember Hitler planned move thru S Amer from Argentina
the Hitler comparisons are old. Gonna have to get new material
Only identifying the pathway. WHO are the NEW travelers Trump is concerned about REALLY? Def NOT Mexicans!
Trump haters need to protest that the wall will make the Chupacabra an endangered species in America..LOL
I'm sure it has. Now what has it done to help USA?
and how has the USA benefited????
Happy 1st Day of Spring; Sen.John McCain; The McCain Family (wife) Cindy, (Matriarch) Roberta
And McCain has made America a worse place.
at the same time hurting America and its people
#BorderWall America Requests Proposal Designs #WellBuildRealNiceWallForTrump @AppleNewsUK
oh, oh, Senator McCain is going all nationalistic. losing another free trader?
Nice to know. Unfortunately it's made the US a less better place for working people.
lol, drugs, thugs, gangs and Assassinations. Give me a break, bias fake news
what about American job losses
Hahahaha ... seriously?
at the expense of the American tax payer...
hell yes it has also rebuilt many border towns no improvement for US truckers hauling to them though. USA 1st
totally ignoring Russia eh. much more important that what you are tweeting. typical
You are so right Senator
