Again, McCain voted for sequestration and now acts like he had nothing to do with hollowing-out our forces. Drain the Swamp. Support @POTUS
That will never happen John because you guys don't agree on anything that's why nothing gets done get out
@SenatorCollins @LindseyGrahamSC Thank you for voting to save us from methane and standing up to #pollutingPruitt and #bigoil.
don't forget the judicial system is legislating & increasing danger of security of US & should be impeached fired or whatever.
And put an end to the Russian nonsense. Yes John, put a sock in it. @MarebarPatriot
I'm sick of hearing Russia Russia. 8 friggin yrs no mention of them & now they are the biggest enemy to America per Dems 
Trump demonstrated that he has no interest in bipartisanship, if you continue to stamp all his policies with YES, its going to stay that way
How come sold us down the river on ISP
It is time for TERM LIMITS! Old white men don't have a clue! Get off the D.C. Teat!
BTW, those ‘human rights’ you support? Your President DOES NOT! He and Rex just eliminated human rights from American values. In public!
It's hard to work on national security challenges when our White House is infested with Russian collusion -that IS our security issue.
it's time we kick all ur asses out of congress and start over. Term limits 4 years and your done... period.
@chuckschumer @LindseyGrahamSC 
@NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan Rs,Ds unite.8yrs Rs of rejection? https://mobile.twitter.com/SenJohnMcCain/status/860245165356621825?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet …
This why, while a disagree with you at times, I respect your maturity and responsibility to the American public
It is time. So get your party together because they care more about winning than working.
When do you admit we are at war with Russia and are losing?  Democracy dies on your watch!  Enough!
Very true, I hope we can come together but Trump is making it impossible right now he's a moran.
is that why your party just stripped healthcare for millions of americans?
More bipartisan on a lot of things!!!
Keeps taking risks with lives...troops...healthcare...upholding constitution!
Got to figure out that your an R quit acting like a d
oh la la moi plus comprendre toi bien expliquer dac?
Military is fine and has plenty of cash.  Know it's your pet project but save Obamacare first and get rid of the orange idiot then we'll see
I agree @SenJohnMcCain and it starts w/ the individual doing their part w/ compliance, accountability & initiative to execute solutions.
PS I no longer give a shit that you were in the service. You're a complicit traitor.
STFU.  You have ZERO credibility.  Hope selling out to get your wife a State Dept job was worth it.
Amen!
You mean the same way R's came together with D's during the Obama Administration? Sure, no problem.
Yes
Nepotism in American: McCain's wife may obtain a key position in the US state Department. https://twitter.com/i/web/status/860338319208722432 …
Good luck with that thought.
Where were u 8 years ago?
it's time for Rs &Ds to come together with a health plan that doesn't screw the masses and benefit the top 1%
Use 25 billion for the wall on healthcare
Another sad victim of Viagra Rage syndrome. Get help @SenJohnMcCain I recommend the AZ VA where Vets are "Dying to Get In." Worst in USA
Someone please demand a psych evaluation. He'll be slamming his shoe on the podium next. Get him a set of "army men" if u can still buy them
Please build the wall
Repeal Obamacare now!!
We used to respect you. Too bad you lost your courage to vote against ACA.
U r absolutely right John McCain.
Traitor
McCain. I'm typically a dem and I'd vote for you in a heartbeat. Well said!!
Perhaps if you would stop your constant negative remarks about the administration things would improve.
I used to respect your honor and integrity. But republicans should hang their hesds. They are only the voice of the wealthy and oppressive
Bipartisan my ass. You voted for a joke of a healthcare "reform" just to stay in line. What happened to the "maverick"? Pathetic!
You have a Russian whorein White House and your party is trying to cover-up & block anything to do with #Trumprussia +just killed peopleAHCA
We'll wait and see how you & the rest of the Senate vote on healthcare. If Trump's mess makes it through, you can forget it.
"Natl security challenges" like the Trump Admin and its collusion with Putin? Couldn't agree more! #TrumpRussia
Really? But when #Obama was President the #Republicans wanted nothing to do with #bipartisanship. You're all a bunch of #hypocrites.
How many years have you been a senator!
All it takes is for your wife to get a Job with Trump and he is okay now? I did respect you once!
Nice statement, but impossible in your lifetime.
You stand up to the Russian pawn President and I'll gladly stand with you.
Wouldnt that be a twist! A Senate that can be Bipartisan! Can GOP actually put "people" 1st? Can Dems champion people without cutting noses?
How about Republicans NOT kicking people w preexisting conditions to the curb , so tax cut for rich can be justified?  #SAD
its also time for you to be more supportive of the president
health care ya know need that too
Do not vote for the health care bill. It is an affront to women and people
Senator your are absolutely right we need our military more now then ever.
This rhetoric from a serious obstructionist during the last administration?
Teri.....you really think Trump is making America Great Again... or Making Trump and pals richer? Be alert...listen and watch what he does
No, I think Trump is awful!
After you come together and replace the current administration!!
Can we be so lucky? Congress belongs to corporate America, not the people!
And #VoteNoACHA a horrible bill for #Arizona seniors, poor, mentally & physically disabled
In McCain words that means start a war with Russia.
were u saying the same thing before the election??
Hey! Why don't you stop wasting time on replace & repeal then?
Just like Republicans did for Obama right?
Yeah, fuck that John. Lets use that combined strength to impeach this corrupt administration for a start.
Pls stop complaining, start voting.
How much money is enough? Seriously.
How dare you ask money for the military on the same day you voted to repeal healthcare for the people you were elected to serve!
How was dinner @ the WH? Congrats on securing a job for ur wife. I respect you sir, but you of all people know the dangers of #TrumpRussia.
Really...it's time the R's cared about the 24 million Americans losing healthcare. F the R's!
BULLSHIT!
The biggest threat to our national security is #POtuS
Bipartisanship would be mature and wise. Revamp Washington in ways that Mr. Trump could never dream of!
Where was this attitude for last 8 years? Democrats don't need lectures. something is wrong with Republicans. They will reap what they sow
Agreed! It's is absurd the lack of decorum of our "trusted leaders" as a whole & both parties need to get it together
Sir:  With all do respect.  We have plenty of military funding.  You need to stop unneeded TDY, fraud, waste and abuse in the military.  
Bye bye Senator, can't wait until 2018 when we #turnamericaBLUEagain
Do something about the Russians. As long as 45 is in office there is no national security.
Feel free to retire now #zzzzzz
Get going with the Trump-Russia Senate investigation.
Where was bipartisan support when Obama was president? You're just a hypocrite to say this! #hypocrite
Trouble is the only time Dems will come together w/Republicans is if everything goes their way. R-Americans are SICK of this!
Dee the R's just said NO to every single thing O wanted to do!
Really? Today you want to call for bipartisan action. Ask your @HouseGOP about that.
Sadly you are all talk John.  When America needs a warrior/patriot you just vote the party line
As evident with the votes on his cabinet picks! Betsy DeVoss? You and Flake both!
So, let's get this straight;
people with pre-existing mental health conditions, 
have access2 Firearms
but not necessarily 2 healthcare
Let me tell you what we recognize. There is now 2 factions. The GOP & American Patriots. We will not rest until R's are finished.
Please save us from #DUMPCARE! Help us, @SenJohnMcCain You're our only hope!!
And make sure AZ residents can afford health insurance
Sorry John, I appreciate your service to our country, but w/respect, Dems are not going to work w/ the right.  Those days are long gone.
Put the hand out there! They will
time for Rs to stop worrying about the billionaires tax breaks and not kill Americans with trumpcare.  Stand up for ALL not just your party!
Do the lives of 24 million Americans mean nothing to the GOP? Fix the ACA! Don't pass Trumpcare!
The true problem is insurance companies, Rx costs and health providers need some reforming!!!
After the atrocities of today, and yesterday, and the day before, & day before, and on good luck with that shit. Time for Rs to be not-dicks
Too busy worrying about losing my healthcare
U need healthy citizens & critical thinkers 4 a military empire's forces yet @GOP doesn't care about healthcare & adequate education funding
I agree but did you think about bipartisanship when quickly ditching the SC filibuster. You quickly fell in line. Respect the institution.
Says the Senator who has served since 1804.
It's time you join the Americans, of course Putin prefers you keep kissing his presidents ass. Sad #resist
Wrong. That ship has sailed.  You reap what you sow.
You need to get Trump OUT BECAUSE OF RUSSIA FIRST!!!!!! Impeach Impeach Impeach!!!!!!!
and the Pres would, ideally, stop seeing the Dems as the enemy.
Get em Maverick
No, it's time the GOP gets gutted! 2018, we are coming for you all! The healthcare/ tax reform you just pulled with be the demise of the GOP
They just kicked the american peoples healthcare down the road
Not yet Paula! We have got to fight!!!  Resistance is real! One large and loud voice!
Have you just been bought, sir?
Thank you for being ethical compass for our country. We need you.
Soon even can kicking will be a challenge for 24 million or more due to the health insurance we lost...now what were u saying about security
Well said, Senator! Don't think it will ever happen unless we have ONE party only. Our world needs to be fixed by a team. Not two fighting!

today the Congress put another nail in my coffin with the health care bill. Middle class no mater how I try I can't win.
As much as I oppose you on a personal level I can still keep the profanity in check. Guess the libs have lost that ability.
The libs
FIRST IMPEACH TRUMP!!!!!
@GOP is CORRUPT. ALL OF THEM. 
#RussiaGOP #trumprussia @POTUS
@StateDept Tillerson @SecretaryRoss @USAGSessions 
@Cabinet Chao DeVos Price
if you're in bed with trump, you're in bed with the russians. you've spit on your own service to this country. how does that feel, senator?
it's
Preach! Preach! #america
-well, in what house decided..punkhouse, or White House? 
...
Money money money? 
(Kids christmas presents, food on tables?)
Speaking of kicking the can or bucket in this instance where R U on healthcare? Hopefully on the side of the American citizens! #NOTrumpcare
Speaking of things that should be kicked down the road, how are ya, John?
Nope. @gop owns health care, Russia, Trump. You made this bed, you lie in it.
Are you serious with this, today?
Maybe would be easier if you didn't grovel to @realDonaldTrump.  Need to stand up to some of his disastrous policies and statements.
Now if you could just vote along with the things you say...
War mongering old fellow
Let's be honest there is no such thing as bipartisan anymore. They all say this when they are in control. Clear them all out and start over
How much more screwed up could our Government get? A bunch of dictators and greedy shrews are what we have now! Time to take America back.
Well - Killed by no insurance? Or killed by a nuclear bomb? What's the difference? I guess @GOP can't make $$$ off those killed by bomb.
Dont underestimate a snake oil salesman.
Thank you. Let's get our country fixed, if we  can. Save us from trump.
Sen McCain. Sorry no one cares anymore. Just another party hack
Better think about how you'll vote on Trumpcare. I hope I can still consider you a hero after the Senate vote. #NoAHCA 
Don't let us down.
Please don't let us die
You are the government. And you have been for many years.
Than time for u to stop undermining President Trump. U call ur self republican, stop acting like dem
Hey Sen. McCain, by your continuing support to all the monstrous acts of 45, you have lost the right to speak of what anyone SHOULD do!
That's so ironic of you to say. Our biggest national security challenge is sitting in the Oval Office and you helped put him there
You and @SenToomey are a bit tone deaf. Terrible tweet timings
Its hard to focus on that stuff, worrying about losing my house to try and pay for health care. We aee TERRIFIED! and angry and we vote.
Can we make American healthcare a priority over warmongering? That would be great. #trumpcare2 #GOP #wrongpriorities
Make the wall go away and put money to healthcare and troops
How about you try and help keep people insured rather than buying more bombs to kill brown people?
Then jump in John and start with your newly nutty party.
Republicans and Democrats (Guinea pigs and sewer rats) won't stand together on anything.  That's pretty clear. Just go hug @SenSanders.
How much did our Pres.  just request in the 5 month budget bill for the military, John??? Did you miss that? His budget comes out in Sept.
Do your colleges realize that healthcare is a national security?
What's the point of empire when we can't even take care of our own vunerable & marginalized? 

#Priorities
not until you dump trump
Says the guy who supported the nuclear option to install Gorsuch, the guy who doesn't stop POTUS insulting the Dems every day. Cooperation?
Unless your raising taxes above 60% on those who make more than 2 mil your kicking it down the road.
it would be a really great bipartisan budget if we cut defense by half and took care of our people and country for once.
I think it's time to get rid of political lines all together. It's time to get politicians in office that are ethical and moral
Impeach 45
This is from the guy whose party redid the rules to force in your garbage SCOTUS justice and refused to even have a hearing on Garland?
It would be great if you would just get on board, Mr Senator. You have betrayed your party and your country by your actions of late. #Swamp
Mrs H how is national security a partisan topic? You're ok if it were Democrat states/cities who are attacked?
it's time we arrest the russians in office
Is your wife getting s job from Trump?
McConnell and now your wife?
It's time to bury the GOP.
The greatest threat to our nation is climate change and healthcare, Senator. I hear your wife might work for Trump?  Bad move.
Both have direct effects on national security.
Who can we work with people who want us dead so they can get a tax break? 
You are a liar.
It's that simple. The Republicants cut the money for health care & gave it to the very rich to make them even richer. Fuck the people.
be gone . I'm  done with you !! Unfollow !!!
I'm so completely disappointed  this was a very bad move to deprive people of health care. That was truly devastating
It isn't law yet! But McConnell will shove it down our throats and 45 and his  Vice will bully for this! He wants that tax break!
TRUMP / RUSSIA stop providing cover! We are NOT going to let this go!
Pardon my French but, your party sucks, Sen McCain
Sir, you can take one giant leap toward strengthening national security by impeaching @realDonaldTrump
Wishful thinking. Stop GOP madness of this domestic siege of its citizens first. 7 years of GOP madness regarding the ACA. It must stop now.
We have no reason to trust you or believe that anything you say is honest. Please just leave us alone.
bye Felicia !!
Can we recognize health and environmental challenges too?
It's time all of Congress realizes that loss of healthcare coverage is a greater threat to the security of Americans than any outside force!
Very well put!
#MayThe4thBeWithYou
#AHCA
#RepealAndReplace
#Resist
#TheResistence
#ShowSupport

This (!)
https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 …
Take Action

https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 … 
It's difficult to come together when @realDonaldTrump is constantly trying to divide us.
@realDonaldTrump only cares about himself. GOP only cares about themselves & big $ donors. Anything else they say is utter 
Why aren't you doing more to investigate Russian manipulation of our election?
Amen
Please Senator McCain can you not find moderates to work with you and bring statesmanship back to the Senate
Hard to do with hate-monger Trump in office.
He divides and concurs... By dividing us he can create chaos and do things in the smoke screen!
time !!
Where exactly do you stand on this?  You ride the fence. What's your stance??  I want to know.
$600 billion should be enough John
