If you're not a part of the solution then you're a part of the problem........what do you think you're a part of?
No one is better than anyone else, middle school students shouldn't be up this late tweeting
#youreastupididiot
You do know that's a lie, right? If common ground on a #SCOTUS nominee is not possible you change the nominee, not the rules!
That's like @judgengorsuch changing a law before a ruling because he does not like the verdict.
How about the partisan filibuster of Garland for 7 months.  Illegal? Unconstitutional? But you supported it.
#Stupididiot
Whoever says that is a stupid idiot.
There is no way to justify this! There were many choices, but you CHOSE to change the rules, partisanship  over country.
A LIFE LONG appointment! You've lost my trust & my support, Senator. I simply cannot believe you went along with this!
I'm confused. I thought that if there weren't enough votes for a candidate, that candidate didn't win, like baseball, no runs, no win.
Yeah it sucks when partisan politics get in the way of SC nominations. No clue what that's like. #Garland
If the D's would have done this during Obama's term, you people would have screamed. Hypocrisy at its finest.
@SenJohnMcCain - you admitted that this would be a terrible idea (esp. for future), and that history would not look on it kindly.
You coward.
not a coward.  But an enabler who accepts without question. . Not good
You crying partisanship is hypocritical indeed!
Every time that you choose party over country you show that you are no maverick. You had a choice and made it. Shame on you!
You always have a choice.
No other choice? Classic. Hey voters, all of you.  Be sure you select the other choice next time.  The #GOP is a disgrace!
That's #bullshit & u know it! There should be NO #NuclearOption 4 #SCOTUS! #GOP shoulda given hearing2 #MerrickGarland PERIOD
You KNEW it was wrong & chose GOP over checks & balances/effective governance. Every vote between now & 2018 will reflect it.
YOU CHEAT TO WIN, ALWAYS, THE GOP WORKS WITH SATAN.
Hypocrite.
Partisan? Nah! We DESERVE a nominee that has full bipartisan support. They had legitimate reasons for voting NO. Why should we have sub-par?
does it get tiring grabbing your ankles for long?
and now you don't like the vote on  (1) judge and you change rules.  This is subverting American constitution!  McConnell=dog
OJ was a football hero until he murdered 2 ppl. You were once a hero and just killed democracy and 230 yrs Senate.
D's partisan filibuster of #JudgeGorsuch left no other choice than to vote to allow confirmation by simple majority https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=4818BFEA-AA2A-4817-8368-9F9BB3714CCF …
credibility gone. You, sir, are a two-faced sellout, and you know it. Thanks for screwing America.
McConnell has no honor!  He should be impeached!  How can he even think what he's done is right?
not true!  And you know Obama's pick should have been voted on!  Reid made change because McConnell wouldn't vote choices!
And last year's not giving Garland a hearing wasn't Republican partisanship?  What are you smoking? You are a disgrace!
You need to retire old man!You're completely worthless.
Always blame someone else
Absolute hypocrisy. This is how democracy ends. You should be ashamed of yourself.
I expected this from @SenateMajLdr. Never liked that guy. But I was expecting more from you @SenJohnMcCain.
He's all talk! What'd u expect from a man who voted up DeVos and those other circus clowns?
Had a little hope after his interview on CNN condemning the nuclear option. Just a joke.
Every republican voted for Nuclear. All 52 of them!
@lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins should be ashamed of their votes too.
Add the flimsy @LindseyGrahamSC to the list as well
All fluff, no substance.
So disappointed that you fell in lock step caving to McConnell Why not set the cloture aside and force to two sides negotiate?
I used to respect you.

Party first, right? United States of Republicans. 
Coward.
You're a joke. That's so disappointing when you know it was wrong and unnecessary. Your legacy is being ruined with #Trump
R's partisan refusal to give Garland even a hearing left the D's no choice but to filibuster.  Your partisan stupidity weakened the Senate!
You could have #DelayedGorsuchVote until after #investigation.  Your President in under criminal Investigation.  What was your hurry?
Don't so easily dismiss what you've done. You will be gone long before the real repercussions of your actions will be realized. #gorsuch
"Left no other choice"? That's kind of like a criminal telling a judge, his victim left him no choice. Losing respect for you #JohnMccain
You had a choice, actually. No one forced you. @SenMajLeader & GOP destroyed senate w/handling of Garland. Sad!
Nope, you know this was a bad move. Said so yourself. You put party above country. Used to respect you
Your party stole a seat on the Supreme court. You called the rule change terrible then voted for it. Terrible is what you are.
Hypocrite! You'll be remembered for this I'm sure!! One of few left that was respected & you just threw it away for party! Ready to retire?!
Yeah, right.
You said to support this was idiotic. Then you support it?  What's your problem?  You do this all the time. You're a #hypocrite who lies.
Many other choice. Many other people could have been selected.

Don't start lying now McCain.
You traded your principles for political expedience, our democracy has been diminished by your actions.
WEAK & you are nothing more than falling in line with what dictator trump & bannon want!
But senator, what about the obstruction of Merrick Garland? A double standard here, no? 
Shame on you. You know that is just not true. You own this.
Hope it bites GOP in the A$$. U held Garland out, John.
You POS I actually believed you stood for something and you turned your back on our guiding principles. When did it become inconvenient?
You flinched.
You had  A Choice to honor our Constitution , not your party . You help tarnish the Senate by removing the 60 vote rule.
Senator: Of course there was a choice. Find another candidate palatable to more, like Garland...Citizens United, what is next
You had a choice, @SenJohnMcCain. You made it. You chose party over the country. Don't call the Democrats partisan after what the GOP did.
Shameful. You voted for it because voting against it wouldn't do any good.  Thank god our founders didn't think that way...
Or to pick another candidate. How about M. Garland? He was a R pick to begin with.
Shame! Really disappointed!
Sorry you're wrong. There were many choices. None of you will stand up to president who is liar and buffoon. Where did patriotism go?!
What the fuck, John?
Massively disappointed in this...you had a choice, you made the wrong one.
You got what you wanted. Don't cry about the price tag. You packed the Court, and Dems will pack it by adding members.
Trump humiliated U, @LindsayGrahamSC , @marcorubio , & @tedcruz ; yet U all  bow before his orangeness. U all have no dignity
It is with great sadness I must call you a #stupididiot today, sir. @colbertlateshow @maddow #FilibusterGorsuch #resist #notbetterwithage
But but but . . . YOU said anyone who wanted this was stupid!!!!!
U said it was stupid 2 do this, but U voted for it anyway. Why? U, @LindsayGrahamSC, &1 other senator could have stopped it.
You guys are ridiculous. When I say you guys, I mean GOP senators. Merrick. Garland. Did you forget you didn't give him a hearing or a vote?
You're a coward. The people remember how against the nuclear option you were when you were in the minority. Hypocrite and coward. Pathetic
I can not believe you voted yes. STOP blaming dems for your bad decisions.  You & McConnell had a choice...you failed today!
Bullshit. What about GOP'd partisan block of vote or even hearings on Merrick Garland's nomination? This vote leaves you zero credibility.
Do you listen at all to your constituents?! No! Stand up for us, not party, not Trump! Stand up for those who put you in DC.
You opened up a Pandora's box.
Now no compromise will ever happen in our Government.
People and Constitution before Party
#SadSadDay
Merrick Garland
You said "this was a sad day for America,wiping out 200 years of (60% req)trad". So,why did you support it? #notogorsuch #donttradeourfuture
You broke America's heart today, John McCain.  There is no hope for us.
So do you think Dems should have had no other choice for Garland? Ur saying they should have killed the filibuster but missed their chance?
That is short term thinking. Think bigger picture.
I had a sliver of hope that maybe you would use your influence, experience and values to lead during this terrible time.  I was wrong. :(
You sold our nation and our constitution down the river.  I thought better of you.  Doubly painful coming from a veteran who took an oath.:(
Senator, a sincere question: how was there no other choice than to vote for something you consider "stupid?" I really don't understand.
And yet you promised that if Clinton won you would block her nominee(s).  Do you think we forgot that, Senator?  Shall I dig up the quote?
Respectfully, Senator, I strongly disagree. Serious absences of "representative government" right now. #purepolitics
SHAME
There was a choice. Put Country before Party. You chose to do the opposite. Not exactly being a maverick today, sir.
Nice that you sold what you believe to be a soul to partisan nonsense. Shame.
Disappointing.
Embarrassing and horrible.
Bullshit
You are no gentleman. You're part of the machine destroying democracy in our country. I'm ashamed for you since you don't know better.
Another candidate should have been considered rather than changing the way the Senate votes.
There's a place in hell for those who sold their souls 
There are always choices. Country before party.
Malarky. The other choice was to find a nominee that would have gotten the support.
You talk a good talk but always cave !
Proof again that Republicans care more about party than country. How sad.
Wrong again crypt keeper. Delete your account.
No other choice?? Bullshit.
That's total BS.
You did the right thing
Kiss common ground goodbye forever.
Disgusting. What a shame very disappointed in you
This was a @GOP partisan decision to push thru a partisan agenda. Guess we'll see the same for legislation.  #SenateWeaker
What a coward you are.
Your statement is exemplary doublespeak. Pontius Pilate himself would laugh at your attempt to avoid responsibility for your decision. Shame
You were the only Republican I still believed in....you let me down.
Why didn't the Senate vote on Garland? Answer that one. I am so glad you are retiring after this term. Or are you going back on that too?
I used to think you were an American hero. Now I know you're just another lying chickenshit with no backbone.
Your repugs started the partisanship. Merrick Garland.
Is there anything you oppose that you will actually follow through and vote against?
You turned your back on us. Make it right by voting no to confirm Gorsuch. I know you can come up with a better candidate.
Like the R's partisan refusal to even grant a hearing to Garland?  Hypocrisy
You chose party over country today 4Trump with 35% apprvl-under investigation for poss TREASON. We need R's 2stand up for US
Thanks MCCain for your support of women and our right to make our own decisions about OUR BODIES! YOU are part of the problem!Old white men!
You had a chance to do the right thing, and you blew it.  Way to run with the herd, "maverick".
You sir are an embarrassment.  You say all the right things -then vote the opposite.  Your words mean NOTHING.  U allowed this for Trump FGS
False. Knee jerk decision. Poor way to change history. Lost respect 4 you
Your party is the most corrupt in American history. fools who voted for you will wake up when things get bad. The rich always take it to far
@SenJohnMcCain So you think that his ruling on the truck driver case is just? The trucker had to choose his life over his job?Disgusting!
@SenJohnMcCain OBAMA beat you as US President. You will never be as great as him!
@SenJohnMcCain You are a hypocrite. How much were you bought for?
One filibuster does not justify changing the rules. Majority will gain too much control and this is endangers our democracy in the future.
Is choice.. Live with the delay of the filibuster. SupCourt doesnt' meet for months. Trump not apptng required staff and U stuck on scotus.
No other choice??? I know you know better than that, sir.  The consequences of your vote will be terrible and long lasting.
If my kids made as many wrong choices as you, they would be grounded for the next 20 years.
You criticized it then voted for it? WTH? We see you.
You have some redeeming qualities sometimes, but I'm calling major BS on this.  You voted party over your own conscience. Shame! Shame!
seriously?!  How about Garland?  I like you more when you think with your brain and morals not the color of your tie
always choices. Bad judgment and bad decision to go nuclear. Republican's will regret choice.
You put party before country. Where is your integrity? Oh, wait that went out the door when you accepted Palin as your running mate. #
This is the height of hypocrisy when GOP wouldn't bring Garland to a vote. You voted to go nuclear so you've lost all credibility. Shame.
You hate America.
Perhaps if it wasn't a stolen seat, it wouldn't have happened this way.#MerrickGarland deserved a hearing. I hoped you would be a Statesman!
You're all talk man.
You should have spoken against this. Every 5-4 decision by SCOTUS about women's rights, LGBTQ rights, healthcare will be on you
You always had a choice. I'm a Democrat that would have voted for you. If I can cross party lines for the country you could to. No respect
There's always a choice - talking not rhetoric - compromise not taking nuclear option.
What happened 2 country over party? What happened 2 bipartisanship.  How come u could survive being a POW but could not stand up 2 mcconnell
That's a cowards way out. U did NOT have to do it. No one twisted your arm. I looked at you as conscience of gop. You are a disappointment
You coward. I have lost all respect for you and will NEVER trust a word that comes out of your hypocrite mouth. Party over country again.
Apparently your maverick days have ended, sir.
don't blame it on D   Give us a nominee that supports people not corporations.
why do you do partisan politics when the country is ruled by a demented narcissist under criminal investigation?  No logic
Better hope Trump can get another nominee during his term, otherwise you just cut off your nose to spite your face. #Pawn
Please don't tweet your to old
Whats in your browser history?
You choose party over country. America was not made great today.
Shame on you.
