Everyone help me wish my wonderful father @SenJohnMcCain a very happy birthday! I love you with all my heart, Dad!  
Happy Birthday Senator McCain!!!!!  A true American Hero!!  Keep fighting hard, Sir
The democrat?  No thanks. Megan I hope you are embarrassed!  Is that why you are not on Fox?  Humiliated?  Your dad is 

Happy birthday to an amazing person
Happy Birthday Senator. And thank you again for standing up for ALL of the citizens of this great country.
He didn't stand up for all citizens.  He's a pathetic coward and loser.
Mr. Don't you think it is about time to go fishing?
WISH UR FATHER THE BEST BUT SHOULD NOW GRACEFULLY RETIRE FROM POLITICS. HIS INCESSANT BASHING OF TRUMP MAKES HIM LOOK LIKE A SORE LOSER.
Great, now retire!

Happy Birthday-Sir
Hey, smoke weed everday until u get over it.
Happy birthday honorable
Wishing you the best and may God bless you in every way, Sen McCain!
Happy Birthday Mr. McCain. I just read that the Zika virus is a hopeful answer to adults with a glioplastoma. Check it out. Not kidding.
Belated Happy Birthday John!  Megan isn't the only one who loves you.  There are millions of us who went through Vietnam in different ways.
Happy belated birthday, sir.
A John why don't you get obomacare
Happy Birthday sir!  Thank you for leading by example. God bless.
Happy birthday 
Happy Birthday to a true American Hero. Looking forward to your pragmatic and considerate words and actions back in DC! Moral auth needed!
Oh shit he's still alive. I thought this was an obit. Here's to you, and here is to future term limits in Congress, may we end long careers
Think of all the people you've betrayed!
Happy birthday darlin' !!! 
Well poop. I'm late. Happy birthday, senator.
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Senator McCain!  Be Well Sir.
Meghan we no longer respect your father and will not send good wishes After he gave the thumbs down on the vote & deprived us of healthcare
He did the right thing.
Happy birthday Senator!!!
Enjoy time with daughter & grandchildren!!!
Enjoy you day sir. @SenJohnMcCain
Happy Birthday!
Wonderful father? My ass
Happy birthday Sir. Thank you for your service to our country.
TRAITOR McCain!!!!
Happy birthday 
Happy Birthday Senator!
Dirt Bag and Turncoat McCain.  'Wet Start' should hide in retirement. Maybe even apologize to his shipmates for his slaughter.  Disgrace!
Happy Birthday @SenJohnMcCain!! Have a good one Sir...
Happy birthday, sir, and thank you for your many years of service to your country.
Happy Birthday @SenJohnMcCain. I hope it has been great.
He's amazing! God bless him.
Happy birthday Senator McCain from a Democrat that wishes you the best
Happy Birthday Senator John McCain! Thank you for your service and bravery on many fronts!
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday, Senator John McCain!!
Happy Birthday!
Best wishes to my favorite Senator!
Happy birthday best wishes from USNA 62 grad and service DD-718 1963-67 several Vietnam deployments
Happy Birthday Sen. McCain  . God Bless you.
Be a true Republican !!
Happy Birthday, Senator John McCain.  #Praying
Happy Birthday!! @SenJohnMcCain keep fighting the good fight. Lets work together to stop Trump. You all know he isnt fit. Invoke the 25th
Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday to a true hero who lives it every single day. You are a shining star.
Happy Birthday to a true American hero!
. He should be in prison for treason.
Happy Birthday and many more.
How does it feel to be the son of a traitor.
hi
All this liberal praise must make you proud...
Happy Birthday! Many many more to you!!
Happy Birthday!!
Useless backstabbing McCain for derailing trumps healthcare with 1 VOTE thumbs down. What a despicable man, HATEFUL & jealous of TRUMP F him
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday @SenJohnMcCain - a true hero and man of integrity. Thank you for all you do - be well. 
Happy birthday!!
Happy Birthday ! Get well so you can go back and kick ass! Or just relax and take it easy if you know how to do that 
Happy birthday Senator!
Happy Birthday @SenJohnMcCain! Stay strong 
wonderful family
Your father is a good man. We are all lucky that he serves our nation! Happy Birthday Senator McCain!
Happy Birthday Senator McCain  a great American
Many happy returns & God bless the good Senator's new age!!! We love your Dad @MeghanMcCain
Happy Birthday. I hope all your wishes come true. Please make my wish come true and impeach Trump. Thank you
This is for you Senator: 
Happy Birthday to a true American hero! Sending prayers and blessings !
Happy birthday!
No I will not.
Happy Birthday Sen. McCain & many more.  Sending lots of healthy birthday wishes to u!  Thank you for all that u have done for this country!
Your father doesn't belong in the senate, he belongs in the house.  The crazy house!
Happy Bday Señor McCain
Happy birthday senator!
Happy birthday Senator!
Happy Birthday Sir
Happy Birthday to your father @SenJohnMcCain, a man of dignity who will always have my utmost respect!!
Happy birthday , it's also my grandson's birthday
Happy hatch day sir! 
Happy birthday Mr. McCain!!!
Happy Birthday, Senator McCain ! This country is united in wishing complete recovery, sir !!
Happy birthday sir!!
Stay strong.
Rope age for retirement!
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday, @SenJohnMcCain !
HappyBirthdaySenator McCain!
Make it the best one yet!
Happy Birthday, Best wishes for a full recovery.
Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday Sir from NOLA
So sweet of u Meghan!! And a Very Happy Birthday to ur AMAZING father!! Thanks for sharing him with Americans everywhere-true treasure!
Big happy birthday to our hero!
Happy birthday, Senator McCain! You are a hero. God bless you.
Happy Birthday!!! And many more.
Happy birthday, Senator. Thank you for your service.
Have a great birthday!
Happy Birthday Sir!
I hope it's ur last!
Happy birthday!!
Again and over and over, Happy Birthday y Feliz Cumpleaños Senator McCain!
Happy Birthday Senator! You are my hero!
Happy Birthday Senator McCain.  Thank you for your service and humanity 
Happy birthday senator
I wish you the happiest birthday yet in your life !!  We need more people like you and Governor Kasich, truly brave lovers of our USA !!!
