Isn't that what you want to do to opposition in this country? You've shed the hero mask before our eyes. You are in the #PersecutionParty
McCain is so D.C. indoctrinated he doesn't know what real America & real Americans are. Flush that !
Voters should demand your immediate recall.Stop changing subject. Rest of us are still stuck with the ACA.Esp bad in AZ$22,000/yr&no access
Shut up and go away John.
Disgraceful that you stand for Venezuela whilst the very same things are going on in the US & you remain quiet
Ever the corrupt hack…
@SenJohnMcCain I couldn't give two s**ts about #Venezula. @realDonaldTrump needs to stick with the #AmericaFirst agenda!
When a neighboring nation teeters on brink of war, America is already last. Trump's fault.
Let History decide who is at fault. I'm with our POTUS. #MAGA
Yes, you're right. Trump is at fault.
Trump is not at fault
Trump IS the fault.
He's not that much different than U John, he stands against the will of his people too. u were elected by us and yet u turn on us!
This administration is not pro democracy nor human rights. Nothing will be done! Disgraceful indeed!
Bla bla bla
Meanwhile in the USA we are giving up o. Democracy
Big bucks he is not getting paid he could be making huge money enjoying life instead of being President taking all this abuse
How about you acting like a republican but a democrat in disguise? You don't support your state nor your president! Get with the GOPprogram.
Why must we go beyond our back yard when we have issues to resolve here first. #get to work for the American people first!!
Get well, John. You can beat this. I'm praying for you.
AND HERE ?????? NOTHING DO. NOTHING.
Brave words after voting with Dems to keep O-care. I held my nose & supported u in '08 even tho u backstabbed your running mate. U fraud.
Is there a Trump hotel in Caracas? Not? Sorry guys.
Sir, you know who our president is...where is the glory for him?
Trump isn't smart/knowledgeable enough.   It's not about him, so it's out of his wheelhouse. #Venezuela #SoCalledPresident
You have shown us all what "disgraceful" truly means McCain. Look no further then your mirror.
You are a would be want to be president. Get over it you are not.

at least they’re detained - Putin shoots em, throws them off of buildings, radioactive tea...
How about we fix our messed up country first , then , and only then we can focus on other issues ? Let's fix our country first sir
There can only be one option - we must heavily arm the opposition leaders as they are freedom fighters.  Using AZ def contractors of course.
Navajos should demand that 543 open Uranium Mines be sealed. Their State Senator won't help the people that put him in office.
KILL MADURO TRUMP!
disgraceful you not voting for repeal of Obamacare.
You want to talk about disgraceful?
2010 hmmmmm...



TRUMP YOUR PRESIDENT IS WORSE WE NEED A GOOD LEADER  THIS COUNTRY IS SUFFERING.WHY HAS IT GONE ON SO LONG

Your on your way out may as well help with the destruction of your so called beloved country.Right. You are a horrible man.
I would think you support Socialism. You voted for socialize med.for http://America.You  are a progressive.
Disgraceful that McCain is still in office.
Maybe you can use taxpayer monies to find a fake dossier on Maduro, like you did for obama, how much did it cost you? You still suck #MAGA
Youre scared shitless of condemning Turkey thats why....
You live in a different reality John....both in your Ukraine and Syria exploits and now in Venezuela. Why dont you condemn Turkey? well?

Mr McCain...thise two oppo leaders called for a military coup.....thats why they were arested.... so stop freakin lying all the time.
Country moved to Socialism No we see the path Socialism takes We Can't police the world POTUS put sanctions in right away McCain=Warmonger
Yes and we demand your immediate resignation traitor.
US is occupied with internal affairs and a looming constitutional crisis.
Coming from a guy that funds ISIS. Be honest. Your healthcare vote was retribution for Trump pulling the plug on your Syrian bathtub, right?
I think U.S. has its fingers in enough pies.  Time to start focusing on our own   condition & issues.
Wait @SenJohnMcCain  Supports this guy ....??? WTH ???
Or pass or healthcare
. Remember this.
Pretty disgraceful that you screwed over your constituency on Ocare repeal and replace vote. Continuation of your vietnam days ?
I just want to know why It's been so long since @SenBernie waxed eloquent about Venezuelan social justice
Or send a someone to get rid of maduro & his quack gov..
You sure you don't wanna go to war or fund more rebels?
If US had a decent President. Ours too busy Tweeting & fighting to stop Russia investigation to save himself.
Thanks for saving Obamacare john! Hope your cancers doesn't hurt to much ... heavens just around the corner!!!!
Sure- demanding really works- why don't you go down there and get them out you over blown "war hero"
Thank you senator. Let's fight to free political prisoners in venezuela. Good health to you
Again, the Bully's of the World aren't getting their way.  Because, America is not giving them the World and but calling them out.
@SenJohnMcCain speaking of disgraceful 
Resign, please......
You are disgraceful. You have interns sending out tweets just so you get press  while you're under chemo! Shame! @MeghanMcCain  is complicit
Why? Involving yourself in Libya and Ukraine isn't enough, but so concerned about Russian meddling with us? Stay out of other countries mess
Can the administration do more than one thing at a time! Trump is too busy tweeting!
Stay out of it!
So when foreign interventionism is your idea, then it's ok.
You should do your job. Health care is imploding and instead of fixing it your fighting your own party RINO
Please support stronger sanctions including ban on heavy oil imports. Small window of opportunity to impact. Pay now or pay later.
Talk is cheap. If you're not ready to use a stick keep out of it.

@RandPaul @SenTedCruz @SenateMajLdr @POTUS @VP @RealJamesWoods @AnnCoulter McCain DISGRACE is how YOU betrayed US by not repealing the ACA!
Stop training to dictate policy. You lost at your shot. Go take care of your health your family needs you.
Unfortunately Senator McCain, we are in a state of crisis with our President.  Urgent bipartisan action is needed.
We're demanding that Obama care be repealed, but that isn't happening either
Please help the Venezuelan people.
We have enough to deal with now! Nukes in Iran and North Korea!ISIS and the Muslims trying to take control of the world like Hitler And nazi
no @realDonaldTrump is to busy tweeter bragging about his golden throne room today. distraction from donnie jr. and all things Russia
Your vote was disgraceful
John, John, didn't Rex tell you?We don't care about justice or democracy in other countries anymore. "America FIRST!", remember?You clapped.
Demanding anything usually just a whine.  Time for some tougher sanctions.
Thank God if born in usa!
Why don't you worry about what's happening here with healthcare and tax reform or did you forget?
Disgraceful that you turned over a vote sphincter
Where is Rex Tillerson? Who is US Ambassador to Venezuela? Who heads So America desk at State? How is Trump ruining international justice?
Focus on the home front. We have enough of our own political problems. We are hardly in a position to offer suggestions to others.
Speak of election interface! ! Only America has the audacity to do it and look unamused.
US has the power to break the Venezuelan government by stopping oil imports.
And who would know more about "disgraceful" than mr back stabbed! Take care of us, and then play overseas. Your garbage.
Check with Tillerson. Evidently, the US no longer promotes democracy.
good quit interferring with the internal affairs of sovereign nations. You're without jurisdiction.

... John McCain and bankers wanted a puppet in Venezuela to control their oil. IT'S ALL ABOUT THE OIL.
should John McCain continue to meddle in Venezuela's elections



Hay at least they did not arm their enemies like you did! Get your own house in order and stop trying to deflect of your lies!
Meanwhile our president asks for investigation of his opponent in the election...
...don't "meddle" in their elections you hypocrite. Those opposition leaders were probably CIA Ops
How about not interfering in other countries processes. You seem pissed off when it happens to the US of A
Please stop. You are now the face of corruption
IPC must put you in jail, dirty old man!
I am sure this is no where on @realDonaldTrump s agenda.  He loves strongmen - he isn't
You should demand the travel bans be stopped. You should meet with DEMS this week on heakthcare, you should denounce tRump violence
Sadly, the US is losing the moral high ground to tell other countries how to behave.
Disgraceful that you don't support the president
Senator God Bless your leadership, in helping the country of Venezuela and its citizens from the dictatorship of the Drug Kingpin "Maduro".
Matter fact I'm getting ready to call the federal Board of Elections and get ready to run for president
I military in the United States belongs to our Lord and savior Jesus Christ you don't like that kiss our ass
Its time to retire. But you never will cause power is your life.Dont you have a family? You love your power more than anything. #termlimits
You got room to talk John McClane you you won't and transgenders in the American Military you ain't no hero
Thank you, Senator McCain, for your leadership!
Thanks John....@SenateMajLdr
Sir let's look at home  first. Your vote last week was disgraceful. Just bc you have a chip on your shoulder over Trump busting ur balls !
We have our own troubles   Mind our own business
We have DEMANDED that you retire for years but you refuse. How are you any different than this dictator? Pls stop your revenge against Trump
We'd have to have a fully functioning State Department. It's dangerous being a joke to the rest of the world.
FYI you're not POTUS.  Delusional hack.  Obamacare for you.
Thanks for yr support Sir, sometimes only drastic lethal measures is what resolves conflicts, pls get fully recovered soon, we love u
I demand the release of your senate seat.
No time...45 has to prioritize bashing MSM. State Dept useless. Maybe you could tweet at him, or something?
Clearly your hate for 45 doesn't allow you to know facts. Tres Dept placed sanctions on Maduro, and will cont as appropriate.
How about we focus on our own lacking Administration? USA, anyone?
@realDonaldTrump has no morals or values only greed for self gain Remember you recently said #Congress r not his subordinates but his equals

and this will be USA if Trump continues down the road he's on!  Stop him.  Also go to http://TheTruthAboutCancer.com  website for help.
"go to TheTruthAboutCancer. com  website for help". Have a look at the man behind that, and his medical advisers ... http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Ty_Bollinger#cite_note-14 …
Can't. 45 is too busy tweeting about economic accomplishments of the Obama admin. Ask Fox to do a segment & he may tweet about it tomorrow.
We have our problems too but we can address both. For starters  Let's get the authoritarian wanna be out of the WH!
Senator I respect you and all you've done, but I don't want to hear about the disgrace of other countries until our own house is in order.
This is a problem resulting from Trump's sloth and incompetence. It needs to be highlighted as Sen McCain has done. Shine those lights!
The US has no business interfering in other countries' affairs. If those detained weren't pro fascism/pro US, McSame wouldn't utter a peep.
Who do you suppose will DEMAND anything when we have no leaders and the world has NO RESPECT for the US? #WHDeathSpiral #GOPcomplicit
I worked overseas for the last decade, the US lost the respect when that effeminate, limp wristed fairy, Barry, was in office
Yup just regress to Obama bashing instead of seeing what's happening to the US with Trump at the helm. White House and Congress in chaos.
Except US is pretty much in crisis too because GOP are letting our dictator go too
Barry, the wanna be dictator and gay fuhrer, is gone man, let it go
We know what you did this morning. Let them go
You would know disgraceful,  songbird
War monger. Myob.
Yeah. How dictator of Maduro impose laws that the people didn't ask for. You know like Obamacare.
Good luck. We still haven't heard anything from Trump condemning Russia's expulsion of our diplomats. He's more worried about Fox & Friends.
How to make a martyrs of these people... Nelson Mandela's ghost is watching... *facepalm*
USA must support the efforts of Mexico and Colombia to bring back democracy to Venezuela
do you actually think @realDonaldTrump gives a damn about Venezuela?  
BTW get well senator, we need you!
Does he have a hotel there?  Then he doesn't care.
Your boss, Donald Trump, can't even sign a bipartisan bill protecting Americans from Russia, he won't do anything tough with Venezuela.
Totally Agree. Venezuela is on a very slippery slope , and sadly i can see much blood spilled . God Bless The Innocents .
Let's be honest - how long before this is US? Potus already calling for his opponent to be jailed.
Silly. She should/will be jailed.
Our President wishes he could do the same
That will look real funny when Trump wants to detain Democratic lawmakers.
But this is the way it would be in the US if Trump had his way. Please stop supporting him.
Yeah, it sucks when a madman hijacks Democracy and opposition is marginalized and threatened with unilateral and unlawful suppression.
You probably don't realize this but you've described Donald Trump perfectly. 
Are we really capable at this point to make demands in #Venezuela ? Please make plans.
What another great excuse for war!
Stop beating your chest like a silver-back gorilla, and sending other people's children into war.
Since 45 loves dictators, I hear the sound of crickets.
Stop being lead by your hate. 45 has taken action against Maduro through Tres Dept sanctions; and will continue as appropriate.
Time for some good old economic sanctions against Venezuela oil industry !!
How much worse can it get for the peeps there? Can't get milk or TP. What would more sanctions do except promote more illegal immig. here
The ven government relies on oil, that's how he pays his cronies and the military there.. no money no love .. people will suffer, colat dam
DEAD RINO
You deserve Obamacare.

Oh please, unless Trump has skin in the game, he couldn't care less. And he wishes he could imprison his adversaries.
What a disease comment.  No one does it like the Clinton's,  just kill them all
Glad you're getting a sneak peak at what life will be like here in the near future, if you and the GOP don't grow spines and impeach trump
No impeachable offense fool.  Don't poke the conservative bear, u won't like it.
Donald Trump doesn't care what happens in Venezuela
Do you believe that Trump would do something different?

Your words carry zero weight sir. #bye
That's OK.  He will work for your best interests anyway.

Does McCain support Obamacare?
Why are we chumming up with Turkey?  How is this different?
