RETIRE JOHN MCCAIN! YOU & GRAHAM ARE A DISCRACE TO OUR COUNTRY! YOU'VE LOST YOUR MARBLES! 55% OF ARIZONIAN'S DON'T LIKE OR TRUST YOU!
HONEST TO GOD JOHN MCCAIN , WE DON'T BELIEVE IN YOU! RETIRE! OR I AS AN ARIZONIAN WILL CALL FOR YOU M TO BE FIRED!
- After 15 years of failure, is time for you to leave forever.
Might be time for you to retire nothing done in 15 years give POTUS the support needed instead of acting all Emotional 
Most likely we will be in Afghanistan for 19 years and will leave after a Democrat is elected to the Presidency.
great then all queada will grow
al qaeda will exist where ever we are not. So do we occupy all Muslim countries? Including Saudi Arabia?
we should not occupy any other country, only assist them to stand alone
omg we have herd this before u think that thing in the White House will fix this on twitter??
Simple strategy. Kill every last single one of them.
15 years! VS army isn't capable or the war an investment by weapon-drugindustry oe from VS #syria freed in 1 year by #Russia
Maybe try educating women and children!
, tough to do when POTUS is a wacko bird & committing treason w/Russians. #ImpeachTrump #resist
destroy oppio traffic
destroy political corruption
help people to rebuild their country
give a future a the next generation
yes but unfortunately justice does not mean morality some of these politicians have no morals at all
the ole run your mouth till no one listens strategy seems to working for you.  Keep up the hot air you pandering RINO
I think you need to look at the more immediate threat of Russia sir.
yes, that is what @POTUS is doing
time for McCain to dry up and disappear
your pay masters (military industrial complex) never want to defeat terrorism. Peace isn't profitable.
Sir, MUST get the terrorist in the Oval Office out first! #howlong?
We must have a strategy to impede their recruiting efforts!
#ImpeachTrump #PosterBoy for #ISIS #UglyAmerican #Traitor #Putin
you and everyone thrpughout history that has done this in Afghanistan. Duh
why don't you work with the president and try to make this process easier. I'm disappointed with you lately
John McCain,huge talker who gets nothing done,refuses to stand with American voters! JM:Inept Ugly Counterfeit!
The US created the mess, the only way to fix it is to leave it alone and don't meddle in other countries business. Thank you
watched you Sunday state union you need resign old man you sold out navy an now you selling out our country!!
that's right senator
Guess what Songbird ?  There is no terrorist threat there.  Terrorists are in the US Senate and House. Bring troops home.
Doesn't our great president have a secret plan? He kept saying that in the campaign or he just a big fat liar????
.@SenJohnMcCain Oh don't worry - remember Trump has a secret plan- knows more than the generals.
blah, blah, blah!
Our strategy was flawed from Day 1-- correct strat was Israeli style pay back with carrot ant stick diplomacy..long way to go
We can't do it Senator...there is no foundation for what you hope for...it is whack-a-mole
Cheney/Bush ran a huge scam to get military into Iraq and Afghanistan. It was all just a scam.
My nephew is in Afghanistan, for what? ... Mr. Chairman? Instead of playing footsies w/the liberals, Do your job Senator!!!
you dhave not have the milieu to say that.   U R a traitor
Janet him we have to fight to win ANY of our enemies! Or we'll be fighting them in our front yards!
It takes military personnel to make that happen. They will become veterans who the same Government will abuse & deny care.SAD
@MeghanMcCain How about we treat them as ENEMIES and ban ALL IMMIGRATION from Afghanistan Worked in WWII
so now is a better time to develop this plan? taken 15years to figure that out?
You would have made a fine POTUS, so much better than Donald Trump. I have so much respect for you. 
don't look for no more, Turkish ally is NATO Achilles' heel nostalgic of cold war against communism with #MuslimBrotherhood
I think you should deploy.
and right now there is no strategy but how can there be when 45 has delegated those duties?
And making a deal w Iran is opposite of that
Trump didn't start this wiretap talk. Either the @nytimes is lying or Trump was wiretapped by Obama.
#termlimits
Russians are in the whitehouse!
Rand study showed there are NO historical cases of defeating an insurgency that enjoys a cross-border safe haven.
Hey John, these wars are a racket.  You've gotten the opium production to an all time high. Wasn't THAT the strategy?
Get the hell out of there and stop wasting money.
the question, you coward, is why have you waited so long to pretend you have a stance?
Talk abt Russian influence in OUR country! Stand up for American public! Do it or new slogan will be "Made America disappear"
The war monger speaks !
you need to retire sir you need to retire need to go off some island somewhere and retire
It was foolishness of Obama administration try to do without Pakistan. What do we have after over trillion dollars.
you have a fight at home to deal with.  Get on with it and deal with this Donkey
There is no solution to Afghan issues with out Pakistan,  we could not have defeated Soviets with out Pakistan.
Did we learn nothing from Vietnam?  From Russia's efforts in Afghanistan?  Still losing our most precious resource, our young for nothing
no thanks to you, your an embarrassment to Arizona, you did nothing about the F35 being over budget it took DT to correct!
Are you doing everything you can to protect our state department, which is being dismantled under Trump and Tillerson?
I thought the president you so obviously go out of your way to support was supposed to have this taken care of 15 days ago
(Mouth shut)
The best way that u Sen. McCain can help, is to keep ur big moth shut and ur fingers out of it!!!
1) Don't forget lessons of Charlie Wilson's war.
2) Remember who left 4 WMD in Iraq.
Defeat the threat in the White House.
you do realize they come from a long line of people who've never truly been beaten right?
so what have you done to end it the last 15 years? NADA!
How about bringing the troops home and stop using military force on other countries, no wonder they hate us.
@MeghanMcCain Do you ever talk to President Trump or Sec Mattis??
@MeghanMcCain when u talk all i hear is blah blah blah
Guys like you have been fighting a war for my entire life. I am 57 years old and my kids live with your moral debt. STOP!!
We shouldn't hv been there to start with. Mattis will take care of it. BUTT OUT! You've only driven us to more war. RETIRE!
Wrong Neda!!
McCain was a lonely GOPvoice against Bush and his "nation building" and oil deals in Iraq!
#Hero 
@MeghanMcCain
Who's been in office all 15 of those years? YOU! Support a non-politician try. You've proven to be all talk.
Here u go again Gen John! We, the people elected a real leader...doin his job!Do your Senate job & ! @seanhannity
has been in a position of leadership in Congress for HOW MANY YEARS AND HE CAN'T GET THE JOB DONE... VERY TELLING 
@MeghanMcCain wow ya think?
if America wants to succeed in Afghanistan go after terrorists in Pakistan simple as that
@MeghanMcCain the strategy is to leave withdrawal On the way out spray roundup on the poppies unless you have a reason not to
You should focus on the @POTUS, John. Trump's a terrorist DESTROYING the US, and he's right around the corner. He shldt get to sign ANYTHING
No to Ryan healthcare. Tax reform is simple. The FAIR TAX! Let's get to work for the people for once!
thats what the french and russians said. Get out now!! Concentrate on the enemy within. Trump
hey john lets win the hearts and mind of the people and set up a democracy
@MeghanMcCain or......a few hours with the gloves off!!
we are threatened by Russia control of our White House, plan something for that.
I think you're forget it was Obama who told Putin he would help him after his second election
Yes. I do not think resources has been the issue more than indecision, impatience and a lack of endurance. YK
@MeghanMcCain Wow just now waking up. Or catching up on news.
@MeghanMcCain ...and this is a surprise how???
how about letting the President and Rex Tillerson handle that before you screw it up.
@MeghanMcCain This is laughable. So you guys haven't done your job for the past 15 years and now we are to believe you will?
DO RIGHT BY AMERICANS WHO WANT RUSSIA AND TRUMP OUT!'
Sorry, only left wing unrealistic people want Trump out. Middle Americans need Trump. Our backs are tired from carrying libs.
Please stop being so stupid!! You sound like a spoiled child that thinks he only got one cookie while everyone else got two!
Shameful. Come tog. Meet higher expectations.
Agree!
Agree Afghanistan Please investigate Russia now. Get ahead of it. Putin to smart to lets see and wait. Terrifying
Senator, do you know who's supporting those terrorists (and pretty much all others)?
well for the last eight years you did nothing
kinetics will never be an effective weapon against an idea.
The man who'll do this is already at his desk& he isn't a politician,@potus ,@senjohnmccain @ja_andati he's a goliath Slayer
send @realDonaldTrump to run their country. That should do it!
If we left would we create a void? If we stay can terrorism be eliminated? I worry about another Vietnam.
you must vote against the new health care bill. We need something better.   I vote in Arizona
Mr War monger in Chief.
you've been there that long and you haven't done anything retire and go live in one of your 5 homes
Hey, how about that #RepoCare???
Pls get Trump out - I'm a liberal dem who is anxious for Pence to take over - that's how scared I am. Let that sink in.
@MeghanMcCain ...I would load up a fire tanker with pig blood and enough liquid to stink and start spraying every whereevery
.....start making lines in the sand...put a little gopher barium sulphate..that will slow az border too..think?
...I would not do that ...use red fire re hard and put some stink it.....watch em come unraveled...they wiluno!
you need to retire, and stop saying you are a Republican.
Easy fix, put USMC General Conway in charge. Great job in Iraq in 2003
@MeghanMcCain  in this day& age, there is NO excuse for war to last this long!Gen/Adm R  PAID to WIN wars,keep politicis out.
This is exactly what McCain wanted. Perpetual war in the Middle East. Why is he whining now? He got his wish.
and he's getting his precious budget increase to maintain it.
experts have already expressed needing strategy that helps w/long term rebuilding. While suffering exists so will terrorism
nothing new there
just want point this out..Russia Bailed out...our approach needs be examined and goals...
@MeghanMcCain you have been part of the funding these terrerist
"Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets"
lead it Sir!
the strategy is for all RINO'S to retire NOW
Not a stalemate; situation is deteriorating.
@MeghanMcCain Wow, a statement that actually has merit & not the usual whining that has preoccupied Sen. McCain since Nov.
Build highways, schools, an economy & institutions.
the wuestions are not answered. It is cleat the US in not wanted, needed, and is making things worse for all, including US
. How about get the hell out of the mideast!
What the hell kind of sickness is it that makes men obssess war. You and those like you turn this country into a war machine
Hey John President Trump will tell you what we are going to do in Afghanistan, don't worry he will take care of it.
go drive one of your budweiser delivery trucks and leave the work to the real heros......
Could we defeat Russia first. Investigate
2/2 nationalistic ideology that we should hide in a shell like a turtle. This is more important that ACA repeal or #MuslimBan
how do u fight an ideology? It's like doing battle with the Hydra.
1/2 Thank You J. McCain. The war we should have fought instead of the debacle in Iraq. Meanwhile silence from @POTUS and
afghans must take their country back. No #american troops
you are an obstacle
Put them all on Trumpcare. They will be dead before you know it!
build a wall around Afghanistan.
Even This stalemate is programmed.It paid you dividend 2 destroy economy & peace of Pak-Afg by terrorism& 2encircle #IRAN
You have no http://strategy.You 're terrorist-loving(PKK/PYD) You have spent friendly and allied Turkey.
with what u and obama cut budgets failed to stop waste let veterans die in va
supposed to be helper of military yet waste in defense galore poor or unusable equip poor training. How can u sleep at night
we could start by not providing weapons to them? Lol. Retire.
This is not stalemate. It is defeat.
what are you doing about the state department
Work with the president Sen.Mccain. Much good will come.
work with him ??!! You mean get him the hell out of there
Excuse Me; but reminiscent, of The Vietnam War (conflict) ; "Take this Hill" Whose really Winning" Won!! Sen. John McCain
STALEMATE
Leave it up to the experts, like Gen. Mattis. Why haven't you come up with a strategy to defeat ISIS? Support Mattis plan.
Ever a war you didn't like John McCain?
so why are the marines in syria? Please be a good person and stand up to 45. You're better than this.
No he isn't and he should be respecting President Trumps agendas
I don't see an exit strategy to end war in Afghanistan or Iraq from new WH, only see additional troops going to Somalia...
Play to win McCain so it's time to choose.  Get in there and finish the job or get the hell out.
Actually Afghanistan and Pakistan need to do that. Going with the Iraq model makes more sense. We support, not occupy.
you screwed over the veterans in your home state. Get your ass to work for the veterans in your home state. Senility set in?
Want to end the threat? Gets them out of America. Stop being a warmonger and get behind the man we put in office.
Get them...I hate making typos!
banyoda ıslak duş perdesi yapışsın sana...
ask #Russia for help, I'm sure @POTUS has their number
McCain is the one that wanted campaign contributions from Russia, Not Trump, McCain has their #!!!
Terrorism can not be won in the battle field alone Senator .
Without a "United" states WE are at a stalemate. Please put that as your first priority senator.  America deserves better.
anything for more war Huh #songbird
leadership in both parties are incompetent!We defeated two countries to win WW2 in 5 yrs!@Cynalicar @ananavarro @CNNPolitics
Getting rid of you would be a start
@realDonaldTrump isn't attacking #US #Generals  & trying to put them in #prison.
Hold #media criminally #liable for #FakeNews
I don't trust anything you say now John. You've proved yourself to be against American interests over and over.
got that right.  He needs to let the big boys handle that.
well 1st off let's train Afgan troops like we train ourselves! 2 like Marines did in Nam Cap units embed 1 plt per Co. Train
The fact that it has been more than 15 yrs of war should make you ashamed! You are an embarrassment to the U.S.A.!!!
And any American arms dealers found selling or furnishing enemy with equipment to fight back with should be found treasonous.
Like the American government?
OMG McCain Can you please just retire, your out of touch, your in the shadows of this Russian and Soros mess, U lost ur way!
You meant to write "you're." Twice. Trump loves the uneducated. Why? "Because I are one," he explained.
Bahahahaha. Maybe you should hire a consulting group from Afghanistan. Apparently we do not have enough smarts in USA..
Sen. McCain, I would rather you focus on getting some things done here at home, yet I'm also glad you're not.
couldn't agree more. Head down to 1600 Pennsylvania and start there.
Tell them to surrender, or we'll exile McCain to Afganistan. That should do it.
drop food instead of bombs and see if we get a  different result !
I sure don't know the answer to that question but it's about time to bring it 2 a close one way or the other.
yes and then we need to find a strategy to investigate @realDonaldTrump and his ties to Russia #trumprussia #Impeach45
All you need are the first few chapters of "The Outpost" by .@jaketapper  to know that no one wins in Afghanistan.
Hey John-boy.. no one is paying attention to you - you're not @POTUS .. #MAGA, #ObamaGate #wiretap
America is fighting for freedom here if you don't protect americans from 45 there wont be an America left to worry about ME
Oh please. Go get yourself a therapy dog and sit in your safe space snowflake 45 might be our only hope 44 was weak
