After eight years of Obama you're seeing what it did to the leadership get all the services
https://www.facebook.com/jim.corry.16/posts/10212248713845424 …
Your ship has something in common...adrift and a wreck.  No direction. P.s you blow the man down...lips.
It seems odd. Perhaps there is some intent on the Captains of these cargo ships
It looks fishy. It looks deliberate.

(Maybe it's from the same people who wants to embarrass Trump.) #MAGA
I agree
Carrier takeoffs were tough once, huh.
John maybe you should be navigating the McCain.....
First occurrence indicates alertness not there; 2nd occurrence shameful, or is it sabotage?
You would know about that...oh the irony!! God bless our troops!!
U'v been in D.C. To long!  Our expectations were immediate repeal & replace.  U touted a plan in place and just waiting. Well, where is it?
Thanks, Captain Obvious!
ship was aptly named,just as incompetent as McCain himself. Fortunately only 10 deaths not 1000's like usual for something related to McCain
I am curious if these Navy Ship disasters were caused by the merchant ship on purpose and not Navy fault?  
Maybe another Rino/Democrat Hoax.  @SenJohnMcCain
Hey John   U r on the armed services committee What have you been doing to about collisions at sea?I think you are established and a fake.
This should never, ever happen.
This is what happens when you turn the military into a social experiment!!!  Today's leaders are just cheerleaders... not leaders
You need to stand with POTUS  Remember the people voted him in
Yep!  Drain the swamp!
Who cares what you think or say! Your a Dam TRADER to your party.
Of course you have to agree cancerous one. The ship was named after you which is not so deserving.
-Odd though, a radar detect of that size ship..can't be -'a miss'..!? 
Sobery?
-If Fatigues, they are allowed to anchor up or find harbour. But with a watching guard.
You see Trumps speech? Yeah that's what a real President looks like, it's sad you try to undermine him because you have personal issues
You seek to divide this nation and not unite! Go to the Dems and join their obstructionist goals! And let us under Pres Trump unite!MAGA
With the navigation systems available on theses boats those in command should be retired and the whole training network evaluated.
U Think? It should not happen in first place. The captain has some blame.
over rely on GPS? dad was ww2 merchant mariner / oil tanker captain. told me that new hires could only steer if the machines were working.

you know what the cause is.  you need to tell @potus to throw out #chickenshit @BarackObamas #terrrorist #israeli interests... @FBI @USNavy
Your own Party has censored you including the Arizona Republican Party.  A liberal at heart.   Kick u out!
Seems like the the USS John McCain is just like Senator McCain, sailing blindly hitting anything in its way,
something fishy going on here and it's costing military lives. Hope this investigation doesn't take as long as Muller's. #4Ships2Many 
Everyplace you go...violence of some kind follows in a few weeks. Traitors never change.@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
yeah ...maybe we should check on "wet starts" in the program....
Do you mean we as in?
Duh
So Obama cuts the military budget which impacts training and guess what happens!
We have had 4 collisions this year. Past time for Richardson to be fired.
No shit, John....this should have never happened in the first place...something is way wrong..it's the 2nd incident in the last several mos.
Our country needs rebuilding. At some point in time it will be abundantly clear to put our own citizens first for a change.
mCshame we R starting 2 identify the problems! 2 bad somebody didn't identify U B 4 U blew up the boat &killed fellow Navy man! We c u now
I voted for you for President. Never again. You are having a collision with Trump and you will end up just like the ship.
I don't understand, and I'm not being snarky - dead serious, how two ships miss seeing each other & collide?
Sure McCain whatever -
So what about the 134 sailor's U killed trying to be a hotshot pilot. Didn't they deserve better? You've ridden fake hero status long enough
Obama, your buddy, depleted the military!!! Retire rino!
Retire singbird!
John another thing you can do is take into account the near-misses and cause
The sailors need to do their jobs. It wasn't the ships fault this happened.
4 sea collisions this year. Aircraft accidents all too frequently. There needs to be a huge evaluation of protocol.
If these were on the job injuries in an industrial settings heads would be rolling.
Hum, well, well, well, Another John McCain shipwreck what a surprise!
Probably remnants Obama and his weak policies are to blame. Nobody respects America because of his leading from behind. REPEAL & REPLACE NOW
So glad you agree with the Admiral.  Think you could set aside you animosity and agree with our Republican president Trump!
You probably sabotaged it.
Gee, ya think?
We can't wait on congress to do it, they/you are useless
894/899 at Naval Academy wasn't good enough to fly, except if daddy was an admiral. Proof that critical jobs need to be merit based.
John McCain needs Obamacare.
Just a thought, when you lower standards to meet quotas to be FAIR, you get inferior job performance. Unfortunately your policies cost lives
Could not agree more.
The best thing that I heard today was the ship was named after your father and grandfather now they were true heroes too bad  you're not
Repeal and replace Obamacare. The American public deserves no less. Anything less is a vote FOR Obamacare.
Od training seems not very good these days.
There are too many occurrences for this to be mere coincidence. Too weird.
You changed the picture.
The crew mates should be battery tested for parasites and drugs. The ship should be vetted against electronic interference, or malware..
Isn't it time for you to retire? We need more conservatives in Congress. To many liberals spoiling the potential of America.
Is this terrorism?
Let's ID and correct the causes of the worst shipboard fire naval history that you started. Because of your father, you didn't go to prison
You jinxed the ship! #RINO
Well NOW that MCCain told the Navy how to proceed....
Dude this is embarrassing!
Y does this keep happening??
Mc Cain ur that clueless? 
Family officers state sequestration & lack of knowledgeable experienced personnel to blame. No not what they do
Oh by the way...your a traitor to the promises you made and that's how you will be remembered....
I agree our sailors deserve no less yet u stick all Arizona with the exorbitant costs of Obamacare?
This makes us an easy target for terrorists too. :(
@SenJohnMcCain 
How LONG Have YOU Been a US Senator & former military
Your Gauge is Off-Too Little Too Late-Globalist in Senator's Clothing
someone need chocolate cheese wheel /no just the nanos and maybe some magnets with helium type inter core to keep cool
Profound. Let's find out why navy is crashing ships. Are you a senator for having that kind of wisdom or because momma has money?  #MAGA
Don't you find it suspicious that 2navy ships have had a collision?  Could it be an act of war sir?
Why dont you focus on R&R Obamacare and let the Navy fix their own problems @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @Veteran4Trump
So sorry, too, for the loss of this great ship named after your ancestors. Memories of them, and their service to our nation, remain
Who the heck are you ? I asked Field McConnell. Tell #KristiMarcy hello
I spent 3yrs 8mnths on sea duty, trust me, it's a highway of heavy traffic out there, & it's only getting worse
McCain You speak as a leader with love for America/life•#45replied to this catastrophe "it's too bad" Sad for him he will reap what he sows.
NO SHIT!  That's why you are a congressman.
Except if they are #POW OR #MIA needing to be swept under rug to tie up Vietnam loose ends, right Johnny?
could it be DPRK hacking our radar systems?
Boy without your pithy comments where would America be.  Oh yea reforming healthcare
When are going to take a stand John?
From your first watch on the bridge the thought of a collision at sea is jammed in your head. A collision at sea can ruin your day.
I was so sad that our navy can't see another big boat!  How can we feel safe?

John I'm ashamed to say I voted for you for President....NEVER again.
Yes....it's a shame you say one thing and do the opposite.
About time!
Even things named after you crash.
That's the first thing you have said in months that actually makes sense
Goes back to January 2016 and the two Navy boats seized by the Iranians. It would appear to be a leadership and training issue.
So, what are you going to actually do about it?  Nothing probably.  You're all talk and no show as John Wayne would say.
So if you agree we are supposed to feel better. Whst a freaken joke
Thank you
Is the Russians disrupting our systems!
AGREE 110%!! I'm LibDem, so VS U politically BUT Respect U 110% vs 'So-called @POTUS,*' whom MILLIONS Respect  Z*E*R*O% !!!…
…How  D*A*R*E  @realDonaldTrump  Q UR Heroism!! @POTUS44 NEVER did/wud. IMHO, UR words hav been way TOO restrained…
…in 'calling out' the CRETINOUS @realDonaldTrump !! 'Fake news?=>What about DJT's 'Fake   H*A*I*R??!!
Taxpayers, too
Way too many of them, especially with advanced technology. Wth would they collide with other ships unless something is glitchy?
I'll answer that! Your buddy, Obama, went from having our military attend school for training to only on the ship training! You need BOTH!
Dems are gonna declare this incident to be about racism. Or it's a copycat of Charlottesville  or it's was caused by Trump. #MAGA #fakenews
U must correct causes (Viagra, criminals) of increased rape/abuse, US soldiers & families deserve no less. Zero pay 4 generals til corrected
Listen to Crash.
Commander in chief I suspect
I seem to remember running lights, radar and night watch. But maybe things have changed.
Start supporting @POTUS instead of being a rino GOP..We want Trump agenda,not yours,Graham,Ryan,Sasse,Flake or McConnell.Trump is president.
GO AWAY, LEAVE HIM ALONE, THE MAJORITY OF THE PUBLIC THINK OTHER WISE, YOU TAKE CARE NOW YOU HERE. AND BLESS YOUR HEART
Just like the American people needs Obamacare repealed.
Stand with @Potus senator! Stop this #Censure NONSENSE!
The Americans deserve no less either. So retire. We don't want you in the senate. Your a traitor.
Three branches of government at once is a terrible thing to waste.
Our sailors deserve a decent Commander in Chief.
There is more than the specifics of each incident. Is the US being tested?

Asleep on the bridge and passive/careless horizon watch crew.  No excuse not to have seen that and gotten out of the way. No on on radio.
It's like auto accidents John, the more autos the more accidents
goodbye 2018 the TRUMP MOVEMENT IS ON ITS move
Kind of werid none of these collisions happened untill Trump started sharing intel with Russia
Or did they buy it from DWS's boy toy?
Trump is too busy
You're the one who should know about botched missions and lives lost
https://twitter.com/jessekellydc/status/899673843236823041 …
As a previous employee of the defense industry (Lockheed), their always under audit.
Time for a REAL leader. Impeach 45.
Better late than .....
Retire ole man and go fishing somewhere.
Have u been questioned yet about dossier ??
Your thoughts on this possibility?
Our thoughts and prayers w/sailors and families.  Our gratitude to all who are or have served.
Yeah wtf
Go back to sleep, McCain. You've done QUITE ENOUGH!!
And we deserve better health care
Agreed, something is wrong.
Are our early warning systems being interfered with?
Don't blame the crews to cover that up if the case.
Gee ya think!?
They also deserve a new commander and chief sir
They have the best CIC than they've had in years.  He supports the Military
Thank you from a US Navy family.
All 4 ships having incidences like this around the same region.. These guys/ladies are top notch. What the hell is going on? 
John, so many in past several months!  Either Our Bridge Personnel are incompetent, or Our Enemies are smarter than WE know?  
Our enemies aren't smart if they are showing their hand in a non combat situation.
Thank you Senator. Stay positive and help get TRUMP to Resign. Be well.
Help get Trump to resign? Why would he do that? Oh wait, because he is actually a democrat and a liar! You're pathetic

Thanks for voting to keep Obamacare. Liar.
Really John millions don't really care if you agree or not. We have lost our respect for you
 Adm Richardson can handle it alone without you
He stood up against the outrageous healthcare http://plan.You  are to dumb not to realize it.
Yep another leftest liberal. Turn off your TV and read more
Wrong again.Stop stereotyping folks that didagree with your ignorance.
Too bad you are all talk and only support the DEMS
Wrong lady.
Yeah, u tried to blame the PUTUS for everything.. go to the hugging thearapy
Learn to spell.
