Actually I think a Sec of Justice who lies under oath is worse. Didn't u impeach a POTUS for that?
Time to retire in order to help MAGA
@MarshaBlackburn @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker   Demand investigation. Who you stand with matters. (23% of ELIGIBLE)
Cyber, like Russian hacking? So should we investigate if any Americans knowingly colluded with Russia?Nah just tweet instead
this is so very very important, the next wars will be fought or aided by the cyber world . Thanks for recognizing the threat!
plausible first step, remove blatantly incompetent Trump who on natnl tv invited foreign intervention in election.
never happen snowflake #soreloser
, you have ZERO credibility any longer.
I hope you will do something with the AG, it's shameful but sentimental aside, this is illegal
easy solution: get rid of the politicians who collide with them!
useless
let's talk more about this in a town hall meeting with your  constituents back here in ARIZONA
You need to clean your party of the corruption that seems to have taken it over. Put the American people above party!
Democrats are so corrupted #WakeUpAmerica Obama divided this Country read his book that is his goal his words
I have never heard 1 democrat praising Putin. The trump hate campaign divided this country. He will get it back in spades!
YOU ARE DELOUSIONAL CLINTON SOLD OUR URANIUM RIGHTS TO RUSSIA CLINTON FOUNDATION UNDER INVESTIGATION SHE TOOK MONEY AS SEC. OF STATE WAKE UP
You believe every lie that falls out of trumps mouth. You are the one that is delusional. Both of those have been proven lies.
You don't know what I believe I just see DEMOCRATS AND PEOPLE LIKE YOU ASSUMING WITHOUT EVIDENCE FBI CIA SAY NO EVIDENCE FOLLOW THE TRUTH
No need to scream. FBI CIA say no evidence YET! It is there and they will find it. Then ignorant people like you will stfu.
And you figure this out now!? How about China/others hacking us over the years you've been in the Senate. Shame on you! #MAGA
Plse deter defend respond 2 cyber attacks stonewalled by your own party & call 4 special pros. #Russia #trump #SessionsLied
computers won't much matter the way we are destroying our environment, food and water supplies! #doyourjob
You helped Dems sham Trump, made Russia thing into a fiasco. For the ANARCHY party that never pursued Russian aggression
.@SenJohnMcCain Why don't U put out a national call for REAL computer scientists? They all have STUDENT LOANS w/Master degrees! @collectist
working harder against Trump, who encouraged Russian cyber attacks against our country during the 2016 campaign would be good
Climate Change is #1, but cyber is a good diversion.
We're the victims of a Russian coup.  Sessions, Carter Page, Lynch, Manafort.  4 lied/resigned re: their Russian connections.
Are you going to actually do anything about it, or just send a harshly worded letter?  This is a crisis.
What is happening with the Clinton Foundation investigation & her Russian connection?Obama shadow gov't is treason prosecute
Hey Pat! Maybe turn off Fox for a few days & stop listening to Infowars Breitbart and Drudge for your "news".
I appreciate your dedication to our security, but why don't you aim that dedication to the administration's ties to Russia?
agreed, been in the industry almost 30 years. Prob is, our Prez can't even secure his own phone!! Lol
maybe you should have saved us from Sessions how about that
Just don't talk about it which you are great at talking and no action...make a recommendation!!
RT @SenJohnMcCain: #Potato is 1 of most consequential nat'l security challenges in a generation - we need a strategy to deter, defend &…
Thank you for at least stating on the record we don't need to stand up another bureaucracy to address this.
The republican are making it IMPOSSIBLE to talk to them. They don't speak for the people. They speak only for RICH & Russians
Please investigate Russian hacking independently.
Let's start with charging candidates that invite #russianhacking with #treason
I have a grandfather like you and he can't figure out the TV remote, so....
INVESTIGATE RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE. NOW.
You are a TRAITOR to the Republican Party! You are a TRAITOR to the Republican Party! You are a TRAITOR!
where is your statement on #Sessions tick tock tick tock looking guilty too man. Tick tock tick tock 
Please retire.
You Senile Traitor and other Rino supporter of George Sorros are attempting to destroy USA. PATRIOTS SHOULD GOOGLE FORRESTAL
The YELLOW around you suits your soul well. Do not claim concern for America, you are a traitor and deserve no respect.
Why hasn't Hillary and Obama and DNC been prosecuted for their crimes. Clinton sold Russia our uranium no one says a word
Stand up to the bullies! Do the right thing. This administration will end at some point and you want to be on the right side!
Enough of the Democrats attacking @POTUS where is your support against their unlawful actions. I once supported you. Stand up
also need an independent investigation on Trumps ties to Russia. Need tax returns. What's the problem GOP?
Sen. John McCain
we need to combat the likes of you being in the pocket of George Soros.
@OversightDems @GOPoversight @SenFeinstein @SenAlFrank @SenJohnMcCain @senategop @senatedems @HouseDemocrats
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.

—Franklin D. Roosevelt #SundayMorning 
You seem to be pretty good at cyber attacks though. Leak any good information lately?
YOU are just as much of a TRAITOR you voted yes on cabinets.
please talk address sessions & #trumprussia that's who seemed to cooperate all along the way. Read & learn John.
hopefully there will be funding for cyber warriors in defense budget
McCain, Mr all talk and no action.  Another reason we need term limits.
like those from Russia? Do you trust Sessions to help lead this response?
RT @SenJohnMcCain: #Potato is 1 of most consequential nat'l security challenges in a generation - we need a strategy to deter, defend &…
require multi factor authentication on critical systems and personnel start with #DNC & #RNC all the way down to Twitter
Hire young hackers from High school that know how to break into secure systems there the best to ask how to defend them.
we do Obama administration did nothing after repeated attacks on US  then got full blown crazy when a private dnc attacked
Could Russia have hacked to increase total votes between vote site and wherever totals are sent to for overall on Nov 8th eve
if you don't know what cloud bleed and heart bleed are you have no business in IT.
And y'all should've had that in place in the 90's but GOP decided it wasnt a big. Y'all created this problem. Own upto it.
We need the smartest ppl, but Trump is scaring the world from coming to the U. S.
Senator, let's be honest, Trump is the most consequential nat'l security challenge in a generation (or ever). Investigate him
OK,,, I agree. Stay in your cubical and stop demeaning our President.
Start by launching an independent investigation into Sessions and Trump's contacts with Russia. What did they know?
The attack on American Democracy is an act of war. Russia planted an evil man in the White House for their own benefit.
Partisanship in the face of this foreign threat is treason. Russia helped Trump so they could have a fool for an adversary.
Republicans must pause their agenda as they have no democratic mandate. Appoint a special prosecutor and investigate!
Sir. What about our AG and perjury. Please act for the safety of our country.
Investigate hedge fund king Mercer
How about doing it like Clinton did? Just ignore it! What  
happened when he got impeached? Nothing!
Hey WHAT ABOUT RUSSIA? WHAT ABOUT SESSIONS? WHAT ABOUT INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS?! What about COUNTRY/ PARTY? #WEAREWATCHING
Ironically when you were speaking, the woman behind you was just tweeting away. Is that a government issued phone?
Trump s/b #1 national security issue.  Why does Sessions swear an oath and then lie and no consequences.  So much for oath.
what about staff leaks to press. Pretty damn sad
Let's deal with NOW to secure the future.
Swamp v.45 is crumbling 
It is on you to pick up pieces and sort this out.
GOP/ USA
I wish politicians would stop using the word #Cyber
sir please push for an independent prosecutor in the coming probe into Russia + election
It  must be frustrating to you Leftists that NO proof of anything has been found.  You haven't spec of proof!
Hey, what about your old pal, Jeff #Sessions?
so you can stop the American people from getting any news worthy news?!?!
the problem is I can't listen to anything good when there is so much you say that I can't stomach.
DUHHHHHH....Look at POTUS for all the cyber security info you'll ever need to know.
What we NEED is a Special Prosecutor for #TrumpRussia and #YemenRaid and a trial for Jeff Sessions!
what about the people in our government that need to be investigated? What about @jeffsessions and him talking to Russia 
omg "cyber" 
