Serving the people of Tennessee in this capacity has been the greatest privilege of my life. My statement: 
Too bad you seem unable to follow his lead, Songbird...
When you leaving ???I regret ever voting for you ...You promised to repeal Obamacare care an replace ...
Repubs like Corker let McConnell break the Constitution. That is not what a true American should allow. I do respect your friendship, sir.
Of course he's a RHINO, just like you are. Pls. JOIN HIM!

You are a class act, Senator McCain! God bless you for your service to our country.
Some people are true sheep & easily fooled by the Piper!
He's out cuz he was gonna b voted out. What U saw in Ala is going to happen to the rest of U do nothing losers who have stabbed US - in back
He hates the president so much that he makes us suffer for his hatred
Hi
Womack will now have to get a real job. No longer a bag man for little Bob's crooked deals. Tennessee is glad to see Y'all go.
you too need to retired @jonh moccasin
Like corker McCain, you're on your way out! Mother nature will see to that. #songbird #traitor
It would be great if Corker & McCain got the hell out of senate & retired to the rino hall of fame.USA would be better off.
Good. Glad ur are leaving Corker, a corrupt elitist who trampled the Constitution and allowed the Iran Deal. Ur not an American
Have some sympathy for this poor man. Other than marrying well he just hasn't had much luck in life!
Please go with him to so we can make America great again
Your turn
figures. corker is a thief and a crook. birds of a feather....
Like you Bobby Corker is a liberal POS. It is time you follow his lead and get out of the Senate.
Wish he would stay, we need all the clear thinking people we can get.
Now that's funny! 
“F” ers stick together .
#DrainTheSwamp
Too bad you don't hold your Republican Voters in the same high regards. Change party U Judas! @POTUS @CNN @FoxNews @ABC  Always Voting Dem!
You sold your soul to Evil a very long time ago. And to think I supported you in 2008. Hey duped me once, never again buddy
Alright Pete. Prove it or shut up. Tell my how John sold his soul w/out quoting the liar.. Trump
Gary, this is just one of many many many. I would share more with you, but your silence to respond & your short list of followers, suspect.
Actually, I have a life and am not in here as much as ppl w/no life, like you.

The placard sums it up, republicans don't support republicans like democrats support democrats, remember Reagans 11th commandment
Thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican. I think he's a Democrat in a Republican seat
I don't disagree w/U
The 11th commandment by Reagan
We in Tenn are happy Open Borders @SenBobCorker is gone>waiting for Obstructionist @senjohnmccain aka the Canary in Vietnam!! @RealAlexJones
Great example you should consider emulating.
CORKER   MCCAIN CANNOT CONQUER CANCER  THE  LORD WILL CONQUER MCCAIN  WITH CANCER   ONE AFTER THE OTHERE   TILL  DEATH DUE APART
His service you believe your own press you and he as Senators have protected government jobs zero accountability YOU MARRIED YOUR MONEY#MAGA
Эвелина Волошина Господин Маккейн вы что уже себя хороните? ... вы там хоронить себя переставайте, давайте к нам в Украину ... .
Другу України-ВЕЛИКА ПОДЯКА !!!
Good God I hope that he's nothing like you. I know that your family must be really Proud of you, Aren't They?
Liar
You should join him
You should do the same!
You're an entirely useless, corrupt career political hack. Step down. Retire.
Good thing too, because TN was not going to have none of Corker in 2018. We live in Knox County & he is very unpopular here. You're next.
Adios, losers.
Thought this was funny a year ago Now knowing your connection with Ukraine Nazis-Not too funny #Dangerous @POTUS  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/breaking-puerto-rico-gov-rossello-grateful-pres-trump-praises-federal-govt-response-hurricane-maria/ …
First Corker, then Strange.  Your next McCain!   Drain the Swamp AZ!
Can't wait til your out of office too
He gave you an example to get out, you are unworthy of the Senate. Trump hater.

Senator Moore is refreshing and will definitely help the Trump agenda unlike the so called Senator McCain! You are old news bye!
Would, that you would join him in his retirement  (and obscurity)!
You should follow his example. Better yet, here is an incoming message from Alabama for you and your cronies:
So sad that so many are so frustrated w this admin. The peace is totally gone especially now w the comment on sports. When will be enough??
Follow his lead and step down now! Focus on your health not personal paybacks to @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @JeffFlake

He's quitting bc of pos's like you. #rinoMcCain
Oh John, if only you had not picked Sarah as you're running mate!
Well, if @SenJohnMcCain complimented him, that's a good sign that I can be glad he's gone. #GOP #McCainSucks #MAGA
John McCain, your motive should never be questioned. U r an American hero that any father would hope his son 2 b like you..
#TermLimits
Join him in retirement, resign NOW and let a non-lying, uncorrupt, non-sellout serve the citizens of AZ
<3 McCain! My HERO! McCain...Cause he made us feel safe.
Now if you will join Corker and just leave the Senate. YOU are the reason we are stuck with lousy healthcare. Too rich to care!
Senator McCain, I thank God for your decency and courage, and I am praying for your recovery.
You both are swampdwellers.
U need to do the same
Wish you would join him
You and Corker both should retire immediately.
I love you so much John McCain,senator
North Vietnamese were good friends of yours while you were at summer camp.
you need to step down too, have some time with your family, we need to drain the swamp quicker
Corker's anti-Trump comments sunk him.  McCain needs to retire now.
Home of the brave McCain corker
Wishing both of you the best. Thank you for you courage Sen. McCain in not just going with the party. Takes guts.
Today Urge John McCain to retire like Bob Corker. John 7 years knowing Obamacare would fail you guys did nothing Except embarrassing America
One establishment down
Please join him
You still have friends? #TraitorMcCain
Bye bye
Please retire too !!
Ya he stayed loyal - you could learn from him.  Put your Trump maniacal hatred on the self and help the people John
Wish Senator Corker was staying, DC needs to hold on to the grown ups.  Thank you Senator McCain and Senator Corker for all you've done!
Lovely just lovely. Like sheep to a slaughter.
I'm glad he is gone he forgot what party he is in like you.

Feel free to join him.  Tonight or tomorrow would work.
SenBobCorker= Spineless
Another #RINO BITES THE DUST.
We can't wait to extend our Thanks to you for your services upon your retirement !!! Especially after a  Second Betrayal on Ocare today

Corker is a traitor! His amendment circumvented the treaty clause and allowed Obama his Iran deal!  How did you vote? This is your legacy!
That's exactly why he's stepping down. He can't stand to be anywhere near you. Your STINK is overwhelming.
You wouldn't be in senate just like good ole Bob if you didn't LIE repeatedly songbird.
Follow his lead John
please join him and retire John
He rubber stamped every repub bill and helped obstruct Obama. Good riddance. You need gone too. (With all due respect. )
I need to be gone too?
John McCain.
Shame a way of life, Forrestal, wet starts, tailhook, Keating, McCain Institute. How much more before you go? RETIRE Brutus
Hope you can learn from him "repeal health care"
ACA has been a disaster 4 my family ,our business & my employees. U have done nothing in 7 years to repair. &UR  TALK THIS?RESIGN TODAY
same here senator bob
Thanks for your support!
He's right up your alley for sure. Embittered old roadblock.
It to bad you didn’t follow what you said years ago term limits
You both suck!
Thx 2 U both! behold, christian ethics & education cmmnts. 'Member when under-educated folks tried 2 learn frm smarter 1's rthr thn show it?
You are a hero John McCain!  Don't let a corrupt bully smear your image. Please remove him.
If this McCain isn't a walking advertisement for term limits I don't know what is
Looks like big Luther lost..what the heck
I just don't know why Trump keeps listening to that McConnell he's going to send them right down the drain
Can't we get A2 for 1 deal here? We'd much rather have you go than him
Please join him #termlimits
The more you are in this spot light, the more I am glad you did NOT make President.  You are deeep/swamp
Wish you would retire also.
He knew when to get out. How about you?
OORAH! "Uncle Sam Wants You"  @SenBobCorker , @SenJohnMcCain;, 
He's leaving, John   Take a hint
healthcare john, where r u?
Can we get your retirement announcement soon? Like yesterday?
And the swamp drains
Follow his lead John. Retire.
Why don't you get out.  You've always been a traiter - sing song McCain.
You just want to beveryones friend. Instead of making friends, why not do your job? Most don't care how many friends you have. VOTE YES
Please join him in retirement. That is the greatest service you can perform.
Reichert, Corker, Ros-Lehtinen, your cancer prognosis - please start recruiting rational Repubs now. If you have to leave the Trump 1/
circus, don't let the Freedom Caucus find your replacement.
RESIGN TRAITOR !
You both need to go. #DrainTheSwamp
Your Brain Doesn't have the Capacity to Be Allowed to Be a Senator any more. You Should Retire from Office.
Why don't U follow his lead, Ur over with, you've become everything U used to protest against, John as a fellow Navy Vet, Pls go with honor
McCain, resign in disgrace.
When are you going to retire?
your a class act as well Mr McCain
I would love to read Trumps resignation
I didn't know Bob was that hard up for friends.
As he likely goes on to a cushy job with a lobbyist's corporation.
Can u be next? Please.
you missed the chance tyo be a hero 2017
You and @SenBobCorker should stand against @POTUS and call for his impeachment. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaCollusion @RepAdamSchiff
Something is Wrong with your Brain...Mamifan88
If that "something wrong w/ my brain" helps get a career criminal put of my WH I'm good. Maybe research Trump w/o infowars, or foxnews
Mandatory Term Limits MUST be implemented on congress, this will reduce the Globalist occupying Congress like you
SEN MCCAIN YOUR WELCOME TO GO TOO!
Now you need to follow his lead. Retire and enjoy time with your Family and Friends.
... One less Israel worshiper in the Senate... Good riddance
You're an absolute Hero Sen McCain.
Good move for Corker. Escape the shitshow.
