No!  Good man doing the right thing.
Homework completed! Statement stands.
He indeed is a war hero whether you like it or not.  I disagree with much of what he stands for however I think he is a good man.
Ok, let's agree to disagree? Truce
Traitor McCain Flip-Flops on Gorsuch http://truthfeed.com/breaking-traitor-mccain-flip-flops-on-gorsuch/62303/ … Must have got a new memo from Soros
Please come up with better use of our money than a wall. Look into more boots on the ground, legalizing marijuana, stiffer penalties
WHEN ARE WE GOING TO
SEE ACTION ON RE-ARMAMENT
$$$$,,
MONEY
JOBS
SHIPS
RECRUITMENT
WEAPONS
AIRCRAFT
DRONES
BUILD TO STEAM 
BUILD-SAIL
KEEP VISIBLE
HEADLINES
INFUSE THE SPIRIT OF AMERICA
No taxpayer money for that stinking wall.
Too bad we can't impeach you and send you home to North Korea Comrade
public safety begins with stronger gun laws not border security.
just a reminder Trump Russia investigation
Unleash the kraken. The men and women of Border Patrol know how to stop the flow. It's the politicians returning favors that prevent it.
I think Trump's bans are all Constitutional but when Obama appointed and rigged our court system it seems our Constitution is now gone
start by securing us from Russia and treason by our own
Hopefully they will listen to reason. Thank for your service.
Thank you!
Please be the Republican of integrity, morals & 4 America.Stop this fiasco of insanity, lies, & propaganda.Please protect this country. HELP
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Great. Hope you can work it into your schedule to address why 2/3 of Navy Aircraft are grounded. http://www.defensenews.com/articles/grounded-nearly-two-thirds-of-us-navys-strike-fighters-cant-fly …
- you JM need to STAND up for pilots and their concerns and needs !
Please do us real patriots a fave and resign
Suggestion, get rid of your president and his oligarchy....they are an active threat to our national security.
No to $15+b for border wall!
Bravo Senator! Please keep up the good fight against Trump and his ilk.
it is surely time for you to retire as you are the bitter jealous poster boy for term limits your a the definition of a RINO

Build the wall Johnny, or get out of the way
5 TO 6 YEARS IS,   UNACCEPTABLE
NAV PILOTS SAFETY
WHEN IS IT GOING TO HAPPEN???
DON'T FORGET TO 
INDICT RICE
Please stop the wall.  It is not needed and very expensive.
... NO WALL.  waste of money, resources and solves nothing!
Going to work today. Maybe support administration or not
Retire please or support your party and potus
Vote NO on the nuclear option, John- it's bad for our country and you know it. And it may well bite you in the a$$ in '18.
The biggest threat today is the #StolenSeat - please do the right thing and #StopGorsuch
Senator McCain--our biggest homeland security is Trump, Tillerson, Flynn, Devos...Putin is at our door.  We will be gassed next.
VOTE NO ON NUCLEAR OPTION. NO ON RULES CHANGE. YES TO CONSTITUTION
Public Safety, Sir, would be to end trump's reign. Watching your Party implode must be very upsetting. It needs a leader! Any ideas?
Maybe u can tell Kelly separating mothers and kids is cruel and inhumane.
May be you want to hear American who lost their loved ones because of illegal criminals immigrants which they thrived in lawlessness cities!
Enough with US citizens privacy violations at border. We are better than than that. 
Why is the son-on-law representing the government anywhere? What is his authority? What is his training? Is Trump bypassing Congress?
Just shut up
Bless you, Sir. Thank you for your commitment.
Oh please, you know and I know this is such a sideshow. We won't have a homeland to protect w/ this @POTUS, have a backbone and check him!
At least you don't have to be in the same room with the clinically insane Jackass of Darkness.
Please protect Americans from having billions spent on an ineffective wall!
Have no fear McCain, Trump is taking care of our safety. You're just a career politician #draintheswamp #MAGA #retiremccain
Please... get that man out of the White House.
Please make sure that the improvements don't include a very expensive and useless wall. Thanks!
Meanwhile, the person fighting for our democracy is on the Senate Floor and has been for nearly 15 hours!
JUST PLAIN "B.S."
Stand up like Merkley has- you are TEARING THIS COUNTRY APART BY YOUR INACTION.
We want independent investigation.. He is a disgrace to the inited states.. Has nothing to do with rep/Democrat.. Has to do with humans
Stand up for America ! We need common sense leaders .
Good Wednesday Morning, Sen. John McCain,The McCain Family
You can always suggest making the "walk" 20 feet higher Senator!
Appalled about trump and syria this is inhuman just like the whole administration
How is it trumps fault? The pb in Syria arose during obamas admin.Trump has been in power 70 plus days.It's easy to blame him for everything
We can't even guarantee our President and his administration security! Better build a wall in Oval Office, too!
Can't we just start there and call it a day?
worry about gun safety, native-born terrorists.   Stop the immigrant blame game.
