Just what we need is a newspaper & you telling us what we need to do! Your all jokes !

Kim Beazley: The interpretation that the Americans have of their second amendment is complete craven rubbish. MORE: http://bit.ly/2xaJSVH  

Since 1998, the NRA has donated $3,555,194 to current members of Congress. Find out here who has received donations. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/ …
Stop praying and start acting

I pray that our reps will grow a backbone, stand up to the NRA, pass meaningful gun control, and make our country safe again.
Work more read less John.  Get something none for a change.
I'm praying someone in Congress tries to make it harder for people to have access to assault weapons, place restrictions on who and how many guns someone can own.
We can pray, but we can also pass legislation in order to prevent this from happening again. Just saying.

It's a win, win for the NRA! Shooter bought guns, killed 59 & will trigger more people 2 buy more guns! GOP in bed with NRA $ over our lives
$7,740,521 from the N.R.A.
Prayer is good, but nowhere near enough. I'm tired of all politicians beating their chest in sorrow. Be a leader. Do something!
Isn’t it time for discussion on reasonable gun control laws? Surely there is more we can do as a nation to protect safety of the innocent
I don't want to pray anymore, I want guns off the streets.  Lets live in a civilized society like Australia.
How you should cause you sure don't speak for us in Arizona any longer. We here in AZ pray for all the victims please don't tarnish us

idiot, ban the gun is the best prey.
I pray atheists takes over all branches of govt
you should not at all. you should be ashamed!
We should pray for Gods forgiveness for letting this happen.

Wouldn't read anything you recommend John. Got any extra money to help pay my insurance co-pays next year. They're doubling.
How we should pray is less crucial than the fact that we
@SenJohnMcCain you helped heath care, we need u 2 stand up to the @NRA
A good legislature behind those priers it's what god wants,God don't protect stupid people when there is a solution.

Anyone notice mccain found God since his tumor?
Prayer isn’t the answer;  gun control is!
Has praying worked so far?  Let's get real and take legislative action...I'll pray for you to do that.
No praying will fix this. Prayer is what we turn to when we are helpless & unable to influence change . Action by Congress is only solution
You can keep your prayers. We'd like to see action so that people can enjoy the freedom of living without fear of being gunned down
If you truly believe in God, you know He gave you your position for a reason.  Pray, yes, but also LEGISLATE.  #GunControlNow
Perhaps; not saying he’s ordained of God, but he’s allowed his position under God’s authority, and will answer to Him alone.
Here's how I pray: Dear God: Please let Republicans wake up, develop some compassion, grow some balls and do something about guns.
Just like we did before Las Vegas. Trust in God.
Why don't you try legislating. Your party just allowed mentally ill people to buy guns. Give back the NRA money and do YOUR job.
Those who pick and choose what part of the Constitution they legislate away loose their freedoms tomorrow. RETIRE Brutus
Save your prayers! You saved lives with ending the repeal of the health care bill. Now save lives from gun violence!
What substantive action are your prepared to support on the issue of mass shootings?
Prayer does nothing, tomorrow there will be a mass shooting u don't even hear about. U in charge, do something.
Senator McCain prayer is not working. I voted for you to make good decisions. Now it's time for you and the heads to control the guns. Now.
Prayers do heal but only safe gun laws will prevent further massacres.Semi auto weapons not for protection/hunting but designed to kill many
Enough of the praying and do something real.  COMMON SENSE GUN LAWS
Prayer is powerful but faith w/o works is dead.  So do we change the laws or just pray?
How we should pray? Pray while you're moving, People! Get to work! Help your community!
Action, not praying is what we need.
Prayers my ass.
That is nice but WE NEED MORE GUN REGULATIONS & NEED THE ONES IN PLACE RE-ENFORCED!!!  PLEASE!!!!
Faith without works is dead. What are YOU going to do to prevent mass shootings in America?
"Dear God, please make Congress get off their collective asses and actually DO something about the out of control gun situation in the USA"
No one should tell anyone else "how to pray", praying is a private matter between a person and their higher power.
Might be better to enact tougher gun control legislation. God does not seem to give a shit about stopping massacres.
Action! Prayers and thoughts have become worthless.
Please lead the fight on responsible gun control legislation. Start with banning silencers this week.
You should pray your congressmen and senators get off their asses.
From the horror of this act, make it your legacy to finally enact stricter gun control legislation. Please, Sir.
I’ll tell you what I’m praying for: gun control legislation NOW! This is a stupid article and you are ridiculous for posting it.
Should pray that politicians more worried about reelection than the citizens stop taking NRA campaign contributions.
Sen. Where is your comment about gun control? You have been VERY vocal about all other current events!!!??
We should pray to god to guide us in coming together to implement common sense gun laws.  An individual should not be able to own 17 guns.  Do something!
We should pray about passing laws so we can stop this crap
Here's a better prayer @SenJohnMcCain . "Turn my paralysis into the freedom to act"
Veterans died while at a concert on American soil. The @nra has created a war zone at home. DO SOMETHING.
I pray that my government would serve the people not special interests. My son shouldn’t fear going to a concert. @NRA
You know what God gave us? Free will. You could stem the deaths, pass gun reform. God doesn’t want his people murdered. #GunControlNow
Yes it's ok to pray but we need action! A stricter gun law ! And healthcare for mentally ill ! We can pray but it will happen again !
Pray? My ass! #RiseUP #Resist #Vote Out The Do Nothing #GOP #Congress In #2018! #Enough #Resistance #DumpTrump #SandyHook #Newtown
We need you to fix this. James 4:17 If anyone knows the good they ought to do and doesn’t do it, it is sin for them. #CommonSenseGunControl
Politicians out of the NRA's pocket and actually enact SENSIBLE gun laws. I AM a gun owner that understands the 2nd but u need to act. Stand
2/not enough 2 make us #takeAknee-will HATE force us all 2 our knees?!
1/Day after day horror after horror-we dont have time 2 recover or heal-Hate & indifference are out of control-If the suffering of others is
No.that doesn't work
If you feel so inclined go ahead and Pray..BUT ONLY AFTER YOU DO SOMETHING TO PREVENT THIS AGAIN. FIGHT THE GUN COMPANIES &HELP AMERICANS!
I pray for you Mr. Mc Cain. May god forgive you for letting mentally ill people carry weapons 
What folks should B praying 4 is our elected officials 2 protect our families from being massacred by enacting sensible gun ownership laws
Don’t need advice from WaPo for anything.
Standby, is this now normal? How will we pray when there are 2, 3, 4 shooters at once in hotel windows? It's a "logical" progression !
@mjgerson is part of the group of neocon morons that have caused tremendous suffering in the world. He and his ilk have gotten thousands of American troops killed. He's the last guy anyone should look to in a tragedy.
Christ calls us to action beyond prayer.  Continuing to allow the nra to dictate gun laws makes some who offer prayers.... hollow.
With all due respect I’m sick of hearing from the GOP that your thoughts & prayers are with the victims! We need legislation not prayers!
Can someone start another gun rights group that competes with the NRA? One for responsible gun ownership?
Hmmm... I don’t know but maybe trying the scripture would be the best place...
I'll pray that no member of Congress takes money from the NRA!
By passing strict gun control laws
You have to have a heart to pray!
I pray that our leaders of the country of the free and the brave are brave to turn away from falsehoods of NRA and make us free to assemble
Only prayer I have is that you as a lawmaker decide that protecting people from guns is more important than getting money from the NRA
Dear @SenJohnMcCain we love you @kelliwardaz does too. But we all are all tired of your K-Street bullshit. Retire. We will still love you.
Me with cancer here in @CochiseCounty #Arizona
It's not about guns. It's about sin. @KayaJones knows I'm no a crazy nut. I am crazy but not a nut.
Just too tired of the political bullshit. @cjones knows I haven't done laundry in a year so so my shit stinks too.
But it's really, really okay.
google the rock band @KansasBand "Magnum Opus" Yes this is me.
Ask @RealRomaDowney ask anyone who knows me @jacivelasquez anyone this was why we love you so much http://youtube.com/watch?v=rmOJCRzXEcQ …
I pray you and your republican colleagues find the courage to change gun laws and make it safer for all of us to live in this country
We don’t need prayers. We need Congressmen/women to get a spine & stand against the NRA. This is no longer about 2A. It’s irresponsible.
I would classify that as a meaningless crock of shit, rather than a must-read. DO SOMETHING!!!!
Please do not vote for gun silencers.Bless you
Thank you

There is isolation from mass shootings every day in other countries. It is time to grow up.
@realDonaldTrump @gop #TakeAKnee @ChrisMurphyCT Dear Hate ##LovesGonnaConquerAll
Thank you for sharing this article. 
#TakeActionOrSTFU
Save your prayers and DO SOMETHING.
Praying is not going to fix this-Neither is God. How many times must this happen before you stop listening to the Gun lobbyists?
God isn't fixing this for us. This is our own doing.
Prayer doesn't do a damn thing. Gun control legislation would.
Our actions are our prayers.
Senator McCain let us pray for a Congress that has the balls to stand up to the NRA
Return all NRA political contributions
It is blood money
Is praying going to keep guns away from crazies? I’d feel better with common sense gun laws. The NRA owns you.
Please use this time to craft and pass common sense gun laws.
That was not a "must-read".  We need less prayer in Washington and more action. #GunControlNow
I won't pray to an entity that allows this and worse things to happen  And I won't pray to a fable. I am sad, we must enjoy what we have
But it seems like religious zealot Pat Robertson has it all figured out for us...
We can start by bring prayer back to schools and public squares
Prayers are all well and good, but let’s start praying and voting for real common sense law and just take these F’N weapons off the streets
Praying will not resolve our nation's problem. God cannot remove these weapons from the hands of people down here on earth. Congress must.
Paddock was ANTIFA and a never Trump LEFTIST. This was planned so he could martyr himself for gun control increases.
say amen, then vote out the soulless bastards who repeatedly pass legislation easing gun laws.
Senator, we allow our citizens weapons of war. There is enough tragedy and grief in the world without gun violence. Please do something.

Republican lawmakers only offer ‘thoughts and prayers’ after mass shootings because the NRA offers them money 
We know how to pray, we've done it enough we're all professionals! What we need is action from those we elected!
Seriously John? Pray? No thanks. Fix the political system so the likes of #NRA can't control congress.
Keep praying buddy, for maybe some politicians might take notice and finally do something. Oh wait...
Don't pray, act. Any number of reasonable gun control provisions could have prevented this without stepping on law abiding citizens' rights.
What about gun reforms?
We should not pray, but have sensible guns laws and have less Congress ppl take money from gun lobbyists
pray hell, vote out politicians in the NRA pocketbook
We should pray that Congress admits that weapons of war do not belong in the hands of sole civilians

I know there is alot going on..can you post the list of congressmen you are talking to about gun control?? Asking for a fed up country
All of us out here living this nightmare, unprotected by walls and fences are way ahead of you, Sir. We pray, supplicate, dont need teaching
We should pray, yes! Words are meaningless unless accompanied by action. #GunReformNow
Republicans can’t win without nra money
Ever hear the expression "God helps those who help themselves"? It's time for that. Enact responsible gun regulations.
Resign
....how's this...that Congress acts!
Utter copout. We don't elect our officials to pray for us. We have spiritual leaders for that. Or we don't. Your role is to protect
Prayers are not working! People continue to die! We need gun control now!
#EnoughIsEnough #GunLawReform now. Stop the bleeding.
Better yet... stop taking money from the NRA and you won't be owned by them
Nice but senator we need much more than prayers! We need action in the form of gun laws that will restrict to prevent the next shooting.
stop praying and start doing something to prevent this!!!!
THE HELL WITH PRAYING! STAND UP TO THE NRA! YOU KNOW IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO. BAN ASSAULT RIFLES AGAIN!
if there is a god, he’s an absentee landlord....the carnage will continue unless we get off our asses and do something about it ....
First of all, you must think why your society decay so much.
We pray that Dems and Reps stop taking money from the NRA & start protecting American with real gun control laws, Its Time to Get Right John
Prayers are great but implementing GUN LAWS will SAVE lives. LETS PRAY OUR SENATORS COME TOGETHER AND MAKE THE NECESSARY CHANGES!
Pray? Get out of bed with the NRA!!!
That’s not enough. We must change our laws. When will You do the right thing? Be a public servant & do what’s right for society not the NRA
You're not going to tell me how to pray to.
You have been doing good lately but we need you to fight to get these weapons out of our country. No one needs to own military style weapons
Yes, but prayers do not solve the shootings 100% but solution is ACTION by changing gun law. Simple! Plm is GOP leaders keep ignoring us.
Talking to the air of a god that saves ONLY after death is a ridiculous exercise in bullshit. ACTION is needed and CONGRESS must do it.
How about doing something?
You should pray that you will be able to dodge blame for blocking sensible gun control for a living.
We need more than prayers, Senator. You were right about health care. Now do the right thing on gun control.
Praying is a lost cause and huge waste of time it does absolutely nothing and has done nothing ever. Wishing on a star is as useless #think
Tell your Democratic buddies to stop politicizing! 2nd Amendment is our right! Too bad we don't address mental health.
I suppose some people need to be told by another person how to pray, but I think it would've been better titled, what to pray for.
You can't regulate evil.
Prayers need to be supported by Real ACTION.
praying doesn't help
Prayers are not the answer now, gun control laws work all over the world,  let's do something now before the next time
it's a nice read, but "thoughts and prayers" without actions mean the US is simply marking time 'til the next mass shooting.

How about if we pray for the sanity of reasonable gun law reform?
Gun reform! Please John you must help.
Me to myself: hey that's a good article. John McCain twitter: must-read. #everytime
Perhaps, sir, you should not vote for legislation that allows the mentally ill to buy guns.  Faith without works means nothing.
How about taking action on gun control?
Pray that you and your colleagues find the wisdom, compassion, and courage to stare a national gun crisis in the face and work for change.
-like pray for people that vote against gun control cause they take $ from NRA?
Sir, you still have time to talk common sense gun control in this country, please I beg you.
YOU ARE COMPLICIT Sir.  Please reflect. Do you want to leave this Earth with this lind of blood on ur hands?! Please sir, please.
If you want to pray, pray for gun control. Better yet ACT to restrict gun ownership. I
Wonderful sentiments, but when will @GOP lawmakers finally put human lives above their self-interests and stop being beholden to the @NRA? 
Never. Not ever.
John, I pray you retire. You ran on repeal and screwed us over. AZ is the leading corrupted VA..why didn't you stop it?
Because he put Country over party affiliation. As it should be.
Be more productive in your life: Don't.
We need GUN CONTROL NOW
Pray? Why don't you actually do something that will help? Stop taking $$ from @NRA & pass laws to make this impossible from happening again.
We should pray that @gop "leaders" free themselves from their @nra puppet master's strings & FINALLY take action on sensible gun control!
I'd like to request that you be the "American hero" you're billed as and call for gun control.
Yes!!!!
How about sensible gun control.Congress must stop being in nra pocket. Disgusted
I read the entire article thinking it would call for action, but it called for prayer. Are you kidding me? How many more mass shootings?
Until you decide it's time to act? You only have one life to live. Protect us, don't let the NRA buy you
Yeah..that will help lol..
Any prayers for the damage you have done to the country?
We need prayers AND action with gun control. Without it, we're essentially wishing the problem will go away. American deserve better
Change the gun laws instead - it does more than thoughts and prayers.
Which does literally nothing.
