Your wealth protects your daughter from the unaffordable, lousy Obamacare the middle class has to depend on.
He's on Obamacare insurance. If yours sucks, you must be in a state with republican governor and legislature
You cannot get into the Mayo Clinic under Obamacare. He's rich. It comes out of his pocket from Soros and other corrupt donors.
Yes, you can.
No you can't. Even the worse doctors aren't accepting Obamacare.
I have *been treated at the Mayo Clinic* paid for with my ACA insurance. You are simply wrong, all politics aside.
Then you must be the luckiest woman. I'm happy for you. Seriously.
Not to disagree that wealth and access are an issue -- ppl with a lot of money have access to far superior care, under any insurance system
Bet you have great healthcare. Screw us!
Guess what? He's on Obamacare insurance through the exchange markets. And it IS great health care.
Obama Care guess again Mayo Clinic???
Please, please, PLEASE look it up yourself. You can do it. All senators are on Obamacare insurance.
Senators are required by law to use Obamacare
No. They. Aren't.
Legislation passed in 2014
Dear Senator: wonderful that you feel well enough for a hike! You sealed your legacy by voting no to that horrible piece of legis. Thank you
Thank you Senator for being a MAN with a heart, and a backbone. You don't serve TRUMP'S agenda, but the Awesome citizens of Arizona.
A BACKBONE is voting your choice. Senator McCain voted for ARIZONA, NOT the Trump's agenda NOR the Republican party. LEADER, not a follower.
So Mr Ghost you think it's "an educated decision" 4 you to support a man who's inciting hatred bc of religion ethnicity? HATE IS a disease.
Good morning Susan!
Good morning back to you! 
How are things in New York? Are you in the city?
#Traitors are just that

TRAITORS https://twitter.com/seanmdav/status/890960831533527041 …

#SlitherBackUnderYourRock
@SenJohnMcCain
@SenatorCollins
@lisamurkowski

They don't care if #OBAMAcare is #repeal'd or not

IT doesn't affect them

#DrainTheSwamp
I was looking for some intelligence in theese 3 &I went blind in 1eye ?
ALL you had to do IS look at TRUMP and that would've done the JOB.
All you&12followers need do, is slip over any border to a socialist country,no one would care or notice!Your tweets demand such performance
Blah blah blah.
This is really unacceptable.This man is a war hero and has dedicated his life to public service. If you don't like his views run against him
Last spring - I was at cottonwood Jerome - somebody didn't Like my vacation photos? & nor did kolt country radio - now I'm not there -
Enjoy!!!  Well deserved, sir.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for protecting health care for the AMerican people!! Godspeed to your recovery.
You get yours free, dont you?
McCain doesn't pay for it.
I do.
You're welcome.
John will do anything to mess our prez.  Shame 
John
"Our President" is making a mess all by himself and his twitter account. #erraticfool
He's bought and paid for!
#JustSaying
But Republicans still claim they have the Senate majority. Add Murkowski & Collins to this traitor list & Dems are in control vs @POTUS.
Thankyou from #Canada for supporting Country before political party.
Fix your country.
Fix WHAT-Canada has their shit together on healthcare,they have the system WE should have.
B-i-l lives in Canada. Has waited 8 months and still no appt for his COPD. His wife has issues and has waited over a yr. #shitnottogether
Go on believing whatever deluded "socialist" crap you politically want/need to believe and stay the hell out of Canada.  We wait years.
 Much deserved! Enjoy! 
It is wonderful to see you with your daughter. For her sake and ours we need you
more than ever. God Bless
Yes im battling Bone cancer no cure and No medical ...Happy for you.
This is exactly what came to my mind when i saw you vote. Wow shocked. Who are you?
#JohnthumbsdownMcCain 
You have no shame. Voted to repeal for 7 years then voted no. Liar. #trump2020 #deepstatemccain
Hmmm - gifs is only rainbow colors squares n rectangles now ?
Don't come back to D.C.
Keeping you and your family in our prayers!
What a life.  Cadillac health care provided by the American ppl.  While he screws US!
Thank you for all you have done for us all our boomer years. USS Ranger CVA 63 1967-68
Hull number was 61 - not 63
Is that a Muslim hijab you are wearing?
I thought the same thing
My best wishes, get well soon. 
I was always a supporter but I can't believe you voted to keep obamacare.

Perhaps John has evolved. Once you meet a transgender person your perspective can change.
1/2 The only thing that has evolved with this snake are his methods of back stabbing American citizens. His time is coming. FusionGPS proven
2/2 to have Russian ties to the fake dossier. Guess who handed that dossier to the FBI? Johnny knows the jig is up. MSM silent on Russia now
Who says it's FAKE-Fox News?No one has shown that dossier to be "fake",we don't KNOW if its true yet or not.
Poor guy. You're late to the party. Missed that Fusion GPS testimony Thursday? Enjoy this Mic Drop by SHS
TRAITOR!!! Songbird McCain. Mad they shut down your siphoning of weapons to the enemy? You may fool some, but don't fool those in the know.

Be glad you don't have obamacare you traitor
#Thank You #Hero 
Thank you senator mccain... Thank you for standing up for us...
Good, so RETIRE and do the country a favor! Then you can do things like this with your family whenever you like!!
I think you forgot to share your sympathies about his diagnosis.
My sympathies were saying, then he can enjoy doing that stuff for this family whenever you wanted!!
That's enough.
You have many titles and honors, but nothing more precious than fathers and daughters.
I love it in Arizona! My parents lived in Sedona for many years. I miss visiting, and not the least the great weather!
Yes Meghan, I have decided not to disappoint Chucky, so I'm going back to the chamber and F%#k the American People.
God bless @SenJohnMcCain here is to kicking Cancers ass! You're an American Warrior. I will continue to pray for you and your family! 
oh yea I just love the ISIS garb....  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twenty-fifth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution …
Thank You For Voting No On The Heath Care Bill. It Takes Courage To Stand Up For What Is Right. I'm Praying For You 
Please look into immune therapy this is what cured President Carter. Please get more than one opinion.
Hugs to you @SenJohnMcCain.  Take some well-deserved time off.  My God bless you now and forever.
☆@SenJohnMcCain @yashar @MeghanMcCain ☆ I cried when I saw the second-bravest act in your life. You're even winning over dems. A Good Man.☆
Be careful of rattlesnakes up there. They are dangerous and evil just like the two of you.
God bless!  Get well soon Sen McCain! In my prayers!!
Sen. McCain, I wish you the best in your recovery.  Take this time to care for yourself and be w/ family
#Wishing you all the best Senator McCain! 

 I Been BLOCKED by John McCains Daughter! Tell your daddy to call me girl. I just wanted you to tell your daddy to stop being messy! 
At least they got your good angles. Just walk off into the distance with your tail between your legs, you fuct us all you loser.

Why did you block @w_terrence? Why are you so racist?
 I Been BLOCKED by John McCains Daughter! Tell your daddy to call me girl. I just wanted you to tell your daddy to stop being messy! 

It's a desert, John.
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you sir. Thank you very much.
That's a "dope" hat.
Enjoy your time together.
@nathanmlane just imagine being the mayor of cornville
#PoliticiansGetFreeHealthCare4LIFE @TaxPayersExpense #endTRUMPTYRANNY

Be well sir
Keep at it, Senator. My grandmother beat breast cancer at 87 yo. She was a lifelong Democrat, but I know you can do it too! ;-)
Looks peaceful. I want to do this with my daughter someday.
Small moments mean the most!
You once fought against Obamacare. Where's the fight now? You're no longer representing the desires of the people.
Please help @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
How about staying in dc to work on health care...
You are one of the few GOP candidates I would vote for. Lots to disagree on, but I respect you as a principled leader. Thank you.
Hey Sen McCain, no tweet about the fire that happened 50 years ago yesterday on the USS Forrestal?
Drop dead .
Starting to dress like a Muslim? You sent enough money to them.    #isis #tratior #songbird
So glad you have such great healthcare. While you get the best treatment,  we regular people lose ours or can't make the mo. payment & drop
Democrat operatives
You're a phony
Best wishes for your therapy and a full recovery. Please compnsider adding Cannabis Oil.
Taking it all in after your dad lied, then forced obamacare on the American people proving what we knew all along. You and your dad are fake
Cornville is beautiful! To bad they to will be hit with skyrocketing ACA premiums this rural community desperately needs repeal you promised
Our hearts, our thoughts & prayers go out to you Sen John McCain. May God always be with you.
Must be nice being able to enjoy life, not worrying about paying for your healthcare.
You have a deal @ $733.  We pay $2400/ mo for 2 of us with $3500 deductibles.  Then let's add the addition tax we pay for Obamacare! 
My deductible is 10k. He screwed us all because Trump pissed him off. He is the scum of the swamp.
Don't you feel terrible enjoying gold plated healthcare while forcing Obamacare on us?  #traitor
Thanks Mr McCain, you have lost all the respect I had for you for all these years

I used to respect you like a war hero. Now I'm disgusted to have you claiming to be a republican!  Guess the songbird has no morals. 
Self-aggrandizing American traitors. Old Songbird McCain
You know they have laws in
Calfiorina you can end Americans
Suffering it's legal no worries
Did you apologize to her for stealing her career. she can never call the clintons liars and hypocrits good job for making her like Chelsea.
It must be nice to enjoy a walk because you have healthcare lol
You might want to THINK about Meghan having to carry on in her career while you sabotage your own party. You're making it very hard for her
She's great... You Benedict Arnold need to retire.  The world will do just fine with out your leadership.
Senator, your vote against the Skinny Repeal demonstrates you don't have the good sense and the character Meghan displays on TV every day.
Stay well.
Much respect for your dad. He's a real hero in my eyes. And I'm a dem
Thank you John McCain
I'm going to attribute this tweet to your weakened state. Anything so arrogantly "in your face" after your pettiness this week? #slapinface
Enjoy and hope you well but still think you were wrong on your vote.
Don't die until you publicly rebuke @GOP @SenMajLdr and @potus more. The thumbs down was a great start
By the looks of this pic, you have crossed over to joining the Arab nation. No wonder you are crushing our US might.
u have been riding on the coat tail of being a war hero for too long, u stabbed taxpayers in the back, coward @MeghanMcCain
Awesome senator hero!!! 
enjoy OBAMACARE ur dad loves it so much i cant wait to hear u on #outnumbered saying how much u hate OCARE @HARRISFAULKNER @dagenmcdowell
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"
Why do you want Obamacare to continue?
Too bad you didn't trip!
Please direct the narrative of a new Healthcare bill.  Work your staff twice as hard as ever. It needs to happen now.  Praying 4 u! Jason J.
Behold,t/ senator from AZ,state w/highest%increase in Obamacare,votes not to fix the problem. INEPT LOSER.
Whatcha out for rattlers
While American people are suffering because of you coward John!
You need to resign your too old to be a senator enough is enough
Glad you are feeling better sir.Please think on the fact that U R voting on millions of Americans to NOT have the health care that helps you
Beautiful photo Senator McCain!  Sending prayers for your health & wellness. God bless you & your loved ones. 
Hi !Good Luck
We're with you in spirit. Gorgeous country!
Feel free to get lost in the woods...forever. Heard your traitorous confession in Vietnam this morning. You never stop being a democrat.
Enjoy your time on this beautiful Earth with your family and friends, sir. That's what life is all about.
Retire rhino your head is not in the right place!
Father/daughter time is the best!  I loved hiking with my dad and this post brought back great memories.  Thanks!  
Good you should stay there and enjoy what you have earned off the people you betray #corkedpolitician
Hey John how does it feel to have your own tactics used against you? Bravo Rand Paul for NDAA move.
No one cares. Go take a hike out of politics. No respect for you anymore. Yes, I know you don't care.
You have LIED and BETRAYED Americans.
Thx again for your service John.
Love this photo  A quiet moment with her Daddy, precious....
We don't care!  We just want u gone, dead or otherwise, u #Traitorous F*ck!
God has already dealt you your punishment for your deception to the American People. Everybody knows this was payback to the President
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your no vote on trumpcare, protecting access for me and millions of other Americans.
Get your ASS back to work. Millions of Americans are affected by ODUMBER CARE and you are out hiking??? You will be fired in 2018.
we don't care. #TraitorMcCain.
That's awesome! You should stay there @SenJohnMcCain. #TermLimits
Would really thank @MeghanMcCain if she pushed your old traitorous self off a cliff.
Is there actually corn there?
Good for you!! Hope you are feeling better !
WTF
You belong in the Demoncrat party.  Please change.
@SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain
Can you honestly say you did not pay for scandalous russian dossier?
Booooooooooo to you mccain. Nice job screwing over the hard working  people that elected you.
RETIRE TRAITOR! It is not only about you, it is about the US families paying through their nose your friends in the insurance industry
How nice for you after destroying other people's hope for healthcare An how you can go to Mayo over VA awful in your state No Conscience
Bet that couple in New York wish they could still enjoy hiking huh John.
U GET 2LIVE GOOD LIFE WHILE WE HAVE NO INS GFUS
TRAITOR MCCAIN EXPOSED overheard saying “Let’s see Donald #MAGA now”
as good as it gets
Call jimmy carter he can give u good treatment advice
Get a little closer to the edge pls! @TEN_GOP
Enjoy your elitist hiking while the American People live under the misery of Obamacare because of http://you.Support  @realDonaldTrump
Your legacy is one of hugging @SenFeinstein and laughing with @SenSchumer before your cowardly vote. You are the epitome of the swamp.
Time to resign Senator. You are out of touch with your own constituents.
Americans want freedom from the tiranical Obamacare, save them John McCain.
Must be nice to go hiking while your constituents have to work their asses off to pay for Obamacare! Stop treating us like POW's
Did you do any #BirdWatching along the way @realDonaldTrump was correct in saying you were no #hero #resign @SenateGOP
Arizona is beautiful
You, however, are a POS
ENJOY EVERY SINGLE MOMENT, YOU ARE MUCH ADMIRED AND VERY LOVED. TAKE CARE OF YOU !!!!!!!
Now fly off song bird
Traitor
Get well soon Senator
Heroes need time off too. Thank you for your vote of conscience. You, @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins deserve the next PIC award.
Get well soon! The USA need you!
He's most likely on Medicare. Good senior healthcare.

Is that a hijab you're wearing?
walk right off that cliff
I want a recall
'A fish rots from the head down.'
#resign no one respects you @POTUS was correct you are no #WarHero you're a #fraud
You're the perfect reason WHY no one in Congress should be exempt from the healthcare you shove down American's throats!
