The Bush Family Are Globalists and Criminals Wake Up America Our Government  Has been Screwing Us Over
And Destroy Our Country Trump is Fighting to Save this Country The Liberals/Globalists/Dems Work Against
The People for Their Own Prosperity They Start Wars to Fill Their Pockets They Seek War w Russia Wake Up!!
@CNBC...Thank you for posting that Sen. McCain..and YOU, Please keep up the fight for American Values.!!
out of touch,term limits!
I will serve you for ever and am keen to serve the Central command and the Senate
,I know you are caring for me a lot and you have me in you're prayers though am weak . Mum still in doors
, Fellow Republicans I know you am living you're families,be  Sweden is home of world thus call 4 yrrescue
, sabotage, I meant am leaving with yr families&Sweden is home of nations reasons as why I call for rescue
No one wants your prayers. Go visit a cemetery and take a permanent nap you war mongering jackal.
, And our parent Christine is the one who recruited me in the Republicans through Sec Perez .
When I voted for you, i hoped you would unite GOP w Trump but you are still play politics..its ashame!
McCain always speaks his own mind. GOP unity has never been his main concern which is why he's unpopular with party insiders.
time for a new senator from Arizona. @SenJohnMcCain has been in office long enough #change #newideas #nomore
Try convincing the people of Arizona who just returned him to the Senate for 6 more years.
sad can't think independently but have time to attend a protest. Get jobs hippies.
Support our president. Or we will kick you out!
How dare you threaten McCain after all he has done for our country! SHAME ON YOU!
McCain is a coward!
I dare you to readALL of this:
Why don't read it to your children. McCain doesn't respect will of the ppl.
your fellow NWO globalist buddy... brings tears to my eyes
dear John theirs a great music montage to all the American soldiers yourself and the bushes sent to die so
you could be rich -it's called in the arms of an angel perhaps you should see it all the grieving families
before going on with your Russian war mongering propaganda bullshit
U ALL Nd to help us.I'm a democrat, don't always agree w policy-but this Admin & the clown in charge. HELP
have u lost ur mind? quit opposing our President, dont b a fool
Hop, he is NOT a fool nor should you tell him to sell his soul to Trump! https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/a-clarifying-moment-in-american-history/514868/ … <read this!
jeremiah 5:21
John take off the Republican face and put on your real Democratic face on please.
This 4 the man who gave us 9/11? And you oppose Trump? Wake up!
vote NO on Sessions!
, Am Republican Democrat .
B/c his first action will be to squash the FBI investigation of the Trump&Co Russian connection......
someone need 2 get DT Taxes it holds the secret he has not exposed them it will expose him
is he Senior bush ?
hope he goes to super bowl!
Start getting with the program, you are starting to look and sound insane. Come together or back out and retire NOW!
, Senator McCain and my majesty President Bush and my Anne , Babra. We communicated in Rwanda
You fought in Vietnam to save our democracy. I ask you to fight again sir.
plz no Sessions stand 2gether u see where this country is headed ban on Muslims ties w Russia
for Russia and Exxon at expense of Ukraine, NATO and USA. Also please fight against Sessions nomination...
Sen. McCain I ask that you block the Tillerson nomination b/c removing Ukraine sanctions is only good.....
he's a jerk!
SenMcCain:We need you to be honorable&do the right thing for the right reasons.Pls stand up to the madness in the WH.Few have you strength.
so happy to see this and Not so happy to see people in every airport
Plz vote no on sessions. Was on trump campaign; not independent; tied to russia!
Donald Trump is literally destroying US's constitution & what vets like @SenJohnMcCain fought 2 protect.  @GeorgeHWBush & GOP... 1/3
@ABC
2/3 allowed this to happen thru silence bc Republicans winning > important than what's right. #SallyYates
@SenJohnMcCain @GeorgeHWBush @ABC
3/3 GOPs like @SenJohnMcCain @GeorgeHWBush helped Donald Trump succeed where terrorists failed - divide USA & destroy us fr w/in #SallyYates
PLEASE stand up against Tillerson! We need you! Vote no please
One of them was a MODERATOR.  Can Bannon legally hire Russian propagandists now?  2/2
Please get out of the way - your are an embarrassment and a traitor - support the party and the President
I was just chatting for an hour IN RUSSIAN with trolls on Brietbart News pretending to be Trump supporters.  1/2
I beg you to STOP DONALD TRUMP.  If you do, I will turn Republican and vote for YOU.  You have integrity.
You lost presidental bid because of your Gang of 8 immigration positions. You need to stand down, stop acting like a fool.
May GOD bless them both with a long and a very healthy life.Amen!
Defend the constitution and tell your GOP cronies to stop this lunatic from destroying our country. enough
God bless and best wishes!
Please do not buy into partisan divisiveness on issues and stand up to @POTUS and his un-American EO's #Arizona
A civil war is about to begin now...http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38805944 …
Sir. Enough is enough. We've had enough. Pls don't let the country fall on your watch. Begging you.
I'm sad I voted for you! Here's a chance for the Republicans to get things done and your fighting the whole way! Shame on you
Wonder how he feels about this I see dead people voting, welcome back torture, build a wall, ban Muslims, nutcase president?
How's it working for you?
So are you going to finally impeach the little baby?
PLEASE HELP US! Our country is being taken over by Bannon! Please stop this before it is too late! HELP!!
Your voices are needed more than ever. Politics aside this has to stop. Trump is tearing apart your America.
Sending mine as well!
Please vote against all nominees AND reject Bannon. Please stop him! Gather and stand with ALL R&D!  Stop the evil ensuing!
Thank you for your patriotism in the past and present.
How about you send some prayers for our civil liberties and #stopsessions?
Because the former FirstLady probably wants to make a sign and protest DT's discriminatory immigration EO.
thank you #leadership #EmotionalIntelligence #Wisdom please stay strong your voice matters! we hear you!
the only reason John McCain got tortured was ask because his father was an admiral and they just did it for fun
u have done nothing for yrs. We voted for trump. Get ur act together and work for the people. Trump is pres. not u.
- people. You just like to hear yourself talk. And your big problem is your ignorance - it shows.
- John McCain you are becoming an enemy of the American. You don't care about the security of the American
Please stop this insanity. Speak out. Protect our country.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE do NOT approve Jeff Sessions!
u stand by a man w/ proof he brought young boys into the WH? U r no better
just letting you know. Steve Bannon is probablu gonna put you on a hit list. http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/01/30/steve-bannon-is-making-sure-theres-no-white-house-paper-trail-trump-president/ …
better safe than sorry, but if you say nothing I'm pretty sure he'd have no hesitation sending a drone to your house.
Senator the POTUS is compromised. Investigate the Russian connection before it's too late.
Shame on you McCain! It's time we all got together and supported our new president.  You are an embarrassment to the GOP.
Get well
se
Yes. How nice of you to wish them well.
We need some good news!

@ChiefMuncy @GeorgeHWBush @ABC couldn't agree more Senator
I served 34 yrs. and you are an embarrassment to out nation!
Please block the confirmation of Rex Tillerson
Long-term democrat operative @SenJohnMcCain pretends to care about past Republican President @GeorgeHWBush
#draintheswamp
Now he needs to wheel himself over to the White House and put Trump across his knee.....
<<TRAITOR @GeorgeHWBush @ABC
God  bless them both. Hoping for a speedy recovery and an airplane jump in June!!
The last decent Republican President!  Godspeed sir!
as a moderate voter, I also thought Reagan was great too :
Birds of a Feather....
Does Senator McCain give one damn about the citizens of our country.

dearJohn you are a traitor and should be punished as one.
please continue to stand up to Trump. You may be our last hope.
Please continue what you are doing.  We love it.  #StopPresidentBannon.
It astounds me how chicken shit Republicans are always giving Trump a pass while he plots to take over of America as dictator
how about you do something about the president.
@adam_kels Thank you for your courage and honesty to stand up for America.
Don't let their last years be wasted on worry and divisiveness.  IMPEACH TRUMP!
Rest easy and recover.
So tired of you being opposed to everything POTUS does. You scream for refugees but have no feeling for hungry Americans!
gonna let Trump destroy everything we managed to do since WWll. NATO ? He goes to far, who protects us !
Nice to see them side - by - side.., great people.
From : Canada.
You taking over the @MatureTrumpTwts acct now?
So glad you are both better.
THOSE were HOME GROWN USA Terrorism!GET A CLUE!NOT any from #banned TRUMP countries! BAN Saudi Arabia who did 9/11
McCain, we are counting on you. We are watching and waiting for the real John to be comfortable again.
yes, very glad, take care. Now go save the USA! Arrest bannon
He reportedly throws his shoe at the TV when he sees Trump & calls him an Ass! Get well soon big guy!
Some very good news today!
I hope they are well too. I cannot stomach that they would leave this life seeing America the way it is.
but I hope he gets better x
Putin is to blame?
@DJay1031 @GeorgeHWBush @ABC save us
That man is anything but well John
Nice of you to send a note to the former the Bush's when you aren't stabbing your president in the back.
Great News.
Great news! Best wishes, Mr. President and Mrs. Bush.
I miss the Bush family.
please use the Tom Arnold tapes and save us Mr. McCain.
