Do not fund that fucking Wall!
Fund it....
And charge it to John Molnar
You can take it out of the Taxes that I pay for supporting the Illegals... You can put my name on a section of the wall..
Done!
America would save a few BILLION if we deported illegals.. To keep them out we need a wall.. This country would be able to grow and prosper.
Everyone in this country, other than native Americans, are progeny of immigrants.  All of us. Is it fair to say “No” to others?
Do you think the "Native American " had anything to do with the founding of America ?

https://twitter.com/votevets/status/916099155092582406 … harvey Weinstein @gop  #MAGA
This is NOT something a normal, stable Commander in Chief says, especially in the middle of a nuclear crisis with North Korea. #NOTNORMAL https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/916089355281862656 …
It's about time u got on board for something Sen McCain!
Are any of the House Republicans concerned about treason and Russian control? No?
Nope, and its our fault!
No more stockpiling weopons that are put on hold until WWIII, especially material needed by our active military now.
Speaking of the Budget: Can we count on you to STOP this insanity? Medicare cutbacks and vouchers?
Just wish you cared about the regular folks the way you do about defense & foreigners. Obamacare is killing us & you don't give a damn.
Build the wall.
Does this  budget includes real world financial, medical and other needed support for active military and veterans and their families?
The GOP wants war but with whom, John? Syria? Niger? Yemen? Iran? Afghanistan? North Korea? Spin the GOP wheel. Who is it today?  #NoGOPWar
I agree @SenJohnMcCain & returning the Defense budget to the Clinton era $650B w/ additional $50B to address readiness issues is critical.
Umm...no. #MuchRespect  #JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCountry
DoD does NOT need more money!  They need to stop wasting the money they have!
And 63 Russian agents support him with our life.  Stop your treasonous behavior.
Great to see support restored for Israel & regional allies, John, post #IranDeal hopefully w/ decisive victory.
Who's writing these tweets? We all know McCain is too braindead to form a coherent sentence much less use social media.
John defend us from home grown terrorism by supporting GUN REFORM!
When will you decide that protecting Americans with new gun control laws is worth more than the many millions you except from @NRA ?
Thank you Senator McCain! You are a true American warrior! Our military depends on you! God bless our House of Representatives!
Stop making me hope your healthy cause you seem nice and then pulling jingoistic pointless garbage like this.
Congratulations on D.Backs win! Thought the Rockies were making a winning comeback. Guess I was mistaken. That's baseball!
Who cares what you think!!! I strongly agree you should retire now!!!!!!
Finally the Hawk agrees with something from the new administration.
Well, what are doing will ALL of the legislation in the senate awaiting votes?  Watching them collect dust?  WHAT DO YOU DO????
Sen McCAIN I agree with you on defense budget. But this tax reform on the middle class is APPALLING 
GIVE THE WEALTHY TAX BREAK UBSURD
Yet, you guys can't figure out a way to pay our M&W in uniform a living wage. Meanwhile, weapons makers get #gov handouts. #shameful
Leaker
Support the POTUS on HealthCare, he is already taking care of Military with or without you McCain.
Our military is fighting in Afghanistan for over 16 years, you think it's normal result "Zero" fighting who and for what. do we have a goal.
I think $700 billion is not excessive it's abusive and ridiculous there is something we call moderation.
?... guess you can't bring yourself to linking to POTUS when you can't disagree with him? RETIRE Brutus
POTUS supports military. Time for you to drop the Never Trump attitude and support him. Stop resisting.
Wonderful, but did you forget that you were best friends with the Dems.
Glad to have you back
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Can you work with your fellow GOP to update the IRS calculator so we can model tax changes ourselves? https://www.irs.gov/individuals/irs-withholding-calculator …

evidently they also support this...
The solution to American problems is not purchasing more weapons. It's time to help people and stop the corporate welfare.
Oh my word did Hell finally freeze over that McCain is supporting something for Trump??  Wonder how you will actually vote though.
We need to invest a lot less in the military.  This is where your tribalism leads you astray sadly, Senator.
Yes √
Our military costs more than the next 10 countries COMBINED. You want MORE?  This is about lining the pockets of your donors, not "freedom."
#johnThumbsdownMcCain just retire already. I cant hear you anymore. I dont trust anything that comes from you.
wow, are you going to change your mind again and stab the POTUS IN THE BACK AGAIN
Senators have to speak out about paper towel trump NOT IMPOSING sanctions on Russia. It's two months now senate passed bill!!!!!
Just what do we sanction? Russia is mostly self sufficient! Heres the real collusion !
Sorry, I find 700 billion a disgrace when we got a debt of more than 20 trillion and the infrastructure is collapsing
There's only one reason we're 20 trillion in debt! He tried to destroy this country!
Then now the facts: 
1) Bush added 5 trillion with the wars on credit, which Obama inherited. 
2) By law congress added a lot of debt to 1)
3) There was an economical collapse.
4) With the tax plan and 700 billion added to defense policy Trump is busy to add trillions more 2)

Oh and one more thing during the second election of Obama we had a #Republican led house.
You're all washed up traitor nobody cares what you think
Why don’t you resign you are nothing but a lying liberal democrat
R.H.I.N.O.

Ok comrade!
So indirect your saying Trump is part of the swamp?
Too bad 153 house Republicans don't support the middle class.
Wishing you would have agreed with the #Obamacare Repeal you campaigned on...
You need to go back and get the other brain clot removed John.
