He knows first hand the evilness of Putin.. Do what you can Senator to remove Putin's Puppet from the WH!!
What
Whale horse shit?  WTF is whale horse shit?  Is that a Russian phrase?
Nope
I completely agree...John. He is a hero...like you are!
Ha ha...you are hilarious.
What you consider truth to be...yes.
Can you prove he did???
And MkKain is a swamp dwelling RINO who's time to leave is now.
He's a hero. We need more like him. The Kremlin holds 30+ Ukrainian pol prisoners in Russia now. #LetMyPeopleGo #freesentsov
McCain is NOT a hero, was never a hero and certainly has not been a hero the last 30 yrs. 

Lately he's been an Obstructionist RINO
Kara-Murza is a hero.
McCain is NOT
He is a VAMPIRE, he's trying to steal her virtue
Two courageous fighters for freedom. Classic photo.
I wish I had your healthcare plan
Huh?
Really?????
I think McCain misses his buddy.
Time to go Drain the SWAMP that is YOU
Complete leftist who lies Ukraine and Crimea. Just google Crimea people and Putin, U will see how much they love him, so thankful to him
Putin poisoned him TWICE till his organs failed for speaking out against him, our founders would be disgusted by your UnAmerican comments
Why are you colluding with the Russians? #Liar
Why did Putin poison him twice & he almost died from total organ failure? Because he is fighting for liberty like our founders did
Oh good. A triggered troll 
Sorry if dictators murdering innocent citizens bothers me, but since it's your cup of tea enjoy the plutoniumGoogle it so you get the joke
Good evening John I hope that u & your lovely family had a great day I wish y'all all the best & get well soon! God bless & thx 4 ur service
As you can see, he's loving that OCare.
I can see that :) shout out to @BarackObama @BillClinton for being arguably the best presidents in my time I love y'all thanks 4 doin' u job
I thought he was killed  by Putin twice? lol

I feel sorry for the family in their time of grief! (McCain's)
Retire, thanks for health care vote, yea let's  send more troops in Middle East , been such a good investment
Really??? SMH
Indeed. Boy after being poisoned once I may have chosen a different path. Brave he is.
McCain we wish you would give up the cancer fight, we're tired of your talking and not doing anything worth while for our country.
McCain, now this is something we can believe...at least your not talking
Collusion
Are you really this ignorant? Putin poisened this man because spoke out against him, not once but twice, our founders would be so disgusted
We knew you were connected. Thanks for confirming!
Really????  SMH
Canada loves John McCain!
Please stand firm on HC. #GrahamCassidyUnethical
Unlike you who won't fight for real Americans
Off track still
yes, Senator, and Russians (patriots for the people not for regime) appreciate what he is doing for the future of Great Russia.
What is a bullsh#t you said? Russia is a strong now. About 83% of peoples vote for a Putin! All liberals want to betry Russia and peoples.
Забавно, кто такую армию может воспринимать всерьез. Она сама себя уничтожит.
My dream is to wake up in the morning and recognize we are not over run by political hacks like McCain.  #Defeatenemieswithin!  #NeverMcCain
yes.
So it's RINO McCain who was talking to the Russians!!!
Hey John McCain met with a Russian. Need a special counsel. Where's the MSM?
Really?  SMH
Aren't Russians and Russia our enemy? Does this support of Russians make you a trAitor?
Freedom? you won't honor your promise to repeal Obamacare. Socialism is not freedom Senator McCain.
Omg you colluded with a RUSSIAN
How do you keep getting elected
You'll continue to work with Ukranian neo-Nazis to start another world war.
http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/17/flashback-that-time-mccain-met-and-praised-actual-neo-nazis-in-ukraine/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
McCain you and Elites version of freedom is deception and control, living in fear.
Traitor! !!
One more democratic fool colluding with russia
Basic principles for human rights must be defended, otherwise it's mass destruction
Do you collude with the Russians? No wait, the Ukrainians? RINO RESIGN
I see a Russian collusion. People want an investigation into this meeting
Johnny-russia russia russia- connected?
There is no future for his children in Russian. Never will be.
Make Russia Great Again

@SenJohnMcCain spends more time dreaming about how to make everyone else successful and gives rat's ass about USA
@tgruka If you say so we say so! Be Well!
@Sergey_Sergey_G and he likes drugs alittle
And this Russian patriot has lived to tell the tale?!!
Russian collusion!!!!!!!!
Agreed. I'm a quite good Russian scientist who fight also more than 20 years for supremacy of the law here to my kids can live in liberty.
Thank McCain. Putin has tried thrice have this Russian guy killed.
 omg, what a bullsh#t post.
McCain, retire.
Yes he is a hero...a word no one will ever associate with you...retire  RINO
so the Russia connection is you , muppet
you are one slippery fellow how do you sleep at night
And hopefully they stop attempting to kill him by poisoning him!
what about Americans and healthcare? will you fight to save it or REPEAL?
Vladimir Kara-Murza is a Russian patriot who will never stop fighting for a future in which his beautiful children can live in freedom. 
He's the enemy of Americans
Sucking up to the Russians Songbird? Maybe the government should look into you about your ties with Russia. Just my opinion.
taking out russia is the illuminatis agenda,,they funded communism to take out russia,,they funded hittler  also

So now your a commi John?
We need to stand behind the efforts of @vkaramurza. @SenJohnMcCain, we could start by removing Putin's supporters from the Trump admin.
Макейн на зарплате Кремля - любого будет хвалить, корупция без границ
Have you ever even been in Russia?
You said Your friend is a fighter, however we all know that Putin is a winner ^
You won't see another president in russia in your life time.
I see ignorance runs deep here: this man was poisoned 2x by the Putin regime, because of his anti Putin political stance-risking his life
To put an end to human rights abuses a&the Russian authoritative dictatorship it is.So whenever u think DT is doing right w/ RU- think again
This man is every bit a patriot. This man is brace beyond compare for his work and sacrifice.
самая худшая реклама, которую только можно себе представить для русских это совет от Маккейна. У вас получается, нам смешно!
How true, What a great Photo. A picture speeks a thousand words.
American freedom like Yugoslavia, Afghanistan, Libya, Iraq, Syria? no thanks.
You are REALLY right! 
Keep him safe
Sir,  does Biafra sounds familiar?  It's been back. But you are busy, couldn't hear her cry. The killings has began again after 50yrs.
Colluding???
Vladimir Kara-Murza
Think Trump realizes Putin has tried to have this nice courageous man poisoned several times?
If he's a russian patriot, send him home where he can be even more patriotic!
Джон оставь у себя этого кара-мурзу.
Russians do live in freedom Mr. McCain more so than Americans do. our billions going to fund terrorists that kill civilians., schools suffer

Vladimir Kara Murza is a traitor who does not have a way back.
I'm guessing most of the people commenting on this tweet have no clue who Vladimir is or bothered to google him...
I know who he is. A complete leftist who tells the bullshit story about Ukraine Crimea.. Crimea people luv Putin and will speak Russian only
What about Kyrymly?
Are you teaching him your Nazi tricks on how overthrow elected governments like you helped do in Ukraine.
BTW, Satan is calling you home very soon...you're a washed up soldier of satan
Support the president's agenda
And you broker a deal for phony Russian docs to take down our @POTUS U R the only thing that's phony , just another career politician #fraud
славному ветерану и сенатору Конгресса США John McCain в данное время ещё можно помочь в лечении от заболеваний, но времени всё меньше
I cannot give my opinion of you, knowing the health scare you are enduring. I pray you will be healed, THEN I will give you my opinion!

Until you get to bomb them I suppose
You can see all his supporters are Libitards this time line give is away #SecretLibitard
Call up a grand jury!
Thank you Senator! You are a good man.  Take care of your health above all
Colluding with the Russians we see! Quick call a special prosecutor!
Ur awesome John....
Future Strong Women!  Give them a chance even if their dads name is Vladimir
Hey John why don't you do something positive and fix Health Care
FREEDOM~GOD'S GIFT TO US ALL.  & GOD BLESS YOU & YOUR FAMILY SENATOR McCAIN~DONT ALWAYS AGREE W/YOU BUT YOU ARE A TRUE AMERICAN STATESMAN.
Do any of you nay saying jackasses realize McCain is commending Kara-Murza for fighting against Dictator Putin and the corrupt gov there? 
No all I see he is with a Russian, call a grand jury quick, let the Libitard loose on him.
McCain works w/Ukrainian neo-Nazis bcz he wants MOAR WAR. Weaken &exhaust the US &serve his mil-indust cmplx masters
Sir, would that include DREAMERS
Now that's interesting. Are people not free in Russia?
FBI paid $100,000 for a Fake Dossier you negotiated.  You may wanna try to clear your name before it's too late
John being a democrat now, he has Pelosi protecting him.
Thank you for your honorable service and for standing up for what is right
He don't know what the word service means the old jackass.
First you need to build a cultural-ideological educational foundation that can nurture the idea of democracy.
Then it was you who colluded with the Russians!!! I knew it! 
@POTUS @WhiteHouse need to punish #Soviets ie #Russia to the fullest extent. They embarrass the human race #PutinAtWar #RussiaInvadedUkraine
You forgot the USSR collapsed in 1991 and Russia is a much different country now. The Crimean people have the right to self determination.
Hero!!!!
Was that before or after He screwed the sick and needy in this nation?
Looks to me like McCain is Colluding with the Russians
He sounds just like Vladimir Putin 
