Can we fix Obamacare? What a fucking joke!
Must be nice having insurance that lets you get in a lot of surgeries so quickly?! In the meantime many are stuck with Obamacare #Traitor 
* in and out of surgeries
Thank you! A positive step. I believe qual healthcare is a right, but also know "United We Stand, Divided We Fall." No more UnTIED States.
I agree, but that aside, why is the @GOP determined to keep a shitty model that costs twice as much as Canada's with much worse outcomes?
McCain betrayed the American people!
Since he voted no to repeal it he should have to use it
Absolutely
Bipartisanship is what the vast majority of Americans want, and expect, from their Congress. Please continue this work.
Amen.
You promised to Repeal ObamaCare !
That's just dumb.  He saw that what was happening was just a partisan fistfight and people would end up uninsured and in the worst way.
He ran on Repeal and Replace he is a Rhino
You are part of the swamp!
Pathetic Insane clowns in WASHINGTON are proven Traitors to USA>Entire Wealth of 99% looted by 1% Via WALL ST CASINO
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/08/02/world/europe/vatican-us-catholic-conservatives.html … Another MUST READ before hatred of Ultra Conservatives/Religious Zealots cleaves Nation in two.Face of Trump,et al.
My HC $ went fr $300 to $800/mo in 4 yrs under ACA. As AZ Veteran, I'm so disappointed w/ McCain+Flake failures! I'm w/ @POTUS let's #MAGA
It never went up before then, huh? You're the only one, pal.
You all are a disappointment for misleading Americans and are behaving like spoiled children. Try and do your job.
WE DON'T WANT OBAMA CARE FIXED!  WE WANT IT REPEALED! YOU'RE NOTHING MORE THAN A PAID OFF POLITICIAN THAT COULD CARE LESS ABOUT AMERICANS!
Az citizens starts RECALL on McCain, as he has proven he's not able to make sound decisions, proof ObamaCare light vote!

Fighting Trump versus doing  what's best for the USA may be good for your ego but doesn't help the thousands of people stuck with Obamacare
Why on twitter so much. Ur time has passed. U failed America and Americans. Go quietly away!! RESIGN!! Ur ill!!
Go to hospice now. Just get it over with. People don't want you anymore traitor.
ObamaCare wouldn't BE a problem if YOU had kept your promise and repealed it.
Repeal, don't fix. Like you promised!
Fix it!!!! You were supposed to leag the fight against it....Sellout!!!
@SenJohnMcCain here's hoping you and your colleagues can come up with a decent plan... but in all seriousness.. #SinglePayerNow
So you lied to the voter's. Shame on them. Shame on you next.
Can the loser who only managed 173 electoral votes ever realize he is the problem in this country.
I have a feeling you will have to be able to override a veto on this one as I doubt anything you can pass with Democrats will MAGA.
Not with Cyclops in the Senate.
Yes! Fix Obama Care! It's about time the GOP start listening to the People finally!
Thank you senator the institution is protected and back functioning. This is wisdom.
Dog McCain. You can't fix something that is fundamentally flawed. You have to trow it away and atart new. You just want to fight Trump.
No John....you failed...just you.....keep showing you hate ....
I think, finally, both parties have been driven to work together. Let's hope y'all figure it out for the good of the country.
Cant count on you!  So sad!
Way to stab all the people in the back who you promised to repeal Obama Care.! Apparently the Maverick is nothing but a lap dog for the dems
Whatever you do won't impact you, your elitists  colleagues or your families.  So who cares? Right Senator? It's all about me me me me - you
Not with u being obsessed with ruining Trumps presidency. U vote no because u hate Trump.
How about helping small businesses? That's right, you don't give a damn about us.  You've worked for the gov't your entire life. No clue.
Even when your OWN party says they would have a conference on working out the details,but you don't have the courage to stand by them,WHY?
But that requires courage, guts & a backbone.  None of which McCain possesses  as an 80 year old has been.
If it was 1860 McCain would be advocating fixing slavery too.  Abominations shouldn't be fixed - they should be abolished.
You have to be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
Haven't you done enough damage, you liar?  Can't you just be put out to pasture already, you liar?
Can't y'all just compromise and fix the problems? Why can't USA citizens get same kind of coverage as congress? For the people by the people
No no no sir-no one wants your input. You are a traitor to those of us in AZ and republicans.
Obama care is good enough for us but not you.  you have the most luxurious medical program on the planet. Hypocrite, philanderer, immoral.
FUJM.  #DrainTheSwamp
Replace Ocare with option for #Medicare either means test for poverty and encourage competition with private plans. Also repeal '86 law!
Well at least @WSJ still likes you.
No the American people need to get rid of Obama Care, and you should have the same health Care that all Americans have
Hope you are not including yourself as a problem solver. You have supported more wars than anyone ever,conspired against our pres. #shameful
My fear is the Senate will pass a bipartisan bill but the House will say go to conference where it'll change it to repeal & a bad replace.
If these ideas can be put in a bill I'd say pass it. It stabilizes the system & lowers costs. Can then negotiate a phase 2 later.
You know Obama. I think you owe him at least to keep the ACA, but tweak it. Obama made it. You're a good man.
Single payer
Wow. You are an embarrassment to your party.
No fixing the largest tax scheme in history. Scrap it, for consumer driven costs. Pay what h-care is worth, not what you can get away with!


REPEAL YOU TRADER!
YOU and the Democrats let us down by keeping a failed Obamacare. If it really was wonderful,why the need to constantly purge for $ and fix?
Traitor..spiteful....shallow...no trust or credibility
McStain a problem solver??? He causes problems. How did a communist get elected to the Senate?
Don't know exactly to whom you refer to, but I can.
YK
McCain campaigned to repeal ACA, then voted 3 times not to.  He lost my trust and I am sorry I voted for this RINO.
How about you fix the traitor Trumps in the WH first, John?
Only if you work together like our democracy calls for.
#ACA
After you resign.
With all due respect you had 7 years you've blown it your time is up.
How can it be fixed if Medicaid growth no limited?
Sorry, John, you still don't have an exemplary track record on good ideas that work, like your decision to go to Hanoi that fateful day.
We don't want obamacare
Not while John McCain is obstructing them!
You couldn't! Liar !




Fix it !!!!
They will extend it because you and your 2 friends failed to pass the new bill so it couldn't go back to the house to adjust it
Sign RECALL on McCain today, his loyalty is with democrats, he lied to us all in Az, promised to repeal ObamaCare.. Liar McCain
I would in a second but there is no mechanism to recall a senator
If the politicians let @realDonaldTrump do his job. Both parties creating roadblocks. Hand shake deals were made before Jan. 20
https://www.hermancain.com/john-mccain-venomous-hypocrite-and-liar-dooms …
Please!  You sir had the unique opportunity to advance the cause of 'fixing it'.  You chose to go against your own people.
Deep state Traitor
They could if you did not attach what will be you lacacy to it.
You sir have become a
A nice little donkey! You know how smart and stubborn they are, don't you?
A joint conference might have come up with a good plan but you killed that chance
Only if they try to do what's best for the healthcare of all Americans instead of hating it because they hate Obama!
Get over that & fix it!
Corporately controlled health care can't be fixed w/o depriving people. We need single-payer, non-profit plan as in civilized countries.
Sir, your recent legislative action I disapprove of as a Middle of Road Republican. Loyallity, we should understand.
Please convince leadership to go for this.
I say yes. In it's essence, Obamacare is Romneycare, which is Hillarycare (1994), which is the moderate Republican answer to Medicare for al
It wasn't enacted with bipartisanship, why in the hell do you think we need bipartisanship to repeal
Credit to you Senator McCain for opening this path for everyone.
It's time you retire. George Soros has give you more than enough money to support you for the rest of your life.
Just as important as asking "can" they fix ObamaCare is "when" will they fix it. The clock is ticking.
Let's let the grownups have a go now, shall we?
Put the public option back in.  Allow the market then to see how well they can compete against those price restrictions.
I guess Benedict Arnold was a problem solver too when he went to help the British
Lemme guess, you're a "problem solver"? 
pray they can. In this era of uncertainty & unrest,should be able to count on the security of their healthcare.Thank you for voting your
Repeal and replace....just like you promised, John
Retire please for the sake of the country
You know you are my second fav vet, I glad u have recovered I knew u would, if u are tired of hearing bs about healthcare i will enlighten u
NOT WITHOUT REPEALING IT, SENATOR.
No and the government should not be in the healthcare business we don't need more entitlements
With 'problem creators' like Johnny the need for "problem solvers" has increased. #MAGA
Liar.
RETIRE!!!!!!
You ran on repeal and replace! Stand by your promise or get the hell out for good!Your an embarrassment to our party!Only dems like you now!
Can't even repeal it little alone fix it!!!!
Can we adopt Finnish model of healthcare. Similar to ou pub sch system. No signup and stress!!! #easyhealthcare
You and your demo
Get McConnell out of power. His presence in Congress coincidentally parallels the greatest division of partisanship through the years!
So right! And send @SpeakerRyan  with him! Get rid of the Tea Partiers. That's when Congress became so divided.
Repeal repeal repeal
Please get a handle on your ego. You have hurt Trump enough. Stop with the revenge crap. Do something worthwhile today for a change.
TY for being a mediator @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump admin filled w/ppl who thrive on divisiveness, work against majority of ppl <$100k/y
2) It feels like a caste system. Middle class gone. Affluent, wealthy class & those who can't make it payday to payday.
3) And they make it harder by the day on us. I live in fear of cuts to Social Security & Medicare.

If fixing it means more donations, more gifts from lobbyists to LYING politicians and more of status quo, you may have a point!
Not if it includes the current group of out of touch individuals. Anyone come to mind?
"Incrementalism" is killing our people, our economy & OUR Country! Believe in "American exceptionalism"? Then let us be exceptional!
What are you lying about now? Repeal is the fix for the failed #ACA.
Then what?
Then the Socialists get to cry. And America can repair itself
.If American "Problem Solvers" cannot solve HC problem that 100s of countries have already solved, we deserve the drainpipe of history
GET FED OUT. We don't trust Congress. Let states manage money so we the people will have control.
Problem solver would be for you to step down and go play in sandbox with @LindseyGrahamSC
Put ego, greed, those corporations in ur pockets aside & put urself in others shoes. Than yes you definitely can. @senatemajldr @senschumer
What a self-serving pile of human excrement-virtually no legacy as a long serving senator. This "maverick" needs to be out to pasture.
This is the way government should work -- focus on solving people's problems, not fighting the other party!  

Stay strong Sen McCain!
Obamacare would work if insurers were properly regulated & GOP/45 quit sabotaging it. 40 yrs. of dereg riches come to call now.
It's amazing to me that you believe that
encouraging that representatives are moving away from politically motivated slogans and beginning to focus on the needs of the people.
MUST be bipartisan
The real question is do they want to?
PS you are a perfect example why we need term limits!
Time for universal single payer!
He's not a problem solver he is the problem... Retire, the world will go on with out your back stabbing.
The only fix to the 20,000 pages of regs and pork is full repeal, which you blew a few days ago. #RINO
Thank u Senator, u unite the parties and this is what the president should do.
You sir are no problem solver . You are the problem. Please retire and be well. No hate here just concern.
SENATOR Thanks for your service
 You really need to support your President and party. If not you need to switch to a Democrat
Finally!
You mean the problem makers
We do not care about Ocare. Leave it alone, get the Russian criminal out of our government
You had seven years and you did nothing and now your last goal in life is to take down Trump very sad that you're so petty
The only real fix for healthcare is to fix insurance companies. Difficult task at best
@CNNPolitics Please investigate all Trump/Republican supporters on Twitter.   It appears 99% profiles were created after Trump's Presidency.
Everything that comes out of your mouth  is  irrelevant you are nothing but a liar you are nothing but a traitor to your party and Country
They can get it done.   @PattyMurray and @SenAlexander have worked well together before. I know they can do it. Let's give them a shot.
So now the GOP won't work with Dems on tax reform. When will you all learn that we want cooperation & progress, not partisan politics?
Don't think you helped any.
Thank you, Senator. I'm confident the working committee will develop some effective solutions.
To be clear only

Susan Collins
Lisa murkowski

Do not want it fixed. They want the ACA because of Planned Parenthood
You blew the chance for your party to fix Obama Care. But all you want is an issue, just retire.
No repeal It! ACA HAS failed it doesn't help anyone!
maybe John McCaine and his busy including some Democrats can sit down and fix what's broke
Excellent.
You and the two ladies made this happen . Thank you all, that's how our Government is suppose to work .
Single payer is the only workable long term solution.  All others are simply patchwork.
Ask Charlie Gard's family about single payer.
only if YOU want to & not just some showy vote to piss off @realdonaldtrump. 
What are you really made of?
All you cared about was getting reelected. You don't give a care about us. You lied to get reelected
Donny Boy's agenda is lies lies lies until he gets caught. He has no credibility with Americans. You need to invoke the 25th admendent sec 4
I hope so
Fraud, Traitor. You will be #VoteOut
Problem solvers let it fail past 7 years no effort. Still exempt from law. Corrupt elite hypocrites.
I thank y'all for y'alls service to our Country. There are a lot of people needing help. Just wish y'all weren't part of problem
Because of your disdain for my President you deliberately hurt the American people. This isn't the John McCain that American Vets respect.
I disdain the president too. He is a con man and a liar that is more concerned about appearance than reality. Opposite of what I value.
...who cares about healthcare...what we want to know is why are you funding terrorists in syria?
GOP would rather spend a trillion dollars yearly on the military then spend half of that on American programs. That's STUPIDITY!
Let's see! #Obamacare
....people that retweet the wall street journal have no credibility. The journal makes no money..it's CIA propaganda
John McCain is a crook and is owned my lobbyist. Takes donations from George Soros. He is Soros's puppet.
Leaves you OUT
RETIRE!
