Your vexted because you can't figure out I'd your a Democrat or republican or a socialist.. I say Democrat. Please resign.
Because we want a strong army not the army u envision
Nothing but a worthless traitor of his own country...check the arquives. He DID NOT RECEIVE AN HONORABLE DISCHARGE FROM THE MILITARY!
of course the prez doesnt want to be burden about thinking about wars and now he has all those generals he love(and knows more than) toblame
All under your time don't make like u did not know. Hypocrite
McCain is vexed when the sun comes up.  Find Vets care!
You also know a Naval tradition of 40 year lifecycle is issue, too.  "Color" of money (capital vs operations) is another problem. @elonmusk
@SenJohnMcCain But are you vexed about the millions of people that will lose medical coverage under AHCA?
You mean the incredibly costly government health care that is imploding as we speak AND neither party is addressing it. Free is never free!
Accused of treason after vietnam war along with 32 others but was pardoned by President Nixon...John NOT A WAR HERO. GAVE INFO TO ENEMY.
Rino.
you guys just got to love how the prez is just staying out of the way almost like he doesnt want to be prez and is looking to get out  wish
we the American people demand to know what the secret health care plan is by 14 GOP SENATORS!!! What are they hiding..stand up!!!
You should also be vexed naming a USS Ship after a split tail who was shot in a parking lot, not after a warrior.
It takes very little to 'vex' this addle-brained old man these days. 
Rapid questioning, educated black women, brushing his teeth...
And helicopters? DOD procurement process needs a severe overhaul before increasing the budget.
NO Support for PRES Trump means NO support for YOU! Get out!
you should so happy that the prez gave any responsibility concerning military matters and gave them to mattis now we can really fight wars
Hey rino how about taxes and healthcare hate this guy
On this,  we can agree.  What about the customer oversight on this subject?   Is there transparency and objectivity in program management?
McCain vexed by loyalty. Hanoi Hilton Songbird.
Hypocrissy.  Swamp dweller. Go cry to CNN
McCain vexed by wondering if he is awake and a Democrat...Answer his eyes are open but no one is home and yes he is a Dem in Rhino clothes.
Please get the traitors out of the White House.
Do you ever concern yourself with domestic agendas? It's either the armed forces or foreign policy with you!
Then resign. You are the government.
McCain just go away. You're irrelevant.
John Mc, are you vexed by #Russiagate?  Do you remember what that is?
Dump the pattern day trading rule. Makes no sense now a day.
Hope his wits hold long enough to be of use.
It's become a full blown crisis.
You also know anything that takes more than 10 months from design to deploy is dated to further evolving threats. @elonmusk
Ur an idiot
Senator, you know the system scramble for 0-5 rank.  Company officer scramble equals change orders galore. Contractor plus-ups @elonmusk
These details do not matter if you don't do your job and impeach the Russian installed fool who leads our military.
Always vexed but never does anything to resolve the issues.
For a guy who has been as involved in military hardware procurement as long as McCain...who think he would have fixed the system by now
McCain is vexed by most anything these days.
Complains about wasteful spending.
Supports increasing the military budget.
Already $600-B/year.
3X next biggest military budget on Earth.
Well, blame Trump, the "businessman"

Qatar just bought $12 billion in F-15 fighter jets from the US. 

But last Friday, Trump said Qatar was a high-level…
McCain lives in Arizona and is vexed by how the Navy refuses to port any ships in his home state.
Wtf https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/875373564698001409 … @TulsiPress @realDonaldTrump
Qatar just bought $12 billion in F-15 fighter jets from the US. 

But last Friday, Trump said Qatar was a high-level…
I'm sure, you barely know where you are at!

Qatar just bought $12 billion in F-15 fighter jets from the US. 

But last Friday, Trump said Qatar was a high-level…
'McCain vexed by doors and how magnets work'

Qatar just bought $12 billion in F-15 fighter jets from the US. 

But last Friday, Trump said Qatar was a high-level…
Damn Congressman you are fossil you need to go rest and relax in a comfortable place with rich people like you and quit holding that seat.

I don't think we should sell arms to Saudi Arabia if it might wind up in the hands of ISIS and if they punish people for protests... 
Senate votes against blocking weapons sales to Saudis which funds ISIS but in favor ofsanctioning Russiaw fightsISIS https://twitter.com/myylzz34/status/875686086604935169/photo/1pic.twitter.com/I8HC7KLF21 
Russia kills #1 head of ISIS, Al-Baghdadi, CNN & Democrats declare 3 days of mourning/demand spec prosecutor https://www.rt.com/news/392520-isis-leader-killed-airstrike/ … #MAGA

Qatar just bought $12 billion in F-15 fighter jets from the US. 

But last Friday, Trump said Qatar was a high-level…
The media is showing you are the, woman  hating
how many HOPE mccain wd just go away. even if i were to add the word permanently. its NOT an order or direction mr. comey
KUSHNER EXPEDITED WITH SAUDI ARABIA ARMS DEAL & THEY INDIRECTLY GAVE $20 MILLION 

SO TRUMP WILL DO ANYTHING THAT BENEFITS FAMILY BUSINESS
To be fair, it seems Senator McCain is vexed by a great many things nowadays, including @SenKamalaHarris and the English language.

Qatar just bought $12 billion in F-15 fighter jets from the US. 

But last Friday, Trump said Qatar was a high-level…
Could you find the TRILLIONS DoD isn't accounting for? Nobody seems to wanna discuss that or #AWAN #NATLSECURITY #DeadNavySeals #DOYOURJOB!!
I'm sure it's the best deal we could've gotten...
He's also senile.. so...theres that.
Whole lotta vexin' goin' on.
Do you support president @realDonaldTrump

Qatar just bought $12 billion in F-15 fighter jets from the US. 

But last Friday, Trump said Qatar was a high-level…
We need to streamline that @USNavy construction and refitting progress of ships if we are going to maintain our strength.
Covfefe?
Sounds serious.
Whose fault is it?
