Whether people liked @HillaryClinton or not , she would have been a lot better of a #POTUS than the mobster we have now.
Tell that to the president and try and stand up to him for once

just cause she posted a picture from a rally means nothing. And I've seen pictures of Trump at Clinton events. Doesn't mean he supports her
She was in the country illegally She was used for a set up ! She was in Mccains office prior to this ! This is the Russian collusion 
Yes we agree Russia colluded with the Trump campaign. We all know this. What's the new secret?
Real collusion
Even @TGowdySC hasn't brought any of this up because he knows it isn't true. And he HATES Clinton. P.S. For the record I don't like her much
So glad we agree on something.. except i just don't like her I despise her 
Poor John McCain...posting from the Fake News Washington Post.  He must have blood clot or something. He's whacked-out.
Must read ... this is why you wanted @HillaryClinton because your a do nothing neocon http://dailym.ai/2vgxzBZ  and a shill
Seems A LOT like working with a foreign power to push a debunked "dossier" to hurt then @POTUS all just to help @HillaryClinton win sick!
Then don't just RT news articles and do something.  You're a US Senator. Impeach this dangerous person! We are unsafe.
GOOD GRIEF...give it a rest....so sick of hearing about RUSSIA. Where was all your so-called concern the past 8 damn years!!!!!!
Did you tell repubs? B/c now they say Putin wanted Clinton.  Sgameful dishonesty from the executive branch
Wish you were our President.
You really are evil Putin didn't want trump you who gave them uranium, money, Ukraine who John ? not trump! Russia owned Clinton and obama
The WA POST, a bunch of Fake News and John MCCain use them. FUCKING RINO
Stop your ridiculous propaganda.. you disgraceful monster rooting for WWIII only for the sake of your sick masters... you're next
#PeaceWithRussia coming. Time u retired.
So... Why are colluding with this hostile power, Johnny Boy?
McCain = Saboteur.  I once believed you were the best man in this country until you began to undermine a President instead of helping him.
The times we live in - where doubt exists that bedrock American values are antithetical to Putin's #smh
Crumble, or stand up and FIGHT BACK. IMPEACH THE JERK ALREADY. Oh, and dont kick millions off healthcare. It is real simple. #ITMFA
Read it. Agree. So what the hell are you and those republicans going to do about it? Sit back and let him and Russia make our democracy
I don't understand you at all! You post these things then fail to lead the charge. Time to defend our nation! Get Trump & Co out!!!
Jeff flake is a flake he will become u..hell he is already swamp shit how many bodies does he line up in his career as many as you
U got rich while so many vets suffer or died..U r a fence jumper on vets lives.u r not a loyal soilder nor party man..u r viciously corupte
OH how many MIAS & POWS mother father or wives got a personal call from the north vietnam enemy that they can be released from torture.0.& u
You might possibly be top 4 most ignorant senator still in the senate, I know Top 5 for sure
Please speak out. You have everything to gain in the eyes of history.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4114716/Extraordinary-details-ordinary-citizen-John-McCain-actually-dispatched-trusted-aide-Atlantic-dirty-dossier-ex-spy.html … you are a horrendous American
John you are an embarrassment. I'm sorry I ever voted for you. #retirealready
Then please do something
All you read is fake news. All you talk about is fake news. Time to petition the governor to have you mentally evaluated AZ is done with you
washpost? do you also believe Huffpost?
it is an opinion.
I shared this and agree.
Hostile is only a word if you fear them.  America will stand if at least the Republicans stand together.  The Democrats : hostile socialist
And, so then you're in agreement with WaPo opinions about POTUS? You believe Trump is antithetical w/ American values? Really?
No.  You are a hostile power.  You are deranged with Russia and Trump hate.  Russia is under control.  You are not. Feel so betrayed.
And what did Hillary's people meet in the Ukrainian embassy for?
Isn't there a photo of you hanging out with guys from ISIS? Bet they are just great guys. You must be knee deep in that also.
Oh yes Johnny! Must read the Podesta Post. Sounds like you were pretty involved in this fake dossier matter. Hope you go down!!
Russia had HRC in their pocket as SOS she gave 20% of our uranium 2 them & Bill gets $$$$ for speeches! Pay 4 play-you say zip!
You are the only hostile threat
I read it. I agree. Putin/Trump both have values antithetical to democracy. So, use your bully pulpit to remove him. Don't tweet. Defeat.
@SenJohnMcCain proudly stands up to #Russia #Trump and #Putin
Given all the lies that are now exposed, where do you stand on #TrumpRussia? What will history say about @SenJohnMcCain? #CountryOverParty
John McCain is a selfish subversive, whose politics endangers us all

You are NOT a hero
You are a traitor
You are a FAKE NEWs LIAR
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for staying consistent in calling this out and standing on issues, not partisanship.
You have more left that follow you than the right. You are a trader and I hope your deeds are found out
Figures you quoted a rag like the Washington post.
You and your Russian comments. Here is an idea, go fight the war yourself. Warmonger!! Still jealous trump is president and your not
Only hostile because you LOST! If they're giving campaign donations to YOU, I'm sure you find it totally acceptable
STOP BEING 'CONCERNED' and get the putin people out of the WH! We're depending on you and all you can do is mutter 'concerned' over & over
Stop posting about it and do something about it. Your supposed to be stronger than this. Any enemy foreign or Trump family
Yep, and the US a hostile power to Russia. What ? We can do what we want and no one will push back? That SA-2 that shot you down taught you
And yet your wife took a job in Trump's oligarchy . Shame on you both!
Then why were you working with Russian spies in an attempt to destroy Trump's campaign?
Walk the talk and get that clown President out of office.
Russian Lawyer Who Met Don Jr. Was OPENLY ANTI-TRUMP, Ally of Mccain
Funny you where silent for 8 yrs about all this but now when republicans have the opportunity to do the work voters want basically sabotage
The only way it affects us this much is if #Putin & his TrumPuppet are in charge of our country. Pls stand up for this country. #patriotism
America agrees - that's why you need to put country over party & stop being silent on Mueller's integrity & need for #TrumpRussia inquiry!!!
Best retweet it to Trump, it seems like tweeter is his primary source of intelligence and the official WH internal communications channel.
Please forward it to Trump!
McCain your a traitor to the Republican Party you've worked more for the Dems and we will not forget Election
You are supporting the American traitor Trump to give the US to Putin with your silence.  Silence implies complicity sir.
Then, come to the aid of your country-oppose GOP who push oligarchy & who have abandoned dem. values in the interest of greed and power.
Send it to PUTIN'S PUPPET in WH. How can you say this yet continue to support him? DISAVOW HIM TODAY & KILL THE BILL. Save our Healthcare!
Please do something about. Please
Senator you're all talk. What are you really doing with your concerns? How about trying to fix this mess? Speak out publicly against it!
If you took the article and replaced Russia and Putin with GOP and Trump it would still be eerily accurate.  #resistance
Real Russia collusion 
http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-12-heres-the-clinton-ukraine-story-everyone-should-be-talking-about/ …
John Macain you need to start working with the rest of your party on health Care
The world is watching and waiting for GOP to act...
Your setup is uncovered ! The dossier and a meeting prior ! You are THE COLLUSIONIST
No this is why you set all this up ! Your the collusionist you snake 
John, why do you believe the slanted WAPO? Don't u realize Obama & Clinton had been interfering in Russian politics?
What are you going to do about it, sir? It's time for action against the crime family in the White House

We adore @POTUS #MAGA
Your dementia is showing John
But are you doing everything you can to ensure DT isn't in Russia's back pocket?! It seems very quiet on GOP side
Talk to the traitors in the house and get them to get on the sanctions and impeach Trump!
Is congress working today. Who is obstructing today   That's news we want not same ole crap and detraction to MAGA.
If you believe this, WHY ARE YOU STILL SUPPORTING HIM?  @Arizona_Strong @indivisibleAZ @Indivisible_SAZ @IndivisibleCD4
He supports the Dems ! He is a lying collusionist 
Ru has several thousand soldiers abroad, mainly in Syria. USA has 200,000. Who is a hostile power John? No need to answer
Nice, but this is common knowledge. Do something about it. This needs to stop now. Our republic is in peril if this is allowed to continue.
Nice senate leaker reading paper of leakers common ground for sure
So, I take it you will support the article of impeachment filed by @BradSherman
It's time to condemn this presidency, Senator McCain. Country over party.
Senator McCain,
Do you think both the executive and the legislative branches (in particular the House) agree with this assessment?
#Obama is a #HostilePower #WTF Obama gave #RussianLawyer a Visa then opens a Fisa on @POTUS SPEAK OUT!! SHUT DOWN #Mueller Get a #GrandJury
I keep hoping you will be the 1 Rep. to be a hero and denounce Trump & his whole administration for the traitors they are. Help the USA
How can you tweet this article, yet do NOTHING of any substance to stop Russian influence via Trump??? 
Because McCain is the Russia influence 
Please, Senator, speak out against Trump. Loudly. Country comes before party. Posting articles on Twitter is not enough.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hOfVRZfI_Y …
And you are going to do exactly WHAT about it, Mr. McCain?
I seen you also met with the Russian lawyer. Boy John, what's your real gain oops I mean game.
Its an Opinion article. I thought you dealt in facts?The Fact is you were NEVER a war hero. You were WEAK and daddy covered & bailed you out
SongbirdMcCain injured both of his shoulders because he violated Navy SOP when he ejected from his dying aircraft,breaking both shoulders
Does that all make Trump a hostile power? Is the @gop hostile to the US?
There is NO reason we shouldn't improve the relations with Russia. So its OK for Hill's & Obama, but not Trump. You're GREEN with ENVY!
So what are you going to do?  still waiting for a republican hero #RussiaGate
So why don't stop Trump (and his family), Sessions and all the others doing dirty deals with Russia? They sell the country to Putin!
You helped North Vietnam, got shot down because you didn't follow orders. You were #394 in a class of #399 in the Naval Academy. I can go on
What's happening with
Democrats / Russian collusion.
Is the GOP going to do something besides clutch their pearls?  Dictators need "legitimacy".  Usually provided by military-in US its the GOP.
Ur were a POW,is this why u betrayed r country or was it for the money?What is wrong with u?
Exactly, so why don't you be a hero and put an end to this nonsense? Pasting copies of articles doesn't make u brave -- just shows cowardice
And you support him tsk tsk John
Must-read health care bill shows just how dangerous this is to Americans!
You have some accounting to do yourself re: collusion with Russia
Why are few Republicans acknowledging this?
Unfortunately, Putins values line up perfectly with Republican values.
Thank you for this. I wish all Americans would read this
John you're pathetic!   Support your president!  You're just a paid hack!!!
And what are you doing about it? You & the rest of @GOP must b OK w/it cause no one is sreiously doing anything to stop this hostile power

We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia. 
So where is congressional GOP outrage against Russian interference w our democracy? When will u & others ACT against Russian influence in WH
Russian Lawyer Veselnitskaya Posted Picture on Facebook from inside John McCain’s Office
Keep leading Senator the Speaker of the house can't hear us. @SpeakerRyan @tedlieu @NancyPelosi @RepAdamSchiff
remember 2nd Red scare McCain thanks 4 th push
Seems the path to the buffet is clear after all.
You are a war hero @SenJohnMcCain , why are you letting trump sell our country to putin! NOW DO SOMETHING. #RussiaIsNotOurFriend
McCain is NO war hero.He was pardoned by Nixon for singing like a song bird. He didn't follow Navy SOP trying to grand stand. Result caught
Enjoy the block.
Look in the mirror John.   You are on your own along with your Lib friends in using Russia as an escape goat.
#retire
Did you ask comrade Trump to read this- Your support of the #traitor in the WH via your silence and votes will be your political undoing.
Ha,you are so damn confused it is painful, maybe Mccain can switch parties too, the globalist uniparty
What are you doing about removing the Russian mole from the WH?!
Just that you may not be # aware @SenJohnMcCain #POTUSTrumplorable is also a # hostilepower towards the #USA It's about time you act like it
We r going to find out,you have been involved from the get go,TRAITOR!!!
"that have been bedrock"? Not anymore?
Hopefully, when this is over we can say: Trump as its antithesis really made America great again by driving home what America is about.
And not, the cheetoturd was the demise of American democracy...could go either way. Sickening.
More hostile than Russia~Islam+Left unleashed 2 destroy Democratic values 
#POTUSmeetPAHLAVI for  peace & stability 
#RezaPahlavi
@POTUS
Great, Senator. Now stop tsk-tsking and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 

Thank you. Terrifying when a news network and some US politicians try to make Russia out to be not so bad. A good day to impeach?
Yep. We don't hear from any of these brave leftists(including McCain) offer any opinions about the collusion between Ukraine & the DNC.
Actions, not words
So then PLEASE do something about Trump, instead of being an enabler! i like what you say, but yr actions show that yr scared of old orange.
Russia is not our enemy & hasn't been for many years. The media has strained relations, however, & is standing in the way of progress.
Pass that msg to ur uhh, president?  That orange face figure in the white house
You read it and set on your ass wishing you were back in your hut in nam. That is as much as your worth.
At least he doesn't have to wait for an election to be over to "have more flexability"!! STFUT!!!
If my President isn't concerned, why should I be?   You need to speak out against the madness Senator.
Senator McCain, why does Jared Kushner still have clearances? WH is not answeing questions about this. Saying no comment.
you mean like the fake information that gets repeated and disseminated? oh wait, that was you
But does this equate to being an "enemy" for purposes of the definition of treason?
Your wife's boss says WaPo is fake news.
THEN DO SOMETHING!
Yes. Just yes. Impeach him. Asap.
You'll vote yes on the "health" bill to give Trump a win. You are so #Complicit
Sadly, none of us will ever know exactly what was said between #PUTIN & @POTUS . All one has to do is look around & read of all the MURDERS.
Yes sir we get it. And the President's son and senior campaign officials met with this 'hostile power' secretly more than once. Do something
Really you should be worried about this the real collusion 
Stop posting articles and SPEAK OUT. NOW.
He did. 6 times
He has nothing but lies
Please explain why your party (formerly my party) takes sooooooo long to speak out.
And still no one your side does much.
Says the father of Isis and avid deepstater
You want me to take care of these for you, Donny?
