The only collusion was the affair Obama and Hillary had with Russia and trying to put it off on Trump.
That what you are saying is a very untrue statement. They where all under severance,  but the plan failed. This is a novel and you are..

Traitor!!

Senator McCain - OUR US FUNDED VOA is undermining the US!!
@POTUS @VP @VOANews @VOADirector @VOA_Opinion @FBI @CIA @StateDept @HouseForeign
Traitor
How do you remain standing...


We possess the Moab,however with great power there is accountably. Please remember the poor and the oppressed have the MOAG'S on their side.
love loyalty know!
It would be nice as a "former" vet if you supported our Pres! Better idea, go back to Balkans & take Lindsey with you! @rushlimbaugh
Hope you got some good souvenirs for the kids!!! Don't worry bout them vets that need help in your state -
Sen u r the very best, 4showing the aggressiveness of Russia on its failed attempt 2 sabotage Montenegro's  entry into NATO.
This blood thirsty laut McCain is now the self appointed King of the poor miserable chicken Balkans to LORD over them as their saviour.
Несчастливый американец, перестань завидовать счастливым корейцам. Корейцы - успешные люди, а вы - фашистские свиньи.
yes!
Maybe things wouldn't be so tense if America had a functioning State Dept headed by someone more competent than Tillerson.
I only have one question. ....when are you going to retire?  You're nothing but a drag on our country.
There have been no illegal actions honey read your history and stop repeating the media storybline
who do you think you are, u r not president, you are merely one of many congressmen, calm down and retire.
Traveling is your expertise, along with deception, lies, scandal and idleness on Important Issues
As a tank crewman who served in Korea in the 1960's, I appreciate your words of encouragement to the U.S. troops now serving in the Balkans.
Looks like your only supporters are liberals now.
Great respect for you sir @SenJohnMcCain
Oooo i know. Talk about why party is more important than country.  Thats an easy one.
Or at least talk about why it's ok to spent so much money guarding NYC penthouses bc people don't want to live in the white house.
Talk about why it's ok for your "president" to be golfing while the threat of thermonuclear war is being made by North Korea.
Talk about what you'd say if Obama spent all his time as his schmaltzy resort in Florida playing golf instead of u know, governing.
You're always going to be a hero.
Can you talk a little about your president trying to start WW3?
What is this, a Kickstarter? You couldn't find a backdrop of music any LESS public domain-y?
I sure wished I could hear u talk about something other than war and soldiers. The rest of us suffered and contributed and need to live too
The WWI started not because of Balkans but because Serbs are idiotic and blood thirsty nation. Serbs started the WWI.
Senator, You're 'The Real Deal'!
Just a note tho, you still consider Trump a legitimate candidate? Because It allows for a @gop agenda? This corruption is ok?
Trumps not a candidate, he's the President. The election was over in November.
What's in your browser history?
Trump called the US miliarty HIS MILITARY. Save us, John!
It is his military as Commander in Chief.  Educate yourself
McCain=Traitor
YOU ARE A BEAST!!!
YOU ARE A TERRORIST!!!!
89 years old and the only thing you can do is talk.  Arizonian have no clue why they voted for you.  It's time that your retired McCain..
Build a coalition against Trump. Take a stand! Be a leader!
Excuse me sir but who named you the President and therefore the commander in chief? It would be like a regular Joe posing as a company CEO
You should have been here in Arizona! Poor @JeffFlake had to take ALL the heat on Obamacare by himself! You NEVER come home! Meddling always
Thank You! Sen.John McCain; Supporting The Troops!
It would be nice if you stayed in the Balkans. Good riddance!!
Time to travel to Arizona and listen to your constituents.
Who's side are you on anyway ?
You could have fooled me !
Please resign!!!
That's nice, but you need to make a choice between Christian judeau America or Islam! Islam is in America and it will kill us all!
All well and good but can you try a little harder to help get that nutter in GOP clothing out of The People's White House?
5 l. Z. F
John, whom I have always respected even tho GOP, what our troops are being made to do from here is what worries me now!
Is it true the Kosovans had 2-9,000 jihadists & you sided with them against Serbia? & the first beheading video in world from there in '94?
Keep up the good work BUT WHERE'S THE PROMISED SENATE SANCTIONS BILL ON RUSSIA?!?
Please push your fellow Senators to get it together, Sir.
Who cares what you talk about  RINO RETIRE
You are leaving us flat as usual.... RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
