Praying for the family and friends of our fallen hero despised & insulted by Trump
Trump forgets
We will NEVER forget.
And you Senator ?
I'm a veteran of several deployments... I didn't think it was an insult. Parents shouldn't be paraded around as political puppets if we die
Rest in Peace.
Sounds like an altercation gone bad...gotta pay attention to where you're at. What a tragedy
Amen

How troubled are you about trumps am tweets? I bet still really troubled. Again, not going to do anything cause party>country, but troubled.
Horrible when a kid gets killed for nothing. Thoughts and prayers for the family.
It is the hardest thing about being an African American mother, especially to a son in America.  Their are so many fears for our Sons.
This wasn't a tragedy John it was Murder.
If it were an act of hazing these university kids go overboard!!!!
It's a terrible loss and all real Arizonans are heart broken, McCain he is not in your district, don't act like you care.
nobody cares, and since you like the guy, i can be assured he's probably a dirtbag like you
John, please start calling out the hate. Shine a light into the darkness and help reverse the course of this down hill slide
You're a wolf wearing sheep clothes
John McCain really what did you do with all that money you got from George Soros
Its the Trump effect. Racists & nationalist world wide are emboldened by his hateful rhetoric.
Prayers
Rip young man!
Murdered by an angry mob, very tragic 
This is NOT ACCEPTABLE!!! It is way over do, It needs to stop!!!! #STOP!! Prayers for the Family.

Senator,Trumps Wealthcare will take health care from 465,200 of YOUR constituents in Az.Do the right thing&vote NO.
Did Russia do it John???? Shocked you tweeted about a crime that happened to someone from Arizona and not Ukrain. #UkranianSenator.
Me too. Also for millions who are in danger of losing healthcare, either through replace or outright repeal. That one you can help with.
God Bless him and his family. This makes me so very sad.
Thank you
So you're sad now because it happened in your state? It's happening everywhere!Trump incited this hate.
So sad beyond words, heartfelt condolences to family and friends
Prayer to family and friends on such tragic situation.  Peace to all
This is so horrible!
Rotten people. Who would do such a thing.
So very sad 
Praying for his family
HORRIBLE!
Deepest and sincere condolences to the family of Bakari Henderson in this terrible tragedy. What a shame!
Praying, also
SENATOR TONIGHT I WILL PRAY FOR A WHILE ;IVE BEEN ANGRY; BUT A PRAYER CAN HELP; MAYBE TOMORROW WILL BE A BETTER DAY!
Killing...everywhere...has got to stop!
Rest In Peace Bakari & to his family I offer my condolences. Your loss is tragic & pray for you..
Russian bot
9 followers = Russian bot
Very sad news indeed #Ivanka2024
What a horrible thing! I feel so sorry for his family.
Horrible. Horrible. What on earth possesses people to do such a thing? I'll never understand that kind of hatred. Condolences. #Bakari
Crying for ALL, this has got to STOP Jesus please.
I so agree. We all need Jesus and God in our live more now than ever. We all got to pray n pray n pray some more
I pray for America.
Holy smokes. Australian journalist provides one of the most brutal takedowns of Trump I've heard in a while.  
#McCain was a patriot, bc of the things you HAVE done for America.  But NEVER in my wildest nightmares did I think U would bow to Trump 
Good to know you care, FOCUS and start working 4 the people. REJECT #TrumpCare! #HealthCare4All! Work 4 Us!
Russian bot
Amen. Horrible.
Told you, Nazi in Greece, EU.
African slaves in Spain greenhouses, nothing new, need to stay out Nazi towns?
Heard you all safer there now, that Gifford thing, hostiles taking over.
Crazy scene? Thankful our great men and women in uniform are protecting you?
Now some can maybe understand President Trump's posture with the EU?
And the significance of Brexit?
Very sad 
Oh my. How terrible 
@McClatchyDC @KamalaHarris Senseless Loss Of Life
#Fakenews
Why did you put fake news?
Omg Poor kid
