Happy Birthday Sen...wishing you all the best...my candidate...incredible person
Happy birthday to a great man.  Thank you.
Selfless service
QUESTION:
Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
D I S G R A C E
You are too old ti be in office.Senility has taken hold
Hey how does it feel to sale out your brother in arms, be a song bird, and a traitor to the USA.
Live Long & Prosper!!! You are the best!!!

May God bless and keep you Senator McCain. I have so much respect for http://you.You  will be healed.
JERK!!!!!!!! Not honorable at all ! Selfish only about himself! SWAMP
Corruption at its finest ..

Relentless #Ukraine journo persecution another example of what happens when ultra-nationalists get to run a country -http://tass.com/politics/962820 
So good to see John's face. God bless a living USA hero. Good luck John. Stay strong. You are in all our prayers. Republican/Democrat.
John McCain is about dead! He is not a senator anymore! 
I live in Maryland, envious of Arizona. Look at my senators! Bletch!
and the obligatory 'kicking dirt'
(it's all in good fun)
You're pitiful
You must have some great health insurance mr. McCain because you sure look like you're having fun at that baseball game
Yes what he is fighting for all to have!!!!!!!  Not what TRUMP wants.  How about questioning his plan instead!!!!! He does shouldn't  all??
Shawna John McCain only cares about John McCain. He believes not in the people of Arizona but only how many votes.
Honorable? That is a fuckin joke. #Traitor
Sen Mccain will forever be remembered for that historical vote cast.
Happy 81st
Happy birthday senator. If this little senator thing doesn't work out you can always fall back to comedy. Wishing you well from a Democrat.
Great video of him. Certainly doesn't look 81.
Thought the b-day was yesterday, or is it like the 12 days of Xmas? Celebrate it in retirement Brutus
Happy Birthday, Senator - and many more, you hear? MANY more.
Happy birthday Mr sir McCain sir
Time for him to retire.



Happy Birthday Sir  Thank you for your service 
#keepdaca
Happy Birthday Sen. McCain
Wish there were more (any) like him in Washington.
Retire already, RINO.
Stay home grandpa ...enemy of ALL Americans
One  1 only one  uno  uno vote
I'd like to give him the heave ho and boot him as my senator
#DeepState Ambassador McCain!
This is hilarious.
God bless. Much love and respect.
Happy Birthday, Senator McCain.
Happy day John Boy!
Looking fantastic no matter your age! Give them hell in D.C. next week!
Best Wishes for the Future Sir
@SenJohnMcCain is a hero on so many levels. #truehero
If I remember one thing about John McCain it will be that he was more than respectively kind.  Happy blessings and thank you for serving.
McCain needs the HeaveHo to retirement
My partner Diane & I wish you happy Birthday. Her brother died 34 years ago from brain cancer & he was used to test current methods.
Happy Birthday Senator John McCain.

A truly GREAT man of honor.
HB honorable McCain.
If he had the same insurance as everybody else in the United States you surely wouldn't be smiling right now
There is help, thank you
Dispicable people to boo a man who served in Vietnam Nam served in our Congress. No matter whether you are Rep or Dem. deispicable. I am Dem
Didn't realize how long @ToddWalsh has been at this, crazy how time flies


Maybe there is a job for McCain to start announcing a ball game.
What fun!
Judas McCain!
Happy Birthday Senator enjoy it while you can
Happy birthday Senator
Thanks to his scam vote we're all still stuck w/ ObamaScare. He needs to retire and tend to his family while he still has little time.
Literally, I've seen many of my patients get sicker (and poorer) because of it.
Except all those who now have healthcare and getting rid of lifetime caps.  26% of healthcare cost is admin overhead at all insurance Co
McCain was cheering for the D-Backs but changed his mind half way through and became a yankees fan
