Great. Can we talk about Russian interference in our elections and why this fraud is still President?

Evidence please sweetie.
Of what, obozos interview or the Uranium One deal?
Still looking for that voter fraud proof.  What's that? You don't have it. SAD.
Did I say anything about voter fraud? No, I did not. Read it again.
U did hon. Your meme said "like illegal immigrants voting". I'm asking for proof. U have none
Did you notice the ? this time? Or is that to complicated for you?
Move on to impeachment for election fraud, Russian interference, emoluments and possibly treason. Rep's do not need Trump
Funny Democracy was going 2 b destroyed if Trump didn't accept results but now that Hillary LOST it is the Lefts GOD GIVEN RIGHT to resist
Yeh, funny- he ties opponents hands from accusing him of true crimes by first accusing them- Do we not see?
Obama said election wasn't & couldn't be rigged so are you telling us that OBAMA IS A LIAR? Trump wants investigation but Left says no WHY?
Wake up. Your nation is being conquered by Russia through the internet. Trump is a tyrant. Read "Hands Tied."
If Obama had spouted this same crazy BS would you be telling us to move on?
OH PLEASE Obama told you Benghazi was over a video, you could keep you doctor, & there wasn't a smidgen of corruption in his Administration
Then why does trump keep saying over & over that he thinks torture is effective? Want to anger the terrorists more?!
that's because your the next to get charged with Treason
America may be destroyed by him, our children dead in war for Putin, EU trampled. Think, John!
Seems John is the one talking about Act of War  over some hacked emails, bit extreme considering what Hillary did in Russia's election.
Are you fake news?
No - we mustn't forget that PRESIDENT finds TOTURE personal ACCEPTABLE.
And you believe him? #LiarinChief
and we all know now why he and Bannon skipped the dinner and gutted state dept.Margaret Chase Smith help
You know nothing about torture songbird.
Nothing sounds promising. No faith in @GOP leadership. #destructive #dangerous
The best thing for trump to do is to go to his room & stay there, no TV, no talking to any of the crazies, no fake news,
Don't trust him Senator.  Don't be naive.
I wonder if the 2 men arrested in Russia over the hacking scandal are being tortured.  Did Trump signal Putin?
Keep telling yourself that, if it makes you feel better. But this isn't quite like last time.
You should practice what you preach. Questioning the POTUS in public is wrong. Ruins his credibility & yours. CALL HIM !
senator YOU CAN NOT LET HIM DO, NOT YOU !!!!
Senator McCain is a Republican who endorsed and voted for #Trump. Donot forget that. #Power #Opportunism #Palin
okay but do not forget that @SenJohnMcCain is a true hero who knows the meaning of values and code of honor
therefore the disappointment. How CAN he support Trump? #Conscience #DumpTrump
@realDonaldTrump Liar, Liar...pants on fire!
It may not be time to move on just yet. Unless you really like having Steve Bannon as your new boss.
@potus is destroying our relationship with Mexico hurting US jobs & manufacturing. He must be stopped.
because you are really naive and think Trump is trustworthy?
no--keep an eye on it! Please!
Stop Trump from referring to Rusdia as a friend.  Senator you must protect the USA from Trump and Russia
If Putin wanted a friend in the WH he would have donated to the Clinton Foundation, it worked to get him 20% of US uranium from Hillary.
he knew who to support. He has something on trump that has put our president in his pocket.  Wake up
I hope he means it. POTUS is unpredictable & accustomed to the singular boss. We don't need an autocrat or dictator.
How long will Trump defer? Not long I'd bet. Bannon is a vile neo nazi & running the show.
U really believe that?
Never time to "move on". They moved fastest when you turn your head. Keep your eyes on the ball
@POTUS He's always said that, but you & others need to grandstand 1st, changed nothing
Move on to banning immigrants based on religion? Move on to making Bannon a perm member of NSC?
It's not time to move on! Time to provide extreme oversight. Why is politruk Bannon in NSC and not DNI & CJCS? Come on!
No. It isn't time to move on. You know the man's heart. You have seen his soul. Rise up and be the hero we need.
@PJKINGPIN @AP as if they would want to meet with him. Dellusional much
for the sake of our nation, please stop the this lunitic
Why does Trump keep lying? Every time he speaks, he lies. What is worng with him? Oh, that's right, he doesn't care.
Thank you so much for your service and sacrifices for our Country. You are a #trueAmericanhero
No, it's NOT time to move on. We already know that 99% of what comes out of Trump's mouth is a LIE. He can't be trusted.
.          He changed his mind. Senator McCain, he must be stopped.
He also said he thinks torture works. You know otherwise. Don't let him get away with soft peddling torture and undermining our values.
Nothing to see here ... only a U.S. President advocating torture ... move along now.  WTH?!
Donald Trump is illegally violating both the Constitution and human rights to restart torture, you must act against it.
So glad you are finally ok with TORTURE JOHN!
How can we "move on?" Now we know his values. @realDonaldTrump does not represent American morals.
Not moving on.
@CapehartJ @AP ..an
American General nicknamed
 "MADDOGG " is not going to implement torture?
.@SenJohnMcCain @AP Where''s the injuries on a person who was water boarded? It strikes desperation into people but not in class of torture.
"He's not a war hero," Trump said. "He's a war hero because he was captured I like people that weren't captured"
forget?
this will be your political legacy #MuslimBan #WomensMarch #obamacare #torture. History will not be kind & career is over
How do we move on from the debacle of this man being detained that worked for our country, Mr McCain?
thanks for fitting water boarding. Please focus on DJTs relationship w Russia. If evidence shows treason he must not be POTUS
I can't even believe this is a discussion in America. POTUS has dangerous tendencies.
this type of comment/attitude is why we are here.
Why was this man reelected!We need younger fresher people in Politics NOT these old fixtures who don't know how to leave
Stop standing in the way of what our President that the people elected is trying to accomplish! Listen and Learn!
no, john. Not "time to move on".WORDS MATTER. chairman trump has spoken. Hear his words. He MUST BE IMPEACHED AND REMOVED
please vote "no" on Betsy Devoss!!
that's right rhino move on
the leader of the free-world said torturing people is ok.  oh well, lets move on folks to other unamerican things
I would be a lot happier if he said he'd defer to law.
NO Senator.  You are abdicating your responsibility!
we have learned to not trust his words.  The very fact that he believes torture is justified is deeply troubling
stop being a partisan FOOL!!  Trumls people have every intention to do everything you say they won't really do!!
McCain on Putin-"He is a thug and a bully and we can’t treat him any other way" @realDonaldTrump = same. Don't just move on.
no, America will be watching. We don't Trust Trump!
I'm surprise that YOU would be so quick to sweep this under the rug. @POTUS could court martial SECDEF if he wants to!!!
Today the idiot changes his mind. Congress needs to do it's job! Impeach him!!!!!!
YOU GUYS NEED TO SPEND $14 BIL. ON WATER B4 A WALL. GET YOUR PRIORITIES STR8 @POTUS @NYTIMES @BILLMAHER @SENATEGOP @CNN
move on, except he believes anything ugly he reads and then dumps it on the public as though it's gospel! #DumpTrump
move on is correct!
you dont actually believe him do you? Even Trump doesnt believe Trump.
NO, now it's time to watch very carefully what he DOES not what he says.
no torture ---  we are better than that !!!
But he still believes in torture. You can't move on. You can deal with him and save us!
Please explain why it is wrong to want to review vetting before allowing anymore refugees into country when coming from terrorist hotbeds?
why does anyone believe anything Trump says? Especially if it is sensible or positive?
With all due respect Mr. McCain, & I DO respect you, I don't trust Trump's words. I will be wary for a long time.
@KattyKayBBC @AP flips and then flops!!
Not time to move on! Senator come on. We need backbone!! Are you the republicans or Now Nothing Party.
Move on, I suppose, if you trust him. But why would you?
I thing that #PresidentTrump is aloof on #humanrights. The name changing does not help him. #torturewillalwaysbetorture
He's the executive producer of the Celebrity Apprentice so we know he believes in torture.
@SenSanders @realDonaldTrump Thanks John! Maybe uncle Bernie can see the light one of these days!
he'll defer? Job of the presidency is to make tough decisions not pass them down to cabinet secretaries.
@realDonaldTrump Easy enough to change the definition of torture like you did under Obama. #TermLimits #DTS
Is Mattis anti-torture?
@CapehartJ @AP guys he will not move on, he'll talk about it forever
Senator, when is the @GOP going to do something about this dangerous man! Our country is in PERIL! Do something PLEASE!
Today's EO: Pentagon #DoD ordered, rather than National Security Council, to develop the National Security Strategy.
So the GOP is willing to sell their souls & manage a Russian asset for their own gain?  That's about as bad as it gets.
you watch how Trump makes this long overdue negotiation work for America. Take notes old man. Curupt Mexico responsible
notice that Mexico's corrupt negotiating team is still talking to Trump. Do you see any wars, any action by Mexico? BALLS
Great. Maybe w can investigate why this mountain of crap is president?
Yes, move on to Russian collusion. Thank you.
Alternative facts:
Wait til 2morrow. He will change his mind.
Wait for the call this weekend, you may have to rethink. Or think at all. Putin's puppet is in the whitehouse.
@CapehartJ @AP No "Cain" you and @GOP don't get to tell Americans to move on after unleashing your impish @POTUS upon us
no it isn't!  Trump doesn't move on!! Hence focus on votes
you don't get to decide when it's time to move on. That's hysterical.
To pulling the rug out from under people or spending 20 billion in tax dollars on a wall that you can fly over?
You are a damn fool if you believe anything coming out of trumps mouth.
But will he move on.  I will if he does.
Won't move on. This does not reflect American values. @realDonaldTrump should recuse himself of American affairs till he disavows torture
An apology from @realDonaldTrump to the troops, American people is required. And he should start by apologizing to you!!!!
can't you support the people's President the way the democrats always supported Obama !!!!!
what about @POTUS use of the term "enhanced interrogation"? He makes it sound like an upgrade!
this Dem is glad ur around to stand up to Trump
They should be listening to you as well knowing your past experiences.
: there is water boarding and then there's water boarding .  Hello John . Stop the BS
@Suedeblueyez  @ what pt did you sell your soul senator  you stood against torture but not outright lies to your country
Do wish people would stop using terms "torture" & "enhanced interrogation" interchangeably.  NOT the same!
Thank God he listens to someone!  Especially someone who is informed!
He signed an open letter expressing concerns about climate change in 2009. Will he defer to the real scientists on that too?
I understand you need to move on.  You need to work in this mess. There are millions of others who will remember for you.
yeah , sounds like keeping it on the table, you know just in case we need to violate some human rights or something.
#potus.  This is what a good leader does. Defer to the people in charge SMART 
Maybe you can learn something #TERMLIMTES
your job is to uphold the constitution! Now do it! Never move on!
Right thing to do. Accountability at every position is a good, right and just thing. YK
and remember he's a chronic liar
Do not move on. Remember he's unhinged. Up to u to keep eyes on and contain his madness
See my CNN piece on the importance of having Mattis in Trump's administration:
I said it before, a USMC general with Chaos callname is bring discipline & order to #POTUS #Trump cabinet
good America doesn't torture. Unless we are force to watch senate hearings.
Senator, I'm baffled how easily were supposed to just "move on" with the crazy stuff he is saying or threatening to do?
#mattis regarding torture Agreed! Don't use torture - and move on!
THis combat vet is disgusted with a draft dodger being POTUS and publicly supporting torture.  TOTAL LOSER.  TOTAL.
the quote of media needs to shut up and listen. Congress needs too also.
that is what he has been saying. Just no one is listening.
Yeah, it's time to move on but he has just told a whole generation of kids that it's okay to torture. #notarolemodel
move on to what? Trumps next bat-shit crazy idea? Can't we just stop Trump's war on America now?
you no worry idea what you are talking about so quit talking bad are President Trump and anyways you are a fail candidate
.@SenJohnMcCain @AP The big question, sir, is why are we even talking about this? That we are calling into question fundamentals is crazy.
he was always just pandering to his wacko supporters.
What does trump have on McCain? Party over country
@KattyKayBBC @AP yep, cuz trumps word is oh so reliable.  Lol
you are complicit in Russian hacking with vote for Tillerson McPutin
and what about when Mattis quits cause trump is insane????
this is the reason I couldn't make myself vote for you. Come on, stand up and be a man
ty for keeping up the fight against torture!
Great.  Can you get Trump to stop bringing it up?
#trump is worst President ever.
pleas vote against Devos.
Our hard-nosed political correspondents weigh in on the Trumpweek that was #satire ►http://bit.ly/2iTQqfs   #POTUS
HE CAN'T EVEN INSTRUCT HIS OWN CABINET. HE GAVE UP ALL HIS POWERS, EXCEPT ONE.  TWEETER POWER. LOSER
John McCain never found a captors' tune he couldn't find a reason to sing.
Dont Believe any thing he says, watch what he does, he is disarming U and others with all his lies. Con=Bait & Switch
That's what he said a month ago, and now we are back at it.  @POTUS is unstable.
Do you think ISIS will move on as it keeps getting priceless propaganda video of Trump praising torture?
No one is moving on. This mess is yours & the GOP. 2018 & 2020 we will organize and vote all of you enablers out! DJT = YOU
Let's see who defers to who when we capture a top ISIS leader and there's a ticking time bomb...
here's another desperate attempt to thwart another thump on trump ego after the truth came out #notmypresident
A president that believes in torture is still a piece of shit & we should & will rebel openly against him.
Are you being sarcastic?
Regardless of Mattis, president of the US says torture is ok but he will defer. You cannot move on from that. Not ever.
@CapehartJ @AP The fact that he even has to defer to anyone about TORTURE is reason not to move on
It's time for you to stop being such a light weight when it concerns this man & get him mentally checked out. Seriously!
Trump needs to be drug tested too
. @SenJohnMcCain @AP we will NOT move on. We will NOT bring torture back!
Just stop.  The guys in charge will handle it.
Exactly...move on to #ImpeachTrump NOW! Emoluments & Nepotism violations. #Treasonous collusion with Russia #illegimate
But didn't he also say 'water boarding ISN'T torture' and 'fight fire w/fire'? Torture is wrong whatever form it takes!
Here ya go McCain,China and Soros. Here is what we think about your lies.
Hold him to that, please.
And yet he still supports it & believes in it. And you would trust him? He lies ALL THE TIME. So disappointed in all if u
@CapehartJ @AP We can't move on because the damage is done. The recording is used for recruitment against us. Words matter.
I wouldn't say we're anywhere near out of the woods on this topic. "Move along, nothing to see here" won't cut it.
omg omg
he lies with amazing consistency. You cannot trust a thing he says
Understanding, Sen.John McCain
Fine we can move on to the next issue, his criminal use of his political position to make money.
Mandamus is granted, CIA into Supreme Court to Voiud the Russian election. Rep's better start posturing for new elect!
@realDonaldTrump.  He says that now. TRUMP is a bully. The American people will move on when he is no longer President.
It is your duty to check this pathological liar.
and if Mattis steps down or Trump removes him? Reverts back to Trump
You talk a good game, but that's all you do. 

#Collaborator 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#GOPtreason 

#GOPtraitors
We need to use Sensory Deprivation, it does no harm and gets information.
Senator, if Trump's "principles" are only based on what one man says, or what the "law" allows, I'm not happy. Danger not over until impeach
he's always said that so move on
If you legitimize this administration Senator all the suffering you went through in that box is for nothing.
Trump has no idea what he's talking. Always deferring someone to avoid himself.
The old "You can't fire me because I already quit"
I truly hope you are correct. I am not convinced anything trump says is true.
If @POTUS says so and his name is @realDonaldTrump we can believe him on his word, don't you think so?
you're not a war hero, let's just move on? Cruz's dad's murdered Kennedy, move on? Obama's from Kenya, move on? Fuck that
Who can make him move on? Unless he's asking for investigation on Russia hacking. Not made up data about 3million votes!!
