Sir, my son proudly serves our country in his  Navy. He doesn’t complain butI know he is worked to the limits of any normal human being.
We support him all we can but fix this. This is serious stuff and we need all our sailors to know we have their backs.
24%. That's it. And MAJORITY WANT ACA. THIS IS NOT HARD. NO GC, NO R/R, WORK ON ACA!
Our sailors are stretched because of 100 hr workweeks, extended deployments & poor training. But Navy won't say that caused accidents.
WTF!?
won't adding the stress of sailors families losing their healthcare also add to stretching their limits?
NO repeal ACA, if so you are stretching stretching limits of folks to get healthcare needed!. PLEASE be a HERO again, Vote NO. #Trumpcare
"WE THE PEOPLE" HAVE BEEN VERY CLEAR. DO NOT WANT R/R, DESPITE SLOGANS. THE *POLICY* IS TERRIBLE! @GOP NEEDS TO GROW UP, WORK W/ Ds ON ACA!

@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  we beg you to please do the right thing this is not a party issue it's a human rights issue https://twitter.com/ToDropADime2/status/910924614976643073 …
That's something coming from an IDIOT that caused the biggest disaster on a ship in Naval history, the USS Forrestal,
I hope McCain never wins another election. he is a traitor to his party.
**THAT** IS WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT! Y'ALL WORK FOR *US*!
Why on Earth would u vote 4 a bill that nobody even wants? Every medical org hates. @gop 's 8 YEARS OF R/R SLOGANEERING IS NOT OUR PROBLEM!
Why Senator are you REFUSING to meet w your constituent?? Mother of very sick kids??
Exclusive:

Interview w @LittleLobbyists mother from AZ about @SenJohnMcCain's refusal to meet w her

…
https://twitter.com/chrismurphyct/status/910859850430734336 … WHY SENATOR are u NOT a Solid NO considering your words of 'Regular Order' and Bipartisanship??? What HAPPENED?
Every single health care group is begging Republicans not to do this

Doctors
Hospitals…
More bodies of Hindus brutally killed by ARSA extremists terrorists found in Maungdaw,Myanmar
How dare you act like a veteran while betraying Americans by not repealing Obamacare. Have you no shame?
OBAMACARE is/has failed. We need a replacement, but McCain just don't seem to care. He and Rand Paul should be voted out of office.

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
Interesting so many "resisters" asking for McCain intervention. Why is THAT I wonder? #AntiTrumpersSuck
Traitor to all republicans!
#GrahamCasiddy only creates problems. It is not bipartisan. It will be a catastrophe if it passes. We need you to vote no.
Please stand up against Graham-Cassidy bill - we need regular order, and a bipartisan approach to US healthcare-Medicaid
Obamacare is bankrupting the middle class!
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. This is a shameful abuse of Congress, and should be rejected on process alone.
u mean like ObamaCare was? Not!
Wow!! Anazing show of Resist bots here.
Too bad no one cared under Obama. Why was that?
Sounds more like a political issue....
It is a fact that we all have our limits

Please continue to support our health coverage, Senator, as you did so inspiringly this July!!! Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Do you people know anything about his service records before you trust him Trump 2020
HOW THE HELL DID THESE PROBLEMS EVER OCCUR ??? We should be better than this.
BOO HOO ! Stretching limits of sailors? This is peace time! Stretching limits happens during wartime! This is an excuse for incompetence!
Sing us a song, you're the songbird man...  #MAGA #DrainTheSewer (YOU!) #LockYOUUp
Stand up John for the people please . This HC bill cuts 32 million and lives will be lost . Not on your watch please ! Defend the people !
We (You and I) MUST commit heart & soul 2 robust REAL REPAIR of Navy & ACA. Let’s fix the flaws & fight 2 r death 4 these vital protections!
Sounds like this was all new news for you, Senator? Great job, great oversight. Your "watch", John.
Thanks to Sen. John McCain for always fighting for the People and the New York Times for always rocking the boat with the absolute truth.
....yet they still build minimally manned vessels, who end up deployed more than designed!!
Mavericks more than likely last Dog&Pony Senate Hearings I'm sure Maverick received many praises for his heroic lecture on low pay
John winged It His legacy: Low pay scale for seamen! He was cunning and he received approval by seamen
Mavericks brave Senate hearing only concern about the pay scale of low ranking navalmen
Maverick has always been vindictive His many defeats rejections this is why he swore to be loyal to the only institution he had control
Maverick will protect Hillary Robert Menendez before POTUS and his agenda
Maverick only stands for Maverick and his Legacy not the American people
We know your true loyalty your honor your dedication is admirable! Remember Maverick:The media will praise your loyalty to your service
We except your fraternal loyalty to The Senate!
The Senate will truly miss you and your loyalty to your colleagues! The American voters will survive and move on!
Maverick achieved his goals: Protect the Senate Final Dog & Pony Show Senate hearing and setting his final days before he exits
Your time has  past Maverick Senator
We can tell you're slipping and we feel for you but Maverick It's time to think of The Senate your number 1 priority
Maverick retire step down head back to Arizona get your personal things in order! Enjoy your time with you wife and children!
They should look in the direction they're sailing.  There, I just solved your problem.
Remember a good way to help our sailors, veterans, & all Americans is vote no on Graham-Cassidy!
You know John I'm starting think you are just out for revenge on Donald Trump and don't care about fixing our medical.
Watching Ken Burns 'Vietnam' in tears, leaning what our boys truly endured. TY Sen McCain, American HERO. Please be a hero again .. vote NO.
#Healthcare protect 9 year old Dax who was born with a heart defect which has required 3 open heart surgeries so far.
Well I certainly hope so!
Please save the Navy's healthcare! Vote NO to the Graham/Cassidy bill . You showed so much bravery in July please be bravery again!!!!
Get rid of the alcohol.
I so want to keep respecting you. Please no Graham Cassidy. Don't be bought
I urge you to vote against the Graham/Cassidy bill - it's actually worse than the one you bravely stood against earlier this summer.
You were a hero to millions when you voted no in July. Please do not betray millions of poor and disabled. Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy!
Vote no on healthcare bill
Please Please vote NO on the inhumane #GrahamCassidy!! We are counting on you!!
@SenateDems @SenateGOP

Please vote NO on healthcare

You are rich. 

Don't allow people to die because they are less fortunate than you
This is not about 'winning' 

Lives are at stake

A yes vote means you allow the death of men, women & children who don't have your wealth
#noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy
Having trouble getting thru to Sen. McCain? Try an email to his health care staffer. Tell him #GrahamCassidy is a BAD DEAL for AZ and USA
Not cave to this awful Bill

Every process complaint McCain had about the last run at repeal is even more true with Cassidy-Graham.
You owe nothing to no one WE owe you .Stay strong.
Senator , McCain we know your friends with Lindsey but sometimes friends have to disagree.Please stay strong and cave to this awful Bill.
How about #healthcare ? Please don't vote for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid for millions of disabled Americans! #Medicaid
How about concentrating on health care. we are hurting here in Az. sad!!
Please vote NO on the new health care. You know it's worse than the last one!!!!
No bi-partisanship, no CBO score-should be a no brainer! Please vote NO
How r ppl who earn <$100k p/yr..70% of Americans... supposed 2 afford $14k premiums /$10k deductible? Govern 4 ppl, not corporations, John!
How would the new health plan treat your cancer? #voteno #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Do the right thing. Vote No! on this horrible healthcare ill bill. Vote NO. Please.
If you vote YES for Graham-Cassidy then that moving speech you gave about bipartisanship and regular order was all bullshit. #regularorder
You got your $700 Billion 4 defense. You got your warmonger POTUS. Now how about voting AGAINST denying healthcare for 32 Million Americans?
Vets will be hurt if Graham-Cassidy goes through.  Please #noGrahamCassidy #VoteNo
@SenateMajLdr  is calling for a vote next week; does he have the votes?
Vote No on the healthcare bill, it's a scam.
If you vote to murder Americans by supporting Trumpcare, that will be your legacy. Shame! #healthcare
Please vote no!
John, America is counting on you once again, you know Lindsays plan is a joke, be remembered for doing it TWICE for Americans
Thank you for your efforts! Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill -we want bipartisan solutions and we believe in you!  #countryoverparty  
Please Sen McCain,  do not vote on the new health care bill.
Vote NO! #noGrahamCassidy
Could you not give me more sleepless nights and just come out with what you're gonna do? PLease
Senator, What happened to regular order and bipartisanship? Out the window?  You want this disaster to be part of your legacy? Really?
Thank you for taking swift action on this, sir!
Please Vote No on the Graham-Cassidy bill.  Too many Americans already have pre-existing conditions.  No caps lifetime!
What would you expect them to say? Actions speak louder

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Toldy ya'll so, told y'all so, told y'all so! 
Healthy is NOT just for the wealthy!
#JohnMcCainIsAFake 
#JohnMcCainIsASnake
John McCain is this you?? Please say it is not true!
@helenecooper Don't be a traitor again! Vote "yes" on health care bill!
You have turned on your own constituents with this Obamacare crap and you should be ashamed of yourself !
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy. Children with pre-existing conditions are counting on you to be their voice.
if u vote for this bill, u will you be a fraud for ur talk in July, u will do a disservice to everyone else fighting cancer.
Pls keep your GOP platform campaign promises & repeal Obamacare which is bankrupting middle class and based on lies!
We don't Need , Want, or Care for you John Mccain,! Retire, Go away, Getout of Politics now for the betterment of America & True Americans!.
Mr.McCane please say no to new health care bill.....save lives think of others think of my nephew fighting stage 4 lung cancer
My father fought in Korea. In the USAF for 25 years. He was a hero. We need you as the hero now. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. People need you.
For the love of all that's good and kind in the world, please do not vote to destroy the lives of untold numbers with #GrahamCassidyBill
Please stay strong and vote no to the Graham Cassidy bill. Not lucky enough to have your health insurance paid for by US taxpayers!
If you have a true love for the American People then YOU will do the right thing-Bi-Partisan Approach for HEALTHCARE! VOTE NO!
Just a reminder to you and your friend Hillary, neither of you are POTUS 
I'm So thankful for the fight you do for OUR military. When are you going to fight for the forgotten people who elected you over and over?
We The People need and deserve a *BI-Partisan* Approach to Healthcare! DO THE RIGHT THING SENATOR! VOTE NO!!!
Please I am begging you to vote NO Senator! I have an auto-immune disease this will put me in my grave at 42 yrs old. I live alone. VOTE NO!
Do not pass graham Cassidy. Bad bill; worse process, no CBO score  just so narcissistic POTUS gets a legislative win! will lose all respect.
No one trusts you John McCain
Remember Senator John McCain, it's the last thing you do in your life that you will be remembered for! VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE!
Imagine what your life would be like if YOU HAD NO Healthcare? Do The Right Thing & VOTE NO to the Mass Suicide Healthcare Plan!
Why are YOU AVOIDED Tweeting about this MASS SUICIDE HEALTHCARE BILL? Do The Right Thing Senator! This is Inhumane We The People Pay 4 Yours

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
#ProtectOurCare  Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy!
Our prayers are with you here in Florida
Yes for #Trumpcare

We don't need the CBO score cause we already know we're going to screw you BIGLY

We NEVER promised YOU could pay for it
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy and try to get this Congress to do right by the American people.
Please stand up for us again, sir. The Graham Cassidy bill is reckless and cruel. We need you to raise your voice against it.
#RIP 2 our sailors & soldiers lost in these & more accidents/circumstances! May GOD Bless & keep U! #Protect&Serve EB 
GrahamCassidy will hurt vets, women & kids. It's a bad bill being shoved thru. B true to your words and SAY NO. Congress should do better!
please stand up again, stay true to your word about bipartisanship. vote no on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill. same sh!tburger different bun.  
The poor little snowflakes will be weeping when you cast your vote for your boyfriend mister one-percenter
Maybe we no longer need a military larger than the next ten on the list combined. Maybe we could use that money for #MedicareForAll instead.
Sailors don't hit other ships when they're back home doing something productive.
This is hilarious the demo rats it's great to see you get down on your knees and beg McCain to help you but you'll see how he helps you
Sen McCain, please do what your mother, who was living w/Cancer, would want for all disabled babies, children, adults, seniors. Vote NO

.@SenJohnMcCain - My mom was wounded fighting for freedom. She respected you for your courage. Here's her story. PLEASE stop #GrahamCassidy 
This all, thanks to Obama's defunding of the military.
Where is your support FOR G/C? Not seeing the . Maybe that's because there isn't any from the American people--only mean republicans
He's a very bitter man he believes he should have been the president and as he gets more senile by the minute he really believes that
He doesn't care about Republicans he doesn't care about Democrats he doesn't care about independence

Please Mr. McCain Vote NO on the Graham/ Cassidy bill!!!
The only thing he did that one time for one vote Johnny was because he wanted the headlines because he only cares about himself
I guarantee all you  liberals this guy is going to vote with his boyfriend Lindsey Graham so forget your tweets you're wasting your time
These Navy sailors are being stretched too far having to work so many hrs. straight is unacceptable. Senator thank you for your service
All your liberal friends are about ready to turn on you you were there hero for a short period of time
If Graham/Cassidy fails, millions will be left without affordable Health Care. Obama ruined the Health Care system.Many just paying penalty
Something is wrong w/a system, when the easiest solution is always through manning, be it downsizing or stretching work hs. all areas
Fewer than 17% of Americans want this bill to pass. What more voting input do you need?!
Both NY TIMES AND MCCAIN ARE FAKE
Why dont you pledge to save millions of Americans their Healthcare you will also be helping our veterans with their Healthcare
Vote no on the graham bill.  Horrible health care bill.   Not good for the people of this country.  Please do the right thing!
I know @LindseyGrahamSC is your best friend. Friends don't let friends drive drunk. Stop him before he kills someone. He will listen to you
Please vote no on this disastrous healthcare bill
While you spend $700 Billion on military, you take healthcare away from 32 m Americans
While Sec. Tom Price flies around in private jets, the GOP want to take healthcare away from 32 million Americans!
Soldiers with PTSD symptoms are being redeployed. We're using the same soldiers to fight our never ending wars.
The Navy has a serious leadership problem.  Fat Leonard is an obvious signal of a troubling culture of valuing personal gain over country.
This health care plan is aweful how could you vote yes ....
@SenJohnMcCain please vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
#SenJohnMcCain, please explain to #45 the difference between the Navy and the Air Force. As commander in chief, he needs to know.
But what will you do about G-C Bill? It truly is a disgrace

McCain received $9m from George Soros: http://statefort.com/sen-john-mccain-backed-corner-refuses-tell-authorities-got-9-million-dollars/ …
Senator McCain: Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. You KNOW it's the right thing to do for the people of Arizona and the rest of the country.
What do you pledge? No loyalty to POTUS.
Regular Order Sir , please vote no 
I know you are a good man. Please do the right thing and hold your Party to a higher healthcare standard! Vote no again!
NOT CORRUPT 
SMALLTOWN/COUNTY 
DYNASTY WHO'S ONLY
GOAL IS FOR THEMSELVES AND THEIR PARTY
Removing pre-exists & not paying for maternity hurts all of us! Private health insurance follows cuz they can! Vote no!
kinda like when over a 130 sailors died on YOUR ship . remember
AND WHERE DO THESE POLITICIANS  COME FROM,,THEY COME FROM CORRUPTED ALL AREAS OF OUR GREAT COUNTRY,,TRY SELECTING GREAT LEADERS LIKE TRUMP
Please sir, vote no on healthcare bill.  I have family members in various states that will suffer greatly from it.
Ask someone smart, who you trust, the cost to the average American of health insurance under G-C with the diagnosis you're now battling.
SHAME ON OUR POLITICIANS IN THE FIRST PLACE
FOR APPOINTING THOSE WHO FAIL TO RECOGNIZE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF COMMAND
BAD POLITICIANS ALL
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy Bill. Keep America your #1 priority. We supported you.
WHO ARE THESE OFFICERS ANYWAY????
THESE ARE MOSTLY CONGRESSIONALLY
APPOINTED TO THE ACADEMY,,SO WHERE DO THEY COME FROM? SHAME!
Vote no on #grahamcassidy
WE NEED CHANGE,,IMMEDIATE CHANGE 
PROPER WATCH STANDING IS THE FIRST 
IMMEDIATE CHANGE&MORE PERSONNEL ON SHIPS TO PROVIDE PROPER COVERAGE
Arizona is NOT one of the WINNER states!
