You should retire because you are losing it. Hillary C. investigation was a different investigation from the Russian investigation. SMH
His point was extremely accurate!!The severity of this issue, how did they dismiss a criminal investigation on one side, but continue on!!!
The other investigation is Russia interfering with the 2016 election, which is ongoing.  How do you not get this?
Thats not what he had concluded!!! He emphasized that point several times. I think we all noticed it when Sen. McCain made that point.
Google "McCain Comey hearing."  Everyone is saying how confused and disoriented he was
The guy needed a meal, I saw it. from my knowledge, it is as you mentioned, but after paying attention to what was asked & answered??..??...
I don't understand what you're saying here
Which part, that McCain was tired. That i know about Hilary case.That after listening to hearings, it seems there was more to Hilary's hacks
John McCain's true colors came out today not one word about Russian interference everything about Hillary Hillary is not president McCain
Senator McCain your involving Former Secretary Clinton with Russia investigation is baseless and unfair!#Closed-case HC.
Hez just senile now..the incoherent rambling, he needs to retire..NOW!
Isn't a request to Russia to hack American individuals emails considered collusion?
You'd think!
More smearing innuendo, half truths and lies from Dems.
We witnessed yesterday at the Intel chiefs hearing that the Democrats will not accept that the intel chiefs did... http://fb.me/15ks5KWKf 
McCain you made absolutely no sense today.  Are you okay? #ComeyDay
Hez sundowning, its time..he needs to retire nw and if he wont hz famly needs to step up.
Comey testifies he doesn't know what POTUS meant, draws his own conclusion, but doesn't ask, "boss what do you mean"? Not credible.
The POTUS is not the boss of the FBI director 
Yes he is!  he can hire and fire them! Thr jst not suppsd to hve a close relationshp due to pssbl improprieties.
Please do not repeal Obamacare.  We must maintain Obamacare in good working order 
@SenFranken ... please remind Sen McCain that fake news is NOT an acceptible strategy for seeking truth. DEVIN NUNES anyone???
After all you suffered, you are defending trump for your party, now you are acting shamefully against your country.
Mr. McCain I hope you're feeling better you did seem out of sorts but I'm behind you 110% on the questions that you posed to Comey.
"Didn’t tell us anything that we don’t already know" http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/democrats-are-hoping-this-is-watergate-but-in-reality-comeys-testimony-turned-out-to-be-a-huge-nothing-burger … #ComeyHearings
But now its on the record.
Is this a political version of bait n switch?I'll pretend I am on your side, in order to cause subterfuge behind the scenes, then leak info.
Senator, why did you spend so much time asking Comey about Clinton?
He dznt know! Hez senile now and needs to retire..period!
 You are my Rep & I have never been more ashamed. Resign if you cannot or will not do your job. AZ & USA needed clarity & you failed us
Stop singing McCain you hurt our Country enough!
DRAIN THE SWAMP COMEY WAS FIRST TO GO
Trumputin biggest swamp thing in the swamp! Alng wth Jff Sessns,nazibart Bannon, evil Mitch McConnell, and punk Paul Ryan.
OMG so done with this story, get Senate to work on Taxes and AHCA.  We have real problems that need to be addressed! Do your job!
That was disgraceful of you Senator, attacking Comey on Clinton and giving Trump a pass.
Resign
Comey is a traitor and a liar.. Mueller is his buddie & they are both friends of the Clinton's! Should recuse himself as spec. prosecutor.
That is one angry man. Look at his face. He had one job - to take out the president and he was fired before he could execute. #Revenge
and less than four months DT is turning things around LIKE YOU CAN"T BELIEVE YOU R EYES and you are PEE GREEN WITH ENVY!! LOLOL
were you in the room when Obama and Brennen planned this along with comey so that they could -prevent him from SAVING AMERICA?
what a drama queen and a liar ... he literally enjoyed letting our NEW PRESIDENT feel so much hurt dealt even BY YOU JOHN for no reason!
Comey, Lynch and Bill Clinton all should be investigated for their roles in interfering in FBI investigation of criminal charges against HC
Have you called your good friend and contributor Paul Manafort lately?
A big unemployed nothing burger
God help you media matters db
#ThatThingYouDo Are you having a stroke?
Meagan McCain and rst of hz fmly need to step in NOW! and tke hz drvr lic and hz senator card!
Diety on a pogo stick, do you still actually think John McCain will do anything about health care for working people?
NO AND NO!
Obviously, has more balls than you McCain.
Comey-a real snake and liar. Comey-has leaked more than once to hurt our President. No collusion, No obstruction of justice-ONE HUGE LIE!
Dude! Time to retire! U cdnt tll the dffrc betwn HRC case and trmps on going case!u rambld made no sense, clld Comey president sevrl tmes!
Where the asinine tweeter will NOT point out the violations of the law by your buddy.
Im not a fan of his, but its obvious hez senile now and needs to be retired 4 the country's sake.
proud of Mr Comey for wearing big boy pants and be truthful enough of Trumps acting performance

@SenJohnMcCain kept confusing the e-mail investigation and the #RussiaGate investigation. DOJ should be looking at both campaigns.


NO one is above the law, not even a Republican. The President Obstructed Justice. Do your job.
Hez too senile now..to do his job
Sleazy John McCain defends Trump -
And hez also too senile to be in office anymore!
Ol' Fool!!!
McCain - All talk & no patriotism. Sold your soul and country to your corrupt party and president. Shame on you, disgraced your uniform.
Your staff should have turned down the offer for you to be part of questioning today. Americans are shocked and saddened.
@SenJohnMcCain John, you made a grave mistake to not ask pertinent question during your opportunity to question Comey. COMPLICIT!
He is doing a much better job than McCain.  What is wrong with him?  He can't even remember tRumps name!
All of us believe Comey over trump. What kind of world is this that everyone knows the president lies - all the time? Trump is a DISASTER!
Thank you James Comey! We appreciate your service!
The #Spineless #NoPrinciples @gop -now the #RussianRepubliskum party of #Treasonoustrump- #PowerBeforePatriotism
 #TheResistance
He leaked to the Press! Unbelievable!
McCain cant remember the presidents name, he keeps calling him Comey, Clinton InVes was over conclusion reached, Trump still ongoing. #Dumbo
Time for McCain to retire.
We say this again @SenJohnMcCain is a coward and a traitor to our country. He is complicit and defends the interest of Vladimir Putin.
I can't believe what you are saying
Moth danced a bit to close to the light. And he wrote a December 7th file in advance. A man of honor would've excused himself from meeting.
He is angry with hurt feelings.
https://youtu.be/YGiDbIVhgkM   The day the Music died at the DNC..
No TV? Watch Comey hearing here LIVE.
Where is here?
If we wanted truth he would face council not senators. This is smoke & mirrors.
? who ?
Let him be 100% honest pls #comeyhearing
