You were part of depletion of the military.
Liar liar pants on fire
Yea, right. How long have you been a Senator? You are part of the problem.
Wasn't it Bush who got us into War?
50% of the US budget wasted on military madness
We have, by far, the most expensive military in the world. You want to cut education 'cause it's too expensive, not the inefficient military
The defense spending is so high b/c of private contractors. Military personnel aren't paid that well. We have wrong priorities as a country.
The GOP run Congress did far more with austerity measures. Take credit where it is due. We can't run without a budget.
this POTUS Trump has done . Sent US(A) into outer space without a safety line.
Yes .. under your watch !
maybe the military needed a little depleting.
IF THE US IS #1 AND SPENDS MORE THAN THE NEXT 12 COUNTRIES COMBINED IT CAN CUT THE WAR DEPT BUDGET BY 50% and not SUFFER.
Then how about some spending accountability??? Stop letting contractors be greedy and over charging. You know like Halliburton and Cheney do
You were part of that depletion. RESIGN NOW
I'm glad you brought this up. POTUS Obama a great job in getting this Country back on HER feet. It was a huge BALANCING ACT. Now look what
If the Pentagon can't get by on their tiny budget of $600 BILLION, perhaps they need to learn to live within their means. #auditthepentagon
Stop funding War Senator.
So says a man who did more than almost anyone to deplete the blood/treasure of our nation in service of private profits and blind ideology.
Like you and your peers plan to deplete the country through predatory health care policy?
Hey aren't you a member of Congress?
John you are in Congress!!  30 some years??   What exactly did you do about it??
Glad you included yourself. I don't believe Obama brought on sequestration !!
George soros backs McCain
Yea because Bush and his two wars had nothing to do with it. Stop watching the Diamondbacks and do your damned job
And keep your BIG MOUTH GOING like on health care, you will put them BACK INTO POWER. Are you that senile? My son military & your scary
Largest most powerful and most expensive military in the planet and yet we're depleted?
If u can't 'defend' the US, its interests and allies for $900 billion then you are crap at your job and should stand down. Retire John.
How's your wife's new job in the @realDonaldTrump's administration?
Not so. We spend 5 times more than anyone in the world.
What have you been doing for the past 8 years? Good lord. Stop blaming and focus on the current crises we are facing. Wake up or resign.
So true!  54% isn't nearly enough.  Why waste money on education, infrastructure, and healthcare?--
Actually it was the Republican congress that refused to give Obama war powers.
This article is very biased and misleading.  Doesn't  take into account the effect of the Bush years and ongoing wars. FAIL! Do better.
The military budget was over bloated. Bush team said same about Clinton but his military was good enough to win in Afghanistan
Just stop it!
So how about all the people going hungry here, how about those who can't afford their meds? Where's the $ for that?!
Yes so where was the GOP????
we need to increase spending 75000 fold to stop the threat of  from the horsehead nebula.  I cant sleep. #panic  @NASA
How can a military with a budget > the next 7 largest be depleted?  Unless, of course, those funds never got to the troops
Written by Dick Cheney... come on John. Seriously?!? Something for the Trash bin! Wasting time to read this warmongering Bull S**t!
@DickDurbin @SenDuckworth War mongering Congress supporting Corporate Military Complex Eisenhower warned about are REAL THREAT to Nation.
How ?  We spend more money than the next 10 countries combined.  We already spend too much on military, not enough on social programs .
Remember what General Smedley Butler, USMC, wrote..... "War is a Racket" @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @dougducey @RepMcSally
Are you friggin kidding me?!
So why are you undermining the POTUS that WE THE PEOPLE elected? Congress has the opportunity of a lifetime to save America.
Corruption in the Navy didn't help either. 
Bank failures/economic meltdown in 2008 a reason for budget woes.
Two wars brought up deficit.
Who let them? Rhinos
Just yesterday you were blaming Trump, look in the mirror Sir, how many rubber stamps did you give the bum Obama, how long you in Senate?
How many times do we have to learn this lesson?
And what role did you play in the process. Maybe spending more time with your colleagues instead of doing the world tours?
Well congrats! You now have a POTUS u can be proud of. Good luck with World War 3.
Yes and you didn't do a dam thing to stop it. My hero lol
Our military strength is not the problem. It's the effectiveness of state dept and strength of character , or lack of, in our leaders
Must read? Spare me! Stop effing tweeting and DO YOUR JOB!!!!!
Transparency in government  a concept no one seems to be aware of even Obama couldn't stick to that one what about you repubs of Darkness .
Duh !
Now fix it
More lies from GOP war mongers
This is what Trump has been telling for years Sir. Do u agree with him now?
Um. Didn't you vote for this illegal war of aggression based on manufactured intel?
That'll be a welcoming news if true, but it isn't.
From the war criminal Cheney.  What an old fool.
When Congress allowed the across the board sequestration cuts in 2013 rather than work together, that did the majority of the damage.
What are we doing about sanctions regarding Russia for interfering in our election?
Well John McCain it's time to start working with our president and not the Dems. Please put America first
Oh so Obama was all of Congress and voted several times by himself? Okie dokie.
Leave OBama and his administration alone-I didn't see you help !i didn't see you put Country over Party.Youve got a mobster in WH!
Gosh Senator, thought Congress has been Republican for the last six years
Plus, McCain, you have a very mean smile when you are being asked questions by reporters! Questions they should ask?! What happened to you??
Spending more than the next 10 countries combined on fat, bloated, cost-plus, no-bid defense contracts is "starving"? @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ
Byline: Dick Cheney?!?  Bwah ha ha! Not partisan at allllllllllll.... Smooth move WSJ! Why give Darth Maul a platform?
You have lost all of your Honor and Integrity, Sir! You fought for our Country were imprisoned, tortured..to sacrifice it on the altaroftrum
What the hell have they been doing with all that money if they aren't ready to fight?
Hey @SenJohnMcCain since you're not going to to anything about the bully in the Whitehouse, America has no use for you. Go away. #POSgop
I believe "squandered" is a more accurate term
It's funny when you read "depleted military" when you know spends more than next 7 countries combined..it's crazy
Bring back the DRAFT....FILL Up the navy, marines, Air Force,Army..with the snowflakes  and liberals..that complain..
Why did he stay up watching a baseball game again?
McCain wants a military state based on old tech ideas , New Weapons that need less people to run is the future of war
Didn't you just tweet yesterday about the problems getting the overly complex and expensive F-35s to work properly.
I thought you opposed gov waste.  WTF?
Was it because he was trying to decrease our involvement in Afghanistan? Why were we there? Remind me. Wait . . GW Bush?
blame Obama, because he didn't give your wife a cushy job.
Because we wouldn't want to spend less than 3X what the next biggest military-spender in the world spends?
Congress that means you had a part in it. You Mr swamp dweller
Enough of Obama good Lord move on and whet about you the GOP blocking bills that would helped our Veterans the hypocrisy with GOP
Glad you are finally taking part of the blame where was congress with any plans he could approve??
John of course-not part of the "placating-passive" non-confrontational ideology-but we let him do it and his crew @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Forget Obama. What are we doing about it NOW?  Let the blame game stop with you.
Why is that a must read right now? Obama isn't the POTUS now & military is still bigger than any other. Right now trumps a threat.
Just don't have ANYTHING in the budget for that FUCKING STUPID wall!!!
Sir, @BarackObama is no longer there. Has it improved with #TheGreatOrangeHope? How's that working out for our military?
Sen McCain, I respect you for your service, I voted for you, I am a Navy vet, you sure didn't do much to stop this gutting of the military
No, Congress did. Obama did not have the power to set the budget. No president does. You know that already.
Hell yes
Must read- John McCain has depleted his supply of medication, thus the constant state of mental confusion.
And you're depleting america and your own credibility, what's new?
You are the committee chairman?  Even if not chairman you are on the committee. Thanks for pointing out you incompetence.
AMERICA MUST RE-ENACT THE DRAFT!
The draft? America already has one of the worlds largest military
A reminder: Military threats aren't the only threats. And it would help to have a stable, competent leader, unlike Trump.
Hey Bauer your PhD is showing no class
If I start going around bragging about sexual assault or attacking Gold Star families, then we can talk about "no class".
and your man in the WH is depleting the working class, John. Do something about it!!!!
John's not going to do shit about it I'll he's waiting on his that next paycheck if y'all have not realized government don't care
So we spend money on war machines while our infrastructure, health care, poor & seniors need help now? I'm not sure that's a good priority.
What are they doing with all the money. I thought you were the watch dog!
Is that why its global presence increased consistently?
