not a hero, he's a traitor
Senator we need you to continue to question all of Trumps actions. He is poisoning our country. Help us!
And rich. Please represent AZ. You have forgotten those that elected you. Disagree with your president all you want, but represent AZ
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUR BEAUTIFUL WIFE CINDY, I HOPE SHE HAD A WONDERFUL N BLESSED BIRTHDAY
She should be ashamed having a traitor for a father
Back our President McCain... I voted for you when I didn't want to... get over your little tiff with the President and help save our Country
Or please retire. Enough with your partisanship already! !!
Really? Diverting drugs that were meant for other countries sick people?? Least we forget??
Which one is John?
Gee that's not what I've heard from anonymous sources. CNN
Give America a present for her birthday. Retire.
Retirement is good now.
Please dont leave this caos do not retire please
Keep up the good work. Happy Birthday
Traitor
We support the President you should to!
Quit being a RINO. I'm a Republican and your not. Support our President help him Drain The Swamp Dwellers !
that would mean McCain would have to drain himself. I'm ashamed the fake republican is my senator
vote all swamp dwellers out
You the only senator from the conservative side i do Respect and believe
Two old farts ...
Speak for yourself! Everyone else cant stand your liberal hubby!
John McCain is a scum bag his day will come

.@SenJohnMcCain Sir we are fed up with those of you in DC who are still #nevertrump and working against him. Please do us a favor and resign 
Back the @POTUS you liberal hack, we are sick of you siding with them!
C'MON dude! I'm a harsh McCain critic, but we don't dis the family. We leave that for the left. But what we do say is, she's the better 1/2.
K68 is rite Lady Cindy is the winner who likes a loser womanizer
I see your prostate is working well Senator
#ImpeachJohnMcCain
And you, Senator McCain, make us so disappointed.
She would not have a job if you were not in Office
@SenJohnMcCain , You are a Traitor 
Married to a traitor.  Stop hindering Pres Trump.  Vote for the tax cuts
Support your President, you coward. Your condemnations are always at GOP.  To get media love. Sickening!
Happy bday Cindy, take her dancing!!!
Show some live for the hart of the American war horse, my second favorite vet, second only to my grandfather, who gave his life for country
Love not live
TRAITOR
You are a good man!

Congratulations to a great Senator.
She's a beautiful lady!
Courageous and great lady!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MRS. McCain
Why not spend more time exposing government slush funds @ pentagon & less time on birthday announcements? Also, stop hurting our president!
You look lovely together
I hope I ever have a good looking wife till we die together
you are such a beautiful couple God Bless you both
You need to ride off in the sunset and retire. You have way overstayed your welcome. Now be a good ole boy and ride off into the sunset?
Traitor
Cindy ser verkligen ung ut , John. Ärligt sagt.
i'm not relate SKorea Gov-Politicians n Companies. Almost are my enemies.
Wish yall the best!
Happy Birthday!
you are the reason I want term limits
HBD! Cheeeeer's! 
Please stand up for AMERICAN CITIZENS AND IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT BEFORE HE DOES ANYTHING ELSE.
Not happening, get over it
Not really
"Treat me like the hero I AM" you throw it out there on a regular basis, the people who died in Benghazi are the HEROS
pissed at Trump for his comments about your service time POW, you use your time in Vietnam to your convenience,
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain!
SPECIAL COUNCIL for NO EVIDENCE TO INVESTIGATE TRUMP, WHAT ABOUT BENGHAZI/EMAILS/LEAKS........
You and the rest of you FRAUDS need to get behind the President which WE THE PEOPLE VOTED INTO OFFICE
retire.
That's a hot couple!
This is should be the first couple!
Traitor McCain
McCain you are so interested in Russia....Why don't you play Russian roulette. Do America a favor.
LMAO. I gotta steal that comment...
Happy Birthday Mrs. M
If only all Republicans placed country above self like you. Happy Birthday ma'am!
He married her for the Budweiser fortune, nothing more, nothing less. Question, why did she marry him?
The wealthy can afford healthcare.  UR so proud that U&URs rSUPER RICH & get TaxPayer pd healthcare. Giddy up scoundrel
She is so sweet
Can you just resign or defect to the Progressive party? You give GOP and patriots a bad name.
Not your husband, tell him to retire
Hey old hack retire, you have made you millions allow "We The People" to make our choices right or wrong let us decide. #draintheswamp
Happy Birthday Cindy! You're married to a good guy. #HappyBirthday
Retire liberal moron
I wish you were our President.
Happy Birthday! Impeach 45!
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain
Happy birthday to your lovely wife @cindymccain, it is also my son's 21st birthday today too! 
Happy Birthday , Cindy. I appreciate the support you and your husband have given to Syrian people like myself.
Please retire....I beg you.... you've done enough damage to this country !!!
Please make the 65 million americans that voted our president into office proud and stop making so much trouble  it does not help anything
Tell Cindy we ALL KNOW her HUSBAND IS A TRAITOR! 
Stop ATTACKING @POTUS!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUR BEAUTIFUL WIFE CINDY
@SenJohnMcCain it's your time to make us proud
He needs to go into hiding
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday to your wife John.
With all respect, why should we be proud of your wife? I know nothing about her.
Happy Birthday Cindy hope your having a great B-Day.
Happy birthday, Mrs. McCain. We wish you many more happy & healthy ones.
Hope you retire soon!!
Happy BDay Cindy ..Well done Jone! From All Your Canadian Friends in Alberta Canada
Beautiful. Love these two people !
God Bless You Both!
Feel sorry for U Cindy. To see a hero turn into a coward all for the sake of party. He will always be remembered now for his silence.
Now you do the same.
naja. geht so. stay tuned
Retire john
Wish her the best. So sad to be married to such an awful creep. Please leave AZ. You're a hack!
Happy Birthday to the long standing mistress. You should keep some things- private!
Happy BIrthday!
he should retire as a present for the President
I'm a Democrat here. I have a lot of respect for u  like my former Sen, J Kerry does. Happy Birthday!
John are you seeing a pattern that dems love you?  You fake republican do us a favor and resign.
Senator... I'd ignore the Trumpkins. They're not patriots. Again, Happy Birthday, Cindy.
@MeghanMcCain @cindymccain Happy Birthday! This Bud is for you! 
Why do you and the rest of the D.C. 'Swamp' continually resist what the people voted for: ACA Repeal, TaxReform?- just for starters. #swamp
Happy Birthday to Cindy. She is pretty and obviously supportive. Don't like the Mr. much.
Happy Birthday Senator McCain! @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain @cindymccain @OutnumberedFNC @FoxNews
Our teenagers, young adults and children to see what's going on. They will think corruption is the right thing to do.
You meant with Hillary, right? What corruptions...please give us some examples.
Country. After people like you, my dad and countless others that have put their lives on the line for this country. It makes me sad for
Tell John to retire for your birthday.  His ideas are outdated and he is doing this country and injustice.
and a Sailor in World War II. I normally don't get involved, but somehow I hope President Trump resigns. He has made a laughing stock of our
No....he has not....it's the idiots tuning around burning flags and beating up people. Did you see the respect from Saudi Arabia...Israel
It's my birthday as well! Happy Birthday Cindy
Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday, Cindy! Have a great day!
Happy Birthday Mrs Cindy McCain
I must say both of you look younger everytime I see pics of you. I was born and raised here in Phoenix, my dad was a Phoenix Police officer
Beautiful lady!  Happy Birthday
Please ask your husband to retire.
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain. Beautiful as always.
John please remember to be a Patriot first before partisanship ... Please the country needs a few honorable republicans !
Happy Birthday!! To your (wife) Cindy McCain; Sen. John McCain; God Bless!!
Us?  How?
Happy Birthday Cindy , maybe you can convince John to stop being a democrat. He's what we call a rino , Republican in Name Only . Trump
Celebrate your special day! Thank you for your humanitarian efforts.
Happy birthday!
Keeping peace and unity in the Republic life in Christ Jesus is the best we need to stand with our president and not cause confusion
Happy Birthday, Cindy!  Are you going out and burning some rubber on this happy day? 
Congratulations, Cindy. This Bud's for you!
Happy Birthday to a great lady!
What a sweet, sweet picture of you, Senator McCain, and your very pretty wife Happy Birthday, Cindy
Happy birthday! Have a wonderful day.
I had a really good sandwich today
Happy Birthday@cindymccain !
She deserves a Medal of Honor being married to you!
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain! 
Happiest of Birthday's from Canada!
where does your daughter get her big ass tits from?  definitely not mamma mccain
I like those happy faces. You guys look like you just got the news that Trump is gonna have to do prison time. I'll be smilin' with ya.
Not happening
No name calling please for JM. John is an honorable Vet. Different opinion - US is a Free country.
Happy Birthday Cindy McCain you do not look a day over 20 still beautiful
A beautiful rose for a beautiful lady.  Happy birthday!
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday Mrs McCain!!!
As do you, Senator
Lovely picture.
Happy Birthday Mrs McCain.  John, time for you to make us all proud again.
have an awesome birthday
Happy Birthday Cindy!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY,Cindy!

