hallo sir my name Elisha can you help me please
No he cant help anyone but himself 
why

#AwanBrothers all will be revealed. Hope you weren't compromised with doped Blackberrys. Thank you DWS
Can't wait till we don't here from a traitor senator like you anymore
Drop Dead Traitor
I wont celebrate the life of a soldier who is responsible for the death of 133 ppl thru negligence. His Admiral daddy paved his way. No hero
Totally agree with you
Georgia lord us such a hipocrite
Must have been a LOT of pork fat in that bill that you gained from
Please John get your head out of Pelosi dress,Remember you took money from Clinton on that Russian deal.Do Americans a favor resign
thank you for all you do. your are a true american hero
What do you call 1000 lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean? Same true with you bill. Move few billion from bloated defense!!!
Senator McCain you are truly a hero. Thank you !
You were so wrong on this. You jumped.
#repealMcCain
Ain't happening.
Pray for McCain - RETWEET
Dear Heavenly Father please take these Obama cronies of the earth and straight to hell, #McCain no war hero, Polosi,Ect
Republicans blocked first responder HC for 10 years. It took Hillary in the Senate to get those brave souls the HC they deserved. true story
Senator TOM CARPER of Delaware; Vietnam Veteran, served this country proudly. Speaking Now before U.S. Senate begins August recess.TRUTH

Yay Congress!  You can do it if Donnie stays out of your way!!
Again, you can only think of yourself. We want Obamacare replaced, not your personal agenda. Pls represent Republicans, you're harming us.
Love senator McCain. Mayor lord is a tool
@SenJohnMcCain what about your black arms to syria? silk airways secret cia sound familiar. All info @GeorgWebb
Cute little bills are fun while the rest of us have horrible healthcare & are being over taxed. But, please, don't give us a care.
Oh this was the trade for your TRAITORIST VOTE ON REPEAL REPLACE !! Your a pc of SH*t !
Your lib buds
Thank you for passing the safer grant legislation sir. Our communities stay safer for your efforts!
It's nice to see you still active on social media, sir. Stay blessed and get well soon.
why
McCain has proven himself to be a petty old man who has lived off a fake legacy. He thru his State under the bus to get even w/ POTUS.
Sad and about as sick as a person can be D.Diane
Try to show a little respect and true knowledge
Then he should resign...NOW! #RepealMcCain He dealt a death blow to millions of Americans suffering under #Obamacare
People continue to suffer because of 3 dishonest Republicans!
Health insurers in Idaho request premium rate hikes as high as 81 percent - via @FreeBeacon 
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/03/health-insurers-in-idaho-request-premium-rate-hikes-as-high-as-81-percent.html …
All u Senators are either fools,wich is the MST probable,or ur in on it nd ur as guilty as John is.u will share the same sentence as him!
Tell evry1 bout the missile u shot on deck tht  killd,blinded,nd deformd 100s of soldiers nd u didn't evn hop us.pappy nd dady protected ya?
If u didnt wrk on the aircraft carrier John McCain shot a missile on,100s killd nd 100s mor blinded,nd deformed.shut up about hm bein a hero
Face the facts you are a liberal why try to fool your supporters shame on you
You already knew OCare is dead and has been for 3 yrs so don't lie about your reasonings. Just get the damn thing buried already.
RESIGN
Lov your daughter, but don't feel same about you. U r a nice guy, like J.Carter, but a sad fool. NOT for real decisions! Listen to Trump!!
Hope you pass quickly so Obamacare can be repealed.
Please retire for the good of the country. You are the swamp
It's bullshit!  You should have what we have! Supposedly you are servants? Guess not
https://www.pscp.tv/w/bFBjvzUwMDgwNTJ8MWxER0xrRXpXRXlLbcWXqOuTXqt3ZuO8uPVY-zmPcFtsQ4_Jij1_GedIILhR …

If it isn't good enough for congress or the senate why is it good enough for us?
Why are you guys exempt!
How is your health hope you recover soon. But I want health care like yours not aca. 
I want to know why you don't have it, aca that is.
Thank you Senator McCain and other Senators. You are a true American heroes to support our firefighters.
You sorry insider ineffective senators like you need term limits because you forget what it's like to be a regular American
So Chris Murphy is bragging about what you said to him on the way for the final vote on healthcare. Disgusting.
How is healthcare coming Senators ??

We need leadership in Washington!  Thank you for the courage and leadership you have demonstrated!
You're a traitor, liar, & fraud, resign immediately!! You're gonna go out a loser instead of a savior all for Trump beef, your rep is over
You let everyone suffer just to stop Trumps agenda, you can't and won't, Thank God you're not President, you campaigned on repealing #fraud
What are you doing about the RUSSIAN take over of our democracy? Your silence is a disgrace!
Go Maverick!
https://www.pscp.tv/w/bFBjvzUwMDgwNTJ8MWxER0xrRXpXRXlLbcWXqOuTXqt3ZuO8uPVY-zmPcFtsQ4_Jij1_GedIILhR …

https://twitter.com/kwilli1046/status/892772825718693889 … ah the truth!
Interesting Expose on John McCain by Vietnam Vets & POW's. True? You Decide. https://www.pscp.tv/w/bFBfzzUwMDgwNTJ8MXpxS1ZSbllZZHdLQgiCAJTpvzJukEoP9P2woondKaJQXAglTs3hmOW5RueV …

You're a fake hero. So sorry I wasted my 2008 vote on you.
#25ththe45th #25thAmendmentNow
Great Mr No, gets a yes. Zonies  Dump this fraud.  He does nothing. All is staged.
It is hard to celebrate anything you consider a victory b/c the PPL deserve better representation. Career pols serve self & that defines U

I know you hope 1000's   You are a democrat!
How many Americas will die because of you McCain?
Your one of the few Republicans I can have some trust to be patriotic so please sit down with Bernie and help get Republicans on track
You betraid us in Vietnam! And you have never stopped!
Hey songbird. That's the name the other POWs call you. You betrayed the POWs that were never brought home when you blocked the bill in 1992
Damn what a memory but I bet Mac has not lost any sleep over it
McCain is nothing like the man the media likes you to think he is. The way he blocked the accounting of the POWs left behind is terrible
President Trump has done more for Americans and veterans then you've done in 20 years Think about that coattails
Too bad you didn't support your president on health care.
Hope you are feeling ok !! You speak truth to power , we need you !!
Yeah, just like these comical commies:
"PHYSICIAN & Wife Jump To Death Because They “Can’t Afford The Health Care” Only Hours After Obamacare Vote" Look it up.
Why do you and other members of Congress receive a 72% subsidy for healthcare? Why don't I & everybody else in the country get same subsidy?
Awesome! I have so much respect for you .... but that orange buffoon, zero. Great job Senator!
All about you ain't it John boy. #termlimits
What about Obamacare Repeal Bill to relieve the Socialist healthcare nightmare forced on people of this country? Do you support the people?

Surrendering to the enemy is not heroic. Your life has been a sham and your only goal was power and wealth. Sacrificing young soldiers for $
I wish you a strong recovery, but I sure hope your career ends soon... #MAGA

President Trump's approval rating is down to 33%, according to a new poll http://cnn.it/2f9w1Ha  
yup and the polls said he couldn't win the election ya da ya da ya da. Probably polled in DC
Thank you Senator and take care. Prayers for you
Typical of a liberal. Spend MY MONEY in a bill then you get all the credit for "supporting" someone deserving. Toot that horn, old man.
Trump more outraged by Russia sanctions than Russian hacking of US election. Time to impeach this POTUS, a Putin puppet.
Did you ever consider that YOU may be the puppet of the "fake media?" Russians wanted Hillary the idiot to become POTUS.
Great example of the power of bipartisanship and putting the needs of the people ahead of politics. Bravo, senators!
Retire...
There is nothing you can do to wipe away .."Let's see Donald make America great again now." It was a vindictive vote for a fake hero.

Thank you for all you have done for our country. I am not a republican but I have great respect for you . Sir you are a hero , Thank You
Democrats love other Democrats. He was a hero, until he wasn't. He gave a death blow to millions of Americans suffering under Obamacare.
Well done, Senator. What steps might you be taking to provide adequate mental health funding, edu, and access for public safety w/ PTSD?
I must block you. You make me sick just reading your posts. You are so full of self promotion and BS. Why did I wait so long.
On what. Enlighten me

Please ! Stop Trump now. Please
Stop AlQaeda backer #AbuMccain
Sad you couldn't do the same for millions of Americans suffering under Obamacare!!!
Sad you work against making America Great Again!
I can't figure why they should pass ANYTHING you as a TRAITOR propose after your spiteful vote on Obamacare. You disgust me as no other can
Haha. But he has pull!  And respect!
You should send to the surgeon general - if Trump has one yet
Thank you sir.
All due respect sir you really need to switch to the Democratic party
another win for the "Big Rino"
