Noone gives a shit what you have to say. You're a sellout neocon traitor pushing for WW3
Good
What are you going to do when President Trump lifts all sanctions on Russia?  Guess Ukraine will be abandoned.
Senator! The country is protesting! No Wall! WE WANT TO INVESTIGATE HIM! TAXES! RUSSIAN CONNECTION. NOW!
McCain needs Gun Running Investigation ! NeoCon PRofiteer!
I see, just another nut case deplorable, huh? Oh goody.#IllegitimatePOTUS #PutinPussy #Resist
FYI I was tracking McCAin gun run when Benghazi happened.
Thats a real good place for you to spew you crap.. That's all they deal in over there. UL fit in fine.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMcYqtayU7c …
Block DeVos. She is unqualified
Who cares what you bladder out?You're a traitor to we the people and your party, go cry to Obama or Hillary otherwise shut up
I'll ask you "why did you betray Trump with your dirty trick?
Please be true to the country and VOTE NO for Senator Sessions. It's the right thing for America. Thanks.
Keep it coming, Senator! You were a hero years ago. be one for us today!
. Begging you: DJT showing horrible in-American autocratic tendencies. Step up for the Constitution.
This just in ... Sen. McCain joins Sen. Graham in promoting the democrats
Discuss the dossier! What happened to it? We will not get diverted from the truth. #ImpeachThisMadman 
It's really sad to see principled men like John dirtied by the likes of Trump. This is a nightmare.
No money for the stupid wall!!!
Oh, how is Pres. 'I SEE DEAD PEOPLE' voting working out for you?
protect medicare and social security  ACA you promised  President Trump protect preexisting conditions .
Thank you for all you're doing to stand up for integrity.Please investigate donald's #conflictsofinterest

@realDonaldTrump @GOP spending too much time here and at #CNN time to shut up and get on the #TrumpTrain
No One watches MSNBC, might be a good place for you Senator. I can't believe how you are acting.
thank you Senator Cain for having the courage to do the right thing.
hopefully your retirement will be #1 topic
.@SenJohnMcCain @Morning_Joe @MSNBC May God bless you! Thank you!
Continue to take a stand and hold POTUS accountable!
ипать-колупать! Сама невинность!.. 
Кашолка старая... @Morning_Joe @MSNBC
will you please help sVe this country?
McCain is a Rino, is senile and should resign.
I believe you're fantasizing - you weren't elected pres, @realDonaldTrump was - return to your office!!
I notice you hang with the dishonest media - wha - can't handle real questions from legit media!!
THEY USE THE OLD MAN..We Who Like The senator are Confused?? WHY A FAR LEFT REPUBLICAN HATING  TV SHOW?
HERO? Pull that man out...STAND FOR . STOP the madness. WE ARE LOSING RESPECT & TRUST IN YOU!
Talk about how the border wall will crush the 200 billion dollar yearly trade in Laredo, Texas.
dont use my tax dollars to build an unnecessary wall! There is no need for it #nowall #fightthewall
please admit @realDonaldTrump is a fraud and a liar.
John McCain さん

　Getting ready to join ◯◯

Thank you very much.

@SenJohnMcCain @Morning_Joe @MSNBC #MSNBC
Do not let that clown invade Iraq again Senator. If you have the clout to stop him..act now. Now.
Good Wednesday Morning,Sen.John McCain
We gave Trump a chance...HE HAD HIS CHANCE ..THIS WAS HIS CHANCE..TIME2GET REAL,HES A FCKING NUTCASE, U
sir PLEASE do something about trump before it's too late.  This man is not in his right mind. He will destroy America.
Hopefully and update on the 6 TRILLION dollars the Pentagon lost..That's a lot of taxpayer money that just went poof
No Fox?
You sure look like a Rino, do  you ever actually work with other Senators, besides your bedbuddy Grahm.
everything with a wall falls
Please speak up against the silencing of the EPA and USDA! Oh, and all the lies coming from the WH! You have the power!!!
Senator I stood up for you when this boob made fun of you as a prisoner of war. Will you not stand up !
enough of this party at all cost crap.
Stop the Hillary Clinton 20 % stock sale of uranium mine.. Foundation got $10 million pay to play fee.
Fraudulent media: https://godislonely.com/2017/01/23/god-is-lonely-viii-mainstream-media-fraudulence-in-reporting-the-inauguration/ …
Please deny Betsy DeVos, she will be a disaster.
I hope you would introduce a resolution stating the senate's position on standing by our allies in @NATO
@JoeNBC @Morning_Joe @MSNBC Do your job and tell Trump don't suppress science.  #ScienceMarch #ScienceNotSilence
how can u sit upright with no spine?? Kissing Orange Clowns Ass looks good on you!!
Can you discuss our country's decent into fascism?
Don't watch MSNBC TOOK THEM OFF MY CABLE NETWORK CAUSE THEY ARE PARTICIPANTS TO DIVIDE OUR COUNTRY
SONG BIRD
get ready, you will get lots of questions about Trump's idiotic behavior...
Please, stop the madness.  Stand up for America.  You are a great patriot, you know this is not right, we need your help.
Would prefer you were joining the unemployment line...You RINO hack!
can you do something about this? Trump needs to be out of office. He is clearly not well
@uannounce @jocksportsguy @douglasinla @gop Why don't you get off tv and introduce a bill in the senate?
Your lack of a spine, will most likely not be a topic. What happened to your love of this country?
Jon he has no spine.  He consorted with enemy in vietnam and should be in jail.
WHERE's THE SENATE Investigation ON GUN RUNNER McCain?
Can you please discuss what you're going to DO?
lie for ur mentally unstable con man boss
Джон, пездуй на пенсию
