#Kremlin on @SenJohnMcCain: 'Thank God this gentleman does not shape US foreign policy' https://sptnkne.ws/e2sv  
You can judge a man by the "friends" (and enemies) he keeps!
Take it as a badge of honor, Senator!
Wow! You opened a Twitter account just to tell me that. I'm flattered! Sayonara, egg troll.
You are facetious and it shows in your picture. I can tell you are so excruciatingly selective with your sources, chump.
Your just a senile old man who craves attention. A Media lapdog who helps them give off the facade of being unbiased still getting their
Agenda across. You called Rand Paul a Russian agent on the floor of the Senate. I hope Arizona retires you soon. Would have loved to see
You go in 2016. Dont even care if Democrats  take Senate majority. You vote with them, and push their talking points anyway.
I'm not being sarcastic, i do legit want to know where, besides 1 recent vote, has McCain voted with the Democrats? Seems OG conservative.
He is ...he's just a patriot and old school sensibilities and knows right from wrong.
The Saudis...?

Those would be the people that Trump just gave $110 Mil in weapons to, right?

Make up yr mind. Are they good or bad guys?
Alright stop spamming everyone. Saudi Arabia is also investing billions in the US, and Trump formed a warm relationship with them
Maybe take stronger action against the president, then. I hear he brags to Russian officials about canning the "nutjub" former FBI director.
*"nutjob." My humblest apologies to the president for the typo.
Fake news people
And these ass hats think by repeating it makes it true
What a silly thing to think, that just repeating some LIES would convince people.

What kind of idiot would do THAT?

Oh, yeah... THIS kind.
Moron
The "moron" would be the person who believes the lies he is repeatedly told, by the man who told him that is how he does business.
I'm curious, you think Mrs Bill Clinton would have been a better president?
retire John.  Your time has come and gone!
Collusion with the Russians? Wtf? Serms like a conspiracy. Walk the walk and quit ignoring facts. You are indeed a bought politician. AZ !
Clearly it's Russia that shapes US policy these days.
Please save us from Putin and Trump
He doesn't shape it- He just allows Comrade Trump free reign of our WH...Actions speak louder than hollow words @SenJohnMcCain
Are you sure of that, after Trump's performance at the NATO meeting????
McCain, do the world a HUUUGE favor, RETIRE! Your insanity is showing!!
Yes! It's time for career politicians like McCain and Graham to finally retire. Kick them to the curb, or better yet,
#DriveThemOut
Epitome of term limits!
Yes, career politicians are the ones who have screwed up this country. #DriveThemOut
Senator, did you feel the same way when the American people gave you a similar accolade so you wouldn't make foreign policy? Support @POTUS
Agreed. Now put country over party and remove our Russian owned "president" from the WH.
Senator, now it the time to show us the President you would have been. Please chose Country over Party-this Insanity hurting our Nation.
Tell them to take a hike Senator!  Their puppet is just about to get his strings clipped!
means you are doing something right...please DO MORE...where there is smoke there is Kremlin Fire 
Сбитый трахнутый Маккейн
I wish you were President. Thank you for your service!
Are you kidding me? He caved & was a traitor while all other POWs suffered. He was to chicken to go back to USA and face his own country
Love our POTUS.  How's Soros?  Who killed Seth Rich?  Why did you help Neo-Nazis rise to power in Ukraine?
The Russains know more about politics than McCain ever will .He's a complete idiot, senile, and close to a traitor.
The Russians need to be restrained. They have too much influence in the current administration.  Americans need answers.
You should buy a mirror.  Retire already. You know all about double standards as you constantly bash our POTUS.
Don't worry Senator, we know you prefer AlQaeda $$$.
After seeing you say you don't really know what is in this health care bill but will vote for it shame on you.
I'm not pro Russia at all, but they are not wrong here.
Senator McCain, 1. Defense is important, but we are talking about FOOD & HEATHCARE! 2. RUSSIAN SANCTIONS are back under discussion! FOCUS!
Glad to see Russians know they cannot influence Senator McCain.  Where is the rest of the GOP on this???????????? Silence is deafening.
You are a TRAITOr to America and the Vietnam War. You are the LEAK in the W.H. Your days are counted.!!
Jimmy Carter called this gentleman a warmonger! Most others call him a psychopath!
I agreed with them, you sir are a traitor

And why did the Vietnamese save you?.
МcCain padrino di terroristi.
Don't forget Senator that Obama and Kerry gave the Russians the chance 2 rise again ..
Stay in Saudi Arabia and out of American politics.
I know your politics more than you , never under-estimate others ..
Shut up McCain -no one WANTED you as President-FOR A REASON!  Isn't there something you should be doing in ARIZONA?!?!
Actually, it was Palin who nobody wanted.
It was BOTH OF THEM that NOBODY WANTED!
Actually, the Russians are wrong, you do help shape U.S. foreign policy and as an American citizen I am quite glad that you do.
umm...they hostilely interfered with our elections with a cyberwar...and the past 70 years of hostile history with us and western democracy
They're right, sir, you are a neurotic blood-lusting psycopath: you are covered in blood from head to toe, sir, yet it's not enough for you.
You are a traitor to President Trump and the GOP! You stab Potus in the back constantly!! You MUST retire immediately!!
Unfortunately, you have greatly informed U.S. foreign policy- to our detriment- for decades now.
Traitor
his friend is in the nsc to leak info. Will that help?
https://medium.com/@Cernovich/lindsey-graham-virginia-mckay-boney-nsc-leaks-59be4185e31f … he also takes money from war criminal Soros
You were flattered when you received money from them for your 2008 Presidential run also, did you hide it like Hillary did on the uranium?
@SputnikInt Your just  lib ass liar and Trump will take you down he is not as stupid as you are and he knows what you are.
I l can't help but 'love' you Senator (although I'd vote democrat if I were a US citizen) - just like your wit & stance on so many things.
You are a traitor
The problem with you John, is that you don't realize when people are correct, even if they don't live here!
I agree with the Russians.
And a war monger
@SputnikInt Most Americans agree with that.min fact, he has too much influence. Most of it negative.
You have to take what you get since you do nothing
Fake republican
We are voting you out of office next term!
You're not going to be separated from the Trump/Russia team. You're equally liable for the outcome, and you will be held to it.
You make me SICK! YOUR A TRAITOR TO OUR COUNTRY,  "SONGBIRD ".
Who are you, exactly?  I think most of us know.
Now that he doesn't have to do another re-election campaign, John McCain is actually being statesman we always wanted, but never quite got.
Grow a backbone & lead as charge to get corrupt GOP members out of office. Make Trump eat that "I like guys that dont get caught" quote
This Russian is just saying the same thing many Americans have said. 
Support the GOL & @POTUS or become a Democrat rather than act like one
Lots of Putin-driven alt-reich trolls/bots on this thread, Senator. It's how they appear louder and more numerous. But they are not America
Thank you, Senator, for putting our country over part.
Party
Bravo to SenJohnMcCain ***
Please help us! We need pariots!
You know you are doing a great job when the Russians attack you on Twitter
Thanks for not supporting Trump's "Russia first" policy.
Why not go for even higher praise and remove the current admin?
Then stand up to your puppet President
Don't worry, Johnny Boy. There's plenty of Americans who can't stand you either.
I love it! Thank you for speaking truth about the Russians!!
Yep!
Restore honor to the Republican party senator, call for the impeachment of Putin's puppet before it is too late.
Should U be investigated regarding your Russian reception?
Don't get too smug; the minds at the Kremlin would immediately be put at ease when they saw your lockstep voting record.
I agree with the Kremlin on who is shaping US foreign policy. You are denying a shuffleboard team somewhere in AZ of a team captain. #Retire
All these anti McCain rants. My how times have changed.
Trump claimed he would improve US-RUS relations. Now we have open mocking of our institutions and public servants. Nice work. #Trumprussia
I ask that u stand up for America.  Ur talk has not been supported by ur actions. 45, his administration and family are corrupt
Sell-out.
Stop being such a loud mouth asshole! You are not the president, so stop trying to run his foreign policy.
Not a fan of you Sir, but I respect your disdain for Russia. Now about that whole Trump/Russia thing...get on it.
If you believe the Russians are not "friends" why aren't you fighting Trump more visibly? Never thought you'd choose GOP over country.
#PutinsCockHolster sure does hate when conservatives tell the truth and defend America...
Can you do something besides talk shit? Pass a bill or impeach a president for example #Trumprussia
You really are the poster child for term limits.
If you don't like Russian influence, perhaps you could do something about it? Investigate, demand answers, seek the truth
RESPECT JOHN.
John remember your 08 statement from the debate about Putin -you were correct then & are correct now-Previous admin didn't listen to you-sad
I agree with the Russians, you are a joke. When you stop slandering Trump you might get some respect.
Just remember, what's said in the Oval Office stays in the Kremlin.
Bomb, bomb, bomb. No solution that doesn't involve bombs. That's no policy John.
Sir, you are a popular & adored man on many fronts.
my favourite family dog was named sputnik in 1957..we came back to cda after 4yrs at 4 fighter wing in Baden Baden solingden Germany!
YOU'RE ALL TALK!!! You voted FOR EVERY ONE OF TRUMP'S CABINET POSITIONS!  BLOW HARD!
I guess that means that you aren't in their pocket, which is a good thing! Thank you!!
When Putin weighs in and describes you in a negative way.. You are good people IMO 
Good response, you went to Vietnam for the same reason my husband went to stop the spread of Communism. Russia/Communism.
But you probably won't be russin there for a holiday.
Now, if you can just gather a few friends of yours and get busy removing the Russian mole and all his cronies.
I almost got mad at your post john til I saw what you were re tweeting. Youre funny!
U do a lot of damage. Everywhere u go :)
They don't know that u actually do shape someone's  policy.It might be in conflict with US policy or what US people want but U do.
We're counting on you, sir, and others to stop these Russian influencers from destroying our country.
Most of us agree with them. That's why you will never never be president. Arizona VA worst in country while you're out killing  Buffalo
It means you're doing something right!
I like it!! U got jokes!!
It be nice if you were really a Republican
Don't worry you'll be brushed to the side soon enough.
That was a put down Hillary minion.
You are very disappointing!
You tell them McCain!
They could hardly do better than the stooge they've got
I think the Russians might know what they are talking about. You sure as hell don't know what your talking about.
Congratulations Senator. You  lift Americas spirits at time in our history we desperately need it.
You are my current hero, and an indisputable war hero.  I don't question your patriotism or honesty which is why I am grateful for you now.
Time to quit all the in-fighting in DC, and unite to develop a plan to defeat the terrorist factions who wish all of us harm.
#TraitorInChief tried to OBSTRUCT AGAIN!!! WTF IS IT GOING TO TAKE!!!! #IMPEACHMENT N.O.W.
I generally think you're weak and all talk regarding Trump lately, but I'll admit this is funny :)
Then do something about it and stop falling in line with Don
I'm sure they are happy,, but we less safe because of you not being POTUS,,  keep the pressure on the truth Mr. McCain...
I'm curious as to what that face is, was it a sneeze? I'm not judging, just curious.
The rest of their sentence...."but he is supportive behind the scenes."
You voted for Tillerson
Do your job!!!
You are part of the crap that floats on top of the swamp. #Veterans or McCain recall
Imagine taking the warthogs, all of them, to flatten an emptied Mar-a-lago.

Better 'n the Russian Embassy ???
He should oh wait you don't have puppet strings on him. Addhoke
Sorry that was meant to support you and was intended to be posted to @SputnikInt
@SputnikInt That reminds me of the garbage the Nazis said about Churchill before he became Prime Minister!  Good company!
If only we could get the GOP to realize Russia is bad.

#McCain colluding with Russia
I honor your service to America but you have really now become a disgrace to our country support your potus u r dividing our country shame !
The Russians know ur a traitor too. Smart ppl.
Probsbly walks around he capitol farting all the time.
Be careful what you say! CNN  will report that you are part of the conspiracy!
I didn't think you got cell reception in Syria to be able to tweet.
I may not agree with your views but you definitely are an American hero!
They don't know you have a visceral dislike of the makers of the SAM II.
Please continue to speak for what is right!
@SputnikInt You are one of the reasons I am for term limits. You are a RINO
save us sen mccain
You are still a hero and one of the few in the GOP that puts country over party.
Yet U R still bitter that the nation selected a junior senator in 2008 over U. 173 electoral votes UR issues ran deeper than the Russians
Keep going John!!
Several real Americans feel the same dir
You should retire, we are sick of you not supporting our president. You are still mad about losing yourself.
Seems like a gold seal of approval these days - now watch tour emails 
Weel said sir, well said!
Time to switch parties, sir. Yours is full of traitors. You want to be regarded as a patriot by historians? Get non-treasonous friends!
I agree with the Russians. Damnit, Meghan, youre so smart. I hate that this is your Dad.
Interesting...
awesome. thank you for your service
Russia is not our friend!
The voters in 08 agreed.
"...does not shape..foreign policy." Sputnik must be living in the '60s. Wait, you shaped it then too 
Wow, don't remember you going of on Clinton and Obama selling Uranium to Russians.
You must be aware that you inaction on Trump and willingness to roll over for him is destructive enough to make them happy.
This is history in the making..you sir will not be remembered.. DO Something!  Talk is cheap!!
McCain needs to retire.
I agree with Russians
I wish you did shape all US policy you are the best
Thank God he isn't President & be able to effect US Policy
I would follow you thru hell if you said I would reach heaven that way.  I respect you and have since I read about you in Times mag. 1980ish
Actually, I think the Russians are more trustworthy than McCain
@SputnikInt Although I  am a democrat. Thank you Senator McCain. You are a true American
