It's the best one I've seen in my lifetime! Great for the middle class families! President Trump has got economy and jobs in the forefront!
The best way to boost jobs and the consumption based economy is higher wages & more expendable income in the pockets of the working class.
1965 - average CEO salary 20X average employee salary.
Today - 1300X more!
Corporate greed?
When Walton family pocketed $27B in net profit, taxpayers supplemented their employees with $6B in Medicaid, food stamps, subsidized housing
Give corporations incentive based tax cuts when everyone on their payroll makes a liveable wage!
And please make absolutely sure that low-income and middle-income Americans are the biggest beneficiaries of the new tax plan. Thanks!
I hope you are doing more concerning healthcare and tax reform than just voting, John.  You are a lawmaker....hint hint.
It’s not tax reform, but thievery. High tax states will get hammered while freeloaders w/o state taxes will do more federal freeloaders.
GOP sex Mortgage int stays That’s nice, but we pay 25224 in State RE, income taxes.Sales still more.I’m 74, GOP tax reform costs me.
Thank you for fighting for FRREDOM, sometimes I feel you and a few are only hope. This mess is turning our country into a violent mess
It's not helping anybody but the rich in its current form, Senator.  We're not completely stupid out here!  Do not repeal the death tax.
GOP money worshiping scoundrels! Your plans steals from the treasury to benefit $$ Elites. It will add to the national debt.

how come saving mmmillonaires death tax is going to help economy of the USA? more debt? #TaxFairness would be to pay for inheritances of more than 5 MM. To cancel that means  #trumpjunior  taxbreak. Obscene!!! #WorstPresidentEver
Looks like all the democrats support you because you're a RINO
Privatization doesn't kill job growth.  Communication alone has boomed since the dereg of 1990.
There are more factors that contribute to Kansas issues than a handful of state tax cuts.
Not money for the rich and bones for the poor
Amen to that!
Calling a bill 'dead on arrival' without ever discussing it isn't 'regular order'. Spouting off about it being only for the wealthy is a lie
What about middle class & poor people? I have heard that this bill increases our burden to give tax cuts to wealthy people.  Why?
Raising taxes on the bottom level is flat out wrong, especially when lowering it on the wealthy & no estate tax on higher bracket.
Make sure you make the democrats happy....
You will back out in the end and vote with the democrats
Why don't we have a couple of Hospital ships in Puerto Rico
The Trickle Down Fairy has been a 40+yr experiment . The Result are Clear It's a Failure . Can America Wait another 40yrs For Rain ??
I'll take trickle down Prosperity over trickle-up poverty for another 40 years
Percent of wealth in the hands of the top 5% keeps going up. There is NO trickle down prosperity.
What do you think made America the richest most generous country in the history of the world capitalism not socialism
You keep using that word.  I do not think it means what you think it  means.
Not tax reform. So far just another give away to thecrich. Sigh§
Look the dems are NEVER going to vote for anything Pres. Trump wants.....so either get on board or go fish!!!
Stop
Thank you for standing for regular orderin gov! Need to remember every congressman has voters behind them that need considered notjust party
Regular Order??  The dems won't work with the repubs unless they get everything their way.  They have all but said that already.
McCain, I look for you to screw up the vote
Mr. McCain make sure it takes care of everyone an affordable cost. You are a Statesman. Get everyone involved right and left.
Please Senator no tax cuts for the rich. Cuts will only be on the backs of the middle class Don't take away our deductions
Retire. Do us a favor
Ha I told you @MeghanMcCain that your dad would be a no vote citing the same BS! You need to set him straight!
With a tax reform "no" he his refusing to give me back my money so I can feed my family or provide for them better!
Your "review" matters not!  You are a liar and a traitor!  Retire before we vote you out!!
I'm not happy the initial proposal raises taxes on estates less than 10million. I shouldn't pay more than Donald Jr.
Spoiler alert- it won’t.
Please put your animosity towards Trump aside and do what is right for the country.
https://twitter.com/danpfeiffer/status/913403411751505920 …. But we know they go down for wealthy. And why cut estate tax??? Affects only 1%>
This Gary Cohn interview is an epic political and messaging disaster. http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-adviser-guarantee-taxes-middle-class/story?id=50149729 …
CEOs are compensated for keeping wages and benefits LOW. #TaxcutsForTheRich won't change that. Let's tie corporate tax to CEO compensation.
It doesn't . It benefits the wealthy.
Please give back deductions to middle/working class.  Trickle down is fake. How to pay for cuts for the rich?
GOP have the house,senate and executive, they can't get anything done and these idiots still ask me for money, sick.
With all your health problems, have you been certified mentally fit to continue to serve? Your behavior raises serious questions.
This tax plan will not help America!  It is only helping the 1%!!
You know McCain is lying cause his lips are moving. He will find a way to say no to this just to screw Trump and America. #retireMcCain
Sen. McCain you represent the citizens of your state. Your lack of support of any replace and repeal is a slap in the face of those citizens. Just say you don't support Trump and move on

I'm sure you will find a way to kill it.
Businesses will not invest in new jobs till there are people who are purchasing, the middle class & the poor are broke
that’s one of the problems we have had through the last 25 years, that’s why the recovery has been sluggish
It is the middle income and poor people who actually, through their spending, create jobs
McCain ... Just like Obama Care. First you lie about your support ... then you vote against. Traitor to America and Republicans.
please
I hope that they help everyone
Grand standing again? You lied and you know it.  Go back and look at your video? #liar
Blah blah blah
FYI, current plan, economists say debt raises 101%, debt becomes larger then economy, last time was WWII.
Don't forget repeal of cruel FACTA and make taxation residency based. Overseas Americans have been hurt. Also speedy recovery.
You'll probably vote against this just like the health care bill
Kill the bill!!!!
As if you would know, senator. If you won't go home, just sit down.
Like anyone believes  the senate will get anything done? Smh
It doesn’t John. It doesn’t. Only good 4 wealthy—NOT DISABLED VETEEANS LIKE ME. NO. PLEASE DON’T.
Sir I just want to say I'm sorry for ur illness and I think u have done a gr8 service to the USA and a very brave military career.ur a HERO
Tax cuts don't u mean, plz John McCain sir don't help voting yes for  this you know who will benefit from this..only the very very rich
Impaired  McCain isn't fit to drive a car or operate machinery yet he's allowed to legislate, in what planet does that make any sense?
Go to bed.  You do nothing.
please go away.
You inspire every patriot in this great nation. god speed sir. 
McCain, nobody cares what you have to say anymore, lies and more lies is your legacy, wow and your nearly out of time! Traitor LOL
TELL THAT TO DOC NO  SCHMUCKY SCHUMMER...ROTSARERUCK
Focused... #Suspicious  #JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCountry #TaxReform
We have to have a tax break to pay for ACA after you nixed the repeal vote.
You'll screw it up cause you don't want Trump to have a win. Don't care about the Country anymore...all about you?
Agree that decrease in Corp. Tax should be r/t American jobs created. No help if they return with unamerican workers
Better with middle class 23% upper class37% . Need healthcare deduction.

Maybe you can ruin it in REGULAR ORDER too
Just make sure it includes tax relief for the middle  class and not the wealthy
Shut up with your "regular order" McCain.
McCain knows regular order means business as usual, nothing gets done in Congress, this is his resistance to Trump's agenda he's a POS
Thank you for calling for regular order..
I'm sure you will vote against it as always
Retire, ASAP
And what will you do John? Continue your personal crusade against the POTUS? Please retire
Go John McCain -- our hero -- a fighter for ALL Americans ! ! !
This #TrickleDownEconomics has never worked the rich only keep the money overseas. Protect #MiddleClass #VoteNo to #TrumpTax #TrumpedTax
Just go fishin ! Leave us alone
CarMa found you already. U leaving the middle class out on the curb will no longer suffice.  Vote Yes for this TX plan
You BETTER VOTE FOR THIS TAX PLAN. The middle class will have your head if you don't. Relief needed badly! @realDonaldTrump
Just do your dam job! Enough already.
If you don't vote yes it is personnel
Songbird!

Bottom line: Nothing in this #TrumpTaxScam for the middle class. Big, fat giveaways to Trump & his friends.
chances R the president won't read it. So it's up to the individual senators 2 assure that there R no pitfall in the bill. Thank u Senator
Retire liberal traitor!

It doesn't.  It's just a bunch of tax cuts for the wealthy that will increase the debt.
Next they need to get rid of career politicians!
No #GOP needs to get rid of radical right obstructionists more concerned w/party than Country
I am sure we don't agree on Tax Reform . I am a lib. But , you are a good dude and Trump is a prick ( a small one at that ) . My opinion .
I'm sure it will be changed before approved,  but you are always taking credit before it's done
McCain has always taken credit for what others have done, he's a POS and Flake is one and the same, hopefully Kelli Ward wins in 2018
Concerned it will help very wealthy and corps and really reduce revenue. Trickle down has never worked. Corps give extra $ 2 top execs...
Wonder what excuse you will use not to vote yes. The rest of the Republicans must have to plug their nose when they sit beside you
I am sure you will stop this too. Sorry John nobody believes you
FYI:middle class wants fair do NOT penalize wealthy,we want all to pay their share,no wealth redistribution to poor create jobs not welfare
You mean making sure it doesn't threaten your elitist, royalty status.  Gotta keep the middle class in their place.
What the hell do you know about either? You've never had a real job & you've never run a business.
Sen McCain u are definitely our 'guardian angel'
And where do you think its been ! Old man ! Retire
You are trying to push legislation the old fashion way. Thru reg order. You are a lone voice in the wilderness. Senate lost its way.
Come on JM You know better. Trickle down has never worked and never will. Especially in an already hot economy.
Your leadership has helped set the tone, keep pulling them back to delivering things through regular order & bipartisanship. Thank you, sir.
It's wealthcare and will only help the the most wealthy while raising our deficit by a trillion dollars. Please help Puerto Rico.
Or economy is doing great, companies are sitting on cash, no raises to employees and they will on tax extra also#trickle down don't work
This right here!!
How about we leave this to the business instead of career politicians who make a modest income have somehow become multi millionaires...
If anyone wondered if McCain was really just bitter and against trump no matter, now he supports the kneeling!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You are such a fraud liar!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Looking forward to u making it about u and u voting against it.
Don’t need your two cents.  You’ve done enough.  God speed sir, take care.
why don't you want your shitty Anti #JonesAct legislation done thru "Regular Order"? #PaidOff
Yeah, but are you going to vote for it or pull out at the last minute like you did on healthcare?

Here comes a NO !!
They've taken your daughter. You should head over to Fox and go all Liam Neeson on them.
Well, please take a look at KANSAS if you really want to see how it DOESN'T work!
Thank you for reviewing it. Please refer to Sam Brownback's failed experiment & the devastation it brought to Kansas for real world insight.
One Vote Johnie. How about u moving to retirement or step down
Wonders what excuse you will come up with to say NO to this. #retireMcCain
Probably that it favors rich donors like #grahmcassidy did.
Corporate cooks their books and pays little of what they actually owe and they are still VERY RICH.  NO to trickle down!
Only jobs McCain ever created was for ship yard repair workers when he destroy a aircraft carrier while showing off. Stay home John.
Doesn't sound too good. On par with healthcare bill
I'm sure you'll screw the American people again with your no vote
John,
I am sorry but, you're not looking into the best interest of the economy.
All you want is get even with President Trump.
And you will vote against it with the Dems !!!
Why don't I trust you John?
It's the same old attempt at trickle down economics.
Why did Nixon Pardon @SenJohnMcCain for war crimes? The guy sang like a bird! Traitor hates America! Open the sealed record of his POW file!
The POTUS is doing a great job no thanks to you. Why are you trying to take credit for his progress?
With attention towards the increasing wealth gap in America?
If you and your friends like your jobs I'd advise against passing this rag @realDonaldTrump proposed.
Bullsh*t! You're giving away American money, lives and futures to your rich friends. Shame on you!
Let’s do this sir I need help I’m struggling to support my wife and two young children on my one salary ... please !!!
If you think McCain gives a damn about your family or his constituents in Arizona you are wrong. Really hope things improve for ya though
Tax cuts are horrible!! Not for the lower class ! Only the rich !
You'll screw it up...just like everything else you touch....be happy when you are no longer in DC....
It doesn't matter we already know you are not going to support it!  Your legacy is already set with your betrayal on repealing Obamacare!
Trickle down isn't gonna fly. There's too much broke that needs fixin' 2 give a pay day 2 the richest who are dodging taxes as it is.
It's bad for lower and middle class families.... great for rich corps.
We are still paying for the last time this experiment was tried and failed.  Please do NOT vote yes on this!
I am so glad that at least republicans and Democrats are considering tax reform, small businesses in CA are suffering
What do you know about job creation?
Thank goodness! Many Americans have lost trust in 45 and Congress. We want to see you work for us, not the mega rich donors.
And this means no tax cuts for mega rich donors @SenJohnMcCain .  They already appear to be part of this bill with hikes for the rest.
I can't believe it has come to the point where we have to praise the GOP for walking a bill through it's normal process. #TrumpsAmerica 
Who cares, sellout!
Thank you, Senator John McCain. You are the real thing---an American hero
Businesses need incentive to invest in their people, and not just have it create more SHV. Payroll increases to qualify for the tax breaks?
Thx for thinking in regular order we need your leadership
Thank you.
just stay out john stop talking what u will do because YOU WONT DO SHIT EXCEPT OBSTRUCT AS USUAL.
Are you going to wear your Big Boy pants today Senator?  Or just disappoint us again with spinless tactics. Once a Hero! Now an annoying Nat
Eliminate tax cuts for estate taxes!!!
Who's telling the truth, u or @SenFeinstein   Please look at her tweet.
No one will EVER believe a word you say again! Your hatred & bitterness for @realDonaldTrump is affecting your judgement & it’s disturbing!
Senator - this plan favors the top 1%. It will destroy the middle class. Focus needs to be on other things - PR and USVI.
How about a little bit larger tax break those of us down here?
Since you failed to remove the ACA albatross from around our necks, you have no credibility with me.
The only thing your tax cut will "boost" is Walmart's profits.  STOP.
Be warned McCain that if you come out against tax reform you will show that you have no ideals you just want to damage Pres Trump.
how much did it cost them john for your vote swamp man
gop sees it can get NOTHING passed without help from dems. thanks mccain for standing up for our rights and doing the right thing.#GOMCCAIN
What do you care? If President Trump wants it, you'll vote against it. He said mean things and you hold a grudge. We get it.
