Stop interrupting @SenKamalaHarris you senile fart
No. Your two faced, antiTrump backstabbing globalist agenda & lies have not gone over our heads. @POTUS supporters know you aren't 1 of us.
Yes & WE don't care what YOUR #DeepState Wants! We R DEMANDING you listen to US! We KNOW TRUTH of who DS & We Will DESTROY the #DeepState!
#cleantheswamp
Resistance on POTUS is hurting our country. True patriots think of country not themselves Americans have a right to elect a President. Stop!
Hi Senator McCain  Woah woah woah what games???? You play games?  I want to play!  
Ahhh Baseball! I used to play softball but I suck. 
Senator: Please talk to your kids and friends about this. In the meantime, get sleep, stay hydrated, make sure you eat regularly.
As to everyone else, he spent years in a hole in the ground rather than leave his buddies behind. Allow him his dignity. Age comes to us all
And I say this as a proud member of #TheResistance who opposes him politically at every turn. We stand for compassion, don't we?
We do. But whoever is running this account disrespected the entire nation. While compassion was great earlier, being insulted changed that.
I hear ya. But I give pass to elderly man who has server his country in ways that, if called, many of us might come up short. Including me.
Ironically senator Harris was completely on point and you cut her off.
Here's a question for you. Do you let your wife speak or do you interrupt and degrade her intelligence like you did to #KamalaHarris ?
 Hello Senator McCain.
Why are you so quiet? I miss you, Senator McCain. 
@JimLaPorta
The statement still doesn't make sense. Two separate cases. One was completed and one is on-going, so I'm still confused. Lol
I guess he was trying to shine a light on why comey felt the Clinton case didn't need special counsel but this does.
Perhaps. I feel like it's much simpler than that. Some in Congress feel like Clinton was not properly held accountable.
definitely, and that may be what he was trying to get at..it was all very weird. He's not even on the Senate Intel comm right?
He is because of his position/status.
Or rather than insulting your constituents saying it went over our heads, perhaps you could just tell us what you meant.
I think he was trying to draw some false equivalence between Clinton e-mail investigation and Trump's involvement in Russian meddling,...
...to peddle the pre-decided "conclusion" that Comey applied "double standards". Pathetic. Since when does McCain play henchman to Trump?
Also the inuendo that, in Russian meddling investigation, Clinton should be as much held suspect of collusion as Trump's circle. WHAT????
...The VICTIM of Russia's meddling should be held equally suspect as the 
BENEFICIARY???? The one with NO INDICATION of ANY interaction...
...with Russian officials be held equally suspect as the circle on which there are COUNTLESS indications of such interaction? McCain = gaga.
Time to retire John. You were awful! Rambling incoherently.
Incoherent is what they were. #ComeyTestimony
No, Senator, you sounded a bit senile!!! Although you had a good question...You couldn't spit it out properly...
You're good Senator. You don't have to explain yourself. @SenJohnMcCain
I was so hopeful that you would contribute something powerful to the meeting. Instead you sounded lost.
No not over our heads U made no sense sounded confused and mixed up email crap with russia investigation seriously get to a doc or hospital
Put down the shovel, soldier.
You can still save what's left of your legacy if you put on that white hat and stand up to the fascists.
I have reached a conclusion:  You are TFO for this work.
Time to retire. Please go away now, you wasted 7 minutes of the most crucial testimony in American history with nonsense.

You made no sense, either you have dementia or you made a poor attempt at diversion and it is obvious you sold your soul to Trump.
Senator, you were incoherent. That level of confusion isn't the result of staying up late 1 night. Go see a doctor or resign.
You had the opportunity to help investigate a current, real threat to our democracy. Mr. Trump is the one who's jeopardizing the US, not HRC
no...you were clearly revealing your level of pure stupidity.
Your questions went over your own head. You tried to fuse 2 *different* investigations together.
Absolutely make sure that you continue to follow up on that question. It's a good one.
You should give whomever wrote this a promotion!  A great example of proper damage control.  Trust you are feeling better.
See a doctor Senator you did not sound ok.
So what exactly does Drumpf have on you that you would attempt 2 pursue the line of questioning you did today?Your are under Drumpf's thumb.
I'm President now! Thanks--although I understand you weren't supposed to tell people that.
This was not funny. Review the film.
I want all in our Country to heal and move forward, and our beloved Country to be better. I want all Americans every day lives to be better
It's ok to get help sir
Why respond to backfire (confirmation bias)? Read WSJ article (this week) on growing inability for critical thinking instead.
You might point out the parallels to Wouk's Caine Mutiny.  Honorable man would have excused himself if he believed he was compromised.
Comey wrote a Pearl Harbor file of memos for what reason? Unless that was Comey's plan. Machiavellian appointed staff are a threat to all.
Is that why you felt compelled to interrupt yet again Kamal Harris?
That didn't help
Thank you for your service to this country... but I it's time to retire. I don't think that lack of sleep can explain what you did today.
Not my head-you summed it up perfectly.The @FBI is only investigating one campaign for colluding with the 
#Russians @realDonaldTrump's...
You do know that the Clinton email investigation is separate and distinct from Russia Election interference, right? Nonsensical questions
Get a medical check up. You need to stay strong on the issues
Your backing of Betsy DeVos went over my head!
In fact, I'm still almost as confused as you were today....almost
Sounds like some school choice might have helped you immensely.
I don't think he did it on purpose. He seemed very confused. I'm concerned for his health.
You can respect his service without having respect everything he's ever done. He's a spineless senator and he gave us Sarah Palin.
Holy crap I completely forgot about that nonsense until this minute!!
I think about it every time I see him. Palin was a stepping stone to #Donny2Scoops. No doubt in my mind. Lies, fear mongering, stupidity.
I will never look at him again w/o thinking of this
It's unforgivable and it takes a lot for me to hold a grudge.
U were blaming the victim! Hilary Clinton's emails were leaked BY RUSSIA to cause HER problems. What she did WITHIN them, TOTALLY DIFFERENT
Maybe you should grow balls so that you can say what you mean. I wants had great respect for you John but that time has come and gone
Get some rest sir. And if Trump offers you something to drink, just say No!
No. We understood that you couldn't discern between the two quite clearly. We also see your attempt to joke about it. This is serious.
Was looking to you for leadership in this time of crisis. Today it was clear you are not going to be the leader we hoped for. #notajoke

I have really liked you, Mr. McCain, and seen you as a light in a sea of darkness.  But today you were a nonsensical partisan hack.
Yes, lots of chat about the line of questions and your communication skills today. Not your best day.
I think you need to show your fellow senators ( a female in particular) a little more respect. I like you- but that is getting old
Maybe u should retire! Everyone would be happy then!
Seems Trump's old age is kicking in too .He repeated your odd ( Comey hearing )statement about Hillary and Russians .Trying to get U onside?
Then you go after Sen. Kamala Harris. Twice. You obviously cannot stand an intelligent woman doing her job. Nevertheless, she persisted.
Your q's did not go over peoples' heads. You didn't seem to understand that e-mail server and Russia probe are two separate investigations.
Don't think that was the problem ..
That's it?
You need medical help sir. You were totally incoherent.
Can't believe you interrupted her--only her--at both hearings for prodding along slow-speaking Sessions in his answers for sake of time..
Getting ready to use the convenient 'Hillary Loss of Memory Defense'. Waiting...
Getting sense my q's today went over ppls heads - maybe going fwd I shouldn’t stay up late watching @Dbacks games... https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=99CC344D-985C-4575-801D-9FBA8043A24B …
It was certainly the best case for term limits that I've seen in a while.
Just wondering if that may have contributed to your admonishing the only woman on the committee @SenKamalaHarris for doing her job well.
No, we know today u were just acting as Trump's lapdog because he's giving ur wife a position in his gov't. The truth always comes out.
You disappointed America. Why are you supporting Trump who is obviously unqualified and incompetent as POTUS and colluded with Russia.
This Tweet is so patently written by someone other than you, sir. Maybe AZ constituents buy it.
TRUMP is a great President and you should support him. Let's pass some bills that fix healthcare and gun rights
You think your so much smarter (went over people's heads)?   Really?
I get the sense you need to make ballgames a full time occupation by retiring.
Didn't "go over my head".  Didn't make sense.  Looking drunk doesn't "go over my head"
In all seriousness, how could you lead a line of questioning in support of a person who has bashed your history in the armed forces?
AND bashed all captured soldiers. Not to mention just put a US base in Qatar in jeopardy to suck up to oil buds, Saudi Arabia.
And it appears that the so-called commander-in-chief didn't even know the base existed.
62 million Americans are okay with this. They CLAIM they support our troops, but they voted for a man who will get them killed for dessert.
And they will be discharged quickly for it. Oath says they have to follow the orders of the CIC.
Didn't go over my head. You sounded drunk or having a stroke. Mixing two diff investigations—but so wanting them to mesh against Hillary.
His demonic Foundation ties had him scattered . He was quivering with hatred for Comey because the money train is drying up
#TermLimits
Senator McCain reminded me of me falling asleep in class & being called on.  
Signs of Alzheimer's
We still luv u but not sleepy Trump
Sleazy Trump
You worried many people sir, not just in 
Dude, I had a small amt of pity - you couldn't understand there were 2 investigations. 1. Clinton email (closed) 2. #TrumpRussia (ongoing).
Umm, no. Your questions were bizarre & ridiculous. We understood them & knew you were out of it. You & #GrandObstructionParty on its way out
Maybe it is time to retire...with some dignity still intact
I understood you.. you just weren't the headliner.. now get healthcare and tax reform through..
Never "went over ppls heads". Just disturbingly sad.
No, your q's today showed us all what a freakin' phony you really are and your loyalty is with @GOP and not people.
Sen McCain....you made more sense than anyone else there.....good job!!!
Retire, already!
McCain defends the Washington Post far more than he defends POTUS. Where are your loyalties and priorities? #AmericaFirst #MAGA
it seemed like your Qs went over *your head. Was that the prepared list of Qs trump gave you? no wonder they didn't make sense.
McCain supports trump. He votes 4 everything trump needs 2 deconstruct America, while pretending 2 check him. He is not on our side #RESIST
Hearing on radio without knowing it was you until you had finished, I literally gasped. "President Comey" was uttered at least once. Sad!
Over our heads? So calling him pres Comey was on purpose?Sir, u should have kept quiet instead of trying2 insult us4not getting ur rambling.
How are you able to figure out twitter right now?
Glad to hear you take your job so seriously on such an important matter. Staying up late ?  That's a bad Trump-like excuse. #timetoretire
What you should do is retire. It's not @Dbacks games that have you senseless. It's that you're senile.
Might you be grasping at straws because you've been exposed for having accepted $$ from a Russian Real Estate exec?
You've been in the media saying u were "disturbed" and "concerned" over #TrumpRussia, then choke and talk gibberish at #ComeyTestimony?!
Maybe you are in denial of what this really is about...D for Dementia not Dbacks
I think folks that sen  McCain has finally picked a side he is a trump loyalist...wonder when he kissed his ring.
Over our heads? No. You need to get evaluated for a TIA or CVA immediately. Please. We can't lose one of the few sane republicans left.
You acted today like you're still captured
Your ?'s only went over the heads of the rubes who keep voting for you. The rest of us see VERY clearly your self/party over country. Shame
Glad you are well.
Oh wow.  I worry about your physical and mental health, Senator.  I think it's time for you to step down.
Maybe you should head out to pasture
Not your fan

Q's confusing Yep. 

But made a point. Why is only 1 campaign under investigation. Russia would have infiltrated both.
You referred to "president Comey". Go see your dr John. This is from my heart.
you are an elitist and communicate like one. If you think we were stronger under Obama, you live in a pipe dream
Dissapointing because Clinton's emails are not what your constituents are concerned about. Our ACTUAL president's LIES are.
Don't flatter yourself. Your questions were not over anyone's head, they were nonsense. Go see a doctor, check your meds. You're ill.
Seriously, you sounded like you had a stroke recently. See a doctor.
Went over the Ppls heads? Okay Trump, way to spin god knows what. You confused two invest. on purpose - 4 Trump. That's what we saw.
You really should consider retiring, you don't make sense any longer
Resign!
No sir, the purpose of the hearing went over your head.  Even President Comey was confused.

@frants81 
Please have a check up I think you've had a stroke
You need to go period
No John you should push on why they haven't been investigated in addition to the Trump Campaign. Tremendous oversight: America needs to know
Nothing went over my head. I get it.
I've always been a fan of yours,but sir, today I think your questions went over your head. You made no sense whatsoever. Then pres Comey???
Or maybe you should retire and let a competent and coherent person take over
Doesn't help you kept calling trump comey
Perhaps you had done the same thing the night before picking Palin as V.P. running mate? How about getting to work to remove Trump.
Sen. McCain, please step down. We all reach that point reluctantly; you have reached yours. Please step down. You're not well, sir.  Cindy??
I'm glad this was due to  however you're Q's were likely b4 and we they were  pls get some rest.
But keep taking blood money from NRA. #hero?yes #maverick?please #justlikeeveryothersnakeinDC
I would like to know who is blackmailing Trump. I got your message loud and clear
You think that's funny? You have NO business representing the people if you can't get your shit together to address this CRISIS. Go retire!
@SenJohnMcCain you have 162 chances to watch the @Dbacks this year but only a few chances to do your job. Please prioritize integrity.#comey
Please retire!  Please!
We want to see the Maverick John McCain who supports America when party politics fail in this endeavor.The pre-Palin maverick. The good one!
#SenJohnMcCain #isis #SaudiArabia  #terorrist #usa #iran #syria  #iraq #supportingterrorism
Just read what you were trying to ask on HuffPost article.  Why not just ask?  What's with all the subterfuge questioning?  Disappointed. :(
Actually you did sound like you didn't want to be there sir. You sound like you're tired of this presidency, it's just too much. Right?
not over heads. you were incoherent and that concerns me since you are a major player in our government.
Why did Clinton even come out of your mouth? Way to go off topic. Stay on point. I expected better of you.
You had a real opportunity to shine with Comey's questioning and instead you mumbled and bumbled about Hillary nonsense. COUNTRY OVER PARTY!
Not over our heads, it made no sense. Hope u didn't eat the muffin basket #Trump sent the committee b4 #ComeyTestimony ! He's nuts!!
President Comey certainly appeared confused by your questions.
Retire Senator Maverick. #oldandintheway
They weren't coherent enough to go over people's heads.
strategy to throw Clinton's name out & stir the hate.  Doesn't need to be logical to appeal to their base. #GOPlogic
Actually policing is up 2 the states but policing the banx I can see how th@s a grey area & how th@ should b fed hlth ins shouldn't REPEAL!
Yes, I am an english literature major and your questions went totally over my head. Nice Try. #Incoherent
Instead of watching sports you should be doing your job and representing your constituency.
Very disappointing questions.
Waste the American people's times  today you should wake up earlier go back to sleep other senator did your job.
Grandpa WalNUTS
Um you referred to the President as Comey more than once.  You need a doctor.  Nothing went over our heads.
Thanks for calling us stupid! Maybe instead of the game you should have thought about making a coherent list if questions! Palin&Trump! Wow

You looked confused & disheveled. It reminded me of Reagan's last year's in office. Might be time to retire.
Per your statement, you were submitting written q's for Comey. Wondering if you had done so and/or gotten a response yet?
Could you ask again the question about Lynch comment about matter vs investigate? Seems to have got lost?
@SenJohnMcCain asks "whether or not the President’s conduct constitutes obstruction of justice"?  Of course, with full intent to obstruct.
Very disappointed in you today as you usually know better when it comes to the Russia.
Very true! Sounds like your kissing the Fat "President T" 's ass!
With all due respect, @SenJohnMcCain, you should have a mental health evaluation. You made absolutely no sense at yesterday's hearing.
2 things you've done this wks that disappointed your biggest fan. 1. u shut Harris down on Wed. 2. U made no sense today.
how about you just retire before your  committed to the nutty ward!
Maybe the knowledge that your involvement in government corruption is about to be revealed.
john, please shut up
It's just that we were all shocked with your stance, I thought that you were a decent human being, but yesterday you towed the party line.
I hope you are ok
Thank you for your service, sir. With all due respect, it may be time for you to stand down.
Time to step down... maybe get your head checked
Thought you were the one repub that might save us.  Please get a medical checkup.
Are you serious?! Hillary didn't hack herself to elect Trump. Where did you lose your integrity? #PartyOverCountry huh, Senator? Disgusting.
"Turned out to be quite a dud" http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/democrats-are-hoping-this-is-watergate-but-in-reality-comeys-testimony-turned-out-to-be-a-huge-nothing-burger … #ComeyDay
We all know your staff tweets for you. They also lead you to rooms and even the bathroom. Time for you to resign and fade away with Pelosi
John you made a great case for term limits yesterday
Maybe going forward you should retire and no longer milk us taxpayers to fund your stupidity...
@SenJohnMcCain questioning to protect @POTUS  was a disgrace putting party loyalty above truth and justice. Stop covering for Trump
But even that admission renders him functionally done. He called Trump, Comey 3X in a row. Blew up his syntax literally.
They were simply incoherent.
Over peoples head??  You were incoherent,calling Comey, President Comey. You were all over the place, It made no sense at all!
Not over heads. Were you contacting Hillary Clinton during that scandal? Is there info you don't want people to know on hillary's emails?
You confused 2 different cases. Comey tried to straighten you out but he finally just gave up and let you go on. It was sad...
I think this explains your beaviour
don't blame your senility on a baseball team
Which is it?We aren't as bright as U so ur coherent line of Q's went by us? Or staying up late caused ur incoherent babbling?It cant be both
retire and head to the nursing home
Maybe it's time to retire.  Your puppet @JeffFlake  can take over now.
Come on, please say you had a massive migraine or better...this was your chance to get the truth and you fumbled badly.
Yeah no more watching games too late.  Yikes buddy!! Bad questioning!!
