Hey I have an idea Senator! Let's INDEPENDENTLY investigate Trump/Putin  ties.
Vetting prospective Borderpatrol is key. Don't cut corners. Do the polygraph. It's the right thing to do.
great, that makes me feel so much safer! #sarcasm
WHY DON'T YOU BE HONEST WITH YOUR PRO-LIFE CONSERVATIVE CONSTITUENTS & get their input?
WILLFULLY INDUCING LONGTERM DISABILITY on an underaged child -- would be 1 of those shocking to ALL, L or R
We should mandate a polygraph test for every person running for Congress/Senate.
<---if their was ever a idiot who needed to submit to a polygraph its McCain. He is a bigger lyar than @HillaryClinton
are you guys crazy might al well hire Criminals
this is a TERRIBLE dangerous idea.
How else is Trump going to fill these positions? He's the problem. 25th covers mental illness as well!
- allows those Russian spy's a better position when the tanks roll in #Trump'sRussia
I'd love all politicians to get polygraph test. 99.9% accurate. Will you take one? Didn't think so. @POTUS
This is very wrong!  Why not hire illegals to patrol border while u r at it!
not a good idea with white supremacists, kkk, nazis applying in droves
SURE, A POLYGRAPH TAKES ALL OF 30 MINS. PROBABLY OVER 300 PER 4 DAY WEEK. !!  HERO-2-TRAITOR !
If the tests are "unreliable", why did they begin doing them in the first place?
.who cares if it slows the process down...far more risk of corrupt officers...be patient...polygraphs work ok
retire ! Term limits...

I hope it passes the seven hour ordeal was ridiculous this is a step in the right direction
So you want people who have sold drugs to be in a position to look the other way for a payoff, or collaborate with gangs?
No. just no. Dump Comrade Trump ok.
Even if poly is technically useless, maybe the poly still deters some marginal candidates? (a placebo effect?)
The BorderP agents instructed healthcare professionals to recommend meds that interfere with cartilage growth
&hence, it will expose United States to unnecessary legal liability when BorderP conduct falls below standard
Don't U think this administrative recruiting exception, is unlikely to survive Constitutional challenge,
Senator: Wouldn't it send a message that BorderPatrol seeks new members coz old members are unwilling to lie?
Hilarious, and Stupid!!!
This doesn't sound like a good idea to eliminate polygraph tests for a career field widely open to corruption
John, you should know by now the serious risks posed by a rushed expansion of critical security positions.  Bad move.
gee John, this means you could gualify for a positiom.
hell no.
I am not okay with this. R U?
sen McCain wrote the bill. Sir, I'm nervous about this. These officers will have a lot of power
and so do you think that is a good thing then?
.@SenJohnMcCain @AZPMnews @azpm So now, a guy working for a drug cartel would find it easier to get into the Border Control. 
WHY???? Who thinks it would be a good idea to not throughly vet these agents. BAD IDEA...
Let's lower the hiring bar at the same time that we are giving these agents more discretion as to who is or is not detained.
Should be a Polygraph for President.
WTF
- Stop wasting your time posting other peoples' stuff. When are YOU going to do something? Anything?
Gosh John. Any chance we can get the President to do the same
Ah yes, I can see how well this will go.
Can we have a Polygraph for John McCain?  Did he take payoffs, retirement program stashed. It just doesn't feel Rt.
UH so they can lie now & U won't know?  Is this a symptom of lying DJT admin being OK? UR okay that some will lie?
45 years ago, to cashier at Eckerd Drugs in Florida, I had to take a polygraph (passed).  Why shouldn't CBP agents?
Hmm ... probably should give them all a polygraph once a month anyway.
If he thinks they're unreliable, he shld write law to ban them from use by local cops & prosecutors
Everyone apply, wth?
Senator, this is extraordinarily dangerous.  At the bare minimum, would be good not to hire criminals for CBP
ummmm why?
-  No Polygraph?  thats how we got @POTUS
More vetting on future Presidents. Less vetting a on human who wants to work & support fams.
Calling all Nazis
I believe he will. I can hear it in his voice.
.@senjohnmccain @azpmnews Vetting God from "God" is the only way to secure US & costs nothing; tell @SpeakerRyan INRI FAIR RETRIAL NOW
John, get on with the investigation into Alfa Bank/Rosneft/FSB/Putin/Trump/Wikileaks: All designed to eat away at democracy.
Rare common sense. Once you know a polygraph is a scam and doesn't actually detect lying, it's easy to pass
Are we OK with that? Asking for a friend.
