Senator, please stand up against your party's systematic and unAmerican campaign of voter suppression. https://mobile.twitter.com/i/moments/848723102062309380?m=1 …
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-27/inside-the-trump-bunker-with-12-days-to-go …
All illegal under the Voting Rights Act. That is indicative of targeting of protected groups.
That story ran in October, 2016, from a widely-known news source. And the targeting was to get them to vote Stein, Bernie or nobody, all theoretically legit campaigning
@tttthreads unroll
Hoho, @snarkytoes this does not look like a thread to me.
If you think I'm buggy and this is a real thread, please let me know :)
@JeffFlake And what are you, a U.S. Senator, doing about Trump? @GOP seems dedicated to obstruct #TrumpRussia probe.
Are we talking Abdel Fatah al-Sissi or Steve Bannon? Asking for a friend.
Where was your outcry with Obama's secret meetings? For real????
@POTUS embraces the worse leaders & insults our allies. This is shameful
Senator McCain, where do you get off being so disloyal to our President?
LOL he shook his hand and praised him, unlike Merkel who he snubbed!  The Royal Family of Trump has taken control of the US GVT!
go away John.. u r senile
You need to keep your mouth shut. If you want your job stop talking
With all due respect, what has happened to you? @POTUS might not have been UR choice but a little cooperation & less snark might be helpful
Yet you will confirm POTUS 45 SCOTUS pick despite his administration being under  investigation.  You have lost so much of my respect.
Remember you confirmed Rex and are responsible. And Jared? Who’s the Secretary of State?
Hitler allied with the Mufti. No different here.
He will you and Obama won't.
That Jackass will probably just give him a hat and play golf; POTUS is such a disgrace; keep working hard for us as you always do Sen.
Thank you Senator! Now DO SOMETHING!
Silly goose. Everyone knows @realDonaldTrump #RexTillerson & @GOP don't believe human rights are a priority unless u can make a buck off it.
I think the reason Trump admires these Dictators is because they buy time shares at his properties.  Rumor has it the usually pay double!
How much longer we have to be endangered? Plz chz country over party. Complete independent investigation & clean Whitehouse b4 war!
I want to know what you are going to do about this.
@SenJohnMcCain the power lies in congress. We trust you will represent us well.
He has no intellect so how can he do ANYTHING  other than frog grin.
45 is a dictator in training. Do ur job and impeach him sir.
WaPO propaganda machine has you totally fooled...I feel so ashamed for ever having supported you..I am so looking forward to your retirement
McCain surprise, surprise, you are not SOS.  Let T-rex do his job and stop being a globalist traitor
How could he?  He defended Putin and disagreed that Putin is a KGB thug or killer
This from a guy who has kissed the butts of brutal dicators throughout his political carer.
Another country on your bomb, bomb, bomb list?
You are not President and never will be RINO
Trump thinks he is King & congress has to listen & follow him. Lunatic!
Please senator McCain, NO to Gorsuch. Not until after the conclusion of the investigation.
Important info. Thanks for sharing.
do you see sny value with john mccain in government?
Thank you for sharing that.
What questions did you ask the terrorists you befriended in Syria?
Why should he listen to you a never trumper leaker swamp dweller and failed so called protector of veterans. Not
Warmonger McCain, at it again...
Really did you say that to Obama when he practically kissed their butts
Pres Trump should listen to anything from fake news. You're kidding, right. WaPo is so respected and trusted anyone should listen?Ya, right.
He's going to ask him how he can become one.
Pls continue to call out Trumps dictatorial policies. He's unamerican & you know it
First  you explain why you fucked up UKraine??????  after that you can ask questions.....   Blood on your hands
not surprised since McCain is a RINO
We already have a brutal dictator in the WH.
If any body thinks Trump would ask Putin that they got to believe in the Easter Bunny that's were he gets his money his son said thatTrueSAD
1.3 Billion for that????
You look sick like @billclinton. Hard life of hidden crime. You are no war hero. You are a traitor to America.
Trump loves dictators, it's what he aspires to be, so why would he want to hold this one accountable?
Would you rather the Govt kissing the Muslim Brotherhood's rear end? War makes strange bedfellows. Stalin and FDR.
He should ask him how Libya is doing.
He should ask him how much Egypt is better off w/o the mb.
John you're a RINO and need to retire already, no one cares what you have to say anymore, globalists are collapsing
He is not having the Chinese to the WH, he is taking the meeting at MaraLago so he can profit on the event. When are you going to stop this?
Hey Chucky-boy, let's hope he doesn't invite you - you talk with a constipated mind & diarrhea mouth!! It's not abt a dictator it's abt YOU!
Don't plan on POTUS calling Putin a thug like you did! POTUS will be more diplomatic!
What would you call Putin?
Not sure! But I don't think going on TV and calling Putin a thug is good for anyone! I hope POTUS can negotiate terms that work, not fight.
Meanwhile, bombings at Russian train station. Terrorists or FSB? Seems a Putin M.O., especially in light of recent protests.
I agree Senator, sadly what Trump will probably ask him is how he got the press under his control....
I don't know John,what does the POTUS say to you when he is watching you bounce off wall???
He should no one when he sees one. #Birdsofafeather
#retire John
