He IS against tyranny. STOP impeding and second-guessing!
Would have been nice to hear this six months ago don't you think???
as someone who always respected you but often disagrees I respect you more every day since 1/20.  True patriot!
Full Scale Investigation not a Senate sneak preview.We want Answers & Justice.Not a Cover-up on Russia & Trump Ties
The Leaks on Trump will not stop, Watergate all over again. When people have No Faith in their Government
YOU McCain shouldn't be allied with those that leak classified information! Russia is your weakness!
Yea get involved in yet another conflict. Thats great. You cant even solve our problems and yet..........??
We the people know something you don't, yet anyway. Your political career finished. #MAGA
What do you love about Trump most? His love of power or his love of Putin?
That's great but why didn't/don't you stand up when it really counts? Against horrible cabinet choices, terrible exec orders.
@RealGDT @USATODAY Hey John, you've voted w/ Trump 94% of the time. Explain to me how you're still a "maverick"?
EXACTLY!! NOW TIME FOR SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TRUMP RUSSIA TIES #TREASON #RUSSIANCOUP #PENCEGONE
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GenFlynn Neocon stooge @SenJohnMcCain pushes Zionist PNAC Neocon agenda vs Russia http://america-hijacked.com/2014/02/24/us-has-neocon-agenda-in-ukraine-russia-analyst/ …
Then why arent you spearheading a movement to #fireflynn ?  Country THEN party. The people of AZ would love to talk
@ylianova @SenJohnMcCain @USATODAY at LEAST lead the horse to water!
Abyrvalg is watching for you LOL
Hey Two-Face! Practice what you preach. Voter's won't just forget how much you've supported Trump's picks.
Think it’s time to talk to those media outlets that speak the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Not the others
Putin's Russia is main threat of present democratic world order!Putin tries to destroy #EU& #NATO!#USA
YOU should get a backbone and stand up against #TreasonousTrump!  Independent Prosecutor!  Come On!
As a 69yo military history buff, KNOW THINE ENEMY is a CRITICAL part of defeating them. Keep your enemies close
Do you know that over 50,000,000 preborn babies have been murdered? That's evil. Are you defending that? Putin bad?
So, maybe do something about it.  You know as one of the few people on the planet that could.
You talk the talk, but have yet to walk the walk. Step up, or shut up. We need leaders. Are you one?
TRY OPPOSING HIS CABINET PICKS THEN, MAYBE, HUH? PUT YOUR MONEY WHERE YOUR PEN IS.
That's nice. Start actually standing up to Trump and maybe your words will mean anything.
You're popular: Russian pranker got pranked senators McCain, Graham and McConnell
You #AltLeft Fascist, he never has stated he was an ally
please protect us from @realDonaldTrump; you are one of the last lines of defense. Our future is in your hands
you supported Trump.
.@SenJohnMcCain @AgniaGrigas @USATODAY His entire reality TV show was about him luxuriating in the fantasy of being a sadistic dictator.
John, do U spout these things out of anger and revenge or to REALLY help. Tell us HOW it helps?
Sounds like a back stab comment to me!
= @USNavy Academy FLUNKIE 894of899 +Puppet4 #ISIS Warlord @KingSalman ! @MeghanMcCain @USATODAY @people @YahooNews @PRNewser
Phony #Russia "dissidents" same as his phony #Libya #Syria "rebels" @USATODAY @nytimes @washingtonpost @McCainInstitute @cnni
I am sorry to say that there is a big chunk of american voters that do share #Putin's Moral standards #impeach
SOS senator mccain.  american freedom and democracy is counting on your continued bravery and service to country above party
@summerbrennan @USATODAY what a last line
thank u and @LindseyGrahamSC. U maybe the only 2 Republicans who survive this by choosing country over party
@ABC @NBCNews @CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews @washingtonpost @CBSNews @cnni
We are counting on you to create an independent investigation into pre inauguration Trump contacts with Russia
We will support you in any and all ways to help preserve our country and the principles on which it is based. 
It's time to stand up for America. Do a FULL INVESTIGATION of the White House and the Russians.
Op-ed? You a journalist now? 

Makes sense.
Look John, The Liberals love you!

Turncoat
@RTMannJr @USATODAY If McConnell keeps blocking Select Committee. Join with Cronyn and go to Court. Gang of 8.
SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT and stop grandstanding! We need a UNITED Republican party.
we need an independent, bipartisan investigation. Now.
@summerbrennan @USATODAY so you'll be all over this investigation??
Op-Ed in USATODAY ?

Why don't you just switch over to the
Democrats .
and what are 90,000 christians
again,we have a republican senator quoting usatoday. Anyone find that strange?
please do not let them off the hook!  Thank you!
Where are you in this situation?  No where, because we cannot see you.
Trump is the inflictor of tyranny and corruption. Gives Russia Ukraine in exchange for Exxon getting Russian oil
John McCain you should be arrested for treason.  You have no respect from the Republicans who voted!
Thank you for being an honorable man and  supporting all those who support freedom. Dissidents included!
you are a Democrat in Republican clothing.  You are an establishment lackey.
With all due respect, you and your party should do the same here at home.
I'm confused are u the party of the Dems or GOP? What the hell is going on did u want HRC in the WH?
just more lies from crooked pedophile politicians.  Who cares
start backing the President we are sick of the long term GOP's lack off support!
ISIS is common enemy , ISL & ISIS start w/ (I) Islam Sir you are a hero @realDonaldTrump should sayso
The Democrats are siding with Russia, they are the Communists. Hillary sold uranium to them not Pres. Trump
you are a fake republican
quit taking money from George soros to go against Trump and do your job. You lost for a reason in 2008. Americans like Russia
You are a Soros talking head #Traitor 
http://defiantamerica.com/john-mccain-lindsay-graham-funded-george-soros/ …
@Lara5124 @SenJohnMcCain @USATODAY   Two Very Evil Men Both should be  up for treason! Where is the FBI?
That's because there's no credit cards & loans under sharia! That's possible under capitalism.
What can you do to help discover the potential Russian conflicts remaining in the White House? Tax Records?
Put your influence and votes where your mouth is.  #resist be the man we know you to be standing for what's right
Mc Cain is under the pay roll of George Soros no surprise.
and you should not be allied with enemies of our security INSIDE our country! i.e. Liberals attempting division! stop it
Then why are you allied with Trump?
bought and paid for by Globalist @georgesoros who has paid for every protest and collapsed international currencies @USATODAY
Are you speaking for yourself or for as an advocate of #HRC? You two appear awfully friendly
@jasoninthehouse Tell Chaffetz to do his job and investigate Trump et al's ties to Russia instead of leaks.
russophobe liar
Lets go ahead and declare war on Russia John. Seems like that is your focus right now. A war we are not prepared 4
Nothing wrong with beating ISIS with some help!
res accessoria sequitur rem principalem-принадлежность следует судьбе главной вещи-вы все ОДНО.
and yet you have nothing to say about Michael Flynn .....pitiful.
Why are you still supporting the Trump-Russian regime?
Mc Cain knows what Russia has on Trump. Do the right thing McCain.
Keep being a hero, you are braver than your peers, except maybe @LindseyGrahamSC
John McCain you don't speak for me. Just like Obama please don't lecture on "Who we are". Most of U.S. R NT Lk U.
Trump is in cahoots with Putin.  The writing is on the wall. Please lead us. Trump's impeachment is inevitable.
You have quite the mess on your hands. At some point, you have to decide: Party or Country. Trump ordered Flynn.
you'll be pushing for further investigation into this Flynn issue?

How will U address this blatant disregard of Nat'l Security? @GOP must act #Trump is a danger 2 our safety
Investigate Russia's hold over Trump!  Vital to national security!
they get paid to "suffer" don't they? How much you're paying them?
McCain FSB agent. I have proof. I work in the GRU. 
@USATODAY
You going to push for investigation into Flynn and others potentially colluding with Russians? #CongressDoYourJob
Idiots have known since before piss, get Page, Stone, Manafort on charges, then Congress shows balls for change.
Charge Flynn w/something & grill him over acting directly on Traitor Donny orders in all dealings w/Pootie?

This is Aybolit 
Good call on Flynn
ex of @POTUS lying 2the American people,  Clinton went through #impeachment 4 less! Get it together!
Watch—Trump Fri nite claimed he hadn't heard about WP story that Flynn talked sanctions. Story was out for a day—and DOJ told WH last month. 
@gretchenpeters @USATODAY I'm sick of words, Senator. This administration is a danger to the republic. Actions are needed NOW
perhaps "moron equals" is what you wanted to say, which is really closer to the truth, especially concerning you
but did they take $53,000 from Betsy DeVoss??
Russia Hacked Our Election!! What r u going to do about it?!
Trump = Treason.  I hope you won't let this pass.
Russian leaders, & their proxies& puppets, are our moral enemies. Tell your friends, especially those on your team!
@POTUS After Flynn's resignation an investigation needs to be open. What did Pence/Trump know? #DoYourJob
Thanks John, but if I want to know what George Soros wants me to think, I'll go to a less filtered source than you.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @jasoninthehouse The GOP "Crickets" response to Flynn resignation speaks volumes!
then quit talking and DO SOMETHING to stop the current president, and truly #MAGA
So... can you do something about the Kremlin-compromised administration? or do you want to be remembered for Sarah Palin?
I mean, Palin could see Russia from her own dacha. How does it feel having Putin tickling your fuckin' nosehairs?
Thank You !! 
Stay Strong !! 
YES!  But you need to vote as you say.  Why yes on Sessions? Why no committee to investigate Russian interference?
WAKE UP people! once you're on the war path that McCain is setting for you and for all, there will be NO WAY BACK!
More dangerous than Russia is a man that wants to trigger Russia
McCain's bullish foreign diplomacy is THE greatest threat to the US national security
.@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY It truly disgusts me when I hear @realDonaldTrump disrespect your father. #American #Hero @SenJohnMcCain
. Thorough Flynn investigation  necessary. There is a lot to uncover. Flynn did not act in a vacuum
Sure McCain. Take us to war with Russia..."The only language they understand" and the only one you speak
you are obsessed with your crazy ideas and therefore you don't care about Arizona anymore
WE ALL KNOW Flynn did NOT ACT ALONE.IS staff in THE DOSSIER. Trump is a TRAITOR! IMPEACH! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!
Dear Senator, please clean house on this Russia Scandal. Embarrassing!
won't stop until he sees an American puppet installed in the Kremlin. He wants to force his ideology on the world. Scary.
Agreed, but Trump is not, so time to stop hanging onto that fantasy and join the resistance. #ImpeachTrump
Джохн, какой же Вы дэбииил...
U better work on getting the rest of the 'garbage' out of OUR white house! Trump & others have been compromised by Putin!!
.. Why did Trump instruct Gen. Flynn to contact the Russian ambassador? This must be investigated.
This article is the worst trash I have read in the media in a long time. McCain knows nothing about Russia.
@LindseyGrahamSC Trump White House was briefed by Sally Yates last month regarding Flynn.@jasoninthehouse needs to do his job
I've been pretty ticked at you in the past, @SenJohnMcCain, but you are standing against despicable forces. You have my support. @USATODAY
My sentiments precisely- good job Senator
When is your next Town Hall Meeting, Senator?
Time to rally the GOP to grow a backbone and get these clowns out of OUR White House! #ImpeachTrump
Will you know call an investigation of Flynn in a senate hearing & investigated if Donald Trump was in the knowledge
um, care to come back from orbit mr mccain? you will lose your party or country less you take action
curious- when you run into him, does SCROTUS tell you not to share the "failing fake news of @USATODAY " ? #unstableprez
Trump is with GOP and that is more than sufficient a reason for you to leave that party. Isolate Trump!
Where is your op-ed about Michael Flynn? ...don't be afraid to point out Trump's mistakes. He's a bully not a god.
You know what they say. Birds of a feather.
Sir, we both know that Flynn was not alone in this. All the Putin praising. No apologies for misleading President
Or Vice-president in his resignation letter tonight. Please do as you've said. We don't need Russian collaborators
in our Gov't. I think there's quite a bit more we don't know. For the future of our Country plz do the right thing
PLEASE get GOP to stand up to fight for the future of this country. Bannon/Miller/Flynn need to be out! Save USA!
Thank you for keeping our eyes on Russia.
an important perspective well articulated. That's leadership. Please investigate Trump's connections to Russia.
So now Flynn; are yr loyalties to yr Russia-blind party or yr country, Senator? Will u cut the puppet's strings?
You & Graham need to step up to the plate .. Trump is all in with Russia .. Ryan/McConnell blinded by power .. fix this
Flynn is gone, still odor of fishy business between admin and Russia, though. Why isn't this being investigated?
Call on Flynn to answer to the Senate.
And the Russian-loving traitors in WH/Congress need to be eradicated. Root out Trump/Bannon, and @DanaRohrabacher!
stay a hero John. U don't have to be perfect. POTUS is a masterbating teenager who got caught being weird & then turned 70
do you have any allies in a war against Russia besides a few Ukrainians and Internet warriors?
how many casualties are expected to stop 'Russian aggression'?
@gretchenpeters @USATODAY https://youtu.be/QraIAaJK0EI  American Soldier On The Line
why are you supporting an administration FILLED with Putin operatives & sycophants? Please defend our Republic! We need you!
retire John.
