Stay Strong DO what's Right 
what about the 2 million yemens that rallied on the anniversary of the us backed bombing on these poor people?
what about his corruption involving our Democracy
thank you Sir-When the HIC needs to investigate the Chmn of the HIC & the exec branch is corrupt who is guarding democracy?
yeah! That is why we need to keep close tabs on @POTUS . 3m to fly to maralago w/o knowing who he is talking to. Support dems
You are a hero and a patriot. Thank you.
there's more tyranny and corruption in d.c. than russia...but I believe you that already don't you...
first thing I wondered is, who's funding and organizing the protests? I mean, behind the curtain...
Then protect our country against his influence here in our government and in the White House.
Your ultimate goalis New WorldOrder. The enslavement ofall mankind. 1 religion,1government, 1currency and us being chipped
wait till ya get a load of the one planned for tax day about Trump tax returns.
standup against Trump's corruption & call for independent investigation of his relationship w Russia
what #CORRUPTION? #ObamasLegacy #illegals surveilled him and found Nadda. Ur #Dreaming stuff up.
I remember when bombing I ran was cool....fool
iran
We need YOU to stand up to Putin's regime in Washington D.C.!
Are you sure they weren't protesting Putin's involvement with Trump
Why is #LiarInChief quiet? #RussiaGate #treason
our administration is just as corrupt! Don't keep being part of the corruption it's beneath you!
let's keep up the protests here in our country.
What about protests in Saudi Arabia, way bigger than russia
- pls help get Nunez to step down. You and Sen Graham know that there is collusion. We can't let this liar Prez to continue
@POTUS  as do the protest here in the US .
the 1950's called. The6 want their spies back
while it's alive and well in our WH. Why isn't @jeffsessions indicted & out of office for lying to congress under oath?
.  County/ Party. One of the good guys.
@JeffFlake Speaking of Russian tyranny & oppression...what are you going to do about #POTUSTrump ?
@MaxineWaters @CoryBooker @BernieSanders  @ananavarro @SenWarren @SenSchumer @SenFranken U.S.A. fallen apart, Nunes Coverup
Senator, we're sliding quickly in that direction under the current regime. Please oppose.
looks like we have the same tyranny and corruption in our own White House
.Over a 1000 protesters have been arrested & no word fr. Donald against it.Nobody worried about this poor stance?Wrong,wrong
Brave protesters in Russia.  No comment from our current admin. Apparently
Trump idolizes this form of democracy.  Come on Congress. Open your eyes to our own dictator Trump
even the most brainwashed of sheep dont buy this russia stuff. obviously  you serve a different master.  not american people
@Hill4America hey John McCain you're such a liar that it isn't funny we all know you're a Democrat
Where's the statement of support from your president? Force the issue of an independent investigation.
we need some protests here against the corruption and tyranny of this govt..That's one I would def march in..Fed up
this will be coming to any American town soon. We have a Putin puppet problem. Dump Trump.
We do not want to be like the Russians fighthing for our country in four years against a Dictatror.  Speak the fuck out. Now
independent investigations now.
U R traitor + old and demented! U R reason we need term limits!
Problem: the President's son in law is doing business with a sanctioned Russian bank.
Why do republicans like Putin?  Recent poll confirmed this.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @dougducey @RepMcSally @RepGosar
Thanks for acknowledging the tyranny and corruption in Russia.  Why do many republicans like Russia ?   @RepAndyBiggsAZ
Putin is he 2nd most dangerous leader in the world.  Trump is the most dangerous #RepublicanAgainstTrump
Millions of us feel the same here at home, sir. Please do something soon. This is absurd.
YES, and we need to do same w/#TheRealDonaldTrump. Pls support independent investigation into #TrumpRussiaCollusion
What about Tyranny and Nepotism by @POTUS
Why don't you move to Russia. You might be relevant there??
Where there is no justice, no equality, no freedom there can be no peace!
Very ugly! Thanks for standing up to #Trump and his Russian loyalties
retire
. But weren't you just there meeting w/Russian officials & you were there to obtain that FAKE dossier against POTUS TRUMP?
same reason we protest HERE in America! #resist
Please keep reminding the people that Russia is dangerous for us, in spite of what POTUS & Bannon might say. Stay true to us!
one of the few republicans to call out russia! If Reagan knew....
please investigate the relation of this presidency to the Putin regime. Pence will make a good leader if not shackled
agree!!
You are an embarrassment to every senile dementia patient in the USA. Please get ur meds refilled @SenJohnMcCain @vkaramurza
let's worry about America and let Russia be..or do you have an agenda somebody else wrote for you?
is there nothing that can be done to preserve our democracy and our credibility. The Russian interference is frightening.
One thing we could do is get rid of the traitor in our midst...John McCain
and yet your president has said DICK on the topic. You voted for him and his hombres.
Hey John-boy.. I see you're still enamored w/evil empire.. happens when getting older - can't let go of the past! #TermLimits
...PLEASE DO NOT DELAY IN SETTING UP AN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION....NUNEZ IN THE HOUSE IS A CRIMINAL
you better take a pills downed pilot.tyranny are yours for a whole world.its very clear when u just shutdown 4evr
Y rn't U SECRETARY OF STATE? Need get Jared who knows NOTHING about our WORLD out of WH along with wife and GRM REEPR BANNON
Rex Tillerson IS NO WORLD LEADER. Only cancels Moscow trip when public FURIOUS he chose RUSSIA over NATO!  DEMOCRACY ALERT!
Over 2 thousand people In saudi arabia protested us lead coloitions. Got any words on that??
Yeah?? What about saudi arabia this week
yes, and Putin calls them "paid protesters"...somehow those words sound familiar...
thank God someone in US govt is taking a stand on this! Investigate #TrumpRussia connection. Please!!!
я тебя отпизжю,если не угомонишься!
then why are we not pushing for separation rather than embrace from @POTUS
yes. Wish you had spoken up for #NoDAPL protesters too.
what about the corruption in our senate? Quit worrying about other countries and worry about ours. #termlimits
That's what I say
but everyone turns a blind eye to here at home
you can interfere in the domestic affairs of Russia it's okay right? Don't forget you're a terrorist.
@PrincessBravato Kinda like what happening here.
Dear Mr McCain, to stop tyranny US should block all russian VIP accounts, to ban SWIFT and provide weapon to Ukraine
We hope freedom wins out.
brave people in an corrupt autocratic regime. The theft of Russian companies disgeaceful
Why do U want War with #Russia? Why Do You Not Want 2 Eliminate Isis? Baltic Arms to Syria?$$$
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS a strong @NATO is a safe America
Prevent Russian influence on US by denying Trump his agenda until tainted election investigated by special prosecutor.
Why don't you go there and protest yourself.
Are you interfering in their elections?
move there and run for President. Pretty funny huh?
please step down. 
What about that protest in Yemen same day? What about our involvement in Yemen's demise?
Europe stop buy gas! now Europe fnansing putin
@PrincessBravato we need independent investigation into Russian election interference now
Russia interference are really that blind? Does your hatred for trump blind you to the truth?
And what about you. Where do you stand !
@POTUS Yes, leaky demcain, it's imperative you look after your Russian interests.
Sir, these types of protests may occur soon on our soil if #trump not kept in check as his family members run WH #autocracy
Well that's just a brilliant comment..best you could do?
Protests across #USA  imp't demonstration against tyranny & corruption of #TrumpBannon regime
They're brave people facing serious reprisals. We're free to protest. We can say whatever we want to. Even if it's annoying.
Spicer in his statement made it clear the opposition of this is from the administration. He didn't say the WH opposed it.
When they do it it's protesting corruption When we do it it's Paid Protestors -  more proof of the Russian influence in DC
join @senchuckschumer in calling for Nunes to be replaced and investigated along the rest of them crooks in the WH
was one of first call for independent investigation into 45 &Russia.  Not everything is party lines..  McCain is ethical man!
MCCain is just worthless and sore Obama kicked his ass when he ran for president. #TRUMPTRAIN #MAGA
load'em up
Perhaps it's the only way to govern Russia without external interference. Bad guys are everywhere. The future will be better
tell your President. Not a good idea for golden showers this week
are there any ties between Uranium 1 and Clinton Foundation?
Glad there is ONE R senator who is putting country over party. Keep up the good work on this.
Very well put Stacy.
Importantly the protest demonstion attest that all Russian's  do not have the same corrupt minds as their President Putin.
Oddly Sen. McCain there was a European Nations people, whose minds were as corrupt as there Dictators ; HITLER'S NAZI REGIME
What we THINK about Russia and Putin; The 2 of us!  Ironically!!!
Then work to force independent investigation into #Trumprussia
I am proud of President Trump and his team. They are doing an amazing job so far .my disappointment is you McCain.
Americans want Independent Commission to Investigate Trump's ties to Russia!
@SenateMajLdr @Emolclause @POTUS no excuses! You are accountable to Americans! Remove Trump!
How long until they happen here about your party's leader?
Bạn là biểu tượng của sự chuyên chế và tham nhũng trên toàn thế giới. Nhưng chúng tôi đã quan tâm của bạn.
violent attacks against POTUS supporters go highly unnoticed. thanks Mr. Senile. you need to retire before alzheimers set in
we need protest here too! Nunes has 2 go! Sessions lied under oath! Corruption in House  Cover-up! Americans want truth!
we should take to the streets here to protest the likes of you.
Thank you Sen McCain for tweeting this because the silence, (of course) from Trump & the WH on these protests is deafening.
you're on Snapchat now? You should've got Myspace when you ran in 2008. Maybe you would have won
if the admin.is innocent why do they keep covering up everything.
The good guys are going to win Senator! Good always wins over bad
Yet we have @realDonaldTrump and his family colluding with Putin.
Russia is right here in our country...can't you see????
Another important demonstration against Putin regime would be an independent investigation of Trump's Russian ties.
