#ARIZONA IS WATCHING @SenJohnMcCain Bipartisan independent investigation on #russiagate? #russiatrump #traitor UR A WAR HERO!
What have U done over the decades to help Indian schools the reservations R disgusting don't tell us to read wsj
Same thing he's done to help Vets, nothing
#Devos? Bipartisan independent investigation on #russiagate?#russiatrump #traitor colluded w. #Putin Step up! #TheResistance
no Arizonian deserves a fake leader posing as a senator in DC either, but U have fooled enough of them 2 maintain the charade
Yet you voted for DeVos. Education doesn't appear to be a priority for you.
Why not have town halls to discuss priority
Wrong. Putin stole Crimea, is bombing Ukraine and owns Trumps sorry worthless ass. Trump should worry Putin kills to cover tracks
McCain up to his BS again!!
All this posturing and yet you helped put Devos into Trump's cabinet. DEMAND accountability.  #TrumpRussia   
@JeffFlake Public schools need $$$. Vouchers /charter schools kill public edu.
Dismantle.
No student deserves someone making decisions about their education who knows nothing about education. Shameful DeVos vote.
All govt. run school systems are abysmal!!! Hope DeVos can clean house & stop teachers from indoctrinating & actually teach
You've had YRS & YRS 2 do something about this. It's a result of your FAILED representation for decades!
@JeffFlake No student deserves Betsy DeVos & school vouchers but you're going to foist those off on the country, aren't you?
as long as you are in Syria why don't you stay there.
Oh boy, B careful! Your adversaries will call U a bleeding heart liberal 4 caring about Native Americans! #GOODHUMAN #PATRIOT
He cares about them as much as he cares about our Vets. Zip
you are a terrible person
@JeffFlake Quality education requires money. Cough up enough funding for AZ schools for all students.
DONT WORK FOR A TRAITOR! NO SENATOR SHOULD WORK FOR A TRAITOR!
Fix it!
what have U been doing for the Indian Resv in ur state who have been living below poverty line & no jobs SHAME
So do u get a commission from wsj cuz I can't read the a article w/o subscribing.#hero2zero
the way Native Americans get treated in our own country has a lot to do with it. Look how the #NODAPL kids got treated.
no student deserves Betsy DeVos as EdSec either...senator
no republican deserves you songbird!!
why did you not help the Indians in Arizona, McCain? Sad . Arizona stop voting this swamp man
I'm sure your school choice will fix this, right?!
please retire
John please go home you have overstayed your visit.
You should have freed the Indians for as long as you been in office,long time. Socialist terrorist you!
No Native Americans deserved anything they've gotten at our hands. Retire so your successor can help FIX IT. #TermLimits
sort of like how we the American people don't deserve men that take money from Russia and Soros. Retire.
I have spent considerable time on the Ute and Lakota Indian Reservations.  I know a lot about the inner workings.
The Indian Education System is abhorrent and dooms students to failure.
And how has this suddenly become an issue? 894/899
wld u pls push investigation of #russiagate the most important issue fundamental to our existence
Open an office in Northern AZ where if there are problems, there is a presence for re-dress.
When looking for source of problems- we look at those who have been in office. MOVE your office across the street from the VA
How do you plan to fix it
So fund it! Oh wait, GOP is against funding things.
And no country deserves a career politician bad mouthing the President on foreign soil. Retire.
yet, let's endanger their water too.  Way to go!
hope you resign
It pales by comparison to the mind damage done by a multitude of PC trash gushing teachers!
Yes John, very true.  Better put "NO STUDENT DESERVES A GOVERNMENT SCHOOL EDUCATION (public).
we expect Washington to work with tribes to fix this.....
You must get paid by the WSJ!
John stop talking about issues unless u r going to stand up for we the people. Profits over humanity. U r becoming them
@realDonaldTrump No republican president deserves the desertion ofyour loyalty Sen MCCain. You of all people should know that
you lost the moral high ground on education when you voted for Devos.
Sen. McCain I would like to travel to DC to visit your office & seek moral policy 4 Compact of Free citizen on both US & FSM.
You're great at negative reviews. How about some positive leadership? Or positive reviews for those who show leadership?
then fix it!
No student deserves Betsy DeVos
spam
Bravo once again, Senator. This Texas Dem would cast his vote for you if I could.
Already; Good Thursday Morning, The McCain Familly
Nor do they deserve Betsy DeVos
But that's what you gave them
we don't deserve Dubos either but she bought your vote.
I'm looking to you for leadership!
McCain has proven he can lead as a Senator
Like the time he leaded in 2008!
traitor
no country deserve you in office #POWTRAITOR #FAKEOUTRAGE
Senator McCain,  did you know that @seanhannity is spreading lies about you?
what about transgender rights??
You have no redeeming qualities.
