We as ACA payers are funding Medicaid. When you charge a healthy family $30k+ per year for health care to fund Medicaid it's redistribution
Families don't pay 30k a year to fund Medicaid unless they're very rich.

Nice try though.
You actually pay more in corporate subsidies than for welfare programs. Significantly more.
That $4k is a round number where all of your other numbers are to the penny. Why is that?
Really? THAT'S what you got from the graphic?? 
If one part is false, it's all false.
Translation: "I am gonna find any justification I can not to believe this because actually learning something hurts my brain."
Show the data that supports your post. You cannot because it is false.
what was that? You are taken care of and left the people to suffer. Unbelievable.
Ah ok. So it's about protecting Arizona. Got it John.
it might have happened if you got off your ass and voted for the bill.... shame on you
Why you vote against the President? Should be ashamed. You are a comminist
Congratulations Senator on choosing humanity over politics and showing the world your integrity and caring nature  We admire you
Senator McCain, thank you for your "trump no care" vote! I know you gave thumbs down on floor But we know you meant  to trump. thx.
You need to either retire or switch to the other side. You don't make any sense
What is he going to tell Arizona constituents about imploding healthcare premiums?Great job they suffer more/resignret. Special Agent/vet
You are disconnected that you let a liberal media outlet like @azcentral do your explaining?

Retire! 

Resign!

Please!!
Thank you for protecting my disabled child, my husband battling cancer, our 100+ employees and all with current affordable healthcare #hero
You're a #GovernmentControlFreak who who wants the federal government to control 1/6 of the GDP. You're sickening!
A donkey wearing a rhino skin pretending to be an elephant... https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R2/status/891158963319824384 …
RECALL MCCAIN
THANKSSS
You have left your constituents without trust as you voted NO to Repeal the ACA. I'm so tired of the RINO's making promises they don't keep.
Health care is not a right people. Health care is a service where at least 2 parties agree on set services.
Thank you Sen McCain for voting your conscience on health care. Hopefully both sides will listen & work together for America.
No, McCain just wants attention.  His hubris and damaged brain have damaged our country.
BS he has tapped out Ducey needs to replace him now..
John McCain lied to Zonies & the American People.  Fuck him!
@SenJohnMcCain
Oh absolve his state of possible expenses?? Not the country?? Due to illegals is it????
Sorry for your brain tumor and loss of reason. You forgot you are a Republican not a Democrat. You need help. You have disappointed me
Thank you Senator McCain!  Fixing Obamacare is something that will insure your legacy!  It took real chutzpah to vote your conscience.
Entitlements is now ur game, who cares Obamacare is killing ALL of us, indiv & small biz. Where went ur courage & cohones.  pathetic & sad
Got an idea.  Show us what your made of!  All senate vote to abolish their luxurious Senate healthcare, and all of you enroll in Obamacare
The only real solution is to vote out all incumbents and replace with newbies not entrenched in party politics.
I only want one thing, for you to retire.
You should be ashamed! Especially with your state having a single carrier! Repeal or repeal & replace! The End!
All about you. You, you, you. Screw the American people you lied to for years. All you ever do is lie.
I apologize.
Very foolish to think Dems will help. Help themselves to more power and I wish we could recall you. Sad, I voted for you several times.
Will do anything to scuttle @realDonaldTrump presidency.  HE has top of line health-care - he sticks us with a failing plan - no way forward
8 years... and you are still lying to the people who voted for you.  You fully own Obama/McCaincare.
Thanks for killing FREEDOM for American Healthcare-you definitely have a brain tumor-it doesn't matter because you have free healthcare 
I know now that you really don't care about the people of Arizona or the US. Redeem yourself and propose legislation to put you on Obamacare
Thank you Senator McCain. I lost my healthcare 2 years ago after 38 years under Obamacare. This skinny down version would have helped me.
Want the citizens of USA to pay for AZ decisions what party?
STEP DOWN AND RETIRE MCCAIN!!!!!!
You senators are losers! You do not represent the American People!  You represent yourselves and big money!  You suck
McCain is a Russian agent intent on destroying Trump and the USA, likes to arm ISIS and Al-Qaeda, nothing but a bombastic blowhard!
Thank you Maverick! Now let's fix this!!! Back to regular order please!! Thanks for staying strong!! 
John you are now the toast of the democrat party....so pathetic.
McCain is an idiot.
#repealJohnMcCain #nowarhero
Who cares whatJohn McCain wants?  The sooner he is gone from the U.S. Senate, The better!  He is a RINO. . .
#traitor
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for thumbs down on the Skinny health bill. Congress shldn't sell a product it would not buy for itself.
Thank You John McCain putting Country Over Party &Showing Courage Now weCan come together&Fix Problem  Can say  Proud 2B American Watching U
John McCain has let the People Down.  Time to go to your Best Medical Doctors.
Obamacare people are dying......
Thank you Senator for your NO vote on skinny repeal. Nice to see some stand up for the people instead of their party.
I THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOTE TONIGHT, SENATOR. YOU SHOW THAT COUNTRY AND PEOPLE COME OVER PARTY. WE MUST WORK TOGETHER. THANK YOU.
Thank you for voting no.
I wish you well in your recovery and treatments but please retire and let someone do what we elected them to do. Repeal
Short & Simple: thank you.
TRAITOR!!!!!!!!
We thank you!
@SenJohnMcCain  
@realDonaldTrump 
As We Wait AGAIN ! Think about  'Term Limits' For Congress!  Pay Cut's ! Penalized for Absence Of QUORUM
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!
Thank you so much for standing up for all the people. You are such a wonderful man and everyone appreciates you voting against skinny repeal
I am definitely not a fan of yours, but I thought these were good amendments - I take it they were not accepted and hence your no vote?
Thank you for finding the courage to vote NO on taking away health care from millions of Americans.
Thank you so much for your NO vote on the "Skinny Repeal."  Universal Healtcare Now!
Well done on vote Senator
Thank you John McCain for your vote against the skinny repeal...at least someone still believes in the Democratic process!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, for being the hero you are.
And thank you again @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins for hanging tough all week. You have my deepest admiration.
Thank you Senator McCain for voting no on the health plan.  Proud of you !
I voted for you for POTUS !
& right now I LOVE u, i LOVE u !
THK U for saving medicaid &demanding Bipartisanship
Her heart will be funded:
Look at her shirt: Created by God, Built for a purpose... 
U make GOP finally pro-life 
as I was when I worked w OpRescue at MoodyBible
Thank you, Sen McCain, for holding off this "Skinny Thing." Please be the mediator that helps reconcile GOP and Dems. Our country is dying.
Please please please don't vote yes on #trumpcare. My veteran brother of Iraq would have died without private insurance as a result of #ACA
Thank you, Senator, for putting Arizona's interest first!
Thank you, I wish we could send some pizza
Thank you from my family for standing with Senator Collins and Senator Murkowski to defend those who haven't a voice. 
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!
As a 2 time brain surgery survivor whose surgeries cost $250,000/pop, please, Senator, vote no. We're begging you.
we're watching, @SenJohnMcCain. all of america is watching, tonight. we will take note as to what each of you do.
Get something done! I will not vote for anyone currently in the house or senate unless this gets done correctly. Be a leader!
Don't let your legacy be depriving millions of Americans of access to the kind of health care that permitted you to return to DC to vote
Coo coo ca choo, Senator McCain, a nation turns its lonely eyes to you. Respect the School House Rock. Please. There is a reason for order.
Please vote no. Pence wants us to die. Please vote no.
I'm just flat out begging you to vote NO. Please. For the love of god and country,  vote NO. It's a bad bill, a bad process and you know it.
Please vote no. You just had surgery funded by taxpayer dollars. Why deny millions that same guarantee of health!
VOTE NO JOHN!!!!!!!
What about CBO that 6 million that have employer cov will lose it? Vote no. Need @SenateGOP to do right 4 their ppl fix ACA and make better
Arizonans want quality affordable healthcare. Repeal of mandate will make premiums soar. Like you so eloquently said, hold hearings first!
Im going to bed now John. Thanks for being a hero tonight. Don't let them talk you out of it.
Will stand by your how to repeal Obamacare or be a hypocrite who abused his voters?
Please vote no on the skinny!
John for the love of God& ur country vote ON on skinny repeal bill. Cant trust the house. Be a man of ur word Send it back to regular order
Vote NO on #skinnyrepeal. You KNOW the bill is rotten. You KNOW it will hurt people. Become a hero again: VOTE PEOPLE, NOT PARTY. Please.
THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
SEN McCAIN
FOR VOTING W/YOUR FIGHTING FOR
WHATS RIGHT FOR AMERICAN PEOPLE!
A HERO FOR ALL GENERATIONS!!!
Senator McCain!!! PLEASE vote no on this skinny bill. PLEASE!!!!! Do the right thing!  PLEASE!!!!!!!!
@SenJohnMcCain pretty please!
Resign.
Do something for the American people and vote for the bill. Don't listen anymore to the special interests and do what is right for us.
What has happened to America and the Democracy when Senators are voting for a bill that they don't want to pass!
You voted to allow debate. You said earlier this bill is bad. Nothing has improved. I hope you end this tonight. Quit moving the goal
vote no on 2nite's hc bill; think re those w/ serious diagnoses like urs & have to worry about affrding treatmnt & not leaving fmly bankrupt
We are sick of all your deceitful words and actions. We're all seeing that you are only against this Potus and wants to see him fail. Please
Don't do it...don't vote for this skinny repeal...be The Maverick
Please vote no on the skinny bill. It's not worth the risk. This is insane!
For the love of God John McCain, this is your chance to be a hero more than ever before... please vote no on the Skinny Bill!
Sen. McCain, I urge you to vote no on #SkinnyRepeal. I know you have the courage to stop this trainwreck
Please Senator, protect the citizens you represent. No on Skinny Repeal.
For tonight's vote Just Say NO
If you know it is wrong, why in Gods name would you vote yes?
Show courage and integrity and vote against "skinny repeal"!
Don't your constituents deserve the same #healthcare you just received? #Standup & vote against these devastating bills. #CountryOverParty
LIAR!!
You also need to include cost management plans in any healthcare bill that will result in an unsustainable business model
The question that begs to be asked - Why the hell weren't anyone's amendments considered or debated BEFORE this shitstorm hit? #communicate
As someone who depends on insurance to fight cancer will you sell out 16 million people to give wealthy people a tax cut?
Outside now:
Ted Kennady would be ashamed of you today, I know I am. Ty for killing my mom. Ty for ignoring women children elderly vets . Shame
Please vote no tonight Senator McCain! Our lives depend on it!
The legislation could cause the individual insurance market to collapse putting millions of American families at financial risk.
reported to be in the “skinny” repeal bill are enacted into law.
eliminated annual and lifetime benefit limits, and guaranteed minimum essential coverage will not be sustainable if the provisions
Critical patient protections in the current health care law that ended discrimination against people with pre-existing conditions,
@LindseyGrahamSC Go Back To Regular Senate Order. You are making a mockery of the US Senate.
VOTE NO
is a threat to millions of Americans including cancer patients and survivors who must have comprehensive coverage....
It's breaking my heart you have that magnificent speech and now you're voting for it. Sadly, this is your legacy. Prove me wrong please.
"The continuing effort by Senate leaders to figure out by trial and error some bill that might gain the needed 50 votes to pass....
A statement from the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network (ACS CAN) follows:
Please don't vote for this bill. I wanted to believe you cared about process and decorum.
Please don't pass this bill Senator McCain. @SenJohnMcCain
Senator I have so much respect for you. I urge you to vote no please. This isn't the right way to fix ACA & deep down I believe you agree.
I knew you would let the American people down! Thank you sir for serving the great nation and its people w/ honor!
vote no please God vote no ryan is a liar if it passes you will destroy healthcare it will be worse then the depression.
Please stand up for the people of AZ and get this #SkinnyRepeal passed!  It's not perfect but a step in the right direction.
Maverick or sell out?
Mr McCain .. this is your moment. Please respect the process and vote no on skinny bill. You know it is the right decision.
There is no justification for the Senate process on this health care bill. Millions of people’s healthcare is on the line.
Sen. McCain how would you like to face the souls of the men, women, and children who died because of lack of medical care? Show empathy!
You are facing tremendous medical challenges right now. Do you want to face your maker with that on your conscience?
What's the rush to push this "skinny" bill through in the night without the public being allowed to see it. Looks like business as usual.SAD
Sen. McCain, I wish you no ill will. I faced my own demise and stared death right in the face when I flatlined during surgery.
Retire. Go enjoy that health insurance you have.
Sen. McCain I am loosing respect for you. In your heart you KNOW that the so-called Skinny Bill will be a disaster but said you'll vote yes.
@SenJohnMcCain if you didn't have excellent insurance as a senator, imagine what your battle with cancer might be. Think before you vote
Sen McCain, i'm a republican, but this isn't right. i know you'll remain true to your principals and vote no on "skinny".
You are as much of a pathetic party yes man as the rest of the evil pack--we expected better from you
Be a man. Stand up to bullies and don't vote for something you don't believe in!
And after he doesn't get it he'll vote yes anyway. Your military heroism does not absolve your legislative cowardice. Shameful end to career
Ridiculous... repeal obamacare Stop using my tax dollars to increase Medicare get it back to pre obamacare levels...stop fleecing people
Voting for Skinny Repeal hurts vulnerable Americans, raises premiums. No guarantee once it goes to the House. Vote No. Kill it. Start over.

#VoteNO on #SkinnyRepeal - make me eat so much crow for calling you a hypocrite. EARN that maverick title!! Think of us!!
Senator: Please be a Maverick and Hero vote against this skinny destruction of health care for millions. You know it's morally wrong.
Vote NO tonight on skinny bill and all other attempts to game the political system.
Do not vote yes on this bill. It is shoddy and harmful and the House will pass it. You know this. Represent ALL AMERICANS.
Vote no for skinny repeal. Please try to undo the vote people will remember you for
This is the most important vote you'll ever cast. Don't ruin your legacy by trusting vile @SpeakerRyan and screw your constituents. #voteno
What are you thinking?  The #GOP will pay a steep price for this pathetic excuse for a #HealthCareBill
Put your constituents before party. Vote NO or own this abomination when it becomes law on Saturday
Please vote for a bill you find acceptable as is rather than a promise that the House will come up with a better one later.
You know it is wrong to vote yes-on a bill you admit should never become law.  You are playing chicken with MY life and it is reprehensible
Vote no tonight, please.
Senator McCain, why do you want to vote yes on a bill only if congress promises to kill it? Why not just vote no?
Vote NO John on skinny repeal. Fix the ACA. Work with the Democrats.
He wants his medical coverage as he steals it away from 20 million people.  You are a sham, a fraud.
McCain's legacy of cowardice will by topped off with his assistance in the passage of #SkinnyRepeal once the house "can't" work it out.
You want to continue Medicaid expansion for 10 years? So you want  a bunch of 10 year lazy welfare mooches? How about 5 years?
Not in the bill being voted on. Please vote NO. We can't rely on a pinky promise from the @HouseGOP, especially with the AHCA experience
Amendment to put all voting members of congress on individual ins w/out70% subsidies.  Then maybe repubs will care about ins mkt
Don't sell out. As 1 of 16 million that will lose ins -individual mkt will collapse.  Not freedom=death-58, preexist cond, no ins.
I can't afford skinny repeal, nor can millions of other families. You know this is wrong.
