I think our president is more dangerous then NK, this is the real story!
Love you - help John Kelly out- you both work for Team America .
1318 072017 +54 Rachel
@MeghanMcCain
*NEW COLUMN*
Don't tweet trash talk us into war, Mr President. This is deadly serious. #NorthKorea  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4775250/PIERS-MORGAN-Trump-trash-talk-war-NK.html …

GOOD HE HAS SEEN THE LIGHT!
a kick in the  a  is the best solution with Kim !!!
I know N Korea is a VERY VERY difficult situation , BUT .... It only gets worse with time and impotent talk ...
If McCain is speaking he is lying. He has proven he can't be trusted.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
we need term limits all you 80+ congressmen and women need to be voted out! OUT OUT OUT!!! #termlimits #OUT #2old2makelaws
If McCain is talking you know he is lying!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Want to wait till next year that way we'll have a new senator
if you think it's hard now , just wait until Kim has 150 ICBM Nukes pointed at us
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
McCain has had zero ideas for decades in how to handle N K.  Sit back john and warch a REAL LEADER work..PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
A joke! McCain didn't negotiate to get remaining 400+  US VietNam prisoners home. McCain an ass and traitor.
So far nobody even tried to negotiate
https://t.co/hQcTFX5Z4n?amp=1
Impeach Trump! NOW! this is his plan!!!! #destroy and distract
Who really gives a shit what this phony thinks?
Those of us living on the west coast prefer that option to being destroyed with nuclear weapons.
USA we have but one choice: to live in Peace or Perish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwWW3sbk4EU&app=desktop …

Trump "began fulminating about federal laws that prohibit American businesses from bribing officials overseas." 
We have you, You have Us, just good, thank you God, Allah
nope. #odiousness #isREALLY all the #lies #corruption and government #antiTRUST behavior that you #coverUp... $3 billion to settle. @FBI @vp
Totally agree with this article re: nuclear weapon bargaining chip...so what is the solution after 3 administrations? Difficult...
I am surprised he can still negotiate his way to the toilet
US must get rid of Kim JungUn. US must arrest Moon JaeIn as spy & traitor!
#SKOREANS support pres Trump decision making on NKorea.
Does McCain even know what 'Odius' means?  Let alone any of his fossil followers?#McCainMustGo
And your stance on gun control given tragic events in Vegas? I'd like to know.
Sad day when Pelosi is the best thing to happen to the Republican Party and you are the worse.
He has his own AGENDA.Stopping and blocking everything Trump is trying to do. No hero
POTUS has it under control. Your not needed.
Donny has nothing under control .. including himself.
Sen McCain a stable world leader would not make a provocative statement and then be got about its meaning. You know better same as me....
,,,Americans deserve an explanation. War is serious and will impact our families more than most politicians families. Fight to impeach trump
Right we'll wait for a nuke from NK. You'll blame Trump for not taking action.. typical libs
Admire you but I'm going to keep on tweeting GUN CONTROL until you take a stance on this also. John, on this issue, blood on your hands.
McCain is moron!
It’s obvious that Kim is a little Hitler.  Stop pandering to this fool.
Send him VA let him died
Time for a US naval blockade of N Korea! Don't let their nuke weapons get to Iran & elsewhere!
Better option than blowing up the whole country and starting a 3rd world war
We have negotiated and given them mega money.  So what are you willing to give them now?  They have everything they wanted.
Shut up go away you got the dossier you are jealous and it's blinds you SHUT UP
Why doesn't the old bird just go away take Nancy Pelosi with you your partner in crime
John McCain is a goofball! President Trump has done more for the veterans then this guy has his whole career! McCain legacy failed war hero
@SenJohnMcCain and his opinions are worthless. His failed Presidential runs and lack of moral fiber are a disgrace to the @GOP. He needs to retire and just go away. He's a liar:
Meghan,the opinions of one person aren't enough. How trump handles these issues of national security are dangerous, unplanned,& irrational.
I guess we could just pay NK a billion dollars for every nuke that they say they were going to lunch.
Sen. McCain, you are a buffoon and thank you for your service
Is nuclear war better?
It just wrong what is being done to the low income and the poor... I hope I live long enough to see all that approved it loose their seats!
Why did this new tax budget pass... It is going to hurt the AMERICAN PEOPLE n help the rich. Plus it cut deep in Medicare and Medicaid.
But necessary!
To a warmonger, negotiations are counterproductive. Duh! McCain needs to retire.
Nuclear war is even more odious than that, though. Talking ~vs~ blowing things up isn't really equivalent.
So let's get this straight, keep talking until they drop a nuke on the U.S.? Then what genius, more talk? RETIRE Brutus
It may be an odious option but better than belligerent rantings from Trump! Talking is better than military action which is no solution!
Been talking and giving in to Kim since Bill Clinton. Only back then he didn’t have nukes. Now where are we?
If only you cared so much about your constituents. Come join us on the Bronze plan ....
Considering NK has said they will not speak directly to the US, I don’t thing we have to worry about the odious option.
