If you were concerned about the environment, you should have shown up to vote no on Scott Pruitt. #EPA #climatechange
McCain should be concerned about his own actions as a Republican.
Clean up your act McCain or shift over 2 the Dem party
You need to go get lost in the forest.
Come on, John... get ur big boy pants on and challenge Nunes on his Russia-Trump involvement.
Retire
Lousy contract; contractor has more lucrative work...penalize, build it into contract.
please retire
where thr enviroment is a huge concern now that american is once again under corporate control, however
why no concern for hibernating bears and foxes?
"WE THE PEOPLE" ARE CONCERNED ABOUT YOU!
Only 8k of 300k paid for to do ? Pull their ass in front of Congress and chew their ass. Govt waste of money.
I'm concerned you are still in senate#termlimits
you should worry about doing a better job yourself this is nature cleaning itself.  You need to retire
Your not even concerned about human life you hypocrite. #sociopath #compromised
it's time for you to retire, tried of hearing you being negative.
please be worried about clear cutting for profit. The regulations need to be protected and enforced to keep our trees
He is an expert in all topics. McCain believes he is a good. Just so you understand
What about Trump and Russia! Beat your drum senator!! Help get things moving and get him out of office!
Get serious! Ur @GOP What do U care about the #environment
When McCain is the voice in the Republican party to fight against climate change..........
ur not concerned about anything but ur fat payoff checks from elitists! Resign liberal rino!
why do u require 3 offices.What a waste of taxpayer money. Traitor. Retire.
Dink!
But then I don't watch fake news, like cough cough fox!
I would think the attack on us by Russian forces would be a greater importance considering devastating affect
: You Know it's terrorists you've let flood into U.S. So are the 20+ train wreaks/derailments in U.S the past 18 months.
more concerned about NCAA bracket and undermining potus.  Establishment swamp dweller
Final smart substance, but please retire.
Why then are Republicans doing away with EPA and global warming safeguards?
bomb them! That will get things done!
run for president with Biden in #2020
does he want to bomb lumberjacks and invade the forest in response?
Take an extinguisher out to Forest
you're not even close to those who wish to preserve the USA as the beacon of Freedom
logging and drilling that's the new admin way
Climate change is one of the reason of the increasing wildfires in the West.  California suffered for quite some time.
The only wildfire I'm concerned about is the one the GOP started in DC. I wouldn't even throw them a water pistol.
i'm sure he looks at firefighting as some type of WAR he wants to fight and the Russians are behind it.
John McCain is the last voice of sanity left in Washington. #thankGodforpatriots
The country's a disaster and he's concerned about thin forests?
RINO
that's to T cutting out EPA
that's from  pollution
Come back down to earth John..You are not GOD so stay out of his business.
are you really the "LEAKER?!" TSK! TSK! IF TRUE- Time 2 step down.
#GRATITUDE #Honor #Prayers #Blessings 
Bring your rhetoric and your vote into alignment, @SenJohnMcCain. Until then, your rhetoric is meaningless.
You should probably do something about climate change then.
I really like you, but you say these things but vote the other way. It only counts if you support it all the way.
Quit the GOP, they are enemies of the environment. Trump won't even take your calls anyway, what's the point in fealty?
Talking about yourself in the third person now, John??? Geesh!Time to retire me thinks.
how about being concerned about selecting a independent committee to investigate White House espionage with the Russians
a member of the GOP concerned for the environment? Maybe he said wild liars and truth spinning.
I live near a national forest where this is done. He does NOT know what he is talking about. These controlled fires help.
Sir,bombing Euphrates Dam in Syria is a War Crime:"Article 56 of the 1977 Additional Protocol I to the Geneva Conventions
I'm concerned about the fact that McCain's brain cells might be thinning. Did the Russians cause the deforestation?
What the Associated Press says!!!
Fire is natures way of cleaning out the dead, dying and overcrowding in the forest. A way of getting back equilibrium.
I'm concerned that he's still in the Senate!  Poster boy for term limits.  Don't start another war because I said that...
real estate developer would do it fast and free.
Putting out dumpster fires will help prevent wildfires.
sure you think the Russians are behind it.
If we invade the wilderness, execute the trees, then there can be no wildfires!  Genius.
PLEASE protect our environment for future generations.
