I’m back. 
And you, @SenJohnMcCain, have long been an inspiration to us all! God bless you and yours.

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Yup. Like the rest of us, he's imperfect. Unlike some of us, he hasn't let pride or insecurity keep him from correcting poor choices.
No he has let pride and bitterness rule him. Or maybe he just lied to get reelected. Funny how some are ok with lying if it goes their way
Like Trump, some easily, bitterly criticize another who has sacrificed & contributed based on some bad choices. I'm not good enough for that
You are not good enough to hold your politicians accountable. To demand they be truthful no matter what side. Ok I got ya
This basic civic duty requires cooperation of people who disagree on some points but can respectfully share thoughts. Work to do.
Maybe Steve can remind you about in your own words"Repeal and Replace"
So little coverage of that day.
Hey snapperhead when are you up for re-election? So we can campaign against you....
Admire the officers that ran in and saved so many that would have been shot. They ran into danger. Heros
Someone who compared himself to David Duke should be an inspiration to no one sir.
Word on the street is you will vote against tax reform. Is there ANYTHING that you will support @POTUS on? ANYTHING?!
@SenJohnMcCain H8's @realDonaldTrump & WON'T SUPPORT a thing he DOES even tho it means SCREWING USA in process he dont give a shit!
HEY SONGBIRD? WHO DO YOU PAY TO DO YOUR TWITTER ACCOUNT. CAN'T GET ANY SOUPIER...DON'T FORGET YOU ARE HATED IN ARIZONA...AND THE NATION
Yea, Birds of a Feather! Two useless, no good traitors
He is  crap he is bought and paid
Great see you are recovering
Dems Love you, McCain thanks for all that you are.
Great !
your just another creature in the swamp , plenty of war heroes better than McCain who dont expect a free ride in lift
Guess you will have to try another plot.

McCain don't cares American families and please retire
Go away.your slimy,google McCain scandals
What are you going to do to Protect Americans from the next #MassShooting ?
Take more @NRA Cash?
#GunControlNow
Both of you are inspiring Americans. Shows true grit of what we all are made of in the USA.
Scalise is deserving of high praise. Liar is not.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
He isn't like you !' Great to have him back
thank goodness!/last thing we need is another @SenJohnMcCain wen there's 1 2 many of him in GOV as is!
Retire. Your time has come and gone. Save some dignity by getting out before you embarrass yourself even more by lying about repealing Ocare
I wish he would retire unfortunately when he dies his legacy is the senator who killed repeal Obamacare
He is leftist just like hillary
if only he would learn from this and stop attacking LGBTQ --- ie, really remember who saved him.
Now find out who took your Balls and we will be good. #coward #RepealAndReplace
Did your becoming a no vote on Obamacare have anything to do with helping @MeghanMcCain get her job on The View?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
He is an honest man, you can't say that Mr. Demo
IT IS  MIRACLE I SEND  NOTE TO YOUR DOCTORS THE BASTARDS   NEVER  REPLIED 
YIU ARE  LUCKY  SURVIVED  FENTANYL INJECTIONS LET MAKE  FLAFEL
Glad to see Mr. Scalise is doing well. Mr. McCain you are also an inspiration, American is proud to have you watching our backs.
Welcome back. Nothing has gotten done since you've been gone so you're all caught up.
Yes, pay attention to how a real Senator acts.
I cried a little. Truly inspiring as you are!!
YOU, Sir, are the inspiration.
I'm not a Republican but I don't wish anyone harm. Hope he uses his 2nd chance to do good and not just be a politician
I just hope that he has come back with the belief that ALL people should have proper health coverage.
Welcome back
Welcome back Senator Scalise!
Says the Senator who is the epitome of perseverance & inspiration. Good Rep. Scalise is back. Politics has no place in these situations.
There's more camaraderie and genuine friendship on the Hill than people know. Amazed at @SteveScalise's perseverance & glad he's back!
They're both amazing.
thank you John McCain.
When people come so close to death they have a change of heart. I hope Scalise has had that 'metanoia' -- Repentance.
So when are you going to come back to Earth & act like the person who use to care? You are no longer a Republican-so disappointed in your.
he is back you gone
I'm very glad he is healing. I'll leave it at that.
learn from him and be a real patriot
I'm glad Steve had good health insurance . Your garbage
Trump was right again your no hero !  A lier yes you win that award
Brought tears to my eyes! Also wondering now that BCBS will NOT offer coverage in Maine next yr - you going to change your mind?
Welcome back after surviving the Democratic attack
Too bad he can't count on your word.
Now would be a good time to work on gun legislation.
So so Grateful God Bless you and Keep you Strong
Also, good thing he had good health insurance.  Some of us r waiting for adm to stop sabotaging ACA so we too, can have h/Ins
I love you @senjohnmccain. Your class is an inspiration always
Now let's not listen to the gun ppl & let's get use of guns under control.No assault rifles, no mentally ill ppl owning guns, etc.
Please go to Puerto Rico and get the supplies out to the people please!!!!
It's also great to have you back @SenJohnMcCain I have always had great respect for you, even when we have disagreed politically, Sir
First thing in 40 years that made sense!
Send more military to Puerto Rico and VI now!!!
Yes it is Welch Back Sir!
Retire Mcstain
What happened to Creation of anti Nazi laws. That would be easy Bipartisan support.
Resign traitor! Especially since you don't know what you're doing.
Glad he's back to work. Hope he feels blesses to have his gov health insurance to pay his bills.  He will still try to take ACA from all.
While you consistently align yourself with the side who shot him!  Of course, you did the same with ISIS, so...
So is your perseverance! 
Yes it is and I'm sorry he was brutally attacked by the violent alt left, maybe more politicians should condemn them instead of encouraging
John McCainさん

Great to have ◯◯ back in . His perseverance is an inspiration to us all!

Thank you very much.

@SenJohnMcCain @SteveScalise
Now, why don't you resign?

Toddler shoots 2 other kids at day care facility http://ti.me/2hAtyXm 
Hahaha Scalise Trumps your vote!!
John, Get well soon,Try to convince POTUS to Switch to Solar Energy in Texas & Louisiana,Porto Rico It'll Save $ and Less Down time.
Guess what senator?
As is yours Senator.
Will be great to get you out of congress Mr Democrat
so are you sir
Glad he didn't have lifetime caps on his health insurance
He had government run health insurance.
Bless you Steve. Prayers & hugs to all!

MCCAIN : FAKE SENATOR : WILL NOT SUPPORT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA.

We CAN NOT WAIT FOR THE DAY THAT YOU SAY    SONG BIRD IS OUT    GOOD BYE
Glad to hear you're ok.  
Extremely high praise from one who has persevered through so much. Here's hoping you triumph as well.
I am glad that he made it through a horrific domestic attack
Not at all like you you TRAITOR
Glad hes back *Cue clip from yesterday w/45 saying healthcare vote pushed back cuz Scalise in hospital. U all don't speak to him do u?
Great to hear that so u can inspire your gop colleagues to work on #guncontrol
So is yours Senator. Thank you for all your years of public service. We don't agree politically but I respect you greatly.
Yeah well he would have voted for repeal, so forgive me if I'm not feeling so warm and fuzzy.
It's really too bad @SenThadCochran couldn't have lived to see Steve's return.
#RIPThad
Why don't you disappear so we can finally get things done in the senate.
I'm glad he had great healthcare.  How about the rest of us?
Just pray he doesn’t get on the President’s bad side, he might start mocking him too. 

Praying for you and yours too.
RETIRE..
Don't you wish everyone felt the same way about you.  Change your ways McCain.  #MAGA
Integrity is his way.
Good luck Senator McCain, God be with you.....
As are you Senator! God speed!
So is yours!
As is yours Senator McCain!
