John what do you think about Ivanka filling in for donnie today? I am interested in your thoughts
hey John thanks for letting Trumpflake sell us out to Putin..oh wait you got paid too...nice
Have you lost you're http://bearings.You  once were a leader the POTUS Priority is not protecting the USA He continues to deny evidence
Are you pleased he bashed an American president and our IC on foreign soil?
You don't have any problem with Obama attacking him. Obama didn't do anything for eight years now all of a sudden he wants to be president.
What are you talking about?
Please retire John... you have plenty of taxpayer, your wife's and George Soros money to live on without screwing up our world anymore
He insulted the IC. And a former prez. And the press.  But there's the GOP... waving flags and talking about "conservative values".
If you become a DoNothing McCain You are Complicit with traitor POTUS ignoring the fact that we are at War with Russia.They want to hurt us
Then do your job and quit being an obstructionist
Don't be too pleased.  I'm sure he doesn't mean it and is just saying it because Bannon told him to in order to get onto other topics.
YOU'RE Pleased that the EgoistPOTUS has just sold out his Nation's Security as it was hacked His #1 priority is Protecting his Fragile Ego.
Let me get this correct. You have no comment about Donald Trump trashing American intelligence on foreign soil? Trashing a former president?
Are we winning yet? Why do repubs hate America? R u just going go stand there and watch as our nation is destroyed?
Who wrote the speech?
Why does it matter--no one gets credit for it regardless. @WelcomeVietNam @japantimes
It's not about credit it's about whose ideas it reflects.  We know POTUS doesn't think, Read or write.
Will we get something new and different? Only time will tell. @Harvard
He denigrated press, CIA and a former US prez, saying he "choked" multiple time. How much more embarrassing can he get?! #25thAmendmentNow
Because @POTUS never changes his tune about anything, right?  His story is always the same as @SenJohnMcCain knows well.
Then you should be "tickled pink" over today's Photos...
Congratulation on your new award! We are all glad he confirmed the commitment.  Now...could you stop him from degrading US globally? Please!
Well said!!
Finally. Probably under pressure.
I guess you missed the rest of the Nazi inspired speech cancelling this out.

You own this traitor

Please Mr. McCain! U and UR constituents need 2 get a reality chk. and get this traitor and his corrupt family out bf he destroys R country!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq3YdA4Mb84 …     
Sir, you bled for this country
How can you approve of this traitor?
He insults&degrades press/intel community, has closed mtgs with Russians
Please support the invoking of the #25thAmendment
Continue to #investigate the #Trumprussia collusion
And #impeach that #TraitorTrump now
He is humiliating our Country. Your party is enablng all of it.
Yeh!
Senator McCain, your silence on Trump's obsequiousness to the murderer Putin is deafening and devastating.
Were you pleased to hear yur potus say he was "honored" to be with greatest threat to world's democracy?? R yu sick yet? I am. DO somethn.
I am so incredibly sad in your golden years laying down against an enemy.  You were an American hero.  Stand up McCain, you're not done yet.
Good moment for sure! Erased entirely however having Ivanka rep US at G20! Please, put the country first!We r being laughed at!Embarrassing
Yes great buy now were out in cold on trade deals b/c trumps alienating rhetoric. World moving w/trade deals &renewables. We r left behind
Good morning Sen. McCain.  It sounded more & more Pres Trump just get toughen on world?
Kind of hard to be pleased about anything he says. @POTUS has zero credibility here in Phoenix. Every other sentence he speaks is a lie.
Because he is reading from a Teleprompter and doesn't know what he is saying.  But kudos for the positivity.
Meanwhile he will continue to collide with Russia.
Doesn't matter as soon as he gets back here he will start talking smack about NATO he speaks out if both sides of his mouth
Is McCain still a maverick?
What he says today, anyway. Anyone check with Bannon?
Yes because we must defend Ukraine right? Where George Soros and Hillary meddled in their election and screwed up the whole country.
Republicans are responsible for our failure of world leadership.
But he criticized President Obama, our press, and our intelligence services. Is this ok with you?
You don't seem too troubled by all his other words.  Such a shame, America not leading, but instead playing footsie with authoritarians.
Russia had the nerve to hack US power plants right before Putin tRump meeting-he knows he can do it bc tRump is a traitor, stop him #impeach
Yeah.  Ok. Too bad he also dissed the IC, free press and Obama while making excuses for Russian meddling in our election. Sad!
but attacks our press in a place that is also trying to dismantle its own.
Oh are you? Are you excited he didn't tweet about bleeding women today? Me too! He is a #creep  #AmericaOverParty
So stop trashing him
And not proud to hear him say our intelligence agencies don't know what they're talking about
Senator, what is wrong with you? Lost your nerve? I counted on you.
Ha! Wait until he gets played by Putin tomorrow. Not pleased.
About time
It is nice when our esteemed president admits his BS about that a few weeks ago was an empty threat. When did you give up, Sir? This is nuts
I guess better late than never...
stop the BS focus on the real issues Nd Vote NO on TrumpCare.  Start working 4 the people or Retire!!!
But what about his comments on the press, the Intel community and Russian meddling? Sir you need to press him. Be a leader!
John...stand up! Speak out! Be honorable! Tell the world the true!
John when did your balls disapppear?  Trump is lying his butt off. His Position will change as soon as real NATO issue comes up.
what about the rest of the babble he spewed?
Ah but is it true since he lies a lot?
If you believe that, I have oceanfront property in Phoenix to sell you.
Thank you Sen McCain we respect your experience and dedication to the US. God bless you.
But he still refuses to acknowledge Russia's interference in elections. Do trump and bannon want to destroy democracy !
Wish All due respect Sir you @SpeakerRyan & the GOP created this mess! It is time to put #CountryBeforeParty & stop him! #EnoughIsEnough
He did 1 thing right! Sir address his continued denial of 17 intel agencies confirming Russia's hacking then throwing back at #Obama!
He also pissed on 2 previous POTUS, and the Intl Folks. He gave Putin a free pass. Trump is an embarassment to the US.
Shame on u senator McCain! U who fought for this country are u pls this man  talked so bad about our previous president and our free press?
Shameful!! For this horrible man to stand and say bad things about our free press!!!
About time. Can't you educate this guy? So depressing.
Such a low bar... GOP/Trump traitors.
There is no POTUS...just a puppet you help to prop up.
For your early morning scorecard: So far, POTUS visit in Poland is a home run for the Kremlin and illiberal democracies. /1
You cool with trump insulting our intelligence agency & past president on his trip to Europe?
America First and this commitment do not go together only one is possible
Shame, McCain. Shame. You know he is a Russian agent.
What about every other frigging thing he said??!!!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/07/03/opinion/trump-hijacked-american-presidency.html?referer=https://t.co/OmnUZrbnzK …
You. and all your gop comrades suck! You ceased being Patriots a long time ago. We wont forget.
But no one trusts him. His words are documented as mostly lies.
...finally.
He did at a news conference weeks ago
Sounded hollow to me w no rebuke of Russian incursion into Ukraine
And dis 2 presidents, insult the intelligence agency & bash the free press.  Yah, real pleased.
Ha and you believed him.?
...but do you think he really knows anything about Article 5, John?
They are waiting for him to meet his pimp #Putin and then, will they decide.#ButItsTooLate #G20 #Hoes
Better late than never!  Unfortunately he probably doesn't remember what he said by now. He forgets the beginning of speech before it ends.
@POTUS had to be forced to confirm commitment to Article 5 of NATO! FAKE PRESIDENT!  He is still a disgrace to America!
With all due respect Senator, #bullshit Too little too late. Stop being an apologist for 'that man' -- signed, #ILikePeopleWhoGetCaptured
Time to wake up from your nap, Senator. Get with reality or get out of the way. You are part of the problem.
I give up on you. "Maverick" my ass. 
He keeps attacking our democracy and everything he does proves he is unfit and dangerous. Be a true patriot and not a Russian stooge!
The only thing I want to hear from you is "I retired"
Yup, keep that bar nice and low, John. @SenJohnMcCain
he is the biggest threat to our security. You're party is responsive for this horrible mess we are in
Did you pat him down to make sure he doesn't have a pocket full of bills to hand out?
Wow. Has someone hacked your acct Sen.? You said something pos about POTUS. 
He read what some speech writer prepared for him. He has no core values or global ideas of his own. He didn't even read well.

Are you pleased about his statement disregarding Russian interference in our election?
You still continue to fluff his ego while he endangers us all. Unreal.
He sounded like an idiot! Can't believe you are backing this crazed, incompetent a-hole
What about yoyr commitment to your constituents on healthcare
Nice to hear you praise what you like but ignore what you don't. Need to speak out against Trump Tweets & Free press  #ProfilesInCourage
Funny because he said it may not have been Russia that hacked the election
Mr. Bush must have realized that entering Iraq would be consequential in an on-going way.
There is the possibility, in the world of hypothesis, that this might never be undone: a mistake of entering Iraq would be a permanent blot.
The Bush presidency, as such, might never be re-constitutionalized in its scope and so as having such a decider: the blot an end.
Sadly, NATO allies don't believe Trump. His real allegiance is with Putin and other authoritarian leaders.
It's about time!
Mr. Senator, just how far does the leader of your party have push the envelope before he recieves some form of censure from congress?
I am pleased to here you say something positive about @potus
The major message I got is that politics is simply something that happens: you can complain about it if that is really your want. #healthy
Really? And what about when he changes his mind tomorrow?
And Friday he will reaffirm his commitment to the Kremlin with the Republican party "Goose stepping" behind!
John, you know your constituents are n AZ, don't you?
Crap, did you just wake up? #Retire
When Trump attacks the free press, our 1st Amendment, it is an attack on all of us, our democracy & those who died to protect it.
Hollow words, coming from Trump. Everything he's said & done 'til now shows that he's not commited to NATO.
If only he wouldn't attack the free press and his predecessors in the same speech. Stand up Senator. Admit that DJT is whacked.
You are part of a corrupt party, getting even more corrupt without the Ethics watchdog.
What about press conference?
Too little, too late. If you guys think criticizing American intelligence agencies & disparaging a former President shows strength-WRONG.
Pleased that you're pleased. Not a new sentiment on POTUS. Just have to learn to listen. Plain speak does need time to get used to.
@WPJohnWagner don't be fooled.
Yah heard that did u hear the one where he discredited the 17 US intel agencies n still not sure about Russia interference in elections?
True, but no other words spoken were comforting.
@WPJohnWagner We're you pleased to hear that POTUS isn't sure that Russia hacked our election. IC got Iraq wrong?
But trash our intelligence agencies to the world
All while Trump and his gang of illiterate, ignorant misfits continue to dismantle America's democracy.
don't be too excited.
He also slammed the First Amendment, but whatever.
please advise DJT to change the metric with NK (Nobody wins) - to compete by who provides healthcare, education, healthy environment, etc.
Problem is @POTUS has no credibility. Why should our allies believe what he says when he constantly changes his opinion. #stillunfit
About fuc #$$^%##$$@@@#&* time.  Sheesh
You have to be kidding!! Did you listen to EVERYTHING Trump said?  #TREASON. Open your eyes, Trump is dangerous.
But what about doubling down on the media, past president and worse the intelligence agency cant praise one sentence and call him president
What were you watching?
His "fake" speech created by a speech writer to please everyone. Pay more attention to his off the cuff comments about the press later
When all is said & done, its so disheartening that you, who has sacrificed much for this country, gives support to a man of trump's nature.
What about his attacks on the press, Obama and our IC.  He needs to go before he kills a lot of people
Did you hear the part where he trashed our intelligence agencies and our press? That is not go good. A president trashing our country.
But never mind him trashing the press, USIC & Obama?  And never once using the term western democracy, but " civilization" instead?
And in the next breath diss his Intel agencies!! #25thAmendmentNow
But you're ok with him trashing the free press and the intelligence community???? You're part of the problem!!
Geez you said something nice.   Not like yesterday when you were slamming our military tactics.
How do you feel about him criticizing our IC and former President as well as our free press on foreign soil?  Not so pleased I imagine.
It was long past due.
Pleased to see that trump can feed himself now
Are you awake? He said millions & millions more dollars pouring into NATO because of him. CLUELESS!
Gee John, what if he flips again on it next week?
Yay! He did something that he should have done months ago. The bar for incompetent POTUS is set so low, it is hardly an inch above ground.
and you believe him...  why??
GOP is a failing party. Teddy Roosevelt is ashamed of you all.
Do you believe anything he says?
Really that's ur takeaway. I expect better from u. Where is how inappropriate to attack media, prior POTUS, & intel agencies on foreign soil
Now you need to get back to work in the Senate and get things DONE.
Boondoggles are embarrassing. Get on the TRAIN and #MAGA
he also "questioned"/derided US intelligence agencies conclusion that Russia interfered in/hacked the 2016 election 
Trumps words must now be put into deeds,he gave away US secrets when he told Putin NATO's obsolete, he must find " the other" who meddled
Now that didn't hurt did it.
@potus does not deserve your praise for not soiling his pants in front of crowd.
Wow! That must have been difficult for you.
Hey John, did you miss the part were POTUS said his treasonous actions are ok, bc Prez Obama didn't do enough to stop him?
Any comment, Senator, on Trump's disparagement of our IC, Press or the last POTUS while standing on foreign soil?  Didn't think so.
He is unfit! Can not trust a word he says! Where does his loyalty lay? Disheartening that this the "best" to represent our country A LIAR!
What are you talking about, sir? That's small consolation after the president again refused to properly respond to the Russian cyber attack

You worry me more than Polozi or schumer. Please get out of office
Trump is a pathological liar and you believe what he says. Did you read what he said about Europe needing to do more. You both are insulting
Why not be as quick to stopping TRUMPCARE as you are to issues of potential war?
He got lost on the stage! He's unfit!
Are you still trying to be relevant? Please go away.
Gag me
Do you believe him?
...Until he reverses his decision during temper tantrum tweet.
Dear Poland, USA was hoping you'd keep him!! Guess not!!
and at the same time insult our intel , past presidents, so embarrassing! IMPEACH he is untrustworthy and UNFIT!
Oh did the Koch brothers give he okay for that?  They have bought and paid for your party. #kochovercountry
Quit trashing him all the time and open your mind and quit obstructing and maybe you will realize POTUS is ALL ABOUT AMERICA.
But does he even have a clue what it means?
Well it's OBVIOUS it's NOT his own words. He actually seem to stay on script. You guys adjust his meds? Cut it out John you're embarrassing.
Uh, did you hear what ELSE he said, Senator?
but will he ever throw his buddy Putin to the dogs?   No, that would be too expensive for the Trumpmeister.
Whether he does so is the real test. I don't believe one word that comes out of his mouth. Sorry.
No mention of Russian involved in our election ?
Yes but,were U pleased 2hear his attacks on our Press, National Agencies & Prez Obama?What will it take 4 your Party 2 stop this insanity?
Anything to say about his demeaning of our intelligence services, and blaming previous administration, on foreign soil ?
Were you pleased to hear him attack a previous president the free press and our intelligence agencies?
Will you back our President finally?
Were you pleased when he insulted a previous president, media & our Intelligence? He doesn't know we have 17 agencies. Looked into it & 3-4?
His statements about IC are delusional. He is NOT fit for office. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4vmGF1kguo …
You would think a former Soviet controlled republic would know a totalitarian leader when they see one........
Make up your mind
Yes, we know you like war Mr. McCain. Please stop trying to push us into one with Russia over something WE have done elsewhere. Not helpful.
"The money is pouring in"... still has no idea! It's not "club dues". @IgnatiusPost
@SenateGOP Trump made a fool of himself, he attacked our Country, Intel, media, our President Obama, you praise him!!!! Republicans must go!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/07/03/opinion/trump-hijacked-american-presidency.html?referer=https://t.co/OmnUZrbnzK …
just words. @realDonaldTrump showed no respect to the US and our values. Am embarrassed by him.
Article 5.
