BS.   "War is a racket " Gen Smedley Butler USMC
That's a bunch of Bull.  We already spend too much on military.  Not enough on social programs.
consolidate, prioritize, and eliminate waste. Millions of wasted must be recovered before the American people are asked to give more!
What does "full-spectrum readiness" even mean? Our military readiness is clearly best in world. Does that mean enough to take on all world?
DOES #McCain WANT TO START A WAR???  @POTUS @VP @CLewandowski_ @seanhannity @FoxNews @newtgingrich @infowars
Maybe if we were not perpetually at war, they would have adequate funding
Who are we readying to go up against? An alien invasion? Because our military budget is already larger than the next 12 countries combined.
Without Trump where would this issue be?
Help him please special investigator is a DNC hack and Comys best friend. Say Do Something ! Help
When you have a country as rich as the US paying 53% of it's budget into Military spending & can't reach a state of readiness-big Problem!
then it's a good thing 53% of the budget isn't for the military.
Your right it's 54% of the discretionary budget ...I stand corrected ...and that is 1 percent more than I thought before
understand nothing has gone down since 2015 nor has the budget to the military been reduced
That's their fault! Tell them to quit wasting money on stuff they don't need. I know of subcontractors who literally throw new stuff in dump
Asking the military if they need more money is like asking the fox if you should get more hens.
Maybe you have to raise taxes on the super rich.
We have largest military budget in world. Stop the Haliburton waste and you can upgrade without taking elderly medicare and social security
.@gop why is that John? what have you been doing to the USA for that last 30 years? What have you done for the USA in the past 30 days?
Without healthcare for all the plebeian class won't be healthy enough to serve the military empire in the numbers you warmongers need
Where is the definition of "full spectrum"?  Why is it by service rather than by command? Why are Academy graduates lobbyists for aerospace?
Fewer F-35 "Edsel" aircraft can balance military readiness deficit. Personally, I prefer to have oxygen when I fly. Many more areas to cut.
You guys never seem to have enough guns, ammo or bombs plus whatever else contractors are selling to play war. U never pay only the troops.
What have u been doing for the last 8years
Hey John, where the hell were you when sequestration was enacted?
Is there ever "enough" money for the military? I saw first hand how wasteful they are.
Me too! Tons of Fraud, Waste & Abuse running rampant in the Defense Dept. Remember the 90s mantra? Do more with less. Start with top brass.
So how're you gonna fund the military & cut taxes on the rich? Are you gonna use that old trickle down BS. Ppl are catching on to that lie.
When we have tRump at war with the press and McConnell trying to sneak AHCA pass the Senate we see GOP as greatest threat to us.
If we are spending $600 Billion on our military, isn't this an allocation issue, not a total budget issue?
Which is more than the last administration
Please tell me that you got checked out by an MD after the Comey testimony...
Wouldn't need full-spectrum readiness if we had a commander in chief that didn't piss off unstable regimes. #Impeach45
So what have you been doing for the last 8 years?!  Enriching yourself and family while selling the U.S. Citizen OUT!  RETIRE!
So True and so sad, that if McCain would help Trumps agenda, instead of being a dem lap dog maybe our Troops would have.
Obama cut the militaries budget huge since he went into office. Since ur so dam smart, u fix it overnight! Get real dude, it takes time.
What about the #CoastGuard? Why does #DearLeader want to punish them with his so-called budget?
thats why rep's need to unite and stop feeding the leftist frenzy. gotta keep Rep's in power
Was McCain able to ask any questions that the witnesses could understand?
"Fuel spectrum readiness", is that code for full scope "wish list"? Our might is already greater than combined of next 9-10 nations #bloated
It's matter of time we go to another war to force the gov to increase that budget! Just wait!
Stop the witch hunt. Sponsor a resolution to stop the witch hunt. #WitchHunt
The lefits let this abomination happen! No one to blame but they and last Administration!!!
Shows the inherent ineptitude…and "full spectrum readiness" is a very loose term with no fixed goal post given…meaning…we can't be measured?
Shameful to reveal our state of readiness to our enemies for more cash. Where're the TRILLION$ DoD can't acct. for?
That's not what General Mattis said just yesterday. Should we spend the entire budget on the military? How much is enough? #retire
a Marine with a rifle is always ready.
$122 million per helicopter is rediclous especially when the latest and greatest stealth fighter is $120 million per Fix procurement process
How is that possible? The military budget is by far the largest in the world.
You know what the money we got going to them is a start. You can thank obama for the cuts. I thought you liked him.
The Navies fascination with $15 B Ford Class A/C Carriers w/short legged planes is sucking $ from @USMC & are useless outside MEast.
Our biggest threat is DJT and GOP. You are terrorizing the citizens
McCain is still looking for the muffin man
John McCain big scum-sucking Trader with no integrity has no business asking men of such high caliber any question!
Good god John give your war drum a break. When will you promote something for the people like healthcare or tax reform or jobs?
More pontificating crap from McCain. Back to sleep you go. Until we take care of the healthcare needs, the military can wait.
Sen., can we afford war any longer?  Can we afford not to go universal draft so we have huge trained reserve?
How about fighting like we did in WWII and just win baby!
Enough with the war rhetoric. From one veteran to another, STOP @SenJohnMcCain. Deal with private prisons, vet care and treason. Not pro war
Stop the madness. Say no for once in your life.
HAVE YOU SPOKEN DIRECTLY TO THE PRESIDENT!!!
yeah lets get rid of the food stamps and meals on wheels and give the money to generals to buy the latest laser gun .
CYBER, NEW,SHIPS,  OLD SHIPS ,
WEAPONS OLD ,NEW, FUTURE,,
LET's ROLL!!!
6-8 trillion spent over the last 15 years on never ending war on terror that Manchester and London has shown make us no safer, civilian 
The warfighters are not bloated, they are starved, the bureaucracy is obese and getting fatter. There R at least 3000 O 5 & > need 2 retire.
WE NEED THE DRAFT BACK,,,NOW!
TRAINING NOW!! CLOTHES,,FOOD,, BASES,,,SHELTER,,,MOTHBALL FLEET READINESS ACCELERATED!! NOW!!
Gave your wife to the State Dept, for what? He owns you now.
Well, that means we must elect Prez Trump to a 2nd term
LOOKS LIKE WE ARE BACK TO PRE WW II  READINESS!!??
NOT GOOD!!
WHY ARE NOT THE  REPUBLICANS
PASSING THIS MONEY TOWARDS
READINESS??
we would be ready if we didn't waste trillions on useless wars in the ME for oil that we have here in the U.S.
Well pardon me Sir John, we'll just scrap the rest of the country, turning it into the PDR Korea to fully fund a bloated military~ 1/2
I suggest a bake sale for military to reach full readiness, as long as @senjohnmccain is about to strip health insurance from 24M Americans.
Stop it!  McCain and company are our problem!  Trump is our only hope!
Good thing the richest 1% are set to receive ample tax relief so their generations of descendants maintain full spectrum wealth.
Get up JOHN BETTER GET STARTED NOW or you'll have to change it to 2050 or later.
Yeah, but what about Hillary's emails, huh?
WOW, YOU GAVE THE SECRETS AWAY TO THE RUSSIANS/ PUTIN!!!???
