Thank you for your service. Please make the ultimate sacrifice of your pride and resign. You need to get well and be with family. #termlimit
6/6Out just yet.  He is an honorable man, no matter of party alignment,Americans deserve to live in good health and be treated, one & all!
I agree he's honorable. I think he would do the same if it had been a vote on sandwiches. That's what bothers me. I don't think -continued-
It's conviction as much as being stubborn. I agree & prefer what Trump wanted 6-8 years ago with single payer. I agree working across cont-
the isle. I just don't think it's going to work when 1 side refuses/resists. We always bend over. I think GOP needs moderation -contin-
Oops modernization! All parties have to stop with the games and do their job. This new bill wasn't any better. I agree. If he could -contin-
Initiate his campaign ideas for innercity etc I think would be great. I also think we need to tax mega non profits that aren't using -cont-
Funds for humanitarian efforts. Including churches. We could use that for single payer health care. -End-
Wish we could same got you..please take your time. Matter of fact just stay there in ARZ. TIME TO PASS THE TITLE ON.
This die hard lib loves you Senator, and I am glad General Kelly is there. God knows we need the help.

You should have fried a long time ago traitor
We HAD confidence in you too.
America doesn't trust John McCain, Obama has information about you and that's why you turn on your party
THAT'S MORE THAN THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CAN SAY ABOUT YOU!  MAGA
You're such a fake John McCain it's just so transparent so stop the b******* tweets
John  McCain( R)said that.  Wow
A progressive saying something
Positive.  That's a first
I really hope for the best.
We have no confidence in you McCain.   You must really not like the people of Arizona.   People can't afford their health care.
You have no idea what people of need require. Senator McCain does know firsthand what people in healthcare crisis need
Really. He's on ObamaCare.?  Or maybe he qualifies for free medicare?  Oh I know, he lives in a small house or apartment like some.
No he just has good sense !!
Haha. He never had it. He was a screw up from an early age. 
https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
Drain McCain
Is this sarcastic?
That is highly hollow words.
And for you also Senator...
Do Your Job!  #governnow
We have none in McCaine. Kelly is a welcome change from the dishonorable Arizona leader
Thanks Senator 4 making the promise to America go down. I hope you felt proud as the Democrats cheered for U Meanwhile, middle class suffer
Not so sure. You know who is he's serving. The man is uncontrollable.
I have ZERO confidence in you representing AZ please resign
why are you letting Transgender service members speak out against the President - Threatening the President? http://www.airforcetimes.com/news/your-air-force/2017/07/26/transgender-airman-i-would-like-to-see-them-try-to-kick-me-out-of-my-military/ …
NO, we ALL don't.
If he is good. You should learn from his example. We don't have confidence in you anymore. We needed your vote on healthcare on skinny vote.
I DONT. He's a fraud.
Kelly being backed by a democrat, now I'm worried.
We have no confidence in you! Hard to believe u ever ran for President with your ill tempered decision making How about fighting 4 Am ppl?
Why sir you are fighting the president .   I am watching your actions since 2011 you were a major tool in destroying the middleq east .
Step down as a Republican, maybe u shud run as a Democrat. You're a traitor to all of us. 30 pieces of silver McCain
And stuff all in you
Are your seing the abuse of power trump is doing n senators court system democrats n republicans with morals need to overthrew trump
But Arizona doesn't have any confidence in you! Not any more
Pls reply to my new email message just sent to you.  Thanks
STHU.
Thank you Senator McCain for your compassion and common sense. Both sides needs to work together to fix the problems and enhance health care
Geez relax
Joe Biden Reportedly Called John McCain Ahead Of Crucial Obamacare Repeal Vote

And none in you... you are a traitor to the Republican Party and a proven two faced liar.
Shut it John, your motivations have become crystal clear, you play all side, disgusting...
Trump likes people that were not capture.
Thank you Mr McCain. You fought against all odds to once again do the right thing. God Bless you Please never stop fighting for US!
We demand to see the healthcare that you and other congressmen and women have!
What does your policy look like?
What are your deductibles?
Next one out the door 
Help. . .us. . .
AGAIN, SRY FOR THE CAPS HAVE YOU ALL COMPLETELY FORGOTEN HE WAS @ THIS APPALLING MEETING. 

THIS "PATRIOT" SAID THIS WAS ABSOLUTELY OK! WTF?
keep up the great work mr mccain and i would wish that job general kelly got on anybody
HE SAID THIS WAS COMPLETELY AND TOTALLY NOT INAPPROPRIATE. SORRY FOR THE CAPS BUT GOOD GOD MAN, THINK ABOUT WHAT WE KNOW HAPPENED WITH THIS-
Well there's a endorsement general kelly did not need
Oh, he'll be fired and called names before you know it.
You have failed us #failure
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain - praying for a full and speedy recovery - kick ass in the senate - ethics and honor are yours!
He says that now if he does something for Trump the McCain doesn't like then he is going to trash him and that's not right

Too bad @SenJohnMcCain political career is ended & no one cares
Yeah, maybe you can rein in this maniac.
God bless him!  Trump destroys everyone in his path..like he is trying to do to the American people!

Pathetic John McCain Campaigned On A Promise To Repeal Obamacare. This Week He Voted To AGAINST Repeal!…
I'd have more confidence in him if he were being appointed President and not just Chief of Staff.
Stop voting against POTUS and the people. You will be remembered for it....not other things you have done.
U don't have to have O-NO-care like the rest of us!  Give up your exemption or REPEAL!  America voted for REPEAL!
More like condolences. His boss is a lunatic! @realDonaldTrump
NO not all of us
And Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi have much confidence in you....a fellow Democrat...to fight Trump all the way.
Sir, you only have God to answer too. Not the crowd of critics on here that don't know your heart. #AmericanHero
U put ur hatred for Trump ahead of the best interest of the nation. Is it over 100% rise in premiums in Arizona?
Senator McCain, that you for being a reasonable, compassionate and independent politician.  We need more like you to save our democracy.
I was hopeful 'till that "Use that on the Press thing."
Honor-doing right in the face of hateful backlash. Thank you for voting against a bill others voted for on condition it would never be law
Voted Hilarypresident & @SenJohnMcCain senator for this very reason.Makes own decisions for all Americans/Arizonons not party pressure.Proud
Oh shut up. You are the worst of all the Establishment Fake Republicans.
I certainly hope you are right. I respect your opinion and reasoning skills.
To bad most Americans have lost confidence in you ... you let us down...this is only a bump in the road for President Trump my friend
Hell
You lot should be ashamed of yourself speaking about John McCain this way. He is one good thing left in that he'll hole called America
Kelly would be a great battlefield commander.  However, as the WH Chief of staff does he have the skill set to set democracy right?
This is not president behavior, this is not presidential behavior, this is not presidential behavior, this is not presidential behavior, thi
Please resign and get well.  You are not doing us new republicans any favors. If you don't want to do that - become a Democrat again.
Has the cat got your tongue, why no response to our questions, #RINO.
Don't think he will last long. No discipline there like the Marines! Signed a Ret govt emp/veteran
And, no confidence, in @SenJohnMcCain
...but not in you, @SenJohnMcCain
Time to return home and be with your family.
Sen. McCain you are an American hero. May God continue to bless you and ur family in Jesus name Amen.
And we all have no confidence in you!
No, John.  ANYONE nominated by Trump is poison to America.
Kelly will be a disaster as CoS.
I wish we could say the same about you.
We have no confidence in the PIECE of shit MCCAIN
More than we had in you John 
So like, when will you die from that brain tumor?
But we, the people, do not have confidence in YOU, Senator!  You have let all Republicans and your president down. But that's what you do!
God job @SenJohnMcCain on your HCB vote,the right thing to do. Now stay the course with the Dem and Repub at your side.May God Bless you Sir
Traitor
Yes we do but not in you
Do you really? Because how does a disciplined person used to a chain of command deal with this shit show?
I mean.... meh...
"WE" is a hoss turd. Gen. Kelly is in the tRUMP CESSPOOL ADMINISTRATION where CASH is king.let's wait&see before this old veteran agrees.
Wish we could say the same for you but you let the American people down again  without repealing Obamacare
And we the people have no confidence in u. U are a f****** traitor to your country!
But he as no political experience
Instead of Congratulations, "best of luck" would be more appropriate!
John you're a traitor, you just killed more Americans.
@Reince served @realDonaldTrump well. The General served the #WH #immigration agenda well. I look forward to his continued service for #USA
You let us down sir!!i hope you can sleep at night!

Too bad the same can't be said about YOU!!
Ur words mean nothing
thank YOU JC for standing up for the American People and health care. Now get in there and fix ACA so we have coverage like U
highest confidence in u being RASICT
But who will qualify to pass confirmation for DHS?
John McCain lied about repealing Obamacare then laughed about it with Democrats. He needs to be drained
He will be arriving to start making some arrests.
You need to crawl in a hole and stay
Shouldn't EVERYONE drop calling him Gen'l? This is not a military position. Feels like DJT is taking over military and is unchecked Autocrat
Finally the GOP is done with you. You are a discgrace and for sure not functioning on all cylinders. So Sad back stapper.
https://twitter.com/Tombx7M/status/891305575392391169 … corrupt politicians will go down the sleeping Giant is awake #recallMcCain #Arizonawakeup #arizonarecallMccain #MAGA
More Than Bank Fraud
#wakeupAmerica #cashinin #tcot #ccot 
Why did you break your promises to repeal obamacare?
Too bad you support so much war but not healthcare. War monger is your nickname!
now hopefully we have an adult in the white house who can bring some sanity to the out of control Trump craziness! IMPEACH!
Disagree He works for a crazy man. There is no path for success. Admire General Kelly, but if he can't get that Phone from DT doomed to fail
Way to go #Songbird!
Will an adult tame the frat house? Or will start sipping the koolaid?
Step down, you are a terrible sen. I appriciate what you have done as a vet, but terrible as a senator...
Can he take your job in the senate? That would be nice!

You make it really hard to sympathize with you Senator. Even harder to support you. Put your hatred for POTUS behind you. Do better for USA.
Is @realDonaldTrump maneuvering staff to give real time replay of Nixon
But not u @SenJohnMcCain
Who doesn't know what's good for ourselves... Right? REMEMBER YOU WORK FOR US!! TELL UR FELLOW GOP to remember that! I am praying for you
Hope he can shape up a ship full of crazy chaos.
dude you got enough money to utilize this CANNABIS OIL KILLS CANCER CELLS, passes the blood-brain barrier - but don't listen to me 
Most Mavericks were six cylinders, not Muscle cars.....
It's like having confidence in the cereal when the milk is sour...
You are a liar
We have lost all confidence in you!
And none in you. Very disappointed in your vote. Very sorry that you are ill but you have disappointed the party. Laughing with Dems...sad
Well hello Mr Democrat McCain
Congrats 2 General Kelly only if he follows the law unbridled, unhinged, unbiased, unapologetic to POTUS & WH. Preserve integrity of USA.
You need to resign you are disgrace to the American people it's all about your pocket an not the American people shame on you sir !!!
Yea you said watch the show when you voted ,you got caught with the dems laughing an saying now let him make America great , your a  joke
Patriotism still counts, in WH and Sen-good to see this.
Hmm? Genuine well wishes or just more of your expert  hyperbole?
Well we sure don't in you. Fraud
Congratulations to Senator McCain, a real hero and profile in courage.
6 months...maybe....
LOL, U R A RINO! WE NEED TERM LIMITS NOT LIFETIME POLITICIANS! DID U USE THE VA?? IS UR DEDUCTIBLE $8,000.00?  I THINK NOT!!! #DRAINTESWAMP
You fart a great deal, old Senator.
when we certainly can't have it in you! Shame on you for lying to the people just so U could screw over President Trump!
No confidence in u though. #RecallJohnMcCain
this WH is beyond repair,  your party has a crazy man at the helm and there really isn't anyone who can save it
It's too bad America lost confidence in you, retire already like a good liberal should!
