Thank you Sen. McCain for being a lone voice of reason in a disgustingly partisan senate
I used to think u were a good American. I was wrong. You sold us out. We won't forget.
Do you ever do interviews with republicans? Why not John? Scared? You are a hero right?
keep bringing it Sen. ALL AMERICANS NEED YOUR VOICE! Truth wins.
not
Hopefully you discuss the impending impeachment proceedings!
please keep  putting country before party Senator, you seem to be the only true Repub patriot
we all need to do this, unless you like the Russians
McCain will, or has, sold his soul to the devil. He's washed up & trying to stay relevant
no thanker
Thank God we have some fair and open minded leaders in DC. Thanks for calling things as you see them.
U R showing where yr political views really R! Please, retire + go DEMO. We don't want U
Ok we need to find out why you are siding with Obama and his goons! Soros paying you?
why don't u stay off NBC, CNN blasting the POTUS? Stop with the hatred... you lost, he won.. get over it or RETIRE!!
you are the reason term limits are needed !!  you are NO conservative my friend  deception
FYI - @PreetBharara is NOW Independent w/ Sally Yates  for investigations WOULD PROVE FAIR JUSTICE FOR ALL !! with Russian investigations
@AZGOP @TEN_GOP Right where you belong with fake news.
Vote NO on Healthcare Bill and NO SCOTUS appointment until investigation complete
. Lots of demoncrats counting on this senile ex-republican for anti-POTUS rhetoric. Silly!
you spend more time on the #liberalmedia than you do for #conservative values.
Keep up the good fight you may be Americas only hope!
Would be greatly benificial to Repubicans & USA if you'd go live at NBC or GO HOME!!!!
Thanks for calling for an independent investigation , we need to get this out of politics
Please stop  bringing on liberal politicians like McCain who pretend to be republicans!
Are you high? He was the 2008 GOP nominee!
when john McCain lost then he turned his back on his country liberal yes he is
Democrats favorite GOP'er.
I know. Mccain cant be this senile to know CNN, NBC,. use him and Graham because anti trump views. Retire
<--is going to be with his kind of liberals. @TODAYshow  with @MLauer @SavannahGuthrie WHAT A CREEP.
Let's discuss how you knew things you weren't supposed to. Let's discuss starting investigation into your leaking.
Glad I voted for your Democrat opponent last year. At least she admitted to being a lib
you know that is a little confusing of you
heard U R leak in Russian probe! That U R lying about Trump! Maybe Nunes has info on U
u r a glory hound. Buddies with the libs. Anti conservative.
the great divider. The jealous senator who needs to retire. Term limits!!
what and leave it up to Mitch the turtle McConnell
grow up people
Pictures like this do not make you a statesman, John. And you have missed the mark.
you from Arizona?
Wish I was. Then I could vote against this RINO
who's this fat kid running n korea!
mr McCain you are a traitor wait until the incidental collection of your convos revealed
Please just retire Sen. McCain
Definite RINO!
your resignation
Need impeachment..all know it. Anything less is wasting more time to fix economy & other issues.
Do you really feel you have to be needed that much . They love it when talk negative BS
John, if you feel a spinning sensation let go, it's only the drain of the swamp opening
Glub...Glub...
It is filling up with people out for their own bank accounts
John McCain is a real American hero with real Republican values!!
They lost the Party of Lincoln
Senator... focus on the issue.  We have a traitor as a president!
What is JM going to do about Nunes.
you are sounding more like a Democrat! Remember we voted against Kirkpatrick not FOR you!
Johns growing more senile every day.....thank you for your service, now it's time to go
A true ethical lawmaker with integrity and a conscience who puts USA 
Country over party
You, sir, are a patriot. Thank you.
I am sorry you lost your way
keep telling it like it is Senator
of course you go on liberal #MSM where they pat your head and say good boy.
there a snow ball in hell chance that republicans would go along with that see any agree
....We need you and your pal Senator Graham buddy to be the stalwarts of the Senate
The very polite man. I listened to every word you talked since 2008. Love from Cambodia
Don't let that coffee cup fall on Ted Cruz as he walks by.
McCain = War War War
I'm one of your bosses from Arizona and I want you to resign fake republican
I wouldn't watch fake news MSN if u paid me. You are a sellout and you represent my state
the love being heaped on you from the left is fools gold. Get with your party or get out
No thank you
please ask Mr McCain when enough is enough we need to get younger blood and new ideas DC
Yes. Russia. Healthcare. Travel ban. Nepotism. Golf. Bannon. Manafort. Meals on wheels...
Thanks for the warning, not that I ever watch the today show in the first place.
McCain I is see you found another camera! You are such a disgrace! What happen to you!
IND COM NOW-TOO MANY CROOKS IN CONGRESS-Please SAVE OUR DEMOCRACY!!!
please do us all a favor and just disappear.
maybe discuss your status as 1 of Keeting 5
sitting in on a fake news outlet. It figures. A traitor is a traitor!
Di you depend on FOX news or National Enquirer
be better if you kept your mouth shut and not screw up this country any more
plz make sure you remember to ridicule & malign Our President, don't forget to push fear
Sorry Senator, unlike you, I don't watch NBC or their hacks.
You are a globalist #shill and spouting intellectually dishonest AGIPROP
don't embarrass @POTUS and the Republican Party again
you should retire and stop bashing your own party how a man like you is in power kills me
going to confess you are part of attempt coup
Macain as a liar!! Russian sitting back & laughing this lying joke
@seanhannity John these shows have continually misrepresented facts u going to discuss facts or throw more sht on the pile 1X leader#MDC
Please save the Republic.
regardless of party plz stand up for America! Do the job and investigate Trump for real
Senator you are a rare GOP voice of reason. Investigate 45/Russia & put USA before party
He's not a Republican he's a puppet for the Democrats just run as a demo loser you'll win
Sir, please ask your boss to agree to an independent investigation intelligence committee
your Russian propaganda turning sour on you Rinos & Dems.
sounds like a shit show to me
independent journalism w/out an agenda would be nice
Wish McCain would end his childish vendetta against Trump and put American People first.
.thank you Sen McCain for putting country 1st.  I pray your bravery & leadership light our way.
SongBird singing liberal lullabies and sharing tall tales as if he has credibility.
Do the Republican Party a favor and please resign.
We need an independent investigation into trump-russia!!!!
He's got to line up against Trump today he was illegally sending arms to ISIS for 2 years
HI Mr.Turncoat, did you here pizza gate is heating up? Worried?
john what is wrong w/you . You're  a big reason for term limits . Enough with Russia!
No we need to know! Tax returns would help
Keep standing up for us, Senator. America is counting on it!
talk talk- shameful acts by Nunes, trump- yet you take no real action.

yes their usual and yr usual support of the dems. And that's why they have you on!
You can be the voice of reason in the GOP instead of a sellout of your country. Country over party. #makehistoryproudofyou
Thx @SenJohnMcCain for being the straight shooter that you are.
Dint you send someone to England for fake dossier You and girlfriend Grahm go away please
No! The only one who gives a damn
I boycott the Today until they announce KellyAnne will no longer be welcome, NO MORE LIES
the entire administration lies...Spicer next? Article 2 of constitution!
Your a traitor and likely will continue to COZY UP to Liberals!!!
fantastic mr bipartisan....always on the side of anything other thanAmerica and potus
Thank you  for hanging so tough, Senator McCain. Many of us out here and really grateful.
Will be nice to hear a reasonable voice, McCain, speak on the issues.
Getting ready to spew more of you liberal BS, John?? There will be a price to pay.
when it is truth it is "Liberal"?  All we have gotten from GOP is lies
Take another drink of Cool Aid and hide in you fantasy land.
I just don't get it.. why is McCain so intent on destroying potus ?
won't be watching this junk.  #fakenews
"crazy fat kid" lol. But seriously #countrybeforeparty Senator? What actions?
he is distrustful wouldn't listen
Why do you can spew more lies?  So of Cain!!!
.   Retire!!! Vets are dying bc of you not doing ANYTHING!   We love POTUS TRUMP ,not you!
Hope the Trump administration goes after Rinos like you and Graham hard.
Please keep pushing for an independent commission.
Thank you Sen McCain for your honesty, integrity, & bi-partisanship !!  Thank You !
Nunes should resign after compromise!!
you need to pick sides, you no longer can have it both ways- party or country. You cannot see how it is "out here"! listen!
Is the NUCLEAR FOOTBALL in safe hands?
stop with the stupid imploding ACA John. Tell the truth.
He is... Trump is all in bed with Putin!
All about $$$$$$
I have absolutely no respect for sale outs on today show and you not standing with POTUS!
you need to retire. You are undermining our president &nobody trusts you.-hence the reason you are on the today show -not fox
respect for his service- but that dorsn't give him a pass to undermine our country and POTUS agenda
Country over party. It would serve you to try that John.
can't he just quit he's everything that's wrong with are government
the pure terror on your faces while spewing propaganda is almost better then election ngt
this is your legacy. Your nation needs you to help us stop #Trumprussia @TODAYshow @MLauer @SavannahGuthrie
we are watching.  Stand up - we have your back.  Do the right thing.
independent investigation!!! Push hard for it McCain!
Thank you for standing up for what is right. I believe you are one of the few who is truly fighting for our country!
He's a sellout
#EnoughIsEnough
Good to see the deplorables living up to their name.
He is simply a RINO! a #NeverTrumper
To properly frame enormity of #russiagate we shd be talking abt possible executions, no?
you are disgust and anyone who supports you
Go ahead RHINO make a fool of yourself again! Where's your lapdog @LindseyGrahamSC?
You have to distance yourself from this Pres. Finally Brewer did good, expanding medicaid
independent investigation! #Nunesmustgo #countrybeforeparty
Sen McCain, start beating your drum! Nunes must go! Private investigation needed!! All this is rediculous! Do something!!
make sure you discuss why you was given a pardon with Richard Nixon! Traitor!
let's talk about the killing being allowed on alaska's 16 wildlife refuge!!
The country needs you to stand against Trump. People over party.
#RetireMccain. #Songbird #HanoiJohn #Traitor
Actually, Senator McCain - you continue to reveal your true alliance - NBC - really?
@RepAdamSchiff The investigation now needs to be an independent investigation!  Thank u both for looking for truth!
Nobody loves this country more than John McCain, he has given his whole life to America. Help us John.
I don't know how old you are but he does not, he's a songbird in veitnam and a warmonger
I hope you start putting country before party! The Trump rein must come to an end asap
I sincerely hope so. I hope he remains a man with morals.
you need to retire you senile warmonger #ResignMcCain
Why don't you focus on the positives like Gorsuch and quit feeding the conspiracy theory?
Head in the Sand strategy doesn't work.  Face the music.
hang it up John-boy! #TermLimits
Thank you, sir,  for putting our country first, above party!
Sen. McCain , You have my Respect Because You Serve Your Country and your Constitution . Thank You
We need an independant investigation!
of McCain Obama and Hillary
Yes, and trying for a COO?  What dirty tricks up your sleeve?
Truth, please John McCain be our hero!
Reporting Trumps actions is not "bashing".
Authoritarians never allow the truth to be heard.
like treason and obstruction of justice?
an independent investigation is in order senator.
destroy the Russians "maverick"
I am counting on you, Senator.
Give trump hell! @SenJohnMcCain @TODAYshow @MLauer @SavannahGuthrie
