We need a new damn President!
We love our president.  We voted for him, and elected him.
Where were all these Corrupt,lying, thiefs when Obama @billclinton got us in this mess,so hush up.To late now to be HERO @POTUS got this! 

Hey McCain you need to follow your brother Obama and hit the road. You and Jim have done enough damage to America
Y would he listen 2 u. You've been tougher on Trump then u were with Obama Enjoy ur privileged healthcare sellout
You actually sorce USA TODAY,  reminder your a senator, with intell, security clearance go back to sleep.
you will never be president or half the man Trump is. Atleast he stands for what he believes in!
You @ferg357 ferg357 must not understand the difference between @SenJohnMcCain & #Trump. McCain understands war he lived in he'll for 5 year
He has lived in DC, under the pretence of caring about the rest of us HE IS THE SWAMP
Get the hell out of that hole
all while u pretend 2care about this country & Az wen n fact u live by completely differ set of laws then us! RETIRE & get out of Trumps way
His generals will determine that, not you. We don't need your input. Arrogant always. Glad you never won election.
Do us all a favor,&retire! U have no intention doin rite by us or Prez Trump! Just stay where u r! U have let Az and All who voted4Trumpdown
But then y should u care about us &r healthcare? U don't have 2 suffer underOcare, cuz we subsidize u&ur staff! U fite r Prez &shit on us...
@realDonaldTrump had no plans for "HOW" to build the wall, he had no plans for healthcare, what makes you THINK HE would have ANY plan??!!
You are an embarrassment
Your greedy, selfish, rude, dishonest, disrespectful, arrogant, a liar, a Rino, an obstructionist & down rite hateful &spiteful against Prez
What's this all about?

USS #Forrestal
I hate to break it 2 you but McCain didn't cause this disaster. He was sitting in the cockpit of his A-4 waiting 2 launch when it happened.
Soros thinks Johnny is a great guy!
Where were u when Obama gave $Billions to IRAN,helped NK, Russia sneaking to talk too?Also (FAST & FURIOUS) & BENGAZI ?None of ur business 
There was no strategy for the last 8 tears what's the rush
@SenJohnMcCain did U know U R responsible for every war since 1812. How did you do that? As a daughter & wife of veterans, I apologize.
Thank you for retiring!
A real president doesn't publicize his strategy. You senator, prefer the Obama "tell-your-enemy-what-you-plan-to-do plan).
R U Kidding Me. Bush did the same. We knew about Shock & Awe a month before it happened? Think before U choose a President they all faulter.
Without a defined strategy, Trumps decision more troop. Both Mattis & McCain said no more troops w/o plan
I missed this b4: http://abcnewsradioonline.com/politics-news?currentpage=710&currentPage=148 … So loss of life= failure? Normandy was a huge failure then, wasn't it?
Traitor who wants War w/every Country! Treasonous McCain who British High Court proved was sole releaser of"fake Russian dossier"agst @POTUS
According to "Songbird McCain" this Neocon thinks We need a War Strategy for every Country in the World! He's been wrong on every policy!
Awesome Graphic
Troops need you and your wing man Graham news to back to sleep
U flat out lied 2us! U should retire if all your goin 2do is criticize Prez Trump & side w/chuck,Bernie& Liz! U owe us! STOP FITING R PREZ!
U campaigned on repealing Ocare & we voted u bak n, & all u do is fite r Prez, we like the way Prez is handling Noko & his agenda!
After ur betrayal 2 us on healthcare,u&ur words r meaningless!How about u come up w/plan 2repeal Ocare? We voted 4Prez Trump not u!
Yup because all your input over the last 15 years has led to nothing. So your right let Trump fix it!
interesting that you take queues from USAtoday
Traitor
Ya. Find out why there for last 15 years dying.
Ya. Get out!
John McCain is the reason Washington is such a mess, and we have the swamp. John McCain is the swamp/sewer.
Didn't you just say Russia committed an act of war hacking a g mail account John?
Really why did you do nothing about North Korea? Or healthcare for that matter?
Who is going to listen to you now? The obstructionist that you are...
So the warmonger is nothing but a wuss when a real threat like NK arises.
That's right John believe the USAToday... where have you been the last 13 years?
Will you please shut up! Nothing pleases you! You want fighting in middle east but let N Korea do what they want???  you need to step aside!
It is called we do what we did in Germany.... Stay there with a big army and reform the country. Wow simple.
Liar.
We had one in the beginning.
You had your chance turncoat. Wish you well health wise but as a citizen of AZ, I think you should retire and fade away. No vote for you!
Letting the commander's control the theatre with the Afghani government involvement and permission was a change for the better
You've had a long watch.  Why do you pass the buck every single time?
Led by Erik Prince.......... SAD !  And corrupt as hell.
McCain  needs to go. He can take his cronie flake with him.he never stop being a Democrat
The correct strategy is and always has been simple... tell the Stone Age Muslims we will wipe u off the map if u attack us again, and leave
We need to get out of Afghan. We been there for  many years , lost thousands of men, spent billions $.  With nothing to show.  Get out !
Something like this John? Is this your advice to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y …
U hv no right 2 criticize Trump. He's at least trying. U r the 1 who betrayed an entire nation by failing hc rpl, w yr little ego-trip.
Why don't you write up a strategy and propose it too POTUS? That will keep you from complaining about it.
8 years of Obama you never said a thing now you want to criticize @POTUS for everything he does, you are disgusting and no Patriot.
LOL, the trump is considering privatizing the war in Afghanistan. My guess is that he does not believe in our military. He wants to profit.
There you go again! Where were you when Obama was in? Crickets. Do you hate Pres. Trump that much?
Let Mccain murder for money war plans die with him.desperation is sign of weakness=Mccain deep state
Please resign today.
Erik Prince and his mercenaries are not an Afghan War Strategy. My son didn't sit on that mountaintop for months only to turn it over to him
Psssst john you are not in charge and outdated
Sir, how do you feel about Eric Prince wanting to privatize the military in Afghanistan?
Is he just supposed to crap one out? He has to wait for the generals to come up with it 1st, right? I'm have no doubt he's on their ass
The One & Only strategy for Afghanistan is to STOP. Bring our SVCMBRs home! It is a never ending war and has no win in the end.
It's called getting all of our troops out of Afghanistan and blowing up the poppy fields as a departing gift.
Novel idea!
Agreed! Prolly the best idea to stop (slow) flow of that crap coming to US....
Let's not forget that Drumpf is smarter than the generals; "trust him"!! I think impeachment is his only exit strategy!! No nerve 2 quit!!
Easy " Custer"Mc Cain... walk softly and carry a big drone... playing wackamo  with American lives won't redeem Or win the battle...
I thought that in 30 days war with ISIS will be finish. Where are your plans  Mr President?
Trump is undermining our military and Bannon is pushing privatization. Watch this situation!
They also deserve not to have DRUGS SMUGGLED with their dead bodies!1st
What about his "secret plan" to win the war? Was that another stupid lie?
Remember when he boasted he knew more than The Generals?  Where is it?  Trump is a useless big mouth carnival barker.
You will need someone else to lead on Afghanistan conflict. Trump has proven himself incapable. Does he get his war strategy from the movies
Please understand he is incapable of planning a strategy. Also, he doesn't care to. He'll outsource it to a staffer if pushed.
Hard to have a 128 character policy

On Afghanistan, Trump Is Right to Hesitate http://bit.ly/2wDZpZt  
Pres.Addle Witz hasn't got a clue what or how 2 deal with Afghanistan, NK or any other existential threat! No strategy, no plan, no nothing!


Pull out! We have been there 17 years!! Your friends mad enough money! Traitor!!
We need a new senator tired of you bashing @realDonaldTrump

ThinkYou Know John McCain?

WATCH THIS …
President trump. US soldiers need to come home. We've been there to long. Let the Arab\Muslim world consume itself. They clearly want to
And the American people need trump impeached
Here's a strategy, how about we get out?
Yes sir, a stragety to finish it AND lets quit jumping into 15-20 year  wars to appease our military. I believe in the strongest of defenses
Just not Eric Prince, please.
He's on the back nine, you'll have to wait.
Sorry, John, the Idiot-in-Chief is too busy playing golf, tweeting and worring about opioid crisis to address military needs.
Make sure you're not gonna sell weapons to Ukraine or you will see a lot more of this
Please do not let him privatize this war.
Not a strategy that includes privatization and Erik Prince.
C'mon, man, he's busy! Golf takes time and focus!!
think America is more concerned about North Korea
John this war has been going on for years you politicians haven't done anything ! Trump has been in 6mos.
John McCain: you and your Democrat buddies need to get a healthcare and tax strategy going!! You don't give 2 hoots about our needs!!!
War Strategy, Get Out! Congress loves US in military conflicts. Makes military lobbyists SSS at the cost of US lives. @realDonaldTrump
Maybe he'll tweet one?
All the legislators that had failed presidential runs are the problem.   Think about it...2/2
We have the right president, just a bs senate and house. All of u need to.  Be gone 1/2
Easy for you to say. Leaderless for past 15 years.
Oh if we only had President McCain, or Secretary McCain things would run smoother
Did obama have one John when we lost 2600 souls during his tenure
Here's a strategy: Get the hell out!
Trump doesn't have a strategy for simultaneously walking and chewing gum. Someone else will have to devise strategy for him.
@SenJohnMcCain isn't asking for the war to go longer. He's stating that based on article #Trump doesn't have a strategy. Trump needs one
Put ur ear to ground listen they're coming after the rat leaker in WH r u ready for the arrest
Come on John, strategy is "winning" get on board the unhinged Trump train!
Sadly @realDonaldTrump wants to farm it out to Erik Prince. People need to wake up - this is not what is in the best interest of US.
Have you ever been to a warzone or do you have any clue what civilians do over there?
asking, @realDonaldTrump for a war strategy is like a blind man pointing out where the bathroom is. remember, war "strategies" are now from
the pentagon. hey, man .. that's what he said during the begining of the term. stay safe soldiers.
Leave. Simple strategy.
How many wars do you want to be in Russia, Afghanistan, N Korea, oh and the President stay out of it you're not the President
#Resistance #Resist #Impeach -this is why we need a real #CommanderinChief ! Our #Military deserves better! Need #real #POTUS
Can't wait until you can't tweet anymore 
Hey Senator Afghanistan has been going on for a long time. Too bad u didn't hate Obama maybe u would have worried about a strategy sooner.
A good start would be defining the mission & reviewing how many times it was changed. 16 years is absurd as we pay with our lives & tax $.
Sir, Prince, former Blackwater CEO, is in the news today claiming the WH plans to privateize the Afghan war - are you aware?
I left Afghan last october, there has been more civilians than military there for over a decade
John MCCain needs to get his ass away from politics and rest at home!!! The old man can't think straight with revenge on his mind!!
Aren't you the Chairman of the US Armed Forces Committee?  What strategy are you proposing to POTUS vs pointing fingers at him?
Trump is not capable of any strategy other than "sticking it to Obama ". You need to proceed without him.
We need a grand overall strategy. Dis-aggregating strategy country by country ot issue by issue is not the way to do this.
He has no stragedy.. God help us
Arm chair leader @SenJohnMcCain .
If you can't get behind our president , then get out. It is ridiculous
He needs to stop tweeting classified info-that's a damn good place to start.
You are a liar and a fraud. You should be ashamed of yourself Senator.
But did you Senator say this b4 for GWB and BHO admins ?
Good Luck With That
He Knows More That Any Generals
So He Is Letting The Generals Do 
Is it true President Obama limited air support for Afghan Army operations to wean them of dependacy  on air support?
They needed one 15 years ago
McCain's strategy has been consistent from day one: War without end in the Middle East. He wants nothing less.
I KNOW I WILL, if the stock market don't collapse
That's how we felt when Obama left the WH.  
Senator.Face it.We have no "president". Whatever trump is he's not that.A mentally ill so-called billionaire,corrupt,eating &Golfing machine
They said Obama lead from behind and Donald J Trump is not leading at All!!!
War McCain favourite word
#FireMcMaster
A lot of strategies are needed but apparently the only ones thought of by 45 involve tweeting, golfing, eating cake, & creating chaos 
Good thing daddy the admiral had your six. You would have been in the brig before you got shot down.
We need to get out. 18 years is enough! The Russians were smart enough to get out after 8 yrs!
We don't have a CIC. You'll have to ck w/Mattis unless Trump has already subcontracted CIC duties to DeVos brother - ErikPrince. #FUBARGovt
Trump doesn't have a strategy, he's just winging it.  We need Trump removed from office.
Trump doesn't need a strategy his DOD needs one and I'm sure it's ready to put in action.
Switch parties
retire old man. make way for new energy.  you're done.
@SenJohnMcCain you lost credibility when you allowed the Dems to win the ACA repeal and replace because of your dislike for @realDonaldTrump
He is not mentally stable that cancer has effected his brain he needs to be put out to pasture he is sick and should not be working anymore.
Ya I think he knows it's last term so he can do or say whatever. And he hates DT so he will join the obstructionist sad when AZ is hurting
The Senator has significant financial interest in expanding ME wars... HE is the one that should be impeached!
Perhaps he could have "settled on a strategy" if he wasn't so busy worrying about tweets, rallies and golfing. Hope ur doing well.
Ask Hillary. At least you'll get an educated answer and it won't be simple, like what you'll get from Trump.
This response is what you expect from a man that brags about being 894/899 at the Naval Academy. Explains why you ended up captured.
Our country is increasingly becoming the worst country on the planet. How many innocent people were slain "claiming" it was for our freedom?
IGNORAMOUS #BLOTUS JUS LEAKED AGAIN!

We need an end. We will always need troops there. If we leave Afghanistan it will fall in a NY minute. 45 get our people out of there.
War has become Afganistan's main source of livelihood. Fix that.
Sir, I understand that as Repub (you) to Repub(Trump), you're trying to help teach him how to be a proper President, but never gonna happen!
Just shut up
Using paid mercenaries will make the US no better than terrorists
You must retire or come out of the closet admit you're a Democrat
How about full disclosure of the US interests there. Does Big Pharma use the poppy plant for their opioid production? Save the last bullet.
He's a little too busy right now to worry about important things. There's tweeting and golfing to get to yet today!
maybe someone who served related to him can provide input
oh forgot that won't work @MSNBC @PoliticalDiscor @AltStateDpt @JoaquinCastrotx @SenFranken
Can anyone explain why we have been in Afghanistan 16 years, what our goals are & what criteria need to be met so we can bring troops home?
We need to defeat the Taliban. If we leave and let the Taliban stay, another 9/11 style attack could happen.
Without us the Afghan gov would lose, Taliban would be in control and in the end al-Qaeda would return
Love you Senator Be Well. And keep punching GOP to stand for Country 
Thank you for your no vote on healthcare. Your courage to stand for a deeper truth than partisan politics inspires us all
Some things I wish weren't publicized/available on the internet, i.e. our military struggling w/strategy where troops are or bomb making.
You are becoming a complete bozo. Using dead American troops. Really. Where has the strategy and outrage been for the last 16 years?
You need to decide who you support.
40 years of #failure & Americans as cannon fodder not enough?
How about just bring them home.
War strategy yes, but not based on Eric Prince's plan of imbedded mercenaries.
And not include Prince' s blackwater mercenaries please.  War for profit is appalling senator
They need to keep an eye on Prince!
What? Not gonna create a summer jobs program for Erik and the  Mercenaries from BlackWater???
