Stop backstabbing @POTUS and do what the taxpayers pay you to do for a change >>
#MAGA 

https://twitter.com/Chana_M_56/status/876822354470502400 …
Memo to POS McCain cut ALL foreign aid and give it to the hard working American People By the way it is their MONEY not yours.
Please retire already.
u do realize every Con (at least the ones that DIDNT require a pardon for treason) is thinking 100% opposite of u.
Another unaccountable money pit that both you and Kaine support. With the same lame excuse..it's only 1%. That's a huge amount. Stop it all.
Have you not joined the Democratic Party yet
SO John McCain delights in giving away US Tax Payer dollars to people who hate us.
You want greater funding for military...Where do we get that money??? 20T debt...
Stop the witch hunt. Support a resolution to shut it down.
Maybe it's time to cut the foreign aide. America is trillions in debt and you still want to bleed it.  Whose side are you on McCain?
Sorry John, large majority of us don't receive bribes like you do to afford supporting every damn country in this world.
Not interested.
John, your colleagues were almost killed yesterday.
Memo to John - 20 trillion in Debt and you want to  continue to spend like a liberal! Cut something stop embarrassing Republicans
Senator McCain: will you speak up about the stealth health care bill? And act?
Thank you.
Don't be so damn generous with the money I work so hard to earn & putting my children & grandchildren in debt Stop Aid we can't afford @MAGA
No, no, no! Cut all foreign aid! We are not the world's daddy!
Why did you walk back your Obama/Trump comments the same day Trump gave your wife a job. You're better than that..
Doing something right for a CHANGE??? I might be impressed if you were not such a GOP puppet and stood up for what is right more often TRUTH
In an ideal world aid wouldn't be necessary but in context of two past global wars and willingness of some to impose on others aid is smart.
Why would we not Johnnie. What part of 20 trillion in debt can you not grasp
We give out too much in Foreign aid. the GOP cuts programs that help our poor, disabled and seniors. Priorities are off. We come first!
just when I was beginning to change my mind abt you- the Comey hearing.
Yo John! Don't take Health care away from millions of people!
cut it.
How about, Don't cut health care to my sister a d others."
how much kick-back do you receive from taxpayer dollars going to foreign aid mr mccain?
you are the reason we need term limits
Thank you senators!
if you want to give aid to another country, do it with your own money, I'm only able to afford food every other day due to high ins costs
And while you're at it please save the US, as political sanity has taken a holiday.
Give foreign aid but dont give any assistance to Americans for healtcare.
I used to see you as a sane voice...your wife's ambassadorship days before the hearings raises conflicts, though agree Foreign Aid shld cont
We have children right here in Appalachia and our inner cities that need Food and Health Care Senator 
They should always come 1st
Thank you!! Soft power is how we win the peace!
Senator, I hope you put your vote where your pen is.
Thank you Sen. McCain for being a voice of reason.  #HumanRights #endgagrule #endguardianship #MaryamNawaz
So what's your plan to get the debt under control?
Welfare to people that hate us? Look at the UN, they all hate us. You are an anti Trump from day one. The best for you is to be a liberal!
Thank you for working with bi-partisan intent. We NEED leadership bi-partisan now more than ever.
We aren't getting any leadership out of the WH. Congress has to step up and run this country along with the SCOTUS.
Good  Thursday,Sen. John McCain
Just tell Timmah to send in Woody...
Retire please
Why John? Will that eliminate your kickbacks?
Follow the money for neocon McCain
Cut it all, your not even making good use of their resources or Protecting the peoples interests, Only Big $ interests do you protect.
I along with many others are worried about McCain's mental health. Prayers up.
"Without goodness, there is no greatness"
just switch parties already.
Foreign aid represents less than 1% of Orr budget and is enormously helpful in strengthen our diplomatic alliances. It's worth it!
Can we get some Ambassadors too plz?!
Go to sleep John no one listens to you anymore
Pay it yourselves ffs....
TRUMP WILL RESIST AS HIS FAMILY BUSINESS/BILLIONS COME FIRST 
HE & KUSHNER FAMILY NEED MORE MULTI MILLION $  LOANS FROM RUSSIA

THAT IS SAD
