What...who cares???
How?? McCain is what Putin wakes up and has nightmares about.
Are you sure you know who Senator John McCain is?  Because it does not sound like it.

please quit inviting countries into NATO. The USA provides way more in protection and $$ compared to other countries.
NATO doesn't invite, nations come to NATO to apply to join.
Senator McCain, I'm an independent, I respect you, please help America, what is going on in the WH is deplorable!
what's going on with McCain is deplorable
The world waits on you and Sen Graham to shine light on the Trump/Russia connection.
These two make me want to puke, then kick their obama loving ass's.
The 2 are right & the 97 need to get their sons & daughters enlisted in combat units. NOW
Are you going to allow Trump to harass them like he did Merkel?  Trump is a joke and we look like fools on the world stage
finally the @SenateGOP did something to piss off the President's boyfriend. Now how about a Special Prosecutor?
Does this mean you're cool with a Russian strategic military alliance with Mexico or are you a #hypocrite
You must have Nunes step down from Russia investigation.  We need you to stop this.
#Montenegro #NATO 
Welcome Montenegro!  Hope joining NATO guarantees your sovereignty and stops Russia interfering.
oentenegro? whats is the benfit to the EU? you live in the past, you are so corrupted.  Resign or retire...lousy human being
HOW MUCH WILL THAT COST THE TAX PAYERS ? ANOUTHER WELFARE STATE ! 20 BILLION IN DEBT CATCH YOUR INTEREST ? FEW PAY US NOW !
what is the strategic interest in allowing this country to join? They bring no value to the roster?
please call for special prosecutor #trump admin #Russia probe. Country over party. #russiagate
If you're relying on NBC for your facts, you're misinformed. Why not finish the job & join Schumer, Schiff, & the Dems?
Another nation that wants military welfare.
ur doing good work senator McCain
@inconcepibile Isn't it time for Senate to also vote #Kurdistan to join #NATO in defense of the free world.They've earned it!
idiot
Good way to divert attention of your leaky lips. Yeah, compliment the POTUS, you did it, now back in cage
jerk. You now hate America. Once a Great War hero. Now a traitor
@Dean_Bain Congratulations, Montenegro! Let Freedom and Democracy ring! 
@RandPaul still punkd you and we'll be waiting for your resignation or  Arpaio will leaky leaky all your skeletons Reeeeeeee!
Glad to see you attract all the radical left criminals. You really need to re-evaluate your mental capability.
since when is it conservative to be weak on the Kremlin?
Trump is the one betraying DECADES of GOP & conservatives
Globalist world of corrupt puppets. You are a discrace. You make Maxine Waters look like a neurologist. #TermLimits @potus
Ally with former adversaries as we did with the U.K.
who benefits us? Who can be useful to us? Always the only consideration in foreign policy. Why lash us to every tiny state?
of course you were a hero in Vietnam. So was my great uncle in Guadalcanal. The Cold War is over.
thank God we have Montenegro with us. Our worries are over. Seriously, do you ever consider what benefits the US?
You @SenJohnMcCain aren't a traitor yet you steadfastly defend one. Will you do more than talk the talk- or will you continue to do nothing
thanks for continuing to work Sen McCain. Seems many of your colleagues are lost in the politics.
Luke you care about this country. You sold our privacy rights! Traitor!
hope they can help US pay the bills
JOHN it's me. George Soros. Say bad things about Trump this week. That is all for now.
You are the enemy of the American people. Retire, Resign.
great but now please tell Ryan we need an independent counsel on Russia
will they pay their share?????
Little soldiers play war
Do you think Donald could find it on a map?
Only thing in Washington I've agreed with in months.
Come on John, when are u going to contribute to real issues ? Get off your ass & get to work ! That's why people sent u there
Why don't you talk to our POTUS about NATO importance?
You are nothing but a war monger and a classic poster child for term limits! #warwithoutdebate @RandPaul
Yes, lets spend more money and blood subsidizing another country
#nato an old relic of history that should be dismantled. Stop looking for war you #corrupt #oligarch. #Propaganda pusher
Thank you for bring this to the attention of the public!
Will we be subsidizing their military as well?
How does this help your constituency?
Help us John McCain with an independent committee into Trump and Russia
I am ashamed & discusted of every Senator that voted Yes! When did Americans agree to protect a corrupt & criminal nation?
North Atllantic Treaty Organizion ,#NATO; I READ; Thank You!  Sen.John McCain
#Montenegro in defense to be part of the free world
probably not a good move then if ur proud
But defense of American's personal liberties? Nah! #Broadbandprivacy #Patriotinnameonly
Hopefully Rand Paul agreed this time. Now help us get an #IndependentCommission for #Trumprussia please. Thank you!
retire
cc @RandPaul  Okay. Circle jerk is over..can't wait to get your browser history...& if you give a shit abt NATO #Trumprussia
trumps government are acting more like a dictatorship than a democracy lying & not letting truth out
FYI @potus, their "dues" to the US are less than those at Mar-a-Lago
Ya good for them, as you voted to throw US Citizens under big ole corp bus & toss our internet privacy out the window #SAD 
Meanwhile Putz heavy footing.  Ukraine. Weapons deployment. Murder. Protest Suppression. Any adults in DC?
Add another tiny nation that can't defend itself or contribute to NATO. Pathetic. Stupid is as stupid does.
and what about Russia  ? Hurry please Trump is destroying our country and the world  !
Nunes is destroying  The integrity of the RNC. Sad 
Great. Now do something to save our government.
Oh my god this is wasting our time. Get something done to Americans. Republicans,Deplorable Nation will vote you out also
so McTraitor is funneling Soros $$
and the World are proud of you Senator McCain.
now load'em up with weapons..
Is your boy Donnie gonna send them a bill?
#SenJohnMcCainisaclassact
Watch out, @realDonaldTrump might hand them an invoice for inital membership fee, direct deposited to Alfa Bank. #russiagate
And what exactly do they bring to the table? Just another country that American blood will be shed on.
Thank you Senator McCain for being vocal in your opposition to Putin-style fascism. Keep it up sir, NATO needs a moral leader
For all American POW’s Dead and Alive, Get your shit together Sir, and get Russia out of our country
.@SenJohnMcCainさん

Very proud of ◯◯’s overwhelming vote to allow◯◯ to join in #defense of the free world

Thank you very much

#Montenegro
What's the point since ur POTUS is against NATO?
yes, but aren't you ashamed of everything else your party is doing? Cold comfort, really.
If you do not do something about Trump soon, the US won't be defending anything!
DO YOUR JOB #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigation
What about Trump, Putin, Russia, Nunes, Flynn. ?  ?
How are they going to help defend the free world? They have a standing army of >2000. Just more mouths for USA to feed.
thank you for your continuing support of NATO.
What does the U.S. gain from that?
We get another nation to defend that cannot assist us if we need help or contribute to NATO. Useless.
" I see....!.John.Selamat pagi.Salam ".@senjohnmccain
Trump may veto it for Russia
Are they going to pay there fair share?
Who were the two #Montenegro haters?
will anyone defend our country against #Potus #Nunes ?
no I would pack and get out fast hurry go to Canada or Mexico
Thank you
Thank you for shepherding the #Montanegro vote thru the senate. #NATO
traitor
get out.
stop colluding with the russians
Next up is @DevinNunes.
i'm not happy about the thought of my asthma getting worse.
While the House votes to repeal rules requiring users' permission for companies to collect and share their data.
well done senator! Keep pushing for #IndependentCommission on #Trumprussia to cont. to thwart Putin's agenda / 45's treason!!
Who voted against?
but don't be proud of your internet privacy vote. Harmful to the American people but great for IPs. Guess you work for them.
contributors to be precise
keep leaning on Nunes... he's bent.
and what about the fact that we don't spy on our citizens?
you also proud about forfeiting our privacy to make a buck?
