People have the right to fight for their needs to be met, which is what identity politics is for. If someone doesn't like that people
Pardon me for having an opinion but civil rights matter, human beings matter, and if you can't be smart enough to support those human...
Why would you identify with an organization opposed to civil rights? I feel like the reason matters, although I can't think of a good one
Many thanks Senator McCain for tweeting this great piece. I wish you speedy recovery. Would those on the far right read this article?
The GOP is standing behind a mentally ill president. That might be a problem. You think?
Any evidence to support this or are you a Dr.? You heard it on t.v. so it must be true? Pathetic!
JM Just go somewhere and take a chill pill,I am so disappointed in how you have acted in the past few months, I can't believe I voted for U.
Actually it's easy to say this when you are the dominant "identity" try living as a woman, as a black, as a dreamer, as LGBTQ for just 1 day
Can you imagine if they had "white trash" on the news 24/7 doing messed up stuff, rather than minorities. They used the race card.
corruption in govt IS!!!
Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
We know John. Stop resisting your President you fool. Practice what you preach.
.don't have time! have to work to pay for basics. glad you have so much time on your vacay!
1.2 There is a willing memory gap in American: The land belongs  to Native Americans, & was BUILT on the back of African-Americans.
Your petty little revenge against our president doesn't help unite this country.
Well they didn't succeed in 1861 and they won't succeed now
McCain..Corruption of the RINO GOP aNd Liberal Anti America/Democrats ..those who are destroying a Just Political arena of Honest leaders
And unfortunately sir, you are a big part of this problem.
Perhaps he's thinking of how God will judge him after this life and not what right wingers think before.
Greed, corruption, lies, sloth, undermining the poor and murder are sins associated with Trump. McCain might wish to lead better
Memories for his children. Have integrity
You are tearing America part you're tearing apart the GOP because you're a traitor and you take money from the left shame on you
No common ground when POTUS hates women, immigrants and POC.  Stand up and speak out. Not my President
And senators who betray their own words. Such as the jackass from Arizona who blocked the repeal of obamacare. You went back on your word
#truestory #secondworldwar #IIWW #GermanDeathCamps #ReparationsForPoland
Think the Liar In Chief is doing that.
Fox fake news, obstruction for 8 years by GOP, fake conspiracies, hate speech instead of policy during elections, name calling= GOP playbook
You, Emily, are obviously misinformed!
Actually, Emily is well informed.
According to you, right? Wrong!!
#notyourmascot #Notyourcostume #justsaying
2.2 If these facts are acknowledged by all Americans, all Americans would work to end racism & hating, & doing justice for Native-A & Afri-A
And McCain is doing his best to divide us every single day. God sees you.
Must-read by James Baker & Andrew Young in @WSJ today: "Identity Politics Are Tearing America Apart" https://www.wsj.com/articles/identity-politics-are-tearing-america-apart-1504132735 …
The democrats started it. If they end it maybe we will follow.
SENATOR:WHEN WE HAVE A DONALD TRUMP WHO'S SOLE PURPOSE IS TO BE CENTER OF ATTTENTION, PRAISE SUPREMISTS,PUSHING LEGISLATION THAT DOES HARM!
What would the politicians use to get elected.
You ere one of them, grow up
Great article. The WH staffer who said - months ago- that "this is just like 'Reservoir Dogs'" nailed it.

out of the 9 trillion that Obama spent why wasn't the bridges and roads http://repaired.You  are not helping this country or it's people
No it is weak ass, limp wristed republican senators who would rather be democrats
Thank you Sen. McCain. Wonderful article. You are a hero and moral leader..God bless you.
And Your One Of The MAJOR Clowns Causing It. Do Americans A Favor AND,    . You Understand What I'm Saying!!!
@SenJohnMcCain STOP INSULTING THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!! It is embarrassing & insubordinate. U, sir, are disrespectful.
Lead by Trump & Bannon. Majority want 2c OVERT bipartisanship. DON’T LET FRINGE WAG THE DOG
D trump is!
Alternative title: "civil rights and human rights: are they really all that important?"
Yes and you are part of it!
And RINO MCCain ......
Trump is tearing America apart. He is a hateful, greedy, pig. It is humiliating that he's our President. America is ashamed.
And you identify as a democrat? Guess it's not a question it's a observation!!
You Mr. McCain are one of those people that put their personal agendas before national interest. You guys take this country apart.
The left is tearing America apart with their hatred and intolerance of anyone who doesn't think like them.
Glad I read it.  Trump will probably ignore.
No you and the rest of the swamp  are
Y'all took money from soros to stop trump!  Traitors John McCain
Lindsay Graham
John Kasich
Marco Rubio
Ron Johnson
Paul Ryan
John McCain
Lindsay Graham
John Kasich
Marco Rubio
Ron Johnson
Paul Ryan 
soros puppets!!!
No, @realDonaldTrump and spineless @GOP is tearing America apart.
Funny how straight white men think this. Every project you mention can be undermined by unacknowledged racism.
Mostly democrats masquerading as republicans,ie,RINOs.
Yore part of the problem sonbird!
No kidding...
No John.   Your part of the swamp and your getting exposed.  2 sided nickel bud
Must-read Americans paying more in taxes than for food, clothing
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/31/americans-paying-more-in-taxes-than-for-food-clothing.html … while do-nothing congress lives in lap of luxurary
You did your part, now rest!
Imagine you'd know about tearing things apart!!! Like ......
Maybe it's traitors like you who are on the payroll of Lockheed Martin that are tearing America apart?
Keep your mouth shut traitor
#Congressional approval 18%
Where have you been! This has been going on do a long time. It needed to b nipped in the bud long ago.
This is awesome.  Rather nice to hear from those with experience.
Gee and all the time I thought it was traitorous dirtbags like you.



Cultural Marxism is a cancer in our society. It's all the inherent evil of Stalin but using "oppression" instead of class struggle.
Senator, it's not fair for us to ask anymore from you, especially in your time of battle but, WE NEED YOUR SANE VOICE TO STOP THIS MADMAN.
Lifetime politicians are contributing to this as well. The longer their there the more corrupt you become.
Do us favor and go into nursing home
See I rest my case ( another must read)
Article must be about you and and your buddy Gobber from SC
Well said!
Maybe all Federal & State EMPLOYEES should stay off Twitter. All Taxpayer employees.
That's what happens when the party in control shuts down All efforts to work together. Own it GOP and own this divisive trump
McCain is tearing America apart.  Obstructionist
The more I think of this the more incensed I become at your "common good" exploit. Our "issues" are POLITICAL, stemming from policy. 1/
I don't think it is "mean" to stand against racial bigotry, religious intolerance, allowing insurance cos. & hospitals to play God ... 2/
...and decide who lives or dies, or resisting any of the trumpian mindsets dividing us. If good vs. evil, God vs. anti-Christ divides ... 3/
...us, then "more power to the people"! We are resisting deterioration of our Democracy, Constitution and principals. WHERE DO YOU STAND? 4/
Pushing more lies about tax cuts and tax reform does not shine a light of goodness on you. Tell the truth. Be an American, not GOP agent.5/5
McCain and his self serving agenda along with the other old guard need to go. Term limits get rid of these special interest puppets.
Hit the nail on the head !  Let's hope enough people read this article.
YOU, sir, are part and parcel to the problem. RETIRE! You and those like you, need to be shown the back door.
Ur party set this up for years We're exactly where u want us, an oligarchy not a democracy
With all due respect, name one senator that didn't use "identity politics" in their past election?
Silly me.  I thought it was income disparities and the GOP exploiting these.  Thanks for update.
Must watch https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/903294913986666496 …
More importantly it's Trump , dividing America intentionally !
Great article
You are not helping by not letting your word.
@RepLeeZeldin See, this how you do it!
So true but how do we put the genie back in the bottle?
Practice what you preach, John.
No you are tearing America  apart. Support @POTUS
