I missed the show. Hopefully U didn't whine & complain about OUR President & talked positively about his many accomplishments to-date & MAGA
Time to retire John #termlimits
Go John.  Truth and some real dialogue will be refreshing
You made an ass of yourself.
John,  used to be one of your supporters for many years however you r  part of the swamp.  sold yourself out to the Dems resistance party
Can't do FOX any longer unless it's Chris Wallace.  Two others marginally. Don't get news, only conspiracy theories. I want TRUTH.
#ImpeachMcCain
Please ask them to stop tormenting the family of Seth Rich.
If u start w anti-Trump dialogue, I'm done. Support your POTUS. He supported you.
POTUS made fun of McCain - draft dodger in chief criticizing the POW. How is that support?
Shut up please.  McCain has been bad for America since he blew election.  Elitist, out of touch and self absorbed!
McCain says the right things but time* again does not act on them when push comes to shove. He chooses party over country every single time
Every single time... Alot of times he sticks with the seditious ANTI-American democRATS over America.. RINO.
Are you going to tell them about your involvement in the fake #russiagate? Your Cover up on the Benghazi scandal? @USNJack. We will!
You've become a big joke Johnny. Please retire.
Yes everyone tune in to the liar, theif & the Hanoi songbird.
Trump sellout. What's in your browser history?
Please retire. Yours truly, OHIO.
Please don't....
Looks like the message is the same by most here...time to Retire.When the truth comes out,Soros $ isn't going to help you! @realDonaldTrump
A College Park student who's a member of "Alt Reich" Fb group killed Bowie St student Richard Collins, an Army Lt, in unprovoked attack
Why watch a RINO spew swamp garbage?
John I beg you please retire..... when will you share your real military history with us Vietnam Veterans?
Please make Fox News tell the truth! @FoxNews
#JohnMcCain referred to  #RandPaul, #Amash and #TedCruz  as “#wackobirds
Please retire you are not supporting the President or your country
Stop putting our President down, support him like an American should!  He's doing a Great job!  Who did want? Hillary.  Shame on you
John we're is your loyalty to your country, you are saying crazy shit. I think you need to take a look in the mirror. Maybe Father Time?
You should retire. Out of touch & the epitome of why we need term limits! Thx for ur service, but time to get a real job
Concur
Concur Concur
Why don't you go on a real news show?  With @FoxNews , you will only be reaching a minority of people....Trumpettes.
Like CNN..... LOL
There are a lot of choices.  The only network not airing the "real news" is Fox.  Take your pic.  ABC, cbs, NBC, MSNBC, and yes, CNN.
I guess it's true, low information voters believe the propaganda.
Enjoy the cult, dude.  Funny how Fox's ratings are going down though.
As usual,need to keep mouth http://shut.You  are most hated repub around..Facebook and twitter shows everyday..need a home,quickly
Ride off John.  I'm so done with your non team play.  Military didn't teach you about team? Wow? @TrumpGirlStrong

You discussed nothing. You made excuses. U say one thing. U vote another. U R letting Congress tear down what our country used to stand for.
No THNX!  I can just bet you will find a way divert attention away from the fact that no investigations exist for Intelligence agency leaks.
JOHN MCAIN SEEMS TO BE OUR ENEMY.  IS HE GUILTY OF SOMETHING? PRAY GOD EXPOSES THE TRUTH ABOUT MCCAIN.  SOMETIMES HE ACTS LIKE A TRAITOR.
JOHN MCCAIN-SUPPOSED TO SUPPORT REPUBLICANS-HE’S SUPPORTING DEMOCRATS-SEEMS JOHN MCCAIN IS NOT AN HONEST PERSON & HIDING SOMETHING BIG TIME
WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THINK JOHN MCCAIN HAS SOMETHING TO HIDE WITH RUSSIA THE WAY HE’S FIGHTING TRUMP. TAKING THE ISSUE AWAY FROM HIMSELF.
The idea that Reagan would have called out Saudi Arabia over women's rights in while in Saudi is retarded and obviously contrary to history.
Sen. McCain you are acting like a coward! Please Retire!
Can they cage a RINO in a news studio?
http://youtube.com/watch?v=JLiI7lv1S08 … … John McCain gets yelled at and Called a Traitor! This video speaks volumes.. please watch.
How about trying a REAL news channel, Senator?
Nobody cares what you think
if I want to listen to liberal BS I will tune in to CNN
Retire already
Maybe you should LISTEN TO YOUR DAUGHTER. 
SHE is a loyal Republican. You are a RINO who doesn't give crap because it your last term. RESIGN
Please support @POTUS for a change. Whose side are you on anyway?
Congratulations on screwing up mid terms for republicans. Special prosecutor. What your next goal?
100%disabled Vietnam Vet here,McCain it's time to back our President or retire. As a vet I expect you to stand tall for America 100%
Fox News = Trump Propaganda
Oh please, Not so much as it should be and not as much as other tv outlets are for liberals
I'm not a fan of Fox but Chris Wallace is exception. Pls remember your words when voting in senate.
.Don't forget talking about selling weapons to Saudi Arabia, the direct supporters of 9/11 attacks & violators of human rights to the max
Seen the show, your comments. Loser, senile. Your hatred of Trump shows through. I did not like hearing it, but a POW, is not a hero
Yeah you discussed how much you are a democrat
this is not scandal its made up fake news to get rid of our great prez stick together man we are conservatives
McCain is completely senile... has been for years.... won't be re-elected
Stop talking and start saving the country from this traitor and his criminal administration.
Hey McCain !! The Dems may be clowns but YOU Are a Traitor to the President !! At least Clowns stick together !!!!
We never heard a word out U McCain when BHO & HRC handed over half Ameria 4 money WTF is wrong with U You aren't serving your country POS
Mr McCain, what happened to the man I used to respect? I voted 4 u and u r supposed 2 b representing MY interests, not your own. U shldquit
Sit down with CNN and I will tune in
Tune you OUT, rino. Try being supportive instead of a swamp rat.
If u cared half as much abt r great state of AZ as u do going on talk shows 2 bash r Pres, imagine how much better AZ wld b.
@SenateGOP John McCain should be stripped and banned from all committies. He is a bonafide traitor to the United States. Do your job!
Won't watch that. Go away you left wing fool. You hurt the Republicans every time you speak
Your little cyber town halls where you can pick your questions are bullshit. Come and face the voters in person traitor.
Are you going to call for an independent investigation or are you going to be a coward?
The people of Az want you gone. Yes I am an active voter in Az and you are a traitor to your country
@SenateGOP Time to expel John McCain for being a traitor. The evidence is redily available.
Get on board with Trump   We need him!!!! Start acting like a republican!
You implied that Trump should do what Reagan did w Irancontra  fired some people and went on national TV to acknowledge mistakes
In politics people say things. Time to let go of President trumps comments about you. Be a Man. Represent America and not yourself
Better yet fade into obscurity
McCain Wanna Be Credible? Go on CNN & MSNBC. R U Chicken? Everyone with Common Sense Know that FOX is FAKE NEWS so Y R U Promoting It.
can at least tell the truth do you have to lie about the president.We don't trust you and know you hate the country and it's people
You can bet John McCain won't have anything good to say about Trump.  Does being captured make you a hero??
Why are u giving them your time...now I'm worried...you were the only hope we had left
Hope the conversation included saving the #ACA
fake news foxnews!TRUMPRUSSIA#
what happened can't you get on CNN?
John McCain is a danger to America & the world
He is a warmongering national embarrassment 
Thank GOD McCain will NEVER be president
Ahh, I actually trust the Russians more than McCain
No thanks.....
So you can trash talk Republicans and back stab the POTUS?
Take ANY 5 Dems 5 Republicans Ask them to confirm or deny Trump's incompetence. Then act..wait a minute u already know the results and did 0
Incompetent not guilty of stupid or ignorant Y is he still running the country m? This doesn't need an investigation it's simply a fact
u r in front of the outcome what ever it is.But what does it matter he is incompetent country b4 party and it's good 4 party in long run
Make sure you tell them how people in Arizona want you out #draintheswamp
Your a RINO  no longer relevant retire
RUSSIA.
YOU NEED TO STAND UP     NOT SIT DOWN DO SOMETHING    AS AN OUTGOING SENATOR   DO   S O M E T H I N G   MEANINGFUL FOR YOUR SUPORTERS
@FoxNews will cover their ears if you try to say anything abt #Russia, sir. Please convey the importance of the investigation.  Good luck!
I saw your stint. "It's a scandal it's a scandal." Well Chris - I don't know if you should call it a scandal   WHICH YOU JUST DID.
sorry, I refuse to watch For news
Afraid of the real news? Had a town hall yet? You're silence on EVERYTHING TELLS AMERICA this is worse than being a POW. 
Don't lower your high standards to appear on FOX....Please!!!?
We the people stood for @SenJohnMcCain it's time for you to stop being cowardly when it comes to @realDonaldTrump stand for truth & people
I won't watch you. You need to change political party.

Better stop now and redeem yourself. Defend the will of the people and by your president.
Our Potus is the anointed leader of this country. If you come against him. You're coming against God. It will just backfire on you. So you
Please do it with a reliable news source. Fox News is not one
um John, Fox does not like to discuss what's going on so ur going 2 perfect place 4 how u do ur job!
Set aside your bitterness and vindictiveness for the sake of your nation that's slowly losing itrue voice to the dishonest and evil MSm
The left fascists who are seeking to destroy our nation and democracy with insane and destructive policies.
Stop attacking our elected President. It's like you're attacking the will of the "we the people". You're endangering our nation by siding
I love Chris Wallace, and you were awesome.
Not sure I can stomach more of your rhetoric and non-support
Which John McCain will show up?
Not the one we need
More @realDonaldTrump #bashing #term limits #retire #to old
Here we go again more lies and left wing propaganda go ahead and dance to your handlers music
John McCain will cough up the president if he could with accusations and innuendos.
Seriously! You are a sore loser & #Obstructionist no one listens to!
Retire => @SenJohnMcCain @FoxNewsSunday 
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/15/rex-tillerson-gives-john-mccain-much-deserved-smac/ …
Maybe stop talking to the people pretending nothing is wrong?
I wish we could impeach #senjohnmccain
Sorry won't watch that low life channel.
No thanks have no interest in anything you have to say.
Please stand for common sense. we need a leader who can talk in complete sentences and isn't getting rich while fooling America w collusion
Two faced John Mc Cain needs to decide if he is Republican or Democrat!!!
Yeah can't wait to see your interview you'll become a vindictive old man and jealous that you didn't make it to be POTUS  that's what I see
Quit sitting and do something!!
Please don't lie as you normally do.
i dont liste to these never trumper ppl. maybe daughter meghan will b released by @FoxNews. hope her resume to @cnn or @McDonalds is updated
Pick the side you're on, your country's or the enemy, and stick with it. Time to man up and be consistent!
Blah blah blah
Investigate Comey for leaking info to his buddy Benjamin Wittes about an ongoing investigation.
Really? You've lost touch with reality in your ignorance of The TRUTH, The WAY and The Life also in Wordl events
Why even go on Fox?
A waste of oxygen.
Sorry, no Democrat spin for me today... Have had enough to last for quite a while.
Discuss is the key word for you. Taking action against your party is something you will not do. You have become irrelevant.
# we the people voted for Trump need to look  yourself in the mirror
Try telling them what they need to know not the empty conspiracy theories they like to hear.

How about what you're doing for our Vets!!!?
Your ineptitude to act in times of need prove why you couldn't be president. Too weak on everything.
I am actually a AZ VOTER, not like the others comments! Trump is trying to be the best he can be for us, the people!!
I too live in AZ and am disgusted at McCain's behavior. He's waged his own war against our Pres and we're now seeing what he really is...
Aww the lil songbird puppet.  Spewing more bs.  How quaint.
Stand up for the people not Putin's puppet. We Demand answers into Russia collusion!
How about saying that you will support Trump! He is the head of your party!
Yeah, and your party is more important than your constituents!
If you don't support the president you must go away.   No one wants to hear you spew your loser agenda.  Please retire!!
How to undermine our president. Seems to be your favorite topic along with obstruction and lesks
McCain you are a treasonous traitor and should be in the DemonCrap party.
Interesting article in the Onion about Sen McCain saying little about corruption in GOP. Why so quiet on what you know is wrong?
Excuse me if you know this and we're going for sarcasm - The Onion is satire not real news.
I know however it does raise a good question doesn't it?
RESPECT HIM. DON'T FEED THE UNKNOWN WITH NO PROOF AND FUEL ALL THESE MAINSTREAM OUTLETS TO FILL YOUR POCKETS. GROW BALLS!!
Stand for his agenda because his agenda is what we the people want. If not become a liberal R close already. #not needed.Pres got u elected
When you decide to stand up for we the people get back to us. Tired of give me airtime McCain and Graham. Please retire today
Mccain and graham, the Bobblehead  twins
Um, Senator, that's Fix "News".
Fox News is an evil propaganda outlet that brainwashes Americans into being paranoid hateful extremists. Don't waste your time #impeachTrump
Get on board and support our President or get out of the way. You are only serving yourself not your country
Your daughter has more balls them you do. And from what I understand all of us do not agree with all of your shenanigans. Poor Meghan.
You're bullshit. Impeach now!
Thanks for the warning.   Have no intention of listening to you & your obstructionist ways.  RESIGN/RETIRE I don't care which one just leave
Sorry, Sen. McCain. I wish I could. Partisan Politics has eroded my faith in our Govt.  I can't bear to watch you be a shill for the GOP.
Are you kidding. Most of us conservatives want him out
you are a shameful man!
You sittingas a republican who supports the country or a democrat. Pls make it plain
Why Fox? Why not a journalism station? Some place that reports factual news?
Fox is the only honest news ststion
Fox is the only honest news station.  All the rest are reporting fake news!!!
If you say so. I stopped watching in the 1980's when they started using "people are saying" as if that were a verifiable source. It isn't.
All hot air. No thanks.
Pres trump. We are ready to push forward to go after people like yourself. Never trumpers. That fuel no there there. Be a damn man.
If you were on any other network besides Fox, I would
No one watches Fox news anymore.....MSNBC has taken #1.  
Wonder why?
Because people like their brand of bullshit better
Are you GOP or a Dem today?
You need to figure witch side your on ! People or Swamp !
in Diner all people I spoke with are with the President not the Elites like yourself. They are the middle class and loyal.Stop going against
Your voice has become irrelevant, thank you for your service now go away
Maybe you could restore some dignity to the network and ask them, why the promote the fake Seth Rich story. Worthy of discussion i think
Fake News. No integrity. Go somewhere real and answer some real questions.
Wish Tillerson was there. I am  PO from NY my Dad was a Det and mu uncle was Harbor Patrol. We went to Detroit to buy a car yesterday and in
I denounced Trump when he denounced you, sir and that is more than you have done.  Talk is real cheap but actions show honor integrity
If you are not talking impeachment then don't bother speaking
waste of time. they don't deal in reality
See if you can actually take a stand against @realDonaldTrump and not just throw out some platitudes. #CountryOverParty
Gonna talk about ending the Never-Ending Regime-Change Wars? The Hypocrisy of our Alliance with Saudi Arabia? Funding of Terrorists?
Why don't you try spending time with a trustworthy new source?
Please talk about potentially illegal arms deal? Arming big supporters of terrorism also killing Yemeni civilians? And 45's kickback $?
