yep. Trump/Putin war against Ukraine now. Having Trump in office gives them the go ahead.
You're absolutely clueless in what's going on in Ukraine!!
Ukrop fascist shelling civilians daily in the Donbass!
No you are clueless. Stop throwing insults, are you in kindergarten?
You're a typical ignorant dumbass....i doubt much you could even point to Ukraine on a World map!
You sound angry and scared. The only reason you would attack me is because you're afraid. Of what?
If you really want to learn about the Donbass conflict...you can start by watching
"Roses Have Thorns" series of vids on YouTube
I will do so. Thank you
Apologies for abusing you....it's just having read so many tweets with people so unaware of the truth and what is really going on
"The shelling soon spread south to Mariupol, a key government-held city..."  @SenJohnMcCain A Ukrainian Govt held city, in Ukraine, huh?
Complicated bro, has to do with state admin temporarily moving to Mariupol after Donetsk was captured by Russkies
This really IS complicated. @Metjohn123 I'm trying to understand the forces at play here. It feels less than legit.
Please elaborate my friend? Maybe we can work through some of it together. I'm largely ignorant, but trying as well.
So many moving parts, not sure where to begin.  @Metjohn123 The timing seems incredibly "off" to me.
Start w basics: 
1) Think Trump is a Russian puppet? and/or
2) Think FSB has goods on Trump?
3) Think Trump is compromised? 
 @Metjohn123
Dunno if DT is puppet vs actively working w/ Putin, but a *heckuva* lot of coincidences even if you're not a conspiracy theorist
I'm not a Conspiracy guy, & I do agree there's lots of coincidence. @Metjohn123 I also don't see Trump as honorable; thus corruptible.
all the libs are singing ur praises as u can see by their post. The Conservatives spoke with our votes!
that's sad that you can't call a spade a spade. Let go of the political parties and wake up!
i didn't say Republican I said Conservative there IS a difference sad u don't know that.
conservative, liberal , republican , democratic.. all labels. Enough. We are all Americans
so you say we are one so then you agree 100% with me on protecting #Israel, #ProLife , #SmallGov?
I don't think anyone's views or beliefs should be forced upon any of us.
exactly there will always be conservative and liberal views.So see we are different in thought.
oh my. Yes different but neither of our beliefs should be against the law.
How bout them articles of impeachment?
@SaysSheToday @washingtonpost @rudygiulianiGOP @KellyannePolls thrump suragates are all putin puppets #russianmafia #crooked
THank you for that.  Now please be a part ofthe process that stops these madmen from destroying the world.
@pierpont_morgan @washingtonpost
and he turned off recorder during call with Putin. Why aren't more people in GOP concerned about this?
You voted for Tillerson: Putin's Stooge as Secretary of State, you don't have a moral leg to stand on
McCain, TY for fighting for what is right and just-you are a patriot. No on DeVos, btw. Stand 4 children!
What are you going to do? What does the Republican Party even stand for? Because I honestly don't know.
keep the focus on #trumprussia #impeachtrump
It's Amazing how your followers are growing among'st Democrats, you are a traitor to your party, and Country.
just like you turned on your Country as a POW, you know what I Mean " little Prince ".
The one & only person Trump never insults & always defends is Putin. Why? What does he have on Trump??
...and? Might it be time to object to and resist the lunacy?
So true
Maverick acting like Milk toast! You voted all the Swamp Monsters In!
Why don't you do something?  Are you willing to try to stop either Putin or Trump?
@JoniBaechler @washingtonpost So DO SOMETHING. Jesus anyone can tweet. Help save your damn country.
Are you planning to get the traitor out of the WH, Senator?
many many many are behind you on this. Proceed legally of course. But proceed. 
You've got be kidding. Putin is his pal.
The national security of this country is at risk. DT must be watched carefully.
senator, you seem a reasonable person #DumpDevos and hold the values of USA Democracy and the world at risk
Clearly you see where his allegiance lies. How can you support him in anything he does?  Do something, please.
violated the border with Germany in an unprovoked attack against German troops and civilians.  /2
September 1 1939: "According to Reichsministry hostilities began today when Polish troops /1
pick ur battles; make russia enemy or ISIS? we need a partner for ISIS first then worry abt russia @SenJohnMcCain @washingtonpost
what are you going to do about it?
Senator, there must be more sanctions on Russia. Also, watch @POTUS carefully. .
Sorry but McCain is too busy supplying weapons to ISIS in Syria.
Please continue to stand up for our nation! This has spun out of control!
Please stop lying and spread lies, the escalation was started by Ukraine.
Vladmir, that makes no sense.
, John, it does.
The Furher has ordered our forces to defend the Fatherland." /3

@Emmie_Elle @washingtonpost getting your SCOTUS, repealing ACA are.more important than saving the USA? Traitors one & all sad
Your Fascist Ukrainian militias have been shelling the civilians of the Donbass daily for last 2.5 years!
McCain you are a disgrace. The enemy is the left. Destroy the enemy. Focus on that & #MAGA
what are you doing about any of it? nothing, obviously.
they want to and that's a big if. He has to follow protocol. Don't condemn the
he could have voted against tillerson.
smells like vile sulfur that just came out of the depth of Hades itself.
unknown to us
if that's true, why vote for tillerson, who is a known friend to Russia?
John McCain is not dumb. He doesn't like Russia. He's knows what he's doing.
"Trust, but verify." What exactly IS he doing?
You should resign.  Your last 10yrs have been a disgrace.If u were 1/2 as hard on BHO u would have won !!!!!
coincidence?
Nazis V Old Communists,  there are no goodies in the Ukraine conflict only people that hate
innocent civilians 
I have been told there are none, only warring factions of all ages and sexes, anyone can leave
and leave how go where?
The fighting area is not huge Russian speakers to the Russian area Ukraine are in Ukraine
this is a man that @realDonaldTrump told @oreillyfactor that he admires just last week.
McCain your Ukrainian Nazi friends will not last long.
Are you surprised? - Putin didn't help Trump win the election without expecting something in return.
The only help Trump got was from the deranged, lying Hillary.
The only help Trump got was from deranged, lying that suckered in honest voters.FIXED
You've just insulted more than 50% of voters.
Much, much less than 50% of voters, no matter how you count them.
In that case lying Hillary got even less than Trump.
Nice try, Comrade.
It's for his own good.
cannot be trusted fake news why do you tweet such garbage
..do you think #trump has the balls to stand up to his best buddy?
@PostOpinions Thank you, Sen McCain!  Pls keep White House's feet to the fire (not torture!) re Russia!!
senator, show your leadership skills and lead @GOP to the correct actions!
So STAND UP AND DO SOMETHING ALREADY.
then stop towing party lines and do what you know is right! You're a hero, remember that.
@FonzoBoyz @washingtonpost Bush sworn in, all Intel ignored. Rockets fall on Iraq.
You. Need. To. Remove. Him.
C'mon Maverick. Need you to put on that uniform one last time,  to protect America from all threats foreign and domestic.
Sir, I was a strong supporter of your bid in 2000. We disagreed on policy in 2008, but I never feared a McCain Presidency.
No one feared you would grab and fire and alienate and sabre-rattled against our allies. You KNOW this isn't right.
Please stand firm. Use all your power. You know this wrong. WE know a McCain presidency never would have looked like this.
Yeah cuz POTUS is Putins puppet! Duh
and how many of his annihalist cabinet members have you voted against? Oh, right. None.
Seems like you and @LindseyGrahamSC are the only #GOP left who haven't caught #Trumpitis.  THANK YOU

 @washingtonpost
A NO vote on DeVos might put Trump on notice to heed some guidance from the Senate. Please consider that.
trumpputin is a putinpuppet.
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost keep approving all his nominees though.
if only you were on a position to do anything about it, Senator...
How can you tell the Russian agents in the WH, Senate? 
A: They have (R) by their names. "R" is for Russian
How does this deceitful scum get to crap all over the Oval Office every day ? He's up to his neck with Putin.
thank you Senator McCain 4 standing up 4 what is right 4 our Country. We don't always see eye 2 eye but I stand by you now.
McCain, you HELPED make this happen. What would your dad say? My dad knew your grandfather you disgraceful, sorry man.
why r u not out in front of Congress right now screaming at anyone who will listen. Oh right u don't listen
what are you & rest of senate/house going to DO about it?? Can't let @realDonaldTrump fall into putin's arms
DO SOMETHING THEN!!!!
what meaningful action will you take against Trump. It's going to take more than tweets
People are dying because of his poor decisions. He needs to go. NOW.
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost It sure would be nice if Senator John McCain reclaimed his spine.
Do something about this, Mr. McCain. You have children and grandchildren, don't you?
Appears our President is more interested in the ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice that Russian Aggression
You are a sorry excuse for a patriot.  Tired of you using your POW card in order to say whatever you want.
complete the Russian investigation and save our country. You're an American hero.
Sen. McCain, I trust you as a voice of reason. Please investigate and help to get rid of Bannon and Flynn.
You are free to draft articles of impeachment to help your House colleagues out with this
And yet you voted to confirm Tillerson.  You lost your moral high ground, and a lot of respect. Blood on your hands too.
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost Democrats and Republicans, all Americans of sound mind, are thankful we have the great patriot @SenJohnMcCain
Lifting the oil foreign $ disclosure day Tillerson confirmed
@badgirl_loony @washingtonpost I'm surprised he hasn't sent in troops to help Vladimir.  Is there oil in the Ukraine?
Nope.
How many of Trumps cabinet so far have ties to Russia. It's not only Bannon running our country now
Please help us from this madman
please keep investigating ties between the current admin and Russia.  The world and  Americans are watching. We need a hero!
do something about it, Senator.
No sympathy John, the @GOP let this vile man put his urine stained hands on our democracy
SO WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT!!! I have family that Proudly Serve this country. What are you going to do??!!
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost Hey, maybe do something. Opposing all of his unqualified cabinet picks.
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost Do something! C'mon already!
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost Mr. Senator, I am begging you to get together with your Republican allies and step in here. Plz!
The fool Trump doesn't seem to understand Alaska will be next.
so glad to see that more people are paying attention to the trump/Putin connection - impeachment now!!
and what have you done?
How does that go? "You should not just be for the right or left, but for what is right over the wrong." #Act
Show some balls and spine:  Vote NO to Billionaire Betsy Devos
please tell us you are working with your party to take action and save our democracy.
@PostOpinions thank you for highlighting this - it is an absolute disgrace. My prayers go out to Ukraine.
ummm soooo what are you doing about it?!?! Help us!!!!
Thank you. I emailed you last week that Repub leaders need to address a possible war. U just started the conversation
@Willie_American @washingtonpost especially knowing he cut off recorder he knew
#IMPEACH #StopPresidentBannon

please Senator do something about it, get your fellow Republicans and STAND UP! Your country NEEDS you
Yeah... we know. Other than some lip service, what have YOU done about it?! Voters are WOKE AS HELL.
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost McCain, stand a deliver (us), sir!
What are you going to do about it, besides Tweet?  Got a plan?  Anything?
All of you are complicit with traitor Trump unless you impeach him and Bannon.
McCain, did you suffer in a POW camp to enable this POS?  You must have courage left.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?  You voted for Tillerson!  You are just as bad.
@AndyRichter @washingtonpost New rule only post what politicians actually Doooooo
Didn't you vote yes for Rex Tillerson?
@AkilahObviously @washingtonpost Senator, you know he is a traitor m. Remove him for the sake of the country.
Please do not confirm Jeff Sessions. If you do we know you are not serious about investigating Russian hackers.
thank you Senator MaCain for having a backbone when the rest of the republic party has none.
And opponents keep getting killed by putin while Trump loosens sanctions and lets russians inside.
and what do you suggest fellow senators do? It can't be sit by and watch.
not sure he cares what the russians do in ukraine
IMPEACH HIM!
How's the investigation going?
wouldn't have happened if our government didn't go and try to destabilize their government
Trump is a traitor to our country.
Maybe if you didn't endorse him, or continue to endorse him, Speak up about the cyber sanctions being lifted.
@JRehling @washingtonpost congress. For the love of God will you republicans do something to free American from this hell?
@JRehling @washingtonpost Actually that's not all. There is also the fact that Russia was informed of eased sanctions before
@JRehling @washingtonpost in a Russian oil company, in the exact amount Trump was promised if he eased sanctions.
@JRehling @washingtonpost officials investigating election interference. Lastly, there was an anonymous purchase of shares
@JRehling @washingtonpost Trump just eased sanctions on Russia, after all this. He's also threatening to fire intel
Mean while a Russian sympathizer is the Sec. of State and sanctions are being rolled back on Russia. Nice work John.
who didn't see that coming?
YOU brown-nosed 'Putin's Pet President' now in the WH.  GOP made this mess, they can Impeach and clean it up.
Thank-you for positing this. But your party is siding with treason. Is it patriotic to help them?
@washingtonpost
Be a MAN, Senator, Be a MAN!
talk is cheap, Senator. What are you going to do?
Senator McCain, why is he removing sanctions??? Where is your tough investigation into the hacking?
.@SenJohnMcCain You voted for Tillerson, "rockets fall on #Ukraine" #traitor @washingtonpost
russian tanks/urals on the move towards frontlines. will be hell tonight @jeffreybacic @washingtonpost
@12sec317 @washingtonpost And isn't it peculiar that the Treasury Dept just "amended" sanctions?
. @SenJohnMcCain @MENA_Conflict foolishness.  a minor uptick in the fighting suggests notion.  Russia isn't moving in divisional strength.
senator, you wanted to be president. This is your chance to be a true LEADER who will be remembered. #impeach
for the love of God, Senator. This has to stop.
Well, you keep enabling trump and supporting all his picks, so why not!!
Because I really can't believe y'all took on this job to screw over the country. Why are you letting this happen?
Serious question: Is it the off-shore bank accts, or money accepted by donors that Reps are being bribed with? Or???
DOOOOOOO SOMETHING Sen McCain DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SOMETHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey maybe you shouldn't have rubber stamped Tillerson smart guy.
COME ON MCCAIN? When will u step up & protect us?
so why did you allow Tillerson a free ride?  When are you going to put America First?
your beloved RFERL called it a Ukrainian offensive
please investigate #trump #flynn  #Putin #russia ties, tax returns #russiahacking & form coalition 2 standup
Do something please.
You voted in Putin pals to lead our country.  And now you insinuate that something is fishy???  DO SOMETHING!
You've got to call for impeachment! You'll have tremendous support from citizens
US policy is encouraging Putin, threatening states from Estonia to Bulgaria, former satellites. #resist
John, thanks for the tweet - it's really helping...
Talk is empty, Action is needed to stop this madman that I and 3 mil others did not vote for!!
Every former Soviet Republic and Iron Curtain state is currently under threat.
if only there was something a Senator could do about it.
it takes more than reading. U need to be finding out how Russia got the names of the ones tht gave US info
Senator McCain, please #resist. We know you care about Americans of all parties.
do something.
its on you, McCain. Can you sleep at night?
Putin sees Trump as weak and will act accordingly
Yet, you support #Trumplorable. Where is your #backbone? #America before #Trumplorable, #Russia_First
When are you all going to do something or say something more that a Tweet??
Either something nefarious is up, or it isn't. You're in a position to do something. Have some courage.
Until you ACT, your words of concern mean absolutely nothing.
How can we help the Ukraine? Don't you know we're getting ready to invade Mexico, Iran, + Australia?
Do something about it sir... Please. Do something to this man before he destroys the country we hold so dear.
Only one way to fix this mess and you have a duty to stand up and do so. You took an oath to the Constitution, not the GOP!
That's right. And those of you impositions of leadership have a duty to stop him from getting us all killed! #ImpeachTrump
Yet our Secretary of State doesn't see Putin as a war criminal!!! We need a new Government! Only 4 years!
Gee, what did you expect? It wasn't a mystery to me.
.@SenJohnMcCain @DavidYankovich @washingtonpost Sen McCain you are in a position to do much more than Tweet about this!  Please act now!
It's time to do more than talk.
John it is up to you to assert the power of the Senate as co-equal with the executive branch. Now is the time
You voted for Rex Tillerson.  All talk coming from you, no action.
Obama's fault?
@MENA_Conflict @washingtonpost and yet you push through all his cabinet appointees,his co conspiring cabinet. you're no hero
Senator, I voted for you .. when will you back up your words with action?
THEN DO SOMETHING!
Uou could have crushed him a long time ago, but you haven't. Your association with him may undo your legacy.
Please stand up to this man.
hmmm. If only there were a group of elected officials who could put a stop to all this. Hmmm. #resist
Senator please lend a loud & strong voice inside 495 to bring awareness to the WH & place russia "on notice"
Senator, please do what u know in your heart is right & call to remove him from office. He's unfit & unwell.
GOP hold the keys. The responsibility for all this is in your hands now. Own it.
Do something
