Show us how a true war hero acts and stand up to the MSM and tell them to report news not assumptions. It is destroying this country
It has been proven that there was no collusion and no evidence that Russia effected the election. Protect our rights, stop the unmasking
R u taking a dive on #impeachtrumpnow bc of the job ur wife was promised by this administration? How much was ur patriotism worth per year?
re: health care bill. why won't you push to conduct public hearings on it?
Another box of chicken.
When the media  company's loose the faith of the general public,they go out of business, media you are to watch politics not shape get right
Can you find a way to say, give us eveidence or be gone, we don't have time to listen to cOMEY complain about getting fired!
Just a note, John....nobody likes you because you are a traitor to conservative principles!
I am a constituent When will you start acting like a Republican @GOP & support @realDonaldTrump? I am throughly disgusted by your behavior
Healthcare? In secret?No hearings?No open debate?Tax women by making us pay more 4 adequate screenings?punishment for having uterus &breasts
Why have you 2x now interrupted Sen. Harris during her questioning of witnesses at the Sen Intelligence Comm. Hearings, esp when not member?
Why do you find it necessary to keep Kamala Harris from asking questions? Didn't hear you attempt to stop your male colleagues?
Why are you only offended by Senator Harris' attempts to get an answer from Sessions? You don't get to chastise her. Advise him to ANSWER.
Sorry I don't care to hear ur fluff you have NO idea what real Americans deal with, ur WAY OUT OF TOUCH! go AWAY
#BuildThatWall
Long live, God bless you  you John McCain
Best regards
No matter your personal problems with Trump, as a military man where's your respect and protection for POTUS
Does it have anything to do w/your wife's new appt. You would think after what Bush Jr did to you in S Carolina, you'd take pause b4 playing
How are sanctions effective when allies and axis of evil still trading with Russia , infect German and France increased their trade 40%
Each side is unwilling to work together on anything, so what gets done,nothing then we spend time listening to a fired person smear his boss
I'm sad to say that the only way we can work together is to remove everyone on office and start over!  The lines are draw and each side
Used to defend and respect you. Let me get this straight. Trump shames you as POW, you kiss his ring and offer up your wife? #growapair #wow
My Q: how will you protect us from repeal and replace efforts happening in secret? At least delay the vote until the plan is vetted.
What is the evidence of Russian collusion when Obama admin still in control of intelligenc
Interesting tactic to make it first thing in the morning where your constituents live & not on their lunch hour.
SHAME ON YOU, JOHN MCCAIN. YOU ARE PROOF THAT ANYONE CAN BE BOUGHT FOR THE RIGHT PRICE. AMERICA SEES THE REAL YOU!
Maybe McCain helped that shooter today. Both on the same wave length
Why are you a traitor
When are you going to stop your witch-hunt on our president? I voted for you for president and for senate. I think you are unfair with him.
maybe they're your address why you interrupt kamila Harris I look forward to the Facebook meeting Jon
You were admired for your bipartisan works & now you're just another Stump lackey. Shame on you! # sellout#aslongasmywifegetsajob
You John Mccain are one of those that promote hate.
Why are you still supporting Trump?
Nope! You're done! Enjoy your impending unemployment!!!
How about firing the special prosecutor. He is a crony of Comey and will not conduct fair investigation.
and the Impeachment of OUR @POTUS! 63 Million Americans voted for him! Get over it!
and leaving huge messes that are destroying our fragile Sonoran Desert?NO! You are obsessed with #FIveEyes your Rogue IC friends
strangled by Obamacare NO or about the Drug Cartels in Phx?! The illegals and AntiFa target practicing in the desert
Your complete lack of interest in anything about Arizona except @LukeAFB F-35s and your VETS! Do you care about Arizonans being
On @facebook NOT in person Be ready sir! Arizonans are NOT very happy with you! Your world travels comments about the President
Why are a traitor to the Republic?
Show me the President you hoped to be.   You didn’t win yet you have the opportunity to lead our Nation.  If you step up Sir we will follow
Time to sponsor a resolution to stop the witch hunt. The whacko birds have been allowed to run loose long enough.
You owe Senator Harris an apology.
When will you get serious with how the trump administration is degrading our country.The Russian hearings are a joke for you Republicans,
are you ever gonna choose country over party?? I'm your constituent and a Veteran... Pretty simple right??
Please retire.
Why are you too scared to do a Townhall?
I can't believe you sold out to Trump. Although I'm not a republican I had respect for you. Not anymore.
Are you going to support the Trump agenda and REPEAL Obamacare???? That's what people really want to know!
A "live" townhall? Will U stay awake?
Will you stand for the people against partisan pressures if it looks like Trump is engaged in harmful or unfit behavior & endangers country?
Request- please retire!
If POTUS is found to have obstructed justice, will you support impeachment?
I am not available Thurs @ 9 but my ? is simple. Will you be supporting AHCA and taking coverage from Arizonans?
Do you have courage snd strength to ask for conflict of interest by mueller. Time to really represent Americans not lobbyist
Traitor
Stay off social media.
How do you feel about 45 tweeting about Quatar being a terrorist enabler when we have soldiers stationed there?
I'm tired of you not having the President's Back. You need to talk to those who spread Lies and Hate! Waters, Schumer, Pelosi!
Q.: Why did you cut off @KamalaHarris 2X during comte hearings where you were a guest, not a member? Only helped witnesses to stonewall.
When can we read the Senate healthcare bill?
I hope your daughter will be there with you! The way you're acting is disturbing towards Republicans!
Tired of all the empty promises and all the GD lying!   Republicans sold out our country!  Traitors!!!
Will you prevent discrimination against ppl w pre-existing conditions? Trumpcare's written now in secret - we need a spotlight on this!
What is Congress doing about the administration's MANY RU connections?
No thank you. I am ashamed of the way you have acted toward the president. No way do I care what you have to say.
Do you or do you not believe that Trump is working directly with Putin?
The album drops on July 4th: "To #Russia with Love."
Diamondbacks game tonight, I 'll pass on tomorrow am jibberish.
I rather take out the garbage or moe anyone's lawn. I would do mine if I had one. Retire and move to Russia
Recent history shows that a strong woman with persistent questions gets little more than a "shush" & "be polite" out of you. Thx but no thx
I'm greatly dissapointed you wife is joining the Trump circus. What happened to you?
No thank you. You're a tremendous Do-nothing disappointment
So tRUMP bought you with a job for your wife?
Show your face in your district for live UNSCREENED questions.
Isn't it time you retired? Every appearance, you seem less coherent. Maybe you should get evaluated for dementia or Alzheimer's.
Why can't we have a law that requires 10 yrs of minimum public/govt. service before running 4 presidency? Will stop lunatics like Trump.
Would have shot Obama down also.
WHAT? @SecretService
Obama was elected to the Illinois Senate in 1996. Idiot.
Do you understand what public service is? Or your brain fails to recognize logical understanding?
will do no good u going to do what you want any way insurance and we have no clue that's not right it builds hate on both sides 8% approval
Sir, I have been too disappointed in you lately to join you. Check your male privilege and listen to intelligent women before it's too late.
Why do you keep interrupting K. Harris?
What's your position on the new healthcare plan?

Will you #answerthequestion ? Or stonewall like #jeffsessions oh and wtf was that scolding @SenKamalaHarris what bullshit was that
1. Why aren't you campaigning for Mo Brooks ? 2. How many countries do you want us to attack?
Congrats on finally getting the Russian sanctions bill through the Senate, Senator!
Why is your wife accepting the ambassadorship and why was it offered? To silence you?
When will the Senate subpoena @realDonaldTrump R's business and personal tax returns?!
irrelevant. maga
Only someone in denial would write any of what you just posted. @realDonaldTrump has never made anything great, and he owe Russians billions
The women of McCain town hall meeting. Do not allow a man to silence your voice. Your voice is equal and important for our great nation.
No I need to hear patriotic promises that we are going to be alright. Very few fit that bill now.
John I am a register Democrat. Thank you for your service and for always standing for the truth and for our Values
So is John a dem.
I've got a question @SenJohnMcCain why did you try to silence @SenKamalaHarris at two hearings that you aren't even a member of?
What she said 
In the past some of us voted for you and now we have no idea why.  Like president or not you as senior GOP need to support and not be a dem
I'll ask mine now.  Why are you not retired?
When are you retiring?
When Arizonans vote him out
Get on the trump train so GOP don't loose in 2018.  A man of your age and experience should not do the things you do
I'm very disappointed in you. You caved.
Hope you slept well last night.
When will Congress start putting Americans' interests -- healthcare, gun control, environment -- before their own?
One word: never.
No thanks, moved way beyond you.
Not doing it, you are too much of a Dem/Liberal for me to have any respect for.
You once were and now you arent. Sad really. Didnt Dirty Harry say a man's got to know his limitations?
I'm done with listening to lip service let us know when you will actually stand up & take action sir
When are you going to retire so a fresh competent person could represent you constituents .  When are you getting on the TRUMP train.
Hopefully you will announce your retirement
Why...to listen to your nonsense
You sir are disappointing
When are you going to admit you are senile and resign?
Hope someone asks u about your relationship with terrorists in Syria. I'll stay tuned.
Question- what happens if you are  unmasked? By @realDonaldTrump
Will you discuss the bill draft content of the senate AHCA? And your wife's new job?
Will you be coherent?
