STAND UP FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Because you don't teach people how to hack so they can't protect themselves
...and you are the only R who cares.
Your lack of strategy to deal with @realDonaldTrump has reached crisis mode.  Focus.
Our inability to stop Clapper & Hayden hacks from leaking US intel as they help McCain is a bigger threat then foreign enemy. Support @POTUS
Trump and Ryan are a bigger threat to this country than cyber attacks. Get your head out of your ass and see what is aging on.
We might start by not supporting candidates who openly call for exactly this kind of cyber attack on national tv.
Always an issue and never any meaningful action.
Well, Obama's Administration policies didn't work. Drain the Swamps.
who writes the crap you read?
Policy to deal w/cyberattacks might include telling trump to stop purchasing them from the russians.  Get a Special Prosecutor and fix it.
We have no strategy because our President thinks our voter system is "fixed" and the Russians are our friends!
How do you think 45 got elected? DO something about it. Start with 45.
Just so you know, you have unending numbers of out of date operating systems in use. Talk is cheap.
When do you plan to deal with the traitor in the Whitehouse?
Could that be because the @gop have acted to facilitate and obscure Russian attacks against the US?
What is our strategy and policy to stop leaks of classified by political hacks from within intel community? McCain, answer!! Support @POTUS
Well well looks who's back! The Ole Maverick himself(about time)
Deterrence begins when your party decides to remove the collusion in the White House

Your lack of strategy & policy to deal with Trump's refusal to follow rule of law undermines our democracy. Help us!!!!
Maybe the internet is similar to being in a private vehichle. Expectation of privacy is not abandoned but should be realistically protected.
If we can't even sanction Russia and work with our allies to sanction Russia over attacking our elections, we are really in a sorry state.
I guess you missed Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert's press conference today as re: the Pres' EO. Why don't you try working WITH Trump.
Really? What do you really know about cyber attacks? You probably still read from books.  Please retire already.
I'm a dem who has agreed on almost everything you have tweeted on in the last four months.
Talk to the hand #JohnMccain
I think that is what Trump and russia want by having him not even acknowledge they did it.
What about Russia threatening our System of Democracy
I expect you to do everything for an HONEST Russian investigation;I care more about this than health care or any other issue!
I wish I could agree....but I'm a fan of @wikileaks and @JulianAssange .  If the gov't is making people's lives transparent, theirs should 2
How about dealing with a Russian puppet in the White House?
Follow through. Country over party. I'm counting on you to sacrifice again. Our freedom is at stake.
Our President wants to keep our computer networks  vulnerable.
If you don't call and vote for an independent investigation the you are just talk.
RETIRE!!!!!!!
Well Mr. McCain, you helped elect the President that said "nobody knows more about hacking than me", so how's that working?
And Republicans refused to pass bill to fund cybersecurity while Obama was President. So there's that.
I agree with you. Strategy! They don't just attack the government they've been attacking citizens and small business for many years.
How many years have we known this was an issue? 10? 

What did you do about it then?
Sir. The chair is against the wall!
@SenJohnMcCain do any of you realize what just happened yesterday?  Russians being invited into Oval Office along with Russian camera crew
And without any American oversight...no one but Trump. This is absolutely treasonous and GOP's are not saying a word about this. This action
Well you've been in office for how long? If it's still an issue..... ummm says DC hasn't done much
demcain, u r much more damaging to U.S. security than anything in cyberspace
That's funny because the RNC was hacked, got FBI help, and crisis averted.  How about nipr and sipr? Are they secure?
Senator, give me one straregy & one FP that the US has 4 the last 16 yrs including a robust cyber defense .
In 2008 U were a forerunner of @HillaryClinton campaign. Now U R tied 2 @SenSchumer let him teach U how to cry fake tears for more drama.
Besides who knows what party the trolls, info dumps or voting machine hacking might target next time. War without Bombs, is how i c it
and political will sir!
マケインさんも赤紫のようですよ。ありがとうございます。purpleは本当いろんなバリエーションがあるようです。
Can Trump be an effective leader when he doesn't believe in Russia's role and might have connections to it ?
When did you wake up from your nap?
@POTUS is a threat to our way of life. THIS is your Howard Baker moment.
Don't blow it.
What happened to Trumps promise to help in first 30 days
You voted to confirm Sessions.  You are responsible for Trump undermining the Russia investigation.  Is this the legacy you want?
Pl release Innocent Dr Aafia Siddiqui. After all Pakistan gave u back a Killer Raymod Davis
