Wish John had a fraction of the compassion shown here that he lacked when voting against the American people forcing them to keep obamacare.
That was a show of compassion and his record and his character is unmatched in the Senate and congress!
Songbird had to be Pardoned by Nixon for his war crimes.
I have the utmost respect for our military but with John's actions towards our president as senator he could not be more dis-respectful.
Senator McCain would not be where he's at had it not been for riding the coattails of his Admiral Dad.
I really think you should do some research on J.m. Experience in the war. His job is to represent his state not the president!
Best friend flew fighter jets same time as McCain & most didn't like him because he was a screwup then and still is. TERM LIMITS resolves.
Country over party
Are you going to comfort my Veteran sons and my Grandchildren because they have to pay $3,000 a year for Obamacare that they cannot afford?
Love you, John McCain.
@SenJohnMcCain  thanks for yor true and genuine  compassion
I wish he was president.
You going to offer the same comfort to the loved ones of those who die if you vote to take away there healthcare? Do the right thing, man!
Sen John McCain comforts George Soros an admitted Nazi collaborator and Antifa financier

Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner, Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From… http://statefort.com/sen-john-mccain-backed-corner-refuses-tell-authorities-got-9-million-dollars/ …
  TRAITOR
Manny Pacquaio's son was a U.S. Navy sailor??
Thank you Senator McCain for doing what our President would not.
John I know you have a heart and feel,you're an amazing man a good man don't let them taint your name for financial gain.False friends j/s
He could care less the big fake. http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ …
What is this pic about, comfort him in private, to post this is self serving at the max
Vets need Healthcare.  Where's the 'better healthcare?'
You can't make up for all the sailors' lives which you took years ago....the same as you won't be able to make up for ruining Healthcare.
Any American, Serving or not.  Deserves Health Care! 
Not Tri Care, Not Insurance.......... HEALTHCARE! 

We Take care of Ours! 

We Are One
See this is how real human beings have compassion and empathy.  This is how leaders act and he is pursuing the problem that caused it.
John Mccain is a true hero for keeping the ACA!!

Please vote NO to the bungled, written overnight healthcare plan that has again surfaced & will affect preexisting people. You were right.
As a mother who lost a son, there's no greater comfort than acknowledgement and validation of others. You're consolation is touching.
You are a great man, Sir!
Dont get to close to john mccaine..he might stab you in the back
Wonder if he'll get health care if Graham-Cassidy passes. Vote no!
Please show the same courtesy to approx 85% of ppl that oppose the new GOP HC proposal. Your vote has to be "no" so many ppl won't suffer.
Congress 202-225-3121.
The #GOP is trying to steal your healthcare again, and Senator McCain will help if you don't call now!
That is who you are, Senator. And that man cannot vote for Cassidy-Graham.
John 'I'm not a hero' McCain.  #Traitor!!
I John McCain. And those who sacrificed their live for our freedom.
McCain needs to be saying "Don't let anyone in your family get sick cause I'm getting ready to vote for a death sentence for millions "
This is personal to all of us vets. We all have experienced to many of these events. God bless.
Senator McCain please repeal Obamacare
He needs to retire and go away comforting one while harming million
Prayers.
Please do the right thing with your rare position to not allow this new healthcare plan to happen. It's worse than you voted against.
Retire
I also want that he comforts all the people that will be without insurance including VETERANS. Vote NO 
God protect our service men and women and their families.
You'd never see Trump do this. John means it.
Didn't he accidently shoot up a US military ship while a pilot killing lots of people?  Please retire.
John McCain you are such a humble and kind gentleman!
out of nowhere and without warning John McCain shows compassion for a American citizen this makes me nevous is the sky falling to
McCain how about the 134 sailors you killed on the Forestall
Oh, did he comfort the 164 that died due to his reckless flying?
  #Traitor #RINO #Hypocrite
He  has been on the board and for eight years allowed Obama to destroy the military. He is ad much at fault.
McCain sold out fellow POW's This isto show he is human...He is not. think of sitting in a POW and having your sell you out to save self
Need to fire People! start at top, Chief of Naval Operations! He sets the motion and ops for training and choosing the "Leaders"..
What about the 134 American sailors MCain killed on an Aircraft carrier during Vietnam war!
@SenJohnMcCain - how about the 32million and their risk of dying by pulling out Obamacare and replaced by your TrumpCare aka:
Thousands of more sons will die if #GrahamCassidy passes. Please vote no.
COMFORT MY DAD !!! He used to love you. Traitor! :( My dad was in VIETNAM and many others I know!!!! :(
Looks nice on the surface but McCain is a fraud
Thank you for all you do mostly for how you care for others
Mccain is a fraud a phony he has done nothing after 30+ years in congress, part of the establishment should have been voted out years ago
Why didn't you have sympathy for us Americans who wanted you to join the Republican party and repeal Obamacare? aren't you in a Republican
This is the LAST person I would want that would console someone..biggest hypocrite in politics....what a shame..indeed. Sad, so sad
you're gonna be comforting a lot of grieving families if you take away their healthcare by supporting this bill
Will you comfort my kids when healthcare is denied to me because of lifetime caps?
Loose lips McCain where are the other 9 fathers? Oh oh thats right they must of been to white.
Class act.
Will you still be around to comfort the families of the people you kill when you take their insurance away?

ARIZONA VOTERS- Hearing calls to McCain's offices not high - he could be key!!! Please get everyone to make a call to call. #GrahamCassidy https://twitter.com/TheLoyalO/status/910142697297661952 …
Did he comfort the parents of the 134 service members he killed on his ship? Or the Thousands since then?
Have you consoled the families from the Forrestal? RETIRE Brutus
Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain https://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I  via @YouTube
Sad for that parent. McCain has been there 30 years.
I'd be pissed! #ManagedNeglect
McCain I got to ask as one veteran to another.. Did some of our brothers in arms dead bodies stay in Vietnam to hide the number of dead?
@SenJohnMcCain needs to continue this show of compasssion by not supporting the GOP  "healthcare" bill!
McCain....you sir are a traitor!!! #justinit4$
Nicely done
Comfort all
No #grahamcassidy
All Vets & their families 
All Armed Services
FAKE news well you are looking at a Fake senator and one that would rather lie and deceive the American people than represent them honestly
Oh please
Let's hope brain cancer isn't contagious
Stiff arming father doesnt look genuine too me.
Yet McCain refuses to hold a proper investigation of the Israeli attack on the USS Liberty.
@SenJohnMcCain this is leadership. McCain, Graham 2020!
Go resign McCain, yur time is up.....
Will u comfort my nephew also recently diagnosed with brain cancer by voting NO on Cassidy Graham?

#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
JUst another photo op for McCain to make himself look sympathetic to veterans. #joker
Millions of other sons will die if you vote yes to repeal the ACA to please your friend Graham-who will have insurance until he dies!!
Did McCains father comfort the families of the men that John killed.
I dont understand why so many hates towards John McCain. You must be proud of Trump's comments about him regarding heroism. Smh.
You are such a LIER #SenJohnMcCain.
McCain is a fraud.  Didn't vote to repeal Obamacare after 7 yrs of stating repeal and replace.  Time for him to be done.  Term limits
Also less funding for Medicare. No more premium subsidies either. You're on your own. Call your Representatives 202 224 3121.
no
#SavetheACA
Comforted him?  Oh, so this wasn't for the cameras at all right?
Did he ever give comfort to the families of the POWs he left behind?! Or the ~134 naval personnel he incinerated?!
Is your bond with Lindsey Graham stronger than your bond with the American people? Don't vote to murder us by taking away our healthcare!
@POTUS This mans earned our respect & efforts to ease his pain He just dont need it from YOU MCCAIN Ur a traitor w/no value Our Heros at UN
@johnmccain2016 Ever see 300 McCain? ALL but 1 hero perished Being RAPED by another traitor Theron r victim perished HIS LAME ASS  Cool huh?
I hope he'll be there to comfort all the vets that will lose their health care if #GrahamCassidy is passed.
Something that u WON'T DEFINITELY c Trump do..
Comforting is fine, but sir it's high time for some accountability, outside of firing these senior officers.
When's he gonna comfort the POWS families who still can't get answers because of repeated efforts to close the book on POW records in NAM?
Hopefully he wont vote to take their healthcare away & keep his word 4 regular order on healthcare @SenJohnMcCain 
 #CountryBeforeParty
watch your wallet sir
QuestionMcCain who gave u 9 million dollars can we say Soros. Coward
Give me a break!!! McCain is a fake fake fake!!!
Brownie points hahaha
The comfort is that his son died rather than require #Trumpcare for the rest of his life. @SenJohnMcCain MUST vote against overturning #ACA!
Prayers to the families. .
How about comforting Americans by STOPPING this assault on our healthcare? What this GOP is doing is so wrong.
What Mccain did to the American people should be a wake up call to Arizona stop voting this asshole in its time for him 2retire vote him out
Just A photo op!!
Must. Find out how this could happen ??
Is budget cuts responsible for poorly trained military?
So sorry for this man's loss. McCain, just gross.
.@FoxNews @SenJohnMcCain 1/2 Yes. I'd heard that the news from the Russia investigation that anyone who has participated in this coup
.@FoxNews @SenJohnMcCain 2/3 attempt will likely be barred from public office & are probably heading to prison has
.@FoxNews @SenJohnMcCain 3/3 led to many members of the House suddenly cancelling hearings & discovering they've got other things to do.
Prayers for the families who lost their loved ones in these inconceivable collisions I thank them for their sacrifice to our country
A true patriot!!! Thank you Sen Mccain for your service to this country
His disservice to healthcare has overridden his military service decades ago. How many people have suffered & died without good health care?
so what...McCain is still a traitor.
Prayers for all of those who lost loved ones in this terrible event.
That is the last person I'd want to be comforted by....in fact, I'd rather just have my fingernails pulled out one at a time.
what a phoney
Trump would never feel compassion or offer comfort. Trump a known draft dodger and racist could never understand this brown man's loss.
im betting reports read"it came out of nowhere"...ships dont just collide.
It's setup pic. They plan thisto opinion shape. He votes no repeal&replace obamacare keeping millions from HC due to high expense/deductible
Stop the horrible comments. Whatever you think of his politics, highly likely he cares about this man's loss.
That is a load of bovine scat.  He only cares about mccain and money!!!
I'm sorry you feel that way about other people.
How do you feel about Trump mom?
Did he comfort the parents of the men he caused to be left behind and, subsequently, murdered in Vietnam?
He got released with the others- he did not come home alone. Why was he recently smeared and not whe he was running with palin?
Good God. That would be the last person i would want comforting me.
I guess you would want Trump?
If the man had not been hispanic there would not have been a photo op by the great traitor McCain! Too many illegals in Az on medicaid
Like that old Fa_T cares!  McCain cares for McCain!!  Old SONGBIRD!
Instead of Judas kiss is a Judas hugh... No tks
So sorry for that man losing his son, always tragic. "Songbird" McCain is a TRAITOR! http://truthuncensored.net/john-songbird-mccain-exposed-vietnam-vets-and-pows-liar-and-fraud-video/ … Unseal the records Songbird!
Next time you are held captive 5 years and near death most of the time let us know.
This is a touching gesture, he should also embrace those parents who have had their children murdered by DACA/Dreamers!McCain is a fraud!
A phoney to the last breath!
PLEASE RETIRE @SenJohnMcCain !! You are part of the SWAMP!!
Hope he's willing to offer the same kind of comfort to the millions of Americans who'll have family members die without proper health care.
more than that sack of garbage tRump ever mustered up. No one would care if it came from the draft dodger anyway.
How utterly  & sad. :(
unfortunately the man whispered in McCains ear, "We like people not captured" and McCain went ballistic. @FoxNews
McCain knows all about this. Like when he dropped his ordinance on deck causing the death of over 100+ Sailors.
I believe, if memory serves, it was 134 good men who died for his arrogance and stupidity!!
His Daddy put him in a position he had no right being in and many young men paid with their lives.
McCains  a fraud
I don't think you would know the truth if it smacked you on the head! You just need someone to feed you what you want to hear
'Yea, I killed a few when I was in the Navy. '
Did he do the same to the families of the vets during Vietnam war?
You don't know his story, ignorance is bliss
Sadly McCain's coddling of ISIS has killed countless sos and daughters
Idiot.
Crazy grandpa at it again
A man of great empathy-

Is is fair to declare over 50million people terrorists because of their identity? Stop Nigeria military inversion against #Biafrans.
100 %John McCain He's good about War.
I do not get Mccain, was he just mad at POTUS earlier comments on him or really against agenda?  Then he does something worthy
why doesn't he comfort the syrians
McCain was never a hero. He crashed two planes in training but no problem. Daddy is a 4 star. Corrupt.
McCain the adle brained Sinator traitor. His dad or grandpa must have built the ship.
When insulting someone, especially if the insult questions his mental abilities, it's wise to spell the insulting adjective correctly.
Looks like you have a chip(bull) on your shoulder, Koba!
@SenJohnMcCain is a disgrace to his party.He let his little hurt feelings get in the way of doing the right thing for the American people.
Yeah, BTW, da fu- is going on with these collisions? They're operated largely by computer. Are we not in a cyber war with Russia?
Remember when conservatives wouldn't have tolerated a POTUS putting taxpayer $ into HIS OWN POCKETS? #ImpeachTrump
Do you know anything about all the crazed bigots that travels & stayed rent free during the Obama administration? You never wanted to know
So he cares about Americans now? #weird
NO!
I wouldn't let POS traitor McCain touch me.
McCain the traitor needs to step down and go away.  REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE YOU TRAITOR!
