Retire
you all blocked president Obama.  If he had done this you would have impeached him so fast it'd cause the capital to shake!
Time for you to be a hero again.  Stand on your own two feet and oppose Trump's agenda.  Oppose his SCOTUS choice instead of accepting it.
What don't you like about the president's SCOTUS nominee?
Too conservative.
Any specific ruling that you didn't like? Is he conservative or is he for the constitution?
Gay rights, civil rights and the rights of women to be safe in their communities and given the same opportunities as white men.
All Americans are protected under the US constitution.  Not just White men. We also have the Civil Rights Act of 1964. What's your concern?
Are you fucking kidding me?  Women and minorities are suppose to be protected but they are not and Trump is eroding those rights.
It's in the constitution... Where are you getting your information? Give me an example.
why are all of you so happy?  Because pres. Trump broke with the constitution and made decision without senate?
#2214day_Observation #RussiaGamesAgain Pretend you are going to get what you have been demanding, aka #Bait_and_switch #NeverForget #Aleppo
nope nope nope. Trump is a threat to our country
I am fairly certain McConnell is a barely contained racist from watching how much he detests Obama,  But you? You're better!
GO AWAY!

It would be a great thing, but I have my doubts when Trump still cannot bring himself to say a single critical word about Russia.
NO WAR! Stop advocating for the deaths of millions!
...but it's ok to watch Assad, Russia and Iran slaughter Syrians to prop up an illegitimate dictator? 
Sometimes force is the answer.
The US is supporting terrorists on the ground and pushing Yemen into starvation for millions of children. Pay attention to what is happening
No, the US is not.
The FSA is not ISIS and if you can't bother to learn the factions involved, you shouldn't be commenting on them.
Have you checked how many times FSA directly fought hands in hands with ISIS and al-Qaeda against USA's enemy, the Syrian gov?
Have you checked how often the FSA has fought against ISIS and Al Nusra?
This is a multi-sided conflict.
even if true, the area where t alleged attacks took place is held by an offshoot of Al Qaeda
Idlib also happens to be the home of many Syrians who have fled the Assad government.  Secondly, hospitals are still hospitals.
WE DO NOT WANT ANOTHER WAR.
How am I personally responsible for any of this? That is quite the accusation to throw out there.
Do you mean Senator that more action less politics ? U guys have the power 2 nock Putin and his surragtes in #Iran and #Syria down .
I know that Obama left u guys w/ a big mess in the ME, but u have the power 2 clean it and the time has come now ..
Leaders Senator make history otherwise they r not leaders ..
And #Syria , #Iran , #Yemen and the rest of the story ..
Because of bush & chaney we lost 1000's of young Americans & 1000' of innocent Iraq's.
And the start of volcanic erruption in the Middle East ..
You are right on that,I'v said that all along.
Does that mean more sanctions on Russia or is Trump still going to remove sanctions for this other Crazy Dictator?
ABSOLUTELY, NOW YOUR SPEAKING LIKE A REPUBLICAN BACKING HIS PREZ!
Trump is no President and this is not a pivotal point.  He is a sham, a charlatan and you are supporting this dangerous man.
I agree but the show at the airport was stupid.  It did nothing but stir a pot and create more havoc in the world.
Why is everything about you have to be violence? You need prayers......thank God you never became president of the United States.
#StopTrump2StopPutin 
#StopPutin2StopAssad
#StopAssad2StopIran
#StopIran2StopISIS
getREAL #TrumpRussia
What does he care except.to kill?
You have no alliegence to nation McCain
He STILL believes that DJT cares about his opinion.Fascinating.
Stop with blaming President Obama already. We have a nightmare on our hands living in the White House now- do something about that
What blood-thristy arseholes are running in our world! - For #Syria we can truly say that without #Russia it would today be run by #ISIS.
hey "songbird " there already is a no fly zone in Syria it is called s400 and it is for US and Nato
#iraq #syria #SyriaStrikes #Trump
Ten bring up the issue of Russia. You're one of the few on the Hill with common sense. Use it!
Then
don't trust this guy even a little...
You think now that he finally started bombing somebody he is a good president?!
Not when he himself made ignoring rules of engagement a policy, and got dozens of kids killed himself?
Not when he was calling women too fat on the internet? Not when he was trolling actresses about their love lives? Not his fraud settlements?
Not when nearly his entire staff were meeting with russian spies? Not when he allied himself with white nationalists?
coward
Good change from problematic. #DelayedGorsuchVote until after #investigation. President under criminal Investigation. What was your hurry?
Perceived weakness invites agression,  This was the right thing to do.  AMERICA is NOT weak and we can prove it!
Unlike This President Obama Sought Congress Approval Before Airstrikes And Congress Said No
Hypocrites
Don't be a warmonger.
North Korea is China's problem,  we made our point with Syria, right or wrong don't use nerve gas, that is the point, so we are good for now
you really valuing US reputation and values
You make me sick.
The  irony in all this is that the war criminals are calling others war criminals while being oblivious to their own heinous war crimes
Mr Senator, like Afghanistan, Syria is likely to become another never ending & unfinshed venture for the US.
I cannot believe Barry Manilow is gay!!
Needed a more international response; this unilateral action should be last resort and have a long term strategic plan...is there one?
You know Trump is and will always be immature, narcissistic and fraudulent.
Please retire now...pretty please
This is a schizophrenic about face that will change again tomorrow. Stand up to this man!!!
How about you speak on legit news not the liars on @FoxNews? How about a town hall?! Do you hear us at all?! Do your job!!
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews 

●PLSREADME⚘■
POTUS🕆STAY🕆THE COURSEMAGAMCCAIN, YOU R SO AGST POTUS IT HURTS TO SAY A NICE COMMENT
and he will still ban the refuges so praise him for listening to McMasters but he is no president of mine
Well you got your way warmonger! More money made on stocks of military equipment you own!
No thanks to you you need to get behind the president or retire
YOU ARE INSANE! LOOKS LIKE MOST AMERICANS ARE TOO IF THEY ALLOW THIS
Not authorized by Congress, didn't the strike have to be?  He is dangerous and you are doing nothing to stop him.  God help us all.
We have N Korea to deal with.
You are incredibly blood thirsty for such an old coot.
I hope you are happy now, but you better be on guard, and hope no Russians were killed or wounded.
Oooo he started a war. Let the cowboys dance in the streets. Typical republican garbage.
Why don't you just change your party affiliation and be honest. Don't claim to be a GOP then act like a Dem. Retire already.
Bullshit
You supported armed and funded ISIS this Chem attack was done by ISIS. How do you sleep at night knowing millions are dead bcuz of you
McCain:  "I'll like Trump again if he murders Assad's people like HRC's boss and mine in Riyadh commands us to urge."
You need to ship up, this is not a political football for you to toss around
You need to be put in prison, urgently.
Q's: McCain
Why did you have secret visits to Syria recently?
Why does this reporter report Chemical Attack BEFORE it happens?
@TGowdySC
Russia will #STFU when Ukraine enters NATO. (please excuse my French, sir) .@SenJohnMcCain
Simmer down Tonto ! We're not looking for war, were looking for resolve through negotiations and the application of sanctions. Will it work?
DONT TRUST MCCAIN!
Who gives a you know what about trumps legacy this isn't about trump this is about innocent children being slaughtered.
Wow if McCain is for attacking Syria then it must be a shit idea. That Democrat never cares who dies as long as he wins
don't count on it. Trump will disappoint.
I am sure McCain is wetting his pants over this!!!
McCain LOVES murder
Amen 
Really don't trust him
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/850067119916146690 …
Mr. McCain, US is only needs willingness. Doing nothing is sign of betrayal to humanity

Obama wanted to do something but everyone including u said no. Now all of a sudden your in. 1st American body bag is on u.
STOP Warmongering, McCain! We don't want war w/ Syria! Highly unlikely it was Assad! Rebel false flag. #SyrianHoax
We should work together now that we have a republican sexual predator narcissist in office? Actions speak louder than words
Just keep talking out of both sides of your mouth. You have zero credibility.
Fucking Maniac needs hospitalization
It's over you had your moment and you lost. Retire and spare us your BS.
@realDonaldTrump #songbird gassed the kids, not Assad! Retaliate against McCain, not Syria!!
I thought a pivotal moment in history was the time you backed the man who made fun of you for being captured. You disappoint me. You all do
@SenJohnMcCain represents progressive policy on Syria the useless Western progressives should have, you have a big problem.
Going to war is not a good thing, nor pivotal, nor will it change @realDonaldTrump from being the idiot he is.
U obviously know more than everyone else. Who were u meeting over there several weeks ago?
The Syrian people and humanity will remember what you have done and keep doing for them.
Thank you for trying to save the children of Syria.
Thank you Senator McCain so much for being a voice for the oppressed Syrians. We appreciate your support against Assad.
Please don't encourage this president to take military action. He has no impulse control, is ignorant of foreign affairs & lies, lies, lies.
World war advocate @SenJohnMcCain is pushing more war. Shocker.
There is no need for more US troops fighting and dying for globalists.  We have lost too many of our own already for nothing.
you need to go....Now!!
You are a fake just like the rest of them. Always said you had no morals and today I am right
His pivotal moment was when the moron lied about crowd size for his inauguration. Unfortunately the mentality of the GOP is no better.
Stop the madness, McCain. We all know you sabotaged Trump and are doing it again.
McCain, Hillary & the neocons never met a war they didn't like. #SyriaHoax
Russian and Russia brainwashed trolls are in force in this thread.
or is this the essential voice of Western progressives who have lost their way completely, and need to look closely in the mirror?
Stop telling the WORLD/Regime's what u r proposing! & REMEMBER Obama said he got rid of all chemical weapons in Syria! @realDonaldTrump @vp
Do not listen to this war-loving sociopath, @realDonaldTrump.  He only serves the military industrial complex #NoMoreWar #PeaceOverWar
You didn't have to do it. Could have retired a hero. Now there's a big fat asterisk. You SUPPORTED the wrong side. No changing that now!!!
you are normalizing Trump. The American people will not allow you to stop the Trump Putin investigation no matter what
Horrible, you have been warmongering over and over! No more wars!!!
russians never care abt civilians neither in their home country nor abroad. They kill easily using all means allowed & illegal.
u r dealing with a pure evil. Russians understand only power. Negociations they use to mislead the opposite side. Never trust russians
McCain wants you to help ISIS
Mm pivot towards war!! Giving power back to people and doing good for US citizens is a pivot McCain won't tolerate.
Surely you're going to join the front lines right? So will every republican congressman and woman? And their kids? No?
fake
I don't trust Trump with anything.  But I trust you. Please stay close to this.  Thank you for your service.
There are pivotal moments in Presidential elections and you failed ALL of them.  You're more critical of Trump then you were of Obama
Blood is on your hands. This is your doing, you and your terrorist rebels
I really tend to doubt that
Yes, Mr @SenJohnMcCain , you had already "your moment" in #Vietnam.....
No! HRC wanted no fly zone 4 hopes of war with Russia. Do not act like it's Trumps "moment" unless it's a moment to ignore your warmongering
@realDonaldTrump Something SHOULD happen, by SOMEBODY ELSE, with SOME responsibility.
Please view my tweet last night.  McCain has many photos with Isis Leaders.  He is buddies with Isis and has been instrumental against USA.
Why don't U & Lindsey issue a WAR DECLARATION & end this debacle? Or are U waiting for Trump & then if U don't like his plan, go against him
I doubt he is too busy blaming Obama for everything   All talk the wrong action.
#SarinGas #liar #liar
Did you fly with Captain Bert Shrine (passed away) I am his daughter in law

why are u ignoring #TrumpRussia #TREASON?
Yes, #SyriaNeeds a #NoBombZone 
but
why are you ignoring Russia's use of Poison Gases on children?




and no words about Russia poisonGases nor TrumpRussia treason? 
#AssadMustGo and #TrumpTheTraitorMustMustGo also
Sad to see you blaming Obama re Assad. Blame game makes u appear smaller than I know u really are. Wishing you were POTUS now btw.
NO BECAUSE AMERICA IS NOT THE WORLD POLICE STOP BEEN A BULLY TO CREATES MORE DISASTER THE MIDDLE EAST HATES THE AMERICAN INTERFERENCE AND
Russia has much say so on what Syria does. Do u think relationship with Trump gave green light. Thank u & Graham 4 enlightenment.
Yes Putin assumed Trump would do America First isolationism.
I hope Trump has the sense to stay out of it. The Syrians have suffered enough & this tale about Assad & gas attack has major holes in it
AMERICA IS NOT THE POLICE OF THE WORLD BECAUSE YOU DON'T LIKE HOW ANOTHER COUNTRY TREATED HIS PEOPLE YOU WANTS TO INTERFIER LIKE A BULLY?
hey mccain, how much did it cost to attack syrian people and gas them u were just there, bet u are behind it
More Wars! Yay yah yay. You're crazy
John McCain is part of the Deep State. The gas attack in Syria is another atrocity by Syrian Rebels not by Assad.
I can't think of anything more frightening than the lives of innocent children being in the hands of this most lazy and feckless president
Warmonger "........ Don't forget folks these are the same ones who pushed the WMD's lies
This is legacy of you and your GOP colleagues Senator.  Pres Obama asked for your help re approval 4military action you refused 2 help him
@dustin_temple10 @TalkNerdyToMe72 @ActualFlatticus
Let us pray we are still around to witness it!
can not wait until you Rs are in the minority again- can't come soon enough
You are a great American, @SenJohnMcCain !
You seem like you have a hard on for more war
He has passed on many pivotal moments. He needs to take responsibility for our nation, stop playing blame game &I lose fake news rhetoric
you guys would have loved the 30's and now you can recycle your O
@SchreiberEvan ,time for Solid across the natio unification.Captian McCain.please help act coheasivly .dem,s need join ranks,
