Support our President Trump
*Impeach
I am sure you meant Hilary.   President Trump is trying to save our country but corrupt lying news media won't tell you that.
You are a RINO, RINO, RINO, RINO.  You lied to us about repeal obamacare. You are a back stabber. A pathetic Liar.
The 20million people who were able to keep their healthcare might disagree with you.
That's BS what about the millions that lost their health care and now can't afford it, plus McCain lied, said he would repeal
I'll just leave this right here, but somehow I have a feeling you won't bother
Anyplace, anytime is never OK!
I guess Soros doesn't support this Backpage if McCain's speaking out against it
His wife is a strong, successful advocate against human trafficking. Not a partisan issue. A people issue.
But if George Soros told him not to do it, he wouldn't
Go back and vote yes. You  nut job.. so sad for Az and US. U will be out soon. Sad ending.
Why is it OK to get reelected promising to repeal/replace then doing neither?
Why can't they just make it BETTER? WHY does it have to be repealed? WHY?
Because it is a shitty law that benefits a small percentage while penalizing many more, that's why
When are we going to see your article, "How to sell out your Nation." #swamprat
What has this true hero done to "sell out America?"
@SenRobPortman voted to take health care away from survivors of human trafficking. This headline grabbing bill won't redeem him.
He didn't vote to take HC from anyone! Do u have HC? If not, why?
Not here for you. Not even a little bit.
So can't answer that then
Rob Portman, sponsor of the Backpage bill, totally voted for the ACA repeal. That's your answer. Now scoot.
Why is it ok for Planned Parenthood to kill babies by the thousands with Politician support and funding despite citizens objections?
Because it is each woman's decision if it's right to bring that child into this world;it is never easy for her.
God is watching.
Somebody better investigate the #McCainInstitute when looking into #HumanTrafficking!


Horrible crime against victims+famlies. Amercing how these crimes have been sweep under carpet by authorizes for many decade punish victim.
You sell ur citizens out for your gain all the time.  Match ur voting record to ur rich wife's interests.  Easy to see your morals.
Fox guards the hen house
I'll read what she has to say if you will go away and stop sabotaging our @POTUS. Traitor
#NeverOK
Your president is involved in #humantrafficking #TrumpIsAnAbuser #WhitehouseUnderSiege #GOPComplicit
Ask the "sellout" Senator J. McCain!
John, get John Podesta to explain this and have Bill Clinton affirm.  They know the pedo world.
Senator, why aren't you doing something about this? Backpage has been a known offender for awhile now.
He is. Big picture. Zoom out. Hint: Google Trump Models.
I have seen no action. Only voicing dissent. Also, there's no legit sources for the Trump model agenda. It's a conspiracy theory.
No evidence..  NY state is investigating. Your nazi hero @realDonaldTrump is going to be exposed. But will you still love the orangutan?
Please show evidence how Trump is a Nazi. I'll wait.
Bless your heart.
Human trafficking is a huge problem worldwide, including America. When you read individual stories it makes you cry.
The penalty for trafficking should be so tough that no one else would do that!
My thoughts exactly, take the money that we are wasting on the opioid epidemic and spend it on finding. Kids that have been taken
Many of these problems actually stem from drug abuse.
Drug abuse is their problem, not mine. Knowing several addicts I have found that some function some don't some quit some don't, can't force
Of course it's their problem, but when they harm others bcs of it, it becomes a community problem. Same with kidnapping.
Not even a close second, human trafficking vs people who smoke weed, or drink everyday or eat pills or snort coke or shoot heron/
One involves their own destruction the other involves the destruction of another,
If you know about it why haven't you stopped it?
True, but don't count on McCain, he is the no voter
Is this worse than letting people suffer under obamacare because you want libs to tell you how brave you are?
Thank u for your work on this!  Girls go missing in rural MN and end up in sex trade and very worrisome to this mother.
talk about your Ur voting record for veterans!  U tout a perfect veteran voting record-liar!  Oh wait! U mean perfect record against vets.
@AmericasTaken @SaveOurChildre1 @MrsJAB3 @maryjpitzl 

#EndGovChildTrafficking ARIZONA!
please would someone address why it is ok to force preteen girls to marry grown men?
NEO NAZI TERRORIST ATTACK IN VIRGINIA SAME AS ISIS IN FRANCE AND EU
SERIOUS INJURIES reported after car plows through crowd at #UniteTheRight protest. Reports #antifa caused accident.
Why is it ok to have Uranium leaking into drinking water on the Navajo REZ and our Senator doing nothing about it?
Why is OK that you are still part of the Right! You condone the marches in NC?change parties!
Trump should fire her,,We don't need a TRAITORS wife working for our great PRESIDENT
should not be allowed anywhere...should be shutdown and prosecuted..using children is NOT free speech.....
This is your party, Sen. This is your president whom you have supported. Condemn NOW or your silence speaks VOLUMES.
Save your country don't allow these white supremacists to gain so much power eg Gorka Miller
McCain Mr McGimmick always another agenda. If selling kids HAS been illegal n killing kids immoral stop that not Freedom of speech. Agenda??
Please don't confuse net neutrality with support of illegal transactions. No "Big Tech" companies benefit from human trafficking
I am just glad that there is a man in the world like you,dear mr.Senator.
Bountiful here
They flee prosecution not persecution and don't know the difference
It's NOT OK anywhere
BC
CA
Please respond to the horror in #Charlottesville.
Why is it ok for you to have great insurance but vote against Americans to have cheaper and better insurance? You are a traitor! Retire!!
They're burning America down John. This is not what my dad fought for. Is it why you fought? Articles of impeachment. Today before we die.
Dad fought so I could be whatever I aspired to, not what some wife beater expects. So proud taking me to college orientation.
Condemn #Charlottesville Senator. Now.
a horrible website, which I cannot believe is still running!
This is what you post today Senator? Nothing about #Charlottesviille. Guess you know where your bread is buttered
I don't know. Ask your Clinton pals.
Why is it ok to hold a Republican seat when your really a liberal democrat?
So why did you help put Trump in office knowing he did this?
Thank you Senator, and thank you Mrs. McCain. A mostly ignored worldwide problem that must be addressed by civilized people.
There are indeed monsters among us! People who trade in this terrible business are beyond any words I can us!
Why is it ok for you to fail as a senator and not do the will of the people.  Your hate for the president shows politics is more important
Because , well.... it's obvious! @gop
Support our president or stay home from Arizona residents
Much like you keeping the funding for the abortion factory PP w your very dramatic thumbs down! #RINO
Out and shame Backpage's lawyers, set up stings on advertisers, work on making illegal, shine light like you are. Thank you.
Why is it okay for you to vote against Republicans and helping Arizona residents with our healthcare? Traitor and loser
Why don't you do a piece on backstabbing Republicans on the hill

Do another piece about Republicans taking money from Soros
Well you folks took money from terrorists, and now you want to play like your broke. How about Obama
Yes, John. Kids are for sale on websites.
Better yet...shut the damn we sights down and find the scum doing this.
Singing bird McCain!
A Child (anyone) who is lacking support can be prey for groomers. Laws like this hold exploiters accountable. People are not commodities.
Your work w/human trafficking sparked my drive to be a victim's advocate and counselor for these girls and boys. Thank you for all you do.
Sir, Trump is provoking North Korea into WW3. Please shut him up before he kills us all.
And then there is the legal sex trafficking.Which  is what Trump did to the Mrs universe competition, hooking them up with rich people..
Do you have a source for this?
Yes, just read up on it. Recall how he molested Alicia?
....Because an anti-right wing source no one has heard of is legitimate?
Because John McCain has fought for open (unenforced) borders for 30 years so his favorite resorts could have cheap labor.
Hey, That's the mag where Donny hooked up with the pee party...
Thank you, Senator, for your fight against human trafficking. God bless you. Praying for your recovery.
spirits in the clouds ?
All day
Because our govt have people buying them and nobody cares to do anything about it.
True, Robbie.
High up people which is why nothing gets done.
Because the electoral college allowed the human trafficker in chief to become POTUS.
