You have fallen from Grace by supporting the new ACA repeal. Now that you've recovered, you also cease caring? What a disappointment
You said regular order and bipartisanship. There was a meaningful hearings today, now back to scorch earth?? Shame on you
Meanwhile you are now going to vote in favor of ACA repeal?!
How could you?
You're a traitor not a hero
I see you had a good time in Nam
ACA repeal proposal opens door to eliminate coverage of pre-existing conditions -- Cruel and Inhumane!  
NO on this proposal!  
#TrumpCare
Today Rasmussen has Trump at 45% approval meanwhile you disrespect the majority of your constituents
It's way under 45% it's around 30ish.
Forget 12.  Think of the number 23 million.  That's the number of people you're gonna throw off healthcare.
Senator, stop TRYING to be cool. You know what’s cool when you do the right thing in the senate. Don’t worry about the DBACKS. Healthcare 
He has already done the right thing in the Senate! Good Job John!
Maybe if you stopped watching baseball  you could get some work done.
ACA repeal proposal would devastate Medicaid participants including children, disabled, elderly.  NO on this proposal!!!  #TrumpCare
Devastation everywhere making it a crime to get ill? C'mon @SenJohnMcCain
Who was your team before dbacks were a thing?
Thank you John please continue watching baseball. Your attendance in government Affairs only results in flawed decisions and Democrat votes.
How wonderful for you that you can afford healthcare for brain cancer treatment, while wanting to deny others from receiving the same care.
Oh aren't u Mr #Arizona U lied to your ppl They had highest increase Over 116% & you betrayed them https://youtu.be/-eWEsv4-Vac   #Liar
Go DBacks!!!
I hope the Dbacks lose every game. You are a TRAITOR. You are the ENEMY.
Graham-Cassidy repeal bill is a horrorshow. McCain saying he'd vote for it is extremely dangerous. Call Congress; say NO REPEAL 202-224-3121 https://twitter.com/PeterSullivan4/status/905481195667980292 …
Support our president and get something done for god sake
No.  Support the people of Arizona not the president who is a liar and an adulterer
The only news I want to hear from you is that you're starting the impeachment process!
Less baseball, more work john
Hey john whatcha gonna make up this week to try and spew to the American people ???? Voting seasons coming :-)
May the best team win! Go Cards.......

McCain & Flake too busy virtue signaling to meet with a constituent/mom of slain cop when she makes the trip to DC. http://trib.al/TpWlKaq 
Rohingya kill myanmar
Do your job McCain and let the D backs play baseball !! You have to step up your game !!
These are great news....but how about your work for this State?
See this is why you just need to retire and enjoy your sports!
What the hell, McCain? You aren't a Maverick....more like Goose.

Too bad you're not on a roll
Everything is coming up roses!! Now go do a fabulous back room deal and get rid of trump.
@SenJohnMcCain refuses to tell authorities where he received $9 million dollars.
Why don't you take a break from baseball and stand by ACA!
Stop flip flopping!
We didn't get a fair election, McConnell in breaking all the Senate rules, Trump is violating the constitution, are we even in a democracy?
No. Haven't been for a long time.
So you flipped again and plan to vote for the latest attempt to knife health care for America's poor... #SenatorMcShame
DBACKS are on fire. @Dbacks
McCain, please insist on regular order.
MCCAIN: "If it's not through regular order than it's a mistake, but it doesn't mean I wouldn't vote for it.”

http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/349462-mccain-backs-graham-cassidy-obamacare-repeal-effort …
I heard you are going to vote to cut medical support to seniors in Arizona again

11: In total—block grants plus per capita cap—Graham-Cassidy slashes funding by a whopping **51%** in 2026. And much more in 2027!

9: On top of the block grants, Graham-Cassidy includes Trumpcare's most severe per capita cap on the entire Medicaid program.
How come i have to wait 9 years for a VETERAN'S APPEAL? Do i need to apply as a dreamer?SOROS BOUGHT AND PAID FOR YOUR VOTE! MEXICO FIRST!
 ALERT: McCain has flipped on ACA repeal. All hands on deck. We need to be persistent for the next 24 days.  #TrumpCare
I hear rumors that you want to repeal the ACA.  For God's sake, don't we have enough on our plate? Not this again!
To hell with baseball show some support for upcoming legislation and get your thumb going
 in the direction of the GOP
And be well, we love you John but we need your support
Now you've flipped on ACA repeal? Such BS
Trump is TOXIC. Putin making a mockery of our Democracy. Time for Congress to enact Emergency Measures.
Numerous voting irregularities continue 2 surface. GOP coverup--unprecedented.  EMERGENCY action to STOP #TYRANNY. https://mobile.twitter.com/truthseekingiam/status/904854838672019456 …
Please beat the Dodgers in playoffs. Make the National League Great Again
#lockhimup
Let's go DBACKS!




With everything going on right now, you should be working with Congress and Senate to get your job done! Not keeping up with a baseball game

Bipartisan agreement, Dbacks looking good, kicked LA's butt in 5 of those games. Getting playoff ready. Not everything has to be politics!
Go back to italy
Go back to Russia, bot.
.@SenJohnMcCain John please help the #DACA babies. Right now DACA babies are all practicing for the day they meet #DonaldTrump
I'm still getting over the 2001 WS (I'm a NYY fan) ;)
Out of touch fool go away useful IDDIOT 4 fake news
What a way to fix the problems you helped to create, by being an obstructionist Senator, concentrate on baseball. Thank POTUS for our Jobs.
Focus Juan - 6 months.  #DACA @realDonaldTrump @foxnation
Detroit gave you @JDMartinez14. All we want back is our country. There is still more you can add to your legacy
All the business necessary u talk baseball out of touch swamp rhino
Hi Barney, are you aware that the insult you're looking for is RINO, an acronym, and not the animal itself?
It's the addition of J.D. that did it.
Yes they are but their are not selling out
Don't try to push your past mistakes on our President. Get a damn bill done already. Yourself
Try working I want healthcare tax reform a wall built ,Americans before anything here's a novel idea if you're Republican support your POTUS
Let's hold some Congressional investigations, obvious someone is cheating or using steroids. Nothing else to do eh Brutus? RETIRE
@SenJohnMcCain aka songbird i guess you have nothing to do do your job buddy
They will end up just like your girls Hilary and lose a 1 games playoff! Lmfao!

"No, ma'am. He's a decent family man, citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with" That was classy as hell. Feel better
You were just on break senator get back to work
In 1740 South Carolina legislatures reacted to Stono by passing one of the earliest laws prohibiting teaching a slave to read or write.
Please get back to work.
I am glad it brings you a little joy, Senator. Enjoy! I, unfortunately, am a Mets fan. :(
Obama was president because of you. Have you ever apologized for that?
https://twitter.com/refee00/status/905470638751711233 …
Philippians 4:13
I can do all #things through #Christ who #strengthens me.
Romans 10:9
that if you #confess with your #mouth the #LordJesus and believe in your #heart that #God has raised Him from the [1/2]
#dead, you will be saved. [2/2]
