you should move to Afghanistan ! 
You are a faliure & should quit!
Actually stay,you are so inept, it's like your on our side
no question of the fact that God is helping, since He actually showed be me the Way, the Truth and the Light!
I'm speaking of an actual Visual Seeing of The Tree Of Life arriving the HolySpirit from Heaven!#TwoEyewitnesses
God allowed us, made us Witness Him bringing New Spirits for the Yet to be concieved,from Heaven to Earth....
This is Revelation Of The Tree Of Life!Jesus said He is One With!He returned!Jesus returned as The #TreeOfLife!
Time to hang it up John, U R starting to sound Round' the Bend.
are you changing to democrat yet ??
he's a closet Democrat!(among other things,I'm sure!)
Jesus would do whatever righteous thing that He could to help the Children Of God to grow
You have no idea about loyalty! You are the JUDAS of the GOP! Your "loose lips" undermine our efforts in the Senate!
Why does Trump keep spreading lies?
Trump wouldn't look at or shake hands with Merkel at WH today. International disgrace.
How much money are you being paid by the Globalist Jew war hawks to slander Russia? You need to retire! #YEYEEGF
thank respected Senator
While I agree our defense needs to be strong I challenge you and your fellow senators to spend1 day volunteering meals on wheels
Rand hit the nail on the head.  You are unhinged.
Do you really think they are our allies!!? You need a history lesson!
How does a American wake up one day & decide it's okay 2 call up a Putin Terrorist Attack on OUR Democracy? Sex Predatory KKKon man as prez?
Senator @RandPaul needs to expose McCain neocon globalist war monger cronyism on the Senate floor.
American First !!!!
We need a REAL PRESIDENT to ACTUALLY RUN THE COUNTRY!
Seriously john, who's side are you on?
Trump/Pence 2020!
John, do you like little boys?  Is there something you are hiding?
Really? How about helping our @POTUS so he can help American's? Retire, move there & volunteer. We are #MAGA!
You continue to confirm people sent to you by a traitorous fraud who has been violating emoluments clause from day 1
McCain doesnt act right.Even the most anti Trump REPS dont act like McCain. Something wrong with him
Must Read for the "low life scum"

Enough Mccain we have been in in Afghan for 15 years BS like yours is draining $ the USA dry
Must -read. We dont want your one world government Sir. Jesus rules and wins. Praying for your salvation.
what about ur promise to vets military last 8 years. Take care of our own. Not very well done sie
@POTUS@SenJohnMcCain You are the dangerous one McCain. How dare you threaten our country by your need for revenge .

Dear America,

#Lithuania parliament moves to impeach MP over #RUSSIA TIES.

…
I ask that you support our president. Amer chose Pres Trump and he deserves a chance. Please, stop undermining him
Sir you fought for this country and for that I thank you. Now we finally have a president that wants to protect it..
You need to retire! What you said about Paul Rand was unprofessional !  You don't stand behind OUR President.  You need to get purged!
Credibility??? That was lost last November.  Keep yours by impeaching Trump NOW
Please apologize to Chancellor Merkel on behalf of most Americans. Let her know I-D-10T error being corrected, hopefully soon
@Lynda143143 @thehill Thank you John McCain.
please do not approve the budget bill: school meals PBS NPR are VIP 2 our community. do u remember us? San Luis, AZ
please do not approve the budget bill PBS NPR are very important to San Luis AZ, not to mention school lunch
how is our missile defense system in comparison to Russian ,,Chinese technology?  Iran has same defense system  as Syria
this morning Israel taking missiles from gaza , I thought we gave a missile shield to Israel   Doesn't seem to be working
Israeli forces took out arms for Hezbollah over Syria , Syria fired the Russian defense system missiles, it did hit Israel
retire John stop interfering!!!
.put ur pride aside. China.n korea.russia r  threats to world peace.ur infighting is inviting them to challenge us.
AKA keep arming ISIS and selling opiates. Songbird, you're a traitor and a #fakeAmerican. You think we can't see??
Please begin impeachment proceedings before Pres bombs Denmark!
Be a statesman and work to protect American lives as hard as you advocate for saving foreign lives...STOP the POTUS insanity
if you can't back trump you don't back the country so go home don't come back
john your mad at trump for what he said you you turned your back on this country while making deals with hussein
d/u see article about Donna Brazil's getting debate q and giving to Clinton camp? You'll talk bout it? No u won't
you are a wonderful man, thank you for your service.
I am shocked. Trump fam has evaded military service now for 4 generations. Why not discussed? Why did Pres. drafted?
Rand Paul hero of the day. McCain & Biden's stolen oil shouldn't be protected by NATO anyway. MCCAIN NEEDS DRAINED
My father was a POW in WWII. I'm no (R) but I do respect your service. Anyone that goes through that deserves respect!!
except when other POW's called him songbird for giving sensitive info to the enemy. He's a traitor.
HOW ABOUT THE AMERICAN'PEOPLE THAT HAS SPOKEN OUT LOUD AND WON ELECTION! FIGHT FOR VETTING!
WE NEED TO HELP US!
term limits @JohnMcCain ...
you are a true sellout! Go retire.
credibility? Is that supposed to be a joke? The bozo has done a bang up job in that department!
From one War Vet to another, YOUR POLITICAL CAREER IS OVER!
may God help you
.@SenJohnMcCain accuses Rand Paul of working with Putin. McCain's not that fucking stupid. He's a propaganda artist. #senile #desperate
I'm so tired of seeing McCain bashing as a popular Republican past time on twitter.
When are you going to stop tolerating Trump and his excesses and embarrassing. Please!!!!
make it even simpler. Let's have a constitution. Oh yeah, we ratified that in 1787. How bout we stop violating it.
/// The Bush-McCain-Obama Wars continues.
Pretendo republican. You are so fake and so crooked, your not fooling us. Hope you resign or get fired! You don't represent real americans
John stop the Vladimir Putin crap you got to stop it you need to step down you're beyond your time step down
protect our democracy and our standing in the world invoke ARTICLE 25 country before party be our hero
A better idea: We get you a special visa to go live in Afghanistan, if they'll take a traitor like you
NO!
I never realized how evil the republican Party is till now
hell no,done enough over there with many young ones killed and the government is still corrupt we don't need it outa
Pres  can b removed from office if he is deemed, by competent authority, to be unfit 2 carry out duties
THANK YOU for your courage in standing up to the #PutinPuppet. This is the most important work of your career. Bless you. 
resign you are a joke and a traitor. It's obvious you've been compromised. It will all come out.
I have no problem with it, but were we not there to help them...if so, why are we obliged to help them again ??
neocons helped to start war in Ukraine! Half of population in Ukraine are Russian!!
When does Sean Miller plan to leave Arizona for UNC?  He is advising his brother not to take NC State job in part as a result
GOP turncoat, are you stoned? Or having PTSD?
#InsaneMcCain @randpaul is the new GOP - you & your #GeorgeSoros career political hacks will be pushed out. #MAGA
apologize to #randpaul
classy senator. Thank you
you're a liberal & warmongering old fool. Time to do what's right and retire.
Are you listening to Tillerson?  Nuclear threats?  Please get Trumps taxes and get him out of office
I don't like you.. am I a Russian agent? Resign you old unhinged nut.. sad when liberals are the only ones that like you
Russia?  #independentinvestigation
Hey- U don't support POTUS but u support Afghans. U are a real piece of work. Just stick to McCain term LIMITS.
WHY DO THE PPL OF ARIZONA KEEP VOTING THIS NUTJOB IN??? KICK JOHN MCCAIN OUT!!!!!!!!
american terrorism in Afghanistan
what credibility? Thanks to the clown show  in the White House      Our credibility is already low
Credibility? TRump is damaging our Credibility lying and endangering our relationships with allies how long will u
Time for the Afghans to figure out how they wish to live. After more than 15 years they have been given the chance.

How about a Stop Invading Other Countries Act?

Can you please stop contributing to any conversation! You flip flop to much
john and other republicans will loose House and Senate midterm elections because of hating trump
hey John-boy. u advocating reading #fakenews? Proving ur out of touch or desperate for any publicity #TermLimits
What Afghan Allies?
How many Seniors and children are you willing to throw under the bus to accomplish this. Stan Up.
Good Friday Morning, Sen. John McCain; Happy St.Patricks Day; The McCain Family
it's almost like you are being paid to keep this shit up
Tillerson. North Korea. Anything?
How do you feel now about the NUCLEAR FOOTBALL?
