Patriot.
NO THANKS. MORE SUPPORT TO ISIS ????
Like this?
@SenJohnMcCain  IS A TRAITOR
Ya think?!? 
@DEAHQ @FBI 
You Welcome Mister McCain in Your Strategy don't forget the distruction Of opium fields & traffic across the Pakistan border.
You mean give them monay and arm them against us?
Don't believe him!
This is so funny! You think you were elected President. Who cares what you think? You have been so wrong in Libya, Syria, Iraq, etc.
It's the tumor talking. JK he's nuts!
I'd prefer you repeal and replace ACA
Maybe the best place for McCain is in Arizona, he's worn out his welcome in Washington. He won't be getting a invite to white house
Don't bother offering your liberal agenda.  I stand with Trump and you are nothing but an obstructionist.  Retire.
want nothing from this war monger but for him to retire. enough of his nonsense and trump was right about him, he is no hero
Well at least someone may finally do something about this quagmire
Well John you haven't been right about all of your other wars, so why would your opinion matter this time? It doesn't! Retire! Voting U out!
i believe you will!
Great. Long over-due. We need to stop misusing & abusing our military & focus attention on US infrastructure as well. People tired of wars.
Then McCain sure ain't your savior! There are no arms deals to profit from in rebuilding infrastructure.
Who cares what he says?  Can't trust him!!!
Yeah right!  Like you offered a strategy for repealing and replacing OCARE?  LIAR!
I think I trust mattis and other generals to do this
If there is anything POTUS does not need, it's anymore help from McCain.
Elected official/bureaucrat with brain injury/disease should be forced on leave of absence. Cognitive skills reduced
Where was your strategy during the Obama years! You are just a RINO!
No #BlackApril for Afghanistan: Keep advisers; maintain supplies of ammunition; push fair government; air cover and ISR
How about OFFERING A VOTE on the medical repeal..
No thanks we have generals do not need your help, you lost O care repel battle, you surrendered?
RECALL McCain a traitor to Americans on healthcare.. Sign RECALL petition today
No thank you
Only thing americans want from you is to disappear!
Like the one you offered in Iraq and the one you betrayed in Vietnam?
US out of Afghanistan and McCain out of Congress. NeoCon RINO.
No need, no one is listening to you. Your decision to go to Hanoi wasn't impressive, was it? America has been good to you. Payback time,John
.... The wrath of the lamb.
They called to the mountains and the rocks,fall on us and hide us from the face of him who sits on the throne and from ....
Who cares about Afghanistan. Where's your insurance plan.  I pay 600 a month doesn't cover anything.  On way to chiropractor butnot covered
John it is not your job to set foreign policy? Just resign and get better
The only strategy I am interested in is getting our troops out of there completely
No Thanks! America is not interested in anything @SenJohnMcCain has to say..especially regarding Afghanistan. #DeepState #globalist
We know how you well you did.not to mention your idea of strategy is funding ISIS.  Resign with some dignity. for the folks that don't know
Why bother you're rarely right about anything. Retire. Take care of your health . Spend time with your family. You've earned it.
For 16 years you were a war hawk, you have lost all trust you lied to Az.
Will it involve bombing and more troops? You know, just for something different.
We don't need your stinking Afghanistan strategy Benedict Arnold.  Bye Felicia.
Why wait?  Oh yeah, ur staff and democrats need to conjoin forces. NO THANKS
Hey John, you are not the COMMANDER IN CHIEF!!! I remember when Obama told you the same thing. VOTE Kelli Ward!!
Where the hellhas it been for the past decade, Mcain? PLEASE go out on medical leave and retire!
If I am not mistaken, voters rejected his evil ass at the polls #McQueegIsNotPOTUS
Yeah, it's going to be pretty tough to top "Bomb, Bomb, Bomb, Bomb, Bomb Iran!". Maybe something to the tune of Hava Nagila.
Пора тебе на пенсию, старый маразматик
Leadership at work!
Let's just put mcain in charge of affairs in Afghanistan. That should be punishment enough. They'll be begging for us to leave.
Senator McCain needs to let the president and his military take care of it. Your strategy did not work before.
I don't think John McCain can effectively do his job. I think the medications will affect his judgement.
Great. Just what we need. A plan from a man who lies to voters in state where ppl dying waiting for health care. Where is his plan for that?
Go away John
Yep, & don't go away mad McCain, just go away #Traitor #Liar #disgrace
You are ill, may be you will die before September. Sorry to say this but you should just retire. You cannot comprehend beyond a few months.
YOU are not the president. This matters are beyond your authority. So, why not be a good little liberal and sit down and shut up.
Just want to say I'm sending prayers and strength to you and yours during this  health challenge.
We will wait with Glee. Not.
@SenJohnMcCain better check with the Grim Reaper on that one
Don't bother, Senator. We already know what they are. Meanwhile, be well, but please consider giving up your seat.
Senator Jackass McCain needs to stay the hell home, finished with useless piles of dung more concerned for foreigners than USA citizens
Retire "hero".
Little bit out of your job description isn't it Maverick? You're not POTUS and you are not an admiral. Get health care and taxes fixed.
This traitor needs to retire on ObamaCare.
RETIRE!!!!!
Senator, it's time to retire and spend your golden years with your family. Arizona and the US will survive without you.
Stick with the Russia alerts and back stabbing America John. We have @realDonaldTrump who happens to be @POTUS and can handle real issues.
I think the POTUS is Trump... run ur idea by him. Until then please stop obstructing his agenda. We voted for that agenda.
how about an exit strategy....
Good!!!  Let's then see what Mattis says
Yeah, it's high time )))) Meanwhike  10+ years have passed))
Thank you.This is what is needed for the POTUS and our Country to be successful. Having Senators offering solutions vs pointing out problems
Won't be around ..
Why did It take him 17 years?
Sorry Senator, but I've watched you deep six those in your own party for the last 20 years....You're a closet D.... check your voting record
What, you want to give Afghanistan healthcare too? Time to be quiet and get out, Sir.
still not president
The US Government has no jurisdictional authority to be in Afghanistan. Yankee go home.
If it's not pack up our shit and go home I'm gonna be disappointed cause the alternative is stay forever
This is a much better news source than The Post; this one allows the Public to read the news, for free
Offer away, no one cares what you think! Just remember you couldn't beat a Muslim Community Organizer. Loser, RINO, Nevertrump, Schumer boy!
Just like your strategy on repealing healthcare. Or how you killed 129 people on your carrier in The Vietnam war.
And you are waiting for September...why?
Lord help us!!
"Time Limits" for Congress can't happen soon enough.
God I hope not. McCain has been there for all 16 yrs of that war and did nothing except make it worst with øbama.  Stay home John!
Sounds like the Senator has decided to, independently, challenge the stagnation in Washington. Hope others join. Good luck Senator.
Go ahead offer the strategy then vote against it
Good for you John. I mean who cares about health care and tax cuts. You don't!
14 years late John
... The war on Afghanistan is a fraud... 9/11 was an inside job!

Trump's "foreign policy" non existent so you're having to fill that void. Sad and dangerous
.The strategy has been keep the country in chaos, steal all the resources, install a puppet government. It's working
His strategy will probably be all wrong. RINO
don't need your lies  and hypocrisy you have hurt enough people already
Go away John, all talk. Remember how bad Obamacare was, how you was against it. Repeal and replace. What a line of BS.
Really? Shouldn't he retire and be with his family? We really do not want his input.  He must be nuts.
If Trump wants to go to war with North Korea, nothing else matters since nothing else will be left - nuclear destroys everything & everyone
...lololololololol

Hey john if the strategy u offer is the same strategy u use in the 2008 presidential campaign we will lose....so please don't
Retire ... Go out a hero not a turncoat
Please pick up a weapon and go there yourself Senator
Stop worrying about Afghanistan and start worrying about your constituents who are hurting from Obamacare! TRAITOR!
After all these years you offer a plan now. Hypocrite.
Who cares what you think, say, or do!
Gee thanks. Sure hope the other 49 senators vote NO just so you know how it feels.
Stay in the hospital RINO
Sums him pretty well
Apparently Trump is consulting with private military contractors to formulate the best business plan errr strategy for Afghanistan.
John McCain the Warhawk is going to offer a strategy. Here Comes World War 3
Please get well and retire.
Who cares go away
Waited 8 years to mention it?
You voted to go in w/o a plan to go out. And You lost your presidency from Obama. Just RIP w/dignity
The never ending war against terrorism...
How about he offers his resignation and recovers from cancer peacefully and enjoy retirement with the millions he has made as senator
Hope it includes exit plan
This is what we get for not engaging in true Nation Building.   Afghanistan and Iraq should be like Japan was in 1960. 15 years after war..
What's taking you so long sir? Just puncture the Pak Army. Problem solved. Simple.
Pres. Trump will handle it. Sit down
Please do because phony conman @POTUS doesn't have a clue. @DRUDGE_REPORT @SenateGOP @senrobportman @SenatorCollins @seanhannity @MSNBC
US does not know what is going since 2001 they appear to have no Afghan policy. Gave massive amount to PAK to control terrorists no change
What about fixing the mess he created by throwing a grenade in Senate and walking away!! Arizona people are hurting under OCare now!!

Stay home and rest.
RECALL McCain sign a petition near you today..
US Senators are not subject to recall elections.
Trump already offered one, getting out of that mess, and you McCain need to stand down, not your place..
Really?  U know who else wanted to just leave (he did it in Iraq) Obama!  Look how well that worked. Stop accepting T's BS
Only took you 16yrs and 2 administrations Bush / Obama).  But what will the strategy be?  Pull out and leave 'em to It, or go in harder?
Seeing as Bin Laden's son (Hamza) wants to be new Al Qaeda leader and overtake ISIS as worlds most feared terror group, you will probably...
go in harder which in turn will increase the likelihood of more terror attacks against the West. Especially as more and more Muslim migrants
head to the EU to rape our women and children and cause destruction.  The EU culture is becoming diluted with Muslims who do not assimilate
with Western society.  Islam is completely incompatable with anything.  Hell, they are at war with themselves.
Why delay till now?
#leadership thanks Sen McCain
As you fight another battle in your life know that you are in our thoughts and prayers
Who would take advice from a traitor and fraud.
Thinks he is the President. But he is the man that caused this
Have you switched to the Democratic Party yet? I live in Arizona and ACA sucks and you failed us
Hopefully nature takes its course before then...Just sayin
Thank you sir!
I hope he is retired by September
why should we listen to you, a traitor. Who are you beholden to?
Dear Senator. Safe travels. More than ever your wisdom is needed
RESIGN #MAGA
McCain has said a lot of things and doesn't keep his promise.  I no longer trust him.  Since his turn on the GOP on ACA there is no trust
????????????????
Excellent! POTUS has no strategy on anything.
How about offering something about "health care". We will not forget how you stabbed us in the back. You are GARBAGE.
Oh please, spare us of ANY of your thoughts.  That would be a great gift to AMERICA.
His cancer  may be deeply affecting his judgement.
Have Pakistan annex Afghanistan.  Let it be their problem.
God take this Murder & traitor ASAP.Spread cancer fast so that One NEOCON is eliminated to free USA & 99% from Fraud Wars. USA & 99% busted
I don't even want to know what this country will look like by September.
This is a great News , You back soon , We are so happy you stay working hard Sen .
Where the heck was your plan THE LAST 15 YEARS? Hello? Now all of a sudden you have the answer...yeah.....right....LMAO
Gotta protect those opium fields. #bigpharma #resist #uselesswar
another attempt to trash Trump? (Again)
We do not care about Afghan. We want to get rid of the Obamacare. YOU FAiLEd us.
We have to make it to September first
God take this Murder & traitor ASAP.Spread cancer fast so that One NEOCON is eliminated to free USA & 99% from Fraud Wars. USA & 99% busted
No, thanks.
We have a @POTUS and Secretary of State which you are NOT!
Retire!
Look folks this idiot just had a brain tumor removed from the pre frontal cortex! The center of planning and higher funtions!
I hope you can come up with something because we've basically been stuck there with no strategy for almost 20 years now.
God take this Murder & traitor ASAP.Spread cancer fast so that One NEOCON is eliminated to free USA & 99% from Fraud Wars. USA & 99% busted
Mr. McCain. We want the wars to end not grow. Please retire and stop trying to start WW3 @potus @HouseGOP @freedomcaucus @SenateMajLdr
You ca not be serious
Dear Senator Globalist Pig, 
Plz retire. 
Thx.
@TulsiGabbard was on Fox to show her support for Trump endingthe CIA programwhicharmed #AlQaeda terrorists in #Syria
The big difference John between a Trumpian and an Establishment -   Trumpians mean and do what they say.
Make it to September first.
Well unless is a withdrawal then your strategy is completely stupid
How about a health care strategy!
AREN'T YOU DEAD YET???
