Unfortunately you were a big part of that. Lack of an approved budget as you and others tried to kill obamacare.
Why did you not fight the cuts in defense when it was happening...your always so far behind.
You can't have it both ways. More military spending and cut taxes. Math my friend math.
Ur boy Obams,would rather create entitlement programs 4 da nations cupcakes then fund da military.Cut military 2 pre WW1 numbers?Ridiculous
Sounds like McCain as pilot, co and as a Demo Senator.  Can only vote no.  Never learned ABC to "Y"?
Sounds like a problem with the CO! We can commiserate, right!?
Defense spending may be an issue but it is irrelevant in this case. Soldiers are subjected to abuse by their COs. THAT’S A PROBLEM!
“It feels like a race to see which will break down first,” one sailor wrote, “the ship or it’s [sic] crew.”-THIS NEEDS IMMEDIATE ATTENTION
These people deserve better, and they deserve it now. Every member of Congress should be acting to help this dire situation on all levels.
Direct result of a disasterous previous SECNAV w/twisted priorities. 2nd/3rd order effect is Trng Maint & Moral: Repair the fleet Senator!
John McCain has never loved his country. Songbird McCain sang like a bird as he threw his own men under the bus in Vietnam
Because of you @SenJohnMcCain
Money?  No.  It is despicable leadership!  I'm appalled at the way the CO treats these guys!  He should be LOCKED UP!
"Money has nutin to do wit this?"As if yall would know what's going on.Pure Liberal Speculation
Absolutely, the Dems and Obama Ignored, now to Our deep peril, may God Bless our men and women who serve
AND THOSE CUTS CAME UNDER OBAMA
Cuts  to the military? Thanks to you and your hero Obama. TRAITOR
Sorry John, but sailors don't care what the budget is, it's a direct result of horrible leadership and bread and water punishment
Disgusting how senior leadership let this go on for so long
This is a direct result of you: "surveys reveal disastrous increases in Obamacare for middle class & small business"
Is the direct result of politicians having personal defense companies and stealing the money. We no what ur doing thanks google
Of course it is a result of too little manpower, too little money, and too little attention from congress. By the way, congress cut the money under BHO. He is gone. Why haven't you poured it back into the system? You have known for years that the military is depleted. Fix it.
This is bad leadership. Just like we are experiencing with Donald
It's actually a direct result of all your wars. Idiot.
Disagree it's because of poor leadership
Mr McCain evrythg ur dealing with in the house could b dangerous if u guys Repub & Dems don't come 2gether..
Being a US senator for all these years why didn't you do something about it.
I kinda doubt that is the problem.   Sometimes people are assholes.
Is that why the nut job captain used bread & water punishment? Please resign John.
CO locks them up for 3 days with only bread and water?!?!  Thoughts of suicide, but to afraid to ask for help? Not a money problem!
Oh My God, sir! The cruelty and inhumanity went all the way to the top. Unimaginable turpitude.
You own defense companies that made 37million in last 15 yrs how can we be cutting defense $. Ur so corrupt. Trump was the answer to y'all
It’s your butt buddy Obamas doing. Why didn’t you speak out against him.
Sailors need positive support. How will our nation defend against intrusion or threats from other nations if they don't trust their leaders?
John McCain no voted to get his daughter s job on the view, if your daughter a job will you do yours you're a fraud help Arizona
You should know better!! This is a result of poor leadership! Budget cuts have always united crews!
You know I hate to say this but the military gets a boat load of money. Shouldn’t our crumbling infrastructure get some for a change?
Senator, I would say it's more about bad DoD/mil personnel policy that needs reform. @DEFConference has reform that will fix. Happy to help.
Bullshit money money money
LET'S KEEP THE BOATS AFLOAT
BY RHYME AND ROTE
ACROSS THE SEA AND MOAT
OR KIM JONG & VLADIMIR GET UR GOAT
GIVE OUR MEN AN EXTRA COAT
HE WROTE
And no....... did you read the surveys. The ships captain was insane
I think the CO's bread and water punishments were the main reason for poor morale.
Seems like a top-down command structure problem. Spending could help with repairs/refits, but commanders need an overhaul, too.
This just does not seem like the same Navy I served in during the late 60s early 70!!??
A lot of people run business with a little amount of funds and have great morale with their employees. Come on John quit hitting Trump.
Reading that story, sounds like CO was the problem
Bad leadership. I hated my ship in 1984-1987, peak of Reagan spending. It was constantly trying to kill us- had nothing to do with funding.
Bullsh*t. Try reading the story before making stupid comments. More $ won't cure incompetence. If it did, we should spend it on Congress
I don't know how this is due to cuts in def spending. As a vet sailor it looks like leadership's failure .
.@SenJohnMcCain You don't think it starts with leadership?? Throw $ at it? That won't fix moral!
Sen McCain most of this is about a bad CO not money. Like you I am a navy vet and follow navy news but I think you got it wrong sir.
You hate the President because he is an independent running as a republican. Oh don’t play in my sandbox.
No that’s a lie. It’s all about ships colliding. Speaking of lies, You are part of Keaton’s 5.
Retirement
So how will education and healthcare cuts affect everyone in the US, if a lack of money in the US military of all places means no morale?
John....please, this is not from cuts in spending!!! This is how pathetic our country has been run the past several years and the lack of appreciation our corrupt government has shown. You included. From the VA right on down...just look what our soldiers have to come home to.
You lost all credibility McCain. Support the POTUS. You have become a joke. The mention of your name brought BOO's on Hannity last night
Let's keep reviewing the competence for leadership, and, when necessary, change command. Isn't this what we're considering with the horrific presidency of Trump??!?!!
Piss poor equipment and then have to pay for our own disability til we are 60...They don't mention that when you sign up. Congress needs $$
So what
I don’t know, shockingly bad leadership is a very close second I should think
Cuts? JHC we spend way too much on defense and way too little on what people need, little things like education, healthcare and job training
And shows results of systematic poor leadership.
Isn't this something that a republican congress can fix? Or is it too " complicated" like health care?
Aren't you a member of the Senate? Appropriations begin in the Congress so quit blaming Trump, blame yourself.
We have bigger issues than this. @potus is threatening all American lives.
Dear All, please retweet it many times
Please stop lying. That was not caused by a lack of money. It's the result of 8 disastrous years of Obama, and poor promotions.
Bullshit! It's a lack of genuine leadership and placing unqualified people in positions they aren't ready for!
You signed the cuts and worked WITH Obama to put our military in the poor condition it is today. So shut up
If U think morale is bad on USN ships, talk to hospital workers & see how we feel about all the healthcare cuts
Tell the president to start acting like a president !!
Why couldn't You Be President Wishing God continues to bless you with another day
Beg to differ common sense I do need to know how long  my car takes to stop if lights turning red at signal Pl go yourself meet with crew
I don't see the connection. It seems like poor management and horrible officers from the story anyway.
SIR YOU REALLY SHOULD FOR THE GOOD OF THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, DONALD TRUMP, YOIR OWN STATE YOUR MENTAL HEALTH, *RESIGN*
Seriously @SenJohnMcCain?  Cuts to defense spending are responsible for a toxic CO using the old bread and water punishment?
Wonder what they said on the USS Forestall
IF I HAD ANY IDEA WHAT MY HEALTHCARE WAS GOING TO LOOK LIKE YOUR SUCH A EVIL MAN VINDICTIVE TO THE COUNTRY YOUR A TRAITOR & DANGEROUS 4 USA
It also sounds like Navy leadership is lacking.  More $$ won't help that prob.
maybe if we weren't spending billions a year on a war that cant be won those funds could be used for soldiers
Perhaps troop morale also suffers from atrociously inadequate CINC & even  generals are uneasy not knowing when #madness & WWIII come?#FBR
Ya thanks to you for letting Obama cut military spending & not giving equipment they needed. But now your BITCHING.
Were these cuts during your watch during Obama’s reign?
This is scary to hear...a floating prison in 2017 armed forces is a shame... bread and water for troops is disrespect

Senator, sailors bitch. Is this moral issue ship side. If so looks at the leadership. 
Moral begins at the top.
U were there u let it happen. Can’t run away from that lack of oversight
Which you are a big part of. Just go away already and Retire. Please!!!!
How about the morale of families with disabled children about to lose CHIP? How about a deal - ship for CHIP?
Seems like exceptionally poor leadership, further enabled by substituting "counseling" for accountability. No rationale for bread/water brig
Sequestration was @gop policy. Should you resign?
Guess who just gave Arizona relief from obummer care, wasn't you!  President Trump.  Songbird
More important news today, no thanks to You!
Some folks are not understanding the op tempo issue or PM lacking but this CO was a menace.  Incompetence sounds common in 7th fleet
Or maybe too many power points on social issues?
Listen, under 7 years of GOP Congressional IMPOTENCE, SELF-INDULGENT governance,Nation HATES their representation! .@EricZorn .@thehill
Also shows how Officers rarely get disciplined and will continue to move up, screwing things up more the higher they go.
Also sounds like a serious breakdown in command structure too but between @GOP sequestration and increased conflicts this is not good .
Why is it that military problems are always funding, but education, healthcare, etc. are mismanagement? Throwing money only fixes the mil.
Jesus how much money do you need to make the military work mister fiscal conservative?
Sen- this is the result of Sen/House Leaders protecting: Reelection over Ppl, Promises over Policy & turning a blind eye on a Demented Mind
No, it’s a direct result of leadership! You should know this. It starts at the top.
@SenJohnMcCain please retire
If $600 billion isn't enough money to run a military, you've got way bigger problems than funding
Cuts to training
Remember when the people had pride in America?Remember when Republicans & an imbecile started running the show & the people lost that pride?
Own it sir, and turn it around by getting rid of that rotten apple and all his cohorts ... for this Nation, for our Military to feel pride.
Just think how morale would be if you were Captain.
Phuck that. Ur side is debating if Healthcare is a right as you SPEND HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF OUR TAX DOLLARS ON "DEFENSE".

Cry me a river
Wise up support our President Trump
please explain how the GOP will spend more on Defense while cutting everyone's taxes?
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain !u r responsible 4 all that happened  in the Obama years! U allowed it and continued to get richer! Be ashamed.
You had decades to fix please resign
While stationed aboard the USS Pigeon I encountered the same command climate. Senior officers putting their careers and ambitions over the welfare of the crew and the needs of the navy. This is not new this is not the exception.
Love you John but your saying this one ship is a microcosm of entire military?  Doubt it.  This ship is not happy with immediate CO.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
Well said
Money or leadership to the top.    How wide spread is the dissent?    How many more lives will be lost before change?
.@USNavy .@USMC
I beg to differ Sir, I think it is poor leadership.
The only budget related items listed are repairs, training, and relentless missions. Everything else listed is poor leadership.
This is a CO's incompetence can't blame the budget for one man's ignorance. Minor mistakes put sailors in the brig on bread and water
Genuine question. How does increasing spending fix the issue of bad leadership? The article focuses on sailors discontent with their command
Trump keeps cutting funding everywhere with no thought of possible consequences! Meals on Wheels cut etc ?
Gee, John. If only you had done something, ANYTHING, over the last eight years to stop this and other actions of a hateful left
President hates the White House. Doesn’t mean we give him more money
What does throwing money at it do to improve morale?
More than 1/2 trillion $ spent every year on Defense is enough!  Stop the waste, fraud & mismanagement at Pentagon.
Direct result of promoting based on a quota system vs. leadership. You should know about this, admiral daddy got you a jet=Forrestal RETIRE
The Pentagon should use the 10 TRILLION TAX DOLLARS they aren't accounting for to fill the gap. We're tired of being their purse.
No, it’s lack of training due to an over bloated military Senator.
I've experienced a few skippers like this. It sucks. Funding has nothing to do with shitty leadership. #Trippe #Leftwich #LakeChamplain
My son is in the Navy, at sea. They absolutely overwork these sailors. Quite a few have gone down with heat exhaustion/stroke.
I don't understand why morale isn't top priority. It's hard enough to get new recruits. Why not treat the enlisted well so you keep them in.
The best skippers I had considered themselves to be the “Morale Officer.” I don’t know why some don’t get it.
Could that disastrous morale be because of trump? Need to get him out Senator before he does damage beyond repair!
I turned off the television just in time to read your article. I can't watch that man one more second.  No wonder there is such low morale.
Ask your Admirals where the money went.
who ( in this day & age) sends ship-persons to discipline where bread & water is the meal? ...Sounds, at least, command & MAYBE funds??
You will never be happy until we spend 100% of the budget on war. It's a result of a military run amok with incompetent leadership because they have TOO MUCH MONEY and spend it on ships and planes we don't need.
Take a hike. Cos of you Obamacare is still with us.
The operational tempo, yes. The leadership failures are not, though, and won't be fixed by money.
More people promoted faster in war time resulting in more poor leaders focusing on their own careers not crew's needs.
Trump is fixing the problems caused by Obama. A little help from you on obamacare sticking to your campaign promise would have been nice.
Respectfully Senator, it is less about defense spending & more about the CO's use of bread and water punishment
How long have you been in Congress McCain? Why have you let this go on? Get out of Congress McCain.
I'm sorry to say this but I no longer care what @SenJohnMcCain says thinks or does
The morale of this country is dropping by the second. Most corrupt admin in history and the @GOP does nothing.
MAGA
Poor leadership leads to poor moral. It is a direct result of poor leadership.
With a current defense budget of $560B, the problem is not Money. It is managements inability to prioritize spending .
u are such an ass-watched Obama gut military-Trump trying to build it up, but u fight his agenda. term limits
Hey John, what was the morale on the USS Forrestal after you destroyed it?
Come back when you know what you're talking about troll.
What are you talking about? All we ever do is give the military more money!
Please do something to stop the President.  He is destroying the nation
Please digress
Not necessarily.
No it is jackass commanders that are afraid of losing there job if one of their sailors makes a mistake.
Survey #fnma and #fmcc shareholders about the disastrous effects of #fanniegate and illegal profit sweeps. Why won’t you do something?
Typical DEMOCRAT answer. Throw taxpayer money at it
Looks more like the morale issue had to do with a bad CO rather than diminished funding.
We oughtta ship in strippers like they did in the novie under siege wit steven sagal
Poor leadership isn't going to suddenly get better if you sprinkle billions of dollars on the Navy, Senator. This is a people problem.
This is a House & Senate Majority remaining SILENT problem. GOP recognize the RIGHT thing IF it happens to align w their self-serving thing
Thanks to Obama and the democrats for cutting the defense spending!  -- Short sighted
Eh? No it's not.  Quit pretending like spending exponentially more than any other nation on the military is a positive, we need cuts sir.
Morale is down all over the United States because of the moron in the White House.
Sounds like it’s more about command than money. A bad commander equals bad morale. Money has nothing to do with bad leadership.
What cuts!?! We just expanded it by $50 Billion
Rest of the govt isn't much better. The military isn't the only agency that's been defunded. It's just the most worshipped and best-funded.
Of course and democrats like pelosi and bernie want to lower it even more its time to #supportourmilitary
What's the plan?

#كي_لاننسى 
Do your job or resign #maga
Better yet, just resign.  Now!
Are you a real person?
You have been there 30 years. Retire McCain.
Yes, McCain, retire.  This state of affairs that Trump inherited is your making - you had 30 years to make this mess. Go home enjoy family
