Why don't you offer your prayers to the millions of American children you sold down the river for Betsy Devos? Moral leader
So you are saying you are ok with someone who bought their cabinet confirmation & is completely unqualified?
Donations she made to politicians are public. It takes literally 2 seconds to google it
Donations are not criminal even if made to your own party. I challenge you to check out Clinton!
Today you voted for Devos and sacrificed our kids future and education for campaign donations
Please keep speaking out! #PersistResist
you're a good man
We need more Republicans like you, right now. Thank you for your service & LOYALTY to America (no selling us out to Russia).
You are russophobia how come you show regret. 8 years more to work or live!
thanks for hanging the American student out to dry. 1/2
You care more about the Russian and dishonor the soldier that fights for our country you are a traitor.
You care more about Russia than you care about or Country.  Stand with the president. You shameful POS.
FFS if only he'd won in 2008...
I know. He cares so much about justice and freedom and he's not afraid to fight for it.
Yep. If all American politicians (Republican or Democrat) were like him then I think your country would be much better off.
Yeah, unfortunately McCain is one of a kind.
There are a few decent ones left. I like Ben Sasse.
I guess so. I think anyone good is going to be chased out by the Trump troll party.
Please, please get to the root of what happened with Flynn, Trump and Russia.  AMERICA IS COUNTING ON YOU.
Thank you for speaking, this needed to be said and it was eloquent.
Sir ........thank you.......i will include both of you in my prayers from your Canadian friend
your prayers shall be swallowed up by the grave just like you.
I pray for him too. There are heroes in Russia. @POTUS is on the side of their enemy.
BUT HOW WILL YOU VOTE SIR?! And will you get the investigation? Americans expect an answer on Russian interference.
Thank you Sen McCain. You are my hero. Thank you for always putting our country and all it stands for before party.  Love U
I'm surprised u haven't asked them 2 come 2 US.We have free food and medical,we'll just put more Americans and Vets out
Are you the senator for Arizona or the senator for Kiev?
Thx for not condoning #crookedtrump heaping praise upon #putinkiller You're one of the few @GOP that has ethics & integrity
. :)  We need a revitalization of Truth & Justice here in the U.S.. Deeply Concerned about POTUS & W.H. Advisors.
Thank you.Please Senator stand with the people. Country over party from a Dem with faith that you believe in our democracy
that draft dodger impugns your integrity at every turn. Stop furthering his agenda! #resist and continue fighting for USA
don't let the investigation get derailed. #allliesmatter
Thanks for having the courage to stand up for what's right & for giving voice to those who struggle to rise above a whisper.
Oh yes, you care so much for Russian people, that stand in your way to RF's wealth in oil and gas, diamond, forests and gold
Please, @SenJohnMcCain, stay this course, your country needs you. Bad yes votes aside, pls stick with your country's patriots
thank you!!!
you sir are a sell out, shame on you
more grandstanding by John McCain, the warmonger elite
@MorganLMartinez _Charity begins at home, Senator McCain. Stop for while and ponder_Is U.S. safe with Putin in White House?
and pray for Nixon the guy that brought your traitor ass back to life - #McCainthetraitor
that's right!
Thank you for bringing this too light.
why don't you apologize to the family of the SEaL member who was recently killed?  Your remarks are unpatriotic and heartless
Thank you, John
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZXBU5fv4dE …
The best you could do for that guy and Russian people is to take him away to the US. With no return.
Voting for Sessions, seems McCain is more interested in civil rights in Russia than in US. Cognitive dissonance?
and yet you confirm Sessions? Come on McCain. Is the "maverick" in you gone?
You hate Russia?
you're a sellout. Shame on you for putting donations to your campaign above Arizona children. Shame on you.
Commend you for your passionate Senate speech honoring Kara-Murza & for honest portrayal of Putin.
Worry about VETS in your state.  Do u even remember who u represent?  Your are not the PRESIDENT!  U are a Senator! Remember?
Now Honor Americans and get Trump out  Republicans work for Democrats independents All Americans  stop caving to Trump
@maddow reported this last week. It's time Tillerson brings him home & save his life. Plz Mr McCain.
Then I'll cast my yes vote in support of confirming as AG my longtime collegue and fellow white supremacist, Jeffo.
If J Edgar Hoover heard a POTUS praise KGB colonel in the way @realDonaldTrump has Putin request statement from James Comey?
Thank you for this speech sir. Please keep the pressure up until the President acknowledges the danger of Putin.
Well "said" Senator. Remotely Sending you some love, Vladamir.
shameful behavio; why don't you consider Americans first, Republicans and tRump second?
how in good conscience can you support the trash coming from tRump; just because he has stamped republican on his forehead?
Not happy with all things but this gives me hope. Please stand up for what is right. Right is not a partisan issue!
Thank you for standing up to our own would-be tyrant.
Just how did Trump & Bannon get security clearances???
thank you for saying what so many Americans want to voice
thank you
you should impeach Putin! Correction: I should have said his buddy Donald Trump!
$50,600 is how much it costs to buy you.
My heartfelt pain goes out to all the kids missing because of Pizza Gate
, why did you vote for Betty? I feel disillusioned by your ethics. I want to know who can be bought when I vote.
Thank you for this. It brings to mind a few questions.
Why is @SenateGOP voting for Trump’s incompetent but rich donors like DeVos and allowing Trump to create an oligarchy here?
Why won’t @SenateGOP vote against Jeff Sessions, who has clear conflicts of interest (Carter Page, Alfa Bank, etc.) ...
Great speech. I respect you. Will you fight to defy the tyranny of Trump? His authoritarian, destruction of our Democracy.
Sir I am no Republican BUT I have so much respect for you and your speaking out against Russia and Putin. Thank you.  @POTUS
:)))
your a sad old rich republican white guy now- useless but for $$$- make a difference, dig deep find your truth and ethics's
:
You are an American hero!
Thank you
Please do not confirm Sessions!  We rely on you to save our democracy!
please read #DworkinReport.Please help save American democracy.  We are so unsafe ( & embarrassed) w/ Trump. He is no leader
Thank you so much for standing up for America's values and holding the president accountable.  We need you more than ever
Good, Mr McCain. Will be interesting to see your decision as to Jeff Sessions and it's impact on US civil rights
Thank you for speaking on the behalf of Americans who do not wish to be equivocated with Russia.
As a Vet, I lean Democrat but I admire and have great respect for Sen McCain. he stands up for T & J unlike the flaky POTUS.
do something vote in opposition. You're a hero let us look up to you please
Very true & thx for reminding us. But still extremely disappointed you voted for Devos, unqualified to lead our children??!
Powerful stuff.
Wait, he's a Russian, don't democrats call Trump a treasonist for less?
#LetLizSpeak. I guess Correta Scott King’s words are just too grown up for GOP. Honoring Russians and dissing Americans, wow!
Maybe you will follow his example. #GOPlapdogs
@Kasparov63 thank you!!!!
when will you go back to fighting for truth and justice for Americans #shepersists
Pls update info on status of his health
Awsome! Keep fighting the god fight John! Much love from Sweden!
Congress is standing by why president impunes free press. Its only a matter of time until he adopts Putin like acts
when will ignorance understand that prayers are just a lazy cop-out, they never work and never will.
lost all respect for you with your vote for Devos. Thought you was a fighter but see you follow like all the rest. Shame.
Is the so-called president @realDonaldTrump aware of this address you gave?
Thank you for standing up against tRump. We need more of that. PLEASE HELP SAVE THE USA.
Pls watch this video of Sen John McCain statement about Poisoning of his friend & Russia
Given that out so-called President Trump continues to praise Putin, why are you not pushing for Trump's impeachment?
thank u for remembrng ur fight is 4 America & her people, not 4 a party. Its a lonly battle but ur man enuff! Stay t corse
Hey, John, remember when The Donald said you were not a hero? Remember that, John? Hmmmm?
Will you do the same for OUR people and stand up against Sessions, et. al., and their bigotry, or are you, afraid of Donald?
You gamble. You might end up with an Ortega instead of a Havel.
@Kasparov63 Thank you John McCain. I hope Trump listens to truth.
I think the world can wait you out !!!!!!
heartfelt prayers? Who do you pray to? The devil? Hate monger. How old are you now?
what about condolences to our children on your support for DeVos?
Retire already!
You sure have a hell of a way of showing it. You enable Russia's plant in the White House at every turn.
I'm thinking much of McCain's angst toward Trump is carryover from Trump's harsh affront to his hero status. Plz get over it.
moral outrage toward Putin; yrs of silence when it comes to the Saudi's. Go figure.
how about heartfelt tears to our children for voting yes to Betsy DeVoss . You don't care about their future do you?
@Kasparov63 You gonna offer ur prayers 4 the generation of children u sold ur soul 4 Those you've denied the education u got
@Kasparov63 Thank you for standing up for America. I am confused?! So how can you in all good conscience support his nominees
@MarkMcBurney is that you at 5 minutes 40?
yeah that was the contact lense phase 
and yet he was braver challenging the tyrant criminals that lead his nation than you are against the ones leading your nation
you, sir, are a hypocrite.
@Kasparov63 I support that. Wishing more colleagues would feel similarly after many signs that US headed down same road.
you are useless. Go back to bed.
...is a thing a coward says while his party helps Putin and he stands by and watches. Put up or shut up. FU for DeVos btw.
how about fighting for some truth and justice here? Start calling out the lies of our leaders
as a Maine voter I am outraged by the Senate voting to Silence Senator Warren.
Thank you for speaking clearly against tyranny where President Trump equivocates and drags the US down to the Kremlin gang.
@Kasparov63 
Thank you for fighting this good fight against Putin in my friend's name.
So much for being a maverick. You voted for DeVos, showing you have "courage" when it doesn't involve any actual sacrifice.
Today is the first time you even heard of this man, and now you are condemning Russia?  You no nothing.  Stop grandstanding.
What about fighting for justice for your own people, Mr. McCain? Do you really think that DeVos' nomination was for justice?
why oppose on Vladimir and accept someone like DeVos....oh wait.. You sold american kids education for 50,600 dollars. Shame
@Kasparov63 Tired of your big-winded bullshit.
No one will care when Trump sends you back to the Hanoi Hilton eventually.
At least McCain calls a thug a thug.  Trump shouldn't only be ashamed but arrested & impeached!
you used to have principles, how will you ever explain the DeVos vote?
Vladimir Kara-Murza was poisoned 2x by Putin, Trump idolizes Putin & you voted 4 Trump! How will you explain that 2 Vladimir?
Prove you're anti Putin by rejecting Sessions, who hired  #1 Russia hack suspect Carter Page to Trump foreign policy team.
- RESIST!
Bill Browder, do you also support ''moderate Islamist rebels'' in Syria like ''war hero'' McCain does?
@Kasparov63 thank you Senator MCain.
Bravo Sir!
why did you vote for Devos?  Ps a mother of 2 young children in the public school system I for one would like to know?
@DV8ByDesign Yet you voted for his poisoners friend Tillerson. I am very disappointed in you.
All GOP are bad. We can not trust @SenJohnMcCain to help us.
Sad but true.
you voted for Elizabeth Warren to shut up? And for DeVos? Some kind of hero you are. Actions beat words every day of the week
V. Kara-Murza is McCain's business project , that's what prayers about.
thank you, senator, from russian patriots. That means a lot for us.
yes this is terrible and so are your votes for Tillerson, Devos and sessons
pls stop 'moral equivalency' argument. Iraq, drones, arresting whistle-blowers, CIA death squads.. see the pattern?
just shut up enough of you who care what you think, the people voted for trump to help USA and you are against it, stay away
do something to get him out of Russia!!!!!
I wish that you & the ppl of the USA would honour this man as you did your forefathers, by living up to what they stand for!
This is wonderful. Now, why here at home won't you stand up against @POTUS ? You don't have another election to worry about!
you should extend your heartfelt feelings for our children, you should have said No to DeVos, I once respected you.
Fight againt horrible dictator Putin who thinks nothing of poisoning his enemies &start investigating his dear friend Trump
So do I but I ask if Putin does this to enemies wil Trump do the same. Watch yur back Senator. He's not as dumb as he seems
you voted for DeVos.  I list respect for you today.
But apparently @SenJohnMcCain doesn't care all that much for American Truth and Justice, since he just voted to silence @elizabethforma
fight against atirussian (in  fact) bandit putin!!
I hear you, & I appreciate that.  However, where was your vote tonight AGAINST DeVos, for crying out loud?
SAVE US! PLEASE, DEAR SIR, SAVE US!
for $50000? That's how pathetic you are?
For US to be respected and loved by Russia, we must not excessively interfere.  It's the responsibility of Russian people..
@HannahThoburn небось вы сами его и траванули. Нужна сакральная жертва режима? А? Джон?
thank you. We need a hero to speak up for what is right and stand up to the #SoCalledPresident #resist #ResistTrump
. @SenJohnMcCain @DavidWMcDuff Praying 4Kara Murza's recovery. Putin & his murderous regime must be stopped. Litvinenko warned us 11 yrs ago
@robertmooreitv.
stay classy John appreciate u!
why didn't you vote no on devos? I respect you. Why did you vote to ruin public education?
homeless and jobless ppl of Arizona require your assistance more than Murza, you are a senator of Arizona but not Moscow
stick to your Arizona issues Mr Senator instead of Kara, Murza, etc. Why do you put your nose everywhere?
you're a goddamn joke. First DeVos and then voting to silence Warren. You should be 'fired'.
We pray for Vladimir's recovery. Hope that u & Sen Graham continue to speak out.We need action 2 save our country fr dictator
. Nice message to Russian but you sell American children down the stream.Amazing. How do you live with yourself.
Please fight as hard for USA. Vote "no"  to defend Constitution against enemies domestic. My children thank you.
Proud that you are my senator!
Um OK Senator.  You vote to destroy US public education but still want to fight for the Russian people?  What's up with that?
THANK YOU SIR for standing up to these bullies Putin, Bannon, Trump.
Vote according to your constituent's interests, not yours or the $!
