You rode their name well enough!

Thank you McCain family for your service to our country!
Thank you for your service to this country.
They were good men..... I wish I could say the same for Senator john McCain the traitor......
I guess so!!! If it were not for your daddy, you would be a dogcatcher in some back water podunk town. And, we would all be better off.
So did you vote for the draft dodging loser?
The return of Song Bird McCain.
Please fade away. We do not want anymore of your wars. Do it for the country
I knew your Dad at Little Creek Va. A great character and inspirational leader..
Did you visit the Israel Child prisoners in your favorite contributor Lynn Schusterman. She locks up children There is a lawsuit on this
#disgrace
I thought our President said you were a loser? Thoughts?
McCain is a loser.
All 3 of you were among my inspirations for joining the Navy.  Many thanks to you and all who served before me.
My son is applying, he greatly desires to be a Seal.  His GP has distinguished service. Praying DT won't be his CAC.
Don hurts, but Mattis helps and we're much much too strong for one man to break us.
@MeghanMcCain @ChrisCoons @SenJohnBarrasso 

So awesome!
its shocking how & y Americans follow a racist , bully , liar , fraud , cruel and red neck Trump as President so sad
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for sharring family history. Worried about Iraq owing oil campaign promise, Yemen raid, & weapons to Saudi Arabia.
Even your Dad would b ashamed at your pizzagate involvement .
Would you have wanted to fight Trumps war or your sons?
Why are you a sore loser!
STAY THERE,!!!
Must have been a democrat scow.
@MeghanMcCain @ChrisCoons @SenJohnBarrasso  Your dad and grandpa fought commies, where you like communism.
Congratulations Senate.
Retire already. You're not qualified anymore and you're out of touch with real people
Thanks for your service, sir!
Mr. McCain i am so disappointed in u with regards to the idiot in the WH. He should be gone.
RUSSIA
Retire the ship and him!
Thank you for your sacrifice and service Sir. Makes me proud to have served and continue the fight that we defend
Wow that's bad ass to have a ship name after you what a honor the family should be proud god bless and god bless America
Congratulations to you!
Very cool Senator!
it would be an honor if your old ass would quit being a politician.
Looks about the same as when I was there in 1971\1972
As a PATHETIC EXCUSE if something isn't done SOON.  This is bullshit.  I once admired you, John McCain...
Did you get to drive her?
How dare trump insult our closest ally !! trump is the PATHETIC EXCUSE of a so-called president.  The GOP will go down in history
Proud!
John, you're the funniest! "Named after my father" is hilarious. Take credit my man, you deserve it.
It is named after his father and grandfather. We don't name vessels after the living.
Oops! My bad. I'll see Mr McCain soon and gives his father props.
A great honor and what a great trip it must have been. Congratulations. 
Please help hold the U.S. together.
#treason #Resistance #songbird
I ain't no senators son.
Your dad was also your grandfather?
That must be a great and very proud feeling to know your dad was so highly revered congratulations...
Did they have a dingy named for you? A traitor among us. @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
Will the Russians rename it when the illegitimate POTUS sells us out?
@SenJohnMcCain, you're a true HERO to our great Nation. Everything that you have faced and gone through show miraculous bravery AND POWER. I
thank you and salute you to the highest level of appreciation for everything that you AND your fellow members have provided us and that is
FREEDOM. It would be more of a huge honor to shake your hand & thank you in person. God Bless & may you always be protected & in good health
Get your ass into the Senate and start passing the President's agenda!  You were not elected for a free world tour on taxpayer dime!
Are you milking the GOP travel budget before joining the Liberal party @senjohnmccain?
Lucky you sentor.
My Military Health records made it to the VA in short order. That's not the problem people! It's the GOP budget cutting VETERAN Benefits
Meanwhile, on Planet Earth, the POTUS that McCain supports is attacking the closest ally of the USA.  Next to Russia, of course.
I would suspect your dad would be ashamed of you.
why do you suspect that?
