Your comments bashing 45 in Australia are not appreciated. You do not speak for me.
That's alright.... we already knew Trump is a goose. We didn't need JM to apologise. We will just re-engage when you find a competent POTUS
We already have a competent POTUS. Now we just need a competent tidal wave to Drain the Swamp so he can get things done.
Looks like the swamp is getting a tidal wave. Tidal wave Comey
Eh, no. Are you really this dumb? If Comey had something on Trump, he would have used it LONG ago. They all would have. Desperate
Let's see what he says next week because the water is starting to recede find high ground 
And you did as Obama did , sold us out ! We have our President, remember?
Nice that someone is fostering good relations with countries other than Russia....thank you!
Be sure to remind El Presidente when you see him. He clearly has a different idea about who our friends are.
Retire John before President Trump oust you.
No way our allies gonna trust trump & your morally reprehensible GOP colleagues. Get your GOP buddies off the trump train 1st
Thank you Senator McCain.
You Need to shut up and go home, Support OUr President and Top undermining him! You are what's wrong with our government
We, as Americans, not liberals or conservatives, need you and other politicians to hold our alliances together in these turbulent times
why when all you did was put the president down this country hates you and does not believe you honor this country or it's people.
YOU WERE ALWAYS A TRAITOR,, A SHITBIRD,, AND YOU NEVER GOT OUT OF SHORT PANTS
Since globalism, Deep State control of the WH, and endless wars turn you on, move to Germany or France. You fit in better there now.
Glad there's one Republican not try to alienate out allies. Thank you, Sir.
What $$$$$ can buy!!! amazing
Than do your job and get rid of the Russian traitor in the WH! Why aren't you doing anything? 
If u fight for the human rights.
Protect the Americans's human rights against radical Islam and allies LIBERALS!
Welcom vietnam
It's not an honor 4 Americans that you talk bad about our President to another Country!!!
YOU'RE UNAMERICAN!
And a TRAITOR!
This guy gets absolutely nothing done in the senate, but has time to travel the world. Time to retire!
Won't be long till your boy Donald pisses them off too. Do something about that crazy fool!
Digging the Velvet Underground-like riff in McCain's Australia video. Intentional?
What are the odds that @SenJohnMcCain is familiar w/ Uncle Lou? Pretty slim, I'd reckon. (His loss!) #ICan'tStandIt
How about honoring you'r Republican Party,and Optus #MAGA.
#NeverMcCain
You are managing a difficult task with aplomb. It's unfortunate that  members of your party lack the courage to back your comments publicly
What are you doing there? Get back to DC and help POTUS. You obstruct more then the Dems#
He obstructs Republicans... because his daddy is Soros.
I respect you,  but please stop apologizing for the president and support him.
I hope you are paying attention to tbe Traitors at home sir.  This is getting out of control. A man baby running amok. Step up John !
Sad to pop UR I'm important bubble but the Australians aren't worried about our alliance & don't need a #faketears senator to reassure them
Australia part of Paris Accord. What must they think of your hollow message? Wars resulting from enviro degradation will be catastrophic.
Re: The Great Barrier Reef die off. More than most people, it's your fault.
John McCain still can't figure out he's not president. Foreign policy is set by 
@realDonaldTrump, not a lowly senator.
Even though they intensely dislike us.   Some friends.
you are a pot stirrer without any consideration for america. move to cuba invite your democrat friends and live quietly so we can have peace
Sir remember the days ur life was at risk when u heroically stood up for America & her values u must act now to save America again from #45
You had no problem condemning my @POTUS while abroad.
Will you condemn Kathy Griffin's political stunt?
You are the breath of sanity left in the Republican party. PLEASE stay strong. Trump has got to go.
Perhaps you should stay for a long time.
You need to be in a nursing home
You are wasting public tax monies again. You need to in DC working not out playing.
Go home & STHU Songbird... @SenJohnMcCain keeping with his traitorous ways! Bad mouthing POTUS in Australia! 
Cowards do what Cowards do!! It's the only thing he knows #hurtfeelings
Impeach the fool who insulted their prime minister and threatens our alliances with all Western Democracies.
Don't let the US pull out of #ParisAgreement. Unacceptable.
You have a very striking avatar.
Surely you must know the greatest danger is the Chinese, they just prefer the shiv to the sword.
Hey John nice vacationing on my nickle.  When are you going to retire and move to Russia?
John just take your seat on the left side of the isle you old man with a grudge to our POTUS You r a TRAITOR!!! Can't stand to look at you
Senator,please visit the EU and mend our position with them, before something happens.@POTUS doesn't understand what he did with our allies.
thank you for your friendship & for being a voice of reason. Some of us rather wish you were visiting as the President
Why the hell are you visiting there? What problems are you creating now?
Go away you fake GOP war monger hater of the middle of America. Grand standing buffoon. Go away
McCain America's Traitor
Poor John McCain is losing it.Laughing stock at many meetings. Poor dear should retire FAST.Russia ho ho
he has said china= bully in the South Asia Sea
fuck the communism in china
say no to dictatorship, the china want to invade ally Aus
Arizona seriously you need to move on even if he won't. Your state looks like a bunch of old ladies who don't what they had for lunch
Pls remove your troops from our land, thanks
Keep the potus away to ensure alliance
Don't go to Australia & talk trash about the POTUS & claim you're speaking for all Americans. You're not. RINO
You stand with foreigners and Against your own. #ShamefulMcCain
Thank you 4 staying true 2 your values. I tweeted you right after DJT moved his cronies into the WH and said I was very afraid. Still am.
Traitor to our Country.  Just because you are a gimp doesn't make you a hero.  You will get your karma for betraying our President.
Thanks, John. Can you go fix things with Germany, France and all our other European allies now?
But yet once again you go bashing the @POTUS . You're a real piece of work. You need to resign.
Who sent you there? You do not speak for America, you do not speak for us. You are just a Sen from Desert state not the President..
Senator, on yr return it's vital u demand suspension of #JaredKushner #securityclearance. Mtings omitted on his #SF86 incl Gorkov & Kislyak.
John  McCain official role: damage control around the globe until this madman leaves office.
John McCain: best man in Washington (still!)Now THAT'S a meeting to be proud of.
Still spending our hard earned money for no apparent reason. What business U.S can u do in Australia? Go home ,quit spending our money
My father fought in the South Pacific alongside the U.S. - long may our great alliance continue Senator. Hope your trip was memorable 
Traitor , going around the world like you are a president, sit the f down
Thank you for being the voice of sanity in this crazy time!
Stop the f-cking madness in our country! You know this is not right! Country before party ! Most of the American people know! It's clear !!
As one former naval officer to another, It is clear that Russia has captured the White House. What are you doing about it?
Trump has destabilised NATO.This administration is a threat 2 global security. When will you act??
Where was all this gun ho attitude when Obama was giving us over to Iraq, Iran, Russia,
Thank you. At least someone in our government is trying to strengthen ties to our allies
We need to work on Gernany too I guess.
Too bad #Potus isn't an appropriate diplomat to our allies! Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Get your butt home and do some work.
Your interview in Australia was a disgrace. This personal problem you have with the Russians is disgusting to watch. Time for term limits
Should have stayed there!
Please swing by Germany and France on your way home for damage control! #NATOmeeting
The President already did that.  Who TF do you think you are??
Hopefully you didnt forget again to bring your Depends. Rather embarrassing peeing yourself in public like you did last month.
Hope you enjoy spend our taxpayer money. Getting sick & tired of you Republican fools. Seems all play & no work. Trump appts. & Obama care !
How's the undermining going today Senator?
You might want to make your president aware of that strong alliance.
Can you please stay there? We don't want you back, better yet go help the Syrians or Libyans you want to do badly, they could use a decoy
Maybe we can get lucky and they will invite you to retire down under.
We are not honored to support you
And what exactly does the people of Arizona get for your travels to Australia? When did you become president? Oh wait.. lost to Obama.
Unless our POTUS sent you there with a message then you shouldn't b. Had ur chance n blew it. As an AZ voter I am ashamed I voted for you.
Better keep Trump away from them.  Seems his goal is to isolate us so Russia is our only ally.  Kinda of scary, don't you think?
Please step down after term

Did you have to apologize to the PM for when Trump hung up on him?
Could you go visit Germany next and find out what Trump said that made Merkel believe our alliance was broken.
I want to thank you for your independent thinking regarding this president!  You are a true patriot, something sorely lacking in GOP today!
Would love to see a list of priorities upon this was listed ahead of.   Still can't even get rid of S. Helman. Or veteran health care.
Please tell your president to stop alienating US friends
And to dis the President.
Another boondoggle.
A waste of my tax dollars.
Hope you can clean up the prez's mess.
But they still can't share intel with us as long as the GOP is in office. We're in trouble. @thejointstaff @SenatorCardin @SenFeinstein @FBI
Many thanks for always representing America so well.
Are you there to assist recruitment to Isis for Marawi City? Just stay there. You hurt America.
Your boy is insulting all of our allies. You have a lot of work to do to clean up after him.
Thanks Senator, we need all the friends we can get. POTUS is on tear undoing our alliances. Russia not our friend. Frustrated Republican
I think you meant "lifelong Democrat".
No, did not vote for Obama, proud I didn't vote for Trump. A Republican
You have no business there! Learn to keep your traitor mouth shut!
retire please you do no good for the Republicans
What country John? You obviously don't support America and it's President.
Hate this rino why does Arizona keep sending this prick back again and again
Who pays for all these worthless trips. Taxpayer ripoff!!!  TERM LIMITS
Please retire sir. You are a war hero and I respect and thank you for that but your time has passed and you risk humiliation by staying on
Please stay there, you don't belong in the USA.  For the good of the country  @GovMikeHuckabee @GOP   @SenTedCruz
You can't follow him around the world&fix this.His words&actions http://matter.You  must stand up to him here on our soil and save us.
Now John don't let trump go there. He and his cowards will make enemies there after you went and helped
Why aren't you speaking out against tRump??
Maybe you should go to Germany as well. Trump bungled the trip and cost us a valuable ally.
What pays this expensive trip? Americans funding this vacation?
60 votes not 51. Don't disenfranchise the voters & their reps again. It adds 2 the damage already done. #60Not51 @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein
2 say "Trump Won" the elec. U cont. a narr. U know is false & U discount all of us who had our voter reg. hacked/changed.We are real people.
You represent Arizona not the USA. Quit wasting tax payer money and get to work on America issues.
You, after Vietnam compared to other POW's that didn't sell out. #JusticeComing
Who gives a rats ass what rinos do no matter where they are always a rino
Are YOU planning to visit NATO / Angela Merkel ?
They r either humoring a senile traitor about to be removed or u r paying them off.U paid over 10 mil for your seat on armed forces committe
Please stop in Germany on the way home
Thanks you for showing the respect Australia deserves! The POTUS shld have done it but glad you stepped up sir...
Get your own nation in order, start with your party. Damn!
I am so disappointed with@SenJohnMcCain and the way he has not supported our President.  Hope he is not reelected.
@JohnMcCain take some time in the the USA to state what is collusion/treason vs. niavity.
Sir you're going to have to do quite the apology tour with our allies.
Just stay in Australia
@realDonaldTrump is a traitor, undermining US security. Time for forceful speech on Senate floor, @SenJohnMcCain. Republicans must act.
Retire already. We are so sick of you
Just waiting for your friend T.Rump to screw up that relationship also. When are you going to wake up Mr McCain?
there is a time for all seasons; time to watch sunsets from Arizona
Rip Tinto have anything to do with this junket? Arizona is a 16 hour flight northwest.
died Zbigniew Brzezinski, the next you're McCain ))
Why don`t you do something to rein in @realDonaldTrump while we still have some friends and allies left.
Go home. Go to sleep. You're done. Stop undermining #mypresident . Walk away Hero.
#McCainDumbestMemberofTheSenate
#JohnMcCain says Putin is a greater threat than ISIS.  #McCainDumbestMemberoftheSenate
Thank you for batting clean up
Help us now. PLEASE. Be the hero we know you are. PLEASE take the wheel of this beautiful country and steer us to safety.
Could you go to Germany next to repair the damage @realDonaldTrump did there last week?
They go to every place of conflict you tell them to go. They have been great puppets to you John  #Australia
Don't u think it's time to show his tax returns? Seems like a good time to me! If he wasn't hiding something he would want 2 show them!
Yeah @POTUS treated them like  senator the clock is ticking. The GOP must recognize the crises we are in and act now. @funder @JoeNBC
Why don't you give us all a break. STAY IN ARIZONA
what the fuck are u doing there- get back to DC- either do your job or retire
How about you stay there ....? Please??
Nope, we don't need this moron to be here, thanks.
Allaqbaar #AbuMccain
u need to take a walk about and never come back
If you get back to the nursing home in time, you will make it for Tapioca night.
Thank You Senator

