
Would have gone to Ft. Leavenworth  USMDB for treason if not for the pardon given by Pres. Nixon. Fact
This is FALSE.  I fact checked it.  Russian Bot?  Or just stupid?
Guess I fell for CNN like all of you people do.
I did not hear McCain's story on CNN.  McCain, as a POW was given the opportunity to leave. He refused to leave men behind.
Please give PolyMVA a try. You can find dr's in Arizona and Oregon to treat you with it.
Dear Senator McCain, You're the only republican senator, that I have or will ever vote for. Thank you for continuing to live up to hunch.
Hey senator your an idiot!  Go be a democrat!!!
Why oh why would you place thumbs down on health care. Do you know what's going on in Arizona? Your governor says yes, so what's your excuse
Trump
Cindy, pls c ketogenic diet-strict but > survival. My friend 3 yrs remission-on ketogenic diet. Google clinical trials,u.s needs john
It says he is a man of principles. The bill is junk and he is right about regular order. Bless you, Senator.
Will do Senator McCain!
Please vote no again on #GrahamCassidy! 
#killthebill not us!
Your vote against #trumpcare will save lives!
No it won't, because we r drowning. Obama care is just about exploding everywhere. And if u do have it u can't afford to use it
I pray for you, Senator. You are a real American Super Hero. I am a Democrat, yet I have always admired you. 
Why because he got captured lol
That don't make your u a hero!!!
dude I don't care if you did a four hour interview. You do what you want. YOU SIR ARE A FREAKING HERO! :)
Looking forward to it.
ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!! So you can lie some more????

No thank I'll pass u'll just lie as always. I feel sorry for u living a lie all these years. Guess the money & greed haven't helped much.
Go be a democrat John!!!!!!
Your no hero!!!
John, you've become irrelevant now that you're "Today's Benedict Arnold". #McCain
Sorry Senator but your constituents are not interested in double-speak. Represent them, not agenda of your buddy Soros. #recallMcCain
Thank you Senator for not voting for this new "healthcare" rule.
I'm glad that Senator John McCain has shown his bravery and heroism not only on the battlefield ,but also on the political battlefield also.
Let me guess, you're a democrat?
You bet,also a veteran
He despises Trump and he's willing to hurt the American people over his personal feelings. May have been a hero 50 years ago, but no longer
TRUMP BOT ALERT!!!
I have blocked jayman b4. Thank you.
And that Michele bot.
Stop doing interviews and go work to support #GrahamCassidy
A "very convenient" type of cancer. Moonshot Cell immunotherapy for Neuroglioblastoma!
So sorry to hear the grim news. Thank you for your service to our country, and your ongoing commitment to Freedom and the U.S. #Hero
Praying you can beat this .
Retire you old p.o.s!!!
I have a brain tumor. Don't give up my friend ( John Mc Cain). My prayers and thoughts are truly with you.
Wishing you renewed health.
Be sure 2 read this first! http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ …
Our grandson had brain cancer after remission. He died-8 yrs old-2011. Before Obamacare took off. Sympathy is for those on Obamacare now.
would be great if people depending on the same treatment weren't priced out with your buddy's new bill, john.
thank you for your no vote senator
Yes, thank you for putting we the people before party politics.
"We the people", or you the idiots?  Over 60% of country want ACA repealed.
i don't follow, can you submit this in the original russian?
It’s as if it’s attempting to communicate. I don’t think it’s Russian, I think it’s inbred southern education.....
No thanks - watching you kill any chance of a change, and go back on your promises was enough.
You betrayed your party, your friends, and the people who voted for you, expecting you to keep promises. Dems, elites, socialists rejoice
Thanks for keeping your integrity and commitment to the American people. I truly sleep better at night knowing that u r in the Senate 
#TraitorMcCain

LOL at this McCain #Obamacare ad from *way* back in 2016. "Leading the fight!" 
Must be nice to long have to live under Obozocare laws like everyone else.
Why don't you vote to get it to the floor,instead of whining about no process. No guts!
#TraitorMcCain  #diealreadypos
Stop done interviews and do your job remember your campaign promise about Obamacare well Pantley you don't care about the American people
I HOPE GET GET S WORST
Wishing you a full and speedy recovery, Mr McCain
How much have you been paid John? This betrayal is unconscionable!
Will NOT watch you - you LIED to Arizona, you LIED to America, Repeal & Replace - SHAME ON YOU
It appears your  health has  impaired  your thinking  need to retire now!!  REPEAL Obamacare now!
Vote yes.  Do what constituents want not what you want.  We want progress NOW
Your insurance coverage is subsidized by taxpayers - Middle class taxpayers aren't & most wouldn't be able to afford care you're getting
MANY of us have heard those words.  You have cancer.   You have GREAT insurance... not Obamacare.  Most don't.  Shame on you!
LYING POLITICIANS LYIN'MCCAIN
We need you more than ever before!
Brained traitor to your party and country
Brain dead traitor!
Love and appreciate your heart for this great country @SenJohnMcCain !!  Deep respect and many prayers for you today and always!
Who cares? This episode is all about you and CBS - a mutual admiration partnership. My screen will be dark.
Wishing you continued good health
Biggest traitor ever at 80's
Who cares about a liar and traitor Not just to your own state but the whole country #sad
No thanks
Traitor
I certainly will watch someone I respect!!!
as usual,all about you.Many have suffered at your hands  Songbird.My husband died from Vietnam.
Thank you John!!!
John McCain is charlatan. Get rid of Obamacare.  John MCcain lied to us/
.. Stopped watching McCain became old and incapable of making logical votes. Won't get elected again.
Thank you for your opposition  to that bill hatched in darkness
I surely will be watching  May God Reward U For being the best That GOP could Offer Save the Patty Of Lincoln Make America Sane Once more
Why so we can see you have good healthcare? Rest of us cannot afford Obamacare coverage that your pals the Dems stuck us with.
Is he going to come out as a Democrat tonight, because he sure is voting and acting like one? It's time for term limits. This is ridiculous!
I'd rather be water boarded than to watch you!
Sorry for your illness but pls #repeal Obamacare. #beaheroTODAY!

As a fellow Vietnam Vet, I have no intention of watching your BS interview.  You lied so much on Obamacare that I don't belive you prick.
Check out @tbailey5477's Tweet:
ThinkYou Know John McCain?

WATCH THIS …
NEVER WILL WE SUPPORT OR WATCH YOU TRAITOR J MCCAIN
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,tragedy regarding McCain brain cancer,such a great fighter,recover & get well soon..
You sir are my hero once again.Courageous to the core!
Thank you for sharing, Senator. My best thoughts are with you and I appreciate your current & continued service to our country.
Why?
Senator, put PEOPLE before yourself & get over your revenge crusade on POTUS and vote YES.  Do YOU have Obamacare? Please see it from here.
You're my hero. Has rump or any of his family served in the Armed Forces or been a POW. Rumpette, how long would you last???
There will be a movie about your life made one day. God Bless
Never
$1000 premiums with 10k deductible is not health care.
You're a great man, but you ran last time on repealing Obamacare. Very disappointed you broke your word.
Traitor
Stay strong Senator. My dad was diagnosed with a glioblastoma. His was the result of Agent Orange exposure in Vietnam. Brave warrior
American Traitor!
Why did you vote no....now what with American healthcare
Definitely will!
No thanks. You don't support Americans so certainly will NOT support you in any way shape form.
Please quit promoting yourself. Go home
We don't feel sorry for you.  You are selling this country out.  Blackmailed?
No one cares why would we watch u have great healthcare we pay for unlike us who have hard time getting as paying for obamacare
No thank you
Thank you, sir for all you have given to our nation.
America needs all included healthcare system. We can spend 600 billion on military and not provide healthcare. I am a vet but wrong is wrong
Uuuh NO
#SongBird
R U kidding! Resign
Ur so wicked @SenJohnMcCain get out and go home we don't need u Washington DC!
Thank you senator!
You have been such a disappointment. You railed for repeal for 7 years and now you cave?
Will do
I have it set to record, & have my tissue box handy. Your lifelong courage, character, & heroism is an example for generations to come. TY.
Thank you for voting NO on Sept 30th. You saved my dad, husbands life! I will be watching
Hope your treatment is going well!
I can't.. you keep bringing me to tears.. lol..
Keep leading the way, Senator!
PA told me, "Don't worry ur tests were fine" Then dr told me "You have cancer." #GutWrenching. But u're a fighter. Stay strong!
Never your being paid off by Hillary Clinton and you know it thanks for screwing US 1/2 country hope you can sleep #Retire
Traitor
Praying for you!
No way will I watch this guy. Most all of republicans are ashamed of him
who really cares!  Sad that you are ill but come on vote for the health care
More junk news???
No thank you
Sir, yes sir.
I rather watch paint dry then watch your interview
No desire to so this democrate
Don't believe the diagnosis traitor
#JudasMcCain
Glioblastomas are rarely curable and have a poor prognosis.
are you on obamacare?  probably not.  must be nice to be an elitist with special care and cadillac type insurance
John McCain you need to have the insurance that you have put out of reach for working Americans and http://seniors.You  are a traitor
Nope, your right up there with Manning, Hillary, Comey,Rice, Lynch and Obama. Enemy of the people!
You are an embarrassment to the Republican party and the U.S. Navy. Paul Fontaine, CAPT USN, A-4 pilot.
I would not miss it.
Your obstructionist actions in the Senate make you unworthy to be watched on 60 minutes
Yeah that's not going to happen!
Watched the Ken Burn "The Vietnam Era" on PBS Thur. You were prisoner being interviewed in bed & speaking to your wife. I cried! Bless You
America has lost all respect for you.
Sad you are going down as the worst senator on record.So jealous of Trump u will do anything 2 hurt him, along w people.Pride goes b4 fall
No, u r turning on middle .  #turncoat. U care more about ur self then the people.U know ACA is failing. Ur ppl suffering. Not maverick 

I think if Trump signs an executive order tomorrow saying we,the taxpayers r NOT gonna subsidize congress/staff at 75%,they will move on it
TRAITOR!!! U SHOULD RESIGN OR CHANGE PARTIES!
Hope for best! We all are praying for you and we remind to be stay UNITED in politics and our people who rooting for you! 
I'll be watching. Thank you Senator McCain for standing up for what's right.
Looser
Ohmygosh, I feel for you. My finance's glioblastoma diagnosis was out of the blue too. He had sham insurance - Association of Self Employed
The sham association insurance was outlawed under ACA. We didn't know it was a sham until his brain tumor diagnosis. Premiums were not cheap
So on top of a devastating diagnosis, we were fighting a predatory insurance co denying treatment. I put chemo (Temador) on my credit cards.
Thank you and bless you for helping protect Americans Senator McCain.
#TraitorMcCain
Just come outta the closet tonight, John & admit ur a democrat! I think brain tumors effect thinking, & u should resign 4 sake of country!
SONGBIRD you are not the only person with or has had cancer I myself am a cancer survivor. POW highlights
Wouldn’t miss it
You need to leave Washington 2 face it baster
You are a true American Hero. Who really gives a _____ for America. THANKS!

U should be ashamed of yourself. Why not imagine you having to get the treatment you need if YOU were on Obamacare!You’re a liar and a fraud
God works in mysterious ways
You are a traitor to America.
If the bill is not to your liking, FIX IT !!!
No thanks
i don't watch or listen to demorats! or snakes 
No thanks.
Good to see that your ratings are more important then Americans
Thank you Sir for your vote of NO confidence in trumpcare. The uphill battle just got easier for America.
sometimes cancer works too slow :( on some people and too fast on good people..
I will be front and center
If YOU were in Obamacare you would not get the great care you are getting. ALL government employees should be on it if it is so great.
