How does this cookie crumble?  I'll bet it tastes like sulfer.
Cookie looks great, sir please step out of gov and remain silent so our elected President can't get we the people's agenda done, step aside
More like this
Prayers continue for you. . Love the cookies.
I found one that suits you much better.
The people voted Trump in, Not McCain. McCain and others don't get that. This is NOT business as usual which has failed over and over.
Eat this cookie and you turn into a nasty old man
Dang! Can he get a cookie without being bashed? Poor man has cancer! Sheesh... let him enjoy the little things once n a while.
@Cookies_right gees have all the fun you can sen mc Cain
Oh please! He's a traitor to his party and should be recalled!
Maybe to you... not to me. He represents the ppl not the party. Thankfully I’m a Democratic so I appreciate it.  #Traitors
I can't believe I supported your presidency.Why have you forsaken your country and President. I thought you had honor. I was so wrong


Did "John The War Monger", go soft.
Yeah what a leader who will criticize President Trump, but never lifted a FINGER to say shit about Worthless Obama when he ran against him ?
I can't eat your cookie till you fix our Medical
Have always loved you! You would be a great POTUS!!
Stay Strong!
You are a good man!!!
Only thing missing is the word TRAITOR ON THE FOREHEAD
Traitor....
Cutest thing I've seen all day
You're a traitor #songbird #RecallMcCain
Hope you chick on them!!
He's not a traitor. He's always been a poser. He's a lifetime big Government Stooge.
Thinking of you Sen. McCain and wishing you good/better health!
That's not weird at all.
That's so sweet
Traitor  cookies, what flavor?
is there a jelly tumor?
@OlgaCollette pretty cool!
Dead yet?
Except they dont show the jealousy and treachery this urchin is spreading all over the Republican Party. You are a bad man.
The eyes  are perfect...
Be well @SenJohnMcCain 
Country over party...
choke on this cookie ..retire now
Looks like Draco Malfoy
Are you the leaker???

weak man feels threatened like him. trump has to go. He's a threat to the world. Do something please for the sake of us all.
Please help to rally your fellow public servants to get this "man" out of office. Nuclear threats shouldn't be a concern in 2017. Only a ...
thank god we can eat you. Stay home and I guess your a Dem. But you ran on Trump Shirt tails to win.
Senator thank you for speaking out re: Trump threats that could start nuclear war. Words good but Congress needs to Act against Trump. 25th!
Idiot #lotus
Them cookies look as old as you..hopefully they are your retirement cookies
I mean - it would be like self admiring too much
Kind of odd to eat cookies with your face
You are not the president. Step down you democrat. I think you have chemo brain. Don't enemies open your mouth. Traitor republican
Traitor or coward? Both. Trump called you out for what you are! Trump was right again!
Senator, we want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts for doing all you can to protect us!  You are the ONLY politician we can trust!
Besides democrats, no one wants to hear from you anymore.  You showed your true colors, traitor no hero.  You are IRRELEVANT!!
Please retire @SenJohnMcCain! You no longer represent anything close to Republican or conservative. 
So happy @realDonaldTrump won, he showed us how pathetic and dishonest politicians are. #DrainTheSwamp #recallMcCain
When will you shut up. @POTUS  doesn't need your two cents on N. Korea. You are a fake republican. No loyalty. Dishonorable. Go away.
Traitor
Cookie is crap 
AZ  another insurance company pulling out come on McCain  you're sell out !
Why dont you switch parties already. You're a traitor. Youre the trojan horse for the Dems. Makes me sick that I supported you for @POTUS
When are you going to support our president?  You are the most worthless Republican in my lifetime.
Mr Senator Evil John McCain
Support & team play a lesson McCain needs.  His best gift is "himself" center of attention again,,,
hey you are not helpful when it comes to North Korea-SHUT UP
Stand behind the POTUS
If that maniac starts WWIII, this is on you & republicans. 
Do something! We know this is his distraction 4 #TrumpRussia, but he's crazy! 
No, it goes back to Clinton, Bush and Obama. Get the facts straight!
yea, we're talkin' to you!
Ugh!
There should be a bug T on it for traitor.
Soft and breaks easily just like you.
Gross
Where can I get one would like to crumble & feed the crows.
Eat your cookies and stay out of politics. @SenJohnMcCain doesn't represent conservative voice
You need to retire sir, you're personal issues have gotten in the way of your job and you've screwed the American people
Be safe be healthy senator McCain - we NEED you!

Do something. Do nothing. Do something. Do nothing. You are all over the aisle on NoKo.
Congress approval rating 20%.
Very appealing if not terrible sweat!
John, for the sake of your country and countrymen, put aside your petty squabbles and support your president! Very frustrated


You need to #Resign
Offer one to McConnell. I hear he still wants to bite your head off.
Must taste stale just like your career, retire!
You have failed the American people on Obama Care. Repeal!
LOL. Pretty cool
Fake Republican McCain, You're toast not supporting the Repeal of Obamacare.. You won't ever be missed.
I never said this to anyone...it's hard to say it to you...good riddance to you. It can't be soon enough
Voted for you as a Presidential candidate,but you have become a Stain and Disgrace to America! Be ashamed,be very ashamed!

You want to do something give this country a leader that thinks before opening mouth. Give us Hillary so she can clean this mess up.
The things u focus on are child like. Retire or go back to D.C. And get something done. Revolutionary for u.  Shirker..
That's wonderful.  Did you eat it? Or just save it - kind of too cute to eat

Haha. 
Pretty good but let's be real - Too much hair (frosting)
LOL that's hilarious! Good on you! i would love that!
You broke your word with your voters for hate. This is how you will be remembered. 
Tumor filled cookies?
Liar
This is in direct response to the kid who couldn't get a DJ Trump cake, weak/low/backhanded/insult to that kid and ALL who did vote DJ Trump
Is it cookie or kookie?
CUTE!  HV STARTED WITH YR TREATMENT.  BELIEVE YOU'RE FINE, RIGHT.   THUMPS UP!
Please step down from your Job, Senator McCain. You do not represent the republican people and the agenda people voted for. Thank you
You're a traitor.
Just needs a tattoo with the word fraud on its forehead and it would be perfect
You are e disgraceful!
Looks good. Stay away from the Trump cookie. It's half-baked!
This is in direct response to the kid who couldn't get a DJ Trump cake, is weak and low to the kid. Please keep stirring pot 2020 closing

Half baked
WTF?
We need analysis, My Dog Could do better than trump. GOP allowed him to be in power. They could have stood against lies about Hilary, FAILED
My dog finished first, your spineless pup couldn't get off the porch, if 2018 doesn't change his tune, 2020 he's baked/fried. Keep it up
Nice cookies. Maybe you could call your peers now about completing the 25th Amendment. Or you'll all be guilty of people dying from his shit
Yeah, he can't get enough of himself, he had to run it in,some kids face who couldn't get a DJ Trump . Backdoor  is deep state, must go
America can take care of DPRK without YOU!!
Sorry about being blunt...
AMERICA IS bigger than you.
The Uncanny Valley Cookie
John!,
You don't need to be part of everything! or be answerable about every last thing thats going on. You can sit out a FEW.
won't hurt!!
Why are you such a democrat, support our president. We voted for Trump not you.
Thank you for saving healthcare for millions of Americans
Yeah, he sure caught that ball and ran with it. Stand up guy, worked out of vote w/fake procedure. 2020 coming soon, can't wait
So sweetliterally and I want one2!
We love you John McCain! I do. I have such admiration for you!
Traitor
BREaKINg: Mccain is under investigation for leaking:
Does it lie too?
I'm glad they left off the lobotomy scars. That would be gross. Not yours. Just eating them on a cookie is gross. Yours suit you to a T.
Go fly into a tree mccain
Is be careful of that cookie. It'll turn on you quickly and turn your stomach to mush & you'll be heading for the toilet.
BoyCott Cookies in bloom for traitors.
Lifelike? Is that how you see yourself?
Thanks now I'm gonna have nightmares
Cookie McCain is chasing you on your dreams. Can't believe I actually waited in line with Obama voters. Cookie had me fooled for decades
Does it say traitor on it?
When you are done eating cookies please start the impeachment process, Trump is unfit and you know it.
How appropriate. Your decisioins have been eating us alive!
Awesome!
Crisis brewing with North Korea. POTUS threatens nuclear war. You tweet @Cookies_inBloom @AZ_Indivisible @Arizona_Strong @PHXIndivisible
I grow tired of this cookie-laden foreign relations and military policy ...
North Korea just released a Canadian pastor held for months.
BTW u always been my fav AZ Senator. Hope you stay strong and kick cancers ass!
It seems like you are taking care of yourself for the first time in your life!  Enjoy, rest and recover soon!
Is this a cannabis cookie review? Yay! @HighTimes @tommychong @HIGH_TIMES_Mag  @420Magazine
That's McCainnibalism!
It's quick draw cookie McCain bomb bomb bomb iran
Thank you for making it look like the Republican Party doesn't have a spine. What a worthless group of politicians... and that the nicest.
Shut your pie-hole.  The man just had surgery!
How are we with no health care options and all of you go on vacation . You don't give a dam is what I see and hear
Your cookies look just like you.  How are you feeling Sen McCain? 
Very nice. Hope you're feeling great!    
And thank you @dogfarts for the putrid & authentic dog farts
I love cookies & our country. Help us out of this nightmare presidency, PLEASE, John McCain.
Don't know what's worse, your seditious rhetoric, or off track ramblings. Get to work and do what was promised or RETIRE.
Thinking of you!  Hope you are staying strong and your family is showering you with love! 
Shouldn't you be working on repeal and replace? Get off the air and do what POTUS tells you to do.
Cool cookie - Best wishes that your treatments are going well. You're in our family prayer every night.
Lol...very cute.
Quit eating cookies and get back to work
I love this!!!! Get well soon  you are loved!!!
You are a gentleman and true statesman! Such respect for you! 
