TODAY TRUMP POSTED A VIDEO OF VIOLENCE AGAINST THE PRESS. HE IS MENTALLY UNSTABLE. PUBLICLY CONDEMN HIS VIOLENCE!
please stop the prez he is not well before he starts a war
Most of your life spent in wars and public service defending this country. Speak the hell up, your party and country are under attack.
Your party's leader is calling for violence against journalists. Why do you support this? This is un-American.
The alliance is SK risking incineration to help Trump threaten China with a nuclear first strike.
PLEASE, someone needs to walk into the Oval Office and strongly suggest that embarrassment to step down!
Trump is staining your own reputation b/cuzyou are enabling him, instead of standing for country.u r writing your own history
People are scared Mr. McCain, please help oust 45 from office. My children are frightened as well as everyone we know.
How about the latest attack on CNN, McCain?" And "I'm president, and they're not." You should be so proud, Lindsey.What price is your soul?
Both Russia, Lindsey closet.
We have honorable and respected men like Dunford reaffirming ties. We don't need you mucking it up. Stay home, McCain.
I'm sorry, but if you just take a look at your leader's Twitter-account, I don't think America needs a foreign policy any more.
When a member of media is harmed, the blood will be on your hands,Trump's hands, all GOP hands. "Who will rid me of this meddlesome priest?"
With no help from you.
And never will.
The #GOP continues to lose its grip  @SpeakerRyan @BernieSanders @SenWarren
what the Hell were you doing there RINO?
Dems stand in solidarity no matter what. RINOS can't get together to pass gas! Stop arguing & do what u promised. Ur why we need term limits
https://www.facebook.com/FunnyVideosbyDiply/videos/2043482235702382 … New video of our #ModernDayPresidential
USE THE 25th AMENDMENT NOW!WE CANT HAVE PRESIDENT INCITING VIOLENCE!UR MOMENT IS NOW:COUNTRY COUNTRY BEFORE UR DAMM PARTY
You've been tweeting all day. Care to tell us where you stand on this anti healthcare bill?
Shhhhhhhh. Not healthcare. He can't tweet about the healthcare he's taking away. You weren't supposed to notice.
This. He's not singing now.
Cool. But DJT just tweeted something to the contrary. Please work w House to draw up papers to impeach.
May I ask you to not repeal the ACA
senator do you notice how many democrats love you?  See a problem here?
I'm a democrat and wonder what the f you're talking about.

Newsrooms around the country are having to spend additional money on security for staff because of the president's anti-media incitement.
Soooo WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THE PRESIDENT, Sir? He is unwell! Do something! What is wrong with the @SenateGOP ??!! Wake UP!
"INSANE" MCCAIN U R A RINO-SWAMP-CREATURE-TRAITOR ISIS LOVER U BELONG IN N. NOT S. KOREA! DO AMERICA A BIG FAVOR: LEAVE CONGRESS & US NOW!
John McCain is the only who remembers history and alliances. He remembers and respects those nations that have helped/assisted  USA.
Are you concerned about wrestling gifs yet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFYZmGqcss0&list=PL7NtRwkSOM_aiMqcinvemPRVZzenbeWnV&index=1 …
Must listen to Pakistan point of view regarding india involvement in Afghanistan
Good to see you in Pakistan hoping for the best
Rachel Maddow Just Said What The Rest Of The Media Won’t About Trump’s Vile Twitter Attacks http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/01/rachel-maddow-just-said-rest-media-wont-trumps-vile-twitter-attacks/ …
You should have the same respect for US citizens and not sign the genocide of the Senate/McConnell health bill, but u R a coward.#Resist
Have you seen this disgusting pic?!
Do any of you see that he's crazy?   You know who I'm talking about.  Do you guys see it?
Please just go away
Our values of eating dog?
Obstructionist &swamp-dwellers enjoy the slim  Arsehole.  Not a hero .. just jealous.
Know this John, #IranHatesMEK
Senator: it's time. We need you to speak up and speak the truth about the president
Senator, you are leader in many people minds of the Republican Party and respected by many. Why have you not spoken out about Trumps tweets
President Moon doesn't tweet hate. Fake President Trump is a disgrace to the USA.
Please. Do. Something.
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
Surprised you did not try to work out a deal behind @realDonaldTrump back. Just retire already!
@TheBlueHouseKR @moonriver365
What about our liberties at home sir. Big gov. trying 2 get our personal info for political watchdogs. Horrible. I fought 2 b A FREE MAN.
Retired please you are embarrassment and the deep state agains President Trump
85044 voter wants statement on terrifying #PenceKobach  Liberal Dem particularly concerned @ my records showing I voted for you 2x in '90s.
For the love of God, you are the Sr Senator and Professor Emeritus - please save the Republic, fiscal smart Yes 20M+ no hcare unchristian
So what? Ur rsp to @realDonaldTrump's depravity, kleptocracy & collusion w/@PutinRF_Eng is feckless. Also DJT is a wacko bird. Do u care?

You favourite song senator McCain, prepare some napkins i know you will be so emotional
What did Trump mean about sharing military burden in South Korea?  Does he want to charge allies  for U.S. Military?  Just asking.
Welcome Home Sir!  How is our Nation going to move forward with a @POTUS more focused on himself then the nation we served and believed in?
seriously hope #ROK do not share #GOP apparent values as expressed by #POTUS
Skip the dam vacation and get heathcare done.
Better talk to your boss. He thinks there's a problem with the trade agreements. He will undercut you every time.
Talk bad about @POTUS again @SenJohnMcCain ? Who gives to ur foundation besides Soros and why? Traitor. Please go away.
Retire
#JohnMcCain-sensei, #SouthKorea has no common interest with the #UnitedStates. Throughout the past 2000 years, it has always followed #China
What did you say to him about emoluments to Trump from China?
At least you help the So Korean President.
Isn't he a liberal too??
What R yu doing, senator about the russian spies running all over USA, has anyone met with potus about that ?And the sanctions?G20 nxt wk !
Senator, you are the leader of the Republican Party and not a single statement holding Trump accountable for his disgusting tweets?
Love Senator McCain. Speak out against the outrageous behavior of the President. Americans are embarrassed,
Wonderful. But have you repealed obamacare or lowered taxes yet???
I'm an American that doesn't approve of massive amounts of weapons being sold to Saudi Arabia & Taiwan. #WWlll #Deflection #TweetsREvidence
Under @POTUS can we be sure about our "shared interests and values" .. or anything?
Senator McCain. Please get this MADMAN out of office. Begging you.
What exactly ARE our values, Senator?
And how are you voting on this healthcare bill?
However the DNC tells him.  #RINO

He's so old he's getting ready to retire so he doesn't have to worry about re-election. True colors shining through. Pride before a fall.
Every freaking thing BUT healthcare.
What are our values according to #SenJohnMcCain ? Twitter is frustrating. Never any details. Never substantiation. Which values?
Did you meet his wife? Was she bleeding from wherever? Congrats to Cindy on her new job working for such a dignified man. #complicit
#shame
Values are a Thing of the Past with this Republican President #sicktrump
#shame
#shame
Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 
I'm glad there is someone he can trust in Washington
Lol!!!
Thought Trump did that. Forget what your job is?
#shame http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/local/kkk-group-plans-july-rally-in-charlottesville/article_57ca09fc-4a31-11e7-b5ce-5bede59324a9.html …
#shame
Loud, angry chants of SHAME as Trump's motorcade arrives @ Trump Hotel for fundraiser 
