Good for you just go ahead and switch parties all my friends living in AZ are so sick of your obstructing & tantrums because you hate POTUS
Thank God! America still have heroes like U who have been fighting endlessly 4 country & human goodness. We love U & pray 4 ur well being!
Retire!!! You are a democrat with anger problems. Look in mirror if you want to know why you were never close to being potus.
BS, you are not voting FOR the people, your votes are against Trump.  Time to RESIGN!


Congratulations.
WE THE PEOPLE appreciate your service & leadership Sen. McCain
Dems exchanging greetings!
Awarded by Democrats.......who would have thought??
Beat your own drum when nobody else does.... defines McCain.
This is not my tweet... been hijacked again
Hacked. Lol
Interesting McCain did not receive from the (his) current Republicans sitting in the WHITE HOUSE. Makes you want to say "Hmmmm.."
Congratulations Sen McCain on receiving the medal.  But you made a poor choice of friends.
Thank you for your continued service.  Congratulations.
Senator McCain it's time to go ahead and change your political party from RINO to full fledged DemocRat. It's time.
You need to go



A SOLD OUT TRAITOR.
LOL
BESTIES!!
Why will no one who loves this man not sit him down and explain that grandpa has lost his everloving mind? Sad this will be his legacy.
Two liberal worms.
Men lifting men up. There is no honor in any of this. Empty words, empty evil hearts. God will reveal He is God.
Lol for what!
@dougducey you know intervention is needed when our representatives are being honored by the other side of the isle.
Great sense of pride at speech. Was clearly from heart, clearly promoting service & honor, clearly focusing on duty & country above party
Doesn't this speak volumes? Liberty medal? For what exactly? What the hell have U done Senator to preserve liberty? Other than sing loudly?
Oh please @realDonaldTrump place an executive order on term limits for congress. Please.

Congatulations, Senator McCain. You are a Class Act! Thank you for stating things as they are. I honor your commitment for bipartisanship!
Well deserved Senator John McCain!  Congratulations!!  You are in my prayers.
America's Hero!! Love you Senator!! God Bless you and thank you so so much for standing for America and what we stand for. We love you!!
Congratulations Sen McCain
So deserving of this award . . . and many others. Thank you, Sen. McCain!
You are honorable.  The Niger 4 are too.  Trump respects neither.  You have the power to get him and his out right now.
he is morally bankrupt , Trump only respects money and will never drain the swamp because hes stuck in the outlet, hes pondscum
Take your medal and retire. You have foresaken your party again and again. You're not a maverick, you're a liberal.
For what? You don't support Liberty.
Our countries direction AMERICA 1ST @POTUS    way . You, your globalist friends & democrats WILL NOT overthrow our Republic! God is for us!
great speech
Congratulations Senator. Well deserved.
From democrat to democrat
The man upstairs is watching: Tick Tock : Tick Tock !
Yep you and Biden are both Idiots.
Admit that you have switched parties and stop embarrassing the Republican party.
Thankful for your service, Senator.
We The People award you the lifetime award for posing as a Republican, lying to the American people and promising changes you never kept.

Your disagreements with Trump led to that question today. It's not a dumb question.
You appear to have taken Democrats side on some issues
You rock
And spouts horrible tirade against @POTUS who -having won in Az-is forwarding same agenda McCain PROMISED. McCain reps self/donors only.
The rich campaign donors and that's all you serve , not vets and middle class . You with your tirade disparaged a slew of middle class
See their all in it together McCain & Biden, the sane amongst us, I just knew it
That would have safed families money , you haven't voted to secure border. Refuse immigration reform to lower premiums .who do you work for?
You lied again,you wouldn't sabotage as personal vendetta, yet your governor wanted the last repeal bill and voted against
With respect totally! Don’t you see why all these Democrats congratulated you?  Q? Could it be because your voting with them, Hey just a Q?
God bless you, John McCain.
Quit showing off . You have a medal, big Deal. There are soldiers Airmen Seamen Marines who have had more loyalty in last 30 yrs.
John is a disgrace!!!! Resign
Joe Biden is not your friend.  If he could get you out of the senate & replace with one of his own, he would.  He is an Obama-loving, liberal democrat, who have nothing good planned for Americans.
They should have given you a traitors medal. You still have something wrong with your brain you are unpatriotic.
Yes, I do think you are blocking @POTUS 's agenda because you're vindictive.
Joe Biden and #TraitorMcCain two folks who speak volumes on the effects of senility
Biden that tin worthless
John McCain needs to receive his walking papers, he's way over stayed his welcome, he's completely outta touch
Congratulations Senator McCain. I am proud of your strength and honesty.  You deserve this very prestigious award!
How appropriate that you would receive an award from Joe Biden! Why don't you just change your party to Dems! You most certainly aren't Rep!
Cause you're a good little RINO
Congratulations on receiving the Liberty Medal, Sen. McCain.   It is well deserved and thank you for your service and your voice of reason.

Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
John is a closet Democrat so good for him and Joe.
Why are liberals celebrating you? Because its all about you, not the American peoples wishes they voted for
Thank you for your life of service.
I love @JoeBiden presented the #LibertyMedal to @SenJohnMcCain  They’ve both demonstrated leadership integrity & love of country
Traitor.
#Songbird will vote against tax cuts just to spite Trump. He’s a bitter and rage filled man.
You sickening, disgusting traitor. You deserve to be in Leavenworth, and all who know about your lifetime of disservice know this to be true
@realDonaldTrump this is what a hero looks like. Being a draft dodger, disrespecting soldier families and heroes you might not know this.
Dear Senator McCain, you deserve many medals. Thank you for being courageous & speaking your mind. Don't let the bully in chief bully you...
How fitting, once a democrat always a democrat, O wait, McCain couldn't get elected as a Democrat so he changed to RINO to screw Arizona
Thank u Semator McCain @john
Lord of War getting liberty medal
That is like giving Stalin the Nobel peace prize.
When a republican recieves praise from democrats it is visible proof that he has FAILED in polotics. Retire John and quit destroying the GOP
American people know you, Biden et al Progressive Marxist Democrats do not support individual liberty & freedom... you want to take it away.
RHINO
#retire
Continue to stoke the massive ego.  A subjective award recognizing what?  Liars? Rapists? Murderers? Thieves? Now you’re one too.
You remind me of an old tied up junk yard dog..... always showing your jagged teeth and barking at shit!
Two very fine Libtards.
Sorry I voted for him in 2008 same as Obama
This is so interesting! None of these tweets are coming from Conservatives. Why is that? 
From Joe Biden? ROFLMAO!
From an idiot to an idiot
Only a LEFTist would give you any kind of award

You are a TRAITOR - you helped ruin USA
You are a hero, Senator.
One gas bag to another.
A well deserved honor!! Thank you for putting American citizens first over party.
Kinda tooting our own horn, aren't we.
Don another award you will NEVER receive. You are going down in history as worse President EVER
Just stop. Let your anger go McCain.
Thank God for Sen. McCain. Thank you for the presidential work that Donny is dismantling. You, Sen. McCain, are USA’s only hope. :(
So nice to see SongBird receiving yet another undeserved medal from one of the leaders of the party to whom he is most loyal to. #MAGA #CNN
We would respect u if u would have more respect for our country.Stop your vendetta against @POTUS & start working on healhtcare.
That's funny.A liberal asshole giving another liberal asshole a award..
Someone needs to be consigned to the ass cheek of history.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7C-4-Y-274 …
Forrestal, wetstarts, tailhook, songbird, 894/898, McCain Institute, Keating. Lifetime of scandals and a medal to show for it. RETIRE Brutus
Well deserved honor. Congratulations.
For what, treason!
Only democrats congratulated you fool! Traitor!
If it was for his life time of service don't you think he would have gotten it from these liberals prior to his PETTY TRASHING OF TRUMP!
You got the traitor award! You have several now!
#thankYouMcCain #AmericanHero
Please don't die until you get this country rid of this Orange malice.
Joe the pervert Biden....lmfao
How Swampy
Congratulations and thank you for speaking the truth #SpuriousNationalism
For senility?
We used to hang Treasonist like Bergdahl & this Traitor>McCain? Now we give these Benedict Arnolds Awards?? Mr @POTUS Please #DrainThisSwamp
McCain joins dems in another feel good worthless award.  Please, just stay over there.
From one democrat to another...
This is how we could get more done along party lines
Your sevice is over Sen. McCain.  Time for you to go and enjoy your retirement.
Why
Biden whispered in your ear What a good boy  You are
Congratulations.  Please don't vote for the tax scam.
No true, you sided with O to take down US!
We already cd see u hate America, but now you actually SAID it.
Congratulations and thank you for your service to our country!
Please retire from Congress, your time is over. You’re an establishment liberal!!
So, as per yr recent "speech", it's clear you hate America.
Birds of a feather.
It’s ok, Johnny, everyone is getting a medal from the Dems.
One Vote Johnie- joe Biden how low can u get. Step down.
Congratulations and thank you for your service.
Thank you for your service, in and out of the military. You are a TRUE hero! I wish our current person in the White House were more like you
Congratulations!
Well deserved!  You are a hero...
You don't deserve a medal when you get in front of a crowd and trash most of the nation you are a traitor
You should change to the democratic party ?,RINO
it was a good night and nice to see.
How sweet.
McCain being a good down low democrat
Time to retire Mr Senator and thank you for your services!!
Well deserved!! True American hero and patriot. Thank you!
Definitely not the only thing you've "received" from Joe Biden.
Well deserved for a true American Hero. God bless you Senator McCain! #FightOn!
@SenJohnMcCain is a good Democrat.
Disgusting. John is a liar!
Please end U.S. military satellite thought surveillance and TORTURE with CNS directed energy targeting. I am not free & deserve justice
Admire you so much. Keep up the good work!
Socialist Democrats newest darling, John McCain. On the old George Soros payroll.
 Sooo well deserved!  Congratulations Senator McCain.  The country salutes you!
Will you support Bergdahl if he runs for senate? You're two of a kind.
God bless you Sen McCain. Our love of country is truly supported by you.
Excise me Mr. McCain but please get on the Trump train for our county, and your agenda.  
Your destroys your long career in one year. Btw. What have u done in 30 years? I must have missed it.

McCain you should be ashamed calling yourself  a Republican

Brag much? #fireMccain.
Dow crosses 23,000 for the first time in its 121-year history. It's up more than 4,600 points since election  my POTUS
RETIRE!!!!!!
Brain cancer can't even get him to go!
Thank you Sir keep speaking the truth your courage is now as strong as it was years ago & those that bully have neither courage or character
You are joking right? I am a conservative and he is nothing of the sort. I am guessing you are not! Good luck with that!  love @POTUS 
Congratulations and well deserved, but your words amount to nothing as you didn’t call he dump administration out by name.
Sad day
Your records will be opened one day and your glory days will be over .sadly your family will do the suffering .
Ha shows your true color........Blue!
As the fool RED FOOL responds.....
HA HA
Is that like a Webelos Badge?
