But u failed the people on health care
Have you made way to Charlottesville where Trump's Militia, Neo-Nazis & KKK marching for "freedom." Welcome World> @POTUS @VP @USAGSessions
Stay healthy!
So glad that your term is coming to an end
His term is not coming to an end he was just reelected in 2016,however I believe God has plans for him he should retire, family>RINO traitor
I know that he was just reflected but he won't able to fulfill his term
Great, you going to stab them in the back like you did hard working people? You pile!
Under Amendment 25
How about you condemn what's going on in Charlottesville today! Your voice carries a lot of weight sir, people listen. We wait.
Thanks Senator!  Now, please make sure Trump is thoroughly investigated for trafficking through Trump models.  Much appreciated.
You have no control to command anything Donald Trump does
Your the first to congratulate others for success and hard work, the irony is you DON'T WORK hard except for Your own personal 116% increase
Hero to zero.
Hillary for prison
Wouldn't it be wild if u ACTUALLY stood behind @POTUS @realDonaldTrump

#MSM say "#democRATS & #McCain"

#FakeNews
ur a RAT too

#JustSaying
If McCain stood behind President Trump he would be stabbing him in the back....
Me too :)
this looks like a twitter bot account.
Hey, did you pocket some more of their SOVEREIGN CASINO PROFITS SELL OUT! Aren't YOU and your Washington BUDDIES, KINGS of HUMAN TRAFFICKING
What about criminal jurisdiction on u McCain? What about all the guys u killed on the Forrestal, what about all the men u ratted out in Nam?
Who care what you do rino
Take from Trump the Nuclear briefcase . Is so dangerous.Vice president Pence need to take the Presidency
@SenateGOP @POTUS @TheFive @VP @HouseGOP      That's great Senator, too bad you didn't feel this sincere about Healthcare when U voted no!
Oh he did, that's precisely WHY he voted no!
An ignorant response!
We are worry about President Trump threats to North Korea, please prevent a Nuclear Holocaust . Declare President Trump insane
OK, we get it! You hate the President. But he didn't vote for you, we did!  Stop punishing us so that you can prove that you hate!!!
#ImpeachMcCain!!

I  logged in to thank you for everything. Found this. The respect you show for evey situation continues to be amazing. True leader! o7
McCain chastised Trump: "You gotta do what you say you're gonna do." Yet HE DIDN'T DO WHAT HE PROMISED ON OBAMACARE!
Sen Lindsey Graham just like Sen John McCain & Sen Mitch McConnell I work against the people's will & all I care about is THEMSELVES !
Hey McChain don't bad mouth Trump! You shouldn't promise Obamacare repeal unless they fucking mean it!
Trump is our President and you need to respect him. The American people voted for him. Whether you like it or not he's not going anywhere!!
Why do you continue to threaten @realDonaldTrump  and commit treason on our great country. You should be deported McCain. You are useless.
DRAIN THE SWAMP
"Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb #Iran"

#Hypocrite 

#McCain't nutt'n but a #RINO
I understand free speech and to express your feelings. I can't understand how it is appropriate to talk to a US Senator the way some do.
Sen McCain, a beacon of peace, who criticizes Trump over #NorthKorea. Sen McCain wants to go to war with Assad/Syria
Sen #McCain, Chairman Armed Services Committee, called #KimJongUn "crazy fat kid"

Trump is morally wrong? 79% reduction in illegal immigration, jobs opening up everywhere, stock market going crazy
DRAIN THE SWAMP! It's time for you to go fishing, sir. You will not be missed.
Would you just retire?
And you completely flaked! I'm so sad he's gone, but glad he doesn't have to see you now. Shameful.
It's time you retire. You lied about supporting RNC, re: repeal & replace. SO disappointed in you; my Dad sent you $$$ as a Korean War Vet
Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran
Do you ever read you mail or tweets if you did you resign,old man it's over for you
To all the GOP'S Please do not let all this nonsense to destroy our country and democracy. Do not sell your souls 
Youto the devil
Did they clear it with chief Warren ??
#DrainTheSwamp @MeghanMcCain #bombbombbombbombbombiran https://twitter.com/noltenc/status/895258619893223424 …
Senator all due respect! I know you have serious health issue. Honestly, your health issue is affecting your judgement. Please resign!
Plz retire. There r many good americans,who can do a job actually
Hey useless, time to retire, you change your word like I change socks
what makes you think your commendation means jack-shit to anyone?


Remember when u called NoKo leader "a short fat kid"  then a couple years later RIP Trump for his rhetoric of the same man? #liberalMcCain
What, who,  get with the program old man...can someone wake johnny up
And you are on the white bed Are you regretting the "sin of what" in your life?
I wish you wellness
You abdicated any power/influence u acquired. Publicly ridiculed ur self. No vote. Amen.
We love y Mr. McCain. Best regards from Denmark
As a life long Democrat myself. You have shown me there is still honor and dignity in your party. It gives me hope for 2020.
Yes when are you going to retire?
Was that John McCain slamming #Trump for tough talk on #NorthKorea?

This John McCain?
Get rid of @SenJohnMcCain  he has brain cancer so he can not give a coherent vote
You're not his doctor, you have no medical, professional opinion on that.
You are an American hero, sir!
@scoopscovfefe <---Fake account
Hero! Democrat appreciating your integrity. Tell the GOP to get lost - you are sooooo not out of your mind 
@HelenStringer13 <---Fake account. 2 followers
Propose to Graham , run away to a secret island  (bill clinton knows many) and LEAVE LEGAL AMERICANS ALONE 

At least They can pass legislation.
Did you really bomb your own aircraft carrier?
Great u helped them but we are still suffering from an imploding OBama care.
Always respect you for your service, but you need to stand up for America, party, and President.Remarks today did NOT represent any of above
Heard your comments about our President. Sad you are not supporting him and the American people who voted for him. Are you a Den?
You have ignored the NK threat for decades.This problem is of your making. Don't criticize @POTUS for keeping America Safe.
Shameful!
Don't know where you stand on any issue until POTUS speaks. The forever contrarian. Keep that cheap slave labor at your favorite resorts.
He save a lot of people from trump. You should be grateful.
Time for u to retire. U r a traitor to the American people
Go away
You will be remembered as a traitor!
I'm so disgusted with you senator I can't believe I voted for you for president years ago. You are way past your expiration, please retire.
U voted 4 Dem bills 32% of time, to keep Obamacare, 100+ no votes. voted 4 nafta & many Obama bills.  U love the media camera. Showboater.
A good bill should be voted for regardless of sponsor. Its country over party, not the other way around.
Interesting Senator that the last three administrations and Hillary last fall all used tough language in regards to N.K. Yet you slammed DT
Let's not forget the money he gets from Soros! Sell out and traitor
Who cares what you say about anything? You LIE to people!
You are a joke. Time to retire Mr. You cannot handle the fact that you lost in a big way. Our President Donald Trump is way above your kind.
The people voted Trump in, Not McCain. McCain and others don't get that. This is NOT business as usual which has failed over and over.
#DontBackDown Mr President . Do something useful McCain. Anti American

MR. McCain, I'm a life long Conservative, & Constatutionalist.

You need to stop your follish personal vendetta against POTIS. Get ON board
President of The Ignorant States?
, I also wish you well. Also, please retire and endorse someone who can do the job you clearly cannot do. Thanks.
Healthcare and Drug Addiction are at the top of that list too crony.
Are you ready to impeach him yet. I will you continue to waste time and let him kill a million people?
Crawfish, you don't care about a million people. Just your personal gratification & Trump impeachment wish.
McCain, did you lie to the American People when you said you would Repeal Obamacare! You stated you would do, with your own Mouth!
ACA is a direct assault on native American treaties and sovereignty! In the long run it will remove all native healthcare jobs and clinics!
I have always admired you Sir even though I don't agree with you on many issues. You are a great American and I wish you well. Thank you.
Such a suck up... pitiful
Just go away. No one care anymore what you say
All good and well sir but don't you have work to get done? Your confusing with your messages. Frankly I am unsure of what you stand for.
That is completely assanine. So many drugs, illegals & human trafficking comes through reservations it's disgusting. What is with you. Loon!
How about the administration and executive pay the back taxes to the Navajo Nation? Might be nice gesture before we're all nuked by Korea 
Well you sure have not helped Navajo or anyone on healthcare
Your hatred for us and our POTUS is the reason for your cancer. You're like a magnet drawing our negative thoughts. You're rotten w evil.
are you switching to the dem party or staying gop to block us all the time?
Too bad that you did not vote as we The People expected you too! Repeal Obamacare, you led us to believe that is what you were going to do!
He DID vote as We the People expected him to.  Get over it. #ObamaCare is the law of the land!
You must be one that gets Obamacare for free not like most of us we'll see how long it's the law of the land they'll be no Obamacare soon
Only our laws matter.
Let's see...you've been in for 35 yrs. and you are telling the President how he should handle North Korea?   Don't think so.
Go away conservative republicans don't care what u say ,you are a traitor for letting millions of people down, you wl never be president 
Is their territory and their sovereignty. Federal or state agents coming on should ask, suggest and request.
Retire, please!! Retire and GO AWAY!!
Nobody cares what you think anymore. It's time to retire.
SenJM Yes.V.good preventions- Censuring & Vigilance by Conscientious.Yet. Prosecutions only by authorised law prevents innocents get hurt!
Human Trafficking... POTUS... Trump modeling agency... Putin...  yup... nothing to see here.  Thank Heavens the Native Americans have a clue
Great, what about tax reform Mr Senator ?
Thank you, sir. I wish you the best health possible.  All sane Americans do. I hope you'll remove Trump, too. @LennaLeprena @hike2_bike
Yes joking aside you're a great man. My best wishes go for your family and your health.
You McCain are a shame to republicans,  at least the new Republicans are not stuck in the dark age with you.
RETIRE, its time!
Thank you Mr McCain. Continue to stand up for the people who need you. Shame on people who have no clue to what's needed.

mccain is a a dem in rep clothing.  he should be the first to sign up for aca.  hope u can keep ur oncologist!
Love ourNative Americans. Only group smart enough 2 dump Trump before he ran their casinos into the ground..and they LIKE our windmills!
Leave it to us real native Americans to do the right thing...even after years of abuse of our own.
Concentrate fixing our health-care system. What is wrong with Senate Republicans? You all believe you no better than the American people.
Please spare the US and take IP that cause and less be the Senate.
At least Navajo Governing Body has a governing body that can work together to pass legislation & not let personal dislike screw their people
Check on Sen. Pocahontas Warren's status. I think she is an Indian warrior trapped in a white woman's body.
She is an idiot no matter her heritage
Including Trump modeling agency?
All humanity can come together on this. Encouraging to read.

https://m.facebook.com/groups/121482205071024?view=permalink&id=162496434302934 …
The real John McCain
Do your research. You aren't crippled.

http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_593eb8dee4b0b13f2c6c9e99 …

@TeaPainUSA @lauferlaw @LouiseMensch @counterchekist  Interesting tweet
What about treason to the American ppl. Im waiting
Go away troll. I'm waiting
All fine & dandy. But I am sure you will find a way to spend my money on this then you will take all the credit, as liberal politicians do.
... Yes cuz there's so much human trafficking on Navajo lands...lol
AGET LOST LOSER! #MAGA
What about running pipelines through the lands that the U.S. governement gave to them ?   You lot gonna go back on a vow again ?
