Vets need Healthcare.  Where's the 'better healthcare?'
Now you're quoting a story from #CNN as if they could tell the truth about anything...! Senator! I wish you would just switch parties...
We will also have a big problem with many more fatalities if you allow #GrahamCasiddy to pass. GOP will have blood on their hands.
We do have a problem senator, fix ACA!!
Yes very big problematic our Navy needs overhaul update.
I guess!!!
And it is called John McCain.
#ussForrestal #UnsealMilitaryRecords #Shame
OSHA would throw a fit if civilians were put in conditions of years of maintenance backlog. Soldiers are humans too. Also, healthcare bill.
I think you need to see if Russia is hacking the radar or equipment somehow!!!!!!!
Not as deadly as voting NO for affordable health care (whatever you call it). Better training for the Navy, better healthcare for all. #NONO
You are a hero-BUT voting 4 the Graham/Cassidy bill will PERMANENTLY destroy your legacy in my mind & many, many others..#GrahamCassidy
Morale starts at the top. When we have an unfit child at the very top - stuff is going to happen, sadly. #25 #unfit #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Orders of magnitude more people will die from #GrahamCassidyBill than from Naval accidents.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
VOTE NO ON Graham/Cassidy health bill. It's worse then last two!  Thank you sir.  Stand for the  people! Bipartisanship needed..
And also healthcare.  Please vote "no".
I know it isn't that simple but they have radar, alarms visual watchmen...  I don't know specifics maybe the fog impaired guys on the deck?
You set the trend for the lack of Naval Leadership. You can't even do as you promised and repeal Obamacare.
Everyone said the expected words; an admiral and two captains were fired, but no one addressed the real issues. Just political theater!
We spend more on Military than any country on earth. Corp Military NO BID contracts must end. Pay those who serve instead! Invest in VA!
Probably like the same problem of  putting up mediocre pilots in the air like yourself.
Nothing worse than military high ups who make excuses for not training their people. I thought we have biggest, best military. Look foolish
Who will comfort the millions you are taking healthcare from?
All the money designated for military and these incompetent mishaps again and again!  Yet you consider stripping the ACA? Stop this nonsense
Mcain says he knows what its like to work 100hrs a http://week.lol  he hasnt worked 100 hrs a year. Where do they get these captians?
Thank you Senator McCain, If the military isn't trained enough to avoid accidents in peace time, how will they do under fire?
Our "problem" is u will probably vote in the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill Please don't!!!
Isn't there a person in a crow nest position to see another ship ahead, seems like an easy fix!!??
Captain there's a 5000 ton ship ahead??
No crap.... a sudden thought Admiral?
Duh
That's a hard one to figure out when you're vacationing in the Italian Alps, eh Brutus? Just RETIRE already and fade away.
Well. No shit.
The problem began when Trump came on board; bad Karma follows a person, and befalls those around you.

Once he is gone; Karma will improve.
CNN we don't watch this FAKE NEW NETWORK.
We watch OAN non bias network. Thank God!!
Like a problem u had when u killed 134 sailors? That kind of problem? Yeah
This is so tragic! This should NEVER happen. My heart breaks for the families that lost a loved one.
How you doing Sir? Yes it would appear a tad bit of a problem!

ARIZONA VOTERS- Hearing calls to McCain's offices not high - he could be key!!! Please get everyone to make a call to call. #GrahamCassidy https://twitter.com/TheLoyalO/status/910142697297661952 …
Do we need more lives lost coz of poor maintenance and training? Need more $$$ to military
S E Q U E S T R A T I O N
Senator, the good people of the United States look to you once more to kill Graham Cassidy.
Problem is train them besides giving them a DVD McCain retire and keep quiet you are like Kerry a bad thing for any arm service sold us out
You are leading the way for us to discover how this is happening in other arms of military as well. Thank you, Sen. McCain. Truly.
It looks like we wasted a lot of money on all this if the captain can't see a big ass ship in front of it.
I suspect sabatage here,they have great equipment and can't use it? Something stinks here !
Yes, the problem is the Navy does not have full time Senior ship drivers(period)! They got 22yr old part time professional mariners...lol
Absolutely, a 10 year old with gps can navigate the ocean better than our current Navy captains. We are the most advanced navy- no excuses!
A matter of dereliction of duty going on here
So do the Marines
Don't start blaming Marines now,we only get a ride on the ships,a ride to glory!

Doesn't make this Navy mom feel better.
I have a hard time believing the Navy is this incompetent at sailing. A warning shot of cyber sabotage perhaps.
10% Health Insurance Rebate
PLEASE vote no. Please.
Ya think??
Most likely using (foreign) China technology, utter incompetence.
Or stolen secrets from the likes of Snowden and them - homegrown enablers and infiltrators.
To bad we'll never going to know ! Hush hush Navy secrets
@SenJohnMcCain Sold out the USA. and our secrets. #spyringincongress #AwanGate #awan #ObamaGate
overworked/ sleep deprived sailors & officers! Take better mental & spiritual care of our men and women and see what a difference it makes.
Nah,we sleep like babies on a ship,boredom maybe
I agree 200%  FIX IT 
I hope the Navy has good healthcare
Yes they do. And it's free for the sailors.
Please don't let your party take health care away from millions of Americans. Please. You did the right thing last time. Don't undo it.
Jesus,u don't get it!
You have many many problems... John.
Correct John, but SECNAV doesn't know what to fix, neither does his Army of Civil Servants, because the problem is the US Civil Service!
From 1776 to 1947 the United States couldn't lose a War, since then we can't win a War.  What changed?  The National Security Act of 1947
The National Security Act of 1947 put the United States Civil Service into the Chain of Command for the Military Services, get them out!
You are a problem. Get it!!!
Or sabotage ???
I said that many times,I hope not
ARE THEY REALLY ACCIDENTS OR IS THE GOVT. COVERING UP SABOTAGE/ACTS OF WAR AGAINST THE USA? I WANT AN ANSWER.AMERICA DESERVES AN ANSWER.
Do you agree with what your colleagues on healthcare? Do you honestly believe we are on a march to socialism? Is good health socialist?
No wonder our adversaries smell weakness..
Training and leadership...officers lack basic seamanship skills
Best trained in the world,I would say sabatage is the problem
@LindseyGrahamSC just wants his name on something but basically he's already signing all of our death certificates @SenJohnMcCain #SaveACA
You've been there 30 years.  Retire.
Vote no on Cassidy-Graham bill.
https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/910199178147573760 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
NEW: Bipartisan governors, including Walker (Alaska), reject Graham-Cassidy and demand regular order. 
cc: @SenJohnMcCain 
If it's Gramh-Cassidy it can't be good !
