Sir, you have failed the people who voted for you.  Just terrible.  Your attack on our President are well noted.  #thanks
Trump is a draft dodger who found excuses to avoid 5 draft deferments. Trump completely has no idea how military works. Fools are blinded
Like Bubba Clinton who was using cigars in WH with Monica.
At least Clinton was a happy man unlike the lying chief who called the WH IS "REAL DUMP"
Oh yes that Lying, cheating scum he was.
More scum the lying in chief stealing the presidency by cheating.
Bubba won't even acknowledge his biological son. This is real sleazy scum.
Important stuffs: Trump is a draft dodger who found excuses to avoid 5 draft deferments. Trump has no idea how military works.
It a 15 year old war. Quit playing politics. He's asking questions and introducing accountability.
Trump is a draft dodger who found excuses to avoid 5 draft deferments. How much Trump knows about battlefield?
Thats why he turned control of the war over to the generals, told them do whats necessary, dont have to call home for permission
That's fine, then let the generals to do their jobs instead of threatening them for firing them. This is the battlefields involved lives.
Kelly wants a change he's earned the right to call for it. So has Mathis. Not my job to question. Assume that's who setting policy. Kelly
So does Sen. McCain. He has his right to make his opinion but why are your people attacked him for each statement he made?
McCains playing politics. Implying Trump is behind failures in Afghanistan? Makes no sense. Just dogpiling on Trump cause it's popular
Facts checked: Trump is incompetent who has zero credibility and zero integrity. Trump is unfit to be a leader period.
For the safety of the world and preservation of democracy this administration must be removed.
I agree!  @SenJohnMcCain should go.  Along with his cronies.
Trump is a draft dodger who found excuses to avoid 5 draft deferments. Trump completely has no idea how military works. fools are blinded
Oh WAAA!
Trump's Minion
Dims!
Wow I can tell you are very dirty
Since you are not so smart, you are wasting my time and you are muted
Your drug dealing is the problem.opium production in Afghanistan has increased 800% since US entered Afghanistan 16yrs ago.#JailDealerMccain
#ScrewYouMcCain
Trump is weak and tends to make excuses. Not good leadership skills.
that's funny
"Trump's like really smart!" LMAO.
Thanks man. I needed that. 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/five-myths-donald-trump-tells-about-donald-trump/2016/01/28/b7cead16-c46e-11e5-9693-933a4d31bcc8_story.html …

That's not true. How easily some are fooled...
Potus 44
Statute of limitations has run out on blaming Obama...  45 is like a heat seeking missile, operates FIRE AIM-  #1Tweeter vs. Leader of 
How many times and for how many years did Obama and the Dems blame Bush?
Obama had inherited a disastrous economy. Trump wasn't. And Obama didn't criticize nearly close to what 45 does. It's completely different
On what planet have you been living?
You weren't alive during the disastrous recession during the Bush last year?
Lost 35% of my AT&T pension because I was foolish enough 2 trust Solomon Smith Barney and they put it in MFS, Level 3 and MCI,  in 2001.
It's easy to criticize the army fr the sideline/my father fought for his country/ politics and forces  need to b separate
We too have a govt that is talking to the larger population that does not know better
US in #Afghanistan quagmire b/c of Israel which happened b/c of US support for Israel for AIPAC by @SenJohnMcCain:
you got your revenge on Trump and revealed your RINO status. You apparently are trying to destroy the Republican Party.
Whether it criticizing Trump or voting no to repeal Obamacare, McCain will do anything to get praise from democRATS and media. #scumbag RINO
We have never won the war there. What happen to your commitment to the truth? How Dare you slam our president with hatred!
You are a monster! You gave us Obama and ISIS! The Egyptian people warned us about you in 2011, you support Terrorists!
Stockholm syndrome?
Here, just one of many reports, but there's tons of video on YouTube
No fan of these two old traitor coots, but so what? At the time MB was running gov't of Egypt, no? 
The Egyptian people and the military overthrew the Govt to get them out!
I know... ck timeline.. progressives were all about MB and i consider these two tools to be progressive, so if that's your point.. agree
John u  let us down
Senators who've been in office for over 30 years are responsible for failed policies not a one or two term president. Take responsibility.
Colossians 3:13,
America has tired of that lying chief and his Cult45 clans
Shame on you John. You need to retire-Th tumor in or near the frontal lobe affects your judgement-the hatred 4 Trump is exacerbated. Its bad
To be fair to everyone involved, Afghanistan would never be completely winnable. It's always been a trap.
I strongly agree...Bush Administration started it; Obama pulled the troops back. Now the air head lying chief Trump wants to win. SMH
Russian was there for years, never won and never settled. Trump is a draft dodger who found excuses to avoid 5 draft deferments. Win? Nah!!
says the traitor to his party and a songbird. OBAMA failed all of us and especially our troops.
WRONG!! Pathetically wrong . A president should know more than career military generals?? McCain has got to go. Cancers no excuse .ASS!!!
He has lost his mind.  Needs to retire.
Nope all you warmongers in the GOP are
Right: has Obama made it to Hawaii? I'd hardly dignify anything he did with a parting title.
So, pretty much, the Obama strategy failed.  Why can't you just say that?
A blatant charge stemming from hatred and God does not allow you to be unforgiving.
Father God, in Jesus' name, Soften his man's heart that he know You alone have Your hand upon @POTUS  AMEN Matthew 6:14-15
This is ONE lesson we should have learned from Russia, from watching their earlier Afghanistan debacle.
Your brain issues should make you medically unqualified to serve any more in any government position.
Karma is coming for you soon.
John,u and Lindsey,Both Know,Trump is NOT,right in the Head! Please, come together, and GET HIM OUT,NOW! Quickly,Sir! Luvu!
no we place the blame on Obama for pulling the troops out after he was elected.This let the terrorist to come back in.had Afghanistan secure
Sir, it's disgusting how you have acted.  You must be related to Benedict Arnold.
We've been in Afghanistan for 15 years. How are you going to blame that on Trump. You need to go or at least switch parties #spinelessRep.
So, we've been there since 2001, but it's Trumps fault we aren't winning. You & buddy Lindsey need to go play whack a mole at  Happy Acres
And our SENATORS like you are responsible for all the suffering from Obamacare, illegal immigration, and bad tax system stifling economy
Protecting the Poppy Feilds of Afghanistan profitable for the self-serving in Congress, not so much for families of lost loved ones..
YOUM SHOULD JOIN THE DEMORATS JOHN!
That would be Hussein Obama, all right. All he could do was fall to his knees in world politics
@realDonaldTrump 
English Empire had many problems with Afghanistan, Soviet Union has withdrawn, United States are stalled ... why?
What a crock..after 8 mos.? And how long has this stupid war been going on before Trump?
Old man, your brain has turned to mush, along with full blown hatred & jealousy. Be glad when you r gone.
with all do respect,you have been confused for a while.
Slay!!!!
@POTUS This crap is coming from USS Forrestal's Johnny Wetstart himself? Some "hero," eh?!
from the guy who was kissing Obama's ass for 8 yrs and allowed him to pour gasoline all over the Middle East. What an ass.
I think our @potus has a sign on his desk that reads, "The Buck Stops There"
& what responsibility does the subterfuge #deepstate #swamp obstructionists take 4 trying 2 paralyze his efforts? Your leaks harm citizens
 hear hear
US foreign policy is a total failure. 16 plus years of conflict with the wrong country cannot be justified. Saudi Arabia was behind 9-11.
Sen McCain, what was your involvement in the Forestal air craft carrier disaster?
yes you are! Not a president that has been in office for 6 months!
"The Great Game"  No occupying or invading  army ever succeeds in Afghanistan for long.
Traitors should just shut up!!!
Go away and shut up already .
When will our commanders in chief address the human rights violations right here in America?
Negativity seems to be what your all about. You are a Senator, Not President. Thank God
Sorry senator it's you lack of understanding of the issue thats dangerous.liking the military doesn't make you a FP expert #focusonurhealth
you are a good example of the pharasies during Jesus time. I voted 4 u; its clear now why you did not win. God sees the heart!
Traitors also are responsible for the failure of combat troops. You know all about at Songbird.
You shall not be succeeded in Afghanistan. It would be better to withdraw and leave Afghanistan independent and sovereign state.
#McCain is a bombastic fool.  Switch to the Demicrat party
We have in General John Kelly a Strong Commander in Chief who will see us through to Successes that the men and women in the
field have tried their best to attain..now we have even Washington working in unison
and even more than that i feel Strongly that myself and all the other Americans are right behind you cheering you on
Retire.
No, you and the  so-called establishment are at fault.  How long have you been in the Senate?  I lose more respect for you every day.
you are the responsible for continue having the crap Obama Care, you should be shame of yourself
McCain the warmonger - please just retire already
You r an evil man. How many innocents r dead because of all the futile wars you have pushed!!
You're better then rhis
Dangerous rhetoric. @POTUS didn't start conflict. Starting a discussion with Gen Kelly. USA polarized right now. This spin stokes fears
Pls just go a way. However you go I don't care, I live in AZ, and  you don't speak for me you're disgrace.
U r a fu,,,,,,k,,,,idiot
You mean #obama administration? And now u turn against work class Americans and businesses by voting to keep Obamacare?
I think that statement's an oversimplification of a situation & culture we don't understand but meddle in anyway. Repeatedly.
The only way to win the war in Afghanistan is to give power to Tajik. Pashtun brought nothing but misery for Afghan's people & America.
Should have thought of that B4 you endorsed this train wreck.
@SenJohnMcCain there's enough blame to go around. Look in the mirror
Trump inherited all of this bullshit and expected to fix years of crap our republicans failed to fix.
Country before your ego John. Best accomplishment is your daughter!
You are the expert John!! What have you done besides whine about Trump. Country before your bitterness
Shut up you war time profiteer ! Resign now please
You've been a ranking member and Chairman of the SASC for more than 10 years, right?
Wait, which commander in chief are you referring to?
Amen.
such sour grapes.
#shouldhavebeenpresidenton9/11
Thank you for voting against the most recent attempt to take healthcare away from millions of Americans.  Very grateful !  God bless you
P.Trump is http://right.You  never were a http://hero.You ,Killary & Graham should be before a firing squad.
Traitor to the Republican Party, you colluded with Russia! Retire, you old and confused and flushed your legacy down the drain in the swamp
Mr Mc Cain you have failed us. And the vendetta you have on Potus is incredible!!

And you are responsible for alot more failures that have screwed the am. people than potus ever will. U are a sorry pos!
Wrong Senator. The commanders in the field are responsible.
Just say it John, money in politics is bribery, not free speech, please be brave!!!!
John who.
Whats worse is you've failed all of America.
You are so crazy jealous that DJT is President, please retire so he can continue to #MAGA
POTUS failed from day one. It's been one failure after another
That would be the ONE commander in chief!!
like we wld listen to #SongbirdMcCain #FailedPilot #FailedPatriot #FailedSenator #Embarrassment #traitor #hypocrite #liar
you do realize your the one that's failed. But you were successful in creating ISIS...
ur a #Traitor 2 party,& country. NO 1 cares what u have 2 say. U will b judged. U wld rather hurt #POTUS than help the #PPL
CommanderS in Chief? RINO RESIGN! RECALL MCCAIN!   YOU NEED TO CHANGE PARTIES!
Seems to me if after 16 years conclusion is Taliban, Islam, and Pakistan are responsible for the failure-we're beaten get out.
I beg to differ Sir--military leaders share in this failure!  We have all failed to note the history of the region
Our representatives @SenJohnMcCain are responsible for failing the American people Maverick! Traitor
Yup!
Thank you for your service, but please retire.  Keli Ward represents the people of Arizona better than you do.  All the best.  God Bless.
Yeah, well you wouldn't know anything about commander-in chief, remember you lost!
So that would be Bush and Obama correct?
And you are referring to #Obama or #Bush right? OUR @POTUS  7 months in...not buying it Senator, time for YOU to go... #shame #traitor
You are unhinged.  You could not command your way out of a paper bag.
That would be Bush primarily. Obama should have gotten us out. National tragedy. Brave men died for special interests.
Our former!
John you have BETRAYED Americans. A failure on so many levels.
Why isn't Russia arming the Taliban bigger news?  That is a very solid example that Russia is, by definition, a hostile country!
OBama was DEFINITELY the REASON for the problems in Afghanistan. Total incompetence
It's time for you to bow out.
What nerve.  I'm glad you r not the POTUS
So true, and so true since Vietnam. All branches and grades of the armed forces performed suberbly. Political leaders always lacking.
You've been fighting this losing war for 16 years. When is enough for you?
Are you are failing us as a senator
John, John  resign
Hmmm only 1 CIC Mr. Senator McCain. YOU SPEAK OF BARRY O
You failed the American people @SenJohnMcCain. Traitor
Sir, frightening to think that conman @realDonaldTrump sending soldiers to war while he did this, when you were POW.
McCain: Don't worry! Established Deep State establish covert wars are under our control not Trumps. Trust me it was the Russians! MAGA
Yes, you should. Wasn't it you that visited ISIS? Wasn't it you who funded terrorism? Yup...that was you!
T R A I T O R
F8ck you, Traitor!
Your thought process and intelligence has been compromised by your illness, might I suggest retirement, like now. You're a traitor.
Oh does that mean you're going to hold Obama and Clinton accountable for that failure considering that's where it started
As you are failure for our health care
Democrat McCain?  You and your type are the reasons we Republicans want term limits. Back off or switch sides. Jealousy isn't becoming.
YOU are the epitome of failure. You failed congress, Arizona, veterans, and the American people #RetireMcCain #HackRat #SenatorSnake
He is a hero to the American people.  And a true  warrior.  Have some respect for war heros
That card has been played. Respected for military service. Not for his bought and paid for war mongering and LIES to American people
Yeah I know the nonsense narrative.  As if political decisions can be reduced to absolutes.  No McCain is a hero.  This is axiomatic
Absolutes. Like lying to us Arizonans under the false promise of Repeal and Replace w/ no such intention...but Russia, right? 
That's not lying.  That's him making a brave decision that he felt was right
You don't LIE for seven years and then say "Watch this show!" as a big  to those who actually voted for him, like myself. No political hero
It's not lying.  He isn't opposed to it.  He just didn't like this bill.  You don't vote for a bill you think is bad for the people for
Always looking for the opportunity to stick it to @POTUS Face it you couldnt get where he did,get over it.
Start with YOU and gwb!
You are unhinged aren't you?
Yeah let's withdraw!
Did you say anything abt Obama when he dropped cash in the middle of the night? Or fast & furious? How bout u screwing ov USA w/ NO vote!
You provided Obama with his "US is so sorry for what we have done over the years before me (Obama) we will give U weapons to kill us
You were a pilot not a General & know crap about winning, U were a loser crybaby in Vietnam. You just run your mouth w/Pelosi & Schumer
You threaten to put in your own Afghan plan in defense bill. You forget you are not POTUS. No more troops in Afghan. #McCainNeedsToRetire
Afghanistan strategy? You will provide? What the hell do you know? You are not in jail thank Nixon for treason, Mr side w/Vietnam on TV
Ur a great #SorosPuppet
Best weapon #HoChiMinh had in #Vietnam
You are the ONLY person in history to successfully destroy a US Aircraft Carrier.
You are a joke..what happened to you?  #Democrat
You have a lot of nerve putting responsibility of failure on commanders, what about you with health care!
Thank you
Then you must be referring to Obama
And you are responsible for the failure of health care and putting your childish selfishness ahead of the American people
War actions were heroic. Constant criticism of ALL POTUS says or does shows weakness. Congress fault not wanting POTUS 2 get along w/ Putin!
what the hell would you know, never been a CIC you lost! Do you really think anyone other than democrats care what you say? Traitor!
You have more power than the WH and you did nothing!  Look in the mirror before placing blame, Mr DemoRat! You no longer care abt us just u!
You have been with the Senate for centuries and allowed past presidents destroy USA. Comanders recommend strategies Presidents decide.
So are you
Why don't you just retire?
Right! What happened to "knowing more than the generals" was supposed to "fix in the first 100 days" Mexico paying for wall? No.. #loserprez
You are the FAILURE SENATOR
Does he know he's supposed to do something if he doesn't like the strategy?
Not Tweet, but actually DO SOMETHING!
