Please write or co-sponsor a clean bill granting permanent resident status to DREAMERS.  #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
Why, he's a republican.
So am I &so are many who believe children should not be punished for the crimes of their parents. They came as kids & now have USA kids.
There're many of us who do know the right thing to do.  This ain't one of em.  We're just not gonna agree on anything. Bottom line.
Change party affiliation to Independent and show the resolve so many are looking for.
You mean you want McCAin to change from Dem to independent? No need. He's already a Dem
Bad attempt at humor. But nice try. You can have a participation trophy.
Your idea of order is like Chuck Schumer, Nacy Pelosi, and Elizabeth Warren-part of the resistance.
Congress and the Senate needs to be purged of the RHINOS like you. THAT will return things to normal.
Good one
If there was ever an argument for term limits - this is it.  Why not propose that tax dollar sucker?
Few care what you think. I still have no healthcare bc of your vote. I hear you are getting the best care though.
Interesting, it appears as though most of your readers and commenters are Democrat.  Everyone else gave up I guess
Congress needs to humble themselves and return to compromising!
The Dems will NEVER give ground on anything . You know this , so why say this? Answer- to keep 60 votes intact so no GOP bills gets passed
Stay home we the people don't need you
Traitor
So much for order. Sad day for America.
If they're older than why didn't they become legal what's their excuse lazy or just want to live off the United States which one is it
Fyi DACA has strict guidelines which means they have to prove they are working or getting an education and it's a last resort.
Return to "regular order" in the whole USofA would be nice.
Congress was never intended to be a career job.  Term limits brings diversity of both ethinicity, beliefs and thought.
An 80 year old man should not still be in the senate. He should be in the tropics enjoying retirement.
Same old, same old!
I know Olympia and Jock from my years with GHWBush.  A solid true republican and patriot who fought for funding coast guard
You are a traitor
Retire
Do something to save us please.
Time to retire. Get out of the way and let a younger healthy man get the job done.
Senator John McCain works from his heart and people who voted him into Office.  Whipper snappers are to brittle to be bipartisan!
Do it like bipartisanship should be done as that's the meaning of majority rules. GOP has too many far right divide to accomplish anything.
Please retire John McCain!!!!
Wouldn't you admit that our President returning DACA to Congress is a return to order? 44 was out of line. Now Congress must fix it!
Return to betraying us all.  Great
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!!
Tell McConnell to return to regular order or get out of the way.  He's a terrible leader who behaves like a spoiled brat

Blindsided? You turned on Trump & disrespected your voters-what do you think will happen?

https://m.youngcons.com/mccain-gets-blindsided-by-az-state-rep-who-says-hes-disrespecting-voters/ … via
Maybe you will vote to at least consider legislation like health care reform?
Stop being angry over not being elected president. Stop the sniping and become productive. I voted for you. A mistake???
America first! Why should illegals get more than our children our OWN.CITIZENS?!
I wish they had a bipartisan party. I'd join it.
ALL YOU DO IS LIE! NO WALL NO REPEAL. GO AWAY DEMOCRAT! #MCCAINLIES
You mean enriching yourself and your family while passing laws you are exempt from?
You are a traitor, we have no respect at all for you , you need to retire, if not then soon we will put you out of your job
Good Luck.  I hope you can get everyone to work together for the People and not for Trump.
DEMOCRAT POS
their way. we have lost our noodles! we must now live with the choices we make. before man & before God sir @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr
will never be able to mend this rift. if senator and states are willing to sue,  threaten, and divide there way to win elections or get...
McCain he's done enough damage
well with all due respect senator, i personally never seeing this happening the near future @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  @realDonaldTrump...
Swamp. Not congress.  U all need to go.
John, congress has been out of order since January.Get rid of Trump,then there is order.
YOUR reputation as a legislator is done You need to switch to the democratic party OR retire
McCain voted against return to order. Never forget.
RESIGN You BUM!!!

You've been in the Senate for 30+ years and NOW you say it's broken??  We need TERM LIMITS to clear out the entrenched corruption (like you)
Return to order now
Scofflaw legislators will need to dust off some history books and figure out how to go straight. Not sure modern educated aides will adjust.
We need a new Congress! Not a bunch of old farts that over stayed their welcome winning wit voter fraud!
Not glad that you are back !
God I miss you Sen. Snow.
Ugh. She was just a lib
The pathetic DACA "presser" didn't help
I like how you upset both the democrats and GOP http://alike.You  always act on the strength of your convictions.
America 1st!  stop the pandering senile old man!!!
Too late Senator.  You have encouraged this runaway train called Trump for too long.  Order will never return to Congress.
Thank God for the Trump train
@SenJohnMcCain make DACA a priority!  Screw tax reform, infrastructure, whatever.  Dreamers deserve priority!  PLEASE HELP #ImpeachTrumpNow
No taxes first then Healthcare and then DACA
Good advice but the leadership will need to change after the shameful performance by Ryan & McConnell last session. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Yeah, with McCain leading.   @foxnation
It is time for you to resign. Time to replace the RINO with a conservative.
IOWs the usual establishment collusion between parties to maintain the status quo.
Would love to see civility, order, and discussions leading to incremental progress.
Once again if you want regular order take your ex-lax. Get something done, and quit obstructing. RETIRE Brutus

Blame your buddy Obama 4 the mess he created
How about just doing your job and act like a Rep.
You mean act like a "Nazi"? 
John: Congress, have given us the Iran deal, DACA and all the illegal immigrants coming to our country. Maybe why Congress is 8% approval
As long as the siren song of big money remains, the degradation of our institutions will continue, especially in Congress.
Please don't vote for DACA  this president is destroying our country and embarrassing our country
That is not true you have to be legal to live here Obama did it the wrong way executive order go after him
Ya time to get off your lazy ass and help are President to get things done.
Meanwhile at @WhiteHouse chaos reigns under the stewardship of @realDonaldTrump our great #LiarInChief @POTUS
When I pay 20% more for insurance this year I'll remember it was you and @lisamurkowski that screwed my family.
One day this world will pass away, but>>
Don't call yourselves public servants!Your Nazi Party is ethnically cleansing in 2017. As a Jew I feel disgusted scared & dirty being 
You are a traitor!!!!!  Retire Rino!!!!
WaPo is a libtard newspaper. Of course they are going to agree with you. RINO.
You suck!! You're a washed up turncoat
Impeach trump
You're all in it for the money and power.
Again I will ask the same question every time you tweet where and who gave you the nine million nobody cares what you say

Sorry John Washington Post is a tabloid
fake news
Orange old man put finish daca what happens to this ppl sr?
JOHN MCCAIN QUOTES THE WAHINGTON POST.MAKES YOU UNDERSTAND WHY HE MUST GO.
I'm asking in the most respectful way possible. Please retire and give up your Senate seat. It's been long enough.
You're going to be busy
You #Resist so well. #sad to see you act this way after such a long run of service
#DefendDACA
#DefendDREAMers
#DREAMAct
#HereToStay
In your dreams
Can you please RETIRE. We've had enough, Dude.
Same thing we say about @realDonaldTrump   at least @SenJohnMcCain  is war hero and someone won't put up with Duffy trump
Matthew 11:28-30
Come to Me, all you who #labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you #rest. Take My #yoke upon you [1/3]
and learn from Me, for I am gentle and lowly in #heart, and you will find #rest for your #souls. For My #yoke is easy [2/3]
and My #burden is light.” [3/3]
2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the #grace of our #LordJesusChrist, that though He was rich, #yet for your #sakes He became [1/2]
poor, that you through His #poverty might become rich. [2/2]
