JOHN ,YOUR RIGHT ON THE PERFECT SHOW FOR YOU. JOHN ASK  ABOUT DONNA B AND DEBATE,
Please, you're asking conservatives to listen to, Fake Jake? @POTUS McCain, you infiltrated GOP.
john is so loyal to his good friend Barack Obama isn't he?
you suck
nobody cares, John your a liberal stooge. We r all laughing at you. Libs use u.
Please do the country a big favor and retire!
We want PROOF McCain is a republican!  We sure haven't seen it!
you've gone mad! Stop your deplorable talk. Dems will never love you & R's no longer respect you eating our own!
I don't mean to be rude but do you think it's 2008 again and you are running for president? Need a doc
a liberal sympathizer masquerading as a journalist interviewing a RINO.  Your bias is showing again
Clinton foundation member interviewing democrat
no thanks #McCainisnotmypredident #McCainisaDemocrat
No confidence n FBI, they can't stop Mex. Heroin that's killis  more in US than anything but car crashes
may God help you
Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain talks Russian influence but not Israel's: http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ … #CNNSOTU
John is making FAKE NEWS

JUST STOP Liberal bias media keep interviewing U knowing U will give them comment to destroy Republicans
Is somebody like Soros paying you to keep making damaging unthought out comments 2 damage Repub agenda?
your going to be late for bed check at the seniors home...
John McCain is a traitor. If Nixon didn't pardon him he would  be in jail!
No thanks! I've already studied Benedict Arnold. I don't need a reminder. This man is a disgrace to GOP.
CNN loves u. When did u say you're retiring?
funny u keep appearing on THOSE CHannels & NOT Fox u change parties? U sound like u don't like POTUS
more lies from john
Two losers!!!!    You have no credibility!
You're an embittered old man jealous of Trump. Get on the team or shut up.
drain the swamp #john McCain
U are disrespectful, traitor POW, traitor globalist under disguise of a Republican.  Soros funded, evil!
So many people know the traitor u are.  Also know how Tom Arnold boasts u are bringing POTUS down.
He and Lindsay Graham are both traitors! I wouldn't b surprised if they r leakers
Only tip of iceberg I'm  sure!  Needs investigated. Asked Russia for campaign funds also!
#TraitorMcCain
Were not stupid if their was a Russian connection you would of used it! Give it up!
John McCain, whose team do you play on anyway? Very disappointed in you.
your put up or shut up to Trump on @CNNSotu is why I admire you.  Though I disagree alot ,  you have integrity.  Bravo
I rather watch a dog show than hear your BS to divide the Party which you need to switch from.
Such a foolish old man.
ask him about his meeting with Isis.
The Left's new poster boy, the traitor John "Songbird" McCain.  Screw Songbird, Tapper and CNN !
yes, anyone who is against a moron like the Donald is a traitor. Ay yi yi hahah. 
POTUS Trump wants to make America sovereign again; prosperous.  That's moronic eh, D-bag ?
does he though? Why is he wasting so much money on vacation then?
You Libturds always dismiss what your boy obama abused.  Spent more time on vacation than his predecessors.
again, I'm not a liberal. I understand comprehension is hard for you
#TownHall.
Seems we only hear from you when you want something
We want something from you-Representation
I pray you used good common sense in this interview Sen. McCain!

I'll be sure to watch it, NOT!
Maverick sucks.
America first you wanna be!
no- sounds like their party is the focus- Not AMERICA!!
no way u qualify to address state of union maybe collude with ur friends at CNN. Oversight failure va
ask him why the F18 loaded flies circles around the F35 empty.
Ask Songbird McCain why he sealed all his military records pertaining to his actions as POW.  Treason?
no thanks.  Old fart is a disgrace these days.
here's a MAVERICK idea!!!! How about a "in person" town hall???
FakeNews n fake veteran collide together
FAKE Veteran?! That is a disgusting comment! What have you sacrificed for America?
oh the same clowns who are selling off American day by day.
why so we can hear these fake news media use you into talking bad about Administration. Turncoat
I have no idea why you think you are relevant anymore. Give up your spot and retire. Usefulness over..
talk about leaked documents u got who gave them I'd the felons or traitors. Do your job.
Oh...what I forgot to meet with AZ for townhalls this go-round? How very forgetful of me...
Here we go McCain again on CNN. CNN loves McCain. Wonder why:)
disgusting action by a self centered grouchy ole man. Who failed military and veterans as well as all
may God help you
..... oh calm down.. maverick votes the party line...
2 massive raging cucks, I'll skip it and play golf.
may God help you
For 8 YEARS McLame  was ignored by the MSM. Why are they even talking to this old fossil?
he is now, the designated squawker... all squawk!!!!! No town hall..
