Please do the world a favor and just go away. You are helping to destroy this great nation.
Did u tell him about the free healthcare you have & the rest of us don't?
You are a kind & courageous man senator. Godspeed for your recovery
Yoy should be put on Obama Care your no good
We all missed it - intentionally. Some of us were kind of busy with #Irma, Senator Narcissism. Please retire.
I pray for you Mr. McCain...but maybe you could sit down with a journalist next Sunday...#MAGA
You should've discussed your retirement!

Great! Let's create a new law is their names #UDDMC
Wow.....so only the liberals are willing to talk with one of the worst of the Keating Five.  Fake news @CNN at that.  LOL!
Short memories, or selective memories for political purposes, he is a hero to the left he voted to continue Obama care.
Self engrandizing
Funny thing! U are often seen on CNN but never on Fox.
Excellent interview. Especially enjoyed the story about the campaign plane. Best to you Sen @SenJohnMcCain
Will not waste my intelligence on rubbish, go away "headline photo shoot McCain"
MASONIC HAND SIGN
Did you tell him that Mayo Clinic doesn't accept Obamacare? Hypocrite.
No thanks, just keep it private, think about citizens you hurt with your health care vote. RETIRE Brutus
Get over yourself
Top issues like repeal and replace Obamacare!
I'm sure glad you have "such Good" healthcare since you screwed the American people out of having any! SHAMEFUL TRAITOR!
John 3:16
For #God so loved the #world that He gave His only begotten #Son, that whoever believes in Him should not [1/2]
perish but have everlasting #life. [2/2]
Proverbs 18:10
The name of the #Lord is a strong #tower; The righteous run to it and are safe.
German evangelist & missionary Reinhard Bonnke. Anointed evangelist to Africa who clashed with Muslims to win millions to Jesus Christ.
#DeepState war criminal.
Why don't you go to work for CNN.
You've Los all credibility with me, showboating your Obama care vote.
Idiocy & Cronyism - Your McCain Itenerary
Thanks 4 service in 60-70s but you've become Benedict-like. Glad ur non-Obamacare treatment is going well.  Wish we all had that option.
Hope yu will have a fast recovery
"We The People", introduce bill to require  term limits for congress members.
Seconded
Great interview. TYVM and Godspeed. My father fought very similar battle, fought it very strongly.
That is because YOU and other politicians are  NOT on Obamacare!!!!!
Bless you Senator!! 
Good thing you don't have to use the VA?
You and Jake must be good buddies. Are you passing him bogus stories.
Thank you senator- I may not always have agreed with you but see you as a true American hero.
I appreciate your service & commitment to better gov't, Sen., but more $ for defense hasn't made us stronger. We need better foreign policy!
Cool how is that Cadillac Tax payer funded Healthcare.
I think I'm just gonna comment on every one of your tweets @SenJohnMcCain, just to say the same thing - you are a treasure. Thank you. 
That's typical sit down with your fav CNN. You need to retire
It was a very good interview.  Thank you for your lifelong dedication to our country.  Signed, a Progressive who loves Mavericks!
Democrate McCain aka Benedict Aronald
I have never liked you being a warmonger but your health takes important to my feelings for you I pray  you make a full recovery
Thank you sir.
Nobody cares anymore McCain.  U r on notice from America don't run again.  You will nt be reelected again.
I'm praying for you and your family as you confront this latest challenge in a long and brave life.  Thank you for serving our country.
John do ALL of  America a favor and RETIRE ..
Why anyone would interview a traitor like you is a mystery...oh wait, it was CNN.  You need to retire NOW!
Thank you for serving your country sir.  I don't always agree with your stands, but I don't doubt your patriotism.
And please be well!
Great interview. Be well Senator. Thank you for all that you have done for this country. Your voice is needed now more than ever 
Sen. McaCain, hoping & praying for a speedy recovery and eradication of this nasty cancer. God bless. Prayers for you & your family.   
Some really evil people on this thread.
ICYMI: @SenJohnMcCain gets the best healthcare that #ObamaCare can't afford. Good to be an elite, and not have to live like the rest of us.
Good thing he doesn't have to use the VA!
Good thing you exempted the Senate from Obamacare or your health challenges would be over
Excellent show @SenJohnMcCain with @jaketapper .Sorry you have to endure so much hatred by bitter, hateful 'trolls'. Will leave it at that
Fake
Heard you may oppose the #AHCA again? You're living bc healthcare paid by taxpayers but, it's too good for us? Stand up and stand firm sir!
Great interview.  John McCain is a true patriot.  Stay strong.  We're with you.
Lemon-water and vegetable juice and various beans.
Look at all the trolls Russia sends to McCain's feed because they can't stand he is an #Americanhero . Never give up, Mr. McCain! Ty!
I did. I have such respect for you. My thoughts and prayers
Pray for Irma
saw it when it aired, very inspiring... all best wishes with your health
Wishing you well and please don't change your mind about healthcare. We all need it and need it to be affordable.
Was a very touching interview sir. Stay strong, and God is with you. May God keep you safe and healthy, to help lead us out of THIS MESS!
Will you be resigning soon?

If u are interested in truth, google credible news sources; you'll find that CNN beats Trump & Trump supporters news sources by a long shot

Your feed is full of Russian propaganda-- R U part on Trump's troll army to deflect from his treason? http://dashboard.securingdemocracy.org/ 
On the clinton news network awesome
bot says wot? http://dashboard.securingdemocracy.org/ 
So like the  news is real and CNN is real news?
The statistics of a person who survives brain cancer is...."Zero"...Karma is a bitch isn't it McCain.
Not true.
http://www.abta.org/brain-tumor-information/types-of-tumors/glioblastoma.html …
Keeping you in our prayers sir. #trueAmericanhero.
You are a hero. There are many issues which needs your leadership.. So please take care of yourself.
Resign
ICYMI we want you to join the @SenateGOP and support @POTUS
Did you talk about all the 10s of 1000s vets you let die of neglect @DeptVetAffairs over our decades political sellout. #ivorytowerelitist
Your "health challenge?" Seriously? I had insurance for 40 yrs then lost EVERYTHING bc of @BarackObama . Then you vote NO. Retire now.
I am praying for you Senator. You are a strong amazing resilient man and this too you will strongly overcome. Full and speedy recovery Sir.
Dont kiss his old grey ass your food stamps arent going to go up
I remember when we had a president who wasn't Putin's puppet and didn't need a horrid bot army to deflect from his treason
Love you Sir, thank you. Much L&R
.@SenJohnMcCain @jaketapper @CNNSotu you are the Swamp! 
Honorably is an absolute! American Hero, too! #TeamMcCain #admultosannos
CNN? When are you changing parties? You don't represent conservatives when your only purpose is to take down POTUS
Please sit down-shut up-do your JOB-vote with your party. #MAGA
No thanks. We've heard enough of your lying bs . Especially on the Fake News Network
Satan bring your monster @SenJohnMcCain home NOW!
Engineer Tells The Truth About WTC 9/11 Inside Job #GovernmentTerrorism #WarOnIslam 
 https://twitter.com/genlady9/status/906956806316011522/video/1 …
I do not know how, wow 
