You would think so when he was sellling out his brothers in Vietnam.
Very disappointed you voted for budget that will take $ from old and poor to give tax breaks to rich. So much for you saving healthcare
trump will put us in war he is medically fit to control nuclear controls used 25th amendment to remove your families future is at risk
Shame on you! You sold us out! You may be a war hero but you are a major sob!
We should fully fund disabled veterans as well. Why do injured veterans need to pay for their own disabilities. CRDP should be for all
TRAITOR!!!!!
You voted to take a Trillion dollars away from Medicaid and over 450 billion from Medicare. This will take funding away from Seniors Shame
Thank you Sen. McCain for demanding answers in regards to Niger.  Deeply respect your commitment to our military.
Disappointed that you would vote to cut Medicare for the Seniors in order to give better tax breaks to the wealthy!
Fully fund military = a resolution proposes $473 billion cuts to Medicare’s baseline spending over a decade and $1 trillion from Medicaid
Why does the military need more funding when the enemy resides within?  Today’s wars are fought silently by “500 lb people in basements” DJT
You must even talk in your sleep.
Be sure to remember what that military budget is defending. When you vote for a budget that cuts Medicaid and Medicare be sure to cut the same medical spending from the defense budget. Otherwise, you are not defending American values, you are defending an American Military.
#JohnMcCain is a true American hero!
As a veteran i call bull shit
MyHero you stand for truth
He doesn't know what truth is. He told Arizona he was a republican. Now that is funny
Nobody cares about what you say or do anymore
You do or else you wouldn't comment
Boredom and caring are two different things. 
Lol

We are watching, @SenJohnMcCain mcthe MILITARY doesn't need 70 BILLION in funding! and tax cuts for the 1% Vote NO, 2018 
FUND HEALTHCARE
Go away
What happened to regular order, Senator?  No filibuster allowed so long as you were mollified with defense $?
The Senate passed a budget bill that would protect a $1.5 trillion tax cut from a filibuster http://nyti.ms/2znyd2t 
We need to know what the hell happened re Niger & Chad and we need the truth. This does not look good. WH can't be trusted to be honest.
It's Trump that is finally the champion for our police and Military
I will never watch you again John McCain, you are outta touch with your people and our party, and I'm a staunch Republican
#RetireMcCain
Sara H Sanders would clean the floor with your ass
 - Thumbs down to YOU jag! [To match your thumbs down on repealing that illegal tax burden called mandated Ocare...]
Retire!!!!!!!!!!

U are hurting military families every time u open your mouth & spew hate &ignorance when u try to hurt our President! #TraitorsLose
How dare u act like u care 4 military! How dare u question troops in Niger who were doing routine work and were ambushed!
Are you going to yell at more reporters?
Get tax reform done not just self promotion
If U.S. Armed Forces  is not UP to  its standard ,service members not prepared trained adequately, or undersized being for Navy Ships 1/1...
2/2  also for Air Force (aircraft) then we are not ready for a WAR w/ N.Korea or any other all-out War.So, the downfall must be w LEADERSHIP
Since Trump is going to get us into war(s) with N. Korea and/or Iran, we had better get ready
How about “fully funding” other things that strengthen us like education, infrastructure, healthcare, etc?
He is the only one with any backbone.  The rest are spineless wimps!
(Stand up to Trump)
Fully fund the ACA!
Thanks for working to help protect those kids.
John, wtf?
Will you vote to tax the very wealthy to help the military?
Stop financially raping the American people.
For this VET. That would be a first for you to help any veterans to my own knowledge from listening to many elders from years past.
As a democrat and Obama supporter I liked you since standing for whats right back then during your campaign. Never give up we count on you!
Where is funding for pending fronts w/o declaration of war - Arctic Ocean & Russian control over EU transit to N. America, NK, & Nicaragua?
Thank Good for you senator , please don't stop fighting on two fronts. For yourself and for our democracy!
Knew u were special,thanks #POW
You better vote NO on @SenateGOP budget that cuts education, cuts nutrition, cuts healthcare to benefit the RICH!
POTUS is taking care of Military and conducting very successful Missions. All you need to do is simply Vote Yes. It's not much to ask from U
Take trump out 25th amendment
First thing I agree with McCain on
How about education?  Don't you see how that's so much more important right now?  We don't want the dumb and corrupt enlisting
FULLY FUND? PHONY FULLY FUNNY
Give the military what ever they need
Traitor to who?  Not the American people.  Maybe a traitor to the traitor-in-chief.
God bless you!
How much is ENOUGH?
Giving the Military More Money Won't Make It Win More - The Atlantic
Pentagon to Congress: For the Love of God, Stop Buying Shit We Don't Need
Trump’s defense budget guidelines are a terrible misuse of money.
How Taxpayers Pay the Price for Defense Contractor Fraud
Where is the Money Going? - Contractors Account for 22% of Defense Dept. Workforce, but 50% of Workforce Cost -
Hey mr logic. What percent of the federal budget goes to funding the military and how much is spent on entitlements and servicing the debt?
I'll make it easy for you. Two thirds of every dollar spent by our federal government goes to debt service plus entitlements .
Watching you right now. Thank you for all you do.
See I'm different from everybody else I understand that you're living out your presidency inside your head

This VET. And many others would agree.

Praying for Senator McCain. Please protect those true and pure conservatism ideologies & let no popularism diffuse its real meaning.

#support_kurdstan
21+ trillion debt you want to leave the next generation. Thanks.
fully fund the Military...how about bring the Troops back home...sick maniac..
And the democrat sen.from Arizona tweets more crap


What is this an ad for?
McCain's campaign
Campaign for what?
Are you 12?
That's a ridiculously stupid and unrelated question. He's really running again? Isn't he dying?
That was a campaign promise that got him the seat you dummy.. wake up
No, he's a "man of integrity" a hero even, surely he wouldn't betray his constituency, country, and party by not doing so.
Amazing! I am watching you speak on C-SPAN & didn't see you touch your phone to tweet this! How did you do that?

#MAGA-IT
Hope you didn't stay up late watching baseball. Maybe you can be covered when your mouth starts flapping. RETIRE Brutus
"Mark" is just another Russian bot.
What...Trump's bone spurs making you nauseated? #TrumpRussia
Amen, and thanks for looking into things.
Let's take some of that money and fund education, healthcare, and infrastructure.
Please please please impeach 45 or start 25. Please.
Please please stop being another crazy lib.
. Save yourself!
And announcing your resignation
McCain A true statesman!
