Why won't any other R's call 45 on all the shadey or authoritarian speech or behavior?
When will you retire old goat?


When are you going to retire? It's for new ideas from a fresh face.
We have defended 1st world industrial democracies for 2 generations. They have universal healthcare and we don't. It's a damn shame.
When are you going to something good for this country and leave office?
What are your thoughts on Flynn, Manafort, Kushner, Stone & Page? Is it normal for a WH to have so many ties to Russia? Do you support them?
When will you stop undermining the Trump administration?  Time for you to leave the public troth
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain still hasn't responded to #USSLiberty survivor in following @Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #Navy #SOT


Why? Burning American flag?
Can't wait.
Why are you such a wishy washy mope?
How will you prevent millions from losing health insurance if ACA is repealed? My premiums would rise 1,000% per CBO, i.e. unaffordable!
When will you retire from the Republican Party????
Sooon???

No thanks...
Pensions & benefits for 2.1 million federal workers cost taxpayers  $80 billion,Raising #Payrolltaxlimit on #Gov #paychecks will raise $119B




Why do republicans ignore treason?
Betsy? Really? Trumpcare? Really? Putin? Really! Are you working for America? Or the GOP?
Let's talk liars & leakers
Here's your first question why are you still at congressman? Traitors to our country should never be elected Officials. #songbird
The hell with town hall meetings that go nowhere!!!  As a heroic veteran you know what to do!  Keep our solders well equipped and safe.
Wow...lots of secrets coming out...hope you can keep your head above water.
Afraid to face your voters traitor?
Silence on acts of violence, verbal  & political assualt, political assult = silent acceptance. Why does the r party not speak out?
What is your plan to deal with the financial ramifications of th acha? It will devastate Arizona .  Hospitals will close.
Question: when will you Sen. McCain do something about Trump. You talk a lot but have done nothing. Now he is disclosing loc of subs.
My exact thoughts about @SenJohnMcCain 
John, my question is, WHY are you still in congress???
He's all talk, absolutely NO action. Giddy up Grandpa
Wish I could be at your stinking town hall.  LOTS of things I could ask you about.  WHY ARE YOU OBSTRUCTING POTUS?????
Why aren't you talking about NSA spying, why are you intent on ur party failing and get over your jealousy and support potus or retire
Seniors are struggling. Only social security. Pay out Medicare prem, ins prem ,copays, deductibles, scripts. Last raise went to Medicare
Retire. It's time.
Our democracy is at stake. Why is the GOP allowing Trump to continue as POTUS knowing his campaign and himself colluded with the Russians?
Will you sponsor a bill that all Federal employees, including yourself, must use trumpcare? WITHOUT YOUR MEDICAL SUBSIDIES!
Have you accepted any campaign funds from any Russian entity?
I'm a Dem and u r the only GOP that gives me hope that u'll do right. What r u going to do about Trumps bad: hlth, environ,  & tax policies
No tks, no action john!  All u do is blah blah blah!!  try ACTUALLY DOING SOMETHING FOR A CHANGE!!
You have been such a disappointment. Retire or join the Democratic Party.
Jeff Sessions needs to go. Do something about that.
I want to know how/when GOP leaders will put country above party to heal the divide in our country.  This is the only way to move forward.
ask MaCain how much he got Jeff Flake from AZ why he took over 200 thousand dollars from insurance lobbyist for his vote to kill us
Russian story is a Democrat motivated excuse for losing. Why not address that? Crying the Russians are coming is scare tactic period
Senator. Will you withdraw your endorsement for @gianforte now that he was exposed as a simple thug? Do U condone? This is GOP? #MontanaGOP
I respect you for talking to your constituents. @RepBradWenstrup can't do the same. Going to clean house in Ohio
You need to start putting your constituents above your party.  Stop voting for these horrible Republican policies!
4- What are you going to do to protect womens rights to healthcare?
Start standing w/our president... I'm sick of republicans turning their backs while dems are the ones getting away with murder!
Arizona ranks LAST in nation on teacher pay. Teachers are leaving the state for better jobs. What are you doing about this? Embarrassing
Sen. McCain, I'm from AZ. I cannot support you if you keep putting party over country. Listen to your constituents.
We work John .. I know you only think of the rich and their tax breaks but the truth is we work for a living ....
Traitor!
Not good enough. You need to meet face to face. Too many gop hiding from town halls or rgging them via facebook or pay to attend
When is the Republican Party going to speak to power and deal with Trump?
what if we don't believe in sup Zuckerberg & Facebk? Can we not b ur constituent then? How bout some real Town Hall
Q: In your personal opinion, do you think Trump's inept actions and arrogant behavior will result in losing GOP strongholds in 2018?
US the middle finger. 3- our country has been hijacked by Russia how long are we supposed to sit back and watch Putin take over?
Q: How much restructuring do you think will be needed to make Trump's budget reasonable to Dems?
Q: If Trump campaign/Russian collusion (intentional or unintentional) is confirmed, would you deem that as treason?
isn't @facebook in one of those medical AND  recreational marijuana states? Might explain their strange thought patterns.
And contributed to our great state?  2- Trump and his fam have been breaking emolument clauses to enrich themselves and basically giving the
I only wish you could talk some sense into my congressman @DarrellIssa with his town hall where he sent invites to only certain groups
Why are you siding with trump pence and Russia and not America?
As a resident of AZ almost all my life the ?'s are many. 1- what are u going to do to protect the law abiding Mex/Am that have worked (cont)
As a resident of AZ, if anyone is LAW ABIDING CITIZENS they have no fear. It's ILLEGAL ALIENS that need to fear.
ask @facebook to DM me about their error and perhaps if they make things right I'll accept their purchase orders instead.
do you think @facebook is starting to get the picture? My arm hurts from holding back the lawyers who want to sue for FREE!
Russian money religious radicals
funny how  @facebook face recognition software says Woody Woodcasters when the cursor is placed on my picture! Morons.
WHYNOT PAY #MedicareTaxes on $65,000 You #DONT PAY,thats  $650K n10 yrs,its $200B  per year $2T over 10yrs,$19T shud b $17T #Taxreform
4 healthcare y does congress not 1st reform pharma costs (part B) & nationalize insurance. Federalism moves HC $ out of care into overhead?
how much should the damages be in a lawsuit against @facebook for discrimination against my business pages?
Disgusted with your anti-Trump everything.  And to think I once supported you--no longer!
That good!
Senator, If I lied on my EPSQ application for security clearance, would I be prosecuted?
could you ask @facebook why they think I'm not me but have continued to email me notifications to myname@hotmail.com?
Pensions & benefits for 2.1 million federal workers cost taxpayers  $80 billion,Raising #Payrolltaxlimit on #Gov #paychecks will raise $119B
How about some thoughts on your fellow Republican assaulting a reporter. Does the GOP condone this or support a free press?
aren't there internet laws keeping @facebook from discriminating against people and harming their businesses?
Please senator do not be so cynical. Host a LIVE town hall. You are tough&can face WE THE PEOPLE. Show the country who u really are!Honesty!
When are u going to retire?
do you think I have a case against @facebook for closing me out of my business and band pages? Harming my business for 2 yrs?
How does supplying a radical Islamic state like Saudi Arabia many Murder-Tools which they can share with fellow extremists make us safer?
Your years of captivity has taught you to be compliant with those whom you perceive as violent. It's time to stand up & be a Conservative.
For presidential candidates running for office, why can't rules be changed so candidates must provide 5 yrs  tax returns w Financial summary
The media wasn't just asking for the tax returns, 65M voters were asking as part of our vetting process and were denied. Change the rules.
GOOD Thursday,Sen.John McCain of ARIZONA
is it alright for @facebook to put my pages in LIMBO for 2 years after they CALLED me 3 times, talked to me said I wasn't me?
?: Why Russian election involment getting lower priority, vs poss. voter fraud which @realDonaldTrump has commission
Are you a democratic now? Living in Tucson for over 40 years. Shame on you for your party politics. You have lost our respect. Retire please
Talk is cheap
Please announce your retirement.
TERM LIMITS!!!!!!!
QUESTION:  What can Congress (or you) do to coordinate with our European allies to counter Russia if President Trump will not?
Q: CBO score is in for GOP healthcare and it's no surprise it's not good, what do you have to say to the House for dumping it on Senate?
I thought he was resigning
What has happened to your party? Criminals, liars, thugs, foreign $...Entire GOP is an utter disgrace.
You described The Clinton Cartel.
Great pic!
Please speak to the security and economic fallout of climate change and what we can do now to protect our country from these effects.
It's called winter, spring, summer and autumn.
If Russians are our enemy, why do we trust them to transport our astronauts to space station and pay them $ 176 m each trip !
@SenJohnMcCain thank you for your loyal service. Now PLEASE RETIRE
И таки когда Вы успокоитесь? В яме Вас держал не Путин
Sorry,  you needed a question. What are you doing about the foreign agent in the WH?
Who are you calling a foreign agent?
Lets talk about the foreign agent in the WH and what you are doing about him.
Would love to if you would start being an American first and a Republican last.  In between is decency and compassion.
At least they're weekly. Senator, my representative Frelinghuysen only holds one every five years or so.
@nj11forchange Yes how about talking with your pal Rodney"WHERE IN THE WORLD IS RODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN?" Ready to distribute the milk cartons
Thoughts on assault against free press?
@BarackObama & his play date @AngelaMerkeICDU want us 2 sing "kumbaya"  while ENEMIES OF HUMANITY R sharpening their sabers & making bombs.
