Senator you have to redeem yourself both as a republican and as a human being. You've become corrupt with hatred and bitterness.theres hope
Why are you so jealous of our POTUS and could you please retire tomorrow.


You do know I'll have to steal and use this right?
John, Are you going to finally admit being a ChiCom convert, and read to the group from your "little red book"?
Senator McCain - Enes Kanter (NBA star & Turkish dissident) detained in Romania when Turkey cancelled passport. Deport to Turkey? Pls help!
go home..shut mouth..retire before you totally destroy yourself.RINO
why don't you shut up and support our president ! Ure irrelevant and The only reason you have any voice is because he saved the Rep Party !
"Imposter Syndrome" finally the Senator has been diagnosed.
Care to explain this?
Nope, never will. Retire
This veteran is sad to see you, a war hero, now becoming a traitor to our nation. Quit the impeachment crap. No substance to it.
Why are you a jerk???
Sen. Please don't let trump give away 110 billion to those rich fucking friends of his while are kids loose school meals.. please help!!
Joseph Lieberman is a bad choicde for FBI director many reasons, described here:
So sorry I voted for you!
Do you support single payer health insurance like the majority of Americans want?  What is your take on WH scandal?
Why do you go out of your way to go against Donald Trump? Do you realize we are paying attention and your days in the senate are numbered?
No THANKS
Question:  When are u going to support the elected president of the united states?  What r u going to do to forward his agenda?

Thank you for your service to our country. Your sacrifice is not forgotten.
Lieberman: early onset Alzheimer’s, endorse McFrenchfry-Palin(g) ticket. Full-blown: endorse DeVos-lution institutionalized dumb-down.
At what time in the "talk" will your #faketears begin?  Will you feign severe stomach pain for added drama?
Impeachment is inevitable. The question is, Senator, will you stand up for the right thing and vote to confirm?
Why? You are just a sore loser!
When are you and @LindseyGrahamSC going to come out as a democrats? Why are you trying to undermine our president? Rhinos will be voted out.
Senator McCain why aren't you calling for a investigation into the surveillance and unmasking of the Trump transition team?
What is being to ensure the individual health insurance market is not destroyed for next year? AZ only has one insurer left.
So disappointed in you words cannot describe - my question is why are you acting like a shill for the DNC
All of congress needs to support HR 1227
Trump offended you and you refund your offense on the Americans. Your revenge is unfair to us
Senator it is time for you to go.u use to be a man but now you r a little spoiled girl
Why are you holding up security clearances for trump employees?
When are you quitting
Turk event in Wash DC at Trump Int'l Hotel w the Turk Ambassador as Keynote speaker after Erdogan's security attacked protesters still on?
It's time for Arizona to vote in a real Republican Senator

John McCain is a disgrace. I respected him once but after seeing how far he goes to undermine our president he makes me sick
John I'm sorry I backed you for years but it's time you retired you are out of touch with the American people

" Mr, #PresidentTrump We Have Your Back%"
#Michigan Voter's Impassioned Message to @POTUS
#IStandWithTrump% #AmericaIsBack#AmericaFirst 
McCain:"I am more worried about this country than I've been in my entire lifetime" THEN DO SOMETHING! History won't be kind to GOP enablers!
Hey stand up for what you believe and stop Treasonous Trump you would of made a better president in my view than Obama I believed in you. X
Gerrymandering is a massive problem can you support an amendment preventing partisan Gerrymandering?
QUESTION: Shouldn't Joe Lieberman be excluded from FBI post?
Go home u r a left democrat go home and stop pretending
John McCain do what is right & protect the country u defended in War & stop supporting a draft dodging traitor
Ignore the idiots Mr. McCain........and just do what is right.  If Trump needs to be impeached I know you will do what's right.
Why are you turning your back on the very nation you fought for? @SenJohnMcCain
Mc Cain obviously doesn't  want the swamp drained. So, he must be an alligator in the SWAMP!
Can't wait to hear you side with the Democrats. What a "maverick", Not.
PLEASE RESIGN - YOU ARE A FAKE NEWS PEDDLER!
REPUBS MUST VOTE JOHN McCAIN& LINDSEY GRAHAM OUT!
Why don't you retire and give America a big sigh of relief.
Do you remember last time US President fired an FBI Director & told 2 Russians he was a "nut job" in the Oval Office? #dosomething
The reason for Trump difficulty is he has severe narcissistic personality disorder and ADHD. Look it up. The man needs help.
please retire
What laws did Comey break talking about an active case to his "good friend Benjamin Wittes"?
How come U forgot your OATH u took to DEFEND the USA from ALL enemies foreign and DOMESTIC?! Now it's a CRIMINAL investigation. Stand up!!
VICTOR DAVIS HANSON FULL EXPLOSIVE INTERVIEW WITH TUCKER CARLSON (5/18/2... https://youtu.be/Y5TPHHGG6HE  via @YouTube
The real John McCain
How can you say, over and over, that the Russian meddling did not have any consequence when they only dripped emails vs Hillary?
Why do you only talk a big game?
Your a traitor to the middle class people who voted Trump. NOW IT'S TIME TO VOTE U OUT..U ATTACK TRUMP WE ATTACK U
Why do you want to impeach Trump? And doesn't that make you a Traitor?
One time you had validity. Now you have political schizophrenia. It's time to hang up your 80 year old tie and retire with dignity.
are yoU a democrat?
Please retire and just go.
No thank you !!
Hang it up McCain. Time for you to retire so that CNN can make Graham their favorite RINO.
John McCain’s campaign manager arrested over pedophilia charges against young boys, Media silent http://www.northcrane.com/2017/03/04/john-mccains-campaign-manager-arrested-over-pedophilia-charges-against-young-boys-media-silent/ … 
So much for your blaming the @SenateDems for @realDonaldTrump appointment confirmations! Partisan hack who LIED on @morningmika  Enough!
@realDonaldTrump appointed billionaire ambassador to Bahamas,no ambassador since 2011 because @SenateGOP refused to confirm @POTUS44 pick! 
You need to change your affiliation -you are definitely not conservative. Your allegiance is definitely not to America.
Trump supporters are anti-American.
When are you going to admit all you care about is your own agenda and not the people you represent?
When is Senate going to start "working For the people, instead of politics & party"?? Tied of expecting more & getting less! IMPEACH drumpf!
Try not to help the Dems with this baseless effort to ruin Trump.  I know you will struggle, but give it your all.
IMPEACH the President 
Americans are furious
We are charging you with OBSTRUCTION of JUSTICE you work for us not Him!
Simply the racist and idiot old man.
Sir, why don't you support President Trump? You, elected republicans, capitulate to pressure and innuendo instead of united to support him.
We want to know how many times you met with Soros when you announced your support for.@HilaryClinton & how much did you take 4 that support?
We want times places phone calls you made with Soros since the onset of the "Russian Investigation" We want to know how much money U took
What are your thoughts on the Dept of Ed considering AZ schools rank very poorly in the US? Ed is the only way US will remain competitive.
We want you to turn over any a list of how many times you have made contact with Soros during the course of this Russian investigation
What direct action(as opposed to more interviews and tweets) are you going to take regarding the Turkish bodyguard incident?
My only question... Why don't you support @POTUS
The GOP Senate plans to draft its own healthcare bill. What did you like/dislike from what the House passed?
Sen. Flake has come out in favor of NAFTA. What are your thoughts? How could potential changes proposed by POTUS affect AZ?
What are your thoughts on the Exec Order for Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act? How could this affect AZ?
@POTUS extreme views of "make America great again"lie in unilateral use of America's dominating military power These views aligned to yours?
@LindseyGrahamSC Shame on you!!! The Senate has the responsibility to investigate the Russian/Trump and impose more sanctions.
I wouldn't join John McCain if he were my Siamese twin.
Why are you not standing up and fighting for our president against the evil false charges and Fake media, you are AWOL. Defend your treason.
If you were the incumbent teflon President of USA, what will you do differently?Which of any of his policies do you agree or disagree with?
Face your constituents at home. Stop these stupid fake FB townhalls with your well screened questions. Time to man up. We deserve better.
Screw You Republican turn coat anti Trump!

John McCain: I gave Russia blackmail dossier on Trump to FBI......THIS IS WHERE AND WHO THE RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION CAME FROM.. 
Re :Vietnam experience: uncountable peace prizes would be under your belt if, rather than being a war monger, you are a "peace" advocate.  ?
Will you ask for all of Comeys Memo's and notes from the beginning of his head of the FBI?
Why didn't you ask special council to investigate Obama? And Clinton on all their Scandals?
- call for investigation of DNC equipment servers emails phones for Russian Hacker evidence all DNC staff DW Schultz All must
- CUMMINGS DOESNT WANT JOE L FOR FBI ! Why
The incident a few days ago w Turkey Pres bodyguards. Are you or anyone in Congress going to take action? Our Pres won't speak up will u?
come to Twitter!
Why is the GOP all comrades these days?
I would rather eat glass.
Will you and your Senate Cmte step away from the media spotlight and allow the Special Counsel to complete its investigation unimpeded?
RUSSIA?
What is being done about the Turkish attack of peaceful protesters on American soil? Why has there been no comment from the White House?
If the investigation shows @POTUS illegally tried to influence Comey re: Flynn, what is the proper recourse?
town halls are Chickenshit. Why are so scared to meet your constituents face to face? LESS TV MORE OVERSIGHT
Actually we refer to a lot of people who worked under Reagan and Bush....that's what's alarming!
Of course they dismissed that pervert.  What an embarrassment, but certainly not representative of the party.
He is destroyed....what future does he have?  You can't flog a dead horse.
No thanks...I've heard all the D spin already.
How are you doing STUPID!?!?
Seriously, my question goes towards the native people of the US. How can we honor them and respect their land while running pipelines throu?
@SenJohnMcCain - several folks I know have been deployed recently. What are some good things we are doing for troops overseas for morale?
What steps are being taken to make sure the Senate and Congress investigations are properly staffed and continue?
Quick question. Why is Trump such a Douche?
Trader! No thanks you need to get your priorities straight! You're letting the Americans who elected you down and all Republicans!

Senator what are you doing about the Turkish goons in our country and what took place?
Don't bother, he won't answer your question. He'll fawn over the man who called him a loser
How are going to control Trump's business conflicts?
When will you be announcing that you are now a member of the democratic party?
unlikely I spend my time with people I respect and you sir I do not respectMAGA
Watching: @CSPAN U.S. House of Representatives, Sen.John McCain ; TRUTH
@CSPAN 11am CT.  U.S. House of Representatives
Will you recuse yourself from voting on Lieberman for FBI Director? Lieberman is a good guy but there has to be arm's length & Indep at FBI.
I woulden't join you if my life depended on it you lousy low life stinking lazy bum. This country is a sad place with you and your rhetoric.
How about a REAL Town Hall, not a phony call-in tweet-in farce,where you pick&choose your questions ahead of time. LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE!
McCain is a loser,that needs to come out as a crazy Liberals!We all know already might as well come out! Oh and he is colluding with the DNC
I get your reference and feel very smug about it.
You misinterpreted my comment, never mind.
Why the attitude? I got your Manchurian Candidate reference and was happy with myself.  I get the Saul Goodman remark too. +fuck mcCain POS
no strain, internet huh?  I am a Fermanagh man, btw
just go away
Great!  Gonna talk about getting us out of these never-ending Regime-Change Wars in the Mid-East?
You know that's the WH Briefing time!!!
What is @GOP going to do about its Russia problem and prevent future election interference?
Do you intend to stand up for fed-up Americans or just pay lip-service and continue to vote blindly along party lines...?
He plans to talk a big game then roll over the second an important decision is needed.
Why are you still in office
#Democrat Sen. Bob #Menendez of #NJ indicted on 14 counts of #corruption. #Tatiana
Democrats are so crooked!
