Yes go back and use all the education and experience we have provided and help your country and ppl. We all win in long run.
Go move there yourself and win-win. THEY  serve in our military and are Americans
Do you count yourself one if you grew up here?
Are traitors like TRUMP and Kushner Americans when DACA serve in the military, create jobs and pay taxes?
TRUMP only cares about TRUMP and other billionaires, and is doing his best yo ripoff the rest of US as quickly as possible
@SenJohnMcCain Respectfully sir that's exactly what Trump & crew have been saying in act&deed
He doesn't want them to do that.  He disagrees with it.  The headline is misleading. He was being sarcastic when he said it.
Yes I understand McCains position & was pointing out how trump admin position differs
Ah, then I was the one who misunderstood.
Hey it's information overload these days 
I'm still shocked by the viciousness and lack of humanity in the far right. I'm a liberal and disagree with many of the senator's positions.
But this is a man who served with honor in Vietnam and spent over five years in a prison camp. He's dying from a particularly lethal cancer.
Dylan, put a bib on ur drueling again. Most dreamers never been to El Salvador. How can they go back to a place they never been? #stupid
Whenever you have traitor, John McCain, I always turn the channel. Does he boost your ratings? If so, I don't see how.
Why would a traitor be allowed to hold a govt office? They won't, so J.M. is no traitor. Stop listening to the liar trump
There are several Dem&Repub traitors holding offices. Repub traitors to their party & constituents are called RINOS.McCain is a RINO traitor
He's worked diligently towards his goals!
You just don't allow new transgender in. Follow the process. This is classified as a mental illness so do people with mental illness qualify
Sen. McCain: R U suggesting the US should continue to hire these (D.R.E.A.M.ers) and classify them as NON-CITIZEN "Mercinaries" - or WHAT?
Thanks Senator!  This is the right thing to do.  Now on #GrahamCassidy, you need to push for regular order & not vote for the bill.
El Salvadorans are protected under 
Orantes Vs Hernandez in ninth circuit.
They do not have to leave America.
Supreme Court ruled this.
Are you capable of acting in any that will earn a negative editorial from the  @nytimes?  What a f'n embarrassment you've become.
McCain is a man of principles
Maybe. A truly principled man would have come out against Trump long ago. He was as complicit as the rest of @SenateGOP
Yes, DACA is Unconstitutional.  DO YOUR JOB and follow the law. My wife and step children had to go thru 2 years of the citizenship process.
THESE PEOPLE ARE MENTALLY ILL!  YOU OBVIOUSLY DON'T TALK TO COMMANDERS OR THEY'RE TOO SCARED TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH! SICKENING
Some Republicans are human. Thank God for John McCain.
Yes!
Give Dreamers citizenship status after one full term with honorable discharge
El Salvadorans have laws to protect them under the Supreme Court ruling 
OrantesVSHernandez
Ninth circuit. 
Final.
I spent 20 years in the army and I didn't and still want anyone worry about who is in Fox hole with me.
My son's bunk mate became a US Citizen at the end of boot camp. We are lucky to have this smart, committed Marine serving our country.
Mr McCain, wise words. Thank you.
Yes Johnny, that's exactly what we are electing reps and Sens to do. You will be replaced. Maybe you can take your ass to El Salvador too
Hey #stupud we elect ppl to do the right thing. Not aim at destroying ppls lives. U go to El Salvador. U wont b missed. #reject
MCCAIN IS A LAWBREAKER...SO HE LOVES THOSE THAT BREAK THE LAW! HIS EGO CAUSED THE DEATH OF 137 SAILORS ON THE FORRESTALL! HE IS A TRAITOR!
Those DACA kids who serve honorably in the military should be allowed a fast track to citizenship. Others: provide a non citizen residency.
YES, It should be illegal to allow illegals to join our military, it should be illegal to hire illegals, #nopath #noamnesty #nodaca #nodapa
What would you say, you traitor?
Are you literally calling someone who was tortured for his country behind enemy lines a traitor?
That is exactly what trump supporters want. If you don't believe it, check the comments under his tweet asking if ppl really want to deport.
Exhibit one :)
MCCAIN...please go AWAY!
Do not allow any active transgenders to use VA for Transgender Surgery & they must pass the same psychical & Mental fitness as anyone else
We can't deport DREAMer servicemembers as that is likely to reduce the numbers in our armed forces by too much.
Why didn't you stand up years ago and preventing from happening in the first PLACE. Not POLITICALLY CORRECT, Senator? SAD Pariah
Life is unfair.  Look we have to put up with your nuttiness or is it idiocy???
John Traitor McCain supports anything and everything that harms the U.S. and Americans.
Really McCain?  Are you a Republican or Democrat? You need to get with the Republicans!
John McCain lost step with America a long ago. He's not a maverick he's a liability.
Yep



Yep. That's pretty much what they want to do.
I agree with @SenJohnMcCain Health care legislation Must be Bipartisan @chuckschumer @TheDemocrats @SenRandPauI @KarlRove @MikeLee
Yes McCain THats what we should say..  These so called DREAMERS have been in this country for like 20 years .Why didn't they become citizens
How bout passing a law that makes us citizenship mandatory for military service.
Also require that aplicants inlist under the sex as it appears on their birth certificate.
***We shouldnt have to pay for the treatments & surgeries of transgender military
I dont understand why they cant still serve even if those costs are not covered?
Oh so your a medical professional, I see.
He wheels the # of the beast
THEY CAN'T DEPLOY FOR 4-6 YRS B4/AFTER SURGERY! NONDEPLOYABLE! THAT IS NOT COMBAT READY!  NO ONE WANTS TO PAY FOR IT EITHER. .SAD~
John, instead of hitting the talk shows how about do the work Arizona's folks sent you to DC for- are you sponsoring a bill?
Your concern isn't for the military. Like liberals, you are emotion driven. Do we still have laws or do you just disregard 1s in your way?
How do transgenders improve combat readiness? 75% of applicants R turned away. Why accept group with 40% suicide rate? Would that improve?
Hell yes, stop lying to the good ppl of AZ
If service-members are not able too do their job's, meet the requirements; physically, an emotionally and psychologically. Don't belong.

Nope please senator sign the DREAM act....America is better then the dispicable ideals of the most deplorable among us.


Pleez. What a bunch of nonsense.
I still do not fully trust McCain to do the right thing for the American people.
between him and Graham / never know what the deal is / guess depends
How many DREAMers are buried in Arlington.
Too many
Honestly, I'd rather trump et al leave and let all our Dreamers stay!!!
I don't know he was pretty supportive of banning transgender military personnel just a couple of years ago.
Return of the #SwampCritter
I sure hope you run for president, Mr. McCain. Pa has your back.
@SenJohnMcCain how about supporting a wall to end this burden on the taxpayers? 8% of all kids born to illegals -dumped on us
Then he should get his ass to work and pass something that wil make DACA legal
Your taking away from Americans the same healthcare your privileged to have? Why are you better than anyone else you're stealing it from?
Sooo it is affecting his thinking?
What we say is, "Pack it up, you have to go back to AZ, retired."  American dreamers


That is exactly what the Russian lovin traitor in the WH is saying.
Simple answer, "yes"!
I'd like to say to McCain. Just go home
Not a bad idea for those who use training they get in our military to give to ms13. RETIRE Brutus
yes!  Exactly!  If we were in their countries ILLEGALLY do U think we would be welcomed to live off their system?
Liar.
Yes John that will do fine
Blessings to Senator McCain and his loved ones.
Why would u ever support illegals serving in our military? We have already kicked out several AMERICAN citizens due to budget cuts.
Yes
Heck yeah!
More in jail than the military. Of course the 900 in the military can stay but not the rest.Apply for citizenship like all legal immigrants.
That I can guarantee you!!
Yup
#AwanFamily
#DirtyUSAttorneyColumbia
#DirtyMcCabe
#DirtyFBI
#Server
#Computers
#Blackberrys
#CFCUAUDIT
#Congress
#Senate
#SPYRING
#DNCHACKED
or wherever they came from not legal don't belong  here.
Goddamned liar.
You are an embarrassment to all Arizonans.

Yes
You Sir are my HERO!
How do dreamers serve in our military? They are here illegally and have no green cards.
This mentality is what causes illegals to think we owe them something. Enforce the laws, deport illegals. I hope you step down soon traitor.
Only if that's their home
Yep they are here illegally and have to go

Yes mccain that's exactly what we say And I say to u pack up and go into retirement you have served long enough to distroy America
Ummm, yes.
Wish you would pack up, now, you RINO!
Yes, we need to spend OUR TAXPAYER $$ for General Mattis to conduct a study on transgender in the military b/c we have a fruitcake in the WH
Yes!
@SenJohnMcCain NO, ACA is failing because of @GOP racism forcing them to overturn everything related to @BarackObama. Stop blame shifting.
Obama did it all the time
Then why is @SenJohnMcCain supporting the Graham/Cassidy healthcare bill???

At the end of clip, McCain says ACA failed because it was jammed through with Democratic votes. Wants *Alexander-Murray* to come to floor. https://twitter.com/FaceTheNation/status/909435413366034432 …
Yes, and apply for citizenship like every other Legal Immigrant.
Yes that's exactly what we need to say and do. Stop being a .@TheDemocrats @SenJohnMcCain it's time for you to retire. #MAGA
Who gives a rats ass what you have to say traitor song bird!
Please retire John. #TermLimits
Dave, J.M. will retire after he accomplished his goal. Be patient. Amazing things are about to happen. #gogetemmccain
@JohnMcCain "dreamers" are 15-36 yrs old. Plenty of time to get citizenship! Here illegally, deport! No more of MY tax $ spent on them!

That's what the law currently says. You've been there for decades, so why haven't you changed it if it's so important to you?
Deport to all of them to Mexico and let Mexico sort them all out.
Yes
America is $20trillion in debt and the country is going to hell in a handbasket. And THIS is your priority.
Illegals should never have gotten into the military.
You are right, but they did. :(
He just ruined healthcare vote and stuck us with Obamacare failure. Every insurance company is leaving. No one gives a crap what he thinks!
Actually, there are no bare counties left in the US. Stop with the fake news
Thank you!
El Salvador is cool with the transgendered?
Very unlikely!:)
Yes!! Greatest thing you've said in a while!!   This is your legacy!
Dear John...Please provide a list of laws we can ignore and a list that we must follow. I don't want to get in trouble for breaking the law.
If they choose to fight for our country they belong here.
You're a bot!
I voted Republican and got McCain, it's just not fair.
I've stopped telling people i served under his command
I don't blame you
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain I did watch. Not a republican however you have my respect. #HERO

O wow
what would be wrong with saying that?
Hope his health is better
Yes!
No More Task Force Smith.   Look it up!
Come on John you know military service is a pathway to citizenship.  Trans and Dreamers are complete separate issues.
Carpenturgirl, not a separate issue at all. To say that is discrimination.
Obamacare did not fail @SenJohnMcCain.
The only people who are making Obamacare "fail" is the Republicans in the House, Senate, and the WH. You are lying to America sir!  Stop it
That's what I would tell vicious whites who support slavery: GET OUT!
Thank you senator.
if you broke the law - yes John
Yes and you should go back to Arizona
This is the man who was re-elected on a lie.
He told u what u wanted 2 hear. #TrumpChump #gullible #MAWA #bigot #WhiteNationalist
This is the cuck who lost to Obama.
