How about impact it will have on people that can't afford ridiculous premiums & aren't poor enough for subsidies??? This plan hurts everyone
Have always voted for you, respected you. Support of this bill will kill my support and I will have to vote against GOP next elections.
if u have any guts u won't support it. Stand up and negotiate bipartisan agreement. Enough politics
Lol at thought the maverick has political guts
After Trump said "he wasn't a hero"....McCain votes with him 100% of time.  Hey John, 4 deferments for bone spurs.  You were tortured.
McCain doesn't vote with POTUS 100%.
That's quasi true since 45 has exactly zero legislative accomplishments
Here's the only work you need to do. Vote No. Then work with the Democrats to improve ACA. What do you want for your legacy?
His legacy is that Trump whipped McCain into subservience.  Very Sad.
I WISH!
This AHA started on the wrong path. No one knows how much premiums to pay. It is beginning to look  like a Pelosi event.
My taxes subsidize 70% of government employees', the Congressman's and his staff's, healthcare insurance. (2)
Senator the only way u can "work to address concerns" is to "just say NO". There is no redeeming this bill for citizens of AZ. It is bad rx!
Nearly 1/2Million AZ residents will be left without HC if John McCain votes in favor of it. Americans, time to vote him out #hypocrite #vote
Who says?  CNN??
CBO
Just say no; it is horrible for the American citizen
Go ack to bed old man
you'll need to do more that that to fix this bill
Can you please take a look at pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps while you're at it?  Not liking the BCRA on this
The bill seems to have savage effects on states' Medicaid programs, does it not?
Sir, as an American I have a right to affordable inclusive healthcare, social security, Medicare and medications I can afford, period.
If the the ACA is repealed the number of childless adults who will lose coverage could be 400,000.  Lose of treatment could kill some!!!
Please work with Dems to fix the ACA. Thanks
CA voter here, insured thru #MedicaidExpansion, two sons w/ #preexistingconditions What abt #BRCA's impact on those outside AZ? #SaveOurCare
Where have you been past 7 years?
@IndivisibleofAZ Great! You said the bill will pass when pigs fly. We in AZ are looking overhead for a pig sh*t storm in case you vote YES.
You really are going to stand up for Medicaid?
I demand fair and equal healthcare for all our citizens not the wealthcare of the AHCA or BCRA. (3)
Think you already know the devastating impact in health care and the economy in AZ.  Est loss of 50k jobs!  #NoWall
you should be focused on people working who cannot afford Obamacare, not people who get FREE Medicaid, FREE benefits - what about us?
What exactly are you proposing about Medicaid?  45k vets use it in Arizona, as a retired vet and one of your constituents I'd like 2 know.
Medicaid has overreached and needs to have constraints on able bodied people
Last chance to stop single payor in America! 
We must work toward a modern World single payer healthcare or Medicare for all. (4)
Please just scrap the proposed House and Senate healthcare bills, and just repeal ObamaCare.
My tax dollars go for both the Senate and House in-house healthcare facilities. (1)
Repeal Obamacare! Only one expensive plan available to individuals in Maricopa County AZ  Take care of people who PAY for their insurance
Current bill is disastrous for Arizona.
So you're voting yes on the deathcare bill?  Or are you voting no? What is your stance exactly. You haven't made it clear.
By not supporting it John you'll be addressing the concerns for #AZ Medicaid. You have government healthcare. Why can't we?
#SinglePayer
Vote no!
ACA not perfect but works in many ways. Why not improve upon this rather than blind drive to repeal & replace w/cruel alternatives? 2/2
What if we address underlying reasons counties are left w/only 1 insurer in exchange rather than throw baby out w/bathwater? 1/2
We all know you're going to vote with the draft dodger who insulted your service.
Please build the wall
are you kidding me?   How can you even consider voting for this bill in good conscience?
Grow a pair and do the right thing...this bill will hurt everyone but the rich.
Just fix the insurance companies and the drug companies. That is the problem with healthcare. Leave the ACA and make it better.
Stop creating debt for US. Cut
Thanks! I'm 62 and I'm going to get "hammered" on GOP plan.
Please  consider Medicare birth to 65 yr with $10000 deductible, Medicaid as is, cancel ACA.  Big savings, better care.
Senator McCain with all due respect you don't give a crap about the healthcare bill.
Are you really? Come on...You know a crap bill when you see one. #VoteNoBCRA!!!!!
How about you also address including pre-existing conditions, covering routine services, and holding drug companies accountable. @JeffFlake
VOTE NO! Don't kill the poor Don't kill the elderly! Don't kill the disabled! John, I don't think you've ever been poor, but could you work?
#TaxBreaks for rich investors is wrong while our country is going deeper into debt
Will you seriously do that? What's more likely is you'll vote along  party lines.
Be a voice of reason and  provide viable healthcare for our citizens. Do not sacrifice the disabled, poor, and vulnerable for the rich.
GOP senior abuse: "64-year-old earning $56,800/yr would see annual premiums jump to $20,500." 2x my current rate w/ $14k+ deduct! Outraged!
as well as concerns it's a massive tax gift from Republicans to the rich at the expense of poor sick people, right? Right ...? *crickets*
Please remove pre-existing condition persecution. Please enable me to keep my daughter in my group corporate plan until she is 26. #voteNO
Maybe if you guys started focusing on HC costs instead of -I don't know- tax breaks?  You might make some progress
Here's a thought:  screw the negotiations based in self importance.  Catch up to the rest of the developed world.   #UniversalHealthCare
This is an awful plan & anyone with a conscience knows it. Do the right thing, kill this bill, and be the maverick we elected to stand up.

I thought you were a "Maverick?" You didnt crack as a POW but Trump can beat you down? Come on, John. Oppose this horrible bill!
Mr McCain vote no on trumpcare don't fall into corruption!!
if it was not for medicaid my parents who lost everything because of my dad's illness, would have passed much sooner
All this game-playing is about getting the big tax-cut for super-rich donor$.
Transparency, achieved.
We see right through you.
Please consider the impact on older Americans too.
Senator McCain - fight this inhumane bill! We count on you!
bullshit
While you are working on it can you address it to be fair for our country.
John, listen to us! The only work you need to do is Vote NO show some guts and work with the Democrats to improve ACA. Its the honorable way
yes.
You're incompetent
Why are y'all not just repealing and giving it back to the states . You're smart enough to know the Democratic need is different everywhere
I hope you will represent the state of Arizona and not your party in your decision making process. Kindness is courageous!
“The question whether thought has any meaning at all constitutes the same unanswerable riddle as the question for the meaning of life.”
.@SenJohnMcCain 800B cut. This will be disasterous for AZ. The only vote is a no vote #NoBCRA #NoAHCA #SaveMedicaid
The bill will harm children and families. As one of your constituents, I am offended that you would even consider it.
VOTE NO ON HEALTHCARE BILL! Arizonans need affordable care! GOP bill does not provide that! @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
You know i just want to say at this point we can say that a moderate republican is a myth haven't seen any evidence of it.
Why bother? You're ineffective.  Try retiring or resigning and let a true American represent Arizona.
Not sure where you stand on ACA repeal...I can't see how a principled man could support the proposed change.
Why do you even pretend you're contemplating voting against it? You're a puppet of the Republican party. #VoteNoAHCA
I want your healthcare plan. You should have some skin in the game. Don't strip us of our care.
y'all just used repeal and replace as campaign slogans. then it happened and y'all don't know what to do. MEAN MITCH leading is a loser
Just say NO!
Hopefully by "working to address concerns" you mean voting "no" on any bill that involves gutting it or resulting in millions losing care.
Just say No!  Like Trump says it is a Mean Bill!! Senators will have a Mean bill on there shoulders if passed.. good luck getting votes
Let VA bill Medicaid and Medicare.they bill outside ins for copays etc.
McCain please retire
McCain gets funding from George soros
All Doug Doucey has to do is ask for Medicaid expansion and the markets will thrive. Without individual mandate you have no insurance market
Good, but we also need 2 talk abt essential health benefits, coverage gaps, lifetime caps. How about a LIVE town hall w/o pre-screened Q's?
Hey John, what do you say about the Russian probe now? CRICKETS!
No stand on the bill. Now you say you are looking st what it will do? It will gut Medicaid and kill thousands in AZ. Need more info? GOPdog
if the bill has "NO" votes...then it has no impact on AZ Medicaid PEOPLE.

So there is your role- vote no IF it ever gets served up again
Please don't hurt THESE kids w Needless Caps!
Quit hiding behind your "concerns" and your party. Do a Townhall and LISTEN to your constituents.
I see you aren't taking a stand. Take healthcare away from millions to give the rich a huge tax cut-Are you voting for this? Really?
Are you sure you don't want to ask for $50b more in defense spending so you can "defend" citizens while neglecting their health?
Great.  But as an AZer I am also worried about my fellow Americans.  Let's figure out something that works for all. #ProtectOurCare
We will see how u vote after your wife got the ambassadorship under trump.
Vote no on ahca. It does an injustice to veterans on Medicaid
You do know there are 50 states to worry about, I hope you understand that being a civil servant, means you work for all of us, ok ?
Thank you!
THE POOR GET IT ALL FREE AND ANYONE WITH PROPERTY AND MONEY PAYS UNTIL THEY TOO ARE POOR
Coverage, or how about giving the wealthy a tax break while we all go bankrupt trying to pay for healthcare? It's about ALL of it!!!
What about all the Americans and Children that will lose their insurance? What about the middle class who will pay WAY MORE for their worse
This is robbing the poorest and giving billions of tax cuts to the richest. We're smart, you can't add sugar and force it down our throats!
and healthcare industry
The 2018 United States elections will be held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018
You need to join the resistance. He said he preferred soldiers that didn't get captured and you support him?
Address or lie Sen?
Medicaid cuts are a no go. but 4000 in tax credits are useless. pre-existing and older Americans need quality insurance that's AFFORDABLE
Since when do you give a Rip about your Arizona constituents. We hope that this doesn't single that you are even thinking of another run.
You'll vote yes no matter what.  We've seen this rerun out of you before.
We are dieing out here with Obamacare!  Fix it!  Now!
Impact is high... how many in nursing homes in AZ?  Vote NO.
Real maverick of you
U talk a big game but choke in the end. Vote no on deathcare!
Thank you
Thank you for what?
Sure you will....
PLZ reject this bill that will make life harder for your constituents so that the most well off get a tax cut. 
@JeffFlake
Please do and talk to Flake. He's stuck on the notion that he's got it right by hiding.
Would you have voted for it?  I think Arizona voters need to know.
You and your "concerns"
Single payer replacement would be cheaper. Take the profit out of health insurance.
And vets. Please.
Hon. Sir: As long as your party cares more about 1) tax cuts for rich folk, & 2) thumbing Obama in the eye; no good plan will come out.
Flakes father passed yesterday. Wonder if that will encourage him to feel empathy towards those with aging parents w/o Medicaid
Concerns???  I would say cutting Medicaid by $800b is a bit more than a concern. At least it is to Vets, Poor, Disabled & Elderly. VOTE NO!!
Please do
I call/email/tweet all of em often. AZ pays the most for ACA. Why can't these fools make it cost effective for us? Make ACA better!
Healthcare is not a negotiation. It's a right. Either fix ACA or choose single- payer but Repub. bill is a death knell for too many people.
And seniors, and children, and pre-existing conditions, and pharmaceuticals, and insurance company increases & fed govt not paying subsidies
And when those concerns are not adequately addressed, will you vote no?  The people of AZ need you to fight for them!
Mr McCain say no to anything with a Medicaid cap.
Leave Medicaid ALONE VOTE NO on AHCA.
Help us Obi Wan McCain.  You are our only hope.
if you read the bill it increases Medicaid 20% over the next decade , so stop helping the Dem's .
Hope is better than your concern over veterans in VA who died
2) My family gets sicker while we work & pay taxes because ACA unaffordable. If on Medicaid healthcare free! WRONG!
1) Repeal ACA now. It's robbed my family of healthcare. $24K annually before any benefits is NOT ins. It's legalized robbery!
Yeah, whatever. You also seem to be on the "I'm Winning" boat, no matter the cost to the people. Disgusting. Stand up for AZ, not the GOP.
#VoteNoAHCA
Vote yes, ACA is a tax on working people, and is not affordable. Premiums, deductibles and copays too high. People can not afford ACA.
Town Hall Meeting?  Or would you prefer to just come over to the house and chat?
Please don't vote to take away my mother's healthcare in Arizona. We like having her around.
You'll do nothing as usual. Could not be more disappointed in you
Serious question. What has been negotiated? Who was involved in said negotiations?
Vote No! Do the right thing for once
John How can USA call itself the greatest nation on earth when it's the worst free nation on the planet regarding Healthcare of it's people?
This is NOT a better health care bill--there is no care in it. Unless you can retain Medicaid expansion & get more ins cos in xchg, vote no
Let's get good balance between fiscal responsibility and coverage for needy
Please vote against it.  People are so much more important than *any* political party.
How bout addressing how it will affect the rest of us!
Support Trump
You should be encouraging non-partisan negotiations for the best care for all US citizens, not just AZ. Single payer is way to go.
Thank you Senator for your leadership and levelheaded view. #HealthcareBill
As sm biz owner in ny, aca has helped. I now get better plan for less $. Its not perfect, but don't throw  out with bath..help, don't hurt
Don't act like you care. If you cared you would vote no. As one of your constituents I am disgusted by your greed and lack of humanity.
@SenJohnMcCain YOU NEED TO VOTE NO!!! It's pretty simple.
Whatever John.
Try crossing the line and saying NO. Then actually get together with Dems and talk!
You need to scrap the abomination that is BCRA  and work with Dems for affordable healthcare for all and no tax break for the richest 1%.
You're a hero, Senator, but you're failing us in our hour of greatest need.
Enough Arizonans use it that the impact of cutting will devastate vets, poor, rural Zonies, close hospitals, increase deaths. #VoteNo
LIAR
Why are you still investigating one healthcare bill, but you say another healthcare bill is bad?
How bout Veterans?
John, we all know that's a lie.  You will vote it in, regardless of how many of your constituents DIE.
#repeal it!
Oh I'm sure you will after taking your orders from Soros
Term limits. Please retire now.
You can stop pretending to care. We get that you are not going to save a single person. How's the wife's new State Department job?
Shame on u
You will vote yes on anything mcconnell gives you
The impact Is Simple.. Arizonans will Loose! Mental Health, addiction, maternity, seniors, children... Just like the rest of the country
Do your job and work with Democrats to fix the ACA. And tell Jeff to do the same.
The democrats gave us this debacle moron!  They could care less what is happening!  Sad part is that the republicans don't seem to care!
The negotiations are only going on in 1/2 of the Senate, representing 1/2 or even less of America - it's time to stop the partisan BS
Why is it so hard for you to say no to this atrocious bill.. your constituents are telling you to say no & you couldn't publicly commit
