If you are looking to the WH for strategy, then you would be quite mistaken. Not gonna happen.
What we need is to pull our government out of the 1950's and into the 21st Century.  We created the very technology the was used to hack us.
Lol that meens nothing. Imagine 1962 "you can't threaten us with nukes! We invented nukes!" 
Also was no hack dnc staffer leaked emails.
Interesting.  I haven't found any info on that.  Can you provide a source?
Look into #SethRich the left and Hillary Clinton worked hard to cover it up.
Unfortunately source was murdered #SethRich (now referred to as "The Russians")
Again.  Where's the proof?  If you have it I honestly want to see it.
Gucifer named Seth rich as his leaker... In regards to Russian hacking: Where's the proof, if you have it I like to see it.
Forget the WH. They're up to their ears in trying to hide Russiagate. You & other sane Congress folks (those with nothing to hide) organize
Yeah, you can join the resistance, or maybe get a safe space at a university where segregation is now trying to become the norm.
Finally, someone who gets it. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain we need ur leadership & stewardship to get thru the smoke & mirrors  
coming from WH.
And if only we could rid the airwaves of the major propaganda hitting USA.  It's treasonous.
We also need a WH that does not collide with the hackers.
Actually Hillary needed an IT guy that could spot an grade school hack.
I get it. U don't like trump, u r hurting everyday Americans with ur constant attacks. You have done nothing over the last 7 years, retire
Is that an actual screenshot?? If so, are you EFFING KIDDING ME?????  Wow. Maybe everyone else only WANTED one.  Geezus.
Always good to see a fellow New Yorker!
Your wife Lindsey Graham is cheating on you. Just aren't fulfilling his needs.
So where have you been these past 20 years. Quit talking about it and get something done
why don't you retire already ? How much money is enough ?
Maybe let's start with a real investigation into how we've already been infiltrated and the results of that.  Whaddayasay?
INvestigation into the success of the liberal media propaganda.
I see you now have more liberal followers than not.  Is that your goal?
I long for the days when we had a legitimate President!
Tillerson puts RINO @SenJohnMcCain in his place! http://m.washingtontimes.com/ 
Jeff Sessions or trump should have no involvement in hiring or firing of FBI Director, they are both being investigated, Sessions=purjury
Mostly they need resources. The presidential order referenced many things that should be done already but aren't due to slashing budgets
Hmmm… right about now,  you should be thinking "I TOLD YOU SO!"  Love ya JMC!!
Get your presidential agenda done! I hope you want that agenda That is what voting middle class wants! Fight crazy Left lies. Or lose!
Obama failure.  Should have been fixed When IRS was hacked in his first term.
New FBI director will investigate why you were involved in this fake dossier
-YES, and what are you doing about that, John?
@SenJohnMcCain you failed in your bid for #Potus! You're a #HasBeen! Retire!!
you need to intervene trump is trying to destroy America and you know it charge and impeach this commie moron
You need to stop Trump or be quiet
Seems like we need a strategy to oust DT, for the sake of our country. #DoSomething
support our President, fix Healthcare(Ocare sucks) cut taxes and build the WALL!  No excuses!!  Especially lame dem obstruction!
I don't see you standing up for America anymore.  Even so I am a Democrat, I have always seen you and fare and just.  No More.Trump muse go!
@JeffFlake remember Richardson, Ruckelshaus, and Cox had all made a choice of principle over position
Start charging @Microsoft with assesory to the crimes and they'll fix their horror show quickly.
Sir please stop the mad man. Stop his executives orders, nominations etc. Stop the destroyer of this beautiful country. We are not Russia.
As one of the few statesmen left, what are you waiting for?
Well you need to assess before you can have strategy. Dahhhhhhh
80+ year old people have zero understanding of cyber security. Time to retire. I say this as someone from AZ who's forced to vote for you.
Yes we do but can't understand how you condone Lavrov and Kislyak in the Oval Office, rubbing our noses in it. Stand up!
That's kinda what you did  in Iraq Syria Egypt Libya & Afghanistan. I like @POTUS approach of assess first so strategy is knowledge based.
You have been called a hero, for your service in the Military, you certainly were. As a senator, you are a coward.
Dear Senator,  now is the time for loyal Americans to step up and save our Democracy. Republicans must step up.
SOS SOS! The PTOUS is losing his mind, please stand up and get this batshit crazy man out of office!
Can you start by investigating and impeaching the idiot criminal who is only in office because of Russian interference?  #complicit
We NEED a brave man to stand up to the madman in the WH!!! PLEASE be that man!! Help us!!!
WATERGATE
Disloyal Senators are the problem #Drain the Swamp!
We also do not need a network controlled by the White House, John.
We need Trey Gowdy to head the FBI-he will be brutally FAIR and that is what FBI should be.
Same issues we have in healthcare: more/more "big data" without a clue how 2 utilize/implement that data for improved outcomes. Aaauurrrggg!
No one really cares what U think anymore. It's time 2 retire from politics, we need a GOP that will not take it anymore!
Before anything else, we need an extensive investigation on DT ties with Russia. 
Have you ever seen a cover-up with no underline crime?
When will GOP get serious about OBVIOUS Demented Nutcase in W H--- god help us
When are you going to put country before party? Trump is clearly unhinged. You're complicit if you don't act.
Sir, are you listening to the madman in charge?
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
Now that @POTUS has admitted to crushing the @FBI investigation on Russian hacking will you stand up Senator?
The president just threatened the FBI director publicly on twitter. Can we have an independent investigation into Russia now?
THIS EO are a JOKE! This CHILD is destroying USA right before your eyes and no one is doing anything about it!

How long do we let this president disgrace our country and taint democracy?
What's Trump doing? What's our gov doing? Laughing with Russians while they bug our oval office?
i hoped by now u would regain ur courage to end the trump presidency but at last uv lost ur guts to bad for the world we'll remember this
We NEED a special prosecutor to investigate Russian ties to Trump. If you don't DEMAND it, then you don't give a DAMN about DEMOCRACY!
Yeah?  LIKE remove t-rump?  Remember  "country first" and all that?
Do you really think those that make anti virus software are going to allow the Fed gov get into protection of everyone it would kill them!
you president is sounding more unstable each day threats to comey press everyo0ne it has to stop american values world standing etc at risk
would be good to get someone outside of politics to investage trump russia hacking etc so we can protect ourselves
IT IS NOT AMGIGUOUS: OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. ARE YOU REPUBLICAN OR AMERICAN????
IT IS NOT AMGIGUOUS: OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. ARE YOU REPUBLICAN OR AMERICAN???
IT IS NOT AMGIGUOUS: OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. ARE YOU REPUBLICAN OR AMERICAN??
IT IS NOT AMGIGUOUS: OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. ARE YOU REPUBLICAN OR AMERICAN?
Prosecute Trump's witness intimidation and threat against Comey!!!!
Gee you just can't shut up, where were U when Obama was doing harm to this country, silent John!
When will the GOP put their country above their country?POTUS threatened FBI director today, and freedom press!
Clean up your own house first.
@SenJohnMcCain “The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing."
Before the situation passes from disaster to catastrophe you gotta jerk him outta the @WhiteHouse #StopThePunk
We need to get rid of traitor president who threatened Comey on Twitter! Do your job!!!!
Time for @GOP to act & #ImpeachTrump a direct threat proof of #obstructionofjustice #treason Act Now before it's too late
WEL NEED TO IMPEACH JEFF SESSIONS RIGHT NOW. AMERICANS KNOW HE IS A ROTTEN APPLE. WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT?
You need to stand up to Trump This is about being an AMERICAN!
Enough is enough, get that lunatic out of the Oval Office!
Sir,this is the intel.of the USA Mr. Trump is doubting on twitter. How can Congress allow this for even 1 more day?
This maniac needs to be stopped.. does he have secret tapes that he is threatening Comey with?
and we need you to retire 
#IndependentInvestigation #impeachTrumpnow
We have one, it's in Georgia. Please announce you are a Dem and get it over with. You are part of the problem.
More democrate than Chuck Shumer!!!! Nacy Pelosi is his side hooker aka poopey butt Pelosi and diaper bag Mcain.
Your Russian is showing
It's time for you to go to the woods with Hillary and try to have that baby you two always secretly wanted..
We need you to assist and impeach Trump.
I think your diaper may be full John..Maybe you can call your boss Hillary I'm sure she could get you a pack delivered!
Have u been indicted yet?
Why are you AFRAID of reading before EMOTIONALLY acting without facts?  Haven't you learn your lessons from IRAQ and the Bush Adminstration
We need YOU 2 take control and make sure an independent Prosecutor is appointed/Trump is living in an alternate universe/He is dangerous!
We need a strategy to stop Trump, Russia & the GOP traitors from taking over our country for their own benefit. Be a true Patriot McCain
We need @SenJohnMcCain, the patriot and the war hero, to once again fight and defend our republic. Please come back.
You sir are selling your constituents interests to advance your own if you are not part of solution you are the problem bitterness shows
Id be happy AF if U all could stop those annoying nuisance phone scammers on my landline IF WE CAN PUT  MAN ON THE MOON  etc Please! THX!
We need an independent investigation -where are you in this issue as demanded  at town hall mtgs all over the country!
Traitor
i don't know what russians have made you during this war, but it can't justify to push for a 3rd world war.
remember the last minute gived by the journalist, the words you said, the thoughts you had for your family before trying to press for war
Not much point in cyber security when the guy you follow blindly is destroying your republic. Focus on the important stuff.
Fire all the NAZI, BIGOTS & WHITE GOOSESTEPPING SUPREMACISTS.  WE ARE BETTER THAN WHAT THESE CLOWNS BELIEVE..
DUMP Trump!!!
And I would guess some updated equipment which congress won't appropriate any money for.
Are you in the Senate just to be a thorn in the Presidents side? Why dont you just offer up positive solutions without criticizing him?!
We need a WH and @POTUS not in bed with Russia. Independent investigation now! Do your job! #TrumpRussianInvestigation
Israeli military intelligence says the Russian aggression against USA is serious and encompasses many politicians.
We need impeachment articles to be drafted.  Lets get moving!!
The threat is in the White House. Who cares about cyber threats right now
We need an independent investigation into Trump & Russia.  Why are Republicans covering for Trump @SenateMajLdr @JeffFlake @bluedognot
And we need you to retire.
What we need is your sorry but to start working as a Republican Sen from AZ. Not a Democrat in Republican clothing. Shame on you!!
Sen. McCain, if you are Not going to be part of the Solution to America's problems, Then you are simply part of the PROBLEM.
independent investigator for Trump-Russia now senator, advice from a constituent.
McCain, If I didn't know better, I would think that you were a Double agent, attempting to DESTROY The United States.
We need Republicans willing to put America before party and do something about Russia and Trump.
Russian coup should have been a wake up call for the rest of the feckless GOP
Senator, Save our Democracy! Trump is a loose cannon!
YOU'RE THE MOST DISGRACED VETERAN! A MESSAGE FROM THREE MILLION VET'S. 
YOU'RE NOT A HERO! YOU'RE  A TRAITER WHO HID.
What we need is your help impeaching agent Orange. I know ur more reasonable & a True American. And I thank you. Now pls help!!! #madmaninWH
You are our only hope!  Please back a special prosecutor. I fear my grandchildren will live in an autocratic USA.  Country before party-
Sir with all due respect at this moment in time the man sitting in The Oval Office is the threat we must focus on....Please lead us.
Can you be at all positive. At all?  Your starting to be an embarrassment. What's the point of you being a republican
@POTUS @MeghanMcCain
#McCain, if you can figure out how to turn #cybersecurity strategy into a photo op, you might get #tRump's attention. #DrainTheWhitehouse
Support special commission already John! Be on the right side of history when trump is impeached USA 
We need an independent investigation. You are moving too slowly on this.
never as long as Trump is president.He will  appoint an FBI agent that will kill the investigation.I don't recognize our country anymore.
Just what do you think Trump and his team did?  This Russia thing doesn't even qualify as a witch hunt! He won, PERIOD!
Where are the patriots in your party? Who is standing up for America? Where is your voice?
Assessment should flow from strategy and risk assessment
We need you to resign. You couldn't find your way out of an open paper bag lying on its side.
#traitor #globalist
How about starting with removing the product of one of that attacks from WH??!!
Trump just admitted to obstruction of justice and this is what you're concerned about?
We need you to put your country  before your party and save the #Republic at some point you are either for Justice or for the traitor .
I agree! That won't be coming from the WH.  Can the Senate do something about this & also protect us from Russia in our elections in 2018?
Mr. McCain you are one of the sane people in the Senate. DJT has violated his oath the uphold the constitution, please start impeachment
@kupajo322 Would be nice but all our resources are busy investing Trump. You Sir don't give a rat's a$$ about we the People.
Are you doing everything in your power to protect US from MadMan potus? Or is all hope lost?
You need to retire
RUSSIA.
Sen McCain you are the Man of Great Wisdom ! Please explain this to your Senate colleagues!!
We need impeachment before this POTUS destroys this country or hands it over to Russia.
Let's handle it like nuclear weapons. Each side will have only so many computers to hack with? Sound like a plan?
With absolute respect, @POTUS isn't well. He's demonstrated himself 2 b nat. security risk. His behavior's erratic & lacks thought. @GOP @VP
We need an independent investigator into Russia!  We need the GOP to stop being a group of obstructionist!
Calling all GOPers.  It's time to scatter or come home.  The NYC District Court is coming at you with RICO charges.  Best wishes.
And we need an impeached president here too while you are at it
Don't need sevonguessing arm chair quarterback either
How do you have a strategy if you don't have the data on what is happening and what is available with additional recommendations?
What are you doing about TRUMP? and OUR COUNTRY?
Not if Trump wants Putin's help in the next election.
But not border security. #RINO how's Pelosi?
I am w u but u won't get support from the "it could b russia, it could b china, it could be a fat man..." potus gaslighting
We need a special prosecutor.
