Can you ask them why they won’t play ball for SR347 expansion?  Too many people die in that rd each year. #maricopaaz
Retire
I guess most of the republican senators and representatives should retire to then right.
Lot of liberal democrat supporters on this feed, asking for your RINO help against our president.  You suck, I can't stand looking at you.
Your a good man McCain I'm glad to see you stick to your Morales and ideals and not be corrupted by Trump
Is the entire office decorated in Maverick
One gift after another huh cancerous one
Name DJT the NAZI that he is. Begin the REMOVAL process TODAY
Name DJT as the Great POTUS he is.  Begin the REELECTION campaign TODAY!   ...seriously he's going no where
Thank you supporting the Rio Salada Project and its economic and environmental success especially while undergoing chemo is impressive
WOWO>>TALK ABOUT DEM-UGLY??
No more development
How are you doing rewriting the healthcare plan that you voted NO?
I'm sure that Lindsey will like seeing that on you.......

You need to retire, go away, keep quiet and never be heard from.
You're disrespect of a man who protected us and gave so much is shameful!!! Trump has not!!!!  You have NOT!  Go away!!!
Your*
Nice, but the head of your party has gone off the rails. Are you going to do anything? Or just hope he implodes w/o causing too much damage?
There is really nothing he can do. Call your Representative. The House must act first.
I want him to apologize for ever supporting a bigoted insane racist lunatic in the name of party unity
YOU WILL LOOK PRETTY WITH IT.

Just retire already!!!!!
Oh you can take gifts; could that be considered pay to play or a bribe?
How much money are they going to paid you Johnny
Together! I say! 10.
McCain, both you and Flake have let the conservative base in Arizona down and neither of you deserve to represent the people any longer.
McCain, Trump proves every day he's in office why he's President and you aren't, your totally irrelevant at this point in your career Resign
McCain, spend less time criticizing Trump on the liberal media while he's doing what you should be doing, it's obvious your jealous! Resign
McCain, should have done something about the F35 being over budget and behind schedule, Trump did in 6 months what you couldn't do!  Resign
McCain after all your years in, Congress, what did you actually do for the VETs beside talk, Trump actually things in only 6 months! Resign

McCain, surprised you didn't take your friend the fake pocahontas, Elizabeth Warren to your meeting, two idiots! Resign now
I'm sorry it's over. Go to ucsf dr Berger.  Realistic you had a beautiful life.  Thank you for being my hero.  SemperFi.
#SaveOakFlat
How was this meeting?????????
McCandyCain has so many faces, it's hard to keep up.  @realDonaldTrump
They have more heart, bravery and honor than you, coward.


What will it take for you to meet with this Vet concerning VA issues? You meet with everyone else except for my request. Hum Makes me think!
Con Job McCain, you must not be a good photo op for him! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
The President is siding with neo-Nazis. You might want to clear your schedule.
Unreal Crazy SHEEPLE! That would be you HEY!
I thought you died
Continued prayers lifted up for a wonderful senator and leader.

Dishonorable and failed wars is your legacy Johnny boy
Are you going yo hang that with your Nazi SS medals?
Thank you for for giving me hope, something our President cannot.

RINO
Should be a noose for traitor
Mr McCain, please fight this horrible president. We need strong leaders like you to fight for avg Americans. Leave a legacy of good!!
Repeal Obamacare. Tax cuts. Get to work!
Con Job WORK, that is a good one1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Respect for you but you failed the American people
Noticed pictures on the wall, ego!
@AC360 @ussenate @SenateDems @SenDeanHeller @RepCummings @SenateGOP @USCongress @RepAdamSchiff Prosecute Traitors @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
go back home trader
Great to see you so healthy, you are tough! :)
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Going to report on taxes or cheat
I hope you will meditate while wearing or holding the necklace.  A beautiful gift!
Are you holding any public appearances this break? Your website doesn't say and your office declines to say as well
Got a suggestion RINO Ryan what you could do with your tie.  TERM LIMITS
Traitor. Retire, bitter old man.
Nice you have time for this when there are Obamacare , tax reform etc still pending.
Take him another 8 years to think about those things and there will still be NOTHING but SOUND BITES, DOUBLE SPEAK! Oh and SCREW AMERICANS!
Cute photo opp after failing America on healthcare reform
You are out of your mind!!!  You clearly are uninformed!
Senator, you are remarkable as you spend time with constituents in between treatments. Blessings to you always.
Obstructionist.
At least somebody likes you john
Glad your enjoying yourself while the citizen of Arizona are seeing 150% increase in their Healthcare drowning in bills they can't afford
Senator McCain I see you're quite busy doing all kinds of things, but not taking care of the Americans who are suffering under Obamacare,WHY
What's wrong Senator, have you gone back on your meds? No rant about POTUS. RETIRE already. Still got your whacko bird out of state trolls.

McCain your a waste of space, we have a constitution for a reason and as a military Vet I fought for all Americans to have a right to speak
Thanks. Now help the Navajo at Four Corners. There are a number of Marines there. Remember their sacrifices in the Pacific in WWII.
Your daily photo opp
maybe you should hock it to pay off your gambling debt
Looking good McCain, hope you are  feeling good, as well!
Looks like there was a miracle cure!!!! Or a ruse. I say ruse.. Nice one Obstructionist
What do you clowns  think you're going to get for kissing his A--
I hope he just traded Arizona back for a beaded necklace. Good deal.
You should be fixing healthcare not accepting gifts!
Are you aware he's home taking chemo therapy?
Mr. McCain, it is against senate rules to accept gifts!!  have you asked for a waiver?
don't sell off Arizona lands to foreign companies please
How great was this meeting senator your friends at the Ukrainian Nazi hate group

How's that great health insurance you have???

Boy this oughta be good based on his actions in Washington
Mr McCain, when did our elected officials agree to hand over OUR LANDS for$$?When did you All decide to back a fool as USA Prez? DidUgiveup?

https://twitter.com/stockmonsterusa/status/897743362769342464 … 
Meanwhile, back in 1999 Trump is honored for a lifetime of helping African American Communities

#WednesdayWisdom …
If Trump comes to AZ on the 21st will you stand with us in unity to demand he step down? Our country must unite against hatred!
Is there anything we can do to stop Trump from coming 2 Arizona 2 rally for his 2020campaign
That's a beautiful necklace, as Southwestern jewelry and art are so unique. You are looking well, all the best.
Wipe the McCain BROWN off your NOSE Hannah! 1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …

Get rid of 45 !!!!!!
Snowflake SHEEPLE, GET REAL! 1st. STOP the HATE! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Mr. McCain. Thank you for being a moral leader.  And standing up to DJT
That's nice, Senator, now let's get 45 the hell out of office please.
Too late. He is our president.
No., it's not too late.
RETIRE!
These are the people you're trading? ' 'You should be ashamed!" No disrespect to the Gila Indian community. 
He already stole enough of their Casino money but what does Sovereign mean to him! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
#FracturedGOP #SoreLoser You've have used your. Age, your outstanding service record to justify your bad behavior in back stabbing #GOP
Do you think he should have voted yes on a bad health care bill?
Do you even know what was written in it? WAKE UP!

Please stop the impending civil war. The President deserves to be slapped down by a true hero and patriot as yourself. Respect.
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
That's really cool. Please can we now get rid of the Nazi in the White House?

Be well Senator McCain.
Your looking well existing for Health, the same energetic as for your continued, ongoing ; Senator's work. GOD w/you Sen.John McCain,TRUTH
2/2  Armed Services Committee  (Chair) on this  dedicated Military; #NationalAirborneDay
SEN. YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO THIS COUNTRY. YOU WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY BEING SUCH. CHILDREN WILL COME TO KNOW YOUR TREASON & ANTI AMERICAN WAYS
In times of need, great men step up.  #DoSomethingGOP
Please don't go to Trumps rally.
Native Americans......the only original citizens of this land.
*were*
Hypocrite he is there to take advantages of the Community for his personal use for a later on
Senator McCain, you are a credit to your profession. You spend time with your constituents and hear their voice. #publicservant
You gonna vote to censure Trump?  Hope so!!
https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
looking great, Senator!
Wipe that McCain BROWN off your NOSE!1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
I am your big fan then him
Wonderful and hope that you are feeling well, all the best sir.
Please don't do too much..you need to rest!
Sending positive thoughts thru the tweeter line,
  take care.
This is @SenJohnMcCain meeting with ISIS leader #albaghdadi he meets all kinds of terrorists! #AntiAmerican
And your @POTUS is a racist white supremacist who thinks those men next to you do not belong in America denounce @realDonaldTrump by name!
You can call him "SUPER-HERO" -- John McCain.
Murders in Chicago and Baltimore today. Trump did it. useful IDDIOT
Yay you get another gift, meanwhile we still get Obamacare #thanksjohn
go away!
very nice...
What are they DOING with you?!! Don't they know who/what you are? We need to inform them, lest you betray them as well as the rest of us!
Wipe that McCain BROWN from your NOSE! 1st https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
Traitor with a necklace. Rich. What happened to the cancer? Did they cure you while letting others die? I wouldn't be surprised
Looks like a healing necklace 
Are you going to see movie Wind River? Recommend every leader does.
Yet another bribe?
@SenWarren set this meeting up for you? Heard she has connections.

John McCain
Agent of Antifa
#RecallMcCain

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 



Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Which party a you a member of?

Crazy Ron!1st

WATCH: Full remarks from Susan Bro, mother of Charlottesville car attack victim Heather Heyer  

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Arbeit macht frei

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Retire !!!!


