Really, so where is the REPEAL/REPLACE MIRACLE! Oh, only for McCain not America! 1st
Love this! Stay strong senator! We are praying for you!
Stay strong for what to screw Americans AGAIN?1st
I'm not part of Cult 45. He's a human being and he's battling cancer. All life is precious. Peace be with you.
Shame on Sen. McCain. Not attending  President Trumps rally. Very disappointing and should be voted out
& that? Latte? Tea?
@USNavy Disgrace for Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain to be wearing #Navy hat betraying #USSLiberty for Israel:
Israel 1st traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted for betraying #USSLiberty on #MemorialDay in #SanDiego: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #Navy
/ @AmericanLegion calls on #Congress to investigate #Israel attack on #USSLiberty: http://usslibertyveterans.org/files/USS%20Liberty%20Reaolution%20Passed%20by%20AL.mp4 … #Navy #SOT
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain refuses to investigate #USSLiberty attack: http://www.military.com/daily-news/2013/06/07/liberty-survivors-invoke-benghazi.html … #Navy #USNavy #Veterans
Treason John committed Treason for money and that rapist Bill Clinton
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
So glad John McCain, a real patriot, is enjoying the summer. Go McCain.
Real, you are a SHEEPLE!1st
No one even understand this hilarious tweet!
.@realDonaldTrump Every inbred liberal such as these pictured are 'family' in some way; they all lie cheat steal and then sell us out. ZERO
Tell it!1st
Didn't know @JoeLieberman was family! Well, get well soon sir I pray for your speedy recovery by the grace of God.
Pray for ALL Americans he has crewed over/KILLED!1st
Do you ever work it doesn't appear so
Love that you included the dogs in the pic :)
Here are some of your other friends.
are you the woman from the town hall during the 2008 campaign that accused Obama of being an "arab", that McCain had to set straight?
Nope wasn't there.
you sound like her..basically just spouting stuff you heard from FOX, Hannity, Gingrich, Alex Jones, Limbaugh, Ann Coulter and other wackos
Sorry dude I think for myself unlike your kind that are brainwashed and buttf'ed by the alt-left alphabet news.
Every hear of Fox News?  Or State TV as it's also known? The king of Propaganda TV
You sound like PROPAGANDA, actually research anything beyond your own BROWN NOSE! 1st
Good high school comeback.  You can get off Twitter now. The adults will handle it
SENATOR A NICE GROUP OF PEOPLE I'M SURE WITH HIGH MORALS STATURE!
Just like HIM!1st
We love you in Kentucky, Sir!!!!! Enjoy your family and thank you for your many years of service to our country!
#boycottStarbucks!!!
Nothing beats family!  Hope you enjoyed every second.
I bet there so proud of the traitor you have become
@SenJohnMcCain YOU are a lucky man! I wish I could do that! I love my gigantic family! I wish we could do that! Good  luck  sir!
Enjoy summer with friends and family and dogs.  That is what I am trying to do.  Hope the best for you.
Thanks for voting to keep Obamacare and screwing over the American people and the @GOP. Enjoy your fully paid healthcare at our expense.
I wouldn't have pictured him to be a butterfly-kind-of guy. #ClimateChange
Start thinking of the people pass health Care
McCain thought of the people when he voted against the POS bill the GOP tried to ram thru the Senate.. pay attention
Ryan did say bring it to the house and they would get it to the committee if you were watching The True News Fox channel you would know that
McCain and other Senators not convinced the House committee would improve the bill. they know more than you and Fox Comedy Channel.
See this is what I mean you must be Democrat because all you know how to do is insult you can't have a decent conversation
Tune into FOX.Listen to Trump daily. Listen to Trump on the campaign. Listen to Trump staff degrade insult media. .serious insulting there
Don't care abou you after you betrayed American people suffering with ObamaCare! Hope you don't return to Washington...EVER!
That is all he has ever done is betray Americans!1st
Praying for you Senator.  Enjoy your family!
Pray for America and Americans that he has GOTTEN RICH off of and screwed OVER time and TIME AGAIN!1st
Be a man, condemn Islam
He should condem himself and FRIENDS!1st
A Vizsla! Always knew I liked you for a reason!!!
Great reason Rob!1st Know your dogs just not the HUMAN KIND!
Hope your treatments are going well. Thank you for your NO vote. #StayStrong
Yes, thanks TRAITOR McCain!1st
I can't believe you don't stand behind our president what a joke you are some hero you are you are not a republican join the Dems
Every day is a fact of that. He only thinks of HIMSELF!1st
Oh boy another snowflake
Love that u include the dogs in family pics. Unlike a fellow Republican that puts his on top of car
This is a serious allegation. If true, it might be time to repent!!!  Right your wrong. #GodOnlyKnows
They should know we know and I hope our Potus grants Julian Assange a pardon so we can get the whole truth http://yournewswire.com/wikileaks-clinton-bribed-6-republicans/ …
Song Bird McCain!1st
That is all he ever has promoted is CRAP!1st
Nice to see you standing center stage Johnny...oh wait...even Mickey would choose the people's will over politics...enjoy your healthcare...
YES, Traitor Song Bird CRAPS on Americans again!1st
So glad you have time for a vacation, WHERE is Soros in the pic, did he fund it? all you do is vacation..so vacate your seat, you RINO putz

Best pic on Twitter this weekend!  Love to you and your family Sen. McCain!
Get paid for that!1st
Thank you for your service.  You are a shining example of a great American patriot.
Here is his example, WAKE UP!1st
Great family and puppers! You look so good, sending healing thoughts!
Send that love to everyone he has hurt or families that he has KILLED someone from Kandy!1st
I'm surprised no one from the Erwin or Price line to see
I'd be ashamed to have a family like that being lied  to when you should just changed your affiliation to DEMOCRAT LIBERAL.SongBird McCain!
Right ON!1st
I wish him well but he needs to retire and let the Governor there appoint a new guy or gal.
HEY WHAT'S A JEW DOING IN DA MASON-FAMILY?? JOE ON LEFT?
Love all the dogs in pic
God bless you and your family Senator.  Your graciousness in politics is wonderful. Your sense of humor is right up there too.  Cheers!
Lovely family photo in #Arizona
You have always represented with class, strength, and honesty. A true America patriot who I don't always agree with, but always respect.
Your not real RIGHT!1st
Namaste @SenJohnMcCain
Drain the swamp! #MAGA
Happy Eclipse Weekend!
Eclipse would be what McCain has been doing to Americans his entire CAREER! 1st
Congratulations to you for having such a great family.
Most of U.S. do now only if he cared about ours in the same LIGHT!1st
I knew Doug, Andy and Sidney here in Orange Park. Beautiful family!

Please make sure you rest chemo is tough stuff
Yes REST! 1st
Thanks again for sabotaging GOP & ACA repeal.
Along with all Americans1st
What's it like to support terrorists?
It's been 25 days since news broke about #AltLeft militias training for terrorism. Not a peep from MSM, @splcenter or @ADL_National . Why? 
Have fun. Most of the country is worrying where they r going to get there health care
Stay there.
Maybe go even FARTHER AWAY!1st
Such nonsense.  You've betrayed the country, as always.  @MeghanMcCain  @TeamMcCain
Good old SONG BIRD McCain!1st
Forever the Maverick!
You mean TRAITOR!1st
Continue to enjoy life Blessings
If only the rest of America could! 1st
If we only appreciated him as much as he thinks we do. I hope he has a speedy recovery, his NO vote sure helped the 116% premium increaseNOT
Oh yes, he has been so helpful his entire career! Good old Song Bird!1st
Damn your not dead yet, Traitor
Right ON!1st
God blessings on you, John McCain!
Bless America FIRST we NEED it MORE!1st
Respect to you sir but you failed the American people and then go on vacation
 Sad
No respect here, that is something that is EARNED in my world!1st
Where's @MeghanMcCain ?
Who cares
Correct, he does not care about America!1st
While my mother lies writhing in agony in bed because she's been denied her legal meds because of addicts, I'm so glad ur enjoying urself.
Lookie there.  Democrats all.
Lovely family! Let's make sure the future is bright for them. Please save our country! And our world! #ImpeachTrump
That is exactly what Trump ios DOING, SAVING ALL America!1st
How about joining the GOP family and their agenda
RESIGN AND RETIRE!!!!!!
From your mouth to Gods ears, PLEASE!1st
Senator McCain, I have that same NAVY ball cap.  I was VF23 and VF 115 between 1956 &1960.
Sold you out as well! 1st
He can back and said they are getting nothing done then stalled the repeal...wth!!!
So many Bots on here!
Do you even know what a BOT IS! Same old response NOTHING INTELLIGENT!1st SHEEPLE!
Do they all get health Care at mayo? #TermLimits
Beautiful too bad their republicans lol
Love all the dogs!  Nothing helps to heal more than a pet.  Keep on fighting sir.  My dog & I wish you the best.
Now only if you would FIGHT for Americans!1st
Please move!!!! To Cuba
Hi Bot!!! See ya!
Yes, TRAITORS stick together in any kind of weather!1st
Wait your missing a couple other TRAITORS in that picture...Wikileaks.
America .  Hell No !!!
Dope butterfly shirt 
Why do you always vote against the environment? GOP always does.
Once a TRAITOR always a TRAITOR I think!1st
Get Well Senator!
Rest well as the rest of U.S. get screwed over!1st
Good, stay there and be silent!!!
Just as I thought. Not a Conservative in the bunch.
I like that shirt!!
God bless you and your family.

Right ON!1st
Великому  другу України  бажаю  швидкого одужання !!!
Retire, you can enjoy more!
He will not let go of the American Hine Teat!1st I agree PLEASE RETIRE!
I love your T shirts Senator. Yesterday a wildlife T shirt of birds, & now a tshirt of butterflies.  Thank you for honoring our wildlife.
Song BIRD
Who cares....too many McCains
Reading your replies and only Dems are happy to see you! Retire and go away ole man!!
I think his approval rating with Dems is around 90%! 1st
Sold U.S. out so his globalist friends will give him that special LIFE EXTENSION  treatment!1st Not TRAITORS!
Right ON!!!!!1st
Saying your final goodbyes are tough..
Gud lookin crew, meghan must have been photographer, more dogs I c, excellent company.  Enjoy!
You have a lovely family. This Democrat wishes you well and hopes you can keep Trump out of your beautiful state next week! He sucks!!
Great man !
Clueless!
Glad you're enjoying your month long vacation. No excuses when it's time to go back to work. RETIRE
#AmericanHero
Another CLUELESS person!
You're related to Joe Lieberman?!
sir, am a great fan of yours .. keep up the spirit of never giving up and inspiring us!!!

Love the butterfly tshirt 
Where's Megan?
For a guy that thinks that everyone that uses Twitter is a bunch of idiots. You sure use it a lot. Is that how you get to the idiots?
That's what you should be doing the rest of your life. Stay out of Congress and creating Havoc
gathering of the clan.
How about training them in insurgency and sending them to Syria?
Bless everyone.
With you on that one every SECOND of every DAY!1st
I see you got your Tsarbucks!
Family reunion, with Republican  .@SenJohnMcCain and Vice President Democrat  nominee in 2000 @JoeLieberman = Blast from the past! Reminder!
Not one Republican in this pic.  Maybe one of the dogs hopefully.
Senator John you're a true hero. African young lads & men are proud of you. Please be kind to talk to African youths on love & developments
Yah RIGHT! TRIPE!1st
Perhaps you should stay and take care of #Arizona with your family, be a good Grandpa, and keep out of #WashingtonDC !!!
Yep. All the Rhinos!
Quality health care supports your ability to do this. Fight for all Americans to have quality care.
that's why McCain voted against that outrageous POS bill the GOP tried to squeak thru at 1am ..  pay attention, please
You literally have NO IDEA what u are talking about. ACA one of the biggest failures in history. Take some time to do a little research
Sure.  And you are the expert cause you get all your answers from Fox News and Breirbart
@SenJohnMcCain 
APPROACHING  AND  LOOKING  JESUS  IN  FAITH  AND LOVE...
THE HOLY SPIRIT  HEAL....DONT  LET  SKEPTIC  TO DEFEAT YOU....

I love you and your tshirts so much
Nice.
Nice TRAITOR!1st
God bless
God BLESS America PLEASE we need it from this guy!1st
isles hat @ConIsles
Enjoy John. Family means so much. Where is your "partner" @LindseyGrahamSC?
Now if he only cared about yours and the rest of America!1st
@SenJohnMcCain good health best wishes ! You can kick the ass of cancer as you have kicked the ass of so much !
I did laugh at that but not in a HUMOROUS way!1st
Well hey @ccmccain
Poor family having to pose with a traitor it has to be embarrassing
God blessed you with such a great family, he will bless you again!
God BLESS America!1st Please not with this TRAITOR!1st
Is that a greyhound I see to the right?
These are the moments. . .
This would be the moment for Johnny!1st
Non-partisan !! Love this!
You did make me LAUGH, at you! 1st
-happy that you're doing well & w/family..can't help thinking of families ripped apart by T & his immigration round up #sad
Family is beautiful
Time brilliantly spent. 
That would be about the only example to use the word BRILLIANT with this guy!1st
Republicans love @Starbucks
Hope u are feeling ok. In my thoughts n prayers.
Best wishes from this old Democrat.   Congress needs men of integrity, even if they are Rebublicans!
I totally agree, I pray you are around for a long time.  Somebody on the Republican side with a brain.
Please tell Trump NOT to come here!

Do any of them have ties to the Ukrainian Nazi's and the Nazi Collaborator Soros like you? Your family must Disavow you!

.. 9/11 was an inside job
Remember building 7 and nano thermite if NOTHING ELSE!1st
God bless you @SenJohnMcCain
Very nice!
Nor REALLY him stepping DOWN would be NICE!1st
Butterfly shirt for Satan!
When you conjures up images of Satan while looking at butterflies, you may consider seeking help. Shame on you for thinking of evil things..
Oh, James you are my therapy.
If only you would listen but then wax drips from your ears. I will have faith that in time enough wax will clear for you to finally hear
No, you are asking how a watch is made when you, need to mind the time.
Your comment conveys an erratic thinking pattern or you don't proof read. I'm negligent in that so I say, "Try again, with less errors."
Birds now
Birds of prey who protect this nation to their lasting breath
Enjoy.
Pupperrrrrrs
.... Does the rest of your family know that you are arming and funding terrorists in Syria?
That is a good question! Are they all complacent?1st
Nice to see that you finally adopted Senator Lieberman.  Nice pic!
They have been in bed with each other for YEARS! Another McCain WING MAN! Birds of a feather SING TOGETHER! 1st
Enjoy this wonderful Sunday day. God Bless!
Looks like a Benedict Arnold family reunion.
Insulting a decorated war vet recovering from brain cancer.  How low will you go?
TRAITOR TO HIS COUNTRY & STATE !
You're going to say that to a war veteran recovering from brain surgery?  How pathetic.
It's nice to see that your doing well
Now only if the rest of U.S. received that back from HIM!1st
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
What about all of HISTORY before then? Do remember AS WELL?1st
