Not proud of you, 7 years of promising to repeal Obamacare, and you let us all down. No excuses, just honor your promise.
Mr McCain we understand mathematics, take away 2 trillion,leave 200 million, someone loses.The poor, Veterans and uninsured only. I paid
Mr McCain ask yourself what are the character defects of your fellow GOP Rep. Because a bird in the hand, is worth more than 13 in the bush.
Mr McCain,thumbs down for this new GOP health care bill. Ask them how many districts suffer from opioid addiction. Preexisting conditions.
This is great now we need you to vote against this disastrous health care bill again. Please don't let us down.
And if he does?
Mr McCain Trump and the GOP do not understand their are homeless Veterans with preexisting conditions. They are homeless, and no care.
So very important!  Thank you!
Please vote no on the GOP healthcare bill. It is bad for the American people.
Are you liberals who worshipped mccain when he voted no going to call him a traitor now if he votes yes?
How proud will you be if the Senate repeals the ACA and so many veterans loose their insurance?
Maybe it will be you that is a hero once again
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Please stand on principle and bipartisanship. Reject graham/Cassidy in favor of more carefully considered bill. Citizens depend on you
How is our bloated military budget not ALREADY enough? Best way to actually protect our people is affordable healthcare. #noGrahamCassidy
You guys loved mccain a few months ago
No, not really. I respect him for his service but not for his politics. Just because he made one vote we liked doesn't mean he's our bestie.
DEFEAT GRAHAM CASSIDY.  MUCH MORE IMPORTANT TO OUR CITIZENS NOW!
mccain already said he was supporting the Bill
What about Health care John? Please vote NO, if you vote YES you'll be killing millions of Americans! Do what you know is right!
What are you libs worried about? You said it was dead in the water a month ago. Why all the panic?
Healthcare @SenJohnMcCain? what about Healthcare?  Can Americans count on you to help #SaveACA?  WE NEED HEALTHCARE REBUILT NOT REPEALED
Mr McCain we love you in Bmore Maryland. The veterans in Baltimore, MD respect your decision to protect my homeless veterans. Thanks.
Bill Cassidy is a liar per Jimmy Kimmel. We do not trust Lince
Love u Sir!
Please vote to give Americans, including veterans, the healthcare they need, Senator. (Trying to succinct, hope this doesn't sound ugly.)
Traitor!Hypocrit!
Now say no to #trumpcare!!!!
I paid 300k in oshi premiums with 30 years at C&P, Bell Atlantic and http://Verizon.Now  Trump and GOP are going to take my benefits.
What about our roads and bridges?  It may save more lives over time than more guns and boats.
.Please vote No on Graham/Cassidy. We need a good bill that protects those with pre-existing conditions. I'm a cancer survivor. We need you!
Please vote no on this horrible healthcare bill. Zero debate. Zero CBO score. Zero Dems. Millions of ppl left without insurance.
He already said he was supporting the Bill! Go away you hack!
Mr McCain please do not be in lock step with this rush hour bill.Please we need regular order.Need to know what in the bill.
Like you, my little brother flys for the Navy. This is good...thanks for spearheading!
Vote no on this disaster called trumpcare. you know it's the right thing to do.
Isn't it interesting that most respondents to RINO McCain are liberals congratulating him for his support of their agenda. #vainMcCain
SPEND THAT MONEY ON HEALTH CARE FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! WHY "PROTECT" PEOPLE WHO ARE GOING TO DIE FROM LACK OF HEALTHCARE?
How are you voting on this most recent attempt to repeal ObamaCare?
Many American lives on the line.
They deserve to know: life or death...?
Congratulations, Mr Senator!
More military funding but you'll "reluctantly" vote to help strip funding for healthcare for vulnerable Americans? #checkyourpriorities
How about health care, where is your plan JOKE
Don't we spend more on our military budget than the next next seven largest military budgets around the world, combined
That money used for contractors (Boeing-Lockheed-Raytheon) keeps em fat . Will the branches take care of the soldiers any better?  Doubt it.
You're so proud Congress just significantly lined the pockets of every multibillion-dollar defence contractor in the United States. Congrats
And exactly how many billions or trillions of that money could actually have gone to healthcare or tax relief for the poorest Americans?
Where is the money going to come from! Hopefully you'll raise the taxes on the top 10% because the bottom 90% can't afford it.
Ashamed of your vote on repealing Obamacare.
PLEASE vote AGAINST the Graham Repeal bill. No better, perhaps worse and very destabilizing to market if it passes. Push for bipartisan fix
What about the many veterans who rely upon the ACA for health coverage?
so you're giving money to the military and stripping healthcare from Americans, a true patriot!
Stand up with our President Trump
Please don't vote for  GrahamCassady  bill. Stick to your principles, please. America is counting on you!
But to hell with kids with cancer. Have you no shame?
WRONG
Please vote against this criminal attempt to strip healthcare. Fix ACA
Now make America proud of you, again, by voting AGAINST the Graham-Cassidy Bill.
Keep the Senate proud by voting NO to Graham-Cassidy!
Please say no to Grahm-Cassidy
There's $700 billion for the military to "protect America" but there's no money for healthcare to keep America healthy #theworst
And who are the 8 morons that voted against this most important bill? America deserves to know
... and you are going to cave on taking away healthcare for millions. I guess as long as you are getting the healthcare you need right?
Re build middle class McCain Their decline is why we electronically print $ today USA lost tax base
How about a middle class(now a minority in 46 states) bill McCain Middle class is what made USA great nation
Be our hero #VoteNOGrahamCassidy 
American politics are shameful these days.
Discouraged and sad.
Is this what you want your legacy to be associated with ? I hope not #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
You should have to live under Obama Care and Congress
Even better idea. Boot 45 out of office. His incompetence & childish behavior have brought us to the brink of nuclear annihilation. /3
taxpayers. All government employees & officials should have their pay rates frozen. Make 45 pay for his golf trips including protection. /2
Great. Now to pay for it no major tax breaks for wealthy & corporations. Congress & all gov employees receives the same healthcare as /1
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy !
What about the 20 million  about to be uninsured?
Hopefully you'll continue to make America proud by continuing to vote no to Graham Cassidy abomination. 
You live to fight another day because your pre-existing condition was covered.  Millions will die if you vote for Trumpcare.  Don't cave in!
OUTSTANDING!! Long overdue. Visiting our embassy in Spain. The Marines need more support and better housing closer to embassy.
What about rebuilding our infrastructure and providing our public educators the training, equipment, and resources they need?
Save healthcare so the military has someone left to protect
Vote no on ACA repeal bill
No more funds for black ops. False flags will end. Lying CIA and J McCain creators of ISIS.
Thank you for voting on President Trump's agenda cancerous one.
I'm proud to support our military...I am a little worried nothing has been done to address waist before shoveling out more money
To fight for sum dumb mf who give no damn about them , just to either die or go back mentally and/or phisically screwed
Protect healthcare for people who get a brain tumor and don't work for the government! Will u lose insurance?
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy!
You will lose ALL of my support if you vote for this shameful healthcare bill that will reduce over a million vets' Medicaid coverage.
America is counting on you @SenJohnMcCain to vote 'No' on Graham-Cassidy HC Plan. Please don't let up down.  You were our hero in last vote.
Let's see if you will help stop shameful TrampCare
Senator McCain,  I'm glad for military funding.  I am more worried @medical insur. PLEASE STAND FIRM in keeping the ACA, ppl need your vote!
D I C K
You think your decisions are great. You are not helping us.
Pay attention to what Arizonans want. It may not be what you want, but it's what those that elected you choose. Listen to voters
Boasting of a bill that Americans support gains zero points. If you follow what Americans desire then you would vote the way Arizona wants.
You need to retire. Get treatment for your tumor. Making bad decisions is not a good place to be. #wake up John. Arizona thinks you ignore.
Nice everyone participated. It's a job that requires votes. Be proud, but we elect senators to vote. Missing 3 is ridiculous.
And our military industrial complex another boost.
Please for the love of God, vote NO on this 3rd horrific healthcare bill. Why can't the GOP come up with something that helps , not kills?
You warmongering liar, military is always the best. MIC shill
#NDAA invasion of privacy
Psychopath.
Expanded conflict with Asia is a loosing proposition that will end in nuclear war. Or do u not give a fuck? #FuckTheGOP
Meanwhile fuck Healthcare, fuck our infrastructure, fuck hurricane victims in the USVI, fuck the environment. Republicans are cancer sore.
When you are standing before The Lord how will you explain a yes vote that will make 31m people suffer to give tax breaks 4 billionaires.
Protect Americans from predatory insurance practices! Vote NO on this heinous new bill.
What about education, EPA, and FEMA funds? Where does infrastructure fall in?!
We spend more on military than the next 10 countries COMBINED.  This isn't about SAFETY, this is $$$$ to your military contractor friends.
Take any money from that sham of a wall and invest it in our MRIs/women!
Most of those same heroes you're praising could lose their healthcare with your vote.Explain that to God. Explain how it will cost too much.

@SenJohnMcCain Graham-Cassidy bill will remove close to 2 million vets off of Medicaid. I don't think that was your intention. Couldn't be!
Sorry Sen McCain, not impressed. GOP has failed the Prez & people. This is only a start. Get the job done with h-care, taxes & immigration!
I know this will go against your governor - but please think of people like me when you vote. Serious preexisting conditions, poor, 62
What about bringing domestic programs back to pre sequester spending now that you took care of military industrial complex? #AmericaFirst
Hello, the military comes from the people you want to condemn to death and take away healthcare from
Liar.
Shameful. You are not sending my.kids into a senseless war. Spending OUR money without asking us. Jerks.
Please stand strong for Americans again. We loved you for voting no against the repeal vote. Bipartisanship is needed.
All for pricey toilets
I'm glad they did too,Please Vote No ..people are depending on You..
Sure hope you are as supportive of people's health as you are of the military. Say no to this bill that will be a death senetence for some.
90 seconds of "debate" on this bill is a travesty. Listen to @JohnKasich and push for a bipartisan approach. Please.
Please help my wife and daughter be able to keep their health insurance plan.
Do you all really want health care ran like the VA system? Start standing in line now.
Were always good for a yesVote when money is involved. Wonder why that is.
Now don't be crazy about taking health care away!
Just don't let them do that with a vote leaving millions of Americans born in country worked hard but deathly ill w/o ACA  in your shoes
Demand CBO not all Governors intend to take care of people. I am Amer. Worked 40 yrs got sick wait SSD over yr can't work no Medicaid ACA 
I know this is off subject a bit, but asking you to hold the line again on the repeal and replace sir! Thank you.
Proud the Senate Supported the POTUS
DO NOT PASS THIS NEW HEALTH BILL 
Most importantly you'll get your money from the military contractors.  Bully for you songbird.
Don't let us and yourself down.  Preserve affordable care protections.  Don't roll over for the corporate owned McConnell, Ryan, Pence.
Good work, @SenJohnMcCain!
With a strong senator like you in congress for decade after decade why did you let the military deteriorate?
And your legacy is NEVER-ENDING WAR!  I know you're happy about that.
Sen McCain we need you to spend your days doing what's right and not BLINDLY follow Trump/GOP.Your chance to make sure YOU made a difference
Hmmm old man rebuild the military and steal healthcare from all Americans even children! Sounds like the Nazi party to me. 
Great! Now vote to save our health care, John! Do the right thing. It can't all be about GOP greed. Put Americans first over party.
Yes absolutely
Vote no you would if your health care was affected
When you have a healthcare policy that can do the same, then we will believe you believe in regular order!
That's all well & good but what about this stinking new #GrahamCassidyBill? Will you still stand by the people & vote "NO"? Counting on you!
WILL this buy your vote on new GOP healthcare bill? Also interesting how ur best bud Graham put his name on it. Triangulation anyone?!
The senate won't vote for health, but easily say yes to death.
How can DT get by with showing violence to an awesome lady like Hillary. He needs to be stopped.

Keep being proud and reject #GrahamCassidy. You personally know the importance of available health care. PLEASE don't be a part of this evil
Please keep U.S. A. alive by not repealing ACA.
Where were Graham and Rubio? They NEED to keep their backsides in their chairs in the Senate Chamber and VOTE. 
Discipline both MealyMouth
Good Senator now protect the elderly in nursing homes an indengit Americans to keep Medicaid. Vote NO to Graham/Cassidy. Vote for Americans
We are counting on your same dedication to healthcare.  Let's get it right and not rush something thru.  Graham-Cassidy is not the answer...
Oh good.  Now we can spend it on sex changes for the mentally ill troops 

#songbird
Now we need to make sure American people have good healthcare. Not Graham/Cassidy healthcare. This will hurt many Americans. Vote NO.
Wow U voted for something that was good for USA was a big fan at one time voted for U but not so much anymore
Yes! Disappointed @SenBobCorker did not but thank u @SenAlexander. Lived in AZ 35 yrs now in TN, miss it.
America is praying tonight that you vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. We are also praying for your health and recovery. Godspeed
John please don't vote to do away with ACA. You need to stand up for those who are not wealthy! You may meet your maker soon, you know
Now stick to your guns and vote against the Obamacare repeal, which is being railroaded against all "regular order"!
Will they have the health care they need upon return?
Now you going to vote to end healthcare for so many. How could you sir. Thought you might have gained some empathy for those in need.
Are you going to strip healthcare away from 30 million Americans @SenJohnMcCain
Please confirm NO on that stupid health Care bill
Hmmm what about getting us Americans some health insurance we can afford, do your job or take your ass home
Please be there for us when you vote on health care. #ProtectOurCare
Please refuse to vote for this healthcare plan. It will harm so many
Too bad you caused repeal of Obama care to fail. #termlimits
Thank you for leading on this!
Great! Now, PLEASE continue to be the hero you can be & don't vote to obliterate the ACA, AGAIN; & in a sneakier way; & which hurts more! 
Now get off your high horse John McCain and do something for the average middle class American. Maybe start with a legitimate tax cut.
Make sure you guys add in how to help veterans succeed after military as well
Republicans not so concerned about Vets when they get back.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy bill. For the health of all Americans it can not pass.
NEW: Graham-Cassidy ACA Repeal Bill Would Cause Huge Premium Increases for People with Pre-Existing Conditions   PLEASE DONT LET THIS PASS
Now please care.about Americans in general.   Please vote NO on GrahamCassidy TrumpNOcare!
I will be PROUD if you vote NO and that horrible health care bill. PLEASE McCain, let this be as important to you as it is to millions.
That they need to go fight your pointless wars...
