@SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump 's campaign was assisted by enemies of the USA. Every intel agency says this is true. It is time to oust him
Name one Intel agency. I have studied this. Obama btw, who is pushing his father's dream is doing everything with powerful rich help end
Are you speaking English? FBI CIA NSA they all said the same thing Russia interfered in 2016 #Russiagate happened!

You are a Russia bot?
Should have been done 8 years ago when you clowns thought you knew everything then too !!!  Our country needs new leaders who will work 4 us
Can't wait for your replacement in the Senate so we can #MAGA.  You've been in the Senate so long you probably have cancer
Leave Trump alone, how about some support. He was elected You only care about sabotaging Trump you don't give a shit about American people

So Bill Clinton DEMOCRAT signed into law making Robert E. Lee a holiday in Arkansas. Confederate Statues we're Democrats. Trump's a Racist 
Best security of #America is for you to #resign while you enjoy your Senate HealthCare while us peons suffer you traitor!
Our thoughts and prayers are with you. Still thanking you daily for saving our healthcare. God Bless You.
Yes because the extreme premium hikes and loss of healthcare for many that cannot pay 12-15000 dollar deduct! Gov having to pay extra &broke
#TrumpResign #TrumpResign Totally Corrupt Government #TrumpResign #TrumpRussianCollusion get rid of the #putinpuppet why don't you?
We need term limits !!!
Help please. He's scaring the hell out of me for the safety of my non-Caucasian amazing daughter. Some days I don't even have words.
AMERICANS PROBLEM IS CONGRESS, DC MAFIA, AND PEOPLE LIKE YOU. GO HOME, RETIER, HAVE PEACE AND LOVE MR. MCCAIN. GOD BLESS YOU.
If you do not denounce #MariaChappelleNadal & call for her resignation. U to must resign now! All must RESPECT the office or be dismissed!
No thanks to YOU. What went wrong? Couldn't find a way to stop it?

As long as you are confident that it isn't a maneuver to oust adm Rogers
Why ur tellling everything any way
We all love you Senator McCain - Democrats, Republicans, Independents. You are a true professional and a gentleman.  Thank you!
Sorry Sir. Your words are not enough. And you know this is NOTHING within the scope of destruction being waged by the President. SPEAK UP!!!
HE isn't going to. He HATES Trump, because HE didn't have what it takes to be POTUS. That is why he balls at anything Trump.
Wonder if his insurance sent him a letter turning down MRI to see what was wrong. Mind did waited 6 months and numerous letters from doc.
I DONT WANT TO DISRESPECT, I FEEL DISREPECTED BY YOUR COMMENTS AND YOUR ACTIONS AGAINST AMERICAN PEOPLE, PLEASE WE WANT A FUNTIONING DC.
Your so smart Senator.
HC mandate injured families, jobs & emboldened insurance companies. Congress passed law/tax $ pay their premiums! Call ur Senator/TAX REFORM
It's so hard for you to give him credit. Give up the fight against our President. You are either for us or against us, CHOOSE.
Keep on keeping on Senator. Make America Honest Again
Mayo Clinic, huh? Obamacare didn't buy you THAT option, that's for sure........
I hope this messge is for Dems and/or Repbulican establishment politicians. The people who voted4r Trump don't really care about ur opinion
Keep your head up.
Wow. Big change. As a COCOM, will it be considered a part of the IC any longer and what are the implications?
Please resign.. we supported voted & defended you! Some of us in the streets of San Francisco with violence/hate coming R way..U spit on us
Cyber security or cyber control! Nobody can trust you and the other swamp things any longer! You have failed us! Your legacy is one of lies!
@SenJohnMcCain You have brain damage your opinion don't count anymore... It's time to retire... Trader... Fake Hero... It's time to go
"SONGBIRD" don't care about us. We are far beneath his class of folks-or so he thinks. He hates Trump so we suffer from his hate. RINO
Make sure you stop him from giving the passwords to Russia.
Please dont feed them and help us in our resistance efforts! This man must go and you must place checks and balances on his admin. Bad ppl!
Who must go are RINOS like McCain , Graham and McConnell, Corker...that are corrupt and attacking Trump to protect their asses!
I am praying today that every time U get a treatment U fight off all those bad cancer cells thats what U should be concentrating on now
No one cares whether you're pleased or not other than RINO idiots @LindseyGrahamSC, @JeffFlake. Soon u will be 81. Can't be alive forever.
Great Experience !!!! too many people forget what happen in WWII. You always try do the right thing. Country is divided.
Trump did it AFTER you posted this comment. Good job John!!!
Go home!!! Your not to be trusted. We see who you are. A lying little traitor. U made us look with lets see Donald MAGA now #fakehero#killer
RINO.
Backstabbing traitor
It's been made clear the Congress is in way over there heads. Most are old an not up to it and are there to feed there egos. Sad
SENATOR DON'T KNOW MUCH ABOUT COMPUTERS ,!BUT I'M SURE OUR ENEMIES ;WILL LOOK FOR ANY AND ALL WEAKNESS!
@Gwpass1 please Sir McCain, do not feed this maniac by complimenting anything he does.
https://twitter.com/femalesfortrump/status/895214228424077312 …
So Glad you are pleased your exilency may we get you an extra war or two
We don't care that your pleased, you democratic RINO.
We support President Trump...You should also.
John you an the Republicans need to get on board IMPEACH Trump 25th amendment For Grace of the American people
@SenJohnMcCain dream is coming true. Bomb, bomb bomb #RadicalIslamicTerrorism is pushed back by #SyrianArmy&  #Russianarmy in #Syria
Please impeach.
@The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump like he cares about our security, 1der how much he sold for his own pocket?
Do the country a favor and take care of your health and don't say another word ...time to retire!
Disappointed in you sir and your total disrespect for President Trump.
You suck
How about including @realDonaldTrump  in tweet.  Funny how you include him when you complain,  but say admin when you approve.
Just in case no one told you today Senator John McCain you are deeply loved by the people never forget that you are a blessing to the nation
Like getting DWS indicted and imprisoned?
It's time for you to go backstabbing liar!!
Bla bla bla... how many babies did you kill in Vietnam? Senator fascist!
Senator McCain  it would be great for the country if you could help Me Trump instead of criticizing him so you could look like a good guy.
I dont think anyone cares if you are pleased....   you are Hater of @POTUS
Oh we're so glad you approve of something .... You really are that Jealous of Trump that you bash him non stop
McCain wins BOZO the Clown title. Fact: Pinto Colvig was the original Bozo The Clown, and the original voice of the Disney character Goofy
And also not penetrate into other country's networks plz
You worried that America will discover your collusion with the DNC to screw Americans?
You are a traitor to the U.S.A.
charlottesville agitprop to smear trump, Spain attacked to cover banking problems. We are on you like flies on sh!t
WOW! Must have been terribly difficult for you to praise the admin even a little bit. He's been working hard, while senate is hardly working
Mr. McCain, Could you please suggest NOBODY attend the rally. Let them chant to themselves. Don't add fuel to their fire or it's viloent.
What? No Russians??
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lishenets 
globalist elitist deep state traitor! So obvious! Sick of these losers!
YOU and all the other globalists are more of a threat than anything else. Keep trying to push agenda 2030, you will NEVER win.
Get to work on repeal and replace RINO.
Please resign
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA!!!
How are you doing Senator? I'm praying for you Sir. I hope the weather is nice and you have your family around to keep you entertained!
world wide web (1992)
https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/20882243_10211176250067464_3232490968803478967_n.jpg?oh=b971aaf289d71ae632d5cb387276c3cb&oe=59EDDC90 …
Now I really will faint. Our President did something McCain approves of?
You Hanoi John are a threat to this nation.  Gone next cycle.
You sir are a traitor
Why? That's the only way we can see your corruption.
I think Cyber Security Agency has a nice ring to it personally. CSA sounds like it already should exist.
I believe POTUS removal would go a long way toward that end.
What abt good health care for working citizens of the USA John?  OBcare is murdering our parents, & babies. You will be the one in Hell

Please focus on domestic agenda. Our great nation is suffering cause of hateful rhetoric and divisive actions. Our three branches r divided!
Your more of a threat than any cyber threat.
I know you do not like the president but he is the only hope of you fixing the military and getting them more money
Sorry, that position is waiting for @PutinRF_Eng to fill the Russian contingent and promises they aren't anti-US FSB.
Resign now old man your time is over

Keep bending over for K Street.
Is this being run with Russians? Sir, you of all people, how are you not loudly condemning DT by name?
obviously you have no idea what you are talking about and just spewing political jargon
But at least groups/teams are WORKING TOGETHER!!!
Sorry u lost  ur memory so quick but the adimin  is called President or @POTUS or Mr. Trump
In the meantime keep ignoring how YOU & your other backstabbers are sticking it to mid-class America by refusing to repeal or replace.
Repeal and NO plan to fall back on? Seriously? Got insurance, I guess. Many don't. Think first. 45 jumps like  a bean all over the place.NUT
John, retire your has-been and nobody cares what you say!
Repeal and replace.  We will not forget
What not bashing trump today?  Remember when you twist truth it falls under : thou shalt not bear false witness, something to think about
And we'll be pleased when you retire sir. Go spend your time left with your family.
Yea no wet starts will help
If you do not denounce Maria Chappelle-Nadal & call for her resignation. U to must resign now! All must RESPECT the office or be dismissed!
Get a back bone. He's destroying our country.
How unusual that you're finally pleased about something ... not that we really care#MakeAmericagreatagain
Please retire
but is Russia part of cyber command ..because if it is we are doomed lol
#DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomethingGOP #DoSomething
what about internal threats (inside the USA) like yourself for example?
Patriots fighting ignorance & corruption don't shop Ebay stores of MAGA. Get well soon... Drumpf is self-destructing & indictments await.
Libtards will never be satisfies with anything POTUS Trump does, wouldn't say crap about Obama failures, go away Playboy, just go away!
Until you sign articles of impeachment you are condoning 45 & white supremacists. Do the right thing John before there's no USA to defend
You need to retire and spend what time you have left with your family!
The data must be guarded so Donald can't send it to his buddy, Putin.  He is a man without morals.  Anything for a buck in his pocket
John am I dreaming or have you just said in a roundabout way you are pleased with your president?
This is good but an even higher priority is to remove the aberration in the White House. #impeachtrump
Are you ready for Phoenix to be the magnet for white supremist?
McCain UR voting record is a big fat F.  Rather than voting thru a rational mind & what's best 4 America U vote 4 Pay Back i.e. Health Bill?
Better too late than never! What took so long?
This man is one of the most evil human being I've ever saw, these so called republicans needs to get out of Soros pocket and do what's right
He is still o dangerous fool don't be too pleased
It will be a great day when you finally kick the bucket and Arizonanas get a senator who actually tries to represent them. RINO
Get well soon @SenJohnMcCain .
Don't allow Russia to be one of the allies.
Lol "dont allow russia to be one of the allies" i needed that. Thank you.
Time to retire Mr. McCain.
Get rid of the lunatic please help America
Yes, to be unified against Russia Assange FoxNews and Trump
Retire!
Is this the joint effort with Putin? #ImpeachTrumpPence who "stands with" legitimization of Nazi/KKK. Saddest time in USA thx to @GOP
Whats your link of trump to kkk or nazis? Ill wait here.
Support President Trump on wall, immigration, repeal Obama care
Resign
Mr. McCain Can you explain this?
You're senile
McCain. If all protesters at Cville on Sat are Nazis do the make all C-protesters Antifa Terrorist? Why is this so hard to answer?
Get rid of Potus or nothing will get done. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Sir thank you for a life time of service. I'm a so thankful for having you around at this time of uncertainty!
Hate to say it, but I keep wondering if Cyber Command isn't really about locating and shutting down domestic dissent.
Absolutely what it is.
Right now, the biggest threat is @POTUS having the nuke codes.
RETIRE!
Please help us & get this orange menace OUT. He is encouraging torture & genocide. Why don't you take action? We need more than words, sir.

What are you going to do about Phoenix? EVERYONE is watching.
please retire & go away quietly! U blow any way the wind is on any given day, u agree when u shouldn't & disagree . Leave !
Sir, our biggest threat is in the White House! Your words lose meaning until you acknowledge THAT problem! #impeachtrump
then why is there no cabinet level cyber czar?
Thank you for not directly praising @POTUS. @LindseyGrahamSC - this is how to do that.
Lol you think graham is a trump supporter? Hes a rino too
More of an enabler than a supporter.
Pos songbird mccain
And I am pleased with you. I don't like these freaks getting into our elections, hospitals,  banks....arg
and yet you warned Obama not to do it. why the change of heart now? because a name only R supports it? so lame
huh mcain and graham like - trump please do the opposite
Surprised you have something nice to say about the administration. When are you switching parties?
What are you lying about now?
And now you are the threat !
WTF are you talking about?  This is why you should not be in any office. Terror attacks, tax cuts, jobs, infrastructure and you say this????
So did you invent cyber command? Give credit to those who did, and those who got the change done. You and Al Gore...
Keep fighting the good fight! Endure til the end thy good and faithful servant!  #MyHero
He's a songbird,  sellout,  traitor.
Blocked you!
