Thank you senator for having a heart and helping the people of Puerto Rico. Your a True Hero!
Trump was already doing the heavy lifting.   All John is doing is making noise trying to take credit.  He us such a discredit to his party
Disgraceful. Senator McCain has held the line between us and tyranny. I, for one, will always be grateful.
I don't see it that way.  I respect you have an opinion.   Show me the same courtesy
You’re entitled to your opinion. McCain puts people first, I find no fault in that, neither do 32 million battling to keep their care.
McCain has done nothing to help people.  He dishoners and ignores his own state.
Majority didn’t want to loose insurance. Rates are high due to Republican sabotage of ACA. Working fine in Dem States that expanded Medicare
We see it differently.  Let me have my free speech and opinion.
Thank You Sen for being a leader something that missing in the Trump admin
He is a Democrat lying about what party he belongs to.  Go away John.
Every single trump supporter has "Conservative Christian" in their bio.  And not one of them says anything remotely Christ-like. Hypocrisy.
All the millennial comments are laughable.....We hate trump we love McCain even though he has been a Gov crook for years...
Retire please retire
Dear John, 

Not only are you a liar, you've betrayed the public trust. Licking the boots of the disaster Maria left will not change this fact.

You're at Traitor in every sence from your capture to today. Veterans never forget John and yet, we will forget you.

Goodbye,
VFW
Awe!! Let the butt hurt flow!!

You couldn't have pointed out McCain 3 months ago if he was sitting on your face!! Preparation H will help sweetie
Wait.. Lived or live in Phoenix?? Like Tempe, Mesa or Sun City??

And why at that age, so completely ignorant about John?? Everyone that served with him or was at the Hilton with him knows and has reported on him being a Traitor.

Willfully ignorant is no excuse
You need to get your fact straight. The Vietnam veterans flyer that was distributed back in 2008 was all lies.
Which Flyer?? Out of the dozens of articles, stories, oped and books all in first person accounts have Not. One. Word. Of. Praise.

And then his interaction with Richard Nixon but hey, keep trying.
Bullshit Pepe go back to your swamp.
And now, hold Trump accountable for waiting so long. Those Americans are suffering, needlessly. Something is very wrong in government.
They need to mobilize the military and move them to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.  Trump's Katrina 
just a loooonnnngg week later. Thank u John for pushing this action. Methinks you're more of a democrat at times like these 
Thank you for helping save our health care and putting our grifter in chief's feet to the fire on PR?
Our country is becoming a disgrace
I knew after the election that @SenJohnMcCain would be our only hope, among the GOP.
Don't forget @SenSusanCollins.   She has stood strong for healthcare.
Yes she has, along  with Murkowski even though the GOP was trying to bribe both.
Thank you for being the voice of the ones that can’t be heard!! God bless you with health and the strength needed 2 continue fighting 4 us!!
And you need to start voting for the presidents agenda or become a democrat
As a lowly Arizonan and constituent, is it too much to ask that you point out Trump lifted the Jones Act upon request from PR
Finally! With such a devastation why did he hesitate when The Jones Act was waived earlier this month prior to Hurricane Irma's landfall?

Thanks, you are a hero!
Tax Cuts FIRST!
Corporate shill to the very end.
He's sticking it to them another way...
God Bless you Senator.  
Why are there trade restrictions between states and US territories?
Thank you Sir!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
They need to be a state.51
@SenJohnMcCain I am  % certain this admin would NEVER be in the same league as YOURS would HAVE or could be 
#DeFactoPresidentoMcCain 
Thank you sir.i agree, as a 10 day waiver solves nothing
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your efforts in making this happen.
You have subverted Trump every step of the way. Seditious behavior. Don't act morally superior. Your involvement with dossier? #deep state.
Yay! Thanks for helping friends in P.R.
@mermaidjobs
FINALLY  !!!!!!!!
State Dept / administration making Puerto Rico evacuees pay http://on.mktw.net/2xFTgiU  *Heartless, gutless, evil...
Official website for the state department suggests that it is: http://travel.state.gov/content/dam/tr …
Funny that all the “free market” folks are demanding anti-competition protection with stuff like the Jones Act...
Funny he doesn't feel that way about Obamacare.
They should not have waited. 45 is business concerns first, humans second.  Too many excuses.
#HurricaneMaria #Trump
Not really.  The MSM hates the president and can't give him credit when he does something right. PR is more difficult because no roads.
Oh please. He's inexperienced and self-motivated. Yesterday he said it was because the businesses didn't want it, today, he's a savior. No.
Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz is a hardcore leftist being pushed by democrats to make trump look bad
U need to give up UR Cadillac Ins. U won't VOTE TO REPEAL & REPLACE BUT THE SENATE & Congress don't have OBAMACARE U DON'T CARE ABOUT US!
Can someone please tell me how we, the United States of America, elected a CARTOON CHARACTER as our president?
Amazing news. Thanks for everything Sen.
You have voted against Trump 83% of the time! Are you being paid by Soros @RoderickAguill1
Guessing you missed the Jesus part of the Bible there Steve. smh
Karma is a bitch ...
That's ripe. Make wine.
It's only waived for a short time. The problem is a LONG-term problem. Years, not weeks.
Thank you John McCain.  You are one of the very few Republicans to act like an American.@streeter_k
Um, how about the aid to AZ residents suffering with Ocare. You've failed us and you lied
Ty for your letter suggesting repeal of this law.  You saved Puerto Rico

Temporary  That don't help to much
Found something to not screw Americans over?
Finally. Why do we have to keep telling @realDonaldTrump how to do his job? Can't he figure these things out for himself?
Please don't tell Congress what to do. Just go home and don't come back.
You fought for your country, almost died for your country, why did you stop when you became a senator???
You can help end this nightmare john
I know u don't feel good went thru it w/dad pls start impeachment u know ts using WH 2self enrich get t 4that Mueller can finish t off later
Thank you Senator!  Now for the real work.  #ImpeachTrump .  He is NOT keeping with the oath of office.

#WTFIsOnTopOfHisHead
I'm proud of you @SenJohnMcCain. You really have been the leader the GOP needs. Thank you!!
No wonder your name is snowflake
Wow, you're clever
You need to retire old man
It's a 10 day waiver.  That's ridiculous and asinine.   They need help for longer than 10 token days.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1955040918099942&id=100007821572916 …
Because of your failure as a Senator, now Americans are stuck with crappy healthcare, sky high premiums, and deductibles.  And you have the nerve to talk about issues regarding health care?  Ha, tell that to the voters in Arizona you let down (and lied to, regarding repeal).
Be careful John !!! The @GOP isn't going to like you wanting to help people of #PuertoRico !!! @6abc @nytimes @washingtonpost
If you have nothing good to say it is better for you to say nothing at all
congress should do a lot of things but they do not
Finally!!
Thank you Sen. McCain trumps a cruel heartless boy.
As a US Merchant Marine I will not miss you when your tumor finally takes you. You are an enemy to all US Merchant Marines.
You are a trader , can’t stand who you are
Now it's time for YOU John to vote to R&R that UNaffordable Health Care act! Do the job you were elected to do!!!
By Brad, you should be glad he finally called out the lies of the GOP. I block unAmericans.
It is so weird that mist of my Blocks on this feed have like 30 to 40 followers. Do your job twitter.
One word for you, Senator: RETIREMENT
And term limits
trump needs to pay PR the $33 million he owes them including penalties &interest whIle he is at it reimburse us for his scams Tower & golf 
Trump has a history of not paying debts in full. Even when he's sued, in the end creditors never recoup full fees/penalties. 
I know trump is a thief
This whole Jones Act should be repealed completely, it has been the worst deal ever made for PR. Make PR the 51 State, NOW.
I was agreeing with you up to that last point. :P
Statehood the problem? They are paying 40% higher for goods b/c of the Jones act.
BUT only for 6 MONTHS .. what is up with that .. THEY need a long term strategy .. just saying .. It was your PRESSURE John .. Job well done
Enough time to bring in diggers and haul out debris and destroyed cars, and set up rebuild fabrication and emergency electric power.
Still need to regulate commerce product deliveries. After emergency set up, commerce deliveries can replace ruined foodstuffs & vehicles.
9500 shipping containers sitting at port with no form of distribution? More supplies I'm sure r welcome. Get our people down there to help!
They do not have enough truck drivers to deliver this stuff, guess till they find drivers then it sits,it's up to Puerto Rico for that.
Correct. Which is why we would send experts to make plans & Drivers/vehicles, Air/Sea support, Etc to get supplies where they are needed.
Did you not just watch the press conference, they were plans already laid out,they are not enough truck drivers,they are cleaning roads
Roads are impassable they are doing all that done as quick as possible
Thank you John McCain for championing this for years. "progressively" grateful ♡
How many people have died because of the ridiculous delay on this simple act? One would be too many.
U have got to be the lowest life form on earth. Traitor to his country, traitor to his brother officers & traitor to his brother POWs. Scum.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your advocacy for Americans in unimaginable distress!
How about halting all legislation until #Mueller exposes #TrumpRussia for all the world to see?
Please stay out of politics.Your sick so you don't care anymore.U just want to stick it to the President before u retire or worse.
Thanks for being a real leader during this vacuum of leadership. Godspeed.
Repeal Jones Act #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRicoStrong
Repeal Jones Act and send Me McCain to a retirement home for his comfort, he deserves to go HOME!)
Congress needs to consider PR for statehood. There are 5.1mills PRs in the USA don't get to vote for PR's status. It affects us too!
Thank you from Puerto Rico.
Sir, is it true that evacuees are being forced to sign promissory notes, give up passports, forcing they repay transportation?
Thank you Senator.
Looks who's taking about repealing a bad law?  How about you finally getting on the right side of the affordable healthcare act?
Thank you for pushing for this, Senator.

OMG John -STICK TO AT LEAST 1 TOPIC AT A TIME-IF IT CAME UP FOR A VOTE YOU'D VOTE THE OPPOSITE WAY ANYWAY -YOU ALWAYS DO!!
Thank you 
I’m so proud of you that I could vote for you for the presidency and I’m a democrat!! 
Thanks!!!
Thank you, Senator for fighting so hard.....to do what is right for the American people.
Retire John, your effectiveness left once you left the Republican Party.
You called for it two days ago - why did it take so long for the President to respond?
I honestly don't care who gets the credit, but the bigger picture of getting the assistance out there! Proud
Thank u Sen McCain. Jones Act is archaic
8 days late, that's not a good thing!
Boats primarily built in the US? What kind of BS is that anyway? SMH. What a travesty to ignore PR this long. Glad relief is on its way.
It's a 100 year old bull 
Was 10 days what you had in mind?
@weareoversight @RandPaul @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @MikeLeeforUtah #  #PuertoRico #Racist45Golfer  #USSComfort #USCitizens #PRHELPNOW
Thank you for supporting this move! My family thanks you. Now we just need to get more boots on the ground still can’t get a hold of my dad!
How many in Puerto Rico have suffered and died while he took his sweet time?  NFL issues were far more important.
For the Virgin Islands too?
If any repealing is done, we'll start w/Obamacare
You sir need to retire.  All you do is devide and act like a petulant three year old because he was insulted and didn't get his way.
You just described Donald Trump.
The point is that he is a politician who is suppose to serve the people & he's not doing so. Interesting how you deviate from THAT subject.
He wouldn't vote on a bill without knowing its effects... Blindly voting on things is Pelosi garbage. We are supposed to be better.
Really!!! Interesting how eager he was to repeal anything when Barry was POTUS. My how the tide has changed! Both parties are useless.
Saw a post that evacuees are being forced to sign promissory notes to repay cost of aid. Can you verify or debunk this?
You tell em John
You FAILED us on healthcare - when will you FINALLY repeal Obamacare to give working people lower rates?  @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP
I can't get past tRump saying the shipping companies don't want the act lifted They're my "friends". WTF? People are dying!!!!
Are you gloating over this? You are a petty self serving embarrassment to the senate! Quit
Please retire or change parties.  Your an embarrassment to the people who voted for you!
Trump is the best. Thank you president Trump.
Thank you once again for advocating for we the people.  Once again a hero.  I you Senator McCain.
10 days late but who is counting? Oh The Citizens of PR who are DYING!Why don't YOU draw up articles.of impeachment?Be a Maverick 1 mo time!
Senator why do you continue to attack the Trump Administration?
What will the #PuertoRico transport fee money go to? When will the Puerto Ricans get their passports back? This is outrageous.
Thank you for putting the pressure on to make it happen.
, you are exactly correct it’s a law to rip off Americans
praise God. Let's save some lives!
Hawaii, Guam ?
#ThankYouSenatorMcCainYouRule
Thank you.   I don't have relatives there, but they are citizens and must be helped.
Let's not forget that 1 vote!
Thank you Sen John McCain for all you do and your support and standing up for the American people, especially with health care.
CC @SpeakerRyan
Thanks sir for your efforts. U represent what America really stands for. from
Thank you!!!
But for only 10 days. Sad!
......and about time!!!
Hoping you can get this act repealed ASAP!  The folks on PR are desperate!
Shut up you wast of fucking space. Its swamp draining time and you need to be the first one flushed out to the shithole.
Thank you!!
Yes to the yes!!!
Thank you for your foresight.
Explain what foreign ships will aid PR you know only US will be aiding bankrupt PR it solves nothing
Thank you Senator McCain. Now please send PR sufficient numbers of military personnel to get the needed aid to our people! The response has been agonizingly slow! How many people will die due a broken supply chain?
Keep up he honorable work, Senator. Thank you!
Thank you, Senator. Proud of your leadership here.
Repeal it!
Thank you, again!
Thank you for pushing him.
RT
https://twitter.com/AKHLASS1/status/913505696305504256 …
#AirDropsinPuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRico
@FEMA_Brock @fema @uscg Please use helicopters to drop supplies in the areas you can't reach b4 more people die

…
Thank you for keeping attention on this. Puerto Rico shouldn't be penalized for the benefit of special interests.
I am a card-carrying Democrat and I love you Senator McCain. God bless you for your service to our great country. #Patriotism
For ten days, Senator.  Thank you for your work against this injustice.

I so wish you were POTUS instead of the crazy orange man!  You are amazing.  Thank u for all u r doing.
CONGRESS needs to REPEAL Obama Care, or the lying senator's that RAN their campaigns on REPEAL of it, and then ABANDONED the voter's!!
You need to get all the facts before you make statements like this.
Thank you for being there for people while battling an awfull disease. Take as much care of yourself as you do for the people you help
Introduce the bill!
Please lead the #GOP to an impeachment of #45 it is necessary for the good of the nation and we need your leadership there as well...
GOOD PEOPLE, DO GOOD THINGS JOHN
Thank you, Senator, for acting as the conscience of your party.
Thank you John McCain may God smile on you.
Go Away John, as long as you have the best of the best Cadillac healthcare, Screw the rest of us with Obamacare!
10 Days its not enough! Trump has never been to war or lived Chaos. He has never needed anything or gone hungry. He has NO empathy NOR sympathy for people in need. A billionaire has never knows or Understood need. This is the new CiC. "A closet dictator."
For 10 days. Which does no good. Needs to be waived for at least a year. (And ideally, permanently).
Trump doesn't kill people, hurricane's do
Educate yourself on #JonesAct. Waiving only provides feel good quick fix & not good for long-term recovery. But it's all about appearances
Yes, it makes no sense to have outdated laws on the books when we have emergencies!
You are always lying ! Go away John.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain . Its a disgrace that it took Trump so long to help save the US Citizens in Puerto Rico.
Trump has gotten stuff done.  Why isn't the senate upholding their end?  Get some work done already.
Why don't you finally retire? POTUS has done more in few months than you have your entire political career!
Thank you Senator McCain for keeping the pressure up!
It took him way too long to do this.  Does he not feel that PR is part of the US? Or do the accents throw him off?
The delay was disgusting!   So ashamed of our President!
It's been 8 days, & Trump needs to focus on 3.5 million US citizens desperately in need, & not NFL! Need 6000+ more troops & 200 helicopters
As a caregiver 4same disease u r fighting.I'm asking u2 please resign. Ur tumor/treatment Can&WILL affect cognition&behavior#DoTheRightThing
finally? really John? First you have been in office for many years why havent you & rest gotten rid of JonesAct before now if its so bad?
HEY JOHN could you repeal OBUMMERCARE so I can get some on my money back 50% increase!!! How about that huh???
But only for 10 days... it's not enough.
Now you are for the repeal of something.
No shit
Your promises to repeal things seem kinda empty...
Thank you for your efforts Senator!!! 
Thank heavens. Thanks John McCain. Puerto Ricans deserve the same help as all Americans 
But you failed to Repeal Obamacare for Americans. Sad!
