Trump said that, are you trying to take credit for something?
. Liberals hate The military. It takes money from entitlement voters they need. Libs want to pay people not to work.
That is false. Some of us "libs" served in the military.
. Did you serve yourself? Doubt it
No, but my husband is a cold war vet that protected our country from your president's friends.
just seeing it now John, Russia and China have just been pounding there new weapons Iran went from nothing to 1/2 Middle East
no, need to stay out of war
we are both military Academy graduates and neither of us in our lifetime can recall a victory
EDUCATION HAS BEEN SHORT CHANGED FIR YEARS
you and Obama have shortchanged this country not just the armed forces.
starting with never saying our SEALS "failed".
McCain has been there since forever. Why has he not already done something about this?
How about the healthcare we were promised? Most of what I was promised when I joined is now gone or eroded terribly. Shame.
POTUS is already on it
r u Rip Van Wrinkle asleep for the past 8 Obama years.
what does it mean to win in an era of military diplomacy that is no longer based on strategic control?
More so than being sent to Iraq on fake intel, no armored vehicles, poor political support, POTUS tells US to take vacations.
Russia has a KBG agent as President, we have a reality TV "star". Putin won and we didn't even know it.
hey muppet. Start taking your meds again.
We should make sure that all Veterans have access to good jobs and healthcare before we ever consider sending them to war.
we do Colorado girl. We do. We have more jobs programs than u can shake a stick at.
Veteran homeless rate is higher than  national average (both should be zero) so then those need to be improved.
Dolores Alfond, 11 NOV 92....do you remember how you attacked her during the hearing ?  There's a place in Hell for traitors.
Where were you as POTUS candidate challenging your pal obama's USC, ART 2, SEC 1, CLAUSE 5 ineligibility ?  Tell us Songbird.
Let's talk about troops... do you remember the troops that you betrayed, Songbird?
You're a disgrace! You've done nothing for the vets who need healthcare. Climb back under the rock you shared with obama.
u know who's filled the gap? @TroopsDirect - you must talk to them! They know where our govt fails troops. Support them!
Military has been short changed and had stupid rules of engagement. This is what the Dems do when they are in power.
Throw the rest of the Illegals out and put another 46 Billion on Defense, another Aircraft Carrier would be nice
You know that your party obstructed financial support of military past 8 years.  #countrybeforeparty #youcanthandlethetruth
McCain as phony and fake as CNN.
I respect you but ridiculous stmt. we r going run up the deficit. In Any mil action don't have the political will to execute
u r right I know where we can get $38 billion dollars stop funding #israeli terrorist
McCan you were there the last 8 years it was on your watch why don't you lose your Pride and Help DJTrump get things done
Why do they keep asking a traitor and @georgesoros butt kisser anything about the military? @MadDogMattis
please show American people you're above empty words and call for independent investigation of #Trumprussia and #Sessions !!
Defense lobby celebrating as their establishment hack fights for more funding for them.
What are they going to win? Afghanistan is still undefeated. We will never defeat terrorism either. Try new strategy.
Win what, end game for Trump/Bannon is war, we all know that!
Wasn't it the Republican's sequestration that "shortchanged" the military?
Saying the military has been shortchanged is an act of insanity. Has the Senator never seen the military budget?
with sincere respect to you, we know US military has not been short changed. Let's start changing the tone of our dialogue.
You were there the last 8 years. Why now, finally have a leader? Let's see if you can once again follow. 894/899
how about a raise so they don't live in poverty or qualify for WIC sir??
You are no longer trusted. You are a traitor to the Republican Party,a Supporter of Soros/Obama's Socialist-Cultural Jihad
TRAITOR
We don't need military to fight our biggest enemy, just impeachment.
Senator I'm an army veteran and I'm extremely concerned about the amount of waste I saw in the service. Look how much was 1/
pilfered in Iraq. How can we have better oversight because there was none in Iraq or Afghanistan.
And who's fault is that....
Reminder for you and your BFF @LindseyGrahamSC. @BarackObama didn't take arming Ukraine out of the GOP platform. trump did.
Don't you think smarts is needed instead of having a nuke for everyone. Seems to me the military has wasted millions. So sad.
Yet we spend much more than any nation on earth. What are we getting for $. If we are getting $ worth ok but are we?? ?
why not give them a respectable paycheck?
Sure, right after we handle RU communications. Senator??
What did you do during those last 8 years?????????? Kiss Obama's butt
Gee, I wonder if GOP focus on OMG DEFICITS ARE GOING TO KILL US CUT EVERYTHING might have something to do with that
Shortchanged? I remember them burying a report that showed Rampant waste of their Allocated funds, Maybe clean that up first?
We should not fund the military: planes, ships and guns until we first fund jobs and healthcare for veterans
And raise taxes to pay for it?
Respect, but we need new tools of war, not old ones. War happens via the internet these days, Putin owns us.
yes me must support our troops by trumps EO taking child care from the military does NOT support there efforts
the military takes up enough of our budget already.  There needs to be a review of current spending before more $
Obama's fault ! 
you finally said something right you lefty puppet
@GOP is to blame. They refused to pass a budget and extend the debt ceiling.
ahhh again spend money we don't have
@AloEV213 You talk the talk, Senator, but when it comes to actually doing something, you just talk more.  We need action.
Yes and that is what Our @POTUS is doing! He knows what's going on in HIS ADMINISTRATION! He Will Take care of #USmilitary
The GOP blked everything Obama tried to do.
just like they were shortchanged after Vietnam? Wait a minute, didn't you have something to do with that?? yeah.. you did.
Give the troops a Commander-in-Chief who isn't compromised by our adversaries.
No John. Not more. Better.
Give it up already. Most heavily funded military in world. BY A MILE. Spend money where it is NEEDED Senator. OR RETIRE.
exactly, we already spend more than the next several countries combined but can't take care of vets?
sorry but until you clean up the waste not a penny more. Do YOUR job
