.@SenJohnMcCain If you are sincere, now is the time to speak out against DT's immigration policies.  We should be a humanitarian country.
Another MUST READ for you & Trump are stomping all over our CONSTITUTION! https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/28/opinion/donald-trumps-muslim-ban-is-cowardly-and-dangerous.html?_r=0 …
I use to believe you were true & strong about our country and all that you fought for but with @realDonaldTrump U R like him!
He is nothing like Trump. Trump HAS a brain and a spine!
shame on you Senator for not speaking out about the appalling suspension visas for Muslims
Once they come in and attack and pillage, hopefully you will be one of the first! Karma!
You obviously do not. When they begin their atrocities, are you going to step up and take responsibility?
. @SenJohnMcCain @azcentral so great you became enlightened so fast after the election, I just wish you would have done so sooner. #Resist
All of you paid anarchists and traitors are disgusting. Paid by a Nazi to destroy this nation. Unreal!
"paid?" No one had sent me a check! What am I missing?
Why aren't you stepping up as a former POW to aid and assist foreigners being brutalized by their country's regimes?
You are being fooled. These people only hate, kill, and do other things. We do not want these monsters here!
you're a terrible bigot. I've taught "these people" & worked with "these people." You shame your god.
I'm cautious of people whose actions don't match their words. Thank you #ChristiansAgainstMuslimBan
It's time for you to step up to the plate and fight this megalomaniacal despot who was Putin the White House.
You are a traitor. That is clear.
Mexico sends criminals 2 us intentionally.Their primary income from ppl in U.S. sending $ made..
We have a country to save. Not just Arizona. Stay focused.
purposely obtuse? PROPER VETTING
No it's NOT a Muslim ban, you hysterical morons.

SHARE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNu4xU9qOEM … 
Thank you for speaking the truth. A wall is a monument to racism. A huge waste time & money. A childish response based on fear & ignorance.
Really? Then why do you have locked doors on your house? Paid by a Nazi traitor.
Mexico wants to fight crime...keep criminals in MEXICO!
What are you going to do about the GOP president blocking Muslims with visas who helped us in Iraq from entering our country?
Why don't you move to Iran?
Just surrender your state to Mecico like the traitorous Democrat that you are!
That's a good one. MX fighting crime? MX is patently CORRUPT
please know I'm a liberal and I'm. Praying for you senators. I respect you. My hero
. @SenJohnMcCain your silence about the #muslimban is so disappointing. I had more expectations from you. How can you stand for this?
Move them all into your house and neighborhood.  There is no Muslim ban!
What on earth happened to your sense of decency, decorum and defiance?
Defiance against a good leader is defiance to God. Your fate is sealed for wishing evil upon others.
Then do something about it.  See that Trump is IMPEACHED!
You need to be investigated and arrested! Paid by a Nazi to defy OUR president!
NO THEY DONT  Mexico can self destruct for all I care  we should shut down ALL tourism
BUILD THE WALL, Immediately deport criminals, work with dreamers after the wall is done
McCain swallows Ho Chi Minh and sodomizes boy Graham
if this is the case, then why aren't you speaking up against #thewall?  #NoBanNoWall
Building a strong diplomatic agreement(not a wall) between nations will benefit citizens.
so no comment on the Muslim Ban?

No it's NOT a Muslim ban, you hysterical morons.

SHARE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNu4xU9qOEM … 
Instead of subtweeting Trump, how about you actually do something to stop his agenda?
How about you stop your Sedition? You should be arrested!
BUILD THE WALL!!! Deport criminal aliens! Work with Dreamers if they r productive & law abiding
No citizenship EVER for illegals even if we allow them to stay. Only permanent residence!
there are tunnels underground everywhere!  No wall. More $$fines and deport felons.
How about your 10-point border plan you promised LAST election? Liar. Democrat in disguise.
work with a Mexican leader working with the drug cartel???
@POTUS A wall will not prevent  Face-to-face meetings with AGs of Mexico.  Ridiculous argument
@POTUS On article: well then the AZ AG is not doing a very good job, he hasn't stopped anything.
No, actually we don't. You come and here commit a crime you get the hell out. Simple as that!!
RINO!! https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/825674954838593542 …
Bullshit! They need to work with us!
Mr. McCain, America is counting on you to rally the troops to stop Trump!
See what happens Senator when you accept these cabinet choices and their boss
I'm not afraid of Muslims. I'm afraid of RINO/democrats who are against vetting to make sure they don't want to kill me
you're not doing a very good job, and now you're to old. retire.
@POTUS is doing as promised, get on board!
Step up to the plate, Senator. You know we don't need a wall in AZ. Don't say, "wall or not".
There are good ways to work with Mexico and have a wall! Stop the drugs! The isis coming in!!!
now glad u didn't become president and think I voted for u
We have a $60 Billion Trade deficit with Mexico , last year Obama gave Mexico $380 Million Aid
Fuck GeneralBrnovich, his opinion doesn't matter now that Flynn & Toadboy Bannon run Natl Sec!
Did you hear an Iraq war vet drove 2 hours to Dulles to protest, saying that this isn't right?
You were silent yesterday while Supreme Leader stomps on our Constitution.  Where is your voice?
your silence on the #muslimban is deafening.
Get Trump and Bannon out of the White House. Stop this egomaniac enact the 25th amendment please!
Nah, start trade wars with all as China fills voids. We'll have bilats w/Brexit & CCCP, though.
your silence is deafening
you just won reelection and you can't even stand up to Lumpy.
Because Arizona needs to sell more weapons to drug cartels
where are you?  How can you sit quietly?!? #NoBanNoWall #NotWhoWeAre #thisisnotnormal
Trump is a fascist demagogue and so anti-American.
because you said nothing about the Muslim ban you're done on the world stage.
you need to stand up for ALL Americans & Arizona to fight for OUR rights against Trump
Bannon on the principals committee! Dir of national intell & Joint Chiefs of Staff out! HELP US!
please speak out against the Muslim ban. It's against everything America stands for.
why aren't you speaking out against trump
What are you going to do? Writing soft papers doesn't get the job done. Be specific.
What are you doing about the out-of-control Interim President and his #SwampCabinet?

Surely then you must stand against trumps muslim ban with all the humanitarian help we offer refugees everywhere
https://twitter.com/Finkelmeister/status/825622822177214464 …
You're really okay with this coup right now? Putin calling the shots and you're okay with it? Sad.
Changes at NSC? Joint Chief out, Bannon in? What's going on? The Ban is bad this is worse.
This is your moment man. WTF? It's time to speak up and gain the respect from the majority of Americans!
Asleep at the wheel. Great job.
Bannon has no place on the National Security Council. This needs to be immediately addressed:
You are a great American War Hero   Did you risk your life to have this happen? #MuslimBan Speak out NOW
Trump places Bannon on Sec Council and removed the Joint Chiefs and Ntl Security Director! Not ok
OK, no wall in Arizona. Step 1. Step 2: Get that madman out of office; he just replaced Jt Chiefs
You, @SenJohnMcCain @GeneralBrnovich @azcentral, should ask @POTUS to read this article.
Bannon as joint chief of NSA not going 2 work. Do on sat pm. Know fishy #standup @potus has lost it.  Gone crazy
Stand up 2 POTUS. Muslim ban Wrong.  Unconstitutional.  Someone has to b first 2 take stand. Be 1
SPEAK UP. This is CHAOS.
And you need to work with potus, not against him and you know what? I'm embarrassed of you
.@SenJohnMcCain Please do the right thing.
#DHS at #DullesAirport must respect the court order
DHS refuses to allow us access to detained at Dulles despite federal court order. Please tweet to all congressmen.
Bridges, not walls!
Dear Sir, your party's silence on the Muslim ban is deafening?  We need your moral courage.  Please speak up.
if only the border states had to pay for the wall, I'm certain they would want Mexico 2 pay first
I'm a US citizen and will be visiting family in India soon. How do I know #MuslimBan won't extend to all brown people?
will I be allowed back in the country or will other countries be arbitrarily included in the #MuslimBan?
SPEAK UP
Do you have any intention of addressing the refugee ban, or standing up for american values?
Why was Steve Bannon given control of the executive branch?
NO WALL!!!!!
You fought for our liberties once before, and for that you are a hero. Be a hero one more time and save us from a catastrophic religious war
Remember when you were a maverick? We need you now!
12 hours and no reference to the #MuslimBan?!  Senator McCain - I always saw you as the reasonable #republican!  #sad
why have you said nothing
you should have more to say to America right now. GOP please step up & stop Trump wrecking USA
Why are you silent? What did you fight for?
Why do you remain silent on the Muslim ban?? The future of our country depends on you-you must stand up.
please please please show yourself to be a man of integrity. Stand up to this insanity.
are you alright with Bannon getting even more power?
Keep fighting against @realDonaldTrump
Senator We need you to be courageous and stand up for justice.  Be America's hero again.
mr McCain why are you all standing by and letting this crazy man keep kill the country..?
any thoughts on the Muslim ban? We are still waiting!!!
Hey, Leninist Steve Bannon just replaced JCS on National Security Council. Anything to say?
I'm going to ask a question: Why don't you all BURN DOWN the Drug fields? You know where they are
Easier to feed those people than spend billions to try & stop cartels NO ? Just a thought.
White Supremacist has banned Muslims.  NOW he's replaced Chief of Staff on NSC. Is THIS the America you fought for? Bannon?!
How can you stand for @realDonaldTrump blocking refugees etal from the US? The is insane! Is your conscience allowing this!?!
You should be ashamed of the party of which you're a member, and of yourself for helping create it.
history has its eyes on you. Are you going to be silent or be America's moral conscience?
@SpeakerRyan Thinking about my grandparents parents.Immigrants welcomed to this country.Perhaps reread Matthew 25:43-46
PLS talk with @SenJeffMerkley about this: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/28/opinion/donald-trumps-muslim-ban-is-cowardly-and-dangerous.html?_r=0 …  Stand up and be STRONG for our Constitution !!
Why are you not outraged today by Trump's ban on Muslims?   It is unimaginable that you condone this president's actions!   SHAME ON YOU
You need to speak up on this un-American ban. Putting our military at risk. #Countrybeforeparty
where are you?? Stand up to this chaos. We need your voice
Yes please! @SenJohnMcCain We know you are watching. When is it enough? This is only the first week.
Must craft a win-win; MEX must take ownership of challenges to improve; U.S. must encourage
We are all Mexicans now.....bull.
impeach trump
hey, you're not banging Putin tho, right? It's ok if you are just wondering
#MuslimBan is immoral and puts our troops/nat'l security at risk, you must denounce
You must denounce Trump! #NoBanNoWall
Screw the wall. Where's your voice against today's insanity? Showing your true colors senator.
after this Muslim ban mess (9/11) because of business interest. Mayors have more backbone. Shame
every year Arizona can vote like in Switzerland more or less guest workers
@realDonaldTrump
You know what's a must-hear? You, taking a stand against the unconstitutional #MuslimBan
you need to stop trump! He's not just some crazy man...he is an evil man with a plan!
SenMcCain! Please address this Flynn/NSA reorganization?!?!
Please help!  Save this country before Our democracy and values are destroyed!
Where's your voice today? You are a national hero. Don't let this administration become part of your legacy.
It's sad you will finish your career on the wrong side of history and a disgrace John.
Why can't you do something about this chaos?! Trump & Bannon are taking us all down. What are you doing about it? #MuslimBan
#supportthetemporaryban
It's time to stand up to @realDonaldTrump's ridiculous and short-sighted immigration proposals. #NoBanNoWall
it doesn't make us safe. I hope you do your job and uphold your commitment to us.
What about Muslim ban? Be the man I respect.
I am counting on you to stop 45He said you're no hero because you were shot down! Show that you can be a hero again
lead against the Muslim Ban. This is not what you fought for. History will judge all of us on how we stand here and now.
#NoBanNoWall #NoHate #RespectMexicans #NoDiscrimination #removeTrump & accomplices. If U don't speak out You're an accomplice
#McConn should resign in disgrace, letting our veterans die. Shameful
#maga
we got ur back senator.  Protect our constitution like never before.
thank you for taking a stand for what's moral and kind. Please don't stop.
How's that Electoral College working out for us so far? Time for a change.
Support the president. He is the best president we ever had in recent history. Ppl love him.
really think building a wall will help AZ? Want that on your conscience? AZvoters don't want this. Where's your spine, sir?
please stop the insanity
nothing about the ban put in place?  Shame on you
Threatening Trump over Russia but YOU NEVER HAD THE BALLS TO OPPOSE OBAMA. BECAUSE BLACK OR MASON
Lighten Up A Little!!!!!
This is totally unacceptable.
Lots of respect for .@SenJohnMcCain but where is your voice against Trumps immigration ban on Muslims. Let's call it what it is.
John, what have you done to fight illegal immigration? A lot of talk and more talk and more talk. Trumps actually trying to do something.
A__Hole! You're sick, mean, conniving, & OLD! We are going to investiagate your STRANGE reelection! No matter that CNN helped
McCain just be a democrat. You leaked false information in hopes to undermine Trump. Retire!!!
My father did not fight at Chosin so his gov't could trample on the Constitution. Muslim ban? I'm ashamed to be American.
Ur silence on Muslim ban is disturbing.  Ur complicit in allowing Trump 2 place country at risk.
Your silence will be remembered by history, like those who turned back Jews during the holocaust.
fick you
this is your guy and he is making us unsafe. Please do something.
you need to rally your sensible GOP and do something or we will not forget.
how many years have you had to work with Mexico?  Duh, Duh, Duh, Duh! You need to quit!
Still have some respect 4 u, but if u do NOTHING, ur name will go down in history as a traitor.
how can the Republican Party back what is happening. This Muslim ban is against our constitution HELP
I am a die hard republican. Voted straight ticket except trump. How long is our part going to put up with this.
#Mexico needs to work with #Arizona.  You Senator need 2 work with @potus.  President Nieto IS!
