Corrupt politicians like you undermine our democracy by taking $ from Soros and Clinton's bundler. Ultimate RINO.
What about the Russian plot to overthrow democracy in USA, & install one of their money-laundering puppets?
there is no plot. there is no russian hacking
@POTUS opposes human rights himself along w anyone willing to go along w healthcare reform that hurts the people & lines pockets of wealthy
You say this, but yet you quietened @SenKamalaHarris when she questioned Sen Sessions about Russia. Playing both sides Senator?
she is annoying
McCain just wants to throw us into another War  , he could care less about Russia, McCain = RINO
As Lincoln said, fighing fire with fire does not work in the long run.
LIAR!
You have consistently displayed the best traditions of the military code of honor.  Run for POTUS again.
You gotta be kidding.
Yeah,u said john put that Russian hypocracy back in its quiet place,& put America 1st again!
Pak Army is doing the same with the help of courts?
Thank you for exposing ongoing breaches of sovereignty & international law/s by R -
This is true
Do something positive for us and get 100% behind our President.
Stop fronting McCain. Do your talking with your votes.
No one cares
Sir, thank you for your service and for being a kickass NOC. You sir, are a badass. That is all. #USA
Why is this man talking??? Retire already will you.
Texan, still making foolish comments? Consider tossing out that computer of yours to stop embarrassing yourself to the world.
Lol, great comeback! Didn't mean to offend you. Go back to your safe space.
I just don't want such a fool as you to be representative of all of the U.S..
Very funny, u don't even know me & u call me a fool. Maybe u could try a intelligent discussion on issues, but it's easier 2 call me a fool.
If you want an intelligent discussion then start off that way.
I believe we ALL matter in this country.
You know your avatar is a contradiction in itself. Captain America exemplified a boy scout where as Trump does not.
Then why Sen. McCain are you playing along with the treasonous GOP members?
Are none among you patriots? Certain men have always been first to chest their way up to the front for a promise of action. Do it, damnit!
Senator, keep up your fight against Russia. They are not our friend!!
Doesn't that comment apply more to ourselves? We the people put the GOP in control.
He has been the only voice in opposition to the GOP dogma, so please don't whip the only horse going our way. Tell him you'll support him.
I don't agree with all his decisions. Again he's the only horse, so see what happens if you back him. Getting to costly to not join forces.
It's ease being a backseat driver to someone else's life but more difficult to get someone to abandon those they once called friends.
Please don't ram down our throats a healthcare bill without an honest pro and con debate. Please, Please...
Russia also plotted to overthrow democratic gov't of U.S.A. b/c it opposes democracy, human rights & rule of law. Success?
Russia has enough problems, trying to take over America is not very logical...
So they were just having some fun interfering with our elections... I feel SO MUCH BETTER 
How did they interfer in our elections. 6 different investigations and not 1 piece of proof of anything except democrats breaking the law.
OMG. Do you live under a rock? Or do you just watch Fox News? Our intelligence agency have ALL stated it is fact. Do you not believe them?
**agencies
And as far as the investigations that are ONGOING.... since when does the FBI and CIA publish evidence of ongoing investigations?
There are no ongoing investigations, and not 1 agency has said they did anything. They all said Russia had no impact on our election.
You are actively trying to take out President Trump and 63 million people voted for him your a idiot. Keep listening to Gorge souras
Thank you, Sen, for your dedication and willingness to speak out on critical issues without regard for political affiliation.
Ok, suspend Russian Embassy Operations & expel Ambassador till a formal apology by Russian Gov..
Oh Yes, they May meddled just like the USA has, really... But Stop blaming Them for Your Democrats Trying To Hide Your Corrupt Plots....

WRONG no proof they even hacked so how can you make allegations to what they would of done or trying to do.
Thank you. And, please walk the talk and act accordingly. Put country before party for this and for #Trumpcare.
And yet, he'll still vote in favor of everything the GOP pushes through. So much for for that "maverick" nickname.
do something useful John Mccain
Ok. So if the probe finds your buddy at WH guilty, will you stand for the country Senator or will you bury your head in snow?
Right, Ukraine comes to mind, Senator.
You're the worst republican ever.  That's because really you are communist liberal who like Obama wants to overthrow our government.
So, why haven't you raised holy hell about them hacking our elections? Stop being a hypocrite and start being a leader.
As Traitor John screams Russia it's his radical islamic terrorist that's threatening our country along w/his funder Soros
Hells a wait n 4ya
John, just like Vietnam, you were a Traitor then & a traitor now. You'll use our children for wars to enrich your pockets.
Pack up your lies & move on!
Nobodies buying your scheme to include little Montenegro into NATO for yet another excuse for war w/Russia
You know if we get a guilty charge on Clinton for her foundation you are next. We know youre disturbingly connected to Soros. #swampcreature
WE SHOULD BE CONCERNED THAT THERE IS ALSO A PRIVATE PLOT TO LET 27 MILLION AMERICANS NOT BE COVERED FOR HEALTH CARE. ARE YOU BRIBED JOHN
Stop this Bull Shit about Russia,focus on Radical Muslims,you war monger!!!
yes.
Why doesn't this ass wipe traitor go away.
Yes America knows this only one that doesn't agree is your boss don the con.. He loves russia
If it becomes clear the US pres sold our country to Russia, what will you do?
You should write fictional story books. You could have a great future!
Senator Duality.  Bring some integrity back to the GOP.
Still sorry you or someone convinced you to select Sarah Palin; however she fits in perfectly with the @realDonaldTrump duck dynasty admin
And the US is implicit in this misdeed as many believe @POTUS Russian connections deeper than intelligence is willing to share with public
Is this really news John?  Don't you have some work to do for the US yet?
I believe that McCain and other RINO's just want to start a war.
McCain you talk a lot but when it comes right down to it you're spineless
McCain is so jealous of Trump.   He loves the swamp. Bad for America.
Losing respect since you became a RINO. Now I hear you're taking money from SOROS??? LOST respect.
It would be great if @SenJohnMcCain was concerned about Russia trying to overthrow the democratic gov't of the United States #impeach45
Grow a set, buddy. Stop your whimpering and use your vote. You can go down as a traitor or as a man who fought for the citizens of the USA.
John you talk a lot but Do Nothing but vote party line..have some dignity and if you must vote your beliefs as a Republican and stop your BS
But, you'll still vote for the republican healthcare bill, and continue to screw your constituents and our country. Put up or shut up.
@tedcruz Obamacare raise the fee?
Who says that? I war ciminal neocon who kills civils all over the wold under false flags. Liar.
@tedcruz save citizen is this time goal of policies. @WhiteHouse lost their goal. Go to bankrupt?
i have medicine copy from USA's but erase restriction of Medicine Companies, many citizen never get medicine. Canada? From Texas?
And McCain opposes the will of the U.S. electorate in not supporting Pres Trump in passing his agenda.  RINO
So DO something about it
Stand up to Trump and the rest of the corrupt members in the Senate
Until you stop voting party lines and make this administration accountable, anything you say is invalid. You have some power. Use. It.
ever heard of walk softly carry a big stick? don't wear your fears on your sleeve like some emo millennial fall in line w/ @realDonaldTrump
Pls don't vote for an Evil Healthcare bill. It will only cause more crimes. Sick people need the health attention.
John, one more brilliant idea for you: Ru hackers changed a route of a container ship to collide with the US NAVY vessel.
Crooked thinking
Prayers for you in appreciation of your character and voice
Retire
Remind of former President George W Bush, his big works-ruined USA n World economy.
You are useless. Vote against Trump, just once.
Nothing you say matters unless you vote against the republican health care -- that is a joke--bill. Please do the right thing.
Such a humiliating embrasisng failure for Russia. Montenegro showed it was much more powerful than Russia! Montenegro crushed russsia!
Takeaway is putin is pathetic and has no power and us Should do more to oust him.
#TheBananaRepublicOfShamerica
And the dbag u sometimes criticize but do nothin is still in the WH.Hes got putin all over him.DO SOMETHING!!!!!!
After this Georgia election does it now tell you, get off your back biting butt and be a republican
US have done the same in Iran 1953 coup. US is the last country which is deserve to talk about global values.
Needs to b stopped!!
This rino gets money from George soros hate McCain
Meanwhile, your Turtle McConnell and @GOP comrades are ready to deny healthcare to millions
Your foolish behavior at the hearing, certainly solidifies your help in trying to derail President Trump. Arizona will finally see you
I cant believe youv sold out Mr. McCain. Looks like your following the examle of the Clintons. Shame on you. Will Vote You Out!!
Am I the only one who feels he cares more about Montenegro than he does your family? He loathes the average US citizen. RETIRE
Russia was testing Trump's willingness to play the clown, as in the moment he tanked past Montenegro's P.M. & posed a la Mussolini. A fool!
You must be very concerned... Lol.. #trumpsuks #fakepatriot... Stand up to the tyrant
Sen McCain, I applaud you for your efforts to defend America in Vietnam.

Please defend American's right to affordable healthcare.
Buddy noone care's about Wgat u have to say why Aint u saying how many country's u and  undercover DEMOCRATS ine USA overthrow
Whatever John Mccain say do the opposite and you'll be safe.
Not sure senator if you read your replies on Twitter my concern is ahca no bill but vote next week? I remember the Senate saying they would
Never move as fast as the house that the Senate is more adult responsible I'd like to tell you my concerns, 1st my son who was wearing his
Helmet on a motorcycle was struck by a car merging into my 19yr old son's lane. Had he not been wearing a helmet I might have faced losing
Another child, my daughter passed away at 17. If it weren't for aca my son would end up with a debt over $200k for no fault of his own. Now
Myself & my 10yr autistic boy. Both pre-existing conditions I went through financial issues SO I started cash paying for our Dr visits but
Ahca will charge me more for the both of us bc pre-existing & lapse. I'm 45 so I'll pay more. Tax breaks won't help if I can't buy insurance
& the tax break would barely scratch the surface of the cost of medical. I fall in 3 categories pre-existing, lapse, & age. Then there's my
Boyfriend, I lost my husband years ago & just this last week I almost lost my boyfriend he's now in the hospital diagnosed with several med
And the leader of your party is no help in this regard. Stop mealy mouthing and throw him under the bus. Go all in on that POS.
All talk.sad
You spelled America wrong - Russia is trying to overthrow OUR democracy & the GOP is letting them. Stand up Senator!
Then stand up to your puppet President!
This isn't the country that i deployed twice 4, I'm  dis vet. This health care & Russian stuff is literally killing me, @GOP doesn't care?
I guess $ won out & society lost. America had a good run 
Do something about it..so many nice speeches lately.
it's no worse then you and the democrats trying to overthrow our own president
so what are you gonna do about it? ask some dumb question about Hillary?
Start working with Trump,  or switch to Democrats.
And you will do nothing.
Russia Russia Russia    Its not working John
Well said sen. Now please do talk to some comedian n make it easy to understand for people like me. That's your duty.
Were they involved with the overthrow of Allende too?
Sounds like the US was a wonderful playbook on how to accomplish the unaccomplishable!
John McCain your the best friend democratic's could ever ask for republicans elected you republicans can send u home
Where was this fervor during the hearings? You seemed to be only concerned and confused abt HRC email investigation.
You mean that country with a leader that Trump shoved out of the way?

Hmmmm
Russian story biggest hoax ever perpetuated on the American people in my lifetime. And you pathetic old fool is leading the way.
Your funded by the enemy hypocrite. No wonder you got captured. Say hi to George Soros for us. Trump another 8
#GeorgeSoros? That old dude who does business with #JaredKushner in #NYC?That'll #MAGA! 
Do you think it is a coincidence that Putin's Puppet pushed Montenegro's president, at the G7?

YOU NEED TO BE CONCERNED WHERE YOU WILL SPEND ETERNITY AND THE LORD JESUS CHRIST'S CROSS IS THE ONLY ANSWER.
Russia has overthrown the democratic govt of US. Your party has aided & abetted this coup. When did you come to hate America?
Just like it plotted to suborn our democracy
It's the Russians the Russians !!!
Stop voting lock-step with your GOP cronies.
They did the same here. Yet the orange menace still has your support.  Shame on you Senator
No on wealthcare. No on Trumpcare.
And all you do is try to undermine the current President & his agenda. You lost in '08 not '16.
Song bird
@JeffFlake @SenFlakeStaff GOP is plotting to overthrow Obamacare b/c it opposes democracy, human rights & rule of law here at home
Time to Retire Sir
Is that why trump shoved the Pres. of Montenegro out of the way? Putin said to?
no different than our own nation building,  right?
PUTIN DOES NOT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT AMERICA 

HE HAS A PUPPET IN THE OVAL OFFICE 

TIME FOR THE REPUBLICANS TO UNITE FOR AMERICA NOT TRUMP$$
So let's partner up with them on cyber security right? Cmon Senator the man in the WH insulted your military service. How dare he
If only we had GOP senators willing to do something about the traitors among us. DO something Senator. We know you're "disturbed". Act!
Vote no on ahca
@harmonyis1 Do something to investigate who has worked and been supported by Russian operatives. Can I get my country back?
McCain talk big but votes against us when it counts. His patriotism has been bought unfortunately.
If you do want to save the country, quit & let someone else do your job. @senateGOP biggest threat to freedom
I hope he has an ounce of patriotism left to take this advise.
I hope it's enough to stand up just once for his Country
Russia also plotted to overthrow democratic govt of the US of AMERICA! Help us out in the Senate please'
He is off half the time and needs to shut up.  I thank him for his service.  But now he is a disservice
Yes, do something John!
You are having your cake and eating it too! I'm very troubled that you won't back your "beliefs" but impressed you get credit anyway!
Stop with the Russia obsession. We get it, Russia is bad. Do something to help #USA
And the US.
Nice try..  You orchestrated that with your buddy soros and his ngo's...
And 45 shoved the president of Montenegro.
And your GOP friends in the House are using procedural bullshit to block sanctions.
Your comments always bleed like a Democrat, it does appear you are a Democrat in a Republican skin! Traitor!
Is that why Trump shoved the Pres of Montenegro out of the way at the NATO meeting?
And what are you doing about the attack on the US that put a mentally ill menace in the White House?
Please do not repeal protections of AHA - especially preexisting conditions and healthcare access for children and seniors
The Russians did it, the Russians did it , give us a dam break
You say you havent seen the fake HC bill, will you vote for it anyway??
Counting on McCain to provide leadership to a weak GOP.  Afraid of their own shadow (Trump). Go John!
Glad to see you acknowledge this. Why won't the other Republicans & why won't they do anything about it?
You really want us to go to war with Russia don't you? BTW, never Trumper's like you & the left also oppose democracy & rule of law. RESIGN!
This is something that has been going on for decades one country against another. All those years in office and  what did you do about it?
we need term limits
Get outta here. Total warhawkish statement.  @SenJohnMcCain is a threat to national security and world peace
And why Trump shoved their leader?  What more do you need for impeachment Senator??
So, what's in that new Healthcare Bill?  Still waiting for some information.
But Spicer doesn't know if Trump thinks Russia attacked our election!  #VoteYourOssoff! GOP hiding Trumpcare will vote w no review!
Hey, song bird. Care to comment on this.
@SenJohnMcCain out of curiosity why do you continue to grandstand? You've been party over country this far
You sir have the clout to undo this bullshit. Others will follow you. Do you have the balls? #VoteNoAHCA
