McCain is a Soros puppet and a traitor to the USA.
Wish u would retire gracefully
Source please?
Thank you for always doing the right thing. I wish more Republicans will do the same instead of constantly buttering up with the liar
What about your coup with dems to undermine our democracy and president.
I'm tired of watching...DO SOMETHING @SenJohnMcCain PLEASE!!!
How did you get to this point? Having to deal with questionable xters in WH is sth American least expected. U now have a compromised CinC
I do really wonder if politicians are truly patriotic & sincere to their nation. How good it would be if we can all work together for better
Falling in line, behind the leader, like a good soldier, huh.....Captain Turtle and Captain drumpf.....
Go home
Too bad it is just huffing & puffing. When it comes to voting, you are just enabling Putin's man in the WH.
#Russia is #despicable
Like you are going to do anything, except say "that is troubling". How's your wife's job at the State Dept? He owns you now, we all know it.
or don't forget, "that concerns me"
Worry about our Country as much and see the results you get! Senior Chief USN ret
Please, Sen. McCain, be the hero we want you to be. Stand up for our country, against tyranny & a hostile foreign power aka our president!
Are you supporting a health care bill so bad that republicans refuse to release it to the public?  Shameful.  Bought/paid for by lobbyists

How about sticking up for your fellow vets who will suffer under the #AHCA 
What about you speaking on #trumprussia ?????????????????????????????????????

Your party already sold out to Russia.
Why are you not focused on getting the healthcare bill out in public! #ShowUsTheBill   #OpenHearings  #publicInput!
Hypocrisy is quick to erode any credible legacies of any leader.If u know what leadership is all about, u shd fix the Russian mess in the WH
Speak about the health care bill you are hiding #ShowUsTheBill
Kind of makes 45 shoving him aside relevent huh?
If you want Vladimir Putin Russia to change their behavior American leadership must change.
And we care about Montenegro exactly why?
Oh, now I get why Trump shoved the leader of Montenegro. Putin made him.
Could you maybe speak instead about awful #AHCA? Hold your @SenateGOP colleagues accountable?
Of course trump collided with Russia. You all do.
What about health care? Deliver universal health care!
You should be worrying about what @realDonaldTrump is doing here first instead of ignoring it by looking outside the Country
Arizonans are kinda sick of you. To bad we have 5 plus years left
@realDonaldTrump pushed the prime minister at summit few weeks ago, Putin attempts coup-normally these events might not be related-normally
thank you for recognizing the threat.  seems to me there is also a #russian threat  in #whitehouse.  #putinPuppet
Talk talk talk talk talk
Please focus on the secret Health care bill in the Senate. We deserve to see it before you pass it. I thought you were a Patriot.
remember when our President pushed the PM of Montenegro?
Do any R's care but you?
How will you break up the bromance between Putin and the traitor in the White House?
Did Putin give N Korea fix, acceleration on ballistic missiles?  As Syria with intervention?  What is your strategy? Addressing what issues?
What about your attempted coup here in the United States of America? Someone should address that...
Their leader is the guy Trump shoved aside at NATO photo op, right? Stand by.
Can you speak about releasing that healthcare bill as well? How it's unconstitutional to do that behind closed doors? Thanks.
The reason.... Schumer told them he wasn't going to have anything to do with it
Ah, ok. Feel free to believe that. Somehow I don't think McConnell cares what bit what Schumer says. He'd never give him that much power.
It came out of Schumers mouth. Research
When are you going to denounce the coup happening in America, Sir? When will you denounce the secret HC bill shenanigans? You're shameful.
How about the coup of the United States government by Russia and team Trump!  Let's start at home John!!
How about health care? For God's sake, so much is at stake for our fellow Americans.
Says the guy who got duped by Putins oligarchs in the back of a yacht. Secret back door deal gone bad. #TermLimits
What about speaking for your constituents and their right to #healthcare ??? #ShowUsTheBill #dontbeatraitor You're ruining your legacy!!
When will you take any actions?
yes, yes, Johnny, never saw a conflict he didn't want to just jump on in ....feisty ole' coot ain't yah? (now here, take your meds)
You., sir, should retire. Immediately. Period.
Oh hey look, its the do nothing kid.  Hows it going doing nothing?  Getting paid nicely for it.
Will be watching. :)
Oh, there you go, you wanted to rob the taxpayer again so you forced them onto the Security Council. No it isn't worth it.
What about the coup you are part of here?
