What have you done for the VA, with all the years you have been in politics .. please go home.
If we could only fire Senators that don't do their job..... @SenJohnMcCain would be a gonner
U were and are part of problem no oversight no balls. Betrayed veterans then and now.
Now that Trump is president you worry about VA. Where were you before that?
NY does it all the time and hence hey will too without bothering about lives getting destroyed
can you fire yourself?
it decayed on your buddies watch and you sat back and let it.  why are u so shameful? u still angry at trump 4 what he said? ru christian?
@WSJopinion if they are unable or unwilling to perform their job duties properly efficiently and fairly and especially
if they are in any way shape or form negligent then They SHOULD be removed immediately if not sooner
pardon my being abrupt or curt ..when I hear of people suffering because of negligence or carelessness it
puts me on edge because of how wrong it is especially when dealing with sick people ..that wasn't right you
don't deserve that so I apologize for that comment have a good day 
Congress needs to reform the Fed. Labor management relations statute and sim. So everyone else can be held accountable
Are you being treated at veterans hospitaloh I forgot u have an insurance that can choose any doctor you wish, unlike our vets and us w OC
What's your point Songbird? Too bad ppl can't fire you immediately.
Senator McCain....stick with the issue at hand today.  Don't brush this off.  #ImpeachTrump
And your point is what? It took you 30 years to get this law? Give Trump some credit for making it happen, with no help from you.

They never did before but I think they can now that Trump changed some things for the better.
ThNk God we have Trump VA Has improved greatly
It is about time,  we need to be able to fire any federal employees that do not perform there work
Get the VA out from under the Pentagon, than work to give them the budget they need to take care of our veterans, but you clearly don't care
This is exactly why I gladly pay for Obamacare even though I am a service connected disabled vet with Medicare.  VA broken!
No bureaucrats who work for government belong to lsbor unions, they cannot be fired no matter how incompetent they are.Thanks to politicians
@SenJohnMcCain can we fire you? #traitor #obamacare
John have a good rest and a nights sleep
The VA shld have looked into & fired many 30 yrs ago. I am upset that only now you r interested in the welfare of PHX!
Elon musk caught selling engines to iran and noko
Short answer is "no". Because corrupt SEIU has a grip on the system that protects even their most inept members from termination. No change.
Wish we could fire you. You tweet too much and act like you're a big deal when you're a rotten traitor plus worse
A Federal Agency "failed to pay its bills" fucking unbelievable
Not your place to judge. U chose hate for President, Party, State, Country and Voters over what's best for USA to get even. Your legacy now.
If we could only fire you!!
Can we fire you?
No.   And it's disgusting.    Wonder why you have not anything in your own state to help
Trump had nothing to do with it.
One thing good done by Congress. 
Aparently, Govt doesnt have to actually fire anyone they can just act as if never existed.
@NYGovCuomo, How Long?
YK
Hosp care given to the patriots who serve their country & protect our freedom. It's appalling.
Nothing can run efficiently if you cant get rid of poor performers.
Can we fire McCain? Now that is worth the effort. Vote the bum out.
Senator McCain what about your alliance to the Ukrainian right-wing group svoboda
Ronald Reagan took that dare and fired striking air traffic controllers.  Vets DESERVE him to be fired.
PLEASE GET RID OF TRUMP! HE IS DESTROYING OUR BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY 
I have a better question mr mccain. Can the people fire an entrenched crooked swamp creature from the senate?
Unions offer important protection and a voice, but this time, they have it wrong.  You can't protect an employee when their actions endanger
The VA hospital in Phoenix would  be a good place to start firing people.Horrible care and Sevice!
You can add Fort Myers & Bay Pines, FL, Nashville, TN, & Cheyenne &  Fort Collins, CO to the list also....horrible care! 1/2
The republicans won't impeach a White Supremacist president, so this is OK too! Stand up then rise up
I wish the VA could fire the POTUS
U tell me!! U have been in congress for how many years??  Y is it still so broken.  U deserve alot of the blame
stop tweeting and retire
You should  check with some of your other democrate friends.
No because we've allowed the bureaucrats too much in trench control in other agencies as well.

But you are big part of that problem.
The VA is a bureaucracy that is hostile to its purpose. Dissolving the VA Bureaucracy is the only way to clear out the parasites.

Actually, it's you we would like to fire, John.

But like the VA, we can't overcome entrenched K Street politicians.
I second that IVoteAmerica.
Can McCain vote with the Republicans?
Maybe you should focus on repealing Obamacare it hurts families and single parents and the budget
under Obama they couldn't be fired, I'm sure you voted for that you democrat. At least President Trump trying.
Yes. Now pass a Congressional Accountability Act so that we can FIRE YOU!
#donothingcongress
Judas.
https://twitter.com/jessekellydc/status/897098459655925760 …
Not a dog whistle, it's a bark.
