
Sir John McCain, please read Both side.
The "must read" is the will of the American people! Lose your bitterness!
Must-read Sen McCain will do or say anything for power
Senator,
To understand Rakhine state, read:
John, please retire and take care of your health. Your vote cost us Healthcare reform. Please let your Governor appoint your replacement
#Rohingya not has myanmar .they are #Bengali.they are attracked to police station ,Rakhine and Hindu .

Another Clinton/Obama disaster
If Burma doesn't have the economy to support them. The people live in slums will become terrorist
#SaveRohingyaMuslim's in #Burma
Many Rohingya Muslim's living by Border never
One of the most terrible atrocities going on in the world today and nobody knows about it!!!!!! Thanks Senator for bringing it to light..
We're not in the Nation Building Business, Senator!  CONGRESS can't do REGULAR ORDER why do you think they could succeed with this?
I have a suggestion. You go help them with ur millions$. We r stuck here paying for an insurance tax bill that you put upon us. Middle class


Well the continued nonsense of cover meant controls on agriculture, and just normal people over taxed and controlled, these issues get worse
Auto correct makes Government- cover meant. Just one stupid example of bad judgement by tech advances. People need freedoms to produce.
Hello it will left radicals in Burma better driving them back to bagledesh ,Pakistan and India.
Remember USS Forrestal
He should know about fueling radicals.
You'd kn all about fueling idiots! Every timeUopen yr mouth yr an embarrassment! Just retire already! Save some dignity! Wh little U hv left
https://www.westernjournalism.com/arizona-state-rep-blasts-mccain-op-ed/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=MobileFloatingSharingButtons&utm_content=2017-09-06&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons …
RAKHINE PEOPLE








Focus Juan focus...  ACA, DACA, Tax Cuts, #Harvey #IrmaHurricane #antimavrick @foxnation
Right now hundreds of thousands of Americans are losing everything.  Why are you worried about Burma?
Can you get back in healthcare?  Really really upset with what you did.
Must-read 1 vote to help Arizona's people help your state
Is that A L L you do is read this
We're not far from a genocide.. a Nobelprice is involved
America first McCain. How about some healthcare here?
Mccain trips to Middle East funding ISIS w US weapons Tax paid for I'd say makes this look insignificant
Shut up old man you're not relevant. You torpedoed the GOP with your NO vote on repeal and replace of Obamacare. I hope you are happy. 
Too bad unAmerIcan disgrace McCain cares more about Burmese non issue than he does about his constituents.
Every day you surprise me. So much is going on in US and you tweet this stuff.
Warmonger.  You profit from war.  Just step aside.
It's my greater fear that the radical islamists will use this persecution to creat and strengthen terrorist groups #StopTheKillings
How much does WSJ pay you for the daily promos ?
In much the same way that our concurrent bombings of civilians in 8 countries fuels them?  Yes. That would be bad.
Please don't use it as an excuse to make it 9 countries we're bombing.
Great article.  What's with the flip-flop on healthcare? #USneedsSinglePayer
no such thing "Fueling Islam" Islam's  teaching defeat of infidels. U r on a lossing side if U R not fighting Islam in any way shape, form
Real stiuation in Myanmar, where is human right for these rakhine people? They r killed by terrorist(bangali rohingya).


Sad and more sad.
Don't care fix our country better yet retire
Bengali terrorists challenge to Myanmar.
Coming soon, 
   They will attack with NH4NO3 bomb in Myanmar by the surport of Arab countries
What are your conversations w/the Saudis? The mis-characterization of a homogenous Islam is a great disservice. & All Rohingyas aren't Sunni
Retire, read everyday......
The moral failure of Ms. Suu Kyi in this human tragedy of epic proportions.
Senator McCain it's natural for people to want to avenge any harm to fellow believers.
It already is.... and potentially causing problems for trump's best pal Vlad -
So buddy, still supporting the Cassidy-Graham bill?
Mass Gov. Baker (R) giving a devastating take-down of Graham-Cassidy bill at #HELPhearing "would cost us billlions and billions."
So can we apply the same logic to the rise of white supremacist in America? #FakeNews
Already fueled by ARSA/IS. What do you think ? Now we have to fight them
because international community is provoking. They want Jihad here.
What are the Chinese and Russians doing about it? The world doesn't start and end in America
How do we stop all the atrocities without being called a world bully? Other more local nations should step up.
Why is this happening now? What has changed? Why is @SenJohnMcCain and team tweeting about it?
China India border, oil, drugs. What's your real agenda?
Must read we will read after you answer the simple question who gave you the 9 million

Hey! That's YOUR job!
