Oh now you pretend to care about sending people off! What a hypocrite! Only trying to derail Trump to preserve your own power! #MAGA
Syria is a mess. McCain is right. News Flash not everything is about Trump. Iran Russia are dug in and ready. USA lost last three wars
McCain is partly responsible for putting us there in the first place. Man is blood thirsty and always wants more war. How quickly we forget
McCain is only now concerned about "what's the strategy" b/c he's afraid Trump will actually expose what they have been up to all this time.
Stop politics. This is a serious issue. We are on edge of war in Syria. What are we going to do NOW. Stop politics think about America
McCain probably would favor reinforcing ISIS and the Taliban!
Has anyone told Sen McCain that he lost the election in 2008 and he's NOT the @POTUS 

Walking talking poster boy for #TermLimits
You just did, and millions agree! McCain is one of the most embarrassing disgusting politicians of all time! That's a lot! @SenJohnMcCain
Could not agree with you more and yet he the idiot claims to be embarrassed by TRUMP
McCain is embarrassed because Trump is showing the people just how bad McCain is for the people of US.
McCain is a rusty tin soldier marching around the world dissing our POTUS! He is anti-America and anti-MAGA! He and his sponsor Soros suck!
John McCain doesn't run this country..
Unfortunately nobody seems to be running your country at the moment
Trump is doing a fabulous job. We believe in self sufficiency, the rest of the world is shoving socialism down our throats.
A form of social justice will have to come, jobs are being replaced all the time, I've lost 2 careers to technology, more to come I think
That is why Trump won. Dems & Reps BOTH forgot need to protect American jobs by supporting bankster Globalist platforms @realDonaldTrump
You can't protect what isn't there
Just get out of the way you're not president & never will be
You should have said that to Bush and Obama.
I'm an informed democrat and I agree, too many of our soldiers have died or come back disabled. We need a plan
Thank you Sen. McCain.
McCain makes zero sense and is really just trying to cash in as long as possible.  He is about Mccain and not this country
Talk is cheap and McCain has done plenty of that
Oh boy, grandpa is confused again. Nurse jello please.
Good God John!  For past eight years we in Iraq, Afghanistan & other hellholes with zero victory plan and fۣ*~g ROEs. Where were u???
Please retire. You are RINO who objects to everything the president wants.
I would assume that would be one of many careful considerations of any commander in chief.
Retire gracefully John !
Thank you for your service but it's time to retire@SenJohnMcCain.
One can hardly blame Sen McCain for divided loyalty to Rep. Last time he trusted them he was saddled with that..that..Alaskan!
That Alaskan, you ride bareback.  Ditch the saddle
You don't have to. Go home Sen. McCain!
I agree, but please retire, you're too old to be doing this
You never met a war you didn't like and you know it
John, it's already being done...without any approval from Congress.  "Strategy"  MUST include cleaning out the White House first.
Sure you will, you have before.
So how are YOU going to stop it? You can't even stand up to DT. Not seeing it happen
Agree
..What part of "not going to announce military plans" don't you understand!! Get out of the POTUS's way be quiet!!!
..John McCain, Please stand back and be quiet, you are in the way of thePOTUSand his administration's agendaGOPOTUS!
Why are you changing your tune now? You love war. Specially if under minding America
They probably have 1. Just can't trust traitors such as yourself with info.
FR FR
Democrat in disguise.  He's a GOP obstructionist and not representing the American people
Too late 4000 troops are going under your watch.
I didn't know it was up to @SenJohnMcCain to deploy troops. Oh wait, I guess it is, he voted to invade Iraq over WMD.  Never mind. #retire
Shut up McCain. You old broken down horse that doesn't cooperate  not a Democrat or a Republican. What the hell are you??
What other type of strategy is being tossed around up there???
Talk show cowboy with no action
too bad you won't have a choice in the matter, the madman driving the bus will bring us all into hell. #fucktrump
Twitter needs an opposite to the  so I can hate a tweet in one keystroke.
McCain, give up! There's no there there! You need to resign and put yourself out of our misery. We won't let THIS POTUS pardon you.
At least not until after you meet with, aid, and abet the enemy. We both wore uniforms. I earned my honor and protected my integrity.
Trump is an idiot and is owned by Russia.  He shouldn't be making any important decisions at all.  We need Congress to put reins on him.
Go back to Ariz, nobody cares what u think.
Guess what? WE are DONE with Songbird MCCain! He has NOTHING to say to me. He better support #Trump or get out!
here is another problem standing in President Trumps way.
Yet he will vote for #trumpidontfukincare
Right on!!!!
You're not in charge traitor
Thank you Sen McCain. Potus has no idea what he's doing & we need experts in charge of making plan. We don't need an ignorant man at the top
Except in the area of health care.
McCain  please switch parties!!!!!
John McCain can suck it
Poor senile cuss...thinks he's the POTUS. Give him his meds.
Hear it is strategy for victory. kill em all.
Remember when trump promised to stay out of Syria and stop blowing our money on wars?  Now he is trying to start a ground war in Syria
You talk and talk then vote with the guy in the White House
You sold your soul too
McCain! You've been in Congress for many years when Our Brave Men and Women were sent into Harm's Way without Victory and early Pull Outs!
You can't stop it ..you're afraid of trump!
#your fired
Just wait until @realDonaldTrump reinstates the draft. Does anyone remember the lessons of Vietnam!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
IT's too late John, go home...Let the big boys handle this...and get it done.
Ok RINO puppet of Soros. Resign already!
i think the gop needs to let go of Mccain and he should register as a democrat or independent. i am tired of this farce in my face.
Wow and I thought he was consumed with stories about hookers pissing on beds...
MadDog can handle it.  He wrote the book on situational awareness training.
John last time I check you don't send anyone! Please retire ASAP
Why are people listening to him? He hates our good President.
What does everyone have against a "stratedgy for victory"? How many failed wars have we engaged in where this critical feature was missing?
So when did McCain get elected Commander in Chief? As a Senator he doesn't have get to choose sending anyone anywhere.
This same clown wanted to go into Syria and fight Russia...
tell us about your strategy with the Free Syrian Army... you know the terrorist that attacked London
He is correct. We do not want to involve ourselves without a solid strategy. War to save Trump Presidency is a stupid reason and too obvious
WHY ISN'T this rhino impeached.  If any @GOP person needs impeached it is McCain. @SpeakerRyan can you help get this turd GONE
Sounds like a Commander in Chief.
Smh. Term limits. Pls.
Victory isn't the problem. The problem is what to do afterward. Long term U.S. presence/governance? Partition? Disarmament? #Nogoodoptions
@SenJohnMcCain is batshit crazy.
Please RETIRE!
John wants to lead from behind and warn the enemy...SAD!!
And then you'll send more Americans to die
Thank God it's not your decision. That had always been your problem. You can not make a decision. But your good at criticizing others.
is this comment about dismantling the closest thing we have to a healthcare option for 24,000,000+ Americans?
How about sending thousands of Americans to their deaths when you ram through #ACHA, cut #Medicaid and defund #PP? @SenJohnMcCain #GOP 
Shut up, John.
"but I am about to kick 20 millions Americans off their health insurance lol"
While you're worrying about strategy why don't you explain your ties to George Soros. We'd all like to know
You don't have any control. Trump gave it to the Generals!
End these wars!
McCain needs to get out of the government. He is just as bad as the obstructionist demos, Rino.
Please Retire..........
But you are apparently willing to vote for a health care bill that may kill millions!
Stop being a never Trumper and let Mattis do his job. Being thorn in Pres. is not making you look like a big man. Time to get behind him.
Are you going to give profits from the oil pipelines your trying to falsely sanction Russia with to Americans pocket books???
The is not, and never will be, a strategy for victory in the so-called war on terror.
the reason McCain want the details is so he can sale them the the other side's??
It is obvious that Senator John McCain has no understanding for this type of war....Sad...No political influences required !!!!!!!!!
What happened to the maverick everyone loved?  Do you ever see him?  Tell him America needs him.
Since we've had troops in Afghanistan there's more heroin in the US.
 CIA being entrepreneurial again? Hmm
Oh right and after all you've done in all this time! You have no room to talk! Get out!
False. He'll do whatever the Master asks. His days of being a so-called 'maverick' are long gone.He should retire.
Was McCain suddenly elected president?
He can say whatever he likes, but he'll support it when they tell him to, as always.
how can a pardoned for what? Person know how to win
McCain is a self servicing Rino still pissed he failed to win presidential bid
Thank you, John McCain. A son and daughter currently serving.
Would he know one if he saw one. Time for a nap John
McCain needs to shut his pie hole and just go home ... he is utterly despicable and a total waste of air space....A hero? How so laughable.
Under Obama you're silent he started wars deployed to Libya Syria Yemen Sudan Somalia Cameroon His strategy was genocide & refugee crisis
Leads me to rational conclusion you extort money or are an ass or protect ISIS or some nefarious globalist scheme arms deal
But you will back a plan taking 23 million citizens off of healthcare. Disgraceful.
McCain the strategy is to get you rhinos out of office&put conservatives back in. That's a win and victory! @TuckerCarlson @rushlimbaugh
Dems must be glad that these GOPs r contentious. If nothing is done Dems can take seats back.
Who gives a rat's ass what McCain thinks !
Who Cares what you Think! Retire
Tool
Call your buddy Soros to fund the victory too??
You are never going to be president. Get with the program and be a republican.

We trust President to handle it,stay out of his way McCain.
I hate to say this but can you trust the intel out of those agencies?
Well U R the warrior! Why whine! Sit with OUR Pres. & work out what's best for America. Screw the other countries for now. It's OUR survival
What does a political coward like u expect the president to do with N Korea? Put 30 million S, Koreans at risk of their lives with an A bomb
Did McCain clear his statement with Soros?
#obstructionist #democrat
I love Sen McCain but he needs to get past Trump and stand up for a safe America and help Trump.
What would @SenJohnMcCain know about winning????
McCain please vanish,
Souds Good.... But you put us in Harms way every moment of every day with your association with George Soros!
Retire
U can't have it both ways Sir u r always telling us they don't do enough
Shut your mouth SongBird
If your referring to ISIS, it is the lowest common denominator, "kill them all." Do it quickly with whatever means needed.
RETIRE, RETIRE, RETIRE, it's essential that politicians need term limits,so we the people don't keep getting screwed over #Corruption
I'm sorry.. Is he the president now?
LOL....guess what, that's the "Commander & Chief" job...NOT YOURS!!!
He is doing more damage to Americans. Just retire already because you will not be reelected.
You guys don't have to go there all at once maybe a thousand a week to start
You'll do anything the Repub's tell u to do. That's been your practice... except for a few times when u were incoherent. Step down.
Why doesn't everyone here take action and go harrass him and his aids at the state capitol in Arizona
The old ways, the tired rep establishment senators need to go away. We need fresh minds that will get things done. He is a do nothing rep.
Not your call johnboy
Good thing you don't make those decisions. You failed before and we have enough of your whining
No strategy, Trump has said that unlike obinlid strategy would not be in the public domaine, no warning for the enemy
Who made McCain President? Besides, I thought the Generals in the field were determining troop requirements.
Strategy = Unite with @SenateGOP , @POTUS @HouseGOP ! Support team or join forces with @TheDemocrats = RESIST REALITY!
Start working with Trump for the good of the American people. Stop grandstanding you can have these discussions in private.
Yet you have before
News Flash@SenJohnMcCain You are NOT the President! 
Please sit down!
It's time for him to go home.
Why does he talk like he's the prez?  He ain't!
This senile #SorosStooge should resign.
You can't make that call dipstick, why don't you retire
Since when do you care about Americans? Stop obstructing @POTUS then maybe we will believe you. Until then...
McCain was once a vibrant powerful leader. Now, with due respect, he seems more the old guy in the park who yells at anyone who will listen.
