Appreciate partnership of @SenJackReed & cmte members for delivering a bill worthy of the service & sacrifice of America's troops #FY18NDAA
If @ChuckGrassley & @LindseyGrahamSC are going to trash the @FBI .. are you next? What's up with the @GOP treason?
McCain it's a shame you are a killer how much is black budget? You need to be in jail.
McCain gets funding from George soros
Seriously? We spend more on our military than every other country. How about healthcare?  Free, high quality preschool?
That's great, but I wish more $ could go towards healthcare. The current plan on the table will seriously cause my death. I'm only 43!
Why! Do you need to kill more of our troops? What the f is it with you and war!? You are not giving to US only big arms business.
We can afford weapons but not healthcare...
Always, it is the republican and some Democrats way.
Let's cut everything else because it is too expensive, but let's continue to throw money at the military because it is so underfunded.
Good job, but is $640B enough ?
We already spend more on the military than the next 10 countries combined. When is enough enough?
Rebuilding military? Spend more than next 7-10'countries combined. Quit using it everywhere and it will rebuild itself
640 b / 2m troops =$320,000.00 per troop. Bill worthy of Our troops? You are a bullshiter where is the money going black budget you are evil
I think it is time for you to RETIRE YOU A Typical. RINO THAT OVER Stay  inWASHINGTON  !! Go home and smell the Roses !! You are to old !!!
No money for the poor, but plenty for war!! Does this $640B care for the soldiers? Vets? Or just line pockets of defense contractors?
We already outspend China threefold. Is this amount necessary?  Why not $500B and use extra $140B for something else? Throw at Wealthcare.
This is outrageous. Our military does not need rebuilding.
how does another arms race make us safer? Our generals says cutting global education support to pay for this is a mistake.
a military that is 7 X larger than the next is a priority? Wow, our greatest attribute is being a bully, you must be proud.
I upheld PROLIFE values. I have 4 sons w/autism! HCARE must evolve! Not just Warships! Wholl be in UR military when ASD Increases ×3/10 yrs?
 you lost your mind
why?
Rebuild the military. Fuck that. Healthcare! Anything else you want to change the subject?
Do something helpful, Senator McCain.  #johnmccaintakeastand
At last! Job well done!! 
I'm thinking that F16 is so good for weather reconn that I am support that you rebuild from the ground up to work it in to it. I love that.
another pile of borrowed dough down the drain.
Biggest welfare program in the country!
We're gonna need a bigger boat, er i mean military, Trump gonna have wars started on every continent smh
They have. $640B yo rebuilt the military but not $15B to built a the wall. Fund the wall!
@SenJohnMcCain How much of that funding will go to Pentagon waste? We need better accountability of spending
We Already Have The Largest or One Of THE LARGEST MILITARY! WHY SPEND THE $$$ ON THAT? I heard that U R being bought to increase military!!!
Now can we rebuild our health care system? And by rebuild I mean not snatch health insurance away from 22 million people.
After you vote for *Republican Genocide Trumpcare* Men & Women will be to Sick to Serve in *Your New Military*
So that will be over 54% of the budget when we need other things
All while you're trying to take healthcare from 20 million people. You should be ashamed
Of course you did, more machinery for the corrupt wars in the Middle East again…
Biggest Military Budget in the world, now 3+ times as big as the next biggest military spender in the world.  RE-build?
John's corporate Masters must be very pleased.
Waste of money. If you only addressed healthcare like you do this crap we would be much better off.
You mean give more taxpayer welfare to the military industrial complex? You & the @GOP don't give a shit about veterans.
You ought to be ashamed John..how many kick backs are you getting from lockheed, Boeing etc...
Yay!
Absolutely!
You didn't do it.
We spend more then the next 10 countries combined on our military. If that's not enough we should find where they are wasting the money
For the military industrial complex you mean, the troops will get to keep dying.
Senator, why is so little budget being appropriated for states to tackle the opioid crisis?
$640b for Lockheed n other contractors that purchase crap. $40 for pliers. 50k for motors that dont work. Waste of taxpayer  $$$ #LCSisCRAP
USE SOME OF THE $ FOR PAPER BALLOTS--AS IMPORTANT AS ANY MILITARY VENTURE--
It's not the size of the Dollars but how it's spent !!!!
While people face the prospects of death due to lack of health care
It would never have gotten done if Trump wasn't the President.  What right do you have to tweet about it.  You need to retire.
What color or money, please?  Capital only?  What about operational/maintenance dollars?  Or is this just lifeline to beltway bandits.
I bought that patriot crap! U R not an AMERICAN PATRIOT! U R with Trump 100% Bruce Springsteen was right! #BornInTheUSA. You just LOVE war!
Thanks for nothing we need health care
How many more wounded vets will come home to NO HEALTH CARE? You are a disgrace, John! #EndGOP2018
Yeah, Bombs, not Basinets!
We wouldn't need to spend 640 billion if you hawks would get us the hell out of Afghanistan and Iraq!
Don't you think it is time to stop feeding the military-industrial complex ogre? The country needs this money for education, health, etc.
Yes great point  but confused time
Just need @kelliwardaz in your seat and life will be better !!!!
Our biggest security threats are an insane president, wealth disparity and aging infrastructure! What r u doing about that? #Resist
You do realize only the upper 5% of our population grew wealthier under Obama!
Perhaps the only way Americans can afford health insurance will be to join the military.
"rebuilding"
Respublican becoming party of Putin!
Good one.  If we are dying slowly from lack of healthcare, we can ask someone in the military to shoot us.
Play your lefty cards right... And your foreign enemies will shoot you instead.

Will that increase the stipend of our military? I have a son n family active in the military... barely making a living..
GO.. TRUMP.. GO... @realDonaldTrump
you know we spend more than the next eight countries *combined*, right? Military is many things but not in disrepair.
Keep that deficit rising.  A strong military is way more important then medical care for our citizens
Sad but true
Please, somebody, stop this. Let us have an independent investigation! We trust the @fbi and @cia , stop silencing the truth!
So thankful we have @POTUS-- He supports our military & veterans
ALL u have accomplished 2 go dwn as an enemy of the people u once fought 2 protect. SHAME ON U! cut programs that help, increase military 
Rebuilding?  You have been in the Senate all this time?  We spend more on defense than any other country  rebuild what
rebuilding? jesus christ that's like bill gates saying he needs to rebuild his bank account after buying lunch. retire
 well said!
LOOK !
LOOK!
We already vastly outspend all other nations and yet more military spending is needed? Roads and bridges are falling into disrepair.
LOOK !!!
(source @Free_Media_Hub , follow them if you have a heart)
I too strongly support the passing of #FY18NDAA! We must rebuild and restructure our military so that it can handle all its commitments!
Roger that Sir,, maybe the corp may get a few crumbs this time around
Fuck "rebuilding" the military spend money on healthcare
#shame ON THE BAN
Not a ban
How much more ??
Throw another 360 in and make it a cool trillion? Would it start to sound ridiculous then? 640B just to begin? JFC!
Are we able to finale pass Russian bill trough the House?
How about money towards cyber and science? That's what we'll need to defend against. You're still living in the guns and tanks era old man
AMERICA! Will NEVER be SAFE or GREAT! Because they are depending on MAN! And have forgotten about JESUS!#newRome
lol
What about healthcare you monster? 22 Million people for a tax break? do something!!
Take a laxative... Youll feel better
Resign you are a corrupt GOP use to love you but your out of touch a dem wanna be. Resign. We love Trump so get on or get out
At what cost, McCain? Is the military defending healthy people? Defending a strong Constitutionally guided gov't?
Defending people wise enough to preserve their natural resources for future generations? Or is the military spending just to spend?
That the real purpose for a military has been lost and it serves nothing but a greedy and power-hungry ruling class?
Hope you are voting to improve our social safety nets and renewable energy efforts. As I understand it, even the military is going green.
Who attacks the vulnerable? 
1. Hitler, Nazis
2. Trump, GOP2017
3. Putin
4. Assad
5. Erdogan
6. Duerte 
.....
Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 
And who did nothing for US vulnerables Obama, Clinton, Kerry rice.. DEMOCRATS THE PARTY OF SLAVERY... THATS YOU
Admit the lust of #War takes nearly 50 percent of US budgets including, defense contractors. military, nuke, bribes, and overseas bases
Are you still standing by the demented potus Senator. A true hero should protect US.
Never saw a military budget increase you didn't like. I notice the rest of the world is building infrastructure. McGoverns quote was you!
#shame
Capitol Police are arresting about 8 people outside Rubio's DC office. They keep chanting "Vote no Rubio" 
#VichyGOP allowing Gorka (a Nazi) to be in the whitehouse
Sometimes Asses need to get kicked Senator to get things done. I hope sequester is next. Tatiana
You make it sound like it is in shambles.
It almost is.....
#PUTIN IS A KILLER
#AHCA IS A KILLER
Putin is mass murderr.
Puitn is an ugly KILLER

#shame
Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 
#shame
Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
