George Soros' senator.
You should be in charge of finding bogus dossiers since your so good at it
STFU you have ZERO right to know anything. RESIGN!!!!
Poor john his brain
I guess selling out to the north Vietnamese made you forget about opsec huh?
As a military family...we understand OPSEC... you senator should too! IDC if you a Senator...there are too many leaks in the swamp! #ProtectOurHeros
Only @TheDemocrats & #RINOs Care what #McCwazy thinks or says 
ja right! you have caused enough damage you turn coat canary
It's called OPSEC Senator. We don't publish military strategy 4enemy 2gain Intel. Globalist ideology has reduced U2A slobbering train wreck. https://twitter.com/SenJohnMcCain/status/917752141917409280 …
We understand you're a traitor but it's not wise to give away military secrets so the enemy knows how they should plan their strategies.
You really have to wonder, how MCCain a known traitor, could possibly get into our government to represent Americans?  The same Americans he betrayed time and time again!  And why is our government sealing records for these types of people! Obviously something to hide!
Go home McCain, you Soros Whore.
With your record of sabotage he should tell you NOTHING.
What a blow hard! John McCain is nothing but a traitor to this country in so many ways
Deep down.  McCain is a Trump Want To Be.
Why ? So you can give the plans to ISIS or Al Queda like you did in Vietnam ?
OPSEC.
Demanding John McCain retire AZ citizen lied to by this RINO !!!
ok, show off. You should have a right to that information, but not a right to divulge it. So, what will you do if you don't like the strategy? Withhold more funds from the DOD. Retire now while you still have something of a good reputation.
RIP hero.
AFGHANISTAN may become USA's 100 yrs. WAR. Thank the BUSH/CHANEY WARMONGERS for every USA death there.
shows you how forgetful and ignorant you are
We now know how uniformed you are.
Seriously McCain? Maybe our enemies need to be on the "cc" list for all above top SECRET communications from the pres. Too... 
#idiot
No you won’t get it. Sit down and shhhhhhh
No stragies for you. Where is repeal and replace? TOTAL Di SGRACE AND Disonesty!
Resign!!!
Shut up and crawl  under a rock. Ur done and ur legacy of treason will follow u into history
Why? Do you want to undermine the USA?

No wonder you were captured
Songbird, you're a traitor to the core. You're a disgrace to our nation. You've sold out the American people.

I hesitated pulling the lever for you in2012 but the other choice was Obama. It really is time for u to resign

The msm Twitter shut me down for 11 hours cause the can't handle the truth. Called McCain a piece of shit
Why don't you lay down? Enjoy  the few months you have with your family.Why would anybody give a trader military secrets ?
McCain seldom misses an opportunity to prove he’s an idiot and would continue to aid the enemy every chance he gets.
Please be quiet birdsong!
Hey Songbird you gonna sing to our enemies again like you did in Vietnam ?
Once a Collaborator w/the Enemy always a Collaborator w/The enemy
You of all people should know better. What happened to you?
Please don't ever tweet again since you are a war trader! You chose to sell out your fellow captives for better treatment U should b in jail
Time to RESIGN  Foolish old man. You've lost any honor u might have had
YOU should NEVER be given any military strategies.  Why are you so anxious to get them?  You certainly are slimy SWAMP
No Songbird MCCain!  You are the last person that should know any military moves in advance!  The Rinos May have forgotten about your reputation in Vietnam, but we the people have not!  You are an evil man!
If Trump doesn't choose to tell you, maybe it's for a good reason
I'm not a military veteran but I do know it's like playing poker. You don't let your opponent know what cards you're holding.
John, please resign.
Take time U have left. Reflect on Ur life. Repent and make peace w/ God. 
Ur Bitterness & hate toward #POTUS 
is ugly.🕇
So you want it to be like under Obama where everything we planned was leaked days or weeks before it happened.
You're insane.
They don't want another Vietnam. So u n hanoi jane will be left out of the loop
...given there are photos of you with terrorists, not a good idea!!
John, you are like the guest that won't go home when the party's over.   You are going to be remembered as a slobbering fool.
Here's what you need to know. We're there killing Islamic terrorists and making opium available to the #CIA.  Got it?
Look, the traitor democrat is bashing our @POTUS again.
Opsec means nothing to you apparently
Known many people that went thru cancer. All changed their lives for the better knowing tomorrow is not guaranteed. You are the exception.
Never divulge your plan are you still acting like a traitor?
Please concentrate on your top notch doctors and care. Clearly being military never taught you a thing or maybe you forgot.This isn't a game
resign&do everything medically to get better again.Let a true conservative take your place.Don't wait till we all regret our vote for you
John McCain is a TOOL
Oh john....

When will you retire?
Weak, John. Try again
You know better than this!  Why are you being this way..,please stop it :(   You look very ridiculous like Obama did as he shared dates etc!
You aren't POTUS
But in his mind military strategy is open source since Viêt-Nam, the Dnc is hacked to the core. It's open bar guys soon the NSA Iphone app.
if they want details, get an assignment to go over there
You are a train wreck,  just because you sang like a canary doesn't mean that's how it works. Traitor
No wonder u got caught #TraitorMcCain
Please retire.....you are obviously not fit to serve any longer.
Song Bird will sing to the Enemies of USA...You are the Enemy! My Hero Veitnam Buddies Despise You! Traitor!
I'm so grateful that You Are NOT President! Songbird, u hurt other military ppl w/ ur dangerous antics, neglected AZ VA vets&enriched urself
We will never forget your pardon! EVER! Your recent behavior against the people of this nation will not be forgotten! Treason is your game!
Retire. #FusionGPS #DossierBuyer
Shell of a man.
So bitter and ridiculous.
I have a strategy you should follow: #McCainResign & #CorkerResign. When you show up to work only for revenge you're done- it's time to go.
Copy that... agreed in full hes a rat  bum
Waaa, Trump doesn't think I'm a BIG HERO, so I'll get back at him. Hurry-up and DIE already! p.s. Hope it's extremely painful.
That is the most shameful hateful tweets I've ever read. I can see why you like trump so much #TrumpIsAMoron
YOU can’t be trusted with ANY military strategies! You’ve proven that you’ll sabotage everything Trump does just b/c your ego was hurt.
We demand #TermLimits #Conventionofstates
Why @SenJohnMcCain aka songbird so you can tell ISIS?
Here you go here's exactly what we are going to do. How many troops. Where they will be. Exact date & time of attacks! Sure that's smart 
Dude just melt away into your surroundings as NOONE cares about anything you say, also please change your political affiliation,embarrassing
Why would we give away our strategy so you could give your taliban or Isis buddies a heads up? Suck it
constituents were demanding Obamacare repeal like you promised but you can’t put your ego aside so screw Americans cuz your hurt feelings
What John. You need to know so you can leak it to your ISIS friends. Are some of those Alzheimer medications for you?
you appear to be out of what little mind you have! songbird!
Retire FFS, your just a bitter obstructionist that just loves getting bought and paid for by anyone.
McCain's just pissed he hasn't gotten to bomb anyone lately. Since Hillary's not in charge we won't be bombing countries like Libya for fun.
U r not dead yet ..?
This must be kept within “security clearance and need to know” parameters. Too many traitors abound in govt. I support POTUS/Mattis.
Are you fucking kidding me? You of all people should understand OPSEC.
Give traitor the details to the REAR DOOR! 
He gave classified info to Communists in Hanoi.
Should not have a sec clearance.
Unlike you, overwhelming majority of Americans don't collaborate or give the enemy information they can use against us
You are no longer relevant or necessary to the good governance of this great country. Please just go away.
Citizens “demanded” & YOU promised to repeal ACA... then you go back on your campaign promises! No Honor, No Integrity you failed us all.
McCain only needs info 2 advise military industrial DONERS how 2 prioritize certain products 2 b sold. NAT SEC not his consderation.
John, you know better!!! Or at least you should have from Nam, you traitorous twatwaffell!!
Yo, Taliban! We're launching a MASSIVE attack on you, the next blue-moon @ 0600hrs!
How much did you pay for the dossier Songbird?
Y do U want to make military plans against enemies public? Who do you owe favors to?

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Where are the condolences?
Why would he discuss military strategy with an American and RINO traitor?
#retire

It’s hard, everyone is feeling the defeat because the humanity of it all is muddled and in a pigs s eye if this ain’t the dirtiest show Eva
Must-read: John McCain, The perfect lie.

The only Afghanistan strategy that has ever worked  over the past several decades is getting out and not looking back.

Remember when dem senators attacked Obama?
Me either.
Bob Corker-John McCain have betrayed their voters & disgrace America.
…

Interesting @SenJohnMcCain. I "Demand details" regarding this:
Not fresh news;  old stuff.
You liberal lunatics always preach lies over truth. Just "YESTERDAY"..unless that's "old" to you!
One thing at a time...It looks like the Trump strategy in Irak has kicked ISIS butt & they are losing & surrounding by the thousands.
How's it going Mr. McCain, thanks for standing up!
Thoughts and Prayers are not enough!


Sorry Sir you're very wrong to ask this question to the President - He and his cabinet doesn't even know the real means of the word strategy
How about demanding details on CR funding and impact on precision weapons adequacy for operations and contingencies? @AUSA @USMC @USAF_ACC
at least Putin is tactical...
Please sir you don't have demand anything. Just go home and take a nap
It's so refreshing 2 see Politicians be true to their core beliefs when they r not burdened with partisan politics. Thank you Senatoe McCain
Or burdened by the wishes of the ppl that elected them. Az insurance up over 110%. He doesn't care about the ppl of AZ!

Using that as an excuse for mor obstructionist activites. Why let the enemy know what your plan is? Too many leaks in DC to tell anyone plan
Looks like a "Love me post"
They are going to fly a plane into a US ship and hurt people. Oh wait, that was you.
Dear Sen. McCain, children start losing CHIP insurance this month, please help. 100,000+ arizona children at risk with flu season coming
@SenJohnMcCain sadly don't give a damn. He'd rather B a salty old bum, and stuck it to the president. Atleast he won't be around long. #Liar
Please retire!!!!
Someone please remove him from office.
and your childish blocking of appointments helps this how?
Someone sees McCain s/b on I-95 turn him around. His brain was spotted n/b on I-95. RETIRE Brutus
Trump going to have several Countries at war with Us before you know it. He thinks he's all special and has a childish tantrum,  a bully
The pres is busy calling Sen Corker names and hassling the NFL. He doesnt have time to worry about Afghanistan or our military ppl there.Duh
Yes, it takes up sooo much of his time calling out RINOs & black racists.
Why make our war plans public? That is something Benedict Arnold did.
America doesn't care what you want. You don't give a flying f**k what America wants-YOU are only worried about John McCain-you worthless POS
Senator, not just Militarily Times
Constituents want answers: 
Mission Goals
Objectives
Accurate deployment numbers
Time line
Exit strategy
Trump has no strategy. The man is a lunatic. Going to war in every theater on the planet is NOT a good idea. USA will look VERY bad.
McCain ! Your stupid is showing . NO WAY ! NEVER SHOW YOUR HAND !
Dont worry @SenJohnMcCain the US will continue 2 invade&occupy other countries 4their resources The #AmericanWay will continue #EndlessWars
The Deep-State Shadow-Gov way Fifth-Column way    :-|
Sen. JOHN McCain and Sen. Corker are only speaking truth to the Trump administration, he is not an oligarchy or monarch.
John McShame doesn’t know the truth.
We have to get him out of office before he kills us all. Please help us do that. He’s unfit and I know you see it. How can you let this go.
Must read you are the best thing that happened to @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer you are a Morron like them

Is there a limit to how many wars US can be in at one time? It is terrifying these days to think Trump can set off war with North Korea.
Im so scared
I am scared and everyone else in this country should also be.
Thank you, Senator. Please, by all means use any power you have to make the president do his job, and do it fairly.
demand repeal and replace jerk, go away
When a good replacement comes along
What Afghanistan strategy?
