How much money did you take from Russia?
Not any and certainly not close to what the Clinton Foundation has taken.
Who cares what your communist ass is doing!
I feel like you are now an enemy!!  Support our president publicly!!
By "support him publicly " do you mean rubber stamp everything Trump does and feebly justify ever stupid thing he says or does?
To call out the democrats and media for all their lies and misleadings!!!
So when you read negative publicity about Trump do you shout "second crucifiction of christ!!! Second crucifiction of christ!!"
That was dems with Obama!
So, basically you folks are so lame that all DT or Fox has to do is label something "liberal" and you quit thinking and obey the source?
No that would be the liberals listening to CNN lie and make up fake news.
Uh, Covfefe makes more sense than that response......
Why did you send out an email today supporting Montana GOP candidate who body-slammed a reporter?!?!
People are to sensitive! Country of baby's I'm glad he body slammed that reporter 
Does anyone actually like John McCain?? For god sakes, go away...retire.
Why are 90% of the GOP's Not Working to Help & Support Americans but Want to Take Away Critical Safety Nets For Middle & Least Wealthy Class
It isn't governments job to "support" Americans. It's called theft when you take from the producers of wealth and give it to other people.
W/Ur embrace of Palin & her anti-press attitudes, do you bear any responsibility for the violent atmosphere in the Republican Party?
The violence is all coming from the liberals. The Republican Party has not espoused any violence.
#StopTheSocialisticBudget!  #UnitedForFreedom!
You're not real bright. Even for a politician. Quit undermining our President!  Obama & HRC actually did collude with Russians. Not Trump!!
Too bad they didn't pick @SenJohnMcCain for GOP president. @POTUS looks positively geriatric beside the 'ole war hero!
In fact McCain is the only Republican left with any integrity.
So says a nice Canadian socialist...
$20TRILLION DEBT and RINOs want parental leave entitlement. Why vote for them? #NoNewEntitlements #UnitedForFreedom
No more mandates for health care and business! Stop making senseless rules that drive up costs we all end up paying for!  #UnitedForFreedom
Your seat should be next to Schumer. Two of a kind.
Did you see Trump rudely push aside the leader of Montenegro?  He is a spoiled child without conscience. Pathetic. Please get him out.
And, Trump's speech was embarrassing at NATO. It's just fricking tragic.
Fricking tragic is the way Obama gave away the farm and apologized all over the world for the USA! Get a clue!!
You need to leave the Republican Party. You are a disgrace. Would you be like this if PRESIDENT TRUMP had said you are great. I winder
I only like Countries where Politicians who choke, body slams and punch reporters are charged with a Felony.
#Trumpcare #Gianforte
Then you shouldn't mind when Hillary goes to prison.
Why are you so against single payer?
You mean the "government steal from the wealth creators to support those who do nothing" payers?
Too late for town hall-want to know what happened to the additional sanctions you and Lindsay were imposing now Trump removing old ones!
Why did u let obama do what he wanted but obstruct the republican president?
Why is hate-spreading Steve Bannon in the WH being paid with my tax dollars?
Because we elected Trump and he gets to choose. Just like Obama paying Hillary to fleece the nation.
What is Congress doing to stop the RU attacks on our election process?
It's been going on forever! This is NOT a new development contrary to what MSM preaches.
Never been invited to a town hall. It's become painfully aware that this Russia probe by u is sour grapes.  Trump was elected and u werent
Why are you so much like Schumer always attacking the President in turn the Ppl suffer because of it. Your not helping. Will You help?
Why are you against our President? You're hurting the Republican Party We need to stand together! Remember Ronald Reagan 11th commandment
When are you going to RETIRE?
How much money has GOP received from the Kremlin?
How much did Chaffetz get paid to declassify and leak Comey's letter about Clinton?
Now France and now Germany ????? What about all these interference . And you are all not evening hiding it !!
My question to you if you worry so much about Russia interference!!!!!!! What about when Obama tried to interfere with Israel ??
Either get on board with our President that Millions voted for or stand down.
Go away John McCain, I will NEVER forget how you promoted BHO during YOUR campaign. Telling us no he's not an enemy he's a good guy. FU
Why don't you stand with we the people?
Please retire~U r of no value 2 Trump Administration~U r working against them instead of with them~U r part of the swamp~What is ur agenda?
What is wrong with you?! Your hatred is blatant. #Maga #fakenews #timetoretire
Can you please retire
@SenJohnMcCain , I am so disappointed in you and how you are hurting DT
Go away go lay down go retire Sop your swamp creature resistance to our President Tou are irrelevant GO AWAY!!!!
why don't you leave our party and just admit your reality democrat
even you talkin Russia Russia Russia. Such a fool/traitor 
U r shameful as a Republican!
When will you retire? I can't wait that day!
Here's a question, when are you going to stop embarrassing yourself and retire?
When do you smarten up about your Russia-Ukraine thing? Cant you see you are supporting another thief? You gotta be ashamed of yourself
Retire, you should support Trump.
Seriously u just need to stop talking
Senator McCain. You and the rest of the GOP need to put country before party. We are under attack by Russia. Please! Do something!!
McCain you need to start supporting our President.  You are giving Replubicans a bad name.
You need to get out of office or switch to being a Democrat.  Your not acting like a Replubican.
Senator- you need to face reality Americans are sick of Repubs constantly attempting to deflect to 'But It's Obamas fault Trump did..X Y Z.
Stop speaking out of both sides of your mouth. Either stick to your party bs or take action against the Trumpelthinskin regime. MAN UP!!
And not doing a damn thing about #trump
Hey Mr Hero lol

How about supporting our POTUS instead of supporting the Dems?
So ashamed of you today. Embarrassed I ever voted for you. Leave the GOP please!
Would you please change parties so Arizona voters at least know the truth about who they're sending to DC.
Question! Why can't you go away? Your stupid theories on Russia are too much and we want them to stop! Your too old to continue to serve us!
Seems like more Dems support u than republicans. That should tell u something right there.
How much money did u receive from soros?
why don't you support the President? As military u should  know that u do not to respect the person but u must respect the rank/ position.
Senator McCain, why do you continually criticize Trump? To paraphrase you: "You lost. Trump won." So, get over it!!!
John, I've always been a supporter of yours, but you have turned into a RINO. Please start supporting what we the people voted for in 2016,.
Sen suck it up and quit grandstanding and support your party and president or get out of politics
Nobody gives a crap about your Democrat opinion switch parties we can't stand u
You are an American traitor
When are you going to retire you have become a coward if you're not going to retire just become a Democrat like you are
hopefully you'll be talking about how Kushner is in crisis but JFK was not---you sir are braindead or have dementia..
Instead of supporting Pres Trump as you should be,you try to defeat all he does. WHY?we Tk you for your service but it's time to retire.
I decided to follow McCain, so I can fight his anti trump rhetoric.  Republicans, please run a true conservative against this man!
Promise me that you won't vote for a health care bill without first knowing its full implications of a CBO score?
What is this about?
@@FoxNews @POTUS Those watching Sen McCain on FB-remind him what a traitor he is to the Conservatives-  No excuse for him
Why are you so wishy washy. Making stmts about Russia etc but 0 action w/admin sells our integrity, standing in world & is #PutinsPuppet
https://youtu.be/BprbEp2m6NU 
I'd like u to substantiate ur claim that Russia is more a threat than ISIS.Why r u promoting the fake Russia hacking story FACTS disprove it
I am an AZ business owner who sees Trump supporters all day long. Most r vets & families. Please support  AZ & POTUS.
No more talk...get something done! You who sacrificed greatly, should lead the strengthening of our military,join with Trump openly on this.
What is undermining our democracy is the number of illegals voting in our elections NOT the fake Russian involvement!
As a "POW" why have you NEVER tried to bring home the 1600 servicemen left in Vietnam? Not ONCE!!
Does the 30 pieces of silver you accepted from Soros keep you awake at night?
Please explain to America why your "foundation" was given MILLIONS of $$ from Saudi Arabia during the obama years?
Will you be testifying in congress about your collusion with the democrats and G. Soros to destroy America?
Will you explain to America how you and obama funded and armed ISIS to oust Assad?
Do you realize yet that YOU are NOT the president?
Will you be UNsealing your Vietnam records and trial for treason??
U've worn the war hero thing out.Ur new world order Hillary all the way . Jealous bc u couldn't get elected. Go to bed.
Yeah John why are you obstructing our President , you are a huge part of the problem and 65 million patriots are fed up with up ..
Sorry I missed your LIVE, here's my question: 
WHY do you work against the PRESIDENT from your own party?
And the people. cost is too much if he n the others give up their gig. Talk about collusion. Perhaps we need a special  investigation.
you are a bigger threat than ISIS & RUSSIA combined. We see you trying to conquer from within. @realDonaldTrump: rockstar @POTUS 
When are you going to stand up for our country. It looks like we are turning into Russia  I can't believe my eyes or ears !
You can't support our Troops if you don't support the Commander in Chief
Talk is cheap McCain, talk is cheap. When are you going to Do Something re the crooks in the WH
please stop talking about how awful it is, and do something about Trump - with love and courage, the rest of the world
Grow a set! Hold live in person town hall meetings instead of hiding behind Facebook!
benedict Arnold McCain
Yeah, Mr., have the last word on being a hero to Trump and start the movement to impeach 'the agent orange,' Trump.
Retire... be gone thanks
Is Lindsey Graham the Top or Bottom??
Will you please choke on a porkchop bone for us??
I agree with the fact Putin is more threat than Isis. We should have listened to Patton and dealt with Russia then.
Your a traitor to this country and your hate for its people makes you a prime candidate for the gallows or firing squad!
How much does the industrial complex pay you to make war with poorer countries? Also, is it true that you were a traitor during Vietnam?
Please do something about Trump he  is not good for America
Reading these replies, I am not surprised the trumpers think you're anti-trump. Idiots don't see your support #cult45
Stand up to this horrid president. Show your courage. He is destroying the world. You can stop it.  You have nothing to lose.
Saddened by your consistent support for trump. 5 deferment Don, praises all despots and still you support trumpism.
Traitor
Senator John McCain is actively trying to bring down Donald Trump. Our @POTUS 

@realDonaldTrump
Are these "leak" stories fake News?
why are state and defense positions being filled they cant do their work other gov cant contact us its a mess and no one is speaking up
at what point will Repubs stand up for America and do something about this white house before we are in serious trouble  postitons not fill
it seems the time post wsj and others have more investigators than the senate investigation should hire them to do your work  no answer sad
Why do you sell our country out to globalist corporate interests. Do you fear God for your crimes against humanity or is Satan your master
Why are you such a @georgesoros puppet?
Where is your outrage over the NSA and BHO illegally spying on Americans?
SenMcCain you're the most honest man in the Republicans. I enjoy hearing you speak the truth. I wish you ran for President again.
We are sending the wrong messages to our children and other countries. Trump is a bully, wants to increase taxes when he hasn't showed his.
Mr. McCain why is it so hard to come against Trump. If Obama or any President said and done what Trump do. They would have been gone.
Someone today called you a traitor  I use to look up to you do you know how that makes me feel
Confusing how you almost sound like you'll stand up to Trump but then back down. Why?
When will you stand against trump & Russia gate
You can get a job as an Uncle Fester impersonator....you are nowhere near as smart as the origional but look just like him.
I hope someone asked you when you your actions are going to match your words.
When are you going to leave the comfort of your D.C. Office and have a town hall in person? Will you support Medicare for All Bill?
When is the Republican party going to jail?  They all believe in obstruction of justice, they believe in destroying America as well.
John I am disappointed that you of all people have chosen party over country...
When is the Trump Administration going to jail?  America needs a NEW PRESIDENTAL ELECTION, WHEN IS THAT GOING TO HAPPEN?
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain still hasn't responded to #USSLiberty survivor in following @Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #MemorialDay
when are you going to retire? We voted change. We want term limits.
Why are you such a RINO?
Senator, I'm alarmed at threatening & denigrating remarks Trump supporters make on Twitter. Trump's okaying hate.  Please don't support him
Hold another. We have some questions
When will u help get that traitor dangerous person trump impeached? He insults our friends in NATO & speaks secretly to Russia. When?
When can we have a new presidential election? Since the last one appears to have been illegitimate.
Lolololololo
@FassihNazer  Senator McCaine. For 1/100th of the fraud, conflicts, traitor, lies and more.any body else v Donald Trump. Why?
Looks like using a Commodore 64. Tune that baby in dude.
When will u stop backing Trump and his own leaking, & when you gonna stop taking bribes and kickbacks?
Traitor!!! #WolfInSheepsClothing
So many trolls on this link defending McCain.  That alone tells you he's a Democrat.
How can you call yourself republican when your campaign accepted money from soros. You were a  traitor when a pow you're still a traitor
Will the Republicans ever criticize any action from party members?  Will they choose country over party?
ONCE MORE
SMALL TOWNS HAVE REC'd FED FUNDS 
FOR WASTEFUL,UNNECESSARY SPENDING ON UNNECESSARY PROJECTS IN LIGHT OF FACT THAT WASH IS
LOOKING FOR MONEY FOR MOST IMPORTANT HIGH PRIORITY NEEDS 
AS MIL., VETS, VA, & FAMILIES WHILE WE ALL R CONCERNED AS WELL AS,WASH. STATES SO
THESE WASTEFUL UNNECESSARY PROJECTSrRUSHING2COMPLETION AS WE SPEAK, FED BUDGET&PRESIDENT IS BEING UNDERMINED,& NOTHING IS BEING DONE TO STOP
WHEN IS IT GOING TO STOP!!!??
SMALL TOWNS CORRUPTION&THE ABUSEofFED FUNDS  BY PROJECTS WHICH ARE UNNECESSARY& WASTEFUL MUST B STOPPED, NOW!
IF ANYONE IS SO CONCERNED ABOUT
THE MILITARY,VA,VETS,&FAMILIES WHERE IS THE ACTION2FREEZE THIS MONEY BEING USEDasWE SPEAK4WASTE&UNNECESSARY
PROJECTS BEING RUSHED TO COMPLETION,,HERE IS THE MONEY YOU ARE LOOKING FOR ,FOR THE  MILITARY!!
PUT A STOP TO THIS
IF YOU ARE SERIOUS!!
I TRIED MANY TIMES THIS COMMENT & I FEEL IT IS IMPORTANT THAT  U ARE  CONCERNED ABOUT PORK BARREL SPENDINGorANY WASTEFUL UNECESSARY SPENDING
SORRY ABOUT THIS
CANNOT GET THRU  TO FACEBOOK SO I WILL LEAVE IT ON TWITTER!
SENT COMMENT,,DID NOT  REC AN EMAIL CONFIRMATION TO SEND THIS,,SORRY
Go and retire #Sen John McCain
We need a law requiring all future presidential primary candidates to reveal past 10 years of tax returns to protect the American people
Why has GOP Congress Abdicated its Executive Oversight responsibility? Why is GOP Congress ok with Trump undermining US IC, FBI & NATO?
Lololololo
Why would Gianforte or any other patriotic American have "financial ties to US-sanctioned Russian companies"? USG sanctioned 4 reason right?
Missed the townhall, but would have asked what happened to your AWOL spine. Not a single word on Trump's trainwreck at the NATO meeting?
Please retire
John I respected you for your military background and a man that I still feel is capable of separating party from country. An American. 1/2
I was all in when you were running for pres. cuz you had a lil rogue in you. Please do not back this regime of anti Americans.
Plz don't back an admin. That was placed there by a foreign country. Russia and numerous repubs Helped throw our election.

When can you pull foot out of your mouth and your head out of your a--
Will you consider retiring immediately. Or do we have to put up with you until the end of you LAST term???
R there NO GOP men of conscience yet alive? Have NONE the courage 2 defend our nation over their party? What does it take to cleave Russia?
