yes.
YOU must never forget the promises you made to the voters. #Resign
Get a grip!! You sold us out!!
McCain   if you are going to make a video statement for the public. Please don't put a US flag in the background. You & It don't go together
At least he wasn't a draft dodger.
There were 134 Soldiers killed on the USS Forrestal because of McCain. They would have been better off if he had been a draft dodger.
John McCain did not kill them, he was also a prisoner of war. As we all will be under a Trump Presisency.
He didn't kill them directly,but was his fault the accident happened. His actions as a POW were treasonous. Do your research.
I'm sure you were there sir. I believe you, but I still thank the Senator for his service, and you too.
You r a hero not only for American people, You are a great hero for people of the world particularly for #Iranian people by supporting #MEK
Like you really care? I'll bet you gave bin laden the flight plans to help take the WTC down!
Traitor from hell...

Please don't vote yes on the Graham healthcare bill!  He's a good man, but this is a REALLY bad bill and will hurt Americans everywhere!
You stink!!! You lie, steal, commit treason, you work against our president ... you will reap what you sow !  God is not mocked!!!
You are correct, sir--now PLEASE start acting like a  #realrepublican that your voters put you in office for.  Support your President!
How about every other day of the year you start doing what you promised?
You get to use other people's money and enjoy your misanthropic utopia.  Enjoy your drug laden so called health care while you still can.
And let's help those heroes and their families instead of cutting taxes for the rich and wasting money on pointless walls.
Do you know how much Americans paid in tax money for illegals?  296 million dollars... wake up!!!
Why haven't you said anything about the four Americans died in Benghazi five years ago today Hillary sent no help I know all about it
#Russia rigged social media bots, bought FB ads, organized rallies in Idaho. USA in a propaganda war and don't know.
Your about an idiot McCain
Will you stand with us & co-sponsor. It will  piss off Tiny Hands  #MedicareForAll?
We pay U to work 4US! Why do we continue 2pay U whenU don't do ur job? Why do we pay millions n salaries if congress only works4 themselves!
Same shit over here.
I heard you are you are getting great treatment @ Mayo. I pay $713 mo in AZ and can't even go to Mayo. Thanks for NOTHING And your NO vote.
Hates Trump and takes it out on the American people--Very Bad Form-- indicating moral turpitude and not courage!!
John do us a favor and retire.  Spend time with your famil but maybe they don't want u. U r getting to be the most hated man in politics.
Treatment for glioblastoma using polio virus Duke University
How many millions did it cost for America's freedom?
What Freedom????
Yeah we will never forget this drama.

No one could say it better.
John get off the stage.  Tell Meghan to get back to Outnumbered.  We miss her. She is to embarrassed over u to come back.
As you try to achieve AMNESTY which is why we lost those in 93 Trade Center.  How could you betray our patriots?Get the ILLEGALS the hel out
#Trump the #westie agrees & we must never forget apathy biggest threat to democracy. we must defend our democracy.
1 John 2:2
And He Himself is the #propitiation for our #sins, and not for ours only but also for the whole #world.
are you a bot?
Not a bot
okay thanks
Sigmund Freud was Right--YOUR EGO CONTROLS YOU!
And we must never forget the sacred promises we made to millions of free voters to free them from Obamacare...
Less than 900 DACA in US military! Let them stay & get rid of the rest!!! Take care of vets & AMERICAN kids FIRST!!!
Jackass
One can not live with contradiction throughout his life, especially at the end of his career one must relieve his conscience.
McCain you were concerned about human right in Egypt you may do something for this reality
UN slams Israel for 'de-development' of Palestine

RINO! TRAITOR! LIAR! THIEF! MURDERED!
You're a traitor to your country. You were a traitor to your fellow soldiers! You're a traitor to us ALL!
Thanks for your good work.  We need you.
These men die for AMERICA 's freedom from terrorists. We NEED the Wall
Any plans to retire Senator? I wasn't under the impression this was a job for life. If u had accomplishments I would say yes but not 4 u
Switch parties already rino. Better yet get the hell out! RETIRE ALREADY
...and that the Saudis had direct involvement yet we invaded two other countries. Thanks in large part to McCain the warhawk.
Співчуття!
Hey he remembers something. Ty. Never forget 
Mr. Senator! I wish prosperity to the free people of America! But for this you must destroy the main enemy of democracy - Putin!

Mayo Clinic does not accept #ObamaCare. @SenJohnMcCain, like all his fellow Congressmen, is luckily exempt from the horrors of #ObamaCare. https://twitter.com/zimmaga/status/906873851815931905 …
Mr. Senator! The US must finally understand that it was the Kremlin and Putin and his friends who launched a war against Western democracy!
How about Trumps 911 speech? Good huh? Oh that's right. You will NEVER EVER say a good word about Trump. So obvious
USA must understand that Kim Jong-un's nuclear blackmail is led by Putin, who through North Korea continues the hybrid war against the West
Lost all respect for you on so many levels To do, what you did, on the floor, like you were Ceaser, is disgraceful YOU ARE NOT FOR AMERICA
You should not forget what AMERICANS have done for America. AMERICA FIRST ALWAYS
And they're praying you suffer beyond belief with your cancer you traitor! UNSEAL your RECORDS COWARD!!!!
Wats up Songbird? Rat on anybody lately? Well you did screw up the obummer care. The pilots you betrayed are ALWAYS watching you!
Liar, traitor, corrupt, hypocrite!

You were re-elected on FALSE pretenses, you are illegitimate!
More bad #Obamacare news: Arizonans will face premium hikes of 51-75% nxt yr - another indictment of this failed law http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=BD9FDA30-CF8E-45AB-8276-F59CD0FB4A8F …
What about the sailors u killed with that fire showing off on the aircraft carrier. Afterburners killed many and almost burnt the ship up

Yes...and BTW lots of Muslims at John Kerry's daughters wedding..since she married an Iranian!



Don't you just love McCain! That's how I feel too! Who cares what Altright Breitbart Bannon thinks? 60 mins gave platform
They keep us safe from who, Senator? The 9/11 perpetrators? Most of them are retired or dead, huh?
How much are you receiving from the Military Industrial Complex to incite war & keep secrets? $700,000 - 1.5M? Am I close?

I impart my deeply condolences regarding 9/11 to your excellency and the great nation of USA.
We should also never forget this was done by Saudis...our "ally"
It amazes me that even with this beautiful and heartfelt tribute, the haters just have to hate. Stay strong, Senator, and thank you.
We must never forget the day John McCain fucked us with Obamacare, I mean mccaincare
Traitor please just be quiet.
Agreed...Now retire already! 
JHN  MCCAIN WE ALL WILL DIE AS YOUR HIGHNESS DEATH SOONER THAT IS EXPECTED REENET WHAT Y DID INTHE SENATEM devil   is  waiting ala funguolo
How about U support our President and the people who voted for him U did more for Obama divider in chief. You guys have it all n do nothibg
Seen your CNN interview you got nerve. President Trump loves the Military!! He will spare no expense an new world order = dictatorship
This is John McCaim... This is how you will be remembered!1!!!!
CAN'T YOU JUST FEEL THE LOVE!

All Nations died at the hands of Greedy Americans on that day. Why memorialize it!!!
NEVER FORGET!
Uncover the many unanswered questions b4 u die Senator. Leave a real legacy to Meghan. I know what went on that day. Black boxes. VR's .amen
You have been living off your years as a POW for too long.
Yep. Luckily the survivors have Obamacare and they are happy. They can't afford their premiums tho. And lost their Doctors. #116%. Thanks
Douce.
They have done more for this country than you will ever do in your political failure

Senator you have to answer for the 130 sailors on the USS Forrestal. This is on you. Let all Americans know the truth. Your very own 9/11.
傻逼老畜生，你怎麼還不死！恭喜老畜生早日升天！
Thank you.
What do you care your a Hilary supporter your a Democrat a traitor to ur party
Your the real Nazi you did more 4 Obama the divider in chief than 4 Trump who got U elected ur a traitor to this country a globalist shame.
Interesting that you would call McCain a traitor? since he fought in Nam and you fought where and what conflict???????
Guess you havnt heard the tapes the ones that were sealed until last year sorry I have no respect for someone who betrays country n party
Well since you seem to think i somehow betrayed the country, with me being in Desert Storm and O.I.F seems kinda weird don't you think?
I rarely agree with you politically, Senator, but I ALWAYS respect you.
Iraq, Pakistan & Afghanistan come to mind. We're truly sorry for your loss but how do you justify your elitist murders thru wars and drones
Our sympathies 2 Except for the millions of innocent Muslims murdered after that thru wars & drones as an expression of retributive justice!
- don't forget about Benghazi & people that died because of illegal gun running of HRC & BHO - TRUTH & JUSTICE FOR ALL !
We remember those who sacrificed 2 preserve our FREEDOM & honor them by not accepting the ugly division & hate perpetrated by @POTUS #resist
May God have his eye on US more than ever... be strong during those moments.
#DrainTheSwamp
We will never forget your no vote on Obama care always remember John McCain as the despicable one
But John, you're yet another @GOP Senator who voted against the 9/11 1st responder bill!! #Remember911 #NeverForget
You should have a stay-at-home soccer mom!!!
Johnny Rotten is decomposing in front of our eyes. Spare us of your stench.
Or the Saudis that were on the jets or the flight training they got in Florida or the Bush bros
How about you never forget the responders who are still sick or the soldiers you sent off to war and take care of them all properly
GO AWAY.  TIME TO GO JOHN.

This is what the rest of the world remember. Your murders. So pathetic, shame on you.
And then they became rich! MCCain 9 million Dollars! Another foundation! Who are you kidding!@SenJohnMcCain
Never forget that the Saudi government did it and massive cover ups, evidence destruction and redactions hid the truth!
Attempts to counter terrorism after 9/11 failed because its godfather #Iran regime was ignored. We must focus on Iran mullahs to stop terror
#NeverForget this...
#AUDITCIANSAFBI #AUDITSTATEDEPT
#AUDITCONGRESS
https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2013/1/2/1175717/-Why-doesn-t-anyone-ask-Rumsfeld-where-the-2-3-TRILLION-went …
NOT ONE MORE CENT FOR YOUR DIRTY WARS!
