God is smiling on you John!
Senator John McCain is just a human being mind you. He has supported many good things than otherwise.
Thank you for sharing it with us. And - again - thank you for voting no and standing up for all Americans.
Yes especially when you would never go on obamacare . Thnx for creating. War jobs overseas for our children & incredible care of vets.
ACA not good enough for McCain. Even with his millions we pay his $12,000 subsidies while rest of us have no access due to high deductible.
Kathleen, Obama wanted single payer insurance and the GOP turned it down, including Trump, so quit your kvetching and know the facts.
Did y'all see Trumps economic numbers? Too bad congress can't do its job. Won't matter pretty sure Trump can do it alone! #MAGA
Destroy our country, yes! He can do it alone!
Sweetheart, if 1M jobs, 2.6 %GDP, lowest unemployment in 16 yrs, and record high stock market 22k, is your idea of destroying the country..
#ThanksObama
McCain Institute just like Clinton Foundation is a  device to receive foreign money laundered into McCain Lobby
Absolutely. McCain is dirty as a sin!
Na you sabi. You nko?
Yomi, Please speak English so that I understand what you mean.
Only a psychopath pushes to murder in NK,Ukraine,Syria,based on lies then talks rainbows.your GF Lindsey must have his hand down your shorts
To the indefatigable senator from Arizonà, I say the rainbow is terrifically awesome. It's a divine sign that God is in Cornville.
A reflection of hope. Hope you are well Senator! Bless you!
Why have you lied to America about repealing Obamacare? 
U R a turncoat and a Democrat!!
Any chance we can get this national disgrace and hypocrite john McRino to retire?
Miss you on Fox Meghan.  
Hope you see a bright light next.
Since it's McCain we're talking about, most likely it will be the light from the fires of the burning pit.
@MeghanMcCain Sis.  What are you doing?
What did you wish for?
Great Senator John McCain, I salute your courage always. Don't mind those people talking nonsense. They're suffering from bad belle syndrome
RETIRE you swamper!!
It's a signal to stop being a traitor.  Do what you said you would do or retire.
glad you have the time to enjoy your day. in other news FIX OUR HEALTHCARE please please remember just for one vote that you serve US
Wait for it, wait for it...

Jus like your obamacare vote.
please look into this https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21220494 
Miss you. #outnumbered is not the same. Prayers for your amazing father. Lost my first husband with this disease.
Leave the Senate
Arizona Gov Doug Ducey: Recall Arizona Senator John McCain https://www.change.org/p/arizona-gov-doug-ducey-recall-arizona-senator-john-mccain?recruiter=751480189&utm_campaign=signature_receipt&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=share_petition … via @Change
With all repect, you're out of it
Leave him alone. Unpatriotic twit.
Cute, dumb, bye
Hope you're feeling better & thank you for voting no

Don't be so crude and ignorant
What's crude and ignorant is that other veterans wait in their treatment but he gets it right away.


He's a joke!! He would help the Vietnam Vets!! And he's a traitor to our country. North Vietnam called him Song Bird. Gave out top secrets.
Beautiful !
@MeghanMcCain what a weird cloud formation. It looks like it says "Repeal Obamacare"
Yes everything is beautiful when you're on your last days
NK war talk intended distraction from DT investigation?  War gives POTUS virtual unlimited power!
@MeghanMcCain hope all well with you and your father! Miss you at 12 noon! Have great respect for your dad! Confusing times!
God's promise not to flood the earth anymore; could also be a message to get right with GOD
Should not have lied . Recall coming
support our president please.
Love how now all of a sudden these liberals think you are the greatest. Go get treatment from the VA that you said you fixed. But you won't
Oh! Is there a pot o' gold at the end with you being voted out of your Senate seat? #mccainswamper
Another crude ignorant belittling person, with a little narrow mind...
Your hatred of Trump is getting in the way of you being an American first. Shame on you..
@MeghanMcCain so many liberal bots praising McCain's tweets and his vote on #healthcarebill. All Americans need to know.
Take your dad he needs to go away also.

Well that jyst can't be Senator. White House had a rainbow the other day & it was touted as miracle. Maybe a miracle's coming ur way
He is a disappointment to us. He lied. So stay out on the bench looking at rainbows. We don't want you back liar!
Beautiful!
Hubby & I thought a rainbow was a good sign, but it didn't work out that way. Time to pray.
Retire and you can look at them all day.
Beautiful landscape. Nice part of the country.
Love Hidden Valley Ranch! Get well!
I think it's time that "John Boy" grows up and Vote for the American People, not his vendetta against President  Trump.
that's god saying ur going to hell! BUH BYE!!
Dictionary = Traitor, Pic of John McCain/Benedict Arnold to our beloved country the U.S.A.  GO TO BED JOHN FOREVERMORE!!!!
John, good luk wit dat rainbow, what has happened 2 U? Peeps did not want U in 2008 suk itup leave Trump alone take your ball & just go home


Beautiful! A great photo to find peace in. Healing takes peace, no room for stress.
Instead of looking at this rainbow why don't you fix our health care system? ?????? #ipay1000$amonththanksalot
Beautiful!
McCain, once a traitor always a traitor. Pardon by President Ford, McCain is still a traitor to date.
That is God's promise that even when evil seems strong. God is watching over Trump and supporters. Against even john the traitor!
Why don't you worry about helping America instead of selling out instead of taking pictures of rainbows, fraud?
Coward!
You have betrayed us 1x too many McCain.  Retire NOW w/whatever dignity you have left.  I've supported you for more than 1/2 my life-NOW GO!
Family based legal immigration benefits USA! Please don't punish US citizens & immigrants' families! Lets fix illegal immigration problem!
Yes it is lovely Senator. Wishing you a speedy recovery
I was born in Arizona, so glad I live in Arkansas now and don't have you to represent me. Tom Cotton is awesome!
I wish you well in your recovery from cancer. I hate that you are against the will of the people. Please just retire or become  a Democrat
A tweet from John McCain that actually makes sense
It's calling you. Go follow it and stay the hell out of Washington.
How about you keep your promise to repeal Obamacare? That would be a novel idea....oh wait, you said you would. Are you a liar?
This is a perfect past time for a retired Senator.  Please get to it.
Amazing
In couple months you will be seeing it from ...above.
Your a hack john !! Get on the Trump train ! Stop crying because your not or ever will be President! How your buddy chuck Schummer
You fought for Freedom but sold out all AMERICAN'S for SOCIALIST OBAMACARE RIGHT THE WRONG SENATOR McCain
#ashamedAZ
You fought for Freedom but sold out all AMERICAN'S FOR SOCIALIST OBAMACARE. Right the wrong Senator McCain
Look down John. I'm sure you're heading DOWN.
Please stay in Arizona and give up your seat so work can get done in Washington
Enjoy it John! You screwed over the entire country. Hope you're happy & enjoying that rainbow
To bad you are under it
.ok, so you have nothing better to do than read, take hikes & pics. SHUT UP & quit tweeting!
You're a dork McCain focus on what really matters you #RINO
A beautiful rainbow to show you the light to support @realDonaldTrump our wonderful @POTUS.Hopefully rainbows will show all RINOs that light
You can put that rainbow where the sun don't shine.
Rainbow is not meant for you !!!
Spot on as always Brigitt! 
Was it sign from heaven for you?
Wow
There was a double rainbow directly over the White House two days ago so I guess God does have a favorite! You lose again McCain.
Beautiful bow. Don't care a bit for your recent politics. But prayers and best wishes for your health.
Well it certainly isn't for u TRAITOR!!!!


Retire
So traitorous snakes enjoy rainbows too? Good to know. Now resign early, because even if you don't retire, this is your last term.
The Devil is waiting for you And you will pay for all your sins
Soon......
Incredible!!! That pot at the end of the rainbow?  That's your career in the toilet.
Too bad some Service Members who didn't betray their country in Vietnam couldn't see that Rainbow. But you did.
Please stay there you traitorous liberal P.O.S. SAD!
.
Sad that he is sick BUT

He is a Liar Scumbag

He has voted with the DEMS more times than with WE THE PEOPLE!

He MUST Go!
.
Retire and enjoy your beautiful state !
By voting no, you had better fix it. Obama care has destroyed much of the middle class. Doing nothing is not an option. Finish it!
Nothing. Not even your herd of My Little Ponies are going to help you McCain. #ItsOver
You're a joke...
Lifting you, your family & medical doctors up in prayer. God bless you.
Here's what you will find at the end of McCain's rainbow.......................
Why can't you vote to just talk about the Obamacare bill. Please!
Wouldn't it at least get us closer to real? We are a team. Your state is the highest when it comes to O'care premiums. Be Republican
Bring us together. We have it within our grasp. It's right there and you and the ladies are ruining it. Please sir!
They're saving tens of thousands of American lives from a bullshit "healthcare" plan that's just a disguised tax cut for the very rich.
Jackass.
Time 2 retire, enjoyRainbos &Let someone younger replace you. Your brain (sorry) is deteriorating, judging by ur attacks on sittng GOP Prez.
Traitor,  change parties

I run my life standing for something while John McCain runs his standing for nothing but money and votes!
This man was almosted killed for USA. u trust a man that deferred on a lie. #TrumpCowardSupportersStupid
He wasn't almost killed he made sure he sang, sang and sang to demean his troops!
Support President TRUMP
YEAH AND THERE'S A SAM AT DA END OF THE BOW>>HEH HEH
You #disgust me I want my  back from @GOP you sir have become nothing more than a #liar.. #MAGA
Instead of standing with Americans you stood with the lies and deceit of Barack Obama and the DNC. You are a fraud & a menace
Please retire!!!
Rainbows are a blessing for all Northern Arizonans this time of year.  Everyone should take a few minutes to enjoy them
Looks beautiful. I call dibs on whatever we find at the end of the rainbow.
This country doesn't need a new president. 
This president needs a new congress.
And we intend to give it to him.

People do not care about a rainbow.  We care abut the Health Care that we do not have because of you.  Go kiss up some more to Biden.
Because I prayed for you 
Senator McCain people attacked me too for my integrity stay strong
You are a crazy old Rhino you are finished repealing and replacing the tired old weak Rhinos #tictoc
Take good care Senator
You are done!  You are an old fart that has gone senile!  You are not a true American when it comes to health care!

Hey! You're a liar!
G-d sent you a pretty strong message! Get out of the way of the American people and OUR Pres!
Shut up. You are the weak liar who betrayed Americans. You are no hero Johnny boy.
Executive action, thats what's gonna fix your treacherous act, you do realize we see u for what u are?
Please follow it and leave the government. We don't need your vindictiveness towards the president anymore. You have been a problem
I pray for your well being, Senator McCain. I hope you enjoy many rainbows. Thank you for voting NO.
Time for a lil self-reflection on what motivates a person to go against what he campaigned on. In Texas, you r a liar!
The rainbow is beautiful. God placed a bow in the sky as sort of a promise that he would never destroy mankind again with water.
Hope you are feeling well, enjoy the rainbow
Ignore the kooks, sir.
Support President TRUMP
He hates him. He is part of establishment who are trying to get rid of him.
That rainbow is no big deal. Last winter in Scottsdale I saw a double. Now that is incredible.
Great guy, so stay alive to watch rainbows for another 50 years....:)
You lied
Pleez stay in Arizona.Get your treatments or don't. Couldn't care less. But stay there and retire. And stop flapping your mouth. Rhino
Is it true you want to oust Prez Trump from the 2020 Rep ticket? He can start his own party and he will win.  You fools just don't get it.
You're great. You're a rainbow.
Glad to see they finally found whats been eating your brains since becoming the worst senator in history..Keating 5 member,Hanoi traitor!
John chase that rainbow  somewhere over the rainbow you might be able to find the healthcare you have been talking promised  people
You betrayed us senator.  You didnt hurt Trump. You betrayed the American ppl who voted for you to repeal.  You broke your word to America.
Iron Rainbow for Iron Water, what message did you receive Iron Water, it was most powerful, know this message, for it is so. Safe travels.
You really are a bitter old man Songbird! Doesn't matter if the GOP supports Trump or not, it didn't before. What matters is us!
the republican voters in this country would like you to step down for being a traitor to our country.Supporting illegals over vets is bad
So proud of you Sir! A true hero! Thank you for doing so much for our country! Get better soon!
I'm sure it popped up just for you my man!  Best wishes for a speedy recovery --
No, he likes to think he has that much power and has damaged Trump.
He doesn't and he hasn't.
Traitor from Nam to D.C.
Trump WILL prevail.
Dear Senator, don't misread the tea leaves.  There is way more support for Trump than you see. Your approval rating is 10% work together!!
Thank you for voting with logic and wisdom, instead of just sticking to party lines. Big bipartisan progress if more were like you. Get well

Maybe you will get a rainbow in hell when you meet Satan himself!
Please don't let legal immigrants to suffer because of bigotry. God bless you for not taking people out of health insurance!
Well.Senator your Rainbow Shine the day you voted no to stop the healthcare bill.
Hopefully will you remain a hero fighting for just causes


You have to wonder....
Mhm. What a traitor #maga #drainthesewer #sewermonsters
