Legendary country singer and guitarist Glen Campbell died Tuesday at the age of 81. More on his life:  http://cbsn.ws/2vN4y54  
@SenJohnMcCain Please explain to the American people why your fellow soldiers called you "Songbird" & why you needed a Presidential Pardon!
He killed 133 sailors showing off. He belongs in jail. He ratted on the other Lows. He's a traitor, liar democrat

Multiple tweets about same subject. Too bad you didn't put that effort into fulfilling campaign promises. Sen McCain (D or R) ??
please leave the senate NOW
McCain stay home.  You do nothing for this country. You should resign.
DRAIN THE SWAMP
It's time for you to get out of Phoenix
Sad that Glen as a very  ailing man was so exploited.

In 2008 you said Bomb Bomb Bomb Bomb Bomb Iran!  So who are you to  say what President Trump should or shouldn't 
say to North Korea...
Your turn John. We are are all counting on your passing. You can do it!!!
I'd rather see him hang for Treason
SENATOR YOU HAVE ALSO GIVEN ME MEMORIES! WHICH I WILL NOT FORGET !YOU BROKE THE TIDE AND WON THE BATTLE FOR US ALL!
It won't be long until you are a memory.
A bad memory
That was our anthem ! Made Phoenix and all Az.part of the
Dream!! Thanks Glen and you John McCain a beacon always.
I wish it was you instead of  Glenn Cambell.Leave Trump alone!You don't fit in the GOP.
Your time has passed. Retire and let the country experience the help it voted for.
Keep your promise.
That'll be you next mcCain
Sad news. My dad used to listen to him when I was a little girl. I am sorry fir this family's loss. My prayers are with you. RIP    :(
McCain when are you going to start working for the USA instead of Soros,
Wish we could say the same for you.
"You know I need a small vacation, but it don't look like rain..."   RIP Glen
Why are you a traitor?  Will you side with North Korea like you did with North Vietnam?
Quit undermining the President every time you turn around.
Sorry for the really inhuman things people say to you.
you should retire so we can forget about you
You will be joining him soon Would you like to publicly repent from your many sins?????
I saw him perform once. He was very talented. Hope you are well sir.
Nobody believes anything you say anymore...with good reason
Sorry someone died IF true, but it wasn't Glenn. Was it your fellow look-alike in crime?
http://Oathkeepers.org : McCain’s 1969 Tokyo Rose Propaganda Recording Released Traitor Turned Against USA https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
Can the Chairman of the Senate's Armed Forces Committee order Tweet Leaker's fingers and tongue cut off to stop Intelligence Leaks?
He is one of the leaks
TRAITOROUS SCUMBAGS: McCain & Graham tried to gut 9/11 bill and immunize foreign governments funding terrorists https://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/12/mccain-and-graham-seek-to-gut-911-bill-to-immunize-foreign-governments-funding-terrorists …
"Wichita Lineman" came out before I was born but there's always been something about that song....I still love it.
I'll be glad when you're just a memory #TRAITOR

God bless you! Glen Campbell is a hero too. Brave to share his difficult journey with Alz. I send you a big huge hug and lots of love sir.
@CBSNews who is a bigger traitor to their country
Traitor

Sellout
@CBSNews ... Did Glen Campbell know you are funding terrorists to destroy Syria and overthrow Assad?
We Arizona residents would like to say that about you if you retire very soon or go to the Democratic Party like you seem to be leaning
RETIRE! PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF THIS COUNTRY RETIRE OR JUST ADMIT YOUR A DEMOCRAT!
Glad to see you're still around.
Not for long  
Brain cancer is very painful I hear
AMEN
I doubt seriously we will be saying anything like that when you are voted out of the Senate.
His next election is 2022. Assuming he's around, no chance in hell he'd want to run.
Well Songbird you must be very conflicted between WAR (NK) and your hatred of @POTUS. I see you chose hatred. Figures...
: (
"& I need you more than want you, & I want you for all time...". Great lyric. Great man. He gave America the beauty of his music.Thx Glen 
"I need you more than want you. And I want you for all time."
Maybe you could unblock the GOP & help them move forward on many fronts. ARE YOU GOING TO END YOUR CAREER AS A WALL BLOCKING YOUR OWN PARTY?
You've... said this already
@CBSNews 
Hi Meghan.
