What cuts were those? List Plz! So many changes- don't need old military machine, need modern military
Why?  Do we have any actual threats to US soil?  Do our people need to keep dying for other countries?  Cut spending more!
It happened on your watch McCain. RESIGN!
Push Sessions to resign!  Where are we when we need you McCain? Stop being a trump puppet!
Bullshit! National debt (~20,000,000,000,000) is 1450x more than the age of the universe (~13,800,000,000).  Increase taxes/Reduce spending!
#quanti siciliani edistono nel suolo americano? Sono il male nel modo
The fear-mongering, inflammatory language of both sides needs to stop, we don't need walls & weapons but intelligent policies
When was there a cut? Sequestration was merely a limit on growth.
manning is at an all time low, suicide rates are up because our military is doing just as much as before with way less people.
You may not have noticed, but our occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan have ended. The large scale deployments are over.
horse shit we're still involved with Afghanistan and are bombing away Iraq along with all the IS countries.
just cause Obama "ended" those wars doesn't mean we are still overseas. Deployment cycles are just as high as they've always been
No. The number of troops involved and the pace of operations is only a small fraction of the peak.
just call this pancake, flip this side to the other, unstable in all his ways, watch out for this snake!
by getting rid of endowments for the arts? Clean air and clean water as a resource for all? Yah try again...power hungry
the answet is always the same give $$$ to rich fix economy & $$ defense
Seeing 45 on a Military vessel was most disgusting! His attack on you on a POW was unforgiveable! What r U doing to rid him?
but why do more than experts at pentagon need?
that's one thing we can agree on!
then use the money from the wall. That is a pure waste of money.
we have the biggest military of any country. Why can we afford more but not taking care of ourselves?
let's paint a good picture and tell the works how ready we are! The biggest threat to the world is in the White House
what about the damage we're doing to the planet because of our unwillingness to confront our fossil fuel addiction?
invest in American citizens not defense contractors
what are YOU going to do about Sessions?  Your constituents are waiting for U to call for his resignation!  He's a Liar!
it's not the cuts, it's the mismanagement. increasing is giving contracts to cronies for shit we already have or don't need
Why didn't U fight 4 the military past 8 years? I don't know why people even listen 2 you since you are part of the problem
is it cuts or too many Contractors
If you would work with the president and not against him he will fix our military
a child of two marine parents I disagree with your views on military spending but honor the fact that you did serve.Thank you
Should be law that senators be required to serve in the military or have primary family members actively serving.
Senator, as someone I greatly respect I disagree.   World expenditure on defense is 1676 billion and US's is 596 billion-
you know if we updated the tax code where businesses and the wealthy pay their fair share we'd have more money for this.
You are a Democrat in Republican clothing  and you are a P.O.S. the Republican people had enough of you and Graham
then vote no to reduce taxes, we can't afford it at this time. Spend it on defense but keep the revenue coming in.
.@SenJohnMcCain, you steadfastly refused to raise taxes over that same period.  Defense sequestration became necessary as a result.
I am a liberal democrat who could get behind that statement. I'm not against a strong military.
why do we have these issues when we spend more then the next 12 countries combined. Where is the $ going?
insist on full public disclosure of #RussianHacking of our election. #CountryOverParty #patriotism
you guys forced the sequester on Obama in a debt ceiling increase hissy fit which cut military/other spending. It's ur fault.
I wish I could vote for your competition in upcoming election. We don't need another war monger.
You're not believable. You could the Russian link for all we know.
I suppose since the rest of the world hates us now, we should increase our DOD budget.
yes we should so quit undermining your President and start supporting him!
what are the specifics. I swear it's just bold statements without facts to justify spending.
really we spend 57% of the budget on the military.  Time for the military to figure out how to spend money correctly.
Defense lobby celebrating as their establishment hack fights for more funding for them.
defend J Sessions
you sh_t all over Trump every day and expect him to support you? Go home! U R a has been. ! #63MillionStrong
Defense gets the lion's share of the budget. How about some fiscal responsibility?
Education has been hit with cuts, we must undo this damage. #Resist #2018 #2020
Karma will come knocking on your door and you will not be able to recover from it.
you becoming Trumps mouthpiece? We've got many more problems than this BS!!!
Y aren't u ever on Fox? It's only cause CNN and MSNBC will listen to ur traitorous lies and BS.
Obamas's Strategic Patience Program - 8 yrs of NOTHING (quote from Ambassador John Bolton)
I repeat we spend more money than the next seven countries... combined. Where's the fiscal responsibility? #warhawk
spend money on health of your own citizens , you are the greatest nation on earth, unlimited potential but poor aspirations
Vietnam? More bombs dropped on it than in WW2 in total, and USA still lost,  the will of the Vetnamise.  #USAImperialism
remember, the sequester? Besides a few ridiculous partisan ideas, repub congress refused to act which set cuts into motion.
USA will never challenge China or Russia militarily, they can defend themselves, pick on th weak kids in the yard!
which foreign country do you wish to bomb back to the stonage in the name of democracy & freedom, preferably  a small one!
should we not be more heavily focused on cyber threats? The election is proof cyber should be top security priority
That's BS! Stop trying to go to war already maniac. We should b cutting back more.
US spending more than the next 7 largest military budgets!  Almost $600 Billion in 2015.  Russia about $80 China about $170.
I just bet you want to increase military spending seeing as how you want the USA togo to war with Russia  you globalist
I respect you, but we need to spend money HERE not on bombs and weapons
oh no  lies
not going to deny we need a healthy military but not at the expense of our ACA, Medicare & Medicaid.
Awesome. How do you want to pay for it? @SenJohnMcCain
really?  What about colluding with the Russians?  My guess is that is more damaging to national security.  What do you think?
Drop budget for ridiculous wall and you'll have 25 billion right off the bat.
Come on John, the US overspends here every damn year. How about putting it into health, education, infrastructure?
Its not the result of 8 years of Obama. It's the result of eight years of sequestrations enacted by congress. Cmon dude.
please you send our military to war but not enough money to take care our Veterans when they come home smdh
A few percentage points on military funding is small potatoes compared to the damage done by a Russian installed fool in WH.
@AGJeffBSessions @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
RUSSIA DONATED $1 MILLION TO MCCAIN CAMPAIGN! INVESTIGATE!
stop blaming Obama when it comes to cuts look at your own party didn't you republicans block the veterans jobs bill act smdh
we are definitely strong enough and need money for other more important issues
where were you the last 8 yrs?
oh come on Senator you have better fish to fry get to work, and investigate all this mess in the white house. #Putin  own it
no. Just no. Try to stop the B.S. not spread it. And more money is not the answer, almost never is #fail
Sessions must resign
For more detail, google "Restoring American Power". McCain makes case for how military has been eroded & capabilities needed.
Good God; McCain Ned's to retire while he's still a hero!
How about allowing President Trump do do his job! Get over the fact that a non politician was elected!
Please stop the bull shit.
so the fact that we still out spend the next 8 nations combined must mean that we suck at spending that money? #moneydrain?
You Americans just love wars and killing .. even your own .. especially your own .. think about that
You were part of the do nothing Congress quaking in your boots over Obama. Take credit for your inaction. 894/899
more important things to do and more effective than being the world's bully to effect the changes we want.
Increases in the Defense budget during the Bush Administration broke us! 8 years and beyond. There needed to be a decrease.
Yeah, you/Graham are doing such a great job of working with POTUS to make that happen - NOT! You lost, he won, stop whining!
Pretty sad that McCain won't defend Owen's widow and Trump from the Democrats and MSM. Some veteran McCain is! Pathetic
We become weaker by the day while @POTUS is in office. My God! Please investigate! This coverup is unbelievable! Complicit!
Draining the swamp won't be easy but a good start is $50+ billion cuts to exec. departments! and going to military instead!
so why didn't you do anything over the last eight years except start to and vote for sequestration!
Obama interfered in Israeli & Muldova elections - both democratic - why no investigation?
Just throw money at problem and it'll go away? 2 bad that's not ur solution to education and healthcare.
by DD he would takeaway from ACA.  WHAT'S IMPORTANT CREATE WAR? HEALTHY Americans
He is a warmonger, he wants to make $$$ off of a war with Russia.  He is evil
You helped cut the military defense I am sure. One has to get to know ones enemies. It's called strategy.
Sessions needs to resign..we need Russia out of OUR government!!!!#SessionsLied #SessionsMustResign #Trumprussia
with current global situation, it's always good to be prepared
Pentagon reports Yemen mission yielded very valuable intelligencel. Sen. McCain doing damage to troops moral. Bad Leader
How about addressing damage Trump is doing to the nation right now?
What damage? The trillions added to the economy or the massive repatriation of manufacturing jobs!
And who is responsible for the cuts? Is the GOP trying to pin their actions on Obama? Probably.
Obama not only degraded the US military , he busted the Middle East , enhance Iran's secterianism and Russia is USSR again.

trying to make up his reputation 
perhaps u r right But do u see tht the request 2 increase military + Trump's anxiety w/ other countries= fear in ppl?
We spend more on military than virtually all other nations combined. No more $ for military. Rebuild at home!
You have Obama to thank for that !
Please make @realDonaldTrump make Sessions resign
.@SenJohnMcCain Absolutely, the US has dropped from the highest spending country to erm...oh...still the highest military spending country.
C'mon...There are so many ways to look at natl defense. We better look a the virus within fueled by fear and bigotry.
Do you mean POTUS is a virus? Shouldn't insult viruses.
Nearly 50% of US kids live in poverty. How can we spend 54 bil on military, while so many kids suffer with food insecurity?
Cut the bloated government in every other agencies! We can find billions in savings if Congress agrees w/POTUS & acts.
stop going to war for no reason
good luck getting volunteers to work under this Commander in chief.  Not worth the risk to fight for his whims.
 Oh & Russia?
. Remember, liberals hate the military.
My dear Senator is 100% CORRECT!!!
WE MUST MAINTAIN OUR DEFENSE FORCES AND SUPPORT OUR MILITARY!
100 MORE BILLION IS NEEDED!
You mean you are actually finally supporting the President??? It's about time!!!
. Make sure we get the money we need.
Will you return any funds you got from Soros? AND will you start holding Dems accountable for their lies, subversion?
but for a real country it sounds like treason and corruption!
with all due respect ? Cuts we've been in war for 12 years?time to bring troops home. I know you enjoy war but enough is eno
Sorry, sir, but you are completely off your rocker. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C56xK9uXQAEgN10.jpg:large …
Sir when can we the impeachment process started on 45 and his administration. Lies and Russian ties make a great movie plot
How much defense money went down the toilet though John?
Come on McCain. US already has budget 2.5X China, and 7X anyone else. How about spending on health/edu/infrastructure????????
ha! Almost EXACTLY what I just tweeted. Perhaps it will sink in before we go the route, ironically, of the USSR?

,this ,just wants to profit off sells of arms

yet cuts to EPA, State Dept, and Foreign Aid won't cause damage? We don't need $54b of cuts to go to military
