You applaud him for everything 
Shouldn't those same expectations be had for the Executive branch? #IndependentInvestigation #TaxMarch #transparency
Now Now Senator. Do you realize who it is that you are applauding?
exactly. No morals. Clap clap for the treasonous  @potus
Surely your tweet was not directed to me. I have been defined with many different titles but the definition for the word scum does not fit.
no it was me. I'm honored
my original tweet was sarcasm. McCain never applauds Trump.
Maybe so, after she realized that I am a conservative and that my original post was tongue in cheek trashing McCain. Not a fan
Funny how as I make the rounds on #GOP #SENATE pages, that is what you are all saying. So why couldn't the GOP come up with a BILL?
I applaud him on a different event made a few weeks ago. Bombed Tora-bora back to stone age caves & silenced tough-guy Putin. USA!
Too bad these were not done before...oh yeah Obama was President & Veterans were last on the totem pole & whistleblowers were liars! #MAGA
Yep,too bad @POTUS had to do it by yet again an #ExecutiveOrder because the #GOP #senate refuses to do SHIT for him.
I almost forgot all the new found love and admiration you have for Trump .
Flip-fopper should be your name.
Wow!!  Amazing how doing the right thing isn't so hard.
Thank you for your life long honorable service of our country. Sorry it wasn't enough to keep the vile mindset out of Washington.
Really? you applaud the POTUS for holding others accountable, but not the POTUS himself? Did you forget his taxes @SenJohnMcCain?
Why do his taxes matter?  Hillary's connections to Russia didn't matter. Hillary's destruction of government property didn't matter.
Applaud this #EmolumentsClause
UNWELCOME GUEST? Trump invites controversial Philippines leader Duterte to White House http://fxn.ws/2qmDeoB  via @foxnewspolitics
U applaud him for protecting whistleblowers in the va yet he wants to expose the ones in the WH. Ur a sad rep for AZ!
When is Congress going to enact laws so that Drumpf doesn't make so many EOs? #kremlingate needs immediate independent investigation.
Potus words-only b/c not giving docs, firing AG, Nunes, et all. Potus NOT keepg promises b/c said everything at some time. MINORITY elected.
Applauding Trump makes you complicit in his crimes. Are you a traitor too?
Does standing behind the left make you a traitor? Standing behind our Constitution makes us Patriots .
Why another EO? This needs a real live Bill passed!!
We must be able to fire the bad ones. Not just move them to another position. Their pay grade stays the same. Bad here, then bad anywhere.
Drinking the Trump-Aid now, Senator? Try holding @potus accountable for calling for harsh actions to be taken against WH whistle blowers.
You can't really believe that from this man??!
Are you senile or just a jerk?
wow so whistleblowers are good ?
So one dinner and you love rump. What does he have on you.
Applaud? Mr. McCain, you applaud this Pres.? Applaud him for what? Keep applauding!
THANKS. More accountability needed here as well: State Dept./DOJ/FBI are still trying to protect HRC. Time for agencies to blow a whistle.
I just have one question. Why did it take a different administration for this to happen? Congress/Senate knew about the issues & did nothing
If you can't beat him, join him, right Johnny? #resist
So nice you applaud his one good act and ignore his treason, bigotry, irrational judgment, etc. God help you McCain a once great man caving.
hey he's causing international conflict and hiding his #trumprussia treasons i.e. #Flynn. Notice that? #traitor
How about saving the whilw America from the administration from the top down..drain the white house
Why weren't you leading the way?
IS @realDonaldTrump @potus just going to be king now? Issuing EO like they are royal proclamations. Why couldn't legislators get this thru?
Why are you afraid to have a town hall open to the public? DO YOUR JOB!
We'll have a lot more veterans after WWWIII (if we survive). Don't push us into a war!!
dont fuck the court 
i unfollow u
most of the judge even the conservatives think that fuck the court is not good
I notice #POTUS45 does not encourage whistleblowing in @TheJusticeDept or @WhiteHouse #Trumprussia
Yeah, since you let the VA go into the crapper on your watch.
Finally someone who's going to do something about the VA
Oh good so Snowden is a free man. Lol  you are a washed up, ass kissing politician who will say anything.
This was only a dog and pony show... so he can brag on Saturday for His 100 day In the Office! Hope he keeps our soldier out of harms way!
Are you made of lime or orange Jello?
RUSSIA.
U can't applaud a Russian conspirator John! Your credibility drops daily.
When the leaders are corupt this won't protect anyone We have a Lier & Cheif Bent on destroying America
Anything John McCain applauds, I do too... and I TOTALLY hate "el trompa"
Please be true to what you gave so much to. #50Stars
time to build the wall!!!  Fix Ocare!!  Cut Taxes!!! and support your great president! No excuses!!
Too many EO's write better laws and create accountability within. ridiculous that fed employees almost never get fired even when deserved.
The fact that you applaud anything Trump does shows you're more about party than the people. Where's your integrity?
Barack: "Ronald Reagan would roll over in His grave."
Twitter is hacked and dishonest, and I have no more e-mail. Have you read Imprimis, Caldwell, on the Republican-Russian Connection?
Yea, my Tumpster relatives laid a perjurous accusation and had me seized, 20 days before I got a word in to a judge. No one investigates?
Really?? So Snowden is in the clear now..or is it only when it's something you want to hear?
shut it you don't care about us
I have received three death threats, been knocked off the internet by Trumpster Trolls, seized and kept 20 days since you wrote me last-FBI?
Yeah, whistleblowers are good as long as they don't have anything to say about Russia or him!
From someone who has the worst VA record
Through ANOTHER EO that, when used by the previous admin,  the GOP and 45 described as executive power overreach. Hypocrisy at its finest.
What are you doing about Russia's interference in our election and a cabinet full of Russian agents?
When are you going to start doing something credible rather than being a sideliner?
Didn't you run for President?
Term limits now  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you wanna sign a good one. How about Honorably discharged veterans kids get free state college????
Think he has any interest protecting whistleblowers in his own administration? holding his own admin accountable? But I am happy for the VA
So why did not U think of this if it is such a good thing to do? U have been in DC forever! Yes, I remember now, U R part of the do nothings
Funny...You were the loudest voice of them all when @Snowden blew the whistle on the creepy spy program of the NSA. @SenJohnMcCain pandering
NEW VERSION OF TRUMPCARE IS AS BAD OR WORSE THAN ORIGINAL ALL JUST TO FEED TRUMPS EGO IN FIRST 100 DAYS! SHAME! VOTE NO!
Quit kissing 45's ass, Mr. McCain. You're losing what little credibility you have left.
Really? First time you listen to America. Support your president John McCain. Quit thinking you know what's best. You do not. Please retire.
Maybe someone will whistle blow on T and his family
Sucking up now to the Orange Man, John?  The last to fall
How can you applaud this pseudo improvement, politicized by a draft dodging phony?  He needs to be in jail with his corrupt comrades.
Wouldn't this be useful everywhere, not just VA?
@POTUS needs to be impeached. Russia/ emoluments/ nepotism hell and NO VALUES EXCEPT MONEY AND LYING
About time you give potus some credit there John!!
a joke he should fix the accountability issues in his own administration 
Since U were a POW McCain how did you go from executive orders finding out who in the administration and Russia are blowing smoke up our ass
All fuvking smoke and mirrors
You need to take ACTION against the criminal trump regime that is selling out our country. Talk is cheap.
Actually he could also be in violation of Arts.:82, 92 104, 106a, 107, 131, and 134.
He publicly shamed you.
He doesn't deserve praise for doing the right thing.
What else has the SOB done your proud of? Lie?
How do you tell the difference between a "whistle blower" & a "leaker" ?
Where were you the past 30yrs Senator...please retire.
How much soap does it take to wash the brown off your nose every night?
For the love of this country @SenJohnMcCain , the @POTUS needs to show his taxes!
HELP! North Korea puts out new video showing the WH in crosshairs and carriers exploding - The Washington Post
now fix the VA from top to bottom
Why didn't you introduce a bill for it then?
lol seriously dude.
What about the leakers of the trump administration do they get proration too?
You are basically, an agreeable Democrat. #Retire
TRUMP complain abiut Obama signs E/O now this  Orange idiot will sign E/O more then all Presidents in tge last 40 years. #Impeach45
Yeh, how about taxing our soldiers wanting to use the GI Bill for college.
You still applaud him?  #NeverMyPotus #my Obama care 
#LokHimUp
and I thought whistle blowers were already protected under federal law. @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible
Dear John. Vets are important. But without a working and TRUSTED democracy, this means nil. Don't make us break up with you.
DO YOUR JOB.  #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION #Trumprussia #Impeach45
Amen. And these kinds of protections, especially in biz and gov and in workplaces, MUST BE every where!
YK
What about your trip to Syria before the Apr 4th explosion? Whistleblower needed to come forward. Or private voice recording or something.
Wait, what we're all those tweets a while back about leaks?
You missed where he removed protection of women being sexually harassed
Why don't you criticize the crap he is signing?  You act like your only constituents are vets- we are not the only people who vote.
Ok, good start John.  Now get behind him on everything else and earn the respect back that you once had with the citizens of this country
The president said John McCain wasn't a war hero.
He said you weren't an actual hero cuz you were caught. Implies that towards all POWs and YOU let it go....#shame
All you fought for has been hijacked by this treasonous man, yet you continue to support him and normalize him. Shame on you!
Sen. I wish you would grow a pair. There is no way you think this is actual governing. MAN UP #Impeach45
he's sold his soul.  Trump is saying dance and look at him. Dancing away #treason #corruption
John, you disappoint every time. You could have been a maverick and cleared up this mess before it began. Sadly, you are prob complicit.
Too bad it (like all the other EO's), accomplish nothing more than the illusion of actual results.
Hey John-boy:  .. Thank you Mr President!!
as an American I don't trust the Trump Admin.
Senator, could I get a little feedback from you on any of the terrible shit he's done? This xo might be the highlight of #First100Days
We all would like it
Increasing VA budget wouldn't hurt.
Really tired of EO photo ops.  It does nothing for reform
What's the difference between a whistleblower and a leaker? I'm guessing a whistleblower tells you what you want to hear and leaker doesn't.
A whistleblower comes forward and puts his neck on the line.  A leaker anonymously leaks information putting your neck on the line.
#McCainSanders2020 #BipartisanCurious
Man, you have a LOT of time for Twitter. You sure you couldn't be joining Bernie Sanders to create jobs AND do good for the country? #TryIt
Good stuff. But we need accountability from the WH too. Is Senate waiting for a stained blue dress to drop? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpTaxes
Don't suck up to DJT Senator...it's unbecoming...not to mention he is a DISASTER!
Whistleblowers like Nunes? Trump's a con artist. I don't trust him farther than I can spit.
Don't spit.
This is just shameful!
What about inside the Defense Department ? jack ass #ike07 cruisebook missing someone..
