Дубина старая
Handsome man just like you,
#ImpeachMcCain
Happy Birthday Jim. Your father is a man of dignity and honor.
God Bless Jim. Try to represent Az and what your son would like. Quit ignoring USA. You appear lost and quite stupid. Please retire.
Handsome like his Dad! Thanks Jim for your service to our country. My brother is a Marine who served in Viet Nam. All 3 of you are heroes!
Somebody throw out this crazy old Man.  He's way deep in the swamp!
deep down he is ashamed of you songbird...he knows your cooperation with the Chi-coms caused the deaths of over 60 US airmen...shame on you!
Maybe Jim can help you understand something about loyalty to America & peace over cheap media politics & war-mongering? 

Please Jim!
Looks like we would never get rid of McCains
Thanks for service
Happy birthday
Ignore the ignorant remarks Senator.  You're one of the few who speaks Truth to Power.  A virtue certainly lacking among many!
Thank you for your service!
Men like you and Jim  let me and mine sleep soundly every night.Thanks
Real American heros, father and son, both putting their money where their mouth is... Old school. Happy bday Marine!
Does he know his daddy Senator McCain is a traitor twice!
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUR SON, ALSO TELL HIM THANK U FOR HIS SERVICE N URS ALSO. 
GOD BLESS YOU BOTH. THANKS ALSO 4 STANDING UP TO TRUMP
There are few families in the US with a greater lineage of service to our nation than the McCain's.
America is lucky to have you.
John we all see what a lying warmonger you are please resign everything you do is bad for America and the rest of the world
You need to get out of the way of real reform
You need to retire so you can spend more time with your Son.
Hey,is this "troublesome" too. Like every other word that comes out of your mouth. You were once, one of my personal heroes. Not so much now
Why? Is it because he is actually standing up for what he believes in??!!
McCain & Graham are both aware of the political winds.They generally blow hot air to appease their base.Last week McCain showed some courage
Song bird. Change parties. Ur not w/America 
Happy birthday and thank you for your service.
Nice!
Sickening to me that you disparage our president when he is on his foreign trip. You could have been president. I will never forget. U lost
Happy Birthday, Jim McCain. Thank you for your service. Were you born on your mother's birthday?
You have much to be proud of. Well done.
Happy birthday
Where is u other sons from Qaeda #AbuMccain
People you piss off like me can stand by your pride here. Honor his loyalty by putting your country above your party and its traitor king.
Trump is the father of our country.  Ofcourse we going to rally around him. Why get in the way. Unless you don't care
Think he is proud of you senator? Smashing America down the toilet?
Happy Birthday to your son! Хай щастить
Hey! How Come No One Mentions That The Russian Trail Leads To Democratic Lobbyists via @forbes
Yeah but we're not proud of you RINO!!!!!
Он тож авианосец разнесёт?
You're the greatest!  Keep up the good work and Happy Birthday to Jim!
Happy birthday, Jim and thank you. My husband is a retired Military PA . He's a hero and so is your Dad.
Happy Birthday
Senator McCain thanks for always speaking your mind even if it differs from your party. Any plan to run next election?
I'm sickened to the PIT OF MY STOMACH abt every penny my family sank into ur Presidential campaign. Ur a true snake in DC swampland.
A lot of us feel the exactly the  same way with this snake, evil...Traitor, now I realize how the other POW may have felt....
A special place of hell awaits bastard traitors such as these ppl.
Thank u for ur service!
Oh my gosh how come you did not come out for trump supporters when they were beat  to a pulp - how about rioting at Berkeley
Worked for Boeing many  at a restricted plant ongov contract.  Never  did anyone ever leak-no one history has anyone openly leaked like HRC
All this is due to Hillary's open server
Sir if you politicians wee concerned about human rights you would do something about 4000 shooting in Chicago.  That is only one city
Happy Birthday Jim!
Was it tough for a Navy man to have a son choose the Marines? 
No bone spurs in this family.
Real family from Al qaeda
Good looks run in the family...
You are a weak man.
Thank you both so much for your service and sacrifice!
Do something, USA is being sold to the higher payer... be the hero we all need
Jim your father is losing his mind. You might consider having him institutionalized
Happy Birthday, Jim
Thank you for your service.
Your son is a hunk! Happy Father"s Day!
Thank You and HBD!!! 
Make him more proud of you by retiring.
Your son Jim needs to love his Dad enough to tell him he no longer has rational thoughts and it's time to retire. Oh, happy birthday Jim.
Two real American heroes. Thank You @SenJohnMcCain & Thanks to your son for his service
Thank YOU Senator McCain for standing for what you believe!!! We need more upstanding politicians like you and Obama in Washington.
You forgot his good friend Hillary too.
is he also a traitor like you?
If he ever gets captured I hope he doesn't need a pardon when he gets home
Happy birthday Jim!
Meantime. Your advocacy taking down Reagan 2.0. You dirty nasty man

#Trump Dancing With The Devil. 
#trumpeachment #SaudiArabia #SaudiWarCrimes 
Via @SyrianaAnalysis 
https://youtu.be/WZKpMVCrWsA 
Your a good man. I may not always agree with you but you are a good man. Let's hope as a country we can get back to that.
I too may not always agree with McCain's view but I respect the man for his solid thinking of country first before personal gain.
happy birthday need u to end this charade of a president i hope u still have courage ur country needs u more then ever
Thanks for your familys' generations of service
We appreciate the service of your family. Now, about those politics...
to the #McCain family all the time. 
Limit the terms and vote him out
Thank you for your service
Cool
Hope you bought for mccain
happy birthday 
Looks like his Dad. Ya dun good Dad!!!
Hats off to the Marine. But you're a sell out..
Happy Birthday, Jim! My heartfelt TY for your Svc to Our Country! Greetings from Houston TX
Happy Birthday and thank you for your service
Happy Birthday, and thank you both for your service.
To bad the american people can't be proud of you McCain.  When will you ever support our elected president?
The McCain' s Family; Brave Patriotism ancestry line seems to have no end. God Bless!! Sen.John McCain and (son) Jim, U.S.M.C.

They are covering this up this was a murder but this man McCain does not find that disturbing. What about investigating why the cover up?
How can he even stand to sit next to such shill and traitor? No shame in the McCain family.
Once you're a Marine, I don't think you're ever a former! Thankful for your family's service to our country.
Happy Birthday Jim! thank you and your father for your service to our country
Handsome like his dad. Happy bday, Jim!
Happy birthday to Jim. Thank you both for your service!
Як, ви схожі))) Й Доповнюєте СЕБЕ))))... Вдачі- Ви же;- Мак КЕЙНИ. (й крапка).
А, до речі- як Фамілія-вашої Дружини?)))...
What u say amcik
REMEMBER...THE PAST
@realDonaldTrump is your son's Commander & Chief. He likely respects his CAC, whereas you do not. Your son is fortunate to have this @potus.
Thank you both for your service! Son looks so much like you  happy birthday
Happy Birthday Jim. Thank you to your entire family for all of your service and sacrifice. 
@realDonaldTrump "Grab her by the pussy
What an ass you are
Semper Fi Brother,  Happy Birthday.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JIMThanks 4 Your Service 4 Our ('US'A) Country!God BLESS AmericaUNITED-WE STAND
Happy birthday

Happy Birthday and Thank you for your service!
Happy Birthday. Thank you both for your service to our country.
Very nice family, Senator
Thank you both for your service to protect this great country and her ideals.
Happy birthday. He looks a lot like you. Ad Majora!
Oohrah!
Happy Birthday to your son! You have a very patriotic family. You Should be proud.
What a patriotic family w jihadi dad
Sen. McCain a role model father & leader.  His son have join the US National Guard.  Thank you 4 your service...
thank your for your service and sacrifice. Please retire and spend time with your family. Enough!
Seriously? Just because you disagree with McCain holding Trump accountable for his actions, you think he should retire? Do your research!!
My feel good photo of the day. Thanks to both of you for your great service to our country.
I no longer support you.
.. I didn't know you had a hot son.  Another reason to start liking you ...  recently ....
Semper Fidelis
I like the vets. Who were not captured
Happy birthday, Devil Dog.
the CAC man the CAC
