@POTUS has nothing, repeat nothing to apologize for.  We see the evil on both sides, and reject it.

You however, embrace that of the left.

You and Flake are both embarrassments to our nation.  

You both need to be banned from Public Service going forward.

WAKE UP, ARIZONA!!!
Basically, i believe-NO!..I KNOW!..Arizonans aren’t misled by Flake..
You sir should retire
You are also full of hate towards liberals. We all have the right to have opinions. I wouldn't like Trump if he were Democrat, Green Party, independent.. a. Jerk of a person
I'm not a jerk, that would be the President !
A businessman with NO moral compass!
Not to mention his many bankruptcies but.. he could be Charles Manson and you would probably love him
GG mate you showed him
"Americans standing up to defy hate & bigotry"  Somehow I doubt it ...
Hard to stand up when hatred & bigotry are looking down on you while beating this trump supporter down
You sir, are despicable. There is nothing you can say or do to redeem yourself in the eyes of Americans. 

You have chosen sides against us.
hii
"Americans standing up to defy hate & bigotry"  Really, truly?
"Americans standing up to defy hate & bigotry"  Really, John?
Budhdi fyHhuffh yfbubr rh
Hfub uthi ythrj hc huh hf yh
As usual you have your head up your a$$! We have had enough of your negative and false statements against our President!
John the President has said so, you just don’t like the way he says it, the color of his tie, or the color of his shoes! You don’t like the fact he doesn’t think you are a hero. Neither do I or my veteran father We were not allowed to speak your name.
But he will not.  Perhaps you will, for a welcome change.
Yes ohh
Not EVERY #whitesupremacist is violent, nor is EVERY #antifa member violent, but the violent 1's on either side are EQUALLY immoral. #maga
Ya ok Songbird. Traitor! What you got to say now that your homies-Clintons, DNC, Fusion are about to go down? You're next Songbird!
Jason Kessler white supremacist #Charlottesville was Obama supporter & Occupy protester. Antifa and KKK are morally reprehensible & bySOROS
And we shouldn't reelect politicians who say repeal ObamaCare and then don't.
I use to think the same way but this is not abt u, but what is the best 4 everybody. We don't have the solution yet but zero isn't the ans
Repealing #obamacare isnt '0'  There r STILL many hcare options w/o Obamacare. pls read the #acatruth & #acatruthMB that #msm wont tell u.
Damn that brain cancer is taking a toll.  #RIPJohnMcCain, your brain perished but your body kept moving...
- Antifa and BLM are just as immoral as the White Supremacists. You should condemn them as well! Traitor!
We all need to be clear about the racist issues in this country. KKK & BLM movements are BOTH racist!
KKK : blacks aren't human and don't deserve rights
BLM : please don't let the police shoot us
#MAGA #bothsides
Agree with your assessment of KKK, not BLM. You are showing obvious bias.
Donna, perhaps it is your bias that is showing
Your comment would be understandable if I had said the reverse. Since I did not, you are making no sense.
Donna, what do you believed an unbiased view of BLM entails?
http://www.discoverthenetworks.org/printgroupProfile.asp?grpid=7876 …
You consider that morally equivalent to the KKK?
As a Veteran of the Viet Nam war I am shocked that you would use your service for your own personal gains. Are you a REAL hero or a cronny?
Sen McCain, with the latest blabber about a sacred call to a fallen soldiers family, why haven't you spoken out? Are you afraid to?
Have you heard the President talk or just run your mouth because you DO NOT LIKE THE WAY HE DOING A GOOD JOB?
Thank you for your tireless service to our country.  Please, sir, now do your best to save our country while you have a voice that matters
I could not agree more.  Stay the course.
you are an amazing man a wiseman  a man who loves this GREAT country: You’re this country’s greatest hero/jewel God bless you
Absolutely.Positively.Amen!
John Mc Cain we know what you are.
that’s just how things are and not more Top
Thank you for being an American first and a politician second.
@Thereal__Ryan I'll just keep them coming for you
We love John McCain, People First
As a conservative I must say, to vote on an issue 1/6 of the worlds largest economy without facts of its costs & effects(a CBO) is nuts!
the people of Arizona should vote you out in 2020! You are a traitor to your constituents and the rest of America!!!
Who do you think you are to be saying what POTUS should say? You should be talking to George Soros & have him stop funding the US civil war!
And you sir should shut up and stop telling POTUS what he should do. We The People elected him, not you.
How about he write it in his own blood. Would that make you , John? I used to respect you.
He has, over & over but it's never good enough for your & your agenda against our President. The hate is coming from you & your "team"
BS....retire
He won't because he is a hateful bigot.



Our politics differ Senator but I think of you often and wish you well. Thank you for standing up to hate.
Perhaps because he is a racist he doesn't see the difference
You're in our thoughts and prayers Senator. An inspiration to Americans.
Do you really believe Antifa is protesting to defy hate & bigotry? I don't support any group that hides their face and brings clubs.
When will you condem Antifa and the violence they continue to spread?
U back Stab America & your own words I have no respect for you.

EVERYONE prejudges others. THE PRESIDENT WONT END RACISM, no one can. It starts at your house, not the White House. Racism is taught at home
Retire, go spend all that money you have made off of taxpayers and go away.
You stood with ISIS in Syria, shows your true colors
We did not elect you President.  Stop believing you speak for us.
Lying Trump, he is a joke!
Presidential pardon recipient Hypocrite traitor #SongbirdMcCain So when shall we expect your condemnation of #BLM & #AntifaTerrorist bigots?
Hope u are feeling better.  Please take the lead in asking Trump to resign .  The country is so divided because of him.  Sad &  worried!
he did John your dislike is showing
Since when is Antifa fighting hate and bigotry? You must be losing all sense of reality, STOP critizing our President!
This guy is basically saying, in so many words, America is racist and so am I. So deal with it. There's no moral equivalency!??. Ha!
Why are you not reporting on the uhuge Pakistani Awan Brothers Spyring in congress uncovered by Marine Hero Andre Taggart
Youve got to be kidding. You are a twisted transparently jealous and vendictive wimp and RINO.
.... so sick of this a-hole
Thank you Senator McCain
And you should have voted for repeal, but you turned on Americans
God bless you
Traitorous sack.
Traitor.
Just admit you're done with politics and you're throwing a wrench just because you can. I really hope you're voted out. You don't deserve it
ANTIFA Chants "No Trump, No Wall, No USA At All!" (VIDEO)
twitter ^ 

WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
He did John....you just DIDNT WANT TO HEAR HIM...
Thanks for saying that
There's no moral equivalency in committing violence under cover of defying hate & bigotry. You, Senator, should say so.
Mr McCain: All due respect to you Senator, did not POTUS adequately dispel racism, and all its forms to your satisfaction? Are u pandering?
You are a hero and patriot. Trump is a fool
But there is no difference between Nazis, KKK, BLM or Atifa.  That's what you don't have the courage to say.  They all HATE America!
Says the traitor of all
McCain, U who cheated on your wife, married into sleaze politics, was liar in chief for the Vietnam POW families, aka Songbird 4 snitching!!
Well spoken Mr. Cain
He didn't say there was MORAL equivalency. There was VIOLENCE equivalency.
He did John, he did, & u know he did.Just bcs he didn't say it the way u wanted him too, doesn't mean you didn't know EXACTLY what he meant
You should be quiet. He did fine. #SoreLoser
YOU and your spineless fellow republicans are ruining America and making us weak! Stand by your @POTUS and unite! We the people stand by him
Shame on you. Your parents must be devastated. Please Liz we want the funny sweet you back!!
My God Liz your retweeting John McCain. I guess your fans don't matter. You must be getting paid handsomely. You only write about Politics.
They aren't standing against hate McCain, they are standing against the white race and wanting genocide of whites u should get out more.
I'm well traveled been all over the world. But I'm worried about the human race. You don't need to attack to have a conversation that's what
He doesn't know or understand those big words #sad!
I am proud of you!  Our president has a few screws loose.
I am very proud of you.  My daughter graduated from U S Military at West Point in 1985!  First and still the only women from Waco to do it.
You sir, are a traitor. No1 is buying your virtue-signaling bull

You know damn well that #Trump NEVER defended racists

#SorosPuppet
#RINO
We speak our total truth about the badness of John McCain...Nothing is coverd that shall not be revealed...Reaping what he has sown...
That's really sad John. That brain tumor has turned you into Hellen Keller. Maybe Trump's admonishments can be spelled out on your stomach.
Justifying the violence against conservatives at Berkeley and Trump Rallys that we saw throughout the entire election? Scum.
Well that's not true because democrats are worse than white supremacist they set up this entire Charlottesville scam and it's all coming out
You should be supporting your president vs tearing this country apart. Your pockets have been lined w dirty $$$ exposed.
There is.no difference between hate group nazi's KkK Black Lives Matter Agifita all are equally repulsive    Trump was correct
But Sen. McCain, first u must understand the difference. Fakeliarprez does not understand that (or much else)!!!!
If not for #Trump. #Hillary would be in t white house! Not that it matters w obstructionists in rep senate who care only about their ego!!!
you earn my continued support by moving reform tax rates, healthcare, infrastructure.  Get with it!
protesters do not get a free pass when they r violent, promote intollerance of conserv ideas!  #SenMacCainwakeup!
L=OTR.  Never heard anyone use the word "bigly" before Trump.  Do the math.
Radical violent leftists don't get a pass, Senator. We can condemn 2 hate groups at the same time. He did say so, already.
He has John. You are a turn coat. You have betrayed the voters.
Aaaah! the patriot extraordiaire speaks, but as usual, with a forked tongue.
Yes, there is. Antifa with their violence are no better. Standing up to bigotry is one thing. Provoking violence is quite another.
He can't and won't @GOP needs to get real about this evil divisive man they have unleashed upon this country. You know it. #ImpeachTrump
Hi Sen McCain, hope you are feeling better. It is good we have a leader who will stand up for Americans against anyone who oppose us. Sir.
He did. 
He has, you are just out of touch. Sad. I voted for you every time you ran. Never again.
He can't because he doesn't believe it. #POS #25thAmendment 
Take care, Senator.
He did,several times.Brain cancer must be furthering along your dementia.#TermLimits.Founding Fathers did not intend you to be in this long
He did say so. You just don't hear because you turned a deaf ear.  You are a clinton bought democrat disguised as gop.
He did
You need to get out of politics. You are useless and a traitor to your party.
https://youtu.be/D5vSAmhLtzw 
I believe you need further surgery.   Really thought something was wrong 6 months ago, you had  just changed??

You & your establishment never @realDonaldTrump colleagues should stop aiding Dems in obstructionism and help USA w/HC, tax reform & infrast
POTUS speech said both sides (right and left) have good people (in general) and both share blame in violence in Charlottesville.
@SenJohnMcCain I didn't hear you speaking out against the former Prez with BLM like you are doing to your own party. So sad
John you are sicker in the head than you first thought, go home or crawl in bed with Obama for what time you have left.
And what about liars. #JohnthumbsdownMcCain
when will you  denounce AntiFA and BLM???
Go away. Please just go away.
You all are going to go in another downward spiral when Trump wins again.
God bless President  Trump!  MAGA
And #Antifa ? They are the worse out there these days.
Get over it,remember we live in USA and there is free speech, whether you agree /disagree. How many times does POTUS have to condemn bigotry
So glad we have you the government telling us who and who does not have the right to exercise free speech. I feel safer now.
So,Black bigots w/ Black Lives Matter, whose adherents murdered 10+ cops - is not a moral equal to White Supm? All bigots bad
Why did you not get elected? Now you have something to say. It's easy when ur not President.
#hobbit
Wishing you & people of #Arizona peace & safety 

It's shameful @realDonaldTrump    is holding a #WhiteSupremacists Rally

#ProtestSmart
AZ good luck today.
Stay safe.
Stand tall.
#AmericanPatriots
Thank you Senator and I wished you would have continue your run against Bush. You would have Made a America confident still.
I am with you on this, Senator McCain.
I realize you're old and possibly your hearing is off so let me put it in writing:
President Trump condemned ALL of the hate!
He has said so, double mind. He's become a spiritual man. Mockers hate him as Jesus warned in 1Corinthians 14. Tch tch.
you are a hater!! Too evil
He did say so idiot. On several occasions. Black lives matter is also about hate and bigotry.  They all came to fight. You hear what you wan
I wish you were the president. Curse you Sarah Palin and whoever thought she should be your VP!!
Thank you Senator for speaking out.
Keep your opinions to http://yourself.You  are just stirring up more http://trouble.You  have done enough damage already!
Pretty sure your family was plantation slave owners 55 to be exact(Wikipedia the Black McCains). So there's that........
u just indicated groups who call 4 death 2 cops,stab ppl w/nails,use biohazard bodily fluids, & arson 2 1A r BETTER ppl..
McCain, it's time for you to go!
Must be the brain tumor!!! MY PRESIDENT CERTAINLY DID CALL THEM OUT!
Good job on collecting another paycheck from HRC & Soros.
He did! The alt left showed up with blow torches and bats. Stop going against him. It's shameful!
I am no Republican, but thank you for Calling out 45!  I don't want our country to reverse back to before the '60s on racism or on rights.
Keep up that violent protests, felons don't get to vote! LOL
Are you guys kidding me! Trump did denounce hate and racism! The real problem is you don't see yourselves as racist!
I think he did John!
Good boy lil Johnny, propaganda spouting globalist!
Standing up, No. Swinging bats, 2x4s with nails, urine and feces, ABSOLUTELY
TFW you're not as relevant as your daughters tits.
Your repeated failure to denounce @Blklivesmatter @antifaintl shows you fully support hatred, violence, communism, and anarchy. RESIGN NOW!
Why are you confused? He did say so. He also lived his life with no bigotry. Why are you not denouncing Antifa? Group that beats up people.
He's got brain damage, bless his heart! Oh, he's also on the Dem's , not the #TrumpTrain.
Hate can't fight hate, only love can fight hate. There is no moral equivalency between people who hate period!
Sorry you are ill but you seem to be missing the fact that antifa  is extremely violent.
Traitor! Sold out 2 Soros agenda long ago. We know Antifa weak minded violent antiAmerica. In ur condition u need to repent or burn n hell!
While throwing piss bottles at cops? Seems legit. Was there ever a time you were on the side of everyday Americans? I know, stupid question
"Americans standing up to defy hate & bigotry"  Really?
Your continued resistance puts you in the same boat with Soros, you let the country down sir.  Retire
Michael Moore believes his own lies, Does this look racist to you and his daughter and son-in-law are Jewish to hell with @jimmykimmel 
The problem is, you seem to be confused about which is which.
I think Trump has been clear enough, but cant´say more he is president of USA, not only for antipolice agitators
Policy signed by mentally unstable ppl is non Binding. Trump's dementia symptoms grow. It's GOPs DUTY to pursue a MENTAL EXAM
Stay Strong
There is no equivalency between a senile old man and Truth! Retire if you really care about America!
 @SenJohnMcCain
Murder is murder, regardless of the motivation.
