EXCLUSIVE: Inside Obama’s secret struggle to punish Russia for Putin’s attack on American democracy http://wapo.st/2t1VhEY 
Still blaming the black man, huh Johnny boy?
Well.... who cares about his color,  this is what he did to our country.
Funny, that’s not the view out my window. Do you live in Mordor? Or Russia?
You have rose color glasses on .
He inherited that debt and actually fixed the recession.
Best answer to you is RESULTS we are winning
We keep winning did it again supreme court upheld potus travel ban unanimously. HOORAY FOR OUR PRESIDENT.
and he didn't collude...but we don't know if your President colluded with Russia. We do know he tried to obstruct the investigation tho. SAD
NO HE DID NOT you hear what you want to hear.
Some questions: why did current administration discuss about potential removal of the sanctions? Why have they not responded to this attack?
What is the reason(s) behind GOP undergoing a policy shift about Ukraine & Russia during their Cleveland convention? Who is gaining from it?
What did (not only) the President but every person involved know and when did they know it? When will the American public know?
Some more questions: why is the current administration firing people who are looking to find out? Why is there no independent counsel?
Because the media and Dem officials turned this into a witch hunt and not a credible issue
Do you include the 17 intelligence agencies with those people? In other words, it is not only Democrats and the media who want the truth.
Making it independent could scrap partisan politics and go wherever it finds wrongdoings. Could also hire professionals for assistance.
How many agencies does it take to screw in a lightbulb
Why are you mentioning McConnell???
Did you read the article?
Yes. I'm asking McCain why he isn't mentioning McConnell blocking a bipartisan response when President Obama tried to organize one.
Ahh gotcha. 
I typo'd the original, meant why *aren't you mentioning....less coffee is a good thing.
Or more!
come on, you know this is BS. Failure to deter? They had their man in trump. Now we have russian in oval office. Why are you so calm??
You owe @POTUS an apology. You fell for #fakenews and ran with it. SHAME!
#SellOutMcCain your opinion is invalidated by your corruption #WifeJobBribe #TrumpTrain #AllAboard #Traitors
Mccain is all about the benjamins
But he's got the $$, that's the only language they know.
Because blaming Obama really helps the Nation now? Not sure how that explains Don Jr but, hey, why worry bout facts?
Let us not forget be authorized covert ops to combat.Pls get rid of fascists in WH.Trump. Pence.bannon.Miller.Far grtr danger that luv putin
Sir, I respect what you did in the service, it's hard to watch you sit by and do nothing to stop Trump and what the Russians have done.
Here's a reminder for you... YOU KNEW.. remember the dossier??? You're a sell out!!!
Obama put sanctions on Russia. What has Trump done besides try to take them away
What about your attacks physically on other government?
Will you testify on your role in the dossier? Will you name names? Looks like you're in a tough spot on this one, huh?
As if you didn't already know this!!Maybe if you resign they'll go easy on you at your trial for being complicit with radical left lies
Your words mean shit @SenJohnMcCain
You and the rest of the GOP can blame but when will you step up and take some of the blame? When will you all start doing something?
You're a sell out!!! You even acting like the healthcare bill is bad, but I would bet money you will vote for it. Disgraceful!!!!
Oh did you missed that McConnell blocked it?
#McCain #BoughtAndPaidFor #WifeJobBribe #TrumpCorruption #Trumprussia #McCainKnows #SellOut #Disgrace @SenMajLdr  threatened Obama
What will YOU do about it, besides point fingers at Obama, who expelled diplomats, seized properties and tightened sanctions?
Can you tweet about why you're supporting a healthcare bill you hate?
Fight for our country not your party.  You did it once. Time to do it again.  This abomination is not America!
I guess you really want that job for your wife badly #NoDignity #OnTheTake #Corruption #WifeJobIsBribe #AmbassadorForSale #Sad #McCainOld
And just what are you doing Senator? Threat is still very real. And current. You pretend to care but you're as corrupt as Trump and company.
You were briefed on this months ago as was Trump. Why the fake shock now? Please return to the man you were after the war and fight for sick
We will hold your feet to the fire John, time for Americans to come together. You and We know #twit-lerTrump is a disgrace to this country
#McConnellKnew #Trumprussia #SuperpacMoneyFromRussia #WifeJobIsABribe #SecretaryOfTransportationIsMitchWife #KremlinDollars #CampaignFinance
You missed the part about McConnell completely ignoring it. And what are YOU doing about it today?
#SellOut #BribedWithWifeJob #Sad #TrumprussiaCoverUp
Think of how worse it would have been if he hadn't have outclassed you in 2008
What did McConnell have to say about it? You knew also!!  You got the dossier remember? It's time for you to find a retirement home John.
You are allowing yourself to be a lapdog. Obama is not a threat to us right now! @realDonaldTrump IS! You work for US! Do your job!!
I am sure you will uncover much more. So crooked!
Are you forgetting #McDonnell warning to President #obama 
#gop double standard will backfire; #russia comments are on video @Morning_Joe
The gang of eight were advised and
Wow, you are crazy if u R trying to blame Obama for this. All of you knew what was happening- u were briefed before the election.
Dude, Trump has done nothing to protect us.  Not even intetested in what the Russians are doimg.  The GOP is a jome. Not voting for u again.
Are you kidding me. You all knew this. You are all complicit.
You've lost your soul Senator. How do you want to be remembered- patriot or partisan?Defender of America? Or Russian accomplice?
CyberSecurity a PipeDream A RealPOTUS would have forged a United Response amongAllies againstRussianHackers POTUS proves he is incompetent
MoreShocking details over the weekend BritishParliment hacked and IneptPOTUS/ CowardlyCongress AWOL do less thanObama.Who left Serve&Protect
Yes, but not nearly as bad as this administration. #Trumps oval office meeting!!
@SenJohnMcCain why won't you focus on the beneficiary of the Russian meddling? We now have an illegitimate @POTUS while you stand by #fire45
The #Republicans obstructed his efforts. Write a tweet about that to @SenateMajLdr
So get off your ass and do something about it.
Then trump denies russian hacking and invites russians secretly into white house
He applied stiff sanctions, spoke to Putin, & sent russian spies in 2 mansions home. POTUS wants to lift sanctions, bring spies back.
Do you read your feedback? No? Can't read? Product of AZ schools? Get a grip or get out and do us all a huge favor- NO on healthcare!!!
Apparently you didn't bother to get any other details. It's odd that you never wrote a letter about Donald Trump America's worst president.
Dear Senator McCain, it is Easy to criticize.  Not so easy to solve this problem.  What would you have done in this situation?
You spent your adult life as a true hero and you're throwing it all away cause you refuse to find your BALLZ and stop the madman in WH.. Sad
Wtf are you doing about it? You're talking a good game but that's it. Where did your great courage go? Step the F up and do something!!! 
At least @BarackObama admits it was Russia.  What's your man in the WH doing?  Oh yeah-trying to cut sanctions and give back their compounds
Indeed! Would be shocking if one didn't see he was clearly taking steps AGAINST our best interests. Globalists are a great danger to U.S.!
Take responsibility. Mitch McConnell was denying it as long as possible. It was political because GOP refused to do what was right
Shocking that you haven't stood up against ALL that are responsible.
What R U Doing?
FYI, we now know these diplomatic compounds were used to house Russian agents involved in 2016 election interference http://wapo.st/2qCuOJd?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.2e5197807d38 …
TrumpTillerson&Ryan r decreasing Sanctions in your Bill!What r u doing?What abtTrump Giving RUSSIAN Agents hacked us their Compounds back?
Please stay on subject - vote No on healthcare bill.
You should be above this shit John... You know Trump represents everything we despise in the military... Draft dodger, rich  privileged POS.
and what's been done now? but we only complain on inaction in the other party
@SenJohnMcCain Curious how you will vote on reducing Medicaid and your tax cut bill.  Actions speak louder than words.
Your party's failure.
Obama was threatened by McConnell not to say anything bc then he was going to accuse Obama of interfering partisanly with the election.
Dear America WE WARNED YOU Love Ukraine and Ukrainian Americans.
Resign. Right now.
Obama went to the them & they dismissed it as political So #MoveOn stop the blaming & do something now! 2018 is coming & nothing's done! #Ω
McConnell knew! If Obama briefed the country about the Russians meddling, would have the republicans stood beside him? And supported him?
Americans have had enough of the veteran who turned SONGBIRD
So what are you doing about it NOW?
So then TRAITOR McCain why then are u giving Trump a hard time..Please retire ...NOW
What about the shocking details of the Trump admin's invitation of Russian aggression? Or nah? #Maverick
A bit overblown. When be expelled diplomats some said it was too much.It seems he did behind scenes& swaying election concerns admirable
So the current @POTUS is illegitimate.
Careful, @SenJohnMcCain, there are also details of GOP denial and pushback.
Now you're getting to the heart of the matter. Nice job, sir!
Yeah just imagine the rights screams if he intervened during the "rigged" election.Two faced politicians. Now Russians in WH and right it
Not shocking,  not new. Come on John, leaving the alarmist "breaking news details at 11" crap to the Newsies. They have drugs to sell.
Shocking new detail about GOP POTUS literally begging Russia to hack while gop politicians sat back and did nothing. Cowards.
Yes, the Obama Admin didn't do enough, but  DJT refused to admit it happened and the majority of Rs want to end the investigation.
Shocking would be when a presidential candidate CALLS for Russia to hack in a rally during the election and wins.
Obama was between a rock and a hard place when Mitch decided to put party over country
@SenJohnMcCain You, sir, are a bought & paid for stooge. I hope your dignity was worth the price. #resist #mccainisastooge #traitor
How does that even compare with your buddy Donny boy colluding with Putin to illegitimately win the election.
You just keep defending the traitor and wth would u and the rest of your loser GOP have done if you thought he was interfering in election??
I followed & remember. Sanctions & plans were in place when he left .. almost lifted by Trump & that idiot Flynn
Really McCain? Your sitting Pres has colluded with the Russians and you blame Obama? Really?
Dear senator McCain, I used to like and respect you.  What happened? Where are your morals and ethics?
You are not doing anything to help, so do the same you do when you see DJT destroying our country, nothing and shhhhhhh.
And McConnell's refusal to go public and forcefully condemn this? Senator, Senator? Crickets.
and you don't blame the rat McConnell? he knew!!!
You can't be that partisan. If you're going to call out Obama you need to call out McConnell
WHAT IS THIS ADMIN DOING ABOUT IT NOW??? THEY DON'T CARE SO STOP BEING HYPOCRITS!!!!!!!!!!
the Russian attack succeed mainly because the Trump campaign let them in
Obama thought that no amount of Russian interference could cause the country to go crazy and elect trump.  Miscalculation, obviously
John, any words for a certain Obama successor who ACTIVELY supported this hack and is now OBSTRUCTING efforts to clarify it?
Stop attacks against our President and giving a pass to Hillary, Comey, etc.
Come on..........It was McConnell that wouldn't cooperate when Obama wanted to have a bipartisan message come out !!  :(
Now it's time for you to do something about it Senator. The current admin is too inept. Please lead!!!!
@washingtonpost Senator, what about the health care bill? Sort of seems like the GOP wants to distract us from that...
Traitor, we All know about you, & your Corruption #MuslimBrotherHood
Shocking because you would've said he threw the election results
Whilst true the ball is now in your court senator.
Please stop issuing lame statements and act for the country .
shocking Not New detail---John McCain sits by and does jack s!?$ about the clown in charge now
BS
Right. And now it's time to put country before party and press on about continued Russia involvement and attacks. Be brave and move ahead.
Ok but what about healthcare for Americans ?
Shocking old details. It's still happening! What is THIS administration gonna do about it? Aside from pointing into a rear view mirror!
And now you @SenJohnMcCain are part of the problem with your support of comrade Trump #traitor and his assault on our democracy #hypocrite
There is zero actual detail in this statement , more BS by McCain. Hownis it possible for Putin to attack US values it sway election ? Dumb
Putin never attacked, your responsible 4 Ukraine coup which murdered 1000's of innocent Ukrainian people . Your a criminal against humanity
Would you please stand tall and do something about it.  Don't play along with Trump & the Tea Party, be the patriot I know you can be!
I know how you feel I was shocked today to hear that your leader Mitch McConnell when briefed last Aug of this act of war said didn't care
Seriously?????????
I know you're confused... it's 2017. Obama is no longer the president. Worry about Trump-Putin
As one of your constituents it is on YOU now. Investigate and punish Russian meddling. Strengthen our Democracy not weaken it. Remove Trump.
What's shocking is the lack of attention to this issue by the Trump administration and Republican Congress. You're all talk, no action.
McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell McConnell
dear senator what you and every single Republican would be saying about mr. Obama if this crap came out on the middle of the campaign?
Don't forget Obama scoffed when mitt Romney said Russia was a threat.
yeah like yours ADMINS IS DOING ANYTHING AT ALL .
And what role did Republicans have in suppressing this information? Come on, be honest.
Hey comrade didn't and still don't see you leading the charge against Russia? Put up or shut up!
You're just a tool, Jonny. #trumpsbitch
Stop blaming.  Act now.
could it be he had no cooperation from his congress??
Repubs would have yelled bloody murder if O had acted. Damned if you do damned if you don't. Shame on you & your murderous Repub colleagues.
Weren't you part of the Senate that prevented him from saying ANYTHING?
VOTE NO ON THE HORRIBLE AHCA. FIX THE PHX VAMC.
Would love to know what you would have had him do. DJT was going around screaming "rigged" and now has clearly shown whose side he's on
(hint: Russia). If Obama had done more you would have been first in line to say he was meddling in the election. @POTUS44 did what he could
to protect the election while letting Putin know he was on to him. There a weak potential traitor in this: @POTUS NOT @POTUS44
No one is buying what the Washington Compost says anymore. #FakeNews!
When you reference the Washington Post, I don't even bother to read the remaining blather.
Fake news from our resident war monger.
You are all responsible
So, we are to believe that you, personally, knew nothing? Aren't you a senior senator?
The GOP seems to be doing a fine job of destroying democracy with Trump's help...if you don't like it, fix it!  You're in charge now.
Just stop blaming Obama!Stop distracting!Are you going to vote no on this crap healthcarebill?Worst president ever!
you mean. .. failing to deter guys like you who continue to be complicit?
But he was troubled....
Because your republicans stopped him. You guys need to take a long hard look at yourselves in the mirror
not shocking Sen-imagine what u and ur minions wld hv done had Obama been more vocal abt this situation-u would hv accused him of meddling
Shocking news that Trump still says this didn't happen....... get over fact that Obama beat you and be a Statesman for your country!
Imagine: O goes to GOP. GOP says, 'WTF! Lets work together.' Candidates outdo each other w/ideas for sanctions. Yet U see Dem failure? Crazy
And WHAT ABOUT COMRADE TRUMP HE STILL DOES NOT BELIEVE IT HAPPEN
- PODESTA & Family got money from Russia and so did Clinton's questions need to be asked - collusion & obstruction of justice
Pretty disingenuous of you Senator. Republicans were against making the information public before the election.
His failure! Seriously Senator McCain.
Let's see you stand up against Trump's complicity. Keep quiet about Obama until you prove yourself.
"Shocking new detail of Obama admin's failure to deter Russian aggression"? Really? @SenJohnMcCain you're better than this.
Shocking that you will peddle this stuff while enabling Putin fanboy Trump
What's really shocking is that Republicans are willing to continue to support Trump and his lying and madness
When are WE THE PEOPLE going to matter in this country? Stop putting the blame on Obama for EVERYTHING! Do your jobs. You work for us!!!
Did you read the whole article or just the headline like The Donald?  You are Senate Armed Services, what are you doing????
Shocking! Breaking News! McCain has a thought. Check with your leader McConnell. He hid all the info until the election was over.
You're finally starting to pick on the CORRECT PRESIDENT!
Let's be very clear: @realDonaldTrump is flat out LYING when he says Russian interference was a hoax.
Too late, you had a chance to stick up for the base past 8 years. You insulted us, worked against us. You have no credibly with us clown
But they are all waffling and hemming and hawing as our country goes down the tubes! Have you EVER seen anything like this before?
Then Trump should be thanking Obama for getting him elected !!!
It is time to take back our country, if it's not too late. There are only a few in congress who seem to be patriots
Funny that now you care huh???
Bannon is also a traitor. These people need to go, or our democracy will go. Citizen's united has opened to door to total corruption
Trump and GOP leaders are edging toward at least dictatorship, possible totalitarianism. They are dismantling the federal government
What matters is what we do now with trump, pence, McConnell, ryan all dirty and a questionable election.
Still resent him from kicking your ass, huh John! Why don't U do something about the current President's denial of Russian interference? Sad
Take care of the ignorant, arrogant current denizen of the WH
McConnell threatened Obama if anything was released, and you would have jumped right in with McConnell. Deadn't matter now.
just wonder.. have you noticed how deep Trump's nose is in Putin's rear end? Everyone in that admin has ties to Russia. #TrumpTraitors
McCain, are you able to tell the truth occasionally?
so its still all Obamas fault? GOP has all the power but still blaming Obama. #noclass #novalues #noclue
That is a significant fact.  Not a rumor
What's more shocking is that DJT has all the same info and he still won't admit Putin did it!  #getthetruth  Btw, Congress was told, too!
Obama didn't "leak" or tweet about this because he had to protect the assets.Couldn't tell Trump because he would have warned Putin!
