Too often, Arizona learns their Senator lied to them about Repeal & Replace. Sorry only 4 months 2 live, AZ will be the winner when u'r gone
Hey Harry, not a troll here just a Canadian w/ a thought. McCain seems to say he is holding out & demanding better. Isn't that a good thing?
Hello Mike. Respectfully, this is an American issue, not a Canadian issue. Plain and simply @SenJohnMcCain "lied" to Arizona to be elected.
I lived in the US for a while so I have an educated opinion. You didn't answer though. Isn't holding out for something better what you want?
My answer is politicians who "LIE" 2 win elections should be held accountable. There is no fixing ACA with both parties, McCain knows that.
Well Harry, trump should be held accountable as well. Taxes, Putin, wall, healthcare, bigotry, personal profit from the office.
If "lies" r an issue for u, how can u continue to support DJT.  The truth seems to be foreign to him & we know what he thinks of foreigners.
Tell me the "Lies" by DJT? I bet I will prove beyond any doubt you believe the "LIES" by the media and Trump haters, like @SenJohnMcCain.
I'm not sure exactly what this says but it seems like you're telling someone to go die??  You think that's acceptable?
I'm not mean and hartles right is right and Wrong is Wrong...
I don't I just told him to go Die
Bot
I always speak the the best I understand it to be tired of being Lied to
It must be nice you have the Best INS. Money Can Buy.
I’m sorry you had to suffer so much in a war we went to because of a lie . We were wrongly led into an immoral, un-winnable , & illegal war
Why is this RINO still here
Sounds like you need to put personal differences aside and do your job -for the people!! #WeThePeople
Tell that to Trump
Trump has work with the Dems remember Harvey relief
All of them work for us. You work wether you like your boss or not, right? If you can't then quit. #WeThePeopleAreTheWork
I support Louie Gohmert and support the recall of John McCain so called Senator of #ARIZONA
Well when the administration is your biggest national security concern what do you expect? #TrumpRussia #impeachTrumpnow
Senator McCain for president!!!!
The rest of our government needs to stand up to the bully Trump.  Trump is acting like a dictator and the repubs are allowing it Grow a Pair
Trump has not gotten help from Congress.  They block his appointments are won't come to the table to negotiate.  He has to use the pen!
If Trump wasn't such a bully he would be able to get things done. He is now DONE, everyone hates him and will ensure he never succeeds. Sad
Focus on unifying the Republican Party. The reason you lost the presidential election is the same reason you are failing in Congress.

Songbird
The sheer incompetence of this GOP administration is breathtaking and deplorable.  Thank you, Senator, for this comment.
We're changing you. This should be your last term in Congress, we have the courage to vote you out come next election. You've betrayed us.
Yessssss!!!
ROSSIA in Syria against ISIS
Нанесение авиаударов Ту-95МС крылатыми ракетами ХА-101 по объектам ИГИЛ в Сирии 26.09
How about the Dotard-In-Chief?
Because they can't trust you
You believe the media??
John, unfortunately you're outside of how most rep people think today. But will always respect.
Thank you Senator for your independent responsible actions and words. Don't always agree with you but this is spot on! U have my respect.
You need to retire


I’m definitely, without hesitation, a fully committed&proud liberal!With corporate Oligarchy we get economic slavery!lLiberal=FREEDOM!
He's not long for this world. Six months maybe. And yes, I've read quite a bit about Glioblastoma.
I lost my cousin to glioblastoma in March. Keep fighting, John. Best to you.
My brother was diagnosed in Sept-2016, and gone February-2017. The pain he suffered through was terrible to watch!
You still here

You're a traitor John.  You've destroyed the agenda we the people voted for.  Maybe you should be impeached
Amazing
Please get yourself some Rick Simpson Oil sir. We need you around here for a good long while yet.
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain ! Regards from NYC...
Amen
How many years have you been in Service? Now you're complaining!
John McCain, hero.
Then your hero is a traitor
The fact that he doesn't want to vote to take health benefits away from your grandmother doesn't make him a traitor, Dotard.
We take care of our grandmother tard, we don't leave it to the government.  John is a traitor who's records have been sealed.
So she doesn't have Medicare or Medicaid?
Change will be #DrainTheSwamp as too many sat in Congress for way too long.
Stop the leaks! Do your Job! Your a Big Disappointment!  I guess Cancer made you a Dem? or Made you " lie" for seven years? Who's believes?
trump has degraded our reputation across the world, alienated our allies, jeopardized nuclear war on two fronts, divided our country, damage
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain . 

Keep up the excellent work John McCain
Keep opening your mouth to show us how ignorant you really are.
Damn John I thought you would be go by now.
Please keep doing what you're doing McCain. But do more: trump must GO NOW before he leads us into WWIII. #impeachTrumpnow #ImpeachTrump
The difference between you and tits on a boar is that the
tits on a boar are at least decorative
I agree it is crazy not organized.
44 claimed to learn about a lot through media.  Worked for Ogodma...works for me.
You suck McLame. Do your own recon
Thanks for using your experience and power against someone that belittling our system, thanks Mr. McCain...
Senator,  if you and Tump will get past your fued Trump will include u in all....stop this fued we the citizens are paying for your.tifts...
Really SONGBIRD
So Senator, what your saying is the people should not check on the people we hired to run out country but rather wait ..?
You exemplify what a person should be. Thank you for all you have done and will do.
and perhaps him too @Briefslayer .  He seems to have problem with NS decisions being broadcast on twitter :)
cONGRESS IS tOO DUMB
Yes, Senator.We miss the way our government is suppose to operate.We want bipartisan Congress with open debate.Not closed doors shady deals.
Yes. Haven’t had that in over 10 years.
Exactly right Sen .McCain!
Senator McCain, wish you were president. Those crazy Trump tweets egging on that North Korean crazy pot...He should knock it off.
Senator, pssst, they don't have a clue, Sir! ~Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~
Well that's a Trump issue he does what he wants with no regards for anyone
John do you believe everything you hear in the news?
#JohnMcCainAmericanHero
Please stop talking.
To bad u don't have any opinion to health care that would make it pass. Oh, no u I have health care so to hell wAnything to help Trump fail.
Did you read the healthcare bill ? Why would you want something so bad to get passed no matter what?
You were a lousy candidate and an even worse Senator. Who, in their right mind, would listen to anything you have to say. Just resign!!
Way to show that spine McCain!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for ensuring the Executive Branch remains separate in spite of this Admin's efforts to dictate.Thank you, as always
Shut up McCain.  Your a traitor.  Why would we listen to anything you say.  Your Hillary's brother.

I can only imagine what could be accomplished with more senators like you.
John is not the run of the mill GOP (Greed Over Patriotism), he is a real patriot. There are very few in the party that are.
Talk to ur tweeter in chief ! He makes bigoted decisions by social media
Easy . Who can trust a disloyal and untrustworthy corrupt congress.
YOU SIRE HAVE ONCE AGAIN SOLD OUT OUR COUNTRY AND I HOPE YOU RESIGN AND REALIZE YOUR LEGACY IS NOW WORSE THEN OBAMAS
And you/we receive conflicting messages, along with ignoring true and important issues - like PR and U.S. V.I.   will Florida see refugees?
McCain is the only one with brains!!!
And with Brain cancer, that's more brains than Trump!
are you going to go ahead and start the impeachment proceedings now, or wait til guam is nuked out of existence?
When do you leave the Senate. We need start planning a big party.  Maybe something constructive will get done.
McCain does deep state dirty work to hide his crimes. https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0 
Thank you!!! 
Your courage and push for bipartisanship (or at least proper procedure) are appreciated. Far too rare today. Keep up the fight.
You mean Twitter John?
#RECALL
DT doesn't listen to the PDB's or anything the IC uncovers? Thank God for Christopher Steele. I'm mounting a photo of him on the refrig..
Ok SongBird McCain......good to know you're still lying and colluding with the enemy
Really?  Get lost.
You need to retire John
Great idea. You should talk to Congress and have them do something about it.
Leaks need to change first, what are YOU doing about that

That's for damn sure!! And usually the media gets it from 45's Twitter account!
Or Putin himself
They can't trust you to keep it out of the media, that must change also
This is your daily reminder that you are LOVED beyond belief by the people you have served. Continuing to hold you in my steadfast prayers.
Yet even more reasons to be glad for a free press.
You have an axe to grind?
Be an American & support your President!
OK! U don't like Trump,we get it. But why are you hurting millions by not voting on a health care repeal.U know dems.won't support anything.
Simple, it leaves millions who have insurance now will be without if this repeal is passed. 1+1 does not =3 Stand Tall Sen.McCain
Are you really that stupid? Try looking at the cost of people paying for it. They can't afford it.
The fix is easy make it a Medicare type http://coverage.Insurance  companies overcharge patients for catastrophic illnesses.
Well, right now the government is overcharging healthcare and giving those same insurance companies subsidies . And they are overcharging,
Thanks Senator. My sister has the same brain tumor - 15 months & she's hanging strong. My thoughts are with you. Thanks for caring about us!
So is this why Twitter is now allowing 280 characters... So trump can tweet more!!??  So trump can start a nuclear war with a single tweet!?
Thank you!
Fix it u fraud
Give them hell Mr. Senator!
WH spox CANNOT maintain..."POTUS didn't mean it." Context must be clear and POTUS DOES NOT HAVE THAT CAPABILITY!!!
Yes.  We shouldn't need someone to translate for our @POTUS.  But unfortunately, he's a moron, so...
Our President is focusing on creating more controversy among ourselves than protecting our Country.
Because you are in bed with the media Senator
You're a liar. Go away.
#JohnMcCain how many rats did you eat in captivity?

Stop putting your hatred for Trump ahead of what the people sent you to congress to do.
You mad because you aren't getting the info you want to sell?
Last administration made Congress insignificant on purpose. Congress failed to control Obama because they were scared of being called racist
,why don't the gop do something abt administration with Jared and ivankas emails you persicuted Hillary for it
Senator McCain, be sure to just block or totally ignore fools like @Harry_Kary. Their lack of humanity and basic common sense speak volumes!
Change would be good. Yes.
Yes. Do something about it. You have the power to keep this country great.
Old school republicans I can live with
Get out of swamp so you can see clearly what's really going on in America
So true.
Well all I hear is that with a clear conscience I can not waste my time listening to your opinion on anything else. You sir, are not 4 us!
What all did you learn on National Security decisions under Obama? Not a damn thing!! It's time you go away McCain.
That would imply some news isn't fake, good to know
Stop the leaks then but you like the leaks. I guess it's a catch 22 for you. Time to retire #termlimits
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for doing what is right on health care, instead of just voting for anything they throw out there.
Decisions or rhetoric?
Thank you!
We have President Trump now so I trust his administration to find those Leakers and stop them!  JOHN you just need to do your part
Because the current administration will not be honest.....keep the leaks coming
Too often, Arizona citizens learn about @SenJohnMcCain campaign lies too late to adjust vote.  This must change.
I get this but your still a stubborn old goat. Lie down and go away in the interest of our great country. Bye bye
He's your clown John. YOU KNOW what has to be done. My question is Mueller adding the Felonies @realDonaldTrump has committed to the list?
Dude, you're not the President! Just do your job instead stirring up shit or just retire.
Does@Congress understand Trump's "tax cut" is actually an increase?
The only way it will change is if Trump is impeached.  The man is unstable and dangerous to our country and the planet.
If you all would stop leaking info it would change.  SUPPORT your president.

Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your continued patriotism.  We are better with mavericks like you.
What the heck are you talking about @SenJohnMcCain ? You all in congress need to end the innuendos and criticism of our president
Well, most politicians say one thing to get voted in, but when it comes time to put up, they bail...leaving us to believe that they lie.
'Old' news
Leakers. You think this just started??Glad you now want to do something about it.
Support the administration then maybe you'll be kept in the loop.
The only way that will change is if you change the man standing on the soap box holding a spot light on himself tweeting it out
That's scary!
Harry Katy you're so misinformed about the ACA. This is the Romney plan .
Why did email Clinton? 
Why are you involved in the email chain?
Tell the people about the special access program that you've been running.

#ISIS result of Israeli Oded Yinon neocon plan vs #Iraq, #Syria & beyond pushed by neocon mouthpiece @SenJohnMcCain http://america-hijacked.com/2014/07/13/the-unfolding-of-yinons-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east-the-crisis-in-iraq-and-the-centrality-of-the-national-interest-of-israel/ …
CIA's Mike Scheuer schools #neocon mouthpiece @SenJohnMcCain on #terrorism motivation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95ncn5Q16N4&list=PL3C32560738EF3C30&feature=plpp … #neocons #iraq #syria #libya
Read @SteveSniegoski's following article on how @SenJohnMcCain became a neocon mouthpiece: http://www.unz.com/article/mccains-transmutation-from-cautious-realist-to-super-hawk/#neocons … #iraq #navy #usnavy #sot
@USNavy Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted abt #USSLiberty coverup on #MemorialDay 2012 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWyjykrLbvU&feature=youtu.be … #navy #usnavy
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted abt #USSLiberty coverup & #Media Accomplices https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #navy #usnavy
#USSLiberty survivors invoke #Benghazi asking 4 investigation denied by @SenJohnMcCain http://www.military.com/daily-news/2013/06/07/liberty-survivors-invoke-benghazi.html … #navy
The Day Israel Attacked America: http://america-hijacked.com/2014/10/30/the-day-israel-attacked-america/ … #Navy #USNavy #Military #Marines #USMC #SOT
#USSLiberty Wins One!: http://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/the-uss-liberty-wins-one/ … #navy #usnavy #military #veterans #marines #usmc #sot
Maybe because congress has been irrelevant/ineffective for at least 8 years?  Do something other than talk and hate.
You mean the way you got the Phony Russian Dossier then leaked it out to the Press before handing your work over to the  FBII ?
We're with you, Senator!
Agreed!
You all are able to vote this President out. Do it. do your jobs .
stop letting this happen.
Get this ignorant president out of our lives
retire please!
John McCain. Arizona's other Democratic Senator.
Time for you to change and step down
Find the leakers put them in jail
The leaker is trump and his fucked up tweets
Yeah, hey John... too often constituents learn that elected officials like you abandon their promises easily. #RepealObamaCare & retire.
Sen. McCain, DJT is too busy tweeting provocative taunts to KJU and playing at being a leader to worry about such trivial matters as Nat Sec
This is the way Wash. has been working for yrs. You are part of it. Why is it you feel this way just now???
Thank you, Senator McCain. My heart is with you.
1 You are right. U do not work for the Pres. but for the PEOPLE. We voted and you've done nothing but fight the agenda we voted for.
To often there are leaks to media - one per day.
John McCain is like the ghost of America's past.
You mean there are elected officials who want to learn about world affairs from a source other than Fox&Friends?
No shit.
Your underground bunker is waiting for you John.
Hateful bot. This is disgusting and inhuman.
Thank you, Senator McCain, for putting the health and welfare of your people first.  You're a good man.
That proves, this administration must be changed, before anymore damage is done to our nation.
Exactly. ASAP. It's unbelievable! This administration cannot function.
Maybe you should focus on replacing Obama care
I know what it's like to face death. I've been in ICU four times in last year and half. I've actually found it freeing. Be safe and ignore.
U r the best!!!  Thank u!
I admire you & your military service.  However I don't admire your voting record.  Several yea botes to repeal OB Care all nay under Trump??
good wouldn't tell you shit you will leak it to the media
