You really need to shut up or switch Parties. You obstruct just like a Dem.
I agree with almost everything you say, but if Trump was so moved by the Syrian crisis, why isn't he letting more refugees in?
Nobody care just go away McCain.  #GoawayMcCai
Peace in the Pacific is the most important thing.
What is going on with the aircraft carrier. ?  Trump is making the US look stupid.  He says the carrier is going to NK.
But the carrier went missing.  Only Trump could lose a carrier.Stupid.Trump is the worst President.  He needs to be impeached for stupidity.
I Do NOT feel Safe with Trump in WH!!  Trump is an incompetant, egotistical, chest beating buffoon. Tell him to stop agitating N.Korea!
John you should discuss the spread of Fundamentalist Muslim. Leave N Korean alone!
RETIRE...
When are you going go do your job? Trump didn't become presidential just because he shot off a few bombs.
North Korea is a problem but so is a president who continues to spend our money golfing.  Get him to take care of business in DC.
Mr. McCain are Mujahideen terrorist group who lost a bit of our mullahs are not #آلترناتیو #شاهزاده_رضا_پهلوی #Rezapahlavi is iranian choice
John you know Russia crap is about to hit.. Please stand up against this phony President!
John are you going to sit by and watch these push us into WW3??
I am an AZ ResidenT-until last election a firm McCain supporter. You PROMISED you weren't running for reelection-then you did #KEEPYOURWORD
You voted to change the rules so your parties nominee made it through we won't forget it took cheating & you went along with it! #Corrupt
Following senate rules = cheating?  Same rules Dems "cheated" by in 2013.  Do you have a real argument, or was that it? #knowtherules
Dems never used nuclear option
Mary, still curious if this revelation has changed your mind on this issue?
@NathanOHaraPhD @chucktodd @MeetThePress John, you're a lot of talk, but little action. Retire.
Please explain what you were doing in Albania last week?? Shame on you
The great North American RINO.  SO rare to see one in the wild.
You'll be getting a long overdue erection over sending a carrier group to the region.  Could be your chance to start conscription again
Bad policies for decades makes finding a sound viable solution now very difficult as the problem has worsened.
Today on the first Easter Sunday, Jesus rose from the dead.  Jesus died for our sins and was resurrected to offer us ETERNAL life.
Stay out of it, we have a Sec. Of Defense, don't need a RINO who cannot be trusted.
Korean artillery. ..we can't take 'em all out. Smart thing to say? Should be secret? Just a dumb thing!
We are waiting for your townhall. We have questions
BEWARE - #BorisEpshteyn worked with #SenJohnMcCain - McCain is still in Russia's pocket which is why he won't act on impeachment for 45. FU
Real  journalist and tell these people off!?
You and others fell for it! Ultimatelly, will have America destroyed  5 years!  Todd, when are you gonna become a
You and others fell for it! Ultimately, will have America destroyed  5 years! Todd, when are you gonna become a Real  journalist and tell
Pence is also illegitimate because he knew. These traitors need to be Prosecuted & Jailed! #Resist
Senator McCain when the facts are out & it's proven that Trump & team worked with  election Void.
Senator McCain do not give this Illegitimate President Authorization For War. #Resist
Senator McCain Donald & his team are traitors & need to be prosecuted. Put your country 1st. #Resist
Cant believe how much credibility you're losing by lying so much and this Todd guy lets u get away with it! Obama didnt do anything in Syria
Senator McCain we won't be distracted We Demand all facts Crosschecks &  involvement 2016 election
Why don't you try doing your job for a change and push the investigations of Trump&Fam&Admin&Associates CORUPTION&TREASON??? Try That'!
Senator McCain Donald is Sadly to and Ignorant Treasonous Cowardice Liar. #Resist

You also said that you hope Pres. Trump "succumbs" to DC establishment.Just when I thought you couldn't get any crazier, you prove me wrong.
McCain yodles and Warren & Sanders echo.  U R hurting the GOP and POTUS and those will be running soon?  What a legacy u R leaving.
Senator, you have been in Congress for many years. Have you not come up with a strategy for N. Korea? Excuses and blaming are not strategy.
...and we don't want to deal with that fucked up country ourselves. So Trump & Tillerson are attempting "diplomacy" instead of nukes.
Wow. John mccain the regular go to guy to bash trump. What you 92 now John? Go home
Donald Trumps WH is a disgrace. N Y Times today was discusting as to the void of Ethics
Don't get distracted by all the saber rattling. Help us find out if 45 colluded with Russians and fast please before he destroys everything.
Moral superiority please you boot licker DT in the WH and a resort. Losing his mind with no morals and set on world destruction many enemies
You are a failure you need to retire
always encouraged by the sincerity that comes through Sen McCains words and actions. Stark contrast to trump, ryan, sessions,spicer...fakers
Please. He doesn't walk the walk
SENATOR MCCAIN. If you have nothing constructive to say about POTUS or fellow Republicans, kindly shut up. Your negative rhetoric is a -. 
could you please keep Trump in line? PLEASE?
I notice you and Graham get a great amount of news coverage. The way I see it is they (news) are  trying to push you globalist ideals  NWO
THIS MAN'S LIPS ARE MOVING SO HE MUST BE LYING, B.T.J.M.O.
I loved that Chuck Todd couldn't get McCain to turn on POTUS Trump regarding China.
Yeah @SenJohnMcCain we get it...you turned liberal and should just come out and run as one the next election time.
Kim Jong-un and Trump both suffer from serious narcissism. We can impeach Trump. That is the first order of business towards survival.
A reasonable, informed voice
It's time to correct our leadership!
I thought your remarks this morning about President Trump's approach to policy were fair and balanced...and wise. Thank you.
NICE! Will catch it tomorrow, first thing. #HappyPassover and #HappyEaster, you two.
YK
What about the Russian stooge in the White House ?
Hope McCain's correct re wisdom of DJT's military advisers( is,will unstable DJT listen 2 them).
This intolerable. Putin daily bombardment never shown on TV. Please call for Russia to be cut off from US banking.
#Hama: 30+ #Russia|n airstrikes with thermite bombs have hit #Lataminah in Northern #Hama so far. Town is burning.
http://wikimapia.org/#lang=de&lat=35.320868&lon=36.622581&z=13&m=b … 
McCain can't have it both ways.  Obama came to Congress.  Congress refused to act. Now he's talking 8 yes . McCain was is that Congress!
Why does McCain keep taking Congress Out Of  Obama decision in Syria. Congress refused 2give authorization 4 response 2 2013 chemical attack
This crazy person you help keep in office> Trump, need to be in an Asylum or Jail, not running our USA.
Are you in some stage of Dementia or is lying just your thing U praise an insane Treasonous Trump, but lie about Obama, STOP!
I can't believe I ever voted for you for President!  Wish I had a vote for your term limit!
@POTUS gets it...plz  let him handle china & N Korea & 4N policy
Plz Meeting & praising Islamic cults i.e. #MEK worse than #KhemrRouge
He is listening to who? Not a single military or intel person was present when he made the syria decision. Just the money ppl were present.
Carter created political Islam supported Khomeini & is paying  4 it today
we are responsible 40 yrs down the line
You are a hero @SenJohnMcCain but now you support a lunatic egotist @POTUS in his delusions of grandeur. You are now part of the problem
not cool 2 praise Islamic cults #MEK  will further inflame & destabilize the region + Europe 
Plz Support #Path2Peace #RezaPahlavi
#MEK is Not "struggling for freedom" #MEK struggling 2 destroy USA  #MEK Islamic Cult fundamentally oppose USA values
 killed Americans
It looks you senator will be a good fit to advocate for North Korea propaganda.
Your comments about DT were way off.  Any chance even one of you knuckleheads will put country before party. 45 is indefensible.
@WSJ 
#MEK NOT representing #Iranians #stopDealing 
#MEK Killed Americans 
#unify4realsolution #SecularIran via #RezaPahlavi 

@POTUS
It's time 4  to #SayNo2Mullahs plz #Unify4RealSolution
#Path2Peace #SecularIran via #Rezapahlavi 
80M Irani hostage of Mullahs
@VOANews
LOVE, LOVE, and Admire JM for his bravery, loyalty to the USA and troops. Wish he were Pres advisor!
Warmonger.
should have talked about tax returns and why you haven't gone after them
I figured out why ALL the lies and framing Assad. Golan, belongs to SYRIA. You r ALL a bunch of "pack" animal's, like hyenas 4 OIL-IN-SYRIA.
How old are you now? And
How many warmongering years left in you?
Call ur dog ( trump) off
Your nothing but talk. Where is the independent commission investigate Trump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation

Rebel suicide attack kills over 100 civilians in Syria.
CNN reports "dozens of supporters of Assad" killed in a "hiccup". 
Nice to see you on TV. We'd like to see you in AZ in an inperson townhall please.
Of course, OUR missiles are used to actually KILL people, despite best efforts to convince everyone that they are bombs of peace and love.
where'd you dig this up Big Dave? Lol
@IRSnews IRS was to separate Church from State. IRS was taken over by Mormon Utah Senator Orrin Hatch Oversight Committee Chairman.
LOL....what idiots.  WE provoke the North Koreans every damn DAY.
I'm sure thAt wS a waste of time?..NBC sucks!
Plse demand that DT doesn't do this alone. He is reckless. Congress must have input  Plse be strong & demand debate. TY  #KoreanPeninsula
Traitor
Senator McJello. You've lost all credibility and respect.Trump grab your pussy?
So sick of you flip-flopping on Trump. #45 is a traitor and you want to support him, say he is growing/learning.
Well spoken.  Just wish you did not vote to destroy the Senate.  You have strong words, but your actions matter.  Go beyond words.
Why on @MeetThePress all the time? Can't they get someone outside the pols/pundits to say something they actually believe? Why I don't watch
That will be a love fest

What about Trumps provocations?  Can someone take down his twitter?

Blow em up John??



If stupid was a crime you would get life !
THANK YOU 
SEN MCCAIN
SO RIGHT 
& SUPPORT YOU ALL THE  WAY
AND TRUMP
WISE& INTEL MEN
-Seriously, Chuck, you have No Balls...give the show back to @davidgregory or better, to @maddow
The show is already left enough, you wanna tip the boat over??
This is not about Left or Rt...it is about holding @GOP accountable
So an "impartial" political news show should be just about railing on @GOP?  #notfair #notbalaced
These days YES.  An Unqualified Cabinet, bad policy & ALL complicit w/RUS
Most agree defense/military appointees top notch, Homeland Security head John Kelly seemed sound on @meetThePress    so cabinet unqualified?
military fine...all others are horrible.  Take care pal.
Trump is deporting mothers & separating families... not drug dealers & murders! He's using it to promote private dentention centers to make$
Former American hero likes trump now b/c of WAR Games! u suck. Chuck, you are an patsy! #trumprussia
John McCain you're so liberal you was probably Licking Chuck  Todd's balls before the interview started .  #songbird #traitor
Sir I have a lot of respect for you, but I want to know, who asked the U.S. to police the M/E?
if the world wants peace in the middle East then let someone else do something the U.S. been there
long enough,
Your wisdom and grace was once again on display, Senator McCain.
Hey, Chuck Todd is disconnected from reality.  Another #fakenews presenter
Isn't Easter egg roll supposed to be on Saturday when people r off work? trump is golfing, doesn't have time 4 people & military families!
NBCs Chuck Todd seems to have skipped to many classes in college. Not able to talk with a guy like Sen McCain
and that's not sayin much
Him
How 'bout you join your fellow Repubs in Congress to #impeachtrumpnow? #trumprussia #kleptocracy #nepotism #bananarepublic #TrumpTaxes
He wont. He is always in favor of war.
Warmonger
Do u care about the country?Man baby Trump poking the bear Kim Jong Un who takes tweet seriously & Tillerson saying diplomacy hasn't worked!
Trump is unstable,had 2 get 10min history lesson from Chinese,doesn't make decisions in a rational way, put the breaks on Trump!
WHY? You side with Trump on EVERYTHING! We're done listening to you waffle!
honestly I couldn't listen to whole interview......please remove your lips from TRUMPS ass, protect AMERICA from this LUNATIC!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being a voice of reason in an unreasonable world. 

Yes but if he releases his plan then our enemies will also know it especially since the security leaks are ramped  in the government

"KOREA HAS AN IRRATIONAL LEADER".......SO DOES AMERICA!
enjoy your last term in office,because you and other so called republicans will be #RepealAndReplace
@SenJohnMcCain@chucktodd @MeetThePress with real Republicans that know how and are willing to negotiate forALL Americans not just there dist
Did you talk about why we're supporting terrorists in Syria?
Or what to do about our OWN crazy leader?
Keep playing to the snowflakes. Look how they ravaged your pal Flake at his town hall meeting.
N Korea is like Iraq-NOTHING!!!!
I hear @united Airlines are looking pilots.
You do NOT want McCain as your pilot. His track record on that is poor.
Affirmative: Sen. John McCain of ARIZONA  also Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island, Easter Blessings to both your Respective Families.
What's in your browser history?
You are the poster child for Term Limits. RETIRE. RETIRE. RETIRE.
#ShowMeTheTaxes: #TrumpEaster:
#HappyEasterDonald #GOLAYANDEGG Happy Easter To Mr.President  And His Republican Party Administrative Members. 
