Please discuss why, in detail, you voted for DeVos.
I'll answer for him. $$$$$$$
$50,600 to be exact
so glad DEVOS is in , change is coming to our failed schools
I truly hope you're right and she changes things for the better.
Yall gonna talk about this @BetsyDeVos corruption and the art of selling your vote?
stay on this channel. John u r to old in the mind to stay in office. pls resign for the betterment of the USA

Back making the round on CNN msnbc need a rep prez bashed call McCain traitor scum bag
keep the pressure on John. I Support those across party lines who do the right thing
@GrahamBlog @greta @MSNBC Update on how the racists are celebrating the confirmation of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General.
U missed TheNews when Attorney General Session's party opposed Duke in the election+prosecuted his pals
time for @SenJohnMcCain to retire and ride into the sunset. Was the invasion of Normandy a success? Loss of life and machines
Greta, ask McCain next time why he voted to silence Elizabeth Warren because of Ms. King's letter?
John McCain next Democrat to run for office. Suck it up McCain you are on your way out we will vote you out!
Sean Spicer criticized you for talking botched Yemen raid that got Seal dead and others wounded
MCCain you are pathetic!
why let yourself be a weapon of the #left. #personalfeelings should not influence your duty to protect.
Figures this anti American would be on Liberal socialist sites.McCain sucks.
McCain anti American socialist.lost Plane in Nam,collaborated with enemy,Never helped vets,Money from SOROS.
Totally valid to hear comments from a civil rights icon regarding atty general candidate's racist history.
Anything for a few minutes of fame! Betraying the Republican Party! Betraying We The People! Dossier dummy!
Greta make sure you ask McCain why he voted against Civil Rights with his vote for Session?
did you discuss the traitors pardon by Nixon and how otherwise he'd still be in prison
No, I won't watch any of those and you should not either but....you don't care about your party or the people
Senator: stop talkg against Trump admin. Ur motive?  WRONG!! Self-serving & political. WRONG!! STOP!!!
So you're saying that Warren shouldn't read a letter FROM a civil rights icon about how Sessions violated civil rights? Nice.
you may be one of the few people in this country who can stand for decency and truth, please do not back down
did the scientologist ask you a tough question like why did you take money from Soros?
If u vote 4 #JeffSessions the American people will know u & @GOP r party over that sir we will #NeverForget
..McCain is a pedophile...
..Are you going to talk about Pizza Gate?
Are you going to kiss @realDonaldTrump 's ring for bringing Intel jobs to AZ? DJT is the leader AZ needed.
Don't be a wedge in the Republican party, that's what the Democrats want to happen. They will exploit it
John and Lindsey have Guts. No fear in Twitter Bullying (Trump)
Please stand up for our country #letlizspeak #ShePersisted #ShePersists
the @BetsyDeVos was the straw that broke the back. I respected you until now... How could you vote for that
nobody watches that network again senator time to resign
Is there anything about trump so far that concerns you?
Unfollowing you @SenJohnMcCain Payoff from Unqualified DeVos & Racist Sexist Voting to Silence Warren. Voting in Sessions = GOP Against USA
you are a respectable man, but Devos? How could she even have been considered. So out of touch with the reality
Are you all talk? Are you incapable of voting in the interests of the people? Quit normalizing Trump and the
bigotry he is pushing onto the US. If you can't work for the people, fire yourself. #illigitimate #orangemenace
..from a Dem. & we have our differences... but thank you for speak'g sanity, empathy, & truth, for all of us.
When will you realize Trump is not fit to be POTUS and do something about it. Be a hero once again. Please.
You lost your right to address Americans when you used blood money to cast your vote for DeVos vs constituents
I have zero respect for you - You still take special interest money.
Voting majority condemn "pay to play" politics. So much for cleaning the swamp when swamp is infested more
Disappointed in you, Senator for TRYING to silence a fellow senator. How long till you are supporting Putin?
senator.  Please help take America back from what is looking more and more like Russia.  You and a few more GOP
leaders need to stand up to trump. If not, you are just as guilty and evil.  Be a leader and be a true hero
It appears that, above all else, your legacy will be summarized by a string of really awful decisions. #Corrupt
needed 1 person of reason 2 stand 4 children. Bet u don't hire unqualified when ur future is on the line unreal
DeVos was a bad move John. I'm surprised. Ignore party lines for the good of the people.
hypocrite. Your words will no longer have any meaning as they are bullshit
you stabbed our kids in the backs. Why do you Republicans HATE the American people? So horrible!!
Trump threatened to destroy the career of a Texas Senator whom sheriff Harold Eavenson complained about!
Real 'Mob' talk!
McConnell shut up Warren-Disgraceful! This is going to backfire on the Republicans.
Gonna discuss retirement or switching parties to the one that best represents you?
I'm a leftie but if I had to ever vote for a republican it would be John McCain.
senators who publicly insult presidents and leaders of different countries don't have too much brain themselves
You have no integrity, you're just all bark until someone hands you some money. Shame.
How did you vote to confirm DeVos, you have forgotten that you work for us the people and not your party
I am so dissappointed in you. Obviously DeVos $$ is more important to you than your constituents and children.
always respected you especially for your effort in the Vietnam war.  Thanks for standing up to Trump, but not to DeVos?
everyday I lose more respect 4 you. All ur years of service & yet it's being torn away--for what? Ur party? Unbelievable
Wow
senator you helped me lose faith in our country when you sold out DeVos. #MAHA make America whole again.Sellout
Talk about your cowardly vote to confirm DeVos. How unqualified must a Trump nom be for you to choose country over party?
what a turncoat you are. Voting for someone just because she donated thousands of dollars to you. Shame!!
i thought you were gonna be an ally against trump. But apparently you can be bought for half as much as @marcorubio was
. 2) our Soldiers are not killers. They are our protectors. And this monster is their Commander in Chief? He must go.
. 1)Thank you for being angry about the "killer" remarks Trump made. I would have to spit in his face if I met him.
for the record, you're a sell-out...taking bribes from Devos for your vote...Trump was right, you're a loser.
I hoped u wud stand up to DJT and Devos $50,000 speaks louder than my ed degree, master's n reading and 30 yrs
I guess since public education isn't a need  u or your children have, it doesn't matter. So your vote can be $$
money talks Johnny boy. You're the worst bullshit artist of them all
How dared you rail against Trump & His affair w Putin and then refuse to stand against him when it counts!
Shame on u voting YES 2 DeVos! Please explain 2 my children why u chose 2 destroy the future of their education

you're a #mofo why don't you go ask your racist AG what that means. You're a traitor to the children.
you suck!!!! You just screwed the children of this nation. For what??? Loyalty to the party line?
you chose your party over your country. Just like all the others. I used to defend you as an ethical man.
Is there nothing this racists, fascist, Putin loving president can do that you won't say no to?
I hope you got a really good deal for throwing your vote to DeVos because I have zero respect for you now.
Congratulations on selling out the children of this nation for 50k...  "Textbook" Pay to Play

We see how much she gave you to sell our children. Lots of AZ voters voting against you. Will she give you a job?
Even ur daughter knows it's time 2 support ur president, that we the people VOTED IN2 the high office as R LEADER!Common man!
are you covering the DeVos vote and the selling of America? I know I'd like to hear you explain your vote
Are you afraid of Trump?  You sure seem like it with your vote today.  You disgust me.
Bought and paid for. #DirtyPolitics
#goingtohell #shameonyou #WeDontMatter #retireplease
As one of your constituents, please do not vote yes on Sessions. Read the letter the Warren was unable to read.
admit it- you're afraid of upsetting the Billionaires in the administration, right?
SHAME ON YOU!  Selling out our children.  I always thought you were an honorable man.  I was WRONG
you're the only Republican I have ever voted for, and today when you voted to confirm, you made me regret that vote. #bought
Why don't you man up, Senator, and try doing the right thing for a change?
.@SenJohnMcCain @greta @MSNBC so u voted for DeVos, then u voted to silence Elizabeth Warren tonight... shame on you
too bad you're part of the swamp and sold your soul for 50,000. #McCain4Sale
i thought you were a maverick, but you're really just a sycophant.
Hope she asks you about the $2500 you got from Soros.
John will smile like he always does while he's screwing over America.  His legacy will be forever tarnished.
I don't understand how you voted for DeVos.  With your tenure, you could be the voice of reason and integrity.
the perfect outlet for u
SHAME!  SHAME!! SHAME!!!
Shame on ur Devos vote today. So disappointed in you - thought more of u. U couldn't even stand up to DT. 
Oh, now I'm seeing her family gave you $50,600 - now I get it.  Sad this is what America has turned into. 
Murkowski was given $$ too but she voted against her.  Thank you @lisamurkowski
sellout
I'm beyond disappointed in your vote for DeVos
Known as a 'MavericK/war hero. Today you disappointed us with your vote on Devos. You did not work for your constituents.
As a widow of man who was true Republican &patriot I am ashamed of each Republican man who sold out.Disgraceful
you chose party over children's right 2future,of competing  in world of science&technology, you failed them
u r the 1 I thought would be for country. ..when are collusion crimes 2 b investigated? No, party over country
you failed our children, by voting 4most disqualified, I guess you have 2be a woman 2understand what you did
You work 4us,not 4Trump mad house&yet you don't listen 2your employers American People,I find it un-American
why did you vote YES on DeVos?
when Romania's government listens 2 their people &USA's doesn't,there is something wrong.
I might not agree with everything you say, but I am counting on you to stand up as much as you can. Fight!
shame on you, Senator! Selling out the future of America's children!!
You were once a war hero. Now...you're just a sold out traitor. Disgusting.
what  you should b praying for Is a brain. Can't believe you voted for #devos
#explainyourself
.  Maybe we can find a hospital for both you and Greta. You're both sellouts to the conservative party
Did you discuss how you're a @BetsyDeVos #sellout?
For the record...why did you vote yes on Betsy Devos? Would love to know.
disappointed in your vote regarding DeVos. I expected more from you.

On the floor, I read a letter that Coretta Scott King wrote in 1986 opposing @SenatorSessions's judicial nomination: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/01/10/read-the-letter-coretta-scott-king-wrote-opposing-sessionss-1986-federal-nomination …
John. Taking money from Soros?  Really?   RINO!!!!
I called you numerous times! I tried to forgive you for Palin; votes for DeVos & Sessions will be your undoing
you gonna share how easily $50k buys your vote?  Or is that just for the uber rich & unqualified?
You're a toothless, grandstanding snake.
I'm so disappointed in you. Thought you were brave enough to take a stand, but you just follow the $ #DeVosvote
johnny boy I voted for you but we need less career politicians and your against our president just retire!
what happened on that @BetsyDeVos vote? I was certain you would have been bolder in your decision.
he'll say what we want to hear.
Remember it was SESSIONS who inserted Carter Page into the campaign. ABSTAIN from Vote. Cannot trust Sessions
...Senator, your vote for Ms. Devos was disheartening. This is a time, again, when your Country needs you.
.@SenJohnMcCain @greta @MSNBC I don't care what you say anymore. You are JUST LIKE ALL THE REST Today there were no mavericks. #DeVosvote
Discuss your twitter disagreements with Trump
But how you won't stand up to him
Maverick writes pretty letters than meekly carries the water for the man who insults his war record. SAD!
Like how you sold out America's kids for $36,000? #DeVos
You sold us out. So disappointed.
Your DeVos vote is shameful. Please discuss how she bought you.
apparently 50k from DoVos all it takes to buy ur vote to put a unqualified, no experience to cabinet! AZ res not happy here!!
Is one of the discussions your lack of concern about the future of education by confirming pay-for-play Betsy?
Please explain why you sold our children out to someone without experience and bought her say in. Shameful!
Let is know how you feel about the bill in the house calling to dismantle the EPA.
After all your bluster, u still vote for $. My dad who served with u on the Ranger boat was right about u.
Please ABSTAIN from vote on Sessions. You know he is WRONG choice. The people of Arizona are counting on you. ABSTAIN
you've lost us.  No interest anymore.
let me guess? It was the Russians and loads people have to die to fix it and we need more guns to kill baddies
Make sure you tell them how the YOU and republicans are screwing the US public! You need to get a conscience!
Pls ask what role the DeVos contributions to his campaign played in his vote for a totally unqualified nominee.
Lots to discuss, like how you sold AZ public education to the highest bidder, AKA DeVos!!
His to worried about Russiaits s new world you didn't have a problem with Hillary and she is Corrupted.
you are not a Republican just a liberal
