John why don't you retire however we wont thank you for the memories of stabbing America in the back with McCain/Feingold and McCain/Kennedy
You should follow him
When are you retiring?
 British humor, especially his. Hope he keeps Tweeting. Ty
I wish our legislators in DC would have the same sense & RETIRE. They've suckled long enough, becoming wealthy & "bought" at our expense. :(
We all know what the 'MEMORIES' are. 
Stay on, John. We need you!
You next please
Why don't YOU retire!!!
He's a better man than u but not much, follow his lead, retire , hVent you ripped off Americans enough?
You're turn
You should follow...America is sick of John McCain and other established politicians who have NO clue what the American people want!
More free insurance?
?
Americans don't want to work. Just want free homes, food, and healthcare. #americanway
Save the world and do the same better still RIP
Hey are you not getting the message? Time for you to do it I just regret that you want be around in 2022 so that u could c ur own defeat
You need to retire, John
When are u going to retire pos?
Time for you to follow his lead.
Take a hint .
Any chance you'll take a hint and do the same?
Retiring from a lavish lifestyle he really served his people well
Or backing the GOP and working with democrats so you can be the media and democrats favorite Republican Iam glad that you wont be President
And you need to retire
Hey how about those latest increases to hc in Idaho. Up to 81% & last year it hit record high in 32yrs tell them why Johnny boy
Thats a man a country can be proud to have as a role model for young men, a leader among the world
McCain retiring is a great idea, you should go for it.
YOU should've retire after your FAILED presidential run..YOU had to LIE to get elected,then BETRAYED THE PEOPLE!
I am very glad your worried about all other foreign countries not that our family of 5 in SC has no ins went up 30% 1 carrier thanks McCain
Retiring from what?
Now if only Prince McCain would do the SAME1st
Only memory I want is your resignation

Yes, a constant my life long...
what did you screw him over too?
You should follow suit. Time to retire you devious old man. You're very close to meeting your maker Satan.
Take it easy Duke  had a Great Run! The stepping out Duke!
Time's not on our side as age creeps up to open a path to our children & hopefully God rewards us by opening a path to us in heaven forever!
Hey Johnny, why don't you join him in the ranks of being retired?!
What about yr 2 standards on Russia  interference and US doin the same? Like yr opinion on that my man
DID IT ONE STEP BEHIND ....
Always a class act.
Still alive?
Take a hint McCain, but it won't be with honor for you.
Now u should follow suit!!!
Your turn. And thanks for the memories. Libya, Yemen , Syria , Somalia  and my fav your  1992 betrayal of http://P.O.Ws 
Take the hint!

why don't you follow suit?
Retirement is a damn fine idea, don't you think? Hmmm?
Any take away clues for you ?
He's had it rough,,glad he can take it easy
America would appreciate it if you did the same!!!
JOIN HIM!! RETIRE!
Take the hint.
Please follow him out the door! 
Royals are evil
Follow his lead
You my friend should follow in his footsteps! Retire already! Enjoy making memories with your family.
You could honor him by following his example and retiring yourself.
Go away RINO!!
Retire? From what?
Phillip has been a constant in my life, even after moving from the U.K. To the U.S. It'll be weird without him
Maybe you ought to do the same thing, retire!

Yes John now how about you!!!
I admire most those that serve their country. Prince Philip has sacrificed so much for GB.
Can't say that about you
Wonderful man fully enjoy his candor
Hey John does this give u any ideas huh huh retire
I'm only 65, and I have days when I feel like "retiring" from public life. It seems Prince Philip has done a phenomenal job!
U pullin our leg
@zara915
omfg
Take a hint John.
