Please don't flip on Devos. All what you're hearing is media and Democrat lies and rhetoric. Charter schools have meaning.
Even what we heard from her mouth at the hearings?
Give an example of her "disqualification"?
Her record of trying to shift public funds away from public to charter and private. Her lack of knowledge of the system.
What's your solution for failing inner-city schools? Let them keep failing? You're a typical blowhard Liberal. Charters work.
All charters? How much research have you done on this?
Research I've done is that children in Charter Schools are more likely to have a fact based education than those in inner cities.
Can you share your study(ies)?
Happy Birthday Ms. Roberta from Team Trump.  My grandmother lived to be 100 years old.  Honor her John and return to God.
Russia?
As a democrat, I have to ask, "Who couldn't LOVE your MOM"!
hopefully u wont still be in congress at 105. Poster child for term limits
Happy Birthday, Mrs. McCain.
She would be ashamed at how you've needed up. Not one ounce of integrity.
. O m g#!!! Happy Birthday!!! So amazing!!!
Please support the arts, humanities and sciences. Protect seniors. #budget
Your mom is BEAUTIFUL. You're so lucky to have her.
Hank and Isabelle loved Roberta and would have rejoined. A hug from their daughter Suzy to her.
@SpeakerRyan @WhiteHouse - Elder abuse hurts everyone.
Seriously Wow Amazing HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
@MittRomney  hey John start building stop tearing American down back Trump & make America strong 1 vet to another
you need to retire
She's probably my ashamed. I would be.
@MittRomney Waoh...105 years is worthy of loads of celebration and noise from the roof tops...there is longevity in the blood
Ah! I understand why you seem so young. Gold genetic! This woman seem 80!
It's been so much fighting looking for people from Roberta's photos around me since kindergarten.
Hello, this man on the left side has been located many times. His family is not interested in the marriages.
she should have aborted you.
When she once was on a trip in Europe and too old to rent a car she when across the street and bought one to use while there.
Cant believe how great she looks for 105.  She looks like she's in her 80's. Lovely woman. Spunky.
@MittRomney She looks beautiful!
@MittRomney Congratulations!!! One of our Nation's Honored Mothers. God bless and keep in His Love and Grace.
@MittRomney Happy birthday to your mother Senator McCain!!!May God continue to shine His favor upon her.
Happy Day Roberta McCain. Many Blessings to you.
Happy 105th Birthday Roberta! You look fabulous!!
May God continue to bless you
I do not know you but WOW you are marvelous Happy Birthday at 82 I feel like a pup again WOW
You are truly blessed.
That is wonderful Blessings to her. 
  YOU NEED TO RESIGN  TRAITOR !!
May you live as long as you mom, Senator McCain. @SenJohnMcCain
yea happy birthday  I wonder if she realizes how corupt you really are Jonny Songbird McCain
Amazing!
Wow. Happy Birthday to your mom.
Sweet! She must be appalled that you're taking abuse from BLOTUS and his ambulating scab Bannon, time to get him out!
Happy 105th to your mom.
God bless her . Wow
Trump is making a fool of you.  Do something and stick up for yourself.  Trump treats you terrible with no respect.
If you are going to live for 100 years we will be blessed without war.
this lady gave birth to a cold hearted POS
may she live a 105 more
Happy birthday to your beautiful mother! Wonderful.
@MittRomney congratulations to your wonderful Mother!!!!
beautiful
A very Happy B'Day to your mother. Continue making her proud
She looks great!
@MittRomney 
 Congratulations to your Mom Senator, God bless
@chucktodd 
DAMN!!! Happy Birthday Mama McCain!!!!!
I am a Democrat but I appreciate your dedication to service and truth.  Your Mom must be very proud! <3
@chucktodd I thought John McCain was 105!
Happy Birthday to your Mother.  Mine is tomorrow ... only my 74th, but I hope to match your Mom's one day.
happy birthday. Did she go to public school?
@MittRomney u need to go home  and take care ok ur mom. Get out of politics. U are embarrassing conservatives
God bless U mom & your the best family in USA
#letlizspeak
Happy Birthday!
Yes, Happy Birthday to one of America's finest families, a grand tale of service and sacrifice. @johnbarell
is she proud of you assisting the burning of the constitution? She happy w/ you fully supporting trump?
How dare u vote for DeVoss.  So disappointed in you.
you are a true hero to me and to many others
Happy Birthday to your great mom. May God you and family.From an African guy who just adore everything about you
wish you could have told her that you did what was right for the country rather than the donors as a birthday gift. Fail.
shame on you for your DeVos vote.
Happy Birthday!
amazing. Lost lots of respect for you during the 08 campaign, but you are getting it back.  I hope you live well passed 105.
Shame! Shame! Shame! For voting for the unqualified Devos.
@MittRomney HAPPY BIRTHDAY MRS MCCAIN GOD BLESS YOU HOPE YOU HAVE ANOTHER 105 YEARS
I bet she's ashamed that you voted for Betsy #Devos. Lord knows the rest of your country is...but you only care about the GOP
wow
I wish she would have raised. MAN!!! I hope she is disgusted with you after yesterday's vote.
was going to respect your tribute and not mention devos, but you voted to silence @SenWarren in a despicable act. Shame on u
Amazing! Happy Birthday to your beautiful mom.  
Congratulations Mr McCain. Lucky man. And great politician!
what a disappointment. Why are you abandoning our democracy and our future? #resist
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCainMy aunt made it to 108 and she ws sharp & activ til she clsed her eyes.Let's see if yu can beat her
your mom lived long enough to see you go from a heroe to a coward. No mother deserves that on the week of her birthday.
so disappointed in you Sen McCain I was praying I would see the Maverick I have been told about but never witnessed.
expected more from you. Sad day..You sold out the kids...
Happy Birthday to your mom! She is lovely. Thank you Senator for being such a Statesman.
how proud of you do you think she is of you today?  Where is your integrity now?  #partyOverPeople
Happy Birthday to Ms. Roberta 
Moms are irreplaceable, butty daughters need @SenWarren  she needs your help too. #chivalry #do the right thing.Women rule
You sold us out old man. Devos was the last straw. You've only made our numbers swell today.
@chucktodd Great Lady and fine son!
- your vote for DeVos was poor!  Been an educator for 50 years and you blew it!
She looks wonderful!!
@MittRomney
@MittRomney HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROBERTA.
you hurt the USA today. You vote for Devos will have a negative effect on our children and country.Embarrassed American 2nite
Happy Birthday to Roberta! She is very lovely and you are blessed to still have her.
@cabrinimh231 WHY MUST DE VOS BE SECY EDU ? IS  SCHEME PECULIAR BILLIONAIRE  LIAR ADULTUROUS WHORE BOUGHT ALL REPUBLICANS
you have been blessed with a lovely mother..
@cabrinimh231  ?  COMEY STILL FBI BE  PRISON WITH MCCONNELL RYAN RUBIO CHAFFETZ GOP ELECTORAL COLLEGE ILLEGITIMATE
@cabrinimh231 NOW U MCCAIN WHY ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE PENCE CABINET RYAN MCCONNELL HATCH CHAFFETZ RUBIO CHAO DE VOS?
@cabrinimh231  BLESSING HAVE  MOM SPECIAL  INCREDIBLE 105 HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEVERAL MORE. BLESSINGS HUG KISSES BEAUTIFUL LADY
Happy Birthday Mrs.McCain!! I hope you enjoyed your special day! 
WOW! WHAT A LOOKER AT HER AGE!
she's beautiful
. Happy Birthday to this beautiful Lady.
Happy birthday to your mother. God bless!!
happy birthday to your mom. Please protect my moms Medicare! You are a patriot. US Code title 50 dec3031 restore NSC noBannon
She must be so proud of you,who at one time cared about this country and now who does nothing as it crumbles around all of us
congratulations wish you and your family all the best including jamb
Don't let this sweet video of his beautiful momma fool you.  He did the WRONG thing today on his mother's Bday!  Wowzers!
happy birthday to your mother..but I'm very disappointed in you right now. How could you go against the people and vote DeVos
@chucktodd Congratulations!
nice way to honor her by voting in someone completely inept. I'm so sad today
I can't thank u & ur family enough. I h8 twitter but Don scares me. Thank u for ur strength & hope. I hope Don learns2listn2U
@chucktodd I don't agree with much of your stances but happy 105 birthday.  What a beautiful lady!
She's ashamed of you for rebuking @SenWarren.   We all are.
@chucktodd happy bday. From the DEMS. NO disrespect. Your a good man. Had to come family. Not from your company you keep
Wow! Your mother looks great! Happy b-day to her!
why wouldn't you save us from DeVos?  You are the one I was counting on to help us!
Happy Birthday. God Bless!!
you're a sell out! You could have stopped Betsy Devos but you didn't because you're on her payroll . I used to respect you.
@chucktodd OMG McCain has longevity in his genes. Term limits please.
Congratulations on the big day, 105 incredible
@chucktodd Happy Birthday! 
I'm sure she's as disappointed in you as most of America is.  Way to go, chump.
Many happy returns of the day.
@chucktodd Fantastic! May you live as long. Thank you for your service.
why john, did you vote for Devon? I always thought you were the vote of reason. So disappointed
you shouldn't have let her down by voting for DeVos. You sold out kids of Arizona today.
happy birthday to your mom. 
Yea, she got to live a long life, but now you are other GOPers are taking others lives from them. You're a sick ticket dude.
@chucktodd what a lucky guy to still have a mama!
please keep up your good health, this country needs "old school" heroes; and congratulations on your mom's birthday milestone
Your so lucky to still have your beautiful Mother.God Bless her for the second hundred!Happy Birthday Mrs.McCain. 
@chucktodd wishing your mom a very Happy Birthday! But you? I'm so disgusted that you sold out today..disgraceful.
@chucktodd You voted yes for Devos. I lost respect for you.
@chucktodd Happy birthday your mother raised a great American!  This comes from a Democrat & US Marine!
Congratulations! 
congrats to ur mother Mr McCain.  Many more bdays for here
I thought you had integrity, but then you confirm DeVos. How can you face yourself in the mirror?
This exemplifies what will be taught in @BetsyDeVos schools: idiocy, bullying, cruelness. Our Down's Syndrome kids will be called "retards". https://twitter.com/bellafiore4u/status/829022029198209024 …
@BetsyDeVos WAS IT WORTH IT, SIR??
happy birthday to your mom.  No on EPA nominee Scott Pruitt would be a nice birthday gift from her son   .
@chucktodd God Bless Her, she looks fabulous!
Sadly my hero has clay feet. For 50K you caved & voted for DeVos. Your past objections disappeared with your conscience.
happy birthday to your Mom. Sad day for American children. Thanks for nothing Senator.
@chucktodd 
105! Wow. God bless her
@mamashenay Too bad her son has no morals left. Sad
@chucktodd I'm sure she's ashamed that you voted for Devos!!
@chucktodd Wow!  A very happy birthday to you.  You must be proud of John.  I am and I'm a Dem.  You are lovely.
@chucktodd no politics here! Just true respect for your mom's fortitude! Blessings for a wonderful Birthday! Happy 105!
@chucktodd happy birthday to Roberta
@chucktodd happy birthday mama McCain. Hey girl get your son.
@chucktodd Happy Birthday M’am!  Huge congratulations to you!!!
You're a noble friend, Chuck.  So are you, Senator.
@chucktodd Happy birthday to your mother!
@chucktodd Happy Birthday Roberta!
@chucktodd did you buy her something nice with all the money you got from @BetsyDeVos ? #traitor
@chucktodd you're the only Republican that i actually have some respect for. Happy Birthday Mom McCain.
you are a fortunate man to have your mother this long. May she be well and enjoy her life surrounded by family & friends!!
Partisan politics aside: Happy Birthday to your mom! Hope she had a wonderful day with family and friends.
@chucktodd 105!?! Amazing!
@chucktodd happy birthday!
105 years of disappoint in you, John.
@chucktodd You own Betsy DeVos!  Thanks for being morally bankrupt.
Happy birthday ma'am.  What a blessing.
Terrific! Happy Birthday, Mrs. McCain
Happy Birthday Ms. Roberta!!!!!
How did this wonderful woman give birth to a coward?
