God bless you Senator McCain, thank you for all you’ve given to America+ all people your whole life, but take care of you first, please! :)
Praying for you, Sir.
I hope you vote No on the motion. ACA is liked by 65%, fix what isn't perfect, don't tank our #ACA
When you told that lady that 44 was a fine and good man I thought wow. He has principles. Thanks sir. Speedy recovery 
Dear Sen. McCain, your character id strong and positive for America. Keep up the fight and get well soon.
Wish the best 4 u regarding your medical issues.
Character? You lost what little character you had left when you supported trump. Shame on you!
You know the TRUE value of good healthcare! Speak out for the rest of us. America needs you, be strong 
Senator,  truly glad you are feeling well & getting on with it. You are a true inspiration. I beg you to tell @SenMajLdr to kill the MTP.
We need a healthcare bill that is transparent, properly scored & that will not hurt millions of Americans, particularly the most vulnerable.
Get well soon and hurry back. Your country needs you to stop this Russian takeover of the White House
Will you support Schiff's amendment to overturn citizens united?  This is what ALL citizens believe is wrong with politics.
Well, 1of and certainly a huge one. Gerrymandering is 2nd.
Gerrymandering doesn't hurt us as much as billions dumped into politics.  Take the money away and the corrupt will flee.
That's why it's #2.
John mccain is an american and youre opinion is irrelevant. Let him serve as long as he feels like he can
Snake character
But my trust has to be earned and you fail every horror McCain
Please don't vote for Trumpcare. We all deserve better. I will be so disappointed if I see a yes from you.
Yea. Thanks so much from taking time away from your paid healthcare to fly on down on our dime to strip the American people of theirs.
Your character certainly came through today on #HealthCareVote. How disappointing.
Use that character today! You know this plan is a disaster. Don't sell your ideals for "party unity." Reign in the insurance companies!
I hope character comes through today. This will be a test of your legacy.
John we need you in the Senate. You are one of the only Republicans I identify with. You and Lindsay Graham. You are needed John.
'Character' doesn't vote for this disastrous healthcare bill. Please don't be bullied or tricked into hurting your fellow Americans, sir.
Character is defined by votes like the healthcare one upcoming... we'll see
Please Sir, You know what is happening & why in WH. Say NO to proceeding w/deathbill. It's not HC & you all know it. We deserve good care
Please Help @SenJohnMcCain find the Cannabis treatment to help cure his cancer. He won't listen to this #Einstein
But Trump has the best character. He says so himself.
Sen. McCain I wish you the best in recovery & fighting this. I admire your passion though I disagree with many  policies. Do right by WE.
he has a huge lack of character---
Senator, I implore you to stand up to Trump. You know he is deranged. Stop him. Please.
I hope your character does come through, and you return today to vote against taking the health care that saved you away from so many others
Get well Sir. democracy needs you still
Maybe John M will be emerge as the missing patriot.
@nicklu1338 @danbalz @washingtonpost
Sorry, Senator. You gave us the amazingly incompetent Sarah Palin, and that tars your legacy. But I do wish you well in your battle.
Even if you Vote no on that Death bill it won't change my mind about you Sen. McCain. You are a real stand up guy!
Your Dem friends are helping you out.
3/3 this is your "white flag lap" in the 'race of life' John. Enjoy every nanosecond & lead the way!
2/3 my parents had 2 different types of cancer. Their personal battles were different but, the same.
we're all human, make mistakes, & do the best we can. Stay honest w/self about this cancer battle.
We miss you hurry back
Pretty sad when the Washington Compost sings high praise. That means you failed as a Republican. Get better and step down. #DrainTheSwamp
John may you get well and beat this. Adendo virus therapy for your type of cancer. MD Anderson. Dr Fredrick Lang.
Hang in there buddy! We got yer back!
Nice story but we have business to attend to.
#RepealObamacare or retire.
Do the Honorable thing and resign for health reasons- your family deserves your last days to be with them-if you really love them.......
Is an example for everyone, thank you 
Take care of your health. We need you
You are in my thoughts and prayers sir. If anyone can beat it you can. You've got this!
Sorry for the inexcusable negative comments.  Overwhelmingly positive energy headed your way as you go through this - from all of us.
I wish you a speedy recovery and great strength going forward. You are remembered well by both sides of the political spectrum. #TrueHero
Despite today's vote, I continue to defer to your service and dedication in service to our Nation.
So missed you on the morning shows today but as much as we all miss you the most important thing is your health.
Hoping you have a speedy recovery & get back to D.C. soon!! You are a strong leader and Americans need you more than ever!
Last Republican I voted for, in two different elections. Character should be more important in race media coverage. No one else came close!
Don't repeal the ACA!
Come back soon.  America misses you
We are pulling for you, @senjohnmccain! I don't always agree, but have always had respect for your willingness to speak up. Godspeed 
is health care a birthright of all americans or r you maintaining ur position that it is not? has this diagnosis opened your eyes?
WaPo is CIA which McCain runs
He needs to step down and not hold up the progress of saving America
Hoping you get better and fight! Fight for country not for party especially for a man that has done nothing but speak hateful things on you
John. Fanback Bellows Acumen. The sure feeeling of storyline. Shoulders, heels instep lleft & right to reset the acumen. Be well necessary.
Get well Senator McCain!  We love you in Arizona!
Now let's go down the history of how many times you were "deeply concerned" and "gravely concerned."

Well John, are you going to be a #HERO now and save this country from becoming an #autocracy? Will you stand up to #TrumpCrimeFamily ?
Being raised in a different time , when Character was stressed ,I appreciate your.   Best wishes.
You have a nation behind you, Senator.
John McCain's brain explains a lot.
Good judgement is the greatest quality of leadership. Good judgement requires knowing what is right, a quality many Republicans now lack.
"Songbird" is an un-indicted co-conspirator of Keating 5
Actually, Senator McCain was cleared of the Keating 5 affair in 1991 by the Congressional Ethics Committee.
Ask Professor black at the University of Kansas City Missouri who is the lead forensic accountant in the case.
I don't have to. The matter was closed in 1991 by Congress in which McCain was cleared.
It's over and been over for 26 years.
I know you don't have to just like we don't have to wonder whether Kennedy was killed by the CIA because we can trust the Warren Commission
Maybe you should go back to work if you are well enough to hike and tweet.
Be well Sir! ⚘⚘
They say that what doesn't kill us can only make us stronger. JM one of the strongest men alive.  Wishing you well sir.
@SenJohnMcCain all rooting4 u,Ppl with varying political perspectives.never voted Republican but choked up when I heard the news.Ur our hero
Love you @SenJohnMcCain 
Proud you are my Senator even though I did not vote for you. Keep doing your thing!

Keep pushing Senator ! Another book maybe too?
While you still support the doddering maniac in the WH? There's no character in that.
Always was and Always will be a Hero in my eyes and a multitude of many even worldwide 100% American
Wishing you well Sen. McCain! You're a true American. Beat those drums and keep fighting! Hoping you return soon
Love you, Sir. So proud of you n what you've been doing behind the scenes to save democracy. Prayers for your complete healing n strength.
It is time for you to step aside sir.  Let go your iron grip on power and focus on your family.
How fortunate for you that you have healthcare and preventative care. Are you going to take that away from millions? #JudgementDayIsComing
Hang in there @SenJohnMcCain !!!  Your country needs you now more than ever; lots of prayers, positive energy coming your way!!!
Well wishes to you. The universe is giving you a chance to solidify your legacy in the history books. Please make it count.
yesh...we're seeing your true colors alright...a darker shade of democrat-blue everyday
Get well soon sir!  We need you desperately back in Washington.
KEEP FIGHTING
Get well
Thank you for allowing all to keep the faith during this madness, and for your unfaltering patriotism.
Get well Senator McCain!
For your immediate family anyways
Thank you for your service Sir!!!
Keep fighting the good fight Senator!
PRAYERS, Sen.John McCain of Arizona
you should try #THC
