We lost the day we decided to send in troops and spend trillions. That was on your watch!!!
Please resign.
Leave Afghanistan to fight it out themselves and
I will say it again you are not the president.
Losing control of the poppy fields? @SenJohnMcCain
Every country loses in Afghanistan. Time to pull our troops. Make America Great Again!
Should we start singing like u #SongBird?

1969 “Tokyo Rose” Propaganda Recording
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y …
How many more years John? How many more of our soldiers John? What's in it for you & your defense contractor donors John?
John probably made billions business out of that previous wars
And dont forget the McCain Institute. That is where the money is funnelled. Via foundations.
War hero MY ASS. YOU FOOL!!!
I don't care if we lose, bring the troops home and protect our borders you un American fool!
It's been nearly 16 years & I've been following/working on whole time. [NOT a vet of it, FTR]. Waste after about 2005-6.
American lost Vietnam why not Afghanistan while America suffers an even greater lost; self decency and dignity!
Who believes anything this TRAITOR says?  Certainly not me!
President Trump was right.  You're no hero Johnny boy
You are kong of traitor Mc Cain, only talk talk and citric.  why couldnt  be president
You made billions and lost billions and the lives of many in your military career
MC-CAIN YOU PUT U.S IN THERE.
Traior shut up and retire
Get your ass out in front then
Deep strategy looks like this, or not?
why didn't you say this last year
This man is evil. All he does is push for war. More killing, more murder, more death, more weapons, more enemies. That's John McCain.
Y don't u meet w/your ISIS buddy's you photo-op'd with in Syria? U are part of the problem Song Bird!
What the H for?
You will be gone when Afghanistan war end. So why you care about it. You should step down you are sick, look at what you did with the health
McCain's actions don't match up to his words & promises. Therefore, he can't be trusted on anything he says...he's a liar
Exactly
•
Losing? Losing WHAT, exactly?
Dubya should have nuked Kabul and asked the World, "Who else?"
Him?
Him?
SONGBIRD?
Also this is the same man who would love nothing more than Iran to be bombed to nothing, never forget him singing bomb Iran. Fuck his life
Traitor.
16 years we've been pouring bodies into this war, the tide turning is the American people who have had enough.
@SenJohnMcCain  - you are a traitor to our country / you lied to the voters / it's about time you go over to the psycho dems rino


This guy sucks! Doesn't stop the media from using him whenever they need a "Republican" quote against Trump though. Establishment must go.
McCain nobody cares what you say anymore, you are a liar, and a loser. You promised to repeal obamacare and you lied.
We've been loosing for years. Did you just wake up or is this more criticism of our great President?
Thank God he was not our president.
Sorry John.  I'm sure you're correct but don on to bigger and better things.  Sad
The situation in Afghanistan is heating up and your invasion will turn it up. Stop sending your people to the death at the end of the world
Patronize pak
Traitor. He just wants to derail our government.
Can't stand this guy! Resign already.
Cant he be ruled incompetent due to Brain Cancer?
Trump had a telephone conversation with China today.  How open do you think Xi was? #leaks
The legacy you'll leave behind is now of a bitter, vindictive traitor that stabbed his own party and @POTUS in the back @SenJohnMcCain
Very good, and informative article!
Yahoo fake news
McCain can't C what's important. He's bn wrong his whole life. From aircraft carrier accident 2 healthcare.
...ya gotta be kidding?  Oh brother ...more lives and more $$$ ...they hid Bin Laden ...sometimes ya gotta "cut bait" ...what is he thinking
Thanks to Obama, whatever slim chance is now gone. We can't squander more lives on this killing field or more resources.
McCain should be hung! He's a TRAITOR to America!
John you are an idiot.  Where were you during the last 8 years of a do nothing POTUS?   Trying to draw attention away from your O-care fail?
This traitor should have been executed rather than elected to the  Senate!
He needs to retire. Just wait until Kemo kicks in
Winning in Afghanistan means keeping all quida and ISIS out of the country
No seventy two virgins for you
Suddenly, @SenJohnMcCain is urgent about the ME?!  Wow! Just where has ole pouch cheeks been for umpteen years?  He needs to retire!
McCain American lost their Trust in you political establishment. God bless our People Pres Trump, who you did support.
He is a cowboy.what do you expect from him?
The military industrial complex has spoken
Afghanistan is lost you whack job.
John, news flash, Afghanistan is none of our business. Nor is Iraq, Syria, Libya, Yemen, Somalia, Sudan, Pakistan, Ukraine or Crimea. goaway
@SenJohnMcCain u need to retire with dignity otherwise ur name will be mud slides go away don't come back until ur brain is fixed and think
Obviously his brain tumor or cancer is affecting his ability to think clearly and he thinks it's 2008 and he's running for office again.
NOW? After 16  years?
John, look at the mess created by arming "moderates" there in the 1980s. Why did you repeat it in Syria? Nobody should listen to you.
We need to have an investigation on lobbying @SenatorJohnMcCain

Traitor to the people , repeal and replace like you promised, putz.
Join us , one voice / one people.  Drain the swamp and MAGA.
I guess he profiting from war b/c he connected with defense contractor. $$$

He lost to Feckless Obama?! He's a loser. You writes stories about losers? #RINO
How much more $$ are you going to take from the defense contractors? How many more troops have to die do to your evil Soros ways?
This guy needs to ride off into the sunset already. Go enjoy your millions you sold your country out for.
Please, stop embarrassing yourself & retire with what's left of your dignity. Enough already.
After all these years in Afganistan and your official position, u r just now coming up with a plan! chemo brain. God bless u but go away.
hey John has no one told you lately you are not the president
Tired of seeing your eyebrow. Garner's no sympathy when you try to make policy by displaying your unfortunate condition.
@SenJohnMcCain is the biggest hypocrite believing he is still a great Military Veteran. WRONG!
Dr. Evil.
Time is of the essence for you, old evil POS, and for sure the tide ain't gonna turn! #InducedComa
McCain is not right in the head he needs to step down along with schumer, pelosi, Warren and idiot McConell
Insane McCain strikes again .
Only place US military run is back to US. US has never "Won" a war_police action since WW2. US Mil action abroad comes back bits us in ass
McCain is on a very short time frame.  Needs to try and get things done for which he has been so nicely bribed.  Clocks ticking...tick-tock
Most evil American ever. Never met a war he didn't advocate, a life he wasn't willing to end or a bribe he wasn't willing to take.
Can you remind us why USA is actually in Afghanistan
No More our young solders dying! So many r just out of high school to join the military, mostly poo, to better their lives and service to US
We do not need an 81 yr old with brain cancer making any decisions on our military
Leave the military decisions to Mad Dog.  Period end of discussion.
A classic example of why Congress needs term limits.....
Losing in Afghanistan. Time time to divert attention to N Korea. Seems like a typical play out of the GOP playbook.
Somebody get this knucklehead to a nursing home and relieve him of duty. He's been there too long. #termlimits
He must be losing money
Says the guy with brain damage
mccain has not turned a tide on over 37 years
Delusional
Please stay in Arizona.
Verge of being attacked by N Korea. Potentially with atomic weapons and you are obsessed with Afghanistan?? Trying to get in POTUS way again
It's too bad the cancer didn't end him.
Thank you Mr. Obvious
You dont set foreign policy and nation building thank God. Shut up go away swamper and liar
Take care of our people first! REPEAL OBAMACARE
THEN .....we'll help others!!
Stop the madness...16yrs..so many great men & women of the Military...gave their all...in that hell hole that is the Mid East...NO more!!!
Here's a guy that's been around since the earth was cooling & hasn't fixed anything in all those years.So now he has all the right answers.

Finger up the back side for how many years CHICKEN LITTLE! You are a JOKE and it has been on all AMERICANS for your ENTIRE CARRIER! GO AWAY!
People like McCain has brought Isis from Afghanistan and brought them to the United States so now we have the terrorists in our country
John Songbird McCain Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars in donation from… We know its George Soros.
Yes!!! Still not too late!! #ImpeachMcCain
He is blaming it on @POTUS of course, but what did you do @SenJohnMcCain the last 8 years while R's had power?? Nothing. You failed.
Just shut up. Retire. Just give it a rest. Your time has pretty much been wasted on selfishness. Not on your Country. Sad.
we are losing health care now Senator

Thousand of American lives, trillions of dollars, 16yrs later, and @SenJohnMcCain wants to double, triple down in Afghanistan. Insanity. https://twitter.com/yahoonews/status/895764207358156801 …
That is his "tumor" speaking! Retire MCCain.
And what are we losing? How will we know when we've won? What is our objective? Is it attainable in the first place?
@SenJohnMcCain was a Navy Pilot retiring as a Captain what makes him  capable of strategic planning that's what we have generals for.
Stupid fools you never had Afghanistan. No one has ever had Afghanistan. Dont fool yourselves, no one will ever have Afghanistan. Forget it.
We have been loosing wars for like 30 years because of people like you! Remember Benghazi, your wonderful local rebels idea created ISIS
No warmonger traitor we do not need to extend a 16 yr war or 1000s more dead US soldiers
Always a mistake to tell Trump he's "losing" anything. Impetuousity follows.
What are we at ? Year 14 ?


Did u stop Obama from pulling back the troops? Nope! Hypocrite! @FoxNews @seanhannity @TheFive @WattersWorld @jessebwatters @OutnumberedFNC
Really, where the hell have YOU been the last several years?
Get well John McCain. "We The People" luv u and we need ur calming intellectual leadership. & don't forget that Humor!
Where were u when Obama was in charge with no strategy? Crickets! He just hates the @POTUS because he never became the President. @FoxNews
He hates @POTUS because @realDonaldTrump   called out his POW "Heroism" for what it is. Nothing.
.@YahooNews @OKnox The People r paying a heavy price for @SenJohnMcCain push to protect investor's over US interest! https://youtu.be/DPijrJ9kXEs 
McCain should be removed from any position of responsibility ... one way or another...sooner the better.
McCain, you need a good psychiatrist for your Vietnam induced warmongering hatred of all the "enemies" you see. And you need to retire ASAP.
And that's coming from a Nam Vet who actually came back, to work in the US Navy psychiatric service to help others that had your "syndrome".
What are we losing...soldiers...tax money...
bye, John -
Can his wait until we get a real president?
Mc Cain, resign and take care of your health. Trump has this!
Quit dwell on that and you could have gotten the health care bill passed.
Narrator: In truth, no victory was available in Afgh. and never had been, as so many military forces had learned before
Please stay out of military matters sir
Where were you during obama years?
We have tried and failed. We need to get the hell out of there. This man does not care as it does not affect his pocket books.
We lost Vietnam & thousnds of young Americans, either we take extreme measures vs Afghanstn or let'em kill themslvs & bring ALL troops back
We need a new strategy, one based on CI
You had more than 15 years in Afghanistan & the end game u will loose because terrerism is a business & can not b won in battle field alone.
Would we ever have been in Afghanistan except for the invasion of IRAQ? SAUDI ARABIANS attacked on 9/11 not IRAQIS.
How many lies did "we the people" hear about WMDs or YELLOW CAKE URANIUM in IRAQ? How many more Flag Draped Coffins? WARMONGERS???????????
It was lost when President Obama put U.S. Boots on the ground!
It is your own http://doings.you  think you are super power.Soviet also lived under this self http://deception.you  are not supreme
That is not his job! This man is a traitor!!
Time has been "of the essence" for last 15 years. You just got woke?  Or is it because of your extreme hate & bias for OUR @realDonaldTrump?
There as more important things happening. You are no expert. Your brain is disased
Bold lie!
There never was a path to victory in Afghanistan. Forever war is all McCain has ever wanted.
"time is of the essence..." WTF is he talking about after 16 years? You all are frick'n CRAZY! Him for saying it and Yahoo for not laughing.
Deep State John McCain thinks  business is good over there. http://www.globalresearch.ca/a-conspiracy-theory-that-became-a-conspiracy-fact-the-cia-afghanistans-poppy-fields-and-americas-growing-heroin-epidemic/5533673 …
Screw this demented demon. He is a senile war monger, who doesn't even know where he is.
I'm sorry he is ill, I wish him a full recovery but he needs to leave the Senate NOW.
Does this man even know what's going on?
John, I would like to believe u but your recent votes make me question your judgement!
All we are losing is money. Just retire already
Can we send McCain?
Turncoat Benedict Arnold
What is the point of being in Afghanistan anymore? McCain needs to explain.
