.who gives a sh*t about #Moldova? what are you doing to help with #HarveyRelief? QUIT TWEETING & DO YOUR DAMN JOB!
He is not seeing the big picture.
He's seein well, but his interests are not equal with the state.
Globalism in Maldova is a long way from the people in Arizona, you traitor.
Get a grip. McCain is not a lying white national as trump is. He is a globalist who understands that trump is trying to end our place
domination as the world's greatest democracy. We are sliding down a very slick slope fast bc everyday there are bumps,detours Very uncomfort
WHO ALLOWED THIS COUNTRY TO BE A PART OF NATO, ANYWAY??
WHO SUPPORTED THEM? 
WHAT IS NATO ABOUT?!
IT IS ABOUT GOING OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY!!
Ever heard of WW2?  Read your history &then maybe,maybe you will understand why NATO exists &continues to be important but trump
KNOW THE REAL HISTORY OF WW II 
KNOW THE REAL FACTS ON NATO
THE PRESIDENT DID THE  RIGHT THING
WErNOWinaBETTER PLACE IN THE 
GLOBAL ARENA
although he veto it, news announced that our premier sent army forces #NATO. Our government has power in the state not president.
Be glad when your out of office RINO! Hillary supporter!
We're disappointed that you are still a Senator!! You are a disappointment to the American people!!!!  #TraitorMcCain #RINO
He is one of the Republicans willing to stand against trump & voted his conscience--knows right v wrong. Saved 22 million from no healthcare
Wtfe!!!!!  He's a traitor and a lier!!!!!  He's a undocumented Democrat!!!!!
No,he did the right thing.
You have the Ukrainian army under your belt,the strongest in Europe,it will help you stop the so-called 'Russian aggression'.
Yooo tweety bird McCain how's your boys in isis doing ???? Oh bet you hate seeing them all destroyed :-) been running Amy guns lately john ?
Dodon is just playing it's theatre with the Govern, both are controled by the same oligarch.
His reason makes no sense. Why are they in NATO then? Certainly odd.
Disappointed to see you back in DC talking the talk but not walking the walk.
Now you know how We the People feel when you don't participate with @POTUS.
I'm disappointed you came back to Washington
No populace majority of any country wants 'US' aggression. You've bankrupted USA for wealth of less than 1%.Worse you lose like In Syria.
What choice when they are not sure of US support
Mccain has destroyed USA.Russia is now too powerful.has defeated mccains Isis in Syria Ukraine Georgia. Mccain loses money and lives.
How low can you get?
Good for him...NATO is as corrupt as you "SONGBIRD MCCANT"
They don't want to pay up.
It is disappointing as you say, however I do understand their reluctance to work with us because of trump's early statements about NATO.
Why the reticence to admit Putin gave technology to N. Korea to get US to remove sanctions and cede Ukraine & Crimea? Already won Syria.
Focus on protecting Americans. Secure the border, fix the tax code, and pass immigration reform. And repeal Obamacare. Or resign.
My Lord, my Lord!
And this veto is ok with GOP? No comments? Where do we stand as far as "caring "! Oh  wait, Trump doesn't give a hoot 
Wag the Dog
John shows his stupidity again. Are you paying attention to our affairs, or what the president of Moldova has said?  Your priorities are 
Disappointed to see once again you can't answer the simple question where did you get the 9 million
soon they will destroy it as they do everywhere!
Where the hell do u live?
President Trump, it's time to build a wall on the Canadian border. Get North Korea to pay for it
ALL NATIONS NEED TO READ THE BIBLE
LOOKS LIKE PUTIN IS PUTTING THE PRESSURE ON MOLDOVA 
& COORDINATING WITH PUTIN's PLANS!!
THE  WRITING IS ON THE WALL
READ THE BIBLE
Breaking news, Hillary Clinton is now changing John Mcains diapers,in exchange he votes how she wants him to
Staffers stop tweeting for this face of corruption
Thought they were your buddies. Whst a joke medeling in foreign affairs
@SenJohnMcCain I was just as disappointed to see "#POTUS" pull out of the Paris Accord.
He's smart.. The best idea is to distance yourselves from the USA and look East.. #BRICS. Even Germany's waking up.
Weren't you advocating for them to join NATO just a few weeks ago? Wrong again contrarian octarian. Get your toga on Brutus.
What happened here @ChuckGrassley @SenFeinstein? People deserve to know if trump should be gone.
Scared of Russia and with good reason
Disappointed to see you taking the time for all this foreign crap when we as a nation are in a mess. Get to work on healthcare and taxes
Without competent leadership in the WH we will see much more countries looking to Russia and China. USA is now last in trusted world powers.
"We the people" are disappointed in every POLITICIAN in DC who chooses to sit idly by while WALL ST. FINANCIAL TERRORISM persists.
Russian in Belarus ... He is not talking he is acting
that's just what a globalist would say.
.
Ответ правительства.
https://goo.gl/RZoRrP  http://fb.me/1zqXiAxga 
Until the west can meet the energy fuel needs of the east (alternative or carbon based) they are at Moscow's mercy.
Disappointed you voted against repealing Obamacare
not me. not most ppl actually. most love McCain for his . it was bad ass and saved countless lives because ACA is the best you have.
Not as disappointed in you @SenJohnMcCain for failing to support our @POTUS and repeal Obamacare! too early for Medicare I pay $1174 for me
If you can’t see that he saved your ass –– you are lost. your premiums would have sky rocketed if ACA was repealed.
Free market was more affordable and had Cadillac coverage for less prior to OBC. Failed everyone!
free market left 20 million plus ppl out in the cold. more ppl are insured now. more ppl are alive now. more ppl are healthy now.
So happy to see the world has begun to recognize we are the world's largest terrorist state.
Disappointed to see that you're still tweeting. Why don't you just go enjoy the rest of your life. Step off.
he has given so much to USA he can do whatever the hell he wants. unless you were a POW in Vietnam? show some fucking respect.
Maybe because @realDonaldTrump shoved him out of the way at the last meeting looking like muscillini #resist @KeithOlbermann @jaketapper
It's sad when president of the country is the enemy of this country
to many russions in there country
Romans 5:8
But #God demonstrates His own #love toward us, in that while we were still #sinners, #Christ died for us.
Proverbs 18:10
The name of the #Lord is a strong #tower; The righteous run to it and are safe.
