Once a traitor, always a traitor McCain.
It's not treason to vote for what you believe in.  It's treasonous to put a party before a nation. Go John McCain!
Ah, U see he really Doesn't believe that way does he
Check out How McCain destroyed Obamacare in 2012 calling it an "exercise in sleeze" 
The sleaze McCain refers to is the uncompromising approach by Obama when he passed Obamacare.  Trump is doing the same as Obama
right Dean.  Trump not compromising?  It's Congress job to come up with plan for him to sign.  Not 1 Dem will vote for or work with Reps
Interesting interpretation of McCains true words 
Well, the original debate was about whether McCain was a traitor, and I just stated that he hated O-care and T-care.  How is that treason?
Original debate correct, treason, as I've repeated throughout this TL https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
You shouldn't be making any important decisions for America, actually you shouldn't be on twitter either...
You need to practice humility and compassion
That would be easier to do if he didn't have the power to affect millions of ppl ability to seek medical help. He wants compassion..retire.
no need to show ugliness or bullying go vote pick someone that works for you. For most he stood up for both sides today for country
He does work for me & didn't vote for me. Compassion for him ends when he walks into the senate hall & votes against what he campaigned for
Mayb just maybe he read something that would have been horrible for all of us as a whole
This was just a vote to keep working on something better than O-care, his vote was to spite President Trump
Last in class at Annapolis, crashes 2 jets, hides below deck as his fellow sailors die, skips their funeral. Hero?
Thanks for your vote! There is still much to do to save the republic! Stay brave and healthy long as you can!!! @sararesistencia @auntmeowmi
I wish for Sweden to join NATO in the fight against ISIS, N Korea, Syriah etc. Our Hardware and Soldiers are A grade but Politicians r weak.
American people make sacrifices just to feed their children and u threw us under the bus!!  Ur the lowest form of pretentious life there is
And let me remind you John of the harn you caused to many Vietnam American service men.
Blood is on your hands old man
FU
Troll
At 80, you still remain a chameleon and unreliable...what an evil legacy! It's time for you to quit with your unfulfilled promise made 2010.
Not for nothing the tragedy was on the mccain ship...Quite telling in fact.
How many have your lies put in jeopardy i wonder
When did this happen? Why isn't our news media telling us?
With all due respect sir,we are tired of your grandstanding, it's you swamp rats that don't want to get anything done,stop blaming orhers
You 'were' a Hero. Your actions of late are disgraceful. ' glory days, they'll pass you by in the wink of a young girl's eye.'
Than you for caring about the sick, disabled, very young and very old.  Let the H8ers hate for your good deed.  This world is upside down.
The only people thanking him for last nites vote is the ones that get coverage for free on the backs of us who pay double & triple premiums
Like you really fricking care! You proved to the American people you don't!
How about the ones that died because you were a songbird
You are such a huge disappointment !
A sad day for their families  AND America!!
I'm Ashamed that your father slapped all working Americans in the face. You should be too.
That being said, thanks for your military service and best wishes for your health and well being. However I'm very angry about your vote.
Thank you for your civility
Thanks. Well, you have to respect a veteran and prisoner of war and it's very sad he's sick but it doesn't make his vote ok.
Thank YOU for your, sadly, uncommon civility
Yes so quit letting them down regarding Obamacare!  You can think Trump is wrong all you want... but you let America down!
BS
From one veteran to veteran war hero... thank you Sen McCain to have the heart and strength to stand up for your beliefs
In the meantime he let millions of those suffering down...
And as a vet you have tricare so you habe no idea how the regular folks suffer
To the point that it appease their hatred for  just having a black president I can't understand you people and even still I fought for
Oh just stop. It's not a race thing. I did not like Obama because of his policies,  not his skin color.
McCain you are a trader!
Almost the same as sacrifices the American people make with having Obamacare shoved up are ass
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"
FOREVER A SELLOUT!
Sell out!
feca Director a bunch of dishonest crooks
help my mom get these benefits 5USC8111 (a)
owcp feca case 500017181 dept  Labor says he did not need help n ADL's he suffer loss of upper extremeties & fractures spine
What have they got on you? Your illness means u meet ur maker siding with the evil trying to destroy our nation " Under God"!Repent & repeal
total permanent disabled rest of his life my Mon took care of him died of those serious injuries dept of Labor owes benefits
my father WWII VET injured in the line of duty in official mission Tamaulipas Mexico dept Labor FECA owes benefits to my nom
#RINO
But u cant even sacrifice YOUR PRIDE and vote the EXACT WAY U PROMISED THE PEOPLE U WOULD IF U WERE RE ELECTED. Got re elected BUT VOTED NO!

I can't believe all the hate towards Sen McCain.  The measure you use to judge him please use on yourselves first and then the president.
Kind of like the 134  killed and 161 injured sailors on the USS Forrestal that you almost sank? You're a great Democrat John McCain.
While being paid crap too. My dad sat in middle silos in South Dakota for years and retired after 28 years with nada.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/891081343618080769 …
McCains a loser and doesn't represent the conservatives of Arizona and should be recalled, he's nothing but a liberal in Republican cloths!
I wish we could lose you as a Senator! ! You've lost touch, sad !!
As if you care about Americans @SenJohnMcCain .. DISGUSTINGLY DISHONORABLE!! GROSSLY NASTY!!
Says the trailer McCain. You should have quit 20 years ago. You are the worst senator ever.
Senator McCain your legacy will live on forever in America! You are a legend! We love you, I'm 24 yrs old. You resonate across the aisle.
That was so great, I keep watching it!
Well thank God you think of one thing patriotic out of the day. Otherwise you are useless
Not like you really care. Don't even try faking it
Very sad loss of more American heros ,thier own President doesnt even care about them ,he only likes heros who make it back !
Hopefully you have betrayed USA for the last time. I hope Pres Trump orders you and the rest of the. Sen to suffer obamacare W/ America
you really never cared about our military allowing trans to get surgery then life time of hormones.Forcing sensitivity training.Not right
Get off it Mccain, you can't play patriot anymore
And you traitor choose to death of babies and death to healthcare to Az
Well, we got rid of Arpio finally.  MCCAIN was next and governor Flake. What's in a name?
@SenJohnMcCain  Seriously can't believe your punishing the American people because you don't like Trump.Happy you never served as the POTUS.
About time someone said something!
They Will Not Be Forgotten
You don't give a crap old man, just moving lips


POTUS has tried 2 push us 2 B careful about who we "think" R our heros.We KNOW who they R,& this family is gr8ful EVERY single day! TU, Sir!
You may have been a patriot once but now you are a traitor to the American people!
Not that I agree with your vote last night but I respect your decision. With all your health issues you continue to put your country first
Are you kidding w this bs. Our military fights for our freedom, not for a selfish self serving govt.
It reminds of sacrifices also your sacrifice! But last nite you sacrificed the American people! No excuse or explanation will make it ok!
You traitor!!
Your actions last nice also remind us of sacrifices you made and are still fighting FOR the American people. Thank you
Retire you sick and bitter old man. The @GOP has no use for you. You are a liar and you betrayed the American public.
Thank you! You are a hero. I appreciate what you have and still do for our country and our military
@realDonaldTrump is right you're no hero you were a traitor as a POW and a traitor to the American people 
Just retire already go work @ CNN
Please leave the senate and spend the last of your miserable life with your family.. Stop Screwing our lives up.. We don't need you!!! #MAGA
Take his healthcare away,,NOW
Thanks for addressing that tragedy. Our moronic POTUS said nothing, too busy defending his son's Russia stupidity. He couldn't care less.

Here's McCain's fraudulent campaign ad from 2016 that claims "John McCain is leading the fight to stop Obamacare." What a liar — resign now! 
All human beings are created equal and deserve the basic needs in which health care is  part of. I wish U sir a speedy recovery
Sell Out,  2020 Wake up US, #FridayFeeling
I'm not an American, u showed the whole world what kind of humain being you are
Thank you Sen John McCain!!!
And it should not matter if they are trans, bisexual, gay, lesbian, straight or asexual. Or wish not to be labeled at all they are all brave
Stop tweeting.Your decision on healthcare negatively effects my family. The struggle is real.Unlike your multi millionaire life style.Retire
And you not defending your own Party and people last night reminds us of why we need to drain the swamp and shrink Govt.

Don't you dare speak of the sacrifice of our veterans - ever. Every Veteran took an OATH, you broke yours domestic enemy of the constitution
you!
Ur dad is nothing but a washed up liar
Amen.
Yes let us not forget, Put their lives on the line with live training
Can't wait till Trump gets looking into the McCain foundation  #prison
If you are a true patriot then give up your Cadillac healthcare insurance inrole in Obamacare
Trump said he only like those who wasn't capture by the enemy but he's caught capture by putin kick his ass McCain he's sold out
Please step down! You have shown who's side you are on and it's NOT the American People!
Fraud
Thank you senator

Including the transgender members.
You deserve Obamacare!
Also reminder that congress and Obama under funded military equipment sham you let that happen. Same as u r doing with healthcare with vote
You forget, their loved ones are in dire straits and suffering tremendous burdens because of your hate for the Republicans.
Hey are you friends now? 
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/890637229843820544 …
Only diff them and wwll vets like my dad have to use the va. Who do u use? U and rest of GOP FAILED America
I would like to publicly apologize to you for my rants. I'm very proud to be an Arizonian. Thank you Sir for service.
Can you give a youth speech telling kids what a statesman is?  I had Gaylord Nelson, Arthur Altmeyer, Bill Proxmire, knew em!
Put Congress on Obamacare.
You are a TRAITOR
Hello, 3-week old news, Senator Senility has finally up to speed with you.
Too bad your dad can not keep promises either, so sad
@SenJohnMcCain Maverick my ass!! Liar and hypocrite is more like it!! You swindled AZ  campaigned on repeal and now voted NO! Please RESIGN!
You are a traitor John McCain please resign.
I guess u had top drs! Not like us at VA or Americans who can't afford theirs. U claim 2 b a patriot? 7 yrs u said u would repeal aca, liar!
@MeghanMcCain why did he refuse to let it be debated and improved in the house
Thank you Senator McCain for doing the right thing and for your vote.
Very, very grateful for your sacrifices, Sen. and for your NO vote to repeal ACA! #Hero
Regardless the subject, you've lost the last shred of relevance you had. POOF! It's gone. Maybe ur fellow Dems care about what u have to say
Lookie here! Even the DEMS are thinking you crossed over! They are thanking you for saving O'care! You gonna set them straight? Prob not!

AMERICAN TRAITOR
Please put your Father on Obamacare now. Traitor has a different insurance than the rest of us. #lyingpolitician
closet democrat
YOU held strong to your sense of right and were not bullied into going against your nature.  Best of luck with treatment.
Wet Start Johnny
So true.  We should solute them and thank them for their ultimate sacrifice.  There are many transgender out there on the front line for us.
Senator McCain, thank you for your courageous no vote on healthcare bill!!
Yes sir..and thank you for your No Vote. But most of all your service to this country.
Thanks for screwing over all Americans with your vote yesterday. Glad you've completely forgotten about the average American family
God bless them their families Mark Hopkins and his 3 babies & wife Patricia
He doesn't care about people here in AZ or anywhere. I wish I never had to see or hear from him again.
This is off topic, but I want to personally thank you for doing the right thing and voting to NOT strip thousands off of insurance.  Thanks!
There is no reason to suspend KC-130T flights. This is more political hogwash by sleezesacks.
Will you tweet about this tomorrow, Johnny boy?
Just because he was a pow means nothing. He defied orders that's why he was shot down. He still screwed us all over with his vote.
He only got in because of his dad.
And reminds us of how much you have been through personally and for your country. Thank you for your service. All Democrats respect you.
Like you give a fat rat's @$$ ... USS FORRESTFIRE
Sellout
McCain's legacy is marked by willingness to forfeit the principles he stood for to service a personal vendetta at expense of the Amer ppl.
A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
Tomorrow marks the 50 year anniversary where you caused the death of 134 US soldiers. How McCain became a senator is beyond me #USSForrestal
Where's the campaign video of you last year promising Ocare repeal? God really works in mysterious ways... Suffer for a long time.
Why didn't you use VA hospital for your cancer treatment since it's good enough?  Why use the Mayo clinic?
Wish you were on obamacare then u would know how u screwed America.
You have great healthcare but want everyone else to suffer with terrible healthcare and priemiums.  You are a liar and a DEMOCRAT!!
You'll be GONE from the Senate soon.
I always had tremendous respect for #JohnMcCain...until he spent his last days subverting the principles & voters that put him in office.
#Senate rejects 'skinny repeal' of #OBAMACare as 3 #RINOs vote no http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/28/senate-rejects-skinny-repeal-obamacare-as-3-republicans-vote-no.html …

@SenJohnMcCain
@SenatorCollins
@lisamurkowski
John McCain another Senator full of excrement.
I don't agree with you on most things but so pleased you have proved to us you are a true American first and foremost. Wishing u the best.
You really let the people down!
Last night you became a hero in more than 1 way @SenJohnMcCain!! You did the right thing-u voted country over party! Good man!
You voted no, you now need to unite the parties in coming up with good healthcare for the American people. RIP S.M.
Retire , u aren't doing America any good ...
