Trump is an irresponsible  oligarch
Shut up crook
Thanks! Good article.
Our cruel @POTUS plays more golf today, self-satisfied after another weekend of doing the Devil's work. #Impeach45 #Resist #inners @JoeNBC
You suck John Mc Shame
You’re a hack. Beat it, John.
Thank you for always being a patriot sir. Despite what Cheetolini says
Please pressure trump admin to resign- treason,inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, failure to execute duties PR, wasting tax $$ travel
hmm? Will Trump side with big money to get richer while screwing the people of Puerto Rico.. stay tuned.
Thank you! We are a colony enslaved to purchase from a monopoly called Crowley!! Save us.
Investigate Trump over his handeling of Puerto Rico, everything he's done is in stark contrast of the other disasters
Trump doesn’t know what he’s doing. He follows the money. He cares for nobody but himself. Thank you for your work on this issue. #mccain
What a joke that it’s for ten days and expired tomorrow. He didn’t even see the damaged areas in PR and keeps lying to the public. It’s SAD
#retire
Hey, why don't you find out why 3 of our ships had accidents in Asia. 

We can speculate plenty abt those possibilities.
IMPEACH UnClean Hands Trump Now! #TrumpRussia #RacistTrump #WhiteSupremacistInChief #MuellerTime #LiarInChief #TrumpIsEvil #UnfitForOffice
Failed Expensive PR #PenceStunt by @GOP Leadership Today
@VP @POTUS

As  waits 4 #GunControlNow but @HouseGOP wont REGULATE b/c @NRA Ca$H
Thank you for using your voice in support of Puerto Rico. We need more R's who favor people over politics and money.
Trump will side with common sense , even if it comes from the swamp ... let it go John , stop attacking Trump , he'll stop attacking you
Just In According to Reuters Politics, Jones Act waiver for Puerto Rico expired on Sun, not being extended - DHS. Trump creating a genocide.
Why does john McCain want the Puerto Ricans to suffer by not allowing other relieve ships to entertheir waters
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain- Keep such info in front of us so we are armed w/ truth!  We are a sick & sinking country w/ this leadership. Now what
Thank you, Sen. McCain for being an honest man and telling the truth. You're a true patriot.
May you be blessed in your fight
Oh, yes, he will.  He might make a dollar.
Have you had an accident at work that was your fault?
Them being The Whitehouse
Hold em accountable:)
Waiving the Jones Act for a minimum of 1 year must be done!!! REPEAL the Jones Act!!!
@POTUS  this is unacceptable. To hell with shippers monopoly.Repeal the act Congress.Too bad for the donors.Put Puerto Rico ahead of them.
@SenateDems @SenFeinstein There is NO reason not to do this. Fire head of Homeland & FEMA who r lying about PR & not doing job.
Thank you Sir.  

Jones Act belongs to museums
Must read, SENATE destroying the GOP!
Thank you John for sharing this insight. This article also explains why trump supports some unions but not others!
With Trump, it is always worse than you think.
Profit on the misfortunes of others there should be no Jones act.... Repeal
1) Congress already allowed much of our railways & ports to be foreign-owned. Now all ships should be foreign built & owned?  #JonesAct
2) Congress has US companies competing against foreign-gov owned biz in the USA which can print more money & crush US companies. #JonesAct
3) Congress let China buy US energy co, legalized foreign exports US oil/NG, passed Russia sanctions bill—risking US energy future #JonesAct
4) If Congress dumps the #JonesAct, China et al. will destroy what’s left of US shipbuilders & maritime industry.
5) @SenJohnMcCain, hasn’t Congress already given China et al. enough ways to control, crush, starve US economy & Americans?  #JonesAct
6) If PrezJohn Adams were alive, he’d call @SenJohnMcCain & the zealot free traders in Congress a disgrace & a danger to USA. #JonesAct
7) If USA is foreign-owned & half of USA disrespects even US Constitution, what unites us? Mexico’s NY Times? UK’s @WSJ? China? #JonesAct
@TedCruz, why do you want NAFTA enabling foreign co in USA to export >US oil & natural gas. Sanctions bill’s 500% NG increase not enough?
We are not reaping the benefits of this relationship and like all bad relationships, maybe we should part ways.
companies are allowed to set up shop in PR. The money US companies make is not invested in PR, but taken out and brought back to US.
Maybe what we need is to become independent of US, so we can make business deals with other countries instead of the US. Right now only US
SenMcCain. Why is not more being done to Rein in Trump via Censure, the 25th Or impeachment? Why is secsvs paying him for his protection
Thank you sir for your service and dedication to our country.
It's like they want to force Puerto Ricans to sell low, so the rich could buy, rebuild, and takeover! No!  We are PR and we will rise! 
How in the World can @realDonaldTrump ERASE a DEBT he himself put Puerto Rico in.
#AVileMan #SMH #WhatAMess
You're a good man.  Please help this go away.
#endjonesact and let's get #puertorico back in it's feet. End of the dark ages!
Thank you for all you do...
Hero, look at Puerto Rico.
What do you think Sen. McCain?  You're closer to the swamp than we are. After all, it is your Party destroying everything decent & moral.
Stay well! America needs more Republicans like You!
Thank you, also why hasn’t Trump started the sanctions on Russia that you guys made him sign yet!?!? What’s going on? Trump is a traitor.
What’s happening in Puerto Rico is disheartening. The kind people there are suffering. Thank U Sir for speaking out & having a genuine heart
Agree with waiver for a year but nothing wrong with US built and operated shipping. #americanmade
#ImpeachTrump
Take your time run the numbers pro and con.
Look like under a bill composed by the Senate under Statehood or as an independent nation with multinational oil companies helping my people
If the United States we're a primary partner in gaining safe access to the oil reserves, what would the Puerto Rican Communites split look
Senator Mcain Puerto Rico debt crises and oil reserves 265 million barrels
You know what to do senator.  #25thamendment. Don’t let a world war happen on your watch. That’s not your legacy.  Is it?
It is all about money not people’s lives.
DT --
Wise up Stand up for our President Trump. Grow up, you lost when ran for President.
Who cares what McCain says, insignificant?
So are you saying you're for a repeal of #JonesAct ? Please stand in the right side of history and #ImpeachTrumpNow Save our planet!!!
Can anyone say neo-colonialism?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212884686864576&id=1611945240 …
Great article, unfortunately your peers likely won't do the moral & ethical thing. Very sad.
Why won't Congress act to protect our fellow Americans in PR?  It disgusts me that those elected by the people won't protect the people.
People in PR average yrly income 17,000: USA makes 71 billion off of backs of Puerto Ricans. Modern day slavery. Trump treats us like hitler
The real problem is that the Governor and the representative of PR have been bought by Trump to keep $$ in pockets of cronies.
Read & RT
Thank you sir!
#TrumpsKatrina Now will Trump cash in and make millions on Puerto Rico's misfortune?
Thank you John McCain.
Sssshhhhhh staffer
McCain calls it like it is! Calling trump out on his BS
Retirement
#ImpeachTrump.  He's unfit.  @SpeakerRyan is a woose & won't act. #FraudTrump wants to start NUCLEAR WAR to distract  from #TrumpRussia 
Benefits TWO COMPANIES??? Kinda makes you go.. Humm.. I’ve been in PR, having to wait on shipments, site on my ass! Waiting, isn’t cheap!
This so called President is destroying  R country
Sorry for the interruption. Can you please get your colleagues 2 do something about the madman in the WH b4 he starts WW III? #NorthKorea
And the #JonesAct should be repealed ASAP.
Ah the old McCain head fake on being worth a crap ..John JUST GO AWAY TRAITOR
What are you doing with your NRA $$$ senator? Considering 600 shot/killed last weekend? You are listed as highest recipient
Still not as good as your head fake on Obamacare.
Think you're the first/only Republican official I actually follow b/c you seem to genuinely care about ppl. Keep fighting for us!
He’s harming our own territory. How is this not a violation of the oath of his office? He’s hurting our own people every single day.
Holy smokes!
Trump will take care of his rich buddies and big business before he even thinks about all the suffering people of PR. He's so heartless.
John you know damn well he will!
Can we stop the colonial exploitation of Puerto Rico, finally, once and for all.
Always been a fan. But I truly wish we could freeze time U are definitely in the prime of your life John McCain! what will we do without U?
Maybe you can stop the idiot in Oval Office before he starts a nuclear war please!
Senator, u r always on the correct side of justice, human rights & health care. Thanks so much for supporting PR, which was so badly handled
Wish I could read but can’t afford subscription!
Interesting thought about the Jones Act, would repealing it make the cost of living in Hawaii cheaper, therefore bringing in (1
2) more paying residents and working people, possibly boosting the economy?
*of the state
Important bit
thank you for pointing this out.  Be well and please help Americans and get rid of @realDonaldTrump
Why hasn't Trump waived the #JonesAct yet? Did he know #PuertoRico is part of America? We need you to keep speaking out. Get well soon Sir!
He’ll wear them down, buy low, sell EB5 citizenships, build something, then launder more money.
Trumpworthless
TY Sen McCain! We have an unstable mentally ill president who is ruining our country. Do what you can to remove him. Need more GOP to join.
Thank you, Senator McCain, for your continued good-sense leadership on these issues.
DT is just propping up his shipping buddies. Mo’ money, mo’ money, mo’ money on the backs of pUErto Ricans
Remember, WSJ, Puerto Ricans are US taxpayers, too. 
Go jump in a pool of Jello old man. Your time is done. Sicko
So will the Senator begin an effort to repeal the antiquated law?
Doesn’t Jones Act go against all that’s ”republican”-government staying out of business? Capitalism/free enterprise?? Love U Sen McCain
Thank you Senator McCain we need you to get well to continue the fight for fairness in our democracy or what's left of it. Free PR
Is it bad for America? Then he'll be all for it.
Thank you!  Please do more regarding @POTUS   He is destroying us.
Repeal Jones Act is equal to endorsing NAFTA, TPP. Another way to get cheap foreign labor for the rich. RETIRE Brutus

This YOUR problem; not the President. Congress passed this law.  If you don't like it, repeal it.
In AZ another issue that needs to be addressed -
Please please resign John. Cornville is calling.
Thanks for the recommended reading, Sen McCain. An excellent article concerning the Jones Act and the shipping industry.
I used to work for Crowley and am disappointed they aren't doing more to help. Jr is supposedly a decent guy, but he needs to do more
Sure. But what about your 7 mil NRA blood money. Any comment?
I hope we can count on your vote for impeachment
WSJ's editorial board proposes that we waive the Jones act for one year. Senator McCain has called for repeal.
with this new swamp the saying "money goes where money is" seems appropriate. Such sad and scary times#repeal Jones act!
KEEP YOUR FOOT ON THEY NECK MCCAIN
Reminder:
#JonesAct exemption expires in TWO DAYS!
Hang in there, Senator. We appreciate your work.
Love you John! Praying for you. Need more like you!
But he wants to reward the swamp...you see that right?
Give it a rest McCain, you take one too
Please do the right thing for the people of Puerto Rico & the rest of the US. We're counting on you sir. Bless you.
I'm American married to a Swede who is hired by US cruise companies. Hubby performs bizarre debarkations to remain in compliance w/ act.

So true calling into question the need for training of US personnel for wartime. Navy & armed forces recruit noncitizens all the time.
Thank you for helping me to understand more about this issue
WSJ is FAKE NEWS BRO!

When our earthquake hits who will stand for us @Rep_Hunter? Humanitarian crises demand humane solutions. It's NOT complicated #PuertoRico
I wish you were this passionate about delivering affordable quality healthcare. Quit being salty and do something constructive.
Thanks for calling this out @SenJohnMcCain   Unfortunately we are numb to the fact that @realDonaldTrump is so deceitful to Americans.
Love  McCain 
Funny how the politicians claim to espouse free market capitalism when it benefits them deny its tenets when it does not. #GOP makes me sad.
Not said against John but his colleagues in Congress
Says the guy with a head fake on a lower deficit, a reduced nat’l debt and the danger of assault weapons in our streets.
Soooo weary of hearing from you.
Wether you agree with his politics he is a true American hero. And deserves to be treated as such.
He is a bad joke. No one is laughing.
And your a very sad human being for name calling. Did you serve? Sacrifice?
I am certain that you admire hillary too
Wow I'm done you are so not worth my time. You are what is wrong with my country.
Thank you Sir.  Sending you well wishes and prayers.  So proud of you.
I've always admired you- as a USMC Retired and Current US Merchant Marine what do you have against the Merchant Marine n Jones Act?
@WSJopinion - YOU MUST READ - Awan SPYGATE - the Silence From DC is DEAFNING - WHY ? Bigger than WATERGATE ?
Nationalize shipping instead of Jones Act? Great way 2 increase cost, Manning military > Jones Act> foreign flag

Please, Sen. McCain, can we do more for #PuertoRico ? I know this great country can do better. It's horrifying.
Yeah @SenJohnMcCain like why don’t you make a visit there or donate some of your own money.. brilliant idea!
Senator McCain. Please step down. You are ill and not thinking straight. Please. It’s time to move on for the sake of your constituents.
Jones Act has Got2Go! GOP’s punishing 3.5M Americans to enrich the few involved in fleet (does Sec Chao’s Fam has any connection?) @HouseGOP
I know there were rumors about Mitch McConnell’s in laws being involved in contraband—was it heroin? Meth? Memory does not serve.

Terminals are a piece of the puzzle too.  If competitors are unable to offload having competition in the market is meaningless.

 Call senators and reps and tell them we want them to help Puerto Rico. 202-224-3121
Jones waiver for much longer than 10 days too.
10 days is a joke. In some cases it takes a few days for a ship to get to Puerto Rico. Trump knew what he was doing!
What role have you played before now regarding the Jones act?
Impress your courage and patriotism upon your very impressionable party sir, they need your voice.
I actually just read what the Jones Act is here. Sounds like government extortion on Puerto Rico to me.
Thank Senator McCain!
Trump is such an evil man
Senator McCain - help us
So American maritime workers are "the swamp"? Get real. There is no shortage of supplies, there is a shortage of functioning PR land based logistics infrastructure to move goods off the Port terminal. #neverwasteagoodcrisis
Jones Act essentially allocates [Expensive] American labor which would be re-allocated elsewhere without it; it's a long discussion.
hes your problem
Ever Vigilant !!
Thanks for sharing, and leading on, this Senator McCain.
Now Johnny, its time for your nap
Senator, how about turning P.R. into the future, going all solar and wind, rather than doing the same that we know is obsolete. Lead!

Thank you for your service
You and your must read like you're in charge of us. Always pushing fake news
SUPPLY AND DEMAND...OH THAT'S RIGHT, YOU ARE NOT THAT INTELLIGENT...YOU JUST CORRUPT AND SING LIKE A SONG BIRD
Hey it's the big government liberal 
EVERY thing he does publicly is fake.  You can ALWAYS expect his real intent to be the opposite of what he's saying to the camera.
Free Nelly !!! http://AllAmericansForPresidentTrump.com 
@senjohnmccain I'd love to hear your response to this video
Watch this. 
You know he will he has filled the swamp



