Leaks of TS SCI from intel & law enforcement communities is exponential. Yet, without prosecutions those leaks grow. Support @POTUS
You talk a big game, but do nothing.  Get some balls or move on.
Cybersecurity will become exponentially more important as AI become exponentially smarter.
Dear sir, I am terrified for our country and the path most republicans are taking. Please stand up and be a hero again.
Also please address proliferation of propaganda and disinformation, which is just as deadly, as we see when we deal with 45 each day.
Then do something about it.
. You're a senator! Why were you brave for 6 years in NVN to just roll over now? You are out of touch, mister.
And we lack the GOP will to investigate Russia's attack on American sovereignty. Wedded to their Trump Master.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLiI7lv1S08 …
What strategy & policy do you propose?
I am sure President Trump is working on it!  You sir just want WAR with anyone!!  Must have a lot of money at stake!!
Stop all these self promoting hearings and do some damn work other than trying to damage the President
Why not ask Russia?  The enemy is in the people's house with POTUS and SOTUS making plans to lift sanctions.  Traitorous administration.
Special prosecutor!! Please don't repeal Obamacare
And you aren't going to get anywhere with Trump! He's for cyber hacking
Start with trumps cabinet and follow the $ trail! #impeach
Poor old john, he just can't get people to accept socialism and the subjugation it offers. Keep battling against freedom john.
Sir.  Just like the usaf formed to focus on air pwr so too must a cyber warfare service
the government is incompetent... problem solved
Cyberspace be damned. GOP has a crazy man in the WH & is doing nothing to stop him. No special prosecutor & GOP won't exist in 5 yrs.
Employing strategy and policy to handle a dangerous and deranged president should be your top priority now.
Talk to the BOGUS POTUS, tweeting instead of leading. Better yet scream bloody murder
You are tire John !!!
I have the answer for this problem-"tax cuts". Sad.
We need a cyber moonshot.  Engage the S&T community sir.  Many can help.
The president thinks this is "fake news"..impeach the obstacle or it will get even worse!
Hey John, who can we bomb next?
If you want strategy & policy you and others will have to write it.  WH is incapable of doing anything useful
Some politicians are taking advantage of this for personal gain w/o any concern for military lives or family's waiting for them to come home
Read my tweets before, John! Breath is threat, as long as you taking breath, threats come!
This issues are too sensitive, John! It's about brain & brain waves, also mobile phone Gwen tower!
If you wrong sharing, you can leak CIA's data, the sleeping beauty! Then wake up with warmonger! It's too sensitive issues!
And you have done nothing about Russian interference in our election.
....but your wife still gets a job
Not to mention the treasonous mofos in the WH! #potusIsATraitor
Well what the HELL have you been doing for the past 8 years, hell 30+ years? Seems RICH to complain when you've been there longer than most!
And who's fault is that you knothead
Your first strategy should be to imprison the current administration!! Keep the bad guys from knowing our policy!!
And our Congress lacks strategy to deal with the future. Do. Your. Job.
UR about to become an OBSTRUCTIONIST like the rest of @GOP. Look in the mirror, ask yourself "what would a Patriot do?" 
#RussiaGOP
Yes all the disgusting truth is starting to come out about the heads of the world.
Well if you Congress & Senators would work 9 to 5 maybe something would get done. Always on Vacation. Start working like other people do.
Lack of strategy is situation normal for the WH
How about starting by removing the Russian assets from the White House. Then we move to the Republican Party.
good point
Then why did the GOP sell out our internet privacy?
Why do you care @SenJohnMcCain?  You don't care about the physical threat within our boarders, why care about cyber? #RINO hack
UR correct, we are behind in cyber warfare esp in retribution to Russia for interfering in our elections!
Who is going to lead that? Giuliani? Give us a break, please. No faith this administration will accomplish anything of merit.
Instead of complaining about it, why don't you start working on better security to fix it. #stupidpoliticians #verysad
Friggin do something about this already
OMG!!!!!!!!!! SHUUUUUUUUUUUUUT UUUUUUUUUP SONGBIRD! YOU ARE HATED IN YOUR OWN STATE, BY ALL IN THE GOP AND MOST LIBERALS! GO AWAY!
R's too busy trying to get rich to worry about that kind of stuff.
#BuildTheWall national internet firewall ... Or would that be racist?
Are you going to impeach Dumpy?
Fake Senator. You're a big part of the problem in DC with ur unfounded remarks that undermine Pres Trump. He won, you lost pres election.
Right! And this administrator is part of it! IMPEACH!
So work on a policy suggestion and stop complaining.
that's because Republicans need Russia in 2018
Heck no you all are too obsessed in blowing up the hope of Americans to have health care and hiding from their Townhalls to worry
Finally someone in the @GOP decided to address this serious issue. Russians are engaged in warfare against democracy, it's a threat
Good Tuesday,Sen.John McCain
We have had a plan, HR333, Disabled Veterans Tax Termination for decades.find $ for war, can find money for HR333
that's because Obama allowed all guardrails to be ignored. ..  #GOPChickInTech
You can use that excuse for another 16 months and then it just becomes "Sad".
you are such a sweet man, vonschott Sen, you have no idea how vulnerable we are .......
True that but the semblance of control can be comforting. I'm just waiting for the next Ebola epidemic and The Donald swings into Tweeting.
eric, your not very good at that whole troll thing .....
Define good. Cathartic for me? Lubing the social currency? Making smarminess a Platonic Ideal? Bomb throwing the way Newt taught us? Sigh.
You realize @FireEye themselves OWN the license of the program used 2 hack the systems they were in charge of right?
Time for action McCain. Talk is cheap.
Especially having a president that can not be bothered by such a topic.  IMPEACH   DO YOUR JOB
The last 8 yrs were disastrous for U.S. I love waking up every morning knowing corrupt lying HRC isnt in charge. Socialism & PC is a disease
The last 8 years you and I were not being controlled by Russian interests. You appear in the age group that should know RUSSIA is the enemy
The last 8 yrs we were controlled by ideology of Communist  Saul Alinsky, Nazi George Soros and left wing radicals in gov and media. 1/2
Maybe you should retire and let a younger person who actually understands technology take your place.
Senator, is there any war anywhere that you'd not like to entrench us in?
Who do you propose we should bomb, I mean liberate, to fix that issue?
probably because @GOP guys like you get yer panties in a bunch when government gets into private sector with regulations.
Been watching!!
This is sad, you could have fixed this anytime is the last bunch of years but you and you pals refused to work with the last President.
I bet you've got your WiFi password written on the bottom of your router.
The single biggest threat facing USA is a FOREIGN ENEMY aka VIRTU PARTNERS in BELGRADE. Remember your oath?
We lack leadership John. All of our systems are being gutted and you know it.
at least we have really big bombs.....
Lots claim to speak for God..most of them get it wrong...
Wth does that even mean? You think you sound philosophical with your word salad, but the reality is you're a fool.
Okey dokey doggy daddy.
