We must honor a commitment to democracy & rule of law TODAY, in the Senate. VOTE NO on "debating" #BCRA. Total disrespect for our democracy.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being such a strong supporter of Poland and Polish democracy. God Bless You!
???!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  http://www.reportsecret.com/2017/07/the-truth-about-john-mccains-shameful.html?spref=tw …

W #Minęła20 Apel do obywateli Niemiec: „Nie zakłamujcie historii! Przeproście Karola Tenderę i inne swoje ofiary” #wieszwięcej 

Watch it live! Thousands of Polish people sing to commemorate the #WarsawUprising44. Praise the heroes!…
Stand up to POTUS Mr. McCain. He is no better than Putin an other strongmen.  Country > party.  PLEASE!
You know Bourbon about Poles and Poland. We are not an editorial in @nytimes or @CNN the Masters of #FakeNews We are for real.
What do you mean with "we"?
Better say "I " or something like "PiS " or me and Macierewicz or Rydzyk.
Your "we" does not mean Poland.
We, means you and I, it's a meaning of "We" Doesn't meter who do you support but who you are. No books&media can give you picture of country
Marek, no one gave you the right to speak for a whole country.
And I don't
Than use "I".
So you are an editorial and you are not for real. OK. I understand that. It's logical.
Where is OUR RULE OF LAW? WHY allow Trump to continue?
Not your work, but the work of a great President. Trump 2020 without McCain traitor
And is the Kobach commission trying to have  democracy? Pease  take action , not only words.
What about in America? Why isn't @SenateGOP holding the president to his oath to the constitution?
Did you tell trumo and your colleagues? Because seems repubs don't care about law and democracy
Please do the same for us....
Speaking of polls...Americans don't want repeal and/or replace. We want a bipartisan fix to ACA. Thank you.
Actually, a great fix is universal healthcare, which I believe they have in Poland.
Have Y O U heard your fellow Americans begging to keep their healthcare? So they can get treatment like yours?
They have a lot of nerve voting out healthcare for us when WE pay for THEM to have premium healthcare coverage that they gave themselves!!
Ummm.. then do something about @realDonaldTrump
And yet you are voting to confirm TumpleThinSkin nominees to the court that will limit the rights of people to be heard. SHAME COWARD
he's still in support of the 3rd law that permits partisan control of local courts he hasnt heard shit and the US MSM isnt listening either
@POTUS When will Trump listen to We The People? Apparently Duda did. #SupportPoland 
they got #WOKE
Kinda hard to get others to honor democracy and rule of law when @potus and most of the GOP won't tho, huh Senator?
Poles or POLLS?
https://twitter.com/krupali/status/889929439391473664 …
Hoping you reflect that thought in your vote against this tragic healthcare bill!
Get well senator ! Your country needs you, my country needs you. All the best !
What a nonsense! Gov. party is "far-right"?? 
Veto or not, the "rule of law" and democracy is fully respected by Polish Govt and President.
Oh dear, does Poland have a @FoxNews too?
We have state TV channel, whose news coverage is in many ways similar, although I would say it's frequently very amusing as well.
Yep! And it proves that the ruling party is far-right.  It looks like we have a lot of "free media" channels and they're not amusing at all
Correct, they are available only on cable TV, though. And yes, from the western point of view they are.
Yeah, right. "Far-right"... 
Alright, let's make a test. Is French Front National far right to you?
Let's not. Polish Govt isn't "far-right". It's the same level of nonsense as if you call them an elephants or martians. Pure nonsense really
Now, if only your Party would.  Sad!
Polands president had a backbone. Like America thought you had.....Once
Do you think our POS Pres would veto this? And yet u continue to stand in his corner to advance GOP's soulless agenda.
Too bad us senators continue to screw over regular people and vote to give the wealthy eveb more tax breaks #2richtobepoor2poorfortaxbreaks
Interesting that u call about Poles protests and desires but not Americans no integrity. SHAMEFUL
YES. This is what Trump wants, He's made unconstitutional attacks on the 1st amendment. In front of 30K children!
This is rich coming from a Republican Trump supporter
BTW - Potus probably has no idea what happened in Poland or why
We need you to stand up for democracy and stop DT propogandizing and vitriol. U know he is a scary man and no one is telling him when wrong
And in this same interest Americans are being heard on #Trumpcare: it's unacceptable. You know deep down it will be devastating to Americans

“He’s not a war hero. He was a war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren’t captured.” —Trump on McCain, July 18, 2015 https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/889798407228989441 …
Please protect our democracy, Senator.
Too bad Americans who want to keep their #ACA coverage are NOT!
Thak you for suport
Mr McCain, who pay you? Soros?
Duda broni komunistycznych sądów!
or for healthcare.  Disgraceful is an understatement.
Good Poles spoke out. You should too:
Last week McCain called for hearings and regular order but if he votes yes on the MTP he didn't actually mean it.
Demonstrations and Resistance made a huge difference in Poland. Hear the people's voices.
great to see a leader with the courage to represent the interests of the governed, rather the empowered.  god speed. #regularOrder
Watch out for bots.
From what I have seen in the last 16 years is that republicans do not believe in the rule of law. Ignorance is no excuse, except for trump.
...but this...
3rd measure must be vetoed too, else this is a defeat dressed up as a victory #ObronimySądy #TrzecieWeto
Zaangażowanie USA czy Pana Sorosa? Nie zna Pan ani Polaków, ani naszej historii.
A już na pewno nie zna polskiego 
ma tłumacza google, niech się postara 
Thank you very much, Senator McCain, your voice realy helped to tame conservative bastards & Trump allies that rule #Poland today.
Hopefully this is a setback for the far-right ruling party of the U.S.
But you advocate flooding Europe with economic migrants from mainly Somalia right John we totally are buying your bullshit
Thank you for your support. Here in Poland we really appreciate it  Wish you all the best!  #PolandDefendsDemocracy
We, the people  Good day, Mr Senator.
Greetings from free Poland!!! 

How about you stop undermining Poland because you couldn't be president You are no hero You are petty and jealous RESIGN
We can only hope we do the same
Thank you Mr. McCain, for your support for Poland and Polish democracy.
Great now how about our Senate and Prez hearing us! #ProtectOurCare #FixACA #bipartisan #NoOnMTP
Fantastic news! We must honor our constitution and democracy. All are equal under the law, including the Trump family. #MuellerTime
Under serious threat in US with Trump/Kobach election fraud commission.
Yes!
We want once more!! 3 x veto  2=3
Do you really know what is going on ? Really ? Don't think so.
It's time for US, Russia and China to end Europes globalization agenda before it's too late.
Good job, protesters!
Can we make sure Trump can't make any appointments during the next recess? His appointments must be vetted by the Senate.
Well said Senator McCain! We're all learning that we must stay vigilant to protect our freedoms!

We wait for 3rd veto. And creation of a new law after social consultations and in full compliance with the Constitution.
mów za siebie łajzo
Get well John your country needs u
Please vote no on current healthcare bill keep up the good work fellow Vetern
If only we had such a commitment in the US!
With respect we are in the fight of out lifes for our own democray
Cannabis can help you! You should push for legalization!
You listening @realDonaldTrump?
Great news! Will the US be next?
Could you please tell your president that..??
Hi senator McCain. I hope you're feeling better today.
