John, you should been The President of United States. Why didn't you run and represent the republicans.
support my/ OUR president! Or get out of the way!
Im a vet and still think you suck.
you called a POW a "whore." If I were the person w/ you in that pic I'd distance myself immediately
@POTUS Stop backstabbing Trump & support our President. Show him & American people some respect Embarrassment to AZ
no thank you.   Listening to you sound like a Progressive has made me want to puke
Please don't vote to overturn ESSA!  AZ kids are counting on you to do the right thing!
just wondering how much real control Soros has over you because it seems like he owns you
Is your integrity and your legacy worth more than voting with Trump on healthcare and other issues.
I'll be watching when u cast your vote on ACA.  Hope u vote against, it's your chance to show u actually have guts.

How long are you people in Congress going allow this madman steer the ship?? This pure insanity!! Please help us!
please mr. Mccain we must get trump out of our wh.i feel scared & shamed by him.thx for your time.be strong.
Who cares?  You and ur buddy Graham need to retire!  Let  real Conservatives take ur seats! U both r embarrassing!
I thank you for your service during Nam.   But I condemn your actions that have hurt this country and sovereignty
Who in the hell would want to follow you anywhere? Your fellow soldiers didn't want to either ,songbird.
At what point during the day do you have your briefing with Georgie Soros.  Is Grahm and Little Marco on the call
we need a real conservative not Hanoi John in Arizona.  Respect is earned and not forever!
Also you've infected Little Marco.  Did you offer to endorse him if he became your lapdog like Grahm
Good one less freak. I'm following him. 
SenMcCain where have you been for the last 35 yrs? Why are we still dealing with immigration, tax reform, & many more issues?
Time for you to sit down and shut up. Quit undermining Trump.
#TermLimits
Stop trashing President Trump. Keep your mouth shut if you don't have something positive to say!
not McCain's fault that @POTUS goes nuts on Twitter. Trump should present evidence if he's accusing Obama.
Oh believe me Obama is going to be exposed. He isn't as clever as he thinks he is.
McCain has 6 years to give @POTUS a hard time. Too bad Trump was a douche to him, lol! I hope he shows no mercy.
John McCain is no match against President Trump.
Interesting you don't seem to follow @realDonaldTrump or @VP   #RINO
American lands need to stay in public hands. How come you just voted to limit that?!
I care so little about this. I care very much about having a crazy President. But that would be your job, wouldn't it?
Keep the pressure on Trump! #FactsMatter #FreePress #CountryOverParty #RealHero #NoBanNoWall #LoveTrumpsHate
DT governs on impulse, whim, personal retribution & profit As if he had been elected dictator.
Youve got to get rid of DT. N Korea is a real threat & DT's worried about crowd size &wiretaps
seriously are you suffering from sour grapes???
Getting captured in a war doesn't make you a hero. It makes you a prisoner. Shamefull old man with loose stool..
Still blaming Russia I see. Seriously I despise you.
Anthony Weiner laptop trial starts tomorrow. Worried? Is this why you've turned your back on America. Sad old man.
awwwwwwwwww :) that's so cute!
Ignore your naysayers here...you are doing a good job and this comes from a Democrat.
you've got him for 6 more years, lol! Bet Trump wishes he hadn't said he "likes soldiers that aren't captured."
all you power hungry perverts and money grabbing people need to go. #pizzagate
please retire!!!! I'm embarrassed for my State and extremely embarrassed for ur daughter.
Sen.  please sir STOP looking & sounding as though U R YOUR POTUS's enemy at every turn.He is our party's ldrship.
do you have anything good to say about our president?  Just curious
Are you going to film episodes of you meeting with ISIS?
Is this so you can hide your #RINO positions?
You are the liberals greatest asset. U never obstructed Obama this much. Sedition: Look it up!
yeah that's important to the American people n the peps of Arizona Senator! Sad !
Time to stop your personal vendetta against POTUS. YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN THAT AGGRESSIVE TOWARDS OBAMA. Shame!
The Books Of Time Will Track All Of You! @realDonaldTrump  @RealAlexJones @FreeJesseJames ...Not you @CNN YOUR FAKE!!!...
To hell with Snapchat. Be the hero you once were before you took a nose dive with Palin. Lucky to still be in the Senate!
Stop with this Bullshit and do your job! Talk to VP pence to invoke the 25th Amendment sec 4 to remove this mentally ill man!
good iobhope you stop trump before he kill me
country taking on water please avoid us hitting an iceberg.
u want to mince words Senator? Our president is CORRECT! If no wiretap occurred then how did They hear Flynn?
u take the American people for fools!! u should be investigating the intelligence community trying to destroy trump
the recording of Flynn was when he was at TRUMP TOWER. I don't care about who ordered it. Obama admin conducted it
u r not interested in why a sitting president's admin conducted an investigation including wiretap of trump tower?
that doesn't interest u? A president who campaigned vigorously for trumps opponent? I'd say America needs to know
stop with your grandstanding! You lost the election. Stop trying to undermine Trump.
no one cares about your Snapchat channel. Stop undermining the president! Whose side are you on?
I think a lot of people are going to pee on your grave mccain
Dear Senator McCain,  Why did you hire a pedophile as your campaign manager?  Why have you not condemned him yet?
Do us a favor. QUIET PLEASE! Thank you.
maybe we needed investigation after we investigate the last 8 years of sabotage
stock just went public didn't they just reprimand Kelly and for doing something or saying buy Trump fashion?
who wants to bed this esteemed Republican sanitaire just bought stock in Snapchat or his family did
I'd like a behind the scenes look at you leaving DC forever, UR a traitor and a danger to our nation.
real short....YOU SUCK
please stop him.  Please stand up for behaving decently.
it's #russia #russiagate #Trumprussia show us more bts, sure @Snapchat
Thank u 4 the wire tap comments
AZ SHOULD DEMAND THEIR SENATORS CAN READ & USE GOOGLE TO FIND NUMEROUS ARTICLES RE FISA TRUMP http://washex.am/2mZCm7n  #AZPol
War veteran to War veteran, THE fact that you used that for your political career is SAD. We know you are trying to disrupt!
that Snapchat picture should be a photo of you behind bars. You are a traitor
#ICYMI, this is just the tip of the iceberg on John McCain.
William S. Cohen, Def. Sec for @BillClinton and current Dir. for @CBS was the best man at @SenJohnMcCain's wedding. HUGE foreign interests. 
Oh yes, SNAPCHAT, that's part of the Podesta + Partners? THAT Snapchat?
.@SenJohnMcCain! How much did YOU contribute to ISIS/HumanTrafficking in Syria/Iraq? http://humantraffickingcenter.org/isis-one-many-contributors-trafficking-syria-iraq/ … #PERVERTS @d_seaman @Shelaco
Good grief!  I didn't think you could get creepier.  The process increases the more you kiss democratic a**.
you are the personification of the reason why we need term limits
only if it is your retirement party please go away and lick your wounds away from DC.
you're awful
who cares.....
You should get back to work representing the people of the US
behind the scenes visits with ISIS??? TRAITOR
Ignore the Trumpers and be on the right side of history. Do you really want to be Geo.Wallace in the Civil Rights pics? Stand up to the Lies
You are allowing the conspiracy theories to run amok! WHY???
You are allowing Breitbart to run our policy and direction!  WHY???
When are you going to put an end to this presidency?? Our democracy is being destabilized and eroded.Russia has won! No faith in democracy.
Senator, we are living in a dictator state now. Please do your duty and protect your nation.
Who the hell cares?? Traitor!
Please continue to stand up for America You may be the only person that stand up to Russia- Save America!!
:Stop the madness!Get special prosecutor to investigate Trump &campaign Russia ties!Congressional investigation DOA
so your campaign manager was arrested for being a pedophile huh?? Pretty sick but I think you knew and didn't care
Article 25 Section 4  of the Constitution, do something!
John McCain needs to retire, you are not a Republican, you are horrible, everyone hates you in Arizona.
John how much were you paid by Hillary to stab president Trump in the back?Song bird.Treasonous act.
You need to change your politics and formally announce you are with the left!
POSTER BOY FOR TERM LIMITS
really , who cares???
-time to lead the insurrection,Sir. Or country you fought for will be gone now that the Crazies/Nazis/non-Patriots are in chg.
good. Now go read @khanoisseur on twitter for his great research.
It's on you soldier to stop this Trump menace before it DESTROYS OUR CHILDREN'S FUTURE
thanks for service but get out the way and let TRUMP lead... look in the mirror - bitter old men need to retire
I wished I have NEVER voted for U.  U & ur Graham, we will c 2 it U r gone!
will you be covering your main man running your campaign who was just arrested for pedo charges r u involved  john
Please , Stop this crazy man. What he is doing in the White House?
Shame u 
didn't put same effort in uncovering ALL the HRC issues as u do pursuing everything anti #POTUS #MAGA #TRUMP
your a traitor!!! Go join the failing Dem party!!!
your fellow prisoners said it all. You couldn't accomplish what Trump was able to. You're all sour grapes.
Johnny you never addressed issues in AZ regarding illegals. You've managed a career of nothing accomplished
please instead of launching snap chat launch an investigation on trumps ties to Russia please
Did you use the money you got from Saudi Arabia??
we are all looking to you for leadership!
are fake news medias and do not deserve press respects. The president should restrict them from WH.
You should not support democrats by making statements against The president Trump. CNN, CNBC, NYT...
Will it include you, Graham and Ryan colluding w/ dems to oust Trump? You are all traitors.
Nobody cares about your day McTraitor.  I hope u get recalled.
So U can complain about OUR duly elected POTUS? He WON his election, U LOST yours! Kinda rubs U doesn't it?
no one wants to hear a sell out. Everyone is turning on you 
Your bank account will be a witness against you
turn in the others to save your own skin you are good at that. Maybe that's why Soros likes you until he can't use
John McCain's campaign manager arrested on pedophilia charges. So, how's your day going so far John?
I'm Really disappointed in u. Not sure how often why you are furthering division & disrespecting @POTUS.Good grief
Hillary should have had one of these. You don't even need a cloth to wipe everything.
you suck so anti American. Let POTUS do his job. Stop being so subversive.
