How anyone could be thinking tax cuts for billionaires, when ordinary Americans are getting hit by huge health care rate hikes is beyond me
What does tax cuts have to do with high health insurance costs..NOTHING! Get all the illegals off of benefits along with all the cheaters!
Because there is $1.5 Trillion in Cuts to Medicare and Medicaid in this so-called tax reform bill. You are such a rocket scientist.
Good cut away! Im guessing your on "the take" off the backs of the American people...better get a jobby job!
Not that it matters, worked 30 Year’s & comfortably retired. Difference between you & me. I care about others. You blame others for your lot
Oh dear are you assuming you know me...that you run the world? So I am right your on "the take" prob a govt job #saving your own a$$!
I know you here. You blame everyone for your lot in life. Everyone at fault. You take no responsibility. You want to blame. See ur tweets.
Oh really..hysterical! If you did then you know I hold everyone accountable to be responsible and pay their own way govt retiree
How about find the $3TRIL the Pentagon lost and can't find first?
Find the 6 billion the state Dept lost under Clinton! #RedNationRising
That's part of the $3tril I am speaking of too.
How about adequately funding education, healthcare, combat veterans issues? GOP tax reform will help no one but wealthy, including military.
PLEASE don't repeal the estate tax Sen McCain!!! It's the single most important tax the gov't collects.
Do you support $1.5 trillion cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, to cut taxes for few? How can we fund tax cuts on backs of Seniors and vulnerable?
Retire McCain 
Oh please you hypocrite. You sell out america every chance you get and you will do the same thing on tax reform.
Instead of foreign wars & bases, let's spend on Americans at home & veterans benefits
That’s very dangerous proposition but you probably believe bush was responsible for 9/11 I am ex military you have to have military
Don't think Bush did 9/11, was obviously a terrorist attack but Vietnam, Iraq, African interventions have shown that...
Did not believe in right reason for Vietnam my dad was there I agreed with Kennedy. Iraq needed Saddam gone.
Saddam was awful but no worse than others like Asad. Saddam also served as counterweight to Iran. But I think change is better effected...
Conservatives are trying to get rid of VA. Is this #GOP's way of caring for #Military. No, privatize!! Leave it alone!!  Leave VA alone!!
You are the ultimate traitor.  You have disguised yourself as a Republican, and now you fully show your true turncoat colors.
Stated up for our President Trump
We want you out from the committee.
To bad U couldn’t support us on health care like u promised your voters, but U were always a closet Obozo supporter
What about weapons bought but not needed or not worth the powder.  The newest destroyer is a death trap for instance but someone got rich.
Cutting Medicare?
You want to lift the $ caps on Defense but screw every Civil Servant thru FERS contribution increases, & killing the COLA & FERS supplement?
That's what you did in Vietnam right SongBird
Oh yeah, let's wait and see how you vote. You only do what's best for you.
The gop “#taxreform” is gutting benefits for the average citizen (Medicare, Medicaid) to hand the rich the largest break in history. #VoteNo
Stop reading your blogs and be real a lot of things could use trimming our government spends too much especially dems for illegals
@McCain #EstateTaxRepeal is just wrong a gift to the top 1%! What ever happened to logic math and a balanced budget? Stand up to #Trump
You were not only a traitor in Nam your a traitor still to the American people!
You better vote NO ON TAX REFORM

If McCain fails 2 pass tax reform, Arizonoins must vote him out of office for failing 2 represent the people. #obstructionist #retireMcCain
You need to go hom
so does that mean...NO CAP is "Free Spending" on whatever you see necessary? Giving your committee a BLANK CHECK would be crazy!
U PRO LIFERS NEED 2 take care of the POOR & fund the safety net programs so that people can THRIVE. TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS DOESNT WORK!
SUPPORT out President, or just GO AWAY!!!!
You make it hard to listen to anything you have to say
Remember the USS FORRISTAL, 133 sailors died
Agreed we need our military strong
Also please no cuts to Medicaid and Medicare
We don't always get everything we want. We don't have to hurt our party when we have such a slim margin as majority when we don't get ALL!
MCCAIN,ESTAS DESILUCIONANDO.AL PUEBLO
QUE TE ALABO ¿ESTAS OK MR MCCAIN ?
I hope you will rethink supporting #TaxReform b/c it doesn't help working & middle class Americans! Trickle-down never works. Pls be a hero!
Disagree, we must trim our military as we do not need NEARLY the strength we have.
Please support this tax deal for your voters
Tax reform, like healthcare, needs regular process. Research, public hearings, time to review, etc. This #taxreform has none of that.
Don't U mean: As long as it pays off the M-I Complex's ripoffs of the Soldiers, Sailors, Air Force Persons, and Marines U claim to support? Reforming DOD Acquisitions would cut the costs by 20 to 25 percent.
21 trillion debt? defence 366% over budget? No accountability to people?! negotiate your jail term 4 crimes against humanity lying john.

I totally agree with you on this.#AJ
I support our military & believe in the defense of our nation. Don't youthink that needs to go through "proper order"? That's is your thing.
Please vote NO on a tax structure that sacrifices the safety net for America's most vulnerable to benefit the wealthy.
We already spend too much on defense and the top 1% shouldn't be given tax breaks while adding to the deficit.
IF GOP passes tax reform, THEN will you all move to impeach? Pleeeeeeease???
We need REGULAR ORDER for taxes as well. Millions willl be punished because of Ryan, yet he wants to cut Medicare.
#retire
Yes the defense caps are only hurting the people we put in harms way.
Nice sentiment, Senator.  But how are you planning on PAYING for it? Every deficit you run is a tax increase on the rest of us
Pseudonyms for plutocracy agenda.  Issue is macroeconomic change for world market not dominated by USA. And funding of government.
Retire, McCain.  You're not a Republican, you are not honest, and you are a traitor to the USA and your President.  America hates you.
Vote YES to tax cuts
Senator, please don’t mess up #taxreform like you did with ACA repeal & replace. If you want military $ increase use the normal process.
John boy a true leftist
Do you even care what about the American people? Democrats, Republican, and Independents all want term limits! Represent them, not yourself!
we seem to already be spending a lot on the military.  Are we using the $s efficiently? Why do we need more?
We need to defend our natural resources and clean up our planet. We also need a better VA. We need defense against CERN. Bring back NASA!!!
Cut Medicare, Medicaid, education, and food stamps but we get tax cuts for the rich and a stupid wall?
Almost all the tax cuts are exclusively for the rich and require cutting essential services.
The rich get 8.7% more money with these tax cut and we all get less than .05%.  Many middle class will pay more.
I paid into Medicare since I was 15, cutting Medicare to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy is BS.
Could there ever be enough war to satisfy you? Increased military budget = increased war = increased arms sales. Disgusting.
I'm w/ you on this. But Id like to see a plan to build more efficiency into our defense expenditures. We literally need more Bang per buck
McCain again war war war
On your watch the VA was failing miserably. Right HERE in AZ. I do not remember your having exposed this.  Why?
Pay down debt! Wall for billions is ridiculous! Trump’s  golf trips, Pence’s costly publicity stunt, politicians flying private/first class!
John McCain please retire
@SpeakerRyan  SKorea President- @moonriver365  watch me n torture me. With do MB @GH_PARK HYUNDAI-KIA SAMSUNG. Why watch me? Why?
I'll bet you @SenJohnMcCain support. I bet you vote no like always. Liberal.
Then President election. i banned Hillary's economic policies. Look DOW n other economic indicates.if President Trump resign, Hillary is not
Also, Barack Obama is not. Look Citizen's life.
How can you support tax reform that cuts 1.5 Trillion from Medicaid & Medicare, when Senate can’t stabilize markets?
GOP lawmakers refuse to support bipartisan deal to extend ObamaCare payments Trump ended http://hill.cm/Q7VqkWm  
Is it really #taxReform or is it #TaxRaise for middle class!!
Shut up, John, you filthy traitor. Go move to the Middle East where you feel at home with your pals.
Disappointing that #GOP stops screaming about #nationaldebt when they're in the #WhiteHouse. Tax cuts won't get 3% GDP. Ask David Stockman.
Wow maybe I have to say Thank You soon ...
JOHN YOU ARE A DEMOCRATE SWITCH PARTY'S IT'S JUST RT THING TO DO
Medicare and medicaid are being abused abused abused and more people should be more responsible and not take advantage. Period!!!!!
The American Prople need tax reform. Let’s do this Mr. McCain. Please!!!!!
VOTE FOR TAX REFORM, don't hurt America just because you don't like Trump, it's has been easy for all to see how your operating out of hate.
Are you going to support the president or stab him in the back again? #RedNationRising
Thank you for your service. Thank you for your dignity in service. 
Please make sure this actually benefits hard hit middle class-not the 1%!!
Are you going to hurt our party from moving forward again?  Replace and Retire you lack of cooperation in the party will be remembered. 
Isn't $700 billion enough? That's more than the next 10 countries defense spending combined. How about #MedicareForAll instead?
@SpeakerRyan @vp if well educated person get bit-coin, it's will make new rust-belt? n make new Harlem in World class? Than efforts, brain?
@SpeakerRyan @VP Blockchain technology is safe from hacking? Bit coin is bubble or next currency? if will be currency, how to give Tax?
You know this will NOT HELP AMERICANS except top 1%. It will NOT create jobs (Reagan cuts proved that) & will blow up deficit.This is a NO!
Sir with the greatest of respect how many more billions does the US defence budget need while people live in abject poverty?
Just a note that this resolution is cutting Medicare by $473Billion. Without medical coverage, I and many other Americans will die.
They didnt die before we had it so why would they now? Stop with your fear mongering.
Specious logic I'm watching the budget debate right now. Even a couple of GOP Senators express the same concerns cite same stats try this
Traitor to your party. Retire and go away please
Your not a republican, Shame on you
No, no we don't. We need to focus on fixing infrastructure and healthcare for the middle class.  Not saving the 1% a few billion
How much is being taken out of Medicaid and Medicare in order to provide tax cuts for the top 1%?
Thank you Senator
My Name is John McCain. I use Twitter replies to guide my policy decisions.
You need to decide if you’re going to stay at Democrat come back to the Republican Party. The consensus says you’ve always been a democrat
This tax plan is awful! Please, stand up for your principles and help them craft a truly bipartisan bill! Don't have to this bad one!! Pleas
You can't cut taxes and lift caps too.
Fair, but we need military policing. someone to keep them accountable. very successful in Israel. brach to police others within. efficiency
The budget will also gut the EPA and our environmental protections. How can you support that?
Because we don't spend enough on defense? US spends more than the the next 8 countries combined. Why are we the best already? Waste?
Your wife owns stock in Raytheon?
John Worthless McCain...Fake Republican
You always know better than everyone else. Why don’t you just go away???????
Nobody listens to you McCain. Why don't you quit!
Ok, you’re losing face again Senator, have you seen this chart?
Anything to torpedo Trump ! Right !  Retire now !
Please just retire and take care of your health! You always have an I support but... meaning you don't support any conservative policies!
Sob has lost his mind, jeez he s has never passed any legislation , never done j 
DON'T BE TRAY OUR PRESIDENT AND COUNTRY AGAIN. RECALL IS IN OUR HEARTS.
FINALLY YOU DO SOMETHING RIGHT. YOU'D BETTER BE SUPPORTING TRUMP IN THIS. YOU CLINTON CONNECTION AND GLOBILIST POSITIONS ARE SICKENING,RHINO
So you don't like nationalism? So you hate America? I'm disgusted at myself for voting for you. I didn't expect this from a fellow war vet
You and all the other idiots in the government have been running this nation into the ground. Shut up and let Trump do his job.
Unlike you and the rest of the government, who get rich of of us, he actually wants to put America first. That's how it should be. Retire.
You don't care you will sabotage everything b/c you hate and are jealous of POTUSif you were up for re-election in 2018 you wl be gone 

Some thoughts I had on the matter.
You know why you are blackmailing the tax reform because you were part of this McCain; REAL COLLUSION, BRIBERY, BLACKMAIL KICKBACKS, since 2009 WITH RUSSIA WAS @HillaryClinton when Secretary of State. FBI & Obama KNEW. @CNN @ABC @NBC @MSNBC LIED  to cover up & fool #WeThePeople

Spurious Senator- @CharlesHurt: What has John McCain ever done? Who is he to attack @realDonaldTrump? #Dobbs #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
This tax reform FUCKS everyone who works for a living to give you millionaires tax breaks. FUCK THAT!
Tax reform should be a non-starter until 45 shows us his tax returns.  It should NOT add to deficit and mostly benefit only top 1%.
Always a compromise with this fool.
Rand Paul doesn't...that's gonna be a problem
He s is a moron and has been for  a long tlme, nice life on the hill, ufb
Can u say keating 5, yes he got away with that bull , after lawyers he did make a lot cash, a sorry,,,,,
US Defense expenditures are the highest in world. Stop the madness & the waste. Make Pentagon accountable.
Please retire John McCain
BOOM: Rand calls McCain & Graham Democrats! "People like McCain and Graham, parade as Conservatives but are Not!"
And appears the Alexander/Murray compromise may not happen, but you know tax cuts for billionaires will. That’s disgusting. Regular order?
You’re going to screw us again. I can feel it.  #fakerepublican
You sure do flip flop.
I'm guessing that the waste in DC (esp $ spent by Trump) would go a long way toward funding defense needs.  NO on tax "reform".
Vote against the tax reform please. You KNOW it's not good for us, unless you are wealthy. Remember Reagan & how well that worked out
Pure evil devil!! Can’t believe I once supported you! #TRAITOR
I'm sorry, but after the obvious K St. inspired no vote on the Cassady / Graham (so much for friendship) health care bill, I CAN'T trust U!!
Lift caps on defense? Military budget is out of control. Insane McCain.
We spend enough on defense. Jesus.
And pay our veterans what they have earned, CRDP for all disabled veterans and CH61 retirees.
I do not support anything Trump puts forward
You're a fake Republican!!!
SHAME how #45 threat MCCAIN.Sombady have to do something
John McCain will be remembered and will go down in history as one who committed fraud, he ran as a Republican but is a Democrat.
Medicaid/Medicare. food stamps, especially for the elderly/disabled. These r the things that r import 2 most ppl. Tax breaks 4 the rich, no.
Protect the people that pay the bills. Keep your word
The current tax reform is not good for Americans.  We need to remove corporate interest and keep taxing them appropriately.
Guys in Benghazi didn't get resources and you got paid traitor.
Respectfully disagree sir. Your party is incapable of implementing an equitable tax plan. They are beholden to moneyed interests, not public
RETIRE
Support the President!!!! Period.
Must put more special interest $'s in your bank account.  How about the middle class?  How about small business? Screw us, right ego-man?
Of course we do traitor. Why don’t you just write all the bills and then everything will be perfect like you
The great DEMOCRATIC Senator from AZ. U won't support health care, taxes or the wall. Poor poor AZ. Hopefully ur replacement is conservative
When is 'Tax Reform' a gift to the 1% at the expense of the 99%, + $10 Trillion more to the National Debt? Please say No to this Travesty!
You know that "tax reform" is something that members of congress who have been bought are promoting.  No one's constituents want this scam.
How bout you all spend the money you have more efficiently?  I have done work on base.  The red tape and over engineered projects are .
I respect you but there is so much waste in our military that it's hard to think we need to throw more at it.  DM me I'd be happy to chat.
I had no idea that some of the side effects of brain cancer was growing a bigger set of balls and a spine.
Take his temperature
You know better than most that inflation that comes with #GOP #TaxReform will hurt Retirees & Seniors the most & make servicing debt harder.
@VP @SpeakerRyan @WhiteHouse i think that your ordered to them.Never come with visited to there. @POTUS or House?Do with your SKorea friends
We “ the working man and small business owner in Arizona” need a tax brake. Please support Mr Trump Tax Cuts agenda- thanks!!!
Spoken like a true democrat
@VP @SpeakerRyan @WhiteHouse i asked to @TheBlueHouseKR @moonriver365 @news_NA visited there with me. They never A to me, visited only them.
Thank you. I hope you feel well today, Senator. Love and prayers.
Don’t raise taxes on middle class to give to wealthy.  Don’t cut Medicare, SS, Pell Grants, Food and Housing programs Tax the Rich.
Tax rich till they leave! Many have and more would if taxed more, then who do you tax? Mid class? Then they see work is useless when the gov't takes most of it and go on the dole too? Then who? Trumps plan lowers for mid class BTW!
Cut spending, you are not conservative, you know you should resign
Go away you cranky bitter man. #rino
@vp @SpeakerRyan @WhiteHouse Commit a murder by Your SKorea friends? Who are order, Commit a muder to me? it's rewards of aided to you?
