Thank you, Senator, for being one of the few in your caucus, who has a conscience.
DT is unfit to lead! Impeach @Scotus @AGSchneiderman @SenateDems @SenFeinstein @RepAdamSchiff
ILLUMINATI NEWS = its me the New @Pontifex
The Jones Act is fundamental core policy that has kept PR in a persistent state of poverty for the last 100 years.Time to REPEAL&REPLACE IT!
McCain is a Rino traitor
McCain you have been in political office for 34 yetas & you have never given a damn about the Jones Act or PR, stop the Grandstanding act!
Please join @RepAlGreen in the impeachment process! This man is a humanitarian disaster! He has blood on his hands! #PuertoRicoRelief
Trump's delay in waiving the jones act HAS KILLED PEOPLE. Where are you benghazi conspiracy theorists who hate when government kills people?
R we going to stock pile it if they can't eat the food what's the point of more ships 
"The Perils of Political Ignorance" I was under the impression that you we re author.
We don't read fake news
Thank you for everything you are doing for Sir. Your efforts are truly life saving.
Political ignorance?  Look in the mirror!
@realDonaldTrump Why are your fellow republican senators not standing up to Trump? This administration needs to end!
Sorry, I don't respect liars.
Perhaps he thought there would something to replace it with. After all, he wasn't the one that started that mantra. God Bless John McCain
fuck this and fuck that, ya'll petty excuses are simply too whack.
Why can't you be our president?
Can we replace "The Jones Act" with "Trump" in that sentence? "Trump and the perils of political ignorance" is the story of his Presidency.
The Jones Act is a worthless regulation that MUST be repealed!
This will be your legacy and what remembered for. Hope your happy. Did President hurt your feelings? Be a man & do what's right for 
The article is acceptable but it should mentioned the main shipping companies and their owners that have profit from the JONES ACT.
Jones act saves our American fleet. Political corruption and foreign shipping destroyed American ocean shipping fleet. Jones act is good
You really are a democrat.
Sir, u sure can hold a grudge. Ur actions to undermine the president are appalling. Where you so loyal to ur leaders while in military?
I'm suppose to listen to a TRAITOR?
Thank you Senator McCain. Sadly, you can't do it alone. Would there be other Republicans willing to help you out? To do what is right?
$9M is what @SenJohnMcCain is worth to say NO to 1 promise he made to Americans. Can't take that money to grave. Bought out scum bag. 

very nearly a century old law regarding who is allowed to ship to which island variably creating a slave island. like a computer board(s)
Asshole.
Shabby job of reporting. Anyone who goes from LA or Seattle to Alaska or NY up St. Lawrence Seaway knows better.  But- you know better, too.
McCain is hope you have puppy cause you are hated safe place, ?
They are reference you McCain
thank you for this one.   But lets remove this act permanently.
Nothing in the Washington post is believable #FAKENEWS
You should watch hannity’s interview with Rush. The swamp is draining, you are running out of time
Dude ur in politics!
You are one of the few true republicans left , you are not afraid of the orange bully !
According to my husband, a retired merchant marine engineer, the Jones Act no longer applies.
Don't read The Post...fake news
This is dishonest. Getting food there right now is no the problem, getting it unloaded and distributed is the problem. Unless McCain feels the Jones Act can open the roads and distirbution routes faster?
Repeal obamacare by ur own advice.
Stunning! "@POTUS" jets off for a golf wknd while 3.5M #PuertoRico Americans are in crisis!
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems
@kylegriffin1  58s ago
Per pool, Trump has arrived at Trump Nat'l Golf Club in N.J.

This is his 66th day at a golf course...
Funny how President nutjob claimed Obama spent too much time at a golf course, yet so far he spent 25 PERCENT OF HIS PRESIDENCY GOLFING.
I am sure I am not the only person who knows ur out to be against Trump agenda when you can. Next you'll be against tax reform sour grapes!
Thank you for putting the country before politics,  a true hero. Wishing you all the best in your latest battle with cancer. You'll beat it!
You've done the right thing on the disastrous HC bill, please do the right thing again & do not confirm Ajit Pai for 5 more years!
Must read "The Big Lie"
Thank you for this Sen. McCain. You really are a grassroots guy. You are for the people.We approve. ;)Stay well.MUCH LOVE to you and yours
Congress approved it???
And though authority be a stubborn bear, yet he is oft led by the nose with gold.
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, The Winter's Tale
Traitor
Love you @SenJohnMcCain johnif I may..
Do you have a movie version Or TV show This way @realDonaldTrump would be able to watch
Wow after the act being in place for almost 100 years it's a broken law made by ignorant people. Sounds like your stand on immigration law.
He helped the country keep their medical insurance. He continues to be a US hero...thank you McCain!
Now you can’t support tax plan? Just say it, “out of revenge, you won’t  support Trump”.  Sad epitaph for a person I use to admire.
Out of common sense and what is best for the average citizen of the United States. Thank you, McCain!
How long have you been in office? This is just an issue to you now?
It's funny how the governor of PR is very thankful. Of what trump is doing. And haters like you are make it political typical scum.
Thank You Senator McCain!!
All about congress and swamp it is out of touch and non caring
Please take care of yourself  Senator McCain. We desperately need you in these dark, divided times.
Traitor McCain.
Why didn't you sponsor repeal of the Jones Act years ago?
The Kurds were dying fighting Isis as  Iraqis were dropping their guns and running away so why aren't you doing something to help Them now
Songbird! you know the Washington compost is a near-bankrupt liberal rag...and has zero credility due to constantly publishing fake news!
McCain, you seditious little bastard, you are the poster boy for political ignorance!
I've talked to people in the comments of your posts here who may not be your biggest fans as of late, but every one of us has agreed on this
As one of the last sane republicans Senator, do all of us a favor and don't die!
He has risen...We see you. #JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCountry
I must confess I did not know about the Jones act. Thank you for your explanation of it.(I did know the rest) so not a complete idiot.
Help eliminate political ignorance — retire.
We don't care what u think .U screwed the American people
To repeal the Jones Act the U.S. needs to overhaul the cargo/cruise ship regulations that make it costly to operate under the American flag.
#RepealMcCainCare
It's called American first!! Do you want Chinese & Japanese cheap goods. You just don't get the American first!! Retire old man!

Evil
When was Jones Act approved? How long were you ignorant? Where were you during Benghazi? What did you say on Fast & Furious? UR not all that
Thank you Senator.
Word is you wanted to run as a democrat before the last Arizona election, but you knew that was a certain defeat.
You've been a senator for decades and never looked into this. Where u been, homie?
Yes. The Jones Act sucks, too.  But we fought the British over colonial neglect.  With thousands dead, PR needs more than open ports.
Nice hit!
Please just retire Senator McCain, for your sake and the country's.
Why haven't you repealed it song bird?
Give us knowledge we are in total political ignorance. Also #45 owe 33 M to Puerto Rico  he got our island   in debt to#drain the swamp
 McCain he should be democrat 
You're the biggest offender.

Bot
We have the best government money can buy. Most Americans can barely afford to raise their children and make house payments. So sad
Your favorite publication?

McCain you are the epitome of political ignorance. #traitor #termlimits
Thank you, Sir @SenJohnMcCain That was an interesting story! I must admit my ignorance on the subject! We can do better America! 
Thank you for your leadership on this critical issue for  #repealJonesAct
Please people enlighten yourselves. The Jones Act should be abolished !!!!!
READ READ. READ READ READ READ
I can see where the Jones Act might have its plus side especially when considering drug trafficing.
I don't know how old that tweet is but he suspended that Jones Act days ago your resentment and downright hate. it's destructive
He temporarily suspended the Jones Act for a week
Many more people could be helped if it were suspended for longer or even indefinitely.
Maybe Geralyn is just giving us a demonstration of the "political ignorance" portion of the article.
The article is a political opinion of the Jones Act. Using the  Puerto Rico tragedy as tool to win support it's about DC not Puerto Rico
We can't read anything from Washingto Post without paying.
How do you spell subsidy?
You like created fake news. While you live in your 20 million dollar mansion. Paid by kickbacks as a politician. Do I smell a crook
Reading WAPO is political ignorance RINO.
McCain 2020? And I'm a Democrat btw..
So is McCain by the way
Maybe one day
Another "must-read":
What about ObamerCare and the perils of political ignorance?
Speaking of politically ignorant...
Keep lying. The goods are at the ports but because of internal logistics can't get it to remote locations. Nothing to do with the Jones Act.
we live it every day @SenJohnMcCain - its an everyday event with this Administration -
How are u @SenJohnMcCain. Not raising hell abt this abomination of a @potus he is destroying our democracy MAGA #ImpeachTrump
Well if anyone knows political ignorance John it's you.... please retire
@SenJohnMcCain  Like yours?
Can we just be honest & point out Mitch McConnell & spouse Elaine Chao are in Shipping Business #disclosure
BINGO!!! Thanks for connecting those dots for me!
Please convince your fellow GOP to look into impeaching this mad man. Killing people, dividing country, stealing from taxpayers. #nixon
agreed, here is some humor for your morning :P
What do you plan to do about it?
if the trump admin says black, you gotta say white, just do us all a favor and retire
40 years as a Senator and you never concerned yourself with the Jones Act before. You are such a phony patriot.
McCain cares more about obscure global issues than the major issues facing his own country.
WHAT ABOUT THE PERILS OF IGNORANT SENATORS THAT DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT IS HAPPENING TO INDIVIDUALS UNDER OBAMACARE?
Sorry, the biggest political ignorance is the Idiot--in-Chief.  He is our biggest peril.
Hope you are doing well. For remaining time in senate PLEASE do not vote with your party. They have lost all sense of compassion, etc.
it is so compassionate to cost my family 14K a year for unusable health insurance. GTH ahole troll bot
How about the PERILS OF IGNORANCE! #Trump
Just can’t say anything positive can you.
Take your own advice. #RepealObamacare 
Stop protecting your donors.

Bot
