It's official! GCU is NCAA Championship ready. Thank you Lopes family for making our four-year Division I transition a success. #LopesRising 
But what about healthcare?
Thank you !
I care what you hav to say

SenMcCain honorable American.
Stop ignoring the Elephant in the rm. there is a crazy, mental person w/ major Hate issues in the WH, What R you going to do about it?
Yes, what are any of you reps going to do about the crazy Divider and Chief.
Sears is closing 28 more kmarts. No trump response
30 year 6 terms can you name your major accomplishment in that time? You are 
selfish never giving another fresh person a turn. TERM LIMITS!
You are horrible John McCain!  Why do you hate America so much?  You bitter old man
McCain, put your big boy pants on and introduce a bill protecting our Confederate history from the current hysteria, if you have the balls!
Uh senator... #NDAA?
Ignore the trolls, most of us love and respect you.  (Remember to check out ketogenic diet w/doc and like this so I can quit saying it!)
Karen, educate yourself on McCain, he hasn't helped the vets, hasn't provided funds for our military, F35 program over budget and behind
John we really don't care what you have to say anymore!
We disagree. We do care.
Oh, & how's the weather?
OBAMCCAIN WE SUPPORT  PRESIDENT TRUMP
I hope you're doing well sir. I'm neither a republican no an Arizona resident but thank you for your service to the USA!
#ImpeachTrump. He is destroying our country one tweet,1EO,1policy change, 1 speech at a time.No more excuses 4 trump he IS INCOMPETENT!
Katz deli i met u there working. J.McCain a man of integrity. Pls tell ur cronies time to earn the votes they got that put them in offoce
bai bai bai ... hehe ...
u got puncked out last night Bcause you did it 1st. i saw a utube of a veteran scolding ur non veteran agenda. u answered,"why dont U run?"
@SenJohnMcCain after years of waiting and finally having a Republican President you stand in his way - that really HURTS @SenJohnMcCain
RESIGN so you can enjoy more sports.
John McCain, we are not proud of YOU! When are you retiring?
Resign traitor

yes.
#RETIRE
McCain, to bad Arizona isnt proud of you, traitor to the GOP and the American people, time for you to go,  respect your President!
Julian Assange- The @DNC & @GOP together are feeling the collective heat. The establishment is gasping for air.  DonaldTrump is winning.

Vote McCain and Jeff flake out
U are an enemy to Arizona. You are deliberately hurting its people! You should just resign if you are unable to do the right thing for once
U'v been in D.C. To long!  Our expectations were immediate repeal & replace.  U touted a plan in place a d ready to repeal and replace now.
our president needs to check out of the WH and check in to the Nuthouse, immediately! Please help !
Please resign, you have now become worthless,  I am so sad I voted for you as President.
NDAA?  I've see some shady things inserted in Defense spending but how'd you get Congress to authorize that one?  ;)  Best wishes, Senator.
#Arizona is still waiting for you to resign
Sore Loser McCain would rather FUCK OVER American Citizens, than work with President Trump.. Karma was qwik 2 show u she's in charge
When Trump shoots low you go high! That's a senator with dignity!
You and Petreaus are involved with selling our secrets to Pakistan. Imrans wife is still in VA. THE NOOSE IS LOOSE
God bless you Senator
We paid for you health care during your surgery and your treatment now.  You thanked us by giving a thumbs down.   Your no hero of mine.
Dear John,
The war machine is funded. 
Now, will you help American's by pushing the GOP away from insanity, please? 
Thanks for your service
ALSO, congrats! my bad. lol

His crying voice echoes in our ears till this day. 
Our hearts were with him every single moment until he got to the hospital. 
I don't always agree with you, sir, but you are TRUE class.
No, he has no class.

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
#GOPsilent #fireGorka
Sen. Blumenthal presses DOJ on investigation of Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka: "It's fundamental issue of trust" 
https://mobile.twitter.com/OmanReagan/status/896563796071731201 …
Putin is  with Nazis too. #GOPsilent #FireGorka
Christoph Hörstel, the leader of the German anti-Semitic party "Deutsche Mitte", visited Russia-annexed Crimea and met with Putin. 
No, u r the traitor, and divider. Claim to stand for republican issues but give brotger schumer ole swamp buddy pat siding against solution
#FireGorka #GOPsilent
There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka & Miller should go. 

Trump Adviser Gorka wearing nazi ally uniform-the nazi group says he swore lifetime oath-so a nazi's LITERALLY in the WH!

…
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Why isn't your name on this letter?!!? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
But! Thank you for your military service. Entire different topic!
. Why do you have to have this grip on power? No disrespect, but, why not be with ur fam at this time? It is very alarming
#Censure #CensureTrump
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Arizona  broke due from ur no vote to repeal Ocare. 166% increase! @realDonaldTrump #maga @swampcreatures @seanhannity @BigMuscleBabe
and now move to the MWC so we can have a balanced basketball schedule.
Please.
