who cares jerk!
I'm a life long Republican & even I wish you would just retire. Thank you for your service but your time has passed
R Ub4realMike? McCain represents real statesmanship!!!
yes I am.  Is that why he said "There's a 'crazy fat kid' running North Korea"? Seems Statesmen like
mandatory term limits. Senile old men and women are standing in the way of progress
John, it's time to go out to pasture; your time has come and gone.
It is time that you step down, everything you do is always against our @potus, either get on board or get out!
If anyone listens to you McCain they deserve the stupid answers you give. Do u recall the fake Russian phone call u got?
The way you have been sucking up to Liberals there's a very good chance Republican ppl will un-vote you next time!
yeah me for one!
Are you scared to go in person? Liberals luv you
Thank YOU for acknowledging that our nation deserves an independent bipartisan commission to investigate Russian ties.
RU avoiding face to face meetings so you can edit all the pro-ACA comments. Listen to the people. They vote too
send in the clown
Serious question: why would trump supporters NOT want to know if Russia is controlling our government?
that's pure stupidity in both your parts. Even thinking JohnMccain is normal is ur first mistake.
Don't bother.. bc of U we had incompetent obama in wh. bc U gave America 2a community agitator U ruined USA. Shame
--U must resign b4 we revolt. U have declared war on 70 mil GOP voters, 2 include Soldiers, calling us Russia spies. "Fascist"
don't matter, you don't do nothing but lie to the people to fill your own pocket, just like all politicians
Coward...won't be seen in public anymore!
With republicans like you, who needs democRATS, DEMCAIN?
Wish EVERY stste had you as their Senator!! Thx John McCain!!!
Yes! I really appreciated that and would like to see more of it.  Thanks!
DO THEY KNOW YOUR THE LEAK!!!
what values do the conservatives represent that you found in that traitor trash trying to Russianize USA?
don't watch this country drown. Please save us from this insanity!
It is not interesting and useless.
Stop trumpcare please
Thank you for being a true patriot. You owe loyalty to your country not to a man.
Great Town Meeting. Hope you continue these informative Q&A secessions. Evening time might be good for some.
....please vote NO on TRUMPCARE if it passes the house
I deleted my Facebook account because of monsters like you.
THE RAT IS CAUGHT: WH EXPOSES  McCain As Media Leak; Believes U.S. Senator Eavesdropped on Trump’s http://truepundit.com/exclusive-white-house-fingers-john-mccain-as-media-leak-believes-u-s-senator-eavesdropped-on-trumps-classified-phone/ …

@AZGOP @TEN_GOP Wouldn't waste my time.
tell me you know this was not enough! Your constituents have legitimate concerns. Town hall!
Buzz off, you exposed, flushed-out liberal. What a traitor you turned out to be.
Johnny, u choked like a dogg in 2008
I'm sure you back stabbed the president
Retire as you are too old for this job.
Regarding this trump Russia fiasco,a Republican should first think,What would Reagan do? He wouldn't support putin
I have such respect for you. Please do what is right for America and help remove DJT. He is a danger to this nation.
Term Limits!!!!
no thanks. You've changed so much over the years. I respect you but have lost respect for your new political stance
why. It go back to AZ meet with your constituents not select viewers.
Is our president a traitor? At what point does communicating with the Russians become a crime? Please get to the  truth!
And thank you for everything you have done for this country!
what? You're not a TV today ?
John McCain-New Age Democrat.
Sir, I'm a veteran and a centrist, I respect your position on bi-partisanship and immigration. Thank you.
he's one of the few GOP willing to cross the aisle. He can keep trashing that piece of Trumpster!!
. Senator McCain, just stay away from OUR PRESIDENT.,  time to go home...
Sir, our President is sick as hell and needs to go home.
you need to host your first and only retirement party. #borderlinehero #nowazero you are an embarrassment. #termlimits
Please let us know before you have one so we can join in
staff needs to make arrangements for 3 PM EST. Your constituents have lunch in Arizona at that time. More participation
supporters got played, sorry.... sucks but it's time to grow a set and put Country before party




Country over party; thank you for Sir!!! 
why don't u just change parties.
please explain why I should pay your health care when you want to cost me mine. People should refuse this burden
Your answer re Russian interference as not effecting outcome of election lacks logic. GOP canned line is insulting. #FAIL
@SenJohnMcCain
He said WHAT?
Chicken!

you should be investigated for posing as a republican while being a democrat, so sad
Did you continue to bad mouth the POTUS because you are still mad you lost or did you talk about some other country we need to invade?
.@SenJohnMcCain @facebook SHAME on you for your vote on #SJR18, Senator. For someone who knows pain & torture, your vote was deplorable!
enjoy your last term in office, unless you run as a democrat in New York or California .....
no thanks
Retire please you're undermining POTUS
Retire  RINO
announcing retirement is all I want to hear.
From earlier this morning your posted tweet Sen.John McCain , I'm glad everything went smoothly.
What about the grannies who don't do Facebook and want to get in your face for still carrying so much water for Trump administration?
Youre nuts he's antitrump
I'll watch if you stop Watching the Russians.
Dear Sir.I have a lot of concerns about the mental wellbeing of POTUS.With your experience,please investigate!
Many Republicans have concerns about John McCain's mental imbalance while he joins LIBS attack of POTUS!
