John McCain is a disgrace to US. 94% of Rep. Senators voted for HC bill, but McCain portends that he knows better! What a RINO. Sacrifices..
The welfare of the American pp,  bc he hates DT, bc DT insulted him, by saying he was only a hero bc got captured,...even though it was true
Granted, the truth always hurts the most, still a real man, a real hero would have done what the rest of Rep. Senators did & vote 4 HC bill

Traitor

Resign!  Allow someone else who will faithfully execute the will of the electorate & support @POTUS agenda. Resign now, please!
No
No he wasn't. He's a traitor and you're fake news.

It isn't shocking seeing you two in bed with each other.


Thank you, Senator McCain! I'm a 9 month cancer survivor. My panic about lifetime caps and pre-existing conditions is finally gone. Bless U!
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you for putting American's health care first.  #maverick

Какая мёрзкая лощёная рожа! Путин накажи его!
He was whipped by Obama in the election then embarrassed by "elections have consequences Obama made to him, yet is Savior of ACA, hero?
We hardly care what Carson Advisor says! You campaigned on a REPEAL and what we got was a broken promise. "We The People" will remember!  /4
Health ins does NOT equal healthcare! It doesn't matter how many ppl  have an ins card if a 10K deductible keeps them from needed care!
He was a coward and liar.  He campaigned for repeal and then let the people down.
Since you gave your WORD, you have become an enemy to AMERICA, HEALTHCARE & AMERICA’S PRESIDENT. Probably a free to Schumer.
He only blocked it to block President Trump
Y aren't u under VA instead ur better than our poor vets. Ur a shame to America
Why so more money can be made by fines of people who can't afford it
@SenJohnMcCain you were doing the Wright thing on health care Bill
McCain is a progressive in Republican cloak
He lied, he did not provide constituent representation he exercised an impulse based on his personal prejudice.  He was ELECTED to repeal.
I agree, the Senator knew it was a lousy bill and voted his conscience...not easy for some, but the guy has guts and principle...thanks
Reminder- this @POTUS @realDonaldTrump still hasn't signed #RussiaSanctions. I wonder why #TrumpRussia
How about focusing on something else? You Russia conspiracy nuts are tiresome. Let's all look at Russia while N Korea perfects their nukes!
You did NOT serve the will of the people. You were a child throwing a tantrum and you've disappointed millions of Americans. SHAME on you!
How can we expect politicians to fix anything when none of them live like the everyday American. They are the East coast Hollywood!
#McCainsRottenBrains
You weren't right to lie about it when you ran. Deceptive and dishonest. No integrity.
Was this decision his or George Soros who donated to his legacy program!
Sure, his pettiness results in a lie and a slap in the face to the people who put him in office.
Wrong. McCain cast vote out of his pride, selfishness, and jealousy. He sold people of USA down the river.  He has 0 loyalty for Americans.
You did the right thing
McCain you are a TRAITOR!
Do you use Obamacare?
No more illegal subsidies for congress!
John McCain hates Trump more than he loves America.
This idiot should have voted to repeal Odumbocare.
rhino self serving elitist not on obamacare doesn't care
Oh, yeah? Tell that to the couple that jumped off of their apartment building in New York because of Obamacare. It's so wonderful.
you lost me when you said the captive turn the table on the captor
#GoodbyeMcCain #RetireMcCain
-and who has him on payroll..
-Now we know his pragmatics..of spy-industry.
-Move to Africa..

Enjoy the premiums and high deductibles yep you won, isn't that what matters winning ?
A Ben Carson advisor who regularly appears on #cnn?  This is sad. You lied and betrayed your constituents.
Not on obamacare staff exempt doesn't give a crap
Were you right to go and laugh it up with the liberal dems afterwards? and say let's see trump Maga now haha! ur vote was about your ego
Fake news.... they aren't living under ACA   rules
The problem is McCain dose not feel the pain from Obamacare
Hello McCain to you from Vladimir Putin ha ha ha
Lets see how fast he changes his mind...
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/force-congress-use-obamacare …
#SocializedMedicine SUCKS!  DNC & @RNC PATRIOTS have DIED for USA & YOU can't #Speakout about #PoliticalSpying ? http://www.post-gazette.com/news/politics-nation/2017/07/31/Hillary-Clinton-lost-the-2016-election-but-some-Republicans-still-want-to-investigate-her-and-other-Obama-administration-officials/stories/201707310153 …
#vote2018 #vote2020
#democracy only succeeds if citizens care & nuture during its troubled challenges
Dude. Liberals agree with you. Now go away
@SenJohnMcCain
I applaud  @SenJohnMcCain for his no vote. Lets get back to regular order and reach across the aisle. Healthcare for all America.
If you're so right why are you looking for validation?
@SenJohnMcCain was a fool to reneged on his promise. He's a liar & traitor to Arizonans who voted for him based on his #RepealAndReplace ads
Actually, he kept his promise. He promised to repeal AND replace, not just repeal. But nice try!
Only a Trump hater would think his vote represented a promise kept. His vote was a dagger in the back. And he enjoyed it. #McCainTraitor
Love you @SenJohnMcCain ...you are my hero.
Lying McCain should resign.
Millions with no INS or coverage because of Obamacare failure.  Because of McCain there is nothing pending. His cancer treatment paid for.
Are you physically and mentally fit to be a Senator. Are you taking medications that  effecting your decissions? I think so. We're watching.
McCain is FAKE OPPOSITION!!
So billshit. Here is a prediction for Democrat McCain: Trump and Pence will get reelected in 2020. McCain, America doesn't want you anymore.
Then how do we survive the climate change in 2019?
McCain Right? I don't think so. He campaign on repealing Obamacare. He betrayed his promise & the American people. Shameful!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! You are a great leader
I don't think a 80 year old man should ever have a vote. Not to mention one with brain cancer. I loved grandma doesn't mean she was ok at 94
No he wasn't.  Wrong completely.  Show be voting for the FULL REPEAL
We dont care what this article says. You betrayed the American People. You are a coward and you lied when you ran last election.
War horse smoke weed everday until u feel better
Your legacy is one of hugging @SenFeinstein and laughing with @SenSchumer before your cowardly vote. You are the epitome of the swamp.
Thank you Senator McCain!
He's never right. He's an obstructionist.
He voted for repeal n replace in the past bec he knew Obama will veto it! and now he voted against it bec he knew Trump will sign it! Liar!
By the way McCain is no hero. He is a traitor & has always been a traitor!!!!!!
please retire
The article fails to mention how this shit was rammed down our throats with no Republican votes. Trump is trying to undo this injustice
Sir, very grateful to you for your courage and for reminding all Americans of our cherished ideals.

U are a sh..head lol true tho
Mc cain is a greedy coward because he wants that pot of $$$ from medicade for his state .  He dont care about the working man.
@SenJohnMcCain promised the American people to repeal!!  He lied.  Plain and simple.
No room for a change of heart to make a better decision? 
And like you care about lies if you support TRUMP
Judas McCain needs to register as a DUMBOCRAT of go back to his buddies in Hanoi
@SenJohnMcCain yes he was. He knows personally how important healthcare is especially when battling for your life.
But I'm a cancer survivor, I can't afford my premiums & I just wonder how @SenJohnMcCain would feel now if like me.  He's rich, sold us out.
sorry you are struggling. There is a fix if they work bipartisan to fix the areas they know need fixing. I wish you well
I agree with Roger Stone he is a piece of shit
Affordable Health Care needs work. However, stomping on the poor, disabled, elderly, is not the answer. We don't stomp on people in the USA.
No one stomoed.  No one except the Democrats that shut out EVERY Repub to come up with that sorry Obamacare plan
Prevented GOP from self inflicted wounds
NO ...He was wrong and he LIED to all ARIZONA PEOPLE.  Shall we play the old tapes???????
I think he was gping to vote for the bill, but had a change of heart. 
Trump-McConnells plans are not on the side of the angels.
U just don't plan to repeal laws regarding healthcare of the people WITHOUT a planned replacement.   A third grader could figure that out.
how dumb.  I say follow the money to find out why some of these politicians are selling us short.
@SenJohnMcCain RESIGN #MAGA
Never, nor should he. 1 of the best senators this country has ever seen. Virginian James maybe you should resign from life before you are
He's humbled me and made me rethink...lots of stuff.
#Jew have it coming .....
McCain did it for spite, putting personal petty grievance over country. Period.
He has the right to do it but it sure as hell wasn't right for the people who have to pass for it.  He's exempt and that sucks.
No you weren't right to block it.  Do the right thing.  people are suffering out there.  Work with the President.
No, he's a backstabbing traitor.
I know you must get a LOT of hate talk and called traitors! YOUR NOT! YOU HAVE GUTS! I get rude comments too being a Rep fed up with Trump!
take away that snake!
Revenge, that's all here. This is great, Trump is making these clowns uncomfortable. Drain the swamp!
You made the difference! The 3 Republican Senators who stood their ground have every right to be proud! I know you must get a LOT of>
You can take credit for the congress repercussions as well.
H** yea he was right! Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
More BS they write what you tell them! Or no Soros money!
 He was wrong not using his service revolver on himself, allowing his capture.  Pussy
Hes a hero not for escaping capture But by being saved by Political  goons like himself If he was some kind of great man he would have won08
The soldiers of today have no option. Once captured you lose your head.
It what any traitor and backstabber would do to show the middle class voters the finger.
They may call themselves #Republican but in their Heart, Mind &Soul Collins [R-ME] Murkowski [R-AK] Mccain [R-AZ] are certainly #democrats?
Hardly. Politics isn't binary.
sure now he can watch it fail
While I appreciate his sentiments, Armstrong Williams is still a douche bag
Not all republicans are wrong who call themselves right, McCain is proof, ok ?
& so were the 2 republican women senators, they had more 2 lose by their no vote.
And the rest of the R's were too blinded by partisan pettiness to vote down a plan devised in secret, that makes a bad situation worse. 
What do you think the ACA WAS?  Pass it to see what's in it.  Terrible one-sided nit one R vote.  It is pathetic
McCain is proof, that not all republicans are wrong, who call them selves right.
It's just sad that there's only 3 with any morals and conscience.
McCain might be getting the credit for sinking #Trumpcare but let's not forget...

Collins and Murkowski never wavered.
I mean he's only getting pregnant because of the order he went.
Not only has he betrayed us, he has done so smugly.
Every politician has betrayed us, left and right.
McCain saved the GOP.
Don't be fooled-McConnell probably begged him vote no. He's untouchable & free to do the "dirty" work.
Gamesmanship.
A great way to solve the health care issue...deprive all of Congress of their current health care and put them out there with everyone else.
Hill:  McCain showed his true UnAmerican colors by voting against Obamacare repeal!!!
He will always be remembered as UnAmerican!!!
Why said so ?
