What R U diverting from #SongBirdMcCain Release list o'500POW/MIA U sealed 2hide UR treason, C pics below. Sign #GrahamCassidy &go 2hell
McCain surely wants us to forget this.
Not a chance,keep holding traitor #HanoiJohn &his feet 2the fire until families of the 500r taken care off &he signs the #GrahamCassidyBill
Exactly!
it's not just about deaths if you listen, Navy isn't getting funds needed to upkeep their ships they're not safe what's POTUS going to do
GO AWAY!
You're a fine one to talk since you were responsible personally for loss of lives.
How was John McCain responsible for loss of lives???
There hasn't been much combat in a long time...
The lower income people liked affordable care more than high income people . Affordable care helped for the poor
All talk, no action!!! You are part of the swamp!!!
McLame & obozo's Navy

RT until the world knows the truth about #TraitorMcCain
Nixon pardoned him or he would have gone to prison
His records are finally unsealed 
John.... where have you been?
Thanks, you know the NRA is hoping you will die soon. Do all the good, everywhere, all the time, to everyone, in every way. 
Quit acting like you care when you won't take the Obamacare Tax off our people. It is better to pay $3,000 than pay for worthless Obamacare.
The TRUMP CARE GOOD FOR THE RICH People

What does that say about your committee oversight?
It's almost like you're killing civilians not soldiers 
Sorry but your father is a complete and utter embarrassment. His hatred for @potus is doing the country harm. He needs to resign.
Graham-Cassidy is reckless and cruel! Please don't let them take our care away! #VoteNo
Why is it this way. Thought you were in charge. What the hell have you been doing?
McCain you better vote NO on this HORRIBLE healthcare bill. WE ALL deserve healthcare not just rich white republican senators.
Bet he doesn't mention his accident
U caused THOUSANDS 2loose their livelihood #KeatingFive
Sign #GrahamCassidyBill 
U don't know how much time U hv before U face UR creator
Most of my family has served in every war! Thanks senator, for calling this out. Your a real human being!
How was your accident hushed up!
Sir, if you vote for that terrible health care, you are no longer my hero, a month ago you turned into one... please do it again... please
Think of the lives that will be lost if ACA taken away.  This includes vets and their families.
lady behind sn mccain seems disrespectful talking but why is ANYONE drinking hot coffee that close to anyone ?????????????????????
It can't continue. Our leadership needs to use us more humanely. Because we're humans. Also, the healthcare bill.
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Шакал!
How much blame do you take for letting your buddy obama gut the Military?
Go home and retire..we do not need or want you
Your followers continue to fall as you go against Americas grain! #restoration #maga
Please don't take health care away from millions of people who need it  Please come up with a real plan that works for everyone
Please vote no on new health care bill. More lives will be lost than in training accidents
Like your wet start on the forristal?
Please vote against Trumpcare, it is not in our best interest!
Right John! Agree totally! How do we stop this nonsense! Get smarter as a country! Get the wax out of the ears!
@LindseyGrahamSC says @SenJohnMcCain won't vote yes because he wants "bipartisanship" He's owned by Chuck Schumer? Wth?
Why?
Is it true you lost 5 airplanes in only 7 hours of flight?
If you don't vote no to the #CassidyGraham bill, and allow horrorcare 2 pass, history will always remember u did that. As will ur grandkids
Time to roll out the reverse engineered saucer fleet, and let the airforce take a breath. Have them materialize over North Korea, and end it
Yes! Let's start a war with Iran to fix that imbalance!
Well then, keep an eye on your boss because he's looking anxious to correct those stats by adding more combat fatalities.
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
How does that compare to the number of people dying due to not receiving adequate medical care?
Be thankful you've had excellent care. And think of it as you cast your vote.
And think of all the Americans that will be hurt financially and medically if this political crappy bill is passed without hearings. Shame.
Absolutely right. And citizens who could lose their lives in America if Graham-Cassidy is rammed through are watching you carefully, too.
If resources can help, by all means provide what is needed. Need to think about the loss of life if we hadn't trained hard.
Please vote no on the health plan many people's lives are at risk
Thanks to sequestration.  You passed a law slashing training dollars.  It's literally killing us.
This from a guy who crashed two jets before he even got to Viet Nam!
I think they derserve proper healthcare like ACA or single payer. That would protect veterans and their families.
Can we call the navy accidents that have happened in the last year a coincidence?
There is more to those Navy "accidents".
Actually that is very impressive that our enemies have done so poorly against us.
And the new Health Care bill will kill millions more than that. Where do you stand on that, Senator?
how many Americans killed by guns? When will Rs join fight to stop 12k gun deaths EVERY YEAR? Rs and NRA more effective than ISIS
Thanks Senator Obvious.  Any more brilliant nuggets of critical thinking and analysis to share?
A lot of us are disabled veterans due to training accidents. Combat vets are not the only ones affected for life by military service.
Why don't you roll over and retire already? We have had enough of you! 
RINO
Not just training-our equipment has been neglected for years/at least 8.
Not for nothing John, but are the people behind u paying any attention at all to what u are saying?? I mean, have a little respect people!!!
If you truly care about saving lives,  then you'll vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. Please! As a fellow cancer warrior, I beg you!
Maybe you should dedicate your short time left to taking away health insurance from millions of Americans?
Trumpcare bill screws Vets. So they are entirely screwed.
What about having no healthcare?
No!!!
No!!
NO!!!
End sequester... love how congress is showboating that which is the cause
Think of all the lives that will be taken if #GrahamCassidyNO passes. Thinking Americans are counting on you to do the right thing!
Say a traitor to our country!!!
Don't let people die without healthcare either! Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
My 20 year old is in the Army Nat. Guard. I agree with you, we need to reassess why these leaders are/aren't doing ,that is causing this.
Horrible news totaly unacceptable new leadership and safety policies put in place immediately The world & adverseries see this weakness BAD!
Yet you are going to vote for a healthcare bill that will kill tens of thousands of innocent (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1sq6qkb 
Deaths will be even higher for working class if Trumpcare 2.0 passes.  Fix existing law, call it Trumpcare. America wants decent healthcare
Yup. Face the fact that we cannot train people fast enough to fight 16-year-old wars while letting the soldiers retire in 20.
PLEASE VOTE NO on the new health care bill! PLEASE! not good for az'ns
@SenJohnMcCain no respect for the old man during his speech
Senator Mc Cain if you help kill ACA your legacy will be destroyed with the willing vote to kill millions desperate needing  health care
Please go with your gut; go with your conscience and vote NO on the horrendous Graham/Cassidy bill.
You should know crashing 3 planes and possibly causing unnecessary deaths. You should have been fired.
I agree with you that this is unacceptable. People willing to serve should not die senselessly. That’s also why we need to #SaveACA.
You are not a rabbi, you're female
Don't disappoint your constituents again. No single payer HC. No Obamacare. Vote yes this time.
As you said no single payer!...get this foundation in place and tweak it over time,none of this is set in stone...fingers crossed
@MelindaKCMO pushing blame to someone else for failure is bull shit. Get tough and hold people accountable!
You should go spend time with Hanoi Jane. If yr not helping R Pres moving his agendas forward, yr not worth t space U take up! RetireAlready
So ur pushing to send them back into combat so that our enemies can kill more of them and balance the numbers? Ur a fraud.
Kinda like the Forrestal. Huh John?
One Vote Johnie. Step down. Who cares what u r blabbing about.
Why R U still in office.  President Carter gave a  for what U did as a POW, U were a Trader. How in hell did U get Elected, get out
Why is no one listening to you Mr McCain? Talking behind your back, drinking coffee and tweeting. What a bad look!
Now the chance to come to a bi partisan agreement to help the ACA is   dead. As will be many, many of your constituents if this bill passes
But you have no problem killing people by taking away their healthcare?  You have no problem forcing assaulted teenagers to have babies?
SHUT OFF SEQUESTRATION DAM IT!!!, NO TRAINING, NO PARTS, NO NOTHING,, U FOOLS BEST DO YOUR DAM JOB OR MORE WILL BE UNPREPARED
And please vote no on ACA repeal. Our vets will lose their healthcare. So many vets have lost so much already.
We owe it to our brave men and women in uniform to fund them at an appropriate level. Thank you, Sen. McCain!!!!
And as usual you did nothing to prevent it.
And think of how many Americans will die if they lose their healthcare bc of pre-existing conditions. #ProtectOurCare
Then why did you agree to Obamas plan to cut the military budget?  Stop blaming...u were there!
Yet, you are reportedly supporting your buddy, Graham, healthcare Bill? Use the vets, then forget about them?
When does the next train leave for Arizona
@ABC @MarthaRaddatz 

Give this to your buddy Moran too!
@ABC @MarthaRaddatz 

Moran and YOU are NOT OPINION show hosts. 

You're suppose to deliver the news ... NOT your opinions!
What about health cate, Senator?
What about health care, Senator?
John you were there all 3 years and sat watched Obama do it. You have done enough damage. Go home.
Vote no Senator! This bill would not allow you to get insurance if you lost your job and would cap lifetime insurance if you kept it.
Don't let us down. Please vote no on trump 2 health care.
Stop grandstanding and do something instead of being an #EgotisticalAsshole
So who's fault is that? Who failed to appropriate sufficient funds to cover O&M and replacement costs? You're in charge of that Committee!
Tell those flunkies sitting behind you to shut up. Totally distracting.
Maybe should spend more time ops training rhan social issues training. Js
Then why did u & the others let BHO destroy the military the last 8 yrs? Please retire , go home to beautiful AZ
Go home John McCain, your days are over!  It's nice you can still read what your staff prepares!
All of this happened on Sen. McCain's watch.  I'm not sure what someone who finished 891 of &94 knows about the grey ship Navy.
@SenJohnMcCain Please save and improve our healthcare! There's no guarantee my state government will give it to me under GOP plan.
Where were you when Obama cut military budgets???
Please Senator McCain vote no on Graham's healthcare bill! Continue to be the true American hero that you are.
You are doing the best for America, stay blessed!
Please vote no and be true to your word about regular order and normalcy
You could not justify your dads vote so you left fox and went where your true friends are .Good riddance!!!
Vote no on the Graham/Cassidy bill. Continue your maverick legacy for All of America.
Yep we have to do better.. You remember the occurrence on your ship that killed 133 sailors.. So I'm sure you can relate..
But let's strip 1.75M vets of their healthcare by passing #GrahamCassidy ?!? That's totally cool?! You are no friend to our servicemen, John
Maybe they should take airplane driving lessons from YOU #songbird
John's right,  it should be the other way round.  Perpetual war.
Are you seeing a trend in these comments @SenJohnMcCain ? Support Vets & Americans. Get off the fence and block the evil #GrahamCassidyBill
You know what will take more lives #GrahamCassidy
Stanford Influenza Pandemic 1918.  2000 CDC Biological and Chemical Terrorism Strategic Plan.  Worse health care, insurance more die
What about suicides of our Veterans?
Protect our healthcare Senator!  Please vote no!
Are you worried about bioterrorism?  How many will die because of Graham idiotic health plan? Spanish flu killed millions
Do you want John McCain and integrity to become the oxymoron of the year
2014 Kenneth Kizer Restoring Trust in VA Health Care New England Journal of Medicine
VA health care better Bill Clinton, Kenneth Kizer.  Worse Bush, Republicans. 2007 Washington Post Walter Reed, VA hospitals
Senator McCain: As your constituent, I am asking you to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Please John our vets are counting on you to save Medicaid. Please vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill .
How many Veterans dead because of Congress incompetence dealing with VA?
Lot of money wasted on weapon systems and foreign military bases not need.
Blame Congress.  2010 Washington Post Sgt Giunta's Troubling Fight. Bush, Congress not care about soldiers
This is a serious issue, but not as serious as healthcare of tens of millions of Americans. Please show the leadership that you did in July
We must get on top of this   It is atrocious   Like the ship collision problem   Awful. What must be done to fix this ?
How about healthcare that your vote could harm even more than train wrecks if the Graham/Cassidy bill passes.
if you  care about saving lives then you must vote NO to Cassidy-Graham bill. Friendship aside
Stay out of the military's business. You have no credibility. Retire! Live off your pension.
OMG you need to go to bed and stay there McCain.  Your brain has now been eaten up and nothing left in your head but air.  #pathetic fool
You're so disconnected from what's top priority.....
If you vote for this new bill you will be responsible over the next hundred years for killing millions of people. You will be remembered.

ARIZONA VOTERS- Hearing calls to McCain's offices not high - he could be key!!! Please get everyone to make a call to call. #GrahamCassidy https://twitter.com/TheLoyalO/status/910142697297661952 …
Yep and we can train and fight wars via video games and no one gets killed. Training to kill can be just as dangerous as War. RETIRE Brutus
Helping military/veterans is great!!Please do not forget that many will lose healthcare if  #GrahamCassidy passes. Please vote no Maverick!
AND.....we need to make sure our Vets have GOOD, AFFORDABLE Health Ins......say " NO" 2 Graham bill 
which ends Medicaid expansion...
You know what also cannot continue, in that it takes away the ability of millions of vets who rely on Medicaid? Graham Cassidy. Just sayin
Push budget increase and more $$ for maintenance of the entire Navy fleet!
Yet you stood by under Obama watching him defund our military and degrade those heroes! YOU ARE SPINELESS ! HYPOCRITE
And, Trumpcare will take more lives than all the naval training accidents in the world. RIGHT THIS SHIP before it's too late!
So you supporting the latest version of Trump's DeathCare will help?
Says the POW whom was Number one on the treason list and just sold out every conservative that he represents.  @GOP @SenateGOP
Why haven't you been working on this in the last 8 years?
Stop, vote no on Trumpcare.
Nor can Graham-Cassidy. The numbers will be larger. Please vote no
Please, you have to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. What good is having a strong military if Americans die because they can't afford healthcare?
But where do you stand on Americans needing access to affordable healthcare?
How many lives will shitty GOP healthcare plan take?
