Why would I want to tune in to watch a liar tell lies on a network that perpetuates lies and employs liars?   

http://www.anonews.co/abc-news-fake 
You're discussing US policy with a reporter who cried when Hillary lost !!!
Let us guess. War, war, and more war. You hate Trump. You're smarter than everybody else. Oh and you love big gov. That should cover it.
What's it going to take to get a legitimate, independent investigation of Trump and Russia? What's happening now is nothing but a farce.
U r the biggest traitor ever in the history of traitors! U don't want 2 wrk with potus,or your own party. Why r u going on Martha raddatz?
Reminding people that John McCain because of his treasonous acts in Vietnam cost the lives of many airmen .
What about Clinton and Bush no one innocent
All Clintons are crooks. Just a matter time before she goes to jail.
his administration has a moral responsibility for the genocide in Syria. he tricked&abandoned the Syrian people to axes of evil
im a az voter and hope az repub dont fall for same shit that junior mccain jeff flake is going to feed you make an example out of flake
We have US policy? I didn't know we even had a State Department any more!
McCain is relishing the attention of the lapdog media after 8 years under obama's desk
Trump's policies are causing rise in civilian deaths. Pentagon needs to tread with more care or make more ISIS sympathizers.
NewsFlash: you don't set US Foriegn Policy. @ArizonaVETS your VA ranked worst in US. Fixit.
Russia is not our friend, cannot be trusted, & is interfering in our govt. Keep asking questions
Whybyou always on the #fake news channel
Because Sen McCain is not afraid to be fair to everyone. He puts America First, not his party, the way it should be.
What ever koolaid tasting funny.  McCain is the swamp monster
Russian penalty?huh? Britain and Germany dependent on Russian oil/gas.  Japan holds most US debt.
Tell us abt Arms Sales from Balkins to incl. Montenegro to Syria! Expl Why U Told Ukraine Military we would go 2 War W/Russia on 1/1/ 2017!
McCain is nothing but a Traitor and needs to be sent packing
LOVES TO BE AT HOME WIT DIS SUBVERSIVE TOO>WHUT DID YOU DO IN DA WAR? TURNCOAT?
Not a republican at all but I do think senator McCain has foresight and is speaking out
@SenJohnMcCain Darn! I thought you'd talk abt UR Ties w/ Russia & Oleg Deripaska! Why did U asked Russ. Gov't for a Campaign Donations?
I still wholly believe you should resign
John, pls stop using drugs which are already invalid
It is shameful watching you stumble around with that arthritic body making a fool out of yourself on CNN and MSNBC and ABC NBS and... CVS 
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
@SenJohnMcCain  why are you always on the liberal talk shows? Maybe you should become a Democrat or better yet #retire
My husband said he is a democrat,he just hasn't told anybody yet. He is a traitor to his own party & potus
Please do not let up on Russia!
I don't always agree with your politics, but am proud of your service & leadership in standing up to Trump. Need more Republs with ethics
why dont you just switch sides and get it over with once a trader always a trader.az rep. not much better always falling for your shit.
@JeffFlake  America deserves Independent Inquiry into #Trumprussia
It is alarming to have a Russian sympathizer in our WH! His refusal to admonish Putin's atrocities against us & his people is traitorous!
Glad you're talking about Russia, but you must do more. Someone from the Republicans has to lead the charge to stop the Trump atrocities.
Who cares what you think
Stop undermining @DevinNunes as he tries to investigate #leaks from the #deepstate. We know you hate @POTUS but put country first!!
Seriously, there are so many issues within our Country! This is how @SenJohnMcCain wants to spend his time! Time to "RETIRE"!
Hey McCain you are not sec state or @POTUS . Should be working on Gorsuch, Health, Tax. Cmon who do u think u are. RETIRE.
WHY ARE WE FUNDING AL NURSA!! ??
MOAR WAR
More softball questions for Johnny Wet Start? #dumpmccain
Shut up..
One thing Rs should consider--We know Russian bots were working for 3 years influencing US election. Did it also affect R pres nomination?
That figures traitor McCain on left wing media catering to his democrat party again
What gives you the right to talk foreign policy. You are not sec of state nor president. Swamp dweller
Think you can solicit some of those Trump tears from her, maybe we can see both of you whine on national tv
Please, stop discussing this.  It needs to be investigated and dealt with swiftly.  Russia must be put back on their heels & Trump removed
WHY DOES THIS SENATOR ON LOONY MEDIA?? ALL THEY SAY IS FAKE NEWS?/
Blue or red coat today Johnny?
McCain you are NOT POTUS.  Stop trying to undermine your own GOP.  No one cares what u say.  Backstabber!
Don't you realize the only reason you are asked on these radical liberal shows are because you are a traitor to your party.
What about our southern border and especially in Arizona - what is your policy? Problem you do not have one!
Yes regimen change has done so well in the past you insane warmonger let's keep doing it
Why is Trump trying to team us up with Assad and Putin? War criminals dictators. Please stop this.
YOU GOING TO Sell US Out AGAIN & AGAIN.We have a flawed Messenger but at least we're getting the Message. HELP US or RETIRE
He has principal stand against tyranny in Syria and Iran and this is a huge plus for him
The President must never trust McCain & Graham. They are working with Democrats to destroy him. Notice he always appears on Dem networks.
Good Sunday Morning The McCain Family; Sen. John McCain
Be our Hero! Stand up Please!
Chemical weapons used against by the war criminal Assad targeting hospitals killing arthopedic  sergeant Ali Darwich & patient north of Hama
Are you really a Republican? Its hard to tell anymore, you need to step aside!
& Oh boy were my, arms are tied.
We lost original inter-nation sciences's forced trick fact treatment breaching fronts, agencies w delusions regardi colonization org crime
ABC = too fake for me
Take out the name Russia when u speak, and it sounds just like the USA and OUR foreign policy you're talking about.  IJS
Pls stand up 4 ur own party.
Flat out lies. Cold War. Sounds like Trump is part of this recipe.
I think Senator John McCain is adorable for some reason. His low calm voice is sincere
That's confidence and compassion you sense.  Pretty cool huh? And rare
Yessss!!  You are 100% right!!
McCain part of the problem. Runs as a conservative governs life a corrupt Democrat. Please retire
Don't lie like you usually do . . and don't let Martha give you her false narrative that you fall for everytime!
BLIND LEADING THE BLIND
Traitor
