Very sad news, my heart breaks for their loved ones.
@SenJohnMcCain  I respect you,  just think millions of Americans are relying on your vote, please let's not pay roulette with our health.

Why didn't you use the VA, hypocrisy much?
Climate Change hits home!
Trump HAD to say something nice about you and he could only come up with #crustyvoice. #thebestwords
Very sad 
John, please don't vote for this healthcare bill.  It WILL result in thousands of deaths.  You are better than that.  83% of Americans agree
More like millions
Our love and prayers to all!
Truly amazing how quickly this stuff happens. I hope people don't blame the victims. Lots of warm thoughts here.

"I'm begging, Senator Heller" - This woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
heard ur ill let me tell u health care is a right for all humans u do not have the right to take any humans health care away ur a rat
Maybe you can get your murderous party to stop making these tragic events more common.  Support a carbon tax.
GOP is wishing you a speedy recovery, because they want you to vote to rip healthcare away from 22 mil. It's a shame you aren't a maverick!
Sincerely praying.
GOD WILL DEAl with them.
*
Thanks for your concern, senator. But I'm worried about you. Wishing you a quick recovery
Senator best wishes on your recovery our thoughts and prayers for your recovery
Here's how DISCONNECTED SEN JOHN MCCAIN IS.He has no clue that Yavapai County is experiencing on going Flash Flood https://www.dcourier.com/photos/2017/jul/20/984943376/ …
You don't care about the lives lost to Islamic terrorists you funded and helped so why should I believe you care about anyone period?
Clmate Change hits home. They deserve what they voted for.
Senator MCCain at least you said something TRUMP HAS ONLY TWEETS FOR HIS FAMILY

Wishing a quick recovery. We need a great moderate voice in Senate. Please vote no on healthcare bill. My mother has Alzheimer's.
Maybe McCain shouldn't have voted in favor of climate change denier Pruitt.  Pays your money, takes your chances:
Believe or don't believe. Climate change IS! And it will bite us all in our collective ass if we don't act NOW!
John, prayers to you & family. I am appalled at toxic #45 cult who have said ugly things about you GID WILL
Pray for yourself as no one else is
You need to get back to Washington get the votes to pass the better care bill it is vital and will get the American health care on track
Please get better soon. Puppy waggles. My thoughts are with you and your family, and I'll try not to shed on you.
Hows the goverment health care doing for you?
Democrat here. Praying for your complete and speedy recovery. We NEED you!!
Get better soon Senator.
Senator, praying complete recovery and longevity. Good health. Don't forget to relax,enjoy a bit of warm tea. You have earned it. M.T. Faulk
John, You don't give a shit about the people and you suck as a senator.. Just decompose already..
SENATOR IT IS A TRAGEDY ANY LOSS OF LIFE IS BAD !BUT FROM EXPERIENCE I KNOW THERE IS A HEAVEN! AND AN AFTERLIFE!
I am hoping that your eye surgery will be an awakening experience for you regarding health care and the right to have it for all Americans.
Our citizens need affordable healthcare just like you have. Vote no on the AHC Act.
Praying for fast recovery.  Why didn’t he use the Veterans Hospital?
REPUBLICANS WIN ALL 5 SPECIAL ELECTIONS, PROVING AMERICANS ACROSS COUNTRY SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND REJECT DEMOCRATS AND FAKE NEWS LIES.
McCain is a  RINO should declare for the Democrat. He says he is a conservative which we all know is a lie. But did you know about Hillary?
No matter what the devils push you to do, do the RIGHT thing! Everyone deserves healthcare. Get well soon, Sir!
Wishing you a full and speedy recovery. And thank you again for your service to America.
Get well Senator. Please fight this sad health care bill; don't be a part of this distruction. Vote for people not party.
1st thing we learned - stay out of arroyos and such -

Our prayers are with you Senator. Speedy recovery!
Do your job repeal and replace ObamaCrap  or  go back to mommy
Please try to rest and let your body recover. Sorry for the poor drowning victims.  Need 2 save health care.
Oh my goodness!! This is just awful!!
Prayers for you as well.  Thank you for your long and honorable service.
I hope there's a lawsuit against the state officials 40 foot flash floods is very serious I wonder how many times this happened already
Wow I am shocked at the response to this story. Maybe 5% read it. Very sad. I am reminded of the Narrows in Zion. Prayers to the loved ones
Didn't u die on the operating table ?jeezzzzzus , go away .U really are the devil ,not even the Viet Cong can stop u ,let alone a blood clot
Heal up Sir. Don't agree with you much, but you have my respect. Is government healthcare you have had for life is good enough for all?
And I'm praying for yr prompt recovery after yr surgery. Please vote against the new bill taking medicaid away from us. Thanks.
I hope you get well soon senator McCain. We might be on the opposite sides, but I have respect for you.
Heartbreaking. Prayers for the family of this gut wrenching tragedy. 
You care for Arizonans?  Then be a man, stand up to McConnell and Trump and vote against this healthcare bill. Be more than a sound bite.
#prayers #blessings #hero
Hope they can get health care....you know, like you just did!
Praying doesn't help the victims government should cover damages for victims of disasters in USA Instead of giving are money to foreign land
Sir, good wishes to your recovery.  How lucky you are to have insurance that allows you to avoid a stroke. Trumpcare denies that. Vote No
In  hospital bed you havetime to think of AZ citizens? In DC all you talk about is Russians. Support the POTUS
Wishing you a speedy recovery senator,,  all the best,
OH, BTW, there is NO global warming. Of course not. (What happened to you?? Have you lost your mind?? Really?? Enjoy your own healthcare.)
You were known as"maverick";You know that partisanship is bad 4 the USA; we all know this bill is bad 4 Americans.
Sen McCain, hope you get well soon, more than Arizona cares about you!
Hope you recover. GLAD you had health insurance. Stunned you will come back to vote for millions to lose their insurance, you damn hypocrite
Sen. McCain, I am a constituent of yours and I want you to reconsider voting for this horrible healthcare bill. We deserve better.
PLEASE don't vote for the suffering & death sentences of millions of human beings 
How is your insurance coverage John?Americans r not asking for free coverage like yours but good coverage at affordable price for all. 1st
McCain does NOT care. He is a HAS. Screw the HAVE NOTS. What makes anyone think the Republicans care one bit about we peasants?????
Flash floods are no joke in the desert. Please be safe, and I hope the family and friends of those lost will be ok. Feel better soon McCain!
Pray for them, but if they survive and become disabled, take away their medicaid and put them on the streets.
Convalesce senator then do the right thing.
Prayers
Hypocrite. Americans pay for your health care - why go to Mayo when you could have gone VA? Why do YOU get gold plating when we get rust?
What do you care? Cutting funding for climate research and flood insurance programs makes you look ignorant.
Godspeed in getting back on your feet. I don't always agree with you, but you are a true hero. Pls don't let this health care bill go thru.
Take care and get well soon Senator. Thank you for your service.
My prayers go out to the families of this tragedy.
Hope you're doing well Senator McCain!
Luckily Trump has appointed heads to NOAA and FEMA so this can be dealt with swiftly and effectively... oh.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@SenatorCollins to @ThisWeekABC: GOP health care bill "would make sweeping and deep cuts in the Medicaid program." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
@ABCPolitics @SenatorCollins @ThisWeekABC I LVE Senator Collins. Thank God! We need more LEADERS with HEARTS!
Heard you are weathering an operation, John. Rest old boy. Get well. Despite our differences, you're still one of us - a Viet Nam Vet.
oo good morning glad to see you tweeting! (maybe a staffer) I hope you are feeling chipper!
Joe: Mika out of fake news! Mika: call C Todd! Joe: I did! Mika: Call Tapper! Joe: I did! Mika: Call Rachel! Joe: I did. Mika: Call J McCain
Praying for you-get well soon!
Praying won't help. Money might help.
At least happening while healthcare available, wait for next time when you have ripped it away from people. Enjoying your recovery?
McCain is the worst kind of hypocrite. He is such a maverick, he left his courage in the jungles of Vietnam. Sad!
Glad you went to the doctor! Now that your home please think long and hard about how important health insurance is and vote no.
Give it a rest whacko birds. There will be time to let McCain have it after he recuperates.
our prayers are with you for a speedy recovery when you return please vote no on the healthcare program
We are praying for your speedy full recovery sir
I am praying that you will finally do something positive for Trump and the GOP rather than supporting lowlife democrats.
go to work!
You use that healthcare you give yourself in Congress so you can quickly get back to work and take away healthcare from poor Americans #MAGA
Hopefully, or just let Obamacare die.
Ну что  сучонок ы американский, пока коней не задвинул? Скоро ты дуба дашь петух аризонский?
Dear Sir: Sending prayers for your speedy recovery. Please remember all those who won't have the same care if BCRA passes! Millions will die
If you believe that then you really are sick and need some real healthcare, not Obamacare.
Hope you are feeling better!
It seems that Chinese hoax is kinda wet.
You're an honorable person! Btw, did Trump wish you a speedy recovery or did he ignore you?
Get well Senator @SenJohnMcCain
Budgets should be founded on need, not glitter. Take care of the people: infrastructure: defense-inthatorder. SupportFEMA &emerge/disaster .
@FBIPhoenix please open felony public corruption investigation into @SenJohnMcCain handling of this issue.
And hopefully the injured are covered by Obamacare. They won't have cover under McConnell's bodged proposals.
But he really doesn't.  He talks a good game, gives sound bites, then votes right along the party line no matter the impact on Arizonans.
Hope you are feeling better , Senator , you are a trooper !
Senator McCain, glad that the surg. Went well. I am also praying the President's props. Do not go thru. Start an American party4 Americans.
Praying for Arizona. Stay safe everyone.
Wishes for a speedy recovery Senator.
Get well soon
Have the same compassion for working poor on Medicaid you do for vets. Can you imagine going through what you just did with no healthcare?
His healthcare is far better than Obamacare, he would not have that sh.t plan.
How u feeling dude ?
Glad you are recovering! Please don't let Senate take away Medicaid for millions of poor people that need healthcare too!
Listen2them.@senjohnMcCain, care for people, vote no, start from scratch/ build the base- take care of the people, stop this party business.
Please don't vote for the terrible Senate Health Non-Care death sentence.
Yes, let Obamacare fail and don't replace or fix it, let free market take care of the problem, not the government.
That worked so well before. You are basically telling poor people that they aren't worth being alive. Morally bankrupt you are.
Democrats are the party with no morals, no ethics and certainly no common sense.
That's cute that you think that.
Get better John - We need you in DC.
Get well soon Sir,we wish you all the best.
Ask we pray for your quick recovery Senator.....take it easy and get well.
Read about this this am prayers for all
Can't keep Obamacare, it does not work but for a few people, not worth fixing, will fail if left alone.
