Is that the one all the sailors were killed on?
John , you think the attack in the UK was Russian?
McCain, disgrace to this country.
we need term limits
AMEN! 
Also eliminate the positions of "career" politician, & lobbyists. Elected politicians should be the only people able to write bills!
Thank you for your service sir.
Please don't forget, nobody is above the law. Not a single Trump. America demands answers. The election was rigged. Loyalty to Russia notUSA
How was the election rigged, maybe u just don't know what the %*#~ your talking about. Sounds like a typical cu~tcap snowflake
Surprised they let your traitor ass on the ship.
 # Veterans for McCain recall.
@SenJohnMcCain - Stop your involvement in pretending to represent ppl.  You are MIC tool - #termlimits
Did you get a souvenir from the USS Forrestal that you lit?
After you caused 168 deaths on the USS Forrestal & transferred quickly to Orinskany only because YOUR father was a 4 Star Admiral.
Sen McCain. You were honored by receiving a port hole fro the "O" Boat as we called it in 67'. Wish I had anything from the "Tico"
God Bless
yes, thank you and please retire.  I voted for you. You lost. I voted for Trump. Back your party or leave
Would be better to receive a piece of the Forrestal burned deck!  A traitor should never receive an honor!  Go to AZ!
Traitor
Deserta
where is your courage now sir?  You know trump and cabinet are not good for our country
#vietnam should not have happened;Napalm is evil;the conflict was a waste, as we didn't even grab all their women as we left.
Be careful. trump might take it away since you were just a lowly American POW @SenJohnMcCain
.@CNN .@SenJohnMcCain hasn't said anything about how Seth was assassinated for giving.@wikileaks the DNC emails No SP to investigate that
See this everyone
A well-deserved honour in celebration of past service. The time has come again for you to make a difference & stand up for your country.
Time to change your diapers Senator. We all at awe at your heroic performance in Vietnam, particularly the prison part.
Maybe you should share it with Hanoi Jane since she's a traitor to the U S and your one to the GOP
Is it just me, or does port hole sound kind of dirty?
Was that before or after you blew up the USS Forrestal?
You earned it , no disputing that. I don't agree with your ideas but I respect you more than any Republican.
Please stop ringing your own bell and fix the mess we have in the WHITE House sir!
Sometimes we need to deal with the present. We don't have time your nostalgia trips today.  Giddy up Mustang
It was a thank you for not trying to sink it.
Port hole for an ASS , Good match
They should have read about you first, court marshalled would have been jistifiable.
take the haters with a grain of salt sir. They know they would vote for you over dip shit anyday of the week
congratulations from a democrat tremendous honor and thank you for your service
Traitor
Traitor, songbird, puppet
.@CNN .@nytimes @musclegray John & Chuck should B asking 2 investigate in2 Seth's assassination an American hero 4 bravery to expose the DNC
.@CNN .@nytimes Wouldn't U figure that John & Chuck would B demanding that the FBI & Mueller to investigate Seth's assassination?
.@CNN .@nytimes We know with absolute certainty that Seth leaked to.@wikileaks Mueller has to investigate his assassination
That's anazing, well deserved.
.@CNN .@nytimes O said Russia hacked the DNC They refused the FBI from looking at their systems Only 1 way 4 him 2 say that is O hacked them
You shake when you talk, it's time to  retire
.@CNN .@nytimes John & Chuck are calling Clapper a liar John knows more than Clapper obviously
It's an HONOR you don't deserve! You betrayed our country, NOW you betray us AGAIN! STOP attacking our @POTUS ! NO CRIME COMMITTED BY HIM!
.@CNN .@nytimes How did Obama know the DNC was hacked if they refused Comey from looking into their main frame unless he hacked them
It is *our* honor, sir.
.@CNN .@SenJohnMcCain hasn't said anything how Obama interfered with the Fast & Furious investigation Water Gate??
.@CNN .@SenJohnMcCain hasn't said anything how Obama stopped the FBI from investigating Seth's assassination
Mr senator do your job stay out the media agenda !!
.@CNN The man who called the leader of ISIS Baghdadi brave wants to talk about the.@POTUS He hired killers to start the war in Syria
What's the difference if someone is proud of being gifted the knife, which cut the throat of an Am citizen?
Sir what about the murder of Seth Rich? Can't u c how left is covering this story up.. Very strange. What about that sir?
SenJohn, have you ever  applied practically chemistry weapon in Vietnam?
have you ever apologized to the countrymen you betrayed in Vietnam?
that's a pretty brilliant tribute!  (my father commanded a ship called the 8-Ball in WW2 & he would have loved a piece of that vessel!)
JOHN what is "the public" supposed to think of an FBI director that was PROTECTING Lynch & Obama??? He's a #NUTJOB
Sen. McCain for so many years u stood for something. STOP #GOP from slow walking #Trumprussia investigation. Help US believe in you again.
Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
So happy for you Sir. We do remember.  Tears and love
Get over it . They're telling you to retire.
Congratulations
That is so cool!  You deserve every honor our country can bestow for your patriotism.  God Bless You Always. #SWMO7th
How many airman lost their lives because of your treasonous actions in Vietnam that were on the Oriskany? #traitor #songbird
?????? Document???(
A worthy honor; a heartening remembrance. Thank you for your service, and, criticisms of @realDonaldTrump notwithstanding, your sacrifice.
I couldn't agree more.
While I may not always agree with Sen. McCain, his statesmanship and patriotism are beyond reproach.
When is the investigation on u going to start Senator McCain?
We'd be honored if you would just resign.
Great American!
20yr vet ashamed of @DJT @VP @GOP @FoxNews you pit American against American spread lies support treason You embody all I fought against
Who cares?
that's probably all that's left of it right John
Do you like your patriot status? Your reputation is beginning to crumble. You have a foreign agent in the WH? What are you doing abut it?
Thank you for your service, Senator.
Good Monday, Sen. John McCain; Armed Services Comm. (Chairman)
ยก Congratulations John...  @VP @marcorubio ....
Thank you for speaking out against the Russians being in the White House. Have a good week.
Russians in the WH ...ROTF !!
We are honored by your service, thank you.
Congrats! A true honor that you deserve. Thank you for your service!
and Thank You for your service, sir!...
