Did u know that by reversing river protection acts u don't just affect areas corp. work in but every ecosystem  that river winds thru. 
#FunFact McCain had dinner w/ Trump, his wife Cindy is being considered for State Dept. job & now his timeline is all scenic postcards
oh crap, we lost another one.  Every time Trump tells someone to meet with him, we lose that person.  Same thing happened with Burr.
While I appreciate the lovely geological information, I do hope you are giving a lot of thought to a more pressing concern.
Did you know? Your wife is bring sworn in by president Trump as a government official so your indeed bought & paid for too?  @SenJohnMcCain
If you don't stand up for America Russia may win
Hey McCain your dem fans are calling on you to be a RINO again, I know how you hate to disappoint them.PS How does it feel to take a bribe?
Did you know that the US is going through hard times and you want to play trivia pursuit?  Really?
Your wife doesn't need a Ttump job that much does she?  The people need you to be a patriot. Put country over party. Democracy in jeopardy!
Sedona red rock is spectacularly beautiful due to a thin surface coating of iron oxide-like the current congressional cover up.
Lovely photo. Does that mean you are *for* the protections of the EPA? Also, who on your team is in charge of impeaching The Donald?
From HuffPost: “All of it is crazy and not sustainable, and the country can’t take it 24-7. ... It’s like Nixon with an open mic..."
Do something about the criminal in the White House!You must put your country before your party immediately.Why are you loyal to him. Impeach
The hands of the Senate will be red with blood of democracy if they don't stand up to the illegitimate POTUS
But sir what's the plan to save us from Trump?
Did you know: Nero fiddled while Rome burned.
Did you know our so-called president intends to dismantle our national parks to open them up for extraction of natural resources?
Senator, why aren't you focusing on Trump's collusion with Russia to undermine USA democracy?  Wake up, this is a CRISIS! Show your honor!
did you know that @realDonaldTrump is a threat to our democracy and anyone who doesn't stand against him is complicit.
One of my favorite places to hike.
Lived in Cottonwood back in the 1950's and hiked all over Sedona. It is not what it used to be.
Did you know American people are begging GOP to WAKE UP & put people over party & deal with POTUS
beautiful until @realDonaldTrump opens national parks for mining and dredging soil for minerals
Did you know that we have a criminal buffoon in The White House who you should be investigating?
Sedona is one of the most beautiful places to go!
Did You Know:

The US president just obstructed a criminal investigation into Russian election interference by firing the lead investigator?
just imagine the Trump tower to highlight the beauty of Sedona AZ
@POTUS Did you know that Vladimir Putin had our potus' testicles as collateral? And, holds our country's democracy as well!End this!Impeach!
Did you know Trump is killing democracy while you sit idly by & do NOTHING? No? Cuz WE know!! U may b our only hope. Help us! SHAME!!
Az is a beautiful state. I have been there many times. The only real down side is that you are their senator.They should correct that & soon
Really?  I think there are more important things going on Senator McCain.  Please step up and be heard, all of you #Republicans #Comey
So when is he going to defend the National monuments?

I have family that lives in southern AZ. Beautiful state. They are upset that their sen talks of being concerned but votes the party line
Trump didn't know. He just discovered it.
I admire and respect you Senator, but for the love of God get Trump out. And yes, Arizona is fantastic. #LetsSeeAz #bethehero
WATERGATE
i used to love to drive up schnebly road. it was the best view of the rocks. then you came out into a forest and sometimes there were cows
Hey Senator Maverick. How long are you and your party going to keep a paranoid madman in the WH. Do something besides talk for once.
Senator, what are you and other Republicans doing about this treasonous incompetent Potus?!? 
Investigate! Impeach!
Did you know:
That you can cement your place in history as an American Hero by putting country before party? #BeAMaverick
Aww... that's nice. Did you know America is an international joke due to the stream of lies and corruption at the White House? Sorry.
Are you aware of the presidents order to stop protecting national monuments?
Any tweet on any subject other than #trumprussia is pointless
Did you know that loyalty for a madman over your country is outrageous and will define your legacy.
One of the most beautiful places on earth.  Have been there many times, but could always go again.
yes sedona is beautiful
Did you know the EPA is drooling over potential strip-mining of the Red Rocks. Maybe there's coal, too!
Good John, stick with science ..
Did you know we need an independent investigation for the sake of our country.
Reallt? No kidding? That's the most important thing to share with your constituents? I have an idea what about the psychopath in the WH?
Yes.  Sedona is lovely.  I'm more concerned with GOP leadership being in lockstep with an authoritarian bent POTUS.  Buh-bye Democracy.
So you're totally cool with Russia taking over the country?
Such a beautiful city!  Would love to go back. 
My wife and I love visiting Arizona during Canadian winter months.
Seriously?  You're not concerned about the lunatic in the WH?  #independentProsecutor
No such thing as a Schnebly Hill formation. That hill is near Flagstaff! Re-writing history for Muslims now John?
What is the reason for ROCK-HEAD Senators ?
With all due respect, I don't care what rocks are made of while there's a madman in the Oval Office.
primus is a good show dont miss it
Trump would eagerly raze it down to erect a tacky Trump business in a heartbeat #TrumpGOP
Srsly? The WH is burning down and this is what you tweet. Take some responsibility and show some leadership.
My thoughts exactly. How pathetic. Anyone who keeps pretending this isn't an urgent matter is absolutely pathetic.
And Trump is orange because the yellow of his cowardice in blaming others for his actions are covered not with Sedona but Russian red.
This is cool and all, but why won't you put party before country now, like you have in the past?
Maybe Trump blackmailed him too?
Neat. Now please go do something about Trump while there's still a chance.
So you're saying it won't be as profitable as the coal mines elsewhere but still going up for sale in one way or another?
That's nice. When are you going to do something about Trump?
I'm on my way to Sherwin Williams to request 8 cans of Schnebly Red.
Did you know that a lot of senators in red districts are elected because of the thick layers of lies they tell in order to get votes?
Named after the Schnebly Indian tribe.
Sedona red is patriotic. Is GOP red patriotic? #IndependentInvestigationNow #impeachTrumpnow
Trump will take park status away in no time. How long before you GOP start voting for country rather than party? Before Trump destroys us?
What?  Turn on then news please.
Help us Obiwan!  You are our only hope!
We need you to keep being the man of integrity who puts country before party.  The GOP has sold their soul. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Senator, in every public forum your supporters and opponents alike have major questions. You need to start answering to some of them.
Did You Know, @realDonaldTrump has lost his mind?
Did you know: we expect more of you
As much as I love the state of my birth @SenMcCain  I am in fear of our Country's well being... PLEASE save our democracy.....thank you
I love Sedona and am a resident of AZ, but we have a treasonous President leading USA. Country before Rep Agenda B A LEADER
You help get rid of CheetoMussolini and I'll spend a week there and bring the family.

Fair trade?
Lol
Please gather the good men and women in both parties together and restore respect and integrity to the office of the presidency.
Yeah we know that. Did you know that you need to do something to save our country other than post fun facts on twitter?
Can't he do both? I like fun facts lol
Did you know: The Red state of Arizona is about to turn Blue while you allow the WH to turn fascist? Pay attention. You too, @JeffFlake.
says the bot with 4 followers... sigh. @SenJohnMcCain this needs to stop. Now. We are literally being occupied.
please investigate the @potus ties to Russia
Sedona is memories of family road trips

#nostalgia 
#OakCreekCanyon
Hey John, are you aware that we're in the middle of a constitutional crisis?
your head is a rock...
Thank you science for that fun fact
Future Chevron fracking site, coming Summer 2018.
its gonna be a different place when trump allows a oil derrick in the national parks.
Did you know, you have a duty to your country right now?
Did you know that our democracy is at risk because republicans, such as yourself, are failing to act to combat blatant corruption?
Interesting. For your next "did you know" post, can you answer why our President is orange?
When does the drilling start?
Did you know that the president is the biggest security risk to this country and you are not doing a thing about it!
Did you know the president is red (would be a more clever way of saying it)
I have to keep it simple for these guys.
Let's protect our environment!! Stop this madman!!
##ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Senator McCain, you are our only hope. Please help our democracy stay in tact. I'm begging you.
Come on man.  The president fired the goddam director of the FBI to shutdown the Russia investigation, and you're talking about rocks.
Could not have said it better. Wish I could re- re- tweet
I did not know that...Cool!
Did you know: Our democracy is at risk.  Wake the fuck up, John.
