Do your job and you won't have to worry .... Trump's agenda has a TON of commons sense to it , it is just simple OBVIOUS COMMON SENSE
John McCain I would like to thank you for making me see what a joke the GOP Senate is. You and your ilk don’t work for us, you work for U.
Don't you realize this Nation is flooded by drugs and criminals from Mexico ?? Do you guys not get that ??(yes I know many are good ppl)
Must Read: "New Evidence Shows McCain Helped Fund FBI Plot to Frame Trump"
This convo wouldn’t be happening if @GOP, sp @SenJohnMcCain, followed through on years of promises. That failure caused this frustration.
Fails to recognize the permanent damage the left and the complicit republicans are inflicting on our country
#opbot
McCain you despicable low life: resign and spend your remaining days making up for your career of selling out Americans to special interests

Remember when dem senators attacked Obama?
Me either.
Bob Corker-John McCain have betrayed their voters & disgrace America.
…
What's the difference between a Never Trumper and a Democrat?  A democrat doesn't lie to your face.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Problem is you didn't choose country over party when u picked that egghead for vp
A good read
A Democrat who agrees :)
Retire McCain, now
#opbot
Enlightened me. Thanks
I'll tell you Senator, you're a liar & phony. And some days I'm truly #TeamTumor. Please resign. Focus on your health & family#MAGA
Stop #H8Bots #OpBot
Please Sen, lead Repubs away from the crazies and join Sen Corker.  America needs you again. TY
Specifically, defeat Bannon before he ruins party and remove Trump before starts WWIII.
Fake GOP . Hard pass .

Stop lobbyists from pumping cash into Congresses wallets for legislation that benefit them and not We the People!
This is exactly why there needs to be a new Conservative party.  We need leaders like you to do this! Start a 3rd party!
Thanks to you John!!!!!
John McCain Bill Kristin are the swamp. Sick B—
I hope more Congressional Leadership will stand up as Bob Corker did yesterday.
I guess you love  stagnant economy, kiss everyones rear, high tax, no border, $21T debt & etc..

Thats what you get with the establishment!
#opbot
Couldnt agree with u more. Thats why we need some new blood in the party. Those that do put Country & principle over party.
The elites in this country never put country first.  If u ever lived out here with the peasants, u would know that.  #OutOfTouch
Do you want more damn "dreamers" like this ??? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PXdwDF3yfo …
the wall, border security, and a return to legal law and order immigration , is just pure obvious common sense , what the hell is so hard ??
The #gop abandoned me and so many others by cowering to the Tea Party.  If they remain so far to the right it will be time for a third party of middle ground and common sense.
@senjohnmccain should make it official and change to democratic party and join the others who hate our country. Traitor John.
Nice share. Give them HELL, Sir.
When will you and just two other GOP senatorial leaders take a stand to halt the work of the senate until POTUS halts tweeting?
Or just promises to refrain from unfiltered lies?
Or promises to STOP ignoring facts and evidence?
Or promises to stand up for the rule of law, even when he doesn’t like it (joe arapaio?)
Or provokes NK so that we are on cusp of war?  Exactly at WHAT POINT will courageous GOP act, rather than just talk!
Good to see how many people are worried about poor North Korea.
If Billkristol had his way Hillary would be President & the Supreme Court would be lost for decades. Why are we supposed to listen to him?
Trump has done more for Republicans this year then you have done in your life!  And Bill K has been wrong about everything the past 2 years
You are a liar who sold out your constituents over your bitter personal feelings toward our President!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
We don't read Kristol. He's one of the scumbags who lied us into several disastrous wars. Time for you to go, McCain.
Yeah that is a crack up Fake War Hero,Almost sunk Aircraft Carrier,Adulterous,Keating5,failed Presidential candidate, Country 1st really?
thank you, John McCain.
MCCAIN, YOU PUT THE WORLD BEFORE YOUR COUNTRY. STOP LYING!
Dry up and blow away.
when is someone going to address the lunatic threating nuclear war? Americans are terrified!
McCain has stayed at the party too long. He has set and allowed this mess we now find our self in. We see his expertise. PLEASE- NO MORE.
Nobody listens to the warmongering neocon Kristol anymore. For you; RETIREMENT.

Must-read: McCain the face of corruption
1 person should = 1 vote. We shouldn't be held hostage by a few "elite" GOP donors. Please co-sponsor Udall's bill.

Songbird, Songbird, Songbird, WTF are you doing?  Trump hurt your feelings so bad you had to go and do a bunch of criminal shit! Stop it! https://twitter.com/Thomas1774Paine/status/917418616760492033 …
What is wrong with your colleagues Senator? Why will they not fight for US???
Time for you to pay back that plane you wrecked in Nam
So Jane Fonda shot down yr plane, you still owe America a plane
And this is why we need you @SenJohnMcCain and @SenBobCorker to stand up for ALL Americans.   #dotherightthing #makeadifference
Honestly it would save their Republican Reps and help all the people of the USA it would also save them any further damage Trump is unfit!
Excellent article imo. Big money wanting a serfdom will face a fight from the real patriots. This is not about party but truth and gluttony
Government of laws...
@NavKaz @BillKristol Citizen's United should never have been given the green light.  Corporate $$ has too much influence.
Omg. Stop it.
Puerto Rico needs congresses support fix the antiquated JONES ACT, please!
WHEN HAVE YOU EVER PUN ANYTHING FIRST THEN LINNING YOUR POCKETS
Amen.
Senator please got behind HR 669.
Thx for drawing attention to this. @GOP  @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr senmaj @NancyPelosi Nancy @SenSchumer @DNC @IndivisibleTeam @OurRevolution
Please get rid of #trump #TrumpPenceforPrison
Haha same Bill Kristol who’s wife just donated to Democrat in Virginia’s? McCain just leave the GOP along w other RINOS.
If you're reading Bill Krystal you are part of the problem.
Please work to minimize the damage now being inflicted on our economy, our environment & ppl by a WH bent on destroying America.
What's the subject? Yr betrayal of we the people, on every issue @POTUS is trying to accomplish?
There has to be a path out of this mess. This chaos called a president is leading us down a dark, dangerous path daily.
Yes yes yes drain the swamp mccain will be gone ryan McConnell get rid of the paid off posers
If only McCain would put the country first
Well I disagree. I am @realDonaldTrump supporter, formerly republican, & I voted my representatives to DC 2 vote MY views, not ur conscience
Country First except when you choose a VP? Palin was part of this movement.
Not cracking up. Just unifying behind election promises, which you broke. But you're a charter member of the #KeatingFive, so I expect that.
You read it.
@BillKristol has been wrong for the last 20 years.
How's that Iraq thing been working out for you and Kristol?
When will you come out of the closet and proclaim your a liberal?
You are cracked up sir. How about leaving and never coming back.
Remember when Trump wasn’t a real conservative.    Oh wait that was you.   Retire you liar.

Stop with the must read fake news already. Admit you're a Democrat
#retire
Thank you for sharing this.
My god. The guy sounds like a Bannon loon. Just like Stephen Miller. These people are dangerous and should be ousted from the WHITEHOUSE
He's a ghost insubstantial irrelevant
Ok, I will. #StayStrong  (fight the Big C; I do,everyday!) #RockOnJohn
Senator: Sorry this sounds crude, but even under normal circumstances, your days are short please use the power you have while you have it.
I'd rather watch paint dry
Sincerely hope the GOP will crack apart & take a decade to regroup. Would be karma for putting lunatic POTUS & his criminal family in WH
Republic Rhinos .  Nothing different from big government liberals 
another anti trumper
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Just saw report on court documents that show you helped pay for fake dossier&colluded with DNC&Comey to try and take down @realDonaldTrump
Nice quote from Burke. Sounds so quaint today, though.
We need big money out of our elections.   A handful of billionaires voices are louder than the millions of citizens.
"John McCain’s slogan, “Country First,” didn’t prevail. But McCain would not be the first prophet, who turned out to be ahead of his time.
This story exemplifies many of the reasons I have chosen to leave the GOP. Today’s GOP is not the same party I joined in 1980 under Reagan.
What's the matter swamp creature, afraid the cesspool might get drained? RETIRE Brutus
We know you understand party loyalty. Unfortunately, you're identified with the wrong party. We all know you are a closet democrat.

One Vote Johnie.  Here you go again. Step down. You are disappointing the AZ people.
It doesn’t look like country first false advertisement from you get out of the way
WHERE'S KATE'S LAW, TAX CUTS, HEALTHCARE? The U.S.A. is waiting McCain.

GOP tactics toward Congressional members resembling NAZIS or NK more every day. Blind lock-step obedience, bullying/cheating to win. CORRUPT
In case you haven't realized it yet--no one cares what you and Kristol think. It's your ideas that led us to where we are now, losers.
When DJT first announced his candidacy, I thought he was doing it to ensure a Clinton win, but his bigly plan is to destroy the GOP.
I'm truly afraid for our country & WWIII!@SenateGOP @HouseGOP could do their job & check executive branch instead of going along w/ charade
We know what you did traitor
This is  what a leader means God bless you SIR "Country first" RepubliKKKans have to learn this lesson or will disappear like a nightmare
Well worth the read!
The base is gone. You are basically Greens now, just haven't accepted it yet.
I remain baffled by people saying that Congress must unite behind Trump. How? There's no consistent agenda.
Unite *against* Trump would be more like it.
Thanks. I'd like to know what right does Trump have to spread terror on a daily basis. As in: "Calm before storm" comment. GOP does nothing.
This coming from mccain who peddled the dossier .. can't wait to you exposed as the corrupt politician you are .
Is Donald Trump competent to lead this country in war and peace? If no, then it is your Constitutional duty to bring him down.
Very good read sir and may I say thank you sir for ALWAYS standing your ground and although we may have differences I respect and admire you
Definitely a must-read. Love reading stuff from people I disagree with as long as it's well written, obviously. Mr. Kristol always delivers.
If you really wanted country first you would have voted yes to repeal instead of grandstanding like a doucher, any pardons lately?
If you only realized what the rest of the world thinks of America now.
Much better than the US. It's why N Korea doesn't really care and talks back. A joke is a joke and you elected him
If a majority of this country no longer feels like either party serves their interests, why do all say a 3rd party can't exist under system?
In college, majoring in PoliSci, I gained a decent understanding of our 2 party system. I was appalled and registered Independent.
Those who claim to be conservatives must rethink their fealty to the GOP, which has dropped conservatism and become authoritarian fascist.
Is it too late to try again with campaign-finance reform? We will all remain their hostages until we get all of this $ out of our elections.
McCain quoting Kristol- 2 crocs in the swamp-bye bye
I think that the majority of republicans have already knuckled under to Trump I watched Lindsey Graham move closer to Trump. This is the GOP
Thank You Senator!  A True American!
John mccain flip flops on everything as do most corrupt politicians .. How are politicians so rich ?? That says everything ..
John McCain of McCain/Feingold

John you are such a total disappointment. Photos of you, Harvey & the Clintons are all the rage. YOU asking for COUNTRY FIRST is a sad joke.
This type of public talk about usurping the the Constitution should be prosecuted! This is not a dictatorship! #TrumpsIllegalCabal 
Confirmation of tail wagging the dog Donors setting agenda of the GOP. Is this country now becoming an autocracy? Take a knee now! @SRuhle
But your rule is “lie first”
..... The neocons are completely irrelevant
You Republicans are turning on each other because of Trump. Decent moderate Republicans are being smeared and pushed out. Where does it end?
John McCain who gave America ObamaCare forever
They’d accomplish plenty. Just things u don’t like such as market based HC and personal choice

#putinsucks doctored photos don't work, Bot
Oh yes they do, cause it happened, keep watching CNN sheep
Put down the kool aid. You're complicit in destroying this country

Every Trump supporter, including Dense Pence, is bound on dividing this country.
I don't blame McCain. Brain tumors make people behave angrily, hatefully. Tumors impede judgment & reason. We should pray for him not hate.
"Serious citizens ... have a perspective higher than that of mere party."

@SenateGOP @HouseGOP YOU should read this. I've ALREADY looked elsewhere & many others have too. You don't work for TRUMP you work for me!
Take this lunatic in the White House down John. You’ve always been a great leader and I haven’t always agreed with you, but I know that you have the ability to get fellow republicans to rally and do this for the sake of our country and the world
#RepealObamaCare, as promised, and renounce all Soros support and funds, Senator, and I’ll consider your recommendation. #LIAR #TrueLiberal

Thank you Senator. #HurryMueller
This just shows how out of touch our President is he works for the people as do every representative not for party president not king

Time for you to resign
Swamp dwelling Establishment insider chafes at the thought of uniting behind the president nominated by his party
Trash the Country First slogan!! It’s not something that you believe in!!
EVERY REPUBLICAN STARTING FROM ryan SHOULD CHECK THEIR LOYALTIES
COUNTRY FIRST OR TRUMP
TRUMP OUT IN 2020
 REPUBLICANS WILL BE SPANKED AFTER
The only crack up in the Republican Party is you!! You desperately need to retire!!
So, what is this....some "last hurrah" for John McCain before the big trip?
#taxreform #repealobamacare
Policies that hurt Martha too. #BlindedByHate
Excellent. Thank you!!
If your are quoting Kristol - that makes two fake GOP walking the same walk.  Really Democrats and part of Dem/GOP uni-party
If you REALLY meant to put country first - you would NEVER have run for Presidential office. GOP base would NEVER support a RINO.
我们不做点什么，我的军费怎么来呀。
Why am I not shocked you read his columns? Oh yeah, because you've never once had anything good to say about a non far-left liberal.
http://www.justforindia.in/2017/10/paseeb-story.html …

Politicans true colors show when they realize they won't be reelected. Makes you wonder what they were doing under the table.
