I can separate my feelings unlike many of the Russian/trump bots below. Love you Sen McCain, as for Reince...not so much.
You do know there is zero evidence of Russian collusion by Trump, 6 months, NO evidence.  Look further information or be media brainwashed!

Finally a non politician wanting to make America great again and he should be arrested?  Let me guess, you're a commie?  Notice more jobs?
6 months of progress, turn off corp owned owned media mouthpieces
Turn off Faux (FOX) "News"
You mean stop reading, seeking more information or using critical thinking skills to weigh all sides?  That doesn't happen watching tv.
When do we see a job well done by you?  Healthcare, lower taxes and the wall!  The GOP has become a joke, do not serve the American people!
You're certainly have issues McCain. What a huge disappointment you are. You have ruined my budget.
I bet you're the one that paid for the dossier! You have always been a traitor!
Maybe he's a leaker. Typical songbird
The fact you are friends is the reason why you both should be fired! #swampmonsters
Not so fast---so you fell for his hpccrisy and he got what he wanted from you praise  John suffers from a loss of mind and mental stability
Good job destroying your legacy.

It appears someone is jealous they will never become president.
That's an awful thing to say. He did the right thing under the circumstances. The only way to help American's is to work together.
You must be on drugs! The democraps won't work with the GOP!! It's there way or no way! Get out of fantasy land and stop pretending!!
You let Reince & everybody in the Republican party down!
It would be nice if you would serve our country and do what you say you're going to do you're a liar
Reince. Your career is over! John Mccain just called you a dear friend.
Poor little RePUBES! U didn't get ur way! Always saying the left is crying & u call US ?!How's it feel? Dish it out but u can't take it.
The minutes you betrayed your party and lied to the American people just how many friends do you have left to betray.
But without leaks from WH to you.
I apologize for not trusting you Senator McCain. I apologize for my ignorance when it comes to politics. I applaud your genuis at it.
#Hero
Of course u praise the leaker, u r another never trumper that'll do anything to hurt him, cry some more for being the worst candidate ever

Senator McCain, you are a class act!  Thanks to you for all your service to our country!
Thank you John McCain,  I will sleep good tonight
Thank you Senator,  for your vote last night! American citizens appreciate it!
Yeah I really appreciate losing my insurance and my doctor and paying for health care I cant use...ASSHOLES
Hopefully you'll go soon too!
Wow
You are my hero for you courage
Heroes don't collaborate #SongbirdMcCain.  Heroes don't get shot down on their first mission, LOL>
I'm sure the both of you will continue to serve your Democratic Masters, as you've been doing all along.
You should take his lead and resign for the good of our country, and for your lies about replace and repeal of Obama care
Should repeal Obamacareless, but your money is more important. Let are what God say when you show to Him your fortune on earth!
I'm sure @Reince is please as punch to be thanked by the #Keating5 #Liar
Ahhh, so many lib, Democrats are giving you kudos...isn't that nice! DJT- right, you are no hero!! You rep what America hates! RP=leaker
But you lie a lot, John. You'll stab him in the back eventually. It's what you always do.
You are a traitor and a coward John
You great nation 
But I hope you stop serving Arizona, not the way you are doing it,I cannot say the same thing about a job well done ,just the opposite.

McCain you stabbed all Americans in the back
Traitor
He will,Hail of a lot better then you DESPICABLE TRAITOR
Joe Biden Reportedly Called John McCain Ahead Of Crucial Obamacare Repeal Vote

#ACA4LIFE
You can do much better Senator than praising the low lives like @reince. What good has he done but helping a criminal reside in #WhiteHouse
I love you John McCain

Thank u John u r a true Hero
Thank you sir for your service to our great country. It's probably time to move on. Godspeed
Hopefully you will retire soon.
McCain go to your luxury hospital for your treatments while the rest of the vets go to the VA for there's
how cute a couple of traitors consoling eachother. REPEAL AND REPLACE SHITSTAIN McCAIN
Sad to see @Reince go. Wishing him the best.
Yeah Reince, your dedication to installing a madman in the White House won't be soon forgotten.
sorry I wont thank you john  very disappointed in you ....

Yes, thanks for leaks bruh. 
Pathetic John McCain Campaigned On A Promise To Repeal Obamacare. This Week He Voted To AGAINST Repeal!…
But with God help not you.
I hope you survive at least until election night 2018, I want you to see the swamp nation in its death throws. #FreemanNation #AnonymousRed
Thank you for your service to this country all these years and I hope you have many more.
He probably thinks you're swell for saving ACA.
Yeah good ole boy network tried their best to bring down @POTUS but failed again! #DrainTheSwamp and start with @SenJohnMcCain !!
It was time to get it all out in the open FELT good huh JOHNY , to come clean how you fed OBAMA info , all that deceit!
Thank GOD for people like you Mr McCain!! So happy you finally stood up to the mentally deranged megalomaniac narcissist Drumpf!! 
What job well done ? He did nothing
Amen to John McCain's sentiments toward you and your work while in the WH ,anyone that could last 8 months with that psychopath  is a  hero
No confidence in you. You need to be repealed and replaced.
Hope not as you serve. You must be repealed and http://replaced.You  laughed at putting Americans' health care in jeopardy, causing harm
Support the POTUS. Your playing both sides but voted in office by Republicans.  We wanted a GOP Senator not a Schumer supporter.
Character and integrity allows you to do the right thing.  Thank you senator.  Friends in PA.
Oh...so He WAS the leaker. Thanks for clearing that up John--you TRAITOR.
Better than your lying Liberalist self.
Thank you for saving Ocare! But, Reince was a coward and co-conspirator. He needs to be debriefed by Mueller and sent on his way or arrested
When the party under whose banner you run consistently hates you but the opposition loves you then you must be in the wrong party. #Resign
So have you resigned yet?
Thank you for turning on us and making us keep Obamacare despite telling us for 7 years how you would repeal it.
Why don't you serve your Nation as a Republican that is who voted you in office. Support the POTUS. He's the one doing great things
Pubs did not want bill passed; embarrassment better of 2; McCain nothing to lose with pre-planned vote.
Really John I don't believe you wish him well he is a Republican
hero to zero
Your days of lying to the American people are ending and you won't even be able to enjoy your ill gotten gains in retirement.
I wish you would
Thank YOU senator for standing up for the people of this great country of ours when so many of your colleagues refused to
Lying John McCain is one of the most dishonest politicians I've ever seen in my life. I'm ashamed  I ever voted him him.
I would like to say one thing, your personal vendetta against trump has alienated your constituents and all of America, retire in health sir

Thank you for showing why you can't support and can't trust Republicans.   Thanks for losing a generation of conservatives.
Thank you for helping me changing my mind about the Republicans.  Thanks for  showing me you vote  with Obama and against Trump.
Thank you for handing a victory to the Democrats and Obama.  Thank you for moving us one step closer to Socialism.
Thank you Senator McCain!
When the cancer finishes @SenJohnMcCain his legacy = Small Man with petty revenge.
Want my check for my 5000 deductible mccain send u the bill
https://twitter.com/Tombx7M/status/891305575392391169 … ALL CORRUPT politicians will go down, Americans are waking up to your corruption!!! #MAGA #recallMCCain #ARIZONA
More Than Bank Fraud
#wakeupAmerica #cashinin #tcot #ccot 
It's easy to know a hero when you senator John McCain..
It's easy to know a hero when you see Senator John McCain..
Go away traitor it's time for the governor to replace you
You are what I distrust about government

Yes, thank you for standing on your morals, no matter what it cost me.  You disgust me, and the family of mine, you are stealing money from.
Reince could help America by turning state's evidence against the trump crime syndicate.
Yea leaking info is a great job u r so out of touch treading water in the swamp u know ur scam is ending I hope you have repented for ur sin
#HangTheTraitor

A donkey wearing a rhino skin pretending to be an elephant... https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R2/status/891158963319824384 …
Thank you John, from one vet to another. Thank you for doing the right thing.
@SenJohnMcCain and @Reince: two never-Trumpers.
Put Congress on Obama care!
Wish you were going too. The establihment is betraying working Americans
You needed to smash Trump for saying you are not a true hero because you were captured. I love how you finally crashed him 
You should do the same... resign.
They really will, you know. And then I hope @realDonaldTrump unseals all of your records.
#Songbird
McCain's vote was an insurance policy with the dems for help after he's indicted for fake Trump Russian dossier but they'll abandon him 
You are a true American hero Mr. McCain!!
You are a liar
If he's your friend it's a good thing he's out.
Go back to Arizona! You have cancer, or so you say????
Yea you liked him because he was the leaker an traitor please retire
This is what American patriots are sharing amongst themselves today. Enjoy your legacy. #Traitor
https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R2/status/891158963319824384 …
You traitors sick together i see.
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, “Lets see Donald make america great again now”
A job well done? 

Senator why did you vote to repeal Obama care in 2015 ? Why did you vote no on repeal this year ?
Senator No thanks to you . I believe you voted no on the skinny health care bill just to give Potus the middle finger
A Needed asset at RNC for 18 Mid Terms. John Rest and Know we are Praying for Full Recovery in SC
You're the worst
Please just go away. Go enjoy your family and resign.
@realDonaldTrump   Please sign an Executive Order requiring Senators and Congressmen to use the Unaffordable Health Care.
SHAME ON YOU!
Reince and you are establishment corruption at its worst. #drainMcCain
You are next #RINO undocumented Democrat.  You suck up great health care at Mayo while forcing us peasants to be on the ACA. Out of touch
You did the right thing and generations of Americans with health issues they cannot control will thank you for years!
