
Sure they do... they mention it all the time. They just don't think it's more important than booting tens of millions off of coverage.
NOT 10s of millions...
False. It's 16-32 million hard-working Americans who stand to lose coverage without the ACA.
I'm paying for 4-5 people's healthcare and I can't even get a wellness/sick visit. I have to pay the first 12,500. ACA LEECHES PAY NOTHING!
The facts say otherwise. It's disgusting you call the American worker a "leech". https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4865452/cbo-obamacare-health-care-32-million-uninsured-2026/%3fsource=dam …
I'm not talking about American "workers" . I'm talking about the leeches who suck off Govt tit and others taxpayer money.
This is YOUR fault.

http://nypost.com/2017/07/28/couple-jumps-to-their-deaths-because-they-cant-afford-health-care/amp/ …
This both sickens and saddens me. Suicide should never be a resort bc the govt imposed HC regulations cause more ppl to lose HC over costs.

The facts don't support that lie.
This caused millions of ppl with coverage to lose coverage bc they couldn't afford it. As well as employers to drop coverage for employees
Once again, that was because of Republican "amendments" boosted by Trump.
Trump wasn't in office when ACA went I to affect. Logic please.
You didn't even bother reading the analysis. He piled on Republican countermeasures in progress.
lawless? who are you to judge. by me you are typical american war criminal who must be death punished 30 y.ago and like u are millions in us
Sit down.
Good grief just keel over already.
Leave it to a Trump supporter to wish death on a veteran.
you need to get your head out of this Globalist bullshit agenda and stand up for America , your State is a wreck because of MEXICAN DRUGS
Who cares?
Arizona is over-run by mexican drug cartels spewing hard drugs on your people and you resist the wall and strong border security ???
ya , and that's exactly where we are headed if you don't fight these nincompoop globalist socialists , you won't even vote for the wall !!!
What about our lawless regime in the WH?
Thanks for posting about Venezuela
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"
We need to keep Trump from creating a lawless regime like theirs
Yes because President Trump wants a socialist regime like they do. Oh wait... no he doesn't.
They have a DICTATORSHIP
@BarackObama wanted the dictatorship. Where govmt employees have tons of $.   !!!That's Socialism too. Damn, the new Dem party is socialist.
Look at #6: Control or own the media, restrict rights of free speech, assembly & protest. TRUMP
Obama did none of that. He invited protestors to stay and have their concerns heard. He didn't shut them down or run away & hide
He wasn't perfect - no human being is - but he was NOT a dictator. If so, he would've filled SCOTUS vacancy and then some
US needs to keep their nose out of Venezuelas business.
Just look at the US Senate John where you belong. You don't have to go to Venezuela
I'm sorry John we are still reeling from your stupidity on the Health Care Vote! Can't really worry about other countries right now!
Your State is FLOODED with hard drugs and Mexican drug Mafioso , and you do NOTHING , the WALL is the ONLY answer for this PROBLEM
Gee Johnny, what do you suppose went wrong? Thanks for forcing the same healthcare on us that they had. Had, because it failed too.
Looks like what Trump is driving towards!
True Crime: Watching YOU trying to turn Venezuela into the next Iraq.
This article sound just like our administration!
What a traitor and a coward you are!
Lying crook w/$21 mill net worth? From public service?
McCain by turning democrat this is what you're helping to bring to America.
He been democrat for a long time as he fail at most things he does, he got captured, helped isis, quit his campaign for president & America.
Bullshit #Fakenews
Hey, Venezuela has socialized medicine and you are helping to bring that to the USA....Democrat Sen John McCain.. Sounds right doesn't it?
U should B made 2 step down, cancer has obviously affected ur thought process & it's  been happening for awhile. Step aside for the country
I'm moving from TX to AZ next week. I'm moving to a state where I can be proud of my senator again.Thank you for putting country over party.
Thats a joke. He put his personal.feelings & interests first. NOT his country or his constituents all fake now there is a pres who will sign

Thank you for putting Americans before party Sen. McCain! I'm thankful for all of your years of service!
You should move there and screw their healthcare system all up too
FYI everyone whose commenting hatefully the skinny repeal would've increased your premiums on avg $1200. He did good. Carry on.
Many thanks for all you have done for country. With tomorrow comes new fights. Get well quick so U can lead battle to unite America.
You should vote for them, They look like Senators that you hang with !!!!
That's what you're going to have in AZ as a result of YOUR last stand letting Obamacare stand.  AZ should have elected Kelly Ward!
Thanks for your support and voice 
Sounds like the coup the GOP is trying here under mining PRESIDENT TRUMP !
NOT PRESIDENT   McCain,Ryan,Graham,Cruz,Rubio & other losers.
Thanks to people willing to stand up we have a chance to ensure our Democracy never crumbles to the will of a corrupt autocrat as well.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/891081343618080769 …
Could Trump be flirting w/ ceding civilian control to military by ramping up their influence? Trump likes men in uniform to stand behind him
I have a very dear friend who is Venezuelan.  It's horrible what is happening there.  My heart breaks for the people living thru this mess.
Exactly what you want here Johnny-boy. You support globalism and socialism.

& don't bother denying it, we have your voting record as proof.
REALLY need a dislike button!
That could possibly happen here in US. The country is so divided. The president is wise to surround himself with Generals. Instability =prob
This can not be tolerated. End the MS13 terrorist.
Don't go back to D.C.. You've done enough damage!
http://dailycaller.com/2017/06/19/exclusive-soros-clinton-linked-teneo-among-donors-to-mccain-institute/ …
Sen McCain - either retire or "expire". your deceit and cowardice is now harming real Americans. #McCain_KingOfTheSwamp

Want to start a war over there too?
Let me guess...you want to send troops there too?
It's not clear ... are you for it or against it? Only when it counts?
Soon to be USA if Leftists get their way! Venezuela socialized medicine = US medicine thnx to Obama Dems
Madero's no Chavez, just a bigger fool trying to buy influence or take control, at the expense of bankrupting V. Sounds like Argentina!
A coup orchestrated by the CIA
Seems familiar, doesn't it?? The @GOP needs to grow a pair and denounce this Russian sympathizer/wannabe, pretending be our president.
Lots of folks commenting on Putin's influence here too. Why are we not helping drive Putin away.
OH GEE YOU'RE SO SMART........
Why don't you move to Venezuela??  I heard they are looking for a traitor to take over the country..

Here's McCain's fraudulent campaign ad from 2016 that claims "John McCain is leading the fight to stop Obamacare." What a liar — resign now! 
Thank you John McCain I owe you apology you stood up for what you believe is right and I commend you
Only thing I want to read is your letter of resignation



WP never tells the whole Truth. If you only give a half a truth it is a LIE.
Unfortunately with the current administrations lack of leadership, experience, qualifications, etc... the USA could head down the same road!
Good job last night! You would have been an excellent president!
Focus, sir. You have problems right here at home. Healthcare reform now.

John McCain is a hypocrite.  
:( just like the USA.
This is the direction the US is headed. U don't need a socialist government to get there. Just a corrupt one!
What's going on in Venezuela is their concern, not ours.
This is the same thing U want here. Pathetic really.
Stop azz kissing the liberal WaPo McCain, they got your back Dem in disguise, I trust nothing from that rag
Must-read; Lawless WH regime in USA already a coup
You are a trader to the Repub party
what is he trading?
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/890637229843820544 …
@SenJohnMcCain Maverick my ass!! Liar and hypocrite is more like it!! You swindled AZ  campaigned on repeal and now voted NO! Please RESIGN!
The Washington Post is a tabloid rag.. nothing in it is true.
What do you think the odds of military coup, here, are? It would have never seemed possible, but seems almost likely, under Trump.
my real question is how much did he make for his no vote....it made others gasp for god sakes! wtf dude
wow, this dude 1, has brass balls (or his pr does) or 2, he is truely brain fried......ill go with 2 for 10 trillion alex.
AMERICAN traitor
Scary times we live in !
Can we do more for these people beyond a few sanctions on a few men?
Who cares what you think other than democrats. Shut up ho home
Senator every word you utter rings
hallow until "Healthcare for America"
is completed.  Do You're Job !!!!
America Needs "TERM LIMIT"
Not our country. Not our problem. You need to worry about the fact you lied to the American People, over and over.
Leave the Senate- Fraud
McCain, only a left wing coward would quote from the Washington Post.   YOU are a traitor, Songbird and a closet homosexual. Shame on you.
You let the American people down,to satisfy your dem freinds
John McCain do you are nothing more than a warmongering progressive. What part of repeal do you not understand
You are a huge part of the sewer in DC
@PostOpinions - you took a cure of high premiums from the people
How many places can we be in? Have we set the right priorities? Too many fronts, too long engaged w/o results. 1912 & '28 US history bad.
@PostOpinions - you took a cure of high premiums from the American people - you have great health ins not me
Please go away
You did the right thing! Sen McCain
How about the lawless swamp creatures in our Capitol?
Maybe you should worry more about the undue burden you allowed to remain on working families w/your vote yesterday.  You're a fraud.
Must read, how the US is getting blood on its hands again.
No longer interested in your opinion @SenJohnMcCain  - #repeal - you couldn't do it.

McCain call home 1 800 Hanoi NVA
A pix says a 1000 words
Traitor to your party, state and American people
With your (lack of) brilliance on healthcare, won't be long til you are advocating the socialist third world virtues of Caracas #termlimits
Funny you name seem to be the one mentioned at the center of the coup against our sitting president. #Traitor
Americans first.
You have let the American people down
It is a very tricky situation, not to hurt the very people that need help.
Maybe you should focus on Arizona for awhile Senator?  #AmericaFirst
John no one is perfect. That is why all must repent in Jesus name. Jesus loves you. Talk with him. Read the bible. 1st John.....
RETIRE

You're a fake! Jealous of Trump n want to bring him down with you! Go back home and stay there!
This could apply to White House
Traitor.
Dear John McCain , question - another country influenced by the U.S. crumbles under the weight of U.S. nonsense huh ?
We need to go get Maduro....send the Ghosts
Sounds like 3 Republic senators who voted NO
Venezuela's decline is the expected outcome of the Socialist State. A warning sign of where America may be headed. Thanks to you.
Very good article Sir, thanks for recommending, very glad you recovered well and are back
Go live there Socialist RINO
I will read whatever you recommend senator
Sir you are a liar.  Many of us supported you with our $, our hearts and our votes.  In return you betrayed us.  You are a liar. #tcot
Flashback to 2010.




Posting a Washington Compost article? Who do you work for because it's clearly NOT the American people you went to 'war' for.
THANK YOU for saving millions of lives last night.
Like detail in this one also. https://www.liberationnews.org/john-mccain-war-criminal-not-war-hero/ … "John McCain—war criminal then, war criminal now,war criminal forever" #mccaintraitor
I have admired you since the Vietnam Era. What a stateman to stand up for what is best for the country.
Go suck an egg. #draintheswamp #rino
It began with socialist overspending by gov't on programs like healthcare and social programs that citizens had no money to continue to fund
And you asinine votes and comments are moving us closer to Venezuela. Go home take care of yourself and leave me out of your hell
And Trump is poised to make things worse.
Pretty sure you would support Maduro if he was running against Trump.
MagaSwaga  t#FridayFailure #DrainTheSwamp
Just die already. That would make America great again
It's tragic. Such an amazing nation.
I'm sure the Venezuelans have Pre existing conditions coverage and prescription drug coverage, so why are their parties in a bunch
And how long before Trump causes a similar crisis here?
But so do we Mr. McCain as we witness you vote against the people AGAIN! You made campaign promises and last night showed they were all lies
Democracy died when Hugo Chavez took over and made it into a socialist Utopia the end result we're seeing now. Send Bernie there
For your vote last night, thank you.
....you and the CIA are causing chaos there. You are a legislative terrorist.
You are a traitor.
Why are you worried about so many different things when you can't even properly figure out healthcare reform in America!?
You have to visit our areas Rojava Kurdistan syrian Mr John McCain.
I just an hour or so ago tweeted how Donald is trying to do this to America.
After last night, I would read a scribbled cocktail napkin from you, sir.
Obamacare = no one will have insurance soon = we want all the people to die =NWO wants to depopulate America=always a part of the Soros plan
Appreciate your vote last night
So sad I wasted a vote on you, you pathetic hack
"John Mccain Exposed By Vietnam Vets And Pow's" Watch who he really is ..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hr37eE0nO8 …  #TrumpisRight #mccaintraitor
You were always a lying pos
Thank you for doing the right thing last night!
Legacy of #bitterness #jealously
I'm surprised it hasn't happened sooner
Anniversary tomorrow.....
Please retire.
It is sad that you voted last night to push the US one step closer to the same policies in Venezuela. You should be ashamed.
You kept the funding of planned parent hood alive the deaths of those babies will be on your head. Explain that to God
This would happen if your AMNESTY PAST
