Wishing you a swift recovery. Thank you for voting against Repeal and Replace; we all deserve great healthcare.
HOW CAN ANYONE SUPPORT THIS FAMILY WHO HAD SLAVES.WILLIAM MCCAIN HAD SLAVES AND CALLED THEM BLACK MCCAIN'S.HAD 2,000 ACRES. RECALL MCCAIN
Hope you get well soon. We all rooting  for ya!

You have a great daughter Senator.  Meghan rocks!
HOW CAN ANYONE SUPPORT A FORMER SLAVE OWNER WHO FAMILY HAD SLAVES AND CALLED THEM BLACK MCCAIN'S. RETWEET PLEASE

Beautiful  Prayers & love to your family.
Should have taken a #hike years ago!! #Americafirst
Like father like daughter #closet democrats
@realdonaldtrump I almost wish you and a couple of others , switched sides and took all power committees etc
Away from this child in chief , let him lose complete power until he is impeached or just voted out , and thank you for your service to USA
What people will remember about John McCain is that he acted like a spoiled brat and gave us obamacare. That will be your legacy.
Cool I hope your father does much better with his health if he survived  Vietnam he can survive  anything  best wishes
There's another one in six years that's going to be a lot closer. Prayers that you are there to see it!!
Enjoy your family, Senator. My best wishes of your prompt recovery.
Go Sir fight for the right and God Bless you always
@SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain
you've made it through worse. Much love to you.
awwwwwwwwwwww :)
May your faith sustain you and your family. Thank u for your health care vote and service to US. Nation, not party.
God Bless You John. A heckuva celestial show. As the man I have admired from the days your heroism ignited a nation speedy recovery from phl
Praying for your recovery.......
You are obviously a reflection of his kindness, wit, and heroism. Thank you. Your democratic friend.
Looks like a walking corpse
@realdonaldtrump you are a hero John, hate 2 say it but this isn't my GOP ,u and a couple others r the only 1's fighting 4 us
Watch out SONGBIRD. ...SNAKES DRY UP FAST IN THE HEAT....FREAKING CUCK!!!
you missed your chance mccain you could have been a hero if you voted yes for http://healthcare.you  are doomed for failure the devilawaits
We love Senator McCain if anybody wished death on the senator they should be ashamed of themselves Like him..
Your dad is a hero in every way, through his service, through his obstacles, through his obvious ability to care about the American people.
God bless you and your family.
Although I don't always agree with you, I still hope you're feeling well, Senator.
Unfortunately there is more and more ugly rhetoric out there. I wish your Dad the best.
YEAH WHERE WAS THE COURAGE BEFORE TRUMP GOT ELECTED
I'm am AZ Dem & wish you nothing but love & long life. Thank you Sen McCain for decades of love for our country!
hoping u & ur father had a great time together & my prayers are still going out for ur dad & ur whole family good luck
God Bless you Senator. #Hero we need you back making the tough but right decision for this Great Country #USA
Awesome
Trader!   You must GO!
Looking into LDN low dose Naltrexone for cancer treatment (includes glioblastoma )
do my eyes deceive me or are there telegenic remnants of mccains past dalliances in this pic? 
You look great!! Can't keep this hear man down! 
What a great man you are.
You should take a hike out Washington. Americans are suffering under Obamacare
Awesome to see you were out and about.  Thanking God for your healing.  Blessings sir
So glad to see you and dad out and about
Good to see you hiking. Now, please use your authority as a senior senator to call out Trump for his obvious mental instability. Please.
Now THAT is true American courage - which you continue to show every day, sir. Bless you and your lovely family.
Such a beautiful opportunity for togetherness,which you'll remember until the next #Eclipse  See you in 2024!
#1voteMcCain, needs stay in Arizona, not in DC. Times up sir. U jacked us up on Obamacare!. Shame on u!!!!
sending prayers for you all xoxo.
That is great! Looks fun you 2 
Praying and pulling for you! Much love and prayers to you all.
how sweet. Senator McCain this Democrat is thinking about you and wishing you well.
Have your political view point but I have to say I respect you and thank you for what you've done and continue to do for this country.
Sen McCain I am not a rep. But I am an American Jew who is appalled at the man in office. He is unfit to be in office. I may not have...
Will u please stay out of the Senator. N Meghan, will u please take him to flagstaff. I'm worried. Don't make me come there.
fight fight you are my hero always been
Love this picture. Hope you are feeling ok @SenJohnMcCain we are all thinking of you. -your constituent
God Bless you Senator and Meghan.  When you recover and return, please save our Republic.
Very glad to see you out & about sir!
Wishing you all the best in your recovery.  God bless.
Glad he was able to receive good health care.  Most middle Americans struggle with the cost of health care He could have changed but didn't.
U John committed Treason money from Clinton wikileeks
That's the sign for you to RETIRE
Great picture! Don't always love your dad's politics, but always respect him and wish him good health and happiness.
Who in F cares what u do?
Thank you so @SenJohnMcCain for standing up for the people.
Senator we love you very much for your grace and service to our country. We pray for your health and a long life of happiness.
Don't wear her out john
Godspeed to great health! Thumbs up from NY!
Stay out of the sun! Don't you have woods in Arizona?
I think it would be nice there. But the heat?????
Seeing you look so well does my  good Senator.
I hope you have a complete and speedy recovery! We need you'
I love this photo. Hope you had a great view, you two.
Best wishes for a fast recovery sir. You look great!  Remember your country needs you.
Awesome! Neat moment. Prayers for you, that you feel better. We need you McCain. We need your leadership, class and your voice of reason.
Looking great. Sending prayers for your recovery.
Glad Meghan you're able to spend time with your dad...even if I DO NOT like his politics, he's still your dad!
I need the Senators hat. VERY sun sensitive!
Holy shit what kind of creature is that call project blue book.
Get well soon Senator, we need you in the congress.
I hope you really enjoyed yourselves!! The McCain Family is in my prayers
Retire and quick.  #ImranAwan
Keeping you both in my prayers!
My husband and I watched the eclipse too, from our patio in Yucaipa, Calif.  A great memory to share.
Can't wait to see you back in the Senate doing good and giving thumbs down to stupidity!
with proper eyewear, right?
Senator McCain I'm praying for you each day!
keep hiching   rhino
For one brief shining moment our national divide and political discourse was...eclipsed.
Love you - but what is happening with your jaw?  Did you get that checked? Wishing you a speedy recovery.
Glad to see you are doing well Senator.  Meghan you need to come back to Outnumbered miss you on the show.
Meghan, sad your dad turned traitor to America! To think I have supported him over the years and now he's doing what he is currently! Sad!
Time to stop criticizing our president and unite this country. Get policies done.
Get well soon.
death merchant #nomorewar

Who cares
Sir, I may not agree with everything you say but I HOPE to God you get better.
@SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain God bless you all!  Sen McCain hoping your feeling well and glad to see you enjoying Eclipse 2017 with family!
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Go home...Both of you
Your time has passed. Stay in AZ...
Thank you Sen. McCain for ALL that you have done for our great nation. You are a true hero. My God bless you and your family.
Get your Dad to RETIRE- he deserted the GOP & has become a joke.
Was he able to find a short pier?
Best wishes
U think the propaganda media supports you? They want the Rep Traitor  to say negitives. They don't like u, you are their Benedict Arnold!
You guys are great! Enjoy your week! (Hugs).
Hey, you going to the trump rally?
Old GEEZer
Your brownnosing is sickening at times. Ex military does not automatically make Good. Think Hitler
wow nice click
Bless you @SenJohnMcCain, I lost my husband to a Glio 11 months ago, Given a timeline, it was extended! With Love, Family, Friends & Prayers
Praying for you.
Did we cross over?
Outnumbered is better now you are gone. Washington will be better if you don't return!
Pos
Hope your taxpayer funded healthcare is helping you get better while the rest of the nation is dying because of unaffordable premiums.
Enjoy the beauty Sir!  The eclipse was as beautiful as your heart is.
You're looking good sir...
God bless you, Senator! Fight the good fight! NEVER give in! 
If she has time to hike and retweet, why can't she go back to work?
The face of a disgraced madman!
It appears you and that other madman Ted Kennedy have been cursed with a brain tumor.  Ready to meet your maker John?
wishing you the best also wishing you peace.
I hope you didn't look directly at it like the stupid @POTUS
Hoping for the best for you and your family.
hey look 

it's the Shah of Arizona.....
Megan do you even have make-up on? If not I think you look great just that way. Almost didn't recognize you. Great picture! 
Looking good,Sir!
If true it was 160 yrs ago.Were you a slave? What have u done special for the USA? Shame on you
Go Away.
Dear Senator, so happy you & your wife are getting out to enjoy things.Youre a good man, patriot & wish you Gods speed in making it to 100.
Daddy's girl....Good for y'all and the closeness you can enjoy. Especially after the senator's close health call.
Mr. McCain, I am a liberal, ergo you and I don't agree on everything, but your strength and courage continues to inspire me in many ways.
Best to you and your daughter. My son now lives in Phoenix. Great state. I'm a NH independent. Great respect for you, sir.
Great to see you out and about!! :) Hope you're feeling good today
Too many fillers lol
How old is she 45 50? Lol
Cute picture!
Always a hater somewhere on this thread. I'm on vacation with my family and extended family-dems and reps- all think you are a class act!!!
I respectfully disagree w u on many areas, but I 150% wish u good health & awesome time with your fam. Keep fighting!! die hard Dem
Keep getting stronger Capt John
Sith Lord McCain
Way to go @SenJohnMcCain!
Love you Senator!
Meghan McCain please advise your father that's time to retire
From TX, good to see you, sir
Sorry I that it was two ladies?
Hope you feel better
you sure are pretty!
Awesome!!!
Love all the science today. Please vote no on Sam Clovis nomination. He is not a scientist,unqualified. Science deserves respect.
Now this is a super nice eclipse pix....John, you're a traitor.  Also a pix of you if you had to have O'care
Did you change your voter registration while your on sabbatical? How's that tumor doing?
why the hell do you think it's okay for you to tweet but you keep telling Trump not to you're a hypocrite
We Wish You a recovery but please leave the White House go on a hike a long one
we wished you worked this hard in the White House I wish the Three Amigos would go be Amigos and leave the USA
People all worked up over this pic & I'm just here starting to get a crush on Meghan being all outdoorsy and gorgeous w/o makeup. #NoStalker
Very good the JM is doing well. Now please retire !!
Nice that you're watching the eclipse, just wondering when you're going to start watching out for the PPL of AZ,&USA? Can you say Obamacare?
Hows Obama care working for you
Gell well @SenJohnMcCain #GodSpeed
WooT!!!
How great!! Hope you both enjoyed! Now make sure trump doesn't start riots in Phoenix.
Good for you, Senator.
So happy you could enjoy this.
Good 4 u, suck up every moment. In ur corner from Rubioland, prayers up daily.  Keep the faith baby!
Get well!!!
Sorry you weren't in the path of totality, but it was still really cool!
I wish the best senator. Just stay out Washington. We need someone that ready to work for America
Your resiliency is inspiring indeed, Senator.  Even though I find sunshine and fresh air to cure all ails, please do try to rest some too 
Yes sir !!
Meghan looks just like her Daddy!
