What are you going to do to Protect Americans from the next #MassShooting ?
Take more @NRA Cash?
#GunControlNow

Well we are preying you come to your senses SOON 

You’ve disgraced @GOP and it’s supporters long enough
Use ACTION + praying pls Follow u:how 'bout leading your party/us to safety? Nauseous. Do something now. @HIllaryClinton SWAMP @POTUS=PTSD
Praying alone isn't enough. If you had taken action after Sandy Hook you might've stopped this. #GunContolNow
Please do something about this!! We need gun control legislation
What about the $7,740,521 you got from the N.R.A.?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, this is her cousin and we deeply appreciate your prayers.
So you only pray for people from Arizona?
Keep praying and stop taking $ from the NRA, thanks.
Thank you. Please call for sensible gun control. No civilian needs military grade weapons. Pls support reform. Thx!
That is literally the purpose of our second amendment. It is not for hunting. It is so citizens can form a fighting force if need be
Pass laws to regulate guns and stop taking $ from the NRA
Wonder if she has Obama care ... Hope she gets the best care
Sad a lot of people from Arizona were at that concert.  Sad people are now going to be afraid to go to concerts. Can't enjoy life.
When are you going to introduce some decent gun control legislation, John? Limits on clips to 10, ban assault weapons, ban trigger aids.
The sametime he introduces legislation to shut liberals the hell up they're killing Americans , you want my 2nd amendment I'll take your 1st
Disappointing
Do more than pray. Stop taking money from the NRA and enact legislation that stops this insanity! Rest of the world thinks our govt. insane!
Thank you for your prayers for my cousin Jovanna please keep her family in your prayers as well.
#GunContolNow
Retire
YOU are partly responsible for this! Fuck prayers! Many solutions have been offered for years yet you DO NOTHING BUT PRAY!
Besides those killed, how many will be paralyzed, amputees, or brain damaged from this? It’s time to put aside the NRA and do what’s right.
Abolish the NRA
NRA IS RUSSIA
Russia defends our constitutional rights?
Hi Senator. Trump is just a disgrace. Why don’t you impeach him?!
Senator, I am a Dem, but big fan of yours and your rational, fearless, pragmatic solutions.  Wish you were president
Chip— songbird is a mental minded democrat- thats why he appeals to you. He was best friends w ted k and john kerry
Your prayers are not enough; you weren't elected to pray.
you take more money from the NRA than anyone else in the Senate. Sit down and shut up.
Seriously ? Your prayers are meaningless. DO SOMETHING!!!!! #GunContolNow
Praying?  Legislate!
And praying all hurt recover
Do more than pray--DO YOUR JOB. We need comprehensive gun control regulation NOW.
You have received over $8 million from the @NRA. There is blood on your hands, Senator. #LasVegasShooting #AssaultWeaponsBan

How about everyone else?  Or is it just your elitist D.C. Royalty buddies that matter?
You better believe there will be a lot more ALOT more if we refuse to do nothing- what will it take- your child, your grandchild... WHAT?
Sen McCain:You have received just under $8 Million dollars in campaign money from the http://NRA.You  Support the NRA/GunViolence.
Yet you have taken $7,740,521 from the NRA.  The blood of many victims is on your hands.  Give us sensible gun safety laws now!
Please get rid of semi auto rifles and tecnology to convert them into auto assault rifles. No need for these or for silencers.
Save your breath, Tweeters. We will NEVER solve this as long as the NRA uses its war chest to bribe state and federal politicians.
Please Senator exert your influence to do something about this scourge in gun violence. Gun owner all my life but something has to be done.

Stop the praying and let's get some laws in place, so this doesn't happen again!
Leave my second amendment alone
I will Pray for Jovanna and her family, for a full recovery.
Can we talk gun legislation yet?
We can't just keep doing nothing. Mr McCain...John, parent to parent. This has got to end, our lives depend on it. Anything but nothing, pls
How about let’s pray for all families and victims of this horrific killing!
Might as well send out thoughts & prayers on a daily basis—occurrences are that imminent & the @GOP lacks courage to do what Australia did
What're you gonna do about it? Send thoughts and prayers? Because that always worked so well before! Don't act sad! YOU HELPED CAUSE THIS!
Her blood is on your hands sir. Do something.
90%  imagine
What're you gonna do about it? Send your thoughts and prayers? Because that's always worked so well before! You love war, so don't act sad!

Do you care about all Arizona people with the bad bad bad Obamacare!?  I doubt it
Use your position to make change.  Honor the victims and their families by not allowing the NRA to take lives.
Holding all hope and good thoughts for Jovanna and her family.
We are praying for this dear lady's life! Thank you for posting, Senator McCain!! 
Do better. Do something. #GunReform #GunControlNow
Hoping that these stories and the pain of these Americans will change your vote next time, Senator. Think of them
I hope she makes it! So many lost 
Pragmatic. Gun. Control. NOW!
The Senate shouldn't wait until the next 50+ ppl are killed
by a person armed with military weapons! Ban the public sale of military weapons
Please do something to stop this from happening all the time! Common sense gun laws. Many in AZ and the US no longer feel safe.
God bless and I hope she recovers
My prayers 2. Now get busy, renounce NRA & their $$$, & get rid of guns. &  stop with the 2d amendment BS, doesn't apply to modern weapons!
Will THIS be what finally gets you to vote for gun control, Senator?

How about some reasonable gun control legislation so idiots like the shooter can't have fully automatic or semi automatic rifle's and take out 600 people in 10 minutes
Hoping U.S. doesn't have assault rifle mass murder again.Do what's right,implement practical,sensical gun control laws,stop praying for life
Is it true John? The NRA talked y'all into NOT looking into making weapons safer for the OWNERS? Do they HATE AMERICANS TOO??!! Stand up!!
It is time for Congress to do something about assault rifles!  Doing nothing because people can kill people other ways is not acceptable!
WHERE'S KATE'S LAW, TAX CUTS, HEALTHCARE????
Prayers going her http://way.Now  @SenJohnMcCain , time 2 ban assault rifles; belong in the military, not on our streets!
Senator, you never cease to amaze me. Even through your own personal struggles, you’re praying for others! Wow! You’re a great man!
You were fortunate to have great insurance. How many of the survivors of Vegas even have coverage? We need to strengthen the ACA, not repeal
-Time to resign...you can't sit like spanish hags ninty years of age.. Get real, find a bungalow...
Senator MCain... you are an honourable ex military man? Surely limiting this gun lunacy is an honourable thing to do...

How about legislation forcing the gun manufacturers to pay all medical and funeral expenses.
Praying for action on getting automatic weapons out of people's homes.
Resister.
Huh!! Pretty telling that you offer prayers for one and not for all. U r a poor excuse for a human being
Praying doesn't work for bullets whereas improved legislation might. You know this, sir.
My thoughts and prayers go out to all of these victims but it doesn't seem to be bringing them back or stopping these mass shootings
Gun violence needs to be studied. Unfortunately, no gov. funding for it, unlike $15 billion for regressive oil industry? Pardon me, but wtf?
No prayers, stop taking money from the NRA  And pass gun laws, hypocrite.
We must take action!Military assault weapons should not be available 4non-combat this is the Orlando& Vegas who's next? God help us
Why is a weapon like that available to civilians? Why?
Prayers for Jovana and all of family and hope that God will help Jovanna to have a complete and speedy complete recovery.
I have added prayers and will try to work harder to get NRA out of WH.
Senator McCain you're not going to do nothing about gun control?
I wish you were our president. At least you have our best interest at heart.
we need gun control
#GunControlNow

Don't pray, pass gun control.

I pray their healthcare Insurance is as good as yours and they are NOT affected by your veto vote, YOU NO -GOOD TRAITOR
You try being tortured by enemies then denying to go home in favor of your countrymen. Or being a pariah because you want to do what's right
You are a great man and care for your country. Stop assualt weapons built for _assualt_ or the blood tests on all our hands.
Yes Sir, I pray they all do!!  Please abolish the 2nd amendment except for the military.
I think we all are praying. Also, praying that we as a country do some common sense actions to slow down this carnage.
Sorry, but when has praying ever done anything? Don't sit praying, get out and DO something.
That will be for 2018 and 2020. Now is a time to get back to basics.
Senator please support universal background checks to keep guns out of the hands of people with violent records.
I know most American gun owners are responsible but people with violent criminal records, DV convictions or involuntary psychiatric...
...commitments (within a certain time frame) really should not have guns.
Stop supporting the NRA please
