Resign already!
He just crawled through his last election.....
Oh if we could turn back time. #McCainStain
But I guess that would still require McCain to have a conscience.
Not much to work with there.
Like running to Europe on a dossier hunt for info on someone else. Always in the middle of anything. Self-asserted
Prbly good he never became president, What about that, John?
I'm not Conservative, but I'd take him 1000 times over what's in the WH now...country/people over party
But of course Ur not, of course U would.
Go home mccain, or change parties. You are not a republican much less a conservative. GO!
Wow your hate in this thread is so inappropriate.
AZ is THE state with the highest rate increase in 2017. And this vermin...
Plenty of other threads to attack him. The man is dying for gods sake.
And your point is? He can die a pos or someone who cares for the American people!
Must be so horrible to carry so much hate.
Are you talking about this POS willing to sacrifice American people to satisfy his hatred of Trump? Horrible indeed.
"Hi, my name is John McCain and I'm addicted to power."
Routine check up! Must be nice. My health care premium in Arizona is $1432.31 each month.
Retire.
Help us fight for medical care for our older adults.
Better.
You're an angel Senator John McCain you saved health care for children, seniors, and those with disabilities  Blessings
Where do you live because here in my state we can’t get care like that unless we go on medicaid
Very fine interview.  @SenJohnMcCain's attitude and perseverance makes for better prognosis.  Good to see walks with family; work in Senate;
War hero yes but most inspiring thing about @SenJohnMcCain is how at his age he learned from experience and now wants to protect healthcare.
We all got to die! Did anyone care when Benedict Arnold died?
Making when will you be back on Fox
Cottonwoods weep ..Cactus is Sad  Oak Creek is never deep but dribbles down  to John"s ground.. tears of Love  for John Who Never Gone
this man has the best healtcare ,lots of money and a nice big house...he does not give a damn to the masses.
You are speaking about Trump, right?
Keep fighting, Senator. Don’t give up. AZ needs you, proud you are my senator.
@SenJohnMcCain stands by his word. I’m proud of him. He’s been a hero in the military and the senate.
He’s a true patriot who’s battling cancer. You don’t have to agree with him, but he at least deserves respect, Bert.
He deserves nothing but contempt from Arizonans and all Americans.  He is getting his petty revenge against the president. At our expense.
So true, Roberta ...and the truth seems to just be an inconvenience to them

I guarantee you he didn't need a referral when he was diagnosed with a brain tumor. I guarantee you our insurance for them took care of it.
Go away mccains
I have a feeling that in the congress and the US government everyone has a diagnosis - brain cancer. Or Alzheimer's as a last resort.
Love you Man .. Us men who knew Vietnam went from youth to old in months but will live in History forever  Your Brothers will honor you 
Bulls***!!!
John Mc Cain stoped Coward Trump Republicans from Destroying Pensions to 395 Thousand Combat Veterans   Less 36 %. American Support Trump
You are a good man John McCain. Keep right on going. My prognosis was not good. That was in 2000. God Bless you and your family.
miracles work in mysterious ways - in about 4 and a half months from now we might have a chance at getting rid of Obamacare

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
I am proud of you Sir. Keep at it.
Senator when are you going to switch parties?
This guy is a liberal hack! He hates his own party!! We will do our best to shut his liberal bias! John Macpain in the party must be rcalled
KARMA
Thank you sir for not only serving for our country. Thank you for not being bitter because you were a POW and serving US again
Serving again? This time with all the perks. He should be on #Obamacare.
Karen, my father was. It bought me more time with him and he was given great care for his Glioblastoma which he received as a
Result from Vietnam due to agent orange. You see, I couldn't get him eligible for benefits with the VA until after his death but
The ACA covered his surgery, chemo and radiation. The oncology center helped us find grants to cover the Plan B med Avastin.
Eventually covered hospice. I then watched him die. Want to insult or jeer John McCain about that, like the coward you are?
Because that is what you are. A coward. Twittering on an account of a person who has terminal cancer. What's next, teasing kids at the
Your in my daily thoughts and prayers, may God watch over you and give you the strength to get through this rough time. God Bless
He gets the best and Americans get nothing
i say f--k cancer too but also f--k AMA's treatmentsi use essiac raw apricotseeds and tumeric surviving 7 yrs now HINTING!
Traitor!!! Just declare yourself a dem and be done with it! You've NEVER been for the American people!!
Go Away John McCain! Go Away John McCain! Go Away John McCain!   Everybody chant with me...Go Away John McCain!  Doesn't that sound great?
It sounds pathetic. G'day.
This interview only reinforced what a great man Senator McCain is.
Dear John McCain you are my hero. Still protecting other citizens lives. I pray you beat this disease with all my heart
Prayers for him and his family
My best wishes for your Dad's treatment success. My simple n'n'out surgery, 7/7/16, found my cancer. 1st regretted hvng trtmnt, now glad.
@MeghanMcCain "Don't worry...if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor" 
......that's bullshit.
Prayers to you and family
after his vote against repealing obamacare, I stopped giving $$ to cancer research.  I'll start giving again when he's gone.
Hang in there sir, Arizona needs you!!
No wonder he doesn't know which way to vote on a bill - he should resign before he causes any more damage
Sir, you have our gratitude. You are a true America Hero! Praying daily for your good health and complete recovery. Thank you so very much!
Thank you so much for voting against the rest of us great healthcare
"You are the hero" for the midle class and poor people, I admire you because you don't work for the president thanks gracias senador

Our true American hero does it again. The only @SenateGOP that has the balls to stick to Trump and McConnell. Thank God for Senator McCain
Thank God he had good health care and not Obamacare.
McCain hates Donald trump more than he loves his country. Songbird strikes again!
He helped all of us & hopefully  anyone who blames him or is hostile towards him right now will come to that realization one day
How has Song bird helped anyone besides himself? He abandoned Arizonans. #McCain is the ultimate swamp creatures.
No respect for this man! He is a traitor
The traitor lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue!
Be well, @SenJohnMcCain and thank you again for your dedicated patriotism. Country over party or profit. Thank you.
You're a fool
what an obvious bot you are (timeline reveals). bye bye!
Profit?  Profit is the only reason this scumbag votes.....
You're just a very rude troll. Buh bye.
@MeghanMcCain I wish he had my insurance. It covers nothing!
@SenJohnMcCain We need a respected leader to take a stand against Pediatric Brain cancer! My heart tells me you are the chosen one.
Serious? If he received the diagnosis he says he did, he would have maybe 6months. That's beyond serious. Is that his real condition?
so want was you doing playing with heads I win tails you loose /kosher meal blues/you no you got to fight them for the peanut/they kosher it
Sorry no empathy here.. TRAITOR
For all his health care help for millions waiting-he will be getting the best treatment. Poor Americans getting squashed.
Bye!
Perhaps it's time for good old John to retire so we can elect someone that will keep their promises
Brave man!!! Prayers to you Mr McCain
I am sure you are happy you do not have Obamacare, hypocrite,repeal replace when you have a chance you said no, can't trust U, you lie.
Traitor cant have enough pain or die soon enough
John McCain may be the last real man left in America.
I bet if YOU had to use Obamacare you would say yes in 2 seconds.  Had hoped your own illness would show u the light and give u conscience
Sure YOU have the BEST HEALTHCARE.  I can't AFFORD any.  So many Americans SICK AND ILL and can't afford Doctors and u are SCREWING AMERICA
Do u really think u would have gotten that wonderful care if u had Obamacare? U got top of the line healthcare. The rest of us.. Obamacare.
Really? Obamacare is horrible. If it was so great you would have it, Senator McCain. Put ur $ where ur mouth is, sign up 2 get Obamacare.
i'll be watching.  who hasn't been affected by cancer?  i have in more ways than I prefer.  obviously trump hasnt . he has no empathy.
Many people without decent health insurance will not learn of their negative health issues!!
So sorry. So strange, that you, like Ted Kennedy, the Dem Lion of the Senate --and you, the Rep Lion of the Senate stricken w/ same cancer.
Not serious enough.  You're still here
Jesus Pete’s McCain.... Retire already!! 
Get well at home #retire
McCain     & jealous that he'll never be President. Retire now! You have a legacy---biggest sore loser in history. Screwed his butt buddy
with your best HC we the people don't get, Vote yes on the new HC bill, not the best, better than Obamacare, remember you ran on repeal!
Cain kills Abel = mcCain kills hBill
To bad for him oh how's that Obamacare working for you john
McCain needs to step down. That's a serious diagnosis n it affects the thinking process. Brain fog is real in cancer patients.
The most famous NO, but now GOV Ducey likes the GOP bill, so little man John McCain want process over substance SICK little man
Nobody cares about this "Benedict Arnold" , a Real Traitor to the Nation and a disgrace to his ancestors.
Mr.McCain As an American citizen I would really like to know WHAT IS YOUR FUNCTION IN D.C.? What do U do to honestly earn a PAYCHECK?
@SenJohnMcCain thank you for STANDING for the US and not your PARTY.#keepitup
Have any of you opposers read the bill? It does not help. It only allows Trump to say, "See, I told you I would repeal ObamaCare!"
For those who attack McCain for his opposition to Grahams bill, the bill only shifts blame for health care from Congress to the states
YOUR NO LONGER THE MAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE.  YOUR A LOSER AS A MAN AND A SENATOR!. IF YOU SIDE WITH THE DEMOCRATS YOU SHOULD BECOME ONE!
Thank you for standing up for bipartisan action on health care. My hopes are with you.
Retire please
Trump says you deceived us. I agree. How can we respect a liar who promised to repeal obamacare and then stabbed us in the back.
You should be made to have obuma care as health insurance.  Then the thing would be replaced in a quick hurry
@SenJohnMcCain #ReplaceandRepeal
So is that why he doesn't care about his people anymore. It's 4 the people anymore,it's 4 me me me & what I feel is good 4 ME,SO SAD.
GM #Thanks @60Minutes My #Hero @SenJohnMcCain Even a doctor diagnosed your brain cancer serious have strong #faith to #God #Miracles happen.
You sir are a traitor to your party and the American people!
Do America a favor & Just resign!
President Trump was right....you are NOT a war hero. Got into the Naval Academy because of your father. Bad pilot = getting shot down.
Too bad you don't have to use ObamaCare for your cancer. You would have already been dead. Do you represent Arizonians?....NOT.
Good thing you don't have Obama care you hypocrite
On Heath Care, I support you; but now, have your staff develop a proper system.  If you haven't yet, read "An American Sickness" first.
Please retire. Someone deserving should take your place....
@SenJohnMcCain Nice you can afford good healthcare while we've been screwed by #Obamacare. Shame on you, support @POTUS #Trump
Prayers.. bless you.
Sending Senator McCain love
My Mother got liver cancer. All Obamacare could do for her is give her HOSPICE
Care to comfort her until she DIED!!! You ASSHOLE!!!
Most ppl with his diagnosis would already have died on ObamaCare. MUST BE NICE!
So sorry.  Fortunately you don't have Obamacare coverage.
Wtf Malik obama liked this
Cancer in the brain means your not suitable for making decisions, retire from office please you fake republican.
Cancer wtf are you waiting for??

Retire now
#karma for breaking your promise and for lying to American People
Interesting to see how @GOP candidate votes when not beholden to donors. I hope you kick cancer’s ass Senator.
Bad KARMA . A Hole
Too bad McCain time to resign
Lying John McCain. You are a true democrat, I hope you step down soon.
Disappointed in you.  The failed Obama care will keep killing people.  No one can pay those rates.
Couldn't have been that serious, you're still breathing. Seems like your pulling a "Valarie Harper".
Please vote for the American people, vote for those Americans that pay more for healthcare than their mortgage and car combined!

.@CLewandowski_: "John McCain... campaigned on the fact that the ObamaCare bill is a disaster." http://bit.ly/2jT4qMg  

Everything about John McCain summed up in one photo. 
You are a traitor

#TraitorMcCain

Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being a hero again and again and now AGAIN
@SenJohnMcCain take @realdonaldtrump to the Korean War Memorial. See the honorable Americans that gave their lives.#Trump ENDANGERSLIVES!

Disgraced Sen John McCain ~ the new leader of the left.

#GrahamCassidyBill
#GrahamCassidy…
https://twitter.com/NancyThomas17/status/911767466531000320 …
We are renaming Obamacare to Mccaincare since you don’t care if we live or die Senator
Arizona should spend the money and the time to recall this old rat...let him know before he checks out just what you think of him
Now you should switch health care plans with me, and pay for all your, treatments, medications, medical testing out of pocket, like me.
This man is a TRAITOR!
Wish you were on your beloved Obamacare you vindictive old bastard
@MeghanMcCain No matter the circumstances, no matter the news from man... hope& pray until the Lord says to STOP. Lift up your prayers!
I wouldn't wish my health care on you John McCain. But really  #whataboutusjohnmccain
Guess you are lucky you don't have my health care, since Obamacare.  #whataboutusjohnmccain
Could not happen to a better living turd of a guy...
John McCain = Citizen Kane
US Used to have Respect for @SenJohnMcCain 
Not so Much anymore, He's Dying and Just Doesn't
 Care about US bc  he hates @POTUS
@SenJohnMcCain YOU ARE MEDICALLY UNFIT TO BE A REPRESENTATIVE.  YOU HAVE BRAIN CANCER, IT IS EFFECTING YOU'RE ABILITY TO MAKE DECISIONS..
Bless you sir, you are a true warrior and hero!
Do u want Blocking a proper healthcare bill 2 b ur legacy? Sorry but aggressive brain
in cancer has an almost 0% survival rate. Think !!!
7MONTHS MAX- instead of being 40 an wanting 2B20 now it's wannaliv instead of die!
What would happen if #Trump signed an EO placing all of Congress under #Obamacare ? Then how fast would R&R take place?
Sorry about your health news, but it's no excuse for impetuous hatred for Trump and his agenda. Grow up, create a real legacy for yourself!
Just go away.  You lied when you told the people of Arizona that you would repeal Obamacare.
There is no constitutional authority for the federal government to provide health care. Go to Canada if you want mediocre care.
Retweeting stories to garner sympathy. Won't  work. You're a phoney liar. Introduce a repeal bill you can support like you promised. LIAR!!!
Get with the program or get out!
I hope he gets better and that hill vote for the #GrahamCassidyBill

McCain received $9m from George Soros: http://statefort.com/sen-john-mccain-backed-corner-refuses-tell-authorities-got-9-million-dollars/ …
GOD bless U 4 ever
Too bad you lied to so many people. I know you are pissed at Trump but quit pissing on us the ones  that voted for you!
Screw McCain
Why did you spend 8yrs saying you would repeal?  Stand by your word.
RINO
