That shows an American problem; Americans don't want 2 do menial work, construction work, or farm work. Make welfare recipients work for $$.
Many welfare recipients can't work no matter the support: children, disabled, single parents of infants.
I agree certain disabled & and all children shouldn't work. However everyone else should either work or attend vo-tech training 4 the funds.
Single mothers w/1 infant child should be exempt, but if she's single, she shouldn't have more children, or she should pay for them herself.
What if she had twins? Or her partner left? Or was domestically violent & she left? Anyway, welfare isn't about her, it's about the kids.
Don't stretch a point, which is if someone is able to work, they should. Welfare is not an unmarried woman who has has children for the $$.
Thanks, was my point.  Most single parents don't have kids for $$, & it's still about supporting kids to become healthy productive citizens
Another way 2 B productive is finish school, learn a trade, & go 2 work. I respect everyone who works, whether they're doctors or garbagemen
haven't you done enough to hurt this Country Its time to put your hurt feelings aside. You lost!
If Americans took those jobs the visas would not be needed.  But Americans don't take those jobs!!!
H1Bs are also out of control, too.  Congressman hand them out while soliciting funds.  Business w/frail value prop should go out of business
Those employers bringing visa workers are also exploiting their labor... Minimum wage salary? Come on Senator.. Who lives off minimum wage?
Please give us immigration reform which will allow good residents to stay
RINO
You & your @GOP colleagues wasting time w/ this shit & try best to ignore Russia in White House. History is watching you sell USA #Traitors
#fakenews
McCain let's not make excuses for why we should keep illegals here.
I am feeling better about security in the USA!!!!
And what has CONGRESS done? SAD excuses as representatives of the PEOPLE. Political Correctness doesn't work.
Minnesota summer resorts hurting.
Couldn't organize a drink in a brewery you yanks .. and you spout being world leaders? Leaders in stupidity.. yep!
This is why educated people are more often liberals; we pay attention to socioeconomic research. Feel like headbanging.
Support your President and stop being so self centred
Maybe we wouldn't need them if a fair wage was paid.
Tough crap! America first & those jobs will be filled. Why not train inner city kids to fill these positions? Give them incentives & MAGA !
Americans are out of work because of 8 years of marxist, anti-American policies and wholesale importation of illegal aliens. #deportthemall
"Prather a few more out of work…than a few more in a wooden box…"
And we'll also find out that food, services, etc will cost more. Nobody wins.
If our "President" stopped offending world leaders maybe we could do better deals? No??
Wrong! Trump is cool with Putin.
Really? Because crops are rotting in the fields in California! Maybe some of those unemployed white people could step up and do a days work.
Shouldn't it really be the other way around? Negotiate with our "partners" and vise-versa vs cutting each other off! No?
Typical liberal misdirection. Find situation that damages a position you do not support & make it your agenda.  McCain & Collins GTH. RINOS
I find it very doubious that Americans won't take seasonal work. I sure did in Highschool when I worked at the Grand Canyon as a bus boy.
What are you doing for this cause, Senator?
More smoke & mirrors. Your vote on healthcare is what matters. Kill the bill.
You have had 30 yrs to fix immigration & you have done absolutely nothing. Where were you when Trump made it an issue? Hiding in a hole?
Who is picking the strawberries going to waste in fields because of Trumps biased hate?  No one
Please stand up to Trump and the haters who want to blame immigrants! When will you???
Why don't you stand up to Trump and Ryan. They're destroying this country and its values
If they look hard enough they'll find US workers to fill these jobs. They may have to pay more have less profits.
Are you a yes or no on the senate healthcare bill?
We need to better support our education system and the we can be competitive again
Hey traitor McCain all these companies need to do is hire americans and problem solved!
Maybe they need to pay proper wages- the Maine UnEmp rate is under 4% ( thanks Obama)- they can get help, just need to pay ..."Market Rates"
Pleased you are fighting for immigration reform, but disappointed you are unwilling to stand against AHCA. Party before people?
Maralago is still open- with unemployed Americans just across the causeway, Maralago hires foreign workers

THAT speaks volumes on hypocracy
What happened to America's competitive spirit? Republicans stance on immigration/jobs is one of entitlement. Competition pushes people.
an endorsement from a respected GOP senator would have wonders for the one candidate in the 2016 election who supported immigration reform
Right you should tell that to Trump he highest immigrants to work at his resorts with little of any background checks.
47.3% of Americans of working age are under or unemployed but we need foreigners to fill these jobs?  Really?
Okay yes I'll agree. Without sarcasm this time.
if GOP was honest about improving law,U would have asked Dems 2 join talks.Reality:u want 2 repeal ACA just out of spite, pathetic
PS: GOP Senators will align like little soldiers & pass this awful bill. You guys are so good at making life miserable 4 almost every 1

AARP strongly opposes the Senate health bill, says it will monitor each each Senator's vote and report it to their 38 million members. 
Many of these jobs can be filled by part-time teenagers. Parents need to push them into the real world.
I believe we need less of these visas, and put more Americans to work. I don't believe this causes businesses to close.
The dead won't be able to work either. Kill the bill. Not the People.
Word to @SenJohnMcCain YOUR IMMIGRATION COMMENTS DESIGNED TO SEFLECT FROM DEATHCARE IS NOT NOW, NOR WILL IT EVER, WORK.
DEFLECT!!
I dont believe a lot of this story 1st there are no American cooks or housekeepers? 2nd Gov had to release prisoners to work those jobs?
I agree.  This story is suspect.  And the change to H1B visas is unrelated.  This is not like a switch on and off.  Drama.
Yeah but a lot of Americans are Lazy lumps lol & People want to work if there from France Ireland etc give them the job you need the best
Another important reason for good healthcare: So elderly citizens with memory issues, like you, have access to medication
I guarantee Trumps Irish workers will be at Mar-a-Lago and that's all that matters! MAKE TRUMP GREAT AGAIN- f**k y'all!
Because there's no critical thinking going on in the WH.
Lip service to POTUS is all that you now do well. You are a dinosaur @SenJohnMcCain and AZ voters must send you to pasture next election
Raise their wages and you'll find workers!

Sounds like a reason for welfare reform to me. But then U R a traitor and senile so you wouldn't think of that. @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP
Trump has no problems getting visas for his foreign workers.
As long as they are blond, well endowed, & Slavic. The Latinos who work 4 him probably don't have visas, a point DHS should B checking out.
false!
What you gonna do about it to tell ur 45 that his immigration crackdown is wrong and going to make US poor
Well, tell stupid because he doesn't get it. And while your talking to the WH ask him to resign to make america great again. Thanks
Yes comprehensive immigration reform.  No military style raids on law abiding families in sanctuary cities. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SpeakerRyan
Shut up! How long have you been in Washington?? How is visa crackdown putting us out of work??? We asked for immg. Reforms yrs ago??
Looks like Trump is trying to help Maine out with foreign visas in exchange for Collins' vote on healthcare 
John, come up with a plan (fee) to legalize the workers that are good people. Our economy depends on it.
You have very quiet on healthcare what do you say
Oh NO SIR! putting americans in work needs too free trade, immigration and t. international "best minds"&companies-don`t live in t. past,pls
thank you again Senator Amnesty.
When are you retiring?
As well as making America less safe
