Degenerate war monger. Who are you to decide who leads Syrian people. Pompass jihadi loving war criminal.
It worked out well getting rid of Hussein and Khadafi
Dude just freakin retire already. Wish I never voted for you I wont make that mistake again by voting for your sidekick @JeffFlake
Guess u drank the trump koolaid. How'd that taste?  
Many times better than the loony alt-left, socialist kool-aid of Obama, #NeverHillary or McLame
WAR MONGER McCain needs to move on and maybe America will have a little more PEACE!1st
McCain works for GEORGE SOROS! & is on his payroll. McCain is a LOSER & will be dealt with by God come judgement day! Wait & see Mc-Dick!
Until the utterly insane Nazi sitting in the WH goes, the US will continue its downward spiral. With the GOP not lifting a finger to stop it
Omg really can't believe people are this stupid 
Wrong
Cut the bullshit, he ain't no butcher, your terrorist friends are, they massacared and mutilated hundreds of thousands of innocents.
You are a warmongering NeoCon who FAILED in life! You Failed in Vietnam & have Failed to win the hearts & minds of millions of Americans!
Definitely needs to go!
So the terrorists you are supporting take over Syria and turn it into a cesspool, no fucking thank you.
Unfortunately #VladimirPutin is financing the #Syrian #regime That commits #genocide . #Trump should talk to #Putin about but #POTUS isn't..
Cut the crap and nonsense, Syrian regime isn't commiting any genocide, your terrorist friends are, they kill all minorities who live there
IT take too long for some to say it
I am total Agreement Bro Johan Gp

You want to remove yet another Arab leader? All part of the systematic dismantling of the Arab nations.
How has leaving the Arab leaders in place worked out for the world? Not well. God has givwn the US the place in this world to right wrongs
These refugees need a place to go.  What would Jesus do?
Jesus would eliminate the problem in the first place to solve the root of the issue
butcher, really? US govnt are the real 'butchers' in illegal wars.
This is the "let both sides bleed" agenda advocated by Obama Israel and now Trump.
You are a criminal globalist butcher. Iraq, Ukraine, Libya. the list is endless. You love death and are working for the Rothchild banksters.
When Assad goes, than what?
You Need to read your Bible!
Assad was never called butcher until US propped up ISIS to oust him in favor of an Islamic State & ISIS manufactured and used Chemicals.
Syria was stable under Assad. Stop supplying terrorists to fight assad
Is that what Soro's wants you to do?  How could you accept his donations.  makes sense, that's Y U are a faux Demorat.
Assad needs to go. His whole family needs to go.
McCain needs to go! Quicker the better! Globalist A-hole! & Isis collaborator!
We could remove him in 36 hours if we actually wanted to. Nothing but empty political rhetoric.
If reunited Syria is not possible, it's was not possible for billions but it's about to happen what we believe, pray to see GOd, Halis

A #warmonger like U has some nerve calling #Assad #butcher UR just a #pimp 4 the #Globalist agenda. How do U sleep?
you said the same thing about Saddam ..how did that work out???  so the pardoned Sheriff A. wanted to keep these thugs out an you complain?
Who's the real butcher John? You can kill everyone that knows your secrets, but they aren't secrets and that's criminal.
Who is the real warmongering butcher?
At least we are not supporting isis any more SONGBIRD
And American troops will die because we should not get involved except to help refugee's
Well we can trust your leadership on this because it's not Obama care that you alone saved or the citizen's in Az,  Assad will be around lol
Was mongering until the end.  Thanks for saving Obamacare old fool
War
WHY DIDNT YOU ALSO DENOUNCE THE NAZIS?!?!??! YOU BIGOT!
ya...cause our congress knows best!they tell the world what to do!not world solving own problems...goof troop is in office...idealists.
The war is over and unfortunately thanks to Obama and Trump Assad won
Sir, I respect you the most out of republicans but the only way for this war to end is to put the ppl of Syria b4 anyone's political agenda
And for people of Syria, Assad is a lesser evil compared to the Wahabi Militias jostling for power in Syria
Just got to keep that war machine going. Keeping your friends in defense contracting (and yourself) rich. While 20 year old kids die.
But, isn't he just acting as a place-holder for Putin? Who, with The Donald's help, is really the true new owners of Syria?
The Masters you serve are the ones who perpetuate war. Your disguise fell off years ago. Your evil deeds are exposed for all to witness!
We feel the same about YOU! Low life comments on Joe!
Can you not just fade away in peace without trying to escalate/start another damn war? What's wrong with you?
All these muslim lead countries seem to be lead by ruthless people, it's what they do. Get out of the middle east!
Why don't you tell the truth about why we are there http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article11894.htm …
Just so happens Assad decided to use Euros and not US $ in 2006? Did I read that right?
You support the Saudis and the atrocities they commit! ? You Hypocrite! !

You'll keep slaughtering civilians until you get your way?
we don't assassinate heads of state #Warmonger
Nobody's a bigger butcher in Syria than your buddies in ISIS !!! 
#MAGA
Senator John McCain is great Mann
Is this ok for a Senator to tweet about foreign relations in such a war-like manner?
McCain: Why are you involved in so many countries, activity trying to overthrow democratically elected govts? Ukraine + many in Middle East.
Yep, because Trump will let him. Impeach Trump.
YOU are the butcher @SenJohnMcCain ! Haven't you killed enough people yet? Your lust for blood is insatiable.#retirenowmccain
kind of how we feel about you here in America
Your president is making money off wars.
You know how many times we supplied rebels and they turn on us. Assad protect Christians unlike rebels. Iraq is great example. ISIS...
I thought there was a cease-fire
All you want is to be at war with the world. If you had your way we be at war with Russia by now. No for once we need to fix the USA.
No it won't you need to butt out of it. We are not in the business of nation building and letting more americans die because you want war.
Retire, ISIS addict.
What's the solution? Toppling Iraq's Hussein & Libya ' s Gaddafi worked out so well, eh John? So, what's the way forward?'You don't know
#TraitorMcCain
We don't need assad to go that's not our country, we need you to go away.
Says the warmonger McShame
Please stop arming people who kill children
Senator McCain, I apologize for these people attacking you because you understand NAZIS & KKK are terrorists. Anti fascists patriots.
Show documentation
The United States has no leadership. @realDonaldTrump spending his time at campaign rallies defending the indefensible. Sen. McCain  thanks
DRAIN  THE  SWAMP!           DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Correct
What do we call ou then after you took are health care and flushed it down the toilet?
Please retire now.
You John YOU voted for Obama replace why the change no I can't afford insurance anymore and you just ducked it up for me and my wife
Wow you voted against so many veteran bills!

Shame you're not willing to commit & fight for Americans & Small businesses here the way you're willing to commit Americans to fight abroad
Why don't you grind your self back to Congress and repeal Obamacare!! Grind onto the things WE THE PEOPLE WANT! NOT WHAT CONGRESS THINKS!
I completely agree
Just like you butchered the American people on healthcare?
But what if we make Putin mad at our president for coming on too strong on the matter? Maybe Gen Kelly will let you explain it to the prez.
And until you get your act together Arizonan's will suffer with increasing health insurance costs. But that's ok pettiness feels so good, eh
John how about working on health care u voted down what are u doing about it for guy that made the single vote count u r hurting Americans
The only butchers are American foreign policy makers and their Allies…
old photo hoax, debunked long ago, yes this is @SenJohnMcCain but others are not as stated.
In your dreams… I suppose you believe 911 wasn't an inside job either? 
I'm more worried about our butcher in the Oval Office...butchering the Constitution,  our freedom and spirit. Why the US stay in Middle East
What constitution did Trump butcher? Sources please!
If I have to tell you then you don't get it &  obviously support him. Have a nice life. Bye....
You can't because you haven't a clue!  You repeat what you have been duped to believe.  ...quite sad, really.
She deleted her post! Pathetic
Go away already please. We need a real senator who won't be there just trying to sabotage our president and protecting Obamacare.
Mr Senator you didn't learn from Iraq, we removed Saddam & the whole country became a slaughter house, wanna repeat the same in Syria?
Saddam was removed,and the country was deliberately left in chaos, by Bush, while Iran and Saudi fed civil war.It could have been different>
