What is the plan of the Defence advisory committee?
POTUS. Strategy??? A plan??? Really?  He can’t make a coherent sentence. I think we’re on our own. The assclown has no clue. None.
Repeal and Replace John McCain. Traitor first and then lied about Obamacare.
How is a war hero a traitor?? I also disagree with sending in more soldiers, BUT I'm NOT going to call him a traitor! I told him and asked why!! RESPECT!!!
Read your history books.
Neither does he - #moron-in-chief.
Agreed, we deserve a better President
Like repeal and replace of Obama care 
Envy is eating you sir, can't believe i voted for you.  You and your fellow swampers have made a mockery of the government.
They don’t have any!
I know you want to play both sides of the issue, but you supported every unqualified Trump cabinet nominee. Don't tell me what I "deserve".
We don't know any of his plans but we will soon. He is an embarrassment. We do deserve better. He is a disaster!
Sen McCain, POTUS doesn't understand because your words are much to big for him to comprehend. Thank you for your service.
7 yrs after promising to repeal & replace healthcare, you still haven't said EXACTLY what YOU WANT in NEW healthcare
Thanks for being a hero #JohnMcCain! 
No...you need to quit this grandstandingMr McCain, and get behind our President!
The US will be able to succeed in Afghanistan that the Afghan armed forces have equipped with heavy tactical and strategical weapons.
SongBird
I dont want to know @John Mccain. And I don't want u to know , u r a traitor , I believe u would do anything to undermine prez, Butt Out
Trump doesn't want YOU to know!! Stop the tantrums & either get with the program or get the F*** out!!  YOU aren't president. Get over it!!
Senator have a drink and listen carefully to this song...
We cant win......who is the enemy? Lets just nip this in the bud and NUKE Mecca! that is the root evil behind all this..
Tiny hands doesn't know the plan for success neither. He said it because it sounded good at the moment.
Good for the people to finally c through the mccains ,all these replies our negative and rightly so.. poor john, fall from grace remarkable

Shut up john 7 years of repeal and replace and 8 months into the majority, ur the reason it hasnt happened so do us a favour and go away
Well shit John 2008 2016 you must of been asleep for that plan.
Add it to the list he is failing at... but plenty of time to golf every weekend!
Why tell you anything... You will leak it to the enemy or the fake news. Sore loser that Potus won and you didn't.
This country deserve better than the Trump administration, but not enough republicans put principles over party during the election.
Exactly and can they get a handle on losing $1Bn of weapons to Taliban
He says a lot of things.
There’s no plan for success cuz Trumpi doesn’t have one!
You should have a plan being an ex soldier and know it all. Why don't you present one?  Do your job!
With a Moron-in-Chief did you expect anything different? #TrumpIsAFuckingMoron just ask Rex
Stop taking money from the NRA. Or you can return it. Or better yet donate it to the families of the victims of Las Vegas.
I think there's some stuff going on in our country that required attention... what's your plan?
Maybe we should bring em home. Then we could balance the budget without cutting Medicare and Medicaid
The Russian Chump troll bots are out in force, must be worried about their dear leader the lunatic Chump and his impending impeachment. LOL!
There is no strategy and our officials are tied up investigating this corrupt admin. There are no @GOP with balls except you. He needs to go
It's Mew; We Are  Not In Afghanistan. We Finished Afghanistan In 2011. They Are Planning Attacks Against The Uniteed States Of America.
YOU, Mr McCain, should get behind our President and support him.   You have become a RINO I’m so sorry to say!
GET RID of our embarrassment in chief @potus He is unqualified, unfit, Twitter obsessed liar
Yes, we deserve better from Congress.  Senator, you don't speak for all Americans. You speak for your State, and they are disappointed in u
The American people deserve a better health plan
However many weeks its been since McCain got re-elected on the promise to repeal o-care.  Az deserves better.
Retire.  Arizona, the Republican Party, the United States of America deserve better, and that's with all the love I can muster.
The success plan doesn’t include you, you have been in office for how long now and have always voted in favor of every war
Retire, John. Spend time with your family and leave politics to people with more sense.
Stop it. Three hurricanes and a mass shooting have kinda pushed other things aside. Oh and add North Korea to the mix
GET WELL SOON! OUR COUNTRY REALLY NEEDS YOU!! PLZ HELP SAVE US FROM THIS CORRUPT TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, ELECTED VIA RUSSIAN INTRUSION!!
Senator McCain...We The People have heard enough of your bitter bullshit concerning POTUS Trump. STFU ! We know you are a bitter old man.
Bring the troops home, soldiers are dying for a winless war.
U r an embarrassment to ur family &a fraud 2the american people.ur kid had to leave fox cause u were no longer defendable.Uwill b answerable
I actually need a captain crunch decoder to understand your tweets
Go buy one.  Dah
You have to be a bit....
Yup!!  I am.....
Yes, we Americans deserve better
Maybe like Obama did, Trump should tell the world (and our enemies) exactly what our plans are for troop movements or dates of withdrawal.
John u have been a senator for awhile, now u should retire enjoy your time with ur family and let some young blood take ur seat
How about get the hell out of there for starters! Costing to much and benefiting very little
We deserve better than you ...
He doesn't have a clue.
McCain is an embarrassment
What we really need is a conservative republican in your seat. #DrainTheSwamp @RandiBlank
McCain; America sick of imbeciles like him representing Americans..
Tell how much MONEY u n ur daughter / family have taken from Terror GRP
#retire
Mccain,Dont worry about the American people&what we deserve,we have our President.But u Mccain deserve to know that vengeance only hurts u.
Retire already
Yes Americans do deserve better n everyone will b better off when u r out of the Senate. UR an obstructionist and vindictive little man.
PEE ON MCCAIN HANDS
@SenJohnMcCain is a complete loser who is 100% opposed to @POTUS fixing the mess he helped create! #MAGA He can't stand winning! #sad
You do not deserve to know. With your big mouth you'll run to Manu Raju for tv exposure. You are so needy at America's expense.
Sit down and shut up. John.
Hmm let's see what he might have. When doing.  Three hurricanes and a mass killing might have taken a little attention
You need to be part of the solution not a option to everything stop being a dem
John McCain FAILED Presidential Candidate trying to act like a President from the Senate. Get over it John, you're not even a good Senator.
Pass a bill McCain quit being a NEVER TRUMP 24 7
Please go silently into the night.
You are suppose to be Republican as far as i can see your working for Democrats. Get it right and change parties.
You are so right you need to retire that would make things better for the American people Trump 2020
We deserved better when we voted. Ah well...
More criticism of republican president lol. No criticism of democrats lol.
Yes we deserve better. You need to retire!!
John please be truthful and positive
@SenateMajLdr @seanhannity REPEAL & REPLACE John McCain now....he is a traitor to our great nation & is unhinged. Holding up Pentagon apps.
Nominees for Pentagon you're holding up, just an excuse to stick it to Trump you envious freak. You've done all you can to hurt Republicans
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @SenateMajLdr McConnell, STRIP McCain of committees now. McCain is holding up PENTAGON appointees. Must GO.
Better then you. I should put my name in for senate. Time for the younger generation to take over. Time for a more modern senate.
Go away
Resign and then the American people will have what they deserve, one less corrupt egotistical career politician obstructing their will.
Disappointing! Putting 3500 more soldiers on the ground? How does that help the US work towards pulling out????
Yes, John the American People deserve better that a man like you.
It’s unacceptable Mr. President time to lead, talk less sir
Thank you Senator
As he Said He ( unlike the last potus) will not give our plans out on national tv
John you are the enemy
He is not telling you amything.... Let him do his job
The only thing America is waiting for is for you to retire
We DO know YOU R NOT the plan 4 success! Go home, traitor!
We do deserve better than YOUR TRAITOROUS ASS
What does war strategy have to do with an individuals qualifications to hold a specific post?Answer: politics.
U are obviously not listening john mccain.  Do u read ur twitter replies? By now u should be able to see we want u out of politics. RETIRE!
How long did the doctors say you have? It just seems like forever.
WTF JOHN MCCAIN. What is it with u and Afghanistan? It's not ur concern. U are NOT the president or minister of defence. Retire pls fkg go
Afghanistan? What about the secret plan to defeat ISIS?
I'm starting to think ur views r more of the other side of isle u seam to have something against our great POTUS sir
Never mind President Trump and that Congress, American people deserve better - we deserve a better than YOU @SenJohnMcCain !
Hate to say this, Senator, but you are intellectually compromised & need to step down. Do the right thing for America.
With my good wishes to you all
They don't want to tell you. You're not the prez.
I'm John and I like war..
Supposedly we knew your plan to repeal Obamacare, yet  voted against. You are unacceptable as a senator. Please retire
in the name of honesty please change the R to a D after your name loser
We certainly do so retire already
You're part of the problem
The American people deserve better than the bitter old bastard! #McCainsucks
Senator McCain keep your promises to American people & become a part of solution. Stop being part of problem!
Traitor
Thank you Sen. McCain for holding Trump's feet to the fire. It will take many of courage to get this lunatic off the US stage. He's a danger
Yes, we do deserve better, Senator McCain....
We had better but the electoral college once again got in the way of the ppl
I know!  It's like he's been having to deal with crisis after crisis, or something?? 
Your right we deserve better, so when are you announcing your resignation and going into retirement. McCain is completely irrelevant. #MAGA
How long has this idiot been a senator? Now he is concerned? Go home!
Go home......
My GOD! Shut up!
We certainly deserve better than you. At least be honest and just switch parties you old fraud
Please retire John
We DO deserve better, time for the Senator to retire.
He doesn't have a plan for anything. And sadly you and the rest of the douchebag Congress are doing nothing to push him
McCain we will all get better once you do the honorable thing & RETIRE! For the good of the nation & your family.
We deserve better than sum1 who caters 2 Libs, won't support ACA repeal, and constantly undermines @POTUS. Get out of the way, Songbird!!!
There is no strategy. There is only the fear of the national shame when we finally admit defeat.

Maybe Putin can help Trump with that.
McCain your a Fraud.
There's no plan, same old same old
Read the comments from everyone below!  The American people are fed up with you.  Yes you have made a few Dems happy but wow we r sick of u
I watched 100's of videos over the years of Sen McCain talking & finally figured out how to tell when he is lying. If his lips are moving!
Arizona and the American people deserve better than you liar.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
trumputin’s “strategy” is to run his mouth & say nothing of substance or with any real answers on any subject
Well @SenJohnMcCain MAKE A PLAN. Gesh!!!!!!! Always a critic. Never a supporter. Never a giver. Never a leader. What happened to you? #MAGA
He's been kinda busy John.
I agree. We deserve better. We deserve you stepping down for a better person John!!
I'll take "Questions that Should Have Been Raised in 2001" for $200, Alex.
We deserve senators that are not like you McCain.  You put your political agenda ahead of americans.
#We Deserve Better than @SenJohnMcCain Anti-American Songbird Globalist Posing as a USSenator Helping Isis "rebels" You're going to Hell.
John McCain is NOT a traitor! He is a hero! Asking for @realDonaldTrump accountability is reasonable! What's wrong with you people?
Maybe they don't trust you, "songbird". Ask SECDEF Mattis, he might tell you to go pound sand. @MeghanMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain 
Will EVERYBODY agree to a CEASE FIRE for three 
days for some FEASTING,  DRINKING NECTAR,  AND LISTEN TO MUSIC!!
KARMA!!   PLEASE COME A GET YOUR GARBAGE!!!!
The only success is exit. Al Qaeda was wiped out within 6 mo. Now we fighting an enemy that's already surrendered.
You need to retire. American people deserve better.
Like the grandstanding a betrayal of RnC voters , and the support of liberal elitist agenda
We haven't announced your strategy on Healthcare Plans for taking Care of American's and Reducing Cost! Don't throw stones in glass houses!
Always support your President John and stop worrying about things He has everything in hand
#Traitor   #Drainswamp
And the people still don't know when your going to retire, you've over stayed your welcome
John again a failed and flawed policy
Sir, why are we attacking POTUS?  He doesn't write military strategy he approves it after he gives intent.  You know this.
Maybe you all should get a few of us lowly "tactical leaders" to come up there and tell you what/how to win.  Flag O's have no context!!
You are the LAST person the president should trust to tell!
7 years after you promised to repeal Obamacare and we'll still suffering. WE deserve better-care like u get. And stop bashing our @POTUS
Americans deserve a better health care plan, but you alone screwed every American over with your vote
Obama told the enemy his plans well in advance; they used it to further their cause.  McCain can't be trusted; should be on Armed Serv Comm.
Today?  Seriously I am not being coy but has the cancer spread ?
Please use this time to craft and pass common sense gun laws.
I'm sorry but you are the swamp you should happily retire. That would be the real man thing.
