The shadow government/NWO wanted Obama not u but you r still under evil influence
this man doesn't speak for the American ppl. He has his own agenda
Way way past time for Old Johnny Boy to retire!
Why aren't you in DC voting on cabinet members instead of wasting our tax dollars?

mcCain is such an old loser he farts dust, he is a traitor to his party.
McCain go home no one elected U 2 represent the US we elected / hired Trump now POTUS
then maybe he should show up instead of golfing at Mar-A-Lago??
POTUS is busy at home fixing BHO mess created over BHO 8 years of terror
So ignorant..
what TERROR??
All of it.....the horror of it all!
OK. So you can't name actual policies. Stop watching so much Fox news.
Do they money to cover 2% of the GDP or you r going to cover that!
U r wasting taxpayers' money. Irrelevant Non-hero. Time to recall this maggot. #MAGA
You are intensely disliked and speak for no one.
Thank Heaven-- they'll see that one Republican Senator has integrity and smarts.
Why so many photo ops? Keep focused on achieving results.
McCain should not even be involved in anything having to do w our foreign affairs.Retire McCain
You even don't know when NWO took place! It's after called war by shadow government.
I agree, You have lost so much you do not know how to win or back the winning side @SenJohnMcCain @MunSecConf @erna_solberg @borgebrende
A bunch of rich white people at a table..... whooopy doo!!!
Thank you, Senator, for being a TRUE Statesman and representing us well!
This isn't about Parties anymore Dem/ Rep , it's about what's right ! I believe in u !
McCain votes for war whenever he can & he bragged about personally meeting with ISIS & wanting to arm them against Syria
YOU don't represent us, McCain! Songbird!!!
Pres. Trump is not a dictaitor you are a "dick" without a taitor. @SenJohnMcCain @MunSecConf @erna_solberg @borgebrende
You Traitor to Country+shill for Dems. Attack POTUS is attack on USA. Resign Now!
Traitor John McCain.
who the hell are you McCain
how many times did you stab @POTUS in the back?
Unable to win election because you are so inept and chicken how you folded to Obama
Thank you for your brave, strong words in Munich. Please continue to stand up for Western values, despite party affiliation.
Keep NATO allnc alive but make it btr for 21cen. Putin IS a killer & enemy
Maybe you should TAKE THE TIME to have a discussion with President Trump and clear the air instead of backstab
@seanhannity How did it feel pretending to be President on your trip McCain?
Just curious McCain, is there any mental illness in your family? It may be showing.
You should re-locate there, Johnny boy!
on another tax payer sponsored "BOONDOGGLE" where he claims POTUS is a dictator with an Admin in "Disarray" = Embarrassment.
Disgraceful performance, undermining POTUS in a foreign arena, shame on you.
He McCain. How much does George Soros pay you? You are either a sell out or senile. Do  you know what a dictator is? Shut up
no one wants or needs you representing the USA
John McCain, I used to be a supporter. Not now. Silence yourself and get behind YOUR president.

RINO trying to stay relevant by speaking against America just like Obama. Traitor RINO
Giving speeches against America you are a RINO lying traitor.  Delete your account.
my last tweet to u. Does it not worry u that ur supporters here are ALL snowflakes 
SHAME on you! Support ur commander and chief. Military training didn't stick I see.
Sir - I commend you and support you though not happy about most of your confirmation.
SNAKE
your own people from AZ cringe at your embarrassment to them...You are GONE
does Vietnam have a return policy?
Tired of your Soros inspired bullshit. Take the Roman senate way out...and retain some pride. Otherwise, we won't be pretty.
Sir are you the only one on the Hill who sees that DJT is mentally ill!
treason!
RINO go home! Get rid of this traitor. Songbird.
did you enjoy stabbing our president in the back? RINO
u suck McCain u obviously lost ur way as a bad soldier
McCain MUST GO
Looking for another place to send our troops?  Or to encourage them for having open borders?
You are a senator. And not a very good one. Get back to AZ and do work for USA.
I'm comforted by the fact you are there, representing us with dignity and wisdom.
Keep up the good work and thank you for your service.
Ahhh...if only: President John McCain
Stop pretending to be Our President !

Our President is Donald J. Trump
time to step down McCain. Your usefulness as a conservative is over. Bye.
sir you are a hero to us!now is your time.fir sake of us all you must join dems demanding joint comm & special prosecutor!NOW
you are an #EnemyoftheAmericanPeople you hate the #USA. #Traitor. 
@MunSecConf @erna_solberg @borgebrende
HEY STUPID WE HAVE A  1952 FEDERAL LAW FORBIDDIN ALL MUSLIMS FROM EVER ENTERING/BEING IN AMERICA OUR MARINE HYMN STATES IT TO
Be sure to let them all know u r just a Senator from AZ that lost his bid for POTUS. And, oh, Pres Trump won his.
Mr McCain I am glad you are there. Please reassure our allies the USA is not DJT
getting support for the coup overseas?
Please inform them we are not part of a global initiative anymore.
Run along back home and get your Soros paycheck. You've earned it.
You should have been in DC representing AZ!why ru in Europe trying to sabotage Trump!
retire already

Showboating back-stabber! Hasn't changed in 70+ years! Adores gullible fools!
Get out of the senate before we fire you!!!! You are full of it and I don't mean facts
Love your swagger, please keep speaking out for Democracy, America and we the people.
U seem 2 b 1 of the few Rep. that care about "we the people" Trump needs 2 b impeached
The GOP doesnt want 2 investigate Trump becuz it will b damaging 2 the  party Cover up
The news quotes you as saying the Trump admin is in disarray - why would you say that
Support Trump
Any more calls from Ukraine?
A full independent bipartisan investigation must be done on Trump and his cronies.
Is STUPID - #894/899 @USNavy Academy @MunSecConf @erna_solberg @borgebrende #nato #russia @realDonaldTrump #MAGA @PRNewswire
I am an Independent who believes that Trump is VERY dangerous to this country.
Thank God, you're there.  B the hero which u already r.
Senator McCain, I believe u are a man w/ integrity who will put the people over party.
You all should know that McCain is systematically removing healthcare from US citizens
Thank you for putting country over party.
No Speak Deutsche, gutentag; Sen. McCain, the time of day in Munich,Germany
What are you doing subverting OUR Democracy in Germany? GET OUT!
Dont BelieveA Word FRAUDSTER McCain Says! @MunSecConf @erna_solberg @borgebrende @realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump @drudgeheadlines
As you trash POTUS while on foreign soil? Good for whom?
So sad our Illegitimate Pres can't stop tweeting about Nordstrom long enough to attend
Thank you for speaking out on America's behalf. I am a Dem. but a proud American first
Hahahahahahahahaaaaaa. Mccain ran a fail campaign against Obama. The old man should respect himself  and support Trump.
your comments about @POTUS are disgraceful.  You should be ashamed
:crazy sénator for usa.!!
Help us against Trump and you will have the democrat vote in 2020 !
With all due respect, Sen, why are you over there to assure foreign leaders when the American ppl are here and SCARED TO DTH?
I'm not scared! The 63 mil that voted for Trump aren't either!!
Thank you Senator McCain for your leadership!
stabbing your commander and chief in the back is NOT leadership.
Did you dog the new president this time?!? Disgraceful! You should go home and stay!
Grateful to see someone sane and with integrity representing USA. Thank you Senator McCain!
Americans are petrified sir. Thanks for your courage.
Senator pls assure all there that all Americans aren't crazy.
enhanced interrogation for all RINO'S: forced to watch the English Paitent 24/7 for wk
and while you were away, what's this bill preventing AZ from writing its own laws?
nice vacation on our money McCain! Time for u to get off the tax payers back
I for one am so very happy you're there @SenatorJMcCain to calm the waters.
B sure 2 let them know, trump is NOT a reflection of the majority of ppl here!
PLEASE TELL US WHAT UR GONNA DO ABOUT THAT TYRANT IN THE OVAL OFFICE!! DONT BACK DOWN!
John we are counting on your integrity to save our democracy!
Thanks for being the grown up & fixing trump's disastrous attempts at diplomacy
McCain not fixing anything!! How longs he been in the senate??  30 yrs????
shameful going abroad to attach @POTUS
retire
I love Norway .. I mean the Geographical Position of that country ;)
John McCain, you undermine our president.  You are all talk and no show!  Resign!
it's time for u to retire
Did you do anything subversive there?
retire McCain
I believe in you sir! You still represent the GOP 

Wow!! That speaks volumes about McCain for him to be seen w/Soros!!
#trump needs 2 explain why #bannon on #nsc is a must 4 #trumppresidency & country.
Recognize. That. Trump. Is. Awful. Please.
