You sir have no right to Discuss POWs. You're a traiter I did read about your Service record!
Songbird McCain...the truth of your treason WILL come out...hopefully before you are pushing up daisies....looking forward to your fall
My extended family has served WW1 and 2 my husband was active duty AF . Service to country is action not just word or use of jets Thank you
You sure tried your best to hide their existence didn't you? Why won't you talk about those you left behind to be executed....
Just returned from Vietnam. Saw cages and museum. YOU ARE A REAL HERO. WE OWE YOU AND ALL VIETNAM VETS
Don't fall for Trump Tricks John... let the clock run out 9/30 for that repeal/replace .Trump wants to destroy America and annex to Russia
Where the hell do you libatards come up with this shiznit? Trump has NEVER done anything but try and help Americans,U still spew lies! #MAGA
Thanks for sharing and thank you for your service sir. No better example of an American Hero.
I still remember protesting in front of the whitehouse with my family. The league of families wanted answers on POW's.
We the people wish to forget you!!!  #Traitor #RINO

Without your roadblocks on release of your "Fellow" POWs. More would have made it home. All of your tactics to hide canary's secret??
You have forgotten them by not keeping your word to repeal Obamacare.
We love you Mr Sen John McCain (for many reasons)!  We will never forget your heroism (on many fronts!).
Sweet Lies - the "technically" correct status is - 'AWOL.'
YOUR NOTHING MORE THAN A TRAITOR AND A CRIMINAL ...GO AWAY...!!!!
When are you going to RETIRE....???
Thank you for your service!
Its too bad your the one that isnt missing
Thank you for your service to our country
Thank you for your service
......a land of APES ?
I've always had so much respect for John McCain not anymore. A sellout to republicans he only became a politician sad
Are you fucking kidding John. Liberal American doesn't think of POWs. Obama entitlement gave Liberals a pass in life never knowing it's past
Trump posted a similar tweet the other day, but his is ironic, if anything, given how he disrespected you a few years ago.
Honor ALL,That's right! And remember @realDonaldTrump said, “.... I like people who WEREN'T captured.” #SenJohnMcCain Real American Leader!
Well never forget you & well never go get you USA.....
You wouldn't ever take healthcare coverage from veterans yet you will let your party take it from my autistic son, the old, the sick-NO!
@MeghanMcCain . We honor those that put their lives on the line everyday - thank you - you stood on that wall of freedom !
Tell it to your Pres.Any Nazi/KKK POWs those good people you call the enemy????
As a veteran I thank 4 your service, as a human being I wish you well. As a politician I don't like you.
They should have left you.
Sen. McCain, I don't always agree with your politics since you don't help your fellow Republicans but honor you as an American hero.
Then why the McCain Bill that blocks those with knowledge of MIA/POWs from coming forward.  You are a disgrace to America, and to the Navy.
+1, sir. I remain deeply offended by Pres. Trump's disparagement of your service and the moral stand you took for your brethren in arms.
Senator McCain has been granted free deeds if he wants! Invest in space mining by making an asteroid claim today:
You are a hero no matter what @realDonaldTrump says
The only traitor is @realDonaldTrump.
Right to honor them. But an empty proclamation if you don't first apologize for insulting @SenJohnMcCain & all who were held/are missing. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/908768057140629506 …
http://www.pbs.org/kenburns/the-vietnam-war/home/ …  A Must Not Miss documentary
My father and his navigator remain MIAs 50 years after their plane crashed in the Gulf of Tonkin. 1/2
honor and praise those who sacrificed so much for this country
We will never forget the HERO you have always been,& will honor YOU for the all you've endured for our country
Thank you for your service Senator.
Thanks to you and all the service men and women who have sacrificed more than most of us can imagine.
My grandfather Emmett Rimmer was a Japanese POW for 4 years. Photo taken day they were liberated.  #POWMIARecognitionDay
Thank you for your service mccaine, thank you for your service
So, how much did you, Graham and Paul Ryan get from the Clintons too resist our President?? Would you like to tell we the people!!
Well said and thank you John...
While others collaborated with the enemy- am I right Tokyo Rose?
#POWMIARecognitionDay #WeRemember Thank You Sir and to all the #VietnamVets for your service to our Country  #ShowYourMorals 
war monger, closet dem, mccain has overstayed his welcome in public service by about 20 years. cancer, do your job.   MAGA.
Thank you for your service, sir.
OORAH SIR and I hope your health is better, I have family member with same diagnosis as you do, healing energy to you
Thank you for your service and sacrifice Senator. Now- could you please help begin the process of removing 45 from office? Again, thanks.
Hope you don't forget the American people and vote no on this new BS health care bill??
BULLSHIT. YOU'RE A TRAITOR THAT LEFT THE REST OF THE POW'S TO DIE!!!!!!!
What??? McCain had a chance to leave but chose to stay with his men! I wonder how well YOU would do for 5 years as a POW! He is a hero!
No they are not forgotten.

I disagree. Gentlemen, keep President Trump in check, before he does or say something else stupid.
And you repeat yourself again. RETIRE Brutus
DUDE just one thing before you die #TermLimits PLEASE be a good soldier and do it for the people BRO #TermLimits do the right thing WWJD?
