Stay there. Please.
yes!
mean ISLAMISTS IN KOSOVO?  the traitor McCain
go there cz the welcome from Arizonians will not be warm. pple are not happy.  but why shld u care, you were re elected
You upload this phot and make it angry putin because he is the dictator and leadr of all orthodox
There to gloat about adding Macedonia to warmongering NATO globalist alliance? Expand the drugs and weapons trafficking, training ISIs???
Excuse me, but nobody has forgotten #Trumprussia
Take Grahm with you. Both of you can write books. Dont care if R lose the senate. YOU and Grahmn need to go ASAP. why does AZ vote for u...
Hurry back.  You need to help start impeachment
That's very nice of them. How about you get your ass back home and help deal with this Russia problem?
Russia is right next to kosovo aka Serbia so even there he can deal with the problem... they even installed a base in albanian LANDS i
Well then, the more you know! Good information
It's false of course, bunch of nonsense
Says Who?! Oh a Serb as always ...
well deserved Senator
Careful John if they knew ur intentions things wouldn't have been so warm
Kosovo will be next US-Russia clash. He was sent there for a reason
Isn't that the place where the Russian ambassador that got killed was investigating organ trafficking?
Full of KSA backed Islamists now like Bosnia.
JUST RETIRE YOU WAR MONGERING SENILE OLD MAN. Everyone hates you. You stand for nothing you Neo-CON. YOU ARE IRRELEVANT TODAY. go away

Next thing you know : War on the Balkan
Probably afraid you are going to bomb them..
already sold them some weapons as well?
Lucky you, still got your organs with yourself!
Stay there, we don't wan't you back!
Maybe he interfered in @SenJohnMcCain 's businesson organ trafficking...
Definitely more popular there than here in AZ
Only because of CNN deceiving sheep that fell for lies
Poor old guy thinks he's the president- probably doesn't even know what country he is in....
collaborator
Or to McCain's social media person: Go home and face your constituents. Investigate #RussiaGate
Kosovars loves dirty old WASP!
Dear senator McCain you fully deserve the welcome from kosovan's we are very grateful of what you and you country has done for us godblessUS
DO YOUR JOB. #IndependentInvestigation
Some of Mc Cains real consituents...
C unt
Why r u traveling the globe supposedly representing America? How long will it take u to criticize our President? U have done that Everytime
Make McCain show his passport. Vet him hard. Don't let him back in
presume it is better than a reception in Arizona.
Maybe you should stay there since you've turned into a lapdog here. What happened to the maverick who challenged GW? Send him back.
bill says hallo to yours nice bill_board :))
PLEASE STAY THERE. FOR GOOD...SONGBIRD
And how did that help us at home? Why aren't you visiting your constituants instead??
stay there.  America's safety is directly proportional to your physical distance from her.
Watch the movie Whistleblower. I'm sure the UN Peacekeepers put up that sign for you @SenJohnMcCain . They are big fans of sex trafficking.
Feel free to stay
Stay there... U are among friends in that awful  place.
Not the smart ones.
Stay
Get back in your cage
Stay there, you warmongering RINO.
Don't they realize that you are trumps boy with lips firmly planted on his ass? Sad once had respect for you.
Stay there....
may I ask what you are doing there? There's a shitstorm brewing at home and you are in Kosovo? Do something constructive
Nice. Your place is back in DC where you should be doing everything necessary to remove this dude from office #DemocracyInPeril
Yes- one is at least a secret service agent.  (The one taking a whiz on the tree as though no one could see him.)
Why are you in Kosovo? Meeting Deripaska? Stirring up more trouble?
Right after your unannounced visit in #Syria a gassing occurred.. 
organ capital of the world
Thank You for sharing so much with the  American people , you Truly represent this nation proudly. Sen. John McCain; The McCain Family
Lying trump how much longer can you support him?
Looks like a #draintheswap  #TermLimits photo op. Vacation to Kosovo? #Resign you fraud and stop wasting our $
What's your take on USA dropping the MOAB on Afghanistan, Senator?
Where are they? Just a sign?
Kosovo for NATO?
We don't give a shit McCain, haven't you noticed that most of us would like to beat some sense into you?
Hope you found a good summer home.
Of course we welcome you sir it is an honour and our culture demands it so.. we always honour our allies
unfortunately they don't know him to be the rat we do.
Hey Senator: Why don't you go home and meet with your constituents? I'm sure you could learn something useful from them.
You are having fun wasting our money so you can add to your photo collection.
How far do you have to go, @SenJohnMcCain, to avoid facing your constituents?
Trump owns stocks in Raytheon, the MOAB makers, Russia Steel manufacturers, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, etc. More than Cheney did!
New World Order Globalist Sellout! You betray your country and spit on my grandfathers grave. You aren't even half the man he was! TRAITOR!
do they have concerns that our president might bomb them next?
Taking up residency? Or looking for a retirement villa?
Good to see Kosovo spared no expense at your arrival.
Wish you were as good to us. Get to work here.
Glad you are having a nice warm time. When you get a chance could you stop Your President from starting WW3?!!! Please!
You can thank Bill and Hillary Clinton for that, but you wont.
