WHY is it Mr. McCain that you are such a friend of all the libeal lefty news shows now?  You are trying to take down POTUS.  IT IS OBVIOUS
McCain, you need to get off all these talk shows and start acting like a Senator. Get the nuclear codes out of Trump's hands. Do something
Traitor songbird McCain
Go sell that WAR! WAR! WAR!  McCain loves WAR!  You're a thug and a murderer, Songbird.
Traitorous RINO
Please tell the world that you don't agree with POTUS' statements that there was no good reason to fight the civil war...
There wasn't any good reason to fight a civil war in America. You sound like a war hawk.
Should have just stuck with slavery?  Gave the south the right to keep slaves but negotiate a tax settlement? Is that what you're saying?
Nope. I'm saying there were a lot issues. Read an unbiased history book.
Lol. Stop spewing this neo southern right wing propaganda.  States rights (to keep slaves). Economic disputes (over unpaid labor).
How come u only give most interviews on fake news networks? Is it because ur a fake republican? Ur nothing but a anti-Trump traitor.
Troubling to hear repeatedly "strong Nat Sec team" when @StateDept so weakened by exodus and layoffs. Experienced diplomats gone.
How about discussing Russian hacking, collusion, impeaching the corrupt 'potus'- then passing an infrastructure bill?
Hey, how about you fall in line with @realDonaldTrump and shut it down to "fix this mess". Are you in favor of 51% all the time?!?!?
Don't Care what u have to say, much less on a MSNBC forum #northkorea
You are an obstructionist to your own party. Thank God you never made it to the presidency.
Listening to you support this nut job demeans your legacy as a trusted leader. It's very sad to witness. I had doubts in '08, but no longer.
That's it to a tee.
Sen. McCain, I appreciate your common sense & wisdom, but calling @POTUS on a learning curve, better days ahead is simply wishful thinking.
What is your red line with @POTUS? Killing anyone in your way does not make one 'a smart cookie', it makes you EVIL. Red line anywhere here?
Let's compare Kim Jang-IL to US freaking invasions? Body count matters.
I do feel confident @SenJohnMcCain will eventually have a red line with what @POTUS says... looking forward to that day.
McCain has NO LINE he can draw. He's crossed too many burning Syria.
Good interview Senator. Outside the distractions of @morningmika sighing and making whiny noises in the background
This was a good comment, outside the #EverydaySexism that it oozed.
No sexism, just fact!
Yawn
You are a good man! God save you!
The republicans are destroying America, with their "STOLEN"  majority rule. NO HEROES in the bunch
JM you are still a traitor!  This time GOP  and to the American Public who VOTED for the changes u try to discredit. #RetireMcCain
I really don't understand why they interview a senile old man.
If the Republicans can't get things done - I will vote muslim 2020
Why don't you Republicans do something about Trump, he is destroying the United States.
HOW CAN YOU BOAST WHEN BASHING PRESIDENT TRUMP??? MSNBC LOVES WHEN YOU DO THAT. THE REST OF THE REAL AMERICANS IGNORE FAKE NEWS.
Please discuss in detail the Russian/Trump investigation
Please stop romanticizing Reagan, he was the beginning of the end of true democracy in the USA. #saveourdemocracy
John McCain, the useful idiot of the liberal media. The media loves trainwrecks.
Sad
After letting 45 insult his heroism & not defend his own honor, I have lost (nearly) all respect for @SenJohnMcCain, who puts party over US.
Will you talk about the foreign agents in the WH? Why not? What are you doing about it?
INCREDULOUS how you can coverup presidential ineptitude on Morning Joe. #ResistTrump
thanks for your comments this morning sir! Love seeing you...great respect for your steadfast adherence to American values!
Military myopia is dangerous. It should not be the only tool on your toolbox.
need to confront the fact that this POTUS' rhetoric about dictators, the constitution & desire to centralize his powers reflects instability
You're just itching for a war.
Stand up for America. Stop being so disappointing.
John, you're just a Democrat disguised as a Republican!You've always been against Trump but now you make it too obvious...
You hide behind your dedicated service but you've wore that card out!Just shamelessly cash that check monthly from Americans&Republicans!
Terrible budget bill Senator, that''s not what we voted for! NO Funding sanctuary cities, yes, FUND THE WALL!
Deep breaths, snowflake. Chill.
Stop making excuses for the POTUS. He is not going to change. GOP needs to call him on his crazy BS. Words matter.
After being a lifelong Dem I am starting to respect JMC a little more every day But come on. Trump's color is not bright. Call it like it is
Noticed how you tiptoed around the topic of Trump's crazy speak. As long as he drops bombs you're okay with his questionable leadership.
Very disappointed in John McCain- he refuses to acknowledge the president is a danger to the WORLD,REP.  Will let him destroy us. BIG MEN
@SenJohnMcCain Trump & @gop are attacking Americans & our democracy every day. Trump is CRAZY. Your proping him up. Pathetic
Mr. Senator, do you know who Alexei Navalny and how you feel about the attack on him in Moscow?

Fighter planes down for lack of parts? Not remembering Obama refusing to sign appropriations bill. What have you done for the last 8 years?

I totally respect Senator McCain , a dignified gentleman
With all due respect sir... even as a Democrat I have always held you in high esteem.  After that performance on mj... you lost me.
@morningmika as a Republican, very sad to hear you making excuses for @realDonaldTrump's behavior.  Counting on you and @LindseyGrahamSC.
Disgraceful. I can't believe you're willing to go down with this ship @realDonaldTrump
You think we are standing up to Russia?  Democracy is under assault alight, from the WH and Congress
Reagan gone 30 yrs, move on. You're lucky, only on @Morning_Joe will you get away w/talking military in 'disarray' & not be asked 'how'.
The best potus we should've had
McCain is getting more press now then when he ran for president!'
When does McCain start to work for Americans? It seems his full-time job is tv shows, and part Congressman. Get back to WORK McCain!
Why does he refuse to hear many questions re Trumps mental health? 45 is not well and it's only going to get worse.
I know. Its hard for liberals to understand a leader who actuly gets things done that benefits ALL Americans.  This to shall pass
Your favorite network I'm sure. Traitor
I hear you say things about trump but you still back him 100%. You think he'll grow? Standing up to Russia??? Hahahaha
Here you go again We get that you r still but hurt b/c Trump destroyed u & exposed you but either get on the or retire Am people not w u
Does anyone ever ask if Trump is a Russian agent?
If this is the strongest national security teams we've ever had, why can't they tell @POTUS to stop talking, stop praising dictators.
Let me guess, you're going to beat the war drum? How about you sing a new tune song bird? #NoMoreWars
Perfect spot for you
You said "pay attention to what he does not what he says," so we're good, right? We're paying attention to him eating oatmeal right now.
There is no doubt that>elimination>essential health care is GENOCIDE/torture x definition & crime against humanity x @SpeakerRyan & cohorts!
The President should meet with all leaders good or bad of the world for a chance for peace and cooperation, even if it's the Devil
Explain Weaknesses² again?
Have a backbone, be an American 1st!! This president is bad!!!!
Here is u jihadist allies they killing innocent  ppl #leaveSyriaAlone {#whiteHelmets are #AlQaeda terrorists} @POTUS
Reagan called Nobel Peace Prize Winner Nelson Mandela a terrorist and Guatemalan Evangelical Preacher/General Rios Montt a Freedom Fighter
Nelson Mandela was fighting Apartheid and Racism like MLK. Rios Montt EXTERMINATED 250,000 Gentle Catholic Mayan Indians, gave their land to
No War-Drums, please.  And could you explain why we need to be spending more than 3x what China does on Military?
Would u be 'honored' to meet Kim Jung Un?
Move away from the island. They will cool their jets, no pun intended.
Until the pull a Japan style attack on the US. Clueless.
@realDonaldTrump  RINO McCain running to liberal buddies at MSNBC. Drain the swamp of this scum.
Why do you Show defiance for EVERYTHING OUR PARTY STANDS FOR? YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE! And you say your a Maverick no your a RINO YouStabUsAll
Looking forward to it Senator.
No one cares what you think. Why the need to be on TV everyday?
. . . REALY . . . THE NORTH KOREA . . .
HI GOOD MORNING Mr SENATOR .
