Yes, it is bigger than trump, but we cannot allow that criminal to run our country in the ground. He must go!
Never. Duly elected. Only libs have the arrogance to think they can change that. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
If he is found guilty of financial crimes or obstruction, would you still support him?
There has been NO evidence of anything. What kind of justice system looks says guilty before any evidence. Look into Mueller. #maga
Wow, you should get out more.  Do you read anything? you cannot learn from extremist media like Fox, Breitbart, etc. only brainwashing.
Jeanne would most definitely support Trump... until his actions harm her family, then she'll claim that she never supported him.
This whole fantasy that libs talk about, with not one bit of evidence, is what is unamerican. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Remember when the Republicans kept beating the dead horse... over... and over... and over
McCain when are you going to admit you hired that gps firm 1st to gather info on trump before the clinton campaign & recieved dossier first.
So wot is the scoop on USS #Forrestal?

Are the records really sealed?
#TraitorMcCain =caused massive fire on Air Carrier Forrestal before became Songbird for the Vietcong-His daddyAdmiral covered 4 #McCainFolly
#McCainTraitor cocky admiral's son got away consorting with the enemy.  I wonder if his injuries were from Vietcong-Fellow soldiers knew
So, Cathy, how many wars have you fought in? How did you do when you were being tortured?
Good question-Point of fact mccain collusion covered up & he was treated like hero-You R not a hero if you collude w/enemy no matter torture
If you think McCain colluded with the enemy, I'm dying to hear what you think about Trump's MANY ties to Russia?
Attacking the integrity of our elections is NOT a friendly move.
Trump, due to a fragile ego, can only see Russian investigations about himself when really protecting national security is on the line.
Mueller is hunting 4 a crime of financial dealings not n his mandate ! He has conflicts of interest, law demands he recuse himself!THE LAW !
Considering the matter under investigation, it would be downright negligent of Mueller to not follow the money in the investigation.
Mueller needs 2 follow money n Clinton foundation investigation 143M Clapper Brennan Lynch Rice Mueller Uranium Scandal WHATS WRONG ? DEMs !
Except Trump is the president, in the US we don't purge the political opposition after a transition & Russia is a foreign threat to US. 1/2
US national security and upholding our elected leaders to rule of law take precedence over petty political score settling. 2/2
That's exactly what I'm saying it has not been happening under the Obama Adm. It is essential that peaceful transfer of power take place !
I guess you haven't heard then - Trump won the election and Obama is no longer the president.
Unfortunately Sen McCain, from Trump's warped and sick perspective, EVERYTHING is about him. Full stop. EVERYTHING.
Trump has something to hide in the Russia probe! Trump is afraid of the truth! The Putin connection is troublesome!
Ah johnnyBoy has pals in the media. Who knew, eh?
I am so tired of you sir- go home, be with your family and leave the rest of us alone
Not quite accurate.  Trump is one of main players. If you don't see that then open your eyes. Illegal is normal for @realDonaldTrump
We all know the States Hillary believed were corrupted but they Found NONETHING so what R U all doing -KEEP BS ALIVE&WELL TO DISTRACT FROM
doing what U all do n Congress-NOTHING THAT HAS BEEN PLAN SENT MODERN DAYS. APPEAR 2FIGHT BUT IT'S YOUR REALITY&WE PEOPLE GET SHAFTED 
You are a true American hero
Yes, and what is our government doing to prevent it in future elections?
You need to come clean about your part in trying to sabotage our President.
Seems your hands are very dirty.  Russia? NO! Democrats! & YOU!
It's all about Trump. It's no secret that you want him impeached. That's the basis for your fishing expedition. #SeditiousConspiracy
That tumor metastisize yet? Here's hoping!
Big money and big power see NO country. There's no allegiance, patriotism, etc. Only a chance to make more money and obtain more power.
They go hand in hand since Trump would NOT be in office if the election system and democracy had not been attacked. So IT'S ABOUT TRUMP!
Mueller is compromised. Witch Hunt and nothing more. #InvestigateMcCain for being a traitor. #FireMueller a traitor too. McCain you are evil
So they are also looking into Clinton, lynch and Dnc?
retire
Would you care if he were guilty?
Would you even care if he was guilty?
The American people are sick of your forked tongue and cowardly stance on Health Care Reform! We are sick of the smokescreen Russia probe.
I can't believe my eyes where has this John been all these years

Our democracy  is being put at risk by this illegitimate president so yes it IS about him.
It should be about you! #RecallMcCain #Spendcindys$$
well said Senator. here's to you making a recovery SOON!
Someday we'll be glad Trump won
If not we'd never know how deep the Russian Invasion was or
how dangerous the Russo-American cyber war is
John let it go. Ur hatred for trump ruining ur legacy
Keep telling yourself that. 
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#Usefulidiot
#RussianAsset
#RussianAsshat
Sure it is... leaker was DNC insider who wanted to expose corruption
What about your collusion overseas?  I think that might be more interesting for them to investigate.

Retire John
Right Sen. McCain....but Trump and his miss guided family and cronies are part of it.
Yeah, right. Nobody believes that. It's about deep state trying to eliminate our #potus. And you're in the deep state.

Trump is the symptom of the disease. The disease is the hidden, uneducated poverty in USA. The middle class is dying.
Your legacy is reduced to lies and deceit. Russia probe is about butthurt egos. AZ should ask for resignation due to health
AZ should ask for his resignation due to dementia and mental instability
It's about all of it.
Yes but it is time for Senators to stop accepting that Trump won the election legitimately. He is not a legitimate President.
I'm pretty sure you, your #RINO buddies and your true party dem pals have made sure it's all about Trump. #traitor #fakedossier
Right, right, John. It's all about Trump and you know it! That's what you want! Support/back/defend our President or retire!
HERE COMES THE KOCH BROS>>JOHNNY MAC SHIT
How much did George Soros pitch in for that one?
True, it just happened that Trump and his minions might be envolved in such big treason. He should stop kissing Putin's A.. harder sanctions
The way Trump acts about the Russia Investigation is the same way my puppy acts after she craps on the floor. It's def about him!!!
You all must be paid by Soros! Lmfao funny how no conservatives reply to McCain.
LOL You people have Soros on your brain. I used to be a Repub, until I saw the light. As for McCain he's a TRUE Patriot!!! You're NOT!!!
And @JeffFlake  too. Both tend to forget voters don't like the establishment. Theyre the same as democrats which explains why you like him.
Why did he 'sign reluctantly'? Trump is an enemy of American Democracy (to put it mildly, not to mention the crimes & collusion & cover-up)
Name one crime...
I'll leave it up to the professionals to classify the nature of his Russian ties and lies through the many years leading up to the election.
The only American candidate to benefit from Putin was Hillary Clinton. Professionals? You mEan the nyt which said Hillary had 92% chance?
Forget about @HillaryClinton. U need to focus on shit happening now or your country is done. Putin is running @realDonaldTrump You blind?
Trump thinks everything on this earth is about Trump.
WRONG! #MAGA
What about the China probe and Clinton N.K.probe. I guess we can all smile when N.Korea nukes our ass!
U should watch this video #McCain

Watch the uncovering of a #Hypocrite

#JustSaying
#ICYMI .@ScottBaio expressing how we feel about @SenJohnMcCain "You're a hack, you're not a hero, you're a liberal hack" 

…
@ScottBaio is a washed up has been ...go away!
#Patriots don't name call

I mean I'm  not gonna call u an #asswipe 

NOPE I refuse
And he will go to his grave never losing an election. So sad.
It is about .@realDonaldTrump &any member of his campaign/admin if he or they aided,abetted, conspired, or colluded w/putin or his crime org
Fuzzy logic frm a man w/ brain cancer. It is about all th things mentioned, plus th Trumps (Melania) connection 2 th USSR communist league.
Why weren't you interested in a real investigation into Clinton, Lynch, Holder, Obama??
Was interested - nothing came from it! How long can u beat a dead horse? Time to move to real mess @ hand!
Sweetheart w all due respect I was speaking to McCain and in my opinion those issues aren't dead and were not properly investigated.
Your opinion which are all allowed to have!
thank you.
Sen John McCain, Thank you for not being afraid and standing up to Trump and your efforts to defend our country
Snowflake detected.

It better be about Trumps involvement.
They are absolutely right.  It's just a coincidence that Trump campaign members and Trump himself has so many ties!
and his attitude toward Putin is just plain creepy.
Its about 1 man's deal to have the russians interfere in our processes to undermine the trust in the Democratic system. Its about Trump .
It's sort of half true. Yes the #TrumpRussia probe isn't just abt Trump. It's mostly based on the depths of our democracy & the spectrums...
Yes, absolutely
Killary paid 4 terrorist why u didnt use that monet for poor ppl
Imagine if $1 billion went to helping 45 million poverty-stricken Americans.

Instead we armed jihadists to topple Syria's secular gov't. https://twitter.com/thearabsource/status/893795729788944384 …


Politics aside, is anyone else finding it charming that he posted a photo he took of the newspaper? Vive la print!
Did anyone actually read this article? America we should be seriously afraid!!!!!!

U & @LindseyGrahamSC  need to be first investigated as leakers @fbi @AGJeffBSessions  nevertrumpers def guilty @realDonaldTrump
John ..put down the iPad you need your rest ..RINOing 24/7 (even for you ) is exhausting ..retirement goals..UR TERM has reached its limits
Yes 
"Innocent until proven guilty", but IMHO it's about Russia AND Trump
That's right so why is everyone making it about Trump!Including you,MaxineWatters and the whole lot of Democrats?You along W/them want
Blah blah ..! impeachment asap that's it that's all , or offer same fate as Lincoln and Kennedy ,
Get rid of problems the American way
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain!! Please keep doing what you're doing and bringing this perspective forward!!
SIR, if thats true then why isnt Hillary, Susan Rice, former AG Lynch and others with ties to Russia are not being looked at/witch hunt
SCOTUS led breakdown of our govnmt when they voted to allow our elections to be bought by the rich. This must be changed. Along with PAC .
Yes. Citizens United a big turning point in our demise. Gorsuch, etc. will uphold. . . 
Most liberals agree with McCain. Why is that?
Thank you Senator, for thinking rationally and helping to halt a rushed, harmful and incoherent health bill.
Lol, what election system these presidents are hand picked before hand,you know that.Except this one. That's why there running scared
Thank you!
This is true and if @realDonaldTrump has nothing to hide he would want this investigation to happen smoothly and quickly! Yet he fights it!
U need to retire. Go be with your family.
Turncoat trying to save his legacy!  Redirecting the focus, won't work!  Comment on Comey's revealed lies if you want to mend credibility!
You know it's all about bringing down Trump!  As was your health care vote!  Stop lying.
It may not be about the orange reptile. But that doesn't dismiss anything having to do with him. #ReptileDysfunction
Yes senador, it's about Trump. Where was your concern the last 8 years. We had a president that spied on his opponent and use the IRS weapon
I think you need to re read the directive given to Mueller. It shouldn't be abt @potus and yet it is...BS
Moron McCain shot down 5 jets vid gross incompetence. He also blew up USS Forrestral with loss of many lives. He is a hero, Not!
Thanks for your independence @SenJohnMcCain it's needed now more than ever. Our country depending on you. Do what u know is right. Bless You
Stop talking.  Sellout.
keep fanning the flames, even on your death bed, John. But if @POTUS is taken down, #civilwar2 will be inevitable!
Who's going to explain that to Trump cause he doesn't get it.
Truth.  But Trump is the poster child
And I love how Senator McCain's fans are all apparently Democrat..... Hmmmmm
=> Exactly why Trump can't stand it:  It isn't about him.  He may, however, be collateral damage at its conclusion, but it isn't about him.
Great editorial. With @realDonaldTrump, it's all about him. And that is what will bring him down.

No it's about you in DC turning your backs on oversight starting on 9-11-2001! This coup started in 2001!
Pure garbage McLame.
Just happens to be the person who conspired w/ Russia to steal the election and then obstructed justice to cover. But it's not about him.
Yes it is. It's a witch hunt. What is the crime ... and why are u obsessed w ruining America?
So then we don't need a special prosecutor and his staff

Opposition leader Alexei Navalny says he has 50-50 chance of being killed by Putin http://trib.al/yPiUzoK 
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/885196341143511040 …
PATHETIC FOR TRYING TO SABATOGE OUR PRESIDENT.  IN 2016 YOU ALL KNEW ABOUT RUSSIA SO WHERE WAS YOU DEMICRACY THENTRAITOR

Umm...then how is it Mueller's probe somehow has morphed into looking into Trump's finances??? You're right...it's about democracy *eyeroll*
actually do something useful like look into people that have committed crimes (oh like your ties with Russia?) Or your ties with Ukraine??
It is about all of what you say. It is also about Comrade tRump and his Swamp Rats he brought to the WH. He was a mistake voted in by idiots
If you guys have to tell Trump supporters that it isn't about Trump to get them to read and use common sense, I'm all for it!
So why were you a party to the fake Russian dossier against Trump???? You lack the moral caliber necessary to uphold democracy!!!
are you kidding ?????
Dems keep using this term "election system" because it sounds more important than saying the Russians hacked Podesta' gmail account.
Keep charging forward John!  #McCainStrong
Your feelings got in the way of the people we all get our feelings hurt sometimes it doesn't mean we hurt other people you are full of 
It's not too late to do something about all of those, Sir. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Fake dossier.  You need to be investigated.
He is a danger to Homeland security and the constitution. His election demonstrates how broken the electoral college is.
You're a jealous hack. Trump is POTUS and you're not....thankfully
McCain you FAILED American voters, colluding w/ democRATs. ObamacareLESS IS Dead. Legal immigrants & seniors pray for People Pres Trump
Thank you.
Better late than never I guess. John you better move quickly
Sadly, I do not believe this to be true bc Obama knew the extent of the meddling and did nothing.
BO was in a dammed if he did, dammed if he didn't situation. Not saying I think he did the right thing, not sure actually, but I get it.
No.
He could have stepped things up in summer of '15, months before first primary,but CHOSE not to.
How does it feel John he's president you never became president that's what it's about, no one liked you your legacy is being a LIAR
It stunning that Trump supporters don't see this threat to our democracy!
What are they even being accused of? Spreading true information about Hillary online?  Ok... and? 
And Trump

You know how you GOP types got millions from donors 'Cause u said you'd repeal Ocare? I think they're mad at you.
He is a National and Global Security Risk and pushing his buisnesses and now Trump TV ! How do we stop this madness? Asking for the country.
AND Trump.
John you are a traitor to your party & your country. You would rather side with Democrats to obstruct change and attack Republicans.
We still don't trust YOU anymore.
Shut up mccain. Go work with the republicans.
keep trying, but your #terrorist #Jew sponsored #FakeNews is no match for the #truth. #Putin #NorthKorea #isREAL #antiTRUST #BULLSHIT
It's also about Trump
You need to retire.
no, it's more to do with US citizens colluding with an enemy nation to turn the USA into an illegitimate puppet state.
after all, a tyrannical government in constant chaos and turmoil is far easier to overturn. History is proof enough of that.
Really? I think this truly depends on whom you might ask. There are some serious democrats in power who this is all about @realDonaldTrump
You are a traitor to your country, John.  #songbird #SorosPuppet

McCain committed fraud running this ad. I'm going to keep posting it, until AZ has enough signatures for his recall. #tcot #ccot #gop #maga 
No it's about tRump. He knew,others knew of Russian involvement,complacency,& encouragement All repubs. Truly an attack from Russia & repubs
It is about all those interwoven things including trump. Can't separate out any! It includes financial in all of it.
But trump is involved and needs to be held accountable.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. Now if only a few of your @SenateGOP colleagues would grow spines and stand with you on this!
Thank you Senator! I wish @marcorubio would have followed your example. After all the damage the Russians have caused #Cubans for decades

... which mostly 'involves' Trump.
So they say 
So if deemed GOP illegally colluded in treasonous way w/ a state enemy, Russia, then you'll demand to have new non-contaminated elections?
What's @SenJohnMcCain hiding? 
Agree!

Yet the phony dossier leads right back to you!
It's a real dossier.
Buzzfeed?  Allege?
@SenJohnMcCain knows how these investigations go, they keep expanding until they find someone guilty of something.
Could it possibly be about both? Its hard to believe Trump doesn't have ulterior motives for wanting to placate the russians
All Trump haters on this thread including McCain got their political ass kicked last Nov..Trump haters are miserable people..get a life!
I have a GREAT life and do not support #TraitorTrump
First, we're a republic, not a democracy (progressives call us a democracy)

Second, Russia did not change a vote after it was cast

he won
It's not that I think the Russia investigation should not go forward. I object to 24 hr cable speculation in lieu of any concrete facts.
Knock knock your tumor is calling.
he still denies it
And trump....
should those associated w/Trump at time of hacking show 2 know & dealt w/Russians at any time should b investigated just like any1 else
