Good thing you voted for Tillerson, an official friend of Russia, to step up to him!
+DeVoss +Sessions. Wonder why a maverick tweets this stuff? Right hand tweets BS, left hand votes for idiots
Seriously, if McCain means what he says, why does he vote along party lines every single time?
True but at least he is there. He's the rights moral center
I don't hate McCain, but seriously, he's not going to vote against one cabinet nom?
Pleased to see @SenJohnMcCain going crazy
This is our future under 45 and his alt right team.
the main competitor with a rating of 1%? !!! funny
what are you doing to stop this from happening in the US? Nothing? Oh, perfect.
Senator, you know Trump's connections to Russia and his treason. Reveal the evidence and take him down!
Naw, just SEND ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE "scathing" letters!!      LMFAO!!!!!!
Is there not one courageous Republican? If the Dems had done this impeachment would be happening.
Sound anything like, "LOCK HER UP!, LOCK HER UP!"?
....what will you do, Senator, re pursuing truth through investigations of GenFlynn and depth of US gov ties to Putin?
WHAT EXACTLY is your point here @SenJohnMcCain ??? @GOP is totally CORRUPT and your pointing out a Russian Dem.???!!!
Sen, thank you for being the ONLY Repub with honor & backbone - please don't quit standing up!
@Reggiebub @SenJohnMcCain He ENDORSED TRUMP!!!
@sherryjones @WSJ and if you and a few of your GOP buddies don't step up...we are next. #wakeup
This is what we Americans fear from @realDonaldTrump & his disrespect for the rule of law & an independent judiciary.
I'd rather read that the US convicts Trump for his complicity with Putin.  WHAT IS THE STATUS OF YOUR INVESTIGATION?
LMAO!   NOT ONE DAMN THING!!!
do you think we can focus on our own country for a while, I know Soros wants you to inflame Russia...
@JuddApatow @WSJ So John, whatcha gonna do???
he will do nothing..he'll say he is opposed, and then do nothing
What the hell is he supposed to do? The pres likes Putin and Russia
And that's coming here if you do nothing to stop it. Death of democracy by the Republicans. #ImpeachTrump
WE ALL KNOW Flynn did NOT ACT ALONE! He is staff in THE DOSSIER! Trump is a TRAITOR! IMPEACH! AJ informed and fired!
it is very arrogant of Putin to hope for improved relations and want us to accept these kinds of actions. Thank you sir!
This is horrible. And it is unacceptable that @POTUS is in cahoots with this man. What are you going to do about it?
Senator - when can we get back to investigating Russia's involvement in the election? You are our only hope....
дебилы!)
Too bad they didn't convict you
Navalny is a joke!Nobody's voting for him!Unless you rig the elections!Three main oppostion party leaders have more luck
Senator it isnt necessary to deceive people, this is the ordinary swindler
Great! Now people in Russia and all other countries know that Uncle Sam doesn't support guys good for their countries
Immediately remove security clearance from Flynn and look into Trump treason!
0.5% популярность либеральных демократов в России - это выбор российского народа. Мак Кейн и WSJ вы смешны.
0,5% in popularity of the Liber Demoс in Russia - is the choice of the Russian people McCain and WSJ you are ridiculous.
...and this is who Trump defends? America begs you to investigate fully & transparently facts contained in the dossier.
we are begging YOU to help lead us out of this hell! We see what's going on, GOP complicity and silence speaks volumes.
it's sort of what you're letting 45 do to the judicial branch.  Shouldn't we be more concerned about that?
A former POW undermining America, playing war games. What gives?
Despised by both, Real Conservatives and Democrats. Shameless. Mentally unhinged.
Paranoid, Unhinged, Obsessed with Russia. For NOTHING. Just because he lost a screw.
Like McCain tried to do on Donald J Trump. Good. Now we know Putin is not Democrat and YOU ARE.
not sure why you're so crazy about Russia.  Worry about the USA
We need to thoroughly investigate Russia's tampering. This is imperative for the integrity of our democracy.
Why does our President idolize this man?
how come both the 2 previous superpower states so poorly managed today seen from Democratic point of view????
Senator please do not retreat from this. Our democracy cannot withstand this hostile takeover of our values and rule of law.
Watch Trump and Flynn on Russia.It is very concerning.  What are the guys, Bannon and Flynn,doing without Trump knowing?
Trump and the Repubs will follow suit.
Maybe it's because he reminds him of you!
@laurine3215 @WSJ just what Donald would like to do. Remember. "Lock her up" we are in trouble.
Maybe this is what we should do with YOU!
Did you tweet this because you like the idea? Never know which side you're on. #FlipFlop
@ImpactDemocracy @WSJ Like trump?
Go away, Songbird.  No one gives a sh*t WHAT you think.
and the republicans silence a female Senator.
@ImpactDemocracy @WSJ 
PUTIN WILL MAKEBANYONE GUILTY TO SERVE HIS ON PURPOSE.
Lock him up! Lock him up! Must be a proud day for the GOP to see their values expressed overseas... @SenJohnMcCain
Must-read @WSJ: "#Russia Convicts a Democrat: Vladimir Putin bars his main electoral rival from running" https://www.wsj.com/articles/russia-convicts-a-democrat-1486597983 …
Putin a dictator. This is who Trump has embedded and aligned himself with. Disappointing
Thats the way Putin rolls. Kill journalist who criticise him, tells courts how to rule, he is a dictator.
Sound familiar? No Russian collusion. #FireFlynn #FireTrump
good thing you don't live in Russia then. You so concerned maybe you can run against Putin.
Please investigate any Russian involvement in our election and/or our government.
We should not get involved in Russia's politics. We don't want them involved in ours. Respect them.
Do we live over there? Do we have problems of our own? Do we need to concentrate on U.S.? Who reads WSJ?
because we KNOW #PutinIsNotAMoralLeader when you get rid of your predecessor that is NOT THE AMERICAN WAY! #Democracy
Attaboy Vladimir! Follow your idol's footsteps. Dictators tell the constituency whatever they want, no matter the truth.
@CatchaRUSSpy @WSJ Trump & GOP (US party of crooks and liars) push state laws to curb dissent/suppress voting to hold power.
and yet you voted tillerson and sessions who is a Russian plant. @CatchaRUSSpy @WSJ
look at what happening in French elections- plan to make Europe Russian !! Get Trump out before wars !!
hmmm sounds like a trump playbook move.
How do you justify voting in support of all of Trump's appointees? Flynn is now suspected of collusion with Russia.
@CatchaRUSSpy @WSJ But ultimately you just keep rubber stamping Trump
Senator, You need to press the investigation of Russia's interference in our elections!  And Europe's!
this is the guy 45 "respects"? What next in this bromance? PDAs? #Impeach45
McCain go away you aren't relevant anymore.
if there was a way for our guy to do the same he would
@nakanotekeko @WSJ They ran.out of.poison?
We need you more than ever to take action to put country over party and stop Trump from destroying our Democracy.
Constants in RU: espionage, killing, imprisoning, corruption...more, all predictable. Hold accountable on world stage.
why do you care? America is no better. You all sell us out every day! Your all corrupt.
and yet you back a President who supports Putin.
traitor
So you don't want a Kremlin "puppet" in the White House but you want a US puppet in the Kremlin. asswipes?
Think we have enough of R own problems without sticking our long noses in Russian business. Take care of protesters here
@Arriadna @WSJ  We all know Russia was involved in our Election. Now we know Flynn contacted Russia... what's your response??
lock him up
#Maverick, please #engage!
Did Putin learn from Trump or did Trump learn from Putin? Two peas in a pod.
Now start talking about Trump's impeachment
that is what Dictatorship looks like. Trump campaigned on it.
...and yet you had the gall to endorse Trump knowing he was a Russian stoolie? You are some piece of work John.
@kremlinrussia International contributions to political campaigns in Russia are prohibited. Didn’t #GeorgeSoros tell u?
This man has less than5%of the vote;Yes,Russia's awful,but while you draw all America's focus on this foe,China's winning all
So, you are against this, correct?  Please prove it.  Thank you for your service sir, we now need you more than ever.
and even more than that. #resisttrump #saveus
Well, that is what dictators do! We are next!
yeah so investigate trump since he's a Manchurian candidate. Or just keep getting mocked and do nothing.
@holmanland @WSJ this is the America that our #sovietinchief wants #bigbrother #massivedebt no #ReligiousFreedom
what is happening with the investigation of Russia's interference in the election? Seems forgotten.
I second that. Whatcha gonna do John?? Take the Trump traitor down, stop complying
still looking at China and Iran. Looking for that mad rage that Russia gets from Sen. McCain! The election is over...peace!
This needs to not be a headline in the USA.
I knew you'd have your doltish, interventionist, flag waving mitts all over this. Go away.
Hey John when the hell are you going to retire you are getting to crankie in your old age.
@puppymnkey @WSJ | Now watch #Trump's fake freedom of speech supporters defend this action by #Putin
#Investigate #Russia #Putin #PutinTrump #TrumpPutin #Putinspuppet
Thanks for staying on this.
how long before something like this happens here? Trump asks for the name of a legislator to ruin his career??
@puppymnkey @WSJ now is the time to make up for palin. Please stop them from destroying our country.
Nothing like pseudo democracy.
@puppymnkey @WSJ when are you going to take this arguments to the senate?
...Don't let that happen here.  It's up to YOU, Senator.
sounds familiar to me, remember #LockHerUp?
This is not any of the United States business, so get off your horse and stop wanting to save the world. Work on the USA
The American people deserve better than this. Our freedom is at stake, where are these so called "Patriots" now???
Your man Trump is cozy with this guy, didn't flinch when Fox called him a killer, and said we're just like Russia.
@POTUS will defend this! #impeach
Where's the investigation of Trump/Putin?  Do more, please!
And thanks #McCain for supporting those in this administration and their nominees. Mad at you! #resist
please me McCain help us trump needs to be impeached please assist
and trump your dear leader who your so scared of. ...and who loves Putin...your in bed with evil.
I'm waiting for Trump to sign executive order to outlaw Democratic party, the judiciary & the Generals. He has Sheriffs.
disgusting bully who only has muscle power.
but you support TRUMPs hateful racist agenda-take care of USA when U have opportunity instead of selling us out #RespectUS
this Democrat thanks U for your service and thank U for being your own man and NOT Donald Trumps puppet, much respect
I'm sure the US will serve as a shining example of a democratic process not controlled by Putin.  Oh wait.
Given Trumps love fest with Putin. I ask what did we fight for 50 years ago? Putin is spitting on America.I'm heartbroke
But Russia is President´s Trump great mentor on how the Executive expects the courts to behave! I think "you" must-read
Coming to an America near you! No one stopped #PutinsPuppet before he was sworn in. Russian ties will never be revealed
IRS does not grant tax status to conservatives! And how many political opponents of the Clintons end up dead?
'building a case against Russia,' accelerating the collapse of the EU.
We get it John. Russia is bad. However, we need them to defeat ISIS and as balance against China. Get on board or GTFO!
Dear Senator McCain, I truly dissaprove of DeClassifieds exposing our US Classified retired personnel.
hey Putin's EasyD's bestie
Wouldn't expect anything less.
Trumpy really has nice mates
please do something to get that jack hole @realDonaldTrump OUT of the White House I can't believe he insulted you
@JuddApatow @WSJ Correction: no one gives a shit but warmongers and psychotic Trump haters.
@JuddApatow @WSJ Give us jobs, healthcare, and protect our borders,old man. No one gives a shit about Russian issues.
Your supporting DeVos & Sessions for shekles is shameful. Then u claim to stand up to Trump? This is what u are old man
u just do it behind closed doors in Arizona
I'm beginning to see why the alt-right like him now.  He's their Fascist George Washington.
I do not agree with this action but how do you want to influence that country?   Russia leadership is beyond bad
Too bad they don't prosecute violations of the code of conduct for sons of Admirals... #songbird
Your an rsole traitor John .... please just GO AWAY
Hey #songbird, some guys from the Forrestal say hi. And some mates from Hanoi would say hi, but they never got out. #traitor
Of course, we'll hear Mr. Trump criticize Putin for this anti-democratic travesty. Yeah, when hell freezes over.
DEMS problem: TRUMP embraces TRUE AMERICAN VALUES based on FAMILY & FAITH. DEM. PARTY abandoned these values & BASE.
No surprise - I wonder if trump considers this false media.
big talk, while you confirm a racist with a history of suppressing the vote. You're a disappointment.
how sad
this where we are headed if you guys don't stop it
- keep Russia out of us politics. Do your job senator
This is person your leader is buddies with! The Rs r better than this U better get control of this guy or throw him out.
You should have been the POTUS, sir. What happened ?
- Trump's outrage over Putin's actions to be tweeted in 3...2...1 -oh wait, love means overlooking such glaring flaws.
that was last year
The @realDonaldTrump has so much to learn from Putin. 
@jaketapper @WSJ Cuz you know, we're a lot a like. Both leaders trying to kill democracy.
Thank you for being a level headed conservative.  It seems to be rare these days.  Please keep up the good fight.
Fascism 101. And Trump & GOP are taking notes. This is madness.
Why don't you move on over to the Democrats party and quit pretending
@jaketapper @WSJ doesn't feel like we're that far from this John. The GOP is supporting Putin's actions by supporting trump.
I'm glad this is your last term. That's when officials show there true colors. You have always been a RINO.
#TermLimits
@MRodrigo613 show some respect, this man got tortured and served protecting your freedoms
Senator, you have an obligation to stop @realDonaldTrump from being a political puppet for Putin
