Except that she's now sold out after blasting the horrible impact of Obamacare on AZ. Then u go and keep it!!! How can she face FOX viewers?
Obviously she can't.  The Mccain's are apparently owned by lobbyists or Chuck S.  Big cash in their pockets?  Hmmm?  Sold out.  Shameful.
Honor your daughter and preserve your legacy. Keep health care coverage for Americans. Please vote NO on GOP's latest healthcare attack. TY
Oh you mean the free health care you get, that I pay for? REPEAL!!!  JM traitor!
Typical Cardinals...
Your sounding like just any "normal" Father. Wishing you speedier & ongoing healing,
Anyway I believe you took a clean dive (07-08),
Anyway I'll take you over that other John any day and the other John over both of you.
Is she moving to CNN?
If she does, all the true colors of the Mccain's will come shining through.
You suck
Wow...intelligent response. You must be a Trumpanzee.
Too bad her father ended her career.
I feel the same way
Happy for Megan but please vote NO i have brain tumor & have lost my ins!!!!!
My Army Vietnam Vet dad & my daughter. Patriot until death. I'll be the next one leaving her if #CassidyGraham passes. Please don't kill me.
She's a firecracker; you've both raised her right. 
I think perhaps she's a great deal like her dad! I wish nothing but the best for you and your family!
Says she cares about the HIGH premiums and deductibles we have to pay, but doesn't really give a hoot?  Hopefully she does. JM sure doesn't.
Yes, proud. But what if now
She became a transgender, Would
You both still be proud? Will she
Walk in spotlight with you? I doubt it!
Don't we all want a daughter fierce like @MeghanMcCain?
I'd love to have her as my daughter, but hopefully I could show her what true integrity is.
Miss her intelligent input on Fox
How nice. She was born rich and has taxpayer funded healthcare while the @GOP determined to take it away from ppl who desperately need it.
This is my daughter. She will live life without me if #CassidyGraham passes, forever wondering why her veteran grandpas hero murdered me.
i am proud of you John...    decades and decades proud  <3
I'm sure she is proud of you too!

We all wish you and your family well. Take Care
My parents are proud of me too but I have cancer and will die b4 them if you take my healthcare
Glad to hear. Now please vote NO on this new health care bill to save us all.
The military industrial complex loves you McCain! Let's keep up the world domination
Meghan is awesome but you are a traitor.  U get healthcare but my $800 premium. and $10,000 ded. Prevents me from getting the MRI I need!
God bless your remarkable family. I love you each stand for decency and integrity. Thank you for your service!
Is it great to be born with a silver spoon in your mouth compliments of American taxpayers, or what?  Aristocratic DC privelage marches on
Oh Ho, now #JohnMcCain will prepare his daughter to run for president. The daughters fever. #Clinton's, #Trump's, the 'clowns' #Kardashians
So stop Blocking of Presidents
Agenda, to bring back morals& VALUES to our Military. & Ikn
Many Transgenders, they need therapy,not military
Shamed horribly(all of your corruption)~making it impossible for her to regain her'on air'momentum-as opposed to her huge hot air momentum
Be Strong Meghan!! Dajeeeee!!!
Make time for you too!
I'm struggling with my health. It's not as serious as this has been for you, but it's been chronic. Trying to follow your example.
You're integrity, dedication and resolve are so impressive. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Senator McCain, yeah we all make mistakes and all in life, but I must tell you. You're life matters and mattered!
She is a REAL republican.
We like her as well, she is a lot smarter than you, she makes you look like a monkey.
Yea my Mother and Father felt the same about me. They didn't post it to the world like anyone else cares.
Thank God she takes after her Mother!
well, I'm sure using your name she will continue to job hop for years to come.  She's accomplished nothing but that. #EstablishmentBrat
Hope so, you ruined her career at Fox
I wish she was staying on outnumbered!  She has a strong voice.
When is she gonna run For POTUS???
 TO you and yours hoping for the best outcome. #notarepublicanbutluvSenMcCain
congratulations to your daughter but I have to tell you something sooner than McCain I support president Trump
Then senator, whatever u do, don't tell her what you did on the USS Forrestal. But you still have to answer for the 130 lives.
Right On, I miss her on tv-don't watch because she's not on.  FROM THE DEMOCRAT..
Miss her, but would like to miss her dad.
Do the right thing again like you did the last time vote for the US people and vote NO Grahmn/Cassidy. Be remembered as the people's Senator
So Senator friendships are good but not on legislation like Graham/Cassidy. No preexisting protection millions with no healthcare.
And she speaks out about Climate Change! Strong women lead the way!
I love your daughter, she has to put up with a lot from the liberals though.  I wish you would change your political view!!
Are you trying to convince her or us? Personally, don't care about inner family dramas. Odd tweet. A private Hallmark card would suffice.
A lovely family built upon love and integrity.
She will not be missed. Same as YOU.
Love your daughter on Fox and miss seeing her!  Hoping your are doing well!! Be strong and courageous!
Keep praying for the good news for your dad health.
Pray that he resigns.
And you should retire and enjoy her more. Please
Yes, please retire, you are of no value.
Make her proud of you. Help our country. MAGA
Daughters are great. I have taught my 3 daughters to fly and now the granddaughters.
You have humiliated her so bad she won't come out in the open.Quit job at FOX because of your hate of the US.
Is going to qualify because for sex change so when your traitor ass is gone she can take your place?
Says a lot about her parents John
https://youtu.be/AHWUsUSwyts 
Yeah, no thanks to you! You destroyed her career. #conformed
She's a smart cookie getting out of Fox (fake) News.
She is a strong, smart woman!
We  aren't proud of u Your Dr's saved your life now u slap them . U r no saint Stop watching OUR country u claim 2 love so much b destroyed
She is pretty awesome. Great role model for young girls like my daughter!
I wonder if she is proud of the man with the legendary NO VOTE that will now have increased costs to citizens in AZ and across the nation
Mr. McCain, your a class act always. Quite a contrast to others in Washington. All the best to you and your family. Fair winds shipmate..
hopefully she will be visiting you in prison
Mr Senator, working on the Tax Reform Plan????
U need treatment, please stop  newest healthcare bill Rep r trying to pass.  Need insurance for all.  My sons life is in ur hands.
Follow @stranahan for the real news on Ukraine. P.S. NWO is Global Hitler.
Never hurts to say the things you mean Senator. 
Please help us keep health care for the 32M trump wants to cut.
I couldn't be more ashamed of you

youre great man sen Maccain we love you always and wish you best always best.
Beautiful daughter y'all have hello from Texas
uhhhh...started on third base

Please follow her lead, quit your job, we need a REAL Republican in your seat who actually cares about the people.
Cindy & I couldn't be more proud of our daughter @MeghanMcCain & all that she has & will continue to accomplish!
Hooray! She left Fox! I'm proud of her too.
She has great role models!  You continue to inspire our country, and those who do cancer research n treatment. Living life to the fullest!
she has great role models
Tweet Tweet! That's a dad for you!
Frankly Scarlett I don't give a damn
Dem supporters are impressed
I believe she's proud of her bigoted father and his work to destroy the lives of LGBT soldiers with DADT and DOMA! #FamilyOfBigots
Glad she is off Fox
She is?
That's fantastic sir
 Now get to work for the American people and support you President. Legacy!!!!

Glad you're occupying her time. Keeps her off outnumbered. RETIRE Brutus
Worth 4 million. I am sure she made that all on her own. And I am sure she got her job with FOX on her own also.
Nothing more heart warming than a proud daddy of his little girl.
She hasn't tried to sink an aircraft carrier, so she's one up on you.
How about you do everyone a favor Johnny and retire and then spend more time with your lovely daughter. MAGA and quit!
Hear hear
Dynasty is tribalism. Contrary to US Revolution.    Spotlights growing oligarchy incursion & exposes mythology of meritocracy.
How are you Mr. McCain?  Hope all is well.  Your daughter is following your example and that's admirable.  Best to you.
You have raised an awesome daughter!  I enjoy listening to her talk, so intelligent!
You have reason to be proud! She will be missed on Outnumbered
You are an honorable and great man! Wishing many prayers and much love to you and your family.
Meghan you might want to help reduce functional illiteracy. Contributes to poverty+ crime, harms economy, etc
Best of luck Meghan.  The last national leader our country had dealing with functional illiteracy Barbara Bush.
Please Retire
Smart move Meghan!
She is awesome. But you need to retire.
We are not voting for her! One McCAin like you has been enough.
No doubt that your example has served her well in her life choices.
"We the people" are equally proud of our offspring too! It's too bad this government keeps sending them to die/blown up in a WAR OF CHOICE.
AFGHANISTAN is the longest WAR in USA history. As a fellow VETERAN who served in OUR WAR OF CHOICE it's time to stop the carnage.
I loved Meghan on Outnumbered. She is no longer there bc of u voting no on health bill.  U ruined her career. Ur a bitter old man  Retire
She is good.  Enjoyed her on FOX news - prayers for you continue.  Please support this President.
Let's make sure she doesn't have to use Obamacare or that will ruin the progress like it has done for every American.
Sadly her reputation will be sullied by your legacy long after you're gone.
If it wasn't for you, she wouldn't have a job! Never mind her! YOU Start doing you job that you were elected to do!
Feel proud McCain u were the one with your no vote that made her leave fox news..Your a embarrassment to the Republican party..KARMA
SENATOR I'M SURE YOU HAVE A GREAT  OFFSPRING ;I AM TRYING TO PROTECT HER FUTURE!
Aw!
You both raised great kids who love their family & country! Inspirations for sure!
Good move for such a lovely lady..get out of the limelight right before your lifetime of treason and partnership w/satan is exposed to world
Hope the RINO in you doesn't rub off!
So nice to know how your parents feel about you and better yet to tell the world so important to a person's self esteem
Then retire and spend more time with her.  Quit trying to kill us early
You are a traitor and she is a hack...glad she is no longer on Fox...I hope you resign next!
Disgraceful tweet.
Ahhh but not untruthful!
He IS indeed a traitor...you are attempting to rewrite history!
You are STILL under a rock if you think he is not a traitor...wake up!
be proud of! Your an inspiration to many young Women and some old ones like me!  Hang in there #GodsGotYou #LoveMeghanMcCain
I am not proud of your behavior with our president Trump and your vote on repeal Obamacare shame on you
She's amazing 
A chip off the old block.
#LoveMeghanMcCain She is a Wonderful Woman I adore Your #Daughter Dir She won my heart a long time ago  @MeghanMcCain You have much to
I hope she buys you a smoker for those ribs
It's pretty ironic how D voters, for the most part, are wishing you well and are hoping for your speedy recovery. I see many hateful R's
That's because he's a RINO.
Republicans vote against their best interests. They want to take Healthcare from us all. ACA not perfect, but a WHOLE lot better than zero
People like Meghan are the hope of the future @GOP which is in serious need of a re-set for the 21st C. 1950s are so over!
Liar.

Thanks for bringing honor to our country. I am proud of you. Thanks for coming back
Good mom and dad. My dad doesn't even have a twitter account.
Good mom anyway.
You are not the President John. Go home and enjoy the remainder of your life. 
Lmao
YOU ARE A WEALTHY MAN HAVING HER!!
She is a rock star, but of course with parents like you two, how couldn't she be?
Poor Arizona has two Stooges as senators nobody wants to listen to you talk anymore every time your mouth opens a lie comes out
Right if she didn't have a Traitor for a Father.
Let's see how well YOU would've done for 5 years as a POW, buddy! McCain let Trump down but is still an American hero!
He's nurtured that carefully crafted PR story for 50 years now.  It's so ingrained people spout it on command.  Truth is irrelevant.
Senator-the CassidyGraham HC bill is deadly. Higher $$ for people w/pre-existing conditions. We will go bankrupt! Please help us!
http://prepareforchange.net/2017/09/11/navy-releases-mccains-records-mccain-was-personally-responsible-for-the-deadliest-fire-in-the-history-of-the-us-navy/ … Too bad she can't be proud of you!
You are a true hero sir.

This goes far beyond the BCRA, McConnell's bill that failed. It is the complete wiping out of protections for pre-existing conditions. https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/908718687116505090 …
When are you switching over to the democrat party?
I am quite sure that your lovely daughter is very proud of her brave Father as well:)
You are a George Soros stooge
You caused your Shame on your daughter to MoveOn! Shame on you John McCain
Any new plans to hurt the president John?
His plan is to stop the President from hurting us.
how about #TermLimits so politicians aren't nursing home age, GOOD LORD you weren't this old when elected, TAKING ADVANTAGE of party backing
What are you doing about tax reform
Lying about what he plans to do of course. McCain is the ultimate swamp dweller.
I like Meghan.  The apple truly did fall far from the tree.
Aww, a true Christian like Jesus, spreading positivity and love.
I said I like Meghan!
God Bless You Sir

The GOP doesn't care about immigration, potential treason or North Korea. They just wanna take your health care. Keep fighting!  #DemForce 
What did she accomplish?
Daddy got her on Fox Outnumbered. I don't miss seeing her.
No, Daddy didn't! If you had ever watched the show you would've seen how smart & savvy she is! She deserves a show of her own!
Love you man.
And yet u sold us out for refusing to stop Obamacare after preaching to us for years it must be repealed! Pathetic
That's ridiculous. I'm all for improving healthcare.So far no bill has come close to doing that. Not as easy as some people think.
