McCain! You are being an obstructionist to President Trump,
We do not appreciate it. Please be helpful to our President. We are watching you
How does Senate justify taking healthcare away from poor, disabled, elderly and children to give tax cuts to top 1%?
Seems ignoring WAPO Putin story is collusion. Natl Sec endangered by poor Obama actions and worsened by DJT refusal to acknowledge attack?
Finally, R's have the House,Senate&WH. Why R U all acting like dems and resisting everything #POTUS does? Should be flying thru legislation!
Will you vote NO on Trump Care? Millions of people are counting on you to stand up and do the right thing!!
Yes vote no and let Obama care collapse.
When will you be leaving the Senate?
What happens to poor children with Senate bill? What happens to people in nursing homes?  People with pre-existing conditions?
I have friends and family looking at moving to CA and other states if no Insurance available/affordable in AZ.  How is that good for AZ?
How many Arizonans lose their health insurance with Senate bill? Who are they? What are their options?
My husband has Multiple Sclerosis. Will Trumpcare cover pre-existing conditions? We're worried he will not be able to get the care he needs.
States will be able to opt out, so in effect - no. It's pretty much identical to the house bill. 
That is devastating. What will we do? Does the GOP not care about people who are sick or disabled?! 
They don't care about anybody except the wealthy. #SinglePayerNow #AHCAKills
#HealthcareBill is bad for veterans like my father & bad for disabled like me. What justification do you have for continuing to support it?
When and where is this town hall?
If the GOP wants to restrict access to birth control AND maternity care, is Trumpcare suggesting a LIFETIME of abstinence only, or is that
Simply put. Vote for this healthcare abomination and lose the respect of Veterans. Stand up and show the backbone we know you have.
John McCain is a spineless coward, Trump was actually right about him.
AHCA would restrict access to birth control AND maternity care! Trumpcare promotes abstinence-only for a LIFETIME? Just like DJT's marriage
Why are you so obsessed with the Ukrainians? Why did the US get involved in their civil war? Why are you promoting Soros' agenda?
Don't vote yea on this health care bill.
For the love of all things, for the love of America, PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR THIS HEALTHCARE DISASTER.  Seriously. #GOPorUSA you must decide.
Vote no on the healthcare bill
please keep us informed!To much media with no answers!
Why are you still faking being a Republican?
Why do you not support the President of the United States
Will you please stand up for us and vote NO on #AHCA? Devastating to poor, middle class, those of us with pre-existing conditions. Vote NO!
Will you continue to just allow your President to fabricate stories and, in doing so, disrespect the American people & spit on the flag?
No disrespect but I see enough of u on tv
When are you going to step down?
How do you rationalize the Russians shifting our election? Why must mill lose healthcare for a break for the rich? I read the bill today
How are we suppose to trust our Commander and chief with all the lies? And how does the world trust the USA with his rhetoric?
Are you going to support the people of the US or the elite 1% like @POTUS ? We need your help just like you did as a POW!
Will you support this disastrous health care legislation?
You should not vote for the recently drafted healthcare bill. It is not in the country's best interests.  The AHCA is not collapsing
When are you going to retire? #termlimits #dementia #rino
You say you don't like this AHCA bill. Will you vote against it?
We need improvements to Obamacare, not repeal, and we need a democracy safe from Russia and Trump & co. How will you commit to helping us?
You suck
He really does! I cared for elderly he's losing it
The RepubliCowards should name this (AHCA), the Attack on Humanity Callousness Act. Vote against it for the RIGHT Reasons! Or be a coward!
You: cancer survivor. My spouse: stroke survivor. Is 23 million losing coverage an attempt to lower survivor rates to decrease population?
Q...why on  would anyone who is representing their people not their wallet, vote for the GOP Healthcare bill???????
let's move forward to universal healthcare, not back to the insurance run death panels.
#NoTrumpcare #fixobamacare, you don't need a tax cut.
Do what we voted you into office for.  Pass the hlth care bill!
Here's a tweet for you to answer why are you a republican when you act like a far left wacko and why does George soros fund you
Why do you continue to refuse giving S.66 a vote? You claim to be an advocate for veterans, then give us a vote to see everyone's vote!
I know you hate women, but why were none in the meetings to draft this plan?  How much did pharma/ins pay @SenateMajLdr to kill Americans
Are you going to stand up to this President who so consistently lies to the American people? You are a patriot how can you let this happen?
Once again will you be a hero, @SenJohnMcCain? Put people before party and reject this immoral, cruel bill! #Trumpcare will kill thousands!
Will you politicians take the healthcare system this time ?
Oppose anything he tries to do. We cannot keep this admin in power. No Comey tapes and no televised briefings. Disgraceful!!!
Sen Mccain. So when will you and fellow republicans start to resist this lying president. This is on you! Oppose the health care bill.
Senator McCain.
Your constituents are speaking, Senator. Will you listen to us?
WHY are you putting party before country, before people, re trump, re healthcare? Name ONE good thing about trump or about AHCA???
@SenJohnMcCain you're an American #Hero. Thx for your service to our country. We are better for it. Be a hero 1 more time. Vote NO on #AHCA
Why don't u support your President or retire? Your lack of legislative achievements is underwhelming at best
Why make your legacy one of choosing party over country? You know that millions will suffer & die under Trumpcare. Find your integrity.
Are you voting NO on Trump care? Please vote no!
Ur a no good anti trump anti American who is funded by Soros 
Am despises what ur doing-81 yro go retire
These ones that r crying 2keep OBama Care are getting it 4free, orDemocratic.U know it's failing...speak up,have backbone,support President
Why did Uallow OBama Care? My insurance doubled I'm healthy can't pay 900.00 a month just for me, had 2drop it. Why would u not want another
I need this answered: Would you support a constitutional amendment preventing redistricting for partisan gain?
Followup: If yes would you make the redistricting process independent(GIS professionals) or rely on courts to reject illegal redistricting?
Counting on you to NOT put #GOP before ppl of #Arizona ....Vote NO to newest #HealthcareBill
Will you protect Medicare & Social Security?
Will you vote against the toxic healthcare bill?
Are you democrat or republican?
I would read these comments from your constituents if I were you. You seem to always do the opposite of what they are saying/asking.
May the Lord give you strength and foresight to make this a great country !
How does anyone convince POTUS of the seriousness of Russian cyberwar against us, his disinformation & attacks against institutions.
How are you voting on healthcare? Please explain why it is OK that it was constructed in secret? A yes vote is a vote for no transparency.
Why would we risk hurting so many people with no good reason?  We need better health care for less, not less for less.
What proof would u need to support impeachment of Prez Trump
Go away! #UncleJohn 

Nobody wants and like to hear your crazy  crap ! 

Time to retire! #TermLimit ! #Shutup 
#IgnoredVoice 
#You'rePast
How soon will you resign and retire. You are not helping. You are hurting your party. Or is it your party anymore?
If you can't support republicans then get out of the way. Get over it! Your old and grouchy .
Time to mow the lawn and everyone's in my complex
Your website: financially responsible option that will meet the public’s need for quality health care at an affordable cost. This is NOT it.
Any comment on this?
I'm concerned I have 2 aging parents who will depend on Medicaid for care center. They should already be in 1 but cost is too high you live
& represent AZ who has a majority of retired ppl & then there's me, a person who has pre-existing conditions with both myself & autistic 10
Yr old boy my 19 yr old would b facing over 200k medical bills from a car that hit him in motorcycle accident. Please remember the state you
Are representing filled with retired people who actually make a decent about of money which would cost them a fortune for insurance, then
Will you vote no on this healthcare bill? 462k Arizonans depend on the medicaid expansion & still will in 10 years when its de-funded.
when will you stand up for the American people again?  I used to be such a fan....so disappointing
Are you going to vote for the new health bill and take away health care from 20 million people?
Will you please grow a pair and vote NO on this bill that everyone knows is horrible?
Vote no to the AHCA that is a death warrant to lower & middle income Americans for $$ transfer to wealthiest. Save Medicaid.
Why don't you retire? How much did soros pay you
Do not, Sir, vote for this HC bill! Repeal and replace! Why is that so hard to understand? For once do what's right!
Because you don't have the balls to face your constituents and tell them you will vote to take their healthcare away?
Do you consider it selling out that your wife took a position in the Trump administration?
Damn. So many of these replys are so heartfelt. What a shame that you literally have to beg this guy to help you. I hope he's reading these
Why can't we get cheaper prescription drugs like they do in Canada?
Please explain 2your constituents,who 4some reason want Obamacare, that it is imploding as we speak. Today Anthem exited 2more states
How will you vote on the healthcare bill? I vote and I'm watching. The bill is an abomination against most Americans. Do the right thing.
Stop putting party b4 country, we deserve better. Stop feeding into hand of lobbyists.  Trump has destroyed Rep party, last term 4 many of u
Why does the GOP as a whole seem to ignore the possibility of a foreign power directly undermining our democracy?
Why don't you stand up to your fellow GOP members who say we should give a pass for being ignorant of what his job entails?
I remember that time in a town hall where you defended Obama when someone said he was a Muslim (not that there's anything wrong with that)/1
Do only democrats feel the effects of climate change? Get old? Lose jobs that provided health care?
No public hearings on healthcare? 1/6 of our economy. Please stand up for the American People!
Vote no on this unAmerican health bill or what it really is tax cuts for rich and devastation for American people!
Why is this impeachment taking so damn long? Why does Jared still have security clearance? Why does the GOP care so little about poor people
When r u going to resign?  Your nothing but an in the closet obstructionist Dem.  Because your sure not a Republican
Please vote no on ACA!!!!!!
Here's my question Why are you trying to bring down President Trump? Jealous? Envious? Resentful? #retireMcCain
Do you believe Trump is a Russian agent and a traitor?
Are you going to let this horrible "no" healthcare bill pass??
Did you even read the darn bill? It's incredibly liberal and moderate. I think it's awful but there's nothing Democrats can complain about
Question: Why does  Americans suffer under GOP legislation? Why are the rich always favored?
When are you going to admit you're senile and resign?
Will you vote  no on a healthcare bill that has had  no hearings and is being brought to a vote by using procedures to eliminate any D input
Why are you putting party before country right now? What the GOP is doing right now is disgusting and I am ashamed, why aren't you?
Why aren't you demanding that the GOP allow more time for discussion with constituents, Dems, and amendments to trumpcare? Dems did.
The Senate version of the health care bill will fuck the old and poor in order to line the pockets of the rich. Only a scumbag votes for it!
PLEASE DO NOT VOTE ON TRUMPCARE BILL, SHOW US YOU ARE THE HERO! DONT KICK US TO THE CURB!
I am a pub school teacher. My students will be directly affected negatively by this bill. Will you come to my classroom and explain to them
Why they can't go to the Dr. or Dentist?  Why they have to sit right next to me because they can't get new glasses?  Keep your dignity. And
Let the children keep theirs. This is their world. We just live in it.
I respect you as a person, but you come off as a serious hater toward President Trump. You're doing more harm then help.
Are you going to vote for the Heath care bill? If so, can you at least push for ample time for public debate?
Please tell me why you think this healthcare reform bill will benefit Arizonans over ACA. What would you say to those citizens on AHCCCS?
Why haven't you retired yet? When will you admit you are really a Soros Democrat masquerading as a Republican?
Question: Have you(or your associates) ever taken money from a Russian or a Russian institution? Can you guarantee country b4 party?
Question: Why did you sell out and give your wife to the State Department? Don't you realize your legacy is now ruined?
Put your country over your party. Show us the integrity I once respected you for. Stand up to tRump and GOP thugs.
Can you talk about universal healthcare?
I'm a Dem, but have had some respect fir you John, but your  lack of leadership in the face of tRump abominations is shameful.
When are you going to retire ?
Will you vote no on wealthcare? #Wealthcare #serveallpeople
I'm appalled that you're standing by while Trump destroys EVERYTHING that makes our country great. We trusted you to fight for us.
Myself & many of my friends think you are not supporting our @POTUS Why are you so negative on President Trump?
Do you believe DJT erratic tweets jeopardize our nat'l security & if yes what obligation do you as a senator have to actively seek remedies?
Nooooooo John, stay home! Don't do this to yourself unless they're your paid plants! #MakeItStop
Will you reject the horrible Senate health care bill? Country before party!
How do you sleep at night?
Why are you giving cover to the President who is perverting our norms and ruining our country?
When will you come right out loudly against #trumpRussia and #tyranny #trump #abuses #usurpation #collusion
Please do not let the health bill pass! If it does history will show it to be one of the most cruel
Things done to the American people!
Are you going to reject the health care bill?
What is the rational of cutting off Planned Parenthood for 1 year?
How come you won't retire?
Did it hurt to have your spine removed?
What will it take for you to disown Trump?
I have always had great personal respect for you while not always agreeing with you.Pls make me understand why you put party before country
I dont want to lose respect for someone I have always considered a hero but I am starting too...
McCain is nothing but an in the closet obstructionist Dem. ..he sure isn't a Republican
He's one of the last real GOP centrists and a war hero. Good grief, be nice - we need him to vote no on this healthcare disaster.
This healthcare bill is a lot better than what Obama's bill is. As 4 war hero, this country has paid long enough to this obstructionist
Sorry do not trust you anymore!
What are we doing in Syria?
...did MM feed you questions beforehand when you were on Fox with John Scott ???...LOL...  God Bless JM !...
How do you plan to vote on #Trumpcare? If yes, how will you explain to your constituents? Especially the poor elderly?
When r u going to grow a spine and stand up to #trump and his cronies. U talk a lot but do nothing. R u a patriot or a bs artist
1) When you ran for president, you had four key objectives: "making health insurance innovative, portable, and affordable;
2) ensuring care for high-risk patients; lowering health care costs; and confronting long-term care challenges.
Please for the love of God do NOT vote for this healthcare bill Mr. McCain. I know you are a good man at heart PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS TO US!
Senator, show the integrity we know you own and vote NO on the AHCA. Disabled being removed from wheelchairs at McConnell's office. So sad.
You've spoken harshly about the direction the Trump admin and GOP are going, yet you vote along party lines almost always. How do I as an AZ
resident trust that you represent your constituents and not your party?
You can't trust him.  It's that easy.
Why do you consider yourself a Republican when you act like a DEMOCRATE? WHY ARE THERE PICS OF YOU AND SOROS TOGETHER?
"Democrat"
Why do Republicans hate poors?
John McCain is of no value, I listen to him anymore!
Do you stand behind this healthcare bill?
AHCA is a cruel mess. Will you still vote for it, and why?
I'm not interested in ur lies Senator McCain
