Thank you Senator John McCain For Going against TrumpCare @JohnKasich @kantor_b @CREWcrew @MaddowBlog
Give them Hell McCain. You've got alot of support out here. God Bless
Excellent to see McCain against Trump and TrumpCare @JohnKasich @GeorgeWBush__ @CREWcrew Lawfirm Vincent and I agree @ASlavitt
YOUR health, has to take priority over party politics and everything else. Keep notes, speak truth and live.
Sir, you fought the NVA and VC, the Russian puppets in Vietnam. Now, we need you to fight Trump, the Russian puppet here.
Senator McCain, I do not agree with much of your politics, but I hold you in the highest esteem.  You are a true patriot and American hero.
well said...
STAND for the people, no repeal, fund and fix ACA please
Raise some hell tomorrow, sir. Vote NO on MTP. Praying for your recovery!
Just like the devil, #McCain always proud and faithful to his "raising Hell" etiquette, lol..
god bless you Champion John McCainVerified account
You have the Right Stuff, do the Right Thing. Be Historic.
A lot are worried about what you will do with American Lives, those sick and destitute. Your integrity calms my nerves.
Thanks, Sen.McCain, for putting country before party. More Rep. need to follow your lead at this time. Trump's actions not acceptable to USA

Take a knee
Please get well Mr McCain. We are praying for you
Get well soon, Senator!
Get well soon, return to the senate, listen to the will of the people and vote NO on a bad bill.
You are admired. We need some men like you in the Dem party. Brave, honest and sincere! Get well!
While I rarely agree with your politics. I admire your integrity and honor. We would be in a better place if you were POTUS. Hurry back
Please retire. Use to b man now just sorry liberal
There are times in the life of every nation when 1 well positioned man of honor & courage makes all the difference.
I'm counting on you as an Arizonan to "RAISE HELL" and VOTE NO on the GOP DEATH BILL and SAVE MY LIFE. BE MY HERO AGAIN. Please Sir.
No healthcare providers in Iowa starting 2018. GET YOUR ASS OUT OF THAT BED and help us!! or resign your seat
Get well soon @SenMcCain. Thank you for being a true patriot & for choosing country over party.
God bless you, Senator !!
If you really wanted to raise hell, you'd become an independant (I).
Get well soon Senator, America still needs you 
I'm a liberal who has utmost respect for you sir. You're tough as nails and a true- blue Patriot. Get back in there and fight.
And I don't agree on pretty much anything you say. 

@SenJohnMcCain will now suffer the fate that he helped bestow on so many of Iraq's children:

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/toxic-legacy-of-us-assault-on-fallujah-worse-than-hiroshima-2034065.html …
I'm not American and would likely not vote for you but I am an admirer and wish you a speedy recovery. I respect what you do & stand for
Oh... And...

You don't always like what he says or votes, but you gotta love this guy.
Get well and heal up John.
Since Mc means son of Cain it is appropriate that you raised hell
Our beliefs about some politics may vary, but you are likely family to all of us Democrats and republicans alike!
May Gods hand heal you!
So.. you still feel this way)
Sounds like that phony rhino
Hope you recover soon. God is protecting you.
John, make sure you're on it we are jet next week! Raise hell!  Get the Health bill passed! This could be your " last Oohrah"
Hell is an innocent child being bombed w/ white phosphorus or radioactive weapons. I think you get my drift. #Bulgaria #Silkway
Just retire already. Now when ever you talk they are just going to say his mind is going!
Fix our health system cause if I get cancer I wanna be able to afford to fight to live too!? #UniversalHealthCare NOW!?
GET BETTER!  AMERICA NEEDS YOU!
Good health, with love from Ukraine!
Get well soon, we need you back #resist
Selling wars is his way of raising hell
We love u John except for Sarah u have always been the voice of reason  Give Trump hell and get well soon  impeach @realDonaldTrump
Patriot.not like #45 dodged war
How about raising hell and backing our elected @POTUS? I didn't vote for you to be aligned with the obstructionists or to exaggerate Russia.
You are one in 1 million 
Don't romanticize him. He made the right noises then fell in lock step with Trump and the other R turds.
Thanks for raising hell!
@SenJohnMcCain So sorry to hear of your current health problems but I know you are a fighter. Wishing you well.
МакКейн-сбитый летчик,отвратительный летчик.В яме долго сидел-с головой плохо ооочень...
He's going  to fit right in he'll when he gets there to burn forever
Bilking the system is more like it
Thank you for your service to this country, and your decency always. May you enjoy a complete and speedy return to full health.
a little bit of pre-posthumous revisionism...do we need to bring up the sycophantic sponsoring of GW's immigration reform?
Thank you sir! Respects, always!
Botty botty bot
Keeping you, @cindymccain , @McCainJack @MeghanMcCain James, Andrew and Bridget in our prayers Captain/Senator! Good Vibes to you all!

Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
Please please John, in shades of Barry Goldwater tell Donny Dumbass to resign

A few of your friends sends their Best Wish's
You have a history of fighting fair. Forget that. Give cancer hell.
Then give them damn GOP hell!!!
I would wish you strength and courage in the days ahead, but you already have more than the next 100 men put together.

Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
My President - thank you for your lifelong service.
Senator, the ppl of the US revere u a hero and patriot. God is on ur side. Ur a good Christian. We love u 
Nope he is warmonger and AlQaeda apologist
Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
My thoughts & prayers r w/u & ur family. My little bro has cancer so know what u & ur family r going thru. Pls save ACA.
This is the man we need in the Senate now. Keep fighting Sen McCain - cancer and against partisan politics.
Get well Senator. You are a class act!
He's fond of importing to our shores as well.
I love you
How sad
Hate to ask Senator, but please do what you can to stop this @realDonaldTrump administration from destroying our country.
He was always willing to support Democrats when no one else in their right mind would. Is this tumor the reason for his recent insanity?
That's the ticket - aggrandize the guy who's responsible for hundreds in Arlington cem & thsnds elsewhere 6' under or drifting in the wind.
Good to have you tweeting John! 
We need you to raise a little hell one more time Senator.  Stop the Kremlin controlled White House.  You're one hell of an American.
.Get well soon! You're in my thoughts and prayers.
Well said WSB! Senator McCain, you are needed now more than ever! This Dem is praying for you.
Sending you best wishes Sir and thank you for your service.

Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
We at http://ThePartisanNews.com  wish Senator McCain a speedy recovery!
Dirt nap.
Save us from the putin puppets in this corrupt administration. Please be our hero and save America

Praying for you and your family!
I just wish you didn't fund Syrian rebels who beheaded children.
"Raise Hell" one more time to save this country from Kremlin-loving apologists & appeasers, Senator!
