Thoughts and prayers for family, friends, co workers. And prayers to u and your family
A irresponsible pilot a cheating husband a proven lier under oath 
Really just a bad man!!!!!!!!!
What about the lives lost on the USS Forrestall when you choose to hotdog and do a wet start.
My heart goes out to your citizens in AZ you suuuuck
Mr. McCain why are failing the American people and not do your job and repeal/replace obamacare. u got beat badly in '09 but stop failing us
Irrelevant to the topic. And wrong. He got defeated in 08 dear bot!
The inauguration for that presidential election was jan 2009 which McCain lost like a bitch ass and i cant believe we trusted him to win
Why just the two navy pilots? Why not everyone else affected by this trajectory?
We'll have to ask John!
Blessings! May they Rest In Peace!!! Love  and light always
Why didn't you address it all the years you have been in office? Have you been asleep?
Well, you've been in Congress for almost 100 years, it's not like you haven't had time!  #MAGA
Yes, we do! Senator, please help our troops! They are stretched thin and severely overworked.
bad day all around, but how about addressing gun violance first. 2 < 50+....but the $$ though.
Banned automatic weapon since 1986 What new law stops criminals from having guns? Enlighten us grasshopper
Maybe we should ask Australia 
Sex crimes, murder rates, robberies are all up since the ban in 96. You did find the 1 article of fake news. Shocking
Nope not true
Overall, Australia's violent crime rate rose 42.2 percent
The readiness crisis is a never-ending OpsTempo crisis after 16 years of war. End the AUMF and bring em home, Senator.
Sending prayers and healing to the families.
Mr McCain have you taken $$$ from the @NRA?  If so, why?  Will you return that blood money? Is real gun control laws a priority for you?
Good Ol’ Navy, getting our boys killed left and right 
Cancer is a lot slower these days. Come on cancer!
Not that we should be looking for scapegoats, but has there been a wide-screen audit of why training accidents are happening?
How many more fuck ups is the Navy aloud before there is a real investigation into these problems
More Tragic Loss, More Tear To Fall.
May They Rest In Peace.  Praying for Comfort, Healing  and Peace for the family and friends.
Stops my heart every time. You tell 'me Senator. Keep our troops equipped, trained, ready, safe. military budget cuts killing our kids.
Cuts? We spend more than the next 7 countries combined. We need less waste & more efficiency & to take better care of our warriors.
Sequestrian has tied commanders' hands; can't get $$ to right places like replacing parts and helmets. Kids out there with inadequate gear.
They don’t need more $$; they need real leadership starting from the top. You should know this. Stop throwing $$ at the military.
So your words more credible over A senator?  HAHAHA. .. keep living inthat ego trip
You ever been in the military? Ever gone to war?  This guy has good f**king point. This is why Iraq lasted over 10 years with zero results.
Funny you should ask. I happen to be a retired Army officer with 30 years of service, and you?
Another example of military waste fraud and abuse. We need to cut the military budget until they reform their policies!
Hay did you know john mccain was a prisoner of war
It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that the problem (F-18 & T-45) is the oxygen generator system. How long will it take?
How long will it take for the Navy to solve its aviation oxygen and pressurization problem? Unbelievable!
Prayers coming to all of them
Im sure they were not hot dogs like you Senator "Crash" McCain!
I stand and salute those that fell may they have peace and soar with angels Blessed Be
But hey: we're still cool with crazy people owning 50 guns right? I mean we don't need address *that* do we?
You'd do better addressing the crisis called Trump in the white house.
Senate McCain You're A Hero
Indeed, the readiness of all branches must be brought to standard, not just investigated.
WTH happened with C.H.I.P?
You have no heart who are you fooling... Not me
Stfu!
Let’s start an unnecessary nuclear war with Rocket Man. And deplete our State Department. And be belligerent towards every country aside from Russia. And purge qualified LGBT personnel from the military. That should do it.
Brings back memories huh?
We must also address the obscene finances. If we can't be ready spending $700 billion/year, they're just burning away our money.
Mr Swamp Dweller   It about time.  What took you sooooooooooooooo long?
@CNORichardson should step down for his failure to lead. How many of our Sailors have died on his watch? How many injured? @USNavy
https://twitter.com/GeorgeTakei/status/914915574756597764 … how many have to die? #Maga
Will our lawmakers listen this time? http://qklnk.co/dHFR6j 
I question songbird's mental capacity.
Too many training accidents. Why?
McCain the most worthless piece of all time.
You need to retire
You are a Traitor - what about the hundreds of pilots you had murdered during Vietnam?
Is that so?  Do you think you can get behind Trump's upping the funding for the military, or is that gonna be too much for you to do
How long you been on the armed services committee John, Yeah, you're part of the problem
Are military airplane hospitals able to supplement civilian hospitals? We should secure the funding to have them perform readiness exercises
It might help in light of our new reality.
There is no reason for death in a training exercise.
If people are willing to pay higher taxes for firemen and police, I bet they would do it to support our troops.  I sure would.
Readiness has been a real issue for at least 2 decades. DoD budget is pushed by politicians and not what the military needs or wants.
If you're so concern about military readiness why don't you pass a long term defense appropriation bill!!
Lost all respect for you. I voted for as our President and I’m sorry to say im glad you did not win Mr. Politics
Yes let us pray for their Families

Don’t stop demanding the Navy & Marines stop overworking their aeronautical personnel- from a MOM( mother of Marine)
You don't matter McCain no one is interested in what you have to say
Love and light to family and friends.
How about you properly fund the military for the operational tempo.
Do they remind you of you
Where ya been the last 20 years?
With all very due respect Senator the military budget is off the charts. Their spending is outrageous. We need infrastructure, healthcare
.Two professional pilots die and you're all up with we need to fix this. Shooter kills 50 +400 injured and it's NOT NOW.
Too soon < it’s always too soon the new bar has been set and gun stocks are up . #merica never gets smarter
Lots of training accidents lately 
It's pretty simple, end sequestration, pass a budget so military leaders can plan basic functions and repair. Dems and GOP are in this equal
Just pass a BILL any BILL do your job
RIP
The T-45 mishaps are a result of deplorable Navy leadership. The Navy needs to work on retaining good officers and stop promoting the bad.
Too many Navy and Marine pilots leaving for the airlines/UPS/FedEx for better opportunities. That leaves our mil with crap leftover pilots.
Retire old man we have had enough of you!  Fact is you are a hero and that does not mean you all that special.  It does not make you right!!
Senate Armed Services Committee for how long?  Well, do something...
HOW BOUT THE FAMILIES OF THE 134 SAILORS YOUR ACTIONS CAUSED THE DEATH OF? HMM? REMEMBER THE USS FORRESTALL? OF COURSE YOU DON'T.
Can we get gun reform at the same time
Or the when you dry fired your jet on the air craft deck ? Killing how many ?
Prayers
Why have u been so ineffective over last 8 yrs while obama was neglecting MR and this and other crises were growing? Please retire.Get well
What did Trump have to say about this? Disgusted Danforth Republican here.
 mine too and agreed

Why don't you address the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam?
Somethin' ain't right in the Navy, Senator and yes, readiness standards have crumbled.
Addressing it is useless. Remember sequestration?  The military is beyond Obama transformation. Now Communist saturation & arent doing shit
You are just as bad as the liberals (wait you are one). Can we wait to find out the cause of the crash?
Maybe you could keep your promises on healthcare because @realDonaldTrump is right there with you on military readiness.
McCain answer to everything is to throw more money at the military.
Immediately! Plz stop working on bogus tax bill.
Maybe you can promise to fix that for 7 years straight.
#rhino
Also address gun control! Stop letting the NRA buy people!
Mr. McCain, I have a personal issue with my youngest son Trevor Mennecke being sexually abused @ age 5  the perpetrator then was 16 Sir plea
I apologize for bad timing,Daniel Mennecke 8148730424 dan.mennecke@yahoo.com Erie,Pa. My Family is in shock and the more learn I get sicker
Uve been in congress for how many yrs? Why haven't you seen to getting things done with military?
@scrampestman @CBSNews I don't think old Johnny is as popular as he thinks he is. Burnt too many bridges I suppose.
Thoughts and prayers is with them!
RIP. Thank you for your service.
Don't overwhelm POTUS here
My condolences to the families of our fallen.
Love ya John / What you stand for and how you love Arizona is  exactly what America needs.
-AzLifer-
#GodCountry&JohnMcCain
Your fucking teases us right?
Your Mil just got $700 BIL what's to discus?
Really and what we're U doing for the last 8 years while OBAMA WAS DECIMATING OUR MILITARY!
U mean like giving the military more money to fix their equipment.
So sorry to hear we lost two more servicemen. God bless the families and loved ones in their time of grief.
Try addressing health-care what you were elected to do.  The military will handle the T-45 crash!
Spend the damn money and get the forces what they need to be safe and get the job done you could always give them the 9 mil Trump 2020

And my respect goes out to John McCain for being a great man

Too many crashes over and over. C130s, Ospreys, T-45s... serviceman and women even tried to boycott and no one listens. Should they kneel?
Readiness?  The US taxpayers aren’t getting our money’s worth-$600 bill/yr  and we’re not ready?  Isn’t anyone accountable to GOP eyes?

Something is being done about it. U are not being informed, because U don't have a need to know. If it came in the form of a Bill, U vote NO
So I guess it's not too soon for politics with respect to these deaths?
Yes
My heart goes out to their families, friends and fellow service members. #Respect
U have no Fu$#ing heart. Can't wait for breaking news: SONGBIRD MCCAIN DEAD!
Sure. And we also have to pay for it. So vote against the current tax plan. Or does it benefit you too much?
 Prayers and thought to the families of 2 Navy pilots died in T-45 crash in TN  May their souls rest in peace.
Two many Navy accidents! Investigation needed!Thoughts and Prayers.
What James Stavridis, PhD, Admiral, US Navy (Retired) wrote in 2008 re, U.S. Navy training & readiness was prescient: @stavridisj
$600B+ and you ALWAYS need more
 
I can't be the only one who sees the irony in this.
He is a monk    He says and does nothing
#Prayers 4 their #families!!! #GodBless Thank you for your #Service!! #Heartbreaking 
for everyone touched by this tragedy of grievous act of terror.
Where have you been for the last 30 years Johnny? Not a new issue. Just your way to stick the dagger. RETIRE Brutus
Today is a day of morning.  Today is not the day to discuss this.  Right, Senator?
We are under attack. Get rid of him already.
Lifting these families up in prayer!
For when your eyes have been clouded by the murk of furious popular passions, even the eagle visions of our best and bravest can become dim.
Then start backing Trump!
