North Korea Flips Out After McCain Calls Kim Jong-Un A ‘Crazy Fat Kid’ http://trib.al/XF6wohJ  
They could call our leader a crazy fat geezer and be just as accurate.
difference is you can say that, as a lot of people do, and not become a prisoner of the state..
Ignoring climate science and killing the EPA is worse than making us prisoners. He's trying to kill us.
I cannot get over this statement. My oh my how disconnected you are sir. I hope you find the light one day.
Take this from a Democrat, it's sad the way people mostly in my party but on the right as well argue points. Have fun in North Korea
And to clarify, I wasn't talking to you Andrew.
I respect your views as a democrat and we probably agree on a lot. But this is flat out crazy..
Saying that "Global warming is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese," as Donald Trump did, is the definition of crazy.
We need to be careful here, as we are in a pot/kettle situation with our own crazy fat kid at the helm.
the fact that you can get on twitter and say that is so much different than the "rights" of North Koreans. Hush
The HONOI SONGBIRD. So mouthy his guards had to shut him up. I bet he wrote them a book to stop Charlie hurting him.
@Trumpnado2016 I wonder if this photo will spark a new haircut craze here? Ask for 'the dictator'
@Trumpnado2016 Real smart McCain!  This guy is totally bonkers and you just gave him a reason to retaliate!
Have some respect...Ues this instead... Chubby Little Despot.....
You have the courage to call out other crazy leaders @SenJohnMcCain but here in our country with a lunatic as POTUS you remain silent
WTH?Silent?He blasts POTUS on regular basis,gets paid for that!His"Silence "over past week,forced.Too many know!
He is the only one I have faith in becoming a statesman to fix this debacle. Actions need to match words
hope you research McCain,he is on Soros payroll& has been since 2001,few know where Soros is,McCain does!BFF's
yes yes Soros was also a Nazi I have seen the pictures deplorable one 
noticed difficulty finding pics?I found 1 posted to FB.FB removed 5 times,shut down page 3 days !
WOW! They took your Soros is a Nazi pic down? Why? Do you know why?
in the Soros link too.I quite positive that Soros is watching me now.I know,sounds ridiculous 4/4
Mr. Kim (educated in Switzerland) is another "Saddam or Hitler" making with Nuclear Missiles. Whimsical and dangerous.
he is a crazy fAT boy
Thanks so much for this Dom. Always great to read the ravings. Makes me feel so great about America. Land of the nuts.
@SenJohnMcCain lays down snark with flair. Proud to send you a bigly slice of delicious cake, sir. Crazy fat kid gets lo-cal oat cookie.
Best tweet I have seen all week, @SenJohnMcCain .  
The first missile Mr. Kim will fire will be on Chinese people, however improbable this may sound.
KIM JONG UN YOU JUST GOT R0@$T3D!!!!!!
.@SenJohnMcCain

Don't think you can call Asian men kids anymore prolly cuz your generation called them the childlike race and that's racist
HAHAHAHAHA
What do American leaders think they gain by insulting the leaders of other nations? ... Bigger assholes?
Wut was this about :/ But lol Why did yo tweet this 
He's not crazy, Kim Jong un, he's a spoiled and stupid child, if he finds God, he thinks he can do it all.
@Trumpnado2016 

 Crazy Fat Kid: Is that cake ?
This made my day honestly

. IT'S LIKE N. KOREA AND THE USA ARE IN A COMPETION TO SEE WHO CAN PRODUCE THE BIGGEST PSYCHO LEADER! TRUMP SHOULD GO CUT DEAL
Trump should go cut his hair!!
. THAT'S ANOTHER PART OF THE COMPETITION! WHO HAS THE CRAZIEST HAIR DOO!
How's that going for you? Meddling in starting more conflict as usual. Why are you in any position of government?
Thank you Jesus for working miracles the good Dr.
You should apologize.
.@SenJohnMcCain I want you to apologize for lying your way into the Iraq invasion -- and probably every other war the last 30 years.
They just ignored the UN findings of NO chemical weapons & delivery systems for such. The Hague waits. #MAGA
are you talking NK or Syria?
I was talking Iraq. If you recall Bush invaded w/out UN member states approval and w/out any evidence of WMD.
oh, yea, sure. I was in forefront of that before the invasion - for example, http://www.accuracy.org/release/554-u-s-credibility-problems …
No question in my mind that Bush raided Iraq and they filled coffers w no bid contracts. He destroyed Iraq in
in a way ripped society apart and created a breeding ground for angry people to be indoctrinated. Meanwhile
supposed to be going after terrorists that blew the Towers.. he Afghan theater little support & creates new
Please don't get us nuked
nope @realDonaldTrump has that market cornered
Perspective: Oklahoma bigger than all N Korea. USA safer than trump wants you to believe
Perspective: Oklahoma doesn't have a nuclear arsenal. I get your point but land isn't equivalent to military might.
OK has no arsenal, N Korea isn't a real threat (neither was Iraq)
Don't be so sure - it's the reddest state in the Union and we do like our guns out here ;)
. PLEASE tell PRESIDENT TRUMP that you posted this.   Insulting to the leader of NORTH KOREA and has almost led to a WAR!!
@chloehoney14
Never underestimate your opponent.
@chachohosta WHAT LOL
hi bill
bro that tweet was only 7h ago, john mccain better uppercut that NORTH KOREAN MISSILE 500 miles above the earth
talking like it's a challenge

On point. Hysterical.
It wasn't Politically Correct! Fat is fat and crazy is crazy!
Love the honesty.
that also includes your president!
i didnt think this was real wow
@Coopersws_ Jesus fucking Christ, he's a 80 year old state senator acting like a Highschool kid right now. how is this ok?
LOL..too funny! How about, crazy, dyslexic, anorexic, kid with a really bad haircut?
aaaaaaaaaaaaaa
If Trump had said that, you would have said it was improper and puts USA in danger. Help unite our Party not  it !   
@drizokaa
@tedcruz 
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE OLE JOHN MCCAIN? He appeared to be a real republican who valued family & AMERICA? LIB NOW? SAD
NOT FUNNY AT ALL!
The Mav cordially offers some salt for that burn. Well done, Senator. When you're on, you're on.
Our government wildin
Well you keep condemning Trump for slandering other leaders and people. Practice what you preach . so many hypocrites now wow
Says the crazy man with the big fat cheeks.

clap back of the year so far
I'm just glad that you took a day off from trying to get us into Nuclear World War 3 with Russia Sen.McCain
Sir, if you are ever in the UK, I want to buy you a beer
Way to go John
Okay, I don't often agree with you, but that's damn funny.


Senator I respect you whilst I'm not a fan of your actions this past election cycle to date. I voted for you in the past. I like this tweet.
@tedcruz Never misconcept Reality. Old Heroes underestimate Young Adults some time. Trump had The Key. @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump
Holy mackerel , McCain must be shaking in his boots !
lol...must be on watch for touchy female tourists :)
Yeah if Un could knock off his brother he could go after McCain. He's such a physco i wouldn't put it past him to try to show his power
Burn!!!
SenJohnMcCain is a snake in the rice paddy. He and Jane Fonda are cut from the same cloth ask the Vietnamese.
You're a crazy old man. You and Ted need to go! John is a traitor to the party and to the country.
@ChrisBragdon @DailyCaller McCain is irrelevant. He'd bend over for Kim if #soros told him to
He looks like a BLUBBARY whale baby doesn't he?  He's so dumb looking.
GO GET EM SENATOR.  LET'S KIK HIS BLUBBY ARSE.
already respect you for resisting trump. This just kicks it up a knotch.
He's really disgusting.
But calling him fat, doesn't make you much better than him.
Please, improve your arguments.
Excellent description of the fat jerk
Idk if y'all remember or not but McCain was a POW of the North Koreans so his savagetry is accepted to me
The fucking #maverick
Fantastic description.
Damn son
If the Fat Fits, then wear it!
goat
Sen. McCain FTW!
Just retire already!
Are you relevant
@daniroeder vem ver essa treta kkkkkkk 
what purpose does it serve? You: get in a rim shot. He: becomes even more paranoid with weapons of mass destruction.  Why??
LMAO
You said it right this time!
Why provoke? Pray first. Then speak. Should be rule for all public servants. #Apologize 
ur just trying 2 get us in2 WW3
Just curious if the MSM has bashed him 4 his "Insulting tweets?" I know, I know-he's not the President & THANK YOU LORD ABOVE that he is NOT
Fox hasn't I don't watch the other news stations
Do you actually do anything to stop NK? Or is bitching and making convoluted policy all you're good at?
#he's a stupid crazy punk !
savage 
pin this fucking tweet lol
hahahaha gordinho maluco, by BR Hue hue
lol fair enough

How about calling Trump a lying fat git for letting Putin take over the US and they have there first dictator or is it he's a Republican
#BetonBeto2018
@mrstjalsma
This was funny but still u too old
@DailyCaller This is the most coherent thing you've said in a while Senator.  Back on your meds?
What irks him more fat or crazy? Maybe "kid"?
The way you treat the President of your own country,I'm surprised you were so kind to this thug.
He is probably the only one that is getting to eat... everyone else looks skinny
Bro u wild
we better be ready for his crazy   Better help Potus beef us up !
Why wasn't this man our president?
McCain is war monger neocon!!! Please retire!
As you like to remind DJT, words have consequences; start acting like a Senator. You weren't elected Pres; let @POTUS handle foreign affairs
Sick burn, sir. I don't agree with you on some stuff, but that was just bloody brilliant.
Perhaps "chunky". Does he wear "husky" boys pants like Costanza?
Russia is not our enemy. If Korea shoots a test missle outsid it's borders shoot it down, no more tests or free passes.
SAVAGE
We actually didn't need your opinion at all.
Al Nusra-Daesh loves John Mc Cain
No but you should alter your attention. It's his people that suffer unnoticed because of the media circus surrounding this man
@wechoosewisdom @DailyCaller lol
Spoiled punk. His people should hang him in the street.
The fat kid is fishing for a reason 
remember when you sang bomb bomb Iran? #warmonger
john mccain is the crazy senator that trashes our @POTUS all the time.
You're a knucklehead McCain, but the best answer to your question is we really want your senile ass to just not say anything.
 RT @SenJohnMcCain: What, did they want me to call him a crazy skinny kid?
North Korea Flips Out After McCain Calls Kim Jong-Un A ‘Crazy Fat Kid’ http://trib.al/XF6wohJ  
LMAO!   You nailed this one.  Got to hand it to you!!!  #tweetoftheweekaward
wow...the old War line again and again and again...did you learn nothing from going to war??? obviously not...
Stay The Course, focus on atrocities, bad behavior, sanctions not looks; as U never know the triggers that type #Risk2high
No John, they wanted you to act with dignity and not call people names on twitter, like a child.
Do u have a nick name for Trump?
@Omojuwa @DailyCaller.Sen McCain is good @ description.The statement fits d bad boy leading d family estate called N Korea.
Why call him anything?
Thanks for giving our data privacy away. John "1 thing good is always offset by 1 thing really bad" McCain.
But he is. What's the fuss about. McCain left out ugly.
Love!
You are awesome
It's all shits and giggles until North Korea drops a bomb huh? I swear you folks in DC think this is a game. Why Sir?
I know lots of fat people who aren't crazy & some skinny people who clearly are crazy. But not sure why his weight mattered? He is unstable.
I'm no fan of Kim Jong-Un, but that comment is pretty damned racist.
People are getting so tired of these lame GOP red herrings  where you say & do ridiculous shit TO DISTRACT THE PUBLIC FROM #RUSSIAGATE.
WREKT
Man you seriously need to retire.. too much anger in you for the status of your office
Lol lol
Yea fuck that dude! Total nutjob. I feel terrible  for the folks of NK.

Dank
Bruh my man here handing out L's 
MELHOR TWEET
awn <3 vamos aproveitar bastante enquanto a gente ainda não está em uma guerra nuclear
If you had used the medical term, "morbidly obese", they would have done not only flips, but cartwheels, as part of an exercise regimen.
Perhaps not name calling at all?
Savage
That sarcasm falls flat.  I am sure you, like many of us, have friends and family with weight issues.
he may be crazy, but he isn't stupid.
Yep.  He said it.
Nice witty little zinger. Talk about kicking off a battle of wits with someone who's unarmed, amirite?
Takes one to know one.

Holy shit John McCain with the spicy roasts
WW3
That is what they flip out over. I guess they really worship the guy huh. No leader is worth it. They aren't God just men.
Call it like you see it, Sen. McCain. I'll vote for you again!
LOL!
@woodymalone
