My mom died last week from pancreatic cancer. Imagine if she or you had to face that brutal disease w/out insurance. Please consider NO vote
What if next Tuesday, McCain was voting on a health care plan that would cover his upcoming treatment....
Any plan they pass will include the exception that congress keeps all ACA benefits. #SaveTheACA
Yes Thats my point. He is taking a break from brain cancer sick leave to vote on a bill that will screw millions in need as he is.. ironic.
Sending lots of prayers.
with the government funded health care that's saving your life
Oh - let me send you a photo of me in the cool water creek - on a lawn chair - when it was 105 ° hot  - last 6-7 days
Fyi - Phone broke after this - one button broke  - got anothar sale phone
Sen McCain, I respect you (don't always agree). Please surprise us & vote down the terrible health care repeal. NO on Trumpcare; it's wrong.
Why respect a man who has so much but takes from those who have so little? A man of no principles who pretends to stand upon them?
McCain surprised me by actually voting against a terrible bill he had criticized. Hope it's the start of a trend among Republicans. #tcot
John saved millions last night by standing up for the people of America. A true American hero. Ty.
You should divorce @SenJohnMcCain while he's getting cancer treatment a la @newtgingrich
John, you so rock!  Thanks so much for your lifetime of giving and sacrifice for the rest of us.  My famiy will always honor you.
Jus to thank you for your support.
Glad you can. My brother can't because he has grade 4 glioblastoma & I n AZ we don't have same quality care you do. You care nothing
Thank you for being all that a true hero is supposed to be. God bless
Oh..Oak Creek, I'm jealous! Arizona is gorgeous

xxxooo
Good to see you out there....

That waters not cln like Ct. Haha
GBMs...2 months without treatment or 6 months? Way your odds. I hope you decide to prolong it! Keep him around. Adios either way. 
One of the healthiest #cuisine is the #Ayurveda cuisine, if you know #JohnMcCain pass this message on to him. Sugar should be off the menue.
Nice to soak in the sun w/a friend. Those made DEAD thanks 2 YOU helping destroy health care would've loved a few more moments like that too
My brother needs you to fight for our veterans!
Traitor!
Looking pretty well for someone who voted to kill tens of thousands of people per year. Why don't you give up your government healthcare?
JOHN MCCAIN JUST GAVE UP THE RIGHT TO CALLED A HERO, VOTING TO TAKE HEALTHCARE AWAY FROM 32M WHILE WE PAY FOR HIS CHEMO #SaveACA
Love Oak Creek
It would have been better to stay int he mud, John. Screwing the country on healthcare while you use very resources isn't good use of UR tim
Love that today your husband voted to kill thousands if not many while he is benefiting from tax payer funded healthcare.
Was a fan of your husband & wish him a full recovery, disappointed by his actions today. They go against everything I thought he stood for.
#Bravo #Zulu Senator #JohnMcCain! Stay Strong Sir!
From another Cancer Survivor @racress 30+ years
Thanks for taking a big giant sh*t on US Veterans & Working Class Americans today. That's why we cannot count on ANY Republican ever
Hey, glad we are footing the bill for your healthcare. Thanks for stealing ours. And for handing the Republic over to Putin. Well done.
You have obliterated any positive legacy you might have left behind. What a waste of your end of days.
@SenJohnMcCain DONT FORGET !You have to keep filing your Medicare and health insurance forms so you can get all the best care available !
My best wishes in a full recovery. with that said, I am deeply disappointed in your vote today, Sir. Shameful.
I'm sorry I ever wished you well.
good luck w/ yr recovery. I'm only receiving my treatment at Mayo thnx to THE ACA. pls don't vote away my treatment while you get yours.
Looks like a man who enjoys his healthcare...the same healthcare he is voting to take away.
Some muddy waters in AZ & in our country!  Get well, Sir!  You are respected by many.  American 1st, democrat 2nd.
You're a hero, country first. Hope you get well soon. Come back, get them to THINK of consequences for ACA repeal.
God bless you ! I have been praying for you every day 
Beetle shirt AND feet in a stream? You've won my vote. It's never too late switch career paths to become an aquatic entomologist! ;)
Bless you and your family. Please beg your husband to vote no today. Please don't harm the disabled, poor, women. Don't help Trump hurt them
Hope you think about your healthcare vote and vote to allow others to receive the healthcare you have.  No to repeal no to repeal-replace
Does Joe get to keep his healthcare????  Or are you fucking him over too???
Without the EPA you wouldn't be!
I have cancer too, Senator.Ovarian almost killed me.Thank God 4 ins. I'm truly thankful u have it. U Also have amaz frnds & fam.God bless.
I dress just like you when I'm out hiking! I too was hit with a melanoma and squamous cell skin diagnosis. We are out here. Please vote no.
With Maria's story & ur father I hope when your father casts his vote he thinks of all the people in their situation who won't hv insurance
If he votes yes..
Just vote NO, Senator McCain!
Get well fast, and please vote to keep us healthy and well also
Take very good care of yourself. There are many people who loves, like, and looks up to you.
Wishing you a speedy recovery. And also, that you don't vote to take away healthcare for 23 million people so rich get a tax cut.
You are a real hero!
Glad to see you outside enjoying nature. Wishing you all the best in your recovery.
Hi and best wishes from Costa Rica!
I wish your father well, but he is a hypocrite to deny millions the care he has received (at my expense)!
Hoping for a good outcome tomorrow for you Senator and the #ACA hang in there 
glad you are feeling better. more power to you and God Bless
"... now back to DC to kill 22 million people who will never have the health care they helped me get by voting for TrumpCare! MAGA!"
Great.  So then you're OK flying into DC tomorrow to help take healthcare away from millions of people to give a victory to DJT.  Shameful.
#VoteNo
Please be the one that will stop this Trump disaster. You fought for this country, we need you again.
John, I have so much respect for you. Please vote no on #TrumpCare tomorrow. Don't take away the care that you need so desperately.
Please reply to nulty53@yahoo.com sir regarding moffitt & Haley va center in Tampa Florida
can the Moffitt Cancer Center work with the Tampa James A Hailey VA on the CAR-T Cell project if any asap to husband
Keep fighting John. 
Wishing you well
Nice
Sweet
Do you think an uninsured person would have your treatment options if diagnosed with a glio?  Peayers for you abd America

McCain could *never* have gotten insurance before the ACA on the private market bc of pre existing conditions (con't)
now he can't wait to remove PEC protection from millions of Americans. He will help kill thousands of Americans as a result.
McCain as a hero. Was. Now he's taking HC away from millions while making them pay for his cancer treatment. Farewell legacy.
I admire and respect you. Your strength gives us optimism and hope. Please vote NO on health care repeal.All deserve the care you received.
Be a real hero http://retire.you  know the player who plays to many years and everyone ends up hating him
Wishing u well, do the right thing 4 america and vote NO on GOP health care bill, u know it is wrong
Joe is hot

@SalemState https://twitter.com/sarrata/status/888045693318942720 …
Best wishes to you John, you are a true patriot
Looking good, Senator! Stay strong!!
Good to see you... our nation needs you get well soon!
get well soon Senator
Everything he touches turns to......
Wishing you best for speedy recovery, sir. We need you back at the hill. Sending lots of prayers and thoughts.
Wishing you a speedy recovery Senator  we need you!
Sending healing thoughts!!!!
Retire and enjoy your life...
Why are they doing this to this distinguished man? SAD
If you vote Yes tomorrow.. you prove DT was right and you are no hero.
Prayers and Blessings to you Sir,   NO WORRIES ALL WILL BE WELL KEEP THE FAITH IN GOD
What the hell does Joe have in his pants?!
Glad to see you out doors mr mccane
Enjoy, get well!
Best wishes Sen. McCain
Stay the course!
It's good to see you up in about John
As a fellow "survivor" PLEASE don't  interrupt your healing,@SenJohnMcCain to trvl to D.C for a worthless vote! Heal well, Senator.
Enjoy your life and family, Senator. Let others duke this out. You've put in your time.
Fight the good fight Senator McCain!
Please vote NO to health care bill. Think about yourself - if you did not have health care. Please, Sir, put country FIRST as your legacy.
Awesome! 
Be well, Senator. Stay in AZ and recover. Don't travel.
Good to see!
John: Today Trump comes for #Arizona's #Medicaid, tomorrow he comes for #Arizona's #Medicare/#SocialSecurity. NO to #TrumpCare
Am in envy of you.  Love Oak Creek!  Have a great day!
Good do the country a favor STAY THERE!!! stop arming the enemies that are killing my brothers jack ass
joe harper looks like a young john mccain! get well soon sir.
John you have pants on.
The Maverick we know would never pretend that trumpcare is better than Obamacare. The latter has its problems, but the former is a disaster
Sen McCain we are all praying for you.  You have great health insurance. Can you really come to DC and vote to take that away from others?
Get better. Positive thoughts and prayers your way.
All the best sir.  The country needs more Rep like you. Your party has gone berserk.
Good for you John. And God Bless You.
U should be UNDER the water.
The irony of you coming back to DC to vote against healthcare for tens of millions of Americans will be another nail in the coffin of GOP
Get well Mr. McCain.  Sending my prayers your way.
Keep doing what feeds your soul, Senator. I may not agree with you on policy, but I admire your courage, yr tenacity. Peace to you.
This Guy!!
Get well Senator ! Im a democrat but rely on you to keep things in order!!!
Best wishes.
I'm throwing you a kiss, John. My Democratic heart is with you.
Barbara in Pompano Beach
Enjoy! Enjoy! Happy to see your face!
Please, ask the Gov to appoint a GOP'er to your seat. The country needs it! We will end up with a single payer that wouldn't treat u at all!
Great photo. Love your spirit and praying for your healing at this time.. Feel better soon!
Get well, Senator.
Hey John, make sure U get better 2 go vote NO on this healthcare repel. Don't U think all Americans should have a right to same tx and care?
Best wishes to you Sen McCain!  May you heal completely!
Hi Sen. McCain  I've been keeping you in my thoughts, and it's good to see you enjoying some sunshine!
Can you hike on into #Congress and vote for #Trumpcare?
So glad you took some time to just enjoy the beauty of the day and time with friends!
Speedy recovery @SenJohnMcCain! Best wishes from this Cali Democrat! We know a warrior hero when we see one!
Oak creek what a lovely place 
You are in my prayers.
Hi take care of yourself and get back to DC
You look well Senator.
You deserve it.  Get well!
LOVE IT.
Get well  watch out for flash floods
Prayers for a speedy recovery.
That's quite a hat, @SenJohnMcCain . Love you much! You're one of my heroes. Take care!
Speedy recovery, sir!
John, I believe in the immense power of collective prayer mixed with the latest medical intervention.  You WILL be a miracle.  We need you.
and for you two GUYS 
Love your smiles
Wishing you a speedy recovery
Hurry back senator, country needs you to stand up to foreign and domestic threats.
Speedy recover, American hero.
Oak Creek is magnificent. A special, magical place. Let it do its magic for you. Stay strong.
Enjoy your day sir and get well soon. We all need you.
Glad to see you felling better God bless you @JohnMcCain @BillClinton @georgepbush  @BarackObama @SenateFloor @SenBernie @CNN
Is he in on it?     #Silkway #Arsenal #depleteduranium #whitephosporous #weapons #bulgaria #NATO
Praying for you daily!!! Get better soon!!
Get well Senator!
🕆
Best wishes!
Like your shirt. Sitting in the swamp with Pelosi, Schumer, Graham and Schiff
god dammit. We're so happy you are enjoying a little feet time. THIS COUNTRY IS IN BIG TROUBLE. GET your ass back in here or RESIGN
Resign. It's not about you. It's time. You did good. Now STEP DOWN!!
Grace. Courage. Wisdom. A most true patriot. God bless you and recover quickly, senator!
I have a serious military/political/great American/straight up in general crush on you. I wish you & your beautiful family all the best!
Tweet Tweet! I'm grateful for your recovery Maverick, but we need you back in Washington. Your COUNTRY needs you.
Looking good, Senator. 
God Bless you John.
Someone tell @senjohnmccain his jeans are wet. It's making me uncomfortable.
Love this love you thank you for all you have done for us! 
