thanks for your service Senator    Administration no comment.  Laughable.   Don in Cleveland
Are the likes of McCain intent on starting a nuclear war with Russia? Real Strangelove Paranoia from these lunatics.
Dangerous! Why is Putin pushing Trump? Has a secret deal gone bad with the public exposure? Outrageous
This is just to take our attention off of what is really happening in our own Country! Trumps ties to Russia!
So what recommendations do you have for the President?
he won't have to challenge his friend. Trump praised Putin and criticized U.S. I don't get it
What are you doing about this - you have the majority. Lead!
and what is our National Security doing about it?
Shill
use some of the $53,000 that Betsy DeVoss gave you and get on this right now!
If Trump goes down, then we have Pence!
And you are doing....... Twitter.
Thank you for being one of the few R to put America first and not the republican party. Rus is our enemy! #Impeachtrump
Interesting timing missiles fired about 12 after resignation of Flynn and this? Many of us can connect the dots !
We need you along with Graham and other GOP members to step up your game FAST!! This is getting to be a dire situation!
then fight for us don't let this go away. If you have integrity then country before party
don't expect Trump to stand up Russia. Take Trump down. #impeachTrumpnow #ResistTrump
What did Obama do about it nothing
Result of Zionist PNAC Neocon agenda vs #Russia 2 include in Ukraine pushed by neocon stooge @SenJohnMcCain http://america-hijacked.com/2014/02/24/us-has-neocon-agenda-in-ukraine-russia-analyst/ …
@ABC @NBCNews @CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews @washingtonpost  @cnni
Макака-Кейн чёрт
When is the GOP going to do something about Russia and N Korea violations and of course Trump, he's gotta go!
With you backing up Trump's every lie, we're lucky Russia doesn't deploy OUR missiles against us.
So r u going to keep siding with Trump now?
John you must demand an independent investigation into the Russian messes-there are so many!
And why haven't we heard anything about this from Trump and his band of Putin lovers? We never will either.
You're popular: #Russian pranker got pranked senators McCain, Graham and McConnell
No sh!t sherlock #UNDER your's and #Obama's watch, you bunch of lame #democRAT's do nothing hypocrite #GOAWAY!
officials also said that Iraq had WMD. WMD turned to be a powder from the nearest supermarket. Do you recall John?
Russia, N.K, next the chinese will be looking to take advantage of what is happening in Washington
Show your courage and follow through. Putin must have something on the republican party;no one dares to stand up!
War moggering McCain wants to start another war! Your Russian obsession is dangerous. Let the POTUS take care of it.
okay, so start working with the administration. What are you going to do call Putin direct again. You not president
SAVE OUR REPUBLIC! IMPEACH!
I read now read this: traitor trump won't do anything because he is in control of putin. Clear and present danger
I believe this is a ploy So Trump can act tough with Russia to try and trick the ppl they weren't in "bed together."
Seems that White House guests from foreign lands get full traveling rein around our state and apts for researching.
No mention about #PutinsPuppet in the Whitehouse? Okay.
what is the plan?  Quit talking about it and do something.  Start at the top!  Shit rolls downhill....
please senator mccain be the leader and help us to get rid of the cancer that is in the white house
They're getting bolder under the wink, wink Trump administration. DO SOMETHING!
Do Something McCain
why would I want to read that trash @nytimes, only thing I would use it far is a bird cage
I'm beyond happy to see Senators talking about this despite the current administration's chaos and silence. Thank you
PLEASE STOP THIS MAN!  He is out to destroy our government with his buddy, Putin.
this is very important, Mr. McCain. Rally your sensible friends and take care of this nonsense.
stop posting and please DO STUFF damn country falling to pieces
Nobody MUST read the lies spread by New York Times. Just another sleazy tabloid.
What's worse than Nancy Pelosi? John McCain. A traitor who sells America to the highest bidder: Soros.
in 2002 the Open Society Institute gave $300,000 in grants to various  groups that ...
.. defending McCain’s campaign finance law against a deluge oflegal challenges, defending McCain from financial ruin
It has been revealed that McCain has been sucking on the Soros tit for over 15 years.
McCain drunk with power, pushes our country to a devastating war. Unhinged, mentally ill.
Time to Investigate your criminal war actions, McCain. Gloves off. Time to indict.
NYT is the official Fake News Tabloid. You are as credible as they are...NOT.
Please #investigate them and their ties to the @WhiteHouse!
With FBI investigation of Flynn, AG blackmail concerns, Trump mum, then Trump's public NK missile dinner--nervous days.
Please stand up and help our country. Get your colleagues to investigate this administration.
Read it. What are you done by about it???
did you also read the one about spys in the White House?
@gordonnyt just think if you all would have been building up armed forces over the years we may be better prepared
Never saw a conflict you didn't like.
interesting that u depend on social media too. Why?
sooo.. who's gonna talk to Trump and tell him to man up? Or who will man up n talk to Trump?
@gordonnyt @nytimes Comrade Putin claims only harmless July 4th fireworks. 3 cheers for red white blue...Finish Coup d'etat
Is anybody awake in the White House ? Where's Ryan and McConnell ? Please stay on it  Sen. McCain
I'm glad that the current administration has come around to the reality that Russia is no friend of America.
No confidence in this president!
You're up Trump ass!
John, you are relying on the NY Times?  You are definitely operating out of the Democratic handbook.
All you Republicans Congressional party needs to stand up and Stop being afraid of your President Russian control U
@Hillaryh4444Hos @nytimes interesting test for our commander in chief with his Russian Ties.
Putin is going to do whatever he wants unless you stand up to him senator.
get the darn tax returns already. See if he owes$$ #trumpleaks #russiagate #TrumpRussia #FlynnResignation
always loved u Senator but u need to start showing support for the President. You're getting to look like a Democrat!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump how about Russia missiles????
We have a #ManchurianCandidate, please do your damnedist to keep our country safe and AMERICAN!!!
If we don't have any boots on ground wars the military industrial complex can fall back on cold wars Russia China
Great another cold war with the Russians and China w/trigger on nukes Is there anyone we do get along with
this is what happens when Russia no longer fears or Respects the POTUS.
And we arm Ukraine Poland Romania etc on Russia border If Russia placed troops in Mexico  Wash DC nervous breakdown
WOW your obsession with Russia amazes me How about taking care of the dying veterans in your home state @VaHospital
swamp formed, breach at Mar-a-lago, breibart hijacking WH, lies, lies, and more lies. Disgusting state of the WH.
Come on Sen McCain. When do the investigations begin. It's our country at stake.
investigation of Administration knowledge of Flynn's conversations imperative. -0 confidence in Trump &Administation
swamp formed, breach at Mar-a-lago, breibart hijacking WH, lies, lies, and more lies. Disgusting state of the WH.
McCain: a coward and a piece of Do Nothing profiteer never cared for American people.
VA issues in AZ happened because of DO NOTHING McCain who blamed it on Obama.
Please push for an investigation.
More sanctions needed immediately. Congress, act NOW to override the leadership we do not have. Ea day more chaotic
Investigate all things Russian from the past two years.  If they served Russian dressing, we want to know about it.
The “war hero” candidate buried information about POWs left behind in Vietnam.
Throughout his Senate career, McCain has quietly sponsored and pushed  into federal law a set of prohibitions that
...keep the most revealing  information about these men buried as classified documents.
, thank you looking out for national security while WH is busy dismantling #doddfrank to make Russian payments easier
And our response?
Russia owns Trump.  INVESTIGATE
Defend democracy  against Putin quisling @realDonaldTrump or else relinquish your office to someone who will.
i think its a distraction to make us think Trump Putin not friends. Timing is everything. Stay focused .
maybe Putin's sending Trump a message. A warning, perhaps?
could definitely be true!
so what are you going to do?!?
Poot: "Don, I don get look I use to when fuck ass. I need look, how bout I shove bigger missile than Kim in ass?"
So when does Congress act, Senator?
NYT and You are spreading shameless lies. George Soros bought you. We call on Investigation on you.
if u leave him in office, we are all going to die. Someone has to be the hero of this country.I prefer it to be You.
I knew something was going to happen.  Once Flynn wS removed I said, "I'll bet that's going to make Russia mad."
independent investigation on Russia
Putin ti ha forato il cervello, dimettiti.
You and the other criminals in DC need a pay cut. Actually you are wrong on everything and should resign
do something about it! Bully the bully.
It's probably part of Obamas' Iran deal!!! Who knows what was in the deal??? Really!!!
What exactly does it take? Flynn? Nope.Winter WH's use of classidied docs. as table napkins? Nope. Russia+missle??
Please don't be the Fool on the Hill. There are way too many now.
I beseech you Senator please please pursue Trump's involvement with Russia What he knows what he owes what hes done
Ploy by Putin to allow Trump to pout, shout and get them removed. An attempt to make him look strong. Disinformation
Only there to suck up to the president and not qualified to do their jobs why confirm them? It is just stupid!
so what are you going to do about it?
U continue to vote for a cabinet of ineptitude like never before seen...why? If u don't realize these people are
country and our children. 45 is not conservative from where I'm sitting. What can we do??
It is up to people like you to hold him accountable since our President repeatedly fails to!!
I agree with McCain we should bomb the shit out of Russia and killed the women and children first
I appreciate your concern.  What about a full independent investigation of Russia's control of the WH? Important?
wants to complete the oil deal that Exxon mobile paid Russia 550 Billion dollars in 2011 to complete. do whats right
you were sworn to pritect us from all enemies, foreign and domestic...the President is lying about everything and
Trump gave private assurances to Putin.  Mark my words, spy=White House.
@DCofStaff @nytimes Your rude is here, Gen Flynn
Someone tell Trump his ride is here. 

https://twitter.com/CBSNews/status/831552841844158464 …
A Russian cruise missle??!  This is a result of our current clown in office thinking Putin is a great guy!  Help!
It is the Times.  What % accuracy should we give the article?  50%? 30%?
They are "hitting" us as WH in disarray aND othe rise occupied. No coincidence. @POTUS #Russiancruisemissile
Are you going to stand up for America now, or just let the @POTUS trash the country? Now is the time Senator.
@nfergus @nytimes of course they are. Get your warmongers out of Ukraine.
IMPEACHMENT OF TRUMP AND PENCE NOW!!
Senator McCain, it's the Russians preparing for war. Putin's team in the Whitehouse is crumbling.
do something
"See, Putin is a strong leader!"--Donald Trump
please sir do the right thing by the Americans and bring this to a full trial if need be this is so much bigger now
WHEN OH WHEN IS THE SENATE AND HOUSE GOING TO SHIW LOYAKTY TI THIS NATION, TO DEMOCRACY AND INVESTIGATE???
@nfergus @nytimes Another consummate failure of the Obama / Clinton administration. What more negligence will come to light?
OH NO!  What are you doing about it?
Why aren't we hearing more about this? #DoYourJob #ImpreachTrump
what's your boy Trump gonna do about this?
We'll if you don't find out what relationship Trump had with Flynn it will get worse. Putin knows whats going on
I'm sure they spoke w/Putin #1 and #2 aka @POTUS & #Flynn We have been compromised & you can no longer b complicit
The Military industry is so much dependant upon US being someones Enemy tht they cant let Russia & US live in peace? @nfergus
my times and Johnny boy McCain are soros owned  not working for the American people but are communist agenda
he won't say a word. He hasn't yet. So when will you investigate? Please don't put party first this time.

I implore you as a man of integrity, lead the charge to end this nonsense. Trump will allow Putin anything.
the USA has never been seen as WEAK as it is right now and getting WEAKER by the day!!! SHAME to the GOP!!!!!
get 45 out of the people's house. He is a traitor
Thanks for reporting this, but when is someone going to do something? #countrybeforeparty
PEASE!!!!!! It's still your duty do protect our country!!!!start the IMPEACHMENT of Trump!!!!
Please  investigate Trump regarding Russia! He's got ties to Russia!
Sorry but John always says the right thing , but always goes along the party line ,no balls
Country before President - Theodore Roosevelt
don't let this distract from #Flynnghazi #Trumprussia so that we all don't become #Putinspuppet
Keep approving all of Trump's nominations, Senator, and you're halfway there to making this world a less safe place.
getting briefings from the New York Times now Johnny?
What are you and the republicans going to do about it?
it's time for you to stop your animosity to Pres Trump and start backing him up or the rotten Dems won't quit
What is Trump going to do about it. This administration is dangerous for this country. Investigate now
#boycott McCain! I and many of us cheered for your presidency. Support potus people choice! @LindseyGrahamSC
WHY DON'T YOU HELP DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SITUATION?  I THOUGHT YOU HAD MORE MOXIE THAN THAT!
You say these things as if you mean to do something about them. Then you follow in lock step with the others. #lame
This is not comforting.
Sir! We are losing control. This is becoming worrying.
