stop all trump, including sotus nominations. #Trumprussia first, then we'll talk.
Sit down and shut your month John
you're the best!
Why are you worried about him but not nazis in the WH?
that was so great! You're the boss here, Senator. And you lead the way!
I sure don't care what this bum thinks.
You're a traitor to this country, and the people. Nobody cares what you think
I care what he says.
I do too.
Thank you for putting you country, that you love and fought for, above the insane politics. The majority of Americans appreciate you!
He has never fought a day in his life
Why Congress let the Adminstration slaughter so many civilians in Iraq?
Figured why U R anti-@POTUS N do not take care of AZ! Listening to U Your speeches for the last yr like the Demi's N Clinton U R a liberal
Those are great!!  A little comic relief from the dark comedy that is our president.
I'd apologize. Leave that stuff for @billmaher or @KeithOlbermann
Never met a war that you didn't like did you? Go home John! Just go home!
Appreciate your service,  but it is time for you to go. U R secretly meeting with Dems and you can't get off Russia, even tho no evidence !
suggest twitter community set aside a special day for all to hurl insulting tweets towards the great leader.
1/ Fat-shaming unstable dictator of nuclear nation is irresponsible, dangerous, childish. Selfish act disregarding safety of US and allies.
2/ Using "fat" as an insult is also insulting to people (who aren't dictators) that struggle with weight issues.
3/ Idiot.
GO WORK WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP!
@sl1nasty @Jballen45Allen @SenJohnMcCain Not enough to work with our president.
McCain would have never made that comment if a Democrat was in the White House.
Please post your thoughts on this FCC @HouseGOP bill. If this gives more power and spying ability to Govt make sure it dies.
loved the teeet.
I notice none of your favorites are those that reference Stalin's  rationality for his brutality. You an embarrassment  to the US Army.
And i did notice my typo.  It should say "you are an embarrassment "
To the US military
You're funny, main line!  Go shopping! Exploit your illegal home servants! Serve someone other than yourself.
No wrong doing no need for leaks
Though I am a democrat, I admire your relentlessness to that POORLY GROOMED FATSO IN PYONGYANG! #crazyfatkid
Bless you, @SenJohnMcCain and your Social Media Director too
Glad to see Sen. McCain's great sense of humor shining in these crazy times.
Thanks for your hilarious comment, I'll bet Un is still spitting nails over it 
That was awesome, Now please get on with the investigation of our treasonous POTUS and his #russiagate horror show! Thank you, a citizen
You are the best, senator!
Great! Now go after @POTUS and your colleagues. Hold them accountable.
John, Thank you for your HONESTY and thank you for your service to our country! Your integrity speaks volumes! @POTUS to bad you have none!
Thanks for keeping it light?
AMERICA WANTS TO TRUST YOU
INDICT Nunes for COLLUSION OBSTRUCTION
@trumprussia 
Do your job
Impeach Trump 
Save America
TRAITOR!!!!!!!!!
thanks for putting country over party. Much respect to you sir!
The crazy fat kid is holding one of our kids in a labor camp for 15 years for stealing a political poster at an airport. Do something!.
Thank you Senator McCain. You are a great leader and a hero with a tremendous amount of class. I am a democrat. But, you have my respect.
Go gettem! This crazy man along with Putin are vile evil people
Crazy fat kid? That @ss whole runs a concentration camp that calls itself a country.
And the sooner we take him down, the better off the world will be.
Omg. Can you retire yet. please. How constructive are these comments.
Would you speak to him in the face in the same manner

#FatOldFuck
Takes one dictator to know one.
Hahaha, the description fits the dictator!
I'm a registered Ind. who voted for you in 2008; thank you for your service sir; you ARE a hero regardless what that physco JACKASS says
F' him!!
You really need to focus! The attack on our country and those involved from trump campaign takes precedence over everything else!
How about the dictator in Washington? Leave it to republicans to try and change the narrative!
Songbird McCain, sing us a song!
You are a total A$$ Mr. McCain. U would have been 1st in line to criticize if President Trump had said the same thing. Shame on You
He puts on the bitter war monger 2 kill kids he guiltily betrayed & those teens he had beheaded sadly paid what he cant forgive himself 4.
Poor sadistic loonie @FoxNews This desertion from fear & lack of minimal courage his family character couldn't learn fromDOD. Ever since
@RandPaul blame America first. Again his invaluable propaganda 2 praise China Russia & Gen Giap was the worsecharacter in war. Feardesertion
Savage
The patriots of courage who as soon as a teen or 4 ft tall girl captured the cowardly pilot McCain he per Isis also went Nextel 2 express
Senator, you are fast becoming my hero again!
@SenJohnMcCain excellent work on the #fatShaming! #makeAmericaSkinnyAgain #NorthKorea @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp @FBI @NBCNews @CBSNews
I guess you can tweet whatever you want, but if Trump tweets anything you run to the media and say he should apologize. You are a traitor!
Excellent
U give me hope for the future of America, John McCain.
I call for an arm wrestling match between you too. Loser has to give up McDonald's. Too much on the line for Kimmy Kim here. #McCain
As an old fan of Sen. Goldwater, I thank you for your courage & backbone In these difficult time's of myopic governance
Why did you support #net invasion of privacy? You got to be ashamed about that.  #outrepublicans #cancelnetfreedom #votethemout #impeach45
How bout our dictator from new york.
You are very good at social media-ing, Senator!
y chinofobia
The leader of North Korea is not a joke. He is very serious and I think you should get serious now
your tweeting is just as stupid as Trumps! He must be your tweeting mentor!
when you say "dictator from #NorthKorea", let me guess, I bet you're referring to @RandPaul, right?
Thanks for being you, Senator McCain!!!
haha. That crazy fat kid. Priceless!! LOL.He's also mass pyschotic, megalomaniacal. 
Watch out Sen McCain!. I fear for you.
Fair play, Senator, fair play...
if any country we should be at war with it is N Korea. More senseless and ruthless killings there than anywhere else
Join Democrat Rhino!
Talk and insults are cheap, what will it do to correct the situation? Don't need a comedian for Senator, need an achiever.
well done @BarstoolTrent - taking your talents to DC
You Shaq dieseled that fat man
Are you ever going to tweet about the dictator wannabe Trump? It's time for you to stand up to him and his traitorous, criminal behavior.
I would rather be a crazy fat kid than a crazy old man.
God I miss watching Shaq play!
Real Classy Senator @SenJohnMcCain #SAD #Warmonger
Thanks!  Can you make up a name for our fat orange dictator next?  We need more humor.
Sir, glad to see someone that doesn't go around walking around like they're on egg shells when it comes to Korea and their nutty dictator!
This is what you have time for?  Did you Neocon Masters give you the afternoon off?
I gotta say-it made me 
Stop your war mongering.
When are we going to deal with this guy

This week made clear that indep investigation into #RussianHacking is needed. My updated website lays out the case: https://swalwell.house.gov/russia  
This is your most epic post of all time.  #MAGA
Your the only person who puts country before party . Gad bless us and family
Flush out your head dude! McCain is as useless as mammory glands on a boar hog!
said the egg
