Seriously. What's the world coming to if the US can't shoot down planes in their own sovereign nations w/o consequences?
We targeted the Syrian Army they're working with to at least stop hostilities. We cannot work w/independents b/c=untrustworthy (at best)
Yes John where were you during the Obama nightmare?
-You are no warhero with your appearances in an UN-mission. You were shot down and jailed..for years.
I agree. How about the health care bill, too. Shouldn't that be acknowledged and brought out into light? #DoYourJob HELP us!
We can't.  We're too busy investigating every conspiracy theory in Washington. Be a leader.Stop the Dems so we can focus on important events
a good start would be by REPLACING the CinC with someone who is up to the task, Senator! #LordyIHopeThereAreTapesToo!
Can you imagine this lunatic with his hand on the nuclear button? Or Hillary who would have sold it to the highest bidder. Resign traitor.
U have been in charge for years..why r u worried now...ashamed of u
You should get out from Syria. You have no mandate of OUN, you are just murderers specially you senator. People are not stupid, they see
US is in Syria illegally. Like him or not, Assad was democratically elected. Stop warmongering!!!
Do we care that much about Syria that we're willing to have a fight with Russia? We need to reassess our commitments and reasons we do it.
@POTUS had said when campaigning that he wanted & would take Syria oil!!!!
you should start at the @WhiteHouse

Russian hacking proves lethal after Ukrainian military app hijacked
What about N Korea????
The best way to Protect our troops is to bring them home from wars we have no business being involved with. #stopwar
What's up with his avi anyways?
What did you expect!? Russia is going to test Trump. Let's see what Trump gives up in exchange for Putin backing down. Oil sanctions maybe?
a bunch of dishonest unfair crooks fighting 14 years for these benefits
help WWII veteran  injured line duty Henry Carreon widow get paid her benefits by owcp/feca dept Labor case 500017181  these
Secret mean Trumpcare..hang your head in shame. you Withstood torture, but sold your soul for this?
Those who oppose this patriot man are either ignorant or foreign mercenaries.
Sure sounds like Putin and Trump are colluding again! Not
Putin owns Trump, he can do whatever he wants and Trump lets him. You haven't noticed that? It will get worse..
War is profitable business. I wouldn't be surprised if the collusion w Russia is a coordinated play against the US by the US, to incite war.
That is EXACTLY what's going on.
Drudge report this morning says MCCain Institute is funding by George Soros. Is this true???
-Get down to the ground then.. anti-air-missiles will swarm.. If the UN-mission to proceed and end. 
Declare Endgoal
Which means you want to go to war with Russia.  For what reason I may ask.
McCains vision for America
Do you change your depends 4 or 5 times a day?
Johnny what are you being blackmailed for, whatever it is, it's obvious you gladly accepted the terms! Step down McCain! Traitor!
Is there a war you never said no to? Go take your medication and get your thoughts together, instead, you crazy deranged old man. 
Why can't he like applesauce and Elvis like everyone else.
Our military is dying 2 play at war with their guns, planes & bombs. They R polking the bear so only the troops will pay & not the brass.
Russia is taking advantage of the chaos created by the current administration!
No matter what critics of Mr MC cain says, you are the one of few  US statesmen who understand of Putin and Iran imperialistic aspirations
We applaud your courage Senator McCain. Russia is supporting despotic govs. Supports Iran . Has annexed Crimea & invaded Ukraine.
We need a Commander-In-Chief who gives a damn-Nothing about Fallen Servicemen from WH-Sending in more Troops w/o plan-#GopSheildingColluder
Another test of wills between  Putin and Tramp . Putin arrogance must be busted.long over due
Outrageous- John McCain is hungry for war. Oh wait nevermind
Songbird
So, um, what r u doing about it Senator? U sure do tweet a bunch but I'm not seeing any ACTION.
Very interesting that majority of comments come from the left. Republicans have no use for you @SenJohnMcCain
Even our AQ & ISIS partners.
Why don't YOU stop tweeting and do something about it, Senator?! You're no better than Trump.
And yet you will do nothing but talk.
in their hardest russian dreams. they can do it onle when they come to this conclusion that they have lived enough and now it's time to die
@INechepurenko If any of you wanted peace, you'd enlist to fight the Russians and quit criticizing me by blaming America 1st.
You @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan Trump meddled with Russians to get elected, he dont care about service members REMEMBER?
Syria is not worth US lives & even less a military confrontation with Russia.
If you cared about our soldiers, you'd bring them home instead of sending more of them to kill innocent ppl and fight alongside terrorists.
stále stejná teroristická rétorika , McCaine už proboha drž hubu!
And those necessary steps would be...?  And who will take them, surely not Republicans.
Yes! More war! Just what we need! What a bunch of clowns we have running this country.I wouldn't let most of you run a yard sale. #jackasses
Meanwhile YOUR Republican president still holds onto his love affair with Putin. Please do something! #RussianThreats
Of course they are John, they're running the Oval Office.
Why are you so concerned about Syria?  Do you really want another war?  Come on McCain answer me do you!!!!
@INechepurenko This is only to "prove" that he and The Donald aren't buds!
Everybody, but you, knows you’re out of it. No one’s going to give you any real facts you would give it to the opponent. Retire!
Agreed Sir! Must reverse the years of Obama defense spending cuts that has degraded our military training and equipment. @GOP
You'll have to work around the WH
partners being radical jihadist?
why is it outrageous? They're the only power welcomed by the sovereign Syrian government ther We have no business flying over that nation.
Why not? Trump won't stand up to them because they will show the world his hooker tapes
The US is ILLEGALLY in Syria shooting down Syrian aircraft over Syrian territory for OIL 
We the People are not all uninformed about the MIC
WAR
McCain on shit they in other ppl country try to change the ppl gov. And shooting down their planes in their own country. That's outrageous
Russia has no balls. They will not risk nuclear war with NATO that they will lose in a day.
@TAPSTRIMEDIA Could this simply be pretext to give Trump cover for seeking closer relations with Russia, or has the Kremlin recognized that
counting on DJT to deliver never pays off for "investors"
#KompromatPresident
Get our service members out of this war/syria.Syria-Russia will feel free to bomb us as we bomb syria. Not our country, Senator McCain
Too bad you sold out your country so your wife could get a job with the devil. This is on you.
Trump will never do this
How about protecting the vulnerable from a vicious "health care" onslaught??
Do something, Senator!!
Senator McCain, you referred to 44 as feckless, so now I pray you hold 45 to account. 
It can't be different sets of standards sir.
Escalations are always likely when multiple powers are operating in same waters or airspace.  Theater commanders are in best position to act
Well ,I guess it's time for U and Your GOP colegues to do something abt no. 1 Russian ally FAKE President the orange con artist!
We are as concerned as you are but are powerless to do anything against a crooked pres and GOP who are not preparing for next attack! 
Senator, it's your crazy pres. And GOP party that are obstructing investigations into Russian ties. Isn't it time to impeach and move on?
What do you propose to resolve it?
Let defense do their jobs. Your rhetoric is nor helpful. Never has been. Swsmp dweller
Then the US should stop bombing countries!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The US should stop arming and funding terrorists!
See what trump has done?? When will the GOP see him for what he is? A traitor.
Yeah well we have a nut job on the White House that has led us to the brink of war on all fronts..Thank you for doing nothing to stop him.
Call the bluff. Do the same thing to them if we aren't already. If not why not.
our parters beig al Qaeda
Shhhhhhhhh....not your call.  POTUS 45's call.
You have a president who has never once stood up against them. Do something!
That would mean impeaching Trump. Well, get on with it.
Let's just get them to hell out of there
Trump will never take on Putin and Putin knows it!
Not going to happen with @realDonaldTrump playing kissy-face with Putin. You need to call him out!
Your boy Trump has a direct line to Russia. Ask him to intervene.
Start with your influence on crazy head Donald Trump. Show some ethical strength sir. Break from him and his Russian collusion.
Have you ever heard of contributing ideas instead of always being the antagonist? Insulting career military generals.
Retire already
Trump Russia. Do you really think the Traitor in Chief doesn't have a hand in this?
And YOU should take necessary steps to protect our citizens and constitution.  Quit protecting corrupt 45
Once they get us spread across enough fronts in proxy wars, then where will be?  These are wars of attrition. No question is resolved...
U.S. has no business in Syria old man time to hang it up and retire Songbird.
But yet your boss publicly says that American and Russian interests are aligned. His knowledge of the world is embarrassing and dangerous.
DC is now full of russians planting all kinds of stuff

In a Hacked Ukrainian App, a Picture of the Future of War
How about leaving Syria alone?
AGAIN 25th amendment POTUS has no idea what he is doing.we have no leadership
If you are really outraged, how about following through and actually doing something about it?!!
Stop tweeting and do something, like impeaching the Russian operative in the WH!!!
@dannowicki Cc: @MeghanMcCain Megan, remind your Dad, he's the one in Congress with this power.
First step to protect our service members is to get them out of harms way, specially when our presence isn't welcome.
@dannowicki Hey John, don't look now but you're in Congress where these steps are taken. Get off your grandstanding!
Extremely outrageous.
NO WAR... we can figure this out diplomatically with dragging out the war machine to "fix" it..GEEZ..NO WAR
I'm sorry...BUT NO WAR...figure this out peacefully right now...geez..quit pushing the "war" agenda McCain
Then get rid of 45.  But you do nothing.  Spare us your crocodile tears.
Insanity 101. Get rid of the alliance with Russia... impeachment.
Outrageous that we've launched an unannounced invasion of Syria.
Your President is in the bed with Russia. Impeach that slimey puke
Then DO YOUR JOB!!!
So much for our influence in Syria. The Russians do not respect Trump.
#trollblock
So where has your press conferences been these past, oh 15 years about our hand tying RULES OF ENGAGEMENT over there? WHERE, JOHNNIE?
We know you want war with Russia John. Guess what? We don't.
What a stupid comment! Russia is our biggest foe and threat to peace in the Eu and world. Only trumpets and orange con artist don't see it!
prefer McCain rage war? Russia is an enemy we know that .You want to start playing chicken with them?Then you are the stupid one
I'm not scared of 'em.Me &my bros in arms fought many wars.U can't show weakness to any1 especially KGB agent as Putin!Trump is doing that.
I don't think so . The last thing we need right now is another war. We don't know what they are planning to do. We shall see.
U obviously have no clue how it works. Do u think Russians want the war. No they don't! But they winning leverage right now!
We can't stand him get hi@ out of our faces! He is not a conservative  ! He is nothing but a loser. We can't stand what he stands for
If you want necessary steps, then, you need to impeach 45.
But where is the OUTRAGE? You know #45 is allowing this. You know our #Democracy is at stake. And yet you tweet. #DoYourJob
Question, what comes first, impeachment or WW3?
I thought our psycho prez and Vald had a bromance going? Psycho prez is going to have us up to our asses in conflicts. Have Jared fix it!
6 months in and @realDonaldTrump is picking a fight with Russia.
#McCainIsIsis
I've always been a supporter of you. Get off your high horse and help the president out for once instead if dividing the rep party more
like U need 2 take this up with 45.Maybe you'll do something about this embarrassment of a "man", instead of taking healthcare away from
Impeaching this whole administration would be a great first step!
OMG, so funny and right on!
So...we're going to get into a shooting war with Russia. This won't end well.
Its all a big show. And a huge distraction #trumprussia
Still scares me...
This is your fault, you have been itching for war with Syria for a decade
UrVery upset that the Russians may have killed your old buddy bagdadi
Please! @POTUS won't nominate ppl 4 imperative positions and YOU, Mr. McCain & fellow ReTHUGlicans kiss trump's arse & do NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!
where the hell have you been for the last eight years! Call Ryan scaring shit out of the Republicans got you elected
Outrageous you let Trump get away with this BS .
And yet no comment from 45
After the tragedy last week have you learned nothing? Quit stirring the whacko bird pot. The swamp creatures are getting people hurt.
You are out front on this but where is the Orangatan in twitter Chief. Donny the liar Trump has to be called out on his cowardice.
G were you for 8 years? Get your SHIT together & support are President.
McCain is the best american friend the Al Qaeda would ever have.
Inter-state war is back on the table...?
#1-It's reported by @nytimes 
#2-Youre a war monger
#3-YOU werent elected President
#4-You've been complacent for years
#5-Take a seat, sir
McCain go watch some basketball.
Put Country over party. Do what is right and stand up to #45.
John McCain is putting himself before anybody else.  He should support President Trump on immigration and building the wall.
SEN MCCAIN START BY GETTING THE PUTIN LOVER OUT OF THE WH. COUNTRY OVER PARTY
US jets and troops are not supposed to be in Syria in the first place. That's what outrageous.
Agreed. Trump'sconnection with Russia has emboldend them, sumilar to Turkey's lost respect for America culminating in an attack on Americans
А вы чего хотели?
Senator, I am your non partisan admirer.
"You know who" will never go after Russia. You know this as well-which is why you are tweeting.
Someone pointed out that Russia is acting like it was a Russian in that plane. Food for thought.
You are #complicit in Russia's newfound boldness as you have not worked to impeach Trump and undo their successful attack on our election.
Normally I'd look 2 U 4 guidance but since wife accepted position in Donald's admin & U played dumb during hearings I don't trust U! #SAD
And what is your answer ANGRY BIRD? Maybe something is being done. Seek answers and quit throwing the verbal fire bombs.
Good thing you guys elected someone who is not only completely incompetent, but also really temperamental!
Just like white supremacists Russia is emboldened by our @POTUS
Outrageous - Congress must take necessary steps to protect the US & world from a mentally unstable president. #IMPEACH #IMPRISON #SaveTheUS
Yes Senator. Russia must be stopped. I'm sure the US will not succumb to Russian bullying
Where is the congressional approval? What happened to checks & balances? What's happening is illegal! POTUS is not a king! #doyourjob
Maybe you can stick your nose in and you can get use into a conflick with two, Russians and with North Korea
...and shame on Trump for not doing a better job kissing Putin's behind.
Trump can't even do the wrong thing right.  SAD!
But but but.... I thought Putin and Trump were like brothers? Isn't that what the media said!?
How about we start by just getting out of Afghanistan? That is a war on several fronts that nobody will ever win.
What are those steps? How many will die in the process?
First step: #Impeach45
