You're next!!
All the proof needed of McCain collusion with Russia lol
Can't you just go away!
Speaking of retiring...... it's time McCain
It's funny how you think this RINO supports PRESIDENT TRUMP! Apparently you don't know what's going on in our government! God bless POTUS!
You don't speak for all AMERICANS! GOD BLESS AND PROTECT PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Hint hint
YOU SHOULD RETIRE!!!
You are sick and senile resign old man
Sadly John McCain you went from hero to zero with your anti Trump obsession! Go Trump!
He may be a "0"to you ,but to people he represents ,Like me ,he is still a hero.What did you do for your country Mr. Muller?
One too many hits to the head...
Thanks for being a Democrat
reason for this mention bcoz he was 1 of the supporters of the coup d'etat in Ukrain ;)
EXACTLY!!
That's EXACTLY how middle AMERICA felt about the last USA killing administration!
18 tweets in one day.
When can we celebrate your retirement, John?
Big hint here McCain. Look through your responses to everything you tweet. 2/3rds or more negative. TRUMP WON you little man lost
Join him.
Make it three!
I literally started shaking my head when I saw this post. Really, you're posting about a boxer retiring?
An angry old man
Thank you for you vote sir..You have forever gained a new respect for republicans of the left, that never existed before.
He had great insurance paid by OUR money! DRAIN THE SWAMP! He's one of the top SWAMP DWELLERS! Go away RINO!
Did your staffers craft this tweet for you like you let them craft your no vote on health care? Heard you were a yes and they pushed u 2 no
Stop telling us about sports John and start telling the citizens of AZ what YOU plan to do for our health care
Wow..talk about walking into something.......
Follow his lead!
Indeed one of the greatest just like yourself!
You are the one who should retire. It's time for you to go!
Ya why don't you get out & visit your 7 homes. Nothing but a traitor to the President. Need to get rid of all traitors against are President
The Duke and the Champ retiring with class, but the career politician hangs on. Unfair.
They seem pretty chummy. Hey Soros check out the fake dossier I'm about to hand over to the FBI ha ha.

RETIRE RINO!!!
Hollywood, Left, Schumer, Dems heap love on McCain for his support of Obamacare. McCain is duplicitous hack. #DrainTheSwamp
WE THE PEOPLE are so ready for YOU to RETIRE!! Go away! You are a major part of the swamp that WE THE PEOPLE WANT DRAINED! Go away RINO!
Retirement
You mean that you are such a sore loser that you want to see the president of the knighted states fail because you aren't the president
Who posted this - Good Luck for Faith and Devotion!
John McCain is talking about a Russian! He must me colluding
Please join him...NOW!!!
Memories no doubt shared spooning with Miss Lindsey #cuck #GOP #MAGA
Look at the condition of our country since you have been in office for 30 years. You should resign in shame. Retiring is too good for you.
Now it's your turn.
You need to go Rino
Where's your support? Traitor!
You're next!
Disappointed was hoping it was your announcement for retirement.
Senator, you ought to retire also.
Might as well,  you vote with em Traitor
2 of the same! Pelosi with a buck shot face!!!
Senator.We need to stop trump use twitter to raise hate and anger for his own good. It's a warzoom in there.this is madness.
You should retire too John!
Follow his lead.... RETIRE
I'm still waiting to hear about yours.
You should follow his lead
When are you retiring? Now that's News
Time for you to resign Hanoi John.
Even a fool realized that it was time for him to retire. When will you understand this?
If i am not mistaken . Klitschko is Russian. Hmmm maybe McCain has ties with Russia.
I support you, John McCain. You are an American Hero and you will go down in history.
And when are you retiring John?
You're an embarrassment to the GOP. #retire
Sending positive thoughts to John McCain, don't agree with him, but I do respect him.
wow.  a recognition from John McCain. That means something, It shows you Vladimir had appeal to more than just boxing.  To the world.
Take his lead and retire.
Talk me about your friends I'll talk about you, Klitchko brothers supported military capture of state power in Ukraine.They are your friends
You need to retire, John
Maybe that's a sign for you, "retiring" before your traitor trophy gets made.
Klitschko was/is a tough guy.   And, thank you for your service sir.
Maybe you got a fake dossier on him too? RINO LIAR!
you need to retire also
I loved watching him fight.  He will be missed
Take notes old man
You should...please. Work on your health and PLEASE let Kelly Ward win election
Hey bro. Your new nickname is 'Stitch'
Take the hint, @SenJohnMcCain
Теперь он сможет пойти работать премьер министром Украины или губернатором Одессы, например
.... That's it McCain you're colluding with Russia. I think we need a special counsel.

Why are you threatening Donald Trump like this?
And u need to retire from screwing the american people!
Maybe you should follow suit. #RetireMcCain
Why don't you follow his example?
I really do hate you Senator . You are disgusting and should have to go to the va for treatment then let's see how long you have
Man I can't believe I voted for you several times. I would not let you be dog catcher . Step down while you still can do the right thing
Another retirement announcement from @SenJohnMcCain. The one we're looking for Johnny is YOURS.
Why is it that you can tweet about sports, celebrity and other self promoting nonsense , but Trump shouldn't? No malice just #fair
It's time for you to retire too.
You Socialist Democrat fool should do the same.  Retire.   Why did you ever put a uniform on?   Why?    You are now a socialist democrat.
John MCCain.  Go retire.   Your ideas are now Anti American. You are not listening to the people.   I will never pay $900/month for care 
America to think you are
You should retire and leave us alone so a real republican can take your place
At least they fight, not like you, might as well be a democrat. they useless also!
Lol so that's how you remember him by this pic? You don't make good decisions John.
You need to retire John
Oh, oh. RUSSIA, RUSSIA. RUSSIA!
You need to do the same
He's so hot!
Support your president you damn traitor!
Are you kidding? The world is on fire and you're tweeting about this nonsense. Your brain is really rotting.
You need to retire. Your brain is not working
You should the same since u r not supporting our President we don't need u there anymore he has done more for this country the last 7 myths
https://twitter.com/manmountain78r2/status/891257554717863937 …
Take his advice and retire too please!
You should do the same !

Follow his lead...
WV Governor turned Republican. When will you announce your Democratic preferences. Just get it out!
Keep blowing the Ukrainians songbird.
A lot of excitement you gave us champ! Walk with your head held high.
We still remember how you stabbed us about "health insurance", didn't know demos liked boxing, whining is more your speed.
You've lost your mind...
Make him your mentor and follow him.
You should take that hint and retire and just fade into oblivion..
It's great you're recognizing boxers. You should be representing the people. Join the Libs and get it over with.
Fake Republican @SenJohnMcCain
POS traitor.
Russian?
Did he throw any fights? Like lying politicians throw votes
Many of your friends are retiring. Why don't you?
There comes a time when everyone must do just that. Senator McCain it is time, before you harm yourself or the country.
Now you should follow suit
How dare you talk about a decorated American War Hero.
Follow his lead old worn out traitor
Why don't you take a cue from him and retire Senator? We all know you are a traitor democrat
You could take a clue....



You should retire, too. TRAITOR!
You should take a page from his book.
Again, take a hint McCain.
John McCain, you're the greatest too!
U certainly took one to many. Shame. U crashed and burned. Save ur military legacy. Politically u r dead.
@LouDobbs @FoxNews 
Get the not so subtle hint, McCain?? Way past time 4 U 2 Retire ASAP. Do America a big favor.
Thanks senator, the news of the new champ missed me.  Another brit, seems like they've had more champs than US, past few decades.
You probably should retire too
Some just know when it's time to retire and some just never know.
Time for you to retire too! Liberal paid by Soros
Retiring? Did you say you r RETIRING? Seriously? Can it be true? There is a God! You are retiring! Thank G--- Oops, I just re-read..crap....
keyword..... retire
Our government officials are nothing but overpaid pieces of shit as long as they're making money they don't give a shit
John McCain is a true war hero and patriot to our country.
When are you retiring?
Thanks for honoring the sweet science!
Boxing is base
Really you're more worried about boxing than you are the United States of America see people They Don't Care About Us
He is worried about the American people which he has shown by upholding Obamacare. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain !
Liar.
Don't pay no mind to those haters John.They probably voted for Trump and we know where that's going.
Was that the taller one lol?
You should follow suit - one of the worst.
Offending him is the easiest thing in the world for me. He's repulsive.
You should move to the democratic side Sir? Please bring Oliver Stone with you! We could use two greats like you there,
You should follow his lead Senator. Retire for the good of your country.
Just stop. The senator will retire when he's good and ready. We need more heroes in office like him!
VENGEANCE IS MINE SAYS THE LORD!
Mr. McCain, that's exactly how I'll fill when you retire 
Fill?  nice try troll.
What we do in this world we pay for in the next.Sometimes we pay for it in both.
Why don't you do what he's doing retire
The only one that would get upset are your demo rat friends
You used to stay with him on all your secret trips to Russia didn't you traitor?
