Support our President!!!!!!
Wow,believe everything ur told but have zero clue of reality.Trump has my support so does Duarte.Presidents r for people not elitist pigs
With all due respect Sen., @RRD_Davao still get the 76% approval of the Filipinos. D problem is how incompetent media spreads the news.
Mccain is a nutcase Duarte has 80% support  he fights the drug dealing deep state not bow to them like Mccain did betraying people.
82% approval rating as of the latest SWS survey, but thank you for your factual remark Sir
Duarte is 10x the man you are Mccain. As he loves his country and is cleaning out your drug dealing you sold out USA for a few bucks
McCain...you met with Islamists..WHAT the freak are you talking about
We support @RRD_Davao & will not allow drug lords & dealers 2 destroy PH. Murders & rape related 2 drug addiction r leading crimes in PH.
One of mr trump's heros. Unbelievable.
Same "disease." #NPD
Yet Tillerson is over there making nice with this psychopath killer.
You going to say that we need to get involved give me a break John.  Go away and retire
Support our President or succumb to ur cancer, Rhino.
Fake news!
Past govt. like the Aquino govt. were corrupted & crimes went up. PH needs an iron fist governancy 2 fix corruption & drug proliferation.
PH is a good country but citizens lacks discipline in adhering to the laws because previous govt. are very lax in law enforcement.
The Spread Of Illegal Drugs claim MORE VICTIMS...Not just in the Phils, in the US but everywhere else.
Apparently LEGAL drugs are a huge problem in USA. The illegal drugs come from China via United States Postal Service.
What happens in the Philippines is none of our business let them take care of their own.
Thank you Marion! Some of your politicians there are annoying, always meddling w/other countries' businesses. They're not helping at all!
And your republican president loves him.
He is evil
Ok bot 
FYI, Pres. Duterte just passed a bill regarding FREE EDUCATION to state universities & colleges, yeah, that's our ''dictator''& we love him!
These are purges in the guise of law enforcement...Joseph Stalin would be proud...the guy is a thug moving towards a dictatorship
If you believe fake news WAPO you are def. detached - thanks for keeping PP abortion factories operating btw big man!
You're a liar.
What you want to invade this country as well?  Neocon are you and Lindsey Graham going to go there and meet with the opposition groups
You lied
Next time we'll find a nominee like Duterte in 2020. And happily you'll be a fart in the wind w/jihadist obama's legacy stuck to your ass!
The decent philipino people like him.  Please quit talking
REMEMBER TANG/TRUMP APPLAUDS Duterte as a GREAT LEADER! TRUMP IS GOING 2 KILL US ALL
Senator McCain is one of the few GOP politicians to put America above party. This man has stood up to both parties. #DumpTrump
@potus praised him. Also calls @washingtonpost 'fake news'. Please stand up to him!

This is a stupid article. Do you know why there is martial law for 30 days?  Your ISIS friends moved into the territory and have a town. War
What?? ''lawless regime''?? We're perfectly fine here in the Phils.! STOP SPREADING FAKE NEWS WILL YA! MIND UR OWN COUNTRY! 
No thankyou, John. I don't believe anything in the  Amazon WaPO. But you go ahead and read that shit, Rhino.  How's ur cancer doing. Bye

Murder, rape & drug proliferation r caused by corruption in the PH govt. and past administrations failed 2 resolve this epidemic dilemmas.
The bias media who favors the liberal party misinformed the public about @RRD_Davao great accomplishment in PH.
endorsing a misleading headline and slanted article
This will be the future of Washington Post:
God is Great. 
We don't take any man serious who has a Snapchat acct!" 
LMFAO! What he thinking? First, the demographics in Snapchat is way below his target audience. Second, who wanna see his face w/ filters?
Another low life satanic demon
Life is precious but sacrificing a criminal's life bec. they fight cops is better than 2 imperil people's safety and lose humanity 4ever.
No violation of human rights & extra judicial killings took place in PH. D bias media who favors d liberals are worst critic of @RRD_Davao.
You do not have the monopoly on moral ascendency. So stop pretending that America is a land of saints
Philippines are unsafe, why are you so concerned with protecting drug dealers?
The real Philippine genocide was the Catholic genocide which WSJ misreported 7 times! ISIS is alive and well in the Philippines!
Duterte is a fagot him self.
Duterte is afoot Jim self.
Let's make this guy the new chief of police...do away with all the crime in the city...
I suppose warmonger  johnny wants to go to war with them too
"Killing his own people" "Genocide is imminent" "Human rights abuses" "Brutal Dictator" "Protect the Innocents"
Remember Iraq? Libya? Syria?
Trump's Hero. That ought to tell everybody something
Is this your next war destination?  Not happy if you are not warmongering- getting more people killed. Ugh
Not one regime over the past 30 years has killed more people than the "democracy" of the United States (Yugoslavia, Iraq, Libya).
What is most important is HELPING @POTUS right now and that should be the main agenda of anything else. Get the leakers like you out
Can't believe anything you or the Washington Post says............
It's so funny that you didn't come out against the lawless regime of @BarackObama when he was in office. #RINO #IRSTargeting #DOJ

Yeah, but he's a president and you are not! Loser! At least Duterte is loyal to his people!
John McCain csnt be trusted.
No one cares what McCain has to say anymore. He can't be trusted !!!!
Sorry don't read that paper fake news just like you are fake
How's THEIR healthcare?
Duterte has to do SOMETHING!!Who the hell created ISIS?Can you answer that???
We want the raise act!! You must get it passed.
Let's worry about our own lawless regime
You mean kills more drug dealers and jihadists.
Trying to influence another regime Mcain? U r a war monger that couldn't even fly planes.  POWs know what you are.
America has helped many regimes do the same. You have put dictators in place and destabilize countries. Songbird
You have a plan yet to get Arizonians affordable health care?
What about the millions of US citizens that are forced to have healthcare they can't use because of high premiums and deductables. Shame!
How do u have so much time to tweet between all the backstabbing you do all day?????
I suppose you want 2 go 2 war there also!
How many victims have we claimed in Iraq, Syria and Yemen?
Too bad he missed you.
McCain u will be in hell soon enough. U better make it right w/God before.U sold ur soul to Satan&I don't feel sorry for u
Duterte is killing drug lords and other criminals., he is doing 100% right! McCain would  protect them?
I think GOD was trying to send u a little signal that your CORRUPTION is DONE Apparently you didnt RECEIVE itVengeance is HIS
Hey John. Conservatives don't want to hear from you anymore.  Done with you.  I'm Mr Average Conservative. Stop with your opinions. Please.
You praying for war there too? You're a jealous guy. You hate Trump and you're so jealous of the love he gets from millions of us.
Stick ur nose out of other peoples affairs. There are drug raids in this country  which ends badlyl.Never hear a word from u about that.
so it's ok for Mueller interviewing for the FBI post, then one week later is the SC. It proves u want Trump out. U r a bitter old man
I'd like a SC to investigate the finances of Every lawmaker like u. How govt service work equals millions in net worth. Talk about fraud?
At least our president didn't make his money being in the pocket of lobbyists. The Clintons weren't worth 2 nickels yet now 150 mil? Hmm
U scam the American people. Trump won 30 states and u can't stand it. Now u r trying to remove him? Do u think America will allow that?
Trump & new VA director r doing great work for our Vets HC. It's outstanding and U SAY NOTHING! U could care less. I have no respect for u
#WashingtonPost  Soon all Countries are going to know our Media is a joke- It will be a joke around the World https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.rt.com/document/5892e660c36188c3118b4588/amp …
All SENATORS Repeal & Replace AHCA! SenJohnMcCain U should understand following the Chain of Command there4 YOUR Commander & Chief TRUMP!
He has a spine and gets rid of terrorist/criminals in his country unlike you coward.
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT AMERICAN ZERO....UPS! HERO
Did you say Washington lawless regime?
Guess what McCain, YOU'RE NOT PRESIDENT'. Try representing like a Republican for once instead of trying to run your own government.
I got an idea John - BOMB THE LIVING SHIT OUT of the Philippines!!!
John Mcains votes should be void. We all know he's on some kind of pharmaceutical narcotics. I'm mean look he forgot he was a republican!
Thinks John borrowed to may diapers from Nacy Pelosi!! Now he's being extorted and turned in to a democrat minion.
So did Clinton ,Pelosi or Sorros have you post this John? Your a pathetic trader. # karma# John Mcain
We have enough lawless Dems in Washington
Джонни, опухоль давит? Нахрена тебе надо лезть в каждую задницу?
Talk about lawless stand behind our President !!!
We're on to you Stitch. You're not fooling anyone.
John McCain funded by Soros since 2001 http://po.st/oYfDkx  I first published this via @worldnetdaily in 2008 SOROS still FUNDING McCain
McCain is medically unfit to hold office
for all that is good and right, please resign now.
Trump is the only person who cares about what Americans want. To go against him on the Raise act amazes me. Take your gang of 8 and shove it
Amnisty will not happen.
U will go out your way to go against the president. U lie to your own state about Obamacare , u r the poster person for the swamp
The American people support the Raise act , it is common sense policy yet u want to bring back the gang of 8? Code word- amnisty
What u and the never Trumpers in cahoots w the media and Dems is disgusting. Trying to unseat a duly elected president who 30 states
Thank you for standing with morals and ethics on this. Duerte is a danger to all and nmp's ridiculous fascination with him is terrifying
Where has your outrage for the world tin horns been for the last 30 years? How about priorities that count, healthcare, taxes?
MustRead:your 2016 campaign speeches and http://slogans.You  should be in Washington,along with your colleagues, protecting our POTUS
Sen Mc Cain wants to work on the Immigration legislation . John please do us a favor  Rest !! Stay home please !!!
Guess you want to go to war with them too. #StepDown #Traitor
I've been saying for years that you should have came home and kept ur mouth shut! You could have died a hero now we know you're a traitor!!
It's no problem for you to say no.  I have a bad feeling you have monetary interests with Obama care and you may be getting some side money.
friends: I want you to get in touch with a brilliant engineer from the Philippines who has another side of story.He is in NJ: lexdabs@yahoo!
Is this the man Trump welcomed into our treasured White House?
Forget about your punch line.  How about the Great Obama sell out to Iran ? last three administrations that got played like a yo yo by NK
Yet you oppose the Raise Act. Your loyalty should be to Americans, not foreigners. Which it obviously is not
Repeal Socialist wealth redistribution scheme called Obamacare and unleash true American ingenuity! We can't grow! You are a traitor to us!
Too bad POTUS has good words for this dictator
One of trump's buddies
Don't your country have any problems? Why you interfere in other countries? Worry for yours!
Will the @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP really impeach @realDonaldTrump if he fires Mueller?Get a DAMN SPINE & defend our President! #FireMueller
It appears a long dictatorship is an inevitability and unfortunately he's not a US ally. The Phillipines will be lost.
https://fronteranews.com/news/asia/much-foreign-aid-manila-lose-washington/ … why?
You know nothing John McCain
I know why you don't like trump .You politicians are use to doing whatever you want to the people .Your not a king.
Take ur gang of 8 bill and shove it. We don't want ur anti-American immigration bill. Vote for the RAISE Act that majority of us support.
Trump's dream of getting rid of bad Hombres
This is where we are heading with socialist Obamacare and deep state Democrats AND Republicans trying to undermine/oust elected POTUS.
Stop trying to involve the people of the US in all the problems of the world. Stay focused on the US for awhile
Most Filipinos support President Duterte.  He is not currupt. He just signed free tuitions  for all state universities and colleges.
Support out President
Sounds like Trump's twin. If @realDonaldTrump is given enough power we can expect similar from him. Stop him @GOP or we will lose democracy

... McCain funds and arms terrorists in Syria and has the gall to talk about somebody else being Lawless.
But, but, Donnie likes his leadership style!
McCain only post "stories" written and approved by the Pentagon. Lawless is ur funding of terrorists in syria
@nedryun Ned, do you spout the cult view on Duterte? Do you admire Duterte too?
And our extrajudicial war on drugs, Senator?!?
I would not reduce myself to read the fake news of the Washington Post.
and you traitor in USA have looted entire wealth of 99% via Fraud Wall st Casino Financial Terrorist Network led by
illegal drugs are big business for the drug lords.....aren't they your big donors?

This is where America is headed with 45 if our Congress doesn't impeach him.
And current POTUS praised this dictator and invited him to WH during first month in office.  so Trump has no clue. Sad? Frightening.
and you traitor in USA have looted entire wealth of 99% via Fraud Wall st Casino Financial Terrorist Network led by
I thought that McCain had retired ! Sorry it was only a dream.
Heal fast Senator..We need your experience, your commonsense, your Patriotism and your heart!
and you traitor in USA have looted entire wealth of 99% via Fraud Wall st Casino Financial Terrorist Network led by
Harry Reid made sure NOTHING Republucan got done for 8 yrs & now YOU want 2 suck up 2 the Dems?? What, really, is WRONG with you? It's nuts!
What? You want war with them too?
We need to recall the senile orangutan. This guy, along with the rest of the establishment hold the American people in complete contempt
RETIRE!
Dems SHOVED OCARE down our throats w/ LIES & now YOU want 2 WORK WITH THEM AGAINST THE PREZ *WE* ELECTED. U R betraying the American people.
Must-read:
http://www.stonekettle.com/2017/08/the-later-days-of-better-nation-part-iv.html?m=1 …
Washington post is now a treasonous organization. Will not believe anything they say. And you are a traitor. Not trustworthy
The DEMS did NOTHING but SCREW the Republicans 4 the last 8 yrs and YOU kiss their ass. Do the right thing, STOP pretending 2 be a Repub...
My girlfriends entire family is from the Philippines and they voted for him because he was willing to take a hardline on drugs.
Will all due respect you don't know what the hell you're talking about.
. John mccain seems to be the biggest problem in the Whitehouse. Thats to bad alot of people used to respect h
This is depressing
Dictators are becoming a common occurrence .....We are living in very dangerous times . Times that we look up to men like you for guidance.
Here is a must read. McCain betrays constituents votes against repeal and replace obsmacare. Takes exemption on it for staff. Better than
Rest of us? Undermines presidency. Involved in fake dossier on president.
McCain yr a damn fool, USA is more lawless with kids dying every day from drugs and sanctuary city's. I defy you to come to San Francisco
McCain your in bed with the Muslim brotherhood and your a disgrace to all Veterans 
Duterte is a good man.  MSM is trying to wreck him just like what their doing to Trumo
I don't understand where this complete delusion comes from.
Trump wants to invite him to the White House.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/04/30/trump-invites-controversial-philippines-leader-duterte-to-white-house.amp.html …

Here's a source you might like, genius...
Unlike you, he stands for his people, puppet. Ever bother to look at P.I. drug crime stats?



Breaking News: Dictators kill people. 
Must read:


I'm old enough to remember when we had a president who would be on air standing up for the Philippine people (you don't have to be that old)
We have kissed the Ass of North Korea with the past three Administrations . Obama and Iran sell out is nothing compared to Duarte


I know you are fighting for your life, Sir, but please fight for these people somehow. POTUS doesn't give a sh*t.
and you traitor in USA have looted entire wealth of 99% via Fraud Wall st Casino Financial Terrorist Network led by
And @realDonaldTrump reathinks he's great.

Our own president is advocating police violence. He's a fan of Duterte. If he had his way, he would do the same. Do something. #impeach45
Appreciate the concern and hope that congress could care for American's issues.

http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5925901ee4b0ec129d313083 …
