Who bought you John McCain ?
John is just a hired mouth piece for the corrupted deep state, that's all this is why he's so War hawkish. Keeping industrial military Rich.
hello every one
Are these the guys you got the fake dossier about trump from ? Remember? Last July ? You said you read it and it was bad . But it all false
Likewise. We were honored to have you provide opening remarks at last night's screening of #Nemtsov.
Honored to speak @NEDemocracy on Vladimir Kara-Murza's documentary about Boris Nemtsov, an inspiration to all fighting for freedom in Russia 
do not poke your nose into Russia !!! you can stay without a nose!
Amazing to think that the leader of your own Republican party colluded with the guy who murdered Nemtsov and tried to murder Kara-Murza.
@SenJohnMcCain don't take away health care from millions of Americans. Don't price them out of a chance to live healthy lives.

So, John, we need your help again.  We are all fighting to save the country, we don't need another health care battle to fight.
If you vote for this it is a full repeal without a replacement.
Speaking of Russia, what role did you play in the creation of the Russian Dossier on Trump? Tell the truth, John, for ONCE ...
Why don't you fight for freedom in America by repealing Obamacare?
thank you Senator McCain
Russia will never be free as long as Vladmir/Bratva controls it.
My dear senator McCain,
So much thanks since you're one of the best defenders of Russian democracy and human rights here always.
Graham- Cassidy are trying to cram healthcare repeal (millions lose coverage) before Oct. This is NOT regular order. Please be brave again.

Did you finally come out as a Democrat?
You're RINO. Working against republican party.
Don't back down on the #ACA, there are too many Americans who need this coverage. Support #SinglePayer. You vote for your people not GOP!
John McCain, you need to slither back into the hole! No one respects you or wants to hear 1 word you say. Yes, you are the RUSSIA CREEP!
shoes are about to drop "johnny wet-start" we see you for who you are.. you could go down for TREASON for a 2nd time. this time no pardon 
http://truepundit.com/fbi-paid-100k-for-concocted-trump-dossier-during-election-john-mccain-help-broker-deal-with-comey/ … tick tock.. tick tock.. time is running out
Plz Johnboy don't trash our country or POTUS, plz don't disrespect us like that. Just keep talks to what function is about and leave trash
You should be working on health care reform. WE don't pay you to speak at events.
How about fighting for freedom is this country.
He's a double agent! Traitor
SENATOR
WHY IS IVANKA TRUMP IN THE TREASURY NOW
To empty it, of course.
CONGRESS NEEDS TO WAKE UP AND ESCORT HER OUT AT GUN POINTS
Congress has been stealing our tax money for years. Quite trying to stop us from fixing this corrupted government!
Let's worry about health care, taxes, immigration, hurricane relief... AMERICAN problems can keep you busy for the rest of your life. RETIRE
Is this a form of Russian collusion you blamed POTUS for? Still waiting for that other shoe to drop or are you wearing it now?
How about fighting for freedom in America mr McCain. Cops killing people in the daily is not freedom
Juan your priroities #RepealACA #TaxReform #BuildTheWall - engage in your hobbies when your work is done. #MAGA
Go Navy and keep on fight Sen McCain
I don't understand why you are not at home with your wife and family spending quality time with them !!! You need to think of them.......
he cancer  boy is supporting  russkiess as  edward mcgrath says that russians  eat  gold 607 746 0300
@vkaramurza is very brave!!
And @realDonaldTrump has the Russia Collusion Hahahaha!
He was a crook and you are a criminal!
Do you ever actually do Senator work?
You must be the Republican Russian connection. Needs to be investigated.
Please be a hero and save USA from lying racist treasonous putin puppets NOW #stolenelection #nullify2016
Anyone flying US flag upside down is a dumbass traitor stinking pinko commie ingnoramous. Thank the USA you have free speech knucklehead.
Way to fight for the people of Arizona John.
Say something nice about @HillaryClinton !!!
This guy rocks.
"Fighting for freedom" translates into: Fighting for @georgesoros influence in Russia.
Oh dear, lil' Putin bot. You just outted yourself.

