Yes all criminals must be freeze his assets ! #Putin is a dictator an assassin and no pity for him and he's complices.
Why did your sorry ass not vote to repeal obama's health slavery act? Oh, that's right, you get a subsidy don't you. You want to run the corruption.
PLEASE rally all those you can to pursue this. Russia sanctions must be imposed. @Billbrowder must be protected.
@CNN @MSNBC @SenBobCorker



Wish Trump would impose sanctions. It's not a blindspot as @LindseyGrahamSC  suggests. It's COLLUSION. HELP - Get House to start IMPEACHMENT
Your "friends" in Canada are actually corrupt liberal politicians. No wonder you claim them as your "friends."
Senator McCain - Can you explain why the US has revoked @Billbrowder visa/global trusted traveller status as a result
Why is @Billbrowder  on the interpole list and his visa revoked for supporting this?
John, WTAF?????????
Not only did Putin add me to the Interpol list, but the US simultaneously revoked my visa. @jaynordlinger explains http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/452978/why-bill-browder-banned-america …
Thank you Senator McCain!
Bill Browder is a champion of anti-corruption in #Russia. DHS must immediately review decision to revoke his visa. https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=A8D4E587-77D5-4A3A-AC6C-D44277C7FF7E …
Well...

Isn't this special?
@SenJohnMcCain 
Why isn't this special.
#IBelieveFrederica #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #FBR
We’re you aware that @Billbrowder has his visa revoked? You want to help him out?
Heartening 2 see how ferociously you are fighting 4  integrity of  democracy
But SO disheartening that you're the last warrior of GOP
WHY DID U LET HIM RUN. RIG ALL STEAL HER PRESIDENCY? YOUR LOVER GRAHAM WAS BOUGHT. GOP, REPUB TOO. TRAITORS, THIEVES.

I THINK U ARE A FRAUD. TRAITOR, CORRUPT. DON'T LIKE OR RESPECT U. MCCONNELL& RYAN HELPED HIM RIG ALL.  STEALING ALL DEPTS.
I am just a random midwest USC but if you need a place to go underground my house is open.  #supportforbrowder I see you. Thank you.
Yes it is, but could you do something about this?
Since own POTUS is a wholly-owned Kremlin subsidiary who won’t dare enforce sanctions, it’s good to see other nations filling the moral void
No POTUS is an ally of Russia not owned by them. That's Hillary. Sounds like you've been listening to too much fake news mainstream media.
What will you do to help @Billbrowder? He should be able to enter the US, the Interpol warrant is political payback.
Thank you, Canada and Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
@Billbrowder @RFERL how Bill Browder got into this situation is a travesty. Please help him
Weird, after Canada does this and Browder tweets the followinghe has his visa revoked, .
Fascinating analysis about how Russia manipulated Google searches and other means to fight Canadian Magnitsky Act https://medium.com/dfrlab/canada-and-the-kremlin-clash-on-magnitsky-act-92dab2cb8808 …
#trumprussia #trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion

@Billbrowder was just banned by @INTERPOL_HQ  and @StateDept
Why has Browder's visa been revoked?
Farmers and local business owners are not wealthy tax evaders. The Finance Minister is!
We need to do it here, as well!
Will you now help Bill Browder with this ridiculous visa revocation that the US imposed on him simultaneously wth Russia's BS arrest warrant
And Trump still has not enacted the sanctions
Why was @BillBrowder’s US Visa revoked???
Maybe you can find out why @TheJusticeDept revokes @Billbrowder visa the same time Russia adds him to Interpol list?
law about Visas went into effect under Obama's state dept, so ask HRC.
Senator, can you help? @StateDept revoked the visa of @Billbrowder?
Not only did Putin add me to the Interpol list, but the US simultaneously revoked my visa. @jaynordlinger explains http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/452978/why-bill-browder-banned-america …
Yes it's great but now we need to stop Putin from abusing interpol! And why has US revoked his visa????
He gave us a great gift. Exposure. He paid dearly for this gift. His work should not be taken in vain. Canada is doing the right thing.
Thank you Senator McCain
While we have the RICO ACT. Which doesn't seem to be working here. I truly hope Canada's works better.
Great friends in Canada?
Why in the world did you vote for that awful budget??????
Please Mr. McCain what happened to the sanctions against Russia? I know you are not well. But you are hope. Please implement the sanctions
I don't sleep eat I cry everyday. My daughter is expecting her 2nd child she is not sure she wants to have it. That's how scared we are.
I have her in counseling. There are many of us that feel exactly like me. You know more then we do. So please do all that you can. Thank you
so question is....WHY ARE WE NOT DOING THE SAME.  TIme to step up to the plate and #Impeach this fool.  What are you waiting for? #DoYourJob
Can you please address why @realDonaldTrump let US sanctions on Russia expire? Isn't this a HUGE red flag? Coupled w/his continued denial? 

All normal Russians support the Act too. I am sick of what the corrupted government is doing with the country...

Please adopt globally
I offer payment upon national debt but get no response
Federal Reserve Funds archived account
You have my blessing....
Ukraine loves you !!!!


Say NO to "Trickle Down". PLEASE!
The real reason Trump wants to lift Russia's sanctions !  Adoptions=Sanctions
I may not agree with you on some of your political viewpoints, but I do not doubt your patriotism, professionalism, or honor sir. Thank You!
I cannot imagine the level of patience and restraint it takes to actually deal with the buffoon who calls himself a leader. Bravo sir, Bravo
How about focusing on the corruption of our finance minister? Or our Prime Minister?
A Vet committed suicide in front of the Phoenix VA hospital today.   Come on John McCain get it together like you promised.
If tRump is going to start a war (EO today re reactivating retired military), isn’t it time for Congress to press for Russia sanctions?
Same way America needs to be going..
worry about passing bills here. RINO
Why aren't you fighting corruption in Washington?
I wish we could enforce our sanctions against Russia.
Sen.McCain, how many Articles of Impeachment do you have to have before Congress Actually does something about it? This Country is in BIG Trouble because of the person in our White House.We deserve much Better.
THANKS JOHN MCCAIN FOR HAVING THE COURAGE TO STAND UP FOR SERGEI MAGINSKY AND GETTING CONGRESS TO NOT LET HIS MEMORY BE FORGETTON.
U should b fighting corruption here Senator. America will love u again if you come back, do the right thing for your brothers. Peace & Love
So when are you going to hold Trump accountable for enforcing Russian sanctions that were signed months ago?
#EnforceRussianSanctions @SenMcCain @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Beautiful.
imagine living in a country where worthwhile legislation is passed
While the US is relaxing it’s anti-corruption laws, thanks to #Tяump
Whither our new Russian sanctions?  What is the White House doing?
So by rights this law should apply to many nations. China, Isreal, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh to name a few, but it won't be. It's a BS law
Yeah, unlike you, we’re not about to let Moscow run roughshod over our rights and freedoms.

Ish the US would do the same.
Our Hero
You are my hero.  Plus I’m a Democrat.
Thank you Mr. McCain for all that you do! Watching from #Canada

You voted for budget that cuts $500 billion from Medicare/$1 trillion from Medicaid. I was beginning to think you were a man of character.
This IS great... has @WhiteHouse bothered to answer you about why there are no #RussiaSanctions in place?
WHAT ABOUT THE SANCTIONS
You got anything for Rogue senators #repealandreplace #flipflop
Why was McCain in Syria recently?
Oooh... nice.  Any meetings up there about "adoptions"?   
So, Senator - how are you pitching in to fight corruption in US Gov? Uranium1, eMail Server, Fast&Furious, FBI-IRS, FBI-DOJ-Clinton. #NoShow
Canada does good things. USA should watch and be more Canadian.
God bless you sir! Love from Michigan!

I see you voted against changing Obamacare, that’s a surprise. What happened to your telling people...repeal and replace...just another lie by a RINO.
John resign already!! You have done enough damage to our country. We know you mean well but it's not working out. It never did, from day one
MCCAIN,MOST HATED,VILE,DISINGENUOUS  SENATOR SINCE, WELL,EVER! DONT PERSONALLY KNOW ONE REPUBLICAN THAT HAS OTHER THAN ANGER FOR SONGBIRD.
Mr.Senator!Thank you that you remember our friends of human rights activists and are fighting for the punishment of their Kremlin murderers!
Здоров'я Вам і довгих років життя пан Джон!
У вас ще буде можливість поборотися з кривавим тираном Путіним і перемогти!
Дякуємо!
Can you please look into why the Russian sanctions have not yet been implemented? Pursue anything and everything to the fullest extent
Now we need to press for #russiansanctions to be enacted. Congress passed them, but Trump refuses to follow through.
How about those sanctions that haven't been implemented yet? Where are we at with that?
The Russian attack is/was more serious Senator!  They want to disrupt our government.  They succeeded making Trump our president!!  :-(
Hard to see how this is helping ordinary Canadians…I suspect there are special interests behind this law. They are the ones benefiting…

Maybe you should follow suit and work for the U.S. instead of your hatred
So happy to see you have your Moral Compass back!!  Please keep being the voice of reason in a see of corruption and treason!!
Thank you, @BenCardinforMD, and @Billbrowder for your leadership in making this the law here in the US. It's great to see others adopt it!
as in WWII, will the US and Russia end up in another Cold War, after eliminating #ThePerversionOfIslam?
While your President stomps all over people's rights. He has to go senator!
I am proud of my country!  :-)
different POTUS; a POTUS that respects the rule of law and I follow him, still
legalism? no
lawlessness? no
lawful? yes and all equal!
How great it would be if WE implemented OUR Russian sanctions. 

It's as if @realDonaldTrump is afraid of Putin.
Deadline was 3 WEEKS AGO!
McCain will die soon( thk God)& will be remembered as an anti American traitor
Songbird will sell out his mother 4 money
Canada is a small population in a BIG country..but it has tried to do the right thing....good and bad.
The puppets got the order from the master
The act dear old Trumpster was discussing with the Russians to get rid of!
When is @POTUS going to enact the sanctions passed on a bipartisan basis so long ago?
McCain believes in tax cuts for the rich
Should Dems and Republicans work together on tax reform?
Russian collusion found will resuly in high treason trials. Uranium one scandal finally unearthed what MSM was trying to warn us about. Read
You'll always have our Democratic support north of the border Senator.  We're not only friends, we're neighbors & allies. FVEY support Sir!!
McCain im for strengthening our military, but did you just cut medicare and medicaid fir gop cuts. Kids free lunches and head start?
American Tanks & Hamvees which were used by PMF Khwrasani , AAH & Badr corp  the iranian want to take over the kurdish capital Erbil
https://www.facebook.com/plavski/videos/1486667368075639/ …
Just say no to globalist tyranny!!! Focus on USA and MAGA! Read the US Constitution and the Declaration!
Well done for your efforts.
#Respect
#StopTrump
American Abrams tank used by Iran-backed militia to attack Kurdistan.
You need to explain John!

You care more about Canada then you do about Arizona. Your constituents deserve better than you liar!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Will you allow a budget to pass without procedural debates?
It would be great to see you support our President and our country.

防不胜防吃人特色官官相护医疗谋杀【三甲纳粹全程欺诈屠宰谋杀扫荡切器官，健康妈妈小微体检活活痛苦惨死手术台】死后被推入ICU隔离假治疗……凶手贵州医科大附院贵州政协委员孙发、唐开发等不被处罚反获嘉奖提拔。贵阳法院卫计委卫监局包庇纵容是帮凶同谋保护伞【呐喊，不要再被医骗医害恶医谋杀】
Maybe you should tell us who paid for the Fusin GPS report.
Too bad they are not here instead of you. Maybe they aren't liars like yourself
By now, it must have cost Putin more than the 230 million he stole.
Are you not gonna talk about your vote to cut Medicare Medicaid and education funding? Really?
Thank you :). We're very proud :)
Let’s keep russia our of our government and our real estate...that way trump would bankrupt again.
CANADA
True North.
Strong and free, y'all.
@SenJohnMcCain Look at your flag in #Kirkuk #Kurdistan after attacked by Iranian-backed Military PMU ! where is #US role in #Iraq
Wow, wish we could do that here! Too busy cutting social funds to give tax cuts to rich I guess.
Well thanks to my PM @JustinTrudeau we are, and always will be, home of brave, land of the free!


God bless you John. Canadians won't put up with fake Russian "adoptions".
Imagine being JMc,knowing what U have your lived your life 4 militarily, & knowing what happened in niger, but knowing DT has caused this!
In recent weeks you’ve called for honest debate in Congress. Please do not support the tax plan developed in the dark.
Please help us all, with him we are DONE! HE IS A
@SpeakerRyan @VP @tedcruz if i got money from Japanese or other foreigners, i must try got point-each are satisfy. Japanese have pride-full
@SpeakerRyan @vp Any Japanese give money to me for visit there. i frankly write-lower Yen must prohibit USA companies growth-i agrees.
You of all talking about corruption. You the lifer politician with net worth of $20 million? Big time corrupt.
@VP @SpeakerRyan Stock  reaches high. Where is end of high?it's begins end of @BarackObama 's offduties.He did well his concept.He's concept
@SpeakerRyan @VP Obama give more nuclear facilities to Iran n others prohibit his return. Ask to your voters, accept he's return?
Globalist scheme in progress.
Speaking of "Canada"..John..have you ever considered retiring there..say, perhaps tomorrow.?..Great country..They love mavericks and CNN..
john boy if you want to go after corruption why don't you start with Hillary and the Obama Administration and all their depart's for his 8y
And thank you @SenJohnMcCain  for your leadership (and fortitude)in these troubled times.
Thanks for being a friend to #Canada Sir
Wish we had that. :-(
US does! :) Bill passed by U.S. Congress & signed by Pres Obama in 2012
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnitsky_Act …  #MagnitskyAct #Putin hates it...

Not fake news: Wisconsin's voter ID law kept so many people from voting in 2016, it tipped their election result. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/10/voter-suppression-wisconsin-election-2016/ …
It's not a hard thing to do...unless you have Donald Trump as POTUS. What reasons could he possibly have to not act on this now?  Good Luck
Agreed.. Wish we had same leader instead of a doofus
@SpeakerRyan @vp SKorea PM's region person work deceivers-hoockers-gang in Seoul. Not all, almost.
@SpeakerRyan @vp SKorea PM ordered to Assembly members n workers in National Assebly. For person from his region get your power by me.
Friends except you’re trying to bully us on NAFTA.
Why did you vote in favor of a budget that will make the national deficit skyrocket?
Too bad Trump circumvents the Act.
