@SenJohnMcCain you can negotiate with Syria. Your nuggets of wisdom and experience will automatically do the trick.
#Traitor
#WeDoNotSayHisName
#QAnon
#TheGreatAwakening
If you can believe you’ve been lied to your whole life, is it too far fetched to think you were lied to about ‘nazis’ (NSDAP)? Who passed the first laws against vivisection?
Washingtonpost is aware that you have killed 133 Navy Seals on UsForestal deck and got pardoned by NIXON! TRAITOR & MURDERER!
Free The Tumor- from jonny mac.  G
Prayers for him.
Washington Post IS PAID BY RUSSIANS to spread their propaganda.
Are you colluding with Russia, McCain?
I have one of the highest no show vote records!   RINO.   Non team player
True, McCain will vote no.
Bashar Al Assad is evil from his core, like father like son. His father murdered his people, Bashar is following in his footsteps.
Charlotte, I truly believe that ISIS. DAASH AND AL QUAEDA, Al SHABAB AND OTHERS ARE EVIL. No DOUBT!!!!!
The JOHN #Songbird McCain #legacy.  #LegacyOfATraitor #HanoiTraitor #SorosPuppet #ImpeachMcCain #
http://usasupporttrump.info/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-out-about-what-he-did-to-men-he-was-in-captivity-with/ …
Oh noes! He supported his constituents over trump! Showed caring for people, not contempt! Wants to work together to solve issues!
His Legacy will be Known to All. The Military despises him, America hates Traitors! U obviously dont care how he betrayed his fellowmen!
You want to free a journalist_but fought against the families of our VN POWs for decades! Writing & passing laws to prevent their freedom!
Well get on the phone or take another trip over there & tell your friends to let them go. I mean you sold weapons to them.
Looks like a great start
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain.  Five years is far too long.  #FreeAustinTice
Help Arizona push Robert E Lee day as a national holiday
He hasn't done anything all these years. Why start now?
Why would any intelligent American read the washington post?
RINO john mccain is a liar and hypocrite. You promised to repeal obamacare and you freaking lied to us. You need to leave dishonorably .

McCain's Deathbed Secret Just Came Out About What He Did To Men He Was In Captivity With http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ … via @Freedom_Daily
NOT A PATRIOT - A WAR CRIMINAL & TRAITOR @SenJohnMcCain !! 
MARK HIS TOMBSTONE .......

" SONGBIRD "
https://twitter.com/rwpusa/status/896422489621975040 … @GOP
Vladimir Putin has not had so much fun watching CNN, MSNBC and FOX since election night.
The SENATOR who stabbed us in the back MUST CHANGE HIS VOTE! DO AS YOU PROMISED McCain! Until you do, we don't hear you any more!
Stop being so jealous over Trump, we know you vote against anything to try and be the star not working you just look vengeful and hateful
Remember this,Ur a cheat,liar,RINO,Ur worthless 2 us,U DON'T work 4 people anymore,NOT A SOLDIER,UR A COWARD,CLINTON MAFIA HAS U RUNNING

@POTUS Aren't there still Americans in North Korea? Disgusted Republican here.
Why any one would read anything this guy post is beyond words! He's a me guy and doesn't give a rats ass about the American people. Period
Truly hate you.
Do you expect anyone to listen to the walking tumor? You couldn't stand up for the American people one last time?
He seriously just said we won't take the military option w Venezuela off the table! When will enough be enough?
McTraitor!
#RINO

John McCan't is on a rant. The songbird is quite the turd. He was a POW. Now he's a POS. And just look at this mess. McCan't: Time to retire
Ha budy why don't yoy tell us why they call you the song bird ? Oh thats right we all no why because your a traitor now your doing the same
Don't stand by your country or anything like that ,libtards would welcome the nukeing Guam like i said can't fix stupid
Mccain and thes libtards share one brain and its all come from the globalelist elites , mccain need to be remove

Meanwhile which one is the  "top" and which one the "bottom?" 
Yes he must be freed!!! We have got to stop these Republican wars!
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Please say something about Trump's inflammatory remarks provoking North Korea. You know the horrors of war; for him it's like a game.
Maybe you can ask your ISIS friends to release him
Americans needs some help here. We're anchored to an unhinged corrupt pos, with a @GOP party that does nothing. This is unsustainable.
He wasn't SUPPOSED to beat Obama... THINK!
Well get him out big shot
Please John McCain do something about the president before he kills us all.
But Senator, we haven't passed Repeal & Replace, AMERICAN's & Arizona's first concern. Trivial Dribble right now, Senator Airhead!
What was he doing there? Can't protect stupidity.
... OR do the RIGHT THING, either RETIRE, or formally switch to the DEMOCRAT PARTY that you admire so much.
REPEAL/REPLACE: It is NOT about what YOU WANT, McCAIN, it's about what the MAJORITY OF REPUBS WHO ELECTED YOU WANT, DOLT! Get back 2 work...
the world is awake to your dumb plans, taking orders from the dumb antichrist in hiding. Stop. Pray, Pray!!!
I am embarrassed to have voted for you although the opposition was worse. You are not a patriot. I hope your last moves haunt you.
You never voted for him its a play and we the people see right threw you and are stance are the same trust me
stop your HUBRIS McCain. You lose, we win. No genius can come from lucifer. Pray. GRASP ETERNAL DESTINY.
Many individuals 50k+, free speakers & supporters of the revolution must be freed too. Not just 1 guy.
Why?
Bob Levinson! Don't forget he is there!
Mc Cain is closet Democrat.
Rather read the obituaries
Too bad our State Dept is gutted maybe they could have sought solution.
Go to sleep John!  Your opinion is not required or valid any longer!
EFF him and eff u! Come one Brain Cancer, work your magic!!!
How would you do it john
He would let nk nuke Guam because hes a traitor
Go get him yourself swamp king.
So stupid is McCain, you are not the American Ambassador! 
I want my vote back!
POTUS will take care of it if he needs to be freed. He has the power McCain, you don't. You lost in 2008 remember? Retire and shutup traitor
@SenJohnMcCain when are you & your party going to get him out?  He's going to start a war. The time to speak out against this monster is now
The time to speak out against this monster was early last year  Should have ganged up on him and run him out of the primaries
You tried pixie but he beat the shit out of 17 pansies.
But no word on our justice department threatening to imprison journalists?
Keep him... we have more the send over there
Please take away Potus nuke codes.,
Yes, let's take away 64M s right to their POTUS bc Alex says so. Alex a Soros bot with 2 followers.

Man. If you're a man!! Just shut up and retire. No traitors allowed.
Wow, now what McCain? You drew all your elder lib groupies to ya. Now can't deny you're a stupid lost lib that helped US lose Vietnam WAR!
Must read everything people say about you. Read it.
Or can you figure that out if not ask you kid she may know.
John, can you file the articles of impeachment first and save millions of lives so we can work on this one after?
Dream on. Hag Hillary will be in the slammer soon so stay tuned honey.
Must read how you stabbed us in the back, garbage!
Go over there & get them Moron McCain! Whaaa? Afraid WAPO may be lying & you might get into a war w ASSAD all ALONE?

I just paid my #Obamacare premium.  I really wanted to keep overpaying for a garbage plan. Thanks a lot @SenJohnMcCain. You should resign.
We have more pressing issues right now. @realDonaldTrump is batshit crazy & trying to start WWIII w/nukes 2 distract from #TrumpRussia #25th
SOS SOS SOS, please get that madman out of the WH.  He is not stable enough to handle the issues around the world. SOS
Nor is he stable enough to handle the nuclear football codes
Сенатор, это ведь элементарно: это происки русских по личному указанию Путина!! Разве не так? Ты забыл про русских, Джон!!

YES!!! Set him free!!!
Senator, are we still a nation that supports human rights? Your president and SoC don't think so. Disgrace.
You republicans need to do something about Trumplethinskin now!!!
So says the supporter of WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE !!!
Wow your focus abroad ! What about the sovereign land you call home. Get it together we have plenty of problems here. Focus on America

And you can migrate all the Taiwanese that want to to the US

How are you going to use this story to bring credit and glory to yourself? Get in front of those TV cameras.Destroy our hopes for the future
Shouldn't have been there in the first place! He toke his chances! And why are you reading that fascist liberal rag!

Trade interest in Taiwan to China One China policy anyway .for them to rid the peninsula of nuclear weapons completely and so china sea ils
How about you focus on getting things done in the senate first for americans. If you cant do what americans asked for perhaps its time to go
@realDonaldTrump And #Putin  #RUSSIA
PROPS ASSAD IN #Syria
He Continues The Genocide
@PostOpinions 
C'mon John McCain's tumor......pick up the pace!!
Wash post is fake news and McCain is a liar traitor murderer that killed 134 sailors being a hot shot. Got off cause who is dad was
Says the songbird that should be on Obamacare.
Top fucking lol
