Then republicans need to stand up for all Americans. Not just your base. Don't alienate the rest of the country.
Its a dangerous world! Be thankful u have a President who's doing everything possible to keep us safe/alive!
That's the funniest thing I have read today! Ha! Ty for the laugh. Proof?
Not sure who you voted for this election?...That's IF you voted! If not, then you really shouldn't be complaining at all!
Seriously? Your tweets and so incoherent and plain ignorant. Shouldn't take much thought processing for you to figure it out.
Just wondering who you would have voted for that would have been a better choice, that's all!
I don't want to be nuclear bosom buddies with Russia. Sorry.
Obviously you don't understand diplomacy or U wouldn't have made that comment!
Senator, please request that President Trump release his tax returns. We must know if Russia or China owns him. Thanks!
you're a joke. That's like you me asking Schumer to investigate Pelosi.  Give it up. President Trump=8 years
So your in favor of Putin owning Trump?
ok. Here we go again. Another BS Fake News Trashing of The President. Don't care about your wishful fantasy. Grow up FACTS?
So why is FBI Director Comey meeting with Senator's in Washington?  Why did Trump fire Flynn?
The FBI cleared Trump & company today. Trump doesn't tolerate dishonesty so Flynn had to go. This is for u
Are you with the FBI?  Are you one of the leakers?
No, but I know how to read. Google it. You're wasting your time and everyone else's.
, you are a traitor, trying to undermine the rule of Our Supreme Leader #POTUS WIVH! Step back!! #TrumpPressConference
-Mentally unstable, bubble alert, #brainwashed
, I agree. @SenJohnMcCain seems more mentally unstable by the day. Brainwashed by #libtards. He needs to step out of his bubble!
He's not who you think he is..Ask him about Soros/ Clinton ties!!
He has ties to everyone he's been N Congress 4 decades. He sees danger N 45 & speaking out. ThankGod
Butvwhos money has funded him.Look into past, McCain not who U think he is! #ClearAndPresentDanger
I know you have the courage to stand up & take DJT down. Remember your love for your country & do the right thing.
Do something about it, Senator. Raise a coallition against the foul president.
Subpoena his tax records. You probably don't have the power but there are those who do.
your actions and votes are in support of Trump.
Its time a bipartisan Congress remove Trump, limit presidential powers and ensure the GOP  30 is not terrorizing the country
Sir, pls be the hero we know you are. Your experiences, your life is about service to country. Time to lead & trust your gut.
tired of your hollow rhetoric. DO something about it.
You can talk the talk now show us you can walk the walk #takeaction
FIGHT please.  Get his tax records.
I wish you longevity GOP has too much power & too drunk on it to do right thing. You stand alone in courage. Fight for us.
Then do MORE. Do BETTER. We may be of different parties but we're like minded & we need YOU to help protect America from 45.
POTUS and especially Bannon and Miller, are causing great embarrassment on the global stage. Sane GOP needs to speak up!
I disagree with you sometimes, but I have faith in your conscience.
@SpeakerRyan past time for the investigation grow a pair Paul time to do whats right
DO something.  Don't tweet about it.  Take ACTION Maverick
you are complicit in making these dangerous times by putting party over country. Are you incapable of seeing this disconnect?
QUIT trying to spread your personal agenda. Sen. McCain needs to see who America voted for and whose suffering.
Yea people who call him supreme leader. That is fucking batshit crazy. Dictators not American.
well It's time to send Trump back to the Tower. Impeach him before It's to late. Thank you.
MOST OF THE WORLD IS COUNTING ON YOU.  !! Please
I pray you love Americans as much as you love your pride. Instead of trying to show your DC clout, try to fully support Trump
What's dangerous is a president whose intentions & loyalty are in question is being allowed to make policy w/o investigation!
We'll that's what happened when Obama was in office. He spit on the Senate and put through whatever he wanted
Obama ruined Our Country. Pres. Trump is cleaning up his destruction.  Sen. McCain needs to support President
please stand up and save us from this racist anti Semite
we need to count Trump out...
Are you a Sore loser?
Traitor John McCain. Don't try to pretend you are an American patriot rather than a supporter of the New World Order.
You are the only one I'm counting out. Stay oversees . We don't want you .
.@SenJohnMcCain With all due respect, until you actually DO something, all of this is just word salad. Please be the American hero you are.
Please put your votes where your mouth is. Stop supporting Republican agenda that is in lock-step with this administration.
Sir, if oil and gas create natural disasters in CO, it will greatly affect the water you, ur family, and rest of AZ rely on
Well, when your constituents R mad b/c they have to buy bottled water for showers, just remember we warden you! #EPAPruitt
I know you love our country so PLEASE push for a bipartisan investigation of Russian ties to the Trump administration.
When you dis the President, you dis America, #Shame...
our danger is trump, everyday with him is dangerous
He can't see your tweets because they're locked
why are they locked?
Investigate Trump and Russia or get the hell out of the Senate. DO YOUR JOB
If he doesn't what the hell are you going to do. I love how you trolls think you're so powerful. Snowflake
What are you doing to help America unite? Your country needs you, sir. Don't let us down. #Impeach45
- You can't ignore a whole other set of people and their values then. Rise above and respect the ideas of others & compromise
Your president and Bannon are doing there best to big America down
Sorry that can't happen Obama already took care of bringing Our Country down. President Trump is saving it.
counting on you! You're an American hero, you could be again. #trumprussia #russiagate #takeTRUMPdown
Please be a true leader in the R party and move to remove Trump. He is a clear-and-present danger to the American way
u defend the media who use children in sick propaganda videos u should be kicked out of congress u slimeball!
You are traitor. Podestas emails proved that!. You should step down sir..your jealousy is shining bright.
Gag..TRAITOR
like to count U out!! SONE BIRD TRAITOR TO HIS FELLOW POW MEN!! LOCK HIM UP! TRAITOR! U TALK ABT RUSSIA SPYING U R A TRAITOR
You are a man of honor. Persist. Your vision is essential!
Support Pres Trump , He's POTUS, like it or not!
Your the dangerous one McCain!  Traitor!
Go to a foreign country to criticize US. You sure you're not a Democrat?  #swampguardian
you sir may have been a pow but you should resign for going over seas and spewing your venom against Trump. Just not done.
you should stand by and help our president, instead of bashing him.
: if you can't say anything good about our president, shut up and go back to Arizona
regret that I ever voted 4 u even tho it was because the alternative was worse. U r a traitor to GOP and President Trump!
We need a strong, effective, leader like Sarah Palin!
More of the same ole bluster. You are a perfect example why we need term limits. You & other old timers are holding us back.
The most dangerous thing about these times is TRAITORS like YOU.
says the man who supports locking the border on a nation of immigrants
I mad everything worse settling a score with Pres at a security conference. Makes everyone feel better And raises my profile
you are actively undermining our POTUS! If you disagree with our POTUS just keep it to yourself don't go on main stream media
America under Trump will no longer be counted out the way we were under failure Obama and You McCain. Get out of the way now!
WE'RE STRONGER TOGETHER!!!!
Then why the hell are you counting out MY PRESIDENT? You've gone from American hero to a damn "Traitor to the Republic." pfft
.@SenJohnMcCain, bless you Senator ... the value of a free press is priceless, indeed. #truthmatters #striveforhonesty
Americans are counting you out as a backstabbing pos to our @potus who the Americans made our leader. How dare you!Stay there
AMERICA OUT OF WHAT??????
with trump?
Who do you REALLY work for?
Thank you sir, can you please bring this message to the Senate Floor upon your return? We would EMBRACE a sane GOPer
NOW THAT WE HAVE A GREAT PRESIDENT, WE CAN COUNT ON AMERICA! NOT ON POLITICIANS! PRESIDENT TRUMP TAKES ACTIONS!!! BRAVO!
sorry...you can't have it both ways! You gave Trump the worst cabinet imaginable without any fuss. You enable him!!!!
how about real action instead of headline making interviews You're voting with the nutcase 94% of the time   #alt-maverick
.@SenJohnMcCain You need to speak much more forcefully in opposition to the forces driving the US toward fascism, authoritarianism.
you keep talking tough against Trump but then you vote to approve his cabinet picks..country over party!
Thank you sir for being a true American hero. We need you now more than ever!
CIA plant and war monger - you are unAmerican deep state shill
Totally love you. Thank you 4the work you're doing; your strong sense of bipartisanship catapults you into a whole new light
And what a great job you did raising your son.  That young man is so bright and kind and just a pure joy
how dictators start? mccain is the leak.  selling us out.  mccain needs to be fired!
Why are you speaking so negatively over there about POTUS? #shameful
How could u stand on foreign soil & speak so horribly about our President?I'm disgusted!Please unite-not divide our country!
but you cant wait to stab Trump in the back at every turn like the coward that you are
Need to see you complete statement before I can like. If you would work on these type of words instead of bashing Trump, NICE
U are the voice of sanity. What's wrong with the Republicans? Keep fighting for us. Last hope to save democracy. #resist
Please, for the integrity of our (MY) nation, get Trump and Pence out before it's too late!
these are dangerous times because of american traitors like you. It's time to hang it up. Your a Dem pawn and don't know it
What goes around comes around
He should stay down from all the committies and focus on his state. His state has the worst V.A. hospital..he's off in German
You ppl should worried about mccain doing his job in Arizona not Germany...vets are dying everyday in his state.
Conservatives will have to count you out if you don't start backing our President and the people who elected him.
Mccain the greatest war hero of all time has the worst performing V.A. hospital in the U.S. and he's in Germany
Don't you think you should give Pres. Some time to adjust? America elected a non-politician with positive ideas for country!
I'm sure Obama is proud of you for what you said about Trump in Germany but you've been the job 30 years now, we need u work
Germany doesn't pay you. The vets in Arizona pay your salary. You need to get home and start working on your job...V.A.
Don't worry about us. Trunp and Pence got our backs. We are worried about you doing your job in Arizona not Germany. We pay u
..go back in your senile hole, Songbird.
the Maverick needs to make an appearance soon. DJT is destroying the principles of this country. He is THE TRUE DANGER.
Thanks for smearing the USA, traitor!!!
McCAIN HOW DOES IT FEEL WHEN YOU SELL YOUR SOUL TO THE DEVIL?? HOW MUCH KILLARY AND SOROS PAYING YOU??  YOU ARE PILE OF !!
oh, we are out alright.....all hope is lost.
You're worse then the Dems..
Keep up the good work John!
Who owns you, who are you working for? It sure isn't for the people, small window to get things done and you're blowing it
I hate that you are always saying this admin is in disarray! Get his cabinet in so he can work instead of always defending!
if America is being counted out by anyone is because of the nightmare in the Oval Office #trumpslegacyisyourlegacy #standup
Thank you Senrator McCain
.@SenJohnMcCain looks like you have many leftist friends.
we are needing a hero now! be that hero... #countryoverparty
Why you gonna sell out the entire USA instead of some soldiers like you did in Vietnam war just to save your own ass #TRAITOR
Sarah told me she was embarrassed to have you for a running mate.
voted for you years ago, so disappointed in you. Trump has the courage to do what needs to be done. #fedup
what an embarrassment you are to this great Nation!  Too many messages and no team work
Now that we have President Trump we are in the game and no one can count us out!!!....Again!
YÒU R TRYING 2 do that 2 @POTUS / @realDonaldTrump saying #WH in DISARRAY!In UR DISARRAYED mind u mean!u old&unhinged TRAITOR
Why should US pay 75% and not get 75% benefit? Why do 3% EU budget deficit ceilings win out over 2% GDP NATO contributions?
McCain your just a senator, nobody cares what you have to say.
is a #muderer that's how he is remembered in #Vietnam. One gets the impression as if he was born a muderer.
:John, you and I grew up in a time of the terrifying Civil Defense drills in elementary school.I don't want my grd kids scared
TY for your leadership, now please get Congress to fully investigate the Russian involvement in our election.
Tokyo Rose RINO TRAITOR
Dangerous times because of (R)'s who let this joke of a president go unchecked. Talk is cheap... #investigatetrump
keep going Senator.  Our democracy is at stake.
delete your account.
You need to stop trashing  the President. Act like a Republican instead of acting like a damn Democrat show .respect to Prez
.@SenJohnMcCain, these are excellent words. But words in Munich are not the same as action in America.
thank you, you are a hero in these dark times.
WE THE PPL WILL STAND W/TRUMP, MAKE NO MISTAKE. THE PPL PROTESTING ARE TERRORIST AND PD. WE'RE NOT STUPID.
Thank you for your words, Senator. Please back it up with your votes and actions. #respect #resist
dangerous for you neocons John. Didn't get your ww3 with Russia ... oh poor Johney
You rock!  Awesome speech!
McCain's not the answer, He's lost his way!!
.@SenJohnMcCain Your party is letting this country be taken over by a madman. DO SOMETHING TO STOP IT
Do your job as a conservative and support the @POTUS and put your personal feelings aside.  As a Combat Veteran, I do.
@4free_Ukraine then Senator McCain let us see you make some moves toward impeaching this traitor he is #notourpresident
Then why no dissent from you on DeVos & Pruitt & Tillerson & Sessions? You are complicit when light the fuse.
can we kick Trump out?
ok @GOP don't count us out.
 sincerely, the 99% among whom the majority of your supporters number.
please look into possible #earlystagedementia with our president. Recognize the signs from my father. Needs help and #empathy
for GOD sakes, do something about the idiot in the White House! You got him elected,reel in this SOB before he kills us all!
@AkaMotherto3 please please stop trump. You are our only hope.
then PLEASE stand up to Trump and his agenda. Save the planet for our children!
Then you and your colleagues should do jobs. Investigate the dealings with Russia and get the tax returns. USA before party!
thank you for not turning a blind eye to the perils of the country
are you actually going to try and do something about it? Or continue to just say big words but then fall in line w/ Trump?
Keep up the good work Senator!
the only thing is that the American people can't depend on you!
please don't say one thing and vote the opposite way. You can be what saves the planet. Quit screwing up!!!!
it's only dangerous because the left AND right allowed it to be dangerous. New sheriff in town. #MASA Make America Safe Again
You seem to be the only one counting America out thru bad votes, skipped votes, petty backstabbing & subverting our Prez
So why are you constantly attacking Trump. Traitor to the GOP and a Traitor to this country. That is the way I see it.
you are the embodiment of a big govt. Trump is bringing the power back to the people and royalty like you don't like it
Loves democrats more than republicans
Why don't you retire? You are hurting the Republican Party
America will only be out because of fake rep. Like you help tp make false witness.  You should retire before you hurt America
. Dangerous times because we are being led by a mentally unstable man! Impeach Trumpovsky immediately before it's 2 late!
You say Pres Trump's admin is in disarray after 30 days! You are still in disarray after 30 years! #StopObstructing
Get on Board with Trump you are not the president and your action border on treason/sedition, you would know about that
please set up a Town Hall in Phoenix during the recess
So get off your butt and start serving us instead of yourself!!
Thank you for standing up for America.
The only thing dangerous about these times is Trump & those Republicans who enable him. Why does the @GOP hate America? 
