I trust recovery going well & hope you do not mind correction. ACA was not written on a strict party line basis. It had GOP amendments. 1/2
There were GOP votes coming out of committee. However, your party calculated that it was good politics to deny ACA bipartisan optics. 2/2

Follow you're heart Senator and vote "NO". Politics aside. If you vote for a new bill, make sure that it's a good bill. TKS 4 ur service!
Happy today?  What's different?
Then why didn't he come out as a No vote ??!

HSA a wonderful free market innovation, outstanding option for many individuals to manage their HC costs. Keep freedom to choose!Large HSA.
Thank You @SenJohnMcCain for saying Health care should be made from Reps and Dems. How can all of us represented by then be heard w/o them.
But I bet he votes for it. Typical McCain, "I'll do it but I'm not happy about it".
I think he will do wht us right by us a fact he will be remembered for. This is a extremely imp bill one tht will make the history books
As a hospice nurse if Medicare/Medicaid is slashed many will go without needed services. Out of sight out of mind for politicians though.
Yes yet we pay for their healthcare and other perksAnd they r rich. And I can see how when they spend our money and not theirs!!!  Them / Us
Get well Senator. You are a hero in more ways than one. Improve ACA so all can get treatment for their illnesses.
Arizona never shldve taken Medicaid Expansion, medicaid was 4 emergency care poor, not every cough sneeze, #FullRepealNow
Oh well, let us all suffer if McCain isn't happy.
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket #UnitedForFreedom
You voted to #REPEALOBAMACARE completely, dos again! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
John McCain cycle: 
1. Be indignant about @POTUS.
2. Pretend to be maverick.
3. Vote uniformly with @POTUS' desires.
4.  Repeat
Without the ACA I cannot afford health insurance...as I tried to buy it privately...at 800 dollars a month it was too expensive.
I truly feel you can broker a compromise.
TY GOD FOR YOUR JUDGEMENTS COMING ON THIS EVIL MAN !
Please, Sen. McCain, think about the millions without your USGov't benefits & insurance. Use your voice to stop Ryan and McConnell.
I wish my officials in IN cared as much for us as you care about yours-They rubber stamp anything the party puts out-They don't fight for us
He's not on Obcare is he going on Trumpcare?
Ain't gonna matter now!
Too bad the Vietnamese didn't keep you.  You are unamerican and a traitor, the best weapon for any foreign government.
What's your 2 year plan anything resembling retiring?
Please Sen. McCain, vote NO on the bad revised health care bill. It will do nothing to make Americans' health care better. Thank you!
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/887172147839414272 …
Can't understand why it's unthinkable for bipartisan cooperation in repairing the current ACA bill-isn't that check&balance?#AllAmericans
Senator McCain-we were promised #FullRepeal!! Vote NO!!!
#UnitedForFreedom
Hope you feel better!!! Vote NO to TrumpCare bc American people don't want this bill & call these Republicans gangsters for setting you up.
@SenJohnMcCain How can U vote to reduce HC for ppl when U have full HC that covers your surgery? Guess the GOP only wants HC for the GOP?
Why is @SenJohnMcCain planning to vote for it then?


Please stand w SenCollins, so that a bipartisan bill will be worked on,
&even our neediest can have care.
Ppl I know cannot work wo medicaid
Senator McCain please vote no we need you to stand up for us I'm praying for your recovery get well soon don't let them persuade you
Just vote no, Senator McCain.
This RINO should declare for the Democrats. But his district wan't a Republican so he says he is a conservative which we all know is a lie.
#SinglePayer it's time for America to move forward in the world. We are behind other nations, it shows in health & welfare of our citizens!
Healthcare is important to ALL citizens not just Arizona and Alaska.   @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain don't sell out American People
How do you feel about your rino status? R u a republican in order to thwart the repub platform? I feel for your constituents.
Mr. McCain if you truly care about giving us good healthcare, then give us the same plans you and your cronies negotiated for yourselves.
We're not happy with you
Just vote no on GOP health repeal/replace. Fix ACA. That is what you SHOULD do. For your constituents and the country.
Please, sir. Do not vote for Trumpcare!  Please help us!
Get better so you can get back to Washington and give us billionaires a tax cut. Screw the poor elderly and middle class. They can starve
Medicare for all! HR 686 and negotiate drug prices
I hope that you recover, sure is nice having health care that's good, Huh? #TrumpRussia #TrumpCollusion
Thank you
@ananavarro ..In the end, McCain will vote how he's told. Bought and paid for - hypocrite, liar...
Vote yes!   Obamacare is not affordable for working poor!
@GOP looks stupid thanks to McCain and other Republicans who can't come together
John if you had great healthcare at Mayo don't you think the rest of the US would like the same? Vote No Please!
"not happy with the Senate health bill"? Then vote NO! or do ur wheels-up career landing. @AP_Politics @NBCPolitics @CBSPolitics
How about ALL Americans receiving basic healthcare as a right?
You have good health coverage vote no if you care about Americans who don't
u r In your last 6yrs, you have nothing to lose except ur reputation. Don't sully ur decent reputation by voting yes.
Extraordinary details on how John McCain got dirty dossier from ex-spy http://dailym.ai/2jctJHh  via @MailOnline
I hope this is true, especially given the good care u just got. You must come out against the proposed health plan.  Don't be a sycophant.
He is a Soros puppet
You need to get your old self back to DC and start supporting iur President
I'll bet you were pretty happy to have been covered under Obamacare during your recent health scare!
The Song Bird continues to sing....loser
I hope you are well Sen McCain. Get well, and remember all of us and vote no on the GOP Anti-Health Plan. Thank you and thx for your service
This bill makes it worse.  

Fill the pockets of the insurance companies, so they can provide less.  

That does not make sense.
Please stop saying moral, meaningful things and start voting that way. Otherwise you are the worst of the Republicans, rather than the best

Obama Healthcare. Fix the States that do not have choices in Care or no Care at all. . .
Take Medicaid back to Federal instead of the States, Florida has taken so much away already.
I hope you are recovering well from your surgery. Please, please vote NO on the health care bill. We the people need a better . . .
Maybe each state should have there own health care plan that was mitt Romney's plan
He'll vote how Mitch tells him to. Enjoy your excellent healthcare John, while you vote to destroy mine. 
#Mitch'sBoy
I do have some faith that he can awaken from the Matrix and vote in the genuine interest of the people. Obamacare saves lives!
Why are you voting for it then?
Must read- and yet McCain. You will still be a yes vote.
Vote your conscience, Mr. McCain!  There are so many who will be priced out of care.  Thank you for your service.
Because he continues to say what makes him appear the good guy and votes otherwise
Please, vote NO on BCRA! Protect AZ Children.
I want him to resign...he's old, dirty, and...a DEMOCRAT
Repeal Obummercare
McCain is not happy period! His backstabbing ways speak volumes!
Well since McCain is a traitor who goes against what's best for America I now support the bill.
I think our biggest mistake is letting our country be run by the oldest people here. they are stuck in another time.
You are a war hero. Be a hero and save us from this disastrous healthcare bill. Thank you.
He wants to stir up shit and toot his own horn while leaking to the press
I am a Mod Dem. I am proud to call U my fellow American. Others on your side of the aisle not so much .
JUST REPEAL the disaster and get GOV'T the hell OUT of our healthcare, PERIOD! Get PPL back to work and OFF MEDICAID! YOUR ALL LIARS!

Best wishes for a speedy and complete recovery Senator John McCain ( and a NO vote on the ACA repeal.) #SundayMorning #sundaythoughts 
B4 Obamacare MN was 1 of most efficient & cost-effective Medicaid programs in US. Ocare introduced mediocrity. U Support race to mediocrity?
Repeal Obamacare as you promised the people. Get Susan Collins, Lindsey, Murkowski and all the rest and stop the whining. Do something. Pls.
You know, and we know #Kochtopus directs #GreedOverPeople.  GOP #Libertarians in #GOPClothing. Heard them espousing SS give-back. #Yourparty
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @rushlimbaugh @seanhannity @LouDobbs The VC released McCain w/ 1 cond.: To screw America from within. Scum
Think about how every American can have the same great care that u receive.  Please don't cut Medicaid . Nurse and military wife asking plz!
Is this why he himself isn't feeling well?
Time to retire John. You have been in Washington too long.
Please do not vote for it!!! Please consider voting no. Be a maverick
Of course he’s upset! Never cared about the VA Center in AZ before NOW! Planned surgery allows him to miss out on HealthCare Bill vote!

1. Trumpcare's on a knife's edge. To stop it, MASSIVE PROTEST NEEDED. Mon 2pm. RSVP, RT, share on FB, invite friends http://bit.ly/FightTrumpCare  
GOOD kill this avaricious bill, without health there is no, life liberty pursuit of happiness, healthcare a basic human right #MEDICARE4ALL
His wallet is telling him to vote YES and he will
I am disappointed inMr. McCain. I have always admired you for your service to our country. POW ADMIRABLE, betrayal of voters SHAMEFUL.#Stand
Please stop being "not happy" and vote no!!
John the TRAITOR impeach him!!!!
Good stay home so GOP can't make healthcare worse.
But you'll still vote yes rather than taking a stand.
Please don't vote for this plan.
Looks like a lot of Liberal liars want you to keep Obamacare. No doubt you will cave.
Are you wanting a cut of the pork so that you can get elected? Time to vanish before your reputation dies too.
Reject this bill and do it right not fast.  These are our lives you have in your control.  Can you imagine what that's like
Sir,you can't with any conscience vote 4 the Death Bill.It is a Killer of tenth of thousands. You don't want to be complicit in murder,do U.
Please vote no
Stop new admenments Kill OB Care Send it to President let him hand it back to each state to handle own HC with perimeters by Fed NOSocialsis
I'm sure @SenJohnMcCain will vote FOR the healthcare bill, he always puts party first. You'll see.
No public hearings.
No debate. 
No bipartisanship.

And the GOP wants to vote next week on health care? Shameful.
Stop pretending a tax cut for the rich is #healthcare . Get more docs to rural AZ. Drug competition. Kick for-profit insurers OUT.  NO #BCRA
https://www.usnews.com/opinion/economic-intelligence/articles/2017-06-23/senate-obamacare-repeal-plan-ignores-market-failure-of-us-health-care?google_editors_picks=true …
Please don't vote for the new House Bill on health care.  I trust you to do the right thing.  I highly respect you.
Are you going to stand with us or against us? If you vote for this bill you should immediately resign as you will have betrayed our citizens
For God's sake don't vote for a bill that will literally kill us. Just don't talk, take action. VOTE NO
Trump just wants to campaign To his base ! Adulation. Golf and walk around meeting leaders. Big shot
This is a realty showListen to how other world leaders speak. LiteratesThen DT whose sentences r disjointed makes no sense 
Valley girlish !
This is very frustrating for Americans. Hard to pursue happiness with so much gloom over our heads. Wht is happening to our country  john?
He will hear our pleas. I would bet $ on it. I believe in him 100 percent.
He's our only hope!!!!!
Then come out publicly and STRONGLY against it!!!  People and country BEFORE political party Senator Mccain!! Be a patriot! #IblametheGOP
Please say no. We need you!!!  We know you will stand for us! One of the only ethical reps out there who does the right thing. Non part
You are so out of touch with the average American, John!

Please vote no on this bill that helps Trump's rich friends and takes health care away from millions of hard working Americans.
So your not happy but I dont see you saying you will not vote for it. Come on show some balls and do it and stop blowing smoke up our ass.
So you aren't happy w/ it. Are you still going to vote for it? History says yes. Helping to blow up insurance markets wld be terrible legacy
Senator, why can't you be more like @SenatorCollins who has actually taken a stand?  Stop waffling and putting party over country!
No he's putting democrat party over GOP. Why else are his constituents all left-leaners? Time to take care of the real tax payers! Drain DNC

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
What is your REAL position? Your office won't say, so is it yes or no?  We AZ constituents deserve to know where you stand. @Arizona_Strong
Is John MCCain ever happy with anything?
Please vote no on this disastrous ,kill bill
But as usual, he'll fall in line anyway. #NotFinishingWell
He wants to be able to kill people, that's what his whole existence is about!
Let me ask you something. Have u EVER displayed any leadership while in GOP past 30 yrs or always been just a critic? U solve no problems.0
PLEASE vote NO on this deathbill. You know it's morally wrong.  You Also know that DT is there by cheating/collusion & treason. Protect USA
He wants Dems to write the new healthcare bill. Like we all didn't know McCain?
We count on you to do the right thing. Please don't put party before country like so many others. Protect us. Vote no on this horrible bill.
It's a disaster! Congress exempt! If its good enough 4 us its good enough 4 u #VoteNoBCRA #bettercare Time to be a man of integrity! #stepup
Senator please help save 23 MILLION Americans by voting NO.
The Senate Healthcare bill is nothing but a tax cut for america'a super-rich and a death sentence for all other Americans sick old and poor.
I kindly request your word - your promise that no matter what happens this week or next week, you will NOT SUPPORT THIS BILL
We all grow old, Sir.We all get sick. & we will all die eventually. Why make the Americans who already suffer the most go through this hell?
Senator, please. VOTE NO. do NOT allow this to go fora vote. This will NOT help the people of Arizona. This is HURT ALL AMERICANS.
Sir, my husband will die if he loses his coverage.Our family has already suffered enough. I implore you to protect Americans from this hell.
Senator McCain, I'm reaching out to you in a last ditch effort to acquire your promise & guarantee that you will NOT support the senate bill
care? vote NO.
@SenJohnMcCain please vote NO! I've emailed and called your office, telling you my family's story! #peoplebeforeparty
Your hypocrisy has no limits senator. Medicaid is not supposed to be welfare. That's what it's turned into. Thank Obama for that
Please vote NO on the Trump healthcare bill.
Please vote No!!!!
thanks for addressing what the GOP drives to not provide adequate health care for seniors.
Let's see you be a real maverick & vote no. Be a hero one more time.
good! As a constituent I hope/ask...that you not vote for this bill.
@JeffFlake Nobody has forgotten Congress exempted itself from this terrible bill
country over party
PLEASE  DO NOT VOTE YES.DONT HURT US.DONT TAKE  FROM POOR GIVE TO RICH. HELP US
The bill is ROTTEN. Fix Obamacare with bilateral effort. Stop trying to repeal!

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Insurance co treat fewer people for more $$; more people go untreated; cut Medicare to fund tax breaks for the wealthiest. Shameful bill.
Work with all colleagues to make health care work & benefit all Americans!! Vote no on current bill!! Stand up
Please vote NO, sir. #ACA saved my life. This bill would not have done so without a bankruptcy filing. Thank you for your consideration.
Please, Senator. Imagine if you had cerebral palsy and not war injuries, and couldn't get care. Vote no on Trump-Care. #SavetheACA
Please vote no on this bill. Protect us, your constituents. Healthcare should be a right, not something only for the wealthy.
How about creating JOBS so you don't need Medicaid in the NATION, SENATOR ?
