There is ONE POTUS, and it's not you.
thank you #patriot
buddy you have voted most of your soul away by being lock step with Trump. I'd hope you'd use what's left to save our country
MAGA !
long con!
Good. More @GOP needs to start demonstrating real leadership & country over party in strongly condemning Russia's meddling in our democracy.
They have been, which is why this crazy "investigation "with no evidence hasn't been stopped yet. @GOP is pandering to dems still.
There's no controversy over whether Russia meddled in our election. The ongoing investigation is about collusion. @GOP pandering to Trumpers
I will tell you we don't see it that way so it is not working if that's what they are doing.
You don't see that Russia waged a campaign to influence the American election in favor of the guy who wanted to weaken NATO & the EU?
They may have waged a campaign but believe it was more to divide us. Put yourself in @POTUS shoes
Division sure, but clearly favored one candidate (as intel also assessed). @potus enjoyed the benefits, might've stupidly colluded too.
Again, it seems ones filter on the situation causes dif interpretation of the facts. I'm just saying no evidence of collusion has been given
Don't let the Pres and cronies weaken sanctions
TRUMP NEEDS $ FROM RUSSIA 4 HIS BUSINESS AND TRUMP ORGANIZATION OWES RUSSIA $

THAT'S WHY FLYNN KUSHNER BACK CHANNEL TALK RE SANCTIONS LOANS
So, your wife got the job & you can retire now! Good riddance to someone who lost their balls to trump!
Stop the witch hunt. Support a resolution to putting a stop to the witch hunter.
Didn't you vote in favor of sending $100 billion in weapons to Saudi Arabia?  The same country that funded 9-11.
After the blanket oppression of Harris while she was speaking means you can no longer be trust it.
Lol too blind to see oh well
Lol you think calling people names make you smart it doesn't stay is dumbest Trump
Thanks Senator. The attack on our country can't be forgotten and must be punished.
Well Trumps  making calls to ease the sanctions
And where does it stop. Some of us are smart enough to know we play in the Russian elections too.
Come out of the closet as a leftist already!
Uh huh. Let's see how you VOTE.
vote no on trumpcare. Fix not repeal.
You can no longer
Shut your lips traitor!
We need to know exactly which congressmen are trying to water it down. Shout their names please.
Hey, Mr. McCain, please stop trying to incite war with Russia. They are already sanctioned for election issues. Why are more needed?
Stronger the better.
Deterrence does not happen from a slap on the hand.
Russia, Russia, Iran,Iran,sanction, sanctions, Syria, Syria,While people are getting kill in middle of street in Washington & San Francisco
Look at all the praise you're getting from Democrats!! I'm throwing a party the day you're thrown out of office. You are a traitor.
Congrats to Cindy McCain on her ambassador position
F**k u senator
Go a way McCain for god sake you miserablehuman being
Russia Russia Russia.....
Hopefully you got enough sleep last night, would hate a repeat of your Comey questioning.
Stay strong Sir
how ridiculous you are! I hope you will fire soon by us the people. You are a hateful old man, a liar, an angry spirit!
Retire McCain with your record in tact.
Stand firm!
Let's try not to interrupt any of the ladies there. Okay?
Keep the pressure on Senator!
Your senility is stunting growth of a potential relationship with Russia-that can ease threats of world war III. YOU may want to retire. 
Thank you, Senator! Stand your ground!
Please stop this insanity-we know Russia meddled with our election but we get rid of sanctions? That smells funny. No trust in our WH.
Great, but you'll most likely vote for the amendment at the end of the day
When are you going to change parties?  RINO
try to stay awake
How about getting Congress to focus on real issues and stop with the Trump crap.  Republicans are fed up even more now with Congr behavior
We need to always hold Russia at a firm arms-length.  They want to expand their sphere of influence, and they are not trustworthy.
Sen McCain do somethin, show ur disgust
Why does admin want 2 weaken? Our IC & even Mattis think Russia is a "no fail" top 5 threat 2 US! #Trumprussia
@SenJohnMcCain give it up America has lost faith in u and your two faced positions. You have failed this country.
Thank you Senator
We need to codify the sanctions so they cannot be reversed by executive order
Please you don't no what hell your talking about thank god  for POTUS YOU SEE THAT POOR YOUNG MAN HE GOT RELEASED
