your late to the party again
You should do your job by supporting president not try to be president. You had your shot at that and failed.  You will be remembered as NO

More troops? Still not winning after all these years! Don't worry #45 will handle it!!!!!
Like @SenJohnMcCain wrote"his" Afghan plan; a think tank supported by the military industial complex. AND OF COURSE
We need to get the hell out of that place. Not more troops.
Afghanistan?! Wasnt that invasions ago?
He should have focused completed one before moving to another.
Too much mongulvikingism on his plate
Wait, no plan on Health Care Repeal and Replace. WOW, Dude your done! Get someone else in there that's a team player. IT SURE HELL AINT YOU!
what about stepping up and reigning in @potus who is openly threatening nuclear war with N Korea. Impeach him now!!
https://youtu.be/l9QAoefWQJI   John, give it up, you've done enough damage to the USA and former soldiers


Donald Trump calls the shots not you
War monger McCain is apparently so senile he doesn't realize he isn't President.  Retire and go away the world has had enough of you.
John McCandyCain is on the losing corp Snapchat. Stock is falling like lead.
No thanks Senator.
Republican traitor, just go away however possible! Seriously man, who made you President ah nobody! Old, tired, rino republican traitor! Bye
I appreciate the need for a strategy reevaluation but "open ended" is not what I want from one.
Sir, that's not the END GAME ! It's an Forever never ENDING UNDECLARED WAR!
Idiot
Mr. McCain you and I both KNOW the @realDonaldTrump is going to start bullying U about ACA. Stand Strong Americans DO HAVE your BACK! TY SIR
McCain is doing nothing to help the American people if anything he is a traitor to the American people he needs to go home and retire!
True hero? He survived Hanoi Hilton, so did others who have not used that event to ingratiate themselves as McCain has done he did save ACA
No! What good does it due us
Walk away.
https://youtu.be/l9QAoefWQJI 
@realDonaldTrump @ConservatAZ @mitchellvii @infowars 
The Big Picture on John McCandyl Cain 
https://youtu.be/l9QAoefWQJI 
Please resign.  REPEAL OBAMACARE
can't believe I supported you for president
No no no. No more troops McCain. Retire now!!
What makes you believe that an appointed replacement will be favorable to your expectations?
One thing is for sure. Senile, brain-damaged McCain is nothing but a speed bump to progress. He is NO hero.  #RECALLMCCAIN
There's a surprise.  Perpetual war.  Hurry up and retire.
Sinebody needs to give this guy a mental test...
This guy wants to act like he is the President,  run for it and win or shut up McCain you are a Never Trumper
McCain nows nothing of war strategies wait he may have a war game on his senate office computer
RETIRE!!! You don't have the ability to cognitive thought any longer!
We're no longer in national building business, Senator, and sorry, your no longer relevant
Why? Sir, why do we need more? Arent you concerned with Mission Creep?
Instead...how about you all in congress stop sleeping and start the impeachment process on trump. We are all going to die bc of him!
Can you take steps to neutralize the idiocy that is coming from the White House and @POTUS - @realDonaldTrump with regard to North Korea?
And, THANK YOU  for your decades of service to the American people
Don't worry John retirement is right around the bend when you are voted out in 2018 for the healthcare stunt you pulled. God bless you,enjoy
You have no promotional photos? We know about your condition. Enough already. 16 years and no plan. Why now?
You want to throw precious American lives to save that corrupt leadership, whose hands are tainted with blood of their own countrymen
No! Get us the hell out of there!
No surprise here #mccainloveswar #mccainloveskilling
Leave the Afghanistan Plan to the President and his Cabinet. You can't do the job you were elected to do.
Total stupidity!! You would rather see us get nuked by NOK than protect ourselves!! You are sooo JEALOUS that Trump got in.
Can Trump get us into a war with out Congress?
He must hv some reasons. Let him make his case.
McCains isn't a General 
Isn't working at the Pentagon 
isn't working for the DOD
He's just a WarMonger looking at the wrong country now
Time for you to retire. U now think you can go it alone and your voice is bigger than your party. Such arrogance now!
But you haven't seen enough of our soldiers die yet
Senator, what have we accomplished in Afghanistan? What will we accomplish? Didn't this same action by Russia prove to be fruitless?
McCain never ending wars The military industrial complex gives him a ton of campaign $
This idiot needs help
If this #dimtard hack is for it, it has to be wrong. #TotalWithdrawal
.NO! no more of our troops sent to Afghanistan to die! enuff is enuff!
Tumor....
Have you consulted the President of the United States of America or do you think you run the country all by yourself Please resign
John, don't go away mad, just go away. You're a traitor to the American people. #RINO
McCain needs to leave the business of strategies for Afghanistan to General James Mattis. John McCain is a contrarian. Stop !
No
War monger. The sooner he retires the better the country will be. He has been there for 32 yrs & spouts the same garbage. What has he done?
John it’s better to be thought a fool than open your mouth and remove all doubt. Support our President support the GOP or Shut up. Retire!
McCain, your not the POTUS, your not important.... your the man ensuring a long slow painful failure of Obama care... please retire
The troops win battles but local politics then lose the gained ground. Y'all need to restrategize.
Where was your follow-through when it came to delivering your promise to repeal and replace Obamacare?
Why would you tweet this?  It actually makes you look really incompetent.
If you had a plan why didn't you share it with Obama
Possibly the dumbest idea
Regardless of my opinion of your plan- an open discussion/debate of this matter better serves the American people best. Consensus building.

Mr McCain Now you want something, even though I agree.
You're whole party wanted something, You ceremoniously gave a big thumbs down! REALLY
No thanks. Pull our troops and fix our health care system
mccain will lead to the loss of lives
More input from democratic party spokesman john McCain don't forget to go ask your. Daddy chuck shummer what to say next
You've seriously lost your mind
If I recall you have been around for a loooooong time.  Just now getting around to it since you don't like President Trump?
You need to listen to President Trump who isn't s fake war hero. Remember the USS FORRESTAL
If you have guts (which you dont) you will admit that you are a democrat under a republican cover. But you are too yellow to admit.
Pick up your weapon and go there and fight if you're so brave...but you've got another one to fight...the losing one
War Monger and not Trustworthy get some rest

Time for McCain to retire
You RT to brag about wanting to commit more troops and prolong your pocket lining? You are truly a despicable being.
@bkesling . Get out of Nation building - bad gov destroy themselves Venezuela USSR Cuba NK MOVE ON ! Get out now .
Serious Q Why are we even still there? I appreciate Senator's perspective but nobody has ever "won" there, way back to Alexander the Great
He is a idiotand not trust worthy of taking any of his comments seriously
Let the President do his job. Stop telling the enemy what we are doing, TRAITOR!! Sending the enemy messages! 
You assume that there is one enemy.  Your assumption is incorrect.  Use of military requires a consensus of the Congress.  By Constitution.
You're incorrect! It is not a senators job to make military decisions, especially not a traitor like McCain!
You confuse Roman Imperator with US constitutional democracy.  War lords, feudal hierarchy, & other forms of military tyrannies are history.
Let's push for an even 20 years!!!
Coming from someone that was captured
Says the songbird that should be on Obamacare.
What is your mission there and how do we know if you've accomplished it?!
Permanent military forward basing w/unilateral auth. was strategy by Dulles bros.  Measures back then were simple- 'our' way or no way.
He voted 4 Dem bills 32% of time, to keep Obamacare, hardly ever votes. voted 4 nafta & Obama bills. He loves the media camera. Showboater
"Open-ended mission" kind of suggests how hopeless this is.
Just quit http://now.You  served your purpose. Nobody needs to die for your blood lust masquerading as patriotism.
open ended mission equals NO PLAN, NO STRATEGY. Establishment Johnny got us again! Be glad you were not on the Forrestal he destroyed in '67
Great start. Last 2 sentences work against the good points you started with.
Loves nstion building snd risking American lives for people who want no help
Where is your healthcare plan Senator? We are waiting!!
Why do you continue to think Afghanistan is winnable? It's obviously not. We don't need anymore needless death. Why do you love war so much?
Yep. This is the ONLY thing I agree w/ Trump on. We will NEVER win in Afghanistan. No one ever has - no one ever will. It's a $$$$ quagmire
Why can't anyone can define a "win" for Afghanistan? B/c this is a regional conflict which this Nation being just a point of convergence.
Sr where is the Tax Reform Plan?????
I thought he died already.
We elected Donald Trump to make decisions on war.   We did not elect you.    Just retire
Read 1st.  Article I, Section 8, Clause 11- its Congress. AUMF Pub. L. 107-40 & WPA 50 U.S.C. 1541–1548
Dumb plan, Songbird
Good job MCCain send more to get killed for your foolish selfish ambitions
See folks he doesn't know shit! He's been calling for a way out and he suggests send in more troops with no  exit date!
The #Milspouse in me is sighing a defeated "please, no.". It must come to an end, quickly.
Architect of failed policy is McCain. Just imagine we wage never ending war because of people like McCain.
Sure McCain your backing killing 1000s more of our guys and extending a 16 year war was that a McMaster Plan he gave you. Get a mental exam
Repeal Obamacare. Give tax cuts
No. We got OBL. Declare victory. Get out.
If either #LittleKim or @realDonaldTrump aka #LiarInChief starts WW3 first we don't have to worry about Afghanistan anymore 
War forever. Put it in Latin slap it on Seal of US.
We want you gone...not your plans. We don't want liar traitors in our govt
McCain retire and shut the hell up!!
Gotta love the @AZGOP @gop - always full of horrible ideas. #nomorewar #Afghanistan #MIC
You need to go there and STAY TRAITOR
War monger. Bring our troops home. 17 years is too long for war. We pulled out of Vietnam we can pull out of ME. #NoMoreWar
Hey WarMonger. Stop the nation building.
With all do respect, Sir, Afghan should be put on the back burner until we solve this issue with NK and Russia. Still, feel better, sir.
Send your own family, grandson and granddaughters there. We need to leave that play ASAP.
like his 'plan' matters.  He does not represent the military any more than Jesse Jackson represents blacks.  Just more attention-seeking.
I'll look the #resistance likes John McCain that says it all doesn't it?

More troops more troops is that all you could come-up with send your family over there
@bkesling omg @realDonaldTrump please get our troops out of Afghanistan 16 yrs is enough. Or just send McCaster there
Go home John, you're drunk!
WTF...are you bonkers...guit the nation building.
Nothing he says should be taken seriously. Not his fault.
Yeah, because extra 5-10K troops will do the trick.

ARREST T NEOCON TRAITORS TO USA ASAP.HOME GROWN FINANCIAL TERRORISTS RULE & LOOT 99% & USA. FRAUD CONGRESS/SENATE
This war is going to be going on for the next 100 years
