Survivor benefit awarded post 9/11 by Congress. will not receive it because Congress has an offset if killed in duty
first time in a long time you have a potus that will fight for all the military funding necessary yet you constantly undermine him not smart
CR not only impacts the Services as a whole, but is a stressful distraction on the workforce as they begin to worry about job security.
If FEMA runs out of funding for this tragic hurricane season can we transfer that funding gap out of the proposed military spending budget

my tiny Suffield rallied to Dustin's family 30 min ago. XACTLY what they SHOULD do. Time 4 T-Berry&Congress 2 do their JOBS! @johnrutledge
This is the face of Porky  self serving lobbyist receipts
Philippians 4:13
I can do all #things through #Christ who #strengthens me.
Christ must b so sick of the weak sucking co-dependence
Congress is nto even doing anything. Try getting something done first. 7 yrs of talk-talk-talk. everything ur way and NOTHING!!!! Sad ending
Mccain' Fuck Americans take their cash to aid rich corporations get richer' Putin: Free land for Americans :
HI , MR JOHN MCCAIN , GOD BLESS YOU BACK TO HEALTH AND HELPED THE AMERICANS PEOPLE .
Sorry Kitty. McStain hasn't helped anyone except himself, Soros and the democrap party
Whose fault is that? The same guy who gave us Obamacare, which you saved
Aren't you supposed to be on vacation or something?
Senator just vote NO your good at that. Still happy that your comrades made a deal with Trump?
These decisions are not a game..what we do re: equipping our military is serious..So is how we tax ourselves..Right now rich are pigging out


Suffield for McCain Sailor Dustin Doyon http://wtnh.com/2017/09/08/suffields-lost-son-comes-home/ …  @johnrutledge
Every time your RT an article from the discredited and evil WaPo it just reproves that you're a full fledged Swamp member.  Sad.
U allowed Obama to do it. U r a traitor
One day,your military hardware will be scrap metal rotting in yards....
One of your biggest lobbyist. Right?
The Surviving Spouses are in for a shock when they are denied their Survivor benefit. Awarded in 2001 knowing it's offset.
asking as air force vet, lives on come first and these funds for hurricane relief would better serve the large vet communities in FL and TX
I hope Putin and his tyrant regime will be held accountable for what they've done around the world.
We have a need for our military! We need to assist other nations that are unprepared  to deal with invasions by tyrant regimes.
We should help the Persian people reclaim their homeland.

Its borrowed money to begin with. Putin is doing to USA what Reagan did to Brezhnev, Ustinov, and Gromyko. Bankrupting us w/too many fronts.
Congress needs to pass a law that prohibits linkage in bills like this..it is BS...proposals need to stand or fall on their own...cynical BS

Just Like McCain the ship is sinking...it's old worthless and unreliable..
This came from the post. How could you believe anything that they say ?
Then tell Congress to do their damn job. That includes you, McStain
Yes All talk no action!
Respectfully, US military budget is already out of control.  Almost three times larger than any other & depriving citizens of essentials.
As Chairman, have you been asleep at doing your DUTY, Senator?Your dully noted BOONDOGGLES around the WORLD are confirmations of dereliction
The same dereliction of DUTY you showed back in 10/67 when you abandoned your mission and flew over HANOI against ORDERS. SAD SWAMP RAT....
John McCain is controlled by lobbyists. He doesn't care one little bit about Americans. He works for the Military Industrial complex
You are in the majority in Congress. You fight your POTUS, you fight your base and you run your big mouth. You need to go away. Reire
America is the world's largest terrorist state.
From your tweets is appears you spend most of your time reading. Stop the Never Trump attitude and start working FOR the people. ACT
Traitor john, have you and hillary been hanging with stinky b.o. again.
Crazy
Bullshit, that money won't help the troops it will line the pockets of war contractors.  And the WHOLE budget is being held hostage.
No more money for useless wars that no one wants.
Ok we'll just let them invade us and make you a slave.

Congress keeps holding the American people hostage! You included!
You keep voting for the spending authorizations, so blame yourself before everyone else.
Get rid of pork spending and help drop the natl debt then we can balance budget and rebuild. Real families can't overspend like govt does.
REALLY? Taking credit? Hey dummy, there's a report your brain is n/b on I-95. Just in case you're beginning to miss it. RETIRE Brutus
Yeah, about that funding...Pentagon complete an audit - ever? One that didn't show "misplacing" billions? All for support, w/transparency.
RINOS are the issue and all of you will not have a second of peace come primaries. You failed America
Do something instead of being a worthless prick
We need to Cut Funding on out of Control Military we do Not reward leaders like @GenRobertNeller when there troops are out of control
Where's the $6.5 TRILLION missing dollars from the Pentagon they've already been given?  FIND THAT MONEY FIRST.
This is totally unacceptable, John, and every effort should be made to restore regular order and work closely with allies.
So once again Congress is a failure...
#TrumpCare-failure after 7 years
Vet CARE NOW-failure
Funding government-failure w/short term fixes
Washington Post is fake news.
John are you getting money from Washington Post to force their fake news on us
I guess someone of McCain's staff has taken over his twitter account.
Well isn't that your job! Your not President your a senator! Stop playing footsy with DEMs and do your job!

Hell yeah they do because your President was ordered to reduce the United States Military
Well how about a work shut down by the Armed Forces . That might get their attention !
That sounds like the same as you holding the American people hostage with your vote to repeal Obamacare. Hero no more
You're holding Americans hostage with this corrupt admin. Trying to undermine Mueller at every turn. The @GOP Kings
Shouldn't you be working instead of writing all these drivel articles.
Is there room for contentment in the heart of an establishment Republican over the next 7+ years? I hope so, for y'all sake.
Go away~
You've been there 30 years. Ineffective. Retire.
AZ constituents have suffered in their own version of Hanoi Hilton due to #BitterMccain
my brother is in charge of my last will and testament (Younger bro; not Older, don't mess that up please)
And you personally held us all hostage with Obamacare
