Thank you for putting country over party Sir
I don't always agree with you, but I truly respect your integrity in standing up against the Russian evil junta.
Senator, how can you not be more outspoken in demanding that Trump release his tax returns with what we learned about Flynn today?
So happy he's back in the USA! We need you to be brave again like @vkaramurza You're a hero too @SenJohnMcCain Plz investigate #trumpPUTIN
John have always had respect for what u  went through for this country but if you don't step up and do something now it will be treasonist
No more Executive Orders, No more budget ideas, No more weekend vacations, No more Funding his kids business trips, no more paying for NY
FACTS REMAIN: You and @LindseyGrahamSC still support Trump and cohorts. Prove you're not #oneofthem. No immunity for #traitors
Have we? Are we supporting Assad? On the ground/in air? Real question, pls answer.
Jeez! How did I miss that. Do you have any articles on it? I must have skipped right over it. I no military intell is very upset w/ changes.
Senator @SenJohnMcCain ,one thing you always maintained through your outstanding career is integrity. Very hard to come!?We are proud of you
To come by !!
His stooge is in our WH @SenJohnMcCain and yet you continue to play to his charade
Hey look, the 2 wacko birds stoking the flames for war w/Russia. It's really all they care about.
News Flash , You lost McCain what are U trying to prove, you &Graham should retire
He is valued senator seen as a mili hero, Part of the GOP who can help, he hasn't yet but he is speaking out. We need both sides 2 do this.
Are Graham & McCain the only two sane people on the right side of the Senate?
I respect u, please help us impeach 45th,he Cray, will start war as deflection
Remember that time you hired Davis manafort to help you win and they tried to get you to be pro putin? ARE YOU PRO KREMLIN?
nobody cares about the Russia bogeyman anymore. Your only agenda is war with Russia. Stop being a democrat. Certainly wont be voting for you
If the two of you just join forces and get one more Senator from the GOP to see reason, we won't have a nuclear debacle over the SCOTUS nom.
just want to state the facts 9 agencies of USA approved the uranium.not as FOX news claims. That is fake news SAD
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain and Sen. Graham for being patriots, defending the constitution, protecting free mrkts from Putin & Koch bros
Putin threatens your free market?  Not local monopoly capitalism (e.g., Comcast or Time Warner) but Pooootin?
Thank you for your service and for standing against #Trumprussia
Yes until he votes for Gorsuch. Then what, he's a fascist, racist, xenophobic wacko? SO INCREDIBLY FRAUDULENT.
What is the unlawful gain? Are you paying? I'm still waiting for Soros to put out.
I  war w/ Russia- they have us surrounded. If u were Hilll's VP, y'all would've WON!
When was the last time this corrupt old poster boy for term limits been right on ANYTHING?
Oh that's too bad but why are your guys trying to poison @RogerJStoneJr ?
Now don't just give it lip service, sir.
At least spike the attempt to populate the court with the #fascist nominee of a #traitor. That can't be undone.
Thank you for having the courage to stand up and protect our country!
#WeThePeople Demand #StopGorsuch #NoGorsuch or ANY1 by @realDonaldTrump while under FBI #TrumpRussia Investigation!
They need to wake up and stop Trump. All Prez powers must cease IMMEDIATELY (EO's &Appt's) until after investigation. #45isillegitimate
Thanks for everything that you do to protect us and our Country - unlike @realDonaldTrump you are a true military hero - he is a failure.
The Russians have attacked the USA. Many have fallen in this decades long war and trillions spent. Country first. Keep on please.
Did you welcome Putin foe ROGER STONE?He was poisoned with polonium and survived. The Deep State or Russian attack?
McCain's own boys, obviously! McCain (+ Lindsay Gayræyuhm) represents the darkest side of our govt on TV
Putin money laundering through Russian associates and shell companies purchasing Trump properties for over market price is an obvious trail
this is a GOP political strategy I can support. Undermine the reigning oligarch with appropriate opposition.
Sir, you're saying all the right things, now please do all the right things. Don't adhere to the strict party line crappola that got us here
Any congressmen who supports @POTUS knowing he has ties with Russia should automatically lose their seat. 
Thank you for putting country 1st
USA + Russia FOR THE WIN against EU + Turkey + Saudi Arabia.
meanwhile 45 and Rex are cozying up to Putin, after they attacked our election... #impeach for refusal to protect us???
Thank you, Senator McCain!
Mr. McCain Do you know that you are NOT POTUS?  Or are you just going senile? Start SUPPORTING your party for a change.
Go Senator McCain!  Get the facts out there!
Are you sure he is a foe of Putin or are you being duped. You know how sneaky those Russian are. We are suppose to trust you two ?
Never miss an opportunity 2 get in front of the camera 4 a Trump bash. I hope @USAGSessions goes after the Traitor.
On helping sex trafficking Victims? You sir are a  and you will go!
Why is your foundation having a meeting about the man running against Putin? So you are for globalization? Why has your foundation paid none
Putin is NOT the enemy! Why has your foundation taken big  from Saudi Arabia, The Rothchilds and Soros? Why  did Hillary give our uranium?
Ironic since you're now being investigated by a political watchdog firm for your own ties to Russia
You met with Dems & went to Republicans to talk them out of Nuclear Option. You're trying to sabotage Gorsuch! RINO TRAITOR!!
Did you discuss @realDonaldTrump?
I want so badly for @SenJohnMcCain to be our homie in this fight but he's not putting his votes where his mouth is
Again where was your big mouth when Obama was President? Not a word, you are pathetic!
Because we need more wars, at least you're consistent...
Watch out @POTUS might get mad at you. 
Obama has nothing to do with @POTUS potential #treason. I'm not dem & deff a vet. Don't let your partisan blinders outweigh patriotism.
@GOP YES COMRADE WELCOME YOUR MASTER
GOOD!!!! An enemy of Vlad is a friend to me ;)
Real Republicans and Americans don't kiss Kremlin ass!  WHERE IS THE PROMISED SENATE RUSSIAN SANCTIONS BILL? Please follow through, Senators
Continue to undermine our foreign policy and becoming a embarrassment to our nation. Wonder why u didn't get elected president. Never trump
Member leaker
The More who know his bad side, the better!
Foe ! ? ! ?  Well welcome to our house.
POTUS Impreachment eminent
Senator with Oil Revenue making up 40% of Russia's budget why aren't you the biggest cheerleader for renewables?
Remember when you voted for Tillerson? God I bet you feel so embarrassed now.
