He is a traitor of the people
I thought we could lean that right is right but maybe not.  Partisan Politics wins again. Disappointed.  Where is the courage John.

Oh puleeeeze...
# traitor to your own party
R u a teacher as well as a politician?
That in the end politics trumps and integrity takes a back seat.
Civility? Good grief. Two-faced McCain has just shown his true nature. Millions of people knocked off health care. But not him. Shameful.
What I learned was that sometimes we overstay our welcome
How sad that members of his own party would react with such hatred while Dems wish him well. Never thought cancer would be a partisan issue.
Yeah, @SenJohnMcCain has never been very good at kissing ass.
I rarely agree with what he does, but I'm not going to take joy in his illness. I'm reserving that glee for Trump-maybe McConnell.
Exactly. Politics aside, he's has shown himself, time and again, to be a decent human being. His detractors, not so much.
Agree with you 100%. McCain sold out our own guys to get special treatment from the Viet Cong. Also know as #Songbird. No vet likes him.
McCain needed medical attention & was tortured. You can't possibly know how you'd withstand in same situation. Let me know when that happens
How would they know he was or not tortured? Point me to these sources...
should learn to keep his mouth shut......
We can learn that you can use nice speeches as a cover for actions that are directly opposed to your stated principles.
You know what I learned about you yesterday, you're for party over people. It was disappointing to say the least.
You are a tool
#sham #ShameOnMcCain
We can learn to talk a good game and then fall in line when like a good little GOPer puppet?!?
Vote on bills you know nothing about?
Fake news like you, POS
Mine is in the trash, Johnny.
We have learned that ALL People need Comprehensive Affordable Healthcare becuz illness can strike Anytime.. at Any Age.. Anywhere.
The CIA's best friend you traitor!
Here's a better one:
We learn that he can use his  entitlements while denying millions basic health care
We all wish you the best. Might not agree with some policies but you are a hero to all. Give them hell, Sir!! Hoooaaahh!!!
White man, w/brain cancer, receiving free government sponsored healthcare ... rolls out of his hospital bed to strip everyone else of theirs
Sure we can I feel he is a hypocrite as he said he wouldn't vote 4 healthcare but he did. Sad sad
Bad judgement?
Know when u have long been past your prime and should leave?
Don't let us down, you maverick.
We're relying on your civility & honor to keep the ACA. Its flaws can be fixed. Congress should have been working the last 7 yrs to fix it.
I'm with you. Shame the best, you and Kennedy have had to suffer while the worst just get worse.
We can learn that Obamacare saves lives.
The moment of truth for you sir, Country or Party? #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #ACA
If you have a "spiritual conscience" than do the right thing for the American ppl not for the Vulgarian Oligarchy in power.
Nice article.  Don't ruin this legacy by voting yes on the MTP today.  Vote NO to retain the respect the American people have for you.
The American people the majority want you to do right on heathcare and NOT support Trump's Deathcare. You know how important it is recently!
He won't
Do you think an uninsured person would have your options for treatment of a glio?  Prayers for you and America
Civility means nothing if you take our health care while you are covered entirely. Then, civility becomes simple hypocrisy
You would really comeback from your health crisis so you can vote to strip healthcare from millions? How could you?
That it's best to stay in the closet?
he is still going to vote to take insurance away from Millions..NOTHING TO LEARN FROM THE MAN WHO GAVE US SARAH PALIN, SORRY!!
Now I hope you have learned how important healthcare is.  Please don't vote to repeal the ACA and replace it with CRAP!
Senator PLEASE don't vote for this horrible health care debacle.  Please care more about our country than your party.
You have prayers of the whole country behind you. Partisan politics, name calling & disrespect is taking over politics and it's bad for us.
How to take away their insurance as you benefit from taxpayers funding your own insurance?
Thank you John for your courage. My Dad, John Moss, would be proud of your honesty in the face of this unparalleled Constitutional crisis.
Yes, how to be a self-serving Progressive & worthless Senator!
Please, ask the Gov to appoint a GOP'er to your seat. The country needs it! We will end up with a single payer that wouldn't treat u at all!

Washington Post editorial board laughably claims bloodthirsty warmonger John McCain "has championed human rights" https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/what-we-can-all-learn-from-john-mccain/2017/07/22/e0202762-6e46-11e7-96ab-5f38140b38cc_story.html?utm_term=.65db7a6eee2c …
A well earned article of praise. You and I differ on many topics, but I have never doubted your true goal is a better America. Get well soon
How to be responsible for more human misery than Adolf Hitler?  How to make love to terrorists and Nazis, that's what you'd learn from him.
Just proves what a RINO you are.
Fight hard, we need you! Please convince others to support our country, impeach Trump, get us back on track. Not party, but country matters!
Get well soon @SenJohnMcCain
2008 was a high point in Presidential elections. We had two candidates of exemplary character and conviction.  Get well, Senator.We need you
Yes - learn from your old self and get back to the maverick! Start by standing up for ARIZONA over party and the mystery #Trumpcare! #VoteNO
Grid, perseverance, integrity, valor and the list goes on!
Glad you're getting stronger. You need to muster that strength to fight T's diabolical agenda. Others in your party starting to take a stand
BUBUBUBYE TRAITOR.
https://youtu.be/snYMisQKJz8    RETIRE and take your black arms plays with you!
RESIGN YOUR SEAT or get your ass back in here! We need every Senator & Congressman here NOW!!! dammit
Not a hero,a ziro.  MCCAIN WAS DUBBED THE “POW SONGBIRD”
https://m.liveleak.com/view?i=920_1221071287 …
Senator you are a statesman. Please let colleagues know thay you don't support cutting #Medicaid for the #disabled. You have been a champion
Get well soon, Senator, and continue to protect the nation from hostile forces both from within and outside our borders.
Get well, & remember 2 repent & do your best 2 make right any unjust laws you unknowingly or knowingly had a part in

What can we learn from  Hanoi john?  Don't be a traitor to AMERICA!
Freaking retire Hanoi john.
A compliment to the WP means, scratch my back...I'll scratch yours.  Both of them criminals.
You are incredible and I love you and what you stand for. I will celebrate you always. But Palin bro. Palin.
Wow If you have a problem with WaPo, tweet @ them. Sen, I have not always agreed but TY for your work. I hope more like u choose to serve
Senator,
Cancer sucks.
YOU can stop the spread of cancer by keeping the funding for screening and treatment for STDs and HPV through @PPact
an honest man. a hero. a person i am proud to be able to disagree with from time-to-time. praying for recovery.
I wish you the best. But as I lay here recovering from my own surgery that could have gone better without trump sabatoge. I wonder why
Why do they wait for you to sign a bill that will take my healthcare away. Why 2 days b4 my surgery my insurance denied me meds. Why wadr
Pay for your own god damn insurance
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for the service as war hero and  for all that you have continued to do. Praying for your full and speedy recovery.
I don't agree with his politics but he is a great patriot who has served and protected our freedoms. Trump?
We can learn what it means to be a hero and a patriot.  As a democrat and a cancer survivor I say GOD BLESS YOU JOHN McCAIN
What Senator, how to be a traitor and cover it up using your father's influence? No thanks, you're a traitor
Please retire @SenJohnMcCain. You are an awful representative of the people in AZ. You literally probably represent 15-20 people here, MAX.
Wapo is fake news and lies all the time. So probably a bunch of bs
We learned he's above the VA
This guy is the biggest sellout that there's ever been in the Republican Party The Washington Post is propping this traitor up
I agree with them. I don't believe in what the Republican party represents, but I do believe in you. Good man
Thank you Senator McCain!
Terrible record on civil rights, the environment, marriage equality, and weak on our incumbent POTUS.  I wish him well, but PLEASE....
The world needs you Senator. Beat this thing and show the greatness of America to the world again.
How to attempt to start wars, fund terrorism globally & get applauded by our media for it. You contributed to the murder of children McCain
Your country needs you now more than ever. Stay with us!
Please senator act as a check on our tyrant in chief in the west wing.  We need you now more than ever.  Please!
HOPE YOU'RE FEELING BETTER MR MCCAIN. PRAYERS
Yes, he is a great example of what NOT to do!

Moreover it will cure you some side effect are u may want to listen to music and dance, may eat a lot, u may laugh and u nah sleep good live
Perseverance integrity loyalty patriotism and a love for life! John listen to me and listen good, get as much pot in your system as possible
Senator John McCain is the kind of person we need more of in Washington. #GetWellSoon
You are respected and admired by so many people in our country
Mr. McCain, our World today is a better place because you are leading us all to action.  God Bless!
WHAT IT MEANS TO BE COURAGEOUS! ! !
From John McCain we can learn that if you oppose conservatives and POTUS at every turn dems will LOVE you
Not really
We honor you for your service and sending prayers your way.
I truly appreciate all you have done and your ability to improve our great country.
Nicely said, Washington Post.   We need the sensibility in Congress. Senator McCain, our thoughts and prayers for your recovery.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
How will you explain to someone in Phoenix that they will play 4x, 50% more, or 2x what hey pay under ACA @JeffFlake & @SenJohnMcCain? 
Sending love & healing your way, Senator!  Thank you for your service
I am so saddened by such a hateful country that we have become. No respect, tolerance, no understanding...just vitriol. Sad.
ARE YOU SERIOUS ??????
@Sonbird McCain is a traitor and was once sentenced to die by firing squad for being a traitor. Nixon pardoned all of them. Read up on him.
@SenJohnMcCain is NO F'n "Hero". Read some history on him. He has you ppl fooled. He was the cause of many soldiers being killed in Vietnam
Stand strong against Trump!
What can be learned from McCain? When it is time to realize retirement is staring you in the face and you are no longer viewed as relevant

How to be a successful RINO. Send him back to the Hanoi Hilton
Let's work toward McCainCare-a bipartisan and equitable healthcare solution.
I do not need to read the article. The answer to the question is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! #DRAINTHESWAMP #63MillionStrong
Good luck Senator!  There haven't been many like you and never will be. God bless #Prayers
appreciate you John !
Lesson #1: Serving others is more important than serving yourself.  Thank you @SenJohnMcCain & prayers for a speedy & complete recovery!
We've learned he's an attention grabbing GOP traitor. #Songbird

Love, respect and admire @SenJohnMcCain. #kickcancer #metoo
What are you going to do to protect the health insurance of America's children and adults?
Civility?
Have you spoken to any fellow Senators?
He was, and is, extremely uncivil - tumor or not.
Probably connected........
Thank you for ur service both past and present. Keep up the fight! U r 1 of the few republicans I have respect for, stand up for the ppl
Thank you for your integrity, Senator McCain. I may not always agree with every one of your policy positions, but I am a great admirer!
don't know to many people do you? What has he ever done in his time in DC? Medicare, social security healthcare , etc all destroyed by D.C.
Statemanship. Integrity. Honor. Patriotism. Character.
Sr, death is so generous that it will give you a life ahead of you!
Proverbs Pride comes before the fall. God's judgment.John McCain.God can heal you or take you. Heaven-hell?
#1. To calm the hell down.  Time & Pressure makes a diamond!!
sending you ocean breezes from Hilton Head.
That he sells out to Party over ppl time and time again . That's what I have learned from McCain.
Mc cain is a dimme
GET WELL SIR!!! 
Not my hero unless he has God and repentance instead of hating Trump.We're all sinners saved by grace.John3:3
Sen. McCain, I'm dyed in wool liberal from Ma. 2008, my 6 y.o.asked me what "honorable man" meant. I used you as my example of "honor"
A killer of women, children and babies who dumped his wife to marry a 'trophy' young enough to be his daughter? Try Jimmy Carter instead.
This is you , you blood Maniac , where ever you put a foot , failur situation becomes , your party is loosing in Syria ,!!

@realDonaldTrump  POTUS, Sign or Resign.   
Please retweet. https://twitter.com/TrueFactsStated/status/889114187108147201 …
Dear Mr. Senator! I think that millions of people on the planet are proud to live in the era of John McCain! Thanks you!
Hahahaha

The US need your healthcare insurance who get a cat scan and MRI in one day no issuance companies will you have better insurance than us
FAKE NEWS RETIRE
Sir, you're an American hero for showing us how to be human being, even with ppl that you don't agree with. And brave soldier, statesman!
Thank You for all you do Sir
the only thing I learned is don't betray your brothers in arms
warmonger
liar
coward
Has everyone seen the Arizona Republican calling for @SenJohnMcCain to resign. She did not even wait a week. 
Sick with it @SenJohnMcCain
You consistently share deep states WaPo articles. Even in death you have no shame.
Just the truth sir, Get Well Soon! (But take your time)
Agreed don't return anytime soon
I meant it to recuperate sir.
I meant not come back sir
This was rather good, too! http://mobile.nytimes.com/1997/05/25/magazine/the-subversive.html … I hope you recover soon.
Hope you're not ok with hurting our most vulnerable communities? #NoCutsToMedicaid #SaveOurCare #BCRAp #SinglePayer
These graphs make pretty clear that BCRA does NOT provide access to health care for those with low incomes: https://www.brookings.edu/blog/up-front/2017/07/20/how-bcra-2-0-would-impact-enrollee-costs-according-to-your-age-and-income/ … 
Cancer manifestation is the ultimate sacrifice of not taking care of oneself and excessively taking care of others by way of conflict, sad.
What? This guy crossed the aisle a long time ago

Limit age of Congress to 70yrs. This fucker has been senile for at least 10yrs

#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
https://twitter.com/mattmfm/status/877932005593300993 …
After you kick cancers ass come back and kick Trump's and his band of traitors asses too

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …
https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/888089639940128772 … liar Mccain
Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …
