Stop pretending to be an independent voice when you are just another shill for Trump & large corporate donors like DeVos.
Whatever happened to "Maverick"? Might as well just elect a robot programmed to do whatever McConnell says. 
Psssh. Meanwhile, you're poisoning our children's education with that clown DeVos. You spineless, coward ass bitch.
why are you so afraid to speak against trump?  You can retire, you have money, why continue to support him?
Get our AZ VA cleaned up n respectable. It's shameful n should b made a priority by you.
#America ##@SenJohnMcCain @washingtonpost Stop the war mongers is the from pushing for more wars. #Netflixs "untold history
you lost!  You hate @POTUS we get it!  Stop attacking the constitution, your party and voters because you are bitter!
Who do we think poisoned this heroic patriot? Is @POTUS cheering for the poisoner?
is an American hero and patriot. Thank you for your service sir.
Neotrávil ho někdo z druhé strany, jen aby nohl napadnout Putina ?
Each Senator should be given right to speak on the floor.  That is part of job description.  #letlizspeak   We are watching
We need to look into this more deeply and punish Putin if he is responsible!
За что наказывать? Кара-Мурза американский агент,шпион,экстремист, предатель родины!
все что против Путина,для них есть доброта.
why should we listen to you after you proved yourself to be such a coward?
please stand-up to a far worse poison taking grip in our nation that shouldn't be mistaken for party lines. #resist
DeVos is going to poison our children.  What are you going to do about their suffering?
How abt talking abt Ryan Owens? Not a success!? U, of all ppl! Iwo Jima? Always risk loss of life even in successful missions
and why aren't you speaking out to defend Warrens right to speak?  Hypocrite!
As is the country. Poisoned by trump's buddies in russia!
@MoonAngelWings The vote for Devos was a vote for educational death for our kids for a few thousand dollars #Shameonyou
but silent about our unhinged President. The very man who mocked your time in Vietnam while he had his feet up at home
The persecution of individuals by presidents that don't agree with them is a problem yes.
Very sad for him but too bad you don't care enough about America's Children
need independent counsel. FBI is in Trump's pocket.  Helped him get elected.
Do u know how dumb that sounds? Dems helped Trump by putting up corruption=Killary to run!!
So um, what are u going to do about our Russian puppet President? Talk and posts are cheap Senator. DO something about Trump
significant Russian opposition figures seem to get poisoned (or shot or imprisoned) very frequently.  Very suspicious.
when are you going to speak up and actually DO something for American vetrans.
you could also talk about an AMERICAN patriot who tried to talk last night, but the GOPee all shut her down.
"There are a lot of killers." - Trump. Impeach this SOB now before it's too late. Be the hero Trump doesn't think u are.
hmmm, wonder how he was poisoned...
Keep standing up for what is right and not all this nonsense constantly coming from the White House
So @SenJohnMcCain please tell us what you will do to compel #POTUS to release tax returns so we can see where his interests are? Talk cheap.
You failed the country by voting to confirm DeVos.  You can no longer claim to stand up for right.  #thekidswillsuffer
. I'd rather watch you do something about Trump and Bannon.
. I live and vote in Tucson.  Every time I think I like you, you do something stupid like vote for Betsy DeVos. Who are you?
Why did you vote for DeVos?
@gaveallheart IMPEACH TRUMP!
how are those hearings coming along
If Putin wanted to poison him he would be dead already.

WHY IS US GOVT NOT INVESTIGATING TRUMP CONNECTION TO RUSSIA??                            HERESY!!!
Our country is falling apart and THIS is what you're soapboxing abput?!
you are a fake mr songbird...time for u to retire
Hey John why waste time on Russia, there are several million Americans that lost there health care when Obama care started?
how long before Trump starts doing this??
best thing we can do is stop replying to his tweets until he admits he was wrong with DeVos.
But Trump says we're just as bad. When will you do something about HIM?
appreciate your integrity on foreign affairs/Russia but man, that DeVos vote. Teachers and public schools matter.
How about getting busy on the nominees? 894/899
your vote has poisoned public education in USA
: Speak the truth as to who poisoned him. Protect our nation from Trump.
I thought you had integrity...now I know you don't...all a game
Yes! Please divert our attention away from the fact that your boss is creating an oligarchy, with your help.
We can't trust you, any Republican or the FBI to investigate Trump, you all have no credibility or integrity.
if you cared, you'd be really LOUDLY pushing for #TrumpRussia investigation! But if you cared US, you couldn't vote 4 DeVoss
Good for you. So what. How about showing some stones and voting against Puzder? You chickened out re DeVos.
should have been on the floor sticking up for kids, and not handing the public education system to Skeletor! Maverick my ass!
what is the point of this?
shame on you for letting our children down, just to look good to your president, sickening,
Your vote for DeVos  is indefensible. Hope you're serious about investigating Russian hacking & ties to Trump.
why don't you stand up to crazy Trump and his cronies? He personally insulted you and our veterans! #UnfitToLead #CrazyTrain
-he was socialists only mathematical.. You know, 1000 % to me-me-me... and rest, pays taxes.
-and a Swede is  100% dead...the socialist just got 68% life.
Thank you. Keep searching for the Trump/Russia truth.
never agreed with your politics but respected you as a man of integrity. That is now gone.
Impeach Pres. Trump!  He is toxic.
how did you argue then vote 4her anyway?? So disappointed. I thought you were one of the Republicans we could vote 4next time
Senator, what are you going to do investigate the death of the young soldier in Yemen, or does he matter to Republicans?
Thank you Senator. Please continue to stand up to Putin. Don't let the new president keep appeasing them. #stillEvilEmpire
@JeffFlake doing nothing to help Arizona education by voting DeVos. Sad!
yea, poisoned by our presidents bff!
sorry sir lost all respect for you today!
y didn't u vote against DeVos? You obviously care more about your party that our nation's children. I have lost respect 4 you
you are starting to smell of cabbage like an old lying war monger
No comment on our children's futures you are hurting by voting yes for DeVos?
A shame that nobody speaks about Oleg Sentsov, Oleksandr Kolchenko & other Ukrainian victims of Putin's war in Ukraine.
pretty nervy when you're supporting Trump. But I guess you only have a backbone if there are cameras. Shame on you.
You care more about a Russian dissident  than American education. You voted for Betsy DeVos, you Trump chump. Shame!
Nope. Nothing you say today matters given your DeVos vote. Leadership matters, and you just failed.
disgusted at how you voted for Devos. So much for courage
Thank you.
You should've spoken up for our schools by casting a No for DeVos. You are for sale and your words mean nothing.
cant beleive you turned your back on the kids. O well at least you dont have to read so good to be the potus anymore 
POTUS is portraying "tough guy" but it's just bar stool rhetoric. He's not a patriot, a thinker, or well read.
Please help the IC finish their investigations and save us from tyranny.
DON'T GIVE A SHIT WHAT YOU DISCUSS OTHER THAN IMPEACHING TRUMP.
REALLY?? What about American children? Who gives a shit about them, we'll just put Mrs. I Buy Repubs in charge.
Why are you so concerned about a Russian poisoning when our own children will be denied appropriate education under DeVos?
You let us down w/Betsy DeVos. Audit our vote. In addition to Russia, votes suppressed by voter ID laws and gerrymandering.
thank you sir.
I will not lists to.a person that betrayed the children and the constitution
you are  traitor thought you were one of only few decent Republicans left. Wrong. Don't forget about  Majority
we the majority will not re elect you and the rest of your cronies you betrayed the children of this country
DeVos? Really? I'm disappointed in you. Where are your morals?
this Russian mess stinks to high heavens! And I'm so disappointed with the DeVos vote. What next?
disappointed with your Vote today for Betsy DeVos. I actually believed you would do the right thing and stop this travesty.
yes because he's generally a stand up guy
Yeah, too bad you don't have backbone to vote your conscience on any cabinet picks, but we should think you tough #Craven
I can't believe you sold out AZ school children. You should be ashamed.
You sold out your voters for donor $ and to align with party politicians.  Your constituents begged you to vote no on DeVos.
Thanks Senator. You are a true patriot. That's what patriot means.
You let Arizona down!
yeah poisoned by Putin no doubt.  You know the one T is going ro lift sanctions on to make money off Rosenft.
There goes every ounce of respect I had for you. @BetsyDeVos will ensure kid's education is only for those who can afford it.
this is sickening, but so are you; blatantly ignoring  constituents and exchanged our kids education for 50k from DeVos
nobody wants to hear you anymore because your word means nothing! Thanks for allowing DeVoss to buy her way in.
How about speaking against what Trump the Traitor is doing to our country.
Remember when you used to care?
also should warn all on russian intervention in French elections. It already started. Putin must be stopped.
we cant hav business with putin if he keep killing the opposition
good john
please become our president already. How mad could people get? Republican, war hero, experience.. LETSGETREALPEOPLE !!!
Sorry Sir, lost faith in you. For a fair price, I'm sure you'd vote this in as acceptable with the rest of the GOP
Donald Trump love RUSSIA be careful what you say.
But you vote yes on DeVos.....WHY??
protect us from Russia
Changing the topic about your Devos pick?
education just not on your radar? Can't trust someone who lets someone so obviously unqualified to slip through by one vote
thank you Senator!
tweeting on Twitter about Sen McCain, an American "patriot" who apparently is suffering from greed and blind allegiance
The Republican Party should be ashamed for approving new Education Secretary. Stupid is as stupid does.
just stop tweeting today. Seems like you will only stand up for wrong these days if it is not on our very shores.
and your vote poisoned American school children. You are just another bought and paid for puppet.
you put money and party over the people today with your vote to confirm devos. You should have recused yourself for bias
Did your king kumquat have him poisoned?
Save your breath, Senator! Why not have the courage to hold a town hall meet on your vote today!
I recall that you John are a senator from Arizona. Is this Murza from Arizona? If not, none of your business John
i no longer trust you. wont be watching. you are not doing anything for America
Dear Mr McCain, only the significant increase of sanctions can safe the life of many peole in Russia and Ukraine
Why do you now care about Russia?
Why bother? Maybe God meant for it to happen. At least that's what our new education system will tell us thanks to your vote.
you are incredibly frustrating!
You could've spoke out today. Will you speak out tomorrow? The next day? How far will you let this go?
that is nice and all, but you took money from DeVos and confirmed her. So you have no moral ground to stand on.
nobody heard of his name before, hence he couldn't harm Putin in the past. Now his name appeared simply to punch Putin.
i was SO ready 2 vote 4 u til Palin. Keep up ur good work. I admire u. Respect u. We count on u. U r what a legislator shld b
it is truly horrible. What action will you urge @realDonaldTrump to take against Putin??  What action will you take?
Will you finally then admit the truth about your president that he is learning from Vlad? DO something PLEASE HELP US!
- You sold out America's children for money.
LMAO I think you mean sold out the Teachers union.
- No, not what I meant. Sorry you misunderstood.
Not falling for your bologna. You blindly follow Putin's Puppet, refuse to demand tax returns, vote for DeVos & Tillerson
is yr index finger tired of poking eyes
After Devos vote, cannot take you seriously as having our best interests at heart.
maybe you should ask Tillerson if he could get Putin to stop poisoning people. Or maybe stop appointing Putins buddy's
Клинтон хотела начать мировую войну с помощью бандеровцев и ИГИЛ,Путин и Трамп хотят мира и делают все для этого!
action speaks loudest devos vote is deafening
you failed us! I don't care what you have to say ever again! Spineless coward!
So what's your friggin' affliction McCain voting in favor of DeVos ? What the hell's the matter w/ you ? Deference to trump ?
can't wait to vote you out!  You sold my disabled son out today.
deflect
why are you even bothering? You already proved to the world that you don't give a shit about anyone but billionaire donors.
shame on you.
who cares??? You won't stand up to TRUMP!!! ACTION SENATOR!! TIRED OF WORDS
Will the "speech" be connected w/ KREMLIN's TILLERSON confirmation?
Or w/sanctions agnst RUS as it was promised before?
Let's hope you speak with more political courage on this issue then you did on Betsy Devos' nomination.
You apparently care more about him than you do our children.
You voted party on everything skip your going to do any thing about Russia and Putin
and how your vote on #BetsyDeVoss was bought? I voted for you! I am so disappointed
you should be more cincerned about the huge mistake you made voting for DeVos....huge disappointment
you mean the unions don't you.
You voted for DeVos you spineless creep. Nobody cares what you say on the Senate floor you just crapped all over.
So upset you voted for DeVos. I know you that you know she's completely unqualified.
shame on you for voting yes on DeVoss.  You just threw our kids under the bus.  #retireplease
anything about our illegitimate election??  Oh wait you got $50k from DeVos so party over country!!
let's chat about ur vote for devos!
Not going to deflect away from the fact you are a bought and paid for politician without a shred of integrity. Shame on you
perhaps slide in an apology to the children of the US for spitting on their future this morning for money and party. #sellout
Why? We all know what happened. Maybe focus on getting some more approvals done.
Unfortunately we can't rely on you to help our children. Therefore we don't care what you say about a Russian being poisoned.
bring him home! What's up with the #russianhacking investigation anyway?
.@SenJohnMcCain You should probably speak next on the floor about that $50K you took from DeVos for ur vote tho fam.
that's what we call "pay to play". Devoss is a master.
Yeah. Well. I'm pissed. Haha
When will u speak to ur constituents about confirming the grossly unqualified #DeVos? AZ schools are in trouble and  know it.
Stop tweeting about it & do something to get rid of Putin's puppet. DT is planning on running the country inspired by Putin.
You know as well as any of us that she is woefully under-qualified.  Sad to see you cave on something so important.
I thought you were one of the reasonable, thoughtful GOP who cared about all Americans. DeVos vote proves me wrong.
me too.  Very disappointed in Senator McCain
More words with no action to back it up. You had a chance to be honorable, but you sold out our kids. Stop posturing.
