Why don't you speak out against what Pruitt & Zinke are doing to our environment, our public lands, our wildlife?
Hey DF, its called #budgeting responsibly, not #hacking as has been done by #gop past 8yrs
Global warming and its going to get worse
But Trump with Republicans looking the other way will destroy the environment! You can't just sit there! Do something!
Are you kidding? Your party is raping the environment! YOU'RE A LEADER! DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! @EPA
Translation: The corporations want to clear cut them for cheap paper towels.
And combat climate change
Your are confusing 'weather' with climate change, here.  Not helpful to either challenge.
Agree there is a difference, but they are inter-linked. A set of initiatives need to be inacted
We need clear heads with open minds.  The special interests clash with masquerades of scientism or business. Politicians hide under money.
To many are owned by Big Money, what ever industry. A T. Roosevelt approach is needed. A break up of the great trusts holding things back
With what budget, Senator?  You are taking it all away.
And how will that happen when the Dept of the @Interior and @USDA are facing cuts?
I think God is standing over your state with a magnifying glass.
Then support climate change funding. Stop playing the politicaly correct game!! Do right by your voter or out in 2020
You vote with Trump you're another lackey in the history of White men ruling the world! So glad you picked Palin, so I could easily vote DEM
Well it's not because of global warming! You're buddy Donny says it's a myth! How about the people who will die after you expire w/Trumpcare
Tweets come from staff as I'm no longer able to put complete sentences together. Staff also changes my poopy depends.
Have prisoners work on cleaning up the all brush. Etc
Time for you to retire, grandpa.
Courrage John. Stand fast with the other Repubs who wont cave in tothe Trumpcare bill. PLEASE. Go out a hero. Millions will be grateful.
You blow all funds on terrorism, instigating war. Impeach McCain
Have some balls and do what's right and Vote No for the Tax cuts to the rich! You can afford the money, another hit to your rep & it's over
Maybe all the Trump whackis are right? You're no hero (because you got caught?) you swallowed that insult and can't get your Reputation back
You're legacy was hurt when you picked Meth head Palin and should have cost you your senate seat! But nothing compared to bowing to Trump!
republican policies are quite toasty 
there's no global warming let Ryan Z cut the forest service budgets get your fiddle out and play NERO!
Climate change is a factor hear BTW
Have prisoners work on cleaning up the all brush etc
One can't do that and loosen regulations on manufacturing. Your party is creating a bigger problem.
Shame on John McCain! I guess it's true what they say "Hero's will always let you down" Do one last act of courage and vote NO on TrumpKill!
Tackling climate change might be a good idea.
Meaning what exactly?
And maybe pay attention to the warnings of climate scientists
We should also restore our citizens to healthy levels...with reasonable health care. COME ON. Don't you care about us? NO to Mitch!!!!!!
Its 200 degrees out johnny ... they call this climate change.
Senator,  am a big supporter of yours over all your campaigns. Please do not cut health care for disabled. #NOCutsToMedicaid Thank you
Then tell your boss to stop eliminating the environmental protections and slashing EPA budget..oh! And stop voting yes like a lamb.
Hey "Maverick" lend a hand restoring citizens to health by voting against the abomination your #GOP colleagues just rolled out. #justsayin
Keep voting to deny climate change. Only going to get worse
What does "manageable levels" mean?  Cut it all down before it burns?  This makes no sense senator.  I am confused by this statement.
Yes we should but your boss says no climate change guts the EPA and Forestry Service - what's your plan? #BLUTAH2018
Quick, bring in millions of reugees that dont work and give them welfare and free housing. That should put the fires right out.
And you must do something about close mate change otherwise this will get worse. #1 problem.
So John how you voting on new health care bill.? Bet I know! Get lots of sleep so you don't vote no by mistake!!!
Yes @SenJohnMcCain
So sorry for your State right now for extreme heat.  Read WaPo this morning said heat index 165 in Iran.  Make the Planet Great Again!
the Frye fire could have been contained day one or two, they didn't want to, now it's a problem. it's about money like everything else.

Yes, we need to protect our forests. Let's focus on taking care of our whole country and do your job.
How can that possibly happen with the current Sec. Of the Interior?? Climate change denier s left and right..
How about the fire raging against elderly healthcare?
how can you do that when cutting funding for parks
Pretty hard to do when U just want to fund defense at the expense of park service. Y don't U get 45 to pay for this since he's the cause.
And our planning must acknowledge that wildfires are a natural & healthy part of southwestern forest management.
sure I agree. but the point is moot this fire burned the entire forest pretty much only thing protected were tthe telescopes
Moving forward, we must 1. Improve our mgmt of forests, understanding the importance of periodic wildfire, & 1/2
2. Build with awareness of fire/flood/etc prone environments. 2/2
Says the snowbird traitor. Come stand before your voters
Ok, cut Medicaid, but the $700B in tax cuts needs to go to the working people.   Not to 1%, We need to demand that refund.
Sir, you were sent to Congress to address these issues. Alternatives to overgrowth as a business proposition would be useful to all. Find it
Not with this admin. You guys are taking away protections now against our national forests and lands !!
How about our government!
What are you going to do? You are in power. I know you wouldn't support the president but if was Obama you were a lamb! @POTUS @GOP @PRyan
Do you really mean this or are you trolling?
First we have to restore our government 
Vote no on ahca
Wild fires are part of nature.
How?
Help fight climate change by supporting renewables and putting science back into the EPA!
Imagine being on your deathbed many years from now. Will u be proud that millions lost healthcare so that the very rich could get tax cuts?
Go peddle it somewhere else, Senator. You're as culpable as anyone for the destruction of our planet.
So you will be fighting cuts to National Parks and Forest budgets?  #saveourparks
Sir, I respect you & know you are not totally on the Trump train, but these matters need to be thrown at the WH to combat poor judgement.
100 years of aggressive fire suppression: too much fuel. 
150 days of GOP/DJT: what fire? We need tax cuts not funding for tree huggers.
Sounds like you may need scientists to help remedy that. Oh wait - Trump fired a ton, wants to cut back funding, and doesn't respect science
Yeah and keep supporting climate deniers like Trump.
Sure. Also reduce emissions of co2 so that temperatures stop increasing.
good thing you'll do nothing about climate change... #TimeToRetire
It would help if we would do something about global warming
As in, opening them up for logging???
Okay let's start with the forest fire in the white house.
Good luck with that. Your science hating, climate denier party loves BIG oli money & would rather see us all burn up than help you.
Try restoring healthcare to something manageable #VoteNoACHA. Didn’t POTUS cut the Forest Service?
How does that square with gutting the EPA, mainlining fossil fuels, and failure to invest in green tech? You're a fraud, senator.
be rough to do with climate change
Years of activists not allowing controlled burning has made the under growth to become dry tinder for fires. Good Luck!
Please stop. All you do is flap your gums. We don't see any action from you whatsoever senator.
Always with the fake sincerity and concern. Vote No on Trump care your concern should be with the health and future of your constituents
Don't let McConnell's no-health bill pass. He should nit be leading gop. His values are corrupt
Hmmm. Too bad Donald Trump & Scott Pruitt won't support these efforts.
Where is your outrage with Pruitt/Zinke as they strip staff from EPA and INTERIOR? You cannot protect forests without Principled Science!
If it got cold enough for those beetles to not eat our trees...
Again with the words Senator.  No one is listening. Stop saying start doing.
@realDonaldTrump still hasn't appointed a FEMA director
Maybe next time don't vote YES on Scott Pruitt?
Trumpcare is America's wild fire. What are you doing to fight that?
Seeing you're a veteran yourself, what are you doing to protect them from Trumpcare and Medicaid cuts?
Just stay there and focus on that. Rest of GOP will take care of taxes and healthcare.
This is but a taste of the future of Climate Change. You are in a position to do something about it.  History will remember your inaction!
Confusing 'weather' with climate change only provides fodder for other agendas equally confused and counterproductive.
I know the difference between weather and climate.
How about we start with believing the scientists on climate change, eh?
You have confused 'weather' with climate change. Both are issues. The confusion only provides cover for other equally confused agendas.
Um, one Q: Who is "we"?
Climate change denier.
Your never here
Are you going to blame the fires on trump?
Just something else for you to be bothered by, yet do nothing about. How proud would your cousin George be?
Senator, you didn't get the memo? &the mad-hater-press will not tell you either?
Stop pretending climate change doesn't exist
And our planet to a point where excessive and increasing heat is not the norm.
Hey let's do some more cutting at the EPA and do more stupid things. Maybe the plan is to burn down Arizona. He's your problem
We should also continue restoring our society to a healthy level. Vote no on health care bill. (Also, Trump doesn't give  damn about forest)
Then let them burn naturally, as the would have before we began “managing” them.
Climate change is worsening our fires and weakening trees, please renew your efforts in Congress to combat #climatechange.

that is fake science, sir.
So you saying the data used in the graph that came from here https://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/  is fake?

If your VA cared that much it would be great...oh wait...its been burning for awhile.
Coal baby coal.
Forest management was cut from the budget to pay for your tax cuts for the rich...we see what you are doing. Dump Trump now sir.
Please retire!
Curious, how will that happen when you and colleagues are gutting Agencies and Institutions?  @EPAScottPruitt is antithesis of support 4 env
I agree. We must also restore American people to healthy levels. Vote NO on healthcare bill that will KILL millions of us!
While you allow Trump Inc to burn down our democracy your state up in flames. Poetic. #impeachtrumpnow
Maybe This Was A Bad Move? #gopclimatedeniers
Take care of people's health first!  Vote NO to #Trumpcare!!
There can't be a wildfire season. "There is no climate change", remember? It's just "FAKE NEWS".
Horrible. You're surely "troubled." You'll do nothing. Congrats to Cindy on her new job. Her boss defamed you. You are a not man of honor.
Please retire before you totally ruin your good reputation.
That ship has sailed.
