The warning on you wasn't missed. It was supressed by your daddy. You are a traitor should have been sentenced to death long ago for treason
If we can't protect our own, what's the effing purpose?
WSJ is for wealthy people with subscriptions. Minimum wage schleps will miss the article and the warning. 
Here's a warning. #sciencematters
Excellent point. Thank you for amplifying for the rest of us.
The missed warning is they named a ship after  Traitor.
the ship was named after his father and grandfather not him he will be remembered as the Arnold of Arizona worst senator until FLAKE!
this RAT is also a big threat for America please dont let him In.....He has paid a huge amount to some americans for lobbying firms
You behaving like it's your own ship. No John it's an US Navy ship.
Hey John. Dump the GOP come over to Dems.
you want more defense spending is what you're really trying to say.
Thank you for posting. I support boosting Navy budget instead of funding "The Wall",.
Remember the USS FORRISTAL you killed 133 Navy men.
American exceptionalsm has long left us. Are we just now waking up to this reality?
was moral down?
Resign! You don't work for real American citizens.
. To bad you, traitor johnny, wasn't on that lower deck.
John wake up an the rest of the Republicans need to impeach Trump
I'd like to think you are capable of taking a hint! #MAGA #draintheswamp #mccainmustgo
There's no excuse. Someone wasn't on watch. It's that simple.
How about " A missed warning on the Forestal"?
The ship was jinxs with ur name on it.Ur not a hero all the men that got killed on that ship because of u. Ur finished metals s/b taken away
1VOTE! 1VOTE! 1 VOTE!
Naming a ship after you,  was the first mistake.....Songbird!
McCain, exactly what did you do about this problem the past 8 years while sitting on your committee? Same as with the VA, all talk no action
Navy has a history of covering up investigations, you should know all about, good thing there's an independent investigation!
Whatever stress and strain on crew, how do ships with mordern technology crash like that? A freighter with drunken crew is one thing...
yes.
Wake up, Trump, and insist that the Navy is given enough money to keep all ships and equipment in top shape. If you don't, more will die!!
Serious Question : Is our military men and women fighting overseas receiving Combat Pay.If no then, Why Not?Even Trump calls it War .
So passionate for YOUR ship huh cancerous one.
Sen u laugh W u DNC pals after the knife u stuck in DJT to get back to work? We the American people are just collateral damage 2 U right
Must-read a missed opportunity for better healthcare thanks to John McCain
excellent article thanks for sharing. If they can't be trained they shouldn't be In Harm's Way!
Discussed Letters of Marque and Reprisal Vox Populi Iraq and Afghanistan 2009 on http://www.thegreenpapers.com  .  Congress decides how to use
Sequestration by your beloved obama killed our military. LITERALLY
Military powers of Congress discussed Article 1, Section 8 greater than commander in chief power of President.  When will Congress care?
Article 1, Section 8 http://www.archives.gov/founding-docs/constitution-transcript … gives Congress power coin money, regulate value.  President not allowed choose federal reserve
We have been cannibalizing planes in Korea ships in the Philippines, Japan etc for decades Nothing new here. Been screaming about it for yrs
This year $3 gets you 64 ounces of milk.  Next year $3 gets you 16 ounces of milk.  If other food, etc same inflation, you are worse off
You make $8 per hour this year and $16 per hour next year.  Are you better off next year?  Depends on inflation, purchasing power
Improve care veterans 2nd article.  Jobs disabled veterans, others discussed with harm of increasing minimum wage https://m.Facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154726992699151&id=688379150 …
Bulova helped disabled veterans get jobs for many decades.  Stanley Simon New York Times
Medical errors third leading cause of death USA in large part poor sanitation.  Florence Nightingale Hospital sanitation Harvard Contagion
Horrifying to see a VA hospital that looks worse than hospital on MASH TV show.  Please compare to Christian hospitals.
Members of Congress should have not announced visits of military hospitals, VA hospitals.  Both my grandfathers served in World War 2
2014 Kenneth Kizer Restoring Trust in VA Health Care New England Journal Medicine. Problems VA in Manchester, NH because Congress not care
Ironic how this ship was named after John McCain the Senator who has caused USA to take on the most financial water due to lobbyist interest
VA Health Care better Bill Clinton, Kenneth Kizer. Worse Bush, Republicans 2007 Washington Post It Is Just Not Walter Reed - VA, etc
Thank you. Not surprising.  Incompetence Bush, Congress got soldiers killed, injured 2010 Washington Post Sgt Giunta's Troubling Fight
He's been in the senate for ever and what has he done nothing except cause Havoc so he could get attention for his selfish self
I really think it is time for the senile old man to retire
answer the simple question who gave you the 9 million and by the way you've been pathetic with your response to Texas and to Florida
I don't read fake news
"Failing to prepare is preparing to fail."  

Benjamin Franklin
How much down time did WW2 ships have? RETIRE Brutus
If you can't handle stress you need a different career. Every sailor is trained, maintaining is supervisor responsibility. RETIRE Brutus
It would be wise when the Navy Ships switch on their AIS in high traffic waterways for identification for Commercial Vessels! Less incidents
A ship that has your family namesake & you are just now paying attention to reports?
Looking forward to you speaking on the deck of the McCain when we get all this resolved and the pride is back. For now, keep pushing forward
Like when you blew up 134 sailors and got pardoned by Nixon cause of who your father was.
THE SHIP AND THE LYING LIBERAL, McCAIN, ARE BOTH CORRUPT...AND DAMAGED. THERE IS NO CURE.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr 
Please allocate additional money for more maintenance & training for our @USNavy ships based in Japan.
Protect the people who protect US
warning or what, east are at war with you
Ships are underway too long. Not enough time/$$ spent on maintenance and crew training.
Thanks for sharing @SenJohnMcCain. I learned something.
OH look! McCain is trying to blame Obama for the unnecessary deaths of 17 Navy soldiers in 2017. This is low, even for the @GOP.
Apparently my car has better collision warning systems than the billion dollar USS John S. McCain? This was a lack of Navy preparedness.
seemingly, they had a believer, possibly more.
"one of these places i was shown of"
Jesus Christ, Him Crucified
And you were taught that a wet start was dangerous and not to do it! But 163 dead men later! You had to be transferred to another ship!
U.S. must astutely invest in our services.long over due. What have great warriors said...
FROM A POSTION OF STRENGH......now more than ever
Sick of your blather. You've been a senator forever, what did you do during that time to help the military?
Pretty much sums up your time in office! Retire ole man!!!!
We need to secure the Pacific
would like to read but can't afford a subscription to the WSJ.
Haven't you made enough money selling war? Please retire. Take care of yourself.
Obama destroyed our military. It is not debatable and lives are being lost because of it.
So "stress" makes you not see a big f-ing boat in front of you headed your way?

Let's worry about Hurricane Irma senator.
John 14:6
#Jesus said to him, “I am the #way, the #truth, and the #life. No one comes to the #Father except through Me.
Matthew 7:7
“Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
