traitor john and his wife nice photo lol
We don't give a rats ass about you touring folks around D.C.   We want you to get busy with impeachment proceedings.  Do your damn job!
And jobs in your district under threat if my Canadian customers spooked I can export large orders under NAFTA in 2018 /1
As a US manufacturer, I'm being invited to take your jobs to Ontario.  Tempting.  No heath care nightmares there.
Too bad they no longer think the same of us.
This kind of fluff serves to annoy rather than alleviate Mr McCain. It is insulting. There is a train wreck in our WH & Congress.
She is our Minister of Foreign Affairs! I hardly think it's fluff! I realize what's going on with Your President, but have some respect!
She's lovely...not the point. He has much more pressing issues than to be giving tours at this time.
Also Russia said they would lift her ban if Canada lifted its sanctions! Canada said no thanks sanctions remain!
My kind of woman!!!
Could she possibly do double duty and lead our country as well?
As a Canadian, this photo is an embarrassment to me.
Is this over filtered to prevent us from seeing your inaction in reacting to Washington burning? Failure to react is complicity.
And Canada has universal healthcare and prescription drugs that people can actually afford. Good job, Canada. We envy you.
As a Canadian mother of 5 girls I thank God for our healthcare. It might not be perfect but it's there for everyone.
Yes we are and we look forward to again one day not being appalled and terrified in equal measure by your administration
Sorry about that, we're trying down here.  I start every meeting with Canadian clients trying to explain how we have not impeached him yet.
Believe me when I say that Canadians have been on to Trump for over a year. My friends and family there truly thought he couldn't win.
Thank God because with the Russians in the White House we may need to move there! #DumpTrump #TrumpRussia

I wonder if she is aware she is being photographed standing w/a #fake conservative b/c she probably has core beliefs she stands on.
Move there
I n Iran of tomorrow  will be your host.
Mccain - Repubs are done with you. Just go away - preferably under a rock. Your treachery is shameful.
I hope Trump doesn't change this...
Tell that to tRump would you?
Wish you were a Valued Friend to America.
Value to push Sharia law like they did?
Shouldn't you be talking to your fellow congressman regarding getting t to resign.                         Yes, Canada is great.
C. Freeland & J. McCain 2 indiv'ls of intelligence & integrity. #canada150
I agree but Trump doesn't...
The time to do something and secure your legacy is now, Senator.
until Trump screws it up doing something unprecedented- funny how misspelling in tweet now is the word of the day
Thats fine but get trump the hell out!
You're supposed to B a hero! #DoYourJob! Trump's destroying US reputation & democracy  & @GOP is silent. You hold power=you're responsible.
The White House is burning and you are talking about the Canadians?!  OF COURSE they're great. We need action in the WH!
Thank you for being an awsome neighbor to us here in the US.
US needs more @SenJohnMcCain !
I love Canada but you need to get to work with letters of impeachment.
Can you put tour-guiding on hold for a minute and look into your party's leader and his obstruction of justice? We'd appreciate it, thanks!
Sen McCain, will you recommend Canadian style healthcare for the US?
you might want to convey that little gem of information on up to the top of the ladder who seems oblivious to that tid bit
@SenJohnMcCain is now a full-fledged member of #RussiaGOP #trumprussia, making LAME EXCUSES for @POTUS CORRUPTION & TREASON.
Love her! Thank you for being so gracious to our best trading partner instead picking a fight #ImpeachTrump
Canada loves our U.S. neighbour but we are really worried about your common sense. Please stop him.
Secret agent of Russia was in the White House with Trump! WOW!!!  What are you doing about THIS?
John excellent thanks great people up there!!! @JustinTrudeau
Too bad trump is going to build a wall to stop them from taking are dairy trade.
I guess being the head loon draws the rest in.
I wish you would explain that to Trump
cant not handle the responsibilities of being president you are going to wait until it is too late when he wants to get people killed SHAME
you your party is not honoring to uphold the constitution but support a Pres who is out of control violates high national security and
Sounds nice.  Now where is that independent investigation????
Please save our country!
HOW ABOUT SOME GUTS IN THE W. H.
Tell that to your nitwit friend trump
She can do public tours like the rest of us. U have better things to do like help force an independent investigation.  #Trumprussia
What do you call a man who aids and abets a traitor while speaking harsh yet meaningless words against him?

A traitor.
Welcome, Senator!  And thank you!  Hope you enjoy your visit!
So sad that many Canadian schools don't send students any more for artistic exchanges. They're too afraid of the border.
Maybe let Trump know.
#StopTrump #ImpeachTrump - we the American people can't take much more~! You'll still have a Republican president after this train wreck is
you know who gives a shit who you meet with you little stool pigen " not a dam soul"
So why are you not angry by Trumps revealing top secrets to russia!!I see  party before country#TRUMPRUSSIA#
Valued friend...whatever that means in 45's circus. @gop hypocrisy & cowardice knows no bounds.
Please retweet your message to copy @realDonaldTrump in on it---
He seems to have misplaced he crayon-covered flashcards on allies....
Before 45 took over.  Please hold him accountable for his potentially treasonous acts.  We the people deserve better!  Thank you Sir.
Does Donald Trump even know where Canada is?
Your President will ruin that alliance soon...
Nobody cares about this. Grow some balls & finally do your job! #ImpeachTrumpPence
Not for very long if you can't get Trump under control regarding intel.
RUSSIA.
Don't tell that to our Fake President.  He only likes dictators!
Sure after Trump insulted him! Good move but we ain't believing it!  We are now a lone wolf among our allies!
McCain, why am I following you?? Ugh. You're totally ineffectual.
You two plotting more ways to help the jihadis in Syria kill Christians and other religious minorities?
We also thank Canada for its support of LGBT people!
Can you immigrate to Canada please? #democratmccain #cernovich @PrisonPlanet @JackPosobiec
I hope she did not meet @POTUS! We would hate to see her grabbed and groped regardless of her marital status.
Give the orange shit gibbon a couple more months and they'll be our enemy. You're worthless Senator.
You are disappointing me.
if only you were in the oval office....
Thank you Senator.  Welcome to America's greatest friend and neighbor.
Canada's awesome. Now get back to work and get that traitor out of the white house.
Teach your photographer how to use a fill flash. Oh, and please say publicly: "Impeach Trump!"
Thank you for this tweet. 
Maybe you should Remind your @POTUS of that cause clearly he hates us!
Senator McComa wake up.
Careful Minister.  He's not to be trusted.  He likes guns and war... like... a lot.
Наверняка дочка бендеровца
she did an excellent job @Morning_Joe today rep Canadians & our relationship w USA "we are your biggest client"
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today. Think hard John
Good tell that to @POTUS
How nice of you. Trump Russia Senator, we aren't going to forget!
IM SURE PUERTO RICO IS ENJOYING ITS GOOD NEIGHBOR POLICY TODAY
Why your not President not tour job You lost Song Bird. Why don't you do your job.
Please retire sir!
Let me guess. She told you Canada will not be sharing any classified information with us. Amirite?
Trump faked bonespurs to dodge Vietnam and then said he preferred soldiers that didn’t get captured.  ***IMPEACH***
Your silence is treason addressed the 500 pound elephant in the room I was duped I really thought you were a good American
Did you show her the dumpster fire, uh, ahhh I mean Whitehouse?
GEEZ ITS SUCH ASHAME THAT MEXICO PROBABLY DOES NOT FEEL THE SAME WAY..GENERALLY UP IN CANADA THEY CALL US STUPID AMERICANS
NO THEY ARE NOT!
so is ISRAEL!!!   Stop touring and do something McCain.
Seriously! McCain, you're the Obi Wan Kenobi in the GOP--our only hope. For the love of country, do *something*.
Shame on you for not standing up to Trump.
#ShouldaUsedAFlash
did you give them any classified info?
