@SenJohnMcCain - You show real integrity.  Keep fighting the good fight.
So if he would have been honest with his constituents he wouldn't have been reelected. He knew that so he lied. You call this integrity?
I want honest politicians no matter what side their on.Integrity isn't just agreeing with me.It's keeping your word & being honest to voters
Unfortunately many are like you and don't care if their side lies.they don't want to hold their own accountable. I have called Cruz a liar
In 2008 Democrats called McCain a Nazi, racist, etc.  Notice the trend.  He defies Trump, now they love him & caring about honesty goes away
McCain embodies the archetype of hero.  A special man.
Prayers for him and your family.  If anyone beats this...it will be your father.  Stay strong. One day at a time.  Each precious.
Sorry for his struggle.  He's tough and will prevail but he has an awful adversary to defeat.  Pray for him.
Ewwww. What a traitor!!!!!
Butt hurt!
Not hardly
MSM likes McCain, except when he was running against one of their own.
Don't forget the 1st wife that waited for him, but he~
#backstabber
Yawnnnnn ....what'd you say ?
O@
He is a very good human being !!!
We thought men became cry babies when illness struck, McCain must not be that average man. McCain is a super man and looks every bit of one
McCain is our very own hero.
Sending you all my best wishes and many prayers as you struggle with your health!
John what about the bond with the people that elected you. Just reached my deductible in time for a new year. Yea! boo 
Dont always agree politically but what a remarkable human being which is more important!
A great man and a wonderful family.
So if he would have been honest with his constituents he wouldn't have been reelected. He knew that so he lied. You call this a great man?
Yes, we call him a great man
Yea I agree.
Always was, sir.
He has done more for the county than any of you dotards. And just because he cannot be bought by the Russian Oligarchs like DJT...
He has become a traitor
You're not a patriot he was willing to die for this country, did you serve
Yes I did.
Thanks for your service but someone is not a traitor because they don't agree with you. He was a war hero and a POW. It was uncalled for
And destroyed America’s health care repeal because he does not like Trump, how is the VA for your care, that’s right we pay for you, nice!
Didnt you cheat on your first wife ...the one in a wheelchair????
TRADER TO YOUR COUNTRY SIR... PLEASE STEP DOWN
Resign Mcan't
and made millions on the side.
#PAYTOPLAY
#TraitorMcCain
This isnt about politics. Put your cry baby ass opinions to the side &realize that he is a person. If you dont like or agree stop commenting
#JohnMcCain has a #fakeCancer diagnosed by #Crooks in #Mayo clinic in a few months they will say it's cured same w/#carter
I think its fake too
I SURE DONT
Show me one sign of illness on this guy
TRUMPS MENTAL ILLNESSES ??
No McCain.  My brother died of brain cancer.  This liar doesn't have it
EDUCATE YOURSELF PLEASE. MANY TYPES OF B CANCER& TUMORS. SOME PEOPLE CAN LIVE ALONG TIME.
No botface
Sen. McCain is not of my party but is a national treasure. Would that we had more like him.
You mean more Republicans that vote like democrats lol
Yes, more Republicans who vote with a conscience
Makes us want to puke.i pray to God he has mercy on your soul.
Retire and let someone who cares for the American people stuck on obumercare
When we here you say looking for best docs to treat your brain
Get lost already TRAITOR
Praying for you Sir! Thank you for your honorable service to this country from a humbled Veteran to an American HERO! I salute YOU..
Praying for you Senator
Wonder what the first Wife who he left feels about that?
Self serving junk
They are both heros. Thank you McCains from a Democrat.
This guy is amazing....
Senator McCain, I'm praying for your health, comfort & strength. I'm grateful for you sir 4 your love of our country,
& all you do,Bless you
Yeah did you talk about the first wife that he cheated on with this new one. Counterfeit
You are an American hero & the conscience of the Senate. I voted for you for president. The GOP & the pres need to take a lesson from you
Typical politician is what he's turned out to be. Tell the voters any lie to get into office then ignore what you ran on.
If my son had cancer, I would lose everything ...he is uninsured ..too expensive and useless deductibles... I work. Gerber school insurance.
Don't forget to run to CNN and MSNBC to cry
No Clint I would like the politicians to worry more about  regular people and not their bottom line!!
Cindy may move on and get a real man.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You 2 send out love!  Mama is ADORABLE!
You are an amazing man. I am so proud of you.

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Have no respect for john McCain who is a traitor.
Was it worth to support terrorists, kill people and remain warmonger instead of being for peace?Now he dies and no peaceful man will cry.
Thank you for your continued service to our country. You are a true hero.
I would have the opportunity to have insurance.
one of the most magnificent human beings in this country. despite his flaws ,I watch you with admiration , respect and much love.
His wife is a class act.
What a rino. Resign and get out of public life you hypocrite @SenJohnMcCain
I pray for you. Im thankful for you. You are a hero.
Senator John McCain, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
Brain Cancer renders the victim disabled.  I feel bad for McCain, but it is time to retire..
When prayers go up, blessings come down. Stand strong like you did as our war hero. Only God knows when for any of us.
John, you will be fine, because the country needs  you, I asked for your full and speedy recuperation.   Another battle, another victory.
Nothing but Love for you. I wish you well.
Not to mention his years  in viet Nam
Thank you for being a true patriot and standing up against the odds. We appreciate you and are rooting for you!
Once a fighter, always a fighter!! Give'em hell!
So when are you dropping the free federal medical and signing up for Obama care
Love you man...thanks for your love and commitment to the U.S.  You really put US First...through actions not just words.
Luv u @John_Mccain_1 .  It the best. I would cross party lines to vote for you.
Godspeed to a speedy recovery to Senator McCain. Our country needs you more than EVER!!  You are a hero and a patriot.
28th you salary & lobbyist MONEY you have done WHAT for the ppl?? @SeJohnMcCain tells us!! Don't lie - there are records.
Senator, thank you for continuing to serve America with principles we can all be proud of.  You are a good man.  Thank you!
Thank you for your service, humility and courage.  You are the model for all politicians - especially our Pres.  Best wishes in your fight.
He always was a traitor, look at military history, solid TRAITOR, and his political history, TRAITOR. He gave his presidential chance away.
Keep hanging in there, @SenJohnMcCain! And go see Dr Alan Friedman @DukeHealth. I am a brain tumor survivor because of him.
God bless you senator
Sending love @John McCain
We love you, we respect you. Now it's time to retire.
He really needs to retire & with his health issues he should NOT b allowed to make decisions for this country!
Thank you for your service to the nation, Senator.
How much $$ did he take to vote against OCare, that he screamed for years to repeal..
No different than any other families In America. We all have difficult times. There not SPECIAL.
God bless John McCain.
True Patriot to the core
Our American hero
I believe McCain is a good guy even though he is a Republican.  He has a brain and cares for the poor, disabled, elderly, and working class.
It's not where you start it's where you finish
It's a shame at your age to be known as a traitor
All the positive tweets are from Democrats, what does that tell us?  We need to #recall this baboon before it is too late.
#recall #retire
LIAR
May healing angels surround you and give you lots of peace god bless
REPEAL OBAMACARE
I don't watch 60 minutes but I do wish u & your family the best. Please, take this time & help the Vietnam vet's that r fighting Agent !
I'm praying for you Senator McCain. To me, you are a Hero and an  incredibly, amazing man!  http://wisdom-sa.blogspot.com/2013/10/govt-and-social-services-links-for-our.html …
If I had this cancer, I couldn't choose my doctor with my government healthcare. I'm just saying. #RepealAndReplace
He gets the best doctors because he doesn't use Obamacare. Wish him the best but he is screwing the rest of us.
Dear sir: Try inmunotherapy and Cuban Escozul!
I am so sad to hear of your prognosis. You are an honorable man. A hero to so many. I hope this comforts you during challenges to come.
You said you would repeal. Promised. Is that not as important as the integrity you speak of in your war hero days? You now hurt America
By you digging your heels in and going back on your word you now put others with this same dx in great peril. How do you allow this? 2/2
My father died from this same dx. BC he did not have O Care he had choices. Choices I know that others today  do not have.1/2
I  Sen McCain!  Thank you, sir, for your service to our country.  God bless!
What about his first wife that he screwed over...no mention of that
Your family will live with your decision to save Obamacare
God Bless you my brother in arms.  Prayers for your latest battle and for being a true patriot.
You are a true hero Maverick keep on fighting for life and our lives. We need more like you
I'm sorry but there is no one that is going thru Chemo and radiation and looks like that. If the rumors are true, this is despicable.
Yeah, well I survived him making bad decisions for me and so will my kids. McCain should retire.
Thank you for not letting them take our health insurance away! And everything else you have done for America you are a hero and We Know It !
Total timed PR piece interview to combat your poor approval ratings over resistance of healthcare.! Shame on you John!
Our prayers are with you senator! May God's healing power flow over you and in you and through you.
Very sad to see your personal suffering. Please do one thing to end the suffering of American people, vote repeal and replace of obamacare!
I did not vote for John because of his gradual moving to the left  I hope that there will be some sorta impeachment starting soon
Use your obama care. Oh that's rite where not equal. Oh use the v.a. oh that's rite you'll die waiting for socialist health care.
@SenJohnMcCain can't let another day go by w/o telling u how much I respect u. Learning from true Heroes like you what strength looks like
Politics aside, as a human being I feel Senator McCain is one of the strongest. A fighter, a hero.... I will keep him in my thoughts.
By this, do you mean the hatred for him?  He flushed his legacy with vendetta against Trump.   Screw the American people is his motto.
" Truth About Cancer" check out the site! You can beat this!!!!
I wish your health to be better! I also would like to see you step out of politics until it is better!!! The country needs you to step aside
At least you had a chance to raise your children; many in this  are dying waiting for treatment. Sad!
Very sorry to hear about the latest prognosis. Pulling for you. You're still America's hero.#AJ
Wish I could be 1/10 of the man you are @SenJohnMcCain. Thank you for all you have endured and done for us.
Taste lousy, act lousy, serve lousy......thats you, John.
Looking forward to your interview in 2027 telling us how you beat this too. <3
Traitor
I could no one there think of McCain as a Republican interview on 60 minutes was totally disgusting his hatred for Trump is out of control
So go away and stop destroying the People. Leave as a person who did right by us not as a memory who destroyed the chance to rid Ocare.
Sending my prayers, Senator. My father lived with multiple myeloma far beyond his doctor's predictions. Positive attitude is everything!
Wonderful, I am glad for you, but Question....are you on obamacare ??????
He is an amazingly strong man. Here votes with integrity for what's best for American people, not what Trump wants. McCain had always been
A political hero of mine. He is rock solid in his life and rock solid with his morals and values. OMGOSH, he was. POW! That means he was
kidnapped, tortured to give information, held until he was freed, not knowing if he would ever see his family and look at the kind of
You may disagree with him on some issues or some personal decisions he has made. But you cannot deny, as Prez Obama said, his greatness!
He &his wife enjoy the BEST Insurance available on EARTH! He is abusing the American people for revenge bcuz he hates Trump! It's disgusting
Senator, I'm a Cuban-American (a liberal, tho). I had the pleasure of meeting you & Cindy during the 2000 campaign. You are loved & admired.
“That’s a tuff SOB.”Only time that word should be used to describe any American!!!!!
What a truly brave and honorable man. Puts the like of the president to shame.
God Bless Senator John McCain a true American Hero!
So he is also like Hillary a 2x loser 
What does that yell you
Resign already 32 years is to long in office
How many veterans died waiting on the V.A. in Arizona. Take care of your own house JM
God the VA is a joke everywhere
Dear Sen. McCain, Please don't forget: the promise was repeal & replace with something better.  Where's the better?
@SenJohnMcCain A truly great American who continues to put Country over party.  Stay strong Sir, wishing you a speedy recovery.
Thanks Jon WE ALL LOVE YOU. AMERICA LOVES YOU! Trump is mentally ill! Please EXPOSE HIS SICKNESS before KIM UN kills us or Japan  HELP
Let us hope he doesn't survive this very long. The world will be a better place without him.
McCain please step down so GOP can move forward united to pass meaningful legislation including replacing Obamacare
& they are extremely wealthy so he can afford the best treatment that Obamacare doesn't provide. &then feel no sympathy for those he lied to
I love this guy. And I'm a dyed-in-the-wool Democrat.

2faced...turned your back on USA...I have a 22-yr daughter, full-time student, can't get ins... has Brain tumors, 2 heart issues, Etc. help!
Thanks you Senator McCain for having a heart to speak up.
2 presidential campaigns? When? He ran once and he accepted $$ to throw the election. He didn't even try to win! He was a paid puppet
Sorry for his health issue however he is definitely a RINO.
But at least he has healthcare that hasnt been threated shutdown to makewsy for taxcuts.

May not be on the same side politically but you are a man of honor, conviction -a true patriot! God Bless & fight like hell -we're with you!
Should be recalled! You're no longer for the ppl! #RepealAndReplace
You have  survived harder times.  A true inspiration always.
Oh please, go away, nobody cares. You lied to us, "repeal obamacare" and there is no honor in that.
Thank you John for putting people above politics!
John McCain and his family have a lot to be proud of and a remarkable history. The few that criticize him could never fill his shadow
Lots of americans have "raised their kids and weathered obstacles" -WITHOUT BEING AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THE NATION!!
And the man ACTED like a real president tonite - a real man ALWAYS admits when he's wrong - sorry that @realDonaldTrump didn't get the memo!
And they shall survive this as well!  For this we pray.
You're just jealous that Trump was able to win where you couldn't. Your only campaign slogan was "I'm a war hero". You're not an Ike.
I cook for people with cancer. Healing food tastes great, let me come cook for you. Tweet me back 
I might not agree with everything @SenJohnMcCain says,but I have major respect for him! #truehero
He's a traitor to Republicans
