How should our senators be treating Russian and US corruption aggression against USA and its citizens?
#Step1
#StopTrump2StopPutin
its ALARMING we still have RussianAgents in WH!!

#InvokeThe25th
#Impeach45
#TreasonUNACCEPTABLE
We have the Nuland docs and info, we know elements of US did the coup, u r partly responsible for the madness and mayhem..
God is that true????
Oh God! I had some respect for him as a patriot but now, I have none!
To continue to share to Russia that war against friendly nations is wrong. And for Russia to focus on war with terrorists ins
.@SenJohnMcCain 
But potus has been bought by Putin.
So now Russia can do whatever they want.
They likely will get their money's worth.
how about getting Comey to cooperate with Ukraine on Manafort investigation?
John you know it was a US coup in the Ukraine as does the rest of Europe so get honest with your people.
so why does the administration admonish NATO?  Sure get more $ from Germany & France.  Putin would love NATO gone. PLs fight!
Please save America from trump. This is wrong and dangerous. Please protect us again. Thanks.
.@SenJohnMcCain Please Read this John.  #StopTrumpRussiaAdmin
WE BELIEVE
I believe nothing about Trump and Russia. That's just stupid. He just knows they want to fight isis, common goal.
The fact that so many liberals follow your twitter feed demonstrates that you are widely regarded as a RINO not a loyal GOP.
LET US NOT WASTE A MOMENT!
DO WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE 
AND SWIFTLY
LIKE YESTERDAY!!
So, keep demanding an independent investigation of Russian/Trump ties. Treason will not stand.
NATO alliance falling apart, they are losing trust day by day. Wat next? Villifying NATO 1st step in new alliance w/ Russia.
It's time, Sir. Round up your men & women. Country first.
don't you think North Korea is of bigger concern right now since they just threatened to nuke us?
GAME ON: Roger Stone tells Sen. McCain he’s ready to testify under oath about Russia/2016 election http://twitchy.com/gregp-3534/2017/03/15/game-on-roger-stone-tells-sen-mccain-hes-ready-to-testify-under-oath-about-russia2016-election/ … via @twitchyteam
Dear Sir, you can smell it. Tillerson is bought and paid for. It stinks of graft and treason and Borscht. It's bad. #impeach
senator, your best move is to save your career and reputation, dump trump and his corrupt cabinet b/4 mutual immolation.
How about impeaching you to start!! #TermLimits
to check on his oil rigs
Where were u when Obama was doing just that?
Enough already. #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
we already did when we elected TRUMP!
we rewarded Ted Kennedy and Barak Hussein Obama for their bad behavior.
and there are definitely some signs of dementia showing....Give it up! The pigeons need fed. #warmonger #TERMLIMITS #MAGA
Your friends overthrew the elected govt. there in 1st place, u unleashed hell on earth....
how about you say something about the unbelievable disrespect al Frankens is showing for Judge Gorsuch!
is useless
the country is depending upon you. You seem like the only Republican who hasn't drank the Trump kool aid. #countrybeforeparty
That opening line doesn't have the force it cld coming from Washington.
YK
.Laughable. Start with Drain the Swamp from the corruption of the Ukraine Gov. That's the Problem.
nothing like trying to set foreign policy and go against president. Swamp
Call for an INDEPENDENT investigation.  Our country is at stake here!
Senator Mccain thank you for standing up to Trump when he is wrong. Your constituents should do the same.
John you are not God to reward our punish. You can never be stronger than Russia in Ukraine. Can Russia be strong in Mexico?
.....allow me to say that the reason one can not presently discern the 'fire' is because there is SO MUCH SMOKE!
.Agreed....and respecting the current Trump Team/Russia mounting circumstantials....
retire
unless you collude with Russia, then reward yourself with tax money.  Independent investigator time!  #RESIST
.....your @POTUS  needs to be investigated by an special prosecutor
Please. Trumpers had to be censured for blaming Obama   Almost treasonous #ImpeachTrump #CountryOverParty
Going to tag you as one because of your silence about the abuse of thousands of children by your butt buddy DUCE
This Nam on the ground combat vet says...two bad you sold out and were released. Better men died in contrast to a traitor YOU
why don't you do something about Russian and Trump Collusion? Make yourself useful old man!
He, John fears Trump! Trump will insult him if he ever takes him on! Scared Johnny! Na nana na na!
Gorsuch hearings need to be suspended while Russia Trump investigation is in process!
Anything to protect Biden's son's interest in the natural gas pipelines there, eh?
You & your old boys club.. wishing all your life to start WW3. RF is our Christian brothers & sisters.. fight globalism #MAGA
Thanks again @SenJohnMcCain .
respond first to the Russian aggressors occupying the WH and Congress. Otherwise this is just lip service. They r traitors.
Thank you for your constant support.
But that's the direction Trump is going? You can't have it both ways. Put country before party already !!!
Please encourage Secretary of State Tillerson to attend the NATO meeting instead of visiting Moscow.
Tillerson skips NATO 2 kiss Putin's ring. Has the GOP become 2 Shameless, Gutless &Greedy 2 act BUT quick w eye poke to US?
Why us tillerson now going to Russia. It's not to talk Ukraine. Possible a real big cover up of connections to trump
you hav a strange fetish
We are not he boss of #Russia genius.  How about some proof?  Oh that's right, they've been "invading" for how many years?
continue to get tough with Putin and his friends the trump family.
same can be said for POTUS.  We should not reward bad behavior.
Stop with the warmongering! You're a hero-plant yourself on frontline of Ukraine!
Wow, what a revelation. You could have asked that ques of any person on Main St. Update us when you have "real" breaking news
A lesson you could apply in regards to the current POTUS
Hmm, should we define SecState going to Moscow instead of #Nato as “rewarding bad behavior?”
USA  better to stop wast money on UN SO far Rusia and Chnia used to veto 5 times against civilized world regarding Syria
Tell that to the #PutinParrot and his Pandemonium (Group of parrots) in the Whitehouse, or do something about them!
A Medical Doctor needs to examine you for 'OBSESSIVE COMPULSIVE DISORDER"! Serious problem but you need HELP!
mayhaps we should leave russia n korea alone concentrate on usa rebuild infrastructure not build stupid wall avoid/end war
15+years of war death and destruction enough! avoid nuclear war I got grandkids get bannon trump pence ryan mcconnell OUT
sure dude .. pay up
No we shouldn't. I don't know how @RandPaul doesn't understand this.
SAIC promise a big bonus if you spark a conflict? 
When we have a White House that is Pro-Russia, Pro-Putin, Anti-Reagan - its up to folks like you Sen McCain and Sen Graham.
how do you feel about missing NATO
nor should we be defending them for it.
how are you going to handle North Korea threat?

