Read your speech? Mr McCain, American Conservatives have lost all respect for you and your gibberish.. Time to retire and take it easy !
Your old and out of touch please retire
Look John you're a Oliver Stone level movie star for your support of Nazi's
http://ukraineonfire.com/ 
The only speech I want to read from you is your resignation speech.
Oooooo, a little sensitive about your senile senator, aren't you?
Oh, BTW, attempting to insult me is wasted effort.
I have no idea what you mean....
Did you talk to congress about getting the American public the same healthcare plan you get? #pleaseretire
You are amazing Senator.
You should stay away from politics. Your jealousy reeks!!!
https://www.defense.gov/News/Special-Reports/0616_transgender-policy/ …   @ACLU  Sue!
And I also spoke to my wife about leaving the toilet seat back up when she's done using it talk is cheap action is another thing
@GOP @seanhannity Trust you? How much has the healthcare industry paid John McCain to take away your healthcare?
Senator McCain, I respect your stand up attitude. Please prevent anything from being attached to the VA bills. Good luck! 
only the little Marxist democrats showed up to hear you
Do something meaningful. You have tons of juice but you just can't get anything done.
So proud of you. Don't let POTUS get you down!
John, please do something about the mad king!
Love the GOT reference... those of us who watch it know exactly what you are saying!
Thats not what the Nation cares about Sen. We want a wall to guarantee that all crimes committed on Americans are by Americans. Get Well!!
Bullshit. "Americans" are immigrants who haven't gone back where the uninvited came from! Since GEORGE isn't Navajo I say u need to go too.
But what about healthcare?
McCain please RETIRED.  MR. YOU IS TRAITOR
The challenge you have with cyber security is the NSA collaborating with communists and terrorists.
@SandrajeanJohns @ASU Ignore! Your vote on repeal Obummercare put a knife in the back of American people. Hang it up sir.
go over 2 Houston, stand at shore's edge as the hurricane hits...who knows we might all get lucky if a really big wave hits...HURRY! #MAGA
One of the country's biggest cyber challenges is getting @potus off Twitter!
How about get something substantial done instead of a speach...or did you change your mind again?
Go back to school. U learned nothing.

You are my hero.  I wish I had a father like you.  The nation loves and respects you and wish you great health again.
Liar liar
Hey Johnny - see pic below and tell me who Arizona is proud of..?  Hint - It is not you!
The ones showing support for McCain are all liberal trolls
How you going to screw them? You pile.
Tax cuts for working class! Health Care!
Retire old man.
Senator, please help me to understand why Donald Trump can't be stopped from ruining our country?
How about healthcare
Did you sell liberalism....
"why dont YOU run." its ur job attention seeking zealot. WE have to raise families. NOT RETIRED HAS BEENS. get well.
"REPEAL AND REPLACE .. REPEAL AND REPLACE!" liar. saw a u tube video of a veteran truthfully scolding u for lack of productivity. u said...
Time to retire and rest.  No stress
And where were you last night? Only time you're too busy or sick is when it advances POTUS policies. Shame there is no 25th for senators.
Dude no one likes you resign and retire to the good life of not working. TRAITOR!!!!!

Thank you,Sir, for always being a hero! Prayers for your recovery.
No thank you #termlimits
John it is time for you to go on vacation,you done your job. Now it time for new ideas.
If you have insomnia read his speech it'l cure your insomnia in about 2 minutes
please retire and make room for actual republican candidates
No thank you.. you had one job!!  One!!
Stay strong, Sir. Our country needs you fighting for us. May you be blessed with the strength to keep fighting. Much respect. 
#TrueHero
This also applies to u!
@realDonaldTrump Should be your bigest concern, Senator. How can you sleep at night??
No thanks Mr. McCain it probably sucks as you do as a Republican senator retire please retire so this country can move forward
No one gives a damn what you think. Go away!
FU
Why?
Go appeal OBAMACARE like you promised. If you think it's so great you should be on it
Vote McCain and Jeff flake out
Nov thanks unless your willing to call Antifa a terrorist group.
True leadership!! Love @SenJohnMcCain 
Sorry I waste my vote on you.
You need to speak to all the American people you shut out from affordable insurance for their families.
John, it was debunked that "17" intelligence agencies concluded Russia intervened. Stop perpetuating that lie. Who proofs your speeches?
My prayers are with you daily!!! God bless you and your family.  Stay positive!!!
Thank you, for even with all your going through on a personal note you found the strength to stand for America not just your party. Godbless
I've never been a Republican, by my respect and admiration for you Sir have skyrocketed.
John needs to be voted out of office.
John speak to the hand you Transparent self serving wannabe relevant Mind deal. If we never saw you again it would be too soon. So Sad 2 B U
as if you are qualified.
At age 80, how would you know what the top cyber challenges are?
John look!  A propaganda media camera. Better run over to get in front of it.
U think the propaganda media supports you? They want the Rep Traitor  to say negitives. They don't like u, you are their Benedict Arnold
A legend in your own mind.  Look over there John! a camera- better run to get in front of it. Even better, it's your favorite,  USA Today!
Cyber security is a subset of security- not a superset. The lack of specifics & overuse of generalities are alarming. No command of subject?
I hope you don't suffer. Just pass away quickly and quietly. Please don't linger. Can't wait. Good riddance.
Love you Senator McCain. Thank you for being a true American heroe! We all love you and hope you get better soon!
What on earth would you know about cyber challenges, your so good at talk, but it's actions the country needs, just go away quietly!
shut up
Don't have time to read-busy trying to find healthcare that is not over $600 a month for just one person. I'm afraid to see a DR!
I hope you find healthcare,, every American deserves the same care as the senator receives
Liar.
You are America's greatest hero. All Americans love and respect you.  A fellow Vietnam vet
Thank you for being one of the few grow ups!
A grown up would've accepted the loss and moved on to MAGA
This from a man that can't turn off a lightbulb. Need more radiation. Lots of it.
Just 1 vote !!
As an Army vet trying to get into the cyber security field, thank you.
You had ONE thing to do. That's all. ONE thing. Get rid of ObamaCare. Did you do it? Oh, no. So ip your 'cyber challenges' and take a hike.
Why bother reading anything from you! Or hearing for that matter. You screwed us over 1 to many times!
Haven't got time to read your bullshit, Songbird
Repeal Obamacare. Tax cuts!
Praying for your recovery!!  You are a great American.
Implications are that the Navel and Air Force challenges are cyber, You can't hack a watch, eyeballs, maintenance and repair training
true #Maverick you are. I'm not saying this because you voted 'NO' against #TRyancare.You're truly amazing sir.
Enemy not "junior varsity":our govt agencies r w/o "legal authorities" to fight "dynamic threat" of our "physical" & "bureaucratic borders."
Traitor.
Thank you Sen McCain for doing your job. You have always held your head high, held up with the honor and dignity our country was founded on.
You are a great man!
Instead of giving speeches - pass healthcare reform, tax reform, immigration reform, pass wall funding. DO something constructive.
you sorry SOB you need to explain why you voted no on repeal of Obama care. I bet you get the best health coverage!!
Can't believe the ugly comments I see here. Get well soon .
RESIGN
Is you a threat to national security
A threat?? He is a hero,, you owe your freedom to men like him
No not today he's trying to take it away he's a traitor to the president and nation he's a leftist now takes money from foreign countries
Ignore above, not worth it! You are a lost cause!!! Please leave our country now!
Yes, my country. Every generation of my family has served, including my grampy in WW2 and my uncles in Vietnam&in wars since.U R a hero too
DISAPPOINTED YOU NOT SEEM TO BE ONBOARD WITH @POTUS  REPUBLICANS WON THE ELEC  WITH A HUGE ELECTORAL COLLEGE  DECISION
An electoral victory ranked 46 out of 58 total Presidential elections is hardly considered huge when considered in context.  #KeepDreaming
Retirement?!?!
What would you know, you're just a RINO dinosaur! #RecallNow
let me guess. Russia, russia, russia
Praying for your recovery Senator. U are a real patriot! PS: please impeach Trump.
Go back to Washington keep what you have promised for 7 years and repeal Obama care. 1vote 
Mr McCain is in AZ receiving treatment for brain cancer. Please show some respect and humanity. Enough!
Really  do you have no shame?  You who was given a dossier about POTUS and it was fake
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-russia-idUSKBN15H244 …
Maverick, in light of recent events what are your thoughts on this odd change by @SecretaryRoss ??
When are you going to resign, traitor!
A relevant and important subject that a leader should give attention. How refreshing.
I hope your health improves.  God bless.
when call the Antifa a terror group?  They are a problem because people like you have not condemned their behavior! All violence is wrong!
Pls support Trump in all things! How embarrassing for you to be called out by him last night! 
Proud Of Sen. McCain! Stand tall and battle thru this disease for remission and to keep representing US citizens against a mental DT!
DT has
Clearly we need healthcare reform by the remarks here against the President of United States. The butthurt is deep
Our biggest challenge is our lying dishonest self serving POTUS. Not elected by majority voters. You must lead congress start impeachment.
you need to look up and study Electoral collage
One vote away from Obamacare repeal.  Stop talking and go away.
Wouldn't waste my time.
Unreal to see so many question your service & valor, fight on sir
Impeach Trump!
You leave the country.
You are an inspiration sir. Keep up the great work, and God blesd
*bless
Time to drain the swamp you must go
Please get behind @POTUS! #OneVote Yours kept us from repeal and replace
How about the #gop and the #democrats #ShutItDown until @realDonaldTrump resigns or is impeached? #TrumpResignNow  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Over the hill.......
TRAITOR! RESIGN !
@realDonaldTrump TRAITOR! RESIGN! I fixed it for you. You're welcome.
Why is he a traitor? Because he didn't want to see 20 million without healthcare? Because his party couldn't get a decent bill ready in 7yrs
if you want to do something for this country- impeach Trump! you may not have liked Obama, but he was not the nut job this ahole is
Obama was way worse.  We've wasted 6 months undoing his 8 years of non sense.
Isn't the greater challenge a lunatic with nukes ? (especially the one in the White House ?)Time to constrain POTUS nuke authority.
U r one of the most corrupt politicians ever .. soon the American people will know how corrupt Washington is
Take care of yourself,  don't overdue it.  Drink lots of water. God Bless you!
You are a confusing mess.  Yes, speak on college campus, how perfect
No thanks
Trump blocked @votevets because we disagree with him
HE IS USING VETS AS A VAIL
#VetsAgainstTrump #impeachTrump #TheResistance
Senator McCain. You are a hero, sir. Thank you for standing up for your colleagues. And for a decent America.
Trump on my twitter feed is my number 1 cyber challenge at the moment. You just keep on staying strong for America.
No thanks! Need to retire!
I printed it , then wiped my ass with your words.
or just watch every episode of Black Mirror
Please stay strong against @POTUS and get well soon.
I think there's been a mistake: the Confederate traitors spelled their names HATFIELD, not Hetfield. Get that fixed.
how are you feeling sir?
Nutty
RETWEET if you love McCain
LIKE if you love Trump
MrMcCain, Thank you! Forever the HERO!
Keep on the right side of history 
Too late, his sins are too commonly known, do some research
no way
