The Senate has agreed to the motion to go to conference on the #FY18NDAA and named all SASC members as conferees.
You must prefer communism. There are plenty of socialist countries in Europe. Give them a try.
If you loved it so much, why are you here? Where did you dig up the Putin garbage from, communist news network? “CNN” Try again. Fake news
Yes you can. Tell me how your life went bad with Trump. You talk like a socialist. I put thought in my employment for the future.
My wife worked at a hospital, and they treated people without insurance. Just wrote it off. I’ve never known them to throw them out.
Can you get the impeachment going on Trump? Pretty please!
Convict Obama and Hillary first. That garbage needs to go. Trump is the man. He has the balls that office has needed for decades.  MAGA
Yes I’m sure he has orange balls
Haha, there goes your mind, back in the gutter.
The budget cuts essential services to pay for tax cuts that will almost all go to the riches people in this country.  Please reject it.
Are you afraid of missing your freebies? Be responsible for yourself.  I guess those who pay taxes, would like a break. No deadbeats please.
I've been paying directly into Medicare since I was 15 years old.  Cutting it to give tax cuts to billionaires isn't fair.
You should be afraid of the dems. They are the ones that spent all the S.S. monies, and tax it too. Learn the truth. No more dem scare lies.
Why didn’t you and the Rep majority take care of that years ago. Don’t forget the new healthcare, and tax reform. Remember those?  MAGA
Bergdahl should swing. A POS traitor and deserter.He isn’t worth the shit it takes to cover him up.
Thank you Senator @SenJohnMcCain - let us (American people) know if POTUS comes after you - we will be behind you...always
Who? You, Hillary, and Soros?
POTUS has made sure all Military is getting what they need. He has strengthened Military N 9 MO. He did it without U McCain. U get no credit
no he hasn't but pit doesn't surprise me you don't have a clue how government works.
I don't have a clue? I have a Senator with Brain Cancer representing me. Not supporting the POTUS. He needs to quit.
yes, maybe replace him with a criminal!  We know you ppl have to time for truth, or values!
Criminals used him telling him of made up Dossier. He was used like a square of TP and took it straight to FBI just believing it was true.
i kind of feel bad for you, but your choice is yours.  Have a great year.
Feel bad for me if you choose. However I am a happy man.  just mad at myself for voting for McCain. Self absorbed Senator, it all you McCai
Mc Cain is self absorbed lol?  Trump cant get out of his own way bc he needs everyone thinking he is great.
You don't want to pass anything that helps the people
The ship was not named for Sen. McCain, but for his father, a Silver Star sub commander, & his grandfather, a pioneer of carrier operations.
you never stood with troops....... you stand with isis
I want our military to have what they need.  Is there oversight? We have to cut waste and spending. NO privatizing VA. NO dismantling VA.
@SASCMajority Sen McCain has obstructed military concealed carry every chance he got.  Will be so glad when he’s no longer Chairman. #2A
How does giving the top 1% huge tax cuts without specifying where they're coming from help the troops? Money must come from somewhere...
My brother is in Iraq.  God bless you, sen. McCain!
God bless your brother and his fellow troops in Iraq.
and compensation..but we should not forget that mentally ill folks are living in the bushes and are languishing in jail cuz lack resources
How's that brain tumor? Soon the worms will have you to eat. #fakewarhero 
Sincerely, your friendly neighborhood tolerant liberal.
Troops or jihads????
What about health care ? Did you work with your colleagues then ? Or are your colleagues democrats ?
Thank you Sir, I salute you!

Since when do you care about the TROOPS... I remember that pic you took with ISIS... ur a TRAITOR!
Congratulations Sir #POTUSTrump works hard on Iran & it is a tough battle, he is making the right calls, please Sir Help Him Out #ExpelIRGC
you are and will always be a hero to all Americans.  Thank you for reminding us of what this country stands for!
Sir I'm not a Republican but have total respect for you & that's a lot for me to admit  God-bless prayers are with you & family

I look forward to your retirement! #termlimits
Thank you
That's you, John...war, war, war and nothing more.
How about us. You work for all of us not just those in uniform.
Hope you plan a conference Clinton crimes as well
Let's see if you actually do what you say. You have a bad history of lying ya know!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
the lowest of the low are the morons who think they know anything.
You look forward you Bull shitter remember there's a lot of us from VN Johnny Mac
No more war for profit!!!!!
Somebody get McCain a wheel chair and please take him home..... he's outta touch with the people and his party
You need to go, like yesterday.
you do for saying that.  You have no morals, and are either ignorant or just un American.
Another bot to block. Great. You really need to come up with better lines.
Too bad we couldn’t Conference  health care reform.  Huh, john???
#retire
The biggest liar in Congress. At least Pelosi and the democrats vote like they say they are going too. Sad to say I believe them more than u
All you have to do to get away from @realDonaldTrump is run away from him.  He won’t be able to follow you what with his heel spurs and all.
If only you had felt that way about over turning Obamacare. I'm retired and my insurance is gone up 86% in the last two years. U betrayed us
Curious why didn’t you do this a long time ago you are so full of it!
You don’t look forward to working with your colleagues in the house you’ve Benedict Arnold I would never have believed I voted for you once
Wish you had  Americans health care,  problem solved
I agree also vote for tax reform and health care or stay home for good
I love  you Senator McCain. Thank you for showing that courage, character and leadership matter.
Thank you for all you do for our Country. Pls don’t allow that man to get away with all his nonsense. Please impeach!
You should not be allowed near anything dealing with the American troops overseas-Traitor-You have to support wars-Your Buddy Soros profits!
You complained about Trump spending more than you wanted to. Your a really bad person
#retire
How about working with your colleagues in the Senate to get the middle class & small businesses the resources they need?
ASS----- How about Health Care  7 years of lies . Joke you are
@realDonaldTrump Senator can we start working on Article 25 so the rest of the country can get some relief too?
Impeach trump
You could’ve freed up some money for NDAA by fulfilling your promise to repeal Ocare! Liar

WHERE'S KATE'S LAW, TAX CUTS AND HEALTHCARE?????
@Italians4Trump ......problem is these days McCain REFUSES to work with his REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES to pass anything....you can count on that!
Your colleagues are in the minority in house and senate, songbird Johnny
Why don’t you work on getting the vets what they need? That’s right, your rich ass forgot about them.
It’s time you resign from the Senate. CNN could use you.
Hope you work on the rest of the agenda too and not against! We need Congress to work for the good of our country
John know you will get done for our Troops and Nation
You are looking forward to actually working? Oh my God I do believe in miracles
One Vote Johnie all u r concern about is ur legacy at this rate is  step down
YOU ARE A GREAT MAN AND HUMAN BEING!  AS LONG AS TRUMPUTIN stinking up the White House & embarrassing our country you'll never get anywhere!

If he threatens you. I say-"bring it on."
Tax Cuts,  Tax Cuts, Tax Cuts 
If Trump did respond to your "half baked Nationalism comment" by saying at a certain point he'll fight back and it won't be pretty.
Yeah so you can yet again vote no, you traitor to republicans and Arizona
And yet you will vote against tax cuts for the rest of us....
like you think your taxes are getting cut lol?  Non reader I take it?
Senator McCain I'm a Desert Storm veteran. And I just want to say you have something in you that Mr. Trump will never have. TRUE LOVE 4 USA
You are a traitor! You have betrayed the trust of those who voted for you, just to get petty vengeance on @POTUS.
I love how you stuck up for yourself against this dotard President we have he should be ashamed the whole country is ashamed because of him
Running government as a family office. Disgrace
In the rest of the world he is the laughing stock. We need a sane USA to keep balance in the world
Trump is there only to prevent trump organisation to go bancrupt and to enrich himself.
Had you voted for that bill, on repeal and replace Hussein care, you could’ve taken that to conference. Going with the POTUS not in your 
some actually do put country first and he is a true American hero.  You are un American with no values.
FU
You were griping the other day because we gave to much, typical Democrat.
Afghanistan 
What is the mission?
What are accurate personnel deployment numbers?
What is time line?
What is exit strategy? 
Heller silent
will you just resign and go away. If i wanted a Democrat to represent AZ i would have voted for one.
John-the WHOLE country really wishes you would LEAVE office.  Go take care of your health....PLEASE
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for standing up for the citizens of the USA
You'll always be a true hero! No matter what the man in the white house with the orange skin and hair says. Stay strong!!!
RESIGN You BUM !!!
until Trump supports it then you will piss on it. GO AWAY!
The people of America and Arizona all look forward to the day your no longer in congress being nothing but an obstructionist. POS McCain
Americans know the difference between a true American patriot and gero and a handful of ignorant people.
We are so blessed to have you as our advocate, voice of reason and common sense. Thank you!!!
Mr McCain just know this, your legacy is already stellar, but your stance and fortitude for what is right, will be remembered!!!!
Remembered as an obstructionist!
only to those ignorant enough to believe everything they hear from a moron.  Go to school.
Please retire
How about getting them the leadership they need before throwing money into a dark hole. WH, Congress & many military leaders are inept.
Maybe you can talk obummer and Hillary to try again. They are real rocket scientists. Bottom of the barrel, but what else is new.  lol
We don’t quite see eye to eye on policy but I have the utmost respect for you Sen. McCain! Don’t let them sell us out!
Sad that another bill is required for this.
Shut up #traitor! You mean your #LeftistIdeology You'll go down in #History as an #AntiAmerican #Traitor when we boot him he will support NK
GFY SongBird.


Yes, I'm sure it's the troops you care about...

 too bad the ones on that ship you crashed into didn’t have supplies.
He is such a POS. Now he is not voting for the tax cut bill. Get rid of this RINO!!!!!!!!
Why are they asking so much more than the administration requested?  I would think the $700billion would cover it?
You need to retire, you're not making good decisions. Maybe this one, but very far and few in between.  We all know you're a liberal
Why don't you focus on replacing Obamacare, you promised us that, do tax reform, build the dam wall, Stop you self promotion, or fade away.
*
As Co-Event Host I'm looking forward to  Kick-Off Event 4 @kelliwardaz Bannon leading a nationalist conservative revolt-Bye Bye @JeffFlake
no one who loves this country will be there.
Retire
You promised the voters to repeal Obamacare then voted against repeal!! How can we believe anything you say now, Liar!!!
Tell your colleagues in the House that you have over 50 Million Bipartisan Citizens United! #RideWithMcCain
Get blue water Navy veterans their earned agent orange benefits before they die look forward to doing that
Your true colors have been shown.  are you a Republican or a Liberal in Republican clothing?
#BeATrueRepublican
#StandWithTrump
#MAGA
So bad, certainly not a good leader and not because of ur current actions, because ur an old foolish politician, sad
Beneath pathetic !
If this is so important why have you been talking about it for the last six months? Just get it done. RETIRE Brutus.
Thank you for not being scared to speak up and stand up for Americans!! 
HERO! Thank you
Looking forward to seeing you cry like a child when your globalist war mongering apostate traitor ass is kicked out and LOCKED UP for ever
Liar hypocrite and traitor to Americans especially Az voters
Thank you
I've disagreed with you many times, but thanks for your service to America and honesty regarding Donald Trump.
Well said. We don't have to always agree with his politics but the man is a true hero
Thank you sir.
OMG NO Johnboy!! No no, please just let them work it out, let Trump take care of this please don’t do or touch anything, please
Let's just go Impeachment instead eh? It would make any legislative agenda much easier for all!
We all know he’s a liberal.
Still lots of work to be done on healthcare, tax reform. Start working for the people. Remember, YOU are receiving the best care now.
Great point, do you think we have access to the Health deal McCain does?
Neocons gonna neocon...
. TRAITOR  nobody likes your weapons sales in mega endless needless wars
you mean some Dems get to have a say on an issue? Quite refreshing. @TheDemocrats
It’s better if they don’t. The Democraps can screw up a wet dream. They have been doing that for ever.  MAGA
Be a lot better to make peace, end the Neocon wars, and bring them home and create an economy where everyone has health care and a chance.
You make your own way. You need someone to hold your hand. Grow up.
Work on Tax cuts! WE need them. Stop this Bullying us. We don't care if you HATE the President!
McCain finally found an issue to vote & look positive on. Too Late Buddy. Your Dear John Letter is in the mail.
John, thank you for your powerful speech.
Why even lie about wanting to help? You are an obstructionist in the Senate.
#Retire YOu old fart
Hello Mr McCain. Senator keeping you in my prayers. Hope your healing and will fully recover soon.
Keep going strong against Trump and his ilk. They will say terrible things about you when you're gone - say what you have in your heart now.
You don’t look forward to working at all..
Wether you agree with his politics the man is an American hero
Please remove House Oath of Exit language intended as no-suicide compact -we know it can backfire lethally. Support true suicide prevention.
RESIN
Resin? What does tree sap have to do with this?
go work from home and do the right thing for America "RETIRE"
You be ashamed of yourself. Go away.
I'm a Democrat and I believe you are an American Hero.

Keep fighting against spurious nationalism!
