That's a valid startpoint to fixing healthcare.
Time to UNDO the kiss-up deal Bush 43 made w/ drug co's and allow negotiation of prices!  PEOPLE over corporations!!!
WOW YOU SENT A LTR URGING, HOPE YOUR SECRETARY DIDN'T BREAK A FINGERNAIL.
@realDonaldTrump Well Senator, I actually agree with you on this one!
SAVE THE ACA! @SenJohnMcCain
Hopefully it can work this time, if the right people haven't been bought and sold by the drug manufacturers. #electionreform
time for you to supporting president Trump.
I like it!
. Now that is a noble effort
It was the GOP & Bush who prohibited the importation of prescription drugs from Canada.The GOP sold out to pharmaceuticals.
Thank you!!!
From.Nurse Mimi  Dont u feel that people deserve the same healthcare as Congress ? We need good healthcare same as you
leave our drugs alone. US takes em all we got nothing left!
You should have pushed this with the Dems while Obamacare was going bankrupt, gutless in war, gutless in politics, RINO scum
Thank you!  I'm going to need my anti-depressants after witnessing Trump's f**kery and your inability to do anything about it
Thank you!!
can you and @CoryBooker work something out together?  #Bipartisanism
Better yet, regulate big pharma. Start by disallowing direct to consumer advertising. Dangerous. Cheaper in Canada bc of regs
Fast track of our Trump Cabinet Members?
So what are you doing about treason in the White House?
your doing propaganda and promoting for a war against Russia trying to sell a war to the American public which could be a
a nuclear that will not only effect humanity and our planet but others lives in the galaxies they matter to John
.@SenJohnMcCain   Thanks for trying to bring drug prices down. Now try to bring the president down. Please!
He has been in office for years and done nothing.
pharma is taking advantage and gouging patients. let's by drugs from canada. support free market here in us
Sir, is there not anything that can be done to regulate online pornography? Anyone can access anything, including the young
Be sure to give Price and the rest of the Cons in @GOP enough time to make an investment before he puts a policy in place.
Thank you
Thank you!  You're an American hero who's survived great adversity.  Please help save our country.
Fast track INVESTIGATION! Americans deserve facts #TrumpRussia & taxes if there are conflicts! #InvestigateTrump #TrumpTaxes
thank you Sen. McCain. Wish you were Pres. instead of the clown we got.
maybe Vlad could tell President Temper Tantrum what they have for healthcare in a valentine?
clearly you're not taking your medication John.
Who cares about this. We're about to be overtaken by Russia. 1 focus now--save this damn country from these crazy traitors
Save Medicare+let me buy into it! Force medical providers 2 stop limiting care. Investigate Trump! Not a long list.
Want to see you get behind the President. If you love this  country, stop the Intel leaks, investigate and fire people.
stay on track...Russia and trump taxes.
WHAT ABOUT RUSSIA? Or are we 'past that? '
Nice Job. Thanks from a Dem supporter.
How about doing something about price gouging AMERICAN drug manufacturers?
Country before party. Investigate white house involvement with Russia. Demand trump release his taxes/business ties.
Can we trust the drugs from Canada?
Terrified our democracy will not withstand officials who do nothing. Stand up for our country, our constitution.
you are the future of the Republican Party who will stand up to Trump.
Focus.Stand up. Where are Trump Taxes?Who owns him? Call for an independent investigation& find out about Flynn and Hacking!
And allow Medicare to negotiate prices
Yeah, that's nice, but didn't the Senate just vote  down this budget resolution amendment proposed by Bernie Sanders?
Thank you Senator for your willingness to buck orthodoxy in favor of common sense.
why import from Canada, why can't we have our own US price model w/ mega cost savings.  The US basically subsidizes pharma $$
Flynn broke the law and we don't know how far it goes. Investigate. #DoYourJob
@InfoPasser don't you think u and @GOP should b ordering an extensive investigation in2 the Russian conflict of interest @WH?
Good step forward. Now work to keep the ACA going, and start pushing to investigate Trump and toddies connections w Russia
Junior Bush stopped the ability to purchase of drugs in Canada. Cant the republicans make up their mind?
bravo
Yes. We're behind you on that all the way.
Wow, finally agree with you on something.
Soon you will also be complicit in a crime if you do not investigate. Just a heads up.
you need to lead your party to stop this fraud. Demand his taxes and find out his ties to Russia. Be the man we hope u are
Thank you for hsving drugs imported. I appreciate it. Please convince other RNCs 2 start Russia investigation.
@steve_mikulic sending a letter is about the extent of his level of action too.. sadly.
expect his resignation asap the way you and your pal Democrats are digging.
I read it and I like it. It's a start.
thank you !! Now go investigate the  Russian trump connection
Ha! Good going!
HOW ABOUT YOU DO YOUR JOB AND CAP PRICE GOUGING BY PHARMACEUTICLES! while you are at it, Impeach Trump for treason
Thank you, Mr. McCain!
You've sold us out on all the Cabinet picks! Do something right & start the investigation into Trump, Bannon, Pence & Russia!
what about investigating the putin and trump communications. Americas democratic system is at jeopardy.
how could this be the letter you write TODAY? Cmon. Flynn . Trump. Russia. Tax returns. These are good hints
@ChuckGrassley @amyklobuchar This American with type 1 Diabetes thanks you for your bipartisan effort. #Insulin4all
# dead taxpayers
who determines safety? your party wants to gut regulation in exactly this area.
looking forward to the investigation into the Trump/ Russia investigation! Don't continue to keep your head in the sand
thank you for thinking of that. Keep ACA and improve it for the US citizens.  And oust 45 and Pence et al!!!! DO YOUR JOB! TY
Where HAVE you been Senator? Americans  have been suffering and paying astronomical prices for years!
Good. Thank you.
please retire & take boy toy Lindsey with you !!
When are you going to retire?
Sen. McCain is really a jealous democrat!!
Sen. McCain, you are fitting in with all the other Lefty's.
Thank you. The real question is why can't we negotiate to get a better price to begin with? We shouldn't HAVE to import.
Thank you, Senator
but that blows our R&D budget out and no new drugs. We make the new generation meds here in USA
You expect him to HELP Americans? HAHAHA, only if he can make a buck himself, and then probably NOT. Wrecking Ball Cabinet !
I believe President Trump is already taking care of the prescription drug problem.
yea right. That's not gonna happen to much money
time to retire!
Sen McCain,Trump is taking the Rep. Party   down, no respect, can't his own party do something, he is scary
John McCain  is nothing more than a TRAITOR! Get out of the Senate.
That's very progressive of you. Sure you're not a liberal?
Russia. Russia. Russia.
you are a traitor to your party
Yes he is! TRAITOR
finally something positive from your corner. How refreshing.
This is important, but right now we need you to lead on the Russian investigation.
Thank you!!!!
you guys need to focus on getting Trump impeached! He's putting us (the people who pay you) in serious danger! #impeach
that would be really great
Why do the same drugs products sold to Mexican + Canada made by USA companies cost cheaper there? Nobody cares about our us.
thank you Senator!!!!!
excellent
Odd that we allow M&A to concentrate market power w/ corps but not w/ Gov.  Why do you think Canada has such low prices?
thank you!
not the subject for today. Read the room.
Thank you, Senator McCain for standing up for Americans and not the drug companies.  Please keep up the good work.
why did you all give the man such a hard time...now you all want fast track...you guys simply amaze me.
thank you, Senator McCain
A whole letter!  Wow! Let's here you speak up about things! Country's going to hell fast.
And where have Canadian drugs been for the last 8 years? 894/899
we need an investigation into flynn ties to the Kremlin
Yes!
ur the worse, I believe in Trump
Thank you Senator McCain .
If Pres Trump is culpable for the Gen Flynn situation, then why isn't Pres Obama - who knew the whole time - and did nothing
why not fast track a bill not to profit on medications?
I believe survival after being captive is a no brainer. My best friends are/were prison of war
Please make this happen.  I will take back every bad thing I ever said about you if you can just make this happen.
I applaud the measure, but @GOP leaders could have written this letter during the last administration. Why wait until now?
...And what about the dumpster fire in the white house?  Any thoughts on that?
take it to FBI see if it's Legal Information on export or import
I'm sorry didn't Bernie just get shut down for having the same idea?
Why do we have to import presc drugs from Canada to get lower price.  This sounds Washington dumb!  Sec Price  can fix.
why are the drugs so much cheaper in Canada. Easy. Your companies are stealing from the gov and the American ppl. 6k epy pen
will you support #TermLimits ?
RETIRE!!!!!
I appreciate that ure doing & saying some good things, but u can b a real hero & save our democracy if u so choose
How about AMERICAN PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES have free market incentives to LOWER THEIR PRICES?
Taxpayers guarantee your healthcare for life...time to return the favor. #InvestinAmericans
why import them why not just tackle big Pharma?
John focus on the real issue. What did trump know and when did he know it
You can't save yourself now. We all know that you are a corporate flunky and care nothing about "TAX PAYERS"
Thanks.  When does impeachment start! Do it before we die and dont need those drugs
Good.  Now Let Medicare Negotiate Prices.
Good job. Thank you
Don't drop the pen yet! "Dear GOP Pals, this isnt about party.This is about country. We need investigations & accountability"
agree!
How about sending a letter about a non-partisan special prosecutor to investigate this whole Russia ordeal?
how about an investigation on all the leaks that are going on in the White House
Heartbreaking & timely show about Oak Flat AZ. "Apache Stronghold" on Vice. Have you seen it?
impeach orange stoxnet
#Good job!
Ok, but don't we have more pressing matters right now? Like treason and governmental instability??
thank you senator McCain. That is a great thing to do
You are way behind, @potus did that 1st wk in office,Y dont you Keep up with the folks that work 4 U & steal from computers?
I am thinking you have higher priorities right now.
thank you for this it is very needed.
cool, can we fast track the Flynn/Trump Russia investigation too please? Our national security is at risk.

Thanks,
America
his resignation and apology is enough. Let's move on. Lots to do like confirming the rest of the cabinet
you apologize when you spill milk, not when you are compromised by an enemy state and undermine the American govt
I don't drink milk
trump don't want that, he wants to enrich drug co with tax breaks and deregulation
thanks.  I'm sure that's what's on everyone's mind at the moment.
Please publish the names of those who oppose such an importation of drugs from Canada. They are paid off by drug lobbies.
All of them
thanks Senator!  Looking forward to the investigation of Flynn and Russia ties as well
and in the meantime are you ignoring the elephant in the white house.. Obviously
thank you!
Thanks, John, but what about that little issue with Russia owning the Oval Office? #impeachnow
Find a timeline related to your divisive whining.
Yeah, and Putin is playing you like a fiddle too.
