Still funds killing babies, sanctuary cities and everything else the Dems wanted...congress is a sad joke.. well the republicans at least
Isreal also funds abortion- in fact it's has one of the most liberal stances on abortion in the entire world-does that bother you too?
are you proud of $120 million for trump security so he can vacation every weekend and the family live life of rich & famous?
Screw you, McCain.  The funding agreement also fully funds Planned Parenthood, so your support makes you a murderer.
How long R u gonna let #traitorInChief stay? How many brutal dictators will tour WH 1st? Will u B honored 2 meet w Kim Jong Un 2? #Impeach
4 trillion dollars/Iraq= 10k to every man woman and child in America. 3.5 million homeless and 18.5 million vacant homes in US. War Rages on
if you keep digging deep enough you will find something to brag about. Stop overlooking the real stuff.
I am very pleased to officially leave the Republican Party and register independent. Your budget was a let down. @JeffFlake @RepOHalleran
But will it include funding for our civil war vets?? @realDonaldTrump  doesn't seem to know much about it.
For every interpreter 1000 refugees go back.
Kindly introduce a bill to keep Trump off the golf course and have him sit through history lessons on weekends.
I will only agree to this bill if you spend every weekend in your house and you work about 80 hours per week .He should be able to destress
You evidently took my comment far too literally. Nevertheless, I hope you were making the same argument during Obama's 8 years 
You know they didn't- every week they had to comment on what he was doing! Honestly Presidents should have to take a damn history test-
"Oh. Johnny I apologize I forgot you were there. You may go now." 
Doc Holiday, Tombstone

Please go sir! And please take Lindsey with you.
You're goddamn useless. The Vietnamese should've kept you in a box.
I cannot believe how quiet you are on #Trumprussia Country>Party Sickening how @GOP has become party for ultra rich & nobody else
This is a stinking budget bill and all Republicans know it. Veto it Mr. President!
That makes one of us who is pleased.
Mistake
Time is REALLY running out 2 do the RIGHT thing. #CountryOverParty #trumpRussia #impeach History will NOT treat you kindly, sir.
Yes! They stood with us, we need to stand with them.
Taqiyya, furthers the cause of Islam by deception. A devout Muslim can't be an infidel's friend.
Don't be too "glad", U all made it so that we are still paying to kill babies.  Even AFTER all of the video footage proving they sell parts
RUSSIA.
I'll just leave this here.
An FBI translator traveled to Syria and married a key ISIS operative she was investigating, court records show http://cnn.it/2oQutG7  
they deserve it
Just them and closest family , period ... btw; no more long terms senator
I'm not pleased. You imbeciles couldn't even come to a conclusion on the budget!!!
I CAN'T!
You need to retire, somewhere along the way you forgot you were a Republican..
YOU are a total HEAD. Sorry to say, I voted for you for Pres ~ thank you dear Lord Jesus from keeping him a total loser! Get him out of gov
You Rock Senator McCain!!
RINO
Is he going to try and use border security money on wall
It's a shame this has not been made automatic after this many years, but progress is welcomed.
Afghanies? Your Arizona's Senator?
Work for us, that's your job. Cuba, Afghanistan is not. DC is try to bankrupt or kill 1/2 AZ voters?
Now Senator , this is the latest news from #Syria . Free the eagle or otherwise sent him 2 a poultry farm .
cause u never met a terrorist u didn't like. #McTraitor
The Afghan interpreters were paid for their service. It did not include bringing 100s of Muslim family's to America. Sorry. No more Muslim
Get yourself out of our gov. You have compromised our democracy. You are suspect to supporting the terrorists that our soldiers & gov fight.
Great work Senator. Can you now focus on fixing the mess at home with your bros?
THE @GOP @HouseGOP are worthless.  No #DefundPP or #BuildTheWall? U grovel @ the Dems feet!  Disgusting.
@MeghanMcCain the funding is BS.  NOT what we voted for.
How about u guys do a better job on this budget and so what trump promised...especially the wall.  I so fed up with u already.
Am sure U R pleased. Now it's time for you to bad-mouth the USA again and further embarrass us as a nation.
#climate change needs your help
I don't agree with McCain much but this agreement is fantastic.
Pls address: @POTUS  has invited Duterte to the WH and on @FaceTheNation he said Kim Jong Un "obviously is a smart cookie".WTF is going on!?
He told @bpolitics he'd be honored to host KJ Un at the WH. Our White House. The "People's House."  Honored. Luvs them ruthless dictators.
Do your job!  We gave you the house, senate and the White House and you're still caving to the dems!!
#SpecialCounsel for #TrumpRussia now!
The GOP should be held responsible for this delusional, vile, and inhuman miscreant holding office today
Release innocent Dr. Aafia Siddiqui
