Yes, let's start by exposing the Pedo ring in NY, DC & LA. Let's start arresting prominent officials. How abt that! @POTUS
Shine a light? How much will that cost? Whose citizens are being enslaved?How many are US citizens?How many enslaved by U.S?
Pick a side and quit riding the rails!
please push for initiating independent investigation of Trump Administration ties to Russia. America needs a hero.
step down
Well there is one thing we seem to agree on.
Gheez senator  slavery ended in 1800's.
We trust you Senator to stand up for our democracy-Ind Committee to look into #trumpputin Be the Patriot we know, Please Sir!
i think at this point the bigger threat is RUSSIA and our so called President
u r a good man John McCain. Hope you have time to end the Trump presidency while you're at it! #EnoughIsEnough #russiagate
Why haven't you done something on this issue before. Career Politian. #draintheswamp and you are 1 of the biggest crocs
Slavery ended in this country in the 1860s, remember, back when you were a teen.
Slavery has been over decades Crazy, better lighten your dose!
what's up with Russian hacking for Trump?
Why are we wasting tax payers money on something that no longer exists in the United States? That's the problem with Govt.
Do you ever ever shut your mouth. Always calling for special investigations. You arer wasting taxpayer money
HOW ABOUT ENDING TREASON!
Rather than fighting 4 survival of USA and our children's futures, U fight for Liberal Dems, Obama+Clinton. U Traitor!
need hearings to impeach an eradicate prez who has broken our const laws daily and y'all let him. wtf?
thank you for standing up for those who are so powerless.
scatterbrain Russia not testing trump it Mattis , where is Mattis? Call your buddy ,give him the okay to act
retire
walls prevent human trafficking, are you really qualified for this? Look at your state.
If you really care about slavery, stop being cozy to China and stop these H1B visas which are a ball and chain to India.
@MeghanMcCain please tell your dad slavery doesn't exist in America. Ask him to stop embarrassing you on TV.
@SenJohnMcCainu unfortunately you rode on the coat tails of Trump.  I would have voted democrat instead of a senile war monger.
#investigateflynn
yet you embolden and ally with those who would enslave our daughters under Sharia Law. We are on to you.
You need to be investigated yourself. Why did Nixon pardon you? You are not a hero you're a zero.
Whoopee
it would be nice if you listened to the voice of the people you serve. Does  #CountryOverParty mean anything to you?
nope many still don't get it
everything but Russia - why are you not speaking about it?
thank you
what a maverick..the liberals play you like a fiddle
Are you missing your Jack Abramoff payoffs? Nah, other lobbyists have u in their hip pocket by now.
#MAGA
what is the sense when you voted in a known racist and support racist administration. Trusted you to at least help protect us
When are you sending the subpoena to Mike Flynn?
Russia Russia Russia
@georgegalloway A firm chum of Ukrainian neo-Nazis. @SenJohnMcCain @a_ezzie
Thank you for all the work that you do!!
I can smell Russia from my house
Are you kidding? You need to change parties..You are a closet Soros PD, DEM. Place your efforts on real issues for the U.S.
independent investigation now on Russia and administration .democracy in real danger you and our soldiers risk all for this ?
How about shining a light on TREASON????????????
it's called getting rid of all the bureaucrats in positions that they think they run the country and not the people!
losing respect bipartisan before america thought better than that...don't you see what happening in WH...another politician
sexslave arrest in CA of 4oo+people 28 children! u & Ashton can buddy up again w/movie celebs while intel is leaking WH
thank you for supporting this important legislation!
Yeah, speaking is all you're ever good for. You should try actually doing something once in a while.
You are failing as a republican.  Why dont you switch tickets?
can you also start an investigation into this so called presidency?
how about the finding out whats up with trump and Russia act? Do you job!

thank you for your work but NOW we want full Intelligence investigation on Russian interference.
Please support independent investigation of all the Russia issues. It's a mess and will hang over this admin. if not invest.
WE THE PEOPLE..DEMAND AN IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION
Don't you have something important to do instead of fueling racism.
how about investigating Trump??
then why are you supporting the enslavement of women with your anti health-care and anti Planned Parenthood stance?
Hey John--how did you get so rich on a Senators salary?? How about we take a look at those returns, and ask a few questions??
Or would you prefer to resign before going to jail??
Instability allows slavery, war etc to thrive. Climate Change causes instability ( "Arab Spring") events cascade and echo.
start with the WH
well gee whizz, can we get a hearing on the destruction of US and its constitution by liberal socialist and do nothing GOP
Subpoena Trumps Tax Returns. Demand an independent committee into Flynns actions-theyGoRightBack2Trump.
U R a Patriot SIR!
think there is a higher priority like russia connection
"Party Of Lincoln"...Who is a slave to Putin- or a puppet? why is this tolerated by YOU, by GOP, By Americans- even FOX
worry about Trump's slaves the ones that make his products. Isn't it wrong for a POTUS?
Helloooo-Slavery did end! Not sure where you've been. The more everyone speaks to color the harder it is not to see color!
your the slave driver assaulter. Enjoy that sharia law. Sherriff.
like the slavery when an abusive husband like soon-to-be labor sec Puzder beats shit out of wife then gets her 2 recant?
So does that mean your going to stand to end Obamacare as it is not Constitutional and is a slave tax on the people of USA!
What happened to your Az commitments. Funding for a Cancer Center in Tuba. Uranium is tainting our lives in Az. Please care!
Senate paid to JFK in Moscow Russia.JFK.Steve
It would be nice if you investigated POTUS campaign having continuous contact with Russian Intelligence officers.
time to put COUNTRY FIRST OVER PARTY! Investigate trump/Russia connections NOW
I hope that means you're also voting NO on that Labor nominee, because... awkward.
Oh and Prison labor, the amendment has a legal loophole to turn Prisoners into slaves.
You should let someone else represent Arizona that cares about the Republican party and not your past EGO.
So does that mean you'll be going after Wall Street, Banks and the FED? Cause The Debt cycle they made is Modern Slavery.
How can you dare comment on OUR president ? You weren't good enough to represent Arizona.  You should retire.
?????? What slavery,
Thay need to start acting rite.
BLM full of SHIT !!!!!!!!
yes, sex slavery, the solicitation of young girls into a black market where their lives are controlled by pimps
Are you serious, slavery. The type under this Banana Republic your "leading"? Not With Us?
that's nice. When will you and the rest of the @GOP stand up for our country and get that traitorous tweeter-child out?
lame Mc Can your a nut job and a traitor...You have DEMENTIA you should be in a Nrsg Home NOT in politics..
I love you. I wish you had voted against DeVos.
Happy day when John McCain leaves office..He's a trouble maker!!
You might want to look at the Orange Führer and what he wants to do to our Country.  Be a Maverick.
it's time to be a REPUBLICAN again and stick up for the POTUS
real republicans support their country first, not their president
.   Hang in there for America Sen McCain. Keep your eyes on out amateur President! We are concerned about Russian influence!
McCain is a sore loser and he will be drained from the swamp
Beleive my your swamp is drained.  It's now a seispool of fools! GET OUT OF YOUR FOX BOBBLE; LEARN SOMETHING!
How about finding out about Russian connections in the White House? WE WANT TO KNOW!
bad man you are. God is watching
very important subject, how about independent investigation into Trump, kind of important too!
prove it or be quiet 
you'd better be focusing on supporting our @POTUS. O put a coup in place from 11/8-1/20! Why do you think he wanted no guns?
how about speaking about the importance of ending the #BenedictDonald presidency
hope you are speaking to the dems who keep the poor, poor. Just for votes. Shameful
please initiate the appointment of an independent counsel w/ subpoena power to investigate Russian influence in the WH.
sucking up???
Please allow an independent investigation, sir. My dad died for this country due to Agent Orange. He was a marine too. Please
Any comment on reports of Russian "spy ship" off East Coast, 30 miles from New London/Groton sub base?
end trump
Hillary Clinton emails first!!!!
lets lock him up before my next lunch break.
