Call for him Impeachment Senator, you have the respect and power to get the ball rolling.
Ciao. Surely you forget he called his wife a 'slut'! In public. #HanoiJohn #RaiseTheRoof
I’ve never spoken ill of Melania. The poor women is a hostage.
Monin'! Difficult to argue with this.
Then why argue and or troll people.  There are conversations to be had.  You just need to be open minded.  Have a point and try to prove it.
Am I trolling you? I was under the impression that a troll was someone who twitted more than once to to the same person. You've replied ...
...more times than I've twitted. So you qualify for a troll...
A troll posts unwanted negative tweets as comments to someone else’s tweet.  Repetition has nothing to do with it.
YOU are vile. Did you forget this?  http://pontiactribune.com/2015/09/john-mccain-chased-by-native-americans/ …  It is an insult that you would speak to Natives at all. #SongBirdOfVietnam
What does your idiotic comment have to do with this post?
That's twice you've asked that & no one is answering you. That's a clue ya know. They can post whateverthehell they want to.
Dude, mornin'! Just replied to this head in the sand twit. My bad.
Mornin' Dudet! Bad politics on the mining issue. I like that he is no longer an RNC bumlicking lackey. Centrist here.
Oh, my bad. I didn't realize centrist was a thing. Like #Chihuahua dogs, bark & run. Move on.
HA! Centrist/Populist eschew Right/Left extremism. Teddy Roosevelt's 'BullMoose' Party was the first attempt at Centrism.
RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN
Idiot.
Great job @SenJohnMcCain John McCain you are more of a gentleman and respected then Trump is any day of the week. Thank you for your service

I'm sorry that you could only come up with a silly meme instead of a intelligent comment or reply.
300 years and we still call them "Indians"...

WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS!!
Trump is running this country in to the ground. He's never been held accountable for anything in his life and this @GOP are allowing him to
That's hilarious. Did you hear the 1 abt Hillary, Barack, Comey, Holder, Mueller involved in a bribery scheme, accepting $ from Russians?
So what is it you think Trump should be held accountable for that trumps TREASON?
Lets not forget @SenJohnMcCain s involvement in arming & funding our enemy, Al Qaeda in Syria for Obama. Treason all around!
She is beautiful, but all these beauty pageants should be things of the past. Serves only to objectify women.
Mr McCain aren't you embarrassed about your standing now w patriotic Americans??? Sorry but you really look BAD!
"Patriotic Americans" lmao get over yourself.
Got some splaining to do.
I'm I correct, you support cutting Medicare and Medicaid to give tax cuts to the richest people in the country?  Please tell me I'm wrong.
He's also leading the charge against obamacare according to his ads...but hey...its McCain. A liar. If he said he supports it he doesn't
America & legal Americans will go on, & we will be fine....however you must live with what you have become. Sad.
If his seat was up for Election today...he'd be unemployed today
It would be a great day if you returned to the republican party and told your bosses (the Illuminati/Globalist) to stop paying you off!
What does your stupid comment have to do with this post?
Is she a descendant of the people you helped toss of their land for the coal companies?
It is time to take action. You are on notice that Trump is dangerously unfit.
Richard Painter and I wrote this 25th Amendment article. 

We believe it's time for an intervention. 

…
Hmm... same thing a lot of us thought about that Obama guy for eight years.

And no, I didn't vote for Trump. #FreeThinker
I don't know of any person nor have I read of any person who thought Pres Obama had a dangerous personality defect or mental illness
The legitimate concerns about Trump are well-documented and well-founded.
Amazing!!!!
#retire
I feel like "native" might not be the best word choice here...
Why not? Do you prefer the idiotic term "Indian.?
Why is Indian idiotic? They are of Indian descent you dope. As are Mexicans, Aleutians, et al.
Repeating Columbus' mistaken identification of the indigenous people of the Western Hemisphere doesn't lesson the idiocy of it.
Calling the Indians native is also incorrect since they emigrated from Europe.  Oops
Congratulations Mariah! 
I'm sick of all the evidence against the Democrats and no handcuffs. Retweet-
if you agree!

@realDonaldTrump 
Wow I lived in Parker just east of the River, at the Bend , what a beautiful place and People.
WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS WE STAND WITH OUR POTUS
What a typical POS. His own team hates him and the other team loves him. The LEFT can have that old, disgruntled goat! Stick a fork in him!
He’d have retired 8 years ago, but Soros won’t let him.
Wondering why beauty pageants for any race are still a thing...
you're beautiful!
Beauitful woman!!!
That old bag looks like the bad witch in wizard of oz. if she was the last woman on earth I would demand a recount
RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIG
Dudd..STUPID IS AS STUPID SAYS
Not native, not Indian they are children of Adam moved there in early ages they are originally sumarians
#NativeAmerican "Indians" come from India.
Resign
McCain .... get ... gone.... Rino
Did @SenWarren run in that competition? After all she is .00001% Indian.....
Je suis d'accord,  felicitations

Bought by Clinton
So question?  Do we have a miss white Arizona pageant?
You're the best no matter what the others say remember that!!wishing you love happiness and health
I luv u Mr McCain your courageous man n you standup for what's right unlike the rest GOP I was supporter of Obama but I would vote 4 u POTUS

Wouldn’t be awesome if she was the next Miss American
Go too Window Rock and see how well you're liked there! You're not!  #Navajonation
Thanks for posting this.
She is beautiful
Excuse Mr. McCain, there's a mistake in your bio. It says you are a republican. Can you please fix that...thanks.
Thank you for your patriotism and loyalty to the moral Constitutional values that make America the light of the world.
You are traitor in the eyes of real Americans , hope one day you end up in prison for your crimes . We are not some half cooked nationalist
Stand down senator, #RecuseMcCain
Taunt Trump again please I want to see him destroy you.
Let's hope that for her next public appearance, POTUS is kept far away from her dressing room!
I'd rather hold out hope that all trolls spontaneously cmbust today.
Calm down you old fool.
I am proud of my native Indian heritage, so get out of our country McCain.
Better still when Miss America and the indiv states can include the Natives in the pageants.
They dont?
Shut up McCain you no longer have a voice here in Az
She is BEAUTIFUL! A truly beautiful American
She's beautiful! Congratulations!!!
Any GOP politician who kisses up to the unleashed Leftist McCain ..will now receive the kiss of political death.
Gorgeous
SENATOR CONGRATULATION ON YOUR MEDAL! I KNOW YOU DESERVE IT! ESPECIALLY IF VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN GAVE IT TO YOU!
CONGRATULATIONS
Who cares?  Where's tax cuts, Kate's Law, HEALTHCARE?
You are awesome! Thank you 
When is yours?
Idk, I'm not the one with a brain tumor
Nice acknowledgement.  Thank You Senator!  Aho!
You’ve got to get rid of @realDonaldTrump before this guy destroys the country beyond repair! He’s a moral moron and just dangerous to all!
Congrats. Now how about defending them against the take-over of their land by your friends of the oil industry, huh?
Get tax reform done, replace Obamacare hurting all working middle class, build the dam wall, get something done not just collect a paycheck.
Well done.
Lol, like someone listens to this turd.
