Thank you - we had a very informative talk and I am happy we reaffirmed our stong alliance.
IMPEACH John Mccain!
Thank God McCain has the class that Trump does not.
Again, what are you doing John-boy?? Nothing you say is of official value.. Just another useless photo op!
better tell DT and Tillerson they are connecting w Russia Not NATO
.  Thank God for John McCain.  We have a stable, respectable person in our govt
- We are proud of your example and leadership Senator.  I wish you were President.
Wait you meet with a foreign leader what did you discuss maybe you can leak it out to us
Oh yea, "the Maverick" stirring the pot once again--and subverting the POTUS.
that's all we'll and good till your boy @POTUS says or does something to ruin it. Take a stand sir!
Thank Senator on behalf of America reaffirming partners/allies that we are with them despite @potus actions
Thank you, Senator McCain for diplomatically affirming our alliance and for your grace.  Honestly? U R Hope.
who the hell are you?  You have no authority in the matter
Sadly Trump is not on the same page as you. His commitment appears to be with RUSSIA!
Have you shared this with Tillerson and gotten Jared's approval
Seriously... Please retire.
When are you going to do something about the psychopath in the White House?
#PauseThisPresidency until you, Sen, set US straight
Thanks working with our European Allies!  Our Administration would do well to follow your lead!
Thank you for the leadership.
Thank you Senator, you exactly who to meet up with.
Great picture.
Thank God for you. You should be President and i am a democrat
Why does the Danish FM look scared or in pain? Did the great John McCain forget his own strength again? 
was this mtg authorized?  Should be investigated if not.
McCain is delusional! Thinks he's the president, while he opposes the @POTUS at every turn. Your fault AZ.
Hopefully  President  Trump  knew  about this .Not like your sneaky call to Australia. TRAITOR.
I wish you would put some pressure on them for the whale killing that goes on in the Faroe Islands they control.
Oh oh, @SenJohnMcCain meeting with a foreigner????
That shows your brain is still working! Great! Now lets get with it .... back our President!
thanks for cleaning up Our "so-called" presidents messes with our allies. Much appreciated, now impeach!
with a president that is hell bent on Destroying relationships with our allies good luck with that.
the nation is being run by a traitor and you are self promoting?
Thanks for maintaining our standing in the world. We'd be hosed without you.
the country needs you to address this rogue President who is running roughshod over you and your colleagues, therefore US
did anyone notify the State Dept?
McCain - do more than sweep up after fake prez---take him down, now.
.@SenJohnMcCain @anderssamuelsen does Tillerson know the FM is in town?
S.66
Well thank heaven's SOMEONE cares about our allies across the water! God Bless.
so what part of America are you trying to sell now ,looks like you have a cheek full of something , earn it
thank you Senator McCain
Everybody hates you. Go away.
thank you, Sir. always grateful for true leadership that is respected around the world.
So sorry that folks in gov have to pick up pieces when buffoon POTUS can't control himself. Fire him!
 retire
Tell that idiot in the WH that.
Too bad POTUS and the State Dept can't do the same.
Thank you.
you can not affirm anything- you are not president- and are doing nothing to stop him
Retire
until 45 screws it up
#warmongersretire
Trump will destroy that relationship by Friday.
@potus Thank goodness someone is taking up the slack of Diplomacy, good job.
There's a #TraitorInChief sitting in the WH. Do ur job, Senator.
Thank god SOMEONE is acting as Secretary of State.
