Session recusing himself is not good enough. He must step down and be prosecuted for perjury. Independent investigation now!
So, it's fine to be buddy's with the Russians now. Bet you didn't feel that way before this election.

or, u can go ahead and call John McCain a Patriot!
If the convos with Russian spy/ambassadors were routine and OK, Sessions, Flynn and now Kushner wouldn't have lied about them
They were asking advice as Pruitt asked energy companies for advice and let them write his memos.
My news says it was a Canadian comp. making the deal. We have a problem. News is propaganda.
Flynn was supposed to uphold US Constitution, not carry water for Putin.... And, he lied about it.
please don't write to me on email anymore. You are not entitled to call me names just because you have alt-news.
We stand with you Senator! Thank you for your service.
And what exactly have you done for your country Johnnycee?
Good for you, and thank you for your service. But what a shame a veteran would be so disrespectful to another vet.
.@SenJohnMcCain do you remain committed to fully investigating the ties between Russia & @realDonaldTrump & naming a special prosecutor?
We must hold YOU to account!
And be assured, we will.
@KarlRove @RepublicanStudy
cc: @robreiner @TheDemocrats @WBUR
Discover the reborn GOP
#nullify2016
@KarlRove @RepublicanStudy
cc: @robreiner @TheDemocrats @WBUR
"Neither...qualified" - Amend. XX
#integrity #nullify2016
Please continue your efforts to protect the US from Russian interference. I fear it has reached into the WH
Senator, please do more. Don't wait for the Intel committees to act in good faith. They wont.
If you truly believe what you said, it is absolutely essential to have an INDEPENDENT investigation.
@KarlRove @RepublicanStudy
cc: @robreiner @TheDemocrats @WBUR
COMING: America's March to DC
#integrity #nullify2016
thank you for standing up for our values. Please....do more!
NO PROOF OF RUSSIA INTERFERENCE IN ELECTION! How about trying to work with @POTUS to get things done. 2 much fighting on taxpayers dollar!!

I voted for you, you lost.   Now get over yourself and give Trump a chance.
Well they did. He said he'd donate his salary. Nope. He said Healthcare 4 all. Nope.  LGBT protect? No #lie
I mean Trumpy. Not mccain. He was unfortunately tied to that loony from the north. Bless her heart.
Please fight for a special council.  Trump and his team have likely sold us out to Putin.  Now the entire GOP too?
please demand an independent investigation of WH-Russia connection - and demand Trump taxes to FOLLOW THE MONEY
-Russia couldn't destroy Democracy when it was the USSR. BUT...U & Soros R working 2 destroy America U bought& paid 4 traitor.
please watch Rachel Maddow 2/27 and 3/8 - thanks for trying to protect our democracy.
I think there's far more interesting things to talk about, mr AlQaida!

@LibsNoFun @Baltimoreseotnt @SenJohnMcCain
we plan to hold you accountable
NO EVIDENCE!! Take a play from your playbook!! Either retract or PROVE IT!!
thank though for standing up for democracy. You continue to show you're an American hero!
We are counting on you to act and hold these people - all of them - accountable.

Senator McCain, Yuma counts on you to hold strong in demand for independent investigation of Russian meddling in US democracy
@KarlRove @RepublicanStudy
cc: @robreiner @TheDemocrats @WBUR
WHAT: New election!
WHEN: Now!
#integrity #nullify2016
Thank you for standing up for the right. Senator McCain.
will you sign resolution to impeach @POTUS @realDonaldTrump should collusion be discovered?
so jealous of President Trump there is no lie you aren't low enough to tell to try to destroy him. Fake war hero
Resign immediately. Get out. We are done with you.
YOU...speak for you!!! Not We...
Hey troll
Senator McCain, Thank you. Trump insulted you, dishonored you & stands for nothing that yourself & true patriots believe in.
Russia is involved bc U & Dems alleged they were creating a smoke screen 2 cover up the corruption UR in. Tell ppl the truth!
At last we have learned that hackers sit in Frankfurt. Now it is clear that Russia had no relation to it. Congratulations
Still mad about this are you Johnny Boy? #RINO #TermLimits #tcot
#Corruption
No proof of interference. Where is the proof?
Please keep on this, Senator! Thank you!
Oops... Wikileaks just out your CIA plots today.  Truth to power.  Repent.
I'm a Dem thnkng u 4 ur stand against blatant #POTUS45 lies.Pls continue investigate #russianhacking #TrumpTaxReturns
looks like Obama and the CIA are behind all of it and you up to your eyeballs in the shit with them
Russia did change our election, the people are sick of you politicians. Drain the swamp
Why are you fostering this lie about the Russians? Anyone paying attention knows this is BS including you!!!
thank you for being a Republican voice of reason. My late father would be proud! We are counting on you to #freetheGOP
INVESTIGATE THIS U HYPOCRITES: John Podesta and the Russians http://www.wsj.com/articles/john-podesta-and-the-russians-1477262565 …
I wish u'd retire already, you& @LindseyGrahamSC all lip service &never do a thing. Get someone in AZ that actually is tough!
Impeach Trump.   Your criticisms and complaints are meaningless UNLESS you Impeach him.
YOU AND DEMOCRATS ARE A DISASTER TO USA! STOP BASHING MY POTUS TRUMP OR MOVE TO DEMOCRAT PARTY!!
do you McCain loving commenters not realize John McCain just wants war? He's stoking irrational fears.
Can you retire already? You made a lot of money being corrupt so ride off into the sunset with Harry Reid your fellow clown
...and where are your calls for an independent investigation?
, Have no doubt: YOUR interference in election has potential to destroy AMERICA – we must hold YOU to account. Traitor!!!
, so agree with you!  We need some republican heroes like you to stand up against such travesty!
ya think? #Russiagate #trumprussia #ResistTrump #DeflectorandChief
have no doubt US gov interfered in over 80 elections since WW2. Songbird has no problems when US gov does it.
you may be the only acting republican i can respect. we disagree on much, but i trust your integrity. the only one.
PLEASE stay on this!  We need the truth. #investigatetrump #IndependentInvestigation
https://twitter.com/gnsnick/status/838938350581055488 … and those who enable them
Rachel @maddow peeling back a money laundry onion in Azerbaijan involving a Trump Hotel--Iran-- & the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
please move ahead with investigations of Trump administration ties to Russia.  He is a danger to us all.
I wish you would switch to independent. Tired of Dems an Rep. Bernie is awesome.
I am so glad to hear you say that but there's nothing being done!  #HELP
RETIRE!!!! Get out!!!
too much whining about Russia hacking the election. The US overthrows governments. OVERTHROWS THEM.
thank you.  Please do.
pedo and corrupt politicians are a stain on America too!
Americans have had enough of Trump and his circus, get this bastard out of office! Threat he brings to the US is huge!! GET HIM OUT NOW!!!
you are a good man. Do not lose your moral compass. Protect America from #Trump/Russia/hateofimmigrants. Stand up 4 us.
what are you hiding old man, you're protesting WAY too much!
Is rigging the democrat primary a death-blow to democracy?  That actually happenned John.  You don't have to say IF on that.
please protect US from trump.
What "interference"? So far virtually no one has shown one shred of proof for this silly allegation.
How did YOU allow such as TrumpHitler to even run and be elected? He is a sleaze & sicko on every level. AmoralShameless!

hold those who coluded with the Russians to destroy our democracy as well.
keep the faith John.
This statement? You do understand it is the Barack peeps and the Dems that are destroying USA? Not Russia, right?
@trumpworldnews John McCain needs investigation awarded monetary fund's via HRC mid summer fall 2016

#Ukraine regime launched 640+ artillery shells of 122mm & 152mm caliber and mortars on Western outskirts of #Donetsk,#Gorlovka & South #DPR. 
John you're a war hawk, thank God ur not in charge you would have been a disaster.
How many people in the Democratic or other campaigns had contact with the Russians?
thank you for all your efforts
@mom2kidz63 this man is a sore loser and his reliability is of a 3 dollars bill.
I disagree that there is potential for loss of democ...agree that we should find an appropriate response that hurts a bit
You are not relevant any longer. You have been caught in comprised situations & it may land you in prison. Retire before you do more damage.
FBI All Intelligence says NO PROOF at all even @SpeakerRyan said so Why are you lying Sen McCain why areUcolluding with left
where's the special commission? Maybe Kenneth Star has some free time.
TRAITOR If Nixon didn't pardon you for info beans you spilled to Vietnam gov, you would be in Jail. Sold us out then and now.
RETIRE NOW. RINO
Are you AT ALL troubled by Obama Admin wiretapping of DT campaign or is your hate of DT too much to overcome?????
If Russia is a such a problem why did U vote to confirm Tillerson? Pure phony outrage for idiots.
Thank you for standing against corruption and coverup. Please push for an independent investigation to ensure transparency.
My gut tells me John is a war monger and as such has no good judgment when it comes to Russia.
give it up! You are too liberal and libelous for party and country!
you are so pro-Russia, Soros, etc. it's not funny! Did you get cut of uranium deal?
Thank you -- very serious situation. Press on
it's hard to believe McCain has turned into a nut job he thinks every body is after us  time to go home
...please STOP your lying about the Russians interfering ..There is NO there there! PUSH for investigation into Obamagate!
Nuke 'em?
@tom_peters Sure John, whatever you say...
When is your cancerous face going to explode?
McCain the pain
what are you so afraid of ?
plz b4 it's too late! 1 month in & Germany is talking about nukes & state dept is diminished. #StopPresidentBannon #Russia
Who paid for you to send guy over to Russia to pick up fake report on Trump? The gov already had it. Wasted our money ck pls
this is the 3rd time you tried to set up our President you http://FuckingTraitor.You  Soros funded POS #InvestigateMcCain Now!!!
#warmonger #songbird #falsenarrative
enough with the Russia nonsense. We don't believe it and never will
Wasn't it YOU who met with Iran & ISIS for that cozy Obama Iranian deal? U A traitor back in Nam & still one today!
democracy needs light, transparency and truth to flourish, keep standing up for these values, kudos
still pushing the fake 'Russian' narrative hard I see. #Arrestsoros must be proud. WE tried interfering n French election.
pretty sure need to look at yourself also! Veteran who's lost all respect for you Johnny
Stand firm Senator!
you have no evidence of that. We the people demand you resign immediately
career politicians need term limits NOW!  COS help.
What about your ties to Russia? Or Saudi Arabia? You might want to slow your role before you are investigated.
Shame on u! Ur a Globalist political hack owned by G. Soros! #DrainTheSwamp
#TraitorMcCain lectures on being a traitor 
Save us.
talk talk talk actual take action dude
he should be just as concerned about illegal voters changing are election results  push voter I D
trouble is that mite cost him a few votes an he can't risk that
at some point your past won't carry you any longer.. that point is now, get on the Trump train or get out of the way!
Do you believe USA should interfere with elections in other countries? Do you believe traitors should be senators.
You had yrs to stand strong in Congress & you didn't.Our only hope now is Trump, not you. Face your demons.
STOP delegitimizing my vote with ur nonsense 

IT'S INSULTING 

I voted 4 President Trump on Nov 8th not a Russian
your time is up liar @abc15  u better tell your citizens to force a resignation from this hack ASAP. america is fed up
SONGBIRD!!! WHY A PARDON??? #WAKEUPARIZONA #RECALL
I used to think u were a great conservative but I can see now you are an under cover demarcate traitor. 
what about saudis funding Clintons?
please comment on soros money.
POS Liar being Blackmailed on the Pedo-gate, can't answer questions honestly because of it!
You need to switch parties you are such a traitor
Have no doubt, John McCain is a traitor and cannot be trusted.
McCain't Republican
McCain't loyal American

McCain is John Kerry type TRAITOR
you fncking traitor
I love how he was a joke to democrats till now.
One ponders which side of history do you really want to stand on? I don't understand your warmongering rhetoric re Russia.
Then pressure @HouseGOP and @SentoateGOP to do their jobs. Don't hide behind #hypocrisy #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate
: Shut up or show the evidence. And go away.
#America will be a much better place after you are gone.
you are the male version of Nancy Pelosi. Retire
@potus @LindseyGrahamSC A lot of Republicans are going to lose their seats in the coming elections because of BS like this.
@potus @LindseyGrahamSC Putin elected Trump & he's golfing in Florida every weekend & taxpayers have to pay $3 mil wkly bill.
You are a LYING, traitor to our country. It was your friend Hillary that conspired with the Russians & you know it! GET OUT!
@DF_Edwards thank you McCain, I understand the severity of the interference and I support you!
Actions not words please!
Care to explain?
R u even an American anymore? What do u think going after the POTUS will do? U unpatriotic f**k! U make me sick!!!
you need to start supporting our President or we will start calling you a democrat
sen...you're a perfect example of why we need term limits.
U must ask for Sessions resignation for lying under oath and creating a felony.
@mderechailo so does Songbird
what about the Russian Amb bring a guest of Dems @ Trumps speech to congress!?!? We need to know why the Dems are so cozy?
Used to like you but you have turned into someone I don't like or respect at all.
I think you should be held accountable too
You are so bad for our Country...so sad what you have become...you shld go away b4 you get urself investigated...just sayin
@ASFried Keep saying "tried to do" as if it wasn't successful. So Trump's legit and we should just be more careful? No no no
