He should have been your President, America!
No. He should NOT have been.
Why is it Trump and his followers like typing in capital letters? :-)
Ah. Because it is rare to find a liberal intelligent enough to understand the basic nuances of emphatic written conversation w/out them.
I see, so you are not liberal then? Imo most Trump fans are not intelligent enough to think for themselves. They believe whatever their
You did ask the question; I simply gave you the answer. Now you seem offended. No, I am not a liberal; thus, I do think for myself.
I am offended? Why would you think that? It is just strange that u use word liberal to criticise. Thanks to Liberals ad liberalism u r
able to speak up when u disagree with things in America. @realDonaldTrump is taking USA towards dictatorship and u seems to be ok with that
The only one " half baked" is McCain; a self serving politician cloaked under the guise of patriotism
This Speach makes it appearant that we need TERM LIMITS.
...on retiring from the US Senate.
Now we know it was a bunch of BS. Enjoy your millions in tax cuts. History will not be kind to you. It will show how you supports a President who colluded  with Russia to interfere in our election. His treason can’t be separated from your support of him.
Sen. McCain broke after being in prison camp. However he has served.in Congress. He is old and http://sick.now  and needs to retire.
I have never been favorably impressed by either John McCain or Barry Goldwater, but then I am not much impressed by the State of Arizona, either.
Please sir, Save Us from the Malignant Narcissist in the Oval Office.
F him. Go away.

America patriots are not trump patriots!




I am a veteran and democrat. But i voted for you. Just glad my vote did not go to waste.
Truly a most remarkably hypocritical speech from an Islamist
Why?  He's another hater.
Obama was the most DIVISIVE Pres. yet I heard NOTHING from you about anything he did wrong ! WHY ?????
Don't care what he has to say, he turned against my state of ARIZONA!!!!
If it is not a retirement speech then no thank you.
We are expecting and believing for a long life for John McCain. God bless him for his service and sacrifice.
John McCain should protect his legacy by getting doctors to state emphatically he is mentally sound because theywill try to cast doubt later
http://uved.info/?id=8744 
"Leaders like McCain". (snort)  McCain is a bitter old traitor.
U should of been Potus! How did Trump beat you? Friggin Repubs were def off the Mark on this nominee! Trump lied thru his teeth to win! SMH!
Rino piece of
No
Why? No bigger fool than an old fool Baghdad Johnny.

Why would anyone listen to a word from this flip flopping clown. Perfect example of corrupt career politician.
@SenJohnMcCain - A man of great honor - dignity & wisdom !!!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain - for being a LEADER in this time of Chaos & Crisis!
I read it! It's amazing!!!!! Thank you for honoring our country sir. You are an American hero! #JohnMcCain
This is your Legacy John McCain...God Bless...
Trump is trying to stop the division that the dems created for yrs. Their puppets of the NWO and the blacks are still being deceived. SMH
Don't want to read his crap.  He needs to go home
@alexiscorbiere si t homophibe lui il est nazi alors...et toi Siegfried ? Nous y voilà donc...
Often disagree but truly admire Senator McCain.
I would rather read your service records that you have had sealed under a bill with your name. Something to hide?
Looks like Peter gotchya, and spoke the truth, you showed your true colors in your answer! Globalist... Retire already!
There’s a big problem if CNN is promoting your speech... Step down Senator
If what John McCain said in his speech is what America wanted Hillary Clinton would be @POTUS We elected @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Okay???
Why don't trust the old dinosaurs in Washington DC. Need to move out and let new people in. We are tired of them!!!!!
God bless you and give you a healthy life, Amen
And Look at His slogan
Retire
TRUE: Every American should listen to John McCain's speech
TRUE: John McCain is a national hero
Go John
It's pretty much the same thing that Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton say everyday nevermind

Senile John McCain gets angry at reporter who asks why he’s blocking President Trump on every issue. 
Thank you for your service. Now it's time for you to retire.
You’re a great leader, Senator.  You have my highest respect.
I respect you so much! Good speech. You are in my prayers.
Everyone should hold mccain accountable for being a lying politician. Lying to your constituents is unacceptable!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
John I watched your speech twice shared with my kids and friends also.  I will keep your speech forever next to a GHB speech. u are a hero
You have nothing I care to hear. You complain about Obamacare every day and vote repeal down. Go away.
Democrats favorite guy of Late
No, not interested, but that reporter asked a question & we want a answer. #TRUTH. REMEMBER Johnny, no question is too dumb. #MAGA
McCain support for Iraq war helped create mess we r now in. These so-called experts have caused needless deaths of US military & $ collapse.
Great insight and a speech that should go down. In history
You know you are championing conservative issues when CNN is telling everyone to read your speech. What a joke
Senator McCain, thank you for your service, sir! You are a true patriot!
From the UK, Well done for standing up to trump :) My 7 year old son questions why he is so rude. 1 mans spite will breed. Keep going m8 :)
Trump helps McCain get reelected, and McCain repays him by insulting Trump's base and the movement he's helped start to fight to take our country back?! Talk about a traitor several times over!
You mean this attack on the American ppls fight for the future of our country from a traitor who worked with Russian agents? McCain is nothing but a warmongering mouthpiece for Russia & the MIC. Shame on McCain!
Senator, 
Please step down and let a real republican in
When you wet fired that jet and walked off the deck, did you feel any remorse?
Loved it. U r truly our greatest statesman. Keep working for our great Country. Many thanks for all that u have sacrificed for the USA.
RINO McCain.
He’s a globalist pos with lies upon lies.  He would rather see the USA fail than trump succeed. We voted for nationalism, not globalist lies
That is one very creepy picture but then it is the Season.
A speech on CNN. Just what you'd expect. I don't think your Legacy will b what u were expecting. You've been exposed 4 the traitor you are.
As a kid growing up in AZ, John McCain inspired me. I hold many different ideological beliefs but I respect Mr. Mcain. #ImWithJohn
Everyone should wish he would die quickly
Gee, I heard once they cut into cancer & oxygen hits it, it spreads like wildfire. SAD SAD SAD!!!!!!!!!
Thankful for your many years of service. God Bless. prayers for you
Senator is a true patriot! Perhaps one in a trillion that won't let bone spurs stopped him from serving his country and fellow Americans.
This man needs to retire. He's about as worthless as tits on a boat hog.
That is what service and ideology is about. Such a shame it will be noticed through its absence in WH until 2021 

John - it’s time to bow out gracefully. Well, maybe it’s too late for that... but it’s time to bow out.
Thank you sir, my pre-existing child with Cystic Fibrosis thanks you, you're what is left of this country great politics, a hero forever 
The demagogue who insulted you and all of us sits in the W/House.Your 1st priority should always be his removal.When will you act?We don't need to hear about military $$.The US already spends as much as the whole world combined.Enough?!
John, do the American People a favor and go home and stay there!!!
Yes!
When #CNN praises a Republican you know that GOPer is an undercover Dem. He is nothing less than another typical self serving globalist.
Says you.
There are probably dozens of Russian trolls on this thread. Ignore them. You are a patriot, Senator McCain.
I love what you are saying - my Senator.
What you need to do is get over yourself, resign and let someone else take over and do the agenda we elected our president to do.
Fudge that fraud ass undercover democrat.
A speech of grace & beauty.

Good night comrad the vietkong converted u huh
Yes but it is time to move to either invoke the 25th Amendment or impeach before @realDonaldTrump completely spins out & starts a war!
Screw john McCain traitor
http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/the-real-reason-donald-trump-wouldnt-acknowledge-u-s-soldiers-killed-in-niger-it-was-a-russian-military-op/5584/ … Sir, would you please demand an investigation?
You like to think of yourself as a Maverick but you are nothing but a maniac that hates our country and our president.
Sad
McC slept through the last 30 years of blame American 1st and withdrawal of American leadership by Clinton & Obama
DJT #MAGA
Why?  Senile SongBird didn’t write it.
McCain is distracting from current news of Obama Russian Collusion.
Afraid they’re getting close to finding his illegal acts
Love you for standing up to this crazy men. We need you.
He's so great he had to attack a reporter that just asked a simple question.
Oh shut up you cry baby.
Are you going to block everything....
Excellent and glad he speaking out against those undermining the principles of democracy & the division of power
Why? Sen. McCain, you essentially canceled out the good things you said with a few sentences.
No thanks. He is senile we all know it
There have been enough speeches.  Do something, sir.  Stop supporting his agenda, his budget, his nominees.
Noone needs to read any of your propaganda.  Fool and unAmerican.
The new “Goldwater”
He could be more opposite of Goldwater
Sir you are a roll model for all young service members
Listening to it wasn't enough punishment?  You embarrass yourself by such aggrandizement.
I did read it. I came away feeling sad for a man who don't believe we should put our country first. #Sad
That is if you enjoy projectile vomiting.
Your only constituency is Tom Donahue & the U.S. Chamber of Commerce because you treat Americans like you did your first wife.
Time for you to retire John!  You have lost it.Congress needs to test your sanity because every thing out of your mouth is bad!!
Sorry nope you have crossed so many lines just change over to Dem your a traitor liar go hold hands with Joe Biden who is a creepy old man
You are such a traitor, especially to the people who were misled and voted for you
History will remember John McCain as a sellout to far left socialists and a traitor to the USA, his office, and his voters.
Today will be a good day for John McCain to switch political parties.
A supposed conservative (really just a rino) reduced to citing fake news globalist traitor antifa loving hacks at Communist News Network sad
Everyone does not know where to put all the vomit if they did read it.
Nasty yesterday to Peter ducey! Shame on you
@SenJohnMcCain, @MeghanMcCain @POTUS. Sen. McCain, thank you for your speech. You are more than making up for introducing @SaraPalinUSA to
us. Blessings be upon you and yours, and may you continue to represent your constituents in AZ, as well as the rest of us in other states.
Any opportunity you find to shank Little Donnie 2 Scoops, you go right ahead, and remind all of us what this country stands for, not what
xenophobic, nativist, scared children think it stands for. Once again, thank you, sir. And, Little Donnie 2 Scoops? He is still 10 times the
man that you are + 25. That would be because you are worth exactly 0 as a man, or, frankly anything other than a waste of chemicals.
No thanks. I usually tune out fake republicans.
Especially those who run on a promise and then renege.
McCain is a traitor and he needs to go. He is a fake Republican. Trump has already accoplished more than JM has a useless Senator.
Thank you for your service to our country.  You are a beacon of light during these dark political times.
Andie, thank you for sharing. Si refreshing!
Why would anyone want to read the speech of a traitor?
EVERY ONE SHOULD IGNORE ANY THING HE SAYS ! PLEASE RETIRE AND GO AWAY.
Dear Senator McCain, U are a man of honor and dignity! Thank U4 all you've done for all Americans, specially 4Iranian American communities!
Shame on you.
Hey Songbird, it’s time to step down, you failed the American people
Why not simply answer @pdoocy question honestly? It was a fair question that your constituents would like you to consider. #dumbanswer
I'm proud to be an American, and I support American values, and a secure border. I don't give a crap about other nations.  You are a traitor
A rancid appeal to US hegemony..
Thinking about moving to Arizona so I can vote against John McCain
What is it?.....more interventionism and more military spending?
No thanks.  Go away you angry old man!  You attacked Peter From Fox!  That was a good question that I want the answer to.
You need to retire.
Who has served this country more than Senator John McCain?  I may be a progressive, but I respect this honorable man.
Thank you Senator McCain
Thank you and God bless you John McCain for your courage and your goodness
You're the worst
Thank You Sen McCain for continuing to put the survival of Amer. democracy above of all else & for speaking out!  Hope you're feeling better
Where can we find a full length video of the speech?
Thank you, Sir, for what you do for our great country.
It’s was stupid! Resign
I'll say the stupid thing u accused Peter of...are u going to support ANYTHING the President stands for? Your an obstructionist. #shameful
I am SO embarrassed I supported your campaign...your a disgraceful RINO...
 GREAT JOB
Hang in there Mr. McCain, exactly what this country needs, the plain truth and calling out those bringing this country down.
We've heard the  status Qou. This translates to 1% GDP, shrinking military, inner city killing zones, no good jobs, rotten trade agreements
I heard this  speech and it was powerful! I love how you speak truth to power. Thank you so much so your service. Dem from VA
no thanks, Traitor! you need to focus on the end of your existence
1st of all McCain didn't write the speech, he "read" what someone else wrote. 2nd, only received the award because the end is near.
Stand up for our President Trump, You have become a liberal communist
Seriously. caring about your own country first is like caring deeply and foremost about your own family first.  We owe our alliegence to it.
