We can't help ANYONE until we get rid of this mess at home. Quit with the distractions or you are complicit in #Trumprussia & the rest.
Calling out assads horrors isn't a distraction. The government needs to lead this nation. Not focus on Russia Russia Russia conspiracies
The same government that will happily let them all die rather than accept refugees? Yeah, ok. McCain thinks war is the answer to everything.
Our governments duty is to protect Americans first. We cannot risk allowing terrorists into this country.  And McCain is a patriot.
Yes he was an American hero, but all who stand silent while Russia interfered in our election is no hero of mine
McCain is calling for more investigations though. We have to see what happens. There is no evidence of collusion thus far.
Well what with McCain being a war hero and patriot and all, you can't argue with him now can you
You can argue with him. But he's still a patriot and war hero.
You mean horrified like at a HORROR MOVIE? #ISIS seized the town, staged the attack, posed as costumed "rescuers", filmed/submitted to @CNN
Ok @SenJohnMcCain enough words, now DO something about it.
Please do ur research. McCain is BEHIND THE ATTACKS. He arms/aids #ISIS w ur tax dollars. Uses "intel" from #WhiteHelmet Terrorists. WAKE UP
How about a united Republican Party first?
Sure, comrade. McCain the traitor will bring the vodka and borscht to the old Communist meeting at the White House. Nostrovia.
I can't believe Russia is whats for dinner, again. Boredom
That is because you and other Trump cult members are traitors. Sad.
Awe Nancy don't be sad. Be happy that you can turn the news on everyday and be fortified in your view. It must be a comfort.
They regularly STEAL bodies from morgues, pay starving civilians w food 2 ACT in their STAGED SCENARIOS. You trained demons well in #Syria.

This stuff is WAAAAY to sophisticated for MKultra victims that worship the likes of this DEMON but great job. Kudos to YOU!
They are all DEMONS, destroying the planet piece by piece.
I can't spell though. 
I didn't notice 
Has there been any investigation on  why John mccain posed for a pic with Al baghdadi .
-(1/2) I agree that this is horrible.But, I wonder why you NEVER mention the slaughter of Christians in Syria and other countries in the
@POTUS was horrified and he launched dozens of cruise missiles against Syria. We support @POTUS
This stupidity of false accusations shows ur incompetence. YOU are acting like a bigger threat to USA than Russia ever would be!
@realDonaldTrump can't even make it through one day without doing something stupid. How would he help anyone else?
Wouldn't you rather see on the ground independent journalism (Eva Bartlett & Rania Khalek) than retweet anti-Syrian Al Qaeda propaganda?
Well, that leaves out Trump and 99.9999% of the Republican Party.
You expect that traitor that piece of s*** John McCain who was pardoned by Richard Nixon because of his father who was a important Admiral
We are horrified. When there was a chance for success, Obama did nothing. Look also at Iraq.  He left a vacuum and terrorists moved in.
-(2/2) middleast? Do you have something against Christians?
Absolutely
Not easy watching them bombed in yemen or starving to death in Sudan. How about focus on humanitarian aid, refuge, safe hospitals not MOAB
What "chems", besides the ones you supplied from #Benghazi ?
#GBHoax. #KhanSheikhoun poisoning snuff prop by YOUR terrorist friends.
We are horrified but we are also horrified by GOP's refusal to stand up for this country as a madman tries to destroy it
The ONLY "reports" that could POSSIBLY come from this scene are FROM THE TERRORIST and YOU KNOW it you WAR CRIMINAL TRAITOR. U R COMPLICIT.
The Forrestal and Hanoi Hilton are what horrify me. Loser.
Smile for the camera!
Can we edit that out? The fucking actor broke into a laugh. 
All people should be horrified that your #terrorist proxies are the culprits and you use it as pretext to further #US #imperialism
Why should anyone care when you support @israel, which murdered over 500 kids in barbaric #Gaza attack in 2014? #fraud #bds @BDSsouthafrica
Sorry the Russian bots working with Trump & Fix "News" say this is faked. Truly they do. You've aligned yourselves with darkness.
'Six kids and no breadwinner': Russia brings aid to #refugees in #Latakia https://sptnkne.ws/ewbp 
McCain the bribe taking, war mongering psychopath. Suuuuurrreeeee
Blame your beloved friends Islamic terrorists who kill children and take their organs. You'll burn in hell together with them.Soon.
ppl of conscience should be horrified by your warmongering and consequences of your decisions,which include not only chem.weapon in Syria
We can't accept this as a world leader. Yet we don't need to b involved in a civil war 2 stop chemical warfare. Save our troops for ISIS!
nice we have an outlet that shows us exactly who the nut jobs are. Take tin hat & conspiracy elsewhere. Start believing real ppl who r there
The left obsessed over non issues and ignore the real world issues. Real people are suffereing, wake up AMERICA! #priorities
Isis rebels staged this event. Children did die at the hands of the Saudi backed Isis rebels.
try worrying about America
Your right, i am horrified at your support for the terrorists in syria, and by your support for groups that behead 12 year olds.
Do something. #RussiaGate
Yes Senator it is just horric, not to be compared but I feel the POTUS is a non toxic gas that I am inhaling daily. He is killing us.
CNN=REALLY FAKE NEWS  Why are you trying to push war? Very suspicious your trip there a few weeks before the attack. Very suspicious,
About time you do something.   You been in congress forever
That's Horrible But USA Cannot Support Every Country ,my heart goes out to the Children
We need to have special ops go in and take him out
Not while our own ppl are killed by muslims in our own cities and those children your heart bleeds for? Their parents strap bombs to them!
You should be ashamed for supporting Salafists/Jihadists "Rebels"
How many canisters of napalm did you drop in Vietnam Sen McCain?
& your words, they are as empty
As your conscience seems to be.
'Who are you to speak of conscience?' cry the US veterans abandoned in Vietnam.
You suck. Stop talking. Resign.
Warmongering neocon is back at his old tricks. Forget about the fact that we have plenty of our own issues to attend to here at home.
John McCain still searching for a war he can win.
I have much more concerned for little white raped girls in Europe
Man you truly need help. You boys are killing each other and getting their ass kicked. #goassad! Win!
Christians are being targeted by US supported rebels, 12 year old boys beheaded.  Ask yourself, "What would Jesus do?"
Senator
Shouldn't we be concerned
by any unlawful deaths
by CW or bombs,artillery, starvation etc
Your complicity established
Syria not
With all due respect, if the US cared they would have supported the  draft UN resolution asking for a full investigation #handsoffsyria



Sick of you song bird, retire!
-- every time you go to Syria, there's a chemical attack shortly thereafter. Why is that????

#Assad #FSA #rebels #AlQaeda
Maybe don't give the rebels chemical weapons old man
Do you care about the Yemenis and Palestinians who are suffering too or only the Arabs you can exploit for your regime change war agenda
Yep by YOUR terrorist fanboys of al qaeda/isis etc..  Dating the same goats they are?
it was probably a false flag orchestrated by you,you pos
MOST iN AMERIKA COULD CARE LESS SHAMEFUL... MEDIA HAS MOST ATTENTION ON TRUMPSTER THE TYRANT
Please resign ASAP!
No more contributions to GOP until your gone. All donations going to Trump endorsements. 
GET OUT OF THE WAY WAR MONGER!
you mean those killed by your terrorist rebel friends?
And who is behind the chemical attacks on Syrian children. Trump's sponsor Putin. Rise up for your country, senator!
We are also horrified by the healthcare bill the Republicans are passing. Come on John get with it.
the very same children your GOP friends support banning from our country
I don't know how the world and humanity can tolerate these crimes that is not in 19 century but now with all human being progress
@SenJohnMcCain Wants us to see what Syria does, but openly against having a temporary extreme vetting ban so this doesn't occur in America
And the hundreds of thousands dead and displaced from years of on-going civil war exacerbated by Russia and the US.
Got any proof who did these attacks? You know, actual proof?
You almost sound like you care about our country.  We all know better, you sexual assault enabler. #trumprussia #notamaverick
@carol_NC66 I am also horrified at your lack of urgency on Trump and his crooked cabinet, Party over country is unacceptable
WAR MONGER! McCain needs to RETIRE ! Disgrace!
Just another way of you making money! You need to go!
We are horrified by you being a traitor to the Republican party. Retire !
I am horrified by your collaboration with Trump. What do they have on you to make you betray your country? FFS!!!
all ppl of conscience should be horrified by these images
Comey was fired
No kidding... getting special committee and bit that trader trump out!
do your job. Call for an independent investigation.
Like the Russians did in Afghanistan back in the 1980s.
Vietnam Afghanistan Iraq Yeman Libya Syria your torture Centres ? You and your governments have backed dictatorship and regimes from hell .
What about agent Orange? and all the deformed and mutilated children still being born in Vietnam thanks to your involvement Hypocrite.
Tell us about the Americans who died on USS Liberty!
We are, but right now we are more concerned about losing our democracy.

Maybe Trump can bomb a park or something in retaliation. His last "retaliation" was pretty poor.
sorry John McCain. You have lost all confidence of American people. Your a liberal.
Your party wants to keep them out so it's tough to feel your sincerity on this issue sir
What cha gonna do about
not to be lost in the news, children held in jails on our border in for profit jails.
Where are U man?? We have huge issues in DC. U go limp on critical issues but stand tall re: bison or other non hot seat issues. @KirkNason
You're embarrassing ur daughter & POTUS supporters by refusing 2 back r president...as looney & hypocritical as the Dems r they stand united
Not enough cruse missiles made for assad
All people should be shocked at the disgraceful way Trump fired Comey
Stop politicizing human tragedies for political posturing. It is what the democrats do. Oh wait you are acting like a democrat. Retire!!!
So much for the "brave maverick." People believed your press but you havent stood up bravely in 60 years. History will be harsh to you.
All people in America should be horrifed thatnyou dont care that your President fired the man investigating his treason with Russia.
This is so insane! Why would anybody think this is ok! Evil hearts! I'm at a loss of words!
How about the millions people about to lose health coverage? Here, yes right here, due to your party's slavery to tax cuts for the rich.
Being horrified doesn't help or change anything. Actions do.
when will congress act...this is horrifying and i feel so helpless
Did you just notice? Wake up JM!!! We all saw it. Pretty sure we responded. No one sent you that memo? Damn your age is showing
You, Mc Insane, are no one to lecture anyone about conscience these days. Fail.
Please let refugees in.
Yes, every celebrity,liberal, Senator, Judge,Democrat who want USA 2 take in refugees should be required 2 take them into their homes 4 free
Then get the Russian puppets out of the White House.
PLEASE HELP US STOP THESE MAD MEN
thank u senator We really hope this can be in the open, if #trump has nothing to hide then lets get it all out. #TrumpRussia
Of course we wouldn't want to save any of them by taking them in to our country, right? Talk is cheap.
Encourage your Potus to let the refugees in then
Could we do something about a certain president Trump who loves the Putin guy who's giving cover to gas these kids?
I am horrified that you don't support @POTUS  get with the program senator.
Ok, Comrade. McCain will be hosting the old Communist party with Trump, Kissinger and Russian ambassador at White House. Enjoy, traitors!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLiI7lv1S08 …
Typical @SenJohnMcCain retweeting #fakenews CNN
Where did the trillions of "lost dollars" from the Pentagon go?

Do your Fucking job!!!
Awful...
Senator, with great respect (Sgt E-5 '64-'68) and a supporter of Syrian refugees, Sir tell us why you are not attacking DJT?
we are that's why we should provide refugee in US
Understood Senator, but we are toothless in any endeavor if our potus is undermining everything our country stands for. Stand up for  Sen.
You mean the Russian-assisted chemical attack on civilian populations?
Lost in news: You just said ion camera that Trump firing the person in charge of his investigation is a "diversion?!" U sold out. #impeach
But 59 tomahawks?!
Coming to Arizona at all for your voters? Or are you the Senator for Syria now. Arizonians are going to start dying as well. 
Medicated all.
As a child of Halocaust survivors I am deeply affected. Pls do not allow Trump to destroy USA which is the only country that can stop this
So bomb another airport,but call them first so they can move their planes and promise not to bomb runway ok?
Please take a stand about Comey's firing. You can't ride 2 horses with 1 saddle brother.
Ron Paul is literally on Kremlin payroll
It's too bad our president is aligned with Putin and Assad. Will you do anything about, or is it party over country again? Impeach now!
Horrifying but I wouldn't trade all of them for one Joshua B Madden or one Greg Rundell. Not my problem.
All Americans should be horrified by your inability to keep Trump in check. I would expect the same of Dem leaders if the POTUS was a Dem.
Don't see @realDonaldTrump tweeting about this. I guess its not important or on 45 things to do today list. It all about calling names again
We are TOO BUSY BEING HORRIFIED BY CONGRESS LETTING CRIMINAL TRAITOR @realDonaldTrump & RUSSIA TAKE OVER R DEMOCRACY. & take away HEALTH CA
We are and you bring this up now because?  Your inference with this pic has to do with the continuation of the Russia narrative. #resign
True, but your President met with Assad's enablers in the WH, and with only RU media present. Time to step up, Senator
"Assad enabler"? #Assad was elected by 88%. People of #Syria ADORE him & fall @ his feet. Free education, healthcare, freedom was everywhere
People of conscience are horrified by all wars. Too bad you aren't. Images are horrifying in any war. Stop trying to get us into Syria.
Thank you John McCain
I don't disagree but the #republican administration is making that really hard. Too horrified by what's happening here to think abt Syria 
Praying for them.
Nice sleight of hand.
So sad
Thankyu John God bless yu
PLEASE stay focused on getting rid of Trump!
