Always country BEFORE party, no? I want a patriot first and a party follower second (or third or eighth or twentieth) serving in government.
How so? Please be specific.
I love you Senator but its Fox.
Faux News Sunday. Chris Wallace : you're better than that.  Time to move on.
Oh, faux as in fake- I get it how clever! You are such a smart boy! How did you ever come up with that?
Can't take credit for it. I read it somewhere.  Pretty good huh ?
NOT really! A recent Harvard poll shows that Fox is the only channel that is fair to this president with a few more negative stories 52/48.
Perhaps Faux News is biased towards Trump.
If you can't Senator support the President, step down!! Why are you fueling this Russian crap, lost all respect for you.
McCain is intent on war w/Russia! Perhaps to cover his corruption in the Middle East?
Where do you get this shit? Can you prove McCain corrupted the middle east
? If not, you can be sued. Best way to shut down crap spreaders.
sue me then, hilarious!
All you do is badmouth our President. You are not a Republican. I once supported you but NEVER again.
John McCain speaks his mind. There's too little of this in Washington.
President Trump speaks his mind too and gets crucified for it.
Well deserved !
Wish you would stop slandering the president. Just because you lost, you should grow up.
Selling our infrastructure? To foreign countries? Through blackrock? What?
Stop this vendetta that you have with President Trump rejoin the republican party and support him if not its time to retire and go away. .
TRUMP LISTENS TO KNIW ON
No one wants to hear anymore from you McCain! We have heard what you have to say and  R SICK of it! Also we R NOT interested in Megans rants
I hope u discuss the corruption & lies coming from 45, his administration and family 
Major of Americans demand truth on #Trumprussia
Sorry for your luck, McCain deals only in dossiers that are made up of terrible sick lies.
Yep, hope that's part of the investigation, too!
Funny, it's usually the liberals on here who name call but never give facts!
Saw it. As usual, criticizing the President. Same ole, same ole. Sad
Where is the evidence of Trump wrong doing John McCain!  Why don't you retire!  Good LORD!
All you do is go on TV.  #RetireMcCain #TermLimits

Interview very disappointing. The US is being damaged by the hysterical Russia narrative by the media and @TheDemocrats. ZERO EVIDENCE
Sen McCain why don't you yank your head out of your old ass. Support Trump!
McCain is in bed with BIG BUSINESS and they support him and his campaign. 
Arizona is ashamed of McCain and he should resign
WE IN AZ SURE ARE!!! Not only that but we hate the traitor!!! HE only WON REELECTION B/C OF TRUMP DOWN BALLOT OTHERWISE HE WAS DONE IN AZ!
NO HE WON BECAUSE OF THE LIES HE PUT OUT ABOUT KELLI WARD. THEY SAID SHE WAS AGAINST BORDER SECURITY & FUNDING OUR MILITARY 
THAT'S FALSE
Kelli Ward was a State legislator had Nothing to do with the border or our military
Time to retire Sen McCain thank u for ur servicr
I voted for you once, but now I would swallow broken glass before I ever voted for you again. When will you stand for something.
Billion dollar weapons deal?
If you can't support our president you need to change parties or at least shut your mouth.  this investigation is baseless and you know it
I have nothing but respect for ur service, but u need 2 start supporting POTUS!! Work w him. Stop denigrating & working against him!! #MAGA
McCain, you know there is no evidence of Trump/Russian collusion, but you like the lib publicity and talk shows, so you keep narrative going
Thank you for your service to America @SenJohnMcCain. Please retire and enjoy the rest of your days.
TY for past sacrifices and service.Voted for you.sent $ 4 ur election. Now UR bitter RINO.Time for you to support prez or resign sir. Really
Wallace thought he'd interview the biggest RINO for more Trump bashing?
JEALOUSY, JEALOUSLY, JEALOUSLY, YOUR A NOBODY THAT NOBODY LISTENS 2 B/C U HAVE NO VOICE! ...YOUR A NOBODY PERIOD! SO KEEP YOUR PIE HOLE SHUT
I cannot tolerate anything that you spew. Get behind our #POTUS @realDonaldTrump or get out of GOP you're embarrassing yourself
Give'em hell,I despise the Establishmentarians" they have damn near destroyed our country"do nothings !
Defending a man who is attempting to destabilize America as directed by Putin. You aren't a hero, you're a coward.
McCain is great example of needing term limits
Why don't you just don't just join the Democrat Party? I know you hate Trump but you are really going off the rails-big League!
Songbird for the deep state @SenJohnMcCain
Sellout
You sure were - please keep talking - it only firms up our belief that the establishment must go - that means you.
Grandfather, Army Air Corp pilot: POW Germany. Retired Air Force Colonel. We appreciate your service, Sir, but can no longer support you.
Didn't know you were a professional talk show person. Thought you were a senator. Do your job! You have had 8 years to come up w a HC bill.
Sir with all due respect your level of disrespect does not show well on u. #dutyhonorcountry!
I STAND WITH TRUMP! YOU ARE AN ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! RINO ON STEROIDS! PLEASE RETIRE!!!!
You're an old-degenerate. Wonder you saved Brezhnev. Would be better if you killed the Viet Cong!
#ImpeachMcCain
I think it's time you retire !!
Is it true you were pardoned by Nixon and saved from a firing squad? (Asking for a friend)
Dear Arizona:  this crazy old Man needs to go. Drain the swamp!
John McCain was released from Vietnam, in exchange for his betrayal, and he is a senator)) You have to be judged for this.
One of the most disturbing interviews ever! Sen. YOU totally represent the swamp and why we simply MUST have #termlimits AZ's should #recall
McCain, it's time to retire.
Seriously why do you only talk and tweet? Why not take some real action against this very dangerous clown in the wh???
Reagan was not in the USSR when he gave the 'Tear down this wall' speech. I doubt he would have shouted that before the Soviet republics.
I'm surprised that you are willing to throw @POTUS under bus with no proof even Dershowitz said there isn't anything shame on you #stooge
Lmao this cuck .. there is a reason he didnt win 08 failed Cuck nation
No thanks, you two of the kind snakes in disguise #Traitors.
USS Forrestal
Retire Senator, retire now before weird stuff starts to surface.
My God!  You've been screwing shit up here for the past 10-15 years and you don't see what TF you've been doing?  You are actually senile!!!
I agree in the past we did stand up for moral injustice, but the world is in crisis, with terrorism, so instead of standing on our high
horse, who is  going to listen when you are judging them? We are trying to stop the killing of innocent people. He did mention human rights.
Why do you need a TV audience? Your ego is not serving our country. If @realDonaldTrump had stood against you, I doubt you'd been reelected.
RINO!!!!!
Enjoy your time John McCain because the people Who voted for Trump see right through you. You're as transparent as a sheet of glass.#phony
You've got to give the Democrats credit they stand by each other unlike the cowardly Republicans.  Each man for himself. # Minority soon
McCain hope Chris asks you about your part in fake Russia stagged Bull Crap Probe!Tell us about Fake Dossier&McMullin fake Intel  crumbs 
Here's the Intel you were trying 2 force feed through McMullins sister Emily who works 4 a Hillary donor! FISA??? #RobertMueller @StateDept
Senator McCain, we need you to stop trash talking our President already. Time to put your ego aside and support DJT.
RINO McCain did you drink from the Soros tap? If you can't support our President then get the hell out of the Senate. You are a disgrace! 
McCain u are a scum bag & what is wrong with the side of your face?U are a failed candidate with no honor.Wish u never got out of your cage
You want leakers jailed but it's ok if Trump leaks classified info to Russians. Double standard? Is Trump above the law? Since when?
Were you this insubordinate to the POTUS when you served in the military as you are to President Trump?
You were an ass in this interview. No idea why comey was fired; u responded to rumored comments by POTUS; how about no comment until confirm
Get real. RESIGN!!!
Comey had to go.
Failed on Clinton
Failed to act properly on Clinton releases
Check your brainwashing past.
RESIGN!!!!
Many reasons to fire Comey and you can't see it because your rhino head is up your butt! #draintheswamp
You have no moral authority to speak. You blocked the accounting of the POWs that weren't returned from Vietnam
Tired of the negativity toward @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. If you had won 8 years ago, America would have been spared dealing with Obama years.
He and other senators are doing their job as a check to presidential power just like against Obama. It is what makes America great already
Everyone in the various intelligence agencies all said this is nothing there.  Gets old.  May be time for McCain to retire.
If there was nothing there what is happening with Flynn? Why is there now a special prosecutor? Let's let it play out and see what happens.
Looking more and more stupid and sided with the Democrats.
I just wonder if McCain or his staff see how his ideas and narrative are dismissed by not just the majority on here, it's almost unanimous
You sound like obama when you say "this isn't who we are" Shut up, rinos and Dems don't define who we are. Go away #DrainTheDeepState
Have some balls @SenJohnMcCain , you used to (till U were bought?), & go on @democracynow . Stop hiding behind @FoxNews & @GOP spin, Sir
you have now become as vile as GI Jane back in the day! SAD!
Makes perfect sense for 2 Libs to chat and affirm themselves. Frustrated that you can't take down the President of the United States?
Youre NOT a rebublican. Obviously you have not gotten over "Hero Being Captured" comment. Get over it and stop being a political sound bite.
U don't know why DT fired Comey? He blew the Clinton investigation & then took on a prosecutor role. Then grandstanded before the election
to me you are becoming as vile as Jane Fonda back in the day! SAD!
You have lost your mind crypt keeper!
Thank you for your military service but it's time to #draintheswamp and that would include you.
What is wrong with u McCain, Comey was not highly respected, every investigation was a failure. You really are a democrat.
Looking and sounding stupid
Are you really a republican? You need to stand up for our president! In my eyes you are a traitor to our party! So glad you not president!
fake news. Go retire and expire
Your hypocrisy & arrogance is staggering, Senator. Were u bringing up human rights to the anti-Assad militants? Ur terrible & untrustworthy.
Interesting back peddle there Senator.
You're such a democrat in Republican clothing. You are so damn disloyal. I would think you of all people would recognize the damn PRESIDENT!
You came off as SENILE - comparing this nonsense to Watergate.
Coward not a hero.  Trump really called it I hate to say but you have no concern for anyone but yourself.
Support those that elected you,  Not the ones that voted against you!
When is Mc Cain going to learn to me a team player?
He sounds and looks a bitter loser..
American ppl should not have to see you on Fox News with republican by your name. Traitor.
Who cares
You are on the wrong side of history & the wrong side of the American people. Out of touch w/middle & working class. #sad #NotaMaverick
You're all talk and no action.
Chief RINO John McCain is only jealous. You get to see the real problems with the GOP when the John McCain's speak.
Remember  " Build the damn wall !", advertisement in  your last Az Senate race,,. what happened to that ?, Y wasn't that pursued viguriously
Y weren't special councils appointed 4 Obama's real scandals, weak RINOS march 2 Lies of the NutJob Dems&Media, ..Y !?!?!
I'd rather shave my head then watch fox news
@SenJohnMcCain needs less skepticism of @realDonaldTrump and more holding lying colleagues accountable. #brokenamerica Prosecute leakers.
What are you going to say John to undermine this historic trip in front of @CNN or @maddow and all MSM. You are their favorite pissing boy.
You fake republican rhino being paid by soros. Are you serious
Pls support ur own party and the pres. We voted 4 him and would appreciate your help.
Such a disgrace for the Republican Party and senate
you Sir are an embarrassment to your country and family . Either respect our President or retire it's time
Damn straight. Looking at you AZ. How the hell do you keep letting this happen?. I mean really. Make him go away.
What's your favorite? Being on tv or just being a POS back stabber?

No thanks..
I have admired your courageous stands in the past. When are you going rally the senate concerning Trump atrocities?
Tale of Two Losers.
You Mr. McCain are no different than the liberals...a poor loser!
Your a Hack
Who Cares?
Please retire
This Guy is a corrupt Maverick Poster Boy for Terms Limits Drain the Cess Pool Swamp this Guy has to go owned  A DINOSAUR
You should retire, we've had enough of your sabotaging ass.
No one cares lol
Yawn ...... You're a CNN & MSNBC pawn.
@SenJohnMcCain you are a damn disgrace! #SONGBIRD
John, the left and some on right have declared WAR.  they are destroying the peaceful transfer of power after an election!!
Don't help them!
Yea, you can't wait to attack Trump. Retire! And please tell s why Nixon pardoned you? You're supposed to be a hero! 
No one wanted you as POTUS so you were never elected.  President Trump finally represents the US and is respected world wide.
McCain, I use to respect you but no longer do with your weak Dems stance. You should finally retire.
Trump won the election. The GOP was jus along for the ride.
Your soooo popular John mccain. Ever feel used bro?
Time for McCain to retire and shut up. Sick of his criticism of Trump. Not a real reoublican
Mulleur needs 2 investigate the unmasking  leak of citizen Flynn 1st! I will help him,start with obama,lynch,H Clinton &Susan Rice!Espionage
This explains Y Dems & corrupt republicans don't want anybody that no's how the criminal Dems & est republicans do their criminal business!
Sad to know you believe the circle of secrets when the secret isn't the same when it comes full circle.
FOLLOWER'S OF PRESIDENT TRUMP
WON ELECTION! AND WE HAVE THE SENATE & THE HOUSE! WE HAVE NO TOLERANCE ! FOR SLANDERING! INVESTIGATE HILLARY!!
You're not prez, not a candidate.  Ur time is past.  STFU!  Advise the prez in private you ass, not national tv.  Support @realDonaldTrump
Go away u old rino. U didn't win and u r not president. So sick of you & @MeghanMcCain defending u
Why do you bother calling yourself "R"? The Trump wh should come forward w mistakes and fire people? So far only accusations have been made!
