you need to stand up for America!
as mccain commits even more horrific crimes of his own veterans in his own state! All this talk while so many die
@amnestyusa @amnesty shut up WarMonger!! We remember your photo op with Terrorists in Syria you help funded!!!
Worry about VETS in your home state!  Remember?  Take your MEDS!
Why aren't you standing up to Trump's embrace of Putin?
We're all waiting for an answer to this. @SenJohnMcCain
I call bullshit. He's stronger than that.
His re election is more important than standing up 4 country, moral decency? BS
& new POTUS wants a relationship with Putin who is responsible for keeping Assad in power. #POTUSTrumpnomorals
so what should we do act like Obama and Hillary and go and take out these presidents like they did
So you might have a problem them w/US admin actively backing Russians actively backing Assad.  (We're on Assad's side now.)
... And to think Trump has so much respect for Putin and Assad. Frightening.
Is that better or worse than the opposition.  Both commit horrid crimes. Want ISIS in power?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @amnesty Result of Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
Trump & Putin believe in Torture Investigate him now
@amnestyusa @amnesty this is fake news - shame on you amnesty
so now know the Truth ! Will Assad be punished for these heinous crimes like saddam Hussain or not - Spain is !
Assad. Putin and Trump has to be held accountable. Thin skin & vindictiveness no trait for the POTUS
john mccain shuld be held accountable for meeting with alqaead terrorists
you're a beacon of truth and integrity. I'm not a republican, but as a veteran I appreciate the content of your character.
I guess 45 is loving this, since he is a fan of torture. Sickening.
where was your outrage at Obama for what he allowed to happen in Syria
You have organised Islamic terrorist who he won.  Ur more criminal.
Gitmo is much prettier, and lets not forget 2,220,300 in US prison system.
No mention here of your votes in favor of Sessions and Devos. Are you PROUD of those votes?
WHAT DID YOU THINK WAS GOING TO HAPPEN?!? 
P.S. "Russia Claims Victory" - the headline the morning after Aleppo
maybe mccain should look in his own state to stop innocent deaths and he dies nothing to stop it
Can we have similar records of US violation of international agreements eg Iraq, Yemen and all the places we drone?
Trump wants an alliance with Putin and Assad. We are looking to you to stop him. These are not legit leaders.
the song birds synopsis on torcher.
US Gov seems to be supporting Trump & GOP #ANTIAMERICAN #UNPATRIOTIC
@amnestyusa @amnesty can we also get a look inside our black sites?
Putin is a killer Trump says US Gov is a killer #TraitorTrump is a Putin supporter  #ANTIAMERICAN #UNPATRIOTIC
such torture is not the answer. Unfortunately Assad  is dealing with animals, rapists terrorist cold blooded killers
Nigeria govt led by Islamic extremists is continuing killing Biafrans for demanding for Self-Rule. What did u say?
SirU suffered at hand of enemy U know  enemy Save us from Pres.who threw America under bus who's infatuated w/ putin
#letlizspeak! 
Hmmm ok when Senator Merkley reads the letter-- but not Ms. Warren? #letlizspeak #nosessions
and no one can do nothing ?Isreal protect this criminal he killed one million Syrian ?
"Amnesty International is primarily motivated not by human rights but by publicity. 2nd comes money" - Francis Boyle
what about bush family, they make biggest crime against humanity 
Thank you for your service Sir..I hope UNowho will follow your advise on this 
Respectually, Senator.  What are you going to do about it?  Help US All
we welcome LEGAL immigrants see how refugees act in Shlbvl TN but I'm sure it's our fault. IF PAID BY SOROS DO U PAY TAXES
How long has this been going on?
Why didn't you do something then. Always use it for your political advantage RINO
lots of respect to you and what you do sir. Cameroon is deteriorating fast!
-Assad should have gone 20 years ago. There must be reasons why neither the Israelis nor we have taken him out.Putin
Maverick done turned into Milk toast in front of the Nazis!
what are you going to do about this?
Your vote for Devos was a crime against humanity. Shame on you and the $50,000 your campaign took from her family.
... I think McCain is saving his screams until it concerns our national security.
... And it's getting closer.
Thank you sir for your continued honesty!
you are weak sir
Sellout. 1 vote could have stopped the outrageously unqualified DeVos but you have no guts and don't dare defy #TinyHands
Assad is a dictator but there was no ISIS before civil war third world may need dictator to control zealots
then advocate for the refugees!
Yeah, but McCain supports DT who supports torture!!!
Do the Republicans love America or just Republicans? I think it's the latter.
@amnestyusa @amnesty matherfukker
@NamanTarcha Cos'è? Un videogioco ?
where do you stand in banning innocent lives fleeing this horrific environment? With the WH or with the humane?
God has a special place in hell for a man like Assad
He is a war criminal and the international community must act to save the Syrian people. Thank you for sharing it.
@amnestyusa @amnesty It's a crime against humanity that you voted for DeVos.
but no worldwide protests against Assad why not?
Your help creating ISIS is a crime against humanity. Put some clothes on senator...
Russia & the US need to stop this. Assad can't be put back in power and continue it. It's horrific
I used to admire u. Not so much anymore
@amnestyusa @amnesty Why is no one standing up to trump including you? #TakeBacktheHouse #rememberin2018 #GoBlueState
@amnestyusa @amnesty Senator please support President Trump 
@amnestyusa @amnesty please support our fellow man by standing up to Trump administration for the Land of the Free & Brave.
why on earth would you vote for Devos?
Read @amnesty report on Ahrar al-Sham and other prominent rebel groups while you're at it
@amnestyusa @amnesty we'll be right there with them thanks to your lack of balls to stand up to a dicktator
@amnestyusa @amnesty thanks for all you do to work towards a safer world! #staystrong
And yet you voted to put @BetsyDeVos in charge of OUR schools? What kind of schools you think Assad's kids go to?
and Guantanamo?
@amnestyusa @amnesty So fake POTUS supports Putin, who supports Assad...does this mean US now supports Assad too?
You are such a let down. Honestly, you have zero honor. DeVos? Really?
@amnestyusa @amnesty Agree. However, when  will U show independence & join fight against Trump regime?
@amnestyusa @amnesty like you really care. You voted yes on DeVos! Where's your backbone? Stop voting party lines!
Y Trump lavando le la cara a Putin quien es parte de eso!
hypocrite
@amnestyusa @amnesty That would be the Assad supported  by your president's friend & helper Putin. Do something about it!
have to same passion for the education system. Voting for Devos is going to be costly mistake
you don't give a shit when you vote for Tillerson. Keep on rubberstamping Dolt 45
Great to take our minds off of the fact that you just voted for Betsy DeVos
why aren't you doing more against Trump?
stop enabling Trump Senator.
don't care about Assad, more concerned with what you're doing for AZ...
please stand up for American children. Vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Please
I totally agree with you sir. Today I urge you to vote no on DeVos PLEASE!
please don't allow DeVos to undermine our nations public schools.  You know what's right.  I wish you'd ran for Pres. in 2016
Putin supported Assad the Horrible. SAY IT!!!
It is appalling.
We have to befriend them. For economic stability and $! Sarcasm
Nothing is changed in mankind History...torture ,prison,regime,crimes...it's sad to say ..but we'll hope in future
I believe in you sen. McCain. I trust you know exactly what to do working behind the scenes, waiting for your moment
Where were you on 9/11 John? Pinocchio.
Saddling us with DeVos is a crime against children and their futures!
So OK Senator, what are we gonna do about it now that we have a Russian puppet for president?
Sessions is a racist and his track record has kept him from becoming a fed atty. keep racists away from the WH
I am terribly sorry about your friend in Russia. Please lead by example today and vote NO TO DEVOS!!!!
and Assad is "warming" to president trump
stand up and be a statesman show u REALLY care vote NO on incompetent unqualified DEVOS be the unique American we believe u r
. @SenJohnMcCain I show Return With Honor to Students (pub schl) Your sacrifice matters. @POTUS diminished it. Shameful please sir #noDevos
Take a look at our public schools and save them! Don't be a coward and say #noDevos
It's a good thing you balanced these tough words with a vote for Rex Tillerson, Putin and Assad's man at State.
vote no to DeVois
vote no on Devois
Maybe like the US with waterboarding.We torture too
please focus on your jod here at home...
Please vote no on Ms DeVos
why are you voting for DeVos?  Be bold.  You know she is not qualified.  #education. #devos
Trump and Putins buddy right there.
and yet U said nothing about this during Obama's Presidency, U were quite
There is a reason why other presidents have failed with with guy! it's always been b/c he does not play by the rules
@margbrennan @amnesty   another Saddam....
You need to speak for all children today give them a voice & give them a future. Please give them a chance! Vote No on Devos
Then why are you supporting Trump and his buddy Putin?
Funded by Soros. It all makes sense now. Resign.
No on DeVos, Senator!
Put on agenda: save America from The grasps of the man who is turning our country into a fascist regime! DANGEROUS!
That doesn't make it ok to overthrow a govt the way Obama & Hillary tried to do (and what you seem to want)!!
Russia is on Assads side which means Americans are on Assad's side @POTUS is going to support Putin. Wake up!!!
Quit putsing around and get some nominees confirmed. 894/899
yes, we abhor crimes against humanity. A vote for DeVos is a crime against kids.  #NoonDeVos
what are you doing to stop the dictator in the White House? You're better than this.
we must be more severe with murderers like Assad and Putin
this is so disturbing Putin has a hand in big war crimes against humanity where is the outrage
I never voted against republicans....until trump.  What a disaster for the nation and the world and freedom.
thank you for your service Senator!!
How is the investigation of election results with Putins help going
oh God in Heaven how awful!
13000 hanged.  Yet, the POTUS is cozy with Russia who backs Assad.  This is wrong.
yes why aren't you standing up? Are you afraid? Did they threaten you? Yes? If no, prove it and VOTE AGAINST DEVOS!
Then help protect us. Vote #noDevos #NoSessions and spearhead #impeachTrumpnow @Arizona_Strong  @AZ4Change
Please expose Trump's ties to Russia.
so why aren't we standing up to Putin instead of praising him??? #ImpeachTrump
PLEASE STAND WITH AMERICAN PEOPLE WE BEG U SAY NO TO #BetsyDeVos , HAVE YOU HEARD US?
Boo. You sold out. DeVos was not in America's best interests.
Where are the tweets about the CIA?  Don't they use similar places in other countries?  #antiwar #warcrimes
china has a medic contingent and what r they doing?
BUT SIR WHAT ABOUT YOUR ISIS BUDDIES THAT U TALK TO ALL THE TIME ? AS YOU'VE STATED LIVE ? RETIRE SIR, ITS OVER
please say no to Betsy DeVos. He approval would be a slap in the face of American children #nobetsydevos
maybe you should support our a president and not the establishment and  the world would not be such a messy!Sad!
Stand against Trump.  You know he is the greatest threat to our democracy, our freedom.  Stop him at every turn!
GROW A PAIR  -- the very least u could do, VOTE NO FOR DEVOS! U r or were a hero, but ur recent history will shadow legacy
.@SenJohnMcCain @amnesty ehi John tell me about #Guantanamo and other US secret prisons around the world where your friends tortured people
and so does the opposition.  who do you want in power in Syria. Anyone but assad?
you are better than GOEBBELS with #fakenews @SenJohnMcCain @amnesty
be a leader. Vote no on DeVos. Break free.
go be a war hero there John
they r druging prisoners
please vote #NoOnDeVos. It is the right thing to do. She's going to be like Michael Brown in charge of FEMA. Remember??
boy it's too bad there's nothing you can do about this! Oh wait you can! You have enormous power as a swing vote in Senate!
too bad he is just another puppet in the trump reality show of how fast can americ get bombed
thank you for bringing attention to this
thank you for being a grown up with a moral compass. I don't always agree with you, but am always willing to hear you out.
will the United States Senate do something about this?  This is the Assad/Putin Your GOP president planning to ally
PLEASE stand UP and vote NO on DeVos!! She's a horrible candidate
Assad is man Putin supports yet DT had gaul to claim moral equivalence between USA and Putin's murderous kleptocracy
And Assad just called Trump, "Promising".  You do the math, John.  Impeach!
weren't you hanging out with some pretty shady people over there yourself a few years back?
No matter what your political beliefs are this has to stop. Putin-Assad are killers and the US cannot just ignore
Nos to DeVos
you just voted in putins best friend. Sad! hope you do the right thing for no on devos
who has the responsibility to call for immediate release of Aleppo, Abdulhadi Kamel?
Will you still stand with our allies when @POTUS decides to flip sides? Would your party let these things continue?
Maybe @POTUS should read up on this before he continues to stroke Putins ego. Sensible voice required b4 he loses it
what about your DeVos vote?  Pay for play?  Party over country?
is this what your employer-Soros told you to focus on today?
