then DO SOMETHING. stand up to your party!!!!!
I'm worried about Sessions. You seem to be the only one making sense.  Do something!
your right. We need fresh ideas - and you don't have any. #careerpoliticians #dinosaur #goaway #byebye
besides bitching, what are you doing about it?
oh shut up.  You're there forever and have done nothing but blah blah blah.
Because the @GOP  is willing to tolerate Russian agents in thier ranks.
John, you've been there for years. Your results are horrible. Move over and let those who deliver take your place.
Sir then do something You are on all these committees but still nothing is better! What's up?
much more important to address these issues than contemplate an expensive physical military buildout. Please push relevancy.
haven't u been there forever?? #DYJ
No wonder @Snapchat IPO off the charts - #johnmccain is using it! #snapchat
Your buddy @SpeakerRyan is a coward. The world needs you step up now.
they're TRAITORS.. ITS THE NATIONLIST PARTY!  NOT GOP.. THEY IGNORED THE PEOPLE
Wow,after this tweet,CIA got hacked big time,CIA is woefully incompetent,our national security breached
Just what have we done in the last 8 years?  nothing.
Where is the investigation with russia? #SessionsMustResign #SessionsLied
I applaud you for asking Trump to produce his source,but you also need to ask why he doesn't mind the fact USA was hacked?
As Chairman, why are we here today? Shouldn't you have pushed to do something before now?
investigate Trump, etal. Then learn how russian hacking works. Then impeach Pres. Bippo the Clown and Bannon entourage. Redo!
true it screwed with our election
you are such a back biter
step up to independent investigation of Russian hacking
Enough talk Sen. DO SOMETHING!
All talk and no action - what an embarrassment - you need to retire!
no wonder with libtard dinosaurs like YOU
stand up to Jeff sessions!
You should consult with Steven L Hall (Tucson) former CIA Moscow bureau chief.
Then DON'T BUILD NUCLEAR MISSILES THAT CAN BE HACKED. Put the $ on the cyber stuff, rebuild infrastructure, #SaveACA.
Well, you're a Senator.  Get the ball rolling.  That's what we pay u for right?!
biggest threat is the whitehouse.
Yellow man! Turncoat of the ages. Wassup? MGEDYAY
John "the weasel"  McCain, isn't it time for you to retire?
Sir; you are one if the logical and sensible people in the GOP, keep up the good work.
good ur drawing attention to this much needed change.
That's because no self respecting programmer will work for them.
By them I mean the U.S. government. The pay is inadequate compared to private sector and application process is a nightmare.
Until those things are fixed the government will continue to have a talent shortage in cybersecurity/defence/offense.
Speak the subtext. We have a president who threatens us all and was installed by Russia. #investigate #impeach #imprison.
thank you for putting country first
and Russia is at the top of the list of attackers. Why is everyone looking away?!
Thank you Senator for your concern and candor.  You are correct. #SASC
Where have you been? Not a new problem. Trying to make yourself relevant?
so can the military budget be spent on this?
Please look into Trump's administration and Russia.
You need to look at the threat in the white house and cabinet before you deal with anything else. They are the most dangerous
We have had a new President and you are all over the news about him when we haven't heard from you in years! Ashamed? Yep!
Then do something about it you have been there sitting on your Butt for years what they problem with you RINOS? Hell 25 days!
ESPECIALLY DURING AN ACTIVE CAMPAIGN.
I agree with you. Russia is very good at it, apparently.
I will tell you why because brain fuck stupidity in teaching on the job training. Never mind pretending to care set n forget
you have third-party applications doing job of the operating system for one
do you have IT policy never enforced
and this is just the military
@AZAgainstTrump Can't get past his body language, fix tie, reading statement without eye contact, hmm wonder why this today?
Hey, what about your pal #Sessions?
dude your a has been. And I live in AZ. Wish we can take back our vote
AMEN! He is a Trader to our Party and has comes against @POTUS every chance he gets He's a Globalist!
you have nothing credible to say as long as you tow party line over National Security u bring shame 2 ur self.
please help us keep our democracy safe.  Sessions must resign. Independent investigation
threats increased during Trump's presidency, he encouraged Russia to hack.
that's the problem! What's the solution?
Well as we know it not going to come from this Trader he's a RINO That does nothing but yap yap yap
of course they are! They are wasting time & money on witch hunts against the Trump admin.
Our President calls "Russian"s hacking" #fakenews.Congress will have 2 prepare for cyberwars without the Prez's support
McCain giv it up .U kep chasng moonbeams & hav dun  nothng 4 t Arizona Vets. UR a Demin Repbs clothing. Alwys aganst UR party
so true Senator, but we have to make an example of ppl that acted as Russian agents during the election. PLEASE INVESTIGATE!
yup @POTUS  is going to help that! #not #unfit #disasterpresidency #isitoveryet
Sessions must go
the  United States has stopped issuing travel Visas in Cameroon and other African nations.Why? @thedailybeast
wow you must really need a major distraction from the treason alligations against you. #SONGBIRD
we need to follow the Estonian model: cyber conscription/reserves
War mongering McCain wants power thru intimidation and lies. Closet Democrat. Look at his campaign contributors. Asshat
well....DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!  geez Louise!
We don't agree on everything but I'm glad you have 100x the integrity of @JeffFlake
what about SESSIONS???
Yes. For example, we saw the DNC get hacked by Russia and yet congress continues to soft-pedal the investigation.
we remain unprepared for how much Russia has infiltrated our government. Call for @jeffsessions to resign!!
If only there was some body of people who could drive that issue forward...
