Now you can concentrate on DUMP TRUMP.... since you got your pick for SCOTUS.  #DumpTrump #Trumprussia
Ya sure. Mccain is a belicista! He wants WAR!
Can't believe you went against your constituents and voted for Gorsuch.  You're almost dead doing something for the American people!!!
Wash your hand Neil. McCain is dirty.
You will regret this.
So disappointed Mr. McCain.  So very disappointed.
you had to change the rules to confirm him... guess that makes him, as trump would put it, a so-called judge.
i hate that stupid argument. "They wouldn't have broken the rules if they had won"... the outcome is the same either way.
you do realize that Neil Gorsuch is going to the supreme court not ICE?
ugh! sad day for lots of pple, disabled, women, women, disabled.
Senator McCain.  On this subject,  we can agree.   Congratulations and good luck to you Mr. Gorsuch.
Not that great of judge to side with a company that would let a man freeze.I know how this guy will be voting,another Rep company man
one of which you cheated to get ...  what happens when trump is charged with treason ? does this pick get canceled ?
It should have been @MerrickGarland_ You  stole this seat. Shame on you...all of you!
don't think Neil's heart was in this picture - shaking hands with a Jane Fonda supporter
#MerrickGarland should have had that chance #shameongop
Congratulations.
Stolen seat!!
So disheartened you allowed the nuclear option to occur after you so boldly called them stupid! Forever changed Senate! GOP out!
Remember when we thought McCain had integrity that transcended partisan politics? HAH!
Agree. Notice they all are ignoring the Russia connections now? He's presidential because he's bombing Syria
You sold the American soul for that justice. Well done.
Why'd you support nuclear option if damaging to our democracy? Hypocritical!
Pretty bizarre that you opposed the way he was confirmed, yet then voted for the nuclear option, and are now gloating. And I liked you 
GOP dirty tricks.  Deny the legitimate nominee last year.  Then nuclear option.  
You do understand that Dems didn't have the votes to defeat a GOP filibuster.Joe Biden said that no SCOTUS should be nom in last POTUS year.
that shit so old, get outta here with that
U make me sick. @GOP HAS 2 lie & steal elections 2 promote their agenda 2 enrich the top 1%. & go to WAR. Ur NO PATRIOT BUT A TRAITOR 2ppl
Idiot
Who is that balding "stupid idiot" shaking that guys hand?
Disappointed #stolenseat   changed the rules to get your way.  #partyovercountry
It's a shame you had to ignore your principles and invoke the #nuclearoption in order to ramrod him into office.
Forever in the halls as the justice with and asterisk behind his name. *the one who was illegitimately put in.
the * Justice
The one republican I thought had some integrity, didn't you say the person who changed the rules was a "stupid idiot"
Have you no shame sir?
Another sign of how far from the base the GOP acts
We will see; how would he have voted on Citizens United.I hope you didn't like that decision.I have respected your position on $ in politics
As a way of saying thank you for voting for Gorsuch I won't make any more warmongering memes about you. If you trick us into removing Assad.
And I've spent last two days on Assad research... Then I'm gonna bring the meme hammer down on you bro
you're not fit to shake hands with Gorsuch. Go back to warmongering
Congratulations on forcing your way in to a stolen seat!!
Shame
What are you more proud of, not even giving Garland a hearing or breaking 200 years of tradition and killing filibuster for scotus?
We're disappointed in how you sold out democracy and checks & balances #partybeforecountry
Rigged vote, bad for democracy. Shame on gop
@JeffFlake Barf.
In the robe you stole! Karma coming your way
Now he will fight *against* minority's, woman's and worker's rights, you should be ashamed of what you've done.
Sad Day for us all. We're use to those lately. Doesn't make it any easier.
Sit down McCain, all you want is press. Wshbi had not voted for you!
Stolen seat.  GOP has no shame.
BAD FORM GOP. Shame on you
-NO THANKS TO YOU SONGBIRD/ WET START!!
Those of us who watched the GOP steal the SCOTUS seat from Obama are so very happy for you.
Sen McCain...don't lose focus. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA!
you have both lost all credibility
you should be embarrassed Senator @SenJohnMcCain
So bad. Gorsuch won't consider a single bill. Just rubber stamp his dull conservative mantra. Might as well put a bean bag in the seat.
John McCain, I have lots of respect for you, but confirming Gorsuch to a stolen seat means all Republicans are Putin's puppets.
you look like you hate each other.  Can understand why Gorsuch hates you.  #warmonger #thug #murderer
Thanks for representing the majority of the people and applying the nuclear-option by changing the rules in the Senate. Proud of you 
No congratulations from me. Cheatalini's "so-called judge". GOP changed the rules in order to get confirmed. GOP=SNEAKS, and CHEATS, THIEVES
Sen McCain can we bring justice 4/students & Fed Gov defrauded by Suffolk U&Law /Bstn 4/Stafford Loans w/o intent 2
You were a party to subverting our government here, McCain.
No congratulations. McCain is just talk@. N it comes to voting he falls n line with all the others. So we got Gorsuch. Phew!
You know this is wrong. Dishonorable.  Self serving.
illegitimate judge. He will always be that.
Real profile in courage Senator - decrying the nuclear option right up until you voted for it. Hypocrite.
To bad you voted to change the rules
not a proud moment, nuclear option never should have been invoked.
#StolenSeat #stolyou sold us out again! Seat belongs to Garland! Full INVESTIGATION into loser trump NOW  Drain the swamp Start with family
You have lost my respect sir.
This shows GOP contempt for democracy.Stolen This is stolen SCOTUS seat from democratically elected Obama admininstration. Disgraceful.
@SenJohnMcCain, GOP got what it wanted but will forever more create a court tainted by partisanship. Non-partisan centrist court gone.
Very nice, McCain, now about the investigation into Russian tampering with the election and ties to Trump.
So was Trump right? Cause you don't act like any kind of hero.
that was just 4 show. Heroes don't take away funding 4 programs benefitting the weak. Heroes stand up 4 the meek
First you allowed McConnell to steal the seat; then you allowed him to change the rules. Is this the America you fought for?
Senator McSellout
Shame shame shame!
Agreed but still you should retire.
You've become a joke. Shame on you
This is one of the biggest failures of our government. GOP Senators should hang their heads in SHAME! I hope you are ALL voted out. FAIL!
#StolenSeat @Gop are #hypocrites #liars and #unworthy of our #respect. You're also on the wrong side of history. #WeWillRemember #GetThemOut
Shameful
Should be ashamed you changed the rules to do this. He is now a fraud justice.  What's wrong with you people.
very disappointed in the part you played in stealing it.
You should be embarrassed to be a part of such glaring #GOPHypocrisy.
this will come back and bite you in the ass! Changing the rules to suit yourself is never a good idea
Shame on you.
HOW DARE YOU! This is a stolen nomination from a standing &HONESTLY elected president. You had to lie, cheat, steal for this confirmation.
photoshopped?
It will never be his seat.  Illegitimate.  He will forever be seated on Merrick Garland's bench. We will not forget.
Sir, I respect you deeply but I can't accept this permanent position from a temporary president.
#StolenSeat
#StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
Thought he was the #Republican Supreme Court Justice? You kind of voided the other when you exercised the nuclear option. #letsbehonest
Stolen seat will never be forgotten.  Will be forever remembered as illegitimate. Karma will come back on these traitors of our country.
I hope he remembers every single day that it should have gone to Merrick Garland!  Shame on the Senate for refusing to do their job then!
Garland
congratulations to Republicans for facilitating the first stolen SCOTUS seat in our nation's history.
yeah. you win this one. stolen a year ago
Not a happy day. Disappointed st so many levels. You all let us down
Too bad it was a stolen seat #MerrickGarland
The majority of Americans dont want this judge making decisions that affect our nation. But who cares about the majority of america, not you
Not...illegitimate President, now also a illegitimate Supreme Court Judge.  Shame to you and the rest of the republicans!
May God Guide you on all your decisions
Stolen seat
Now why would you do that.  Oh yea, sometimes you don't make the best decisions.  Remember Sarah Palin?  Your better than this Senator.
Appointed by a fraudulent pretender so that makes da judge a fraud too. If he had self respect he would have insisted on vote for Garland.
Had to push aside a qualified candidate & go nuclear to get enough votes. He's not legit & doesn't represent most Americans. Sad day for U.S
Can't understand why you have so much pride for stealing a seat and changing the rules to get this dude?
I did exactly that just before I saw your gif!!! Too funny.
The Stupid Idiot congratulates Gorsuch after he said only a Stupid Idiot would change Senate rules then voted to change them to confirm him!

I'm so disappointed in you, Mr McCain. I thought you had integrity.
Be default
Term limits!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so ashamed to call you my senator. You were obviously not listening to your constituents! Shameful!!
What have you done McCain? How could you do this? Feel deep, deep shame sir
Hanoi John, you are a traitor to all Americans.
Hypocrite! You voted for the nuclear option on Gorsuch and THEN you said it was a bad idea, no respect
Guess you're a "rogue" only when it suits you, hypocrite. #MerrickGarland
#StolenSeat
Blantantly unconstitutional. Kind of ironic.
This theft is reprehensible. Your obstructionism will be repaid in kind several fold. Patriots adhere to the Constitution.
Too bad he is grossly unqualified and corporate shill.
You stole a Court seat from the American people for partisan reasons. Not one of your finest hours.
Cheat to win.  Hope it bites you in the ass in the very near future.
A stolen Presidency a stolen Supreme Court if he was decent he would have stood up for Garland
#StolenSeat always.
Ohdear @SenJohnMcCainshort term memory loss New SCJ not independent thinker #Trumprussia #darkmoney #IndependentCommission #TrumpTaxReturns
You should be shaking hands with Merrick Garland today.
Integrity is not a strong suit for you or your party. Does anyone actually take the oath to defend the constitution seriously in the GOP?
Rubber Stamp!
This should also mean Trump can't pick another Supreme Court in his last year of presidency right since you didn't allow President Obama
You did not represent me in your decision. Was there even a decision or was it just a Repo thing all along?
Well McCAIN you rethugs will be be having a lot of your seats taken in midterms2018 but it wouldn't be done the corrupt way smh

Shouldn't that read "newest Corporate Supreme Court Justice "? He certainly is not going to look out for us lowly humans.
We'll all I can say is I hope he has an epiphany on the road to Damascus and starts to understand the Constitution is a living document.
Ironic that a man who is supposed to PROTECT the system, got his seat by GAMING that same system. He got that seat by a cheat.
Congratulations on being a lemming.
I guess he fooled you snowflakes as bad as his base.
Justice*
How could you help them change the rules?
Illegitimate like the president
You will not be happy with the price you paid for this after 2018.
GOP are the ass holes. Will you blame mexicans for the stolen seat?
It's Official. The U.S. government has become a Tyranny. Therefore the U.S. Government is now an enemy of the Constitution. Miltary, DoUrJOB
Thanks for your vote against women's rights.  #notmysenator #notmyjustice.  Too many old white farts making laws for diverse Americans!
The end does not justify the means, sir.
Illegitimate justice seat stolen by corrupt GOP. Just know what goes around, comes around.
#illigitimate SCOTUS
The man with the asterisk. 
#StolenSeat
Really after all the games & rule changes @GOP had to do in order to get him in.. I wouldn't be celebrating
I would be. Gorsuch is fantastic for future of United States. maybe try watching him speak for himself rather than snope soundbyte
I love you, Senator, but BOOOOOOO to #NeilGorsuch !!!!
SAD DAY FOR AMERICA!!
And goodbye to equal rights.  I demand forced vasectomies to any father who refuses to raise their child.  From birth.
Each day that goes by you show more of yourself. Big words, no stick. Where is your conscience? Shame on you.
Alternative-SCOTUS. GOP has kowtowed to an alternative-reality TV actor. How does that make you feel, @SenJohnMcCain ?
Really? A stolen seat that Obama was to fill. Could not because Repubs refused to do their job. U support that? Betray democratic process
How can you stand there with a smile after what you and the rest of the gop did to get him elected shame on you
You used to be "The Maverick". Now just another #GOP patsy.
I'm sorry, but I can't respect you on this one. Not after the despicable denial of Obama's nominee.  Country before party.
did you supprt Garland hearings?
that seat should have been Merrick Garlands! That was Obamas nomination to give and you know it Senator.
Whatever his qualifications, it still strikes me as a major issue that the Senate BLOCKED consideration of another qualified candidate. Why?
Sorry McCain you are part of the problem typical Republican BS
Here between your tough 'maverick' talk about holding #trump accountable is just another example of your real attitude...party over country.

Your legacy will be that of a politician who sold out when he was needed the most. Thanks you very little.
Screw that it was stolen by changes rules and abstruction YOU helped with. YOU ARE NOT A HERO SUPPORTING TRAITORS!
Shameful.  He could be great for all we know but there will always be an asterisk. Can't even blame Trump, just the GOP snakes in the grass.
Very disappointed that you approve of the circumstances that gave Gorsuch this critical seat. It was all wrong, starting a year ago.
You should NOT have supported the "nuclear option."  How can you say doing it would damage our democracy and then support it nevertheless?
So, Mr. McCain, you too, thought nuclear option is the best option for our country's democracy? So disappointing.
