Sorry this has to do w/ healthcare. I know #GrahamCassidy r friends but their plan doesn't protect patients against annual limits. Stage4 1/
It is as poorly thought out as obama care was.we need to replace all of Congress and let adults fix the problem.
I disagree w/ ACA assessment. It needed to b expanded but it drastically morbidity n mortality in my EMS districts. I handle acute care 1/
We had one shot at universal coverage and we waisted it on Romney care.the aca in practice is essentially Romney care.
Theres nothing wrong with Medicare for all. I support it At the time, w/ fee for service contracts, hospitals needed to slash their spendin
Something needs done when I was unemployed my kids medicaid got cut off.never felt more helpless. I got depressed like what was that aca for
You seem informed will you look at the book groups medicaid pricing insurance.it has treated us well is it the model to push forward?
Good* I'd guess it would be Medicare w/ privatized carve outs to supplement 20% and Medicaid as secondary if can't afford. Cali has limits
Sir we need your help again for the ACA. Please vote no for Trump care. Thank you
Do you have any better choice for HC? Except calling names?
Support medicaid for all maybe its up for vote too
Yes this is my point of view but will never happen with GOP in power. We need more to vote for
The GOP is not blocking it the corporate democrats with insurance company donors who get subsidies for the aca are blocking .
America has been bled dry in conflicts abroad. Time to admit that Afghanistan was lost in 2002 diversion and complete the pullout.
Afghanistan was lost prior to 2002 that why we had to go in and kill our proxy forces with new proxy forces that requires proxy forces
Simply remove USA from the Rus+Pak+PRC+Iran circular firing squad and let them fight to the death for their visions for Afghanistan.
Just pull out and let them fight is my plan.
Which will expose the fundamental (pun intended) differences between Pakistan and China's visions for Asia.
If you were serious about regular order and bipartisan cooperation you must reject #grahamcassidy and VOTE NO!
Graham cassidy is a ploy to divert attention from medicaid for all that is coating democrats  primaries.
You should retire
Time for you to retire
Go back home John you need to rest.
You should care about the health insurance you know that helps keep people alive keep your word
I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 
john  vote  no  give  us a real Hcare system
Because they can detain anybody for life without due process.
Senator, Gov Ducey is WRONG on Graham-Cassidy. It will devastate AZ veteran families. PLZ VOTE NO and return to regular order.
According the Chuck Schumer, Arizona will lose 1.5 billion dollars in federal funding if the Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill is passed.
Nothing you do is any good unless you repeal Obamacare. Keep your word, restore your honor.
Johnie step down. You're a RINO
And why you should vote NO on this horrible trumpcare that's being peddled PEOPLE WILL DIE
"Who said money makes the world go 'round?
They just didn't know
Murder runs the globe"
Why we don't care what you say or think https://youtu.be/AMCqcJYzF7U 
Hey guys sorry I was late to the party, but good job on the comments! Sorry I couldn't like them all

Can we count on your NO vote on Cassidy-Graham, Senator? @SenJohnMcCain
I sincerely hope the Veterans who need Medicaid can count on your vote as well as Reservists who have pre-existing conditions
Lindsey-Graham bill could severly affect RESERVIST & GUARDS from being ready to serve if they cannot get insurance 4 prexisting conditions
Why should U care about healthcare? Graham/Cassidy will leave millions without it. Please care! Fix the ACA & let it succeed.
You should care about what is about to happen to healthcare. Nothing changes with the Graham Cassidy act. Remember your own words.
"why you should not vote down the repeal&replace platform you've been running on" #RINO
The Senate did nothing for 8 years and then some, now that President Trump is leading the way, they are finally getting off of their laurels
Are you defensing the illegal spying that has destroyed our nation?your shameless so it by law or not at all.

*If* McCain votes yes—so blatantly violating his own principles—he will do extraordinary damage to his reputation and legacy. https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/909449023203024902 …
he already has
My dad use to work at the   Pentagon

#WhoToFollow per #twitter similar to @SenJohnMcCain @AdamSchiffCA @maddow and @timkaine says a lot about #songbird
Thanks for this info
Regular order
Vote No on the might as well be trump care Bill...
Did you forget you told everyone you were up late watching baseball and we're so tired you fumbled your questions for Comey!? Retire today!
You couldn't remember 8 questions. Or the password to your phone. Why are you allowed to make decisions for we the people you bozo! Retire!
I care about our elected officials up holding the American constitution & laws. DACA adults could have stared the citizenship process at 18
No Trumpcare
Wise up, Stand up with our President Trump
You, John McCain, should care about the millions who will bankrupt or die if #GrahamCassidy becomes law.

#PleaseDontKillUs
#SaveACA
To bad our GOP Senators and Representatives don't feel as strongly about fixing ACA so all their constituents can get good care!
As you so eloquently said, the American people deserve and demand regular order, especially when their healthcare is at stake.
How quickly John McCain folds and becomes a Partisan Hack because his buddy Lindsey wrote the bill! Despicable
Please vote 'no' to this draconian bill that will hurt millions of Americans & return to regular order, PLEASE.This bill is the worst yet
Shame on JohnMcCain.  Ends up he's not the maverick he played on TV after all.  His best buddy needs help so Screw Americans & screw Arizona
So John McCain proves he can't take the heat after all and will vote For a despicable HealthCare bill rammed thru w/out Bipartisan input.
Remember Trump Russia
Whatever, how is your health insurance coverage? How much are your premiums / month?  Are you on the same Obamacare plan as the rest of us?
Why should we care abt NDAA when u don't care about our health? Not a man of ur word so why believe u now? Money for war but not for health.
Also for people with disabilities and jobs and we need u stop this heath care bill and it needs to be bipartisan. Not one party thank u
Please put yourself in their shoes.   How would you feel knowing you will die because you cannot afford your medical care?
Mcain don't repeal health care bill. Millions disabilities are at stake and we need u vote no for cancer patients.
Do you know how many people are out there who are fighting brain cancer that will lose their insurance?  Do YOU care?
You can't POSSIBLY go from a hero to a supporter of #GrahamCassidy. Please, remember how people thanked your for saving their lives. Please.
I hope I never get glioblastoma, it would bankrupt my family because my wife isn't worth $100 million.
There are nearly 700,000 people in the U.S. living with a primary brain and central nervous system tumor.
I care about not be a pre-existing condition again. Vote No on #GrahamCassidy
Agree sorry Dems wouldn't do in Aug. please vote for Health Reform John
John, your kid was kicked off FOX for sticking up for you.  Don't you see a problem.  Tumor = Retirement.
Senator, please vote against the GrahamCassidy bill. 
Senator, please stand up for Americans once again, and vote against the Cassidy bill! 32 million would lose coverage---how is that better?
Please vote NO on the devastating Graham-Cassidy bill. A sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order.
John you are not the President and why would you tweet out FAKE NEWS CNN? You are out of touch. #PastYourPrime
NO BILLS PASS UNTIL THIS @GOP @realDonaldTrump START WORKING PROPERLY AS A CITIZEN REPRESENTATIVE BODY. NONE! @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Tongue in cheek observation from a SciFi fan, but for that kind of money, should have off world ops run out of Cheyenne Mountain. #StarGate
Oh my god. You're one of the biggest liars, frauds, and evil monsters to ever exist.
McCain tells @GarrettHaake he wants bipartisan bill with wks of hearings. BUT may "reluctantly" back Graham-Cassidy if AZ Gov approves
Why you should care about repealing Obamacare and tax reform.
sir. please save the ACA from your colleagues
How much money has Soros paid you?  Just asking.
Beware of the ides of McCain.  Betray us once-----------

This isn't regular order it's a sham.
1: McCain has *repeatedly* and *unequivocally* demanded regular order. A “yes” vote on repeal would be a flip flop of historic proportions.
West Start Johnny or Song Bird Johnny- take your pick.
Why did you deposit 9 million into your new foundation? Money from the Saudis and Soros. What did u give them in return? 
#paytoplay
Probably from both
I read an article and it is from both. He won't cooperate with authorities. Such a traitor!
Did you serve to come home & kill fellow Americans through cruel & unnecessary legislation so the rich can get a tax cut? #GrahamCassidy
Meghann you let us know why we should care in sorry attach anything with your dads name and we don't bother looking
Please do not vote for this healthcare. You made us proud with your thumbs down before - do it again. Please
And your concern about NDAA over the last 30 years? Oh forgot this is about Trump, eh Brutus? Get real little man, never gonna be POTUS.
This is what's on our minds today. Do you really want to be THE vote that strips HC from kids/elderly? Regular Order Please!
Dear Foolish one: PPACA is an ABJECT FAILURE.  Premiums up over 400%.  Deductibles up over 200%.  MD's retiring en mass
If you vote for CGHJ you are the biggest hypocrite in Washington.
How come you stopped caring about repealing the ACA?
Retire rino traitor!
Please do not vote to kill us w/repeal&replace. Do not vote to destroy lives of constituents while taking tax money for ur own healthcare
If you're for it, I'm against it.
NDAA is how we fund our entire military?  Try thinking
Save out healthcare!
Will you please just go away, resign and retire. Your an obstructionist RHINO to the winning electric who wants the swamp drained.
Arizona will be one of the biggest losers under Graham-Cassidy.

By the way, Arizona's children's health insurance program is perhaps the most threatened by a delay in Senate action caused by repeal. 
Why we should tell u to beat it    Scram    Retire   Get lost
Pray for him personally but totally disagree with his opinions!! Lost all respect!!
ABOLISH THE CIA, NSA, AND FBI, THEY ARE A TOTAL JOKE
WE DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU SONGBIRD! YOU ARE BRAIN DAMAGED AND NOW EVERYONE QUESTIONS YOUR JUDGMENT...RESIGN. CALL HOSPICE & GET OUT OF DC!
Is this the regular order you spoke of?  Shame on the GOP.
CBO scores showing tens of millions of Americans will lose insurance coverage has helped derail past repeal votes. R solution: vote w/o #s

Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Arizona would lose $1.6 Billion in federal funding.
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, #GrahamCassidy , Arizona would lose $1.6 Billion in federal funding. HAVE THE COURAGE TO SAY NO!
OMG .. your handouts will go away ..#moocher
You didn't say anything about "regular order" when you promised to your voters to repeal Obamacare. Even Romney kept it in the states.

Why you should care about SA639! Disabled Veterans deserve CRDP! SM have sacrificed for our country and earned retirement and disability$$$
I thought you only care abt trans issues and illegal aliens getting superior rights above Americans. You don't really care about this. Liar.
We can spend trillions on killing people overseas.
We cant spend billions to save American lives on American soil.
Hypocrite.
Why should anybody care when unsupervised government employees fish though your life and disclose to unauthorized third parties? #Orwellian
Interesting #NDAA
please vote "no" to trumpcare 3
You let your personal issues get in the way of the best interest of the American people......... resign now!!!
He Always Has "John has made a pact with the devil," says Lincoln Chafee, the former GOP senator".
#Traitor
John please stay strong! Help us ! No Repeal No Replace! Don't let them do it !
You should care about ACA vote no for Americans
You always refer us to nothing but FAKENEWS, when are you going to Start mentioning real news?
Because John McCain will never fail to vote for legislation that erodes the rights of citizens
Quite frankly, America cannot trust a thing you say.
That's a fact he lied about Obamacare 
He's a Soros sellout
Because of your health issues. DO THE RIGHT THING for once and step down. Ty
Where have you been all these years?
Just retire. Please.
...sadly my Arizona Senator #JohnMcCain wants to mimic (Dem) AZ Senator Carl Hayden who died in office age 94,  wearing adult diapers. SMH
Mr Integrity                                            https://highered.nbclearn.com/portal/site/HigherEd/flatview?cuecard=33574 …
I'm sure it's in the best interest of the American people if Mr Integrity says so...
Why do you think people know what those initials stand for?
DO NO HARM
Please vote no on the Graham - Cassidy bill.  Work to fix the ACA instead.  Keep bipartisanship alive.
The pentagon needs more green space - 

Any way to get passivhaus standards for all DOD construction into the NDAA?
Because this comes from McCain and CNN I can't trust it. They have lied to us so many times. I can't trust them on this, or ever again.
Run to FOX, Mike. 
They'll make you feel safe and protected.
Like a big, safe bubble.
Tyranny, ooops, I lost what I was typing can you unmask it for me?
RETIRE YOU OLD FOOL! WE KNOW YOU WERE PART OF THE FAKE DOSSIER!
