I have no putty for this swamp snake he has cause this country more harm than good check his record failure god doing for us what we cant
I am so glad that daughter of his isn't on at noon any more out numbered was terrible with her on it
Why do they call you "Songbird"??
Quit using your past for sympathy today. My mom was bombed daily as a child in Berlin. She doesn't use her past to get what she wants.

@SenJohnMcCain how do you deal with all the hate from the Trumpians
He earned it that's how.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y …

ThinkYou Know John McCain?

WATCH THIS …
Many prayers and strength to push you through!!
I pray for McCain even though. I am not happy with the way he screwed  Trump.

Hey JOE what did you get for this song and dance ACT? 1st
God rest his soul.
I bet his insurance will cover his treatment when thousands in Az doesn't cover there needs or cant afford to have insurance & pay penalty
BS! They had 7 years to craft a stellar plan. They had nothing because it was all about repeal, obstruction. There was no good replacement.
Prayers
John McCain should resign so Arizona can have 2 Senators to represent them.
Wish McCain luck. He should immediately resign as Senator to get someone capable in his place to be a good representative.
More attention for the inept John McCain. Never a war hero! Sang like a songbird.
Voted for Dem bills 32% ,to keep Obamacare, no show votes in the hundreds, yes to nafta & many other Obama bills.  media camera lover.  OUT!
I hope you are around for many More Years.Your Place in History is Unfinished. OurNation NeedsYOUNow More Than Ever. Contact Your Colleagues
Time for evil incarnate to go back to hell.
Be healed in Jesus mighty name,Senator. Peace & Wisdom for & http://family.You 're 1 of the few heroes in our time.Blessings.
What treatment is McCain getting? Is he getting a spine put in? Maybe getting some balls? How about a working brain? Fucking RINO traitor.
God bless you Senator
Support our president
I hope your treatment is going good. Well at least as good as it can be. I'm keeping u and your family in my prayers. Much love to u all.
I went through this with both my parents, I wish you a speedy recovery and prayers for your family too.
Cannabis treatment can Cure you. Please trust new science.
... No one cares terrorist funder... Stop arming terrorists in Syria
,as long as he goes into oblivion and we never hear from him again.
Praying for your treatment , Sen. McCain...thanking God for a miracle healing...In Jesus' Name!
Praying for a miracle God bless you through yet another battle.
Best Wishes Hero. I hope you fully recover. I am a Trump supporter and do not agree with you politically.  That takes a back seat. Thank you
My mother had this same kind of tumor. They removed it & gave her 9 mos. She lived over 3 yrs. Are you doing radiation or just chemo?
This Erik prince needs to be looked into.  Time to impeach
Thank you, Sir!
Nice you can get treatment from doctor of your choice while millions can't. Special place in hell for you.
Just get well!
At this point the public has decided Your now politicizing your illnessyour likes or lack Their of tell this story..SAD
Hope and pray for your quick recovery. Thank you for the tough choices you have made on our behalf.
Retire.
We will vote you out!  Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance supplement
You gave speech after speech about repealing Obamacare yet when you had the opportunity to vote you voted to keep it. Your speeches are publ
Remember what that prick Trump said about John McCain during the campaign? John is a hero and it is true no matter what that asshole says!!
I am praying for you always. Thank you for all that you have done and that that you are doing for us all now. God bless you always. 
Hope wishing you well 
Hope the process changes ur retaliation obstructionist mind. The GOP base is pissed at you and the entire GOP
you are a no-good backstabber. A Democrat. A rotten liberal. I don't care if you get better or not. Suffer..
All the best from down under
Just stay home. Retire. Save America. U are pathetic. No legislative courage.
He is a vet his healthcare is free if he uses VA get a life
what u got jokes do u really think this jerk uses the VA?? no way in h***
Hope your treatment goes well
@MeghanMcCain @FoxNews thought u were taking break social media after fathers vote, however I see u liking or retweeting anything favorable?

Also John...not accepted at M.D. Anderson, Sloan-Kettering, Cleveland Clinic. What about us...the tax payer $17,000 out of pocket+TAX
My O'care (for which I pay $17000 out of pocket) is not accepted at the Mayo Clinic...how 'bout that John...proud of yourself, are you?
all the haters obviously didnt watch you vote on the Senate floor. ignore them we are praying for your fast recovery. we need your voice
Yeah, I'm sure his fellow POW's are reminiscing about how much a liar, traitor and Un-American @SenJohnMcCain is. #Songbird McCain
Instead of reliving vietnam, how about focusing on the lousy job he's doing as a senator!
Praying for you Senator for a full recovery!
Including you sir, in my daily prayers, Amen !
Did they talk about how he sold them out??
Sorry idc about his treatment,GOD is punishing him for his lies to the American people,U don't care about us same to u
yep im thinking this is karma or punishment for lying his a$$ off to the American people too
He lectured his colleagues about caring, too.
God bless, both
Our prayers are with you, dear Senator McCain. We are missing you!
Praying for healing
May you have a quick and full recovery

Senator McCain, I am sad 2 see the hate coming at you from mostly new people in politics. They are so eat up w/Trump's vileness. Best Wishes
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator John McCain. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
I'm expressing hope that YOU WILL RESIGN
resign... disappear off the face of the earth.. whatever works
citizens voted for justice, immigration reform and health insurance fix. There will be a revolt if GOP continues to screw the voters.
As he uses his 75% gvmt funded pristine medical care paid 4 with my taxes.  He's a traitor 2 the Repub party & should have 2 use ObamaCrap
Why should ANY of us have to purchase insurance? Isn't this a TAX that punishes the poor the most and keeps all of us at the mercy of Big I?
The reason that it has to happen going forward is because O'Idiot spoiled all of the freebie takers & once it starts gvrnmt won't stop
My dad is having his first treatment for glioblastoma today. Best wishes and sending you both some love.
McCain deserves Obamacare.
Thank you John McCain.  I wish Louisiana had Senators of your caliber.  Country over Party
Obviously you don't pay for your health care!
Hoping all goes well for you. Ignore the haters their days are numbered.
#Songbird
Praying and wishing you well, @SenJohnMcCain!
I wish you well too . Appreciate your service  just don't agree with some of your stances . Good luck
Stay strong Senator McCain!
Good luck Senator. Stay strong. Lots of thoughts and prayers coming your way.
Yes, many r asking Good Lord 4 total healing.  When we think can't endure any longer, we persevere for just a little while more . . .
Cancer is awful. Let's all hope & pray OBAMACARE will do you right. Oh yeah you're with the Cadillac plan.  No deductibles for you...sheeesh
Sending you prayers and love as you begin your fight.
We all pray for a fast McCain recovery. However, next election the legal citizens of US will begin placing Term Limits on Congress. S=1 H=2
Good luck and Godspeed Sen McCain
JOHN MCCAIN AMERICA IS PRAYING 4 YOU.JOHN 5 YEARS AS A POW AND U ARE STILL WTH US, LET'S KICK THIS CANCERS ASS
We express hope that you don't recover quickly.  We are all praying for you. Traitor.
Retire
The other POWs came forward reporting how you ratted them out TRAITOR
Jesus is syill in the healing business and Jesus has no limits.
mccain your a traitor and your own military guys say you are too- nazi medicine is not the answer- kiss up to soros,obama
SENATOR McCain MY PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU! MAY GOD BLESS THE HANDS OF YOUR DOCTOR'S !AND MAY GOD  HEAL YOU !AND KNOW THAT YOU SAVED HIS CHILDRE
McCain is a traitor. Period.
God bless you.. Hope you beat this foe as well!
RESIGN @SenJohnMcCain Do this  Country a favor!
Why don't you quit harassing this American hero on twitter! You people are traitorous & sick!
Yeah good luck.Maybe they will fix what wrong with you thinking. I hope
Does he pay what we pay for health care?
John, Keep me up to date.
Trump blatantly disrespects the Military by saying POW'S are not Hero's because they were caught, Then say's he has no regrets for saying it
You are SO very right!! We know MANY that agree!
BS story!
