Why not address Campaign Finance and repeal Citizens United
That would be amazing. But I think that might require a constitutional amendment.
That requires too much thought and common sense.
Because that isn't part of the case SCOTUS hears today
They'd rather vote on legalization of gun silencers. #SAD
Today we need #CHIP reauthorized to help the Children in this country! #Congress get off your asses and #vote on #CHIP now!
Would not need # chip If we had less taxes less regulations allow and job creation.
That should win the day as the most stupid comment ever. Less Tax and Less Regulation would not eliminate poor people and #CHIP is designed to help children without access to insurance.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR2HR
Funny, I recall McCain once *chastising* the Supreme Court for second-guessing legislators' management of elections. https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/floor-statements?ID=791f053f-f04d-13af-f29d-ce7e5c124af1 …
I also recall McCain going on to *criticize* judges who trump legislators' judgments with their own views. https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/floor-statements?ID=791f053f-f04d-13af-f29d-ce7e5c124af1 …

Gerrymandering is just a smear on campaign reform? Thanks for letting us know what the Kochs and Waltons think. Do you get a tweet bonus?
Have fun with your conspiracy theories.
Hah - already walked back your strawman accusation?
Yes, sorry. I momentarily conflated my two accusers, but now I've got you straight: You're the conspiracy theorist; he's the strawman guy.
Since you've implicitly acknowledged your conflation of McCain's thoughts on Citizens United and gerrymandering was ridiculous, we're good.
Yes!

Sending you a hug, Sen McCain. 
Me too 
Looks who you have favoring you. Get you're proud. #Rino.
It's called respect. The man's fighting his ass off. He has more courage than most men could only dream of having.
Try it.
I can only Imagine what you were saying when he was actually talking about replacing and repealing
Go through my timeline and you'll see exactly what I said. 
I had faith in Senator McCain.

Sounds like you need a hug, too.
I do need a hug.  Wanna come over.
Looks like you have your hands full, tiger.

Sending you a hug. Be nice. 

SHAME ON YOU, Lynn!!
Dark $ in SCOTUS buying Gorsuch's hijacked Garland seat.Gorsuch justifying extreme gerrymandering. Ruth Ginsburg in fear for our democracy.
Totally legal,  get over it Geez.
Totally legal does not mean it is Right or moral or ethical.
Love you for pointing that out!
You almost make me want to be a republican again....almost...Army vet, raised in the south, saw the light and opened my mind to better ideas
Bigger govt. Race division, identity politics. More poverty,more welfare.
Corrupt wall street big money.
Using u.s intel agncy 2spy oncitizn
Maybe you should have thought of that before you confirmed FrankenScalia. Your party is the party of gerrymandering. I hope you see in time
Thank you again, sir. Your courage and continued service to this country is inspiring and admirable, always, now more than ever! God bless!
Thank you Senator Mccain for supporting bipartisanship. You have never been a loser. You never took a deferment!!
Thanks for watching out for the citizenry #JohnMcCain No Gerrymandering
Shut up and do your job u dam jealous Rino or get the hell out and enjoy your family!!!!
Under a communist democracy, each person would get a vote.
Sir, you are renewing my faith in you. There was once a tradition of Republican Progressives, and we would like to see you become one.
 it’s only gerrymandering when Republicans can actually get elected and do the job we want done as Republicans. Then the Democrats scream. Look at Erie.  Perfect example.
Could not agree more.  Not realistic to think this court will end the practice though. Unfortunately.
Sir what is the status of the Russian Sanctions?
Trump is actively supporting the ongoing cyber, misinformation and propaganda campaign. By suppressing the Free Press, slandering witnesses
& calling the investigation a hoax, Trump has never acknowledged this attack, these actions are Treasonous. @GOP Ignoring Treason is Treason
Our government has not checked this attack. If there was a response it has failed. @FBI @CIA @USCyberCommand @thejointstaff
Both the Senate and House Republican's are a pack of emasculated coward's satiating on the middle class and poor. There will be no respectable actions taken under their charge, this has led to distrust of the USA BY the world collective.
Civil War if the gerrymandering continues. Taxation without representation. Conservatives never learn their fucking lesson.
The liberal's investment in John McCain is paying off.
You know the gop has been cheating one way or another for years. Come clean now and history will reward your patriotism.
And when Dems are in power they do the gerrymandering!
U do realize that: When U start talking to a FOOL U become a bigger FOOL -He who knows not&knows not that he knows not is a FOOL- Shun him!
Thank you. It would give us faith in the election.
Bravo
McCain we did you and Corker as Independents. The GOP left you years ago, Democracy is in peril. I DID NOT VOTE FOR THE #MORON
I'm a Dem and i love this man....
Hope SCOTUS puts the future of our country before partisanship. Will show their true allegiance if they continue to allow gerrymandering.
With respect,I believe Citizens United already did that.Until then I held out hope @USSupremeCourt was the last check & balance.I was naive.
Gerrymandering is for those that can’t win on their own merits and is just another form of voter suppression.  It needs to stop.
Thank you, Senator. Gerrymandering, and the Electoral College have circumvented the intention of one man one vote.
Thank you again SIR for your truthful dedicated service to this country! We owe you & those who serve our freedom.
couldn't agree more with @SenJohnMcCain  on the need for the Court to restrict extreme partisan gerrymandering in #gillvwhitford
@realDonaldTrump , read something real #MoronTrump.  Resign Trump,  ASAP!!
Except Republicans, including you, sort of gerrymandered the Supreme Court when you blocked Garland & installed Gorsuch.
Thanks for reminding me about Garland. Actions speak louder than words @SenJohnMcCain
You go John!
The pre 2008 campaign John McCain has returned in recent months. You sir, have been missed! Prayers.

thank you sir. please use your clout to get your fellow caucus members to also be patriots instead of serving narrow interests of donors
Yes, indeed.  Thank you, Senator!
I agree that Americans do not like gerrymandering. Let's hope you can convince members of GOP.  #EndGerrymandering #FairFreeElections #EveryVoteCounts
John McCain is one of the few US senators who cares more about US citizens than himself and his own political ambitions.
Retire now john- u r embarrassing yourself
Sending you a snugie senator
That's right place in the hands of 9 unelected people your a coward always have been sad
Good job sir
Perhaps GOD is doing a little mccainmandering for the better of America.
Shouldn't you be out lying about how you want to end Obamacare? #Fraud

Mr. Mccain, I agree with your Health Care Reform ideas 100%!!!  Go John!!!
You seem to be the only reasonable voice left in the @GOP what's with that?
RINO
I think we can live without bump stock but can we get silencers it’s just better for everyone shooters ears and people scared of guns
Return control of elections to voters. I support a ban on gerrymandering!
Indeed, Sir!
@Scotus
Once again, thank you John McCain!
Amen!
Thank you Senator McCain!!
Just Leave MC-LIMP NOBODY LIKES U KEEP BLOCKING TIME IS ON OUR SIDE WATCH
I agree with you but to increase the defense budget by $80 billion is reprehensible. It's on the backs our children
Agree and get rid of the outdated Electoral vote,so the will of the majority on Election Day will count.Laws need to fit current times.
Rino traitor Resign now
Since you acknowledge the federal govt has power to regulate, couldn't you just pass a law? No need to wait for SCOTUS to weigh in.
Will you please retire...if you're a republican traitor!
Well said sir
I know you love your country.We are headed toward destruction: no doubt we will start killing each other soon. R u going to let this happen?
Mr. Senator. What your doing is bad for the whole country you need to step back and look at

You are mucking things up pretty bad
Bravo!!
Wow look at you go!!
I totally agree with you! Sen John McCain a real American hero, your in my prayers Senator.
Thank you for being the voice of reason in the GOP.  Now please, #CommonSenseGunLaws
Amen. @SenJohnMcCain  ooops; probably should have left religion out of my political tweet  ;)
Now? Now you want to Un-gerry the Mandering? Now that the @GOP lost control of their HateGovtto the @SenJohnMcCain @birdflyoverlake 
Or maybe, and this is wild, deal w/problem through legislation?
You are sensible and starting to sound like a democrat as a result. Kudos on the sensibility.
You said it! Let's do it!
Congress must repeal "Citizens United" also
Wow @SenJohnMcCain , you're the problem. We want turncoats lik you, OUT! Thanks for understanding.
Thank you John McCain!
It deligitimizes any elected government. Winning by trickery isn’t winning, it’s swindling.
Thank you Senator for being a voice of reason. The American people have missed you standing up for them the last decade.
@SenJohnMcCain thank you!

Thank you Senator McCain.
Thank you sir. So true
Thank you, sir, for your integrity.
Let's stop gerrymandering once and for all. Have independent redistricting commissions to make elections fair and just.
One of John McCain's most useful rants, seems he's found religion in his advancing years. A wonderful, pithy statement, and may the corrupt Supreme Court of the US come to their senses and finally get something right.
It's Mew; John McCain, It's Andrew Joseph Leonard. General Kelly Asked If You Liked Torture In The Hanoi Hilton. It Is A Fact, I Can Hear um
(From my Dad) Thank you Sir!!
Greatest threat to American democracy.
I totally agree.
The impotent gridlocked Congress pass the buck to SCOTUS again
John stop it. I'm starting to fall in love with you.

Thank you so much for your bipartisanship and care for our country. Truly.
Sherry why weren't you critical of Montana Gerrymandering?
And you belong to the party that lives by it to stay in power.
Without gerrymandering, your party would forever be the minority party. Oh, and Citizens United, too. The party of $$$ but zero humanity.
Why not address term limits. You need to go as do all politicians after two terms
This #NOTok 
It's a huge problem here in Long Island, NY as well.
Thank you Senator for looking out for the People.
Of the many threats we face, we can't lose sight of two quiet but critical issues - the debt and institutionalized corruption (gerrymander)
Thank you for weighing in on this important issue
Keep on Brother.
So your state isn't gerrymandered?
Yes. Gerrymandering has been a corrupt practice for many decades. Thank You for protecting Democracy @SenJohnMcCain
Agreed.  But it is true Mr. McCain  about  the NRA funding to your campaign and you're obligated to stay loyal to them.
pay back the American people / tax payers money for the plane you lost. Vietnamese pow video made you& US look weak&pathetic
Sen McCain, are you serious about fixing #AZ #VoterSuppression & poor representation of the population, as well?
@KathyReichs Return control? Gerrymandering has occurred since the founding of the Republic. Practice was named after founder Elbridge Gerry
Funny how you now support this. You're dying so you dont need to use it anymore. How noble of you #SongBirdMcCain
About time you started speaking the truth, must be getting ready to meet Peter . Now maybe address the wars you voted for
Yesterday @Schwarzenegger talked of this injustice now you Senator even though it benefits @GOP. Bravo to both. One person, one vote!
Retire
Thank you sir for believing in democracy. Now let's see if the Court (that you subverted by not letting Garland in last year) agrees.
stick it old man, your "no" votes have made you useless.
Or Congress could
Thank you Senator McCain!
Thank you Senator
@KevinWagnerPhD  it's like you two are connected somehow 
I agree!
Well said, and oh! So true!
I just read that you received over 7 million from NRA
#swamp
My God McCain is there no end to you taking an ax to our party? There is no gerrymandering
From your lips to Justice Kennedy's ears.
John M. You're hitting it out of the park these days.
To save democracy we must end gerrymandering. I thank Senator McCain!
Please change this if you are able. Run for prez on this platform and you will win!
@azcentral.Amen 2 a TRUE PATRIOT.We pray,seemingly in vain, that others will follow his lead & exemplify his placing country over politics.
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Gerrymandering is done by both red & blue states.
verdad
Gerrymandering makes pols less responsive to constituents, w/ extreme positions tied to money. Can't trust pol from gerrymandered district.
LA’s Korean-American community & families gerrymandered by politicians largely due to supersonic progress which was viewed as “threatening”.
Yes! Agreed!
Thank you
How about returning the money you took from the NRA?
Thank you senator
Thumbs down...u already wrecked ur would be legacy......u will be voted out next election
John. You lost my support on any of your ideas because of your health care votes
That's why it will never end.
Amazing what can happen when one feels one has nothing to lose. Good on #JohnMcCain for reminding why he's only R I've voted for.
Hang in there Senator McCain! America still needs you!
I agree. We also need gun control, CHIP reauthorized, ACA fixed not repealed or replaced, no tax cuts for rich & corporations, & Trump GONE.
Mr. McCain I was wrong about you. Thank you for your service.
I agree with you and this is true and important but your career's track record has yet to be absolved. Redemption is a process not a moment
Please change your stance on Gun control.  You have a voice of reason that ppl respect.  Help to save our children from senseless murders!
Can you also get behind good gun control legislation?
You know who would've voted in line with your belief?

#MerrickGarland
Well John if we lived in a democracy that would be the case but we don't...
Thank you, sir, for speaking out to defend American democracy.
Thank you very much Senator! Bless you! Hugs
Once again! You are speaking for all Americans! Thank you!
There are much bigger threats to our republic...  It's not good, but GOP working against the elected platform is a MUCH bigger issue.
Many thanks, Senator, for being a role model of sanity, courage, and intelligence.
How about Congress convene tomorrow and stop gerrymandering. No need to wait for SCOTUS. Do your job. Do something!

Republicans are afraid to campaign on issues which is why they gerrymander.
Unfortunately politically connected hacks are appointed to manipulate the lines.
John McCain:U OUGHT TO KNOW ALL ABT GERRYMANDERING&OBSTRUCTING THE JUSTICE AMERICANS DESERVE SINCE U ARE THE BIGGEST COMMUNIST IN CONGRESS
Wonders never cease. I agree with John McCain again.
Thank you, Senator McCain.
What would you know about that traitor?
You've done the right thing on healthcare and gerrymandering. Please do the same for gun control.
Thank you!
I can't help loving John McCain.
You got that right. Total voter suppression and gerrymandering here in WI
How many thank yous can I send you sir! America is losing their voice to lobbyist and superpacs too. Something's gotta give...
Maybe you should have thought about that BEFORE endorsing Gorsuch for SCOTUS, John.
I bet you wanted to win so badly.
THANK YOU...AND PLZ SAVE OUR COUNTRY!!
GET WELL SOON!!! OUR COUNTRY NEEDS YOU!!!!
Most Americans do not know about gerrymandering. What can we all do to bring this awareness? #Gerrymandering
