Again, many thanks to the wonderful Iranian-American community in #Arizona for the birthday wishes!
NOT American-Iranian, but Iranian-Americans! Are they US Citizens? NO!
Dear Sir,
I feel very confident on your 100% recovery.
You are recovered from your illness that's the next hit news.
I am praying for you.
Happy Birthday Mr, McCain...  A true American hero!  I hope you're feeling well.
Lol not on healthcare!
To many many people....  he is a hero on healthcare as well as defending our country in war and threats to our dignity.  Show some respect.
To Democrats and Obama supporters! He campaigned on repeal and replace! One big lie lime Obama!
Many many many people are benefited by the ACA and want to keep most of it...  and nothing you say is going to change that.
Happy birthday to dear senator McCain one of the great supporters of freedom for Iranian people. God bless you and your family.
You are my favorite Republican. You always do what you think is right, not rightwing. Thank you for your long career and being brave. A Dem.
Hey how many wishes from your friends in Vietnam I'm sure they appreciate your contributions
SELFISH TWEETS FOCUSED ON YOUR PERSONAL  ACTIVITIES. DISGRACEFUL JOHN.  STAY HOME N DON'T COME TO DC. OBVIOUS U DON'T CARE ABOUT AMERICANS
Happy Birthday sir!  Thank you for your many years of service.  
Late HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOHN! Love this tweet!
Happy birthday Senator.
Y'all took money from soros to stop trump!  Traitors John McCain
Lindsay Graham
John Kasich
Marco Rubio
Ron Johnson
Paul Ryan
wish you the best always sen
Songbird retire.
Please retire!

Happy Birthday, And Many More!
Happy Birthday @SenJohnMcCain
Happy birthday Senator MCCain!!
Happy Birthday Senator, prayers for god health 
Happy Birthday & Many More we hope!
Happy birthday  @SenJohnMcCain. You exemplify the definition of a profile in courage! You are a man of great character and integrity.
- You are going to make Trump more jealous; he's  seething with jealousy as it is. Trump is a draft dodger you served!
God bless you Sir , don't give up !!!we need you !!!
Bomb Iran Johnny thanks you FOOLS!!!!
Looks like a s#ittie middie!
Traitor
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @SenJohnMcCain .We Love you  I'm from Toronto Ont.  May God bless you. We are praying for you and your family. Stay Strong.
Happy Birthday ,and I pray many more
HBD 
Love from #Pak
Happy Birthday love your courage  to go against Mr Trump
Can you expand on the Iranian American portion of your post as opposed to just thank you Americans?
John you are nothing. But a political get all you can. You are not for the people but only for John McCain
Wow...some of these go back to a time when you were loyal to real values. Don't feel so misunderstood because some of us KNOW
#VietNamEraVet
Hey John happy birthday
If it's your birthday today John McCain to hell with you disgrace to Arizona
What about Putin's well wishes?  Retire and move to Russia
Happy Belated Sir.
Happy Birthday sir
Happy belated birthay, Senator.
Happy Birthday 
Many Happy Returns of the Day. Take care and hope you feel better soon.
Happy happy birthday honorable senator McCain and god bless for all you do in us and for my people (POMI) in Albania
Happy birthday god bless you always
Wishing you the Happiest of Birthdays Sir...and many more
Need more senators like you !!
Happy. Birthday from Canada. Hurry back to work America needs you to stand up to 'him'!
Happy Birthday to our dear senator.
The country and the world is a better place with you on it
This is coming from a macho guy.....good looking guy senator! Be well
Happy belated birthday to you! God bless you and get well soon. 
Happy birthday and wish the best for you
Happy Birthday! Heal well
Did you sing "bomb Iran" in return?
Bomb, bomb, bomb. Bomb, bomb Iran. I knew u were joking, Senator!
Happy Birthday Senator. And thank you.
Feliz cumpleaños
Happy Birthday Senator McCain! May you enjoy 81 more years. Keep fighting for honor and truth.
Happy  day.   100 more years!!!
Seriously? Seriously?
#ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe
Soon there will be an American Holiday known as "Brain Cancer Day"
Are you anxious for Trump to kill the Iran deal?
Happy birthday we wish you the best of happiness and prosperity to you and your family . We all love you. You are amazing person.
Happy birthday   we all love you and proud of you .You are amazing person .
Happy Birthday Sen. McCain.
Happy Birthday @SenJohnMcCain thank you for picking your citizens instead of the GOP!  Stay strong, brave, & true!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Sen McCain
What? Did you officially lose your mind?! "Our IRANIAN" anything is awful. They chant death to America you freaky old coot. Please retire.
The Best for our dear Senator. 
God bless @SenJohnMcCain and his family #AmericanHero
http://bit.ly/2iFoAcg 
 http://bit.ly/2iEIwM8 
http://bit.ly/2gia9tO 
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday Senator! Sending prayers and wishing you well.
Dang you were a hottie!  lol
