Looking sheepish re bugging of Trump. Of course you supplied the fake dossier so they could get FISA. @realDonaldTrump
John & Lindsey work against @POTUS
by all means, let's continue the 15 year long war and add to 4 decades of conflict in Afghanistan started by the US anyway

As a military spouse, I don't love to hear this, but as a former POW, I know you don't make hasty decisions.
His fellow prisoners feel he sold them out.Why did Nixon have to pardon him
we need the best tactics & hightech equipment, & protection of them & of the troops. No radiation poison.  @LindseyGrahamSC
coincidence you and Graham are involved in war spending in Afghanistan Ukraine and Syria
Obama messed that up, now must b done swiftly tactfully w/o vacuum backlash @SenJohnMcCain @washingtonpost @LindseyGrahamSC
Wrong the Russians had over 100,000 troops in Afghanistan they lost.  We need a new ideas
Let's not let McCain and Graham ever win again
Your attacks on Sen Paul are unacceptable. Have you ever met a war you didn't like?
Really, Seniors in USA are being attacked and all you care about is foreign country?

Notice how McCain only talks two left-wing MSM cuz he is a RINO he needs to retire or switch parties
meanwhile
#Syria: US Forces Evacuating #ISIL Commanders from #DeirEzzur
http://fna.ir/8P674J  
Agreed!!!
yeah cuz all your other ideas have worked out so well for us in the middle east. Go home.
like this one lol
because you like decorating with flag draped coffins?
why do we need any forces in Afghanistan? And be honest.
Somebody's gotta protect the opioid trade and secure the lithium reserves
John, do you take Lindsey to the bathroom with you too? Gheez!
these politicians probably have shares in companies that create weapons for war.
Has there ever been a war that you have not supported???
 Amen Its Always war with these two and they are in My Party 
amen
No more war! Enough!
Israel Lobby lackeys @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC should listen to CIA's Mike Scheuer:
What exactly would "victory" look like?
You are nothing but a war monger and traitor
u have been seen with terrorists. Is that why u discourage USAF pilots from hitting them?
#LockThemUp #Traitors
GOP kills elderly & poor w/ healthcare plan, kills climate w/ anti-envir. plan. No people,  no need for defense, no problem.
You guys need to get out of Washington Elite Swamp and be for people rights
Sorry that you think answer is more troops! Obviously you don't know Afghanistan's history!
It worked so well for the Russians.  But we want to be just like them, right?
I was going to say something but I noticed that there wasn't one positive comment on the whole stream. #Warmonger #WALLSTREET stooges
NO MORE INTERVENTIONIST WAR! You know it's for oil. GET OUT NOW!
You just love war, you odious little creature.
Where was this talk when Obama was President? U both need to resign!
Russia wage a ten year war;the US 16years. No one can win a war in that insignificant place.
You very succinctly demonstrated why liberals should have nothing to do with you
Nooope! We don't need anymore suicidal maimed vets w/ PTSD to add to our homeless community.
Seriously? @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC You just wanna keep pouring more good money and precious lives after bad dontcha?
I might agree with this, but only, if the Military run the war and politicians stay out.
WE NEED MORE OF THEIR NEIGHBORS TO HELP OUT - THEY NEED TO PULL THEIR OWN WEIGHT
Whoopie ! Graham has no ceds,did not honor his agreement w/ Republicans 2 support the Pres
Why do you guys continue to give the left ammo ? They are using you & laughing at you
Need to work with POTUS to trim Fed costs to give more $ to military. Support Him
we need you two to also push #termlimits please and thanks!
We have enough to worry about with Trump in power.
Why do we need to sacrifice American lives and waste money on this country, again?
WAR WAR WAR MORE WAR WAR - Your paymasters at NatDef contractors must be appeased!
Oh look another nation Benedict Arnold McCain wants to invade in the name of "Democracy".
Have you figured out how to pay for it. You have an answer for everything else.
What you need to do is investigate Donald Trump he's a dirty crook and is colluding Russia
send your own damn kids. #StopTheWars
been down this road.bring them home now.If u insist on endless war bring back the draft

.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump 
you won't be happy till we are invading Siberia. #warmonger
I think you should join John, although as #Trump pointed out maybe not, we need good pilots.
Why don't you retire?
Lord Jesus...: are u not tired of wars?? Thank God for Trump!!
Warmonger of the ages.
There's no "defend the country" in this imperial warmongering. Just a BIG REPEATED LIE.
I'd rather read your essays on why we should cut our losses and get the hell out of Dodge.
and who makes you the voice of reason. Both of you are part of swamp always will be. Sad
both bear responsibility for weakening our military and that's a fact.
What is the end goal? Unless you answer that question, i suggest you stay quiet.
hard to believe an honorable man like u, believe,truly believe, that conflict has an end...
John, I wish you would've gotten some severe burns on the Forestal. Maybe that'd be the reminder that you require.
Stop-it is impossible to win in Afghanistan just as it was in Viet Nam. Time to leave
What we need is to CEASE and DESIST intervening in the affairs of other nations
yawn, Twiddle Lee Dum and Twiddle Lee Dee not on my must read list.
No more troops.  Have we learned nothing?
The problem with this endless war is you don't know what the end looks like! When exactly do we put our flag in the ground and claim victory
U wantTrump 2prove wiretap;U never asked DNC 2 prove Russia hacking.
Pf course it's you two Beating The Drums Of War! @POTUS Are these two talking to you at all?
The two biggest warmongers around, perpetual war solves everything for these two idiots.
yes we have lost so many. Injured so many there & spent billions.  Need put and end to it.
what if Russia, who are in talks with miscreants, start intervening???
why have we not wrap up this war, and have people going back to life of prosperity? WHY?
you should be doing all you can to figure out all the crimes trump has committed. but you wont
and @LindseyGrahamSC  bad for America.
sick of your damn oil wars!!!! STOP! Enough is enough!!!!
IT IS TIME FOR THE AFGAN TO STAND UP AND DO MORE AND FOR US TO QUIT REBUILDING EVERYTHING
if you want a war so badly, you two should go fight it on the front lines. No more wars!!!
S66
What do real military experts think? Historically, Afghanistan has been a hell-hole for every country that's ever tried to occupy/pacify it.
Every country you touch turns into a hellhole.
But will pee have any $ left after all the trips you're allowing Trump to take? Step up!!
NO MORE WARS!!!!!
You and Lindsey need to ride off into the sunset
YOU AND OTHERS LIKE YOU GO..
thought that war was over long ago.
no war but class war
At the cost of how many lives, legs, and arms, so the next gutless leader can give it back?
That the VA won't take care of.
U wanta spread us out evrywhere?? Why Johnny? So we are weak in our homeland?
sell it as a 20 year mission because that's what it is.
US has been at war with Iraq for 9553 days, & Afghanistan for 5638 days. #Seriously #Enough
End the Drug War and the Taliban will end. America financed 911 and we continue to do so.
You and Lindsey want to go, I will buy you a plane ticket and rifle. STOP KILLING OUR KIDS.
We need to STOP playing war!!
Enough is enough.
Seriously! Can we please just stop!?!?! #EnoughAlready #ImAlreadyAgainstTheNextWar
Tell us again about the bribe from the bank way back
I know you support us McCain on getting to the bottom of this what he said was slanderous
For context this war has been going on for 15.5 years. #Afghanistan
We don't need people without courage to fight wars like Sen McCain and who is against @POTUS
BS. Pull out, let them settle it themselves. You want a puppet. That won't settle it either.
You know Ben Carson may be able to separate you two if you ever wanted?
just gotta put it out there quotations means exact what someone said not paraphrasing
no shockTrump didn't take responsibility normal 4 him we as pple 1/2 2 hold him accountable
Accountable for what? He didn't start the war or withdraw troops too soon.
Senator, get the impeachment rolling if you love your country.  This is your truth.
only need to flip 12 GOP sens to make that happen? Then what? Every 2 years we impeach?
NO. MORE. WAR.
We are already in war- option btw letting Taliban takeover & est terrorist safehaven or not
A new war? Meanwhile our Commander-In-Chief is compromised by a foreign power. #Trumprussia
Clinton's were compromised by Russia and China!  dont hear you crying about it!

