I want to thank everyone for your best wishes. My arm is broken after I took a minor spill @Disney
She seems to get hurt a lot.
Best wishes for a full and speedy recovery!
Best wishes for a speedy recovery
Oh shoot, sorry to hear this. Beterschap, Mrs McCain!
@Disney Now a pre-existing condition but that's not an issue for you like it would be to most Americans
Oh, I hope you mend soon!
This country is in dire need of some Patriots, you're not one of them #TrumprussiaCollusion
Your move @SenJohnMcCain—You said the US needed to uphold our Paris commitment

It's time to #ImpeachTrump—unless you're a traitor. …
Ain't it grand to have healthcare!!!!  Except the struggling people... giddy up 
aw I hope she'll be okay.
Oh no, feel better!
U prob pushed her
Tell your wife that we hope she's thankful & to be more careful sense we paid for her doctors bills while we won't have insurance.
Good thing she has health care. But 21 million are going to be out because you voted for it. Wake up and get rid of this clown.
Hope she heals soon! Think about the people having to pay healthcare if that was to happen to them.
How are you enjoying your last term in Washington? Spending a lot of time on CNN huh?  Lobbying for a job since the GOP won't want you?
@Disney Gotta watch out for those sudden stops @Disney!!!
God bless and get well quickly
The moral decay of the Republican party will be well documented in history and your actions will be noted. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Is she still addicted to narcotics?
Take care Cindy. Get well soon.
So sad to see you become a shadow of the man you once were.
Now trump wants to give RU their property back. BO told RU to leave U.S. That's BS & you know it.
Good thing you have insurance, broken arm without insurance averages in the 20 thousands.
Oh please be well and our prayers go up for both of you. ;)
@Disney That is a pre-existing condition.
A run in with Grumpy, eh? Those 7 dwarves are no joke! Best wishes.
The very best wishes for a speedy recovery! And although I'm a fan of Bernie & Hillary: Dear Senator: you are doing a great job! Thank you!
Why aren't you in the senate fixing our 190% AZ increases in ACA premiums??  
Stop obstructing or retire.
Glad she's okay, and med bills will not ruin you, as they would most people.  BTW please stop trying to escalate tensions with Russia.
How many elections has US influenced?
How many democracies has US outright OVERTHROWN?
Does your hypocracy truly know no bounds?
John just take your seat on the left side of the isle you old man with a grudge to our POTUS You r a TRAITOR!!! Can't stand to look at you
Well you need to retire and take care of her!
Heal quickly Cindy.  I fall and go to physical therapy to avoid future
Wish her well but not u ! U betrayed us and party now retire oh go w Dems we don't want u
Can you feel the noose tightening songbird. Keep attempting your sinister plans it only accelerates your fate:)
All the best. Love 
Hoping your husband traitor takes a major fall because he is a traitor to our country.  Unpatriotic treasonous loser who needs to go now.
May you mend quickly.
Wishing for a speedy recovery for her!
Get well soon, Cindy!
Oh no! I'm so glad she's ok.
She may end up like your first wife--abandoned and left behind. Why? You're a traitor.
Come home from your world tour.
Speedy recovery Mrs McCain!
Hopefully she stays away from the Percocet this time!
Hope it heals quickly Cindy. 
I'm glad she is ok 
Prayers @cindymccain
While my taxes pay for YOUR health care, your tax breaks make sure I go without health care.
Hope it's covered under AHCA.
So sorry to hear!!! Glad to hear you're ok. Hope all is well!!!
Feel better soon!!!!
You tube has lots of videos on how to do things with one arm. Very helpful
Mend quickly
Prayers for a full recovery sent.
Wishing your wife Cindy a fast and speedy recovery.
I am happy to hear this and you had healthcare at tax payers expense. I with diabetes am looking to lose my healthcare thanks to REPUBLICANS
Hope she isn't counting on a replacement to Obamacare to fix it. Oh that's right.....you guys exempt yourselves from all that. Amazing.
Sincerely sorry to hear that Senator. Mrs. McCain I hope you get well soon, he needs u by his side to stay strong, prays are with you
Disney?
Lucky for you us tax payers got your back, to make sure you have good health insurance.. to bad you don't have our backs..
You should retire IMMEDIATELY and take care of her and your special needs daughter Megans. 
#Retire
Best wishes
Be well. All the best.
John, tell the truth, did you push her? LOL LOL LOL.  Of course only kidding. Dear Cindy get healed soon. I am healing a broken femur. HURTS
Good to hear
I wish Cindy a steady recovery and good health.
I'm so sorry to hear that please feel better soon.
Glad Cindy is ok.   You should retire so you can properly take care of her.
Positive thoughts for a speedy recovery.  Hope it didn't impede the Disney fun too much.
Best wishes for you both Sir
Awe. Get well! 
Get well soon
Good thing she has health insurance through the US government! Wait a minute...
Venezuela say Help!
God bless you both senator. As a Democrat, keep putting country before party please. Love from Michigan!
He is putting the Democrat party ahead of country. He is still having a tantrum for losing his election. Can't u see that? It's a game....
John where's the tweet condemning kathys little photoshoot? Or r u 2 busy slammin the President? #drainthemccain
Karma
wish you a fast recovery. don't let Disney slow you down.
Best wishes for a speedy, healthy recovery!
Hope she feels better soon!
I bet having healthcare insurance really helped you, John? Poor would like the same thing!!! I hope she recovers, as I wish others the same!
Oh no! Glad to hear she's on the mend!
.John maybe it is time to retire and take care of your wife.  I know that the DemoRATS would be dissappointed to see you go
All the best to you and your family.
@Disney Hope she is better soon!!  Sad day in the happiest place on earth. 
Can't be as bad as when you you bumped your head and forgot you were American.
Get well soon.
Speedy recovery!
I'm glad you and your wife health insurance.
All the very best on a speedy recovery.
Falling is scary, as I recently found out. Sorry yours resulted in an injury. Take care.
Get well soon @cindymccain
So glad you have health insurance.
I wish her all the best and a speedy recovery; take care of that lovely wife of yours.
Did she spill on some Russian oil John? You are very quiet about #impeachtrump with the overwhelming evidence & destruction of democracy
wishing for speedy recovery
Heal quickly.
Why don't you retire and do two favors to the country.
Wishing Cindy quick recovery!
Ms.Cindy McCain has broken her arm more exactly,that she posted two tweets before yours now; that I answered to one.Sen. John McCain; TRUTH
Glad she's doing better. Now,  please get Trump out of the WH. Please sir, put country over party.
Praying for your wife, Cindy, that she heals quickly.
Nice to have taxpayer paid for healthcare, for the poor under #trumpcare find sticks to splint your arm.
Best wished for a speedy recovery!
Speedy recovery!
Mrs McCain, I wish you a speedy recovery. Greetings from Chandler!
Now she has a pretty-existing condition! Good thing you're exempt from the crap-ass AHCA that you want to impose upon the rest of us.
*pre*
Sending healing prayers!
Feel better.
To Cindy, I hope your recovery is quick.
Please take care and know your in our thoughts!
Glad to hear she is ok. Maybe you should retire and stay home to be with her.
Speedy recovery. God Bless
nothing to do with the incident,we do wish her and everyone affected well,BUT YOU NEED TO RETIRE ALREADY!!!You won BECAUSE @POTUS ENDORSED U
Feel better Cindy!
Oh no! Get well soon
Best wishes. Get well soon.
@Disney get behind POTUS!
Be well soon. I fell in Rome and required 50 stitches to close up a deep slash on my arm. We re all in this together.
Take good care and get well soon!
Jeez, the merry-go-round are sure getting dangerous.
Please retire and take care of your wife.
Best wishes for a healthy and speedy recovery
I hope she is Okay? maybe you should retire to look after her?
Take care, Mrs. McCain, we need you and the Senator in tip top shape for the struggles ahead.
Hahahahahaha ha!! This is funny! He hasn't fought the good fight since he laid down for BO! POS traitor.
Praying for your beautiful wife to mend quickly!
get well soon.. America needs you now more than ever.
I'm glad she has health insurance.
I wish her a quick recovery.
Prayers for a swift recovery!
I wish your wife a complete recovery.
Wishing you guys the very best!
Hope she has a quick recovery
Maybe Putin pushed her ?
Dang, wishing a speedy recovery
