What about Russia?when are you going to say something?
So are you paid by CNN and the DNC?
ALWAYZ TALKING TO CNN JOE & NBC CBS THE LEFT HATERS! WONT FOX TALK TO U???? THEY R BAITING U!
Why don't you go after Susan rice and back our potus?
No just a neon con war monger
Why hasn't anyone suggested not filling Supreme Court seat until  @POTUS /Russia investigation is over? "Judgement" in question. No Nuclear!
Thank you John McCain for standing up for what is right
Discuss the obvious need the GOP has to take the country's people in to SERFDOM. We do not agree. Why take every safety net away from us???
Bashing your own party. Brilliant! Time to retire.
CNN IS ALWAYS OUT TO HURT THE REPUBLICANS  TRAITOR! #SUSANRICE #UNMASKING #ObamaWiretapLeaks #LADYMICHELLE # COCAINEBUST
you're a Democrat both you and CNN are fake
Yes I'm sure you'll be bashing our President. Follow it up with a primetime spot on msnbc. Thats the crowd you pander too
Senator McCain, do you support Mandatory Term Limits for All of Congress? Yes or No?
Look at him.  He's senile.  Do you really think he would support term limits?
@Bett,he is a RINO Dem masquerading  as Rep within GOP he is just as bad as Pelosi,Feinstein,Reid, but @ least he served.Unlike those frauds
Serving can't excuse him. TRAITOR.
Senator I just your sound bite about the filibuster tradition. You will get America through this tough time
Senator McCain, people are counting on you to push for answers with Regards to president Trump's potential misdealings with the Russians.
Where's the coverage of the cocaine bust? #ladymichelle #cocainebust.  Is @SenJohnMcCain part of it?
Drug testing for folks before they can receive Unemployment? I am waiting for the Lord to wave his hand and rid us of the GOP. Smh
McCain needs to keep mouth shut.
When do you work?  What bills are you working on? What WH gov officials are you reviewing?
You was not a war hero, you was a traitor, NIXON SAVED YOUR BUTT! YOU ARE STILL A TRAITOR! ANYONE INTERVIEWING ON CNN IS A TRAITOR
on CNN again, Senator??  Fake news is perfect for you
I'm not surprised you would choose CNN to start your day and that is not a compliment.
Go to @FoxNews to reach more of the real America!
#rino #hasbeen preparing to add more #fakenews
SEN,ONLY LOONS WATCH CNN..FAKE NEWS..WHATS YER AVERSION WITH FOX?? A REAL NEWS NETWORK..DOING YER SELF HARM..THEY WILL STICK IT TO YOU,..
When are you gyro announce you're a dem like #Ben Arradondo did in Tempe?
Going not gyro
It's really annoying to see this RINO McCain often appearing on FAKE news networks.
Are you going to Stapp our @POTUS in the back!! I hope you can have good words about our @POTUS @ Clinton network news
On CNN, appropriate for a closet DEM!
CNN...AGAIN?  Sure do love that FAKE NEWS, don't you?
What country should we send our troops to bleed and die in today for the sake profits, Mr Senator?  All of them?  You're so patriotic
Focus on impeachmEnt and get that fraud and his family out.  He is a traitor.
Talk about TRUMP GATE
Get the hint. A man with no principles has no friends. You're not pleasing anyone with your RINO stands.
I guess being a Dem supporter you have nothing to say about the Susan Rice scandal.
Retire. Term limits.
Sell out?
Too late.  He will be 86 the next time he is up for election.  He is already senile.  By then, he will be slurring in his soup.
You and CNN are a good fit, both FAKE.
That's what good Democrats do.
Really don't care to hear anything McCain has to say!!
Don't you mean lots to whine about? You sir need to retire   You complain so much. You are so negative. 
Put McCain under oath before the judicial committee...
McCain needs to retire he seems lost
One of the biggest sellouts to the conservative party. How come I never see him on Fox. Hope he is almost ready to retire. Disappointment !!
- JMC- YOU have the power and the pull to end this madness- START the impeachment process now!
that is a gr#ea@t place@ for you.. very liberal !!
What a sell out you are please retire.
Hey traitor McCain let's hear you speak out against on Susan Rice spying on Trump for a year
John MkKain the RINO and CNN the Fake News channel.... how fitting !
You have lots to discuss and lots of criticism of Trump to remove him from leading America in one disaster to another, prove your dislike
With all respect John, either do what the people voted for or retire
Stand up John McCain!
Cnn is fake john the fake war hero mccain
People ask me is there anyone in washington who can help us we are scared my reply yes only John McCain #ourhopeJohnMcCain
John McCain, the tool of the liberal media.
Mr.MaCain, 
3000 American People were killed in September 2001 while Saudi Arabia was participating in it. What did you do in this case?
It seems like if you are not going to back our PRESIDENT then you either need to resign or move over to the Democrats. TRUMP WAS SPIED ON!!
Does the discussion include retirement?

Why would you go on CNN
John do your job instead of all these interviews
You know better than to nuke filibuster. Don't do it.
Disappointed that you will support the "nuclear" option.

......the train has left the station John ...still time to get onboard,  pls. don't dissapoint we'll be watching!
see 3 hack jobs in one sitting
Getting ready to join @NewDay @CNN shortly - lots to discuss, tune-in 
Ever wonder why a liberal socialist media producing fake news would seek you as a guest? Mom had a little saying about flocking together.
promoting your endless wars.
Make sure you bring up Rice and what she has done concerning the surveillance of political opponents.
Stop blaming president obama for what the Bushes did. You're just being a racist john. Yall go into other ppl country to destroy it to steal
Are you ready to become America's hero yet and help us get rid of 45?
Can we discuss Global Warming, internet privacy, russia, fair pay/workplace, and so on repeals?! Trumpy is destroying America
A waste of air.
F.x gas attack in Syria, i hope
Obama was spying on Trump back in June 2015. Mary Ann Marsh admitted it on tv.
And if she says it, it must be true! @letmebePaco @SenJohnMcCain @NewDay @CNN
swing &a miss Come on Sen.U r 1 of the few in this world w/the gravitas 2 stop this madness U know what they r up 2 Stop them
YOU are definitely a SWAMP DWELLER!
Interesting that you're the only Republican that admits the nuclear option will blowback when the Democrats take back Capitol Hill.
If you spent as much time working as you do in front of cameras vomiting left propaganda, maybe something might get done!
Agree
Thank you!
I know.   Arizona has got the 2 worst Senators in the country.  Hope they get rid of one of them soon.
Wow McCain. Does CNN pay you to bash the President?
LMAO why are you ...the delusional old man who calls rand paul a putin agent on the senate the floor... the media's most loved Republican

Mr. McCain, will you consider running as President when Trump is impeached? We need a valuable leader quick!

Funny you are loving the left leaning media. Bodes well for you since you are an obstructionist for POTUS!
Susan Rice was the National Security advisor and she had to see who was talking with Russia I didn't think you would try to muddy the waters
These reports had nothing to do with Russia or anybody in Russia.  Nice try.
I know what not to watch #angryconservative #termlimits
Thank you, Sir, for putting country above party. Please continue to fight for our democracy - clearly you see the writing on the wall.
WHAT Lmao he is all party just a mix like a Heinz 57, a half breed. He goes with whoever when ever and a Traitor to his party . Disgraceful
Go ahead McCain won't be watching you true Dem!!
Keep talking about Russian involvement and Kushner doing the State Department job and collusion and everything.
Who cares what that doddering old fool has to say
U.S continues to watch Terrorist Assad's war crimes in Syria, 7 years isn't enough? @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @nikkihaley
More Trump bashing I assume. You are quite good at betraying your party and your country.
Let me guess, Trump did something you didn't like again.  Who really cares what you discuss.  Retire already
When Alyson asks you "what should the US response be for the gas attack in Syria", why are you still talking about Obama?
We are now going to see you & the GOP lead from front and let us wait and see what the results are!
You sure are on the very fake news channel a lot. Why am I not surprised??
R. I. N. O.
Drop dead!  Shame you came back from war.  Your going to vote to change senate rules.
u are so out of touch nobody cares.
You may have been a War Hero, but then again so were many, and they don't sleep with the devil Senator!
@SenJohnMcCain be the voice of reason for the republicans because our country has been compromised 
And it sure wasn't compromised under Obama wasn't it?!? SMH
Why don't you remind the American people how Obama & your Dem surrogates used IRS to target Americans. Remind them how IRS invoked 5th too!
Maybe could explain the empty state dept and why a real estate agent is in charge of foreign affairs despite his wife tied to Azerbaijan

Why are you even talking, your just a senator trying to act like your in the WH administration.
Geez.
Actually want to do something useful? How about NOT putting party over country when you vote? #DeVos #Sessions & no doubt #Gorsuch 
He's part of the left. Don't know why you're hating on your on kind.
Putin just fired all his navy commanders in the baltics...
You need to mention Nunes report said unmasking had nothing to do with Russia. Stop CNN from telling stories.
Your fly is open
