Speaking of AZ... How long do we have to endure this? As James Clapper said. Trump in Arizona was embarrassing. Right in your back yard.
It's great to see you out and about. Please don't overdo. Stay strong
Explain Svoboda!
Consistency & his promise of forward looking transparency-are sorely needed in this age of nebulous, hijacked, uninvited monologs everywhere
My old school! Oh what good times! Looking good senator, keep doing the good work you do!
We support you Senator McCain! Good health and keep strong.
Good to see you smiling today.
You mean an awful leader of a great institution.
This is the true John McCain and his associates.
Hope you're feeling better after treatment. Lucky you could afford healthcare because many cannot. Just a thought.
John McCain-another outstanding leader.  Take care of yourself.  Decent people appreciate all you have done for the country.

Здоровья Вам желаю от всего сердца.  Сердце у меня украинки. с юга Украины.

Thank you, Senator.
Wishing you the best,praying for you,even though I dont agree with everything u do or say

John is this a fair well tour, your getting a lot of press for doing nothing but talking, ok ok that has always been what you do best
You need to pass on
About mine or the people of Airzon or USA ,rhino!
U'v been in D.C. To long!  Our expectations were immediate repeal & replace.  U touted a plan in place a d ready to repeal and replace now.
Please rest and get well sir. America and Arizona need you
Please get rid of Trump.  He's totally insane.

Do your treatments and spend the rest of your time with your family, nothing more important then family, stay out D.C.  you didn't think
Vote McCain and Jeff flake out
RETIRE already. You do anything except give American what they voted for. Just go.
You should apologize to we the people for betraying us. You broke your promise on ACA. Not a man of your word. Me Me Me McCain.

I pray that you are voted out Mr. MCCain, you still are not over the fact that you are not President.
John, what about state Dept science envoy resigning with letter that spells out impeach?
Did you hear the laughter when the President didn't mention your name. You are an embarrassment to your state and your country. @SenateGOP
How is your medical bills coming John oh that right you have none you gona pay mine you did not repeal . bully and lier
Still alive?
1 VOTE! ...1 VOTE ! ...1 VOTE!..  Trump was great.
You're silence is deafening POTUS just put America into a panic from talks of shutting down govt to again flipping on #Charlottesville

Has it been 12-14 months yet?
McCain "Twitterstorm"?  You stand by our POTUS!  You are hurting millions with your foolish pride, Its not about You! Its about OUR Country!
Go Devils!
Stand up to Trump, he is a cancer for our country
Your too old not to research, and just take others word. Dont be lazy,, #FakeNews leads you by the nose. Research!
Sure am glad you had the time. Being so busy you couldn't attend the rally with POTUS. Then again you saved us all from watching your scowl.
Go Devils!
Call jimmy carter for medical advice

What makes Sen.JM thinks he knows more on race than
Hope you are feeling well Mr. McCain. 
All you hateful trumpsters on here. Disrespectful just like 45 himself. Should be ashamed of yourselves
Dear Sen. Sorry u had to listen to @realDonaldTrump yesterday. I wish u the best in ur battle against cancer. U r a true hero/patriot to us
RETIRE! You do the people no good.
#Censure #CensureTrump
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Wishing you luck!  Good to see a smile
One  vote!one vote! You not only failed the people in Arizona but the nation. Your done!!
Looking good, Senator!  Stay in the fight - for America and your health.
Mr One Vote himself 
He saved my healthcare. I'm grateful.
McCain quit taking credit where it's not truly deserved ... your vote of NO was a huge disappointment ... Period!!!
Thank you Mr. McCain. You have my gratitude.
Looking gud senator! Love from rubioland!
You did us Americas dirty!!! That's what u will be remembered for!!!
Be careful of what he tells you because of the problem with his brain
John I'm almost w you in age but in all my life I have never seen a pres with this much disrespect for others &our democracy our way of life
Trump called you out bro! That $hit was funny.
Bye bye McCAIN
Have u been questioned about dossier yet ... since you did hand it over . Just another soros funded senator !!!
Poisoning one mind at a time
Does he know you have ties to actual Nazi's U, hillary, obama, Biden,SOROS used to overthrow elected gov of Ukraine to install puppet gov?
Traitor!
One man's traitor is another woman's hero. You go Mr. McCain! We all know who the traitors are. I will watch their trials on MSNBC. 
Glad to c u forwent going to president rally to meet college president 
Yeah @ASU !
Good to see you smiling sir !
Can i secure scholarship to study at @ASU  @michaelcrow
#ThankYou @SenJohnMcCain
Trump is correct in one thing - U failed the people when U let your vengeance get in the way of the peoples business.  TERRIBLE CHOICE
He saved the people with that one vote
NONSENSE - Don't you understand Obamacare is failing regardless of the GOP or Obama - it was poorly designed & this isn't a partisan comment
You look good Senator wishing you the best
You're the best John! You're all we've got!
