What's the matter @SenJohnMcCain is your "buddy" feeling the heat? #McMasterFacts #FireMcMaster
The Left Agenda of brutal violence & intimidation was on full display-police stand down ordered by DEMs..ppl died this time. No hiding now.
Where do you buy this crap? The bullshit store? Or the kkk close out bazaar of used sheets. Oh Sean spicer holocaust centers. #resistance
I've seen ppl sprayed w/bear repellant, beat unconscious w/shovels, beaten w/bike locks for wearing a MAGA hat. That's Facist's tactics
Where is the video proof that those attacks happened?
Glad U asked-I tried to find images of what I've seen on UTube,Twitter..gone. Man beaten unconscious w/shovel Berkley. Bike locks in socks
swung, balloons w/feces, urine thrown, bear/pepper spray women's eye's is a favorite, sticks, bricks, cars surrounded &beaten/shaken
He's not going to denounce his supporters!
Oh yes! I remember him. He spent the rest of his life helping minorities. He hated his past. Good for him.
He did what all the Dixiecrats did..he was a racist KKK member until the tide turned..then he got in line w/apologies to stay in office
Nah, the ones who wanted to stay racists went republican
Reverse History? Civil Rights Act was a Republican bill, & was filibustered by Democrats. They R lying to you, & they haven't changed.
Oh dear. Please see Southern strategy. Just stop with the nonsense and silly pix
Trump's too busy worrying about how not to offend his Nazi supporters.
Well, they aren't just supporters. I believe he's one of them. His Dad was. He may not be an "official" member but he uses the N word per TA
Yes, @realDonaldTrump is their leader.
I thought you were? You are a democrat and they are the slavery party.
Please try to catch up. It's 2017.
If that made sense, I'd reply. Did any of you pay attention in school?
There is a reason the class is called HISTORY.
Yeah. Learn from it or repeat it. So since the democrats started the civil war and wanted to keep slavery means they are good now?
Oh
Agree, Senator. The President has only encouraged it by not condemning immediately. He isn't condemning attacks on McMaster either. POTUS...
...doesn't have the guts to do the right thing. He is self-serving, mentally ill and a criminal. He needs to be removed. We look to you to..
...lead the charge to rid us of this menace.  It will happen soon anyway thanks to Mueller, but how much damage will he do in the meantime?
McMaster is in contact with George Soros, according to @RogerJStoneJr. We cannot allow this, he must be removed.
Good luck with that. Trump has made clear where his loyalties lie. With Nazis.
How about obama who allowed black thugs to hate cops. Hilliary who mentor was Robert kkk Byrd.
Major media using their platform to enable hatred and mayhem in our society.
Why equity firms and monopolization of our airwaves must be dismantled, along with their hostile foreign investors, infiltrators.
A kind of abnormal and evil-minded programming and social engineering appealing to the worst in the human condition. Backwardness.
They must be held accountable for their central influence on public discourse and the indoctrination of our citizenry and future generations
Including their rigid institutionalized racism as an industry.
Aren't they coming from his top advisor?
What were you doing meeting with Nazi collaborators from Ukraine, Sen McCain? Were you fomenting a coup?
No, that was trump and he was successful... doesn't bother you that he did it but it would be wrong if McCain did.  Hmm... interesting...
Who are these people @SenJohnMcCain ?
I'm not playing your stupid games. McCain finally does something right for the people and you guys can't stand it that's pretty sickening.
He is one of the few voices of reason in this WH. I'm with the General. Hope you are doing well Senator.
Except the Hate groups are not alt right! They me be an arm of the DNC
 Just smile at remarks that don't warrant response
That will be a whole lot of smilin' we be doin!
He's no potus, he's a pawn of the alt-right !!!!!!!!!! Get it yet?
Good luck with that. Trump has no loyalty to anyone.
Good luck with that.  You're talking about Donald J. Trump.
What about your repugnant comments about Pres Trump? Sadly believe your cancer has effected your thinking and ur lack of putting USA first.
SO NOT ACCEPTABLE. 
HE HAS CHANGED HIS PLACE AND REALIZED HIS MISTAKE. WE SHOULD THANK HIM FOR THAT. DT A MASTER MANIPULATOR..
@SenJohnMcCain Please stop your hateful rhetoric of @POTUS It's selfish & hurts your party & the country. It's childish politics. #Jealous
You should crawl back in your den and shut up....You've done enough damage to our Party and Country recently. Thanks for your service.
That's right, because he hasn't denounced them enough right? How about instead, you stop blaming him for the actions of others?
He praised him.. you must have missed it while doing your hate filled anti Trump Attack that you do several times a day :)
Please sir, you know you have to do the right thing. Trump must be impeached for the sake of humanity.
This is on the Republicans.  Bred and Cultivated. So on you too. You can't say one thing and do the opposite with your votes.
Complacent
Damn McCain your racist party is open to all attacks you could have stopped him and stood up for POWs u came home my father didn't 
Please start referring to them by their correct name- Nazis.
And you should invoke the #25thAmendmentNow
As a retired SEAL, I cringe every time I see your name pop up. You have failed America as a senator. You are not a Republican either.
ALL you do is attack Potus,  shut up and go away. You have sold out CONSERVATIVES for http://years.YOU  R NOT PRESIDENT, U LOST
Mcmasters support and soul selling to protect one of the worst Americans ever born is just as disgraceful. Impeach trump and remove Alt rt
John we are talking a spineless coward who can't even call out white supremacists, @realdonaldtrump is an unapologetic racist & proud of it.
They look at him as the enemy of Bannon. What does that tell you about Bannon
Stop telling @POTUS what to do.
Stop telling @SenJohnMcCain what to do.
Lol!
And. Fire. Bannon.
YOUR disgraceful Mr Neo-con. #Ukrainegate #FireMcMaster
this makes my stomach turn!
I hope you know We the People stand with you!!!!!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. Next time in Raleigh NC, dinner is on me.
You drive a mazda, you can't afford him. Photo a Rolls and he'll meet you.
Nah he's down with the middle class.
I don't trust McMaster and I'm anti alt-right. Don't put words in my mouth.
What's disgraceful is Donald Trump! Surely he does not represent your party.  Speak up for God's sake.  We depend on the morality of you all

Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
Senator, why is your health care better for you than for Veterans. Why did you not go to VA Hospital Phoenix?
If you're for someone then...America probably needs to get rid of them.
He won't.
Go away John. Your legacy is already disgraced. Guess that soros money was too enticing.
Thank you sir
Maybe in 3 days
McCain, unlike you our @POTUS is working on issues for the American people. I understand that he is a threat to our LIFER politicians.
I'm not alt-right but I denounce McCain.

Thank you Senator McCain! He needs to clean Bannon and Miller out of the Peoples WH. Maybe then we will believe he meant what he said today!
Alt right attacks on anyone are disgraceful not just the Trumpettes!
Traitors should keep their mouths shut . @retirenowmccain
@SenJohnMcCain PLEEEEEEASE shut up!!
You all need to go away you do not help. Senator please retire.
Call for Trump's impeachment & end this disgraceful period in our history.
You are the repugnant one, sir, with all due no-respect. Your history from the deck of the Forrestal to today says it all.
If McLame is standing up for McMasters something very sinister is afoot. I pray Trump fires him and all the Obama holdovers IMMEDIATELY.
http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/52af53516bb3f7a73c43dd69-1190-625/john-mccain-went-to-ukraine-and-stood-on-stage-with-a-man-accused-of-being-an-anti-semitic-neo-nazi.jpg …
You should switch parties and be the democrat you really are but we don't live in a should world do we John.
You are talking about whiny Trump? He loves everyone hating everyone but him
He's trying to run a country John, with little help from you.
Think he needs to start by removing them from the White House
You're expecting integrity from Trump? You know better, GOP supported & voted for him, you own him! Do something about it or all is judged.
John MCain Ukraine!
Why so you can start another war. @SenJohnMcCain
He did Senator, then took it back again today.  What is WRONG with him!
@FrancesRauer @POTUS also disgraceful, @realDonaldTrump tweeting a journalist being hit by a train
Hopefully you can protect him , he is a sad hero
The truth sometimes hurts. If hes doing a bad job he should be told.
@AmandiOnAir @POTUS And you and the rest if the gop should denounce trump


You need to get together with the rest of the GOP and get rid of the evil entity in the White House he's destroying democracy#impeachtrump
The freaking denouncements. This will go on for the next 3 1/2 years.
one sentence is required, on camera out of his lips not reading a teleprompter. Say, I condemn White Supremacy.
Retire and stop reading the tabloids.
Trump's repugnant as well
@realDonaldTrump McCain is a true American. You are a coward.
Dear @SenJohnMcCain Face it. @realDonaldTrump won't disavow or denounce. He has NO moral compass. Will read off teleprompter if FORCED! SAD!
He can barely stomach denouncing white supremacy. He stands for nothing.
Why would he denounced it he is part of the alt- right sad sad sad
Be quite. You are the face of corruption
The great national divide is what we have between "should" and "will".
Have you not noticed the disgraceful attacks on POTUS?I Haven't seen you denounce in fact you just pour salt in the wounds.All fake news bad
Can we now get this insane man, giving alt-right groups fuel for the fire, out of office before another civil war breaks out?  @RepAlGreen
As a senior party leader, it is your responsibility to pressure Ryan and McConnell to remove this maniac from office. NOW.
Your sounding more and more like Nancy Pelosi.  What is disgraceful is you being a traitor to your Party, Country and President.
Don't hold your breath
POTUS will never really denounce the alt-right because their agenda is his agenda, and you are helping him by supporting this Nazi movement.
You speak out on this, but remain silent on all the horrible things trump says & does. Trump continues to support racists.Really Disgraceful
I renounce you songbird!
30 years of FAILED and DISHONORABLE WARS is your legacy John.   And then stick the 26 TRILLION dollar debt to the young.   You are a loser
You hate Nazis but arm them in Ukraine  #joke
He hasn't mentioned alt right or white nationalism
Impeach him and let the nation heal already. Enough.
You are 100% correct. However, he feels he needs "alt-right" as they are supporters. What a pity! Ashamed that 45 is our Prez.
Sen ask him again in 48hr. After everyone tells him it's what he should do
They are trump
Lol. Don is too busy dealing w your kind, John.
Disappointed that DT apparently doesn't understand how damaging these intramural disputes are to his ability to advance Repub initiatives.
He should quir covering up forT.
He won't.  He seems to have a penchant for chaos without thought that the WORLD is watching as he slowly kills any and all cred the US had.
The POTUS needs to be removed!!  Put country before party!!
The Alt Right have more credibity than you McCain. I support President Trump. I wonder what they have on you. I can guess.
You denounce the coup against our President.
He's one of them!!!
And WHEN will the entire GOP denounce Trump? When? You're combined GOP inaction has re-branded you all as the White Supremacist Party.
But, as you know he will not.
Give him a few days to think about it.
Why. Here had trouble denouncing racists, why bother? He's disingenuous
Senator, trump needs to be impeached. He's unfit and you know it and congress knows it.
A real hero calling it like he sees it. We need McCain.
Like that will happen.
????????? What's his Truth ??? I'm curious Andi think the rest of the world is also.. Ummmmmmm we are waiting so !!! When ever ur ready !
He'd have to look up 'repugnant' first. So many words, so little time....
They are systematically killing the Party of Lincoln right before our eyes
I agree.  Thank you JOHN McCAIN for speaking up.
#gohomemcCain
Stop calling them Alt-right, they are just plain Nazi's
John dictator Donnie can't they all voted for him ...some base !!
@GOP can stop this madness by invoking the #25thAmendmentNow TODAY Senator. You want it STOPPED then ACT its ur responsibility to do so!!
ow about you just start impeachment proceedings so we can end this misery called trump
He wake up Mr McCain
GOP=KKK  GOP=Nazis Why?
Congress wants the nation to come together. Congress needs to lead the way and work together, 
Come on now, you know he is a clown. Get rid of this  
He'll probably need more GOP senators to denounce the attacks, as well as some media attention...then wait 48 hours.
Noticed DT forked-tongue on McMaster around 8/10 -- expected this.
Alt-right are #FakePatriots!
Thank you, again, Sen. McCain for serving as the GOP's moral compass, as we certainly can't rely on POTUS.
when you gonna denounce Svoboda? 
And you should have lived up to your promise to repeal ACA!
Trump spent his whole campaign courting alt-right/nazi/racist votes -he cares more about maintaining that base than doing the right thing
Really Because I never heard any speech as such!
@POTUS  can't even denounce domestic terrorist after they kill innocent people then don't hold your breath about him protecting McMaster
They are white supremacists
America is renouncing you. You are a traitor. Were you marching with Antifa?
When are you going to renounce Svoboda by name?
Your the leader of the alt left! Ya fuckin open borders globalist!
ALT- right does not represent true conservatives. This needs to be made clear to ALL Americans. Especially leftist ind. and org.
Recall John McCain......
Good luck with that. All republicans should denounce Trump! Force him to resign.
So proud of you! @SenJohnMcCain
It is only Democrats and liberals that hear you now. You have lost your voice among conservatives.
And fire Bannon and Gorka
#SongBird. 
For Pete sake should he spend all his time denouncing people?  He's trying to work I know senators are easily distracted but let's move!
@RealDTrump2k16 isn't fit to be dog catcher much less president.  He's a disgrace.
Who cares
What! Rumor is that he has the same boss as you "Mr. Paycheck himself...George Soros". My reference is  Robert Stone. Do you know him?
And what are you doing about it @SenJohnMcCain ? If you're not talking impeachment then America can't hear you! Time to #impeachTrump!!!
Why would he. He ignores credible threat reports to satisfy racists.
What do we need to do to get rid of Trump? Seriously. I'm asking.
And fire the AT LEAST 3 #WhiteSupremacists in his #administration . #Trump is a known #Racist 
#FireBannon 
#FireGorka 
#FireMiller
care to explain this?
RINO. Please resign and spend this time with your family.
Of course he should but he won't.He's part of the supremacy I believe, Senator McCain if not officially, he's a racist himself.
@SenJohnMcCain, fight the cancer and beat it. Our country needs you now more then ever. Our nation's prayers are with you. God bless.
