President Trump will want all the details so he can do same in 2020
That's how TRUMP won senator!  You know it, your colleagues know it and all we hear is crickets.   Sad day for our democracy to have 45.
You meant 44 didn't you
Nope and nope! Proud of our black president! Obama put up with the racial ,sick sector of the GOP that promised road blocks every inch of
Proud of what he did a great job with China North Korea Russia Iran he left the world a mess typical California response
Senator, why weren't you concerned about Obama's election tampering... multiple nations, esp Israel. Gotta jump right on those Russians, tho
Not surprising your well liked more by the progressive left than republicans.Think Arizona is having remorse voting u in yet again? HELL YES
So Venezuela's electronic tallies are altered, but Donald's 0.1% victory margin in swing states is not questionable cause e-votes are safe?
Russia and the democrats did it
You KNOW what I'm going to say, Senator...
DefCon just showed how easy it is to hack our voting systems. What are we doing to investigate and insure safe, secure elections?
This is in our future with Trump I fear
Maybe you could go on a vacation with your hero bank fraud Bernie he loves it down there
Corruption in South America?  Bombshell!
Proof or speculation like Russia/ Trump collusion? When is the shoes going to drop McCain?
Wow I'm glad those kinds of things only happen in other countries
Looks like what Russia wants to do to us - rewrite our constitution & destroy our democracy. Congress must step up on Russian Investigation!
What are you going to do now Johnny start a war with Venezuela to
Know who else did? The DNC. And I have yet to see any headlines on MSM discussing it.
So they can have election fraud in Venezuela but not in the United States :) Trump tries to investigate you shut it down
They can say the same about our election but republicans can't bring it on themselves to tell the truth!
Don't worry about crap like that. Please help the American people! If your capable of that!
Im surprised your senile ass didn't blame Russia for that too
We must impose aggressive sanctions to include ban on heavy oil imports. Small window of opportunity, but could be very effective. Act NOW.
What do ya know. Just like the @GOP helped #Russia tamper with US election software. So Senator what's your point.
Maybe you should go thete,You would fit right in
Are you kidding me? What about the elections YOU tampered with, scum!!!
REITRE! You tried to rig the US elections with that Russian Dossier!

sounds a lot like what you allowed to happen in America. John.
This is a major concern for every democracy, now.
Maduro is a communist, hostile to ideology and a violator of the country's constitution, sectoral sanctions and embargoes are needed
@SenJohnMcCain let's declare war on Venezuela and Red China sounds good to me; hope your bunker is ready.
#PaperBallots #HandCountVotes will put an end to all of this. If this happens again here in 2018 Shame on all of u for not protecting votes
We need to put a stop to computer voting in this country. Get back to the basics as our founding fathers did. #PaperBallots #HandCountVotes
First we are going to have to remove complicit Republicans like John McCain
Your pal Soros at work again!
Also not surprising that obama interfered with Israel election..YOU didn't have a problem with THAT did you?
Welcome to socialism/totalitarianism
We have done more tampering in this country than anyone.
- I am more worried about 30 Dems & DW Schultz & Awan Family selling classified intel to foreign Gov STOLE MONEY EQUIP!
It was Russia! Lol.

Russia is looking to undermine confidence in our democracy. But there are common-sense ways to guard against it. https://www.brennancenter.org/publication/securing-elections-foreign-interference … 
Since all voting machines were hacked at DefCon, how should the US proceed to assure accurately reported election results?

There is a lot at stake here, and both states and voters cannot afford to lose this battle. http://ti.me/2tyZbmj 

We need to secure our elections from Russia, not with them. Here's how to actually safeguard them: http://bit.ly/2sWAZgH  
Another trumpeter ad Russian  effect going around the world? Crooks and dictators!
John,u and Lindsey,Both Know,Trump is NOT,right in the Head! Please, come together, and GET HIM OUT,NOW! Quickly,Sir! Luvu!
Did you see this article: http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/computing/networks/defcon-hackers-find-holes-in-every-voting-machine …
Smartmatic's owner is on the Global Board of Soros Open Society Foundation.  I see you are still taking orders from your owner "Boom Boom"!
The minute they elected Chávez you knew Venezuela was headed for the rocks.
This is worrisome. Paper ballets for midterms and onward?
Sounds just like Kris Kobach's attempts to suppress the vote.
Trump believes in election tampering...except when Russia is accused of it

Could have been a 400 pound hacker in his mom's basement or the Chinese.  We'll never know.
Nice to see military people respect each other...

Whistleblower TarrefSimon is bring attention tothe contaminatedwater @ the VA.#Justice4Vets
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions … 
