Go away old man, give that seat to someone who has a brain.
Give it to a Democrat
Hmmm these days might be better for my President, he was good for your President.
The real maverick
Oh he was a real slick Willy, worse than the original. A real criminal.
#IStandWithRand
Go home john. Your brain is broke. How could you vote against Harvey aid? Go home.
What is the pork belly in this ?  Who what why would have benefited besides Harvey victims? Get facts
I have facts. The American people were the pork. 3 month debt ceiling vs 4 month fix. He sold Texas out for a month of politics.
Support your President John
John McCain is a traitor
and the State Dept needs to be properly funded .... Putin isn't worried about the hardware as a bit obvious to use but software?
Your a traitor to your country and http://party.You  will do anything to fill your http://pockets.You  have no conscious.
Traitor? He's the man who stood with other soldiers & would not leave them @ Hanoi Hilton did u serve?
Sir, you should have voted for Repeal & Replace....VOTE FOR @POTUS TAX CUTS....
A vote for Potus is a vote 4 Pouten Russia & bigots
A vote for HRC is a vote to sell out the U.S.
Get it done!
You leaving office would be a good start to make America great again.
Step down and make us happy! #RINO #Traitor #SongBird
God bless you. Your opinions are important and so valued by Americans !
DUE CREDIT- "GIT-R-DONE"-NO NONSENSE-no Politics- just Re-Arming the WARMACHINE for Natl Security & Peace thru Strength (firepower) THX SEN!
John McCain brokered the Trump dossier for the FBI. He is the swamp!
Pres Trump need to learn what all valid CEOs know. Listen 2 those who know & hav been thru it. Donald stayed home frm Military! POWs R HEROS
FEEL GOOD sending Love and prayers for Good Health!
Your still boring, POTUS will take care of it.
What
Vote this guy OUT ...   ASAP!
Why don't u run for his seat?  No guts!!!!!!!
Cause I live in Brooklyn ...  wait wait wait wait ..  I'll move to Nevada ...  that's it ... fing brilliant .. BRILLIANT LEFTY!!!
We voted for Republicans, who care what the Democrats want. Please repeal Obamacare.
You're a liar. Go away.
That's the real issue isn't it. Being able to shake each other's hands congratulate yourselves then wait until you need attention again smh
Retire
If McCain likes it, I am worried.
If trump works w democrats McCain going back being republican
Retire John.
@MeghanMcCain 
Are u proud of daddy 4 maybe paving the way for the US 2 have a single payer health care system?
#SinglePayer
Two-faced traitor.
Subsidizing Aerospace. Condemning soldiers/sailors to a bankrupt nation & indentured servitude. $20.162T & $10T in debt service. Mournful.
Ignore the haters who don't have the balls to stand up for what is right. The NDAA is important to our security. Thanks for your support.
Most Tyrannical Legislation going Senator Songbird
Go away already!
Fucking traitor and his bimbo daughter ... NOBODY cares what you think
#Traitor
You BORE ME, McCain
We already spend 3 times as much as China on military (which is second in the world). Let's cut military spending and pay our other bills.
Retire already Jesus
Obama didn't need to leave boobie traps for Trump, he left John McCain. RETIRE Brutus
Mayo Clinic does not accept Obamacare - Thanks for nothing you puke
We subsidize 72% of this clowns medical health, HE, and ALL, congress and senate, PLUS, their staff. LOOK IT UP!!  You'll get blown away.
Go away McCain. Just a useful IDDIOT for Dems and press
Go away. Obstructionist, Hero no more. You are the best argument for term limits. Get on board and #MAGA
Thank God this is your last term in the US Senate.
I wonder why the Democrats are embracing POTUS now? Maybe they think he will help their agenda. Would you like to return to GOP now?
You're a RINO Never Trumper! You've lost your constituents
Apparently you are not capable of focusing on the important issues of the day.
And over 40 years, you're still a POW traitor who betrayed families and country.
Maycoffupyion at its finest ... DOSSIER you need to be questioned ???
Military is not the priority.  American prosperity should be the priority.  Raising the standard of living for all should be the priority.
For 30+ yrs you have been a political lap dog to Soros! Go away Traitor
You just want Nazi style control over Americans for your globalist masters. It's always been about spying on Americans not for security.
You betrayed us all.
