Start giving support to President Trump.  You are harming the Republican Party.  @realDonaldTrump
He is one of the extreme few that are actually trying to save the Republican party. And why are you requesting support for trump?
Trump was THE ONLY ONE WHO COULD HAVE POSSIBLY GOT THEM BACK IN POWER!  It won't happen again if they don't help him fulfill his promises!
I am a Democrat. Actually I am a liberal. There are great people on both sides. Trump is neither.  Your party and mine are being cleaned.
Does this raise your blood pressure
No ignorance to facts. Dems cld not handle loss so needed to plan conspiracy. Dems resort to name calling & violence which shows ignorance
Yep, to show us more how much a Democrat you are!!
CLICK OFf..FAKE NEWS  NO BODY WATCHES THEM EXCEPT LOONS  ARE YOU A LOON SEN?? MSNBC  THE VERY WORST
@SenJohnMcCain you are the first person who was in the military . That I have ever seen to disgrace the military like you are doing
why do you only interview with msnbc and cnn both are fake news that can't stop lying
A voice of sanity from the right.
You must be not just a VOICE but a @GOP LEADER! I think you will be! #SELECTCOMMITTEE #ComeyFiring #Russianhack #WatergateSize #Emoluments
Hahahahahahaha!  That ridiculous failure!  Never unless he starts his own Progressive Socialist (Communist) Party!

Spaced you Bitches U.S. For Ukraine Iraq Syria in tatters NATO terrorists
#usa #ukraine #nato #SaveDonbassPeople
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wkbsoxzfssk&t=74s …
Sir, it is Too Late to put Training Wheels on @realDonaldTrump! is #Unqualified #DictatorInTraining Never APOLOGIZED denigrating ur heroism
Do you really think people tune in to hear your nonsense?
Where you belong - Fake News - Fake Republican
RINO TRAITOR
Russia Russia Russia. Too bad you can't talk about something productive.
Lots to lie about.
why don't you ever go on FOX news @SenJohnMcCain; are you afraid of the truth? God is listening where ever you are and taking notes, TRAITOR
I hope you told them how hard you worked to get @realDonaldTrump elected.
U don't even rate being a snowflake,,your yellow
MSNBC is Prog Propaganda
He's a disgrace wherever he goes...
Pass
I'm so happy ur not my Senator!
Republicans need to stand together no matter what!  Why aren't you?
Please retire or just come out of closet and become a Democrat
I don't think he knows where the closet door handle is located
Senator what a embarrassment it must be for you. Your party is looking like a circus of clowns. Come over to the good side.Democratic Party
Yes, the good side, like murdering the unborn, no morals, no tradition, just live in la la love.  Yeah, the good side!
Leave your card and credentials at the DOOR when you leave!
Thanks for the warning... it could of derailed my whole day tuning in to that RINO speak...
I can't believe your a Republican.. Really who are you?
Why don't you just move to Russia
LIMO Libs yammer to high heaven they LOST and can't STAND IT
Lost our nation's dignity and now it's being restored! 
Dignity? Songbird believes he is "entitled" above us ALL ..
You mean Trump? Tweet tweet tweet
No. McCain = Songbird . He sang often & loud in Hanoi Hilton
You're both sick and wrong!
Try @TuckerCarlson !
For all the crazies out there, Please articulate how your life has become worse in the last 4 months since Trump became President.
With your baggage "Keating 5, tailhook, Forrestal", you still wish to cast the first stones?
HOW ABOUT WE THROW U OUT OF OUR COUNTRY!!TRAITOR!!
Don't u mean more conspiracies to come up with!!you sir!r a traitor to our nation,giving up coordinates in Nam!!"SHAME ON YOU"!!
Your going on .@Morning_Joe proves to #WeThePeople you .@SenJohnMcCain are and have been a Traitor to #WeThePeople #KARMA killed hundreds US
Just to be clear: You nor any office holder in US history have been treated as disgracefully as President Trump.
Loved ur MSNBC comment that press was rougher on you than on trump. Definitely! Jimmy Carter was the kindest and the hardest hit. Kudos 2 U.
John, you and Congress are a real joke, not focusing on real legislation but Political Noise. What a waste of time.  Really?
McCain, right at home with the leftists on MSNBC! I'm sure he spent most of his time bashing @POTUS as he usually does! Help your prez WIN!
Of course Lots to bash Trump on because you are a phony and traitor and you are lucky you were barely re-elected, it won't happen again
You are the ultimate traitor God punished you once before and he will again How do you sleep at night
Loser going on a loser show
With all the stupid remarks you have made recently, no one would give you air time except the lying democrat supporters like Joe and Mika
U hold hands w/Joe as u celebrated Hillary's new money making scheme? I'm sure it hurts she's not in the WH so u'd be cheek to cheek w/her.
Thanks for your words this morning.
RUSSIA.
Stop going on these lefty shows and basing POTUS we are sick of it! Be a true GOP leader instead of a backstabbing bitter old man.
Are you going to say senators shouldn't have life time job in the goverment because we forget who we work for.
We need to start investigating your finances.....you've obviously been paid off like most of democrat party.
you fit right in that left wing fake news outlet
Why are you always on the lefty looney channels now?

Don't forget to bash Trump like you always do Mr Traitor.
You undermine the democratic process w/your baseless attacks against duly elected President. You harm U.S. more than Russians. Disgrace.
So proud to call you my Senator! You have served AZ well. Keep defending our state & our democracy
RETIRE
Great appearance on Morning Joe. Agree with you on Turkish ambassador. Thanks for being the voice of reason.
Change your party democrat
Whoppie
Stop being a RINO, RETIRE already!!
Do something...make history ! Stop agreeing with what is wrong.
Are you going to talk about the POWs that were knowingly left over there
Oh goody we can watch and listen to the 2 of you bash Trump for an hr,  . You really are a head case JM, time for you to retire! Traitor!
Oh great!  
You're a petty, vindictive, and egotistical old man.  You're responsible for supplying weapons to ISIS and Christian genocide in the Mideast
Always respected you but seems you care more about personal dislike of Pres Trump than the people
McCain is against our President.. why not use all this energy to get to bottom of Obama and Hillary obstruction? RINO?
He's for COUNTRY & that's true patriotism.
Traitor
Go get 'em, "maverick".  . As if.  Blowhard
Perfect place for you.  Daily dose of the swamp.
You going to praise your terrorist fanboys john?
Traitor mccain..  Puppet extrordinaire
You have zero class- just retire & let people that want to progress the country get on with it. You on hat pathetic show is a good match
You are an obstructionist & a con artist, with ZERO integrity. You & your lazy ilk on the hill all need sacking. Disgusting behaviour !
Thanks to Mr. John McCain. Send the Turkish ambassador home.
Can we condemn Saudi Arabia for human rights abuses?
Like how you are a traitor against the people and your own party? Or about how ineffectual you & @GOP have been until recently?
Wisdom of Solomon
Pride leads to all other sins. You are a big sinner
Not interested. Won't listen to you where ever you pop up especially MSN-BC
Why? You are a man of great ideas and no action.
Retire!!!
Finally! A republican that has some character and values. He cares about this country.
You were fantastic, as always. You are the greatest living senator. Thank you.
you are a hero.  Please continue to be one!
These are your kind of people u fraud
Great so you can betray the American people and trash our constitution. Looking forward to it. Loser!
Good spotlight on the Turkish thugs beating outrage.
Also
Know you have extensive Intil but are Bombs and Boots really always best option?
Will catch it, sir. Please continue to support investigation for Truth, we value it.
nope..stopped watching...and the fact that you and they agree on so much....well, that just figures
great interview,sir. Please see us through this mess with Trump, Pense, Tillerson, Ryan et.al. Gratefully
You are hilarious. In another universe I would like to buy you a beer Sir.
Where have you been while the leader of your party has been attacked since day one? Lost all respect for you
what do the other bots think?
I guarantee you I am not a bot and you will find out polls are wrong about Trumps supporters.
More respect for you sir than anyone in Washington thank you sir....
#DrainTheSwamp  You are the swamp!
Working on getting a permanent position on the show for when you're voted out of office?
John McCain probably revealed less to the KGB in 5 years of torture at the Hanoi Hilton than Trump did in 5 minutes in the Oval Office.
That's where you belong.  You are a Democrat through and through.  You are such disrespectful person.
Good Thursday Morning, Sen. John McCain of ARIZONA
Thanks for condemning Turkish President's bodyguards attacking our protesters. Hope there is action against these thugs & their govt. 
I bet you do! Term limits!
You talk of broken process but you and other politicians control the process. You have let the minority party dictate the process.
Why weren't you and other Senators demanding a investigation when Bill meet on the tarmac with AG. RINO's like you need to retire.
Never a hero
he never was a hero,unless u call getting shot down then singing like a bird a hero,every viet nam vet i know still wants to kick his ass
You are one nasty traitor. A piece of feces on the face of this great nation.
Songbird
Don't forget your duct tape
Flyboys  fly alone and don't know anything about working as a team. Obama creamed you when you "suspended" your campaign to play patriot !
Thank you Sir for calling out the Turkish Embassy! "Kick them the hell out"!
This is not getting the coverage it should. Thanks you @SenJohnMcCain Kick them OUT
Of course you are, you are a dispicable man.No principles and no loyalty.
Country first please!!!!!
Go ahead and make the switch John!
Why not just go home?  You're not helping anything.  Stand with President Trump!
OMG turn coat no way, u & those 2 jackasses! Sorry got more creditable analysis to watch. Have fun  Losers!
There!  Again, you are the voice of reason!  Saying what nobody has: Throwing Turkeys ambassador out of the county!  Thank you!
Sen. McCain; Putin said he could/would provide verified conversation/dialogue btw POTUS & Diplomat in Oval Office. All you need do is ask.
Now that was funny!
I don't always like what you say, but I never doubt your integrity! Thanks for your service.
Let me guess, "impeach, impeach...war, war" I will always respect what you did for the country in service. But stop trying to destroy it now
I don't RESPECT TURD McCAIN Then nor NOW . Songbird needed CHARGES.
Dont f up!
U should feel right at home on the other side
LMFAO why are you the senile old man always invited to the fake news broadcasts? You love getting attention don't u? Feeling relevant.
You called Rand Paul a Russian agent. You help the fake news crew get their agenda across while putting up the facade of being unbiased.
only time Trump's ever excited u John McCain was when he bombed Syria. You got so wet so fast. But then when it wasn't full war u got sad :(
Sorry Senator can't watch haters
You announcing your official switch to Democratic party?
He's a dispicable man, no loyalty .
He's a patriot and a war hero. Trump should be listening to HIM!
R U Blind and deaf? Shame on you for being ignorant.
Lots to discuss...that's an understatement!
You need to stop back stabbing the president. You are nothing more than a traitor. Everyone sees you for what you are!
I'm waiting....
Your a coward give into to the Democrats on everything now we know why you lost the presidency
John McCain has come full circle as a traitor!
Nobody believes that you are either a buffalo or sparkless fossil fuel. You MAY be a sentient pair of over-priced jeans.
Gonna talk about ending the Never-Ending Regime-Change Wars? Healthcare? Voters' Rights? Education?
You need to find your Patriotism and man-up.  #Impeach #CoverUp #CorruptionandGreed #TheResistance
that Joe guy, pass
Closet lib
Potus 45* decided to tweet to give you something to talk about
Nice of you flock to the left wing #SongBird.
I would watch that show if you gave it to me! Funny your not on Fox much anymore! You were when you pretended to be Conservative! #RINO
MAKE UP FOR GIVING US PALIN, GET HIM IN JAIL WHERE HE BELONGS #TRUMPTRAITOR
Make sure you mention the guy you helped elect president & won't stand up to is ranting on Twitter again
Y'all deserve one another.
Thank you for being the Republican voice of reason in this insanity! Your honesty keeps me sane!
Perhaps they can give you some tips on how to be a cohesive party that doesn't attack itself constantly
Really hoping you present an argument which is best for the global community not just the GOP
Take a look at Trump's tweets before you do.
The new Justice League of America
no thanks.
