The people of Arizona is going to repeal your senate seat, I respect your military, but you have failed the Arizona people!
I don't know what's going on in AZ but McCain is one of a few in congress that focuses on people vs. his party. I wish we had more like him.
This man is one of the people responsible for ruining my business and destroying our family we don't have health care and we can't afford it
Citation needed for your claim. How has he ruined your business and destroyed your family? That is a bold claim.
Agree. Accusing without any relevant facts / story is not right .
Obama and Bernie are the same big government and big taxes, socialism, if you don't know that then you are part of the problem
We saw how things improved from 2009 till 2016. Of course future is also great . So not sure  where is the problem ? Jobs, stock, economy?
Thank you for standing up for ALL Americans. @CatoInstitute @Heritage foundation ALL support repealing the #JonesAct. Look it up, y’all.
He's not standing for me
I imagine you’re not living on an American island without power. Their food&living costs r 2x compared to mainland USA, because of #JonesAct
Devastating of hurricanes. We are still not on feet . Lots left to go Fl so no not on an island but know all about
The #JonesAct is a law requiring certain islands to only accept shipments from US-made and run ships. In a serious emergency this is not ok.
Thought I read Canada was sending a ship to help
Other nations want to help, but the #JonesAct will stand in their way. The @DHSgov is refusing to even issue a waiver to provide them relief
That is horrible anyone should be able to help
Why don't you repeal Obamacare slob, it killed my business, hurt my employees, hurt my family, we actually got penalties for not having 
Hello Senator. If you watch Fox you would here directly from FEMA that the #JonesAct is not an issue for them. But keep up the hate
The @DHS claim that “it wouldn’t do that much good, shipping ports are damaged” is not a good reason. It’s a very sad excuse 4 inaction.
Thank you McCain for voting to do what you know is right regardless of the deplorable loud minority
this is FAKE bill bc he knows & didn't try to get ANY support for it... this is 100% political!!
how much work did you put in this to get support or did you just sign off & add it to your pile that you made... Garbage & political only
That's not going to help people dying tonight.
Glad you're doing something useful for a change. Get it passed and get back to your usual voting with the Democrats on HC/tax reform/etc.
Who are you?
Wish more republicans were like you. I would better sleep at night.
Thank you for standing up for what our country stands for over rhetoric. God bless you with your personal journey.
WOW, U don't see rhetoric when it's staring U in the face.  he's done nothing serious to support this.  Look @ how many bills he does
you are an enemy of the country,  you are a democrat when they need you
Thank you Senator McCain for all you do for America!! You're a true patriot and hero. God bless you! That's coming from a Democrat. 
Sure it's coming from a Democrat.  McCain supports the Democrat's agenda!
No senator McCain supports what's right that's why Many Puerto Rican vets support him whether he's Republican or not he's an American Hero
He is a traitor of this country and destroyed more aircraft than Vietnam
I wish you'd introduce your resignation so we could get a conservative in your seat. Flake needs to resign along with you. You let us down.
Way to go!! You need to push this through.
Go home !! Retire! You are only there to work with the Dems
I can’t wait for the great state of Arizona replace you
And....what happened?
Does anyone take this guy seriously anymore?

But nice try there Johnny!
Try doing health care
Go Maverick go!!! #WithMcCain
6 months to repair electrical grid? Tax giveaways  prevent us from doing this:
You ARE the MAN....
Just go away
I’m sure it’ll put more money  in your pocket senator.
Why do you want to do away with something that under ordinary circumstances protects American shipping?
I don't support anything you propose.
Let’s put Trump out and McCain in
How about a negotiation?  Lift restrictions on Jones Act for your vote on health care reform?
Please continue your quest to repeal the #JonesACT.  It's more critical now than ever.  Thank you, sir.
should work as hard to repeal Obama care.Twice you sabotaged efforts to repeal because of your petty vendetta towards Pres Trump! shameful!
Is there a way to repeal @realDonaldTrump and replace him with you, John? Keep on resisting this horrendous nightmare of an administration.
Great.!!!  Thank you!  Now, whatever you can do to help get this disturbed idiot out of WH would be appreciated.
Thank you.
Thank you for continuing to support the right things. As an Arizona, I am proud to have you as my Senator.
Thank you for instinctively knowing what needs changing and what doesn't!  
#WeareWithYou
#HeroforAll
Thank you Senator. Your spirit is inspiring
Thank you sir for fighting for what's right..  whooooah
Blah blah blah blah senator
Why not intro a bill to fund infrastructure in #PR? That's the problem, not #Jones Act.
You are a constant failure!
What good is it to send a thousand ships if only 10 can dock...?
@Helenhs looks like the Maverick is stepping up to the plate.
Someone tell #Trump that there are are #Nazis trapped in #PuertoRico...he'll send in the entire #US #Navy fleet
Thank God we have a few representatives left who are not crooks.
Not only that tourists can't even get on their cruise ship at the next US stop if they miss the first US stop cuz of Jones Act
How do we ship in wartime?
https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R3/status/913003745104896000/photo/1pic.twitter.com/SEsTFe4XEk 
Amazing how quick you are to want to repeal something, I think we’ve heard this before, over and over and over and over then back stabbed
He won't sign it unless a M-16 to his head. I hope you hold it. Or veto proof vote. My Navy language coming out. This is fucked up.
so.. I can introduce bills all day long. Doesn't mean a damn thing. Oh yeah.. retire will ya?
When did Congress repeal the Immigration Act? It hasn't been enforced for decades. Now enforcing #JonesAct. More lies from McCain.
Don't repeal - waive temporarily!!
Trump doesn't want to repeal cuz John McCain suggested it.
Thank you sir! THAT is what a public servant does for Americans!
What about the merchant seamen who get remedy for negligence of shipping cos, captains the Jones Act also provides for. Not a good idea.
And now we see the real reason for Trump's decision.  He doesn't like McCain so he's lashing out, at the expense of lives in Puerto Rico.
Thank you for having a heart, and acting in accordance with it.
Thank you Senator
What is Trump's problem?! Why don't you GOP impeach him?
Thanks for doing the right thing by the people and the country! By Crazy conscience you have to do the right thing, no regrets! Appreciate
thank you for your Service, Senator McCain #truehero #patriot
So where is that Bill Senator, Oh, I know, your buddy Mitch won't let it even come up for discussion, let alone a vote, cut the BS !
I am hoping when Puerto Rico becomes a state they make your birthday a state holiday! Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
Trump values monetary profit over lives any day. @realDonaldTrump
Please help these American people. They are suffering because of #JonesAct . This is not only Shameless it is sinful
Bless you Senator McCain!!  thank you for being a republican senator that cares for the people Your in my families prayers!
Who do we call in oversight to get help to Puerto Rico?  Foreign Ships loaded with supplies are ready to unload!
Hoping that military deployment can solve some of the logistical and distribution problems on the ground. 
Time is running out.
Thank you Senator John McCain ! God Bless you ! You SURE ARE ONE IF THE GOID GUYS ! 
Thank you. But you also voted for DeVos. Not sure about you, but I'd say your still out of balance even though health care helped.
Go John
And there's a certain president not keeping his oath to his office.  How many impeachable offenses can he commit till something gets done?
Senator can we just suspend if they don't want to repeal?  A six month suspension so Puerto Rico can get help. People are dying.
Yes please do something
Thank you senator. You seem to be ready to put America over party. Better late. Insist on an emergency military response for PR and USVI now

What is the progress?  
#gloryhog
Thank you, sir!  A true American hero - as usual.
Do you trump as a total wacko?? Or it is just us ??
What about repeal of Obamacare I heard you mention that quite a few times as well. #LIAR
Thank you!
I would support repeal if I were in the US Senate.
Thank you again, Senator McCain. The #JonesAct is a chokehold on #PuertoRico It needs to go.
If McCain introduced this then it's probably a bad deal
Can Congress temporarily suspend it for PR since Trump won't?
And thank you Sir, for your devotion to a bipartisan process.  Best of luck!
#TrumpsKatrina
.@SenateGOP .@SenateDems .@HouseGOP .@HouseGOP Bipartisan action needed to help our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico. Repeal #JonesAct now!
You are a traitor to your voters and to the American people. Soros pays you. Soros is dedicated to destroying USA.
I hope every senator you screwed with your HC vote walks away from it.
You are wonderful
Why not legislate exemption w/in 24 hours after declaration of emergency with extenders depending on conditions ? #JonesAct @SenJohnMcCain
@SenMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SpeakerRyan Get ON this. American citizens are suffering and will DIE w/o it.
You don't NEED a DHS waiver, you need to govern.
Can it be expedited to the floor for a vote, @SenateGOP???
When will any of you file for Impeachment? Asking for AMERICA?
One rep said he will be filing for impeachment next week
Same one that has said that he was going to do it now 3 times & nothing.
I know...that's why I said, he said, not he will...lol 
Well why don't you bring it up again? I have friends in Puerto Rico and I haven't heard from them.
@SenJohnMcCain, trying to convince people you were doing something?. You could have been concentrating on repealing obamacare. #Liar
Please continue to fight to repeal the Jones Act.  The residents of Puerto Rico are American citizens.  This act needs to go.
Sir ppl are dying n dt is causing it what can we do! I fight deathcare etc. our country is being raped by dt n ppl killed!
Yeah and sit on your ass over healthcare
Well it awful funny that Donald Trump says he's for the U .S. and he breaks rules for everything else but not for the sick hungry and poor !
Stop trying to end US jobs when it has nothing to do with this relief effort. Under mining US shipping industry for who Daddy?
Thank you!
Would you please just retire.  I mean right now.
Thank you again Mr. McCain. Not always up to your moral stature and heroism, but you’re back at it with honor and compassion #mavericksback
You'll just end up voting against it, like all of the other bills you "support"...
Bullshit...So we can lose more  American job? Retire..
@realDonaldTrump
You are amazing!
Isn't McConnell's father in law part of the shipping industry?
Yes that's why trump won't waive act. Elaine Chao (McConnell)USSec Transportation's father is in shipping biz.Rumors of him smuggling drugs
Unfortunately, the @GOP is largely comprised of heartless cowards, you're in the wrong party Mr. McCain.
The kids won't remember this, but @GOP used to be composed of good, honorable people. Now, it's a party of white supremacist traitors.
I've never seen that. I was 8 when Reagan gave his Neshoba County Fair speech about states' rights.
Thank You
What is the WH objection to suspending it for the national emergency facing Puerto Ricans?
The folks in PR are the wrong colors.
I’m glad you are with us sir. Thank you for siding with the American people over party.
Traitor
They should support any bill you intro'd
If repeal can't be sold, limiting act to contiguous 48 states would have huge benefits to PR, HI and AL w/ minimal industrial base impacts
God bless you
Puerto Rico needs help now inland with distribution. Who do we need to call/write to get the government to do what is needed? Thank you!
Yes, 3,000 containers the docks for days, its being slow rolled to try to make this look like a fail, saying can't find any drivers.
Thank you Mr. McCain 4 your service on behalf of Americans. Especially TY 4 voting NO on bill that would have taken away my health coverage!
What is the status of your bill?
Thank you senator!
Didn't you want to repeal Obamacare douchebag? Who believes you? RINO
I don't know all details of this act, but it needs to be set aside for PR right now. The longer term stuff can wait.
Plz introduce a bill to investigate the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
A bill?  Guys like u & Nelson r all talk. Make something happen corruptocrat
Hell John you missed the repeal Obama Care Act which took and is taking more money out of the pockets of Americans than any other forget you
Why did you delete this one?
@SenMcCain
Except that was never posted. Look at the date. You Russians are getting unprofessional now, geez.
Thank you sir!
Keep at it, Senator. We, the 3.5 million American citizens without representation, need you.
Trump will block it
Senator, is your bill in committee, or is McConnell holding it up?
And was enacted in 1920..     97 years ago!!!   Stupidity.
Resign Mcan't
Manchurian senator needs to go...
Just wave goodbye John & enjoy your days
Don't forget to repeal and replace Donald J Trump
You have enough credibility w the GOP you could stand up to Trump, take 15 ppl with you & make the US better. Instead it's knuckling under..
So what have you done to help shipping jobs if it is repealed? Or are you good with Americans losing jobs?
@RepLeeZeldin @leezeldin : instead of showboating in photo ops and getting your face on TV, you can join and do some good for PR and VI.
Thank you.
Why early this year why not the 100 years you've been in office???
Fthe country needs to know the tuth about the GOP, senator
Thank you Senator. Trump won't lead in the PR disaster for whatever reason. Some of us have our suspicions why. They need help. Action req.
Repeal and replace, ur a joke.
Wouldn't brag about another failure in your pitiful career. Get out of the sandbox and grow up. A career of passing laws overturned in court
You're a good man. I hope we have you around for many more years. 
Why don't you introduce a bill to put yourself in prison for treason and just being an all-around  a-hole?
Call @SecElaineChao   She has ships
Does anybody else even care over there?
Mr.McCain am a former marine vet beside lifting the Jones act why can't we use carriers and all terrain vehicle they were use in PR Viegas
Also more important than repealing Obamacare because that only impacts millions of Americans & Small Businesses.
You are truly out for no one but yourself. Retire!
response to #PuertoRico has been disgraceful - thank you for the bill, please don't let your colleagues sweep this disaster under the carpet
Jones Act needs to go to its watery grave forever. Thank you Sen.!
Ypur a good man Senator. Trump is holding these ppl hostage. While ppl are dying! Shameful!
Oh shut up and resign already! No one like you or respect you! You screwed the country.
Your efforts in this matter greatly appreciated. Suspect the Jones Act had an impact on PR making it less resilient to natural disasters.
Enjoy your old age after you gave us the finger for believing in you. Let a true Arizona senator do what you promised us. You are a traitor!
You have turned your back on the Party and The People Sir. You made your choice!
Ur president is using that as excuse to not get aid quickly to Puerto Rico. We know he hates Latinos even if they're citizens. God bless u.
Airlift infants/frail.. NOW before death toll starts racking up-citizens/island neighbors. C130s/ospreys w/tankers can drop fuel Airborn Vet
#retireMcCain.
Jones Act has been waived for these hurricanes as you know. I'm sure your masters at COC are eager to end #USjobs w your vote
Thsnk you Senator..i should have know you'd be on it Sir. How can we (citizen) help back your efforts? Needs to be done long term rwcovery $
Do it again Pease
How about introducing a bill that puts congress on Obamacare ?
Indeed Senator. What are we afraid of? Our WH, our Gov & @GOP are all under Putin’s/foreign entity control.Jones Act is totally meaningless.
This JonesAct is a hindrance to Puerto Rico even before the hurricane! They're being robbed financially!
You're a wonderful person.
#RepealTheJonesAct The time is now! Our fellow Americans need help NOW! #UnidosPorPuertoRico #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
