Time for u and other sensible GOP to call out the Trump adm for its numerous lies about Russia. DT jr. admits collusion. #impeachTrump
A private citizen can meet with whomever they choose. #NeverHillary met with Ukranian official looking for dirt on @realDonaldTrump.
What a crock of s**t. Everyone of Trump's cronies had meetings with Russians and lied about it every time. #collusionobstruction
The @realDonaldTrump's administration had conversations with the officials from MANY nations as we all knew he would win, that's normal
See if u can get this. RUSSIA HACKED OUR ELECTION!!! What the f**k is wrong with u?
Please tell us what was "hacked". Were votes changed? Where and when did this happen? We need exact facts not talking points.
Guess u live on Mars. Sen. & House and special prosecutor r investigating Russian interference. 19 intel agencies said they did.
you should share this secret info that you have that all the other agencies can't seem to find. Maybe you have #NeverHillary's emails
What's it gonna take John? Just trying to milk one last$ for the Kochs? See if you can get closer to overturning roe? RU ok with collusion?
please present this evidence of collusion that you have that 2 FISA warrants, gov't investigations and hundreds of reporters can't find
How can you say they can't find anything? The fisa court is top secret and we are civilians. If you believe ur point ur a fool. Just look! 1
Look where? At what? Where is the evidence? Be specific. Obama told us there was NO election tampering. Was he lying? It while he was prez
Wtf are u talking about. Obama said no such thing. There's 100 things but just the obvious. Lying about knowledge but now Jr n Sr knew 6/16
please dojust a bit of research. On Novemenver 25, 2016 Obama said the election "accurately reflects the will of the American people".
Trump didn't win, Stein because of Russian efforts aided apparently by the trump campaign to focus fake news on hacked Bernie sites did
So exacrtly when did you poll oall the people that wopuld have voted for Stien but didn't to find out what influenced the voting?
Talk, talk, talk.  What are you going to do about this, big guy?--
The lawyer admitted she has ZERO connections to the remlin, but she was in McCain's office for some undisclosed reason.
If she said she has no Kremlin connections, must be true.  Though deed for Brooklyn Bridge I bought from her yesterday hasn't arrived yet.
What evidence do you have that she is lying? Do you know the same lawyer was in McLame's office as well? Present the evidence, facts please
Pressure on Russia!!! You got this John!!
Reading these comments it seems like I'm on the occupy democrats site.  Conspiracy after conspiracy.
Seriously -
Ryan is a coward.  ahe should be removed as Speaker.  You Republicans must do this.
Encouraged by the White House God Almighty Can't Believed this #GOP this Circus has to stop NOW 
rather a circus that the loony farm of the alt-left dems. Thank God @realDonaldTrump and the American people stopped that crazy train
Can we get a full report on exactly what they did?
Still waiting to find out what it is that Russia Russia Russia did to "attack our democracy". Que the crickets Chirp chirp
Senator McCain, did you spend that time in captivity so a draft dodger & his family could destroy our democracy? #DoSomething!
Amen!
But if you were really on #TeamAmerica you'd be defending #america and moving to #ImpeachTrump
On what grounds? You can't impeach a legally elected President just because you don't agree with him. Do you not know how the gov't works?
Then stop helping the White House and all of Trump's cronies excuse and dismiss the #TrumpRussia scandal and stand up for Mueller!
Please present the evidence of Trump/Russia that you seem to have that the FISA warrants and the government can't find.
This rino gets funding from George soros
Why wasn't Russia a big deal months before Trump won? Russia hasn't done anything that we didn't do to Syria, France, Germany or Istael.
Typical Trumpster.  Buy the denials, then when proven a lie, try to explain why it's not a "big deal."  Sad and pathetic.
But you ignore my point? Pot meet kettle.
So we hacked into French, German, Israeli candidates and furnished the data to the opposition?  Is that what Fox & Friends is spewing?
No, but Hillary and Obama screwed with their elections. Hillary even suggested it. Anyway, no one here is working with Russia...no one.
got it, no guts, no glory. Party over people. 
Republicans have no moral or ethical concience.
and, #NeverHillary does? She sold us out to Russia taking millions and selling our uranium to Russia. She did it for YEARS. Any complaints?
Why does Jared Kushner still have security clearance? @LindseyGrahamSC
Why does Hillary still have it?
How long are you going to allow America to be held hostage by the base fears of your party?  Govern or pack it up and go home.
As long as they keep getting elected - both sides of the aisle
Touché  This  show needs to end.
Screw doing the business of the people that pay you and you work for, just cry about Russian and the @realDonaldTrump win. How about the ACA
You should have paid more attention during the Sessions hearings and asked him a few questions about Russia.
Agreed but Trump wont do that .......  we all know why
Why was the Russian lawyer in your office?
Well which is it? Were there Russian attacks on the election or is our President as lying bag of trash? If you can't answer that, who can?
Can't believe your still mad about losing the election...
Swamp feeders at NOT work again.
Trump isn't the only Republican swept to power by Russian interference. Tread carefully or pay the price!
So hasnt america in their interferences in Israel elections...england...andhh just about every country in one way or the other
They just murdered the leaker of the Clintons...right...shot in the back like a pro hit..a robbery...right
Why aren't you more outraged about Obama's recess appts that SCOTUS ruled illegal and @SpeakerRyan didn't do anything to remove them?
Oh oh am i to be one more in long line of bodies in your career like the clintons
I look forward to you leading the fight towards impeachment. I trust you will and yes Russian sanctions must move FORWARD.
OMG.. let it go!!
Thats treason the dnc canidate for president your bud
Thousands john...on your watch..u are no different than john Kerry he committed.Treason when he went to north vietnam and spoke against us
Trump was right A senator for over 40 years...How many soldiers... died on your watch.u r the traitor by turning your back on us .fakeg
Tell me how many MIA s..pows.had a call from the enemy willing to release them..did they eat as well as u in their 3 by 3 cages.or staked to
Huh? Obama was in WH during elections! Despite knowledge of interference, he did nothing UNTIL Trump won. 35 ppl wr deported AND sanctions.
John look u r up to your eyeballs in your subversive collusion to undermine our president...standup show the loyalty to our country
My sentiments exactly! @SenJohnMcCain seemed to love his country more than his party- can't say that for many politicians!
Dare I hope?
Wish you would retire as so many Americans have lost respect for you and tactics the last several years. Sad in the way you act now !!
What would that achieve? If the Senator should read the June DIA report on Russian military power. They fear us already.
Get off of the Russia thing! Retire rhino! Terms limits
you are nothing more than a traitor/always has been, and will always be/money means more to you than American people/Benedict Arnold!
Pundits asked us to support democracy process in Russia, failure for them means failure for us, majority shareholder bp Russia
Impeach the racist send him to hell
That a waste it time
Mr McCain have you noticed that all these tweets are from dems.
Not so; Obama kicked Russians out of two spy compounds, two buildings that @Potus wants to give back freely without hesitation.
Forget stupid Russia.  We all know this is fake news. Start supporting president. Fire Mueller
hey McCain you rino, have you met with any Russian attorneys lately? Photos say that you have
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP Isn't this your job - to uphold your oaths to protect this country?
With all due respect, when will u stand up for this NATION & do the right thing. There is a future dictator in the WH; b the hero & save us
Senator McCain.  You need to seriously step it up a bit.  Russia is interfering now and will continue to do so as long as trump is in the WH
With all due respect, I don't want to hear abt Russia any more. I care abt my family's  SECURITY HEALTHCARE TAXES.Think most Americans agree
Agreed Senator McCain, agreed!!!
McCain is a rino. I want to know about the donation to his institute for saudis. Heard it was like million $
What's good for the goose,is good for the gander! #MAGA
Why would they?nothing done about @HillaryClinton @donnabrazile  @JamesComeyFBI @AGLynch
If podesta and Hillary was not so corrupt there would not have been a attack..please retire, you are losing it..
Amen Brother, Amen.
It is bleeding obvious that Russia with the help of Trump & family colluded to win election. What else do they gain with Jr. Jared & Trump?
Did you miss #NeverHillary colluding with the Ukrainian gov't against @realDonaldTrump? That was OK I guess. It goes both ways
Let's get to the bottom of this Russia deal, we will find the previous DNC is neck deep & preyed upon Trumps not being evil to hurt them.
@realDonaldTrump is in bed with Putin, the House will never love.  #Complicit
If it was up to JMcC we would b at war right now w Russia. If we agreed w his opinions he would of been elected when he ran. #retire
Worry about Healthcsre McCain.  Stop pushing your wars
No offense but most people I know including myself are sick of hearing about Russia!! Please talk about healthcare, tax refom, jobs! Enough
if you were more than hot air you would stand on the Senate floor today, on camera, and say ENOUGH. Impeach
#SenMcJaws and HRC still haven't paid a price for Libya attack - the House should delay no further & pass #HRCMcCainSanctions #washpost
Hello where were you when this happened https://twitter.com/MJMorten/status/878434198209650688 … trump seeks to give those compounds back to his master Putin
https://youtu.be/Tk2ROjMBpDg 
Senator why isn't the #Senate demanding the DNC server to evaluate the hacking? What is everybody covering up?
You never do say what did they attack? Inquiring minds want to know.
Russia hasn't paid a price because Congress, including you @SenJohnMcCain, take no action against Trump.

Turn your outrage into action.
Maybe I'm a bit backwards but I'm more worried about members of our govt that take money from George Soros... just sayin...
#establishment
Senator, America is begging for you and your colleagues to help us! Please do something!
Lets go fishing down the Ukrainian rabbit hole at the same time. See what comes up. Might be some interesting shit lol
Why are you obsessed with Russia ? Cc : @Chiefchuck24
This whole presidency is a farce! Hillary is our #POTUS not Putin's tRump default Pence because ALL of it was in Russia's planning
@MeghanMcCain yes..Right On
we should put sanctions on them ..should have before ...
before they had invaded Ukrain
again that is just my humble opinion
Now we need a Ukraine sanction for helping Hillary and DNC interference
You should worry about whats going on in the do nothing senate. The house passed an obacare repeal in may and the senate does nada! As usual
The house should get off their asses and promote the President's business.  Ryan needs to get a pair and push for convictions of obama admin
Rino
You need to getting pay for your crimes
McCain colludes with Ukraine to obtain dossier to bring down DJT. Why hasn't he paid a price.
Unless you want your name to go down right along with them, its time to grow a set.
NOTHING is gonna get done under this mob-ministration and EVERYBODY knows it. This needs to end. And SOON. #LockThemAllUp
You talk big about Putin. What are you gonna do about all this?????
Hey buddy, what about sanctions against the trump administration. Theyre just as guilty. Didnt you get the email?
Concussed, you're also paranoid !!!!!!
So do something about it.
Senator McCain, you fought for our country in Vietnam. Please step up and fight for it now.Trump is Putin's Puppet- he's compromised.
You know it. Lindsey Graham knows it. Country over party before it's too late.
Fake attack!

Once Trump is found guilty of treason, as I'm sure he will be, then charge Ryan with collusion because he's aiding and abetting Trump.
A little late to the party, aren't you?
Demand DNC hand over servers 2 FBI & let's see who hacked the server. Stop all the BS! U move after coming out from a hole, Senator.
God God stop with Russia crap!!!  Unless u FINALLY want to speak up about Hillary giving away 20% of US uranium to Russia.  Then Clinton $$$
DO SOMETHING NOW!
Have long are you Republicans going to let this shit go on enough already this President is making you all a laughing stock!
Thank you Senator, nice to have a man of honor and integrity serve in the majority
GOP NEEDS TO STOP BEING COMPLICENT WITH THIS ADM..STOP SUPPORTING HIM!!
John, I know you are a patriot, it's time to step forward and challenge the traitorous activity that has taken place from Donald Jr et al.
I hope you uphold the American values you fought for. This was an attack on the US, plain and simple...it needs to be treated as such.
Don't squeal about it here Senator, you're wasting your time, talk to your boss
I dont agree with many of your policies 
nor any Republican, 
but...
If you can get Trump Impeached ...

You will go down in history a hero.
Ryan stalls everything in the house!! He's incapable of forward progress. I don't understand how he can be the Speaker and not move policy??
You and the complete GOP are behaving as if youre also compromised. Its time the GOP chose the American ppl!
Just stop !!! Who cares  Obama did it to Israel where were you ?an you are on Sorros pay role who is blackmailing you
Be the 1st #GOP with balls to stand up to Congress regarding the @realDonaldTrump family - be AMERICA's LEADER, because we don't have one!
Senator McCain look at the enemy in the house COLLISION
Can't prove they did anything.  Go get in your rocking chair old man.
Are you disturbed Senator? You are now in the party controlled by Russia. Time to step up and be a leader. The GOP is komplicit.
Maybe you (the social media director, since this is not actually John) should tell him these things. It's clear he does not truly feel this.
And then what ? You think Russia cares about sanctions? Maybe it would have hurt them 20 years ago . You are out of touch with reality
Leave the world alone and clean up your own shit hole country. The USA thinks everyone is dumb. We have computers. We know whats up.
Your one track mind is driving us crazy...oh, maybe it's your age.
And #Kushner's credentials should be revoked.
Show us the facts, Mr. McCain.
So John you're just going to sit back and wait on the 750 shoes yet to drop. Seems like trump got the bot a hero part right. U dishonorman
But u know they won't. U need leverage against the House to get them to do anything that Trump doesn't want done.
Getting your boy Trump to admit definitely that Russia attacked election would be a good starting point, yes?
Do you really want your great service to this country to be tarnished because you refuse to place country before party right now?
LOOK OUT VLAD, McCain might say he's 'troubled' again!
#GOP #treason
?
his supporters whom are confused about him whom don't know what to do!
Why would want trump want to sabotage the best friendship he had this year,especially from troubling republican whom can't agree w/ him or..
John John John stop spewing and stand up for your country. This admin needs to go to prison! #BLUTAH2018
Call for @SenMajLdr McConnell's resignation NOW. He threatened to cast as "political" any warning by Pres. Obama's of Putin's meddling.
Repubs inaction in #TrumpRussia is a slap in the face to our country and democracy, our country faulters - you all have blood on your hands!
dems inaction of #NeverHillary and Ukraine collusion agaist @realDonaldTrump during the campaign is a slap in the face to our country
You are one of the last real honest-to-God statesmen and your steady hand and love of our country stands between us& no democracy- help us
Where were you when Hillary sold out to the Russians
Any opinions on that, senator?
Nor has the Trump family paid for their now readily apparent complicity in Russian interference to install current occupant to white house.
Forget Russia Mc Cain no friend 2 Am. ppl. Raise hell & get President Trumps nominations through. Instead of waiting 4 another shoe 2 drop!
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @PressSec More Republicans should support that philosophy - put U.S. ahead of Russia - not personal gain. Keep goin' John

Come on McCain! R u kidding me? DO SOMETHING! Take care of r country!  The 1 u survived to come bak to. Why r Rep's protctng this crime fam?
Hey Julia; do you have evidence of crimes that no one else does? Why aren't you sharing with the justice department? Are you in collusion?
"Where's the BEEF?" John? Oh that's right, your party to the DeepState activities and committees have nothing yet. What's it been,over a yr?
Care to do something more than just tweet? #ImpeachTrump
Kind of makes you wonder what @realDonaldTrump has on @SpeakerRyan doesn't it?  Dump Trump.
you sucker never paid the price for losing a 2008 sure win to Barry. Just a big mouth. Always been. Boring. Retire.
And revoke Jared kushners security clearance ASAP.
Why don't YOU stand up and state the word Impeachment.
Trump's love affair with Russia is holding this up. And Tillerson's with big oil. Get it passed! . #sanctions
John impeach trump then go after entire team they are ruining our country
Not commenting on this specific issue, but isn't that what the phrase, "checks and balances" means?
What should we do with this info? It seems you have some dirty laundry Johnny boy.
The House (esp. the GOP leaders) are complicit in Trump's crimes. They will go to the wall for Trump. The deal with the Devil will doom them
sure its ok to ignore because we are only focused on getting rid of all signs of president Obama. nice work you guys! hope its working for u
i understand the remarks from @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan "we need to stay focused, ignore the russia thingy" their way of staying in power
what a joke coming from the white house. denial is good - and proves a good point on who is in charge @SpeakerRyan RUSSIA
Should really call them "Kremlin" sanctions as the innocent citizens of Russia had nothing to do with this are the ones who suffer the most.
Thank you for your courage in speaking out on our behalf. I challenge the GOP to do the same. This is OUR country. Defend Her with Pride.
John time to step up once again. You need more FaceTime! We are at War and our enemy is in the White House. Sad Day for Patriots!!!
Support Trump
Break them in Syria!!!
You're right, Sir.  They must pay a public price.
The media, Democrats and Establishment RINO's (McCain - Graham) hoping this sticks - it won't.

Which election attack are talking about.
Agreed. I fought for USA n not Russia. We must stand together on this.
Yes, why are they dragging their feet? What are they afraid of?
How about you passing Pres. Trumps nominees!!! Take care of OUR government 1st. You scream & cry about everything but you neglect our own!
More sanctions is not the way to go re Russia
Why don't you get  done such as healthcare, tax reform, etc done first, Mr. Russia, Russia, Russia?! You're a nutcase. @MeghanMcCain

@SpeakerRyan this is a disgrace for all of the U.S. Why hasn't this bill passed in the house?
