Great Question Sir... when will U support our POTUS and the rep party? We can't turn the tide with u shoveling against us!
It's the definition of privilege to watch what the GOP is doing and think it won't affect you negatively, too.
I fully support less government and lower taxes. Born in Massachusetts ... only one in my family to graduate high school or college.
But it comes with cancer, and low wages, and corporate oppression. For millions. Worth it?
Government is responsible for cancer? Gov keeps our borders and country safe and economy strong. Oppression is socialism...
And unless you pay a toll for every road you use, you live in a socialist country. Did you attend private schools?
Grew up in public housing. 1st to graduate high school -go to college. If the toll went to road repair and improvement- not always the case.
You lost your credibility. Go away
You owe @SenKamalaHarris an apology for your inexcusable rudeness towards her. You bring shame onto Arizona & yourself with this behavior.
Yes! Apparently he can't handle a strong woman that's smarter & much sharper than he EVER was! @senkamalaharris was interrupted 2x by Grumpy
He had his mommy there with scardy blankly how cute
Good speech. My son is 1 of our US Infantry Soldiers. I don't have faith though that you or anyone else in Gov will really place them first.
Claire my heart aches for u. I can't imagine ur agony knowing r VINDICTIVE @POTUS will NEVER agonize over loss of losing any1 in military
Thank you. My heart is in my mouth every day now. With this awful man in office we will see more conflict and wars. I have no doubt.
You think DJT is responsible for Iran, North Korea, ISIS, etc?Where was BHO during the past 8 years. He dealt the hand.We are safer with DJT
Bull! He has created so much chaos both here and abroad. He has alienated our allies, made friendly with terrorists and despots.  Bad 4 !
I disagree.  Your assessment of his relationship with our allies is different from mine.  They respect him where they had no respect for BHO
Wow, you live in that alternative facts universe known as Trumpworld. You really are clueless. Go on believing what you will.

The Commander in Chief can block @VoteVets, the voice of 500k military veterans and families, but we will NOT be silenced. 
Good luck with that! It's the fault of your party that it's in place.. REMEMBER?
STOP INTERRUPTING SEN HARRIS!!
I agree. Never send anyone into a lifethreatening situation without proper equipment & support. Whatever THAT takes. YOUR time/ing counts.
It isn't all about more $$$. Reorganize, cut bases, weapons systems, contractors we don't need. Use $$$ to hike salaries, training, etc.
When will you admit reality, sequestration has little impact on readiness of deployed servicemen!  You can't blame sequestration!
Go take your nap
Does that include the domestic portions of sequestration?
I keep wondering the same thing about you!  When are you going to start supporting and working with our POTUS?  Get over yourself!
Either Dims are voting you into office or there's election/voter fraud in AZ. There is no other explanation for why you're still in office.
Do your job sir and defend America again from trump..where have you gone???
Wish we could repeal partisanshipism then sequestration wouldn't be necessary. Maybe.... Big maybe.
Exactly what I want to know? When WILL you stop worrying about politics and put America first?
how much longer before you all remove @POTUS and keep our troops safe from @realDonaldTrump? #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Why don't we just stop sending out troops to useless wars
I had faith in your patriotism- although baffled by your recent behavior-until I learned your wife is getting a cabinet position. Sellout.
Like McConnells wife?  Surprise.
Difference is that I've never had faith in McConnell.  Thought more of @SenJohnMcCain
Please do something, there is a real fear that Trump will just become a dictator like Putin. Please don't let this happen to us.
Seek help, Patti!  QUICKLY!
This is a rational fear. Trump is emulating Ergodan's behaviors from 2003. Today Ergodan is fascist dictator of Turkey.
Well, I hope you and the other governing body, do what is right. You were mocked by dt but you stand with him. Do The Right Thing! Please!
No, McCain does NOT stand with Trump! He claims Obama was a better POTUS than Trump!  WAKE UP! McCain is a RINO & a TRAITOR!
Life long lib here. When you call McCain a traitor, you gotta ask if your cause is actually for America, or for something else.
LOL that is funny. "Get over politics & do our Jobs" Why don't you try what you are preaching
Now get busy preparing for keeping us safe at Home with Nuts buying guns.
How much longer will Republican Senators send wives into harms way by gaining employment with #Trump admin. #Resist #conflictofinterest
you are old and out of touch my man
Time to resign, Senator. You're not much use to America now.
Get off your high horse!! Don't forget you were hired by the American people!! Yes we pay your salary! It's about us
You need to resign! You are a Traitor!! Enjoy these last two years!! You are done
Do yours phoney!!
HOW MUCH LONGER r u going to be on defense and not show up as a man of honor? NO COLLUSION You have been told for 4 months yet u play dumb
@SpeakerRyan once you get rid of the Donald
Where were you the last 9 years, oh that's right sitting and pontificating!
John...From the look of the replies here you are now lord of the liberal flies. Enjoy circling the garbage heap you've created.
Talk to your draft dodging buddy about troops. Fool.
As long as corrupt war mongering hypocrites like you have a voice in the capital.
Speaking of jobs. How's your wife getting along with her new job? Maverick...
I agree John

The irony is laughable all u do is play politics & ur last statement obama better leadership shows how,treasonous u r. Ur gutless to respond
It's all about the Benjamins, baby!  McCain doesn't care that our country is for sale!
Good question senator, why to you enable potus who is an obvious risk to our country?
We must wait until we have a real president.
You supported sequestration. Resign. You are the government.
well I mean, maybe if you weren't such a warmonger we wouldn't keep sending them into harm's way at all.
How about just pull out our troops from places we don't need to be...old men speak young men die as always...
Work to support Trump's objective of a significant increase in military spending rather than say his budget is DOA to the media
McCain the biggest war monger saying this. What an ass he is and should resign already. McCain needs to go. Treat McCain like he does POTUS
First thing John is STOP BELIEVING the lies YOUR PEOPLE TELL YOU! There WERE no WMD's IRAQ had nothing to do with 9-11! But, BUSH DID!!
Stop sending troops to be killed. No war. Thanks.
Did you vote for it.
You pos....vote the Vets package that's on your desk!!!
A good faith way to show how to "get over politics" would be for you to let go your hate of your own party and @POTUS... hypocrite.

Time to hang it up pal.
Once again follow Pres. Trumps lead
Selling your honor and your wife... you no longer hold the respect of a hero. Shame on you.
Figured out that your non support of @POTUS is because you are worried he will keep his promises and do good for USA.
Why do we continue to send our troops to their death, year after year, for a meaningless cause in Afghanistan??
Go away McCain!!  You ran - you lost!!
When politicians like you get the gumption to fire all the Civil Service leeches in the DoD if they prove to be ineffective clock punchers !
If you pundits will quit picking on Trump you might get something done in DC. GOP needs to get behind him and stop all the witch hunts.
Do your job and protect our Healthcare!  Do your job and protect our country from DJT/Russia!  Do your job! People first! Party last!
Get over politics?  How about you doing the same?  Anymore fake dossiers?
Once again.. GET RID OF POTUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If only, btw, one of the reasons Trump elected.  We were tired of all of you doing nothing and getting paid for it.  We still are.
D troops has been doing good job with what dey got through yrs of sequestration Just shows that d extra is not needed #LivingWithinOurMeans
How long will you stand with the left?
Please try to convince fellow Republicans that Trump is mentally incompetent and must be removed from office before he destroys America!
Please!  Senator McCain.  We have a mentally ill person in the White House, and he is getting sicker by the day.  He must be removed NOW!
How long till you change parties?
Amen brother. Now ur talking sense not babbling.
Be as adamant about Congressional Tenure. Make it your last great challenge to set term limits...the AZ voters
U need to keep your wife out of politics so you can remain objective! We are counting on Senators like you to save us!
The people of AZ want affordable comprehensive healthcare.Act in OUR best interest. Stop hiding behind these other issues. #HealthCareForAll
And repeal Trump
U  need 2 IMPEACH R VINDICTIVE @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   He is instigating a war over Qatar bc of his failure 2 get funding 4 HIS business!
Say that looking in the mirror.  Do your job and get that man out of the White House, he's going to start WWIII
You are the military industrial complex McCain You want these wars to go on forever, including another cold war with the Russians
B a man,get over Trump hero comment. Support our president. Do your job. U r my senator & I'm embarrassed to say so. Maybe time to retire.
Agreed and doing ur job also means not allowing this President to make a mockery of our democracy.
You put it in place over racism against Obama. When will you people do your job?
?
And you work to take healthcare from vets and their families, stuffing your own pockets while US burns. Congrats on wife's job at state dept
Unless you start ACTING to fix our problems we won't have a country to defend after the Russians take over.
Please push the reset button
I don't know. You're part of the problem. Do your job and fix it. After over 20 years your hands are not clean.
Getting over politics and doing your job could begin with you, my friend.  You are an American hero. Stop resisting and help MAGA....please!
And you should retire!! I have been a long time Republican, but people like you are turning me away..
Are you being serious?  Or jockeying for a family member to get a job?
Well McShame, wouldn't it be better to NOT SEND OUR TROOPS INTO HARMS WAY due to the whims of a madman????
How many more times will you betray the Republic so your wife can get a job in the administration?  Shame.
Why did i just read that someone in your family is working for this administration?
Does this allow for ramming the "secret" Healthcare  Bill down American throats.
How much Longer will you make this excuse? Tell the military to stop wasting money.
You had more credibility before your wife got a Trump job.
Hero to obstructionist. Trump has been an ass w comments...U however r hurting the country in exchange for personal attention @MeghanMcCain
Wish you would stay focused on the Russian investigation, the corruption in this administration, and stand up against the lies from POTUS.
Why did the senate put such a cowardly option on the table in the first place?  Oh yeah, no leadership.
How much longer will we have to keep putting up with your lies and deception
No one is listening to you anymore
How do we spend Trillions on wars and say we don't have money for Disabled Veterans to receive concurrent receipt. Why do I pay 2/3 of VA$
You liked the world under Obama so much....why change? Maybe you can deliver the next pallets of cash personally?
)
And YOU, Senator, MUST retire! We've had enough of you! And NO, Barry Soetoro did NOT govern better than Trump!
And you continue to dance around the fact that russia has attacked our elections. Shameful.
No it hasnt. Get over it Killary lost
Saudi Arabia? Explain yourself
We MUST repeat your President.  Why aren't you doing your job
“He’s not a war hero. He’s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren’t captured, OK? I hate to tell you.”
Sir, a dictator is making progress every day seizing power in US and undermining our Constitution. Shouldn't our reps do something?
Here's a better thought. Let's repeal the defense department and get out of the war business.
Thank you Senator.  Country is clearly before Party in your statements.
Statements, yeah. Votes, not so much.
If there was a case for termlimits-itsyou -how can u be wrong everytime?
I see you not babbling, about time you spoke sense.
We also need a major overhaul of the Defense budget.
There's tons of waste there too.
Sequestration isn't an answer.
Governing is.
Insane McCain forever the war pig
How about lets not send our troops into harms way so often? Isn't that what Trump campaigned on, now that you're shilling for him?
That's exactly what I was going to say!
As long as you have trump in office. Do something!  Or, is your wives new job a pay-off?
Puh!
How much longer will we allow tired, potentially senile old men dictate policy for this great nation?
not until we stop electing them for President. Impeach Trump first.
We spend 2.75x the nearest country. Never enough for you John.
How can you continue to pretend that the Intervention Wars are for our safety, while US sells 100s of $Billions in weapons to extremists?
How about politicians like yourself getting out of the way and let the military run a campaign to win. Stop politicking with our military!
Where have you been last 8 years. We have not nor will the rest of America not hold you accountable.  Playing politics over lives. You sir
Your party owns House and Senate, Senator.
No, it's time to get out of global wars. Time to end the business of bombs. Genocide of the poor by the poor for the rich. Wars are terror!
Exactly & NOW!
Yes, repeal sequestration, but not just because of military!
Your wife getting a State position Don't let her go there Senator
Retire already OR join the Democrats where you belong ha ha ha.
Oh, yes! Come over Senator, we have donuts!
@Emirati_Sheikha Hes a perfect example for decreasing term limits.
WHY are we sending our young people into war zones we cannot win? We don't belong in Iraq & Afganistan - read your history!
We need Medicare for All . Proposed by Bernie.
Yes, because Socialism is SO great! We don't need toilet paper or food, but hey, free medical care for all!  You nitwit!
Pot calling kettle black
Camp Keating, Kamdesh Afghanistan was over run. No support. 
Fob Monti, taken by Taliban, No support. 
Hill 2610, we were left without help
When air & ground support takes hours for troops on the ground to receive there is a problem.
Excellent question John. What have you done but roam the world giving interview stating Obama is better than Trump.
Your Pet Project the F-35 has been completely grounded due to affixiation. And you have not come out with a statement about it. Why not?
Not true. Only 1/3rd of the fleet a Luke AFB. Rest of the fleet at other bases are flying.
I was speaking about the F-35 not the whole Fleet. If Luke Pilots are coming back with issues it's only a matter of time for others 2 follow

Why missing those kick back checks for buying over priced non functional equipment
When will you do what is morally right?
You need to resign need to retire your old incoherent incoherent babbling babbling
You were the one saying Russia is such a serious threat.
LOL!!!
Work with #Trump already sir.
Senator, please stand up to Trump! Are there no patriots left in the Senate?
