John, John, John.
When are you all going to send a strong message to the guy sitting in the Oval Office?
His voting NO on skinny bill sent a message.
No, he sent a strong message to my family, it was "I have insurance but your family can't afford it because you are not poor enough... yet".
And since you are not poor enough & cannot afford $1600 per month, I will give you a nice tax penalty to help you be more poor so you can!
7 years of doctor bills going on a credit card... guess what? I am not able to pay it back... so credit score gone as well. Thanks neocons.
Be aware that we will only tolerate so many attacks on our democracy from fake Republicans as well. Midterms have consequences. Scumbag.
Hey John, how did you enjoy the cancer treatment at the VA? Oh, wait you don't pay for the amazing health insurance you have do you?
@realDonaldTrump  may be a chooch, but he was  elected by the electoral college under the rules of the Constitution of our great republic.
I don't recall say he was.
Lemme tell ya what me-thinks of the electoral college and trump:
#GotsTaGao!
If there's no electoral college, there'd be no gerrymandering. Solves the Repugnants from that avenue of rigging elections.
If there is no electoral college Politicians will campaign in NYC, LA, Chicago, Miami and the rest of the country will be ignored
You ever been to a campaign rally?
I never been and i never want to go!
I get all the campaign on TV, Practically inundated on it day&night.
McCain gets brain cancer, doesn't use the VA hospital. Worse hospital in America is in Arizona, cares more about Russia.
You're a pathetic shadow of your former self. Please accelerate your aging and disabuse the country of your pathetic mess of a soul.
Wow. Kev. I would love to see how you respond to months of torture. No really. Your post really makes me want to see that.
Where exactly did I criticize his service? Do a search, I have only this week said I value his service. That doesn't excuse all else.
The fact that he made a choice for America's future bothers you? What a sad person you are. You believe in the good of insurance companies?
I believe in us looking at Germany and carbon copying their system to a T. 7.5% of the employees earnings+contributions from the employer.
And McCain specifically doesn't want that. He doesn't care about single payer, universal or any other healthcare that costs insurance firms.
1/6 of the economy is healthcare, guess what? In Germany it's a fraction of that because they drove efficiency's.
Doctors don't get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, they get a great salary and that's it. Only the US makes docs millionaires
Great!
Then go investigate Comrade Clinton! Obama, Podesta, Clinton Foundation...oops, you rec'vd deposits from foreign countries too, Pay-to-Play?
Sir, Capitan John McCain: You are the live example of integrity, honor and statue. You are the Maverick of the American Justice and truth.
And what about Ukraine's interference in your democracy ... Will there be sanctions, Mr. McCain?
Why do you apply double standards in your policy, Mr. McCain?
The USA MUST WORK W/RUSSIA.  Left up to you?  It'd be WWIII that USA starts against Russia.  Sad after all UR years 2 go down this way, man.
Please go away John McCain.
Send that message by taking healthcare away from sick people

Why don't you change your party affiliation to DemocRAT????
Leadership we can be proud of: John McCain!
Thank you John praying for you#healing
How about a message to our own politicians NO attacks on foreign democracies or is it OK when we do it?
Bomb bomb bomb John. The man who loves the death of innocent civilians. How many more lives will you take before you are gone next month?
If Russia intervention is loudly recognized, why the insider protagonists still in advisor, privileged positions? #realUSA
I wish U comfort, happiness, &health. I also wish U would lead GOP efforts to remove this incompetent POTUS from office. Please help.
Meanwhile the GOP enables trump
Get on with the investigation of Trump then you two faced inept representative.
Then send that damn message Sir and start with saving the lives of millions by voting no against this healthcare bill!
What kind of message did you send to the people in Az when you voted no tonight to reduce the cost to the people in your state for insurance
Dear Mr McCain, I'm not a a Democrat or Republican. I made up my own party called the (APP) American people party. I named you president.
All you're doing is pissing off our European allies who do work with Russia.
Right on, Senator McCain. And another aggressor, obviously, is our own president.
SEN JOHN Mc CAIN HELP OUR COUNTRY TO FIGTH VLADIMIR PUTIN AND HIS LOW IQ AGENT donald trump AND CRONIES, HELP US TO KEEP AMERICA FREE.-
Whoa this guy really is a dunce. I met him at a house/senate luncheon. Holy cow - creepy as hell. He really is the epitome of a stuffed suit
Please do the right thing and do not vote for this horrible bill! Please! You will do the right thing! You are a hero/Vote No!
Is this winning?

Please be the hero I know you are!
Thank you Mr McCain!
Great speech. To the naysayers who commented, healthcare is a separate issue. Ditto Trump. Going after Putin doesn't exclude other actions.
You sent a strong message SIDING with the DIMMS on non health care! YOU should be under OCARE instead of being EXEMPT!
Obama told him to "cut it out" remember?
Stop hiding your protectionism with that unsubstantiated nonsense
I am sending a strong message to you- go home to your family and get some rest
The voters must send a strong message, recalling all scumbags stymying the Trump agenda.
Be that guy, @SenJohnMcCain b/c your @GOP family is selling out  our #democracy 
Time to call it what it is! Trump is Playing Congress! 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#TrumpTreason 
#DoYourJob 
#ImpeachTrump 
#Impeach45 
#Now
John Mccain is a Neo Con of course he sides with Hillary and the gang. Hes part of the very swamp they reside in. Surprising the cancer hasnt taken him out yet. Suspicious if he even has it or if government is hiding cure from public.
Mr.  McCain, how is trump president of Russia hacked into our democracy to vote our WE THE PEOPLE'S will? Does this not make his presidency
Rotten soul, your days are almost over.
Left to you and CIA and Obama, Ukraine would have been sliced, diced and  divided, raped and robbed! Thank God not Crimea! Thanks to Russia
Hear Hear
Just like you told Obama when he interfered with Israel's election. Not
You are the best! Senator, I love you! Keep it up, guy!
If @realDonaldTrump @POTUS doesn't sign the #RussiaSanctions he is a #Communist Sympathizer #RussiaGate #TrumpLovesPutin
http://raymcgovern.com/2017/08/05/the-game-of-hacks-unmasking-guccifer-2-0/ …
Please also consider DOMESTIC attacks on our Democracy!  https://twitter.com/RogerJStoneJr/status/890621599359000576 …
Wow Roger Stone is going off the rails they must have some good dirt on him
He should have been imprisoned the first time around!
You will go down in history as the worst DEMOCRAT ever. You could have changed history for the better. But you CHOOSE to vote AGAINST US!
Are you going to pay everyone's fines when they don't have Obamacare?? You are nothing but a liar & a hack! Get OUT of the @GOP party.
Show some respect to Senator McCain.  He is an American hero, served his country (unlike your POS draft-dodger Trump) and did the RIGHT

Let's send a strong message to @realDonaldTrump that we won't tolerate his despicable behavior.
Pay attention fool.     Obama was the biggest traitor in history.  
Were you speaking to me or John McCain?
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
You're a traitor.
John needs to solicit opinions from others about current problems. Stuck in the Cold War period. And too old to get it now.
Yes! Also, You cannot trust the Skinny Repeal. Please save us and vote no.
The only message you sent is the swamp can back #FakeNews but not america #maga  #Politicon2017
Tell your President that!
*our
Here here
Don't vote for a bill you don't believe in. How bout that? #trumpcare
If we don't fix our system anybody will hack us. Concentrate on what was wrong and what to do to fix it
We must send a strong message that we do not support senators working with foreign agents to dig up false political dirt on candidates...
Thank you for not voting against Obamacare!!!
So far, Russia not guilty of anything but a rooting interest just like we
always have.
What about the aggressor in the White House? Trump & administration are the biggest threat to our democracy.
Trumps cell should be waiting, no gold anything for the demented, lying, narcissist!
Thank you!
Thank you John McCain for being an amazing human being. I appreciate your service to our country.  Your efforts are greatly appreciated.
You are the attach on democracy, no one else.
Одужання Вам !  Дякую за підтримку Украі'ни .
And your party is sending a strong message to the people that you don't want them to have health-care.
Mad respect to you my friend @SenJohnMcCain. Thank you for your service.
Putin is no danger. The DEMONcRATs are.
Are u shaking hands with Isis again wtf are u doing now
We need to arrest @georgesoros and those of you who are on his payroll!!!   You're a disgrace.
I hope your colleagues continue to send a string message ti Trump.
You tolerate it daily by keeping @realDonaldTrump at the helm of an office he's grossly unqualified for
But if you vote for the skinny repeal you will be attacking democracy. Do what is right.
If John McCain votes no this would be a slap to the @realDonaldTrump he #deserves our support. We will see
Nothingburger mccain trying to sell one last war
@wikileaks Published a huge dossier on McCain collected by the democrats. Decades worth of materials. They thought he was a Soviet spy.
Well you wont have to worry much longer huh Songbird?? Get your casket shopping done.QUICKLY.
@lanihirsch and what should we do about all of you liars trying to kill the American people? You're all deplorables 
Clearly, interfering with a sovereign nations free and fair election system is a behavior far beyond appalling 
Как же ты всем надоел своим нытьем!!
Why don't you send a strong message & tell me our Millionaire GOP PALS, to pass HealthCate to all Americans! After all we pay for yours!
An attack on healthcare IS an attack on our democracy.
You dont remember or werent born yet when ins was cheap in the free market..i was.

And you'll find a another couple trillion to fight another war, but hell no on unaffordable health care for US citizens. 

Follow the .
Thank you for your vote tonight!!!
That is the number one thing about my party everybody has to work together. Republican Democrat everybody to get the job done.
What about the attack on our healthcare you're facilitating? #SaveACA #TrumpcareKills
Thank you for your vote last night.
DISGRACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump supporters still think the russia story is fake news!  LMAO
I think the Russian story involving Hillary and the uranium deal is quite real. $$$
WTF are u talking about, really...YOU (US) r the aggressor, 100 fuckin % of the times! Stick american exceptionalism where sun dsn' t shine
what happened liar?
You're a stupid man.  You promised to repeal Obamacare, but all you care about is Russia.  You lied to the American people John McCain.
By the way,  Lindsay Graham talks shit!
Love u..
Well. We WILL  not must. Don't let Trump bully u. _FIGHT for our country. We need to get loony toons out. SOON 
Sos! #STOPTRUMPSTWEETS
& you should send a strong message to the American people that you care more about their welfare than a Trump win. Vote no on skinny repeal
The strongest message u can send Putin is removing his puppet from office!
Yes, but you are in the wrong party. Look back to the 60s & the platforms. The GOP doesn't remotely resemble what it was & why I left.
@realDonaldTrump take notes.

@SenJohnMcCain is the man to listen to when dealing with the Kremlin.
Bullshit.    He's a Soros puppet!
Soros...the new favorite antisemitic blame all replacing the Rothschilds, which all comes from "The Elders of Zion."
There's that old-time antisemitism! 
Rehashing of "The Elders of Zion" antisemitic propaganda just keeps taking new forms each generation.
Yes, I can...because your antisemitic delusions are just that on top being old rehashed versions of Russian and Nazi antisemitism.
I'm proud today. Thank you
Me McCain, stand for America. Make sure the imbecile in office doesn't stand for Russia.
We, a we
You should have been our president.
You pubs are sending a strong message to Americans, YOU DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT US.
Our democracy is under attack by Trump. The USA is wilting from within. We are counting on Congress to save her.
you're just gonna vote yes on this awful health care repeal and keep barking at nothing aren't you? be the hero you once were
The USA must send you away !! Your a career special interest slave and have screwed the working class for decades ! Your pathetic
Aren't you the guy who fabricated the dossier lies? 
Where is your evidence? 
Why should we believe you? 
Do you think we're that stupid?
What happens if he won't sign?
YOU TREASONOUS SOB! YOU ARE THE AGGRESSOR! YOU MURDERED MILLIONS IN THE MIDDLE EAST! HELL AWAITS!
Thank you, thank you, thank you
Maybe send a strong message to the aggressor in the WH who attacks our democracy every day. You have the ability to stop this madness.
"We will not tolerate attacks on our democracy..." except if they're in the form of @GOP gerrymandering and voter suppression, right, John?
America must send a strong message to you and your kind. #Lying #FakeassTraitors
Can you please tell this to Trump too?
Yes republican patriots get rid of his puppet in the WH. We taxpayers don't want him there!
SOS! #STOPTRUMPSTWEETS
Meanwhile you twit, this country suffers under the weight of Obamacare taxes and doubled premiums and you and Grahamnisty sit on your hands.
The carrier pigeon sits in the Oval Office.
The Seeing Past Hands Syndrome or McCain’s Dementia -
What about attacks on our citizens and their ability to afford basic health services? Shame on you for your lack of empathy.
... Likely to stop supporting him.  That would affect his chances to be re-elected, and since Trump is the most important thing to Trump...
Trump must be in a pickle with buddy, Putin.
Thank you!  You put those to shame who refuse to work together for the good of our country.  I'm shocked at @SenRandPauI @SenSanders.
Omg @SenJohnMcCain I honor you, PLEASE GET SOME REST! We need you to last longer, please get some REST. #McCain #Hero #dementedTrump #Trump
You were the one paying/arming terrorists. I think we should be more concerned about how evil u r than Putin.
Too many people know the truth thanks to social media and the BS Russia story is just making you look like a warmongering nincompoop!
You were a part of the fake "Steele Dossier" used by Fusion GPS and the Dims to falsely discredit the President.  Why should u be believed?
Thank you Senator. You are a true hero and l love you
Good God!  Give that Bullsh*t a rest already!
I'm embarrassed to say I voted for that DEMOCRAT McCain. Just like he bailed out @senchuckschumer I now believe he took the fall for Obama!
So that's why @ JohnMcCain I name you the new president of the American people party(APP)
Incompetent RINO!  Thanks for screwing the entire country.  Traitor
Palin would have been worse than Trump as president and you put her in the position of succession. Redeem yourself now and end Trump!
Thank you for what you are doing for all Americans, please make sure to rest sir. We need you to continue bringing together the parties.
Hes awesome!!
Mad dog McCain on another idiotic rant
Keep those weapons rolling out for the fight, right?
But they must do it without health care
you want to send a message maverick? Get rid of Putin's puppet @realDonaldTrump , otherwise quit blowing smoke, all talk.
Please tell us what those attacks are?! You sound like CNN and are giving credence to a "NOTHING BURGER!" how about protecting our president
Proud of you on health care! Now go home and kick cancers ass
ты редкостный долбоеб
Thank you .@SenJohnMcCain
Republic
Thank you, sir, and thank you for your vote last night. Unlike many of your fellow GOP members, I've always seen you as a man with integrity
I wont ever believe that hoex
Bravo! Get well soon, Senator! Respects!
You sent a message to America that you hate us. You are no better than Putin. Same ego.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Sen. McCain you are a true Patriot! Thank you for your service and thank you for saving the lives of millions who would have lost healthcare
You are politics as usual. #swamp In 2015 u voted for full repeal when it was clear @potus would veto. Insurance lobby puppet #termlimits
There are alot if people tired of watching you rant about Russia and your strong message speech
