How much do fossil fuel interests contribute to you? Just asking
The thermally tainted saltier heavier waters flow under the lighter colder Arctic/ Antarctic surface waters neutralizing vital conduction.
Dumb. Good for the oligarchs, bad for US.
Where do you stand on this, with Trump or almost every credible scientific study released in the last 20 years?
Good read John but what about the environment?   Shouldn’t there be a sustainable balance?
P.R. and huge parts of CA are now wastelands, yet "government" wants to abandon clean air standards that would help limit global warming?
This is a terrible mistake! What can we as the public do to stop it?
Write to the senators who oppose science and get rid of Pruitt.
Support both John!!!
But first you'll actually need to know and understand what it is that your dealing with. Reach out, and I'll clue you in.
NOAA records clearly show the tainted Atlantic flowing under the colder Arctic surface waters, which neutralizes healthy conduction values.
The fragile downwards conduction value in the colder regions is the key stabilizing factor for the planetary ice/ancient snow pack. Cont...
I keep thinking of “The Jungle” that Trump Regime wants to drag US back is inhuman and evil
This IS NOT what We The People want or need. We NEED @CleanUpEPA , not more pollution... smh

Remember when dem senators attacked Obama?
Me either.
Bob Corker-John McCain have betrayed their voters & disgrace America.
…
On the contrary, they up to lies, threats, insults, and an incompetent president leading our country down a war path.
LMAO! The US has been in a perpetual war since Bush. Obama told Trump he'd have to deal with NK. What lies has Trump said?
When u learn to distinguis between lies and truth, you will know the difference.
Desert and ocean based solar might provide cooling. But large aquatic compensation measures need to be taken. Venting, cold-spotting, etc...
Mankind must address it's massive direct aquatic thermal contribution from sewers, nuclear reactors, large vessels, aquatic weapons testing
Ice melts 12 times faster when the presence of a downwards conduction value is neutralized, without changing surface water temps at all.
When you pay your electric bill it doesn't include the cost of your daughters trip to ER for asthma, coals hidden cost.
Must-read: The real John McCain = phony.
I guess even a contrarian octarian can screw up and be right occasionally. RETIRE Brutus.
You can burn fossil fuels, if you remove thermal waste form oceans, & compensating for mans thermal contribution & lost cooling potentia.l
The aquatic thermal accumulation is carried into the colder regions by way of the normal ocean currents. Cont...
What a big mistake!
Why is Trump doing all these destructive things? Can't someone in Congress stop him? I dread reading the news EVERY DAY.
That's great that it's an economic boost, but what does it do to the fucking environment?
I disagree with you on this.  Without rules, companies run rampant and our environment will suffer.  We need to encourage clean energy.
You are so wrong on this. It is sad you can’t see it
True CO2's not the sole factor linked to climate change. Man's direct aquatic thermal contribution is an equally responsible contrib factor.
Guess you’re still a little conservative. Thanks for nothing on obummercare repeal though. Dems will never compromise. You got played.
Jobs in renewable energy are the best blue collar jobs avail. Jobs in fossil fuel are jobs in declining industry
Wow John, how can you be so blind to what's happening around you.  Stop pandering to your corp cronies, renewable energy industry=JOBS
When oceans lose cooling potential, the warming potential wins out increasing temps. And the fragile thermal balance is lost.
I hope you don't think this global warming is fake news like the Vietnam draft dodger?? Arizona/US can't be ruined by the trump ignorance.
Sir, how is dismantling protections for clean, air, and water good for everyday citizens? It seems only good for the powerplants.
Especially when China is no longer importing coal for its energy needs. Jobs that won't last, as there is no International Market for it.
You are absolutely on the wrong side of history when it comes to fossil fuels. Your heirs to this dead earth will hate you.
Pruitt shld never have been approved. He stated his views on climate change frm the beginning. A science denyer. What a problem we have
Dirty air and global warming only benefits the fossil fuel industry. This roll back hurts ordinary  Americans.
If you trust Pruitt’s or Gina McCarthy’s motives when it comes to fossil fuels; you just don’t understand the mood of our country!
How can dismantling the Clean Power Plan & subsequently impacting The Clean Air Act be a good thing? Breathing clean air should be priority
Who needs to breathe anyways? I survived stage 4 cancer and would like to have everyone else stay healthy? How about doing the right thing?
won't matter if your pack doesn't stop Top Dog's wrecking ball to democracy world peace environment women's rights cyberbullying race
Asthma, lung cancer, etc.:
the benefits of dirty power
Terrible!  The GOP should not be the party of the 19th century.
Let's talk about the racist in the oval office who spends his time undoing laws and regulations because they were introduced by a black man.
You are our King  Mr McCain.  We honor you and are greatful for your service to our great Nation
How do you personally stand on clean air?
Killing fossil fuels is not a bad thing.
Too bad P's decision ignores environment, health, & global warming. Dirty energy can make big, unregulated profits. JMac, you've sold out.
Please get rid of Pruitt.  He is an enemy of the people.  How much $$$ are the Koch Bros paying him to destroy our lives?
Please @SenJohnMcCain answer this.
Scott Pruitt is a scumbag that's putting the interest of dying industries ahead of what's best for our country and its people. He'll fail.
A must read because you support the conclusions or is it a must read as a warning of the threat to our future? Are you not "the" NatSec guy?
Great so the choice is fissil fuel pollution or nuclear melt down hmmm. I think we can do better with wind sun and water thank you

Power plant owners everywhere rejoice!!! To our grandchildren on the other hand good luck!!!
You and WSJ go back a ways, promoting neocon inspired wars that have been disastrous and have made US the enemy of devout Muslims everywhere
McGimmick so glad Pres Trump never apologizes to u ..most anything u r for an Niggler OBAMA supported never good 4 USA unless ur a leftist
Wrong clean air is vital to life itself!!!
Congress must rein in Pruitt before humanity suffers the tragic consequences!
Senator, why is this a good thing for America going forward. For every deregulation, there's a reason why it was originally regulated!
Please help us John.
Stop Trump and GOP from killing the earth!!! Fire them now!!!
One step forward and two steps back @SenJohnMcCain.   Shame on you.
PM heard saying after Trump brief from CSIS. The world would stop if they knew how much of his finances were connected to organized crime.
You have one job, John: convince a House colleague to impeach Trump/Pence. Stay focused. The world depends on it.
Yes, please Senator McCain:
#TuesdayThoughts

It's time...
For all good men and women…
John  please help the planet.   What does the GOP really believe when the citizens United isn't looking.   Help us please
The real money is in alternative energy now, the culture is changing! Dinosaurs prefer fossil fuels.
Big mistake!
With all the weather disasters, are the Republicans out of touch with reality & science, or just hell bent on undoing everything Obama?!
senator I hope you disagree with this move when we see all of the climate devastation throughout United States Puerto Rico !
What are you doing supporting ridiculous attempt to revitalize coal?Why send humans into mines?why allow dirty air?don't you breathe roo
Trump & disciples breaking will of people! Besides hustling to make daily living, many are in despair due to what @WhiteHouse throws at us!
I guess we can breathe easier now...not
Retirement
Maybe Obama admin had to do this "power grab" since anti-science Repubs in Congress continue to do nothing about climate change.
Why don’t the GOP reopen all the Blockbuster Video stores at the same time as they destroy the environment?
As the massive clean up goes on for 3 major hurricanes and wildfires explode across California.
I am working in WY right now, sir. Natural gas is the cleaner more efficient threat right now. The coal will be there for later.

Renewable energy is the next technological revolution..just like green, industrial & IT revolutions. Those left behind will have to catch up

Death by pollutants is still death
I still love you, but geez. Pro coal?
As always it is about profit before people
Go to the comments and see how insidious it is to think of future generations and God forbid we put global interests before profit.
Does the US not want to lead on anything anymore?
Bad news for children and families who need clean air and water.
It's time for impeachment.
Every environmental regulation is met with "it will kill the economy." None of them ever do. Meanwhile, carbon is killing the stable climate
Sad that you are still a GOP shill. The fastest growing job in the energy sector is in renewable energy. Why not continue to invest there?
This is irresponsible of the administration to allow these reforms and go back in protecting the people and planet.
The biggest contribution to the future lies in the hearts and minds of those young adults who will inherit the mantle of leadership...
Pruitt is a danger to us all.
One Vote RINO Johnie.  Here u go again. Step down
Your grandchildren will suffer in the name of quick profits. Is this really the type of planet you want to leave them
Halting Obama's attempt to kill fossil fuels, so fossil fuels can regain status as trying to kill Americans. Make America Gag Again.
You have the power and the influence and the respect-Stand up against this administration! Make it your legacy. We beg you. Help save the 
How did Scott Pruitt ever get this job?  He is just a #POTUS  puppet
Renewable energy is the future and creating 3X as many jobs as coal.  CA economy is thriving despite tough environmental regs.  WSJ LIES.
Bad for the economy, bad for the people, bad for the planet.  Coal is dying a slow death on its own.  Get with the future Senator.
What is more important
I live three miles from a power plant.. have a child with heart defect and seizures. How is this good for my kids!?!?
And WHY is this a good idea ?  More pollution which was why the regulations were put in.  Do we want to go back to smog alerts ?
Retire just go retire
R U 4 or Against this?
yes. please clarify your thoughts. and did you vote to confirm this man?
What against that to
STOP HIM!!!!!!!!!! DON'T LET THE SW BECOME LIKE THE EAST!!!!!!!!!!!
Are you recommending this must-read to gauge how you should proceed?  Or are you going to try & stop Pruitt cuz it's the right thing to do?
It's all about undoing everything that Obama did. That's all that matters to this administration.
Please @SenJohnMcCain don't  stay in that camp.
But what are you and @GOP gonna die about it?
I remember practically chewing the air in LA. It's been lovely not having regular asthma attacks. Guess I should prepare for new normal.
What utter Rupert Murdoch directef, fossil fuel corrupted, bullshit. Is this dangerous, foul ignorance what @WSJ has descended to?
Do something instead of tweets
what would you like us to take away from this senator?
The #GOP screams regulatory over reach unless or until #GOP wants something then the #GOP calls it good government. Dat dog don’t hunt.
We love polluted air and dirty water. And we enjoy killing our children. There!
Pruitt makes me as angry as 45...how can their racist hate for one man make them want to destroy this country so badly??
Sir, do you think this is a good idea?
This is a crime against the feature. Please science never lies on fossils
We need more dirty water and air! #MAGA
it's short sighted and dismisses externalises relating to fossil fuel production.  the US had a chance to lead the world.
So you support this Sir?
So do you agree with removing restrictions or want them to stay in place?  Do you feel the we do not need protections for our environment?
Help us. Please.
Stop them, please!
I the GOP is all about the $. But are they so dence not to realize this is going to cost way more then make?

Being conservative doesn't mean being anti-science or anti-modern technology.
That $33 billion doesn’t even come close to the real cost to this country from the impact of burning coal. Think of the next generation
Most energy subsidies go not to renewables but to producing more of the dirty stuff. https://www.vox.com/energy-and-environment/2017/10/6/16428458/us-energy-subsidies … … Picking winners indeed!
What are your thoughts @SenJohnMcCain
Flood their fax machines. Text RESIST TO 50409 and it will let you know what to do next.Come on AMERICAN, tell them what you think of this.
What does the #economy matter if the #earth is fucked!
Our country has been taken over by crooks, fascists and ignorants, leaded by an emotionally-unstable, hate-filled, ignorant man.
Fossil fuels are proven to be destroyers of our environment. Why wouldn't we make efforts to curb their use in favor of clean power?
How does someone in charge of the EPA do nothing to protect the environment
#SupportKurdistan
Pruitt Power Break Plan is out of date and incompetent. The world is going green; we should be leading
John- Must Read: Time to Retire!
Senator, respectfully how can u simply ignore the grotesque pollution of coal plants on our children & grandchildren?
A Senator who gets all his info from the media.
Interesting.  But given the carbon load in the atmosphere & oceans, mankind needs to exploit renewable energy sources if it is to survive!
And may I add 
at a faster pace
With all due respect sir we learn from our past and need 2 move forward 2 promote better health & environment. Jobs can be created there
I hope this is something you disagree with. We can't be shortsighted. Let's do our part to protect our environment and ourselves.
A CLEAR example of CORRUPTION. Just one item on Pruitt's agenda to benefit his ultra wealthy friends. A SHAME!
The GOP is the party of the stupid
You for or against Senator?
Clean power sir. Wind and solar.  Shouldn't we want to leave this planet to our children and grandchildren better than we found it?
enjoy those beautiful clear Arizona skies sir. They will be a thing of the past under these new rules.
Would have been much better if Republican legislators could have ignored the black skin long enough to collaborate on updated legislation.
I'd rather we err on the side of the environment and anything this buffoonish Admin is doing needs to be heavily questioned for corruption.
This is NOT a "must-read" for anyone who cares about this planet and our future. More about sheer idiocy of the current administration.
So you think clean power was a bad idea? Senator, I am disappointed.
To me this sounds like another gift to the  Wall Street leaches while we struggle to breath.
Let's see which GOP invest in fossil fuels or get donations from industry.
I guess if you're older, who cares that your kids & grandkids are screwed?  Boost that economy for rich people some more!
Resign please
I've read the article. Now @SenJohnMcCain, what is your stance on this? I, personally, want Clean Air.
If you’re just going to tweet and not do anything you’re part of the problem Senator.
Money, money, money! It's appalling how Conservatives don't feel any scientific or moral obligation to address the threats of climate change
Or the impact all this has on our health!
Our health is the last thing they think about. As far as they're concerned, we can all die tomorrow - they wouldn't care.
Right. They can't cash in on our insurance policies smh
So sad for our country!
This makes me want to cry – these guys must be stopped from ripping apart our country. Is this about trumps session with Obama?
Yeehaw! a victory for dirty air, asthma and jobs that are akin to being a stage coach driver in the 21st century!
Senator I respect you because I think you are a good person(unlike Trump) but I disagree with you on this.
Actually the article gives some perspective. We need to get back to debate and legislation to make more lasting changes and preserve our gov
There is some ocean front property in AZ. Please Sen. McCain check in on that too.  Should keep you busy & out of sight.
