I just hope the money goes to things our soldiers need (rifles,ammo,boots,evac helis)and not simply handed over to weapons manufacturers.
They do not need more money!!  Healthcare needs money. Education needs money. Military already has most of the money
Absolutely! We can afford it all! I meant to draw attention to who gets the money rather than support an increase in militaryspending per se
For a sick child?  Pretend you are not rich for a minute. Would you be satisfied with no insurance?  You need to be renewing CHIP.
This bill has the worst of everything. People will die. Children, people with cancer, people will be bankrupted, lives destroyed. No, please
PLEASE. PLEASE PLEASE. Vote against Graham/Cassidy HC bill. I know LG is best friend but this bill is our worst enemy. 
Continue courage!
Let Obama Care come crashing down, get the government out of our lives
And you put their future at risk by not repealing Obamacare.
Now invest that much in our health care!!!!
McCain is a traitor to the American people. If he doesn't  like this repeal and replace, come up with a better one. Help jus poor people out
Also, if you need healthcare, get a job that provides it, or enough money to pay for it. Capitalism doesn't provide free anything Pay for it
Help those of us who will lose Medicare, disability, no matter what Trump says, pre existing not guaranteed. 
Counting on u 2 b our champion
1)Sir, let's b honest here. We spend more on military than any1 in the world. It doesn't go 2 our soldiers tho. How abt we put more in2
2)the health & well being of the USA? Maybe spend a bit on securing the elections & finding out whether we have a legit POTUS or not. How
3)abt putting a bit in2 subsidies/financing 4 small private businesses? Securing medical care 4 ppl? Infrastructure? Make sure water is safe
4)2 drink? How abt spending on educating our future workforce? Why can't we have more agriculture & less concrete? Why dowe spend on 4profit
5)military/security instead of our top notch military personnel? We have enough weapons! We need safe food! We need safe water! We need so
6)much more than increased military spending! Cut the Executive office spending ASAP! The USA has spent enough on war!
Cathie, well said but we with trump pulling us in2 WWlll we need a stronger military. If their budget is bulging, use the money 4 strengthen
1)we already outspend every other country in the world on military. However, it doesn't go2 our troops or their well-being. It goes2 4profit
I agree with interview, but need help on healthcare, I have to believe that someone in Washington will for help the sick and dying!
We must be able to to continue without fear of lose of coverage! We must to able to fight the diseases we have through ACA!
Fix the ACA, let me continue to fight the cancer I have without the fear of losing my coverage. My one medication is 13,000 a month!
Prayers to you my friend!! TOGEATHER strong!!!
You never stood up for the military you must be worrying about your future
Please repeal and replace Obamacare, do the right thing for the prople . Get right eith Jesus. Our time here is short
80 billion to military when Trump announces to the UN Council today we are ready to go to war? What about healthcare for everyone?
Bull. The military is already the biggest and baddest in the world. It gets more than 50% of our entire budget every single year. Insane!!!
Spending cuts 4 healthcare will put millions of lives at risk. Why can U see one so clearly but not the other? #GrahamCassidy
No not putting America first is spreading our military funds.

I've had metastatic cancer. Last night I was sobbing just watching my kids do their homework, grateful to be here for it. This is heartless. https://twitter.com/AGSchneiderman/status/909859641873575937 …
What about Trump ban on able body military men & women that are willing to serve Our country out of the military because of their sex
Let's keep health care for vets and other Americans, also. No to #CassidyGraham
The #CassidyGraham bill puts millions of American lives in danger. America needs you. Choose love  Please Sir, vote NO.
We need to get out of Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria and keep our nose out of everybody's business.  We need to bring our troops home...NOW!
Why cant they just be part of a solution, and move forward? Why pay someone who is doing nothing to help our president?
You are concerned for our military;commendable! Then why would you vote for Graham/Cassidy which cuts protection for pre-existing conditions
NO TAX CUTS!  Our world is on fire,20T in debt, Millions homeless from storm damage,infrastructure in shambles. Need Revenue
They have for the last 8yrs. Clinton warned Congress about cuts to embassy security-> Benghazi
And spending cuts to healthcare put all our lives at risk, you know better .@SenJohnMcCain , why would you do that to us?
Senator McCain, you want your Legacy to mean Ethics and Integrity. If teue, vote no for Trump Care. Means everything to tens of millions.
That's what our president is doing among other great things that you obviously don't support so go join the democrats they seem to like you!
And as a Veteran, Stop trying to destroy  our Healthcare. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. It's No good, even if your best buddy is sponsoring it.
Waste of time McCain is
You would actually support a bill that raised metastatic cancer 3500%!
I agree. But please work with our President and with our Republican Party!
Regular order
Put an end to the Obama-era practice of paying for gender-related medical treatments for those already serving.  Make them pay for it!
@MeghanMcCain
It's a priority issue, not a spending issue. "...significant impact, that's harder." 

Do what's hard, not expedient.
Thousands of vets' lives will be put at risk if you flip flop and support #GrahamCassidy -Please don't vote to kill us!
bien
When will Republicans harvest the zombie brains of the bloody, twitching partial-birth abortion of ACA recall, so we can all rest in peace?
Why have military when Americans will already be dead from no health care.
#voteno
And the newly packaged health care bill will hurt vets and millions more.  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
How about focusing on the AMERICAN PEOPLE first and not what you didn't do Years ago. LOSER!!!
G-C will kick millions of veterans off their health care, killing thousands of them. Protect their lives & support regular order, senator
Please military already has the biggest spending budget over anything else need $$ for education and healthcare not killing people
And why wasn't this done years ago? noko kept building when all sat and watched and now voice opinions would of,could of,should of
I will lose my healthcare and I've had cancer once before.
Please help us with healthcare or i will not live long if i get sick again.
Reminder: @MarkRuffalo @ShaunKing @MMFlint @BernieSanders u up? #CancerSucks #ThanksforNothing
I have worked hard my entire life. Now, I have melonama, and barely can afford health insurance. PLEASE, do not let GOP take away coverage.
Right on

AHHH John Mc.Cain I stopped listening after your first vote after you got back .To think that i voted for you for president . what a waste
First we need to rebuild the Senate.
We can not afford to cut our military budget. To do so weakens our nation. Thank you Senator.
Michael Frend for Congress
And GrahamCassidy puts out civilians at risk. Please Vote No Senator
Build the military YES! BUT Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the FRIGGIN wall!!!
OK. But you vote no on the new ACA repeal bill.
McCain represents top 2% who are making a killing in the market on China cheap labor He will obstruct Pres Trump all the way to death
We The People we're watching as you killed the healthcare vote you laughed and you are disgraceful
McCain attitude When asked about bringing American jobs back from China he replied those jobs are never coming back
Establishment GOP McCain has no middle class agenda. His priorities are Military, Top 2%, and amnesty for illegal immigrants

*If* McCain votes yes—so blatantly violating his own principles—he will do extraordinary damage to his reputation and legacy. https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/909449023203024902 …
Please Senator McCain-be a hero again & save our healthcare. Be on the right side of history.They're your friends but vote NO Cassidy Graham
Why don't you just go to your overpriced hospital suite and let people that haven't been wallowing in dregs for 50 years do their job! #MAGA
Concentrate on your health
Go away. Step down.
Sen. McCain help President Trump drain the swamp resign get out of the way U RINO,s gave Obama everything gave President Trump nothing
Yet you don't care about ripping healthcare away from millions.
No Congress man John McCain. Spending cut an option becuz defense industry siphoning big junk U.S. Budget and $ not there 4 other programs.
please don't vote for the graham bill. ACA can be fixed.Cheaper 2 fix it than 2 repeal & replace,you will save millions of American lives.
Will call Senators for this.
 Will you Please save OUR health care?
resign then we will have more money
First thing that you said, that I agree with. Now see if you can get the rest correct.
Gutting M'caid puts far more citizens lives @ risk. You stood once for ensuring others have the quality care you do. Don't betray them now.
Gutting Medicaid under the GC proposal means hundreds of thousands of AZ constituents will lose their insurance. Have some decency & vote no
You let sequestration happen. You and Congress hurt our Military.
Increased military intervention and additional deployments put troops' lives at risk.
John McCain you are a hero!
Don't act like you care.. Trump cares, you are so fake
So does taking away healthcare from the people they protect and sometimes even them
What did President Eisenhower remind citizens of? Beware of the Military complex-2save money we should close military bases in AZ!
I'm not with you on much Senator, but I agree on military spending. @realDonaldTrump and you should come up with something.
FAILING TO REPEAL ACA PUTS JOE CITIZEN'S LIFE AT RISK AND FLUSHES FINANCIAL SECURITY DOWN THE TOILET
Yes sir.
John, HOME!
John what r u doing about health care that u derailed ?? Either fix it or retire
What do we do with then$600'B we already spend?  An we train with that money?
John where have you been?
How about working with the President
Cutting 15000 LGBGT members from the military put their livelihood and families at risk. What's your position on that Mr Mccain?
He's all for them. On Friday just cosponsored the Bill. NOW, Iwe need attention for WOUNDED Vietnam vets denied Caregiver Stipend since 2010
John McCain are you part of the solution or problem?
We must stop asking our service members to do stupid things.
Your existence in the US Senate puts Small Businesses at risk - but acknowledging that doesn't help your personal, selfish agenda
You don't seem to mind the pay cuts your voters took over the years from Obama Care You let them down and took food from their mouths!
Shouldn't you check with Nancy Pelosi first?  After all don't you work for her? RINO.
TAKING AWAY HEALTHCARE PUT USA CITIZENS LIVES ON US SOIL AT RISK! @SenJohnMcCain WHY WOULD YOU LET THAT HAPPEN?
#UniversalHealthCare
Sen you are done just finish out your career in silence you've done enough damage especially on healthcare you cemented your place on that
Couldn't agree more. Get it done





One Vote Johnie u need to ask POTUS faces no balls no guts.  Ste down
You and senator @JeffFlake have another opportunity to side with the people and against special interests on Graham-Cassidy.
So where were you when Obama was cutting the military funds.
Sen McCain,yes please fight to strengthin our military and add a heavy dose of technology i believe that it is our future in the war to come
PLEASE NO MORE WARS . Haven't we Americans had enough .
John, Please retire.  You are a Traitor to the Republican Party.  Trump is President.  Live with it.
Trumps president, I respect that. He's also clueless to the global economy and intl affairs (like his predecessor) and McCain is not.
You act like you had nothing to do with sequester, you were part of it and now pointing fingers. RETIRE Brutus
Nope. Benedict Arnold mccain! You need to repeal obamycare!
If you say we need more spending I'm listening. Are you willing to raise taxes to pay for it?
How about every politician take a 5% pay cut. That would leave a surplus. I know all my taxes hasn't made my life better.
Accidents due to outsourcing maintenance to private companies. This is what I am hearing from soldiers who would know.  McCain knows this.
Introduce a bill
You're putting OUR president at risk.  You must retire or be voted out sir.
So how does he profit from this?
340,000 vets are covered under ACA. Will you stand up for them again? Graham-Cassidy will hurt them...and millions of other Americans too.
You sir are a hero. Apologies for millions of Americans who don't understand how the military makes our global security & economy function.
Fuckin bam
Spending cuts 4 healthcare subsidies put their lives at risk, too. Good coverage/prevention is better/cheaper. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy.
A reckless commander in chief puts troops and country in danger too.  #ImpeachTrump
Don't forget to pay them either. All veterans deserve CRDP especially those injured while serving! PASS SA639 as part of HR2810
Why did u kill health cre for us when u have a great policy?  Tell me songbird!
Are you implying that the ACA system (that McCain voted to keep intact, btw) is functioning correctly? Even NYT doesn't believe that...
Stop taking your mad out on Trump bc u didn't win pres thank god!  Get on board.
Obama did that u said nothing.  Songbird get off Trumps back.  Either retire or die.  You would do us all a favor. Stop taking your mad
Crooked @SenJohnMcCain always endorsing  his buddies from the military industrial complex in the name of national & international protection
NO WE FUCKING DO NOT! Do NOT FEED #TheMilitaryIndustrialComplex
Usually right, but wrong on this one. They already get way more than their fair share.
Your  legacy will be the war and destruction across the globe.
With you.
We need a real government first
Enough money is spent on the military.  How about you kill Lindsay Grahams healthcare destroying bill. And get that traitor out of our WH.
Yes healthcare for all Americans . And get that piece of crap and his crappy cabinet out of the White House. I don't care where they go .
Thank you for your service but please vote full repeal of Obama Care.
McCain. Resign. Your Rino stripes are destroying your legacy. Go home.
http://statefort.com/sen-john-mccain-backed-corner-refuses-tell-authorities-got-9-million-dollars/ …
Why don't you fix the VA in Arizona. If you're so worried about military veterans
Because fixing the VA doesn't involve war with yet another entity, he has a bloodlust for war not vets
Amen
Chutzpah! Showboat shameless #JohnMcCain was the biggest risk to service members!
https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
So Songbird McCain what have you done about this for the LAST 8 YEARS?? GO HOME AND DONT COME BACK!!
I'm afraid that Senator McCain is correct and that includes our nuclear arsenal.
Want to rebuild it? Re-instate the draft and use the military to help the poor during and help rebuild after desasters here and abroad.
Love the draft idea, let's start with the college kids, free tuition after 4 years of service.  Might change their perspective.
If we have Medicare for all our veterans could go and get the help they need that the VA doesn't provide BTW my son is a disabled vet
You would know about putting soldiers at risk, POWs and wet starts.
It's time for a change you need to leave we don't need any more death in May him in this world please
It's time to start spending money on our country and citizens not the military industrial complex
Blah blah blah more meaningless, useless words. You DO nothing.
How much of our military funding is making private contractors wealthy?
We fund our military at levels far higher than any other country. When is enough enough? I'm not opposed to reasonable funding.
#Warmongers
Being in never ending wars is what puts our service members at risk..stop this madness and bring them home
2005 called... A gigantic majority of our military isn't in "never ending wars," theyre protecting shipping lanes & preserving global econ
Cosponsor hres #401 URGING ALL NATIONS to Ban the dog and cat meat trade and enforce EXISTING TRADE LAWS Please end this barbaric TRADE
Repealing #ACA and denying millions access to affordable, quality healthcare also puts  "lives at risk."  Please vote to keep Obamacare.
In 1987, BEFORE the current deficit, Bernie Sanders said if everyone was on medicaid it'd bankrupt the US
Meanwhile you want the military to fund sex change ops. You're all messed up.
Go away TRADER
now this is high quality tweet from a real DJT supporter. Probably has a great job as a traitor on Wall Street.
We have a more capable man in the White House I'll let him make that decision someone I can trust MR PRESIDENT TRUMP not your trader Ass
Still waiting for YOUR version of healthcare since you nixed your party's plan. LETS SEE IT PLEASE. NOW.
GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE.
The disrespect towards women shown by SEVERAL gop'ers, but hugely by dt, is UNACCEPTABLE. Kids are watching. Some adults think this is ok.
Bill Clinton was the king of misogyny. Paid Paula Jones $850K for an ATTACK. Plenty more lewd ACTIONS yet Dems, Libs and Obama love him.
Spend your money more wisely. We already spend over half of our entire budget on the military!!!!
The @GOP is sticking its collective head in the sand. Y'all would be HAIR ON FIRE if this was Dem, rightfully.
Your "president" tweeted a hugely misogynistic tweet against HRC and another calling dissenters not "true Americans."
Hillary lambasts Trump throughout her book...she can dish it out then she can EQUALLY take it too.
MILITARYing 216bil70bil12bilUSA620+bilUS big adversaries spend lots less than we do with more effectiveness 2 their goals.WHY?
Do what you can to get rid of waste; men and women in military should be well-equipped, well-paid and well-educated....no pork
Who made the cuts?
How presidential cancerous one. NOT!
Hero...
Pls vote NO to Graham Cassidy bill. A two party solution is the only way fwd to stabilize the insurance market.
Too little too late-where we're supporting our military? Collecting your millions.
Sir, you stated on this program that (R)s  must not ram through the Health bill. However that is exactly what they are doing w/GrahamCassidy
No amount of money can compensate for asshats in charge.
Never met a liberal show u didn't like
proposed spending cuts would also impact their quality of living once they separate. We should do right by them always,not just active duty
On your watch while you supported Obama and allowed the cuts. The blood is on ur hands
Rat - Day -3
Recommend you read US Marine Captain criticizes strategy Afghanistan, Iraq, etc http://businessinsider.com  and Marine Corps Gazette
What did you have to do with agenda 21?
How about getting a Commander in Chief that doesn't warn our enemies where and when we attack??!! Do your job John!!
No, we need to kick Trump out of office. He's the one who's putting lives at risk with stupid tweets to North Korea.
Because we all know that Kim Jung UN is a sweet guy who means no harm at all. None.
Until rebuild of US economy- there is not 1 nation in history that could sustain % of GDP used to support military at our rate. Not 1!
national security stupidity USA with British soldier in Afghanistan.  Health care veterans 2nd article.  https://m.Facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154726992699151&id=688379150 …
Discussed military powers of Congress in many Vox Populis on http://www.thegreenpapers.com .  Letters of Marque and Reprisal 2009
