have any dossiers on him? #Traitor
what about the requirement to wait 7 years after military service? You should know better
thank you for your service and the work you are doing now to try and keep things honest.
go back to bed, johnnie. You're useless.
@kyssa_min_rov tell your colleagues Sen McCain, if anyone gives Trump a problem they will be Voted Out
Mathis is a good choice. Sessions for Atty Genl IS NOT A GOOD CHOICE. Please vote against this nomination

Dear @UN & @NATO

Liberal America did not abandon you…
Couldn't agree more.
please help to confirm the full cabinet sooner, senator !
There could not be a better pick for the Defense Secretary! You and General Mattis are hope for those living in Europe!
Sen.McCaine, please stop Trump before he destroys our country, real GOP don't support Putin's puppet, or corruption
start kissing ass John you have t helped our vets Gen Mattis should make you exit first
Right, because telling people that you LOVE killing brown people makes you worthy of that leadership.
we the people deserve to know and demand answers we're not stopping till we get them. Stand and fight this dictator.
Good pick! Now vote NO on Tillerson please!
The only qualified person on this 'Team of Connivals'. He'll be the first to resign
so disappointed you will vote to confirm Tillerman.  The very few republicans I have looked up too.  You caved to Trump.
@CathyTo47590555 You are a traitor and a GLOBALIST! You have lived of WE THE PEOPLE long enough!
@jhjanie1 - Shove it john. Too late for you in my book. Supported you once but no more. Anti Trump=Anti American to me. 
Its unfortunate we have a crazy President.
please put aside any conflicts with President Trump and do right for our country u have a golden opportunity to save USA
... says the lead swamp creature, @SenJohnMcCain .  @Bill_Stearns
i believe you so that believe him too
@ElizabetAmichai Obama, EU Furious as Trump Sees the New International Reality https://larouchepac.com/20170117/obama-eu-furious-trump-sees-new-international-reality …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLiI7lv1S08 …
I am a liberal progressive democrat crossing over without hesitation to support you in the coming months and beyond.
@MeghanMcCain now we need you to get on board the @realDonaldTrump train McCain
Only member of @realDonaldTrump cabinet worth confirming. All other #cabinetnominees #awful #corrupt #incompetent.
Respect, but thought this position required 7 years retired. How is it that laws overlooked NOW. None of u care.
really.. This  mad dog.. And yet we worry about  ISIS.. when we have one with  nukes and  power behind
@MeghanMcCain Semper Fi.....always faithful...to our country....our people.....
yeah!
am afraid you r a kind of hypocrite
#EmolumentsClause #RussianHacking #Impeachment  Don't pretend the Constitution isn't being violated.
I trust he will maintain ethical standards
Get onboard with our new president! Or get the hell out of the way! You and Lewis are living on your past.
="STUPID FOOL" LotsOf #ISIS "chicken salad" 4Jim2Fix! WeKnowAll YOUR Secret$ JM #americanexpress @teamtrump @drudgeheadlines
I'm as a russian - american ,hope you will stop Putin and impose sanctions on Russia , not end them as Trump said !
@johnnydollar01   Good boy Jonny now just keep your mouth shut!
All legality and precedent aside, of course.
Down with torture!
Semper Fidelis Sir. Gen. Mattis will do a great job.
thank you for doing the right thing
Hopefully, he will protect this country.
Well there is one we can all agree on.

People are looking up to you to stand up for your country. That also means standing up to Donald Trump.
@tempteststorm2 did you listen to the Syrian woman talking to you? All the Nation building, intervention stop
@MeghanMcCain :: Amen , Thank you both for caring for our country, God bless, Doug in the Rockies.
Absolutely; Your friend  Fmr.Gen.James Mattis; Sen. McCain
Ret.Gen James Mattis
And they called HRC a hawk.  God help us...
They should call her President
I hope he isn't actually nicknamed "Mad Dog" for, er, an actual reason!
All Americans still want to know whats going on with the investigation of Russia &Trump!That shouldnt be swept under the rug
Say NO to Tillerson! Defend America's interests not Russia's.
You would have made a better POTUS than the one who painted such a dark picture & dark future
Resign Senator! Or face more censures!
keep working we need the complete overhaul team!
Hopefully Gen Mattis can keep the train on the tracks... if you get my drift. @SenJohnMcCain
so is the Fascist Dictator
and heck had asked you too.
I agree. I hope the others won't be confirmed especially EPA and Secretary of State. Wish DT had asked Al Gore.
