U insult Russia by fueling conspiracies that Kremlin was behind this liberals death. No authority 2 speak 4 USA #TermLimits
Mr. Senator! Thank you for your memory of human rights activist Boris Nemtsov, who fought with Putin's dictatorship!
Please push for an investigation.
JAIL
hope you spend your last days in jail you sorry bought out traitor
“If I decide to run for office, I’ll produce my tax returns. Absolutely. I would love to do that.” – Trump in 2014.
nice of U 2 cry fake tears 4 Nemtsov did @SenSchumer join U N the fake tears fest? Fake leaders must stick together after all
retire!
hey Dr. Doolittle.  Yes your not a shrink. But you need one.  I Think you're confusing fantasy with reality.
See there. All the human rights that @realDonaldTrump, like Putin, wants suppressed. Fight DT and support Real conservatives.
Too bad Trump isn't fighting for freedom, democracy & justice for the American people tho, huh Senator? Investigate him!
Where is ur head? The most backwards blind thing Ive ever heard from an inteligent human being.  Compare issues!
You still brown nosing for campaign funding?
R GOP voting 2 strike down the "Resolution of Inquiry " into #Trump #Russia ties. If so why? GOP say there's nothing there! 
Display Of VILE EVIL McCain Supports! @PressSec @realDonaldTrump @cnn @cnni @CNNPR #MAGA @DanaBashCNN @NYTIMES @SASCMajority
What's the status of the failed raid in Yemen? It needs an independent select committee! Agree? #YememGate
You are obsessed with Russia
Now lets fight for our democracy. Independent investigation into Russia tampering and any Exec Conflicts. #russiagate
So what happened to them?
Thank you for putting our country first. It frightens me when politicians don't. You have respect.
YOU ARE THE WORST DISAPPOINTMENT. YOUR CAMPAIGN SUPPORTED BY GEORGE SOROS &  BILLIONAIRE LIBERALS. DISGUSTING FROM A VET
Please show some needed independence for the validity of our elections #independentinvestigation #USA
protect our country
when did mcCain become anti republican, man is he ever a trump hater
You have clearly been compromised or blackmailed.
john, last week you wrote about Kara-Murza. Can you still pronounce his name? Sure not, so why bother writing about Nemtsov?
Raise your hand if you wanna be president! Oh wait you can't! Hope you pilot your next trip yourself. And bring Fatty Meghan.
The biggest problem Russia has is Globalist interference ! Nationalism Is what makes their country great. Like ours.
Sen John McCain,he 's respectful man ,As Kurdish American , i do respect him very much , for his services ,

time for you to retire.
Wow you are Russian senator? When did you start love with people of Russia. U r known as russophobia!
I once respected you John McCain but you have proven you are not for America but for the Establishment! What a disgrace ur!
still wish you put your words into actions... SAD
What were you doing in Syria?  You have stayed long enough to become the villain.
please fight for an investigation into Trump's ties to Russia
-  Russia connection is fake news.  Disgusted by you RINO turn coats...
#TrumpRussia
McCain you are a waste
Go away McCain
Now we need you to fight for our freedom Are you supporting this unconditional law on protesting? Rico? Seriously??
it's only about trump,stop deflecting push the investigation,end your career with respect of the nation & the hero U R please
EXPLAIN This Vile Evil YOU SUPPORT! @drudgeheadlines @realDonaldTrump #MAGA @nytimes @msnbc @chucktodd @cnn @DanaBashCNN @ap
#Trumprussia
Please work on freedom, democracy, and justice for the American people and everyone on American soil. Democracy starts here.
retire to your f..compound.
They say god has a plan for all of us. In your case, not to be President but I believe to save the Republic. We need you!###
Tatum, could you be any more obvious?
you and Pelosi are the best examples of why we need term limits
Sir retire please!! Poster Man for Term Limits
Father of seal killed in raid planned over dinner by @potus kuchner&bannon wants an investigation&refused to meet with Trump!
independent prosecutor
I was disheartened when Trump attacked u.  Vets deserve respect.  I believe in u and know u will only do your best for US.
Stay strong McCain! You are the bravest one out there! Thank you!
John:please refute every one of those videos that expose your VN conduct and subsequent legislative refusal to find pow/Mia's
44 yrs u lost my support! Heartbreaking to learn the betrayals from VN 2 marriage conduct 2 pow/Mia legislative obstruction
In light of your honorable service and sacrifice for our country, trash-talking Trump while overseas is deplorable.
: I have admired you for many years and have wondered why you went to the  unenlightened side The ugh, Republican Party? 
Thank you - I think this is one of those moments when we need to decide ... Do we have their (Russian Citizens) back?
@ClimateShelters When is McCain going to stand up & demand investigation of Trump's Russian Connections?
an issue has to be put to rest before I can listen to anything that you have to say. Why does no one ever answer your phone?
Fantastic.
For two years I've been trying to call you on your office phone. Never not once has anyone ever answered the phone. Why??
How do you think Donnie would have held up in a labor camp for 5 years?
get out of politics. You're acting treasonous!
- He IS treasonous...
I'm very serious now, America would be better of without you. You leftist turncoat. You are the evil we want to Eradicate.
we know Trump only honors ppl that don't serve.
You still not in jail? Treason a crime punishable by death from hanging.
Investigate @realDonaldTrump ties to Russia. U R a traitor of your country if you don't.
call trump out on lies this Tuesday.  This is getting worse everytime he opens his mouth
it's not getting worse...for white straight people
How about calling for an investigation re Trump-Russia connection? NOTHING there? Don't you want to know? #whatwillmccaindo
Glad #Russia is on your radar. Now investigate the f*ck out of them please! #Putinspuppet
Just like you honor Your Lord and Savior George Soros.
HEARD HE WAS A LARGE CONTRIBUTOR TO YOUR CAMPAIGNS FOR 35 YEARS
picking up any more dossiers Senator? If it was up to you we would have a radical SCOTUS.  You stand up for and by the elites
@SpeakerRyan @FBI so are you going to follow up on the RUSSIAN CONNECTION?
please support the #SpecialProsecutor
Huuummm, WH won't like it, he opposed the boss !
part of the Keating 5 gang.
I see a Thank you from liberals, This isn't because you a real Republican. The  Tag Cuck mean you swing to the left
Fight for the US again! We're so much better than this.. Remember, this is someone who likes the guys who didn't get caught!
So use your subpoena power to investigate Russian influence on the White House. Action, not words.
too bad Trump won't publicly agree. I agree though!
Retire!
Investigate Hillary Clintons Uranium ties to Russians The real ties to Putin and were is her 33 ,000 missing emails
@POTUS  All of a sudden you like Russians.I think it time drop the Russian hacking lie
American people getting tiered of it
And to think that Nemstov was killed by @realdonaldtrump 's mentor.
how about all those things for us? Much more important.
Have you & @GOP been  take money from Russians??? You need to call for independent investigation  #TRUMPRUSSIA #TRUMPGATE
Thank you McCain for remembering this hero of freedom, assassinated by our adversary.
Special. Prosecutor. #Russia
isnt the other side doing enough with russian and media
and u fought 4 the same. Keep ur eyes on DJT
What about our democracy, freedom and justice? Hello? A mentally ill patient + Greed is running US + u all do nothing? Shame.
wish the GOP would fight for those things, we the people really need you to stand up and call out POTUS on all the lies
I don't know why u are protecting party over country. Not a Joh McCain thing to do *tear*
Please call for an independent investigation into ties between Russia and trump.
I Trust you are well; Fmr. Lieutenant (Commander) also for wife (Cindy ,your (Mother) Roberta ; The McCain Family ; I Respect
So do what u do and fight for us. U r such an honorable man I don't c how u can allow this. I have so much respect 4 u, but..
I am sure your President honors him as you do

Thank you for fighting for US <3 You will forever be a real man!
This is why we must investigate the Russian infiltration of the WH NOW!
Investigate Trump's ties to Putin!
McCain is the same person leaking info out to others, he should be locked up along with @HillaryClinton
Moron jay,has the Putin puppet denied the facts behind leak?
Are you now plotting overthrow of Putin?
Good day.
You are a threat to this country. Thank God u not u charge
So maybe you could grow a set and fight for freedom of the press? That would be good.
