Please follow up Immigration reform

Nice to see you, @SenJohnMcCain Sir! Hope you're doing very well!
Nice to see u sir #mccann ur #Nazi #Ukrainian friends are missing u big time. #Antisemitism #WhiteSupremacists #Fascism #Charlottesville
It might help if you could spell McCain. Bozo.
Do u think it will help him, or u in any way ? Do you deny @SenJohnMcCain supported #Nazi  #radicalism & #Antisemitism ? Know ur idol...
I couldn't care less. Learn how to spell Sunbeam to get any credibility. XXX
SanBimmm ... If u don't care why to reply, if u have nothing to say, why to comment ?
She's so darn pretty!  And you're looking great, Senator!
John McCain sides with Commies.
You look great!  Thank you for all you have done and will continue to do.  It means so much of us that are nervous.. to know you're there.
Glad you had time to relax.
Hope he takes the time to stay with his family!  Retire before you go!
When are you going to start impeachment proceedings?
Every man deserves happiness to his family that he is doing to others
Looking good Sir
Did you receive this tweet or are you holding grudge for Potus and taking revenge?
Senator you are awesome person and an awesome dad. My prayers are with you and your family.
Retire! National Disgrace
The great american trader
Traitor
Great photo of you two! I'm a Democrat but I've always liked the McCains.  Get well sir...we need you.
you sir are a real American hero through and through
Why didn't congress impose Obamacare on themselves? Oh wait, they are better than the rest of us. How convenient...
Miss u Meghan on Outnumbered!  Best wishes to your Dad from one brain tumor person to another 
#Trump Supporters If You Still Dont Believe #Nazis #Collaborated With The #Russians To Take Over #OurCountry Welcome To The New #AmeriKKKa
Glad you had a good one but not so great in C'ville can you get your colleagues to do something about getting Trump OUT? 
You need to stop with the rhetoric and hate!  Trump isn't going anywhere!
 U, since u voted to save me&hubby's HC--& millions others.--we had cancer. --TY!!(God's smiling on u, Collins, &Murkowski, 4doing right.)
He voted to keep all of us with no insurance provider and 116% increase in premiums!  Yeah, he did a great thing!
Keep up the fight, good sir, then come back to help us fight the evil in the WH that threatens our democracy. You KNOW what we suspect!
You mean the Democrats?!
Hey John ,   How about a few less pictures....and a little more work on actually passing one of the promises you made .

Intel Update - Stew Webb, Heneghan (8-18-17)

@stewwebb 

…
glad to see father and daughter in a warm moment; get well, Senator, praying for you.
Don't have similar policies and have never voted for him but would be proud to sit down to dinner with you and your hero dad any day #MAGA
Love seeing you with your family!
You both have healthcare correct?
Donald Trump Jr & Ben  Carson both confirm Obama admin stole $500 Billion to fund broken & failed Obamacare from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. 
Happy to see you recovering well Sir. Now how about impeaching that filth in the White House?
Be well Senator.   Nothing as close a father/daughter Peace&Prayers.
Sir Get well soon.
Beautiful picture of dad and daughter
get some weirdo
Love & prayers.
"Very fine people!"

-President of US today about Nazis who chanted "Hail Trump!" and then killed three people.

https://youtu.be/1o6-bi3jlxk 
you should be ashamed of yourselves, your whole family is rotten.
Don't let TRUMP talk you down ! You are a great Sen. and a well respected man.  I hope you beat this cancer .
Beautiful picture, you and your family are in our prayers.  We love an support you Mr @SenJohnMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain had great weekends in #ukraine supporting his #Nazi friends there while denouncing #Nazi in #Charlottesville?#doublestandard
Miss you on Fox
How's the fake intentions John? Still fake? Still strong? Repeal or retire RINO!
Lookin like a DILF
Senator McCain ,thank you for everything you've done and still doing. Good to see you doing well.Have a great day. Cynthia
Nothing greater sweeter than Father/Daughter love. Blessings
Get well Senator! Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
Wsup Gollem
Fuck
Thank you for your service John McCain Myself i am a Vietnam Veteran. Class of 1967-1968 God Bless Great Picture.
I am so happy to see you are well and healthy all Iranian resistance supporters wish you be in best condition
Hope all is going well for you and your family!
Meghan your father must retire!
Good for you
Love this photo ! Prayers, always.
Stay home you are against the president this country elected, whats wrong with Meghan she looks like hell.
Sweet pic of you both Senator!
Go Navy!
You look better with less makeup Meghan!
Retire.
What no time in the creek?
snake!
Praying for you daily - get well soon!
Please impeach Trump asap for his conflicts of interest / abuse of power /wittness tampering be our hero once again, do the right thing sir.
How has Trump done any of that?! Are you mentally challenged?
John you need to retire and enjoy life.
Get well sir, our country needs you.

BTW, we met on a CODEL to Brussels.

Godspeed.
praying for you. Hope all is going well
Beautiful picture!
Love your Jerome tee!! Love that town.
Retire McCain so we vote in a real Republican
Love this Photo of You and Your Dad. Dam Good Picture even with no makeup.
Lost respect for this person @senjohnmccain.   A turncoat and has sided with the hate trump libs. Watch your backs guys. Traitor among you
Meghan u R a good daughter to stop your career for ur father! God u an ur dad!
Hang in there buddy. Looking good.
Feel better and thank you for your service
Fair Winds and Following Seas Shipmate
I did and I'm past the 5 year mark
God bless you
Fight it hard John, you'll be alright
This is feeling like a Farwell tour?
Good. Stay on vacation.
Traitor
My favorite Dad Daughter, bless you both 
Healing energy headed your way
Love Jerome AZ!! Your looking good!
@SenJohnMcCain Sen wish you a speedy recovery. Thank you for your service sir.
God your hot @MeghanMcCain
Are you going to Retire,have you talked to our President since he's been elected?
While I appreciate your having family time during your recovery, perhaps great weekend isn't the best way to describe this weekend anywhere.
Megham holds on to a pillar of strength and courage. Sen Mccain is a Profile in Courage for his distinguish service in USN & Senate
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
@MeghanMcCain you look great without makeup
Hope you are doing well Mr McCain. GOD BLESS AMERICA AND ISRAEL PEACE AND LOVE TO YOUHang in there Sir
AMAZING what makeup does for women! I love makeup more than I do women!
Gorgeous elnatural!!!
That is a sweet Jerome t-shirt!
When will you disavow the neo-Nazi party svoboda by name? America is watching Sen Mccain  we see you.
@SenJohnMcCain you did a great job in raising a strong and independent daughter @MeghanMcCain
Great picture!
Great picture. God bless you @JohnMcCain & @MeghanMcCain #LoveAll= #KickCancersButt #
Didnt recognize her. Gorgeous wo/makeup
Meghan you are absolutely gorgeous without the makeup!
Drugs are bad!
Thanks for nothing Mr McCain!
As ticked off as I am with your last vote. Prayers for you to get better. You will always be an American Hero.
#McCainStrong
I am loving all the family photos you share, Senator. Simply adorable. You remind us to be together. Still praying for your recovery.
It's a Mcshame your going to hang around in the Senate and destroy freedom and liberty in America until they carry you out feet first.
Politics aside I have always respected your professional ethics in our Senate. Thank you and many prayers for for recovery!
Happy to see you looking well @SenJohnMcCain
Doesn't look like Meghan at all. Did you grab someone from the crowd?
God Bless You ,We all adore and love you dearly.
Stay home and spend time with your family Retire from politics
Looking good!
Wishing you all the best!  Your country needs you now more than ever.
Retire and all weekends are great. Please
You both look fantastic!
Thought you spent most of your getting applause from liberal media that really hates you, you know, how conservatives now hate you.
Get well soon, America needs you back
I miss seeing Meghan on TV. This is a great pic of the two of you. Enjoy this time together. Get well soon, Sen. McCain!
Beautiful. Our children bring us peace and love... Enjoy.
Thanks for trying to destroy our country
I need to see your new t shirts!
She learned well from her dad, didn't she? Smart woman, level headed. Her book was my very first Kindle purchase. @MeghanMcCain
I never since meghan without makeup and almost didnt recognized her. Also a natural beauty. She dont need all the makeup.
:)) Best regards

She is a loyal and dedicated daughter.
No fan of your politics, Senator.... but I do hope you're doing better.
Jerome, AZ !!  Imprinted on my memory as a gorgeous drive.
I see all the leftists are supporting McCain now.  Oh you didn't vote for him in 2008?  NP - patriots will retire him and Flake soon.
I pray for a speedy recovery for you, we desperately need you to bing sanity to this insane administration! Please please we beg you!
you look great! God Bless you sir.
Watch out for the plague infested fleas
Beautiful photo!  You both look so great.
This is the first time  I seen Sen.McCain in a T-shirt.looking good
Please go away. The both of you. You're what's wrong with Washington. Fraud.
Not a fan of his politics but seems to be a wonderful pops.
Great job for your work on bringing North Korea under control while bashing my President
hope you enjoy your retirement; well deserved, and in time too
Your daughter is so beautiful.
Wishing you the best senator
Hi, my heart is with you.
Actually the best pic of @MeghanMcCain ever
Meghan looks great without makeup.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump pull the substites and put congress on 0bamma care asap...
meghan, you look beautiful w/out makeup!
Continue enjoying life's simple pleasures with loved ones, but please don't stop leading.  You are a reflection of what's good, decent!
Why can't you have been President. Much respect Sir
Megan is an intelligent girl with informed opinions. Wish I could say the same about you!!!!!
Meghan is so fine
This is so nice, pretty pics after you stabbed us in the back. How much more do you want me to pay for dead beats insurance? Your garbage.
#Arizona
Will you be using Obamacare for your  treatments? Like the rest of America has to because of your in action?
When us old folks are spent from the weary miles, there is only one treasure left... a fathers love for his child.
Hopefully you're getting your head on straight. Stop screwing stuff up in Washington or resign!
Are you not ashamed to show your face after lying just to get elected. Have you no shame
Enjoy your family time.
Go NAVY!!! lovely picture. :)
Oooooh nice
Not so great in Charlottesville.
Looking good Senator McCain!
I hope you are feeling better soon!
- hope your doing ok
Curse of Innocent women & children will haunt you on your death-bed. #Iraq #Afghanistan #Lebanon #Gaza #Syria #Libya #Yemen #Vietnam
