The president hasn't "destroyed the credibility of the media". u hav. We don't believe u anymore. u hav tunnel vision. U can't see the truth
What about the Steele dossier? What was your involvement there?
Shut the front door, traitor.
Its time to go to Florida .   don't die around a bunch of self center jerks in d.c.      Go have a good time.
I gonna get it! Thanks for you splendid job and trajectory.
McCain continues his traitorous let's embrace the left tour!
Idiot
I'm loving it!
Did you vote for Trump? Did you call your therapist after? Haha Trump 2020 @donaldjtrump___  @FoxNews @Lawrence @amjoyshow
We’re at point where journalists like Schieffer are so engrained in the swamp culture they don’t know what truth is!
Me too. A voice of reason in this insane time.
Retire and read
I think what Bob was trying to is, the MSM no longer has a monopoly, no longer can control perspective, and they don't like it.
Not to mention they want to curtail hemorrhaging profits by creating any excuse to censor social media.
I c ur point but I think there r somethings ur not considering
BOOM: Rand calls McCain & Graham Democrats! "People like McCain and Graham, parade as Conservatives but are Not!"
You're so right, what's important one day, next day it seems it hasn't happened.Look at the refugees crises, some shots got viral.And today?
Bob, maybe the MSM could take some tips from Fox News insofar as reporting is concerned. I've never witnessed such bias including CBS.
Repeal and replace you phony senator.  Retire
Schieffer during interview reminded us of the most important role of journalism: Seek the truth and report it.
OK traitor, now I know one book I will not read. It's not how you start, but how you finish that counts. You are finishing as a coward.
Wow, your brain is pretty squeaky and shiny.. I guess that comes with being washed.
SOS Senator!! This is horrific! We need to get this PTOUS out of office before he kills millions
Drink some more CNN Kool aid, moron.
Met Bob in Daytona Beach at book signing.
the sad reality is Trump supporters, & Trump himself will start calling this 'fake' and all facts will be drowned by redneck bullshit. 
JOHN Mc Cain is worthless and we will get him out...he is a TRAITOR
Just saw the MSNBC followers no MSNBC is fake news
Your Demo friend?
You're demented if you believe this liberal loon is wise!
I want to know why Congress is allowing Trump to abuse it's citizens! Now he is shutting down healthcare enrollment 12 hrs weekly. Furious
Where am I living. I barely recognize my country. How can Ryan and GOP allow this travesty to continue. Outrage doesn't begin to describe...
Maria you need to get your facts straight...TRUMP IS THE BEST THING FOR THIS COUNTRY
Senator McCain, you have to get GOP to take action to remove Trump from office before he starts nuclear war. He is insane, read tweets today
Do you think NK just developed nukes under Trump? Even idiots understand that was under Obama's watch. Obama is why NK is a danger to US
I didn't say that.  But we have a president that is pushing NK to start a war with childish bullying tweets. We need a leader, not a child.
A leader like your obama that did nothing and allowed this to happen. Let's see how it playes out with Trump. We know how it did with obama
John McCain endorsed your book? It’s nothing to be proud of, Bobby.
The "overload" is the #FakeNews due to the rush to be FIRST rather than correct. Blind men can see the lies but Bob Schieffer can;t
Finding The truth in today deluge of news: A few suggestion, Ignore @Sen McCain, Do not follow Juan Williams, Ignore CNN, not enough space..
Do you have any help for your people of Arizona?  You suck sir
Never heard of him.
Where’s are healthcare reform? You had a chance and you failed
I know that John does none of the tweeting it is his staff.  JM votes of Obma care.   He likes single payer.   Lie to AZ voter.
I would suspect you would look forward to reading Schieffer’s book as it’s written by a democratic hack like you. Sad but true.
Impeach Trump!!
This is how I feel every single day since November 9th when #PresidentLoco took over
Total scam these crooks are trying to pass middle class cut all to billionaires. 80% to top 1%. @POTUS @nytimes @maddow @TheLastWord @MSNBC
Well here is the old traitor

Mr McCain , just cause you want to get even w trump , why screw the rest of the republicans , time for you to retire, & get things going
When are you crooks going to impeach unfit conman @POTUS? This fool isn't fit for dog catcher! @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @nytimes @SenWarren
John mcCain is Eligible for Next US President
It's not hard to find the truth in today's deluge of news--ignore ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, MSNBC, BBC, NPR and the rest of the liberal press
GOP has shortened enrollment period and slashed advertising budget by 90%, doing everything they can to make sure ACA fails.
He has no business commanding anyone to die cause of his ego. I'd rather his whole family get wiped out than one us service member
Sir can you please bring articles of impeachment on the idiot in the Whitehouse. The draft dodger is going to get service members killed
We don't care. You are a traitor .
What a backstabbing dem...
You have disgraced the R you proudly wave behind your name you are a filthy RINO worse than a liberal. You need to be in GITMO! 
Another traitor!
Dislike GOP/funders...However, rt thing's to help!
KETOGENIC DIET🖒
Starves Brain cancer b/c can't get glycogen
Read& supp w/
@maziehirono
KEEP INSULIN  LOW..so
NO growth hormones
NO sugar substitutes
NoteKeto Not 4 hormone-driven cancer ie breast
Glad your doing better... living proof Obamacare works.....wait. Never mind
Shut up half brain RINO McCain. Screw You, Deface the Nation, and father time Schieffer.
Really, wise? No liberal hack!
You have gone way over to the dark side John come back.

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
John I see most of your responders are democrats just like you .
Have you fixed healthcare yet? Have you done anything but sabotage our party?  You lied to your constituents!  That's not ok!
Lol!!! This is the best comedy of the day.
Oh me too! I trust and respect him so much.
You trust him?  So lies don't bother you at all?  Really?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
He's a sellout and a liar.
Do that right after retiring John
I agree! definitely picking up his book!!
Read and pass health care
RESIGN You BUM !!!
Hello senitraitor . Why did you kill your shipmates and turn soldiers in to the Vietcong? #cowardmccain #traitor #treason #pedoprotectors
#songbird #traitor #cowardmccain
Good. Now I know not to read it.
I missed @FaceTheNation this morning. Just stopping by to say I would much rather read @SenJohnMcCain feed than @realDonaldTrump
Vomit comet liberals & POS Rinos have been talking for 30 yrs you created the problem & all problems we face you dam sure don't want to fix
God bless ya . Senator John McCain
https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/914544327174520832 … #MAGA @GOP #DontheCon #Resist #Resistance #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia @Rosie @robreiner @SenWarren
Trump hasn't implemented Russian sanctions that he signed 2 mos ago & now he missed a deadline to issue guidance to ID Russian intel agents. https://twitter.com/NatSecGeek/status/914540502212587526 …
N Koria problem CREATE by Russia...
Suck up, they're laughing at you ! And you don't even know it!
Please retire John
 MAYDAY!    MAYDAY!

S.O.S.     SOS   HELLO?   ANYONE   HELP

AMERICA    NEEDS    HELP        SOS
#GOP IS ANYONE HOME?
Support the POTUS or go away. Your doing more harm to your Party than good.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Sounds like something to do when ur retired from public service
To bad you didn't apologize to the American People about screwing them over on Health Care.. Obamacare isn't good for you, but yet it is
Love all the liberals on your feed begging you to remove @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. Shows exactly who you are! @GOP take notice@CLewandowski_
I think we stop dancing around the question of is Trump out of his mind batshit crazy...umm threatening war via twitter...that qualifies.
I was hearing about "the demoralizing information boom" from a college professor as early as 1981.  Should be a good read, indeed.
Hopefully it teaches you how to Support your and out POTUS
That is about all you do all day is read and bitch about Pres.Trump
Hurling chunks!
Endorsement obligation complete. Where's the check?
This is how you will be remembered!
Another deep state traitor hiding the truth from America.
Why? You won't remember it. You don't even remember your campaign promises or what political party you're part of. You must RESIGN!!!!!
Crazy like a fix!!
I saw that Amazon had 1 review. Was that yours?
maybe after I finish "WTF Happened"
What bull shit Schaefer in so far left and nothing but a hypocrite!
I'd like to read this. Right now it's time for a US version of "Valkyrie," Sir. Please ask your colleagues to do the right thing 4 humanity.
Should've done that to obama. Now it's going to take a long time to fix his damage.
Sen McCain remember that president trump is  responsible for none of this mess that you are responsible for
...American people. You work for us, not the lobbyists paying you exorbitant amounts of money. GET FREAKING BUSY!!!
Healthcare? 
...to get of their asses get some work done for the American people. The Senate body should be ashamed of themselves. They've let down the..
How about start reading some of the Republican agenda that Americans elected @POTUS to enact and START WORKING on it. Get the other Senators
Senator you love these  liberals if you would show a little respect for Pres.Trump and the American we would be in better shape
Definitely adding this book to my library! @bobschieffer is outstanding! Extremely knowledgeable & full of insight! An incredible man! 
Good stay home and read it and retire perhaps sleeping is hard traitor 
Just retire nothing you say matters
Honorable men are hard to find!  Good to see one acknowledging another.
Repeal Obamacare mandates
Love him. If he’s upset, then we all should be. Unflappable.
You just love these screaming liberals........dont ya John?
A news reporter part of a lying news network you call wise. Please leave senate ASAP
I guess you miss the point of mainstream media.
Schaefer didn't talk about MSM protecting the Democrats.

#BuryTheStory
Know you are not feeling well right now, but is there anything you can do to stop DJT from threatening war on the Korean peninsula? Pls Help
McCain and congress did nothing for 8 years to stop NK. That's why we are where we are with them!  They all allowed Kim to do what he wanted
If he's a wise man maybe you should read the book twice
Stop talking and get Trump out of office!
Why don't you actually read a Bill that benefits the American people!? Read the book when you FINALLY retire!
Save your breath traitor no one gives a s*** what you tweet about
You made 37 anti American propaganda films for the Vietnamese, you took money from Soros, Clintons, punked Arizona. Hope you like hell
Senator, wishing you all the best. Haven't seen you in quite a while, but I remember our interviews and occasional chats quite fondly!
Senator waiting 2hear U or @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP statement Re: @POTUS comments on PR mayor
Can you please send someone to babysit the president before he tweets us into WWIII thanks
I've got more respect for your family than I have ever had.

Please get better, sir.

I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...

...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
Explain Keating, Soros, McCain Institute, and how they have become synonyms for graft. RETIRE Brutus
Looking forward to the book report later in the mean time where is your outrage for President Dolt Trump
John, it's time to rally the troops. Call upon every former POTUS. Please
Thread: @BarackObama, @TheBushCenter, @BillClinton, @GeorgeHWBush, @CarterCenter - Gentlemen, we are in dire need in the country RIGHT NOW

Please convene and use 25th Amendment - Trump rhetoric NK a danger to our country
8 years of Obama is what brought us to this point with NK!
Yep. He did a Chamberlain. Let the Asian Hitker get too big for his britches.
When did you learn to read?
HELP. THIS IS REAL. TRUMP IS UNSTABLE DO WE NEED A NUKE WAR FOR YOU ALL TO FUCKING WAKE UP? @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Do u think DJT will read it?
Sen McCain the monster in the WH is on twitter taunting NKorea & undermining Tillerson's efforts! Please stop the insanity!
RETIRE & go read it!
You are a hardworking honest Replublican. I have much respect for you unlike the other replublicans
Must be a commie of you are telling us to read it.  The faster you leave politics the better off USA will be.
Really moron? Did you spend 8 years as a commie POW?
Go away McCain! Aren't you suppose to be dying!
John switch parties yours is broken.
Thank you John McCain.

#25thAmendmentNow Enough Time to Wake Up GOP
mmm...I think POTUS just declared war via twitter. You might want to check.
#chuckle
Time for your wise moment John
whip up some outrage about this buffoon calling himself a president
get our country back
I feel like the GOP is using his ailment as their whipping post.
He speaks truth and gets trashed...

But he still speaks truth.
#honor
as he should
F..K them - now is his time to speak truth because of that - they truly are deplorable
gentlemen of the Senate? I think not
I don't really understand how he hasn't been removed from power yet...
Is there really no one who will do it?
He is a cancer to the WH.
Because we voted for him we barely survived obama you'll survive Trump
I'm not partisan and we were never looked down on more than now, in the world.
He disrespects us constantly.

I didn't vote for him.
Guess you forgot about the red carpet treatment or Netanyahu finally getting some respect from the us
Red carpet?

Bibbi and Trump are getting rich.

Are you?
Wisdom this country needs. Stay focused Senator.
Get well soon, sir! We need more like you.
