any way you can go away John
Shocked and saddened that you voted the party line and approved DeVos. Thought u had more integrity and care for our youth.
too bad you can't fix the Phoenix  VA in your own state.  To many Vets still dying it matters all vets r bros
ahhh, a buzz word.. What does it mean?? Enlighten us, the American ppl! Support .@POTUS
the A10 saved my life and the lives of my soldiers. Well done! No other airframe I'd want more in a TIC.
Its an over  the hill antique. Just like you.
Thank you for proving with today's vote that the conception of you as a principled maverick was always false.
So very glad this will be your last term NOT representing the people of Arizona.
great news! You crapped all over the children for a payout by devos. Hope you sleep well.
great move, wish we could transfer the entire program to the US Army
that's good news, because we have a few of them here at Selfridge AFB in Michigan.
not so great news... Devos is in charge of education. Kids deserve better than someone who just wants to make profits.
Great and effective weapon agn'st ISIS ground war. They fear it, because when they see it, they'r already dead.
It was not good news to hear you voted for DeVos!   Shame on you!
Git yer guns!!
It's time to replace YOU!
Hope we'll have people smart enough to fly it after DeVos gets done with education.
the long the better.
Guns over kids, huh John? Your legacy #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
Senator what is the status of Abrams Tank? Why do we keep buying tanks the defense department does not want?
how is DeVos good for AZ? Education is bad in our State and you are making it harder for our kids to succeed.
Great move we need older aircraft
ITS PROBABLY HIS WIFE
But didn't you support Trump. Where are his tax returns????????????
Oh for a minute I thought you were making a White House reference, then I realized you meant the plane...
Shame on you.  Public education >>military spending
So no money to produce more Worthogs
It won't help in the next battlefield versus real jets.
nothing good
Great News! You showed AZ children, parents and teachers your vote can be bought! #sellout #shameonyou
Gearing for war while destroying education...
we dont need to be spending any more money on military equipment.
you voted for devos???
fantastic weapon remember the Skyhawks on USS Forrestal?  We both nearly died then. June 1967
Nope. Your vote on DeVos was a real insult to teachers. #LongMemory
Quality of ed.in your state will be equivalent to the intellect of a Warthog w/ your DeVos vote.What the hell McCain ?
u were only rep I respect but ur vote yes 2 Devos makes u like the rest a Cult-Follower who put interest of party & not ppl
You should be ashamed of yourself for voting yes on Devos.
shame
can you please retire and if not support the president !!!!!!!
Is this what mind was on during DeVos vote.  Pay attention!
beyond disappointed.  Would have considered voting for you in the future.  Not anymore!!! We are watching!!!
why have you sold out? We really need term limits!
billionaires and unqualified people first. America education second.
That's great, @SenJohnMcCain @defense_news Our servicemembers can die in Iraq, Iran & Yemen. STOP TRUMP and Putin's control over him.
don't throw away something that works for something more profitable for the contractors
ok u get your passion for all things military.  Where's your passion for AZ kids, AZ voters? You betrayed us.
why did you vote for Betsy DeVos? How much money did u get from her
You of all ppl should have had the guts to vote against Devos. You are now officially part of the problem.
I am truly shocked by your vote for @BetsyDeVos. You could have been a Rep voice of reason your side desperately needs. Sad.
I am so disappointed in your vote for DeVos. Dark day for American education.
great news is fighting for the American people and standing up against @BetsyDeVos
disappointed you voted for devos
As the mother of combat vets, I respect ur service. I don't respect your DeVos vote for $$. Time for u to go.
What good is that when kids won't be able 2 read and our environment is trashed?
You were one of the few Republicans I highly respected... how could you betray our children like this?
Great! We'll need it with all the wars @realDonaldTrump's incompetence will cause between now & 2021. #Impeach
U shd know what happens when u try 2 act like  a DemoRat.   They still end up hating you and u lose Presidential elections
I wonder what will be left of our famed 'democracy' by then.
@defense news 
Saw them in action during first Gulf War.  Nothing but muscle and teeth!
I honestly felt you would be the man who stepped up and said she is wrong for education. Disappointed 
Forever lost respect for you!
Terrible news! You're a partisan hack who voted to confirm a wildly unqualified Education Secretary.
Lost so much respect when you voted to confirm DeVos
at least you voted for DeVos, that was at least something I'm happy about.
Is that a nickname for DeVos?
so so sooooooo very disappointed in YOU
@SpeakerRyan What will you do to resolve the infamy of the Ninth Circuit ?????
Question: Have you spent the 30 mil you got for posing with ISIS rebels. Yes many know what you've been up to.
Really, John?  I have stuck up for you over and over.  We. Are. Done. with you.  You don't care at all.
shame on you. No balls republican man. #BetsyDeVos
- Bad news for our school kids. You voted for DeVos. Did you give her a receipt for her payment to you? Shame on you!
Hopefully @SenJohnMcCain isn't taking credit.
You're not in the military anymore. You didn't have to fall in line and vote for Devos.
better be something REALLY BIG yr saving yr dissenting vote 4
super disappointed in your confirmation of DeVos. Just when I thought you were beginning to follow your conscious. Sellout.
He got bought from the Govt!
must do more to expose POTUS. 
Senator, he's undermining the press by providing continuous wrong info about everything!
I like war heroes that weren't bribed.  So ashamed of your #DeVosvote
You won't be around in 2021. We won't forget you voted for DeVos. #winteriscoming #midterms2018
Bad News: You were gutless and voted for an unqualified $$ donor to head the Dept of Education. #shameonyou
oh Senator McCain! shame! You chose Party over the children  u have to live with that.
Sir! What could possibly replace it? Ridiculous;)
and with your @BetsyDeVos  confirmation, our nation's students will have the IQ of a warthog. Thanks senetor
I really hoped you still had integrity. My charter school was an ATM with no standards to the owners
Your DeVos vote will be the way you are remembered by all who will suffer under her tenure. Sad.
.@SenJohnMcCain #trumpslegacyisyourlegacy you must stand up for America your country needs you more than your #pathetic party
is that great news? Weren't they scrounging for spare parts out of museum planes??
Thanks for being bought by DeVos
why did u Vote 2 #BetsyDeVos? So all of U keep people uneducated so politician rule us like 3rd world countries.
Great!!  Love that plane.  Can we get @realDonaldTrump to NOT hang around till 2018. #ImpeachPotus45
we're expecting u 2 defend our Edu, many looked up 2 u as father, politician & smart! U let us down 4 supporting#BetsyDeVos.
but will you.... you let us down.
Dear John: just when I thought you were getting your own voice back you go and vote for DeVos. Really?
Short term gain for S Az. Days of manned combat aircraft are numbered. DeVos got her money's worth from you.
Great news! You'll be vacating your seat in 2018!
Great, I hope our meathead children will be smart enough that flying into the ground is a bad thing. #DeVosvote
are you going to use those to destroy the public schools you just sacrificed.
Damn Senator you have more liberal pussy's following you than Republicans...lol
Who cares? Why did you vote for Devos? You're colluding with Traitor Trump to destroy our education system.
But you voted to confirm Devos so who cares? Our children will be too dumb to build, service or fly it.
it's more qualified than Devos to be the Education Secretary.
Sell out!!
Hallelujah. Finally the Flyboys will do want Navy and Marine Corps aviators have always done! Defend the troops
At least we know what your integrity costs John. Voting for DeVos for $$$? It is time for you to retire.
fine aircraft that.
You sold out.
Mr. McCain I respect you as a war hero, but I lost respect for you as human being when voted for DeVos.
you are the problem and not the solution Senator. I will enjoy your defeat in 2018.
you lost my vote today.  We will remember that you sold our children's education to highest bidder..shameful
it might outlast you beyond 2020! DeVos stench will perpetuated
So glad you have great news for us. Thank you for punching our children in the gut today.
@JeffFlake You two are a very big disappointment for voting for the very unqualified DeVos for Ed Secy.  Shame on you both.
apparently you have no backbone #MoneyTalks #PaytoPlay #DeVosvote #BeAshamed
Too bad you don't care as much about CAS for our children. Remember when you used to be respectable? You work for Bannon now.
/ What will it cost taxpayers?  GOP never saw a weapon they didn't love.
Bad news! You confirmed DeVos.
badass plane.
Traitor, Relic, Anti-Veteran, War Monger, Saudi Sympathizer - yes but "Warthog" ? don't be so hard on yourself @SenJohnMcCain @defense_news
Why did you betray America by voting for DeVos
The A 10 would be very useful in the fight against ISIS.
Very disappointed in your yes vote for DeVos.  How can you vote yes on something so blatantly unqualified!
Who fucking cares! We have a TYRANT in the FUCKING NUT HOUSE. Want investigation into Russian/DT hack! ILLEGIT!
so the military got great news, but our kids were utterly failed. Of all the senators, I thought you had guts. #sadday
Great news! You sold out America's children for a 50k campaign contributions. Good job.
I thought you were different. I was wrong...again.
Shut up. We hate you in AZ.
Why did you confirm DeVos?
this is not more important then the unqualified cabinet choices. Shame on you for caving. You know better!

can you do something about this story?  He was a great American Patriot!  Heck of a nice guy too!
brrt
you post this on a day when the GOP senate voted to sacrifice America's children for the sake of party unity?
I truly thought you were a Rep. with integrity. I was holding out hope, Senator. Shame on you for voting against our children
agreed. I thought he was willing to buck party lines to do what was right. I was so wrong.
hopefully you wont, sell out.
knowledge needs to be notice as well as wisdom I bet he has a high IQ straighten up the Congress @SenJohnMcCain
Can it be converted to run on coal?
Terrible news: You voted to confirm Betsy DeVos!
At this rate, thanks to fellow Republicans, there might not be a 2021.
sir, how can you vote to confirm unqualified cabinet nominees? I thought you were a maverick.
yet you do not comment on your paid yes vote for Devos?? Really?
Can you explain your reasoning in confirming #DeVos? I need to know.
a 50k campaign contribution was his reasoning. Awful.
Mr. McCain, I hope you realize the damage you helped inflict on our country today. It will not be forgotten.
shame on you for voting for DeVos today. You were one of the few GOP senators that I highly respected.  So sad
Thanks for seling education to DeVos. I hope her 'contribution' tastes good. TRAITOR !
How much did DeVos contribute to you for the price of your soul? Sellout. @defense_news
50k campaign contributiom
not what the country is talking about. We needed a hero. You let us down
Shut up John.  Pissed at you for voting for DeVos instead of our children.  Shame on you.
you should've voted no on #devos
Great news! Our education system is screwed!! Ur a shill. You chose ur party over your Country. How will you spend that $50k?
who cares, we'll all be dead soon thanks to you.
what she said
That's great.  Even longer than trump!
You really just tweeted "Great News" after your vote for DeVos, that and your vote are shameful
In terrible news, you had the chance to stand up for every child in this country, but you chose your party.
please speak out against Trump's ties to putin. Please put America first
You sold out the people of this country. DeVos is a disaster and you know it.
There is no great news until you impeach Trump and Bannon!
hopefully you won't be in office still...
shame on you Senator for not standing up against DeVos. Kids are put at risk with this mercenary.
what about DeVos though??? Thanks for SELLING OUT!!
Go see if you can find your integrity inside it.
In worse news: you mortgaged the future of public school students to maintain party loyalties!
I'm so disappointed in your vote for DeVos. Thought you cared more about ethics and children than money.
How much did she buy you for?
For $50k.
