That's too bad. Thought we went rid of you.
And not planning to get anything done except  blocking progress
Ur a a great man
This Dem 's you, Senator McCain.
My hat goes off to your Sir! You make me proud when I lost faith in the current GOP party.
Pos
Glad u r healthy but stay home and enjoy your family. Sadly u r not an asset to our Republican Party. 
Welcome back Senator you were missed
IDK, is Sen John McCain having his come to Jesus moment? Uh ooh, could he be the prophet come to deliver his party from evil? Just a 
Not even to the hospital? You're a real hero cancerous one
Cheers to you Senstor McCain!
That's too bad he has represented Arizona and myself very poorly. He acts bought and paid for.
Thank you for your service, sir, but it's time a real conservative had your job.
This is a terrible news.
Thank God your back, sir!
That's to bad
Booo! Lol i hope he is ok though.
That's too bad.  No American Corporation would allow an 80 year old with cancer to run its business.  Please take care of your health-retire

We want him gone & won't be satisfied till he is...
Get something done
Please don't repeal; just fix it. Please.
#TermLimits
"to my democrat friends and some of my Repub friends" senator are you a Democrat now?  Your constituents who voted for you would like answer
With all do respect, in reply to your comment, I believe that he is trying to lead by example in hopes of having both parties work together
Wish he would just disappear!
Senator McCain needs to retire or resign. He made lots of promises to get reelected and kept none of them.
Go away please. I'll pay for u to retire
YOU are a TRUE HÉROS!!!
We've tried to be nice, but enough already. Ur a traitor.  Accept that fact and Don't Come Back.  We have buffoons aplenty in Congress.
Retire old man and let a real Republican serve.
Good for you, Senator McCain! Give them hell. I haven't always agreed w/ your decisions, but you posses integrity & have my upmost respect.
You've got a lot of work to do, Senator.  Glad to see you back.
U kidding me, jeez
BFD. No one cares.
Ultra Ego can't retire? Then die in your sleep.
He'll be going home after the next election.
Thank you sir. We need your voice now more than ever!
Too bad. Retire please
good news!  we need solid statesmen like John McCain now more than ever!
Glad he is in recovery,  sad that he isn't retiring so we can get a real Republican to represent us.
Mr. Mc GIMMICK worst politician on the GOP....the sooner he is dead the better for America, he is the corrupt enemy n terrorist in America
And already turning his back on vulnerable people who need healthcare.
You really should retire.
You forgot to add..And Do Nothing..
Go get them and teach them all what leadership is
You should retire now and enjoy your golden years! Please!
Things don't always go as planned!!
The country is safe. Yippee!
Damn. That sucks.
You should be in prison. Not on capital hill. #TRAITOR

You should be planning you exit
Thank god. We need an adult in Washington now more than ever.
J
Mccain is a traitor to the GOP, and a lier
Now that you're back, take action and do something
@MeghanMcCain @realDonaldTrump @ChrisSalcedoTX  Sen's Robert Menendez & John McCain plan to stay around as long as possible 2 thwart Trump.
Happy to see you back, Senator. Thanks for your serviceNow, get to work
Let's repeal and replace Obamacare like you promised
@AmericaTaxpayers "John McCain is back on Capital Hill - hopeful for quick retirement & return home."
He should remember that Republicans voted into his position
Or planning to do anything - except continue to accumulate wealth on taxpayers back while insuring our continued struggles.
Please retire
Its been the wrong time for 30 years it time for you to go and all the inept that cant accomplish one damn thing
That's really bad news!  Time for John to be put out to pasture.  Congress is not a home for the old, sick, & politically insane.
Please focus on American Interests, we don't need anyother diversions. Try being a TEAM Player.
Term limits and retirement!
Thank you sir 
Sen McCain a mature voice and strong leader among sheep, bigots, and thieves.
This man is just like a democrat in sheeps clothing. You can't trust him.
He should look at medical insurance costs thanks to him working hard for the  people
oh no, go back, you are useless
@realBigBalls @washingtonpost 

I am so glad you are back, Senator McCain.  We need you!
You're an inspiration.  You can't be feeling well, but you know your country needs you more than ever.  Thank you, Sen. McCain.
Only one  1 UNO  uno  VOTE
God bless you!
Rino.   Rino.
God speed! Glad that you are on your feet and feeling better. Thank you for your service to our Nation.
What's the co-pay on these treatments?
Life Expectancy/versus costs?
He Leads the Obamacare coalition doesn't he?
@foxnews
Good. Now let's see how you can continue to screw us over. #songbird
Wise up Rise up Stand up for the American people, Stand up for our President Trump
That's a shame
LOL. WOW. GREAT NEWS IF HE EVER DID ANYTHING.
Couldn't be happier!
Boo
You should stay home and rest.....were better off we you in Arizona.....
It's great he's doing better. But he should retire and spend the rest of his life enjoy his kids & grandkids. May God bless him.
DO YOUR DAMN JOB
And he's not planning on doing anything but expensive dinners with Lobbyists, complain about Trump and want sympathy for his illness
If you're not going anywhere, please support the President.
Doesn't really matter if your there or not. It's not like you're not one of the do nothings in congress.
Thank you! 
You need to retire to wherever traitors go to avoid prosecution. Maybe Vietnam will welcome you as a hero.
you have maybe 10 months songbird...you no longer matter...you are the most hated senator in AMERICA!
How about you fix what you broke! Don't leave this world with arrogance and disdain for @POTUS & US . Do something pleasing 4 GOD. Help us!
This Congress needs a person of conviction and integrity to get things back to regular order.
The owner of the swamp
When u meet our Lord u better have a good excuse why u let us all down,your pride will prove 2 be your worst enemy.Thanks 4 ruining us 
McCain!!!! RETIRE. Time for new blood, someone in touch with reality. Someone who hasn't made a career of politics,AZ def needs term limits
Just retire you RINO
Pls go home!
Please get w the program or retire
Heaven/HELL seems likely...

Hi Mr Dem. all ready to vote against Trump at every turn huh?  u lied to your voters to get reelected sir
People need your help. Do what Jesus Christ will do. Help people defeat trump and his evil group. Kick them back to hell.
God bless
Glad you are back. Saw the Zika research on brain cancer. Showing success in adults. We need you there. Praying for you.
Thank God! Prayers for his continuing health
We need the Maverick more than ever!
McTraitor is probably back to blast @POTUS again and again and again. #termlimits #swampcreature
I'm sure he isn't but he should go away & take Mini-Me Flake with him
Just do your job and support the President
Senator McCain, I believe you have an opportunity to save your party. I don't agree with all your policies, but yours are based on principle
Damn.  Hoping he be gone by now.
Sad for America... biz as usual in the Swamp.
That's too bad
Welcome back! hope you feel up to it. There's lots of destruction to turn around & not many GOP with heart or will to do it.
Too bad. He needs to step down. Only ppl that want him to stay are democrats
Too bad...he should retire
Good news.This gentleman is a brave fighter. I am glad he has returned and send best wishes from the UK to you, Senator McCain.
Voters may see things different
What do they say about bad penny's returning.  Last hurrah? Last chance to kick your party in the groin.
Traitor
That's unfortunate very disappointing. I believed him and I  was wrong to vote for him. He has misled us all by lying 
Has he joined the Democratic Party yet
Like all dictators & profesional politicians obsessed with power & the limelight. McCain refuses to retire.  What a shameful legacy!
Retire Democratic Party "hero".
We need you more than ever, Sir!
a man with so little time left should be spending it at home with family, not screwing over America bc of his personal grudge against Trump.
You showed morality on healthcare. Now, get rid of Trump!
Yay!  Long live Senator McCain!
Go home Democrat!
Hope you're doing okay.
Sad
Welcome back now get in there and make @realDonaldTrump final months pure hell!
A true warrior @SenJohnMcCain
By true warrior, you meant, liberal? Then yeah....
I wouldn't go either don't have to do anything but be in the way and get paid hell they'd have to drag me away
You need to go home dude...you aren't working for the citizens anymore...you have a grudge...you're DONE.
#Maverick
Welcome back senator!
I once voted for you.  Please do not hinder any further progress.
Well he will go away when he loses reelection for being a traitor to the United States of America and a George Soros collaborator
Obstructionist. Just change parties already.  At least everyone will know where you stand.

Love you John!
Great news -
Thank God, you will do the right thing.

He is nothing but a George Soros paid traitor to the American people!
He can go to hell !
Ending Obama's unconstitutional DACA order restores Congress' authority on immigration under Article 1 Sec 8. #RuleOfLaw Get to work, John
RIGHT, SO WILL HE DO ANYTHING, WILL HE LEGISLATE LAW. OR IS HE SIMPLY THERE TO BLOCK TRUMP.
You need to retire with dignity before it's too late
Hope U R rested. LOVED the Vacation pics. Good Luck U R Very Very STRONG
I hope your ready to due your job as a Republican. Give America a chance, support American's. Drain the swamp, Balance the budget.
Too bad #retire
We all know the treatment 4 a glio will affect ur brain negatively. Surgery, radiation. Resign with some dignity.
Worst mistake you could make! Quite while your mind can still lead you to the toilet.

#Arizona man says @SenJohnMcCain should be tried for treason for supporting #AlQaeda in #Syria - to his face!  http://www.mintpressnews.com/john-mccain-takes-unusual-secret-trip-syria/225257/ … 
Show some integrity & resign. Tic Toc
You are certainly entitled to your opinion, but your "tic-toc" comment is the lowest of low and beyond mean spirited. Shameful
You prefer'walking dead man'? Mia Tigah?
That too bad

 
Good to know!
I do hope so. You are a voice of decency and order right now
Good luck to you sir
Let see if he and his buddies can accomplish anything at all, tired of the Swamp.
Would sure love to see this honorable man enjoying a well deserved restful retirement.
Thank goodness! A sane person is back in D.C.!
