you’re literally in a position to help here, and you’re asking your employers to chip in instead of doing your job
Jesus,  has he not been enough? How about giving us folks that are facing our own mortality a break
no, that bitch needs to retire and you need to seriously question your loyalty to that piece of shit
You need to get out of my government. You don't represent American working class.
Use your own damn money John or your wife's. Why don't you setup the kind of foundation like the Clintons. Ppl don't fall for this.
♡
You need to retire!  While you go on your break and enjoy your medical exemptions, we the tax payers suffer!  You're a traitor to the party.
Sorry John, we're too busy figuring out how to afford Healthcare
Anything you are involved with I will avoid!!! 
Relieving Obamacare mandates will help feed 30 million Americans! #SenMcCain
God, how awful. So, near NW corner of Broadway/Extension.
Oh john have a little nap
Trying to make up for thousands of innocent killed all around the world , won't get u into heaven
Animals died in vain 
Guam .. There Going to Bomb Guam... The Inhumanity of it all.. What's next.   Ash Fork...
I help all.  If not for the medical help I receive that we all pay into I would be dead. Nothing means more than giving
MCCAIN, Go the F away
Could Sebastian Gorka be some kind of Russian Agent !!!
Please consider a higher minimum wage nationally so no one has to rely on the food pantry.  Then, if you're feeling magnanimous, healthcare.
LISTEN UP #GOPe #RINOs
RT if you agree We the People 
Have high EXPECTATIONS for Congress to do their job! 

#DitchMitch @POTUS 
…
Listen up, #Trumpanzees.  The Senator is recovering from surgery.  Shut your pie-hole and show some respect!
maybe teach them how to feed themselves?  might work?  oh no that would take effort.
Waste
Last thing purposely poor people need is more obesity.  ENOUGH food already!! 72 billion on foodstamps, churchs, organizations, schools etc
how much did you give
Why don't U and your wife take care of this from all the beer profits?
Please consider policy so we don't relegate so many to charity and leftovers!!
POTUS had nothing to do with the mess in the middle east & around the world- he will clean it up & deserves credit. POTUS got GORSUCH

Please help us. Thanks for nothing American
Please consider helping your fellow Americans. Fully repeal ACA #RINO #traitor #VoteJohnOut
no one is donating to the foodbank because we are all broke from #obamacare. My $2,000/month premium for useless #healthcare. Thanks John!
Did you accept special interests money to not support our President Trump?
SUPPORT YOUR ORESIDENT
Sen. McCain. You speaking up for them will not help their cause.
Maybe in heaven you can finally be president!
How about helping the country, and vote for the ACA repeal. Drop the vendetta against the President it's only hurting Americans
@WalmartGiving is answering your call by donating $5,000 to #fundthefreezer #HungerRelief
Dear John, please retire or just join the democrat party. Please.
they could also use healthcare reform, but you stalled that - nice speech
You have lots of money...why the hell don't you do something...hey, vote out Obozocare n maybe ppl won't have to choose donating or paying
Their premium to avoid fines! You're a Loser!
Really? Sorry after I pay $880 insurance premium not much left. What is yours? You could donate some Soros bucks but I'll do what I can.
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL - SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!
So sad to see your legacy draining straight into the DC Sewer.  You have lost 100% of any REAL conservative values and AZ should be ashamed.
Instead of standing with Americans you stood with the lies and deceit of Barack Obama and the DNC. You are a fraud & a menace
Sir, please help the citizens of this country. Get the nuclear codes away from the maniac in the White House. Thank you.
Stupid bull shit. Like they had insurance right John?
Senator please do one more service for your country and lead the GOP to oust the nightmare sitting in the Oval Office! He's unfit! Simple!
Just like a typical democrat, solve all problems with money, even though you helped create the problem.
No one is going to hep you, you did not repeal Odumbocare!
McCain, please consider helping our president, none of you democrats are helping, when will you cross over to democrat?
Please consider resigning your position immediately and getting the f*** out you are a traitor you using the VA yet for your medical why not
...lol...that picture is flat out propaganda.
AZ's biggest employer is freakin' Walmart.  When the gov't legalizes #CorporateWelfare over voters, food banks are the reality of getting by
I won't help anyone you sponcer. You stab us in the back and cause us all financial pain and now you want us to donate? Give up your wages.
I won't help anyone you sponcer. You start us in the back and cause us all financial pain and now you want us to donates? Give up your wages
Maybe you won't need a food bank if you voted for health care. I bet your very thankful your not on Obama care right now!
Get the money from your rich wife that you suck dry for years
please consider that decades of funneling cash to the richest via republican policies has hurt US
General John McCain: "I will go to Korea... and surrender"
Perhaps take a page from Trump, he has Donated his Entire Salary to help Americans!
Senator McCain, let us all know after you have donated the first $50,000.
How about donate your salary you haven't done a damn thing to earn it
The democrats feel that he has earned it, but the American people don't believe this jerk has earned anything.
Don't they have insurance? Apparently not a backup generator.... I wouldn't give without knowing how they will avoid repeating this mistake
I used to work for Whole Foods now I know Whole Foods was just bought out but they donate or used to donate big time more than any place
Maybe get somebody to reach out to Whole Foods that would be a start
Please consider helping the working poor by supporting the raise of minimum wage and government programs that assist them.
Oh, McCain will, he is a democrat and a socialist.
Everyones gonna be eating at the food bank when @SenJohnMcCain fucks tax reform like he did Ocare repeal. #RetireAlready
Ty Mr.McCain for always looking out for others.
A true American Hero.
Unlike some ignorant people!!
#LoveMcCain
You and your wife on the Monopoly on liquor Distribution in Arizona how much of you donated?
But we have the guns!
It was full of Mexican produce for 6 http://mo.Now  Florida wants to keep it empty all yr.Using NAFTA and Rg & seasonal dmp provisn
Please consider helping your citizens of Arizona with their healthcare. Oh wait you voted no. Thanks Democrat McCain
Let your lined pockets, ur insurance companies spend their billions. WE r struggling to pay for health ins,daily increases by ur economics.
Oh yes , big help coming ,
Ask your friend Soro's !
Low life !
Like @nikkihaley said, "...man made crisis...".
She points to the link between Conflict and Famine. 
So, which side are you on, John? #HERO
Are you sure? POTUS might be in favor of it! Now we couldn't let that happen can we?
How about helping us with Obama care!
So the bigger question is, why didn't they distribute this food instead of letting it go bad?
And now lawmakers could add to the list by eliminating the state funded Food Assistance Program a budget proposal by Sen. Joseph Zarelli, R
You are a U.S senator, you can fix this.
Farmers for years will suffer his hate
Why don't you donate some of the millions Soros gave you to be his traitor puppet
Our own farmers hurt by trump hate
How about making people pay for the food. Then you'd be able to afford the new compressor. #CommonSense.
Hey with thAt 9 million that was found in ya account instead pretending u care why dont u fill them shelfs oh ya why would our gov want to

Much much worse
Legislation that would reform how grocers and food banks work together would be a broad stroke solution to childhood hunger and food waste
How about you donate your 72% taxpayer subsidies for your healthcare plan


Why don't you put some money for them in the federal budget, senator
Why don't you fill it for them with some of that loot from some of those under the table deals!
That;S right!! Lock her up!!


Why don't they contact local trucking companies to donate? Ex- 1 can from a box of 20 could be broken and they reject an entire pallet.
Right now, grocers know the food is still good but have policies that instruct them to throw it away to avoid lawsuits.
What about REPEAL & REPLACE, windbag!!!
You are aware that with all this hate, it is only going to get worse, much worse
Face of a traitor.

McCains best friends, if he has any, are Democrats.
You can fix this: legislation that would allow grocers to donate food that is only slightly expired could feed this country.
We throw away a shameful amount of food each year, & the hungriest bellies in this country are children. This is a solvable problem.
McCain now a do gooder after he blasts our President to CNN, the Trump haters.  Stay out of our district.  We don't like you.  
McCain is out for himself.
Gov. needs to appoint a real republican to replace you!
How about a vote for "food stamps" ?
We don't need more on food stamps or socialism.
Go to it #Arizona. Lead the way.
How much did you donate from your filthy slush fund Soros money?
God bless you Senator
Screw McCain, he doesn't even know what party he belongs to.
Please retire.
Please consider helping our country, resign.
And that's worse.
Not in a million years, buddy.
I'll believe it when I see it, good luck!
