What about Justice Garland???
It doesn't matter how how qualified he is. It is not his seat. This theft will do irreparable harm to the respect of SCOTUS.
.@SenJohnMcCain And this craven power grab will do irreparable harm to the Senate you claim to love. #StolenSeat #SCOTUS #NoGorsuch
Oh, John.   #SAD #Plagiarist #DarkMoney  #KissAss
Did you used to have principles?  I don't remember.
He plagarized, hes not good for individuals, & he was picked by a pres w a35% approval  & under FBI investigation. Good reason to vote NO!!!
If his name isn't #MerrickGarland, he has no business being confirmed. NO HEARINGS while trump UNDER INVESTIGATION FOR TREASON.
Is the word "plagiarism" prominently displayed on that legal record?  You broke the Senate for someone who can't even manage a citation.
What about moral record? 
Have you followed the debates?
NO on Gorsuch.
So many qualified justices out there. Can't we find another or others who has bipartisan support?
His dubious record makes him a undesirable.
Garland has an impressive legal record with a less divisive past. Yet you played party politics and denied him the opportunity
America will be better off with the Smart #Constitutionalist Neil #Gorsuch as #SCOTUS Justice!
About time! Quit riding the rails!
But his record on Women & Healthcare is Horrible!!
Shame on you. I thought you were one of the good guys. Now your tenure is tarnishef
Even if he plagiarized? Disappointed that the GOP standards continue to sink lower and lower. Disappointed in you @SenJohnMcCain!
the little I know is far from impressive.
Would a compromise on the next SCJ break the partisan bickering over #SCOTUS Started with Bork can Garland be the end, please
History will not be kind to you or your GOP ilk. You are no longer relevant.
MERRICK GARLAND.   You hypocrite.
Gorsuch is a plagiarist.
He's not right for the job. He's made too many poor choices in previous rulings. You don't have to lie to placate us.
I hope you don't join in forever damaging the integrity of the Senate by voting for the nuclear option. Find a judge that can get 60!
I have to disagree with you on this one Johnny! Don't support this #presassclown for any reason.
I disagree with you on this sir.
And a perjurer
You've railed against your party when wrong in the past. Stand up for the people, we are the reason you should fight.
no man is above the law. You have certainly fallen in the eyes of the public.
Please do not go against your own integrity and values for someone like Gorsuch. Garland deserves his hearings. McConnel denied due process.
he is a frigging monster in juducial robes. look at his rulings please. get off the GOP bus.
You have a strange concept of "highly qualified" when you plan to vote for a #plagiarist for #SCOTUS.  A #SCOTUS needs to think &read a lot
So was Garland, but u wouldn't even consider him
And his possible plagiarism and voting record don't disqualify him?
No, Mr. McCain.  You and your GOP colleagues are hypocrites.  No trust.
Boo and double boo for bad timing.
You're ok with a nominee by a Prez under FBI investigation? And who is a sexual predator and supports other sexual predators? Really?
you are standing to close to #lyingloser 45 you are staring to lie too.  Be a Patriot #confirmGarland
does not look impressive from where I sit.   Be a patriot and do the right thing
You are putting party over country #nogorusch #youractionsshowyourcharacter
Fatuous A..
He is a plagarist. End of story
Senator, you disappoint me.
Unfortunately bc of the Garland history, they have nothing to lose. I wish GOP senate would just apologize.
you need to start being a republican and playing in the sand box more effectively to mute the losing liberal Democrats
Merrick Garland
Senate tradition, 60 vote threshold, bipartisanship be damned?
... So he can continue the GOP takeover of the USA and any ability for liberals to have any voice in govt whatsoever. Fuck Gorsuch Fuck GOP
You admire plagiarists? You could vote no. You have no backbone.
Act like the man of honor you claim to be, and #StopGorsuch.  You know it is wrong to proceed.  #complicit
Garland was an impressive Obama nominee. Disgraceful that GOP blocked this. You have no integrity on this issue
You are obviously looking forward to once again trashing congressional protocol & destroying opportunity to work in bipartisan ways.
How could we confirm a man that thought it was ok to leave a man in a truck to freeze.he didn't answer enough questions for me.
Do not approve a lifetime appointment off the advice of either a willing or brainless russian pawn.
You look forward to confirming someone nominated by a POTUS who is under investigation for something you consider an "act of war"?
Lies.

Dont be that way McCain. Stand on the truth. It does not evaporate beneath your feet.
He is an activist, partisan judge who decides based on his ideology, & what Republican Party & his donors want him to.
10/2016- "I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up"
No that seat belongs to Merricj Garland and a President under FBI investigation shouldn't get to nominate anyone.
That's b/c you're a white man wearing a business suite.
What was wrong with #marrickgarland
Judge Gorsuch's absolutely abysmal record on women & worker rights is disgraceful & disqualify for #SCOTUS!
U R picking Party over Principle
LETS SET UP A PRISON OF WAR CAMP FOR EVERY PERSON WHO CHOOSES LIFE OVER FREEZING TO DEATH. LETS REWARD EVIL.
Why
That's a mistake and more importantly it's wrong. Merrick Garland deserved a vote.
judge Garland also has an “ impressive legal record”. But, you knew that already
Changing the rules is not considered a confirmation
60 votes please
McCain not too happy with you selling American Internet privacy if im not mistaken
Gorsuch=strong reputation finding against "regular working Americans" in favor of business & the privileged. You are making a BAD DECISION.
The last SCOTUS nominee was highly qualified also. Where were you then? Also, I live in AZ and  am ashamed of you and @JeffFlake.
IMPRESSIVE??!! He learned at the knee of his dad! He's also ANTI CHOICE. Are you? God you make me ashamed to be a Vet
Birds of a feather fly together...fascism relies on other fascists to spread their hate. YOU DONT FREEZE TO DEATH...YOUR FIRED! GOP JUSTICE
Through your crocodile tears at "harming" the Senate. You invoked Reid's crime to justify your own. Hypocrite.
Wrong move John.  Have you even listened to the multitude of voices opposing? You are big talk, no action.  Another disappointment from you.
Why would you do that?  It's still "we the people" not we the corporations!
Why would you confirm someone nominated by a traitor? Please be the hero we need you to be.
McCain. Stop. How horrid of you to think that. What's going on in your head.
Ughhhhhhh! Horrible.
If you think Corporations are people, Company get make you freeze to death or get fired, believe Corporations have religious preference....
Nuclear option is the way of the bully #countrybeforeparty #2018isaHarshMistress #notaheroicmove
You should be ashamed of yourself
Impressive is a word... Not sure it applies here.  Not a favorable impression anyway.
And where was your support for the equally qualified Judge Merrick Garland? You and the rest of the @GOP are all hypocrites!
You disappoint yet again....
#MerrickGarland
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
Please don't. I am your AZ constituent and you know Gorsuch is way too conservative sit for the next forty or so years.
U can't be serious
I had hope in you. Too bad
this is a joke right? The guy is still living in the 1950's. Women won't be able to even vote soon.
Arizona is a moderate state. By confirming gorsuch you are not representing the state
He's bad for women and other humans.
No.  Not until we fix the Russia problem. This will make is worse
I don't know how u can know what u know about Trump and still support this nomination. @TomArnold said we could count on u. Country>Party.
You need to start listening to your constituents. Change the nominee!!!!
Don't change the rules!
You should wait until the Trump/Russia investigation is over.
He has women's rights issues, corporatist issues, and worker's rights issues. Besides he's up for a stolen seat. Pls be fair and bipartisan
Stolen seat. Totally immoral. You know this is just wrong.
Shame on you, Senator. Gorsuch puts corporations over people.  I thought you were better than this.
#MerrickGarland
even with his plagiarism and your treatment of Garland. shameful
#MerrickGarland #StopGorsuch #StolenSeat #NoGorsuch #ChangeTheNominee
If you actually care about Russian intervention in our democracy, you will not approve of any Trump nominee.
and why not judge Garland?
Merrick Garland.
So disappointed to hear that. Thought you were one to stand up for people and what's right. Maybe after Russia investigation notb4
Confirm Garland while you're at it
#HesNoMerrickGarland
You should've spoken out in support of GARLAND but ya didn't.
You should also look to replace Leader Mitch.  It's his little Garland blockade that have the Dems all against Gorsuch.
Garland had an impressive record, too, and you didn't even talk to him.
Really impressive if you like anti-worker, anti-gay, anti-woman and plagiarism.
Stand strong and confirm at all costs, your Democrat buddies would. Elections have consequences. Didn't Obama say that?
Do not use the Nuclear option to confirm
With deep respect, i can't get behind anyone put forward by Trump. Can't we get him out of the WH and start over with Gorsuch?
Merrick Garland's legal record was more impressive.
I lost all faith in you after you confirmed effing DeVos! My disabled child's future is now at risk under that dingbat, and It's your fault!
After the first 95% of your speech, I thought you'd be voting against changing the rules. Seems your vote is at odds with your convictions.
Merrick Garland also has an impressive legal record but you chose to put party over country. You should be ashamed.
You are better than this Senator.

What will you say when an IMPEACHED TRAITOR has selected a #SCOTUS judge?

#FailingGOP
#StolenSeat
Oh yeah?! So does #MERRICKGARLAND! But the lousy @GOP wouldn't even grant him the courtesy of a hearing! No class. Shame on you!
what about his plagiarizing?
Sorry, Senator. You're wrong.
NO SWEAT ! 
JUST GET
NUC NOW!
NOT HOW
GROWING IN
AND WE WIN!!
Thank you Senator for rising above the petty politics the #democrats such as @SenWarren and @SenSchumer are playing #SCOTUS too important
GOP set the precedent, we have good reason to delay vote-RUSSIA investigation!
He is too extreme for 60 votes, get a consensus nominee. Unless you want to do Putin's bidding and destabilize the Senate and US with Trump.
You said tillerson would be good ... look how that turned out. So disappointed it feels like when I found out there was no santa
This is why no one takes McCain seriously on Syria.  Condemns Trump, but votes in his favor.
John McCain you left your balls in Vietnam. Your Country is going down the shitter and you & congress are putting it there.
No! He's a corporate puppet! Greed is running this country!
Nonsense! He is a plagarist. He refused to answer questions, he believes in corporate rights & forced birth! HELP US MR MC CAIN!
and you lost me. 'impressive legal record'? where is your sense of decency at long last? come ON, senator. courage. you've got it in ya.
Even though he apparently plagiarized? And wouldn't meet w/ senators when requested? That's not impressive.
Sad. Time for you to walk away from politics.
U have made some POOR CHOICES IN PAST I.E. SARAH PALIN.  That cost u the PRESIDENCY This is another one that will cost u the respect of 
I take back my recent good comments about you. You are just like the rest of the partisan creeps in DC. I thought you were a different guy.
#NoGorsuch you're doing the wrong thing. @SenJohnMcCain you're bigger than this.  @twwnaz
I don't think any moves should be made while the WH is under investigation.
Just when I start to like you John u revert to a lock step @GOP buffaoon..#MerrickGarland
You also said you were OK with 8 justices if Clinton won.

Memories 
Light the corners of my mind...
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland.
Sorry. He's a corporate, Teflon, plagiarizing recipient od dark money. Please vote no.

Someone who grossly misunderstood IDEA, partly plagiarizes, and takes activist roles asking for cases to be reheard isn't ok.
#JudgeGorsuch
@SenJohnMcCain
I'm not saying you're a bad person, I'm just suggesting that #JudgeGorsuch is not the   judge we need.  this, please.
So you're ignore the plagiarism charge and the voter suppression emails?
What a shock that Gorsuch plagiarized on his book! Oh well, no choice now but to destroy the Senate in order yo confirm him....
Yeah, well, Merrick Garland has an impressive  legal record and is highly qualified as well. But you and Addison decided to screw the guy.
No nuclear option #SCOTUS
That's a big disappointment. Sad udon't care abt the poor working class & disabled.  NO ONE should b nominated until investigation is OVER
The masked money could come from Russia; that doesn't bother you at all?
Being ethical should be a qualification...
No one is denying the qualifications. People don't like his rulings and the fact that republicans obstructed to get her.
You mean besides the blatant plagiarism, racism and sexism?
Why didn't Garland get a vote?THIS SUPREME COURT SEAT IS STOLEN! Stop with the crap. Also he's a plagiarist & not a moderate @SenJohnMcCain
I'm embarrassed for what the Senate has become, and disappointed in your choice to go with the "nuclear option."
No confirmation of Gorsuch until independent investigation of #Trumprussia completed.
If he is that qualified than 60 votes should be no problem. Garland is that good too. Do your job please. Don't change the rules
Please don't!
You are a spinless person you make me sick phoney  Cant tell you how much hatred there is in America right now and you are adding to it
Absolutely
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
Why would you do that? You know he's already in 45's pocket. Drinking orange Kool-aid? We all see you and we will vote you out.
Well, aren't you a disappointment.
please just go home
@JeffFlake GOP #alternativefacts. Gorsuch is a cold-hearted corporate shill nominated by a man suspected of treason. #FilibusterGorsuch
Please don't. Plagiarism, appointment by Russian colluding administration under FBI investigation. Vote NO or require 60 votes to confirm.
What say you about the plagiarism?
Disappointed JOHN. Disappointed.
So was #Garland.  Reap what you sow, Senator.
Did you get a Flake Alpaca cupcake ? You two are so predictable.
Was Judge Garland not impressive enough? Sadly, you sided with pure partisan politics that time so now your endorsement is kinda meaningless
#stolenseat come on you honestly think #PutinsPuppet the #pussygrabberpresident should get a permanent appointment? I don’t!
I sincerely hope that you don't. I will lose all respect for you if you do.
did you give Garland a hearing?  No.
True as this may be, unless the GOP makes amends w/ an apology for their stunt w/ Merrick Garland, this country will not move forward.
even though he was caught plagiarizing?
