We need defend #DACA &push permanent &legal protection to 10M GOOD migrants @RepGutierrez @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenSanders @SenateDems
Never! #AmericaFirst and deport ALL illegals including #DACA. Enough is enough. Americans and their youth need to be put first.
Good migrants contribute to keep great. They're part of community,pay taxes, no criminal records,they . We need +compassion &less hate
That rules out #DACA illegals, eh? Roughly 351,200 worked illegally prior to June 2012, using identity theft and forged docs, i.e. felonies.
Donald Trump was elected because career politicians, like yourself, couldn’t pass toilet paper!!! I doubt you’ll be able to pass this either
Just build the dang fence!
McCain you have no idea what the American people want We have so many homeless veterans, and out of work Americans. Who is looking after us.
When are finally going to switch parties and admit you are a liberal?

Good Job, kick McCain out.
Our own citizens need these funds. We are dreamers, too. Why put ILLEGALS ahead of our own citizens who can't afford college.
Anyone who wants to get educated in the USA will find a way to do it...i didn't met a person yet that said "I wanted to go to college...
...but I couldn't secure founds"...
Unless you’re Native American we’re all immigrants. Thank you Senator for having a heart.
Yes!
Einstein said “We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.” This is the spam expect from you!

#Breaking:#Illegals cost American taxpayers $135B a year:free medical care/education.#Trump #wall cost a 1 time $22B http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/record-135-billion-a-year-for-illegal-immigration-average-8075-each-25000-in-ny/article/2635757 …
I want a wall, illegals deported. I want them off my taxpaying back. We've had all these laws for decades, enforce them. Americans first!
They DACA, need to go back to their country and return the correct way. They know they broke the Law, yet want it all for free.
Americans don't want these people! They are just as illegal as their parents because they could have made it right but chose not to!

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Thank you, Senator John McCain, for standing up all Americans!
America needs immigration reform.
No American want deportations. RINO
Only after the wall is built
I will be glad when your butt is out of Congress !!
Sellout Rino
Exactly!
It ain't you you senile back stabbing bastard you not out for the American people you want to bring us down just like antifa and democrats
Deal with all illegal aliens including DACA through the RAISE Act-include funding for the Wall!  @SenTomCotton @sendavidperdue @SenateGOP
It is time we had permanent immigration reforms&stop the Dems from  using our immigrants as political weapons.@HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Legal immigrants
Real Americans want existing laws enforced and all illegals deported.
In the meantime, House brings up an abortion bill that has no chance of passing the Senate..another waste of time..pass DACA now !!
Is it what your @POTUS  wants John
With a rider that retires ‘Songbird’ now!
Wondering why you have not tweet anything about Obamacare
With a do-nothing, what's in it for me, congress - including giant ego John, not likely.
The hell with daca fix our healthcare and reform our taxes otherwise you will be voted into retirement
Deport them all.
Are you kidding me? You believe polls conducted by WP and ABC?  Send them home with there parents. I love these polls. No body asked me.
Go, John!
Reform John, not free passes. Legal immigrants have fought long and hard, paid a price to get here!!
Yes, is immigrants that do the right thing to enter our country legally. McCain, do you not know there are such people in existence?
Informed Americans don't want it, traitor.
They want our laws enforced and illegals sent home. Your sad Amnesty is not what is wanted.
Deportation.  Period.  What about Kate's Law, Tax cuts, Healthcare???  What do you do all day McCain?
Shouldn't you be doing chemo or something...RETIRE PLEASE
We don't want reform we want our laws enforced.
Working on the Tax Reform Plan and Tax Cuts Mr Senator.
So, what is your position on the horrendous tax plan your party is trying to pass Senator.
X希望早日给我美国的greencard
lies lies lies AND MORE LIES from LIAR MCCAIN...WE DO NOT NEED REFORM, WE NEED LAWS ENFORCED
Senator. We want the wall and enforcement of current law. Once done then we can look at adjustments. Finally, repeal 17th admendment
well, looks like we have 100% asking for a walk so far...
count my vote, WE HAVE TO HAVE THE WALL!!!!!. Can you hear me yet?
You pay for it, you can have it. Wall tax on guns and ammo?
Even better yet, arrest all of the illegals, sell their assets and as penance, labor.
Nah, you pay for it yourself if you want it that bad.
When has our Congress listened to "we the people" on immigration? Oops I forgot Trump won an election by listening to us.
No Amnesty
Not this one, you cheat you go to the back of the line, they do not get amnesty till everyone who had to do it right and wait does
Build the wall and deportation first. Then we’ll talk.
@SenJohnMcCain don't fu..king tell me what's a "must read"
Still trying to betray America? Are you afraid the opportunity is slipping away?
Keep thinking that rino!
The unAmerican weasel McCain trying to push amnesty again. When he's up for reelection he's all about border security. Lying punk.
You are a serious disappointment Sir. The way u betray this country is traitorous. Please retire and seek forgiveness from GOD.
The dreamers that served in the military should get to stay and get citizenship
Support the wall first - then address DACA.
Bullsh**!
You should have supported Hillary Clinton, you're party is on the wrong side of this issue. Quit the GOP.
Nobody wants to give anybody a win. We have to talk consensus rather than winners/losers.
Send them away WE THE PEOPLE DO NOT WANT THEM
@POTUS What Americans want is a WALL & NO Amnesty to Illegals, period. Deport all illegals & have them apply legally. NO to Amnesty.
You don’t speak for us  you speak for the devil 
While here pay for education ,go on welfare deported, sanctuary cities bared by Congress, laws making easier to deport, Congress do your job
Please retire yesterday 
Retire McCain, we no longer trust you!
Speak for yourself – at Old Vegas Ranch
He did and for me..
You need to step down.
Reform: no citizenship work permit only, no relatives, back after deportation 5 to 10 yrs,Back taxes, in illegally back of line, no benefits
Plot twist I’m American and Mexican and I don’t want this..soooo
Hidden from public most dreamers in late 20's early 30's, if made citizens parent's and relatives would be allowed in they must be sent home
End DACA! No extensions! No amnesty! No citizenship! No chain migration! No benefits! BUILD THE WALL!
I wish the servants of the people would listen to what Americans want. I am concerned we would do something to help deport DACA families.
Polls day of election put Hillary as our President basing story on them is ult left propaganda which you have fallen for time and again
Please retire John
RINO
Must read please go away John McCain
I wanted you for my President.
Most Democrats would agree with you. This guy is not a republican he is a #Fraud
Americans want: NOT 2 PAY, HealthCare, Housing, Unemployment, SS, Education, Food Stamps for any Illegal or their family members. Not Ever
No only a small number of DEMs and those illegal immigrants that were protected by an illegal executive order!
Same pollsters that predicted Hillary win? DACA did not vet all applicants. And most recipients have not started process.
There isn't enough soap in the world to clean you of your filth McCain.  You've proven a traitor of my country USA.
So, as usual, our problems stem from Washington pols trying to appease their donor’s wishes!  Time to clean house and boot them all!
DACA people thanking America.
#songbird
Thank you for this :-)
Only big government liberals want this.
Article closes with: "Will our political leaders muster the courage to do what the public wants?" A "GOOD READ" for members of Congress!
well if you support it, I don t!! kinda like the POTUS , he supports something and you don't!! please retire
Just more sounds coming from your blow hole. Been there 30+ years and no accomplishments.
Just RETIRE, and fade away Brutus.
Thank you Senator, we do need a way for the dreamers to become citizens.
Steve, and others look up what DACA is. There is no test to take. There is no path to take.
DACA requires an $495.00 application fee for the right to work,go to college. AND pay taxes. DACA is not a free ride.
They do not and can not receive gov assistance. Even after serving in the military they still have no path or test.
Ya John be a Democrat get it over with........
He’s in bed with chuck the clown
Deport the parents and the kids they illegally brought in.  Let the kids hold their criminal parents responsible. Your Nazi plans will fail
You wouldn’t know what Americans want if it slapped you in the face!  You don’t care about us!
SEND THEM BACK WE NEED TO DO A CLEANSED IN THIS COUNTRY THEY POURING BY THE MILLIONS END DACA
Before you know it, deadline comming.
The reform that Americans want is called #DrainTheSwamp
Retire traitor
Like so many issues, @SenJohnMcCain, the (mostly) white boys inside the beltway bubble are totally out of lockstep with the majority of America, whether it's this or Gun Control or Health Care and on and on.
That’s right- don’t forget to use the race card. If you do it right you can shut down any discussion.
Your reputation is already as good as dead.
Americans don't want it that's the promblem  think about Americans first not the damn Votes
Read the story first
