You caused this & death of many American soldiers your admiral daddy helped cover it up & got you your pardon from Nixon
Then you became senator and sealed all your records so no one would discover the truth. We all heard your Tokyo Rose recording #songbird
You are a Soros puppet and warmonger. Helped create ISIS with Killary. Lobbied Russia for donations to your foundation.
You've taken donations from Saudi Arabia & helped CIA get weapons to rebels controlled by Al Quida
Dana watches too much Fox Entertainment.
Any REPUBLICAN who votes for mccain is also a dimacrat
Trump University student?
THANK YOU.  Trump has destroyed the integrity of the Republican Party. I am a 60 yo life-long Conservative. Officially changed DEM.
Not buying that you were ever a true Republican!
Not buying that you are a true person!

Being loyal to TRUMP is being loyal to RUSSIA. John McCain is a TRUE PATRIOT. God bless the USA! 
Shame on you. SHOW SOME DANG RESPECT TO OUR VETS & WAR HEROS. A draft-dodger has no business badmouthing anyone who has served our Country.
AgentOrange is not a Republican. 
He's a crook, thug and CON MAN
selling America out for personal gain. 
Cannot wait to see him locked up.
What is he personally gaining? He even donates his salary as Pres to vets. Suppose McCain would ever do such a thing? Not on your life! POS
JOHN MCCAIN IS A TRAITOR!
Two words for you: death panels. Please sign up for Obamacare & pursue your treatments as a 40 yr old father of 3 children earning $50k/yr.
Then, assume $10,000 in the bank - maybe just a retirement fund.  Now, keep lowering that income # until you hit medicaid eligibility.
Now recall all the lifelong cadillac medical care you needed and imagine  your access & treatments under Medicaid or the VA.  i wish it 4 u.
...and for your wife and children.  You "my friend" have put millions of good hardworking Americans in that postion.  Shame on you.
The liar RINO!! Just more proof he is just out to oppose POTUS every step of the way because of his hatred & jealousy of him
He started it.
He has met KARMA. POTUS was right, he is no hero. Vile, traitor who really is a Dem. disgusting
Do the right thing.
McCain ignorant killed those men.Playing around with afterburner and ignited bombs on planes.Murderer NOT hero
So f over your party for strictly for vengeance awesome
Believe me, even Repubs are breathing a BIG sigh of relief that monstrosity of a HC bill didn't pass.
Therefore he gets a pass for not representing his constituents well? 
Damn......too bad.
I'll find the name of the man who served on that ship who told others.He  told a reporter years ago.Mccain=fraud
interview others on that ship & they will tell u the truth.Mccain killed those men playin around with afterburner
McCain was always playin around,Causing scenes of http://destruction.Men  who served with him all say the same
A hero to this day. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your leadership and courage during this crucial time in our Nation's history.
Laughable
McCain should have had dishonorable discharge if wasn't 4 his admiral father who constantly saved him.Mccain is a traitor
it was McCain fault.Turning on afterburner showing off & caught missiles on fire.He Dady admiral covered 4 him.POC
You should be forced to use the VA for your medical care and die before you can see a doctor like our vets. Coward.
October 26, 1967, piloted by John McCain's plane was shot down in Vietnam by a missile S-75....
Haha!! YOU caused this!!!!

Trump still lying on Russia

Sen McCain:  Russia attacked American Democracy
You have endured so much in your life I want to again thank you for your vote, had this bill gone through it would have taken my childs life
A legacy ending with getting even with @POTUS and patronizing the Senate while Obamacare burns. #SWAMP @GOP
He is a sick mf.
AZ HAS HIGHEST OBAMACARE PREMIUM INCREASES IN THE USA but it was more important to stop @RepSenators just to GIVE @POTUS THE FINGER. #SWAMP
He's definitely part cat!
I am sick of you Mr. McCain and you are no hero to me, maybe at one time but since you have faltered many times and that is what I think now
Agreed!

This is pathetic & low class. You people are the swamp.
Only people can't afford Obamacare because DNC created a health ins. Monopoly so prices go up up up! #recallMcCain #arizonarecall
Darn
Arizona needs to recall this corrupt selfish politician working with DNC https://twitter.com/Tombx7M/status/891305575392391169 … #MAGA
More Than Bank Fraud
#wakeupAmerica #cashinin #tcot #ccot 
Like a good RINO TRAITOR you made sure you followed orders given to you by Biden
REG-U-LAR OR-DER

You are a hero of today, Sir. Never mind 50 years ago.

but but wasn't this caused by Mr. McCain's recklessness. Seems he hasn't changed.

Military silver spoon
Didn't start the chain of events with his hotdog wet start on his aircraft?

Trump the #westie you are a hero. Top Dog the draft dodger was deplorable when he criticized you for being captured. You serve with honor
The real #McCain #traitor

1967, John McCain used a wet-start to "shake up" a pilot. He started a fire that 134 sailors lost their lives.
https://sck.pm/Cf  
Why are u tweeting this? To try to make Americans forget how u voted on HC? Nothing will make us forget that! U are no hero! #BenedictArnold
Interesting closing since you caused it
Written by John mccain publicist.
Bad timing.
We cannot get rid of John (the RINO) McCain soon enough.
yes and he started it.
Time for you to retire.
Yeah and he's been on our dime ever since doing squat !
Lets hope soon a blessing will fall upon us and McCain leaves Congress!
That sucks
Based on your behavior I don't believe you at a hero.  U don't act like one!  We will vote u out.  You should resign.  Be ashamed!
Burn in hell John.
Why have you betrayed us?
Boswellic acid has been indicated in apoptosis of cancer cells, in particular, brain tumors and cells affected by leukemia or colon cancer.

You mean esacaping accountability ....right!
And your point is?  Nixon pardoned you for treason.

What about the time you let 2 bombs go on your ship? McCain was the direct cause of 133 deaths on his own ship, and was never reprimanded!!
You caused it then daddy transferred you. Try Obamacare then SS. No more pensions and excepting yourselves from laws we the people live with
You make me sick McCain! #TraitorMcCain
Barely escaped the Academy.  His dad saved the drunken bum.
John,  you caused this HUGE FIRE and all of those DEATHS...
McCAIN THE HERO NEARLY SUNK AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER & KILLED 134 SAILORS
He ran away, he left his comrades and the enemies caught him. Trump is right, McCain is not a war hero.
john mccain caused the inferno on the USS Forrestal and got away with murder!! 
You started it, from all I've seen. Got transferred to "O" boat squadron to dodge investigation... Way to go, Songbird
Apparently he has brain damage from that.  He can't decide if he is a democrat or a republican. Get your act together McCain.
Yeah right
Narcissist
He cane home a treasonus traitor not a hero! @potus @TEN_GOP @AZGOP
McCain is a war Hero no matter what Trump says
Idgaf anymore.. Keep playing the victim you traitor
God will punish you for the shit you've done, twatwaffle McCain
Too bad, America would have been better off if you were killed with your crewmen
@POTUS was correct in saying #McCain was no #Hero he needs to #resign @SenateGOP he was crazy before the cancer no excuse for his stupidity
You, SenJohnMcCain, are a war hero to this Dem. And a thoroughly decent human being. I know you will beat this latest horror. A true PATRIOT
You do realize there are still people alive that know the truth. You aren't the only one that made 80
Nixon pardoned McCain for TREASON  and records were sealed. IF you were such a hero why were your records sealed?
McCain didn't follow Navy SOP when shot down in the Vietnam war. Broke shoulders, arm & leg in crash NEVER TORTURED. SONGBIRD.
Was the Tom Cruise Maverick character in Top Gun patterned after McCain? Obstinate, reckless. Minus the accidents.
The REAL version is McCain was preforming a "WET LAUNCH" and flames hit the missiles.
Hearing this was your Daddy's version. Can't have the grandson or son of big Navy Admirals seen as RECKLESS!
Well thanks for your service in military, but I can't stand your elitist attitude toward hard working Americans. You sir are a liar!
The sen.should step dn.# brain dead
McCain caused this incident. 
Also the truth on the POW's plight needs to be highlighted:
FORGET THAT NOW YOUR LEGACY IS HOW YOU KEPT OBAMACARE FOR THE USA, THANKS FOR NOT HELPING WITH MY CARE GLAD YOU HAVE INSURANCE BENEDICT FOOL
Rocket did not hit McCain’s craft, only actions by the pilot could have caused a bomb to fall from McCain’s Skyhawk.
This is intelligent replies. Sounds like people who thinking of themselves and whining and name calling for not getting their way.
Understood in any language. How many read and understand the skinny bill? I'll wait.
Obamacare will be repealed and replaced eventually, but people would always remember you as a Loser and a Traitor, not a Hero! #MAGA
If you would have SHAME, you would have died by now.
..he hit the button that released his live bombs onto the deck of the Forrestal KILLING 133 sailors, then ran .."
Traitor and Liar. You must be very proud of yourself selling out the American poeple and fellow soldiers, veterans, KIAs, MIAs and POWs.
Did you really just post a newspaper article about yourself?!? Is this guy nuts????
and I had a motorcycle wreck 43 years ago that almost killed me ... didn't make the news of course
Sen. McCain, your a Patriot, despite what everyone else says.
McCain caused the fire and deaths. The real John McCain http://www.fourwinds10.com/siterun_data/government/fraud/elections_campaigning/news.php?q=1217103060 …
United States is very lucky that you did not die that day
YOU SHOULD HAVE GONE TO PRISON #THE KEATING 5 @SenJohnMcCain
who blew up the ship
Johnny did
I have been on the USS Fireastal many times. This still doesn't excuse how you let down @POTUS and all Republicans. You should be ashamed JM
We are seeing the connection with democrats now.  Dossier just happened to be put on your desk?  BS
Johnny is a dimme agent
He caused it.
You destroyed your legacy.
But saved his ass in #Hanoi #HanoiJohnny #NoHero #SongBird #Discrace
A provable lie

Recall McCain starts!!! He is unable to serve!!!!!
To bad, could have saved this Country from his so called ethics! Recall McCain!
McCain you need to bow out!  You are full of hatred and it is going go destoy you!  You do.not give a damn about this country!!
@my. You need to look into his past just a little bit more!!  I do not respect this traitor .
Mega respect. But did you suffer from brain damage since you were 6 or 7 or 8? Remember all the faces.
Why would you post this? So that we can understand why you backstab the Republican Party up with your vote on healthcare?  and  cross over
One foot in the grave and still he is an idiot.
Thank you for all you've done and continue to do to serve and protect our Republic and Constitution. God bless you.
Wait wut?
McCain lies to get elected. Takes calls from top Dems then votes with them against America. Traitor who was pardoned by Nixon. Benedict
Therefore: No less than another 50 will do.
Let's take a closer look at it shall we ? 

https://youtu.be/stwwLi0w428 
I believe u r the most courageous man of my lifetime. Thank u for your example. Praying for your healing
Should've stayed in Vietnam Traitor McCain

@SenJohnMcCain , thank you for your service, your heroism, and your patriotism.
You'll be seeing George Soros up close & personal in the afterlife.
You really should just go away #traitormccain
you were a disaster then and you are one now.
John, I think it's time for you man up and tell AMERICA the rest of the story on how you got over Hanoi in the first place. The Fleet knows.
You are a true patriot sir
And a few years ago, he took the opposite position on transsexuals serving in the military.
Resign 
Don't want to hear it, that dog doesn't hunt anymore John
Traitor
There you go honk your own horn
And your legacy will now be known as senator john mcCain. Hahahahaha. Some hero
You wrecked two planes, killed 164 people, sang songs in Vietnam and betrayed the American tax payer you are not a hero....
It's ok the grim reaper found you now 50 LATER via Brain cancer. It sucks yes but no respect or sense of loss for what you pulled HC VOTE.
Thanks for self promoting your life. Very Nobel of you.
Great news 4 ur RINO life, Planned Parenthood sent u a cape. Now u can wear it proudly & stop pretending u r a Conservative.

Traitor!
You failed the American people again
He also escaped death by giving secret military information to our enemies resulting in lives being lost and was group pardoned by Nixon
SENATOR McCain  GOD KEPT YOU ALIVE FOR A PURPOSE ,!TO SERVE GOD AND OTHERS !GOD WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP YOU ALIVE FOR THAT VERY REASON!
Hero then , Disgrace now!
Prayer for your swift & full recovery. Thank you for your service, and recent speech. Don't always agree with you, but I respect you greatly
Do not do this. Retire and choose a dignified death. Don't leave your current legacy for your family

Pathetic John McCain Campaigned On A Promise To Repeal Obamacare. This Week He Voted To AGAINST Repeal!…
He also barely escaped death when he was convicted of Treason for collaborating with the North Vietnamese while a prisoner of war. Traitor!
McCain was known as the songbird in Vietnam  , MSN have covered for his cowardice . American  traitor !
think so. I hope your plan works so millions of American people can stop suffering with the cost and deductable we r paying
You have lived a remarkable life so far sir!!... let's just say, it hasn't been boring.
The grim reaper is coming for johnny.
My brother served on this ship the difference between him and Sen McCain is my brother has integrity!
Arizona and the country with increases as high as 112% in Az. Alone and many in U.S. with no insurance. Co.  To chose from. I just don't
Seen. McCain I wish you nothing but well in your treatment for cancer but are u sure that u did the right thing in your healthcare vote for
Stop it u a TRAITOR John which means when they held u it was prob. For a good fkn reason .and where did @MeghanMcCain cum from great person!
