how can you of all people stay silent on Trump selling out US - and Ukraine - to Putin? #atputinsrequest
Tillerson: "At the request of President Putin, the US has appointed...Special Representative for Ukraine, Amb Kurt Volker." #atputinsrequest
Do NATO have list of archievments for Ukraine membership in this organization ?
Omg... this guy all he wants r sanctions removed so Exxon can drill in Kera Sea!!! He has no staff ... no experience... & I don't trust him!
We need you to defend free press and intelligence community not sit silent
It is encouraging that the best qualified people are selected. Certainly not a community rabble rouser.
No he won't. Tillerson out ball in Russia's court

Wow!  A positive remark on @POTUS ?  Are you ill? or just looking for more publicity Senator!  Truly disgusted w/ur seeking attention!
Now what are you doing to get rid of sick #potus ??
Trump just sold out Ukraine to Putin. Are you not paying attention John??
Seriously? They are destroying our democracy at the G20 & that's your comment? Wow, the GOP is FILLED with stupid these days! Get a grip!
Destroying???? Really...u sd get a grip!!
Nope. Already destroyed.
He's hates Trump. Will do all he can to keep him from getting his agenda done. He's evil. Why does he keep getting elected?
SHAME on you to not take on out #trumprussia #TREASON crisis! I also admire @vkaramurza and you also were a hero who I thought cared. NOW?


5) The lawyer that Trumpkins secretly met w/ was Natalia Veselnitskaya – who was working on behalf of Russia to kill the Magnitsky Act 
Until they find HIS Russian connection!
You should've been one
It seems you stopped speaking out on Trumps behavior related to Russia since your wife is working in the administration.  We need your voice


Oh yeah I feel real safe with... trump, Tillerson,Ivanka & Kushner... ....  nooooo
The best thing you can do for America at this point is to retire.
You have stooped so low to fall in line with Trump. You should be ashamed of yourself.
So when do u speak up for America, John? When do u tell Trump it's not Russia's country? When do we respond to Russia hacking our democracy
To bring peace to Ukraine the Russian troops would have to pi** off first. But with Putin's pet in the White House there's no chance.
POTUS with Putin mocks free press. Stand up for American people
Are you going to denounce Trumps love affair with Putin? The man is clearly insane and you and your party are enablers
George Soros caused all the turmoil in the Ukraine. You know it and you are owned by him.
so the annexation will stand and your ok w that? WEAK!
,According to Lavrov, Trump told Putin some circles in America were "exaggerating" allegations of Russian interference in the US election
Just what the F is going on here
For that to happen, Ukraine would have to put head in sand re Putin's intentions - just like Trump does. Unlikely
After Trump refused to personally & directly confront Putin? He's a laughing stock in Russia!
https://goo.gl/liKUTy  #journeeinternationaledubaiser Sauf qu'il n'a jamais existé.... Jamais. Moi aussi ça m'a fait un choc.
John FOCUS and start working 4 the people,  REJECT TRUMPCARE!
How a #warmonger can end a war?! Volker is responsible for #Iraq disaster. He comes to do the same in #Ukraine?
Get rid of Weak Inept POTUS. We need a Leader who will protect the American People not a Egoist whose #1priority protecting his insecure ego
Lead Congress to Enact Massive Economic Sanctions that will make Putin's head Spin. FreezeAssets Halt CommerceEnact TravelBanSupplant NatGas
CyberAttack on USNuclearPowerPlants Demand a Powerful Response Forget CyberWarfare US&Allies have huge EconomicAdvantage MakeRussia a Pariah
Republicans need to become American Patriots and Stop Russian Aggression If not then You are Treasonous Accomplices to Aggression to hurt US
You do realize that we just got played... right?  
So... have you been paying attention to Hungary recently, Johnny boy?
What does it matter when POTUS is caving to Putin in public?
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan 's priority implement #Minsk agreement,economic reforms,stability will help Ukraine's growth....
Kremlin pool reporter posted this image of Trump handing Crimea to Putin.
The only time that orange baffoon was correct was when he said you are not a hero
Volker is a Russian spy, you John just don't know that LOL
Dear john I just feel for the elites globalists so much after all we are one love if only their was something to distract the masses not
War something else I don't like blocked UFO files or perhaps some et alien disclosure information
Does any republican care about people?  More than money?  #AskingForAFriend

NEW: From researchers at George Washington University: Senate Trumpcare would cost 1.45 million jobs by 2026.
http://e.infogram.com/the_better_care_reconciliation_act_economic_and_employment_consequences_for_states_exhibit_5 …
Obviously you continue to be a Toady of Trump.  Just look at tour voting record.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq3YdA4Mb84 …     
Trumpcare benefits insurance companies and rich investors.  It's not a health plan and we all know it.
If you want him then I don't. #retire
Arizona is a long way from Ukraine.
Volker is a defense industry war monger. Horrible pick. Tax payers shouldn't have to fund this crap.
Senator McCain your party has elected a mob boss to be President. Just like Putin and he is destroying American democracy
Hey, Johnny, your pal Donny is working with his BFF on spying now!!! You must be so proud!!!!
Peace that does NOT include annexation by Russia!
If Putin withdraw Russian troops, Russian terrorists and Russian weapons from Ukrainian land, Ukrainians will get their peace.
Mr McCain you believe or not but it's very easy to bring peace in the Ukraine.
Any Peace - I understand Russia is trying to regain their 100 years of USSR back but at the Worlds expense to 3 Blind Mice mentality by GOP
You're right!We need to support Ukraine and follow through on our commitments to them. Russian expansionism will only get worse if we do not
Great negotiator UNLIKE you!!!
John, not with what Trump did today.  Why weren't you in that room?
Trump and the GOP are traitors to our country.. jail is the only place for you.
How about we get some ambassadors and a functioning State Dept.
If you approve…there's got to be a snake  in the grass!!
And McCain is silent on Putins denial of Russian hacking?
I'm relieved to hear your confidence in Amb Volker. Lord knows we need all the talent we can tap to offset POTUS' fanboy obsession of Putin.
Senator, you have to do better than that to make a case for anyone. This is petroleum politics only. Oil is 19th century- not future.
We were counting on you to help save our democracy
McCain left his courage in the jungles of Vietnam.
Are you working to return Crimea? Or will that be Putin's reward for help in the last electipn?
Hey Maverick.  Make a comment on POTUS selling us out to the Russians today. You used to be a hero, now your lumped into that disgrace. Sad!

Did you get approval from President Putin on that?
Same Volker that is on your pay to play world order scheme?
Sir... How can you even SPEAK today unless it's to DEMAND the removal of a TRAITOR from the WHITE HOUSE!!!!! #FuriousAmericans
And let's thank DJT for putting an arm around Putin for a job well done! (Except for hacking stuff...elections power plants... nuclear)
As long as you stop bad mouthing @POTUS when you travel abroad, like you did in Syria.  We dont need another war McCain.
How can you support an peace that didn't have to happen to a Sovereign Nation -- that's bull shite! It's all about Exxon Oil ... Everything!
We hope it is the right way To find a solution to this crisis ....
So sorry Senator. Have always liked/trusted your opin. But now, with ur wife working for DT, it is hard to believe you are objective anymore
After a long career there is absolutely no reason for Senator McCain to capitulate to Trump & insane Reps. Unless he's with them. He is.

Capitol Police: 43 protesters arrested as disability rights activists conducted a "die-in" to block hallway near Sen. McConnell's office. 
How do you feel about our president's chumminess with murderous Putin?

the side-by-side 
I saw the news this am. Was busy to tweet it out . Love the choice.

Blood on the floor outside of Leader Mcconnell's office as protestors are physically being removed. 

Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 
You must be so pissed that Potus and Putin are going to make the world a better place. Together. Now retire before you are prosecuted

.@SenateMajLdr is going to kill us! 

Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 
Love it!
Please retire. U lost respect from many a vet.

Protester ripped from her wheelchair and carried off

#NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare 

Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
KKK = DOMESTIC TERRORISTS 

PUT THEM BACK ON THE LIST.
@bamabelleng We might have to include the attorney general!

This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 

Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. 
