And they have it with President Trump.  And the wonderful military leaders backing him
Are you listening @realDonaldTrump?!? You need to listen to veteran leaders like Sen McCain. They know more than you ever will!
Seriously the man that sang like a canary was a traitor to his country bombed his own ship left his first disabled wife oh yeah true hero
That doesn't mean he's wrong! Trump has a LOT of bad baggage too but that is irrelevant in this conversation. McCain is right!
McCain is wrong he is doing it cause he is mad .not to help us cause he wants to get back at Trump 3 times McCain ran 3 times he lost
Trump is the liar. HIS words have been caught on tape many times followed by different actions.
Trump wants to do the best for the American people he's trying to drain the swamp in Washington McCain is part of that swamp
McCain only lasted in the service because of his grandfather and his father no other reason he would have been kicked otherwise
And how long did Trump serve?!?
He needs to be removed from office..he's mentally incompetent and unfit!
No anyone tries to remove him the 65 million people that put him in office that will back president Trump
Hahahahahaha  You're dreaming!
No snowflake u are Democrats are destroying our country
And McCain did not care for the people only himself he just wanted to get back at Trump and that's evil
Indeed, they do! Any idea as to where that leadership is going to be found?
Why did YOU not says this when Obama was in office. Seems like, not it is like you are a liberal in the SWAMP
We haven't had "Leadership" for the last 8 years! You allowed Obama to destroy us from the inside. Now you talk leadership? Typical.
Hey John What have you been doing the last 3 decades in the senate?  EZ to point fingers HUH? U r a powerful man and u do nothing  U R fired
Exactly, that is why you should retire... nothing positive has ever escaped your lips when it comes to the Trump administration.
How many years have we been there and YES, WE FINALLY HAVE A PRESIDENT THAT IS A REAL LEADER!!! NOT YOU SUCCUBUS COWARD!1st
John, you really need to consider retiring.
They sure as hell won't get it from you RINO.
John, John, John - please don't act like you care or know.  Just tell us how many POWs and US NAVY sailors deaths you personally claim.
You can blame lack of leadership on Obama aka Chicken Little.
Somebody needs to figure out how to fill jobs at state Dept. On the Brink of WAR! Deadly potus
@POTUS @SenTreyGowdy CAN YOU  FOR MINUTE? 16 yrs @ WAR  TROOPS DESERVE SMART RETHINK.  NOT A GENERAL OBAMA REHASH. 
Thank you for your service, and sorry for your illness. But you had your shot at being POTUS and lost. Now get behind the man who won.
Retire pleeeease
Dear Sen. It is very sad to see you going senile. You are the best argument for term limits.
and President Trump is the VERY best................
True. That excludes you
Why wasn't there any leadership from DC for the past 15 years???? Bush failed, obama failed, YOU are a complete failure Mister War !
http://usasupporttrump.info/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-out-about-what-he-did-to-men-he-was-in-captivity-with/ …
No, they need to get the hell out. 15 years is enough
No...we need RINOs like you to retire so we can get a Senator who is not taking money from Soros and one who actually does his flipping job.
Yes they deserve better than a traitor senator that backstabs his president every chance he gets! Do the US a favor and retire!
I'm turning my back on you , just like you do to OUR President !
Shut up old man. You've had 16 years pushing more war. We're done with Rhetoric and lost lives. Time to act! Get out of the way!
That's why you should either retire or let the brain cancer run its course. We need new leadership in congress.
I agree, John, so please resign.
They have it
They deserve more than a "wet start" back stabbing senator.
Sadly, there is no leadership in Washington, only a bunch of white Nazis in the WH - trying to overthrow our republic...
Unfortunately that is not business any more your President, for him his business first!
.they deserve to be out of Afghanistan! why are they still there getting killed b/c of some lunatic in the White House?
American Armed Force men and women in Afghanistan need to come home; DC is just mostly monsters
Well it won't come from you..."that I can tell you"
Was there leadership over the past 8 years Senator McCain?
Go away
You know you're going to die soon right? Act tough all you want but that cancer is going to win.
I don't remember you advising Obama on this.
Yeah. I think the President of the United States deserves your loyalty and leadership also! You got beat. Deal with it and help Americans.
The American people deserve a Republican Senator when they vote #Republican.
MCCAIN TRUE BUT TALK ABOUT REAL ISSUES. SENATE NEED TO THEIR JOB & GET BACK TO WORK!
What is the purpose of this positioning of forces?

16 years with no end in sight & 2400+ precious lives lost, billions wasted.We are there to protect what? Democracy? Freedom? is it worth it?
Why spend more blood and treasure.  Let it go
Stop with the wars. Haven't you had enough?
That's precisely why America elected the president we did.
You have a really bad voting record regarding handicapped vets.  Obama's record is better! And he hates the military.
You have no credibility. You should be removed from all committees until you decide to be a team member of the @SenateGOP senate.
Wow you voted against so many veteran bills! You said you have a perfect voting record in public when challenged and lied to a large crowd
john mccain you are a traitor and a liar and we all know you buddied up with russia-hell is hot
Thank you
Wow! Your voting record.  How embarrassing for you.
Voting you out!  We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  U have great health care but deny us. U voted to keep Obamacare
Retire so we can get real leaders! You do nothing but grandstand & throw your voters under the bus for a 10 minute news segment.
Good thing Trump is the President of the United States.  He is more of a leader than all Republican Senators, most of them are blowhards
Why didn't you issue this statement years ago? Look what Obama was allowed to do to our troops. Shameful!
That's a Specifically Available Strategy.  And really powerful. You have my support.
go away snake, full of hate
John McCain will switch to the Dems just to block trump
This might Coe as a shock you are not president Trump. Yes you do have a sense of humor nice that you can laugh with us about you
Why dont we start with sending Ur kids there first instead of America's kids. Ur a warmonger who wants 2 destroy America Sovereignty
...our laws upheld 4 everyone&we need our Constitution upheld.We need that 2 matter again. We need REAL Republicans 2 do whats right!PLEASE!
So please b a hero 1 more time & help save our country from this siege!We don't want a dictator,we want what we've all fought 4.We needs...
Trump&his gov. minions can't b allowed 2 destroy all we've accomplished in the last 80yrs.Hes even got propaganda tv, thru Fox,etc&Sinclair!
First you stoked a coup against Ukrainian  Potus, gave rise to Russia tension now warmongering for more death ! Retire !
