Done listening to you, John.  You have shown yourself part of the GOP cancer on our democracy #RESIST #impeach #Twitlerstooge #SAD
Its funny SongBird McCain, the last 2x U visited Syria, Chemical weapons were used against the Syrian people shorty after
one of WH List of Achievements was they destroyed 100% of the Chemical Weapons in Syria! how do we know Assad wasn't set-up.He was in 2013!
Reading a lot of trolls here.Some get paid to say the things they write, others just follow. Truth of matter is we are needed in the world.
Not trolls buddy, american citizens.
There is plenty of military talent that is much smarter than you McCain in the Trump Administration. Stop undermining and participate. TEAM
When are you going to realize your NOT president and HRC is out? 
You are a warmonger for $$$.

Makes you feel so safe in the world knowing that the warmongers are back in charge ..not! they have destroyed Iraq, Libya & still same crap
If Washington was gas bombing your hometown with your children dying, I wonder who you would scream to come and help you? RUSSIA? CHINA? WHO
@GOP You guys are useless. How long have you had the majority and still not accomplished anything. Does @POTUS have to do everything? #DTS
Yourself and other Neo cons advocating for 120-150k us troops and world troops absolutely appalling after war since 01 yourself and others
Still pushing for more war and wars and increasing troop numbers they are just fing cannon fodder for you and the globalists aren't they
Trump does not have a chance to reboot with Americans!  He committed treason!  He lies every day. What the hell!
Treason? Are you mentally ill? What treason did he commit or do you just throw that crap around to stick to something? Try educating ur self
Synopsis: bomb, bomb, bomb bomb, arm the rebels, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Brilliant!
Why don't I ever see you talking comprehensive strategy directly with the Trump Administration. You always have to be mouthing off!!
Your comprehensive strategy includes bombs, bombs and bombs. Thanks John but there is nothing comprehensive here
Get lost or support our strong President!  Done with all of you long term LOSERS!
I have lost all faith in John McCain.   I truly belived in him as a hero.  Now he's just a politician.  Too bad
are you going to confront the presidents reckless and unplanned actions?
Republicans/Trump supreme court pick is anti-union and a far right extremists. God help us
Senator McCain thank you for your service but it's time for you to retire!  You're out of touch and should get out of the way!
And our ships are now antagonizing North Korea. Waiting to bomb them.
I'd like to know Y U & @LindseyGrahamSC R so hot 2 trot 2 go to war? Syria is not our problem. UR last person 2 advise on military needs.
Because your "strategy" (invasion + regime toppling) worked so well in the past. Rinse + repeat expecting diff results = insanity.
Trump personally profited from missile - maker Raytheon's stock jump after his Syria attack
If @SenJohnMcCain is involved, American lives will be lost. #retiremccain
Why see your interview?
Your vote on Senate rules proved that what you say means nothing & isn't related to what you actually do!
It's BS!
Why don't u work one up & offer it rather than throwing ur darts! Obviously u didn't learn any leadership in Navy! @seanhannity @kilmeade
The strategy is take refugees and let UN handle. War monger allowing Trump profiteering.
No we don't need your kind of comprehensive strategy in Syria. The President just needs to get rid of Isis not those they are trying to kill
errand boy lil war pig bitch McCain votes away filibuster for his puppeteer donors. You are a joke war pig shill lil bitch
This article?  Truth
@SenateMajLdr has broken the United States of America .. you're doing your part too; congrats
you are a war monger sir, and stop bashing my President @POTUS
Graham and McCain talk big on many issues but when the time comes they both cave in and lick Trumps balls yet again
John is excited there may be another place to bomb? Or is he jacked up on the idea of ground troops? Did he ever get that apology from Trump
Why dont you go re.enlist. you make no sense
Unfortunately libs u will see a large spike up in our great POTUS approval ratings this week .. ha!
Love Trump and EVERYONE he does . Right all? Right?
Do you not see what Trump is doing?  Now he is sending a carrier group towards North Korea. He's is going to start WW111.   Do Something.
I think we should act to stop the use of chemical weapons. I also think if the FBI says trump should be charged then it will be impeachment.
You are not the President....remember? You Pelosi and Schumer should look into a nice home for old timers disease
Didn't you get caught in war ? We don't need your advice. How about you just watch from the stands.
200 yrs of tradition? Dems introduced the 60 vote rule in 2003! Not aware of that?
you need to insist that nothing is done without congress ' permission.
Euphoric giddiness has set in with republicans. Forget all that maga crap, let's have three wars simultaneously! Just sickening.
You need to stay of tv and retire.
Check out my page for the freakiest and scariest short stories of all time that you will never forget
White Helmets are the problem.  They have stage these attacks before. Your Syrian Rebels who have stage this stuff. We know not Serin gas
Syria has their own stragey.  Back to Nation building again?  Syria has the country peace process.  Syria was winning. Let rule selves.
What we need is a new president and men with strength to help save our democracy.It was a twisted election and those who are silent are weak
Your lips move, but just hot air comes out
McCain if you have such great ideas why don't you give them to the President in stead of to the fake media?
remember when trump said he didn't like people who got caught?
 you're a stand up guy, stop with him.
Can you also explain why congress just made it legal to slaughter hibernating animals?
I agree with your concern that we need a comprehensive plan in Syria. Instead it will be a series of knee jerk reactions from the president.
Didn't the GOP stop President Obama from attacking Syria a few years ago?
Traitor
What city is he in?
Show some damn leadership McCain. When will so called patriots begin to act like it instead of playing the political BS game. #TrumpRussia
No can do.  Can't believe what you say either.
You mean like an actual one? Good luck with that. Traitor potus has bills to pay.
Prolly should've had one of those before we launched 59 missiles at it, no?
Is it okay with you and your fellow Rs that DT is playing golf, at the taxpayers expense, while Syria is bombed and war ships are gathering?
You warmonger.
Nobody is interested in your hawkish Ideas
Ugh I just wish you would retire.
Trump treason Russia is still the story.
You always want Policy and Process in this instant world where our adversaries are better connected than we are. Stop telegraphing our moves
But your strategy doesn't matter.  This was a Trump ploy. Put your eyes back on investigation.
Please do not turn away from Trump's treason. We need you to be a patriot.
Probably not... Please retire.
Always a voice of reason and restraint. Thank you.
Are you going to take a victory lap for destroying our democracy this week with the most loathed of all @SenMajLeader? Eat  John. Done w/ u
You are a traitor John. You have givin up any morals you had for that quack pres.  I don't understand why. Your going down with him
Nothing brings the #GOP together like a good bombing. #America
would love to but we never watch CBS news in our house. Loose with the facts & often completely false...journalism with an agenda...not good
Stop criticizing our President.Military EXPERTSdecided to not take out runways.WHY would you think YOU know better?The experts know not you!
You watch Adam schiff tell us how Russia is right there on the ground in Syria.  Maybe you can learn something!  Traitor!

#spineless #coward #traitor #partyovercountry #treason #wrongsideofhistory #impeach #stolenelection #RUSSIA #putinpuppet #trumprussia
Why please stop going against the President
@SenJohnMcCain respect your service sir. You were a Hero then. We need you to be now. Trump & his administration is a wrecking ball to USA
Um, no! There will be no reboot with the #traitor that shouldn't even BE President.
McCain: Trump has chance to reboot with Americans http://on.msnbc.com/2nXwqMu  
@azcentral 
Israel wants land (Golan Heights)
Saudis & Turks want Oil
$$ to McCain Foundation
McCain supports destroying another ME country
Supported by 3 different super powers. In order to win over Assad, we would need to ally with ISIS. The enemy of my enemy is my friend.....
Let me guess.. Alt-General McCain would have boots on the ground to fight in a Civil War with 3 divisions 1/
Go first after the head of the snake in #Iran Senator and the rest will history ..
#Iran's next election would be a good chance 2 trigger again the  Iranian Green Revolution that Obama supressed in 2009 .
Watching Sen.John McCain, Face The Nation
#SLOVENIA, Sen.John McCain
No more nation building. Let the Syrians handle their own mess. Arm terrorists to defeat a brutal dictator? What a choice.
#trumprussia #traitor #resist #SayOneThingDoAnotherMcCain
Comprehensive strategy = Good
Knee jerk reaction in unstable part of the world = Not too good
Disappointed by your continued war mongering stance on everything u less the black guy suggests it!  Time for you to go senator
I should watch so I can see you continue to suck up to a treasonous President -- a President who doesn't even respect you?  No thanks.
False flag
No, after your vote for nuclear option for Gorsuch after saying it was stupid you lost all credibility. #resist McCain bs
At least youre one of the few during Obama that actually cared about our country and remained consistent on this unlike the Obstructionists
Amazing how the GOP during the last gas attack were more concerned with taking down a black man than our standing in the world
Trump and his campaign colluded with Russia to win the election. Will help remove Assad. Sanctions go
Yes.  Discuss strategies.  Figure out best way to secure resour- er, help Syrians.  Then Donnie will make a debacle out of it as usual.
Good use of your time.
Really McCain ? Excuses for Assad ?  What a #douchebag and his excuse for the others 5 uses of gas?
Isn't ISIS the most powerful rebel force fighting against Assad in Syria?
I think trump's strategy is and was just what he did.  Thank God he got in time for golf.  In his mind, his hands are clean now.
Mr McCain perhaps you should discuss the unfit POTUS in the WH. This is the most important issue at the moment. I have faith in you (kinda)
Bro get back to me with that bogus tough guy internet bravado when your testicles drop.
Madam, you obviously are nothing more than a sad sad little Troll. If only someone had once told you as a child that you were loved 
Warmonger please stop
don't support warmongering.
Is this where you say something is dumb then you go ahead and vote for it anyway? We haven't forgotten the Nuclear Option and Gorsuch.
I'll be taking my daily 23 hour nap soon so I'll miss it, I bet I can sum it up though: WAR.
you need to not support this.
I guess you forgot Trump is president??
I have lots of respect for Sen. McCain.  He definitely needs to be in on conversation about situation in Syria & North Korea.
McMaster said he thinks it is ok for Bannon to give 45 advice on National Security. Let that sink in John. Scary people #syria
We've got the densest President & Administration in US History, & you want to bother them with logic?
Yeah cause the last one worked so well. #retire
