Ok. Let's give them the ones we bought for Kenya or Iran.
consult with your liberals, McCain.
You helped stage a coupe in Ukraine and propped white supremacists up to take over.  What is your angle?
I do mean coup, rather than coupe.
why does the US have to give weapons. What about other countries. You need to shut up and mind your own business.
Because America signed Budapest Memorandum, cares about international law, want to deter Russia, etc.
Excepting for the fact that DJT changed that very thing in the Republican Platform, in cooperation with Russia. So, #awkward
you're a phoney rhino
directly why you're not president how about help us first

Our country is broke We should stop giving away everything You can sell defensive weapons to Ukraine
McCain the pain
either get on board or go away.  Need to take care of us first!  Now help POTUS!  You are supposedly on our side
.@SenJohnMcCain   We, The People are more interested in arming our own military, and protecting the homeland.
You arm the Ukrainians so the conflict doesn't reach Americans.
Laughs.   How many troops are piled into Poland.   Ukraine is not in NATO.  How much are the Sauds paying you?
America signed Budapest Memorandum guaranteeing Ukraine's territorial integrity. Educate yourself.

lol yeah well you will be doing a lot less now that #Trumps in WH & #Putin hand up his arse Trojan horse 
Why is it that your solutions always involve military action, directly or by surrogate?
When you vote against benefits for our Vets & against looking 4 our POW's, you lose ALL creditably with me!
Not really,  they started the fight and now they're crying.

No John we need to allie with Russia and take out the terrorists and stop sticking our nose in everyone else's business.
America doesn't need the Russians. Putin will stab America in the back at the first opportunity.
I agree, but it is too late; Trump changed the chess board. Putin smiles. :-(

#Ukraine regime launched 640+ artillery shells of 122mm & 152mm caliber and mortars on Western outskirts of #Donetsk,#Gorlovka & South #DPR. 
you are awesome republican guy :) in UA we say about such people "that will be a nice cossack!". Besides,  it's never late 
Thank you for your assistance to Ukraine! Help us still struggle with corruption.US knows!Freeze their assets, revoke a visa!
Strengthen sanctions, to strengthen the blockade! Disable SWIFT. Russia-gate to hell on earth. Glory to Ukraine! Glory USA!
wrong answer...#Putin should withdraw from #Ukraine ..more #guns means more #ppl will die
well, you may go down as one of the greatest arms dealers in history Mr. Senator.
i dont know bout this.  They could fall into the hands of the enimy
No one should hear you McCain. Join the Dems.
you are gonna fight with Russkie until the last ukrainian, right?
POTUS said America first, remember?
Have you noticed how all the liberal media cowers for your insight? You're being used and you don't even know it.
give the American people the same benefits the Senate has or strip yourself of it and see what it's like
and give the American People the health care they need and stop supporting for profit health ins
Sir, stop politicking and start working with Trump to rebuild America and the lives of the American ppl. Remember them?
a kitchen knife is a leathal weapon if used wrongly
Try to talk peace first instead of making money off the weapon contractors.
Why?
Absolutely right.
Let's stop interfering in foreign governments.Let them figure it out themselves.
Thank you for fighting for Ukraine Senator
Then Russians release files.  President Pence?  Some plan.
@lindseygraham U R allowing DoesntKnowConsistencyParty of Franken Schumer Pekosi 2 Exploit conservative voters & @gop. WHY?
I think John McCain is the only republican I have any respect for
Sounds LIke A Democrat Wanting Us All To Work Just To Give Our Money Away! Why! I Want Lower Taxes A Wall Good Roads In US!
And Why Would We Give And Give To Other Countries? How About American Veterans Dieing And Homeless?
Putin won't like that.  #IndependentInvestigation
why didn't you open your mouth in the Obama administration?
Georgia, Ukraine, Putin is redrawing the borders with force.  Now trying to undermine the NATO alliance.
Yo, McCain? Senator to US not POTUS. How about focusing on giving Medicare to everyone that wants it?
How's that been working out for us?
Agreed and you could have pressured Trump to do so by withholding your vote for any number of cabinet members Senator.
why do you want to be at war with Russia? Stay out of the Ukraine and their business! Focus on American jobs!
I totally agree with you.  We must keep Russia out of the Ukraine or they will March into Estonia, Latvia, and Poland.
@YelchenkoUN I would consider option of taking Poroshenko out of the equation before providing military help!
sure we should give guns to another country
Except that Trump's team removed that from GOP platform as a kickback to the Kremlin. Published today in the Independent.
Supporting the defense industry lobby again. Didn't your pals make enough money in the Middle East wars you supported?
Ukraines, who will stop Trump and Russians.
America needs help first - you don't get it.... never will #careerpoliticians #draintheswamp #dinosaur
HELP THIS COUNTRY!!! Explain yourself for participating in the confirmation of Rick Perry!! If you confirm Bannon-lose job!!!
Let's just cut out the middle men. Just give them all visas and fly them over to become Americans. 894/899
Why have u never answered for almost 200 sailors you killed when you fired the rocket? An honorable man would have resigned.
What about not doing enough to help the VA system in Phoenix Arizona!?! Have you been to the VA hospital here recently?
stop making more vets you don't take care of
@EuromaidanPress We must help Ukraine!
Thus is a strategy to get what you want.  Syria. Ukraine in a Civil War. Outbreaks in Kiev.  Honor agreement
Ukraine is NOT IN A CIVIL WAR!!!!!
Who is Ukraine and why is it in our interest to help them?
how would that be possible with 45 support of Putin also I choose ACA over military build up. 45 rhectoric has endangered US
McCane, drink some cold water and calm down! Leave Ukraine alone.
war monger. Same guy likes to give weapons to people and they wind up in wrong hands. Not President maybe people don't trust
Americans first. Fix us...then worry about the Ukraine..
traitor, judas, turncoat,benedict arnold
warmonger
Trying to start a war with Russia to help the globalists. To bad you have no conscience
1st thing should be replacing Trump /Pence/Ryan with McCain/Powell/Romney. And I'm a democrat. That'd help Ukraine and US.
Is this another give arms to whoever for whatever? Beat those war drums! I'm sure our @POTUS Has #Ukraine under control Ok?
three years! And international obligations have not been fulfilled
PLEASE ask for Sessions to resign.  He is dishonest.  Recusal is not enough
maybe becuz Tillerson needs that oil pipeline to avoid taxes & help his oil pals & Putin out. You voted 4 these guys!
#Ukraine actions needed ASAP
Investigate Trump!  #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
you're also not doing enough to expose the traitors within your party. America deserves better than to be sold out to Russia!
What about us? What about t United States? Who's going to help us given the @GOP is providing cover to this WH? This is nuts!
every time we give countries with rebellions weapons, those weapons end up killing our soldiers. when will you learn?
BUT TRUMP LOVES PUTIN and Ryan loves death lists
Well, that's not going to happen. Is it @realDonaldTrump @POTUS ?
Agreed. We must help against Russian aggression there and here in US
Javelin anti-armor & counter-battery radar BUT will need protection to keep from captured or SOLD 2 the Ruskies.
.@1choice you were part of the phony red line in Syria caused 2million deaths and mass migration you should resign done 2much
what about the Russian white house?
Trump wouldn't want to go against his good buddy Putin
agreed. The Ukraine was invaded by Russia, plain and simple. Should also denounce reported Russia/Iran arms deal worth $10B
not gonna happen.
#draintheswamp and it starts with you.
and really why do it publicly now? You and others have been doing it under table and likely profiting from it for decades.
another proxy war. Yes, just what the world needs!
you can buy em with your Saudi money
that's not in Russia's best interest
Why don't ask your cabinet that you voted for?
2nd thing is tell press: Ukraine is the real Russian story. But they don't care about an invasion, they only care about hurting POTUS.
You talk about how to help Tibet and then about the Ukraine. What are we paying you for? Wat about the good ole US ofA?
no!! We should not be supplying weapons to anyone. It never ever ends well. So kiss off.
U  two look like Laurel and Hardy sitting there. Do you tap dance too? What a dumb question. U make a great comedy hour.
.@1choice you part of the over throw of putins puppet govt you got crimera invaded you should resign caused damage life loss
Why didn't Obama help them? For 8 damned years! Nothing! McCain don't put this on Our President! You are guilty! Deceiver!
um, sad panda day for you but Obama and HRC are gone, it's all about #prezbrump now
waste of money and time
Isn't that how we got to where we are in Syria? Just give them all more weapons for ISIS to take from them.
What is this the McCain 2020 bid for POTUS. You are not the leader of the free world or your party, so start acting like it.
Senator do you any truth in AG Session's comments at his impending presser
Ha, are you joking? Trump is aligned with Russia and is not going to help Ukraine.
Hey John-boy, you're sounding like a war monger - proliferating & instigating war.. You're not president, @realDonaldTrump is
wrong- first thing they should do is come clean on Russia!

Psycho.
if we strike first with nukes, how many Russian cities could we take out?
you should be judge by spread terrorism in Siria  Kiev etc etc
agreed. Would also be good if they would denounce Putin's aggressions there in no uncertain terms.
is a complete blowhard, and he always blows it.
John just shut up
keep up the good work Senator nice to see someone our generals can work with
You know how to help Ukraine? Rid the Executive Branch of it's Russian leveraged officials! Special counsel NOW!
Denounce all Republican Politicians for what they are: psychopathic criminals with ugly delusions.
a dreadful, awful, terrible idea.
yep
