Your hate for Trump equals hate for this Country is sad. Hope 1 day you will see, we need to reunite. You seem to divide like the Dems.WHY?
Saw you on the Burns documentary "Vietnam". Thank you for your service to our country. And your courage. God Bless you!
John. Thank you. For your love of country and the guts to stand up to Trump. His UN SPEECH and behavior outs ours in harms way -
that is cool. know whats not cool? you wanting people to lose their health insurance just because you like the guy whose name is on the bill
You know what else is not cool?? YOU!
Wow, you have lost your moral compass. You promised to repeal Socialist Obamacare. Keep your word and quit quibbling. Not Officer like!

You are a rock star. POTUS isn't! the MarineS are proud of you and forever will be for sure! senator McCain prayersPeace
Live laugh love
...said no 03xx ever.
Idiot!
I will pray every day that she succeeds, stays healthy and sharp, thank u for ur service SIR, you are a HERO.
I'm surprised Trump hasn't tried to stop it.
Thank you Sen. McCain for your thoughtful decision to oppose Graham/Cassidy bill.  On behalf of my beloved family and friends, good wishes.
What the hell is wrong with you?  That is nonsense!  Want her to be transgender too?  Americans are sick of this bullshit.
thnk u Senator McCain 4 standing strong 4 the health & well being of the people in this country bfore politics & tax cuts.
Thank you sir. Much respect.
So proud of my Senator today.  He's saved my healthcare again!  And everyone else's too!
Semper Fem!

Its about f'n time.
Wow! @SenJohnMcCain  VR, We have come a long way since our chat back in 1991... you really are emerging from the dark side!
How will you justify voting for a bill that's worse than the terrible one you voted vs. a couple months ago?
I guess I take this back. Good for him. Need two others w/ a conscience now
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY!
I am guessing Obama care is not affecting you, Obama care is too expensive
My sister relies upon the ACA's injunction on benefit caps, so it does affect me. She'd have been dropped long ago under the old rules.
Hurray! 
I admire how supportive you are of those in the military no matter what their gender or orientation.
@realDonaldTrump will find a way to get rid of her. God knows his FAMILY WON'T SERVE!
McCain passed over for Adm, fake senator, my, my
A great day for Healthcare thanks to the Maverick! Why can you not convince the GOP to do the right thing?
I wish her well.  I am former Army, and I thought that training was tough. Marine Corps is straight up hard core Extra tough training.
The female of the species is strong than the male 
Why don't you just confess you're a gay, liberal Democrat and be honest before you die?
You value the praise of Schumer more than true honor
Liar on repeal and replace, voting against #GrahamCasiddy is a vote for failing Obamacare and socialized healthcare
yip e

Why aren't you dead yet?

Are you retiring soon.  Just wondering!
Retiring?  Let Death take him.
You sir who killed 34 of your fellow enlistees, then hid to cover your vile actions have no right to comment on anything about our army
You have become a joke.
Do not talk, tweet or think about USMC !

USMC is proud, trustworthy, & honorable!   Ur not!

A Marine says he will do it, it's done!
What would know about the Marine Corps or what is good for it?
Thank you for being a voice of reason.
The great divide between west and middle east is now the right of women to serve as terrorists.
Will be a better officer than you were
How DARE u get cancer treatment! When MILLIONS can't afford ocare premiums & face certain death.STOP yr TREATMENT. U hv NO RIGHT
This needs to done correctly.bipartisan with transparency and debate.  Thank you Senator for not voting on this bill for the right reasons

Thank you for your Vote!
Sir,
Just heard your statement regarding newest health bill vote...I'm sorry I didn't vote for you in 2008...you would have been great POTUS
I can hear my Marine father singing "From the Halls of Montezuma....he fought in the Korean War & is is rolling in his grave, as Putin WINS!
Oorah.
Now i just want EIGHT Correct Marine Corps Pullups 
Kill Obamacare!
What a nightmare.
Please do what is right. Vote no!
Not surprising what women can do when the barricades to their participation are brought down. Stop the sexual harassment and assault
You really should be tweeting about the Emmys...just like the CIC.
Obamacare is bankrupting us,  help pass Graham-Cassidy

Why is the latest Republican "health care" bill so immoral? My health care advisors break it down. 
Please please vote no on the health bill. I am a fellow GBM survivor and I would be dead without healthcare. Please.
@PennWomen "...and yet she persisted " !!
My daughter has 2 heart problems & brain tumors & auto immune! Shes afull-time student. She has no doctor and no insurance. Please vote yes!
Please Senator vote no on the horrible healthcare bill! So many people's lives depend on you to do the right thing.
Please vote no on the anti-life GrahamCassidy bill. Thank you!
Vote for the graham care don't be a a hole like the democrats
We're hoping that a handful of Republican senators will have a conscience---"We’re looking at you, John McCain"
Hope she doesn't lose valuable benefits like maternity cov'ge, free birth control, & cov'ge for preexisting cond. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
Please vote no
Senator, please stand up for the millions of Americans who will lose access to their healthcare if Obamacare is repealed.
Placing HealthCare in the hands of the States is not federalism by any stretch
It will just become a cesspool for corruption like SNAP prg.
A bad day for your constituents as they fear for their family's healthcare. Everybody other than the GOP agrees. Vote *NO*  #GrahamCasiddy

Please vote no on the Graham-Cassidy healthcare vote!
Also a great day to say NO  to Graham-Cassidy healthcare We veterans count with you
Wow? Now woman can kill and send other troops to be killed. Just like men. Oh yay? What an accomplishment. But it gets votes I guess.
now everyone can equally die in some unsanctioned by congress corporate war in some far of place. yay.
With respect, Senator. It's just a day. The gender of a marine doesn't matter.
You have one more chance to repeal obamacare and redeem yourself from the lie that you promised you would repeal it.
DISABLED CHILDREN NURSING HOME SRS& WOMEN WILL BE HURT!
Very worried about Senator McCain
VOTED NO CAUSE NO REGULAR ORDER?SAME! VOTE NO #GRAHAMCASSIDY 
A LEGACY U WANT?
Check out @Indivisible_Q’s Tweet:
Woman tells Capito her daughter would have died without ACA https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/national/woman-tells-capito-her-daughter-would-have-died-without-aca/2017/06/23/57d84fb6-5851-11e7-840b-512026319da7_video.html …
Seriously, do you want to meet your maker and have him ask why you abandoned the people who need you the most!? Is graham worth your soul?
Be even greater if you stick to your guns and vote no on trumpcare. Still no order! Using ACA as bribe means ACA works and GOP knows it!
Songbird McCain, tweet, tweet.
Wise up,Stand up for our President t
You argued for a return to the bipartisan legislative process including committee hearings before important legislation.  Don't give up now.
Do not support Health bill. Buying off AK and MT. Order! Majority citizens do NOT want this bill. Work for the people not party.
@GOP @georgelopez YES AND WE HAVE OUR 1st DICTATOR
Vote yes! What happened to your repeal & replace platform you ran on. You are an evil liar Mr McCain.
I agree senator.
Senator, please do what's right and vote against this abominable bill. We need real bipartisan fixes! You are better than this sir.
You must vote yes or socialize medicine for ever. You are a true American. Do the right thing!
McCain, back healthcare. We need your vote!! My friends cannot afford Obamacare and it is  falling apart.  Please vote for repeal
Please stand up for all Americans @SenJohnMcCain & vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy
Tim for a yes vote to mcCain.
This IS awesome! How can u support this woman's success & support a bill that essentially punishes women? You must say no to #GrahamCassidy!
Please, please vote no on #GrahamCassidy  so many of us will die or go bankrupt
Please vote No Senator McCain, we need you to help the people, I respect you and your service to this Country you're are a Hero..Thank You.
Some #GOPe are #RINOs

#closet #democRATS

Maybe even covert #socialists
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."

Tell us about USS #Forrestal
Graham Cassidy bill doesn't work! Please stand up for what's right and not support this bill! Thank you sir
Please “ Vote No “ on Graham Cassidy. Your saving America lives by voting no.
Please do the right thing and vote against this would be devastating health care bill. Please!!!
Please don't vote for graham cassidy
Senator McCain, PLEASE stay strong on regular order! Do NOT settle for skinny order. We need your courage now more than ever!!

Realize why upset re:G-C despite not D or R/affected by ACA. Male R. Senators not thinking/packing so don't have to! Stay above the pack pls
kudosonbut lets notput them in harms way Sen needs to rein in the threats he is saying elseall hell will break lose
We need a bipartisan compromise that is fully debated thru regular order.Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy.
#NoTrumpcare
#NoGrahamCassidy
Vote yes on Graham Cassidy, do the job you were elected for
Please vote NO once again on graham-Cassidy! Save our healthcare!Regular Order!
Good Mornin' Mr Hero  Please help Americans by voting #NoGrahamCassidy
Trump says GOP's health bill protects pre-existing conditions. Here's the truth
I thank god every day for senator grassley ! Getting closer to the truth about your lies! I smell fear your letter was laughable
Please vote no on this ridiculous health care bill. Country before party.
Please do what is really in your heart switch parties! marry the truth of your heart .till death do u part b the dem u really are!!!
Thanks for your dedication to our vets. Please be just as dedicated to all Americans and vote no on Graham Cassidy. Keep your integrity.
Till your commander in tweet gets Koch money to say she can't, just sayin, pretty crappy that you guys are letting that REMF run your show.
On one Vote Johnie stop step down move on.

So Bannon is advising the US government just weeks after leaving it? 

That's illegal: 18 U.S.C. § 207(b) http://www.newsweek.com/steve-bannon-trump-speech-gorka-669140 …
From now on your legacy will be the man who saved Obama Care. At your age I would not want that to be the last thing I was remembered for
Please vote "NO", Sir, for America Thank you. #GrahamCassidyBill is 
Yes but will U take their health insurance away? Will u support a bill that will kill millions of Americans? Please truly support our vets.
When are you going to retire??
John why do the Marine's call you a traitor?
2017
A really great day? When you and your party will stop trying to strip Americans from access to healthcare. More healthcare is better 4 all

Trump wants to deport non-violent Dreamers but lets his Turkish role-model goon Erdogan come to town anytime he wants to beat up protestors. https://twitter.com/nydailynews/status/911083673792823297 …
Trump is my hero,
How's your "cancer"? Taken any trips to Bulgaria lately?
You are trading GOP FAT CAT donations for http://lives.Voting  yes will hurt Americans- badly. Protect us once again. VOTE NO ON G/C
How can you support such a horrible bill?
You need to be focused on approving the Healthcare bill McCain. Not your Old Man Agenda. You work for the people that voted you in.
Bravo.  Now if only their commander-in-chief wasn't a Putin-owned traitor.
They say you won't go against Graham. Ask your DRs how much your treatment cost. Healthcare is still a LUXURY in USA in 2017 for most of us

I know you are a patriot. Please vote no to stripping Americans of healthcare.
All 50 states NAMD National Association Of Medicaid board of directors condemn the Graham-Cassidy Bill!
Your a great man a great American and a true war hero this putz said u r no hero he dodged the draft 5 times this con artist coward come on!
Are you really ready to destroy their lives for a draft dodger
Hope your treatments are going well! Please say NO to another awful bill, no matter whose name's on it. A giant step backwards for the US.
Support her by retiring.
U've been my hero putting country before party both w Trump & the last real ACA bill 
Plz do it again! Vote NO on Cassidy Graham! Plz!!!!!!!
How many veterans lives will be destroyed by #GrahamCassidy As a combat veteran I hope you have a heart and vote no. Veterans deserve better
Better hope she never plans on having kids because that won't be covered by trumpcare
Sir, wld you PLEASE be #America's hero again+always? Don't let #GrahamCassidyBill take insurance away from millions of #Americans #Childen 
John Mc Cain will not Let Trump Destroy Veterans Trump Trying to Kill Combat Veterans. Trump Disgrace Murderer Criminal Traitor to be Hung
Hey McCain, thanks for doing the right thing on the skinny repeal. Please vote no one more time. This bill is bad for America.
So many healthcare organizations and insurers are against this bill.  I know Graham is your friend, but this is life & death for millions.
And congrats @USMC - first of many I hope.
Please stick by your guns. I have preexisting condition. This is not political,it's about human lives!!! Thank you my friend
I do love you Senator McCain. I express that not to schmooze you. I just admire your integrity and always have.
I pray you watch this & vote NO to #RepealObamacare
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
I believe John McCain won't hurt Americans, because of deadlines and partisan politics. The bill is too flawed.
please sir, let everyone have the same chance at healthcare that you have. Vote NO on the horrible Graham Cassidy bill!
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY!
I believe John McCain will do the right and will vote no on Graham Cassidy. He gets it.
Please do the right thing. Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill. We deserve better than what is being shoved down our throats.
Vote no on Graham Cassidy don't take our healthcare away and doom millions of us to death.
Please vote  AGAINST #GrahamCassidy
Whaaat! That's huge 
I don't understand the republican party -- so willing to destroy the health of a society and let people die. Shameful!
Vote NO on g-c
Please keep with your moral compass and say NO to the #GrahamCassidy bill!  There must be a better way to fix #ACA
You're as stupid as John "Songbird" McCain - oh wait, you are SONGBIRD!!
Women don't belong in the Infantry! Yes, I am a woman.
Please be a hero again and vote no against this disgusting process!
Here's the video when u lied 2 your voters during your campaign that you will repeal/replace #Obamacare.Vote him out
Be a hero again to the American people!!! Trump doesn't like prisoners who get captured. You can go down in history as the man who saved us
Check out @funder’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/funder/status/910986129050128384?s=09 … PLEASE LISTEN TO HER, TRUMP BLOCKED HER PLEASE BE HUMAN AND LISTEN SHE'S VERY ILL.
Laura has stage 4 cancer-she spoke out against the bill then Trump blocked her–Please retweet her video reply below. 
Regular order John. Vote No.
This bill is disgraceful Mr McCain. Please please #killthebill
USA, wealthiest country in history, is 31st in life expectancy-a travesty. Sen. McCain, please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy tax cut bill.
Please save the lives of millions vote no. I just survived the 2nd hurricane in 2 yr. I need affordable healthcare ins. Please stop this.
Another great day would be the defeat of #GrahamCassidy. We know @GOP promised rich donors a tax cut but not at expense of ppl's healthcare!
Senator McCain as the elder statesman of the senate. You know what they're doing is wrong please vote no!
Thank you sir
Please vote NO on repeal and replace Obamacare. History will judge you highly negatively if you hurt Americans with this new healthcare bill
Senator McCain.... please help Americans. We beg please vote no for denying 35 million people  healthcare. U know this is wrong thank you
Please vote no on repeal of ACA and Cassidy Graham.
You should be ashamed to even be considering this bogus bill. #GrahamCassidy :
