Buy you help put this in place senator by not speaking up against any of groper-in-chief's executive orders. Shame on you!
Choice program should be expanded if anything
if you cared about Veterans you would have fought harder. You just rolled over and we don't forget. Your legacy is over.
Sit please don't let them touch the VA. It's hard now but scary what may happen.
As the mom of 2 disabled children, I beg you to please vote no on Betsy DeVos. They deserve more.
sorry Mindy. This guy sold out our kids. They are now on the fringes and will have to fight for every scrap
yeah well I guess you just helped sell public education down the river
Oh really, where you been the last 30 years. Padding your pockets, on the vets dime
8 long years for us vets and you have done little to nothing to improve the VA system. Phoenix again unsat. DO SOMETHING !!
just vote for a brain surgeon to fix the VA. I'm sure he knows a lot about it. You're not worried about education
Please do what's right for ALL our kids! #NoonDeVos
my friends review Choice says that it sucks . I have Tricare Prime remote for life until they change the name again
What did you do to preserve the public education system for our children?  So disappointed!
How will you turn the budget deficit into surplus? Let's start shrinking gov't!
this program doesn't work...I'm a veteran and work for the VA. Wait times for Choice are just as long as the VA if not longer
so you care about vets but not kids. Kowtowing to the #Illegitimate #Unqualified "president" today with your vote. #nohero
yet you don't care about public education in the US? I have two kids who receives special education.
Both DeVos and Sessions do not believe they're worth educating.  Wow!
- ask veterans about treatment after Dr. Reyes came to Phoenix (TBI, dementia). Care is exemplary & wait times down!!!!
Will you cave to Trump if he says No?
You failed our children.
you have single handedly caused the problems at the VA in your state and have done nothing to protect your people
talk to the ppl at the lower level who deal with Choice prgm everyday. Listen to their ideas. Choice needs major overhaul.
so disappointed republicans approved education Secretary. Doesn't anyone care how scared we all are.
I hope you have heard what your constituents have asked of you. #VoteNoDevos
Glad this program will proceed & better healthcare solutions for #Veterans @SenJohnMcCain in the long protracted battle for #HCR #ACA repeal
as a fellow veteran I implore you-defeat DeVos & Sessions & get Bannon OUT of NSC. Then impeach Trump. Lead by example!
shame on you confirming DeVos. Wholly unqualified & you know it. #payforplay clearly still trumps the will of the people.
say no to DeVos and get rid of Bannon
.@SenJohnMcCain has sold his soul and now puts party over nation.
He's afraid of Trump.

He's become a coward.

@CONNIENICHOL @concerned2345
so disappointed
how can an American hero turn his back on his country by staying silent on trumps harmful behavior, and his assault on US ppl
Time to channel your inner maverick and send the POTUS an emphatic message with a "NO" on DeVos. Thanks, Captain.
Appears money talks...
but preserving education for our future service members isn't an issue for you?  Shame on you for confirming DeVos.
NO!! #NoOnDeVos #educationmatters
You sold out our children, why should we care about this?
education is also a vital system that needs your attention. Please vote NO to DeVos and protect students rights and schools!
Veterans hospital in Phoenix is terrible, badly needs overhauling in doctors &staff!Too mini that's not getting proper care!!
Vote no to DeVois
Please vote NO to Betsy Devos we are counting on representatives like you.
Lincoln promised we would protect the Widows and children and veterans. You can do that by NO to DeVos.
Have some straight actions to go with your straight talk.
it's disgusting that your dem friends in the senate are playing games with President  Trump and you and your rep buddies alou
vote no on DeVos- step up to the plate!!
as a Pediatrician who cares for all kinds of children in Phoenix, I ask you to vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
sent a letter woop dee doo!
and Trump didn't need to tell us.  We should have a legally sat Supreme Court Justice, you violated Federal law and your oath
You signed a pact with every Repub to obstruct YOUR President, Barrack Obama & America's people for 8 years.  You're no hero.
Vote NO on DeVos. She is unqualified and bought her way into that position. If ANYONE is going to check Trump w/ Rs it's YOU!
please deny the ruination of our children & grandchildren. DeVos must not be confirmed
yeah that's why you'll support ANYONE Drumpf nominates.  Mr. McCain, you're not only not a hero, you're a traitor.
Why are you not concern about Public Education? I forgot you are a million & public education is beneath you & your cronies!
Please help us stop DaVos
thank you for standing up 2 @POTUS for Iraqi translators/ allies. Pls VOTE NO on deVos. She is not for public ed/ our kids
why are they so afraid of devos
Love what you do for vets and my wife and I both want VetChoice but not at expense of C&P/EDU. Entitlements will cost more $
You always speak out when Trump makes a bad decision. Please vote NO to DeVos. There are qualified people out there.
most VA budget increases have been on mandatory funding to C&P. BTW I am 13yr MC vet (and served in UKR during your visits)
Great effort, but w/nearly x2 of patient load since 08 and a VHA budget increase of only 70%~ it's not realistic.
Please say no to DeVos. Be that one needed vote. You always vote your conscience not your party. She simply isn't qualified.
please vote no to Betsy DeVos and protect our children's education!
why are you taking money from Soros?
Say no to Devos!!  You be the Republican with dignity!   All the others seem to have lost theirs!!
true. Please remember our chilldren need public schools. Vote no on DeVos.
don't give in to the no good Teachers union. Vote yes on DeVos!!
As well as education Vote NO for DeVoy. ALL our children, the future of our country deserve better
Dear Sir, you bravely took on the duties to defend this country, we now need you to defend our children. Please #votenoDeVos
vote against DeVoss. Bad enough our president is a moron, our kids deserve better.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/02/06/records-soros-fund-execs-funded-paul-ryan-marco-rubio-jeb-bush-john-mccain-john-kasich-lindsey-graham-in-2016/ …
will you protect it like you did my tricare prime medical.Becuz for the $70M you save supposedly,you could build a f'ing wall
No No No on DeVos!!
please vote no to Devos. She is a horrible nominee for education.
Go turncoat, go.
please vote no to Devos.   We need your courage.
You cave every time. You can't be trusted to vote for your country over party. Shame on you. #BetsyDeVos is not qualified.
Stop voting Party over Country. You seem to be all talk, no follow thru. You are a sellout like all the rest.
DeVos is not qualified. Do what's right. The future of our children depend on it. Vote against #BetsyDeVos
We also need to preserve ALL children's rights to a free, appropriate, public education. #noDevos
Soros hack! You should be ashamed!
Begging you to do the right thing and VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!!
We know you love our country & children. You are our last hope. You have Republicans & Democ constituents begging #noDeVos.
Please our kids desperately need your leadership! Vote #noDeVos. We need a natl hero for ALL Americans. We'll repay w/votes!
Sir -I will send a letter to support Veteran Choice Programs, 100% agree.  Please vote NO on Devos! Future matters!
NO to DeVos! NO to lifelong BIGOT JEFF SESSIONS 4 Atty General! UNQUALIFIED cabinet picks will not help make America great!
Listen to the AZ voters. Vote NO on DeVos. It's your job to listen to the voters. Do the right thing. That, too, is your job.
I believe that you can look into your heart and see that Devos is unsuited for the position.  Please vote no.
“Putin’s a killer,”
“You got a lot of killers,What, you think our country’s so innocent?”
Please save our country from Trump. And vote no on DeVos. Please.
@OackLee we need the same for our children Senator McCain vote NO your a honorable man stand up do the right thing
Reply to @SenJohnMcCain Vote NO on #bestydevos!   Prove that you are our maverick!  You can NOT be brought! She is dangerous for our kids!
Can you please let us know how the nominee answers the questions in your letter? #VA
please vote no on devos Be on the right side of history sir.....to hell with her money
Betsy 'donated' 50K for your vote and sold out those you represent. POS
Why the hell are you voting for De Vos? You are a reasonable Republican. Please stop putting party before country. Vote no!
don't politicize the American children.  Vote with some integrity! Vote NO for Devos
Please cross party lines and VOTE NO DeVos
We know you'll stand up for our children. They deserve better than a criminally unqualified lobbyist. Please vote #noDevos!
say NO to devos please!!
We must preserve our Democracy Senator. And you are sadly one of the only Republicans whose principles overide party politics
Sir when calling Australia did you tell them you voted for Trump and Paul Ryan. Did you apologize for that too? Pathetic
Thanks for taking care of our vets. Now, take care of our kids...vote NO on DeVos!
We must also preserve our children's future and education!!! Please vote No to DeVos! I think u know she is the wrong choice!
, @Pontifex, @UN  @Number10gov, @periscopeco tortured and raped every day in prison . Truth not communicated
. despite being operated in private parts as an assault , today am to be remanded 2
. Being taken to hospital on orders of Russia due Victor Bourt,  efforts must be done
, as a hostage in decade , requesting for humanitarian resident in Montreal and
, @PMcanadien,Cry for you're help , the world am dieing a terrible life , with swollen testacles
, On orders of Rwanda's intelligence am to be shifted to Orebro prison
, @POTUS , my intenstine and testacles are not working and where operated
NO NO NO ON DEVOS. Pay attention
stand up & be a man of conscience. Vote no on @BetsyDeVos!
We need you to #StopDeVos. Vote NO. She is embarrassingly unqualified and you know it.
Please support public education and #OpposeDeVos. She hasn't the knowledge, experience, nor values required of the position.
please vote No on Betsy Devos
Please vote NO on DeVos.   She has no experience and is unqualified for this position.
Vote NO on DeVos!  Please! Concerned 85259 Voter!  Our kids need the maverick!
if u vote for Devos...clearly she bought your yes vote with her campaign contribution.
still waiting for the vote NO to Devos...
Vote NO for DeVos #VoteNoDevos
I implore you to consider our children over party loyalty and vote no on unqualified and dangerous to public education DeVos.
Now vote no on DeVos so their children aren't forced to deal with an unregulated school system.
stop picking con men
vote no
please come thru with a NO on DeVos, we are counting on you!
is a backstabber: "Records: Soros Fund Execs Funded Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, John McCain..."
I admire your bravery and leadership. Please be dutiful to your country. Vote NO against DeVos. My kids depend on your vote.
vote no on devos and save American education for the love of God
please do something about devos!
kids above politics #NotoDeVos
you are the voice of reason. Please say no to DeVos.
You are a beacon of light in the dark. Please say no to DeVos & Pruitt. Bannon needs to go. #PresidentBanon  #NoBanNoWall
.@SenJohnMcCain Please vote no on the ridiculously unqualified Betsy DeVos!  American children deserve better and you know it! #DumpDeVos
Don't let Vets Choice Program end in New Orleans while a hiring freeze is active for our brand new hospital! #VetsMatter
#VoteNoDevos
Thank you for your work on behalf of Veterans. Please break the shackles of your donors and #VoteNoDevos
in bed with Soros.  Thought you were pro America.  My mistake you traitor.
#NoonDeVos Vote NO on DeVos. help don't hurt our kids!  Privatization of public education is not good public policy.
As an Army vet and teacher: I BEG YOU TO VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!! She is unqualified and will DAMAGE our schools!!
we need you to boldly vote #NOtoDeVos! Our children are relying on your courageous leadership!
do the right and ethical thing...vote no on DeVos! Stand up for all Arizonans! You know we don't want her!!
great...now vote no to the ridiculously unqualified Betsy DeVos
you are an honorable man, we all that appreciate what you fought for appreciate you.   Thank you so much.
Don't sell your integrity at the expense of our children#Devosno
I may not qualify for starting gov service, but I would if ur standards apply. Plz keep standards high.
I only mean I would volunteer, not a change of standards.  I think I'm too old now to start
is this the start of #ImpeachmentSoon ? If so like it, so I can get a nights rest
Chaffetz spokeswoman says the chairman has received copy of Trump hotel contract from GSA https://twitter.com/scottwongdc/status/828773358338764800 …
#Nodevos
VOTE no on DEVOS!
NO DEVOS!
no on DeVos.
why not be a maverick and vote no on DeVos.
#BetsyDeVos is n't qualified to lead the Dept of Education. Her remarks on students with special needs are disqualifying
why do you take moneyfrom george soros?
Please!!! Vote no on Devos!  You're our only hope!
I see all the Liberal leeches loving you. For now.
Come ONNNN! Be the Hero that sells out to Communists! Why not? Soros paid.
vote no on DeVos otherwise the military will end up with ppl horribly educated due to her
why did you accept money from Soros?
pls you are one of the few who actually still love this country.  For the sake of the children, NO to DeVos!  #holdthefloor
Please stand up and vote NO on DeVos. She's spectacularly unqualified.
imploring you to vote NO on DeVos! Do the right thing!
begging you to Vote No on DeVos. She is dangerously unqualified and will imperil education. Please #VoteNoDevos
I forgot. Please say No to DeVos. She is not qualified to lead US Education
stand up to Trump- can you really support DeVos ? Show some leadership !
I agree. The veterans deserve good care. Thank you. We must always take care of our own
Like you care?  Why did you take money from Soros, a person who wants to destroy the US?  You are a Soros Puppet!!!
Say No to DeVos. There are better qualified people for this position.
please vote no on DeVos she is bad for all kids n those with disabilities
Special education students deserve more from you. Show them you care about them. #VoteNoDevos Betsy DeVos is not qualified.
As a parent, please. Devos could not be more wrong.
#VoteNoDevos Is Pay-to-Play acceptable to you? You're a patriot--listen to parents: We don't want DeVos SOE. #VoteNoDevos
Say NO to DeVos please!  Don't sell out!
YES. Someone needs to rescue the VA since it was screwed up on your watch!
Vote NO on DeVos.
One War Vet to another, quit being establishment. You, Ryan and Rubio got re-elected. WE'RE WATCHING YOU.
Before today I knew Trump was a traitor. After his interview with Fox it is clear fact. PLEASE find out what is going on!
say no to DeVos! Be on the right side of history.
