You're a disgrace! My town's tech industry all went overseas post NAFTA. It was once thriving and is now a ghost town. Detroit, heard of it?
I'm in AZ bcuz #NAFTA too my Detroit Auto job in 06. Eat sh*t McCain. You're a traitor to the State.
Yep ... if one looks at the data there's a direct correlation between the ghost town that is now Detroit and fleecing of US jobs by NAFTA.
28,000 Ford Motor Company employees lost their jobs in 2006 due to #NAFTA - The Big 3 are no longer the Big 3.
Canada and Mexico are our biggest markets.It 's complex-ending NAFTA could cause job losses if they go elsewhere & higher prices at grocers
There were >100 TV manufactures in the US that stimulated other domestic business to provide resources. After NAFTA every one of them left.
We have everything we need in the US to be self-sustaining once again and do not need to depend on imports. Will take a while but possible.
So you are saying no imports and no exports? Even in the 1600s we were exporting and importing.
You are wrong. I'm tired of having to compete with others that are 1 not a citizen and 2 are bilingual when English is our dominant language
Then do your job and get this investigation rolling!!!!!!!  Nobody wants him as president.  Not talking about that sliver of America btw.
Unless there is irrefutable evidence he personally worked with Russia to hack elections, nothing will come of the investigation.
wrong.  evidence about lifting sanctions and payola.  nothing to do with hacking.
ok show that evidence? Still waiting
we are all waiting ....
Stupid accusation of the day
Freakin Vietnamese couldn't have just put him out of our misery
Arizona is only one little state. We have the rest of the United States to be concerned about also. Need to get out of NAFTA completely.
It would be nice if Republicans in congress could reign in this traitor, game show host president. Oh, you can! Just find your farging balls
Someone needs to talk to him..maybe the republicans?  There just HAS to be some of these guys who see your point of view and are not afraid.
McCain has no understanding of what the working people really need. Our elected have lost site of all deplorables.
It's essential for all 50 states to keep NAFTA.  We need to restart and approve the TPP. Free trade lifts up everyone's economics!
I respect you Senator, but why not investigate this man correctly with an Independent investigation?
We've lost so much due to NAFTA.
Gop better start standing up to this bs or you will be replaced
He was. try putting yourself in that pow camp. can't do it right? I don't care for the guy. But he's a war hero. #dva #vets
He is not a hero-he knowingly and willingly left behind over 1200 men in Vietnam-then covered it up to save face
I've never heard of that. I will read the article you sent me
All you need to read is where the article is from to know it is bullshit...
Yes, yes it is! I researched, & easy to see who they are.
How old are you Karen – if you don't mind me asking?
Senator, you know this dude is bad bananas. DO SOMETHING.

Thank you for recognizing the importance of our relationship with Mexico and for not demonizing our neighbors to the South.
@michikokakutani and you shouldn't let him stay in office
Senator, you should vote against his moronic ideas instead of voting your party. Take a stand maverick!
Maverick? This guy is as establishment as they come!
My point. #Sarcasm
If you vote for this Healthcare plan, you are abandoning all of us. Dead people don't work & they don't buy goods
#MedicareForAll
How did you make it b4? It's only been rolling for a few years. 10k for a deductible and soaring premiums for a family of 4 isn't insurance.
I pay 87/month, low deductible.  When I was working, just me=409/month. Before if you could get ins, more $$ for less coverage. Remember?
You must be getting it subsidized by the taxpayer that's for darn sure!
No one cares what you think anymore !
You should take steps to impeach him for Russian involvement.
Admit it John, you're really a Democrat.
Retire mccain! We all see right through you! still running around trying to trash talk our President! dig up any old Russian dirt lately?

N.Y. Times says Trump "likely" to sign executive order offering notice of NAFTA withdrawal. Just spoke with a 1/ https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/04/26/us/politics/nafta-executive-order-trump.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share&_r=0&referer=https://t.co/F5YTsA0l4R …
I disagree,   withdrawing from NAFTA would be the first step to rebuilding Americas industrial base.
Senator you've lost your mind. Don't be like Ali and bow out gracefully.
This whole presidency thing with 45 is a freaking disaster!  #HelpUsMcCain
Obviously @POTUS is a disaster for both the United States and the rest of the world ~ You and your party shouldn't abandon this vital planet
John McCain although i honor your service. Arizona has had several thousands of jobs created to start. What about the rest of US Nafta bad.
Maybe you can ask Intel in Chandler az to quit hiring so many with special Visas, Americans can do these jobs. @SenJohnMcCain
WRONG AGAIN! ALL DUCEY HAS TO DO IS ACT LIKE HE CARES AND HELP CO.'S IN MEXICO MOVE TO AZ. THAT'S A WIN-WIN!
OFFER A ZERO AZ STATE TAX INCENTIVE COUPLED W A HIGHER MINUMUM WAGE AND THEY'LL RUN HOME!
SO MR. MCCAIN, with all due respect your argument is B.oar S.hed!
ELIMINATING NAFTA WILL SAVE AZ NOT HURT IT. DOWN WITH NAFTA!
be quiet.
Withdrawing from you would be a Heaven Sent
The only disaster for AZ is your sorry Soros sock puppet azzzzzz
why hasn't congress tried to a better deal ever?  Stop criticizing trump when congress does nothing.Maybe propose a bill now and then?
It would never happen that Mexico would let us go. 1/3 of their GNP comes here. Admit the Donald actually did something u didn't for past 8
@AmbassadorRice NO, #SUSANRICE AND #JOHNMCCAIN WOULD HAVE BEEN A DISASTER FOR OUR GREAT COUNTRY... THANK GOD FOR TRUMP
BS
Why he's ur best friend now Why don't u tell him. Ur closer to him than we r Traitor
John McCain, it is time for you to retire. You have become a large pain in the neck, offering nothing but criticism.
Ross Perot told you all the negative things that would happen with NAFTA.

Guess what?, he was right.
McCain..You get more liberal every day. And your words are just to blow your own horn just like the Democrat that you really are.
Nafta was the first nail in our coffin to the economy. Rip it up and let's start something different
Who would clean your pool?
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
PLEASE help unite Republicans behind our Pres...NOT criticize him!  Or you will continue to embarrass conservatives in our great state!
Get on board the Trump bandwagon!  He's renegotiating NOT withdrawing!!!    YOU, Sen McCain need to stop bullying, get behind President!
Only thinking of your state ... manynothger states have failed economies bc of NAFTA #AmericaFirst means all of #USA Not AZ only #MAGA
You'r NUTS!
John is a complete fraud.
.@realDonaldTrump = Art of the Deal.  @SenJohnMcCain  = Art of the Squeal!
Like McCain has been so good fortune AZ. He should be put in a home for the totally brain impaired.
You're wrong. Per usual
So new fair trade rules that benefit your state and all the rest...are bad? Smh
Senator McCain, YOU shouldn't abandon your President!
#TermLimits for all NOW!!!!!!
It was, is, & will always be a bad deal & needs to be renegotiated 4 all of America not just 1 state, funny coming from a RINO.
Bologna!
Then do something
Go back to sleep you catatonic old slug. NAFTA was a disaster when it was forced on us and is still a disaster.#MAGA
If John says NO then we say YES. Democrat in disguise
I'll never understand what makes you a Republican. I guess you had to become one to get elected. You are lockstep Democrat though
How can this man be President who shows such ignorance and contempt for American institutions like Congress and the courts? I love America.
@SenJohnMcCain when is @GOP going to start impeachment proceedings? Our hard-won #Democracy under assault, foreign relations undermined...
thanks for the tip buddy that's mean we must withdraw from it. By the way how r ur moderate rebel terrorist friends?
passing @POTUS tax outline w/no detail, inc debt, & his disastrous healthcare proposal will hurt/devastate many Americans
John McCain-D Arizona and my wasted vote for POTUS retire already
Says the person whose terrible campaign helped usher in 8 years of BO
McCain is as happy as a Bug in Crap again and all it took was getting the US back on a War Footing! So N. Korea destroys Seoul ; so what?
You know what else would be a disaster? Continuing to let traitors run our govt. Do something @SenJohnMcCain !
Please go away, RINO 
Exactly.
Agree, it's disaster... But it was people's vote. They have to suffer now. The only chance for them and world - if they learn from mistakes.
You wouldn't get it so much from both sides if you took a stand rather than offering lip service for one while voting the opposite.
#tuckers 
#furniture 
#steel 
#toothbrush 
#cassettetapes etc 
On and on just in Morristown Tenn alone . I county
- NAFTA hurt so many small towns . No one cares till @realDonaldTrump . Taxes highs Jobs gone - no growth . Wake up 
- 
Everyone one I knew how worked, steel furniture , toothbrush , BSFS etc 20 +. No retirement . Hurt America ( greed
Explain how  taking companies over seas taking jobs away us , helps us . Image working toward retirement -proof gone
#arizona should abandon you, sir.
Is that the swamp talking sir, cause I truly believe NAFTA needs a makeover & you should step aside.
I wasn't sure before, but I'm definitely for withdrawing from NAFTA now.
He bangs his way through everything without properly thinking! That's why we rely on you and the other Senators to get him to see the light!
#termlimits
Explain why
Thanks for chiming in McShitstain. When's the sequel to the video of you emotionally abusing your wife coming out?
The disaster is u still running your big mouth with those skeletons busting out your closet door McCain
John McCain Your the Disaster #MAGA #Trump2020 #BuildTheWall
u r clueless how trump works
Retire bed shitter

You oppose everything Trump right up to the minute you vote to approve it. We see you.
You supported Trump, didn't you?  Did you think he was kidding about all these stupid horrible things?  We need you to stand up to him now!
Don't come down to his level. We need you to fight for what is right to the people vs your own party.
oh ok, I hope the Prez does the opposite on what you said,
Sorry but I don't think he gives a shit.
Staff: Mr. President, what are you gonna do about NAFTA?
POTUS: Not sure, what's McCain say?
Staff: He says stay.
POTUS: ok we'll leave it.
RUSSIA
You've done enough obstruction, fund the border wall and repeal Obamacare or get out of my party RINO!
President Trump doesn't care about that. Or any American put out of work.
just leave the republican party or retire, please.  youre not only blood thirsty but completely out of touch.
You have lost all credibility.
The only people against getting out of NAFTA are the ones who are blissfully ignorant to how it has ruined our country.
I think that you are wrong. We should have a better deal for the USA dealing with NAFTA. USA first...
Need more than tweets. Stand up to this disaster now - before he starts WWIII.
There is only one disaster that has plagued Arizona for decades. You.
You haven't done anything to help this country or the people of Arizona. It's time to let @POTUS @realDonaldTrump get the job done!
Oh shut up Senator McQuack. Just retire.
Traitor to our nation, please retire and be quiet.
Please go into early retirement.
RETIRE! #Songbird
Best endorsement for withdrawal.
Retire you RINO PUTZ!
You want us to listen to you but you ignore your constraints and vote with the party.  Hmmmmmm your trust level is declining g in AZ
Says the Democrat in Disguise.......the pedo war monger who is scared shitless he's about to be exposed
Spoken like a true Rhino! Time to go @SenJohnMcCain
You are still complicit in this clown car farce sir. Start packing too.
Trump wants to withdraw from Nafta because that's what China wants & Trump & Kushner owe them money.Americans are tired of this corruption.
where should we begin with the list of what Potus shouldn't do.
fix healthcare, cut taxes, BUILD THE WALL!  No Excuses!!!
#NAFTA #NeverTrump #OurVoice #WeThePeople #Progressive #OurVoiceOurVote #Ronan2018 https://twitter.com/Ronan4Progress/status/857430704870891520 …
You have tried to sabotage him along with your boyfriend Graham.  If you say no that means he should definitely withdraw from it. RETIRE
Retire old man!!!
figures McCain would take this attitude.
Bullshit, NAFTA has done more harm to our country than good. Get out of it, now.
Renegotiate
@JeffFlake outrages that either 1 of you will vote for preposterous trumpcareDoingAwayPreexistingConditions&taxCutsForWealthy
Senator what is happening I'm so confused by Twumps actions. I have to thank you for being a voice for us at this very unbelievable time
With all due respect do you support our president or not. Nothing you do shows support. Please support him or shut the heck up.
Everything McCain has always done is wrong including this. Get rid of NAFTA!
U know what is a disaster? Sham Senate & House investigations on #TrumpRussia. Grow some & have independent investigation b4 WWIII plz
Traitor
You are "past tense." Give up your seat so a supporter of our President can move in. Retire. You no longer Add Value.
So do something about all his stupid actions!
Maybe you should tell him to his face and stop supporting him with your vote.
ok john, then do something.  We don't have any power, you and your fellow Republicans do.  Fix this. Save the American people
If he does then you're partly to blame.
Join the Democratic party and leave us alone.
You should retire
Senator, I hope you'll stand up against Trump's crazy NAFTA ideas. This is about country, not party.
maybe in future some people will pay attention to what a candidate says during the campaign.
Two key words Senator @potus and disaster.  Thank you for putting country, and your constituents over party.
He shouldn't be doing a lot of things. We need to see his tax returns. Grow some balls and hold him to a higher standard
U should retire
But you'll back him if he does it! Shaking your head sadly. Chickenshit phoney
Please get R Russiangate Senate & congressional leaders 2 do their blessed job 4 US citizens! U have sway USE IT Stop 45. Country over party
And Bombing North Korea will destroy our country. How about you all stop the friggin field trips and do your job. Country before party!
Get out. Hasn't l workef.  Stop it
Don't lie to yourself: you'll be knocking over your fellow GOP to vote "aye" to whatever Trump proposes.
If the Koch brothers want him to then he will. Anybody w/any pride or love of country left in GOP? Is WH corruption too big to fail?
