Pls stay focused on our main problem. Did you not see donthecon's Oval Office antics yesterday? You were brave for 6 years a long time ago.
Don't we have enough evidences to impeach Trump??! He is disgrace and danger to our country. Please take measures!
McCain takes $$$ from Soros, who knows what all illegal activity Soros is in.  I say just to be on safe side, Stay away from kids McCain
great job we need to give them more help thanks
hopefully president Trump send you back to Vietnam, we Nam will love you long time,so much you dont want to leave the country anymore.
The country needs your help. We need a special prosecutor. We need to know if Trump and others have been comprised by the Russians.
Wasting money doesn't help America. Obama had eight years to set up this Russian story. Why didn't he fix the problems.
Protecting our democracy from outside interference is hardly wasted money. Trump is a bad actor and so are many people around him.
The Democratic's put all our Healthcare on the internet that's not secure. H. Clinton used a private home server for Government Business.
Why would they have been excluded in the first place?
What is your ulterior motive a rational person would ask, A heads up?
Stronger penalities will stop this type of crime. We have become too soft on these criminals.
I'm appalled that they were excluded anyways, why?? #fedup

Mr McCain I have always trusted ur judgement. But plz help against this trumpmed & his dictatorship. Those with 5 or6 figures will benefit
I think that should go without saying, and without having to have a bill... just me...First Americans!
Impt, but... This is your moment to save the country you have sacrificed so much for. Don't be a GOP sheep-call for a special prosecutor.

McCain is a Trump hater, he is a sick twisted old fart that needs to go away.
Awesome. Thanks for caring.
Thank you. Most of the country does not realize the impact this has on families.
Sure. This is great. Now that protecting our sovereignty and our democratic system...

Vladimir Putin personally asked President Trump to host Russia's foreign minister in Oval Office, per Susan Glasser: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/05/10/james-comey-firing-trump-lavrov-putin-215124 …
OH what a bill--- are do nothing of any merit
By aliens...
Good bill to help those many forget about. And please keep pushing on the private investigation on Trump. Thank you for standing up.
How about you demand an independent investigation & find more Republicans to do the same. Party of patriots? Never a better time for it
Great idea! Re: Amber extension to reservations.  Thanks for voting not to change Methane rules!  Save our National Lands as well, please!
I'm shock that it wasn't already
I am fully behind this. I never understood why the tribal lands were not part of AMBER Alert.
THANK YOU for your methane vote today!
U said, the President doesn't have the right to fire the F.B.I director & it's unprecedented. Wrong & wrong. He can & Clinton did also.
Good job. Now please do something about that evil treasonous McConnell.
How about removing trump? If this were Obama you would have him executed.
Or we could dissolve the reservations. They arent conducive to a thriving populace. They are full of drugs and sex crime and dependants.
Thanks for your vote today to help the environment Mr. McCain. Proud Phoenix resident! Keep the positive legislation going sir!
Yours is a powerful voice. PLEASE EMPLOY IT! #RussiaGate #TreasonousTrump
As probably the last repub who puts country above party, I implore you for HELP!!! #TrumpGate #Russia #TreasonousTrump
Why weren't all peoples included in the original AMBER Alert system. Making a new bill, is a duplication of work. It should have been done.
I didn't vote for you in '08 but I've never doubted your patriotism. History remembers heros. #savetherepublic
Give another NATION what??? You can  give your OWN money Johnny Boy
Isn't it unconstitutional for the government to hold Native American assets in a phony trust?  Give them the right to determine their future
Does Country come first to you 100%?
How about ending the tragedy of your term.
Hey little john, your vote on the methane rule was inexplicable. You lost my support forever. Go live with Bernie. Adios non amigo!
Your track record with our communities isn't the best, John. Lot of people poisoned and robbed thanks to your policies.
Admirable. Now #growapair and lead the call to investigate and impeach your party's leader. #ComeyFiring
Special prosecutor. Treason. All enemies foreign and domestic. Do it.
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain
nobody feels safe anymore! I am not big on conspiracy theories, but DAMN IT Trump is guilty! Do your job!!!
Thank you for remembering these communities!
Obstruction of justice, abuse of power, ties to Russia and no one will stand up? 
As a former Arizonan and neighbor of yours, shocked!
No business until a special prosecutor is called. I do think your so called bravery is a big myth at this point. Maybe you were once brave.
So much distraction. Any bravery you had you seem to have left in the jungles of Vietnam. If you enable Trump, YOU are a TRAITOR too. Sad.
support your president!  NO EXCUSES!  The media is never going to like you!
Thank you, Senator McCain. This bill is heroism, to say the least.
LOL!! LOL!! John, you are being too obvious. LOL!!
@claudettedubhoi I respect you as a Veteran and POW. We have more than Amber Alert in D.C. DO YOUR DUTY SAILOR or bail out
@GOP Thank you for speaking up about comey's firing.The rest of republicans should do the same.This is wrong & not normal.
Geez, you've allowed Russians into our sacred White House.
Yes. But also work towards impeachment. Thank you.
When do we march.  You are one of our political leaders, when do we walk to DC & knock on the White House Door????
Thank for your work on this bill and for voting "no" on CRA methane waste prevention rule. 
@SpeakerRyan I fully support @POTUS
Won't help until you get the pedophiles out of Amber alert.  But I guess that doesn't bother you.
Senator McCain just wanted you to know I support @POTUS  I would appreciate you focusing on 1) TAX CUTS 2) Build wall 3) repeal ObamaCare.
Trump was correct about Comey. The investigation continues w/out Comey. To date, nothing there as per Feinstein, Morrell, Clapper.
Such a Maverick @SenJohnMcCain! Putin and his puppet celebrated the defeat of our FBI today, what are you going to do Senator!
I suppose something good had to happen today.
What a great way to repurpose Indian gaming monies.
This is y McCain needs to be removed. He wastes our time. He's old and doddery. He's a traitor. Get him gone @AZGOPdotorg @ConservatAZ
John McCain on Comey firing: ‘There will be more shoes to drop’ . Jealous dick
So your organization can abduct them yourselves for you child trafficking buddies. Please remove the R from behind your name.
A president with a 36% approval rating, can not lead the country. Do your job. Subpoena Trump's taxes. Follow the lies & the money. #Russia
Wonderful, I approve. Now what are you doing about Trump? The investigation needs more resources. Comey was fired for asking for more.
You are restoring pride in me! Thank you Senator!!
be a patriot John . Stand up to the corruption for gods sake!
Disgraceful.. why was there no US press in the White House today and only Russian press who released these photos..?
Thanks for voting against your party and for the environment today Senator! Much respect.
Thank you for caring. Thank you for doing what is kind and moral regardless of your affiliation with the party of 45.
Why is this a disputed bill? As long as there isn't a lot of pork barrel legislation thrown in, this should be a bipartisan effort.
Actions speak louder than words. Stand the F up for this country Senator, this is your time! Before it's too late...
TY for putting forth bills like this and voting in support of clean air earlier today.
I realize U have other business to conduct. Can U Plz Make #1 Priority #ImpeachTrumpNow & FBI Firing. Trump hiding HIS Russian Connection.
What are you going to do Senator McCain arm them with more weapons? I'm all about saving kids but not the way you want to do it
Seems like this should have already been in place?
that's great. what are you going to do about a special committee to investigate trump's russia ties?
Where's the bill for special prosecutor?!
My Kansas congressmen are putting partisanship ahead of an independent investigation of Team Trump and Russia, and Trump's finances. HELP US
Senator McCain Demand a Special Prosecutor  No more business in Washington until one is appointed Country over Party Stand Up for us
Hey John, about that Russia investigation
This is a great bill and will help in New Mexico and other states. Good job
we need an independent counsel to head Russian collision investigation. Please stand up. Country over party.
Senator, I'd like to report the abduction of our democracy. Last seen in the tiny, tiny hands of a draft-dodging orange thug.
Just resign and we will see child abductions decrease Hanoi john.  Just go away already effing traitor dysfunct.
Impeach the president. Then we can get a back to other important business
Thank God for someone that's doing something good and constructive in Washington. Thank you Senator McCain.
Good move! Now be the patriot you claim to be and get rid of the clown in the White House!
Senator this is all wonderful but please use the bully pulpit to call out DJT and his corrupt complicit administration!
J, I gotta say, it's time 2stop all policy except #IndependentInvestigation & #impeachTrumpnow Do u want 2 bcome police state on ur watch?
He doesnt care. Didnt his wife just get some job from Trump. McCain will go down as a complicit coward. History is watching!
Seriously, PRIORITIES man! DO something! #independentProsecutor #GOPcoverup #Trumprussia
Seriously?! You are all over the map today, except where you should be: protecting our country's sovereignty. #ComeyFiring
Senator McCain, please take Sue's comment to heart!  I have a hard time trusting you.
Thank you. This is a very important bill.
Senator come on the country is in uproar
Are you trying to tweetstorm about every subject under the sun today? Tweet your friend McConnell & demand an independent investigation.
As long as it doesn't include a bunch of sly perks to fatten ppls pocketbooks then this is a good thing.
Just lost a lil more respect for you, really, you're going in the red on respect meter! You're so out of touch w reality!
He's going to do what he wants , he just got re-elected ( don't know How ) he's worried about all his corruption getting looked at.
If you really want child abductions to stop tell your pedo friends in D.C. to stop buying them! #vets4childrescue
For the love of God, stop acting like you give a shit. You're allowing a president to destroy democracy and allowing ICE to destroy...
...immigrants and their families, but today, you're tweeting about the Syria attack over a month ago, Bison herds and Amber alerts...
...you've been silent about the women and young girls Trump sexually assaulted, so your concern for Native Americans is hollow.
I'm shocked that they don't already have this
Special Prosecutor - That is the only item of business that needs to be on your agenda today, Senator.  Please do your job.
Will it protect us from RUSSIANS?
Prolly a good idea but let's be clear "Indian Country" is kinda insulting Remember, the America's weren't settled, they were "Invaded"
Expanded? Why was it ever blocked?
We need (1) to let us know when this bastard leaves WH!
Need to establish 911 first! Not all tribes have 911 service.
Quit obstructing making America great again and back the President!!! Or go away... #draintheswamp
Quit obstructing making America great again and impeach the illegitimate dictator wannabe....FIXED
Great, R's response: a kid missing? Are they Mexicans, Muslim, Black, Indian, poor, not white? then who cares.
Anything else going on you want to talk about? Asking for a friend.
Finally something that doesn't involve bombing
Very good, Senator. On an unrelated matter: traitor still in the White House.
thank you @SenJohnMcCain I had no Idea they weren't in the loop on AMBER. It gets used a LOT here in Oregon.
Where's your bill for a Special Counsel, Senator?
He's the one that's going to be investigated
Thank you! Way over due and very much needed. Can you talk to the elected in North Dakota about doing the same up there?
Are you going to sit by and do nothing while the GOP lets Trump shut down FBI investigation?  You know what's happening here.
PLease join the Democrats...They love you.
No its not. Its you spending money to buy votes is what it is you dishonest hack
How about you focus on the abduction of our government by Trump and his cronies?
Exactly!
He can't even run for president and win more the last get rid of who's in there now we have a great commander and chief now, get use to it
Thank you for being the only person in the GOP that has a spine #RussiaGate
