Sen McCain I have been a loyal republican for over 40 years. Trump is leading us into the abyss. He is morally vacant.
Trump is also fiscally ignorant.
Sen McCain please help America.
Senator, listen up and listen good. You need to stop -- pardon the expression -- PUSSYFOOTING around and LEAD the GOP charge.
There are two sides here--the fucking RUSSIANS and those of us who support the CONSTITUTION.  CHOOSE.  We're losing patience w/your ass.
You know goddamn well that Trump is up to his NECK in Russian shenanigans, that he's being blackmailed, and he's got traitors on his staff.
Hold that thought.  It just came out tonight that John McCain asked a Russian diplomat for a campaign donation.  Illegal.
LOL--from WIKILEAKS?  Putin's LAUNDROMAT!  I got 2 Trump words for ya:  "Fake news!"  Trump must be scared shitless of McCain...
John McCain because of his service in Vietnam.   But when it comes to light that he didn't Want to allow POW'S to be searched
You're pretty much proving that you're entirely  divorced from reality with every remark you make, to put it kindly.
you all live in.
I have been a good and honorable republican. Trump and his deceptive behavior does not represent the Republican Party.
YOU SHOULD LIVE WHAT YOU PREACH!
Really? You voted YES on every single nominee, despite your constituents begging you not to.
He didn't vote yes to all of them. Fact check.
You're right. He voted no one ONE.
agreed! America is was and always will be great! stand up to Trump.I'm a hardworking proudCitizenI have much respect for you
please go on Rachel Maddow's show to discuss.@maddow
Yet You Speak Bad of Our @POTUS What Does That Say About Your Character,
where then Sir, do you stand on our serial lying CIC?
tax returns? Nominations?
Not a law or requirement for presidency and not anyone's business except our IRS. PERIOD. Supporters don't care.
Trump supporters are minority in this country. Our nation was founded on "majority rules".
Electoral Votes determine presidency not popular votes. Get it!
Thanks for your service Sen, but you voted against veterans throughout Obama 's tenure- not much of a maverick. @tvitrAgnt69
#republicanparty is responsible for 45's conduct, including barring press from @WhiteHouse briefing. Please clean mess.
@jennigribble 

Who did you vote for last November, Senator? Did you put party or country first?
both republican for life God first
How did you vote about forcing Trump to reveal tax returns?
What about tyranny in Trump administration? Please defend democracy! Investigate Russia/Trump ties! Defend our sovereignty !
is that why you voted Yes to Jeff Sessions?
Or yes to @BetsyDeVosED?
again ... of course he didn't say no because he would lose his position in line lol
Goes deep. She is far Christian R. Guess who else? VP pick Palin
So you're a bigot against Christians. What's up with that?
Don't preach to us when the WH has lied, slandered, promoted religious hate.
tonight more than ever. Free press will be a light
then stop approving his damned nominees!! Be a hero again and stop suckling off the diseased teat of this administration.
Sen McCain has changed he is not who he used to be. He even took $ from DeVos. Rubio took $97,000.00 from her.
yeah. It's sad though. He was my dads hero. I use the #HeroNoMore tag when I address him most times. #bought
Yea who knew McCain would end up being a sell out after all he went through. All our lives at stake now tho
Voted yes for nominees. Kinda wants to make her breakfast too with his bloody stump. 2
are these still values on the Republican side, has anyone told the president?
Thank you!!!  Please rescue us from this nightmare. Please.
I'm not even a single mother and we barely make it . I can't imagine what they go through
Oh.  You must mean the falsehood of asking a Russian diplomat for a campaign donation.  Dude, you are so done.
and keep standing up to investigate Russia hacking
Cheap talk! The intelligence chairs are #White_House lackies, and you are letting them whitewash the Russian interference!
let's see you follow this to the end
I am calling you out for being a very disgrace to your country and you should be changed with treason with working with nwo
Tyranny and falsehood have taken over the Presidency, and 62% of Americans despair.  Please do something to save our country!
please, be honest. Say you're at heart a democrat.
GLOBALIST, TAKER OF BRIBES, TRAITOR
I have yet to see anything positive out of this. I did learn that it matters zero to speak up and care
Fine words, John. Now get to work and investigate whether the President is a lying traitor.
@nealrogers with this president. America is not taken seriously anymore here in europe
funny that leftist leaders are losing throughout Europe. Progressives are not being taken serious
well a lot of elections still need to be held.in some countries populists have gained.
what are you doing about the #TrumpRussia connection.  McConnell is stonewalling.  You could break the ice.  #DoYourJob
can't tell w/o an investigation.  Did you pooh-poor Clinton email server?
I lost faith in our democracy because of republicans care more about party then country
And they care more about their own personal wealth than both of those things
Yeap$ the problem!Self enriching themselves only now we all may bkilled if not by DTthe climate
True...scary stuff :(
john mccain & news media is all fake. we see it for ourselves. we don't need you losers to lie to us. we know liars. you liar
Quit voting with this guy. Country over party. Ryan must go...
Is your 'moral' superiority isomorphic with 'military' superiority? ...the 'truth' of WMD in 2003? Rolling Thunder -freedom?
Wish there could be more Republicans like you and Sen. Graham. After Trump I will NEVER vote GOP again. EVER!!!
glad you're talking the talk, how about walking the walk. Actions speak volumes and the American people are paying attention
Truth against falsehood? Freedom against tyranny? Hope against despair? You're in the WrongParty @SenJohnMcCain to be preaching those values
u have done so much and I'm very grateful. Please sir continue to push for thorough investigation #TrumpRussia we need a hero
these values are no longer the basis for the Republcan party, CPAC speaking line up proves it.
Then act like you mean it and get a backbone. Stop greenlighting all of Trump's cabinet picks and EOs. Stand & fight #resist
Then vote your conscience not the Republican party line.
REALLY!!!!!!! WHO DO YOU THINK YOUR KIDDING
<--When will you stand up & FIGHT! Investigate TraitorTrump! Where are trump's taxes? DO YOUR JOB! #RESIST @Betsyg6Gervasi
Absolutely
Why did u vote for all of the assholes that Trump wanted to put in office?  What now, John?
please continue to put country first over party, a true American Hero
please do the right thing and bring Trump and his cronies to justice.  Our country depends on it.
If you believe these words stop putting Party over Country and start looking into #Trumps Russian ties.
So do something then. Enough with the jaw-jacking.
@WendiSmith18 #McCainIsAtraitor
Not a Republican, but believe you have some guts and integrity.  Save your party...possibly the country.  Do the right thing.
you already fucked us over. Do what is correct. Morally correct!!!
step up!
keep up the GOOD bypartisian fight John McCain - grateful for your voice
Pls stop party-voting, and stand up for what you really believe in. Show us you mean this. We need you.
This might be your life's mission, to lead your party away from that tyrannical madman & save us all. Are you up to it?
Actions, please, Senator. Not words.
I want to believe in you, I want to place some hope in your ability to stand up to Trump, but so far it's just words.
Words words words.  Back them up with some action.
John you're a good American. Please don't repeal the ACA. Don't let this admin ruin America.
make America proud again! We have been an embarrassment since Trump took office. You maybe our only hope.
..@SenJohnMcCain @Aldbarnes67 Sounds great. All talk. Now do something about the problem. Revitalize your legacy.
does that include asking Russia for ILLEGAL campaign money?
Is it possible to be honorable and hypocritical at the same time? You are an honorable man yet vote party line Why?
.@SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain The so-called @POTUS you blindly support lies every time he opens his mouth. Sad!
Very difficult w this regime. Morally bankrupt fear mongering
John McCain has no morals.
Thank God, for John McCain - he is one of the only GOP politicians not selling out to Russia!!!
please don't let trump drag this country down any further
disavow haters, vote from compassion!! not from saving your career.thank you for service in war, This is war too, speak up
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS!!!! #DumpTrump #ImpeachTrump #PeopleBeforeParty #AmericaIsInDistress
@MeghanMcCain  Please do your job. What we in AZ elected you to do Stop with the nonsense. It's easy to be mean and degrading
S
this is literally the fight of your life! Resist!
Im a Dem & really appreciate ur level head around the chaos in the WH. We don't have 2 agree on everything--except integrity
Thank you Senator McCain
so when are you going to do something about this lunatic?
Be the Republican that put country over party. You voted for cabinet that u shouldn't have. Start now to fix it.
You can "see"TRUTH & who speaks it. Trump has not earned the Right 2 speak yur name.TY 4 yr courage
Do something
You're saying the right things. But you voted in Mr. Sessions. I hope you begin walking the walk.
thank you for supporting the Constitution.I beg of you to please take action and investigate the enemies of our state. Russia
@askjillian Yet you continue to vote along party lines John. Sometimes doing what's right should come first. #2Faced #StandUp
rich & powerful Trump appointees will crush attempts 2 take down Trump, what will U do 2 get rid of him & save our country?
you are the voice of reason in the Republican Party. Thank you for being brace!
DON'T JUST TALK. DO SOMETHING!  Lead the charge. Show the GOP what integrity and guts look like. #Resist
Really? Where was this sentiment when you were voting for unqualified and unethical cabinet picks?? Where, John?!?!
Yes, you need to lead Republicans against Trump, he is killing this nation.
I don't like your politics but I respect you more than any other Republican for standing up for the country over party!
get with the program! You lost bid to be President! Support @realDonaldTrump @POTUS!  STOP the resistance! You are the swamp!
LOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSERLOSER!!!!!
believing in moral superiority is the reason countries get into wars. We need to respect cultural and religious difference.
nice speech in Europe
John, you can change the world. Please, John. Please.
"Moral superiority"?
so why do you keep up the charade that Trump is bad for your liberal cronies?? You and the crybabies are the problem!
Then stop voting in his god damn nominees.
This statement sounds strong & good, but why then did you not vote against Sessions,DeVos et al. whose positions oppose this
when all are saying look at the emperors new clothes, one says "he is naked! And soon everyone will see,

Thank you for speaking up for what's right, and not cowering to Trump's bullying.
Your empty words mean jack shit. Back it up with actions then we'll talk.
@SenCoryGardner Nation over party. Start voting for the people. Investigate Trump.
You can't just believe in them, you have to vote for them too.
Be an American hero once again and stand up to Trump and do what has to be done. The country is counting on you.
you are all talk,sir,start acting!Much respect for you in the past is becoming less with every vote you roll over on #stophim
you failed us on #devos ...You now have a chance 2 redeem yourself. Do the right thing and help get rid of #trump @Rosie
Be the Kennedy we need in these desperate times, Senator
@DonnaFlowerree CHAOS like I have never seen u know it&I KNOW THIS PLEASE PLEASE HELP STOP THE MADNESS WE NEED U#SandUpMcCain
Thank you!
@DonnaFlowerree Mr McCain I'm a democrat & American I feel ur the only one to help our country now. Let's all admit this is
you need to stick to being a mother. Then maybe not!!!
Actions>Words-Heros, patriots are for times like now. We support those who choose country over party, freedom over tyranny.
Please continue 2B the voice of reason in an otherwise reasonless WH and, quite frankly, Senate. We need U to give us hope.
PLEASE please do something about Trump & his ties to Russia!
as a constituent, I'd love to see you put action behind those words. Please hold 45 accountable.
honestly can't believe this is happening.i cry every night .Im 56 yrs born raised ny in Seattle I voted for Bush  for Obama
Yet you voted for Jeff Sessions & Betsy DeVoss. Big talk no action. Be a real Maverick John!
You have the power to do something Senator! @SenJohnMcCain
thank you for showing what america first actually means. Not in words but deeds
better late than never...
help us. Do something. Stand up for what is right because this government has time&time again proven that they are wrong
We the People are in dire need of a masterful counter to this Trump nightmare. Put on the full armor of Christ & defend us!!!
Yes. And please apologize for your VP pick and that "real America" BS.
Do the right, moral thing...bipartisan investigation. Vital! You can make that happen.
#UnitedStatesIsGreat  Did #Trump ever say which #America he was planning to make "Great" - North, Central or South America?
... so, when are you going to take some action? You guys could easily get his tax returns tomorrow! Talk is CHEAP!!
Dude, how is it you are being vocal now? where the hell have you been all these years? Typical politician! MAGA!
Your words say you know how to put country before party; it's time to back up the words with actions
You keep speaking the words needed, but not taking the actions needed.
We are counting on you to save us, sir!
Please actually do something about it. The time for talk is over.
bring your party back in, its on the loose and gone cray cray
So true! #help veterans that are having there pay checks take to pay back money because they served and followed orders!
That means we CANNOT HAVE IT BOTH WAYS!
We cannot say Putin is a murderer and Erdogan is a Friend???
Following your own advice... Your disrepect for Trump is
          Disgusting...  You almost sank and aircraft carrier..
@MeghanMcCain 
And YOU SHOULD SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT--NOT DISSING HIM TO THE WORLD
Sen. we now have a pres. who believes in none of those things. You have fought before. How will you protect the republic now?
globalist values are anti America values and created for traitors !
Tell that to Trump the traitor.
@DanielleGorsha Ooh Johnny Boy get over your past pain jump on the Trump train we need your vote.
thanks for speaking out, but please remember that actions speak louder then words. Demand an investigation to Russian ties!
your actions speak louder than your words.   And they're saying PARTY OVER COUNTRY
You are exactly the reason we need Term Limits! Retire and move to a nursing home.
You are clearly one of the SWAMP and need to be removed. What ever reasons you hate Trump, grow up and get behind our leader!
Agreed, but hard to have hope when the darkness of the current regime has deeply divided America. No common reality
prove it. Put your money where your mouth is.
you are a thorn in Americas side!
you must stop trump from spreading lies. He's a danger to this country. His people R not qualified & yet U support them
Trump never said we don't need the press! You are lying and no better than a lying Journalist.
My Values and your Values are not in line so do I get the freedom to have my own VALUES? Must I aline with you to be free?
@MeghanMcCain Few here will listen to the old man so he has to go abroad to diss Trump and his supporters. #Retire
Thank you for standing up for all Americans. If only all Republican leaders were as courageous and honorable
you're of the good old GOP. The ones my friends USED to vote for. Maybe they will again. #russiagate Thank you 4 standing up
What Values? A Nation of Queers, and other evil doers. Race Mixers, and a Babylon of Multiculturalism. War mongers. #YEYEEGF
You have no morals, you are a traitor, you are a Trump hater, you suck. Don't tell me about morals.
you sir have no values, especially to this country. I am shocked that you went to a foreign country and DISHED our president
Hey chipmunk. Your done, cooked. We lost faith in you when you didn't have the backbone against Obama.
thank you for being one of the few republicans to stand up for America and what is right.
@blackrepublican even after you've accepted the devil's gift? Your chant is no more the words without meaning....
hypocrite..
@DudeInDistress leave your party and become an independant
you work for the tyrants in the deep state you warhawk, go fool someone else traitor
hypocritical nationalistic fervor! Suggest our Pres. is a dictator? On foreign soil? In Germany for God's sake? DISGRACEFUL
So start supporting our President Trump, or you will lose our Vote. And everyone we talk too will not Vote for you.
thank you for being the voice of reason for the R's.  They've lost their ability to tell the truth.  You have my respect.
Another speech. ALL WORDS/NO ACTION! DEMAND TRUTH re: Trump/campaign/admin. THEY r the threat. Ur complicit until u standup!
Please, Please, promote this belief in Congress. Be our voice. Don't let him speak for all of us. We need your bravery.
I see in your actions and words how much you love your country. And are able to put politics aside to do what is right.
Thank You!!
you are the one bright star in Washington now.  Don't let hate and divisiveness bring down our democracy.
Then why vote yes on all of trumps nominees? Your words are worthless and your votes only embolden a lunatic. #shame
biggest tyranny is Saudi Arabia that you support. They are the source of all evil with their Wahhabi theology
