Time for you to go, Sir.
Manning revealed army secrets to hurt America. Wikileaks simply reveals corruption.
war mingering pigs of this world

Chelsea Manning is small potatoes.  Discuss the #RussianHacking, #ACA, #MuslimBan.
not a Republican but have great respect for you and trying to stand for what's right for all the people not just republicans
watched Frontline as usual,learned what a special Man U are,& how u handled people tht spoke bad abt Obama when running.
You r an untrustworthy, pathetic politician that is owned by donors. John's worth 21 million on a salary under 200k a yr. HOW
McCain - not MY hero.  You sold out fellow POWs and now you're selling out the GOP... Shame...
Speak out about Trump and Putin.   Don't not let this get away.  You KNOW they have done this together.  It's up to you....
don't take your focus off of Trump/Russia!!
USE A REAL NEWS NETWORK FOX IS A JOKE FOR JOKERS!
Could you please just retire, my God you are despicable,
you are a traitor to this country if you don't support Trump and Tillerson
Time for you to step down old man!
coward, coward, coward, snitch
=TRAITOR/ SunniWarlords PUPPET!  #GOOGLE "SongBird McCain" @FoxNews @AP #DRUDGEHEADLINES @JoeNBC @seanhannity
You should worry less about Manning, and more about how to get Manefort and Carter under oath.
you need to go home.!!! Thanks for all veterans waiting 6 months or longer

@MishGEA 
YOUR LYING ABOUT MANNING IS DISGRACEFUL:
Really - you want to focus on this, not the confirmation hearings? Interesting priorities.
.Опубликуйте украинских политиков которые купили билеты к вам на инаугурацию.Чтобы люди,знали.
please do not confirm the unqualified & questionable nominees; DeVos, Tillerson, Pruitt
if you're the great patriot you are made out to be, you can't possibly confirm tillerson

Hardly the biggest threats to our  country right now.  Reject Trump's candidates!
more concerning, Rick Perry doesn't understand the role for which he's been tapped. What are you and the senate doing?

will you talk about how #israeli #FakeNews #terrorists are such great artists http://fxn.ws/2iylVR1 
so youre going to pointlessly whine about someone being shown mercy?
Do Republicans KNOW that they mock JESUS?
over his bruised ego. You may be the only man man enough to turn it around.
Ryan & his crew are gutting Medicare, creating new pre-existing cond. exemptions & making all
you act like you expect something else for Obama
Time to rally critically thinking Republicans!!!
I used to really respect you but slowly losing faith in you. Can't stand up to Trump
you support a narcissistic treasonous president elect. He is involved with Russia. That ok.
Remember this?
Can we bring back a stiff penalty for spies, like the execution of the Rosenbergs in WWII.
Unacceptable precedent! Traitors only deserve swift death. Life in posh prison too good
Get over it! Just like Fox News told the infuriated people of the USA to get over Russia!!!
meeting Oreilly because Chelsea don't have millions to settle out of Court???
don't forget General Petraeus' hand slap
what does racist O'Reilly knows about justice. He pays his victims.
flipped to Fox business
A disgrace to our brave man who were placed in arms way by traitor. He got away with treason!
Please talk about the Cabinet appointments instead climate denier & uneducated educator DeVos
Does not care what you say or think.
Friends don't let friends watch Fox
Can you discuss Pence saying T***p can build the wall by Executive Order?
We didn't sentence Patraeus & she served as a transgender woman in a male prison for 7 yrs...long enough!
https://twitter.com/koranisburning/status/821326839150944256 …
we know what this man says is true! U should be in jail!
Sen McCain you might want to start truth telling. We know the truth. At least you retracted the statement!
Disgraceful that a traitor is given consideration and not Gen. Patreaus, a true patriot!
Stop trying to reason with the left, they NEVER cut us a break.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.....
please get on board with the Republican's
Why doesn't leaker want to be  McCain and his butt buddy Graham sit out the inauguration also.
LOL agreed. and we won't miss ANY of the Dems not there either.
Watching
Heykids @TrumpyDaClown here. Smell my Flower    #honkhonk #pp that's not warm apple juice! live @WhiteHouse in2 days!
How does it compare to Nixon's pardon of you?
where else would a repub go & get a natl soapbox 2 express his outrage at Obama without question?
OKAY! WE DO NOT WATCH FOX 5!
Fuck mccain and Fuck oreilly, they're about as relevant as a foghat concert
discussion topics: #crosscheck #cabinetnominees GOP #electionfraud
If anything at all happens to the POTUS...AZ will hold U & FLAKE PERSONALLY responsible.
I'll be watching.
Hey Gen. Petraeus didn't do a day. & he gave secrets away 4 a piece of cheap a-s
What outlet RU proposing 4exposing govt criminal acts 4 whistleblowers? Fix the Whistle Act!
Appalling decision by Obama
I hope you have a REALLY BIG problem with "her" sentence being commuted
What's she really guilty of? Giving the military a black eye for committing war crimes.
SORE LOSER JOHN .
I prefer heroes that don't go on O'Reilly:(
Sen McCain, please tell us how you represent Republicans and their agenda.Thank you.
Read his 2014 Censure by AZ GOP!  Explains GOPe.Whistleblowers expose them.
do it respectfully unlike your incoming leader
she served 7 years, John.  You can do a lot to heal things.
Don't tell me. . . *holds hand to forehead like Kristin*. . .  you're against it. . .
Looking forward to it. Please support President Elect Trump.
wow where is that on your list really, John?
Not WWIII on Russia?  New talking points....
should be a fun circle-jerk.
