NEED FOR ACTION....CANT HAVE IT BOTH WAYS! TRUMP ACTED W/POWER & NOW U BITCH HE DIDNT TELL U AND CONGRESS! REALLY! "HE DONT HAVE TO, GET IT"
this is exactly what @HillaryClinton wanted, which is why we voted for candidate that didn't want to start #WWIII #falseflag #SyriaGasAttack
I think old school repubs and dems have been wanting a war with Russia and since Trump would not sanction Russia..this happened.
exactly this. Its the old establishment on both parties who've been trying to start war in Syria for years
Glad to know someone else out there thinks the same as me!
Our Founders would not see such action as justified; Syria's act, though heinous, was not an attack on the US, nor are they threatening us.
Brave guys when they or their children R not going to war. I suggest that whoever in the congress approve war be the first in the front líne
Sen Rubio is against Russia undermining our democratic institutions and yet the admin and GOP are doing just that from within! Bannon begone
How can destruction be good. Since when is clean air/water or education/conservation/health R or L? How about good vs bad Like air and water
If Lindsey and McCain had a son if would be little waterboy > @marcorubio
And now what? Whose sons and daughters will be on the ground in Syria? Don't think it was wise to do unilaterally.
Of course the world's waiting and watching. That's all they ever do.
My advice to @potus is do the opposite of what McCain Graham say to do.
They are Liberals in Republican clothing !
Senator Lindsey Graham tells Senator John Magoo...correction McCain~I want the Mexican Peru Colombia Cocaine 8Ball changed to 2.5 grams.
Both senators are shitheads
You are sick!
Sickening......
REPUBLICAN LIARS.
pick on someone other than a group with children, straight to McCain and Graham.
I'm calling you out out McCain and Graham like you did Trump. Show some evidence. You're a Russian bigot and a warmonger.
SC voted in one of the best senators around-as well as 1 who is a bottom feeder. Gowdy-total stud muffin. Lindsey-over botoxed Soros douche!
These two coward,stupid guys do not care 4 the life of our parents, children,brothers and sisters,etc. Want to keep their wrongdoing  secret
Another vacation for trump ? Tillerson has spoken with Russia ? On what ? Trump's hotel in Moscow???

Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
McCain is so clueless that his own party has turned against him. His legacy is shot.Constantly bashing Trump for Soros-so transparent
. How you claim to be a fair source of news is shocking! My feed is packed with your propaganda
Time to let others make the decisions, not Sen. McCain or Sen. Graham. Term limits are needed here.
First, have McCain tell the world just what his visit to Syria was about a few weeks ago!!!
He went there to search for Real Estate investment opportunities in the cities of Aleppo amd Mosul once they are completely down.
& just why should McCain be so interested in "real estate investment" in some foreign country? no wonder he can't work to MAGA
i guess you know the answer yourself .... McCain loves investing everywhere where there was war before .....

Careful calling for Soros arrest. McCain & his twin, the over botoxed Graham, are on Soros payroll-constantly bashing POTUS at Soros behest
When McCain & Graham put their heads together, they make a perfect ass. Don't listen to either.
Roflmao  Pure Awesome
President Trump listen ton these two and do the opposite! Stay out of Syria!
Remember his advice to Obama? Stay out of Syria. Must get congressional approval.
We really don't care what these two think.
Very upsetting that this is being considered. Something does not smell right here.
Send the pair of them to Syria as they seem to want to fight Russia and the Syrian people , grab your guns and join your friends ISIS
this statement is war mongering and nothing new from this 2 old jihadi  hawks.
McCain is always ready to punish, so it loses its gravitas when he says it. Time for McCain to retire, as he's a Horrible leader
Need real proof that Assad is guilty. I'm not convinced he is.
Hey @SenJohnMcCain How did your meeting in Turkey go. Well, now I think we all know. Tell your buddies at Al-Nusra we said hello! #NeoCon
Maybe John can rent a plane and he and Lindsey Graham and take a flight over north Vietnam?
Yeah we trust those two like a heart attack
News flash to Fox News! John McCain and Lindsey Graham are the old guard. This is the new day. We don't care what they have to say!
havent married ? the both John and Lyndsey ??

.  I trust nothing these two are backing.  Absolutely nothing!
Far left McCain needs to call it a day. Bashes his party so he can get some face time.
How many weapons have they supplied to rebels who are actually ISIS in Syria? All they want to do is start another war
Here are FACTS on Push For Ousting Bashar al-Assad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQcPZrBbb2Q …
Fox sucks!
They always refer to these two morons for their limited opinion on war actions. Both are weak
LIES about Obama! 
GOP blocked Obama from war with Syria! Now they're lying about President Obama. Disgrace!
Want to see a reporter show Trump his 2013 tweet telling Obama not to bomb Syria & ask"should Obama have not done as you'd asked?"
The Bromance Boys
@SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC Neither of which is president....not your call boys!
I'm going to ask a serious question here ...why don't we just pull out and let them fight it out ..why are we expected to police the worldm
Look!!! It's the war-mongering  BOBBOB Twins, John-John and Lin-Lin!  Bringers of death and destruction for a price $$$ of course, NWO 
Since the last war in which America can claim success (a win) was WWII you would think these buffoons' rhetoric would be more cautionary
These two are incredibly unpopular...why on earth people present them as authorities is beyond me...
This is all coming from @georgesoros channelled through his Republican Stooges McCain and his boyfriend Lindsey Linda whatever.
this means do the opposite.
Y were u averse 2 action when President Obama called on you? You were so partisan AGAINST USA success for 8 years. Now you prop up treason?
McCain and Graham, seemed, to share a brain!
McCain you lied and we will not forget that you said you were against going nuclear
Yup
our potus will handle it
do we care not
M&G hawks are flying, Blues Brothers-No Boots on Ground.This calls for a "Gadafi".Unless LIBS thk he has protection under our constitution
Mutt n Jeff need to zip it
President Trump don't listen to these guys! Neo-con pro war. I say term limits
Stop lying to the public like you stand for right. You confirmed a man that Trump and team selected while being investigated for Russia ties
You two are a disgrace today, I thought you both stood for honor but you have none today. Shame on you both!!!
I voted for SenJohnMcain,this is one of the first things he was said since PRESIDENT TRUMP took office.I'm a democrat not a stupid one !
These two are whats wrong with congress term limits would solve the problem
It's not America's place to police the entire world #syria #nowar America has bigger fish to fry
@SenJohnMcCain & @LindsayGrahamSC u 2 need to shut up.   Songbird & Graham Cracker.   If Assad was left alone ISIS wouldn't b powerful
The world is awaiting US response
Against Assad in @SyrCoalition
he is continually going against the intel community making us less safe. Will you do anything?
I'm a combat veteran and the way trump disrespected you and America is disgusting
you refused to let Obama go into Aleppo to help the Syrian people Trump is different he's white.
And I have extended TV News and photography & editing background.
Nothing's floating my boat. And there aren't even the right pics/scenes.
The world is awaiting US response
The #Assad regime
#Iran regime is the main sponsor and supporter of Assad regime!
I have not seen enough video evidence from any source. I only see unnecessary quick shaking video or still pic.  Everything looks fake.
If they are for it, Trump needs to take heed. These two dont want him or America to be successful
The warphillic senators
Will these two just shut up. They forget there is a new president in town who calls the shots.
Cowards.

#SyriaNoFlyZone
Are these two roomates or something
I wish these two gentlemen would not preempt @POTUS.
Vet stops $1,000,000 NavyFRCSW fraudwasteabuse fired. Near
4closure.@POTUS reinstate. Vet gives @POTUS @realjimmattis base tour recomnd fixs

There is NO need at all to get involved in Syrian Civil War for US .. UN can deal with it !!!
Vet stops $1,000,000 NavyFRCSW fraudwasteabuse fired. Near
4closure.@POTUS reinstate. Vet gives @POTUS @realjimmattis base tour recomnd fixs
Vet stops $1,000,000 NavyFRCSW fraudwasteabuse fired. Near
4closure & homles.@POTUS reinstate."Take Care of Our Vets
https://integrityvetsos.wordpress.com/ 
I have been trying to get in touch with you regarding an interview with us @TheFreedom2Live . Would love to let you tell your story
More evidence whose children these have been...
WhiteHelmet war porn strikes again. See important video
http://fb.me/8lRYfiBQy 
Vet stops $1,000,000 NavyFRCSW fraudwasteabuse fired. Near
4closure & homles.@POTUS reinstate."Take Care of Our Vets
https://integrityvetsos.wordpress.com/ 
Murderers on the hill 
@SenJohnMcCain 
@LindseyGrahamSC 
Are still doing the Clinton Cartel bidding.
War mongers!!
What was your response in 2013 to .@BarackObama when he came to Congress for support re: Syria? #hypocrite #Disgraced
And he's backed by Russia who wants him in power and won't do anything to help.
Senator. do the Right thing and bloc that vote. Be a responsible republican!
These two are always up for either a war  or to bash members of their own party
And pls stop pretending you care
There should be one thing everyone's learned by now. If these two agree on something, it's probably a bad idea.
Why would anybody believe these two clowns?
As a Trump voter I don not trust either McCain or Graham on anything. They have proven to be wrong on so many issues.
Have these Warmongers no shame? Declare War or stop ginning up anti- Russian hysteria without evidence.Prosecute Soros.#SusanRice #FakeNews
hey mccain, how much did it cost to attack syrian people and gas them u were just there, bet u are behind it

We need to stop arming bad men just because they fight bad men. STAY OUT OF IT.
Thank God we have these power hungry know-it-alls to tell us what to think.
they be in Washington to long they need to support  the  President   or shut up we are tired of the
We know McCain hates president Trump and would love to draw him into a quagmire in Syria. we've seen no proof this was not done by ISIS
Why does it need to be America’s response. How about the Arab response?
These two sweethearts are #Warmongers . All in the name of lining NATOs pockets.
Only if @JohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC are in pilot seats of the F15's leading the strike
w/out any munitions
if these 2 think it should happen it definitely should NOT!!!
NON NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO FK NO NO NO NO Obama has his chance and blew it. We are done.
Marcos gonna be pissed he was left out of the three some cat fight
It sounds as even Putin maybe questioning it w/ his statement his support is not unconditional
I voted for you, but why do you have to speak about what POTUS is going to do militarily. Are you wanting the enemy to have the upper hand.
Why is that our country is the one that always has to respond? Where is he rest of the world? Obviously, Middle East countries don't care!
Assad won't fall for that trick Will give the rebels opportunity to regroup and deploy!!
Are these guys doing each other?
You 2 used to represent the voice of reason in your party then you voted for the nuclear option.What you say doesn't mean a whole lot now.
Don't they realize that Russian planes are combined with Syrian planes and it could have been the Russians that dropped the chemicals.
If McCain & Graham blamed #syriangasattack on Russia instead of Syria it would then conflict w/their claim Trump colluded w/the Russians.
Not much difference between gas or bombs. Dead is dead.
These two nitwits need to be reminded, @realDonaldTrump is our PEOTUS!
Let the Syrians handle their own business. When they get tired of killing each other they will settle it themselves.
The war mongers are at it again!  They want WWIII so they don't get sent to prison for pedophilia.  NO WAR WITH SYRIA!  @POTUS
Let this hell hole tear itself up, Russia can have it, there is nothing there worth a Single American life.,
.... And McCain was pushing for war with Russia a couple months ago . . Go far away @SenJohnMcCain
@realDonaldTrump these two are the last to get advice from!!! They're not happy unless we are at war !!!
They need to retire
Do the opposite of what these dicks say!!
Omg do these two think anyone would take advice from them?  Embarrassing to Az and Sc.
Warmongers!  You damned well the FSA and or CIA did this #SyriaChemicalAttack #SyriaGasAttack #Chlorine We see what you are doing.
All these 2 idiots ever want to do is start a war. Get rid of them they are the cause of too much conflict within US.
We should not listen to these #warmonger 's. This setup is just to start a war. Rush to judgment  can never be good
.@SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC's statement on the need for action in Syria. 
No we don't need action, you neo-con, stay out of the middle east.
Not our business, let them solve there own problems. Not worth American boys life
Agreed.  It does mean a possible military confrontation w Russia
There is evidence that Syrian aircraft bombed rebel munitions facilities & workshops that contained chemical weapons. Beware the #FogOfWar.
Syria and Russia are calling for a fair investigation involving supporters of both sides. Assad had zero motive to use chemical weapons.
A total take over of the white house by the Establishment. McCain finally got his way using the alleged Russian interference. very sad .
No.
Senile old farts - tired, very tired of seeing both your faces on TV.  Narcissist both.
Love to hear yourselves talk
Boy.. 2 rhino traitors ... in the same picture...hardly able to breathe!!!! Growls
Russian involved, nothing is going to happen
When & how @potus says so! You are not the President, you need to get over it already!
No war with Syria!. Please keep these Treason Twins off the air!!!
These two traders don't care about anything except getting their sneaky bills they put through for their donners.they wanted Hillary to win
let old john do first fly over with sweet lindsey as co-pilot.
Who is willing to backup President Trump and what to they suggest- where are the Democrats on backing up President Trump- talk is cheap.
Also a veteran and appreciate a necessary air strike. Can't support reps who don't support @POTUS
Bullshit
Really?? Or exactly what happens if we don't do as you want?? Oh yeah, nothing.
and yet still no evidence or action on the 3 - 5 million illegal Hillary voters.  How sad that our president lies to the people @ democracy
#MITCHMcCONNELL IS THE #USSENATE #TERRORIST REMEMBER #POTUS44 PICK TO THE #SCOTUS #MITCHMcCONNELL PLEASE DO US A FAVOR RESIGN FROM OFFICE
Russia
How on earth can you consider entering the conflict that is hopefully in its final stages.
There is the reason why MCCain is not under any investigation or not even being asked questions for his visits to Libya Syria Ukraine ...
No one wants your War! Except those easily few duped by this. Trump has you neocons exposed & the country woke
Dema don't want war. Why would you think that? Trump is wanting to build weapons AND sell them overseas. Dems want to save Sesame Street! 
SHUT-UP  McCain.   Nobody likes you.
@Lindsey grahaMs I
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
Didn't we just remove Saddam from power & since then it's been a disaster?Better be able to take out ISIS & Al Qaeda.

@realDonaldTrump dont listen to these two Soros puppets! They setting you up for failure!
Not to worry folks @POTUS never listens to either of them. His military advisers will steer in right direction
Are any other countries going to help or do we have to go it alone again
