So why do you support our lying, draft dodging president?
You lost because you elected a sexist lying thief with no message as candidate

You elected a fake Pres for 8 years
you say that ISIS is a bigger threat...white supremacists are killing Americans in the streets while the GOP and their "president" r SILENT
don't see the GOP denouncing the terrorist attacks by white supremacists, GOP have failed 2 act because they support nazi's like trump does
you swore an oath senator, to defend our nation from all enemies foreign AND DOMESTIC, trump has nazi's on staff, silent on terror attacks
Dan Rather pleads Trump 2 pay attention 2 Portland attack, Senator will U & the GOP remain silent on terror attacks
Happy Memorial Day. When will you finally stand up to Trump?
Sen McCain, as an AZ resident I demand that you stand up for all Arizonans and stand against trump.   Signed, Phoenix voter
Mia's momma, thankful SOME ppl in Arizona aren't drinking the kool aid!  Senator McCain, country first pls! Love from Michigan!!  
And there are more sane ppl in AZ every day(mostly transplants from Midwest-I'm from mn),McCain barely won last time. 
Sen McCain-Thank you for your lifetime of service and your sacrifice.  Now is the time we need you.  Trump is a menace &has to be stopped.
You are definitely not a Republican.
Wrong again, but thanks for playing. I am a true GOP that cares about honor, competence, rule of law, experience, respect for Constitution
Then obviously you aren't doing your research. @realDonaldTrump seems to be the only person who actually cares about all of those.
Huh? Trump cares only about Trump, which is clear in every tweet &press conf.  Bc He is so completely out of his league, every day is chaos
Unlike @SenJohnMcCain who is a disgrace to his party. @realDonaldTrump has balls of steel. Look at the details. He is fantastic!
Pls send me some of what you're smoking!   Clearly very powerful hallucinogens.
@realDonaldTrump is making the Dems, the media and the GOP flunked look like fools. All the forces against him yet he keeps winning. 
This is a great man by gee he would have been a great president
As a disabled senior I am stumped as to why you won't stand up and save our country. It is making folks like me much sicker from fear.
Sen John McCain, You could best honour the fallen and their memory by serving your country and working with your President Donald Trump
How long before we have no allies left in the world? We cannot continue down this path. Time to stand up for majority of all Americans p
We can never be free until we impeach trump and not until you do nothing republicans start doing what we elected you to do, sever the public
Noticed your campaign manager got arrested for Pedophilia & McCain Institute isn't actually supporting human trafficing victims Coincidence?
you were very courageous once and I salute for that,
Emphasis, "once" #CorruptAsTheRestOfThem
Do the right thing John. Just finally and assertively do the right thing. Be the hero for a second time.
They all died so we could end up with you, Trump and #GOPofHATEand?

"I like people who weren't captured"
-- Donald J. Trump, June 18, 2015
#MemorialDay
And I like people like my Papa who was a true WW2 hero, MIA 3x's Silverstar,Bronzestarw/arrowhead,purpleheart+etc,Not a Songbird Traitor !
1) Just like tht woman arrested by sessions justice d., somtimes drastic measures to protct our democracy...Will you stand up? Will you..
Please, please do something about trump! He is dangerous. Where are you people!!!
Hey John vets know you sold America out in Vietnam. You have never heard of a war you didn't like. No wonder so many liberals love you.
2) will you condemn traitors? remembr yur sacrifice, don't let the tax cut crowd, determine how we move forward...S.O.S.  Please

Ur military service is truly heroic!  Our country needs you as a hero in the senate. You speak out, but  far too quietly & infrequently!
YOU ARE SUCH  terrible senator .. no one wants to hear a word form you john. you r an elite traitor to our president @realDonaldTrump
Ditto!! I call him a trojan horse!!
Unfortunately you are still a slime ball...even on this hallowed Memorial Day.  You don't support the Pres and continue to try to hurt him.

"I like people who weren't captured"
-- Donald J. Trump, June 18, 2015
#MemorialDay
Politicians say the craziest things when campaigning
"Freedom" does not mean insane security everywhere....it means security at the border. Make the "moat" the border. We want to LIVE free.

When are you going to gather some republican colleagues and stand up against the raving lunatic in the White House ?
Americans in both parties are so disappointed with you for not standing up to Trump. We have lost all respect in you. So sad!
McSTAIN...A TRAITOR THEN AND A TRAITOR NOW! HE SAID: "I’m leaving the GOP and Caucusing as an independent with the Democrats,” said McCain.
#CNNisISIS
Mccain you are fake.  You should just switch your hat to democrat.  Stand behind Trump or you will find yourself an alone old man.
Been reading the book Red Notice. You used to be tough on Russia. What happened??  Stand up again please
So you're sharing classified information with the media? Go get him Jeff!!!
Thinking of my grandfather who fell, thinking of my dad, as boy had to become a man, and he did one hell of a job, I miss dad
Hey you pocked face "Neo Con "creep-  You still feel Putin is bigger threat than Radical Islam..?   You are a  servant...of the Left ...!
help plase
climate change is more dangerous than isis, what. You've become a disgrace. I voted for you.
You know the old saying.."Once a traitor, always a traitor"!  But we all knew.  Time for McCain to pay the price!
Four Months Ago We published This Exclusive. Other Journos Just Catching Up Now on #McCain leaking Classified Intel. http://truepundit.com/exclusive-white-house-fingers-john-mccain-as-media-leak-believes-u-s-senator-eavesdropped-on-trumps-classified-phone/ …
You are in the Senate....a different kind of "few" but responsible for protecting many.  Protect us from Trump.  Hold him accountable
Uh ho phou.unh
U pbjb
You need to fight 1 more war win back WH & save America #GOP from the Russian onslaught & traitors within the government USA v    #Trump
Respect for people like you who served their country with pride and honour
Democracy is over in America,I was tortured by Trump supporter who is police officer


Putin essentially says w/Trump in office he has successfully neutralized United States & prepared to break back of NATO asymmetrically. https://twitter.com/newsweek/status/870593363422085120 …
Speaking of freedom...isn't it time to deprive the people who sold America out to the Russians of their freedom?
Do you really believe this? I would say the few make the mass,
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT TRUMP? He is destroying the country you sacrificed so much for.
Our national security is at risk with this traitor in the oval office please help it is our time to act
Shut Up, we can't even protect our own people from pollution. Not sure what you fought for but you surely don't get it @SenJohnMcCain
You talk the talk but you don't walk the walk. Actions speak louder than words. Support a traitor and YOU are a traitor too! Shameful GOP!
Your comments in Australia are those of a treasonous coward.  Just keep your mouth shut until AZ can get you out of office.  Embarrassing!
# 

 # Memorial Day! Thank you for YOUR Service...... Please SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT !!!!
much death & $ wasted on regime change warmonger wars, mccain go to hell
Our democracy is under attack from within.  Do something to rid our nation of this scourge.  Russia  is controlling their pawn. Pls help.
Thanks for this. It means a lot
Russia Sanctions to go bye-bye in Trump week 1........but foiled....thx to @SenJohnMcCain https://twitter.com/isikoff/status/870420806978998273 …
These people didn't die so Trump and associates could hand our country over to the Russians. #treason #lockthemup #Russiagate #impeach
Trump is out of control! Now he wants to join Syria & Nicaragua killing Earth! You bitched about O leading from behind, WTF is Trump doing?
Get this administration out of office before millions die and we are no longer a democracy!!!!!wake up!
We will no longer be the land of the FREE if we don't find some BRAVE Senators to impeach this maniac! America has been infiltrated DEFEND!
The incompetent Whitehouse is ruining our democracy. Help us.
Sir, please, don't let permit this destruction of America continue. Help us.
Thank you for being one of the few. You have my trust. Thank you sir.
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!
Please take the @GOP back from putin. You may be the only one who can.
Sen. will you be one of the few to protect us now? How can cong. allow him to return the prop to Russia? pull out of paris clim agt?
Since WWII WHEN has that been true!? STOP pushing for MORE war! ONLY you and your donors want it!!!! Your BS is sickening.
You don't give a rat's a $$ about America. You are a traitor and need to retire
Democrats like you more everyday when you attack POTUS Trump on Russia Russia Russia, a mirage created by democrats and democrat's media.
Tampered with! You are are a true American!!
Souless honestly and you are a true American!! Thankyou for fighting for sex trafficking victims and speaking up about our elections being
I just watched the "I am Jane Doe" documentary and I was very suprised to see a Republican who cared about people, I thought you were all
Why are you not protecting us as in USA now?
Look up the real history of Mr McCain it ain't pretty good thing daddy & gramps were important upstanding men he lost Trump won get over it
And the POTUS ??  Do you care about his inability(to say the least) to protect us?? Are you gonna just sit there? And say its "not my job" ?
U R quick to speak up but won't do anything else to help get this FOOL of office. You're no better than the rest of these Republican CLOWNS!
Hey @SenJohnMcCain "Songbird" you pathetic traitor, stop trashing @POTUS Trump here and abroad!!
@SenJohnMcCain you're just a Butt Hurt Loser that can't accept the fact that @POTUS Trump accomplished something you couldn't, become POTUS!
@SenJohnMcCain it's time for you to resign you senile old man!!
Well, we now know that we can no longer depend on you to protect the USA Sen.McCain.
I am proud to be a conservative American.  U shd admit that u r part of the deep state
#RespectableRepublican
#NeverMcCain
You should be Ashamed and change you affiliation to D. GET BUSY AS A REPUBLICAN. Tired My Tax money pays your salary and you do NOTHING !!!
Can u please retire! You are old and out of date. We need younger people in congress, that are flexible, true and are open minded. Not u.
Because if you did stood by the constitution then things would get a lot better but you create diversion daily maybe start by shutting up?
Even though you're a veteran of the past I do believe you have forgotten your brothers and sisters and you do not stand by the constitution
Time to retire, old man. You are doing more harm than good for this country. Stop lying and trash talking about the president when abroad!
麦凯恩（Sen. John McCain, R-AZ）在悉尼大学的演讲中，多次敦促世界各国不要丧失对美国民主精神的信任。
You are a hero and respected Republican Thank You for your service 

MORON! Russia who has been pulling the same crap for 60 years is more of a threat of Radical Islamic terrorist who've been killing 15 yrs!
You're the one helping unsettle America when you're in bed with the DemocRATS! #DrainTheSwamp in 2018!
YOU'RE A POS! #ResignTraitor! Each time u attack our President u attack 63 million Americans! #Vote2018 http://dailycaller.com/2017/05/30/mccain-to-australians-trump-has-unsettled-americans/?utm_campaign=thedcmainpage&utm_source=Facebook&utm_medium=Social …
Go away haven't you profited enough as public servant?
Traitor John McCain needs to take his seat on the left side of the isle He is a traitor and a old man with a grudge for our President Trump
Russia-gate is smaller matter compare to the future of U.S. and the world. - How does
http://blog.livedoor.jp/ksato123/archives/54739708.html …
Senator McCain...you're loosing credibility.
You will always be an American hero! Thank you for your service John McCain 
those paid worker from china, putin and IS just blame the US military
Democrat at heart, we all know that democrats HATE OUR MILITARY.
Russia conspiracy is the biggest RED HERRING ever created in US politics!!
My my my John McCain your page has lots of Leftist Democrats praising you coz you hate POTUS. Go to the other side.. You please Dems so much
Don't care what you say. Every time u talk u undermine my POTUS! Shame on you. I think you're a Democrat Globalist
You're a traitor to America,  u undermine our POTUS & hv mistreated vets. Who are you working with? DNC Globalists? Not We The People!
The few who betray many=McCain.uses OPM 2 pay mercenaries 2 murder US soldiers then pretends he cares about lives? McCain Murders 4 cash.
Time to start acting like a real patriot and support Potus!
A traitor is in our White House and Republicans are twiddling their thumbs!! Shame
What are U doing about Trump trying to destroy NATO and Western solidarity in his service to Putin!?
McCain, You disgust me.  I voted for you against Obama and a vote for Obama after the fact would have been better.  You are a traitor.
Ever considered that he's smarter than you?
Why are we deporting Mexicans that served in US military, we should be ashamed.
I cited for you but am really confused about what's happened to you. Very concerned and have no idea what's happened to u
You honor no one when you say Russia is more dangerous  than ISIS.  You are a coward.  Resign.
Why are you and fellow members of Congress not starting impeachment proceedings?  This is abuse of power.
you got it half right senator, #MemorialDay we honor the fallen. Veterans Day we thank all who serve.
GOD BLESS YOU... one of the very few to speak truth in spite of party.
Please help and support president  Trump!
McCain has lost his way...a traitor to political civility and America...besmirching day by dat. Retire.
#Hypocrite... you speak of #MemorialDay while on an #apology tour in #Australia.  #Arizona needs to put you out to pasture, McStalin.
Don't you ever shut up about Russia?  Really? Retire alresdy
Watching you in Australian interviews I realise you are a hypocrite like most GOP. Dan Rather on his Facebook post says it best.

I guess you don't realize that you are being used by the democrats to push their agenda. If you want to back them, change your affiliation.
I have no idea why you make these types of comments. You have no loyalty to the United States. You must really hate this president.
Senator where are you getting all this money to be flying over to Germany and all over? & then you bash president Trump and praise globalism
Stop pretending you care about the USA. You should be ashamed of yourself. You need to retire now. #deepstate #BigGovSucks
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump LEADER again in the WH who respects, honors & supports our MILITARY. U have failed them. Don't fail Trump.
