You hide behind an anonymous name like a coward too
Keep hiding behind an anonymous identity posting lies about Senator McCain. Did you also graduate from tier 1 undergrad & law school?
"Dude" ; that says it all.   Lol.
Why did you scream repeal Obamacare and the turn your back on your constituents
He is two faced
You're right!
Burma is awesome.
Go straight to hell, Grady.
thats a very sweet video of ur Burma,#prayers are with u ur taking care of yourself
Why did you vote No on healthcare?
To help those who couldn't get healthcare without the ACA.
Excuse me, but there IS coverage for those in bill. U choose not see it.I assure u if u were in my situation you'd feel VERY different
My family member went bankrupt b/c of pre-e siting condition before ACA. Could not get insurance. Now has it, like 30 mil others.
I've never been your biggest supporter but it's time you enjoy life to the fullest. Be happy and thanks for your vote against ending ACA.
Awesome!
Sad thing to say but it's true
Cute dog. Helps for a speedy recovery.
Chessie?
Good dog!!
God bless you! 
What a beautiful and lucky girl she is to be part of your family, Senator. <3 <3
Love the name!
Chesapeake Bay Retriever? Repeal Obamacare WTF
she is gorgeous thanks for sharing sooo cute! Amazing how much love a dog has we can all learn something from our dogs! #TWDResists
Obama n Trump care focus on their supporters. Need neutral health care system.
We need a unified Rep, party. Please entire
We can learn a lot about enjoying life from dogs and children!
Be well Mr. McCain!
The love and companionship of a dog (or even 3 dogs ) brings us joy and hope in our darkest moments! Burma is gorgeous! 
Thank you, Sen. McCain, for taking the high road in every decision made for our country. Well-done. Get well soon. The country needs you!
Is she a Chesapeake Bay retriever? They're high energy and require a strong master. 
She's wonderful!
Hope you are doing good, God be with you
You need to retire and keep playing with your dog you are not much good as a Republican
Burma does for that stick what John McCain would do for our country: go get it and bring it back!  Love you Senator McCain.
Yeah, right. He had the opportunity, and he failed.
Just curious. Why are you following him. if you don't mind my asking?
I wasn't until last week. I'm just curious as to how many people disrespect him after what he did.
I'm guessing you mean the thumbs down vote? If you think he did it out of spite, sure. But what if he did it out of sense of responsibility?
Meanwhile, Trump is destroying this country
Thank you John McCain. God bless you
Chessies rule! Beautiful dog. Glad to see you enjoying life's little pleasures.
Good girl Burma! Java and Clipper send their best.
That is one happy and lucky dog!!! <3
Only the best people on earth are animal lovers,i love it ,& she is beautiful
She is beautiful.
What a beautiful girl! Juno says hi . 
God's gift!! Love her

I hope you're feeling and doing well, Senator. <3
you are sick vicious man mccain traitor to this country
She"s a Beauty....!
Think you would be best to retire and enjoy dog time, it's time!
How can we NOT become a DOG LOVER? They bring us (humans) joy! We need to treat them with respect!
You should stay home with Burma,retire an enjoy life
Burma!  Good dog! 
We had weims for years. Best dogs ever. Except for
What a gorgeous Chessie!! Sending you prayers for your battle with cancer. My Viet Nam veteran husband lost his battle 8 years ago.
https://twitter.com/manmountain78r3/status/899993885698666496 …
We had a lab for years. Couldn't keep him out of the water. 
Please retire.

No better comfort than a furry best friend when you're ill.  Peace & prayers to you, Sen. McCain.
Nothing like a good water dog.  Now clean heruo 
Nothing like a good dog to cure all your ills!
Good girl! 
My dog Murphy also loves the water and will jump in for whatever goes in...including frogs who are just trying to get out of his way...
You are both the best America has
U'v been in D.C. To long!  Our expectations were immediate repeal & replace.  U touted a plan in place and waiting for the chance. Well?
when we respond to your tweets with Facts that make you look bad . You push out useless tweets of rainbows and  nature to bury our comments
How nice for you.  Doesn't matter we are suffering with bad healthcare as long as your happy. Too bad CNN is not around for u to run to.
You should retire and spend more time with her.
Good boy
Beautiful!!!
And You McCain always at your traitor worst 
It would be good if politicians come back from yet another vacation and do the people's business!
You Mean You're Not Dead Yet? Well, Make it Snappy Old Boy bc We want to put a Loyal American in Your Seat. You Soros Ads Kisser
Love it!
Soros says to send email.
Soros says to meet him in Switzerland again.....

I'm sick I supported Romney and McCain, even Rubio as a Senator. Who would've known they'd deliberately try to hurt a Republican president.
Your damn dogs probably a traitor too!!!
this is a freudian slip video

you subconsciously want to call the dogs off of @POTUS cuz you know you can sell weapons and wars go on!
Hi Burma! I was in a tidal river today!
The dog looks satanic like your family.
What a cutie!
You have a Chesapeake!!!! Loved ours  -so much !!
At least I like your dog...
Looks like a great pal. Enjoy

Ye old chocolate lab, when we younger we would swim in a pond.  The lab would play with u by scratching u to death on your back, funny hub
Before periods, i...........at leat Asia. They did not accepted my wrote, partly. The results are......i just accept your will.
Stay strong & enjoying life to the fullest
What a gorgeous dog.
God bless you Senator. But still Go Army Beat Navy!
Confirm my writing, to be or not to be. Asian know Asian than Western. Third tide need or wait 4-5 yrs.
Precious angel!
Thai is not enough to USA in their region. Her do best? i think, she try do use USA to China's expand. i have money, want visit Burma.
God bless you,, Senator J McCain! All the best to you and your whole family always!
Burma need investor by Int'l investors n Burma citizen's money. if Burma leaders choose dictate's. Burma must meet China n China way.
Burma leaders do as before leaders from military power. It's fit to Global Companies n Investors...This kind of policies will meet limits.
You voted against american people over a grudge against our President
#really
Havent you died yet?
It's getting close. Maybe this is a further sign. We can only hope this ISIS enabling demon burns in hell soon.
Burma looks like an idiot
Beautiful scenery!
Don't you feel like a traitor to americans
Burma! Who's a good girl? I swear, dogs are the best part of life on most days....
She's beautiful! 
Flipper
Awe she's a beautiful dog
She is super cute.
You are a traitor McCain.
That's a good looking dog sir.
Beautiful dog and scenery. Thanks for sharing.
Beautiful dog.  She was on a mission!
Boo Boo relaxing...7 months old...lol
Die Mccain die.
Best medicine, isn't she?
Cute dog you SHOUld jump in after her..Oh and stay there
My Dunkin would love to hangout with Burma
Sorry about your war vessel sir. Its a shame
What a great life
She is lovely!
She's beautiful
Love this!
Burma is beautiful.  I use to have a chocolate lab named Bridgett I loved very much.  Blessings to you & your family
Would live to interview her for Urban Dog Magazine! #urbandog
I hope she wore eclipse glasses today
Hey @trish_regan let me ask why would u RT anything from a loser that single handily took heathcare from millions @Italians4Trump @FoxNews
Did I leave out traitor @HouseGOP @WomenforTrump @LisaMarieBoothe @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @TomiLahren @BreitbartNews
Good girl!
Adorable!
Thx for sharing.  Thinking of you and your family!!!
I have a Golden who does this!  She's a HUGE water hog.  Can't keep her out of it.
Beautiful Eyes! How wonderful!
too bad you're not ....
Dogs are the best
What a pretty girl.

The dog performs better than you have in the Senate!
She's beautiful!

So cute! 
She is a beauty.
Like to see you at your best! #TermLimits
That's awesome! When are you going to #MAGA and #retire
Poor dog doesn't know her owner is a traitor lying murderer
#ClintonCash well spent. 
What a beautiful dog& wow your lucky he swims my2dogs are like hairy lazy humans they don't swim ever so sad!!Enjoy your dog time he's happy
Hey Senator, care to explain this? Didnt think so hypocrite.
Dogs soothe the soul 
maybe you should just stay home and enjoy your time with your dog.
John McCain was a failed presidential candidate, a terrible pilot who spilled the beans to the Vietnamese and a useless senator! Soros bitch
Do us all a favor and stay with your dog the country and party don't need you anymore we think you've done enough damage in 30yrs
Sweet dog!
She's great! Amazing how dogs can totally enjoy all the little happy times in life.
Beautiful dog, Senator. Best pets ever
Beauty
Thanks Senator McCain for video of Burma and family photos. It is great to see this side of you! You are like no other politician!
RESIGN
I knew you had to be a dog person!!  She's a beauty!!
J McCain once a war hero now a traitor to America you & G soros a.k.a. MSM & DC cartel are responsible for Charleston Nazis like Ukraine
RINO who lied to us for years.... such a shame that will be your legacy!

Some of us still REMEMBER SONGBIRD
Stay classy, dude. Didn't your mother ever tell you, "If you don't have anything good to say, don't say anything at all?"
Beautiful Chesapeake! Get well Sir. We need you to come back am be a Maverick!
Stay home w/your dog & let America heal fr your big mouth!

The Marxist are here to defend McCain.
Love it!!!!
Great eyes.
Be well, Sir. 
We have a chessie. Best dog ever.
I hope you're on the road to wellness Sir! Time with your Dog can be very healing!
I miss my dog! So cute.
Nothing better than your precious dog enjoying a dip!  Glad you're enjoying the very best of life Sen McCain. And thnx for sharing.
Retire Democratic "hero".
Thanks for sharing - she's gorgeous. My retriever is obsessed with diving for rocks. He can hold his breath for a ridiculous amount of time.
Beautiful pup!!!  Prayers for a uneventful and speedy  recovery for you and your family.
No one care u killer of the forgotten man!!! Never forget that either!!! I won't let you!!!
I hope that is your picture. Good to know the Nazis
Nothing like furry family member love. She's beautiful and the creek is just gorgeous. May the peace bring you healing. your Dem Friend!
Hope you consider keeping beautiful Burma safe from Monsoon flash floods!
Were $21 tr in debt. Instead of growing r economy like China youve involved us in endless war killing many 000's of our youth. for what??!!
God bless you, Senator McCain!
Burma is a beautiful girl.
She's beautiful
You can go ahead and kiss your job good buy John McCain
Gorgeous pup! My dog and I do fetch but it's a stuffed animal in the house. That's much prettier! Not sure he could swim like that!
Good dog!!! 
Is she a lib like u? Please McCain u were voted in to help us the Right ppl. All u have done is bring us down. If  not u need to GO!
Nothing like spending time with your dog to de-stress. Which is good for your health and your soul.
@senjohnmccain Are you retired?
Burma will love you to health!
You are a
I want your day Senator, that looks lovely. Pretty dog.
