YOUR OPINION MEANS NOTHING TO MILLIONS
We will never win there-we just keep losing our precious soldiers! Get out and cut off the terrorists finances and run them off that way!
How many more thousands killed and injured for no benefit except to defense industry?  Shameless #warmonger
Are we SERIOUSLY considering paying Blackwater to replace our military in Afghanistan ? What is your opinion ??
Bring the troops home and declare victory.  Enough endless blood and treasure for nothing but an opium epidemic at home.
$20,000,000,000,000. 00 (Trillion) Debt. It is insane to have a military spread around the world like Rome in her final days of diminishing.
Then when can we leave?
White Phosphorus in Chemical Weapons factories in Bulgaria SOLD to Terrorists
- And John do you have your own opinion on that? Or do you just believe everything you read in the Washington Post?
CONTINUE EFFORT, JS A CONTINUE PROBLEM, TERRORIST TRAINED GENERATIONS NEED TO BE BOMBED, END TERRORIST, END WAR.
Quit worrying about Afghanistan start. Worrying about passing a HC BILL & the ALT left & nazi right.Trump's got this. Mathis has Afghanistan
No they have to continue guarding there opium!
Whatever the Commander In Chief @POTUS says will be. NOT what you say Traitor and @realDonaldTrump hater
They should abandon you
"Too much money to be made supplying the army with the tools of their trade"
I suggest you read a history book.Your support of Antifa is UnAmerican. Antifa IS Fascism. How does an American Sen support Fascism? Resign
How many more years, John? And for what?
US supports an unpopular leadership in Afghanistan which is corrupt & incompetent. Stop wasting taxpayers' money
You forgot to say #JudasIscariot
Sen. McCain...I think most are more concerned with problems closer to home now. #ImpeachTrump
#impeachMcCain from any human activity. Go clean your backyard you have done enough damage in the front
How much money does it take senator? Ask yourself?I'm sorry for your take. Really ..but if Reagan is a believe..then NOW!
You won't rest until you've killed as many of your own brothers in arms as possible, will you?
we should help those who are willing to help themselves.
You got all your investments tied up with this never ending war? Seems like you don't know HOW to win-at ANYTHING! Just bulking Am Txpyr 4 $
Integrity is not a word in John McCains vocabulary.
Very sad. There is a judgement day. @SenJohnMcCain suffers blindness.
He is deceived in this Age of Deception.
What Republican reads the Post? It is radical leftist fake news!
John McCain better stay at home anger his brain healed....he is no longer fit to rule country. He could very well ruin rep party
Youve shown your true colors!7yrs of repealing Obamacare&then stab Us in the Back!Get behind Pres.Trumps agenda or Retire!Weve had Enough
We must end this 16 year war now McCain wants never ending war in Afghanistan to keep military industrial complex going
We cannot lose anymore lives in that shit hole of a country.
U can't leave #Afghanistan before u take back all of the weapon provided to Taliban since 1980s. Will u be able to ?
No.
17 years is long enough.
NO, NO, NO and hell no.
Mr. McCain I agree. Do you agree with @realDonaldTrump admin. trying to make the WAR a money making machine by Privatizing it? SCAREY
If 14 years and $3 BILLION taxpayer dollars is considered "abandonment," I wish someone'd "abandon" me...over and over...  #abandonment=love
Yes!!  abandon me as well!
His support of Antifa is in truth support of Fascism;Antifa beliefs align withFascism:there is only one way of thinking, use of violence etc
Songbird say what
Why not.  It is a godforsaken country.. let europe deal with it.  We have enough problems here
Like you abandon putting the stops to Obamacare.
The former USSR abandoned it by force not by choice ..
"Abandon"--nice framing, CIAPost. Just "leave" or even better "GTFO"!
Warmonger McCain disparages Obama & Jimmy Carter but Carter takes him down..
You are a United States Senator sharing an opinion piece as reason for war! #Resign
Like you did the POWs in Vietnam
This is your last term.
Your war. Your blood.

No. Patriots are not interested in any corrupt  gun-running and RATlines. We see you & Graham in Bulgaria & w ISIS.
Must-read @washingtonpost: "The U.S. cannot abandon #Afghanistan now" https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-us-cannot-abandon-afghanistan-now/2017/08/16/5833422e-82b1-11e7-ab27-1a21a8e006ab_story.html?utm_term=.e7561008cb54 …
The boy lovers of Afghanistan are not worth anymore American blood. Let Pakistan and the Iranians deal with them. The Hell with Islam.
Too much blood and treasure has been spent on that war. End it. Brings our troops home. Let's turn our national building on our nation.
When did Trump set a pullout date? Or your mind is playing tricks on you?
War, war & more war. The only thing McCain & @LindseyGrahamSC can ever talk about. Stop lining the pockets of the defense industry lobbyists
McCain please retire
Wrong to leave.
These people will never change should have learned by watching the Russians waisting years there. I say get out and MOAB there get togethers
@SenJohnMcCain What are you going to do to stop Pence/Banon/DJT from giving 10$ billion per year to Blackwater to replace our army?
Amen. We must WIN this war.  #GodBlessAmerica
How many sacrifices of our troops are enough? How many?
Kiss my ass Senator.
Serious question, did you ever work with Jane Fonda in Hanoi?
One article in WP doesn't give anyone the right to send young American soldeirs to die just to protect the corrupt leadership of Afghanistan
What is the acceptable loss of US troops to stay? 10-15/year? Just want to know when you run the numbers.
That number is on the bottom right of your spreadsheet.
The over/under is 12.5 American soldiers per year. I'll take the 'over'
Extricate from Afghanistan now.
YES they CAN !!!! Nothing has changed . Bring them home.
Yes we can! Been there way to long as it is.
US should abandon you
So senator ,tell me why did you abandon Americans when it came to healthcare?
Yes we can! It is a waste of money!
The last thing AMERICA needs to do, is take your advise on anything, McCain!!
Yourvscum mccain- scum- unethical-traitor- democratic satanic shill
Sir today's leaders are very different from you & your time. So that's bad luck for country to see such leaders in the WH & Senate.
you seem to enjoy conflict.
More Fake News
McCain's suggestions can't be trusted, he had no answers for helping the vets and had no answers for the F35 delays and budget, resign now!
McCain has no place continuing in Congress, he can't even represent Arizona not alome the country in any policy decisions, RESIGN NOW
McCain's theatrical vote on Obomacare should be enough evidence for anyone he doesn't have the American Peoples back any longer, recall now!
The Liberal Media and Liberal Democrats are the only ones listening to McCain,  no one can trust his judgment on votes, look at healthcare!
Congress feels sorry for McCain and the people of America suffer, recall and replace now for Arizona
McCain hates Trump and criticizes everything he does because he's President and he never will be, his judgment can't be trusted, recall now!
Still more Opium to import for his buddies
djt lying tweet just causes US to look foolish in the world. it is unbelievable what is happening to our country. where is the gop outrage
I know you are ill and God Bless you everday of your fight.but...can you get the GOP to get rid of this UNFIT Prez. Another lying tweet 2day
You know a lot about abandonment ask voters in Arizona116% increase no relief in sight yet you pounce around like you have looked out for us
Too many Poppies to harvest?
America should never have been in Afghanistan in the first place.
War is about to start HERE, can't you see it?!? #ImpeachTrump
Common sense from an uncommonly sensible public servant!

So Bill Clinton DEMOCRAT signed into law making Robert E. Lee a holiday in Arkansas. Confederate Statues we're Democrats. Trump's a Racist 
Care to explain this?
You need to stop interfering w our Pres. Move on you lost now support your Country not your self. All U Reps need to stop dirty loads on PDT
What the fuck do YOU know? You're a senator for 30+ years and look at the world situation!
Sir, as an independent I implore you please don't let this president destroy all of what America Stands for. You and Lindsay remain strong
Not when yours and your buddies livelihoods depend on it.
We haven't been there long enough! When does it END!
Get outta Afghanistan -- enough of this rubbish.
Your plans have worked so well for what? Over 15 years, billions of dollars and yet?
Dear Mr McCain please get back to Washington soon and start impeachment !!! Think of the children !! Be a MAVERICK NOW !!
Must-read @washingtonpost :
"The U.S. cannot abandon 
#Afghanistan opioid fields now"
There I fixed it for you
Absolutely agree.
@SenJohnMcCain reminds me of your vote on healthcare.
Well he's not only a traitor he's a Nazi.
Passing legislation. Nothing is getting done. All talk no action
Until then shut up Warhawk
Then pick up an M4 carbine get on an airplane fly over there and stand guard
WaPo a must-read? That's a laugh, just like you & your Flakey partner
@SenJohnMcCain not wise to use WaPo for foreign policy. #FakeNews
So you want prince's army? Which will in the end be used here to make trump dictator?
The problem is trump & the GOP!
Well JOHN why don't you go over there and fight that war???? Traitor.
Like you abandoned AZ voters saving Obama Care and forcing 100 % Insurance increase on them taking money away from their family's.
Like I said what does old man McCain care we the taxpayers pay for everything. I can't afford health or life ins.
Tick-tock tick-tock tick-tock.
McCain IS AN EVIL NAZI!
There is nothing in the Washington Compost that is a "must read"....FAKE NEWS!
McCain & his Bezos' blogging warmongers: we can't abandon the military-industrial complex now! Keep the profits flowing!!
Screw your poppy fields....we want you to explain this!
yes we can. No army has EVER won in Afghanistan
The puppet has spoken!!!
When has WaPo been a reliable source of anything other than biased propaganda? You're a traitor!!!
When did you become a military strategist? You were a prisoner & pilot Most pilot are not very bright! Stop helping the anti american media
Your vote abandoned Repeal and Replace so why are you still talking??
we can abandon afganastan. No more wars Mccaine.  Let's take care of our own country, our citizens, for once
Get us the hell out of there!
How many psychiatrists to change a lightbulb? Just one. But the lightbulb has to want to change. Afghanistan don't wanna. Waste of life.
Only God can help him and all the rest of the criminals. All of these ppl have the blood of the men and women who r REAL HEROS! RIP 
I am absolutely delighted when I find common ground with a Trump supporter. Thanks, TG--have a great weekend!
Funny how you align with the liberal rag WAPO! #rhino
If this wasn't from @SenJohnMcCain & @washingtonpost I might believe it, McCain did @AARP pay you to tweet this? Yes, #SupportOurTroops !
The Washington compost?
John McCain just stated he knew those white Vans were no good that you can never trust a white van
.op-ed to that: The U.S. Must abandon #Afghanistan b4 any more of our military come home in caskets! you want us to stay, go there yourself!
McCain is already introducing bill number 2000 no white vans will be allowed to enter the United States unless they are totally vetted
mybe we shld ask d mltary nd gvmt offcls if they can already stand on their own, cmpare it w/ our own assesments. dn we dcide.
U.S. came in Afghan to limit China options but fail ! So a honest advice is to stop wasting U.S. tax payers money in Afghanistan.
Of course we can't abandon Afghanistan, where then would all the drugs come from ? Your a joke !!!!
Lol.  Johnny boy will have to ask his buddy HUSSEIN Obama. No wait Hussein and his daughter r using up all the drugs. Maybe Chelsea.
Why not congress has abandoned the United states
Quit tweeting your drivel you showed your true blue color
And how did you come to this conclusion, oh that's right Obama abandoned them and not a peep. Gotta twist that knife in Trump, eh Brutus?
And you shouldn't abandon your President
It is not up to you to decide. It is up to our commander in chief which is not you.
Thanks for screwing us on healthcare!! In Illinois we get a 40% premium increase next year and to top it off you stuck it to us!! #Retire
I'm telling you he's no good and he is evil. What does he care us taxpayers pay for everything! Only God can help these evil criminals.
Not any afgans would die for us let alone you. Matter of fact our military would not support you.
Like we believe anything Washington Post or u say
Exactly!  If I ever saw in I wouldn't even waste my spit on him!  Nazi.

You would say that's
In reality the US abandoned Afghanistan a long time ago. Just take the troops home
@IdeasThink thanks for your thoughts, to me there is too much sensitive info for a private citizen to knw, the article is jst 1 view.
True Jessica, different opinions make a market
Viewing opinions differing from our own allows for a fuller perspective. Thanks for the exchange today @IdeasThink 
Yes we can and need to. Please resign
You and Washington post can go away for ever
17 years of war just ain't enough for you?  #warmonger
Trump blocked Twitter accts of two Veterans Grps. How can GOP entertain thoughts he is a Leader?GOP ready to let Nation DIE for their AGENDA
Why are our people dying in the streets of Afghanistan? Haven't enough died already?
The last time we abandoned Afghanistan, we got the Taliban. We must stay and help.
You love the war machine don't you John? Murderer.
Trump needs to go!! He's a disgrace!
Hey jonnie boy = How about opening up ur documents that nixon the criminal sealed for you = Don't be shy cause we all know u like to blab
I don't believe current strategy adequate but large number of troops unpopular w general public. Stalemate!
Rather read the obituaries.
Songbird says Wha?  #DrainTheSewer #LockHerUp #McCainToo #RyanToo #BrennanToo #RiceToo #LynchToo #ObamaDavisToo #ComeyToo #ChelseaHubbleToo
Don't forget evil Soros!
so, you still think someone takes you or the Post seriously? Lol
Oh yes we can..save lives and money..Afghanistan doesn't  want to help themselves why should we help. They wasted enough of our resources
RIGHT?! WE NEED THE OPIUM FOR ALL THE HEROIN OUR GOVENRMENT IS POISONING U.S WITH!!!
Again occupation of Afghanistan is not a viable option. We will never change anything there. Ask the British: 3 wars over almost 80 years.
here's another thing that can't be abandoned:
Grab your rule and go, Playboy, lead by example not by making others fight an unending war, start any aircraft carrier fires lately?
The win is in sight! We're only 200-800 years from reshaping an entire region/culture. Think of the stock prices for the defense contractors
What he had to endure as #POW I know none of you would have made it one year.
Why are you even reading WaPo! They are nothing but fake news!
Anyone that says such horrible comments regarding what he's going through medically, you have no soul.
He has no soul idiot. Mccain is a corrupt politician working for the insurance industry.
Congrats, your instrumental  bringing US down with betrayal of Rep. party on healthcare Do dems work with republicans change party traitor#
War monger
Funny stuff. Probably more than 90% of the worlds heroin comes from the region. We have had a chance to eradicate but didn't . U get a cut 2
YOU SUPPORT NAZIS
Yeah, who will guard the opium fields if not our troops?
Lost too many in Iraq and Afghanistan.Those who came back will never be the same.saw same during Vietnam where and when will it end
I don't care what @SenJohnMcCain says lost all respect for him.
Give it up McCain. Where have we gotten after all this time???
I want my cut
I can't find the article, but totally agree.  It might even be wise to put more feet on the ground there.
Yes they can and they should.  This war has taken too many American lives. Let them fight their own war
All our REAL HEROS lost their lives for people like McCain, Soros, Clintons and HUSSEIN Obama etc. nasty hateful old men and women.  EVIL
I know.  All those poppy fields.
is #CIA funded Bezos Amazon propaganda, #replace @JeffFlake, @SenJohnMcCain what r u profiting 2 push more Afghanistan war?
Must-read @washingtonpost: "The U.S. cannot abandon #Afghanistan now" https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-us-cannot-abandon-afghanistan-now/2017/08/16/5833422e-82b1-11e7-ab27-1a21a8e006ab_story.html?utm_term=.e7561008cb54 …
He's a NAZI SUMBAG along with Soros. They are lower than snakes. But that's ok in the end they will stand alone in front of God.
Why?  You sat idle when Obama abandon Iraq. Just jawboned about with your war mongering opinion
Read the fakest news ever? The very news media that covers your butt constantly for years! No thanks. We aren't all stupid Mr traitor
Like U abandoned UR fellow soldiers in VietNam? Shut up Traitor Songbird!
McCain,  A traitor hiding within the Republican party.
Retire already.
Unless you want the taliban to take over and abother 9/11 to happen, then we cant leave Afghanistan
