Reporters always say "and Republicans are against this". First name always listed is McCain. You are a major supporter of the Dems rhetoric.
stop trying to overthrow the will of the people--you make me sick
Stop feeding the narrative that we need more military spending, just because their lobbyist pay you too. Same goes for for-profit prisons.
Can kill our kids like in Manchester? You must be a sociopath. #yousuckmccain
Senator. Will you withdraw your endorsement for @gianforte now that he was exposed as a simple thug? Do U condone? This is GOP? #MontanaGOP
US backed air strikes killed 44 kids in Syria this month and you want more money?! To kill civilians and anger these ppl more so they
Either way, please pass A budget before October 1. Late budgets are decimating the military and maintenance issues.
Are you being paid by the Left? You are a embarrassment to Arizona. Retire NOW!!
The budget is just plain inadequate. Not enough for education, health care, occupational safety, environmental protection.
So speaks the never-Trumper. And he wonders why he lost his bid for president.
@SenJohnMcCain why would you say "DOA" instead of "We'll work to increase the defense budget"? Liberal wolf in republican sheeps clothing
You are a true leader, and stand up for what do you believe in. Don't stop. But I do question $1.1T budget.
soros sock puppet johnny!
@JeffFlake  The Trump Budget should be DOA for all programs cut! Not just DoD!
US Military will spend whatever you give them & cry for more...they are plenty big & lobbyists should be happy.  Single Payer needed.
Agree but I also agree that because of your treason remarks about our president it's time for you to step down. Jealously is sad
Enjoy being nonpartisan. When Dems exploit Republican divisions and win I'll remember guys like you fondly when I'm on the single payer line
Are you a Republican or a leftist?  The working class elected Trump. It is time for you and your friends to support him.
As a person doing well economically, we don't need tax cuts!  Things cost money.  We need a strong defense and to help the least among us!!
As a person who wants other persons and small businesses to do well we need a tax cut.
Senator, you voted for sequestration to hollow our military during war. @POTUS budget increases pentagon spending to undo your damage.
Our military budget puts at risk the American People and Our economy! We need Our tax dollars to be spent to better Our lives & world peace!
Yes, just like you stopped Obama's actual cuts to Defense. You oppose Trump at every opportunity because you are a sore loser.
US needs to devote all spending to defense.  Cut health and education completely.  How else will it fight Russia on 17 different fronts?
Spend Trillions to "fight terror" in the last 20 years and only made more. NJ.  60B/yr to cure world hunger would do more for fraction.
Shut up fake Republican.  Wonder what Demi's have in you.
omg I wish you were up for re-election next year...can't wait to get you the heck out of Washington. Flake too! #KelliWard
Then you need to offer up something that is better instead of just being negative about it
Support your president
Hope you are cognizant all parts that harm physical and environmental health, welfare, security, economy, public educ at all levels
I'm so sick of you. Support our President or resign.
In total agreement.  McCain is a R.I.N.O and he needs to GO !!!
My question to you is what would you like to cut to increase the defense budget and what amount is the sweat spot?
Look John you are no genius you couldn't even win the presidency so go away
Cooperate with the GOP president or nothing will get done Wake up Mccain You are assisting the Dems obstruct the GOP Pres Senate + Congress
everything is DOA in Congress
#yousuckmccain
What about the other needs of Arizonans? 603 billion? The challenges we face are inflicted by our corrupt government. You are complicit.
So an 3% increase isn't a good start ? What happened to the fiscal conservative "Sheriff" of the senate ?
Afterall, if we all die of disease and starvation who will be left to fight those wars that keep the wealthy comfortable and powerful?
Adequate funding of our military is important but decimating our social safety net is worse
The whole budget should be DOA! cutting school lunches and meals on wheels and hab4humanity is disgraceful!
Does it matter anymore?  We have a CINC that doesn't believe in any of our services core values and no one in GOP seems to care.
And you were great on Seth!
I hope to hell its DOA because it's idiotic not because it doesn't have enough money for our bloated whale war machine #Priorities
John, negotiate a new budget if you are dissatisfied--which is your job. Public opposition of the Pres is not good for Republican Party.
Please just go AWAY!!
What the hell is wrong with you!!  Retire. Please!!
Instead of doing late nite TV that no one watches, how about being collaborative with @realDonaldTrump @POTUS and get some stuff worked out!
How about working with the guy??? @realDonaldTrump sends a balanced budget and all you can do is whine and complain?
Don't forget we are watching
They get enough. It's a cyber war
Stop your BS, stand behind Trump. Rino's get on board the train! Better get behind our man!
Worry about doing you job! Or is your job being big mouth?
What are you talking about? He increased defense spending and cut many social programs. Retire McCain ...we need new blood
John, disagree that cutting food & education for children- our future, should be rated lower than building war machines.  Is there a medium?
W/all do respect I'm losing respect 4 u. Ur actiong like a Lib. Difine U position Rep or Lib. We need 2 unite once and 4 all
And Trump is giving away weapons to get kickbacks from Saudi. A stupid plan, placing more weapons into the middle east.
You sir are inadequate to serve. Go do your TV shows and get the **** out of the way.
Not surprised that @senJohnMcCain is one of the RINOS whinny about the budget. #draintheswamp #DrainTheDeepState #dumptheRINOS
Please retire already!
Give me a break. I worked for Army my entire career and I know WH budget is fkng crazy!
why not enough Viagra for you??
Sounds like it's "dead on arrival" for the wrong reason for you, Senator.  How much $$$ does our military REALLY need????  Seriously????
REALLY ??  WHY YOUR TERRORIST  FRIENDS NEED MORE ??
BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS - SONGBIRD !! 
WARMONGER !!
TIME FOR THESE OLD FOOLS TO LEAVE - THEY HAVE DONE ENOUGH DAMAGE TO THE COUNTRY & MCCAIN IN PARTICULAR !!
LOSER & COWARD & LIAR ..... GAVE US THE MUSLIM BECAUSE NO ONE WANTED HIM IN 2008 !!
TRAITOR FROM DAY 1 - THAT IS WHY THEY CALL HIM "SONGBIRD" !!
Dead on arrival? Really? And I thought you were on our side? You're blocking everything Trump tries to do; AZ, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
John McCain is a traitor to the American people
We can't spend what we don't have. Maybe you are ready to give up your salary along with all senators against a budget
The staff member in the White House with connections to Senator McCain, is your Leaker!
Please retire, or get on board with a winner like Trump!!
You need to support our President and do what the voters want instead of your personal ego. You really need to go.
Get behind our President's agenda or go home. You have out lived your usefulness. Can you say term limit!
RESIGN YOU TRAITOR
$603,000,000,000. Greed doesn't know when to stop.
It could have been a million billion and you would find fault. Please leave the GOP. If u r too ashamed to admit you r a Dem. Switch to IND
Since you failed to get elected as president, it looks like you're now trying to win the Benedict Arnold award...
Well, then screw you. #RINO
But you did allow Obama to cut a lot from military. You have axe to grind, you vote no on everything Trump, elections have consequences.
McCain, your disgust & constant criticism for our republican President is disgusting. You only care about revenge & yourself. Help not hurt.
Budget dead on arrival?  You have always been one of my hero's but this ANTI-STICK-IT to Trump thing you are on has changed my mind.
Shocked to see you not talking about cuts to benefits to poor n children but talking about more money for defense.
More of John mccain freedom fighters! Way to go john!
Also you are a traitor and your participation in this coup attempt will not come without consequence
Mr. McCain time for you to retire, you're a embarrassment to yourself and to all veterans
I am ashamed that my first GOP vote was wasted on you. Thank God I got it right with our @POTUS. You're a loser- retire!
Hey McCain where were you when Obama cut the heck out of the military. Think you need to put a D by your name.
you want MORE military spending? You're pissing off everybody today.
not to mention all the cuts to medicaid, etc. remember what Ike said
Cyber security is as important and a lot less expensive . Just ask the Russians
Are you willing to support entitlement reform suggested in budget? Or are you just playing the anti-Trump game again?
traitor
Trump voters hardest hit by his budget: NBC: please pay attention, trump does not care about us. Only about enriching himself. Vote him out!
If corrupt Congress would efficiently spend American Taxpayer's money vs. waisting it on overpriced barb wire and toilet seats, they'd Bfine
is the poster child for term limits.
Really John?  You are an embarrassment. Please do us all a favor and switch parties. I'm ashamed I ever voted for you. #RINO
Really? You had no idea how he would act based on his entire career? He never changed.
You are right. Like I said, "I'm embarrassed" I voted for the guy
Your budget was cut under Obama but you endorsed it so who exactly do you work for bc it's not the Republicans or Arizona?
it's amazing how vocal & combative you have become while for 8 years you were silent. SPEAK FOR ARIZONA!
Plz go away. Your awful
You're going to kill a budget based on not enough spending? I hope Arizona wakes up and votes you out. Voters want Trumps agenda, not yours.

I'm ashamed I ever voted for you.
You have what 10 years of life left?? Please quit. You fear a boogeyman when the biggest threat is literally walking into your state.
Instead of the negative, why not talk abt the positives & then remark that you'll work to make itbeven better. Your approach is annoying.
I'm sure the Romans said the same thing right before their empire collapsed.
Where's the tweet that says it's illegal?
You are a snake! You shouldn't have been reelected. At least we would have known we were electing a democrat.
Please, it's never enough for you. What will it take to satisfy you?
You want to be known as a hawk for our defense, but you are feckless in everything you claim you stand for.
Get real we don't have starving children in the USA. We just have to many able bodied men and women who don't like to work
WHY don't you get of your high horse and support our president?  what is wrong with you?
I respect all veterans but you now. You have become a anti American cry baby. Why don't you switch to the Democratic Party.
You need to register as a Democrat. You sure don't support your party or President
You are out of touch. Did you agree with and pass every budget Obama came up with?
No you only rubber stamp Obama's.budgets. Hack
Just how much is 'enough' John?  I think you're wrong on this too.  Time to retire. #draintheswamp
What would you change in the budget? i am sick of you complaining about Trump all the time. Stop your crying.
Yes we need more for our military. It's time for you John McCain to step down your traitor remarks towards Trump are RIDICULOUS time to Go!!
Gutting every other part of the budget just to provide Trumps proposed increase. Where would we get the money to satisfy ur lust for war?
With every thing gutted you focus on the inflated Military budget? #fail
I am a constituent of yours. You picked a lousy time to be an obstructionist. Your last years in the Senate are a waste for us.
What is your proposed plan of action then?
Quit acting like bitter old man & support this President & his team!!! If you want to be a demo than resign your seat!!!
Do your country a huge favor and RETIRE!!!!!
I dont know, sir. Have to hear the whole matter. Some military expenses are as unjustified as many social budget desires. YK
You are the biggest threat to our democracy.  I think it is time for you to step down from the Senate.
Poor choice of words Sen McCain. Maybe you should have said, "We have some work to do." You need to stop being such a roadblock to Trump.
why dont we round up some of ur kids &/or grandkids & send em over to the front lines! Or ANY other politician!
why are u so obsessed w/war? Is it only about the $? Or death? WTF is it? What dirt do THEY have on you? Do tell!
Instead of running to the usual media leftist sources to denounce,why not work with Potus .Americans are getting tired of political bullshit
DOA on arrival.  Thought reference to a person.  Johnny can't stop stupid!
If you think that falls short, keep reading down to the HHS part. You'll cry. Cuts to the most vulnerable people. Maybe they should enlist?
It's not CUTS. It is a decrease in the % of increases.The programs need to serve those in real need, not those who refuse to help themselves
Double it instead of whining!We need leadership,not someone who gives up so easily!Less gov't handouts! No social programs! #BenefitsForWork
But you can't through the less fortunate out into the street.  Keep Social Security and Medicare STRONG & NO CUTS!!!!
Warhawk. You don't like the proposal because it doesn't spend enough money? What kind of Republican are you? #termlimits
Yeah. Ur right. Why would we want to run our country like a business anyway? Pls, pls retire. 6 terms in Senate and 2 in House is too long.
Im all for repeal and replace with a better plan, but no one is talking about fixing the biggest problem, big pharmas monopoly on medicine
We spend more than any country on earth on military and dont even use it. Down with Rhino warhawks. How much do lobbyist s pay you?
Ty for being a voice of reason. Once again your country needs you.
I wish YOU were "dead on arrival" you RINO. Try SUPPORTING our President instead of attacking. You sound like a Democrat!
Pot, n kettle dear puppet
I'm really failing 2 see what u offer of quality John! You sound like a bratty little kid most of the time you speak. We R paying for this?
rebuild?
Sir, at what cost to the poor, sick& elderly?
so where do add'l $$$ come from w/proposed deep cuts in Trump's budget proposal?
You are Always part of the problems never have or offer any of your own viable solutions sad !
When you criticize everything our great Pres does , you lose all authority of opinion
Have you read it RINO
I hope you'll defend against the other terrible cuts the President has proposed. Especially to health and education...
