What about Ukraine? Why no response in a week to Putin's invasion? Or is this the price for Trump & GOP getting in the WH?
Ukraine hardly has oil so we don't have to kiss their behinds. Saudi does. In plenty.
Maybe not, but Ukraine is strategically important to Russian & Putin's aggression toward other E Euro countries
You better be worried about hold on to USA tax dollars first! Budget coming up follow the money!
Our children and their futures are more important & urgent than taxes. DeVos vote comes up first
Yes; This is about breaking one of the last great "Unions"! Money! How much is each student worth?
The White House is compromised and you know it. This move benefits Russia above all else.
how does it benefit Russia
Get sanctions lifted. Destablize West & Middle East. Interrupt oil supply. Rosneft wins. As does Flynn..
My first thought was "oh God, he has the nukes launch codes!
I Haven't been this scared since grade school under deck drills during the Cuban Missile crisis.#needbombshelter
so like, are you generally a wuss or something?
Might not have Iranian aggression if it weren't for the #MuslimBan & DT lack of diplomacy.
what about Ukraine???
What's Ukraine? I thought it was a part of Russia now.
now if we can just get you/McCain to stand up to dems and vote YES to MICK Mulvaney.
Be care Senator McCain of the line you are crossing with President Trump. You are stepping out of line!
what about Russia John?
gonna send them an edible arrangement
That's only fair and proper after the golden showers.

drum roll please #WarDrumsBeating
Lets just hope you don't back-stab the WH with any backdoor phone calls of apology.
What is that? Double secret probation? Piss off Australia, your second front attack advantage. REAL SMART
ahh...but why did they do it ?  hmm ?  yeah thats what I thought.
you aren't gonna badmouth and diss our POTUS on this? Why? Since it's your new daily purpose and all.
Stop going behind @POTUS back like you did today calling Australia.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/826969027381596161 …
you know the aggression is there because your president started it. #protectthepeople #protecttheunitedstates
this is what cost you the election before.
But he treatened them first is what I heard! All throughout the campaign; truth is the truth no disrespect.  USA!
You Still Can't Call Him President? You had your shot and gave it away to @barackobama! Straighten up! @GOP @SenateMajLdr
Obamer ruined everythin! Wish you were the president back in 2008, but people couldn't stand your crazy VP
Trump is blunt it's refreshing after listening to slick political types who lie to get elected
yeah we can thank Obama for sending them billions to build these missiles. What a disgrace he was to our country
FINALLY YOU SUPPORT OUR REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT!!!ABOUT TIME!  AMERICA HAS THEIR EYE ON YOU AND UNDERMINING SEN GRAHAM
With threats to bomb Tehran? And no threats to Russia who provides missile support to Iran?? Confused Priorities!
If it were you, ok. Trump, scary  - for all of us!!!
Too bad you can't be supportive of him as well
Don't fall for this bullshit. Trump is just looking for an excuse to start a war.
Obama struck a deal w Iran and Trump wants to dismantle it. 2 and 2 = 4. Love the US but Trump is killing it.
now let's put Russia on notice for invading Ukraine
it would be nice if you would stand up to Pelosi. Her aggression against Bannon is libel and disgusting and deplorable
Did we say the same sort of thing to Pakistan, or India? When the shoe fits ... and Pakistan is our real issue in Afghanistan
But not standing up to Russian agression.
please put Russia n notice too!
sir, he lied and said they fired on a US vessel. That would have been an act of war.
Non-nuclear warhead Ballistic missiles are NOT disallowed in the nuke agreement and you know that!
yea but ignored Russian aggression into Ukraine
who the hell dovyou think provoked the aggression?
and what happens when they launch another missile?
But what about the other stuff?
yes we must get an executive order signed forcing Ben Affleck to direct the next Batman movie
groan..!
they've already shot at us once, we should've had an eye on them all along.
we shot at them too. Iran Air Flight 655.
educate yourself, know the facts about why we did what we did.
Were U glad when alt prez ordered raid on Yemen 2 justify Muslim Ban, 2? Killing US Soldier & many others? Benghazi?
were you glad when they released shitty sequel to Independence Day, all the Saw movies, & any Nic Cage movke
I don't watch Hollywood movies, just documentaries. I wouldn't know. Who's Nic Cage? What's a movke? No fake news
And you agree with another unilateral decision? We thought you were a decent politician. What a let down!
it's always good when two nutters threaten each other
Are you going to apologize for that too?  Quit calling yourself a Republican.
'on notice'? WTF does that mean? Sending Iran to it's room?
This is a good tweet!  More like this!!
calling the PM of Australia to apologize for Trump. Who Do You Think You Are. Who appointed you. RESPECT OLD MAN!
John McCain never saw a war he didn't like!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain @hedayatmostowfi @Reuters new administration needs to stand firm against #Iran regime aggression #FreeIran
work within the team, stop going to the media and playing up to their game. Go directly to Administration, TEAM!!!
the corrupt media is frothing at the mouth for dissension of the Trump Team. Don't give them a chance to mix words
what about Saudi aggression? Wahabism is at heart of ISIS. Iran a counter to Saudi hegemony
ok now go after Ukraine with same vigor!
I wish I had your confidence, but method @POTUS @realDonaldTrump used was juvenile and likely to escalate tensions.
what does "on notice" mean? We need more precision than that. And was the missile illegal? Please tell us.
except with his stupid mouth, he is going get us into a war. He is the worst diplomat this country has ever seen
, Flynn announced that "Iran is on notice" BUT Russia is not?? Senator McCain, do u Republicans plan to stay silent?
, and starts a war! Here's the thing, Americans need diplomacy, not war mongering, even with IRAN! Speak up.
on notice of what exactly? Statement sounded pretty weak to me.
- First positive thing you have said in a while. Good job. Keep it coming.
small correction, we all know it's over oil....I wouldn't be surprised if we did the test, complete corruption
I keep trying to call @JeffFlake @JohnMcCain or the operator! @GOP WE ARE UNITED AGAINST DEVOS! Vote NO! NO! NO!
Umm yeah and about the bombing of the Ukraine by Russia? You glad w that behavior too?#StopSB4 #Resist #ResistOften
and yet he's also picking fights with Mexico, Australia and all allies. But friends with Russia. Wrong path for USA!
ok.  I don't need to agree with you on everything. No Bomb Bomb Bomb Bomb Iran please....
.@SenJohnMcCain @Reuters You have to hope that his end game isn't a nuclear bomb. Be careful what you wish for.
wow senator. You too?!!
My Dad served in Nam 
He was wounded in the head &  soaked with agent orange 
Thanks for spittting on his grave ..
Absolutely nothing on Russia .. you are all compromised comrades ..
New administration should support the Iranian opposition Mek
Hey @SenJohnMcCain Remember when Russia interfered in our election and helped get @POTUS elected?  INVESTIGATE
I demand an investigation into the botched Yemen raid.  This is NOT ok!  We cannot send Americans into harms way!
dftrump is an erratic leader it is time to get rid of this guy. He doesnt represent the majority of americans
idiot
How about the aggression towards Australia? Do you support that?
Yeah, but why all the admiration for Putin, who is murdering women and children in Aleppo?
Caved on Tillerson-thanks for putting our country in Putin's hands, Comrade.  Hoped maybe a few R's had spines left.
The action was in line with boosting Iran’s defense power and is not in contradiction with the JCPOA
#iran #IranDeal
Seriously?  Via tweet. You are proud of @realDonaldTrump? Time to see the big picture of America's future. Scary!!
It got you off Ukraine yesterday. Anything to get people off Pootie, Don's only call that wasn't a mess? Smooch!
W/O any plans in defense apparatus, or warning to them that 'Demented' (McCaffrey & others) Flynn would babble
stand up to Devos!!
Wow..Two times in a row that you are on the right side of the issue...That has to be some kind of record for you.
How many soldiers will Trump get killed this time?
DT IS INSANE HE IS a JOKE and he is destroying our  country! I'm a Dem. But I respect youR dedication. HE MUST BE IMPEACHED!
Geez, you're embarrassing. Put down the Kool-Aid. He isn't a republican-he's a ethnic nationalist fascist. #Ukraine
McCain should be president!!
Appeasing policy Obama  has let mullahs 2 expend #terrorism around D world
it's about time!!!
US fires missiles all over middle east causing  mayhem then condemns Iran testing missile.  Typical hypocrisy.
Iran isn't going to back down & they know it! I'm sure Trump's Russian buddies r gonna love the gas price to go up.
don't u realize the only reason these other countries are postering right now is because trump is weak and they recognize it
Looks like Trumps taking an aggressive stance with Australia and Mexico too. Phew. Allies are just such a drag.
@aduanebrown @Reuters  How about STANDING UP to the violent protestors in masks. America First right?
How about Israel's nuclear arsenal?
WH threatens Mexico with invasion. Excellent! What next, Poland?
really, really?  Don't encourage him Senator. And please vote no on Mr Sessions.  Look  closely @ judge pic thanks
So we get ready for another war in the middle east?
What about WH spat with Australia? And Mexico? Are you going to let this draft dodger destroy all foreign relations?
Trump accuses Australia of trying to send U.S. the "next Boston bombers":  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-australia-malcolm-turnbull_us_589293c3e4b070cf8b80b22e?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … … via @HuffPostPol
U.K. Parliament to Review Petition to Ban Trump From State Visit http://usm.ag/2k6m5MR  via @UsWeekly
Is that standing up to Iran or is that being feckless and wear ?  Remember?Reuters
REALLY ?? You support this crazy man Trump bannon alliance ??  Has the horror of war left your memory ?
why don't the WH stands up to North Korea the same way they stand up to Iran?
Trump just killed a lot of people in Yemen including women and children.Is US officially at war with Yemen?
Your no maverick,  just a partisan hack. A true stateman would stand up to what is going on.  #CountryOverParty
@LindseyGrahamSC Oh great,Trump blasted Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull too. http://fw.to/67VSZjc 
? is indep invest into Russ interf into election&if Tr&Tr campaign was involved.Europe says we have fascist ldr
Senator He is Tweeting words that will cause War! And Australia PM, this is  bad Senator. Why are you OK with this?
He's an authoritarian ruler like his friend Putin. Tr has alienated Mexico,Australia,Brit ppl don't want him there
you better stand up to Trump aggression. He is mentally ill and you know it.
MORE SCARED OF THE RUSSIAN LED COUP IN THE US THAN ANY MADE UP STORIES ABOUT IRAN. COMPLETE FAKE NEWS WON'T MAKE IT.
What the heck is wrong with Trump--him threatening to send U.S. troops to Mexico https://www.yahoo.com/news/president-trump-threatens-send-u-234404938.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … … via @YahooNews
AMERICAN AGGRESSIN!!
I supported you in 2000 vs Bush. You were a hero. How does it feel to be of the party destroying America?
so you said you would block all nominations if Hillary wins? To think I used to have respect for you.
Trump advisor Steve Bannon under fire for past comments on Islam, Middle East
Please review Bannon's positions and tread carefully in your support.  Address the Ntl Security Council changes ASAP
Please help!  Stop him from starting another war.
Senator it is #sad and #shameful to see you bend over for the antics of @realDonaldTrump Thought you were #honorable
Are you sure? Have you checked with the Dems to see where they stand?
No thanks to you, Senator. How about backing our President more often rather than huddling with L Graham & sniping
"on notice"???? boy I'm scared now!
what about #Russian aggression. Guess #putin really did take over our country. #Trumprussia
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP Is ANYONE actually governing OUR country?! #Cataclysmic #Joke
yeah this is happening 2, options?
Senator McCain what does that mean? Please explain to those of us who DO NOT want war with Muslim nations
He created the aggression with his actions, you can't say he's standing up to something he created.
oh cool, today you with us.
Wait a sec! How about putting Russia on notice for shelling Crimea!
why aren't they standing up to Russia bombing Ukraine again. Where is the investigation into Russia.#TheResistance
He said Hillary would start WWIII. Then he said you and Sen Graham wanted to. I guess we know who REALLY will. Yikes
Thank you for supporting!
you're glad any time there is war
notice for what....war? You are all asswipes!
And
back on the bad list
Are we nearing DEFCON 5?
How's that going to go over w/ trump's puppeteer, Putin?
so what r u gonna do about the aggression from the WH? And what exactly does "on notice" mean?
IGAME MOVE. Iran tests missile,we trtn Iran, showdown, Putin negot w/ Iran,Crisis Avert,read Putin lift sanctions
seriously what does notice even mean? This seems very stupid.
Putin Is going to call trump and tell him no. Just wait
Warmongering! There's a special place in hell for you ALL 
I'm liking that. Couple of cruise missles might be a wakeup call.
Russia got two so does South Korea the alliance 3nations the next 11 S@SenJohnMcCain @PaulRyan  @nytimes @myTimes.
Stand beside our president. I like that!
total bs
what about the ukraine??? Why isn't anyone talking about Trumpty's buddy
and what about the ukraine???  Ted Malloch for EU?? serious?
FUNDS THE RADICAL GROUPS
MCCAIN WHY ARE YOU SUCH GOOD FRIENDS WITH SOROS THE ONE WHO IS TRYING TO DESTABILIZE AMERICA AND INCITES RIOTS AND
Russia, Ukraine, Hello? #Ukraine
Wow you're finally backing the Republicans? i dont believe it!
You really don't know what the WH meant. Do you?
We'd all feel better if our government would  stand up to Russia and Trump.  Please stop ignoring the insanity!
Ask yourself John, WHY is this happening?  Our #Sootflake of a POTUS and #PresidentBannon's *BAN*??? FFS WAR next?
. Vote no De Vos. She is utterly unqualified. Disaster for public education in rural areas.
if only they could do the same with putin
why are you so surprised at this move? Everybody else in the world could see it coming. USA now world's biggest joke
Please vote no to DeVos. Please.
Please post video of pigs flying.
what does "put on notice" mean? It is an empty threat. How can you support this monster with Bannon in his ear? #NoBanNoWall
The Terrorists must end with balas and Missils.USA and Russia not end the allied.Lady Oscar.Steve
How is it good? More threats? More damaged relationships? Please stop trying to find things to agree w Trump on.
What about Russian aggression in Ukraine? Any notice about that?
but not a peep about Russian agression
STAND UP FOR OUR CHILDREN. VOTE AGAINST #DeVos AZ NEEDS YOU TO STAND FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS. SIGNED, CHANDLER, AZ #NoDevosAZ
Your VM is full Johnny boy. Better listen to your constituents b4 you do something stupid.
You are weak.
Did everyone else forgot to put Iranian on notice in past? Iran "on notice" or else what?
Is WH drawing a ' red line"?
..NO BS HERE  NO LEADING FROM BEHIND OBAMAS FUBAR ABOUT TO END!!
We will not tolerate Iranian aggression and violations of the agreement, including this one.
