Love McCain! You on the other hand, Mariasshole not so much
YEAH TOO BAD YOU DIDN'T IN HANOI AS DA HERO??
Free for you to f..k us out of health care.What an ass you are Mr. Hero
I would like to thank you too sir for your service to all the vets...help Mueller get to the bottom of this Russia thing- get well sir!
In my father's memory I would like to say he earned a Purple Heart
We owe a debt of gratitude
I thank you for your service @SenJohnMcCain but as far as Obamacare, you totally betrayed us!
Trump always wanted a Purple Heart.  Gag!
McCain your brain tumor has destroyed what was left of your feeble mind. Retire.
You may be free as a political fatcat but we taxpayers are still wearing the shackles of Obamacare thanks to you.
Thank you Senator for all your service. You are the real American hero
McCain is a disgrace. Ask Vietnam vets. They'll tell you about a bad pilot responsible for American deaths, a traitor, a songbird.
To a real American hero. Thank you for your service, and unlike a certain chicken hawk, you earned your Purple Heart.
You are a traitor, Songbird and we know how you hate Americans and veterans
too bad you don't keep your commitments Senator :(
William Arthur Needham.   thanx dad.
How about u unseal ur military records n explain y u accepted Presidential Pardon! Heroes' do not need pardons
Or care for those on medicad, VA patients leaving care for only those who don't already great insurance. McCain is a true hero.
Remember, Sen. McCain would not buckle to Trumps threats. Trumps plan did not provide care for women, pre-existing ills, reg. Check ups
Honor, Integrity and always defense of our country.  There is no thank you great enough.God Bless you and get well soon. Amen.
#McCain is not the best among us...
You certainly never earned a #PurpleHeart #Traitor
That includes you Sir. Thank you for ongoing service to country.
Thank you for service and bravery. You're a true inspiration to many, please don't pay attention to the Russian bots
Cousin was a Purple Heart recipient from serving in Vietnam. He succumbed to complications from Agent Orange in 2011
@realDonaldTrump 'Man, that’s like big stuff. I always wanted to get the Purple Heart," Trump said. "This was much easier.” @pizzafaice
From a true traitor

#purpleheartday the best of the soldiers... that don't go down at the first sound of gunfight.
With lies and deceptions, neon-cons like McPain  destroyed the lives of  millions of people in the mid-east. He deserve a firing squad!
Read: Message to  Bush and Cheney From a Dying Veteran
Hanoi John Sing  for us Songbird
Not a GOP,  I respect you and your values. You have done so much for our country! I keep you in my prayers, God Bless and Keep Senator.
What day do we recognize traitors?
Benedict McCain day?
Bet you didn't get one! Liar & Cheat! Did you go to VA for health care? NO! We all deserve the same quality coverage!
WE DON'T WANT OR NEED YOU IN THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
To bad you sacrificed your fellow POW's
Remember, but unforgettable courage Russian!Welcome to Moscow!
Welcome to Moscow!!!
Do you believe in God,Mr. #JohnMcCain?
Free? Did Vietnam attack you? Or Iraq? Or Libya? It appears that so far your country is free to attack anyone
In 2008 you were so lame you lost against a non citizen.

Thank you for your service Senator.  You are a true American hero.

I'd like to thank you in advance for doing what the f*\< you promised you do.  RINO
john you're a traitor and your crimes will be found out
I know your sick but you have to stop the new Trump Propaganda TV, its not @FoxNews anymore! He broke FCC laws! Impeach him! Or we'll remove
We remember you're a traitor, a fraud and a criminal. Scared john boy?
Traitor.   RINO.
Thank you for your service, sir. Stay strong, and stay true to yourself and to our country.
Thanks for your service and praying for your recovery.
This is so disturbing but more so for the Republican silence then the president's blatant corruption
Remembering my father in-law wounded in WWII. Part of America's greatest generation
Thank U John McCain for your service
I hope you get primaried.. traitor..
You are a true War Hero Senator McCain...Thank You for your service and your sacrafices for our country.
The GOP and the Swift Boaters taught me that Purple Heart recipients were only Democratic turn coats like John Kerry he had 3
@SenJohnMcCain- you are an American hero. Thank you for your amazing commitment to this country and sacrifice for this country.
Thank you.
From someone who actually EARNED a #purpleheart. Politics aside ty for your service.
Thank you for your service, you are a real patriot! 
You're a traitor, that's what you are!!!
Including you, sir. Our entire family sends our prayers & best wishes to you @john mccain
I can't help but think of Trump who got out of the Vietnam war, a war you served honorably in, then he got a purple heart and called you...
McCain you lost me....turned traitor....sold us out for your own gain...
You liberal Hack!!!!!!!!!!
My Dad was part of the Greatest Generation: a Marine who survived Iwo Jima, Guadacanal, Tarawa and wounded on Saipan.
Disgraceful that a traitor would tweet about the Purple Heart. Some of the people you're "honoring" got theirs because of you Mr Wet Start.
Yea Senator McCain.  From Canada 
Of all politicians, you are my hero b/c u stand up for what's right- damn the personal consequences! Thank you!
As I remember my uncle who gave the ultimate sacrifice, thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service yesterday & everyday for all #PurpleHeart
We all need to encourage young people to participate Military & Com Service - helps strengthen Nation; dev young folk &  take burden off few
...will any of those terrorists your funding in Syria get the Purple Heart
...John McCain funds and arms terrorists in syria.
Thank you for your service Senator..prayers for a speedy recovery. Proud to be the daughter of a purple heart and oak leaf cluster WW2 vet.
Call upon that courage now Senator and save our democracy. We need just one brave patriot in the GOP to take a stand. It should be you.
You really screwed your own legacy, sad, should have never been reelected! Trump will succeed...
Your vote has left us with stuck with Obama care I hope your happy you traitor
Thank you for your service Senator McCain.
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senatore McCain . He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
It is to bad we do not have representatives with that kind of courage, they would do what they were elected to do.
Too bad McCain doesn't have courage in Congress
You are no longer one of us, your hatred for trump is only hurting us!
Retire now.
WHY THEN DO YOU WANT TO RUIN OUR COUNTRY?  OUR CONSTITUTION OVER RULES ANY UN LAWS.
Find a rock climb under it and pleas do not come back to Washington.Also take Soros with you.
Just can't buy your intentions any more so fake.
Don has one, right?  What does that say?
You deserve another one for what you are going through. Thank you for your service.
No he doesn't.  It's only recieved during combat period.
True HEROS...unlike YOU
You supporting Nazi shit in #Ukraine now eh, #Senator  #Antifa #TheResistance #StayWoke  to this #USA #Fuckery 
A group of heroic fighters for #Ukrainian freedom?

Or a group of sadistic neo-Nazi thugs?…
Orange Man
Thank you for your courage and heroism
Thank you for your service 
Thank you my brothers and sisters.  We all gave some, you gave much more.
Thankyou for your service. And beat the cancer oi did. 
Make sure you put all  Congress and the Senate on Obama care, and VOTE TERM LIMITS
Be well!
You don't fool anyone with your purple revolution coup, you all make me sick.
Senator...where is the outrage from you regarding the cops killed daily....and your promise to repeal and replace? You should be ashamed #!
I remember when mine was pinned on. The CG said congrats and I said "what" he then replied in this case don't let it happen again!
Thank you Sen. McCain
Yours as well!
That's repulsive coming from you McCain. Remember, your daddy is not here to protect you now.
Songbird
Thanks to you and all the other recipients for their ultimate sacrifice for our freedoms. I hope we are able to keep them.
He didn't ultimately sacrifice.  The sailors on a rooftop in Benghazi did.
Thanks for your service!
We love and appreciate all who serve.  Wish you loved this country as much as you pretend to be patriotic.
Except for the one some old soldier stupidly gave to Trump.
Screw you.  If that soldier wanted to hand his Purple Heart to the President he earned the right.  Who are you to judge.
From a liberal Democrat... Thank you Sen. McCain!  You are a TRUE Patriot!    I wish good health for you sir.
Thank YOU, Senator. A warrior and a patriot.
Warrior really??
Thank you for your service & your example! A true role model, leader and patriot. I disagree w/ your politics, but I respect your character!
He would a role model if he grew a spine and told Soros to piss off.  If he waged war against HRC and Obama for their crimes in Benghazi
We will vote you out!  Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance supplement
Thank you again for your long. and steadfast service to your country.
We thank you all for your service as we do all who serve today

Today on #PurpleHeartDay let's remember how bad Trump is for our military & veterans—via this @BryanDawsonUSA video. 
Why don't you just shut up John. It's best we not hear from the likes of you!!!!
Including you, Senator! Thank you for have served for us and show what a real hero is. I salute you!
AND WE OUGHT TO ASSURE
THAT A WOUND IN BATTLE IS A WOUND 
IN BATTLE,,MANY PTSD DESERVE?
WHILE SOME DON'T EVEN COME CLOSE2 THIS WHO RECEIVED?
IS THIS TRUE?
Thank you for your service!
Thank you for your service to this country @SenJohnMcCain
I sure pray you are doing well
We must never forget
I was given this, freedom
I will remember,
I do
remember
Let's take gifted Purple Heart away from  DJT
Or that they have crooked friends in high places to give them one even though they are the biggest song bird in the land.
@potus But we don't celebrate a man who said, "I always wanted a Purple Heart. Getting it this way was easier" as a vet who gave&walks away.
Meaning he understands the tremendous sacrifice.
Thank you for your service.
Old ass!!In the pit in Vietnam!!
Thank you for your service, sir, and don't mind trump he's temporary.
You wish, oh but McCain is
Yes god bless their sacrifices but you Senator are a traitor to your party and the voters who gave you a President so that you repair
Thank you for your service and sacrifice, Senator McCain.
And, we remember YOUR courage Senator.  Thanks..
Can't wait to read the headline McCain succumbs to brain cancer. Cancer is the real hero. McShame is a TRAITOR!
Please retire John!
I served not interested in pathetic hypocrite though who let men die in Benghazi or VA lines.  Not interested people who don't care about US
What about traitors, never forget about what Hanoi John did!
John McCain: "we remember."  Trump: "I thank."  One, a hero. One, a goat.
Thank you for your service.  Any plans on ditching the draft dodger for Pence?
Dint you mean service members who have been sacrificed ?
Id like to thank the John McCain how served in the US armed forces. The one in office as turned into hypocritical disappointment.
But our freedom has never been challenged by a foreign adversary. The GOP is the only true threat to our freedom.
Thank YOU for your courage, heroism and sacrifice.
I am working breu of engraving & printing.
Thank you for your service!
The #USA Has More to #Lose Than #Russia in #Spy #Expulsions
Your a great man Senator but many could go another lifetime without being reminded
I guess Trump could not even sacrifice his bone spurred foot. Sad
Nope. Wonder if we checked his records the spurs stayed on one foot or swapped between the two? Should have shaved then of like the hair.
Thank you for your service. May the Lord bless you, Se. McCain.
Thank you
Okay. Your score is now: 1 vote for Humanity - 500 votes for Party Before Country! Call a Treasonous Traitor what he is. BE FIRST, Sir!
Not for congress or senators who take our rights from us who have never been in the front lines. You they deserve no healthcare, no privacy
And naturally you too! How ya feeling?
My Father-in-law earned 2 Purple Hearts in WWII, was a POW. You were supposed to speak to his POW group. You blew them off & sent your wife.
Because he is a "Songbird". Lowest of all. I see all these tweets on his service only if they really knew the truth.
He only talks abt Vets b4 elections. He couldn't care less abt our Veterans. If he did he wouldn't send his know nothing wife 2 talk to POWs
Thank you Sen. McCain for your bravery then and now. Still serving and protecting the people.
Please
God bless the veterans and all serving And God bless you with your health and your service and GOD BLESS AMERICA
Doesn't include article V violators. Code of Conduct!
Hllo I love you.
That one's good!! I think we ALL can agree on that... well, the smart people anyway!
Including you, Senator. Thank you.
yes we do, unlike the Treasonous war criminal @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you for your service 
And in case anyone forgot, #OurPresident "doesn't like people who were captured." @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #Trump #POTUS
McCain loves to make money from war.McCain Institute.Arsenal is drying up.Tick Tock
A coward talking about http://heroism.How  Ironic!
Someone who has done nothing 4 their nation talking about how a POW who survived years in captivity &returned w/honor is a coward? Worthless
Who makes money with the Arsenal he owns.Could that be why he cries for war constantly.McCain is the coward.
