Well.....   that's one thing I agree with
We became the newly poor, like some chavistas are newly rich, especially those with access to preferential dollars https://escritosdeorlan.blogspot.com/2017/09/now-anger-is-all-around.html …
... But you sell 100 million dollars worth of weapons to Saudi Arabia... #hypocrisy
The dictator Maduro has just stepped back in his shamelessness dare. That would had been his last speech in the free world.
Same is true of the traitor Trump!
Like letting @realDonaldTrump to be the president of the United States. Makes a mockery of the institution
Aw, are you still crying because Hillary lost? 
Allowing @SenJohnMcCain to remain in the Senate is disgraceful & makes a mockery of the institution.
We do have free elections, and he was elected. Ergo...
He lied to his constituents about his plans if elected. You know, like when we voted for Zero twice. But @POTUS keeps his word! #MAGA!
It is EXTREMELY easy to keep your word when you change your word - often. Russian associations? 'NO' Russian associations? 'Well, a little.'
You making a mockery of the US Senate is just as disgraceful but I don't see you doing or saying anything about that
US is a mockery now on UN Watch list re: Charlottesville #DoSomethingGOP Trump is a Racist and Putin's Puppet #TrumpTowerMoscow
As bad as having Trump represent our country.
@POTUS @realdonaldtrump - and living with Trump destroying our own Nation's values makes the US better in what way, Senator???
And what is going on here?  WHY is  @GOP allowing Trump to do the same things ...
What do you recommend the U.S. do Senator? Be specific, please!
WHAT WILL YOU DO ABOUT IT??
No brain McCain...U r misplaced as a US Senator. U should be a foreign affairs correspondent for CNN.
above your pay grade
Maduro .. algún día serás atrapado, como un perro de sarna, y encarcelado.
Is Venezuela a member? Freedom of speech. Like it or not.
You need to focus on the human rights in your own state and country ... your party is not looking good right now sir
Another chance for Trump to cozy up to another dictator.
Isn't he the one @realDonaldTrump  invited to the @WhiteHouse ?
Too bad our country surrendered the moral high ground by electing @realdonaldtrump so kakistocrats could enact their own disgraceful agenda.
oh get over it!
You're not POTUS so don't act like one
What we r allowing in US is equally concerning. Anyone stating a human should succumb to a condition will answer for it.
Uh,@SenJohnMcCain, have you noticed that the UN put us on the list of human rights violations?
Let me guess, they have petroleum and they don't want to use petrodollar?
Maduro .. gains WEIGHT, while his country starves to death. His military KILLS the defenseless while we sit here scratching our asses.
Traitor
When should we invade?
Maverick is loyal to the Senate first before country!
MAVERICKS only concern now is his legacy! He will attack POTUS over Sheriff Joe pardon and not say one word about his good friend Hillary
Maverick makes a mockery out of the Senate protecting all his colleagues past and present! Maverick will never condemn Hillary or Menendez
R U talking about the Trump regime?
Have you seen our so-called president?
Trump 'broke faith' and it may be because John McCrae is 1 of ours it's hard
he can't be 'undone' or overlooked
why 0?
this Canadian

Blindsided? You turned on Trump & disrespected your voters-what do you think will happen?

https://m.youngcons.com/mccain-gets-blindsided-by-az-state-rep-who-says-hes-disrespecting-voters/ … via
Senator do u have to say anything about Burma and genocide going over there
You should be more focused on the Republican President trying to destroy your country and institutions.
You should  reevaluate your position with regards to Venezuelan regime! Definitely it is not the way Venezuelan oligarchy wants to paint it
As do y you
Does that apply to every other dictator, monarch, etc. You are wrong this time around, probably been given the incomplete  picture!
Saudi Arabia 
John, please pay attention to USA.
what are you going to do John,are you going to send your al Qaeda buddies after him
How ridiculous joke
Are you going to allow Venezuelan born #Dreamer s to be sent back there? Please codify #DACA
Senator McCain, please pass something
Besides gas
It's almost as bad as allowing you to call yourself a Republican.
Send in The Bernie. He wants America that way.  Rich elite all powerful middle class screwed.  Fact
Николас Мадуро отличный человек! Надеюсь, Россия будет его поддерживать и не позволит голодранцам из сша натворить нехороших дел!
Yes, but Saudi Arabia on the UN Women's Rights commission is every more disgraceful!
How about America? #WakeUpJohn #AmericaFirst
Retire. 32 years. Do nothing senator.
Is the @UNHumanRights dedicate to destroy #HumanRights?
McCain is no better than this dictator.
What about silence of USA on human rigjrs violations in kashmir n Myanmmar??? Are not they humans?
It's true but why are you silent on the ethnic genocide of rohangyas Muslims in Burma
Allowing CURRENT, brutal #American regime to address @UNHumanRights would be disgraceful & make a mockery of the institution.
You are disgraceful and it is you who makes Congress a mockery!!!!  You sir are a traitor to this country and it's people!
Oh?  I thought everyone just assumed the @UNHumanRights was already a complete joke that nobody respected yet we pay them $billions.
We need to concentrate on our own leader and his brutal human rights issues!
John shouldn't you be busy working on issues like REPEAL OBAMACARE?
@SenJohnMcCain sentor, I absolutely agree. Again, abusing the privilege democracy offers in order to rape those who oppose his regime.
The UN is a mockery.
should probably focus on human rights issue in US in terms of DACA, it's all starting 2 look like Nazi Germany, is this what DT's MAGA is?
Retire
https://cronkitenews.azpbs.org/2017/05/25/hhs-arizona-health-insurance-premiums-almost-tripled-since-2013/ ….  Do you care about us?
John. We need you to talk about Daca now . Not Venezuela
The people of Venezuela suffering is also important. Also, he already talked about DACA. He didn't say this, but it is unconstitutional
He not even releasing prisoners for whom court orders have been issued but will address UN.Better he goes Saudi Arab to get company there
Time to retire John. We appreciate your service but it's time for new blood and action instead of hollow words!
And what about insurance premiums in your own state You Democrat
You pay for them u give them your money I'm Hispanic n my family came the right way deport them n make them follow the freaking law
What about Saudi Arabia?
"I'll protect the head-lopping, sharia pimping, and Christians killing Saudi regime, with my life!" - John McCain, war-criminal and traitor.
stands up to Trump and starts working with Democrats on our problems.
It's not up to you to decide dear
Dear #SongbirdMcCain: @realDonaldTrump was elected President and @nikkihaley is America's UN representative. YOU can retire now. #GetLost
Finally I can agree with you, the U.N. is a mockery of common decency, like you are a mockery of the U.S. Senate. RETIRE Brutus
You've allowed the #KKK and other #hate groups to recruit, gather, and #terrorize #blackpeople rite here. What about our human rites?
Senator McCain we need to be taking care of our own problems. WE have a man child as POTUS. We are in trouble and it's time that the GOP
Um no. Believe that BS if you'd like, but it is disgraceful and an outright lie
You gonna talk shit about him like u did ur own President?
Human rights is the sham term for CIA interventions. @SenJohnMcCain People are awoke & tired of your lies. Plz live in peace

Russia Russia Russia
Oh shut up.
You are the mockery Songbird. Go lay down. It's over. It's all over. #Traitor #ExplainUkraine #BloodAndSoil #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #USAFIRST
Amazing. How an 81 year old man with brain cancer who hates computers can be so proficient utilizing Twitter all of a sudden. Megan? That U?
Lol
Well hello kettle...it's me pot...this about the same as you attempting to speak for the Republican party...retire RINO

@KamalaHarris  Of course he won't.  The UN might tell him something he doesn't want to hear.  Besides he's a thug!!!

Wauw how convincing. 
And just who was it that allowed him to speak? Ummmm Didn't Our @POTUS already say the UN is a JOKE?
Hey John how much did you pay for the dossier?
No worse than going to Syria and arming ISIS and Al-Qaeda
Learn some facts about the Syrian Civil War. Assad is pure evil. Iranian presence is growing in former ISIS territory. Major problem.
Yet, Syrian rebels, such as FSA, aren't ISIS or al Qaeda. Some terrorists infiltrate but they aren't the main opposition to genocidal Assad
Well said John
SJMC. That i totally agree with and the sooner he is removed and replaced, the sooner thd entire area will have stability and progress
We have larger concerns!
You made a mockery of our institution when you voted out of spite against healthcare reform. Loser. So petty.
So....we threaten South Korea on trade, but continue to import Venezuelan oil?
Brave stand, John. 
Instead of worrying about Venezuela, care about the people in your own country first. America First, not venezuela.
I know "Boom Boom", we should bomb them!  Jesus!
yet i'm sure you are fine with saudi arabia being on the un human rights council never seen you say anything about that
And so is allowing millions of Americans to suffer under Obamacare because you broke your promise
You are the reason Obama was president in the first place.
Who is right?
About what?
Doesn't matter. Trump is not EVER right. Not even twice a day like a broken clock. Never!
Psalm 120:1
A Song of Ascents. In my #distress I cried to the #Lord, And He heard me.
2 Corinthians 5:21
For He made Him who knew no #sin to be #sin for us, that we might become the #righteousness of #God in [1/2]
Him. [2/2]
