When do the true HEROs of #Arizona get their donations back? You are NO hero, you are a LIAR!!!!!!!!
Trump is admitted sexual predator and idiots elected him to be potus.
Trump is Not a sexual predator DEMs2018 not going to happen you are a damn Democrats who are liberal socialists communist asses Trump #MAGA!
Thank you John. American hero!
Thank you for your service Senator McCain. I'm a Democrat, and I love Obama, but I would've been honored to have called you my President
Gag! Puke!
Sorry, I don't buy your sentimental BS! You're a thorn in the Republicans side.
I doubt that,but if so,a thorn when the #GOP serves themselves,not people.Two parties, two sides, McCain worked to join both.#Bipartisanship
God Bless you John McCain.  You are a light in this time of Trumps Satanical lies.  24/7.
God bless u I may not agree with all of your politics but I respect congratulations sir
People on both sides of the aisle respect you because you fight for country and not party. We need more John McCains in Washington.
Never a HeroOnly A Traitor,A Disgrace To Our Nation,& What It Stands For.
Not really @SenJohnMcCain you are wasting taxpayers money. Have OBAMACARE for your terminal health condition. U can best server by RESIGNING
Thanks for  serving the country, I am veteran and each you for years. I see how you care for people and help the USA. Thks
These are men serving their country. Not like some GOPs serving self interest.
You have been a disaster as Senator & the worst Pres candidate ! You did nothing but advance yourself & do nothing  4 veterans.. a WINDBAG!
you need to retire you have done nothing but become like the dem an obstructionist.  Do the country a favor and resign
Retire please. Thanks.
I think you and Hillary have a lot in common. Are you good friends?
Congratulations! I may be on the opposite side of the aisle, but you are the kind of person who deserves respect! #proud
Congratulations. Thank you for all that you have done-especially taking the high road this past year.
You are the best. Thank you John McCain the country will never forget You
A man of honor
You are even an important player in the story of the whole world. Your voice is more important today than ever before.
I take my hat off and salute you John McCain I would like to see you President.  I guess we have to stick with half bake
Can you say participation trophy!!!
That award is more than earned, thank you for your service, sir.
Praying for you sir. Your courage and humility is admirable.
Oh sir you are no bit player your an inspiration n profile in couragr n selflish service..thx u so much
Lol n sorry i am a bad speller ...stay the course senator...we need n respect u as a person n public servant
You were a trader then and you are a trader now. Go sign up with the North Koreans.
God Bless America and God Bless the American hero John McCain!
Nothing but respect and admiration for you Sir!
Thank you, Senator McCain, for your continued service to this country. We need your voice of reason.
Can he just shut the f up already?!?
Sir I am a veteran along with my family, why can’t you come out and clear the stories of the  tapes/pardon durning the time you were a POW
You are a magnificent American,Sir!!
God bless you and your family too. We may not agree on all things but your service and courage inspire all od us. 
Sen McCain please review budget cutting billions from Medicaid &Medicare.Not how to treat sick. elderly,children in America.People not walls
Congratulations! Well deserved.
TRAITOR!!!
I watched you during the debates where you showed thoughtfulness and respect. Its a lost art form for your party now. True hero!
#MaverickUprising
And you are doing an amazing job! But you have much more to do! Be well and keep your strength because quality of life still matters.

Congrats on being awarded the Liberty Medal, on your beautiful family, & your amazing life, all of which inspires millions of us every day.
Congratulations--no one is more deserving.  Thank you for your service to our country.  May God bless you, sir.
May God bless you, Sen McCain!
As a Nave Vet I know more about McCain and his folly than most and he is no hero! Remember the Forrestal? Records sealed by his father!

Really. Bwahahaha
ABSOLUTELY WILL STAND BY YOU!!!!YOU ARE NOT A COWARD!!!  OTHER PEOPLE IN THE "WH" ARE DEFINITELY UNPATRIOTIC AND HAS THREATENED OUR SECURITY
GOD BLESS YOU SENATOR!!!! I DON'T CARE WHAT PARTY I AM ASSOC., W/I CARE ABOUT SHOWING RESPECT TO THOSE WHO HAVE EARNED IT!! DON'T STAND DOWN
What Bullshit!!!!
Thank you for your service to our beautiful State of AZ & to our country. You are a good man... And you have a wonderful family. God bless u
#JohnMcCain is a true American hero!
Haven't often agreed with your policies but never questioned your conviction & service to country. A man of integrity is rare these days.
Thank you for your service to our country!
gonna steal your phrase, "I've faced some pretty tough adversaries." you have and not only will you prevail, you have earned all our love.
Thank you. All we need to say.
Thank you for your service @SenJohnMcCain
Congratulations!
What happened to you!!!
God bless you Senator.
That's certainly an accurate characterization of yourself.  That is why you should retire, sir.
Very few people buy your crap. Perhaps you should read your own wikipedia to know what  you really  are .A back stabber and  sour grapes
America has been blessed to have you serve us in the service and as a politician.
Not.

Spurious Senator- @CharlesHurt: What has John McCain ever done? Who is he to attack @realDonaldTrump? #Dobbs #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
It’s well deserved, sir! 
RESPECT SIR !!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. You lo e this Country and care about her Citizens.  #LibertyMedal was deserved
Your an AMAZING man :)
Senator Mccain,God bless you!  Im a life long Democrat, a senior citizen, a widow. You give a sense of respect & wisdom to politics....
.... We need the respect & honor you bring to Washington!!!!
 Thank you!!!
Well deserved.
The fake president elected by Russian interference insulted all POWs and draft dodged 5 times while you , Mr. McCain are an American hero !
Yes Mr. McCain , but your fellow spineless , gutless GOPs are supporting a fake president who draft dodged !
YOU WERE & CONTINUE TO BE A TRAITOR. You have served only yourself. Release your war records if UR so confident of your celebratory status
Thank you for all you have done and continue to do
Senator McCain understands the high calling and responsibilities so enshrined in public service If only the @realDonaldTrump took lessons!
Much respect for you Sen. John McCain. I got a case to  Supreme Court, On your quote "No one is below or above the law"  2003
You have got to expose Trump. Your country and fellow citizens need you.
Senator McCain, you are the best. A genuine original and an outstanding American. From one Navy veteran to another, I salute you.
Again, did not like you before, now you have shown compassion for people! Thank you. 
You see the utter corruption of trump’s soul, take him
Thank you for your life long service and for standing up against the potus
Thank you for your service & your courageous demeanor! Let's hope that it is contagious! 
Heard ur speech. The great McCain I respected and loved is back. Continue the course. Don't give away ideals for the sake of political gain!

Thank you sir
Thank you for all the service to our country
We all salute you for your courage & bravery #Respect
I thank you for your honorable service to our country, except for bringing us Sarah Pailin.
yeah, serving WAR, WAR, and MORE WAR, nothing but WAR, always war, war forever and always war.
Congratulations & so very well deserved!
You are fighting the biggest battle of your life & Americans right by your side cheering you on!
Thank you for your service Mr. McCain!
Two professional politicians. This is the way Democracy ends. Let's get on with the project: it's in the other room.
Thank you for your ongoing service Sir.
And Its Time For You To Go Away B/C you can't be trusted.  You are what is WRONG with DC.  #RINO
Thank you for standing up to the BULLY in the White House.  Hopefully, more Republicans will join you soon and do what is right!
God Bless you Senator and thank you for your service!
Thank you for your service!! You’ll never be forgotten!  
Thank you Senator McCain for your service to our country. I am sending prayers and best wishes to you.
Thank you Senator for that moving speech. I am more patriotic for it. An award well deserved. -signed A liberal
Congrats Mr. John McCain. You deserve this medal. My father was a veteran. Thank You for all you do for us then & now!!
You are a blessing to this country!!
We have always been able to depend on you taking the "high road". You make me proud to be known as an American.
GOD BLESS YOU JOHN! Your a refreshing reminder of who we are as American's.
You are a blessing  thank you for your service!!!
Yes and now you a Liberal that talks trash about POTUS with Biden smiling behind you . Sorry but you let us down .
Congratulations. You are a true American my dear Senator John McCain
You deserve the Liberty Medal. You have the trust and love of Americans who recognize that you fight the good fight.
Thank You, Sir.
I’m a Democrat John don’t agree with you on a lot of stuff but I thank you for your service to this country I believe you’re an honest man
We gave been blessed by you John
Speaks for itself.
You are in our prayers Mr McCain. Forever a HERO
Your tweet to trump about adversaries is soooo right on
Congratulations. I wish you were the President. You have integrity
Congratulations! Now, can you do one more thing for America and impeach @realDonaldTrump? Thanks so much for your service...
This mom thanks you for your service and your humanity!
@SenJohnMcCain Sir, (ex)Maj Berg, USA, Infantry, here.  Thank you. Your dedication inspires me. Fight on Sir, we are with you.
John McCain is a traitor to the American people & should resign immediately. He deserves no medal #Resign
You are no longer fit to serve.  It is time for you to move on.  We need people that love this country, not fakes like you.
What about the families of the POWs and MIAs from Vietnem who's records you sealed. You sir are a traitor!
You say that, and yet you did nothing to stop Trump and his Russian friends from usurping our democracy. That is what history will remember.
You're the best of what being American means John! You gave a lot for our country & you're still doing it by fighting for the little people!
Thank you.
We are proud oh you Senator!
Everytime you talk, trump wins.
You pretty much are a Democrat now a days buddy! Great work!
You knew your job was to serve,not be served.If only others understood that. #nevertrump

Do the right thing for the people of #Kurdistan and break the #KurdistanBlockade
Oh please keep at it- woukd love to see what trump has in store for you! Dossier, Clinton foundation, Haiti, Russia
You are a disgrace. Go home. Can't wait until you are gone
You've served yourself. Time to go McCain
And sadly it is time to retire. U are doing damage to your country with your mouth & ego. Retire gracefully and take your #libertymedal
So now you are old.retire.
Have absolutely no respect for him. Retire now!!  Should have a year ago !!
Worthless senator. Jealous of trump. Has been. No one cares what he says. Traitor to all republicans 
https://twitter.com/TrueNevvs/status/920180451507044352 …
Thank you for your sacrifice. You are a great man.
.@SenJohnMcCain I am so proud to call you my senator. I am proud to be from AZ today. Thank you again for speaking the truth!
Yes you have for that we thank you, however it may be time for you retire don't seem to be thinking straight any more, Trump hate in the way
Well Sen McCain how does it feel to make 65000000 million people vomit at the sound of your name turn Democrat for God's sake u disgust me
God bless and hope you are well.
Thank you for your service and your humility and last but not least your dedication to to doing what is rt4UScitizens
You are our HERO Senator McCainthank you for your decency and for all you do for all Americans!
See, that’s what makes it all worthwhile, when you serve something other than yourself. Awesome !
Trump would not know anything about that. Bravo Zulu Senator McCain, USNA
30 years in office. Term Limits now
...while trump has been inspired by Nazis and Nazi sympathizers

No, you have spent your life being served. Time to move on
Thank you for all that you have done for the American people, especially this year. You have been a light in the darkness. Bless you!
...and God Bless you and your family. Debbie Nester
...my thoughts concerning my work I did as a student, pertaining to US National Security. I do believe it is pertinent. Thank you, Sir,...
...member, and again invited to join Golden Key Honor Society. I still have some of my work I did in class. I would like to share it and...
Trump can not possible fill this man's shoes...nor walk beside him...maybe he should learn by him
...US National Security, GPA above 3.0, 20 University Units US Intelligence Methodology, 4.0 GPA, Center of Academic Excellence (ACE)...
you're a lying career politician. Did I forget traitor?
I don’t always agree with him, but I respect him. He thinks for himself. Bless you John M
...4.0 GPA, 4.0 GPA Political Science, Magna Cum Laude, Psi Chi, Phi Kappa Phi, & Golden Key Honor Societies, 48 Master's Degree Units in...
Spiteful little man
Sir you are my Hero! I salute you! From a Combat Vet
...Distinguished Academic Achievement in Psychology, 3.94 GPA with a 4.0 GPA in Psychology, one class short of a Minor in Sociology,...
...He already self destructed. Just don't let him harm our Country any more. Debbie, Debra J. (Bonner) Nester, B.A. Psychology,...
Thank you for your service and for being a true Patriot! I’m a registered Dem & voted for you ‘cause I like your style! Keep giving em hell!
...receipt of the Liberty Medal. That I know you earned while a US Soldier in Vietnam. As for Trump: don't pay that fool no mind...
...can call to speak with you. Thank you, and thank you for your Honorable service to our Country, the USA, and Congratulations on your...
...the abuse against me and to help me stop the abusers of power. Our Nation's Security depends on it. Call me, leave a number and when I...
Sen McCain  thank you for continuous  loyalty, intelligent, and services  to this nation
...put it here. I'm sure you can get it, and I'm sure there are those within our Gov. who can give it to you. I request your help to stop...
...me, because you're the one who can have the courage and valor to do so. My phone number is well known within our Gov., so I needn't...
Sir, Thank you for caring so much for our Country..You are a hero,
...nothing without the action to back them up. You know that as well as I do or maybe even more so. Therefore, I request you act to help...
Make that a two bit player
Senator, congratulations and a heart felt thank you for your service to the nation.  You exemplify the very best the USA has and you are the gold standard for what all politicians should be and how the should act.
...and have harmed my Children & Grandchild and have threatened to murder them. You have no excuse, and Senator McCain, empty words mean...
You're more than a bit player. You're a major figure in history.  Congratulations!
