Go away mccain. Retire
don't trust anything you dream up..............
Hey just wondering when you decided to throw Jeff Flake under the bus and vote no on Healthcare and then blame Ducey, was that Maverick?
Perpetual War.  Sound strategy Senator No.
you should have said this years ago your so slow
You should be retiring, not, proposing ANYTHING! After all look what you did to OBAMACARE! You own it!
There is no absence of WH plan, McCain hates @realDonaldTrump .. that is the story. McCain wants to create the hell path for our @POTUS. sad
Songbird McCain needs to resign. His brain tumor is making him senile.

You lost in 2008! Do you really want to bring attention to yourself with all that white phosphorus being shipped? @csthetruth @truthleaks
I bet he's not recommending shooting from the hip as a national defense strategy.
John keep ya word as a man and help ya own party out u literally fuked over my kids and grandkids how about yours to just go against TRUMP
John get congress involved with North Korea
http://www.mintpressnews.com/lawmakers-support-stop-arming-terrorists-act/229197/ … a new strategy: stop selling arms to terrorists

I heard you're pissed at @POTUS, because when your wife interviewed for his "staff" he grabbed her by the ! #cuckhold #disgrace #shame
Who cares what McCain says, does or is? He just enjoys ruining people's lives?
RETIRE!!! You are obsolete! 
Go out with some dignity. 
Take a nice fishing trip. 
All the best Senator
Please talk to your colleagues 
Trump is about to get us killed
Why were you(US senate and Congress)quiet when millions of Congolese were killed? Shame on U @DNC @GOP @CNN @RFI @katyperry @KimKardashian
Please retire
This is never going to end. This country is policing the world without addressing the needs here at home.
Like @SenJohnMcCain wrote"his" Afghan plan; a think tank supported by the military  industial complex. AND OF COURSE
thank you for your continued service to this country even though I don't always agree with your policies

You get elected to do your job not to just sit hold a position and obstruct progress.  Think back to when you were a Navy pilot.
Now you come up with one, after you and the rest of the blowhards do nothing but flapp your lips.  That's why we elected MAKE AMERICA GREAT
Just retire and leave
More hot air
Do I want a brain cancer victim dictating foreign policy? Oh wait I seem to remember a referendum on that in 2008. No thanks! #MAGA #retire
Douchebag thinks he's president. Might need another operation. Try Obamacare this time.
Next will be plan for Iraq that will shock & awe everyone.
Blow their minds like a wmd.
Will it be better than syrian strategic planning
Your an AIRHEAD, Senator. Nobody cares what you think. You have a bad track record on making good decisions going back to the Naval Academy.
Good, work for the American people!
You don't know the White House plan because you are not PART OF THE WHITE HOUSE. You're the last person Trump would call in to discuss.
Where has your plan been for the last 16 years? Seditious little pompous man needs to stick the knife and give it a twist.
Just because, President Trump, has not broadcasted his strategies. That doesn't mean there is not one!! Repel Obamacare!!
Please worry about repealing Obamacare.
Get us the hell out of there!
Switch to Democrat,like you vote!!!!"
Why are you so arrogant you need to go and retire and leave
Guess what, your not Potus. The honorable President Trump is...your Soros New World order will fail.
CNN:  breaking news senator John McCain replacing General mad dog Mattis at department of defence, cause groundhog day McCain has a plan
How about you let the Generals make up the plan. I trust them more than you. Go pass some bills.
So sad he forgot he is not the President I had a uncle who had these same issues in his later years,  it's obvious he skipped his meds again
McCain is a bitter vengeful old man. Fake Hero. His actions made us look and we found a hotshot who killed 133 fellow seamen /w antics. Fake
McCain is not to be trusted. "Now let's see Donald MAGA" proves his willingness to put pride/hate before ppl. Is he letting hate guide him?
We rejected you as President +you are not going to run military policy from your Senate seat Commander in chief Pres Trump calls the shots
We honestly don't care what u think
Hey Johnny boy! Your not needed!
White House with a plan - that's hilarious!

Not likely, but still hilarious!
#WarMonger
People who voted for President Trump send no more money to republican Party. Until they work for The voters that put them there. Unite
32 years and NOW you come up with a worthless strategy. Shame on you. #WarMonger
John let’s face facts your ideas are old! You are old! You have no clue how to handle serious problems in today’s world! Retire… Retire
Because you have been known as a brilliant strategist in military affairs. Where have you been Joe DiMaggio
Tax reform, we want tax reform, then please retire
He doesn't know what the WH plan is! Screw him.
Can he plan a resignation strategy? McCain is not the patriot he once was when he served, he is a warmonger and a turncoat
Mccain you are weak and not as good as Trump. You couldn't beat obama when you had a chance. Trump beat Hillary with all his opposition.
Support our President Trump
MAGA

You should concentrate on repeal and replace obamacare!  You need to back Trump for Arizona.
A tactical strategy to a bill?  You are grandstanding and fighting the POTUS that we elected. You lost when you ran for Pres. Listen!
Wet Starting your plane?
- Afghanistan new plan - GET THE HELL OUT - why are u trying to pick Ax a mountain ?
There's a plan. With all military leaders.  Thanks anyway
seems like focusing on the crisis uR president is causing with North Korea might be the bigger issue this week. My son is 16 will he see 17?
If you have this great strategy where have you been for the past 16 years?
Why can't we get this guy to just go away, his foreign policy thinking is useless
BS!!!
Shut up @SenJohnMcCain sen you have zero credibility
Just stop we are not listening! Enjoy your stay at the Mayo Clinic while the American people suffer!! Mc Traitor!
The sad part is that he is going to oppose anything that Trump puts forward.  The people are sick and tired of typical Washington !!
News flash you are not president and will never be, get with the program or get lost
Best of luck with your health God bless
Senator you are all going to have rally and get things done cause that crazy bastard 45 in the house is a hot mess!
This is an awful idea
You go home. You're bad for the American people and Afghanistan already has enough trouble.
Hey John McCain! You lost to Obama!
Trump beat Clinton! You are not POTUS. 
LET TRUMP LEAD. STOP BLOCKING HIS /OUR AGENDA!
Someone has to think of a plan. Our soldiers that are in harms way 24-7. DJT is only a real estate guy. How did anyone think this would go?
He voted 4 Dem bills 32% of time, to keep Obamacare, hardly ever votes. voted 4 nafta & Obama bills. He loves the media camera. Showboater
Best Afghan strategy might have been to vote for Clinton and not the insane one you put your name behind.
Does he think he's the president?  Get behind the real one scum bag
Sorry bro your still not or will u be President! Just trying to find a way to tell out enemy our plans! And @POTUS is smarter than that!
Johnny Reb had a chance at potus and he failed. Now he is trying to act like he is... SMH
Wanna be President RINO- please go away.
#Afghanistan is an ideological issue. Sending more troops isn't going to fix a 16 year problem. It'll only cause more heartache for America.
How about this plan: Leave.
Should be taken off all committed and forced to retire
How do you know there isn't a plan.    So you really think Mattis doesn't have a plan.
The president wants his own war,16 yr exercise =no trump brand.Legalization of cannabis and opium kills cartels try this approach Seriously
You have become an embarrassment Sir. You think your POTUS. News flash... Your not!!!!
It's time for the US to standto and be the leader of the free world as the global community expects. Giving ground will keep holding us back
Irrespective of how "free world" sounds so cliche these days.
"No more Mr Nice Guy" - regardless of decades of failed policies from previous political, agency leaders.
Lost respect after you lied for 7 years and voted to keep obamacare.
Where is his military our troops support our President not a betrayer
@VP @POTUS king of swamp trying to undermine America
We also have an absence of tax cuts
Songbird,  your idea of a defence strategy is to sing like twenty.  Go away,  we don't want you. #Traitor
Tweety
That tumor is working perfectly! Do not treat!!  Happy STROKE day!!
Ron Johnson said McCain may not be able think right. He need to retire.
We also propose that you don't come back anymore
When you shot down Healthcare this is what you're promoting.
I guess large amounts of money will help you see past it
War Monger McCain should stop his nation building attitude
Go to He!!  Songbird,  we've had enough of your sorry a$$.
GOP wanted in repeal and replace and you said "F" them. So you think anybody paying attention to you. Guess again comrade.
Thank you for standing up for America.
Because if the White House did have a plan for it I'm sure it would be the best plan ever and we're going to love it
Mr. McCain. Please just stop. You aren't helping anything but your warmongering makes things worse. I trust the Generals and @POTUS
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain 

Now go take a walk!!
Fresh air kicks cancer's ass 
Hey have you talked to General Mattis? What about what he thinks as, you know, SECDEF and former CENTCOM commander and ground leader.

Woot woot
That must be the one situation this White House didn't have a plan for
Obama made that mess!  DON'T blame Trump... Obama built it


