Sorry, Senator.  Get a real news source to cover it.
Well said
Now the problem is this is causing the VA Dr.s to underprescibe to cancer patients like my husband. There be to be a balance.
He will be tested and when his numbers are not right he will be kicked to the curb, and the doc will have a new patient the next day so u c
Okay, but what about Jeff Sessions re-starting War On Drugs & targeting black people? How about rehab instead of jail for them too?
#medicalmarijuana
Right.  I was exposed to more acceptable drug and alcohol abuse in the military as a young soldier.  Always party time.
Just curious to your solution I agree with better management but the rehab is the devil in the details leading to street drugs when fails.
Step 1. Don't send a bunch of people to Syria to get screwed up and require painkillers.

Step 2. Legalize Marijuana for VA med treatment
I agree we need to drug test teachers, doctors nurses and most importantly police border patrol, lets start their. Any suggestions
I can't support legal opiods, but weed, definitely. Portugal did have success with the everything is legal method though.
How can we let alcoholics continue to drink in a bar, we have to stop them, it's like any other drug, and yet no one cares! Stop them
Mr McCain respectfully, not everyone has your tolerance level for pain.  Please do not go after the veterans, research it, see what happens
How about if your an adult u can with the advise of your doctor make your own Decision, stay out of the doctor office government, freedom
start by legalizing marijuana
Whoever legalizes marijuana will be a hero! Many people use it to stop opioids. Also good for ptsd.
great message, but please don't retweet Fox News. There are more credible news sources from which to draw.
So now you care about fellow soldiers? 
#SongBirdBeLike
Try breaking down the barriers for the VA to treat with marijuana that has yet to kill one person & can replace so many drugs used there
My son died as a result of suicidal ideation drugs legally prescribed.Im a nurse.i want to help fight this war on VA off label prescribing
Can't wait until someone gets to the bottom of GOP suddenly caring about people vis a vis opioids.  Is one of Koch grandkids having issues?
Check out ACUS and the military doctors using acupuncture on and off battlefield. Veterans should have access also.
On Fox? Maybe we can verify it by checking the Enquirer.
What happened to you John?
I take opioids for injuries in Iraq. Every year you make it a bigger hassle trying to refill. I went from refilling 4 time a year to 14.
Please stop our veterans from alcoholism, that is worse drug know to man, ask madd, the opioids pale in comparison to alcoholics get real
STOP SUPPORTING CORRUPT OFFICIALS!
PROSECUTE THE FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW! TOO MANY OFFICIALS CONNECTED2DRUGGERS& FAMILIES GIVING LIGHT SENTENCES&RETURNING2TOWNS2 TERRORIZE SR's
I BELIEVE THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY!
THE REAL PROBLEM IS WITH YOUTH ,DRUGGERS, ILLEGAL USE, AND FAILURES OF SMALL TOWN, COUNTY TO PROSECUTE
Go to your local bar at ten in the morning any day if the week and u will see your alcohol epidemic,88000 dead last year 20000 from opiods
Veterans with nerve damage from war wound, u want to take their pain meds to save money REALLY, that makes me sick, find money somewhere els
You might want to first stop their alcohol addition, 5 times worse than their pain meds, I know the gov pays for pain meds so let's be real
You have really got the snowflakes mad at you. Should have stuck with your base.
do it for all seniors as well. I a vet but don't use VA care
That's nothing new. This has been going on for a long, long time. Its a #'s game, get them in and get them out. Its become a revolving door.
Now, Sessions Going after WhiteOpioidAddictedCoalMiners who lost WhitePrivilege and Want2MakeMoMoney w/o new skills digging same coal
I'm confused on your tweet
'Must read Fox News' - doesn't exist.
Oxycodone isn't a party drug. If you mix with alcohol you will die. Keep them away from the kids that just wanna get high.
Important issue. Thanks for bringing it up. I'd like to know more, but first I'll have to search for a credible news source. #droporeilly
FOX NEWS? Really John. Fakest news on the planet.
Fox news = Fake news!!
Mma fighters can not use pot, because it aids in the healing process, but if u are a veteran who lives in Illinois and use pot, no meds bye
Hopefully this treatment won't be taken away from our civilian brothers and sisters under RyanCare @POTUS @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc
2B
Let cannabis and psychedelic therapies be among medical treatment options available and accessible to these patients.
I'd rather stop the wars...but that doesn't support the GOP big business agenda does it?
Funny the oxycontin makers are left out of the conversation. Start there.
We had a morphine addiction problem after WW2 & Korea , Alternative medication I think was the answer . I think it was opioid based .
Hey Senator -- you're the poster child for Term Limits.  RETIRE
What about among regular americans?..Docs hand them out like candy..People sell them ans get others addicted..oh i forgot your big pharma!!
Drs are NOT doing their job!  Writing a prescription to shit up a patient is following Hippocratic oath. #draintheswamp
How about he talks about his cut in cancer research
Since when did McCain become a doctor? He's still pissed that Trump called a spade  a spade !!!!!
Hey McCrap- are u actually working?- Do u know what that means? Do u know how to support @POTUS ? Do u know how to work with Congress GOP?
Legalizing medical marijuana would be a good start. An Rx for CBD oil is less risky than an Rx for OxyContin
Have to ask whether many people enter the armed forces due to lack of ability to make their way in the real world. Addiction not surprising.
This is horrible for those of us living in chronic pain. Fox news is a scam. #Collusion
Do t worry darla they will send u to a two month rehab where u can get off the pills, and your pain. They could care less know that,
The Exxon/Russia 500B oil deal.........Tillerson?  We're watching everything you do and say...and will hold you to it.
In Wisconsin Sen Baldwin failed to help. abused veterans!!
It's not about over prescribing, Senator, it is about inadequate pain management. Reagan-esque legal intervention is not the answer.
Is about over prescribing..Docs hand out like candy even to those that really dont need so they stay addicted and sell them..pharma profits!
SEN McCain - this is an easy fix - no one (exception of end stage cancer) gets more than 5 day Rx for an opioid. No other country needs them
If you were really concerned about vets with opioid addictions you would legalize cannabis TODAY.
Fox news is not real news #O'Reilly.  We know Trump cut support for our vets.
Please don't push Fox on the American people- it's a den of sexual molestors, harrassers, and predators. Get someone else to cover Vets!
We willing watch FOX, the other networks are "Really Fake"!!!
This is an "everyone" problem!!! Talk to the new nominee for FDA....Voting for him @senjohnMcCain????
Thanks anyway, Senator
I'll  wait until a real news agency reports on it
зомби
.@SenJohnMcCain "Must-read @FoxNews" is a contradiction in terms.
