#TRAITOR
Patriot
Douche Bag
Even if it hurts.
I believe you
Good for you
If @SenJohnMcCain thinks it is bad idea then it is more likely the best thing we could do
Surely we should trust our economy to you than to an economist US senator
Trump is definitely not smarter than our Generals nor our Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  You know about Trump University?
Everybody wants2go straight to Nixon an by pass the most patheticof presidents,Carter,Jimmy Carter.Invokin Nixon I guess sounds worse4Trump.
If anyone is wondering if Trump is a foreign agent, just look at the way he's dismantling our country and its world standing.
Looks like trumpsky is working for the Russians.
The sooner this brain dead bitter Senator leaves office the better. What a thorn he is proving to be in @realDonaldTrump's agenda.
I thought Superman could do everything he promised by himself without any help
#NAFTA requires Canada to sell oil to US. Most oil co's now owned by China. Tear up agreement and oil goes elsewhere
One of the worst blunders was signing it to begin with.
Canada has been America's best friend through good times and some really bad times and now we are under attack from #Trump, sad #uspoli
Wrong! Great Britain has been a better friend than you Kanucks!
Among the few times I agree with McCain!
How was some1 w/braincancer, immediately after surgery,while on chemotherapy& under the influence of narcotics legally make a deciding vote
On his worst day, McCain has better judgement than Trump has in his little finger. McCain is a patriot who loves his country.Trump is a con.
... but you hated him while Obama was in office - correct? Funny how that works.
No, of course not
Actually, you don't care about the US, McCain. You care about your ego and pocketbook. NAFTA is very anti-US and needs to be changed.
Well done.  Putin is very pleased with your tweets.
There's so many Douchebags here.
Please John,
Be the Hero America needs.
I doubt very much this is a blender. I think it is deliberate and designed to cause chaos and ruin to the United States.
Sorry Senator. The GOP you knew and love is dead. Replaced by fake Christians, traitors and corruption.
Nice try fascist stop project your aspirations on us.
Your the worst blunder in the United States Senate!
@realDonaldTrump is the worst blunder ever. Everything is evidence to prove it.
Hey John, what's one more blunder? You don't think his blundering days are over, do you? JUST WAIT.... THERE'S MORE TO COME
Trump I general is the worst blunder since Nixon.
Not to mention that America will not be trusted with trade deals in the future. That’s a bigger concern
WSJ? Silly little man a senator gets his facts from reporters,now that helps me to sleep at night. NOT, A reporter is SCHOOLING our senators
To the Globalist agenda, maybe, but Sovereignty of America, it is the best thing that can happen!! VIVA America and Trump! @realDonaldTrump
Comrade, you are doing very well for Russian interests.
Would be best thing that could happen.Ur forNew World order&we have a President4the first time cares about this country u jealous old fool
Comrade, you serve Putin very well. Lol
When I hear the name of @SenJohnMcCain, I ALWAYS think of Bowe Bergdahl?!!
You must get your information from Trump! How can you guys be so full of hate!
Think about what Putin would want most and that's what Trump does. Alienated Allies, weaken democracy, divisive positions, anti-nato, etc.
You betcha.  He wants the USSR back.
US still focused on the wrong trade analysis. Some facts here:
*  imports 2x more from  than  does. * 46% of  total deficit is w/ 
WRONG. it would hurt billion dollar corporations who support you, it would NOT hurt the American worker.
If McCains supports it end it, it must not be good for America only good for Soros
Yea well the end is very near
Senator - time to rally the Republicans and Democrats in a common goal that is best for the US. Impeach Trump.
Why are you not in the Democratic party ? or at least Independent. You sure as hell are not a capitalist ! Perhaps a global socialist!
UGH.... Trump has no idea what he's doing.. especially with money.. Have you noticed the economy lately? Retire please.Give us a break in AZ
Thank you for sharing. I hope @realDonaldTrump takes the time to read it.
NAFTA destroyed jobs in the USA - we have suffered - End it! Obamacare cost my son his job - we are still suffering - End it!
But not as bad as voting against #ACA
Listen 45  to this man, was a veteran And a hero.
Everything Trump has done is the worst blunder since Nixon John
By the way.  Welcome back John!
But it would make us more like Russia. Isn't that the goal here?
Yeah, since Nixon pardoned you
NAFTA was the worst blunder.  Hope trump can fix another swamp disaster.
This is exactly the reason why you we're not elected to be president of the United States. American people not that stupid..
Yeah....whatever. Did you know we can all read?
Surprise -- DaChump making yet another mistake.  FatDonnieDotard...clueless as well as dangerous.
Just quit office already, you old relic!
That's Bannon/Trump agenda!
economic is worldly fear do't fear that fear what happens Iran with her threat to the world even in USA,McCain
To all the #MAGAMorons, another decade of this isolationist trend and your economy will be limping. Ignorants. 
Can Congress stop any of his PR stunts? I pray for peace, World peace. I pray Congress will fix the National Health Care law and tax breaks.
Arizona is proud of you.
territoryogp

z

Johnny clinton, you know better than that.
Then the dummy in chief will do it.
And, since you finished at the absolute bottom of your class, you are probably a slow reader.
You seem to have lots of time for newspapers.  Lucky you.
You should be in jail for murder. Elitist, obstructionist, the hole the swamp is held in.
File impeachment papers please
Why don't you just join the democrat party already

You’re a traitor go away
Pleasing foreign countries is not his job
Well he WILL END it then because he is trying to DESTROY the U.S.A!
Well, then I'm sure he'll do it.
Please try to stop the madness.  PPL r tired of being scared, neglected, ignored. Get rid of DUMP, do it for our country please???
Wish our party had courage like you.
Bashing the guy that pardon you. Just evidence you are out for yourself and only you.!
Please support/draw up Articles of Impeachment against @realDonaldTrump ASAP. 

#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachPence
#25thAmendment
John, don't you think it's time to think about what's best for the country. Instead of what's best for your political agenda.
@realDonaldTrump What say you, orange man?
You created it, you fix it.
Didn't you lose? You act like you won.
Then please stop the idiot it just doesn’t have any idea to be a President “Bless his heart “
He has no idea how to be a President
How pathetic do you need to be?
You’re a pinhead. @realDonaldTrump  is pretty damn smart. I’m certain he’ll find a way to make it better for the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!
Needs to be renegotiated.
You are mindless the damage of NAFTA is everywhere
Then stop him
It's really hard to know what side John McCain is on. It's very likely McCain has been bought and paid for by outside forces. MAGAgoTrump!!
You Mr McCain are a spiteful vengeful and hateful man retire please
Lied to his votes wort lie since Nixon
#fakenews
HE IS MISOGYNIST, RACIST GARBAGE, ALSO, TELL YOUR PARTY: THE MORE HE INSULTS, THE MORE OF US TURN OUT IN 2018. THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE!
I'm a goddamn citizen of this country & I am a DEMOCRAT and I am, like MILLIONS, SICK & DAMN TIRED OF BEING INSULTED BY MY OWN "PRESIDENT."
Okay John McDemocrat!
Please go away let America be strong again.  Rhino obstructionist
NAFTA is one big trade deficit for us. $20T debt not enough for you? Obamacare is still costing us. Sure seesm u like debt. U seem to support US debt and budget deficit. STOP your pettiness--retire or take a stand for the amer ppl, not you own pitiful vendetta against POTUS.
No....since you were elected!!!
Senator, you are nothing more than a liberal Democrap in conservative clothing. Help the country, not your shredded ego. Quit crying.
Kurds need your urgent support, they are in danger of being attached by Iran millitants with American weapons given to them to fight ISIS.
McCain is as predictable as the sun rising in the morning. No one listens any more, except Sen Collins. A very sad way to go out!!
Who are you trying to kid Senator. You are one of the biggest blunders we’re facing. Please retire and let a real conservative do the job.

I thought the worst economic blunder was electing you John McCain!
McCain, please help us.  Please.
WRONG!!! YOU'RE the worst blunder since Nixon.
You are such a dumb ass McCain!! Have you visited Monterrey, Mexico lately!  You will see every company that has left the US there!
Why the hell aren't the @GOP @SenateGOP doing something about Trump?????
They are staying out of his way or they will get run over by actual progress!
he knows more about business than you!!! WTF have you done? biggest blunder, was all the people who voted for you in '08 for POTUS,PATHETIC
An excellent read/eye opener 300 state and local chambers of commerce implore w/ letter to potus "first 'do no harm' in Nafta Negotiations".
No it wouldn't. Your thinking is out dated.
That is his speciality.
How long will America accept the so called moron any longer dismantel an entire Union?
Sadly, I cannot afford to read the WSJ, Senator. Is there an open-source resource for low income, to get this info? If not, library time.
You are a disgrace
LOL.... @SenJohnMcCain just can't handle that he's not President
FU ! Sick of your crap!! Retire !
Please retire JoHn
!
Senator, @realDonaldTrump doesn't like being second. Please tell him what to do to surpass Nixon. MAGA.
I Salute also Congratulate you once again @SenJohnMcCain,  for being honored w/ the prestigious Annual Liberty Freedom Medal GOD REWARDS YOU
Just about everything Trump does is a disaster.
Why don’t you retire.   We will love you more
When are you going to do something about our insane president, sir?
bastard child by 1 of women having affairs while his devoted 1st wife was in the hospital recovering from horrible car crash.Same ethics
to you and your thoughts
In other words, it's a done deal.
Senator John McCain is the worst blunder since Nixon
Voting against repeal of Obamacare was the worst blunder in the last decade
How's your V.A. Oblama health care working?
Why is it that McCain was there when all of this horrible legislation was passed.  He was against it, and now he defends it.  HE MUST GO!
Are you still a Senator?
Your part of the deep state!
RINO
Trump is setting records, please Johnboy just stay out of it and let @POTUS do his job!!
NAFTA= exporting AMERICAN jobs, and treasure. Hope Trump hurts your feelings once again. RETIRE Brutus
Trump will take that as a challenge
Hmmm... you are so anti-Trump... there must be something big behind this... you're losing something... admit it John.
It’s time for you to shut up and quite the Senate. All you do is talk and oppose everything.
@HillaryClinton deleted Nixon's recordings! 
Obstruction, whining, negativism, swamp member.... resign now for the good of the country!
U.S. Auto industry went bankrupt under NAFTA.  Loss tens of thousands of jobs.  Govt bail saved industry and now tax payers stuck with bill.
McCain you are simply anti Trump.
Just go take a nap.
Nixon is Trump's hero. Nixon did a similar thing with NFL football to divert attention off of what was really going on in the country
You're the blunder
And How would John McCain know ?
So what is your plan to fix NAFTA and return quality jobs to working Americans, Senator?  Our President is fighting for Americans.  And you?
Not true your election was!!!!!
get real. it will mean less dangerous mexican trucks on our roads and business US coming back in droves. & LESS profit for people like U.
I trust Trump more than I do this TRAITOR!!!
it only helped Mexico and Canada not us.We all know how much you hate the http://president.You  have gone against him every time.
You all living on false projections.When trump factor takes hold it's going to crash hard & US standing alone cause you told rest of  FU
pls go away retire and stop obstructive behavior
There is nothing the POTUS has done to hurt America or its Citizens. It would be great if he could get some Support from Senators. "YOU"
Get together with your fellow republicans and do something!
The worse blunder was Nixon pardoning you
Can you just come out and say it's time to impeach this mofo now?
Little RINO Johnny go home! No one wants you! @realDonaldTrump @GOP will #MAGA without you & Little Bobby Corker @SenBobCorker
You REALLY need to just sit down, shut-up, and understand that you don't fool anyone with the (R) beside your name. Biggest traitor "hero" ever!
So take care of it! And make him leave our health care alone!
Let him burn everything to the ground. Give him enough rope to hang himself
This from Wall Street journal. Not some left wing rad paper. Problem is all ur buds @seanhannity & their lemmings only believe guy in WH
I render stockman and big banks wanted it then poof there went our jobs south. Don't BS me.
Dear Senator you have more sway than 45. Will you talk impeachment with your GOP House colleagues? He's killing Americans
When is anyone going to step forward and stop the madness Trump is causing.  I am stressed beyond stress
Me too
Please retweet corrected version thank you. liberals Have no substance to argue on so they have to correct your grammar and punctuation
What's with u john? Give reason for "nafta good". Otherwise keep ur nose out of it.
You're  the worst blunder in the United States Senate.

A liberal corrected my punctuation
No it means you and the other D.C. elite won't get your kickbacks!
Retirement
Songbird nobody cares what you think. Bannon and America is going to take your treasonist azz out!
They already hurt w end of TPP. He doesn't how economy works nor does he care. Need only look at clueless answers to questions on Iran deal.
Blunders are kind of his specialty
Listen to John McCain; he is a smart, shrewd, experienced legislator. Trump an amateur.
And yet the GOP keeps enabling the mad king. Time to dump the GOP. #dumpthegop #shameful #goplies
Agreed! Pay attention @NRSC
We don't listen to you anymore. No confidence!
Everything you say & do is poisoned by your anti-Trump agenda & hatred.
Will you please shorten your tweets Senator. Just say @realDonaldTrump is a failed leader without any followers, ok? Thanks.
Well, he’s already the worst President since Nixon. So..
If the Establishment thinks it's a bad move then it must be a great one. Surely a "maverick" like you can see this?
#RetireNOW #RecallMcCain
You do realize this man knows nothing about any of the things he's passing. You must take the lead in Congress. Do what is best for the US.
And so is his proposed tax reform!!!
#voteNO
He seems to take after Tricky Dick in many ways!
Senator, you really should start to broaden your reading list. You depend way too much on @WSJ for your information.
Please be quiet
Starting the pact was the worse economic blunder in history. Destroyed US manufacturing and jobs all for corporate profit. You supported it
