Thank you so much for standing with the protesters.
The individuals injured should initiate multimillion dollar lawsuits agaist these Turkish thugs.  Turkey has become a dictatorship and an ally in name only.
, you lost all credibility selling your soul to Rove and Bush in 08.  Our Country needs THIS John McCain back.  Do MORE!
Problem with McCain is he is all talk and no action.
Every single one of them should have been arrested
[Video] What really happened outside Turkey’s US Embassy? http://v.aa.com.tr/822227 
Violence doesn't solve violence.
Nice to say sen McCain, but what r u doing about it??
Party before Country as usual.
Neither @realDonaldTrump nor @StateDept will do anything. @POTUS  sees Erdogan as an authoritarian role model. What will YOU DO about it?
Police will not do their job & keep the protesters in designated area & refused to. Police allow these protesting thugs so consequences.
Are you going to pressure the @POTUS to do something? This is unacceptable. Trump hasn't said anything.
#CrazyMcCain should talk, he is a war monger and pimp for the Military Industrial Complex., he loves slaughtering civilians #CrazyOldMan
And you've done nothing about it John McCain except complain Why? Cuz @GOP has a despicable bully leader @realDonaldTrump
Stop the recent arms deal with Turkey! This is no #NATO member. Gov. controlled Turkishish press cheers on thuggish conduct. Speaks volumes.


Which also means #Erdogan is also a co-conspirator in the #Yazidi #Genocide. Charge him! @US_EUCOM @eu_eeas @STRUANSTEVENSON #UK #USA #Kurds
The guards are not in the US anymore, how is the US going to prosecute them? Ed##@W$ whatever, is not going give them up.
This is a walk on a park compared to what the National Guard does to protesters in Venezuela these days @nbcnews
Completely right!
and what are you gonna do about it? You guys waited so long, these guys are gone. WIMPY
Stop being a damn warmonger. Countries have laws and it's not your nod to change them.
And why did it occur here in  DC? because we have a Pres that welcomes & praises Dictators! what will any of the complicit spineless GOP do?
.@SenJohnMcCain All due respect Senator, you can end this by publicly denouncing Trump and his support for Erdogan. Sponsor impeachment pls!
what are you going to do about it? Oh that's right, nothing 
Yet you continue to support/enable the POTUS who invited this weed and his thugs here. Empty words, Senator.
This is the united states of America!
If by unacceptable you mean: totally not worth doing anything about it, you and I are gonna have to agree to disagree.
O justice, where art thou?
Federal Prosecuters Dropped Charges Against Most Turkish Officers in D.C. Clash
#EmpireoftheDeceit @RT_Erdogan's bodyguards has a history of attacks. His goons were told to attack on May 16. http://www.empireofthedeceit.com/dirty-game/organizing-vicious-attacks-using-his-bodyguards/vicious-attacks-using-his-bodyguards …
Donde esta the arrests?!?!
Removing #PKK from #US and #EU #Terror list would be a #HUGE smack across #Erdogan's face, just what he deserves. #Kurds #Yazidi #SDF #YPG
Imagine what they do inside Turkey!
Basic human rights are also unacceptable in Turkey, especially for ethnic minorities. Be proud of your shithole.
Yes French police can be thuggish. Of course major difference here is these were peaceful protesters breaking no law.
No. Some were engaging in arson.
In what way are the people setting buildings on fire "victims"?
Ok, so arson isn't an issue if the buildings aren't permanent. Makes sense.
Are you going to actually DO anything about it, Senator? Or will you just continue to be “deeply troubled”?
First things first: these Turkish thugs should be detained immediately for breaking US law on US soil.
But when radical liberal DemoRat gimmes loot, riot, burn and destroy American cities and universities you say NOTHING #LiberalLogic
I'm not into foreign powers assaulting U.S. citizens on U.S. soil #LiberalLogic
But you're into liberal DemoRats assaulting law-abiding citizens and looting, rioting and destroying public/private property #LiberalLogic
Nope. Not into that either. Let's not be divided. Together we'll stand or divided we'll fall. #AmericanLogic
Exactly... so liberal DemoRats should stop rioting and looting but they wont as they want America to be the Liberal States Of Socialism
T"his is clearly troubling" (still does nothing)
Rinse. Repeat.
You are correct but at least he has addressed the situation which the President has not.
Mouthing words on TV does nothing. He is in a position to do something about this.
When you have #Kurds on the #Terrorists list, you give #Terrorist #Erdogan the sword to carry out his crimes against them. #DelistPKK #SDF
So when is @realDonaldTrump @POTUS going to publicly condemn this act?
I'm gonna take a wild guess and say never.
C'mon D, @potus would not stand idly by while a foreign entity tried to bully & subjugate American citizens. Oh...wait.
@potus seems to cares more about dictators from foreign countries than Americans he's suppose to protect. Who would have thought? Oh wait...
But, that would be just CRAZY! Oh, wait. 
And unAmerican! It's SENILE almost! It's like @POTUS balls are the size of a pinhead!! Oh, wait...
 ooops, she did it again. Well I'm sure the strong, virile leaders @GOP won't stand for such unpatriotic conduct. Oh...wait.
No way! The @GOP is TOTALLY country before party! Oh.....wait 
Finally, this atrocity is hitting MSM and being addressed.
And you did NOTHING as usual.
But How Come No One Mentions That The Russian Trail Leads To Democratic Lobbyists via @forbes
The Turkish Guards sure knew how to quell an uprising in a hurry. Nice to see someone with balls take charge. McCain is all talk, no action!
SO START BY IMPEACHING TRUMP NOW WHO IS A TREASONIST ON ALL ACCOUNTS, STEP UP N MCCAIN N GOP N GET THE BULLY OUT OF WH #ILLEGITPOTUS
Send in @jockowillink and @TimKennedyMMA to protect US citizens the next time an islamofascist despot visits our capital.
Look!.a fake Republican morning show host,a home wrecker, and a RINO...........fake news at it's best.  If all three of them had a brain
they would be out in the street playing with it
All talk no action
Turkish Embassy is legally Turkisk Soil. Turks have a different perspective of organized mobs on Turkish soil. There were no arrests.
Thnx Sen. McCain. Please show those bandits your power!
Berkeley could stand to learn from them. So could you.
When you speak it is confusion. It probably stems from the traumatic cell experience in your attempt to be a soldier
On MSNBC where the news is all lies. You belong there
Ülkenin seçilmiş başkanına hakaret et. Sonra oaradakilere taş at,su at küfür et. Sonrada sana iki üç tokat atınca zorba olsun. Terörist pkk
Pls do more on this attack by the Turkish gov't against US citizens on US soil. Pls speak on the Senate floor urging Trump to close Embassy.
So why was this allowed to happen?   This happened in the USA, not Turkey. The President sets the tone... Where are you really, senator?
Do not let this go.
and what exactly do you plan to do about it?
Happened before! Turkish guards attacked Americans ON OUR SOIL! Arrest & charge, kick out ambassador. Have our own problems to fix w/o them!
It was probably Trump and his goons who suggested the attack.  We know the Republicans across the country are passing laws against
Retire rhino! Traitor
In America. But your party enables a president who wishes he could do the same and is headed that way.
True! And that is turkey!
Shame on you @serdarkilic9 #getoutthere
I concur!
Awesome!
They are a bunch of thugs. POTUS is associating himself with thugs. Trump advocates arresting journalists. Shameful. Protect 1A!
Thank you Sen McCain for being an American hero. You continue to suprise me. You may be the only Republican I actually like.
I hope I don't feel bad by thinking that they totally would have deserved it if one of the protestors had hand-to-hand combat experience1/2
And kicked some of their fucking asses. The reason thugs do shit like this is bc there are no consequences (and they have no morals). 2/2
...openly & firmly opposing those in your party who're trying to pass laws making it illegal for Americans to engage in peaceful protest!
It isn't enough for you to tweet your objections when those involved are foriegners! Prove your commitment to our Constitution by ...
Attacks are being made on people exercising their first amendment rights all over this country, complements of the Republican party.
This is despicable. They get away with this shit every time! 
Turkey doesn't respect our country and rules. We don't need their ambassador here to flaunt their brutality on protesters in a #PublicPark
you actually have the ability to do something about it so pls do it! Rs need to show they actually care about the country.
So now John do something don't just talk!!!!
I absolutely agree!!! Another video shows it was Erdogan himself that told them to do so!!!
Seems the only place he will show up these days is in the protection of MSNBC.  The Democrat headquarters!
Another Video to give you clear Picture of your "United State of America". Shame.
[Video] What really happened outside Turkey’s US Embassy? http://v.aa.com.tr/822227  
Bodyguards gets away with their violence through diplomatic Immunity that #Turkey doesn't respect for the #UN judge #Akay kept in hostage
The muders of our police officers by our own citizens was despicable! Where were you. Trump was right!
Nip this in the butt and VIOLA! Done! Yes!
What have you said about thug groups like Antifa, Blk. Lives Matter? Nothing!
Erdogan was a guest. If Trump's security did that in his country, they would be imprisoned
 He should not be allowed back.
I have great respect for you senator McCain, a true American hero and champion of freedom and democracy. Love you man!
as (a) your neighbour to the North, I agree, the Turkish ambassador should be tossed out of the USA.
yes it was really and painful moment
My congratudolences #UnitedStatesofAmerica. No matter how "absolutely unacceptable", in no time you've really gotten severly fucked up.
Arrest Antifa while you're at it then too
Peaceful??? PKK YPG OR PYD WHATEVER YOU CALL IT 
THEY ARE TERRORISTS WHO ARE KILLING BABIES TEACHERS LAWYERS WORKERS AND 18YEAROLD SOLDIERS
They should have been arrested on the spot & deported immediately out of the US & never able to return. All they got was a letter. OMG
Wow, our people gets attacked by Turkish guards on our soil & McCain sends them a letter. I bet that just shook them up. LOL
I agree! Thank you @SenJohnMcCain! what about other peaceful demonstrators in Dakota and others...
Between this guy and Assad,u know who's more democratic, yet u chose Assad as ur enemy. it will backfire, wake up b4 too late!
"Er-da-gin"  =/  Joe botched that one lol
John McCain, a liberals favorite republican! Thank you sir! No one in Washington even mentioned this...
throw  the  ambassador  out
Turks support isis
Reminded me of Hitler's brown shirts, our Fascist in Thief didn't say a word. Wait for kristalnacht 2.0
I am so tired of you registering your disgust and calling issues "concerning" and then not doing a damn thing about it. DO SOMETHING.
AND John McCain violated many laws as a member of the Keating 5. Victimizing thousands of Senior Citizens and costing the American tax payer
Totally agree with @SenJohnMcCain! This is not who we are as a country!
guards rush out of foreign embassy
& attack peaceful US citizens
few in USA notice
another symptom of terrorism driving whole nations crazy
Well, that's a damn good idea! I knew ya had it in ya.

Thanks for wringing your hands about this. @realDonaldTrump didn't have either the decency or the balls to do even that.
Good comment, John McCain
Why don't you divorce Republican Party & join forces with @BernieSanders & help lead Progressive Reforms
Yes, unacceptable. Something must be done about this brutal attack.
trump was taking notes
We need to nuke turkey 
Sad that this story died 5 minutes after cause of a President that is capturing all the attention like a Narcistical Child. #
Fuck youtube mccain oldeer pkk milatryyyy
I stand with @senjohnmccain
I wonder who gave the order.
Amerika’nın Sesi Özel: #Erdoğan #Washington'daki olayların bitmesini aracında bekledi http://ow.ly/h39430bQtEN  #amerikaninsesi 
Also, bodyguards already gone. Pathetic WH said nothing when DJT professes protection of 1st Amend. GOP sens sd little as well. Silence?
John, I think you better take a look at America first.  Our noses aren't so clean.
So please take some action. These thugs should not be allowed into the US. Quite frankly, neither should their leader.
Not surprising.  It's how Erdogan encourages them to behave in Ankara - which will resemble Tehran sooner or later.
And still crickets from @realdonaldtrump!
McCain you should retire your getting to old and senile. You should not be involved in politics being in your state of mind. Your a nut job
Good job, but where was he during #NODAPL assaults
You are absolutely right - they should be out! Horrendous!
Hassiktir la.
Folllowing you with admiration from Canada, Senator McCain.
what do you americans expect? you voted for a extreme right wing potus. soon your government will be treating your people like that.comrades
Thank you Senator! When people abuse there power no matter who they are on American Soil they need to pay
are you blind? .. You are terrorist
Orospu çocuğu McCain. Ulan ingilizce yazsam kesmeyecekti. Çevir anla.
Türkler kendi Cumhurbaşkanını

Korumak zorunda 

sizin işe yaramaz polisleriniz

pkk sevici holiganlara göz yumunca 
Bizde gerekeni yaptık?
Are you taking to these gays, is are people to make a conversetion?mister McCain?
There's a reason why they thought they could get away with it.
yep...Erdogan discovered that Republican chin music is no impediment
YOUR President will not rebuke this despicable display but keep pretending to feign dismay till he gets back & you kiss his ass again.
So what is the US gonna do about it? Arrest these thugs - Turk Scum
ABOUT THE SAME AS YOUR ATTACKS ON OUR PRESIDENT, RETIRE ASAP
You think? Well, your capitulations to the monster in the Oval Office make YOU as responsible as anyone. @potus is taking notes on this crap
تحية السيناتور جون ماكين على دفاعه عن مواطنيه ضد البلطجية وقطاع الطرق.
This is the first and probably the last time I will ever agree with you on anything besides torture.
but will you vote for impeachment if the evidence is ligit?
it was despicable.. can you ever recall any embassy doing this in our country before? I certainly can't.. horrific!
Explain to the people what have you done lately for the people ??
You need to retire
I have not hear you say anything about Berkley California University
Where do you live 
The way people vandalized and hurt people in California University's  it okey for you
#FakeNews A Turkish man brutally attacked by PKK-YPG supporters in Washington DC.
#ERDOGAN SAYS ATTACK!!!  https://www.facebook.com/ancagrassroots/videos/10154772564806859/ …
It's so nice that you've nonetheless been supporting NATO-ally Turkey all these years...
Oh my Lawd.  We have never ever seen such action, because American Police are nice to protesters.
If only we could get @SenJohnMcCain to get this angry about any one thing Trump has done.
This is what happens when YOUR President buddies up to dictators.#diplomaticimmunity#theywentbackhomeunpunished.
Talk is cheap, Senator. What are you going to do about it?
So what are you doing about it?!
This is despicable!  The Turkish ambassador should be removed immediately ... These are American citizens brutalized by Turk nationals!
Tell the president.
STOP ATTACKING MY PRESIDENT AND DO YOUR JOB AND THAT IS TO REPRESENT THE PEOPLE OF US. PASS LAWS TO PROTECT PEACEFUL PROTESTERS FROM ATTACK
Makes you wonder why Erdogan was invited to White House in the first place. Just sayin'
MCCANIN YOUR ALL TALK AND NO ACTION. NO PEACEFUL DEMONSTRATIONS IN US. LEFT WING LIBERALS ATTACK PEACEFUL PROTESTERS & POLICE DO NOTHING
McShame sticking up for the violent protesters. They tried to get in the car. That was a threat to a foreign leader. That wasn't "peaceful"
dt  has yet to act or speak against Turk bullies attacking OUR country's peaceful protesters! How can anyone respect this "man"?  SHAMEFUL!
You are big liar.
Indeed. Totally unacceptable.
I think you meant "massive attack".
White house remains silent.  http://gph.is/2dcRjiw 
I agree, however the same outcry should be made when American police instigate violence at peaceful protest.
Agreed @SenJohnMcCain! - this kind of thuggery suppprted by our current WH is unacceptable. Turkish president's guards beating Americans.
He doesn't even deserve the title of president, even less so than Trump.
KICK THEM OUT !!!

#TerroristTurkey
#ArrestErdogansBodyguards
There are moments when I really like @SenJohnMcCain #Turkishtghugsout
They did it because Erdogan knew Trump would do fuck all.
Trump move over: John 4 president!
Why hasn't trump said ANYTHING about this ?? Americans safety is his platform ffs
Thank you
Absolutely Sen McCain !!!!
THANK YOU John McCain.  How our government is staying silent.  These are US citizens being beaten by a dictators thugs!
Please do something about it.
DO SOMETHING ALREADY McCain.  You are all talk, yet always fall back in line after your 'outrage.'  No more outrage - only action
Someone told them to beat these people up?  You know who told them... The GOP!!!  You told them by not saying anything to trump!
But hey, lets invite him into the WH with open arms right?
