Well every man who enjoyed their stay in the Hanoi Hilton while you were there did not feel honored to know you #Traitor #Liar #DisgraceToAZ
Congratulations on your Wonderful Birthday US Navy! Thk You to all who have served-many in our family!
Hotdog grandstander!  Yep both politics and navy pilot. Hotdog grandstander!
my father served in WWII and his legacy and honor lives in each one of his 5 children 
Thank you for your service and sacrifice,@SenJohnMcCain; you are an inspiration.
The Navy sure as hell aren't honored that you were in and killed so many Americans. During your stint in the Hanoi Hilton
Welcome to Georgia
You are not a hero. The men that died in Nam (especially the ones YOUR #Traitor butt supplied the intel for), THEY are the heroes. You are 0

SEN. McCain, I sincerely hope that you are doing well with your treatments. Get well.
McCain should vacate the Senate until he is cleared by Donald Trump to return.
You have forgotten separation of powers. The president is not a king.
Glad you fought for the shipmates that died at the VA waiting in line under your watch.
My pappy was in the Navy . He fought in world war two
Dear John, I pray for you, and I hope that we will celebrate the victory over Putin when all sanctions are imposed.
If that was true why didn’t you get your tumor treated by the VA? Did you not like your service?
I wish our President would tweet positive statements (like you) celebrating our country rather than tearing it apart.
That is your stupid opinion.
Im just proud of you Sir. Thank you for never giving up in your battles and ours. Thank you to all of the brave people that serve.
OMG HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHIPMATES hope your heads don't hurt too badly this morning.
That's my platoon when we were on the USS Mesa Verde in 2011
Terrific! I love our Navy and thank you for your service Senator McCain! My father, an uncle, & 2 cousins served in Vietnam.
Look you give when you're wondering if you remembered to remove all your autographed pictures of you with @HarveyWeinstein & @HillaryClinton
The list of persons and companies for the sanction is ready.

Too bad you squandered that legacy to become a dour old Trump hater who could care less about his country.
When you were in Hanoi prison why did the Vietnamese call you "little bird"? Was it because you gave up American information freely?
So stop Russia from jamming our signals, attacking our ships and our democracy! #ImpeachTrump
Thank you for your service!
Thank you GO NAVY
Traitor of the military and country!
You should be a shame. SongBird
John McCain is no war hero wish old fart would go away he is definitely not a conservative has done everything he could to undermine POTUS
Go far away John McCain
McCain gran Patriota de EEUU , muchos como Usted
Thank you for your service.
You're just saying that because you have never been Court Marshalled by the Navy for your traitorous actions in Hanoi Hilton.
#songbird
They are sacrificing now, and saving lives off the coast of Puerto Rico. #USNavy
Senator, thank you for your lifetime of service to our great nation. Godspeed.
Sir, thank you for you and your family's service in our #USNavy! #242NavyBday
I thank you too
YOU have done the Navy+our Country proud. Right now you are the BEST thing in Washington. BOTH parties-ANY position. Thanks for your service
So proud of our son. He's on the USS Lake Erie in the Gulf right now.
Somewhere, you know how that goes
Happy Birthday& BZ Senator from a Jarhead supporter in PNW. As we talked about years ago, both fans of Scoop Jackson
An officer. A gentleman. A statesman. A maverick. Thank you for every form of service you've given your country.
Sad to say you were part of it, a failure as pilot, CO and Sen, and Cadets thing so.
Are they not still pissed about that Carrier you burnt down
Thanks!!! But vote against Obama care... please
Thank you for your long service to our country, sir.
You are one of my heroes.  From the widow of a Vietnam Vet, thank you for your service. All of it.
Born to be traitor:
Happy Birthday #Traitor

--From All of Us #USSLiberty 
Unfortunately, they're not proud of you & how you've turned your back on America to satisfy your ego & personal agenda
My dad was proud as well! He looked like a movie star. 4 years I. Pacific in Pacific WWII and recalled for subs in Korea.
Nice. What a hero.
This was his grad school: http://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/USN/ships/dafs/CL/cl63-history.html …
When he was gravely ill, he was tormented by Tarawa and the poor Marines.
Thank you for your service.
I SO HONOR YOU AND NAVY. DAUGHTER OF USA NAVY. 
If I may, it would be a privilege for me if I could thank you and your family for service to our nation across generations.
Thinking of you Senator
Get on board McCain. It’s apparent you’re a RINO. Country before politics.
Yes Happy Birthday Navy.
#HOOYAH!
Woah he was so good looking  back in the day

Remember to look both ways when you cross shipping lanes.
#PersianGulf
hope you are doing well. praying for your recovery. however, please get the 25th amendment going we are in peril.
Thank you for your service Senator!
Thank you for your service.
Is that baby picture taken at Coco Solo in the Canal Zone? Paradise lost
Happy Birthday To the Greatest Vessel Military in the World. Thank you Senator McCain you R a true American Hero.God Bless u Sir 
Happy birthday! @USNavy now I got the song "In The Navy" by The Village People in my head. LOL
Please swallow your pride and act like an adult do something  good for the country
Go Navy!!! Please stay well... every day I'm more terrified but your presence keeps hope alive. Literally terrified.
God bless you John.
too bad you've sold your soul & lost your honor
Happy Birthday ! Thank yougor your service.
Too bad the country can’t be proud of you McCain
Too bad you got some some of them killed.
They serve, not work only, those boys need to learn more about God, history and future, let them hear me, I am their Bible halis yılmaz
Thank you for everything you do senator McCain. I will you a long healthy life. Please do t leave us
I'm sure they are proud of you since you killed 136 of your shipmates.
Thank you Sen. McCain, keep up the good fight. We need you!
IMPEACH THIS AS*HOLE
I follow-up you @SenJohnMcCain by giving Salute to The U.S. Navy, on The 242nd Anniversary Date,  GOD BLESS AMERICA☻
Thank you for your service then. Please serve your country now by supporting #25thAmendment
Thank you!
Three generations of excellence; service; and duty. Never voted for @SenJohnMcCain but would give my life for him.
Yes and your remarkable Family who served and continue to serve, thank You John
Thank you Sir for your service in our US Navy & your dedication still in protecting our Country (from Trump). We need You & WeYou! 
And your daughter is a great addition on The View!!
Why are your records sealed?
You embody the pride of the Navy, sir, and are a beacon of what Americans should strive to be in these trying times.
Traitor McCain.
God bless our service men and women.
The guys on the USS Forrestal are happy that you remembered them jerk
You are the best of this country offers.much love and praying for your wellbeing
Thank you Mr. John McCain! Happy birthday to US NAVY! Thank u for your service & ALL you do for our great country John! GOD BLESS you!
Thank you Sir!  You are a brave soul!
Thank you for your distinguished service to our country Senator McCain.  Happy birthday @USNavy
Happy Birthday USN.  Proud Navy Family:  Captain Leary gives the oath of office to Ensign Leary! #GoNavy, #FlyNavy !!!
Except veterans you let die in VA in AZ.  What about them their families

Thank you for your service! #navystrong#navymom
Glad I could serve in this awesome branch of OUR service
On this sentiment Senator, we can find common and hallowed ground to stand in agreement. Happy 242nd Birthday, US Navy!
Trump is he'll bent on wrecking ACA. Congress must act to save healthcare for millions. If not, human health and Republicans suffer.
Happy Birthday ! Being a proud Super Vet u are A shining Star !
Thank you for your service. True heroes.
Mcain u are best person. I want to meet u next year for lobby day and oppose trump budget. It has veteran care cuts. Just letting u too.
Help us. Do something about Trump please!
Trader
A great day to impeach!!!

More so now that we have no commander and chief.
Very grateful for your & your family's service to our nation. Diff in political views cannot obscure. Hope US soon gets back to "reg order."
Happy birthday and Go Navy!
@SenJohnMcCain - THE STAIN in the Senate
Ok, good.  Can we now address the 30 million that will be w/out Insurance next year and the deadly disasters in PR , USVI and CA Senator?
Thank you for your heroic service to our country- Navy and in the Senate...You, Sir, are a true Maverick.
Outstanding go navy
Happy B-Day to the USN... from a former jarhead. ;)
Awhh, is he holding Meghan? How beautiful!
Thank you for your service.
We used to be proud of you Sir! We respect your military service but spit on your Senate service in RECENT YEARS! #herotoZERO @POTUS neededU
Thanks for you service
My father was a Canadian in the American Navy on a British boat, HMS Puncher, aircraft carrier WW 2 
Happy birthday Thanks for your service
Thank you for being a good Navy family.
Sen.McCain I may be on the other side of the aisle from you but you are a hero to me. I lost friends in Nam. Just wanted to let u know that.
Thank you for your service Capt. McCain.
Happy Birthday, US NAVY... and to all those who have served, past and present, Be Proud, for you are heroes!  #242 Years
Time to resign, if you can't support our President who's talking for WE THE PEOPLE, then RESIGN! Step down NOW!
No Veteran supports you. Go away traitor
Thank you for your service. @SenJohnMcCain
Thanks your disastrous unpatriotic service.  Now go away.
Thank You for your service Sir 
Thanks you for your part of their history, Senator.
And yet you want less money for our military. #johnmccainfailed
Hang in there John, you’re needed more than ever!!
Vote to reduce taxes on all Americans! Else, explain why it doesn't help all Americans! Wishing health to you but maybe time to retire Sir?
Happy Birthday to one of our Hero’s.  Enjoy the day.
Thank you senator, for serving our country. My father was navy. Proud to be a part of that family
Retire.
We are a proud Navy family as well and we are proud of you!
Thank you to all the brave sailors! My Dad was in the @USNavy in WW2.
And die in vain for your ego and misguidance!
HB
The Gop killing born children. Take healthcare from 9 mil kids. How are GOP Christians? WTH is wrong w/them 2 save unborn just 2 kill them
#votemccainout
Keep well, Senator.
Happy Birthday 
Rooting for you!  
Proud of you, sir. You are how I like my heroes.
