Hey John - you are a traitor too by not condemning Trump & continuing to support him. SHAME ON YOU.
Hey super woman,  I like your PIC misty the time. Please don't EVER call @SenJohnMcCain hits traitor
I'm sorry but he has the authority to do something about Trump. Don't be mad at me - be mad at the man supporting the traitor.
"Traitor".. Where's your proof? Why don't you tell us why Barack Obama allowed a "traitor" to get elected if he knew Trump was a "traitor"?
That's not fair either,  it is un-American to want current prez to do what the #trumps did and illegally influence an election
Not fair? Obama had the power of President during that time?! Tell me how they interfered. Quantify it. I voted for him ON A PAPER BALLOT.
Graham and McCain are and they are as party loyal as you get
They are in your eyes because you fashion yourself a member of something called the #Resistance, right? Party loyalty means nothing to me.
BOMBSHELL : Russian Lawyer Who Met Don Jr. Was OPENLY ANTI-TRUMP, Ally of McCain
"She posted pictures of the protest. That means she was at them. Nevermind that she was calling the protestors filth"
Where's the link? She posted pictures of protesters, vagina slogans, bare breasted women, etc. because she thought they were filth. Uh huh..

She appears to dislike some leftist causes. Does that now give her credibility? Trump Jr. screwed up talking to her. Should've vetted her.
Natalia: "Liberalism is a mental disorder"

"Some" is an understatement
Furthermore all of what you listed she was against. But oh well.
I don't do Facebook. I take your "word" that these are accurate translations. DJT jr. screwed up, no doubt. Traitorous acts or treason? NO.
Go get emoji Senator.
'Emoji
And what are your goals in acting like a KGB thug, Johnny-boy? http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4114716/Extraordinary-details-ordinary-citizen-John-McCain-actually-dispatched-trusted-aide-Atlantic-dirty-dossier-ex-spy.html … You're never going to be President, midget. ROTFLMAO!
This is the bottom line for McCain. The game has passed him by. He believes everything he reads, and he has no reasoning or logic anymore.
Johnnie the dwarf might read, but I doubt his senile brain is good for anything other than phone pinochle
IS MONTENEGRO GOING TO BE THE NEXT " HUNGARY "?
OR 
UKRAINE?
McCain is a  RINO should declare for the Democrat. He says he is a conservative which we all know is a lie. But did you know about Hillary?
Russia is also against all you GLOBALIST NWO NUT JOBS!!!!!!! WHERE was all the CONCERN about OBAMA interfering in the Israeli election?????
Russia has nothing to do with this John.   Once again telling half truths.   Jones has interviewed people from this country. Don't want it
This must be the first time a Republican has expressed concern about something with "negro" in its title!
 was the Republican Party that was behind pushing civil rights forward.
This isn't the Republican party of yore, son. These @GOP are racist, voter-suppressing, gerrymandering, Russia-loving whores.
And the proof you have of this is what? I mean, your pitiful profile is one of no life and you expect you to have any credibility?
This rino is involved with fake Russian news against trump
Get trump to talk to Montenegro  tell trump he are at NATO great buffet in Paris and he strongly recommends it.
Did you get this intel by sending an aid over to get a dossier?
I think you should worry more about Russian goals in the US, Senator..
Senator, thank you for leadership in keeping the public's eye on what country seeks the demise of the EU, NATO, and the US. #russia
Hey, Senator! Nice to see you tending to business.
All I hear here is truth & peace for humanity, maybe you should become one.
All true. Then do something and not vote yes for anything Trump until we have an answer in collusion
Nobody gives two purple shits in a beehive about what Russia's designs on Montenegro are. You should be concerned about their designs on us.
Your goal than is to undermine President Trump. Retire please, you are embarrassing yourself.  It's time, really
So what will you do about this dilemma?
Absolutely & too few Americans know of Russian plot to assassinate PM in Montenegro.
Go back to AZ bum!!
I love that you called Putin a Tyrant!
U. Make. Me. Sick.
Simply one of the most wonderful countries in Europe! #BayOfKotar
YOU AND GOP GOALS ALSO CLEAR.  Screw over 99% of your citizens to help the rich elite.  Traitors
Russia is fighting a new Cold War & ignoring this won't make them stop.
Time for the West to sanction, deter & contain Russian revanchism.
Go look for some more fake dossiers you dope

This is deeply disturbing to me. I am very troubled.
Stand up to the T. Stop being an enabler.
What are Russia’s goals for the U.S. now that they have taken over the WH? #impeachtrumpnow
Step up and hold the Trump administration accountable for their dealings with Russia. Don't let this become the new normal.
Paranoia...
-Read carefully:
Usa is no eu-member... Russia is IN Europe. 
And your companies in Ireland gotto leave..or we will end EU..
Russian expert says Dossier used by Comey & Brennan written by KGB Comey knew it was FAKE used it get ILLEGALLY GET FISA  McCan delivered it
Juan, why don't you JUST MAKE IT OFFICIAL-MOVE OVER 2 THE DEMOCRAT SIDE. U act like them, vote with them, defend them & their progressiveism
John McCain a RINO yesterday, a RINO today and a RINO tomorrow!
We give a shit about you and your energy sources. You hadn't better touch us and take care of your own country!
So let's say nothing when Trump literally shoves the Prime Minister of Montenegro aside at a summit.
Stand up 4 our President! U r a traitor, who is paying u? AZ vote him out or kick him out
Any relevance that DJT was incredibly rude to the incoming leader of Montenegro at NATO?????
shame on you!  I was  a big supporter when you ran 4 president but wht u have done w Trump is disgusting!
And u will do what?
Why did you go out of your way to get a fake dossier on President Trump? You should answer questions from a Senate panel.
It's time to investigate John McCain.
You are a curse for this country, a man with no decency or integrity. Unethical old man, you should be ashamed to be alive...Please go
You are going down.

How r u today, Songbird?  I'm just peachy as we're one day closer to #LockingYOUUP!  #ObamaDavisToo #HillaryToo #ChelseaHubbleToo #RyanToo
HEY FUCKERHEAD traitor, resign your position and go back to snowflake where you need to retire.  You have no business being a senator.
And you will sit back and let it happen because you are #partyovercountry #TraitorTrump #GOPTraitors
Forrestal, tailhook, Keating 5, 894/899.
I love you.. but you are now amongst the Cowards in Washington. . You are too weak to get rid of # DumpTrump
And what r Russia's goals in the US? Try concentrating on America 1st
No One Cares!  Do your job in USA!
ppl better wake up. Ignorance is a choice
Be the leader, show backbone, go after the president for being soft on Russia!
But will you stand by if DT vetos sanctions ???
How about looking into your own front yard and trying to prevent Nicaragua from falling once again into the Russian/Cuban/Venezuela orbit ?
What about Russia's goal and accomplishments here through President Trump?
If the Daily Mail story is true, you violated Senate Code of Ethics & should resign.

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4114716/Extraordinary-details-ordinary-citizen-John-McCain-actually-dispatched-trusted-aide-Atlantic-dirty-dossier-ex-spy.html …

https://www.ethics.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/files/serve?File_id=efa7bf74-4a50-46a5-bb6f-b8d26b9755bf …
Take the pension #DeepState controlled John. How did the phony dossier work out for you?

Why did you meet with Russian ambassador Juan Maybe we need a Special Counsel to investigate your Russian ties! What was discussed Juan
I wish you gave as much interest in what Trump is allowing Russia to do to the US.  Your silence is DEAFENING!
This is just insulting while the @gop just sits on their hands. Maybe tell ryan to quit screwing with sanction bill by cutting Dems out

Russian Lawyer Who Met Don Jr. Was OPENLY ANTI-TRUMP, Ally of Mccain
It is coming out that you are a real dirtbag on Drudge.  A real Trump hater. You need to resign, leave, go away McCain. RINO.
Traitor! Funding ISIS terrorists, taking $$$$ from Soros, subversion of US president, and many more acts of treason! Gitmo is waiting for U!
Somebody forgot to send mccain the memo that comrade Trump is now taking direction from Moscow
Sen McCain your attempting to subvert the will of the people. YOUR willingness to run this country into the ground. Looking more like lib.
Very proud @SenJohnMcCain This is what our #America is made of!
Too bad you supported Trump and not Clinton, allowing Hillary emails to be a concern and not paying attention to Russian influences.
The stop helping excuse and prop up a president who is essentially a puppet of Putin and vocally support a #TrumpRussia investigation!!!
Putin's puppet, huh? What sanctions have been lifted? What President is working to lower the cost of FUEL? Who's bolstering the US military?
If only there was an independent and equal branch of government to help with this...
And yet, John will continue voting the party line because that's what cults do!
From the comments here, I get the feeling people hate You cause you are Republican.  There are many good people on both sides. Thank you Sir
Yet you allow the current admin to exist...all of them Russian spies. Approving current nom for FBI completes the coup. DT will fire Mueller
You do realize you #1 oath is to American Constitution. Do your JOB!  Russia has control of the White House. Or do they control you too?
 Trump can't dump without permission from Vlad.
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
Sounds like GOP goals to take health care away from Americans but we can afford billions for a wall because a traitor wants it!
You're a disgrace to our Party, leave!
WHAT WAS YOUR GOAL WHEN YOU ASKED RUSSIA FOR CAMPAIGN MONEY??
Shouldn't you be impeaching right now?
We need to do something about these power grabs from Russia. I don't think our current President wants to accomplish this though.
Thanks for the info-maybe comrade POTUS needs the education here. He owns u at this point anyway. Tired of ur schizophrenic pronouncements
On to other subjects......
Resign NOW Hanoi John.  Stand behind our President or get the hell out of the way!

He's inflicted with O.D.D. (DSM-5). He needs to go, Arizona, it's your turn to shine , get him out!
Perhaps someone in the GOP-led Congress should be investigating Russia's intent on ending democracy in the U.S., Sen. McCain.
That's exactly what we are doing, Terry.  Hold on
This is great, but what are you doing about the Russian efforts to manipulate the election here?

Montenegro? Maybe. But why not spend your energy on Russia's subversion of U.S. process and installation of its designated dupe here?
And the President, your party, is fine with that. You can't just maneuver behind the scenes. The times call for bold statesmen
He is a Coward now..
We need TERM LIMITS NOW! Dinosaurs don't belong in the senate.
why are we worried about Montenegro and not the USA.. so shameful...
Montenegro is actually important. Plus: humans. But yes - we need to get our own nation in order.  We can and must do both.
What do we get?  Hard to see how Montenegro can defend itself let alone help us unless its some token amount to wars with dirt people.
Senator, your link no be workin
