Thank you all for your prayers and well wishes. I hope to be home sipping a cosmo in a few days. https://twitter.com/dolefoundation/status/911226700813492224 …
Thank you Mr. McCain.
Be sure to take your zinc/magnesium suppliments to help you heal. We're not getting any younger. Best wishes.
JohnMclie
Wishing you the best Bob, keep always in Prayer
You are a False American Hero! We elected Republicans to repeal Obamacare. It is Socialist like your PAVN Captors. Have you no shame?
McCain, an establishment RINO and he voted for Hillary...pretty sick guy, glad his days are numbered we can get a non-pussy in there.
Thank you Senator McCain for putting Americans lives before partisanship. #McCain #AmericanHero
Ohh yeeees, THANK YOU, Traito...I mean, Senator McCain, for putting you petty revenge against POTUS above the well being of Americans. POS
McCain fighting for your healthcare& for your drug rehabilitation. You know when your opiod addiction takes its toll. You'd be more grateful
Step down and let someone else take your place! You are not becoming of a Republican!
For a Republican you are a very decent man. Standing up for ppls right to a fundamental need of healthcare whilst you fight your own battle
Unlike POTUS, Senator John McCain, an authentic American hero, knows a real hero when he sees one.
"Sen. John McCain says he cannot support Graham-Cassidy Obamacare repeal bill"  Thank you!
Thank GOD, I can sleep tonight, for the 1st time in a week!
You are a hero again. Thank you for your thoughtfulness and reasonableness.
McCain is not a hero.
millions of Americans will no longer have the chance to recover from treatment at all, if Graham-Cassidy passes.
That's all they ever want that's Republicans flip the bill for all Democrats on welfare medical I can't wait for this prick to die
You are an awesome person @SenJohnMcCain
You carry your anger towards Trump and who does it affect we the people you American Hero is false, your record sealed but easily obtained
LEADING THE FIGHT TO STOP OBAMACARE? LYIN'MCCAIN
Bob Dole NEVER would have sold his constituents,his state,his governor, or HIS COUNTRY down the tubes.He was a man of his word.No vendettas!
Bob Dole was and is a true great politician and statesman. Too bad there are none like him left. We are left with corrupt people like you.
Good man.
GREAT MAN..A REAL HERO... despite  WHAT the man in the White House who thinks it's a dump has said!
Bob Dole, another looser fake Republican that could not even beat a DemocRAT for President.
Bob Dole would have voted for Graham-Cassidy.
Praying for both of you
Thank you Mr. McCain for standing alongside us, hard working, middle class Americans! Bless u for your lifetime of service!
Dear Senator McCain,
You owe it to your millions of supporters around the USA who backed you for the Presidency.  You are letting us down...
...re: Obamacare repeal.   Stop spiting President Trump and think about us out here who backed and volunteered in your campaigns.
You have been grassroots Republicans' Knight in Shining Armour.  Now it's your turn to give back to your voters and supporters around USA.

#Swampthing
Thank God he has the Senate Cadillac health plan..
Cheers to you both 
Speedy recovery  Sir.
Speedy Recover Senator Dole.
I am older also and twice cancer survivor.  Make your days count with leadership for a good Graham attempt at HC that you can vote yes on.
You are a hero
Sen Dole have a letter from you when Chair of RNC 1971 God bless you and Sen McGovern!  Danny SD CC Candidate D2
Thanks for helping the dems grow up and get over what trump said please
I long for the days when the GOP had more upstanding men like the two of you.
Cosmos...he will be fine
Sorry that I got so mad at your friend Sen Graham. I fight for my life too & may God bless you and keep you both.Desperate to keep my ACA.
You're a traitor, I've been waiting 8 years to afford healthcare because I work.
My husband has CIDP and needs expensive IV treatments every month, and BCBSGA is dropping out. We will have to start over.
I'm sure he'll have a speedy recovery since he doesn't have to use crappy Obamacare. Good for him.
Something I actually agree with this #RINO about.  Sen. Dole IS a true American Hero.  https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
Who's very disappointed in you.
You, Senator, are a Traitor to the United States of America. Reprehensible and corrupt RINO.
And bless you also Senator McCain, as you are always thinking of others.
Remove him from office, he is not fit to serve our country!
All of us did not have to be screwed over by Obamacare to cover a few people this is about control and we don't want you controlling it
Senator McCain u r a disgraceful little man because u can't get over being made fun of by trump and now u hold us hostage under ACA


DOLE IS A REAL HERO...you, not so much.
A hero, unlike you
Senator McCain, thank you so much for standing for people without voice, you will always be my hero, I wish you a quick recovery.
My prayers R with U & your family. As someone with what could be terminal/I can't tell U how much better I can sleep tonight thanks 2 U SIR!
I'm sure he's ashamed of you for saving Obamacare. #tarnishedhistory
I don't think he wants to hear from you anymore
You suck.
I have always been a registered
Get well soon best wishes and God bless you
LIAR! You only wish and do NOT pray to the God of David, Abraham and Isaac. Your god is the dark prince. Matthew 4:10
Thank God neither of you are on ObamaCare
Wishing a recovery for Sen. Doyle too but also surprised he likes Cosmos?! Deep down I always knew he was a Carrie...
John, retire and spend quality time with your friend now.
John McCain is a liar
As someone battling esophageal cancer I wish you a very speedy recovery

Screw Sen. McCain.
#McCainTheShitStain is a liar and a coward vote him out! #repealobamacare
Both of you are heroes. Sen McCain - today you shine bright. #thanks #norepeal
Establishment Hillary voter and hater/Jealous of Trump...we know what you are. RINO/Establishment/Hillary lover.
You are welcome! But we still have no healthcare for our family. You do though. God is watching.
Hopefully he's not covered by Ocare
STEP DOWN TRAITOR!!!!
Preying for your happy death
"Patriotism is the last refuge for scoundrels" John McCain is an Arizona voter backstabbing scoundrel
Resign
Dole isn't your "dear friend" and you know it.
Senator Dole would not be a obstructionist like you. Stop.
Well done @SenJohnMcCain thank u for ur bravery & standing up in face of bullying. We need 1st world healthcare 4 all. #healthisnotSocialism
Wishing a speedy exit from the senate for a false American hero - that'd be you.
How about you stop sucking up to schumer.
Get well soon.
Mr. McCain, thank you as well. I just love You! I will also send healing wishes to both you & Senator Dole. You are both America's Hero's!
@POTUS Notice Senator Dole walked away after defeat....you should as well.  We can't help the fact you were a loser candidate, but you can.
You make me sick!! LIAR LIAR  #RepealAndReplace
Wishes and prayers for recovery and healing to Sen Dole.. peace and comfort to Mrs. Elizabeth
Please retire now you are no longer wanted or needed!
And thank you for your No on #GrahamCassidy !
I am a two-tour veteran of Vietnam and am embarrassed that my name would be mentioned with McCain's in the same breath. You are a traitor.
Good thing he has quality health care, right?
Praying for you everyday!
If he's your friend he doesn't know you.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, you truly are an American hero. History will remember your courage.
Retire
Thank you both for your service to our democracy. We need you for decency , moral values and search for truth.
Two great Americans!!!!! Get well soon Senator Dole.....
Dole your friend is a TRAITOR TO AMERICAN'S WHO GETS HIS HEALTH CARE FOR FREE! DISGUSTING
Personally I seldom agreed politically with Senator Dole but I always respected him and would listen to his opinion.
Me, too
Mr. Dole drinks cosmos!?
You are a true man of the people!   Thank you for voting no
I don't always agree your politics, but I have the highest regard and respect for both of you. Hope you both feel better soon.

I liked Grumpy Bob,He was a Moderate.
You're the true American hero! A true Maverick who is truly for the people, not the party. Thank you John McCain.
Thank God he doesn't have Obamacare. Like you stuck the rest of us with.
Commie McCain
Hard to believe you actually have a friend left
thank you. you are a real american. fellow navy
Wishing something else for you tho!
At least Bob Dole was a loyal GOP. You,sir, are not.
Lymphoma testing. 62 yrs. old. Please help get these grown ups to work in a bipartisan way. 9 yrs. of doing nothing together has to end.
If you vote no on The Graham Cassidy bill, you will go down in history as a war hero, & a hero to Americans who need healthcare as well!
You're a liar and traitor. You said if your Governor supported Graham-Cassidy then you were for it but once again you lied.
@SenatorDole though I disagreed with you at times my respect for you is complete. You are a man of honor. #CosmoOnMe!
WaPo reports you plan to vote "no." Thank you, John.
Sen. 2 wish you the best. If this passes I'm gone. I've had 6 spine & need 7th C2-C7, 2 cysts on cord, hav AS, Fibro, Hep-C & now Non Hogkin
They now have a new fybro treatment . Infusion into all u nerve endings. No more pain. Need treatment about every 12 weeks
Please vote no on Graham, Cassity. It is bad for Americans.
As a person, I wish you the best. As a politician, you are one of the most selfish, self-aggrandizing hacks I've ever seen in US politics.
Thanks for standing up to regular order. Nothing good will ever get accomplished unless regular order is restored!
Your Hatred for Our President- is blinding you to the fact Americans need the New Health Plan. But then again, You ONLY Care About Yourself!
I am literally in tears you have spared our lives. Thank you sir!!!!!
me too!
So am I now if you only have the balls to repeal and get the government out of our pockets and lives and let medical co-ops start up
Looks like cancer has gone to this old mans (who has lived off the tax payer most of his like) brain
Please oppose the Cassidy DeathCare bill.  Millions of Americans are counting on you to do the right thing.
Thank you Senator McCain you saved my life.
Thank u @SenJohnMcCain from all of our children to u
Get well Mr Dole.  Mr McCain, please, please, please vote NO on hc bill!!!!
Oooooooooh baby! What lib media attention you'll get for this!!!!......meanwhile, we'll just keep suffering under Obamacare..
Sir, just quit before you face God! Please just leave with dignity!
Damm hurry up!
You have apparently been sipping too many over the yrs.  Retire, you are destroying this country.
If the reports are true that u will vote NO on GrahamCassidy I would like to say thank you for literally saving lives!
you are a cockroach Songbird @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you  John Mccain ...You r a true hero...
You've been a hero for us your whole life & standing up against bad healthcare bills is one of your greatest. Thanks for your courage. 

Thank you for not voting for the horrible #GrahamCassidy bill
If you and your loser family were saddled with Obama care you would vote to repeal and replace.
Way to stay strong and oppose #GrahamCassidy.  What a great legacy.  We support you!
DEAR SENATOR MCCAIN,

PLEASE RESIGN. YOU ARE THE MALIGNANT BRAIN CANCER OF THE SENATE.

REGARDS,

AMERICA
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain a speedy recovery too
Thank you Mr. mccain for coming out against the horrific health care bill. You are one of the few republicans who has honor.
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain. You are a true patriot.
SIREN: McCain to oppose Graham-Cassidy bill, likely dooming GOP chance to repeal Obamacare.
“I cannot in good conscience vote for" it.
Another good man and honorable veteran who worked across the aisle with Democrats for the good of our country. God bless you both. #veterans
Worked Across the Aisle??  McCain IS a Socialist/ Communist!  He's always voted for the Dems!!!
Cosmo tho? 
