Assad is another Putin worshipper. We can't let this happen here.
@johnabooth @WSJ ref to Russia/Putin relationship with POTUS and election manipulation. Remove POTUS, senator.
Let's send the 9th Circuit over there. Sure they can handle the problem. 894/899
So when are you and the @GOP going to grow a spine and deal with @realDonaldTrump so this can be addressed?
Please don't flip on Devos. All what you're hearing is media and Democrat lies and rhetoric.
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ #russianhacking and #MinistryOfTruth indicate that this is all fake news. So please just move on.
you really need to look up what fake news is. Be educated on facts not fiction. need to be great again =smart
Teachers must be trained & qualified. The Sec of Ed should be too. DeVos is unqualified. US kids need better. #NoOnDevos
Still trying to get Assad out huh? #ISIS isn't doing so well, all that money & training, you wasted your time on huh? @WSJ
You get sucked into propaganda very easily senator.  Please focus on getting the cabinet confirmed
too bad Women Senators are the only ones brave enough to stand up for Education. One of the imp rep platforms
could you please try and support our president rather than fighting him every step of the way.
you are not an American patriot if you think we should blindly follow anybody. We DO NOT have a KING
please NO DEVOS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WSJ Result of Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
WHAT DID YOU THINK WAS GOING TO HAPPEN?!? 
P.S. "Russia Claims Victory" - the headline the morning after Aleppo
.don't have the time. unlike you i have to work for a living! #LYING #GOPSCUM
Syria has been a disaster. The world let them down.
and our administration wants to work w/Russia on this????!!!! Alarming.
we know, brutal but  world is a mess! Europe wanted refugees for. Economy and did nothing to stop Assad! Their/our fault
Thank you, Senator. Now PLEASE vote NO on DeVos. Signed, your voter from 85345 zip. We are watching.
please don't ruin our children today. Be the hero you are
still concerned about everything but the VA in your state while you let people DIE!
Senator McCain, please continue to keep our nation great and not let others tell @realDonaldTrump russia is just as good
Why don't you say what is true? That Putin supported Assad?
Please vote no on Betsy DeVos. Our children deserve better!!!
stand up and be a statesman show u REALLY care vote NO on incompetent unqualified DEVOS be the unique American we believe u r
WAKE UP! @POTUS is going to back Assad because Putin does. He'll say it's to help stop ISIS.
#VoteNoDevos
VOTE AGAINST HIS APPOINTEES John McCain, particularly Sessions. You can be partisan or you can be ethical, but not both.
Be careful. Nobody believes anything any more.
Senator McCain. I've agreed with you, and disagreed. But rarely does anyone get the chance to be this kind of badass.
vote no on DeVos. Moms will remember
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ oh poor @cia thugs... #Syria is capturing them?
we all knew this. Instead we attacked Obama.
Our nation turns its WEARY eyes to you. VOTE NO ON DEVOS
add this as another reason to stop Trump and vote NO today on #noDevos  #AZ
I like people who didn't vote yes on Devos. 
They're 'playing'  war cat and mouse at the expense of the hard worker. It shows some people never worked in their lives
And yet you will rubber stamp the Trump Administration as he supports Putin and Assad. Will you take action one day?
let's worry about saving our schools first. Vote no on DeVos
all backed by Putin and Trump.
this is horrible, but handle disastrous #DeVos problem first. Our education system needs you
Nos to DeVos
who has the power to call for the immediate release of Aleppo, Abdulhadi Kamel? I might know if I went to public school!
GOD ever be with you Sen. John McCain, Your Truly Blessed as well that I've READ this is your (Mother's) 105th Birthday
we don't want DeVos  anywhere near our special needs children. Please do the right thing and vote no
please vote no for DeVos. Our children, teachers, parents and the education department deserves better.
just left you a message. At least your line was available. Most senators are not available to us. Obstruction
need to deport the illegals instead everyone trying to protect them. U took oath of office . To Protect and serve us
such a bullshit, thank u senator for supporting free Syrian army heroes.
thank you sir for reading real journalism. Now please do the right thing and vote against DeVos today.
block Devos !
@POTUS Greencard holders mysteriously registered 2 vote w/out their knowledge-will they kicked out?Look into this please
Our republican president is in bed with Putin. What are the republicans who lead Congress going to do about it? Sad!
vote no on DeVos. Trump already dislikes you. You know it's the right thing to. Integrity. Remember Jeffords, he had it!
& yet POTUS would approve the show of strength by Assad & ally Putin.
Agree!
But DeVos plagiarized her answers.She didn't know what the Special Disabilities Act was.She wants guns in schools. 
Vote No on DeVos.
meanwhile the two rebel groups are fighting each other
Please vote no today on DeVos. Please put our children before party.
yes. Stop going along with the appointments of unqualified cabinet & lack of integrity GOP #ANTIAMERICA
