【Remember！】，
mainly two methods

1.give great，even huge pressure!

2.Control people's soul

John McCain — The Insane Traitor Who Masquerades as an American Hero - Freedom Outpost http://freedomoutpost.com/john-mccain-the-insane-traitor-who-masquerades-as-an-american-hero/ …
Wow!  What a POS McCain is !
So how does this benefit Russia? That's the real question.
Get over yourself! Your are not commander & chief!
and be defended by the free world
By bombing its neighbors-quite the defensive organization.
We've all seen you loving on members of ISIS Senator. EXPLAIN YOURSELF. WE DEMAND IT!
Nothing like now having a NATO member run by a dictator of an immensely Pro-Russian populace whose days are numbered. Win for Russia!
Some more war mongering tweets yah for humanity how about some more propaganda to send thousands of soldiers to die in Syria
When did you talk him out of doing away with NATO??
Trump Reince jimmy fallon

Event of united airline is false, made by hongzhi li's super power
aim is to ugly Figure of USA, you are cheated!
Wonder when defending the free world became taking out regimes in the Middle East without so much as any congressional approval?
Any plans to carve out separate states ruled by ISIS and Al-Qaida, then include them in NATO?
Montenegro nella Nato? LOL!!! e  a cosa serve il minuscolo staterello? Siete solo dei criminali a piede libero:ancora per quanto? Spero poco
Maybe they can now help us launch our missiles? A...hole!
Trump needs to go NOW
Donald Trump is issuing an order that will call for rethinking of the government structure https://bloom.bg/2p52Vfq  
This time:

Hongzhi li made the false Event, and cheated the society give huge 
pressure to united airline, and conquer the CEO
Evidence 3

what is the significant methods
of Hongzhi Li  when he want to achieve His goal.
http://www.chicksontheright.com/sen-john-mccain-trump-administration-partially-blame-chemical-attack-syria/ … So why dont you tell us how Trump is responsible for failed policies of Barack & yourself, you imp.
Congratulations to Montenegro for getting through the NATO application process and being accepted into NATO!
Soon it can join the encirclement of Russia to poke the bear and incite an imminent response....  McCain the Warmonger wants WWIII
Queen would be stoked with that as well she may live to 100 then
I am sure you would support 150,000 us troops to be sent to Syria lots of cannon fodder for you war mongers to make some money
Why not just look up his position?
McCain is calling for the destruction of Assad's airfields & creation of a safe zone for civilians.
I can 99% guarantee we will see those returns before his term ends and we will have your record showing that you were against it
Nearly 75% of the United States wants to see trumps tax returns. Stop holding us back! It's going to. Blow back on you when we get it
If you continue to block the wall just pack your bags we are tired of RHINO's
You know Russia false Syria flag is about Ukraine right? Hey here's Assad, swapsies #ukraine You know that right? Right? Right?
Wait, I thought Trump was against NATO expansion and said it was a bad deal for USA?
Yes. More help for GOOD, always is a GOOD thing.
TRUMP'S TAXES NOW.
LEAVE THE BALKANS YANKEES - CLEAN YOUR RADIOACTIVE GARBAGE  BEFORE YOU LEAVE ! IN 1914, 1941 SERBIA WON ! YOU WILL LOOSE TOO !
Pity your President Trump consistently criticises.NATO and withholds suport
Look at Montenegro's geographical location and you would understand why this move is so important... the intersection of Europe.
Lucky the way you are obliterating America Tax$$$ for losing war slaughtering US will rely on little Montenegro soon
Thank God!!! The world's super powers are flocking to stand behind our all powerful and mercifully fearless leader. All knell to his glory.
With population of 620,000, Montenegro buys lots of protection for 2% of GDP. Who joins NATO next, senator? Mesa?
Fine news but what about the blurred policy regarding Putin's sights on Ukraine sovereignty??
That's great. Now ISIS is scared. Montenegro will crush them!
Trumps self-serving rein must end before putin kills more babies to end the Russian investigation
He doesn't even know where it is.
Promising being imminent for the #NATO; #Montenego Sen.John McCaiin
Sir North Korea just threatened US with nuke attack if provoked , this is scary
Trump is under Inves. for Treason and you're willing to let him start WWIII to distract. What the hell is GOP doing???
ANYTHING that gratifies you sickens me. How did you fool AZ again?
I want my two dollars (percent)
Who cares you bailed on the people
Who will defend free world from NATO?
make a base bigger than Bondsteel!!!
Very nice!! Let's make a BIG huge NATO base down there as soon as possible! Putin must be butthurt.
Wow how exciting.... RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
Yes.  So glad Man-I-Don't-Trust will have more support doing Probably-The-Worst-Possible-Thing.
So what all got up in Rand Paul's little cornhole about it then?
isn't that NATO's job? to help defend the free world?
That means NATO then must defend that country.  Members now are not carrying their weight.
Anyone quiz the dickhead-in-chief if he even knew WHERE #Montenegro was?
Your out of touch.
