We MUST take care of our Veterans! The VA should provide accounting to ensure previous money went only to Veterans Choice Capaign.#Veterans
Hello
"They're not war heroes," Trump said mockingly. "They're war hero bc they served USA. I like people who dodge draft pretending foot spores."
"Song Bird" McCain wasn't a hero to his fellow POW's
Give the Veterans ur Obama Care subsidy for being a small business that will help them more
The VA is the PERFECT example of how socialized medicine would work in America...BADLY
Sing us a pretty tune "Song Bird".
God you just won't shut up.  Believe it or not we/they can do without you.  Obstructing again
Yes I do, the US govt should be instilling those Values so we don't lose our focus out in the battle field. Especially to the new recruits
if so, I have a question. How do we as blacks wanna fight 4 a nation,that continue 2 murder us, and it be found just? My sons R, 21 and 19
1) Approach ur community leaders with these grievances, 2) Share with religious leaders, 3) Share with law enforcement. 4) Publicize minutes
if whites don't have to do all these things to be treated fair, why should we? Again why should BLACKS fight 4 a nation that oppess them?
If you fight in your house, that doesn't mean you don't defend your house when thugs come to your house to steal.
sir, meaning no disrespect. How is this our house when we were brought here by force. We are foreigners here,still being murdered n enslaved
Their bloodlines hv overcome so much. True story, you are the sons & daughters of actual wealthy Kingdoms that were betrayed by Africans
You are right, but the so called Africans that betrayed us were Muslims(Ishmaelites). We are the real Israelites of the Bible,
Stop paying for Trump's extravaganzas!  The Veterans have earned via service.  Trump has never served anyone but himself!
Your ignorant to the facts, Trump has done more for vets in,8 mo. than McCain's done in his entire career, he only talks, no with no action
Does Trump have scars from torture over his body?  Nope.  Can Trump lift his arms over his head? Yes-he golfs! McCain is an AMERICAN HERO!
Aggressive arrogant & SOBs make the most effective fighter pilots. Ask his POW fellows if he's a hero or not. He's still serving & a HERO!
He's a supremely selfish donkey.
Could you just run all things Vet?
If @SenJohnMcCain was running the #VA, it would be in ship shape! I have zero doubt about that! #FundVeteransChoice
God bless you, Senator. You have blessed our country.
I wonder if asking Tom Price and Scott Pruitt to cut back on their travel could help you find a few hundred thousand?
Not to mention the Secretary himself!
Focused funding & working w/ developers that are ready for Veteran Communities of excellence is a great choice for Vets & the program, John
Old "Song Bird" McCain?    
That right McCain let me tell you something 4 count them 4 failed administrations have failed our homeless veterans I'm one of them
God bless you, Glenn. Thank you for your service to our country, which has failed it's service & promises to you. Sorry the VA is so bad!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain!
GOD BLESS OUR VETS AND THE http://MILITARY.YOU  GUYS ARE THE MEANING OF WHAT MAKES AMERICA GREAT. TRUE PATRIOTS.
We must support our vets in anyway.they are our  real life HEROES and TRUE PATRIOTS of the greatest NATION on the planet.
Johnboy NO! No please don’t do anything, you’ve done enough damage to Veterans, please just don’t do anything, seriously sir, just No!
We must take care of our veterans. They need to be a priority.
You FAILED to Repeal Obamacare! That was the biggest shortfall, hot air for eight years! Arizonans can't afford too waste Vote's anymore.
Like you give a shit John. You let the people of Arizona down siding with DEMS betraying ur President #shameonyou
It would serve them to provide Caregiver Stipend to ALL 100%. Not just young vets w (?) PTSD. 
WE ARE THEIR HEALTHCARE
Can you say REPEAL AND REPLACE ?
Please step down John, you're part of the problem. You no longer are thinking clearly.
Opposing tax cuts for the Walton family (i.e., Trump's proposed elimination of the estate tax) is a good place to start.
@SenJohnMcCain
How about some passion and commitment to help children affected with Pediatric Brain Cancer! We NEED YOU and your leadership to spearhead it
Thank you Mr. McCain  you are a honorable man. May God bless you and keep you safe. 
We love you
This is from the Austin family.
Question. When blacks struggle, the media said pull self up by booth string. Does it apply to whites.@cnnbrk @NYCMayor @RepMaxineWaters
Congrats on Meghan getting The View gig

Thank you Senator. Now Americans will have the same crappy healthcare as the VA.
... and how you doing on affordable health care?  Understand your hospital doesn't accept Obama care, good thing Congress is  excluded
These distractions are racially related, greed for power n preference of religion in the US. Russia has been playing this game for decades
I believe distractions and long term strategic mind games from Russia has given North Koreans, Iran and terrorist groups room to progress.
Sending letters for illegal alien foreign so called children average age 35 is what is this guys priority...fakewarhero karmacancer
Do you think tax payers money grows on trees John why not sell your house to help
He only wants your money to fund his pet projects.  Soros is his buddy
I'm to the left sir. But I'm glad men like you are here for Americans. You are a hero sir.. thank you for your service. Godspeed to you
Spend time with the family.
Good on ya.
Impaired  McCain isn't fit to drive a car or operate machinery yet he's allowed to legislate, in what planet does that make any sense?
It's the planet that elected a reality TV star as President.
#FANNIEGATE
Thank you
the veterans hospital system has done more good than big pharma. 90% Veterans grateful. Keep VA well funded
Thanks for hanging in with us John we're rooting for you too!
Sen. McCain, exactly when was the last time you used a V.A. hospital? Oh that's right, Congress has its own plan above us peasents!
Johnny thinks he is superior.
You are setting the record straight.
THIS disrespects those who fought for our freedom.  We must take care of our veterans, not just our flag!
U Rock Sir!
When you need money you have no shame. Why don't you support your  party traitor?
My prayers are with you and your family much love. God bless you@sen John McCain
Sir, I am praying for you. Sending you love. We need you now more than ever
How's it feel being a Soros puppet?
Sent tweet to @SenJohnMcCain urging you to stop blocking @POTUS agenda...
Get lost loser
Retire obstructionist
Thank you!
you rock @SenJohnMcCain
You're senile, Retire!!!!
Did you use the va? If you did you would be dead traitor!

How home, traitor
You aren't racists at all.
Repeal and replace Obamacare and maybe you get more money for your pet projects!!!    You are lucky you get better care than most Americans
You're on a suicide mission with your political career
BLM + NFL = Anti-US flag
DJT doesn't care about vets. Only use them as props for his sickening campaign to divide America. @realDonaldTrump
Oh please.. must you always sound like a winer ?
Try also supporting repeal and replace health care
What's it matter you'd give it a  anyway!!
While you receive the best healthcare $ can buy & vets wait 3-6 months for substandard care.  Hypocrite.
Cain I praise you for standing for what's right. I have gained a higher respect for you as a man and human
Get over your ego McCain and start thinking of the American people.
Why haven't you sent a letter to @SenateMajLdr  and @RNC addressing the Senate shortfall of a Democrat within Repub lines, A Resignation
Why don't U just retire already! UR a pompous Ass ApissAnt bitter little man! You've shown that you're useless, so just go home!YourPathetic
Thank you Senator McCain. We vets need your leadership!
Stop thinking bipartisanship is going to fix health care and vote to start change
He's getting off on screwing the President.  He doesn't give a damn about the People.
Why don’t you just resign. You lied to your votes!
Thank you.
Wonder if he really did this. We can't believe anything he says
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Thank you. Living in rural Colorado, I am a beneficiary of the Veterans Choice program.
Yes VETERANS CHOICE Program must be funded will enhance the lives of our Heroes pls Sec Shulkin our Vets are counting on you and VC Program
I truly can't stand u & am disgusted I voted for u. U stand for Vets & no1 else. My monthly HC cost more than my mortgage! U failed!
Sadly you will die a bitter hateful untrustworthy old man...so sad after what you went through
Everything is not about funding .. there is a lot of waste and money just lost . Look at the va changes need to be made !!!
AZ is Ground Zero for Vets Healthcare Abuses. McC wnts us 2 think he alwaz cared abt our Vets. He fooled many Vets hu believd him.
Charcoal John please do us all a favor and just go away retire let somebody else take over please. Turncoat
Thank you for all you do!
Guessing you a democrat
Ppl r dying in PR while donations sit in ports not allowed to leave. How can U sleep at nighy? GOP has control! #helppuertoriconow
PR government + FEMA = $$$$÷0 EXTEND MARTIAL LAW, helicopter air drop water,supplies, use P R. NG now!
Yet another government over reach.
Thank u! Just drove an hour 2 VA hosp 4 stress echo. B4 went thru Choice 2 local provider. Test not done @ VA, dont have equip. Now what?
How about addressing Obamacare since you think nobody else can @SenJohnMcCain
Thumbs down on all things McCain
One Vote Johnie sending love letters now. AZ people r waiting for ur resignation letter. Step down best move 4 U.
So now you are worried about veterans? Geez dude, retire already.
stop complaining and get it done, is it your job to appropriate $
We were Federal Police Officers and veterans who was fired.

The Washington Navy Yard shooting was not an accident.

http://notanaccident.org 
Hey songbird the north Vietnamese should have kept you in the Hanoi Hilton your a disgrace and a traitor you sung like a bird JFK 2 SDD
#SongBird #Traitor #Coward #KeatingFive #NixonPardon #TermLimits #RINO #RECALL
Why not just stay out of it? POTUS will take care of VETS, Obama sure didn't. Where were you then?
Very easy. Strip the NFL of our taxpayers money.
As you can see John no one trusts you or respects you.  Just retire and ho home.  LIAR.
why don't u retire gracefully ? you will be remember as a traitor not a war hero
I’m sure vets are more worried about funding for needed programs than whose taking a knee at football games. Where are the patriots now?
30 years lol  wasted .
We'll all be better off when you're replaced.
"...yet another" #Cancer make you Care??
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain for being a true leader.
Sorry Marie. You have been brainwashed by Libs & th fake news media.
Do your research.
Thank you Senator!
If it wasn’t for Veterans Choice, my husband would not have been able to have his facial basal cell carcinoma treated in time. We need this!
Thank you for standing up for America's veterans
If you had any smarts you would have attached Veterans funding to Graham Cassidy
All McC did was sit back & wait until he could Vote No, again!! Sacrificed AmerPpl bc of his uncontrollable deep hatred for Trump.
Piss off McCain!
If you would do your job and stop the illegals from entering and #DACA we would have money for our AMERICAN veterans.
You are truly one of the greatest Americans that has ever lived. You are an inspiration to all. We are praying for you. God Bless you, sir
Pile of manure, sure you won't vote no
Dear Senator McCain please switch partys...... Trump will soil himself, thank you
How will anyone know the difference?
Thank you!
Vote for repeal add replace later. Fix things even better for our veterans. You know Trump is with you on this. Give it to him. OCare done
Do you live under big ears health care???  If it is good for us. Why do you not live under the same plan!!
Put some effort into fixing the healthcare #Repeal&replace
Unfortunately they don't care about the men and women that sacrificed so much, in their efforts to keep America safe.
Trump does not care.
And the last administration let the VA get in that condition and yet you blame The President. McShame here didn't help out either.
First he identified the Jews for them.
Chuck Schumer just used you for a short lived gain while destroying your once honorable reputation and you fell for it. Sad.
Isn't this how the system works?  Brinksmanship?  VA bureaucracy is Albatross necklace around Vets.
Thank you Sir.
Time for you to resign and work on getting healthy.
Definitely take care of the veterans. Imagine if Pat Tillman were still alive rather than used as propaganda & killed by USA under Bush W!
Like Pres Nixon used to be a proponent of universal healthcare system for all, Senator McCain became one of the greatest thinkers & patriots
john when your dead the truth will come out and your kids will have to feel the shame you should feel now
If you didn't push tax cuts for the rich you would not have a so-called funding shortfall Senator.
John, your a traider ....
Strange 30+ years and nothing accomplished. Too much regular order and not enough T.P. Just RETIRE Brutus.
Youre on fire Senator
Great, now what about Obamacare?
Go away traitor
U are such a disappointment
Amazing there's money for trump's wall and football games but an issue everytime we need funding for our services.
I love you Mr McCain but take those rose colored glasses off  and help us middle class. Obamacare is killing the self employed! #MAGA
Agree but don't love McCain!
Retire
You destroyed American health care
TRAITOR.
Yeah whatever! I'm sure he's jumping all over your letter after you proved to be a liar. No one needs you. You're just a wasted seat now.
We have got to take care of our Veterans. @SecShulkin
Thank you for your continued advocacy for our veterans.
McCain hasn't  done anything for the veterans except talk,  the real hero is President Trump who has done more in 8 months for the vets
What has he done?  I guess fake news has not covered it.
Guesd you've been sleeping for the past 8 months, tell us what McCain has achieved with all his talk on Sunday
