Your days are numbered. You better get your heart right with our Heavenly Father. Start working for America instead of being a traitor.
He has proven that he is trying to make America better by his vote.  Hate to tell you but everyone's days are numbered.
You don't what you're talking about.
Maybe you should do your homework. McCain was charged with treason.
Maybe you should do yours.  That is a total lie and only an uneducated, unpatriotic person would repeat it.
Why don't you do something constructive for our country instead of thinking about yourself.
Please change to Dem
Watch it AZ , your Sen McCain is an embarrassment to the Rep party.  I am sure he has been paid off and is part of the Deep State

PUSSY BOT
#snake
Damn shame you lived through it
Is this your resignation party
Did you encourage them to support the President John
ANOTHER FREELOADER AT THE HEAD OF THE DINNER TABLE OUR GREAT HERO SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN WHO GAVE US 8 YRS OF OBAMA. HE IS A TRAITOR & A LIAR.

WOW! WATCH GEN MCINERNEY Drop Shocking “Songbird” Nickname On Senator John McCain [Video] http://ow.ly/pEt1100L7dg  @3lectric5heep
Bob prater
This I can get behind. Environmental restoration coupled with smart economic development is how all development in AZ should proceed.
Is "lunch meeting" the same as "DNC" fundraiser? #liberal
Obama care is good enough for us but not you. you have a luxurious medical program. Why Isn't congress on Obamacare w/o the 70% extra ?
There a lot of people having Trumpet Tantrums on your twitter today sir.  Ignore it and keep doing the right thing.
This is crazy! Trumpet tantrums is an understatement.
What about supporting the President instead of having lunch.
Glad you're having a good time when we try to figure out how to pay healthcare premiums and deductibles.  Thanks for nothing.  PLEASE resign
More stolen taxpayer dollars for your state
what kind of green drink are you having John? Thanks for helping saving ACA and all you've done over the years.
Please resign Senator McCain, you've had a great career but we a Senator that is going to honor their campaign promises.
Traitor
Soros/ troll bot here everyone block away!!
Resign
McCain chastised Trump: "You gotta do what you say you're gonna do." Yet HE DIDN'T DO WHAT HE PROMISED ON OBAMACARE!
Senator McCain you look great!! So happy to see you out and about
John,you're a coward and a traitor to America, you betrayed his country in Vietnam ,you're no hero , you're a coward and you'll be dead soon
Look at those posters, now thats real! Very real! Get well soon Senator.
hmmm Looks like somebody went to Panera's LOL
RETIRE.
You're simply jealous about our president. Change your party!
WOW, you are actually doing something, how long have you been a Senator?  way too long, but it is almost over, thank goodness!
Hi John McCain. I dare to say; That God has permanent residence in your house! I dare to say; That He is, your medicine and your bread! Amen
DRAIN THE SWAMP

traitors meeting!
You are looking great sir! We are praying up a storm for you!
NO we are praying for our country and POTUS, This man is a traitor to our Country, Wants to be a showboat casting last vote, Go fast John
I have seen a lot of bots with "truth" in their names- stick to fooling the sheeps. Leave our warriors alone.
And their health care????
Thanks 4 fucking up healthcare for the rest of us! Chuck has a table 4 two waiting 4 you..
We are with you Senator !

do America a favor and either retire or die.. thank you.. amen
Basically you need to shut your mouth.

You need to be questioned on your mental capacity and thought process because I don't think you should have a say so in any part of gov
What promises did you make thus time??
Fiddling around again Nero?
133 American families had to bury their sons killed by McCain, WE NEVER FORGET!
http://sourcesnews.com/mccains-death-bed-secret-just-came-out-about-who-he-killed-after-skeleton-suddenly-resurfaces/ …
John McCain is a career liar!!!
Do you constantly need to critisize the POTUS thru the press. Its hard to tell you from the democrats and its very frustrating!
Sellout
Let me guess the bought you off like the corrupt pos you are!
he's like the energizer bunny
Great job John Thats how u back the Republican's buddy great job man . i wounder why ya daughter dont even like u . lol
Omfg will u just retire john .please do all us this whole country a favor please do a poll watch a real 1 not liberal 1 do a real poll ....
YOU ARE REMARKABLE. Despite that I don't often agree with your politics, I have ALWAYS had a great deal of respect/admiration for you.
Retire you self serving traitor....Arizona please get rid of this Sen that is a hypocrite...Get rid of @SenJeffFlake too! Two losers!
Your country needs you more than it ever has! We have a unfit,unqualified & dangerous man in the WH! PLEASE HELP US #IMPEACH
The world is burning and you embrace democrats...?
Go meet the working ma and stop campaigning.
We don't care John.  You have embarrassed yourself.  Your legacy is ruined.  Please retire.  We will never listen to you again.
If you truly love the United States then please retire.
You're an absolute nut. Don't die with your family, do it in the halls of congress. What a sad egocentric you are
What a phony, and a pile!
I hope they lose their next elections
U've had 7yrs to fix healthcare. WTF is the problem? All rep. ran on appealing the ACA. Was tht just mre BULSHIT to get votes. Tmes UP!!!!

Put America 1st.
Support your president and keep your mouth out of the press.
Please don't speak ...

How r u feeling get well soon and sending prayers 4 u and ur family
Build the wall john
Tick tock, tick tock ,tick tock,tick tock time is running out for you
Regards, brave :)
Best wishes Senator it's good to see you up and about.
Retire you old and bitter liar.
He has changed to democrat, can't you tell.
Those poor people that you are a traitor to! smh!
Looking good @SenJohnMcCain . Praying hard for your recovery.
Instead of taking swipes at the President you should be true to your party. Jealous cause you never got to be President.  Snake!
It's called country over party. This just shows all that you people care about is your party winning. We are all on the same team.
No its called being a Hypercrite! He campaigned and promised to repeal Obama care. He's just voted against to get back Trump.
He will not vote 4 something that will not work or leaves out seniors Medicaid Medicare if it works for everybody he'll let it pass
I call BS! Did you not see what he campaigned on and promised to do? Stop listening to Fake news and do your research before you speak.
That is the most ironic thing I've ever seen. Fox News is more fake. I do my research, honey. Go crawl back to your troll cave and think.
After you! Fake news CNN
Lol your only insult is "fake news CNN" when Fox has spread just as many, it not more, lies. You really are triggered aren't you.
McCain... brain tumor or not! That's no excuse! Try to learn from our smart president. He can actually accomplish things
When will AZ finally get rid of the dead weight holding back progress?
Nice
Keep trying to change the subject from your weak healthcare vote. What happened to your promise to repeal Obamacare?
If you cannot support the President, then just shut up.  You act like you are a democrat who will do anything to undermine this president.
So where's your healthcare ideas oh that's right keep Obama care in place
John McCain, diagnosed and undergoing treatment for cancer, still doing more than @Potus who is out playing on the golf course (again).
What is the Reo Salado project?
. TRAITOR.
Plz resign
He must be trying to get a gig on CNN which one has more fake news McCain or CNN
Sending you strong good vibes Sir.  You are a wonderful American.
Do us a favour, stay in AZ after recess.
Ron Johnson wants to know why you're not eating Chik-fil-A
Like Scott Baio said, he's only running as a Republican because he lives in a red state. He's really a Democrat.
Once again you undermine the Trump administration at a critical time regarding North Korean threats. Reminder: you are NOT President, he is.
Traitor...
Thank you Great Sen John McCain!
Sending prayers your way. Fight the good fight and get back soon.
Funny you get kudos from "resist". That explains a lot to reasonable folks.
Senator, sending you best wishes. A grateful nation needs your voice and wisdom, sir. Especially in this volatile moment. #NorthKorea
, you're kidding right this guy is a war Mongrel from day one now you think he's some kind of hero the guy is nothing but a traitor
retire. America can't stand you.
What did you accomplish other than a free lunch?
You went to lunch, gave a speech & they gave you ?? A baby pampus grass?  Oh well, better than a cactus hehe
Radiation treatments needed to get rid of cancer @SenJohnMcCain
John McCain colluding with terrorists in Syria
Thank you for your service to the great state of Arizona.  Your toughness is truly inspiring and you have been in my thoughts and prayers.
Toughness?  You can't be serious.
I am completely serious Bette! He has been through more than you and I will ever know and is not afraid to stand up for the right thing.
Did they tell you that u r a traitor and u will be replaced ?
Did you pull knife out of backs of ARIZONA voters, over no care?
No Hanoi John just pats them on the back harder. Then grins.. he always did nothing.
Not sure you can tell what's excellent or just stinks
..If you ever leave this earth I will make sure that your legacy of funding and arming terrorists in Syria is never forgotten
Please contact @realDonaldTrump ask him to tone down fire & fury. No way for him to talk and scare everyone. Almost crazy.
Good grief.
... I wonder if any of them asked why you're funding those terrorists in Syria and destroying that country.
Sen don't go away mad, just go away . Do one honest thing before you go... Change your party affiliation.
Pace Yourself, Senator.
We really don't care what you do, say, think!
Did u ask them to take a turn and say something nice about you, before continuing?   
SENATOR YOU DO KNOW THERE COULD OF BEEN ANOTHER CRISIS IN AMERICA ?THIS WOULD OF COMPOUNDED SITUATION!
Stop going against Potus, we all know your a war hero. Put your differences to the side for all American's, Tell Megan she is missed on fox.
... How many millions of tax dollars did you promise them. Corporate welfare
Please don't criticize our president in public.
Which bag of chips do you prefer? Doritos I would hope!
Your not dead yet?  Its coming....TRAITOR!!!!!!
You are wonderful John McCain! Thank you for not taking away people's health care! May God bless you!
Ana, your healthcare is paid by hard wokinq Americans.
You sir are making assumptions.  Many hard working Americans don't want to see millions becoming uninsured. Trump promised healthcare 4 all!
Trump doesn't want a healthy 50 yr old paying $870 per month with a $12,000 deduction.
I agree Obamacare needs to be fixed, but the GOP plan is going to hurt a lot more people than it helps. People 50+ & pre-existing condtions
I understand Obamacare is imploding. What is your answer for that?
Way too broad of a topic to answer on here. Feel free to DM me if you really want my opinion. You're very fortunate for having good health.
It's time to retire! Spend your last days with your family!
Love you john McCain
who wants to know this....?
.... He's just showing you how much tax dollars he's giving away to corporate welfare
JUST FREAKING RESIGN ALREADY!!!


A lesson In fixing things.......
