-(1/2) For the past 8 years, you and the Obama Administration have done nothing about this except show weakness. This week the threat became
You spent 5 years as a POW to protect the likes of trump? You guys really need to do your duty.
I waiting on Paul Revere Easy to see there is not pne patriot in the GOP
@CynthiaBuckwalt Will it matter????? YOU KNOW THE RIGHT THING TO DO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?????
According to Gen Clapper every batshit crazy thing Trump said this week is a LIE. Help us!!!
TRUMP IS A JOKE
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy
Sir, I'm a democrat but have lots of respect for you. Can you please help our country over politics? Trump needs to be reigned in! Help plz!
thank you for putting our country over party sir 
WE should employ the hacking community to interfere with Putins election using facts about his actual treachery.
clapper is a liar who has deceived the american people over and over. And if your with him Your as evil as he is.
No Special Prosecutor Needed Before being fired, Comey told Congress Russian probe targets didn't include Trump
We want McCain to tweet about Clapper's perjury b/f Congress. Otherwise, McCain is just part of reason to Drain the Swamp. Support @POTUS
Sorry to tell you Jonny boy that clapper is lying about everything and him and Obama was spying on America people and needs to be locked up
According to Clapper, the NSA isn't collecting our data either.  What's your point?
Where's the video with Clapper saying no Trump/Russia evidence?

You're so obvious faux republican 

Retire already, or just go away...

So... after a lifetime of service, Lieutenant General “H.R.” McMaster attached his name to the most disgraced administration in US history?
-(2/2) very real! Support our President and his efforts to make Americans safe. Stop your "RESIST" strategy. Do something besides talk!!
Why do you love democrats so much. You are such a fraud
it would be nice if you knew what you were talking about--- your ignorance on the subject is appalling...
Do your job.  I expect more of you Senator.  Our security is more threatened by who is sitting in the oval office. Do your job.
Why don't you just switch parties. You're a democrat. WAR MONGER MCVAIN
Why do u act like u r pillar of virtue songbird ? U r as dirty as the clintons we despise u . Switch parties u represent no one in GOP
WATERGATE
If u had real guts u'd take on 45 for real instead of making vague statements of disapproval. But I don't believe u have guts. U just talk.
According to America, U must prioritize the constitution and freedom over GOP-Do YOU really like the idea YOUR president kisses up to Putin?
__ yeah Clapper has been caught lying more than once,...no credibility there__
Well UR the politician ! Quit talking & introduce & pass something. All U do is yell fire & then blame OUR President for not acting. Retire!
YOU like CLAPPER are a LYING TREASONOUS POS and you are nothing but an OBSTRUCTIONIST! GET OUT of the REP PARTY!
Again we all know Russia tried to infulence election it didn't work. Now find out how to fix it.
Listen and listen closely Trump...your ignorance will destroy us!
Why don't they consider a viable option as to where the attacks may be coming from. #DeepState #DarkWeb
Shouldn't have dismantled Telecommunications Act of 1932. Rate payer funded. Now- you will ask taxpayers to pay, including decay since 1982.
Gee. Could we start by getting the Russians out of the White House
Clapper is a tool


Or have a fair election
Senator McCain you may be the only hope for Republican patriotism. Please lead your party to honestly investigate trump/Russia
Our President disagrees and is doing nothing to stop another cyber-coup like what happened to us last November. GOP = pro-Russian
Please stop the Russia bs people because the it's a smokescreen! The true story is that Obama and other people was sellingout our country
Duh. Also, when are you going to stop promoting Snapchat?
Sorry can't take anything a perjurer has to say.
Where is Spicer?
Focus on this, jobs, pollution, building our tech industry and NOT on the STUPID GOP fixation on ACA repeal. Sheesh.
How can we launch counterattack against Russia when Russia is invited into oval office for chummy photo op? This is madness!!
Try getting anything done with our cancerous two party system... Much respect for you sir, thank you for serving - wish more put country 1st
Ok, this is a very close second to #IndependentInvestigation
Sen McCain, our country is at risk from many perspectives while Trump is pres,  you know he is unstable, please start impeach process asap
Would that be the same Clapper that says there's NO evidence of any Trump/Russia collusion. Nada, zero, zilch
Obama NSA director James Clapper ; NO EVIDENCE Of TRUMP CAMPAIGN COLLUSION W RUSSIA  #Comey https://twitter.com/LeahR77/status/862180208069267456/video/1 …
Mr Clapper is quite clear. Yet major news Media just ignored it.
You guys know you are only about 45 years TOO LATE right?
Cyber is the new warfare not aircraft carriers. All for an increase in defense spending if put where it will protect us the most
ACT LIKE IT! ASK YOUR COLLEAGUES HOW DOES IT FEEL2 SERVE MOTHER RUSSIA? WHERE R THE PROTECTORS OF OUR GREAT DEMOCRACY.D SEN IS FULL OF RUSS
That man is 100 years old.  Does he even know what "cyberspace" is?  Do you?
Please retire. #outoftouch #tooold
Not with Guiliani at the helm. He's is completely corrupt! This is Trumps payback to him!
all republiKKKans R OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE & AIDING & ABETTING! It's hard to believe U would committ political suicide 4 Alt45!
R U AWARE THAT COMMUNIST LEADERS CURRENTLY UNDER INVESTIGATION BY FBI R IN WH? @ D SAME TIME THE ACTUAL INVESTG, HAS BEEN EXCOMMUNICATED?
U actually trust Clapper?
Umm, Trump won't even admit the Russians hacked us. All due respect sir  but this sounds disingenuous. Trump is a disgrace and you know it.
#SpecialCounsel
You may be wrong about the need for a "special counsel", but you have the greatest Twitter name I've seen so far!
Cheers! I like yours as well. Do you think the current senate investigation will achieve an impartial outcome?
From I've read and understand, whether anybody likes it or not, there was no collusion between Trump and the Russians. Hearings are a joke.
Trump lets the Russian in the oval office and Tillerson lifts holds on there pass ports.I guess we are controled by Russians
__and when President Trump gave his speech to Congress, the Russian ambassador sat with the Democrats__
Without a congress willing to standup to POTUS that won't even admit we were attacked, a rather empty and wimpy gesture.
reading the Digital Realty by the Google folks...we are not in a good position senator....gbless!! @MeghanMcCain
so this is happening 
#GOP #Warrant #FBI
RETIRE! RINO!
