Meanwhile you leave us with Obama care while promising for seven years that you would repeal it. You have earned the title of rhino! 
Give me hell JP! 
We are all disappointed in you and Flake the snake.  You support illegals more than U.S citizens. No amnesty
Repeal ObamaCare soon Senator before your replacement takes over.
Retire and heal your body and let the country he'll under trumps great leadership
And we're all surely disappointed in you
WE DID NOT!  65 million Americans voted for HC!
65 mil dead, illegal, and multiple votes from the same person. She couldn't even win a fixed election. Lmao
Can't agree more John, please keep up the good fight for our troops, getting rid of sequestration and CRs a big step to restoring readiness
Senator McCain, you were a HERO while serving our country as POW, you are a true patriot for placing your vote for expanding ACA. We need U
I am disappointed that you will not vote to repeal Obamacare when you promised to do so.
Please Sen.McCain, there are so many hearts & souls that need Medicaid care to live.
this is my child. Millions of lives would be in perile if @GOP $838B to Medicaid. #NoBCRA 
#TermLimits
Didn't John McCain cause the sinking of the USS Forrestal? And then he had his daddy and granddaddy cover it up for him?
How did this defeat feel?  That's Obamacare all over again only you were the one to disappoint
How about taking up "Repeal Obamacare?"
We were disappointed when you became a traitor to the Republican Party!
I'd be happy if you retired
Do nothing Senate as usual. Retire and go away ole Rino!
CHANGE THE RULE! Your Dem friends did it!
My brother-in-law went two times and die without getting approval. McCain is not worthy of any Senator position. He talks big but it got him
Senator, we need your vote for expanding ACA. The new bill is again a ruse, causing States to B Bankrupt by 2020. Please assert yourself
We must have a #BalancedBudget
RINO
Go away McCain
stop arming terrorists, to date over 500,000 people of Syria and Iraq have died - civilians women & children.  God have mercy on your soul
Nobody respects you.  Your a joke
Get well. We the people are counting on you. Unlike your fellow Republicans.
Nothing you do makes anyone proud#MAGA
You suck
You're disappointed aren't you happy that Trump mentioned your name that's all you care about is yourself what happened to the 9 million
Congress couldn't pass a tortoise in a Ferrari. You move like molasses on a cold winter day and keep feeding us BS. #RINO
Couldn't?  Or @SenateMajLdr wouldn't?
See your whacko bird snowflake national trolls are still with you. Just RETIRE Brutus, enough with the obstructing.
Thank your regular order on that one Johnny. Get rid of fillibuster and maybe something could get done. RETIRE Brutus
You must also be very proud that you voted against the Paul amend in order to keep the War Machine going and enriching your benefactors.
Final of your retirement?
Amazed at all the nasty comments.  Thank you for doing what is right and not what is easy, @SenJohnMcCain . Best wishes for your health.
Resign
So you're disappointed...maybe finally you know how Americans feel lamenting our dysfunctional Senate year after year. Time to retire...
@Northvike don't bother to come back cuz your vote against Trump no matter what. You are a turncoat. The left appreciated your NO VOTE.
I'm really disappointed that you couldn't repeal and replace!
You failed on your promises to repeal ocare. I gave you my vote and you will be lucky to ever receive it again or anyone u support
amnesty is a traitorous act to our country but the govt has screwed america so long these illegals are grown. U have not put america 1st.
SENATOR I TOLD YOU SIR :YOU ARE PART OF GOD'S PURPOSE !GOD WILL USE YOU ALWAYS !GOD WILL KEEP YOU SAFE ;AND HEAL YOU!
What role did you play in the creation of the #TrumpDossier ????? Answer me...
REPEAL OBAMACARE!!  Support our president & American people or Resign!
No support for President trump, impeach that con artist
RETIRE
Sending you healing prayers. Thank you Sir!
You sound like the president instead of the senator. Cancerous one.
While we're disappointed you couldn't repeal Obamacare, we will make certain you never have another chance in the next election.
Thank you...... Many more need to go. I live in Flint Michigan I totally understand!
Well this voter is not disappointed. It is you I am disappointed in. Support the POTUS
While I'm disappointed in the AZ people for voting you in 6 more years (Hopeful you retire before then) I still have faith in them!
Yeah you are kind of a #RepealACA failure.  No? @foxnation
I bet you are, you war PROFITEERING #NEANDERTHAL. You & your pal @HillaryClinton need to go away!
If you want it it can't be good for the United States. Resign!
while i'm disappointed the Senate could not pas the vote to repeal and replace obamacare, i am no longer proud of the US.
Maybe if you quit being a Never Trump person YOU might get more support from your pals.
Don't screw everything up like you did health-care bill.

U.S. House passes $1.2 trillion measure to fund government http://reut.rs/2xnDZUh 
I'd rather we spend 200 billion on defense and put 500 billion saved into getting our gov solvent
excelent.
Yes, as most Republicans are disappointed in you as well
