did you ever read About Face by David Hackworth
hey John one thing is this the country you fought for
burdensome regs? You mean the ones that protect our only place we have to live. SF
Why not have a good meeting w/our President & start supporting him instead of continuously stabbing him in the back.
tell me sir, how can I be safer than safe?
don't know what you mean burdensome regs, get with the program mccain
Russia? What are you going to do?
you will see a financial 'burden' when your constituents drain budget sick as dogs from pollution. Emerg.fnds Medicare
As a resident of one of those counties you speak of, could you maybe look into Trump's Russian ties? Pretty please?
interestingto see there's no interest in looking into Clinton Saudi ties
Wow! I did not know Clinton was currently serving as POTUS. In that case you're right! Get on it Senator.
Funny you should be meeting with you're President to make good things happen.  You are as bad as you dem buddies. Pleased ret
you confirmed #devos you proved party loyalty is more important to you than your country. Great example.
all of your constituents want clean water, and living in Arizona we know it's more important than money is. #representus #fb
all meaningless as long as you ignore Russia's influence in the WH. #WeNeedAPatriot
why would we want to be burdened with clean air and water? Profits matter more right senator?
Yeah, like you really care! You're just another coward!
You mean the regs @POTUS is repealing
you're a fake
but you still think rolling back those EPA regulations was a good thing SMH rules are made for reason, but you love corporate
Now on to independent committee to once and for all investigate Russian ties with the #GreatOrangePumpkin.
oh wait. I forgot. You do
we want a town hall!  How about meeting with the people who pay you?
Yes, those regulations forcing corporations to keep toxic chemicals out of the water supplies are soooo burdensome!
go away Mr McCain, your a has been
time for u to be repealed n replaced traitor (songbird) pos. Go take a one way long walk into the desert. America tks you
too bad you don't care that Russia has invaded us.
and what would those be exactly Senator?
if you vote to dismantle EPA and other environmental protections what's the point of planting trees?? #DoYourJob
When Sen Flake speaks about "Stakeholders" he refers to the takers, not the "owners" (us). Water and Air are essential- $$$?
oh your back from from Europe got bored stoking the fires of war
retie before you make a bigger fool of yourself. Maybe move to Saudi Arabia. They seem to love you there.
'Burdensome Regs'? Probably not your best word-choice. Or idea, for that matter.
why bother? U don't represent az u represent dc fake Arizonan fake war hero fake republican fake conservative worthless liar
HOW Can You Be Prolife And Anti Environment? #WaterIsLife
John plz stop tweeting, people dont care what u think
Meeting was not announced! As a Tucson resident: most if my friends didn't know McCain in town! What a hypocrite!
I'm sorry who are you and what have you done for OUR vet's?
Time to retire old man!
get on the Trump train or just retire..no need for any rep senator to be opposed to what trump is doing
Unless you actually care about this country. But hey, burn it all down so Trump can make his friends rich.
Try a town hall. It is a great way to meet many of your constituents. Come on, Senator. Be a hero!
It would be great if you came to some urban centers where the people are, they have a lot of questions for you.
RETIRE NOW  RINO
& full disclosure of 45s taxes, ties to Russia and profits he is making off his office
and the russian investigations??
:mr mcain you is very crazy.retired now.!!!
IMPEACH RUSSIA IMPEACH RUSSIA IMPEACH RUSSIA
yea right!
Why White helmets do not work in Mosul? There you and Obama killed thousands of innocent people!
Is "burdensome" in itself an evil? What about the purpose that regulation was designed to achieve?  #health&safety
Please STOP being complicit with treason in administration! If U don't speak up, you'll go down as being part of the coverup!
Why not hold #townhall meetings in Arizona? Just curious?
Indeed, forest restoration - John Muir would have enjoyed your meeting Senator.
those burdensome regs allowing us to drink clean water and breathe clean air? I can't wait for my city to look like Beijing!
whatever you say
lol ok
could you specify which regulations you are referring to?
Da comrade. Putin loves you!
May I ask what regs ?
Yes drill those public lands dirty water so wonderful for your rich friends .
1 Q Does this  's ass  pres trump have your best interests at ? How 'bout  or the  ??
#GOP #DoYourJob
