I have lupus. I am a mother. Please do not let the GOP kill me. My father fought in Vietnam with you. Please.
I could be your daughter. Please do not let the GOP commit mass genocide against the American people
stop your cry baby lies stand up don't be a victim feel sorry for yourself! Id feel compassion if you were the solution instead of the B.S.
Zero followers Chris?
Looks like his first tweet ever was yesterday. Most were bot like nonsense against McCain.
bot
Sad 2 hear of all these deaths U & yours hid. http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ …
Bout time for you to be put out to pasture don't you think. You've overstayed your welcome .Resign. You're making a fool of yourself now
I named my late cat after Jake. I miss them both.
Sad to hear the death of republican John McCain but a warm welcome to  to the birth Democrat John McCain #worthless #retire #gooutinstyle
I doubt you're ever sad about anything. Unless you miss out on what ever woman your trying to seduce.
It is sad to hear John McCain is voting no on the health care bill again!  This Senator needs to go!  Do not vote for John McCain again.
Please come out and vote no. This is so unfair to the American people. I know Lindsey is your friend but Americans DO NOT want this
What American's RU talking about? Maybe ones that pay very little. Before ACA, had co-pay only. Now higher prem & unaffordable deductible. 
You're not sorry about anyone or anything except yourself. You're a vain & shallow angry bitter envious little man! Be honest for once !
Ah.  But do you care about the veterans who had appointments delayed causing THEM to die?
My greatest sympathies to you &yours. Hatred for Trump is no reason to stop a beginning step to end Obama care YOU are ruining lives vote ya
What is really sad is your no vote on repealing obamacare.
One of the greats, Sir. True Bull
Jake was a mans man - he helped anyone unlike you. Dont talk his name youll destroy it lime everything else. Liar, liar liar. God got u!!
You will see him soon
NOT AS SAD as learning you are shafting Senator Graham and your party by refusing the effort against Obamacare! 
VOTE YES AMERICANS NEED IT AND WE NEED IT NOW. STOP WITH THE POLITICS.
You vote no, we will get single payer Bernie wants to give us &will happen as u prove GOP can't govern. And ALL including yours will pay BIG
A Bull like you.
Sorry to hear about the death of your integrity , vote no on health bill and regain some respect.
Cemented but the legacy of taking insurance from millions resulting in their death will be what you're remembered for. 2/
Mr McCain Americans beg you to vote No on Grahams deathcare bill. Americans fighting cancer will die. Your legacy as a war hero has been 1/


Next
Jake was a great boxer however, he abused his wife & others
Hey sir, there will be thousands dead in PR if we can't get air support into PR. they need water or they will die.
95 is a long life...please vote NO on Graham Cassidy. It is horribly flawed and rushing to fulfill a campaign promise is no excuse for wrong
Will you feel the same If this health care bill passes, please say the same about the dead mother my kids considered great.

@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  we beg you to please do the right thing this is not a party issue it's a human rights issue https://twitter.com/ToDropADime2/status/910924614976643073 …
For the sake of Your Love of the Republican Party. You must show them that this bill has to be stopped. No one else will. It is you alone.

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
America is weary of Reeps trying to deny medical coverage to millions and millions of people - vote NO on this ridiculousness!
tick tock.............................
I do not want to hear of the deaths of children dependent on current healthcare programs. Why are you refusing to speak with their mothers?
It was also sad to hear you think you work for the governor and not your constituents. No on #GrahamCassidy  please!
Per the AMA: #GrahamCassidy violates the precept of 'first do no harm.' It is a dangerous and irresponsible bill. Please vote no.
#TheBull
Sad the sordid lot that is the Republican today is going to try and pass this with no CBO score.
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy
соболезную родным и близким по случаю смерти Jake LaMotta Вечная слава герою!
Wtf he's 95
Please open the phone lines at ur 3 offices. Mysteriously a live staffer is unreachable. Don't u want our input on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill ?
Will you be sorry when Arizonans die because of #GrahamCassidyMurderBill ?
#NoGrahamCassidy
Vote no
It would be sadder still if you were responsible for the death of my healthcare. Please don't take away my healthcare.
“You know, I could maybe give you 10 reasons why this bill shouldn’t be considered,” Grassley said. Let me know if you need anything else.
The question. Senator is do you vote because a friend wants you to or vote for what you know is right for America. It will define ur legacy
I've had Cancer, You've got Cancer. I'm sorry. Do not leave this earth allowing your Party to lay this Evil Bill on the desk of an Evil man.
WE ARE BEGGING YOUPLEASE HELP US(A)! Request Regular Order. #GrahamCassidy will hurt our ENTIRE large family! PLEASE - we are so scared!
You can be remembered for standing up to stop this atrocious healthcare bill or you can be remembered as a phony "maverick"
How many more will die without healthcare insurance subsidies in the richest nation on earth? You get to show you’re a tool or a maverick.
How sad will you be when "Annie & joe" America dies. We are not famous but our lives are valuable. Our family will miss us. Vote No on G-C
How about the deaths of our sailors you caused? #ZioConTraitor What have you been doing about #DVAScandal? http://prepareforchange.net/2017/09/11/navy-releases-mccains-records-mccain-was-personally-responsible-for-the-deadliest-fire-in-the-history-of-the-us-navy/ … #FeresDoc
No to ACA, NO TRUMPCARE. Please stand up like the Man you are and don't sell out to the draft dodging coward and his minions.

.@SenateGOP won’t allow time for CBO analysis, hearings, or debate on #GrahamCassidy.

So let’s look at what medical professionals think. 1/
Please don't vote yes Senator McCain. Do it for the American people. Donald Trump and his grimy GOP Going to screw us. Trumps a traitor
Sad. Bet he had great insurance!   Please PLEASE vote YES and pass this 1st step in healthcare reform. Obamacare is killing us all !!
McCain, you are an embarrassment.  Please retire so this country and our great President can get something done.
Please do the right thing and vote NO! 
VOTE NO MAVERICK !!! AZ IS PROUD OF YOU !! VOTE NO !!
They only put Grahams name on it to make you sign !! Are you going to fight for all of us ? AZ has been good to you Be good to us VOTE NO !
Don't cave, vote NO!
Thank you for your integrity.  The country salutes you.
Hopefully when healthcare comes by again you don't fuck it up. Obamacare could have been repealed already. Do the right thing McCain
Senator McCain, if you care about our country and its norms, you cannot in good conscience vote 4 Cassidy Graham bill & u know it.
Better talk some sanity into your buddy Graham. His career is doomed should this bill pass!
Did you really refuse to meet with the mothers of sick children? Who does that?
Please vote no on this horrible healthcare bill!Millions of Americans are counting on you to do the right thing! Have a !
Membrs Congress/staff hve access to "free or low-cost care" thru  Office of Attending Doc "free medical outpt care@militry fac" in D.C.
MCCAIN HAS SINGLE PAYER/MEDICARE INS. CVRS EVERYTHING,
PAST, PRESENT, & FUTURE HLTH ISSUES W/LITTLE OR NO COST TO HIM. WHAT DO U HAVE???
GOP strategy is viciously inept.  That they really think this is good for GOP says they care ONLY abt Koch $$
Every single health care group is begging Republicans not to do this

Doctors
Hospitals…
Show us your are still an American Hero and vote no for the good of the American people rather than killing millions.
Do the right thing again Senator McCain....do not let the Senate repeal ACA!
Vote no on Trumpcare if you care at all about the American people.
At middleage, shouldn't have 2 choose between healthcare& retirement but that's where who make<100kp/y(70% of Americans) are. It's a crime.
Americans need you to protect our healthcare!  Vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill!
Remember when we were GREAT? Wealthy pd fairshare, prisons/roads/bridges/schools all funded? Now states under water & they have 2 add ins?
John, does it also make you sad to think of all the Americans #GrahamCassidy will kill by making ins. unaffordable?
Trump: G-C "does" cover pre-existing conditions
Kaiser Foundation: "Premiums could be unlimited for people who are sick" Repeat: "UNLIMITED" https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/910641701064204288 …
Please vote NO on the devastating Graham-Cassidy bill. America deserves better. We're counting on you, @SenJohnMcCain. 
Please vote NO on the devastating Graham-Cassidy bill. A sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order.
Please don't vote for this healthcare bill, it will effect my family very negatively.  My son and myself both have a hereditary heart issue
Vote for health care because Ocare will NEVER survive lack of money and neither will the fed budget.
What about the deaths to Americans with preexisting conditions?  They cannot afford coverage of 150,000 a year for  coverage


Good Morning Sen. McCain. I hope you are fairing well with treatment. My mom is also enduring chemo. Best wishes to you.
There is a book that deals w/who2blame 4middle east problems, read it, & see what the future of this country GOP want4this country,it's sick

Hello, @LindseyGrahamSC and @BillCassidy. Look long and hard at these pictures. This is my friend Jake. Without ACA he will die. 
With do respect Sen McCain, they only enemies this country is facing greedy,destructive GOP who want 2 destroy this country 4Koch brothers
I am proud American for 40 years now & I am so disgusted by GOP attitudes 2people&this country, I am not democr, but moderate independent
As a Russian immigrant,I am angry at CG bill,it's like RUHealthcare,you disable,it's your problem,if over 50/60 nothing can be done,you old
What would be sadder? Millions of Americans loosing their healthcare w/ Graham Cassidy being voted in. This is not normal order as u asked!
16  groups in signed statement "Graham-Cassidy will negatively impact patients access 2 adequate & affordable health coverage and care."
"Our organizations urge senators 2 oppose this legislation."groups include American Cancer Society, Cancer Action Network, American Diabetes
Association, American Heart Association, American Lung Association,  Arthritis Foundation, National Health Council and the March of Dimes.
They strongly supported bipartisan legislation that stabilizes individual health ins. market,  led by Sen. Lamar Alexander.  Regular Order !
American Medical Association & AARP oppose this too. When will our leaders start to heal this country & work for all of us! NO to Koch Bros!
Will u be our Champion? Will u be one of the great Mavericks that stood up against bullies and bad bills. Will u bring our country together?
Please Mr McCain say no to the disastrous healthcare bill. It hurts middle class working families. Not one health group supports it
Even sadder that you are still in congress playing a republican while working for the resistance and Soros. #TraitorMcCain
Excuse me, but don't you have more pressing things to discuss?! How about healthcare for MILLIONS???
Please vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
#GrahamCassidy targets Arizonans 50-64. @AARPadvocates projects annual premium increases of $22,074!! Unaffordable! Call Sen M! 202-224-2235
Sad to hear you want america to be sick
Stop playing politics with our health insurance! Make you decision known! Oppose Graham & Cassidy. Please!
Also sad to hear about the death of millions of Americans if this "modified" trump care goes through. Don't others deserve the same as you.
please do not sell out the American people for your BFF. A real friend would not ask you to do this
Sen. remember you said regular order. That's not happening. Pls don't sign this HC bill cuz your BFF Lindsey Grahams name is on it!
Listen to people’s plea. Improve upon ACA. Don’t take it away
I don't understand how you are  allowed to vote when you are not in the right mind with Brain cancer chemo and 80 years  should step down
Don’t take our ACA away.
"Graham and Cassidy wrote the worst plan yet." https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/20/16333384/graham-cassidy-obamacare-health-care …
Don't kill healthcare for millions. Don't do it, McCain. Do not DO IT for your best friend Lindsay. It NOT what Americans want.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/graham-cassidy-could-negatively-affect-in-home-care_us_59c13e74e4b0c3e70e74280d …  I am sad to hear of the devastating consequences awaiting the elderly with this horrible healthcare bill. #VoteNo
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy Bill = Republican Death Care. Republicans r killing our Country!
Stand as part of your team for once in your life.  Approve this health care proposal.
Prophetic. More will die. For Honor and America Sir, please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. We need you to do the right thing for the citizenry.
It is Sad. But what will be even more sad? If you change your position on keeping regular order in the senate and vote yes on the lie.
Please save our healthcare so the rest of us can live so long. No repeal please!
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/john-mccain-health-care-graham-cassidy_us_59c2d7ebe4b06f93538c3e5b …
Senator McCain . Please do not vote for Graham Cassidy. It is the cruelest proposal to destroy healthcare for millions. Have a heart sir.
Can’t make deals with the devil and back out Trump will learn that one day you have a chance to make things right
All these things that going on God is tryingto tell  Trump something hint to the wise is Sufficient a fool will never understand




Please do the right thing senator!
Is it really ok to vote for the same shitty bill you rightly opposed because it is now sponsored by your friend?
All we have to do Is fix Obamacare not take it away it can be fixed if Donald Trump had any feelings he wouldn’t do this
Why would you support a bill that will kill many Americans even if Lindsey is ur good friend! Where is ur integrity now sir? America is 
Sad that you John, have more health coverage options than you can shake a tumor at, yet still vote against the American public, #sociopath
The Lord said Love one another help each other we need to pray Obamacare was done for a reason to help people God works in mysterious ways
Before ACA, talked with a cancer patient that chose to die instead of leave his family with big bills.. no one show have to chose death..Sad
Donald Trump need to realize vengeance is mine says the Lord Obama care helps a lot of people Donald Trump help no one But himself
DEAR SENATOR MCCAIN, 
STAY STRONG WITH US!  VOTE NO ON AWFUL GRAHAM-CASSIDY!
MILLIONS of Americans are counting on YOU to not sell us out!!!
I'm worried about losing my insurance and this is what is important to you. Wow!
I work for it all my life I don’t need the aggravation that Trump is putting us through Trump need to seek god he is not please
The American Lung Association OPPOSES the sham of a 'healthcare' bill.
March of Dimes OPPOSES the sham of a 'healthcare' bill.
Donald Trump have money to take it himself and his family Obamacare helps a lot of people please I beg of you don’t take that away from us
Please Sen John McCain fix Obama care we have been through so much don’t let Donald Trump destroy and continue to kill us of
Repub senatores are lying about the healthcare bill and rushing it thru without the standard procedure. Vote your conscience.
Remain a hero.  Please vote NO #GrahamCasiddy
Do not distract Americans on a passing. Make sure you don't pass the lame excuse for health care being forced on the most needy 
Please don't go back on your word - remember how you felt post surgery, Sir. Do the right thing (again!)

If you vote to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score, never call yourself conservative again. You are a dangerous radical.
Thank you Senator for fighting for the American People. Please dont let us die.
Senator McCain can save his best friend from etrenal infamy by voting against the draconian bll.
Sad about Jake, but he made 95. Please don't support the newest health care proposal. Fellow vet.
Hey John. What's the scoop here? Did money taken from a FL tax supported public/fail safe health system make its way to you?
And if readers are interested, do look into the alleged "suicide" of this infested fraudulent health system
He shot himself in the heart AND put the gun back in his pocket before dying; after he told his wife he wasn't sure he'd live through this
Oh, and after local commissioner allegedly told him he put him in and could take him out
Oh, and is it strange a dead federal prosecutor, found with GSW to head and no gun, was also ruled suicide in Broward County?
He was and you are a hero too. Don't let us down.  Vote no on Graham Cassidy.  It will hurt so many
John, if someone won't be your friend unless you agree to gut insurance from MILLIONS OF US CITIZENS...maybe he wasn't really your friend!
Please vote NO on latest bad Trumpcare bill. It will hurt many millions, including your constituents!
"Reprehensible" from a @GOP strategist. I am going to guess that this bill will not only kill 1,000s of Americans, it will also kill the GOP
Yea but when it came down to doing right vs embellishing himself he threw the fight. Just like you. Tarnished forever.
My grandfather was a prizefighter too. I have cancer I can't afford to treat without #ACA. Sad for me & my family too?

Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner, Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From… http://statefort.com/sen-john-mccain-backed-corner-refuses-tell-authorities-got-9-million-dollars/ …
  TRAITOR
How could you? Vote No on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy ...or your legacy will be that of a COMPLETE fraud. (And quietly... you know that is true.)
also sad is ur party's "healthcare" bill -will literally end up killing ppl. I'm single mom w/stage 4 cancer, pls don't turn ur back on us.
PLEASE, Sir, don't let your legacy be taking healthcare away from millions, and denying care for folks with preexisting conditions.
Vote NO. People are counting on you to do the right thing in spite of your friendship with Lindsey Graham.
I'm sad to hear you are considering a yes vote on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill the @GOP officially had lost all integrity putting over people
