Your thoughts better also be with millions of Americans who NEED their healthcare, not this DEATHCARE on the table! You voted wise before!
Another lying Democrat
Yummy! Shame you can't locate yours. 
Please vote NO on Graham/Cassidy bill as this is one of the ways we can take care of the roughly 22 mm vetrans living in the US.
And our sincerest thanks to all the military supply companies for their hidden contributions to get us elected.
It is also your obligation to protect the citizens of AZ.  You need to support them, NOT the governor.  NO on G-C.  Do the right thing!
Your condolences are meaningless if you won't repeal Obamacare. I have lost ALL respect for you.
Did you console the members of the 133 people you killed?  Oh that's right, you were shot down and captured.
What about all the veterans that will die when you take away their Medicaid!? No on #GrahamCassidy
Liar
I called your office to beg you to vote NO on the #CassidyGraham bill today but your mailbox is full. PLEASE VOTE NO!! For the sake of US!
Get a job! Some of us can't afford our insurance premiums any more you Demo-rats are killing us
What about the living Veterans? What about children? What about elderly? Cancer victims like yourself? DON'T BETRAY US! #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
We agree, explain the difference for those who die because of no healthcare??
Will you send deep condolences to the families of people who die because they couldn't afford healthcare? VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Vote no on Graham bill.
4 words, P o Dog shit ;-)
You promised to repeal and replace, keep your damn promise!!!
What about the veterans that are on #ACA ? 
IF #GrahamCassidy passes ALOT will lose their healthcare.
EVERYONE, #NotJustMarketplace participants will lose the pre-existing conditions provision. #ACAisAllOfUS
Couldn't open. What was the article?
@GinaBest Does that obligation include protecting black service women from unjustified police executions? #indiaKager
You stand for transgender in the military. That says all I need to hear from you @SenJohnMcCain
And hope that none of them are dependent on healthcare under Graham Cassidy. Resist
@POTUS please rename USS John McCain as Senator McCain has ruined his family legacy & Logan Palmer is a true American hero unlike him
Hypocrite.
NO. SIR. 
Your solemn oath includes saying NO to #CassidyGraham too. #veterans #VeteranFamilies #PTSD #Cancer #autism
Dear Sir: I'm a Democrat who loves you. I have all my hope in you again on the STILL SHITTY insurance bill. PLEASE VOTE NO AGAIN
Support single payer and quit the wars usa.. the world is tired of your hypocracy
Who protected the brave sailors on the Forrestal from the admiral's wet start baby boy? RETIRE Brutus
In light of your condition, it is time now to secure your legacy Mr. McCain. Vote no on Trumpcare.
Your solemn obligation is to look after them but take their HEALTH CARE FROM THEM WHEN THEY COME HOME? WHAT?
The # of sailors killed is tragic but pales in comparison to the # of Americans that will die if #GrahamCassidy becomes law.
Do the right thing again Mr. McCain and vote no to repeal.
To #Congress: Graham-Cassidy would result in millions losing coverage, destabilize insurance markets, decrease access to affordable care. 
What do you mean lost at sea?did another ship have issues? Kinda seems like war not accidents.
Your fault Sen. PC correct training was more important to you then actual  Defensive training.
what about Obamacare???  I'm ashamed of you, willing to take away from millions, the GOP is disgusting
Please do the right thing again and vote No on #GrahamCassidy
Obligation is also to look after citizens who need real healthcare. #healthcarebill

But once they're out screw them snd famies
as well as ALL of your constituents, right?  Do the RIGHT thing Senator for ALL Arizonans!  #saveourhealthcare
HOW ABOUT THE FAMILIES OF THE 137 SAILORS WHO DIED FIGHTING A FIRE YOUR EGO CAUSED...LOOK JOHN. YOU ARE DONE. RESIGN AND CALL HOSPICE.
Yes, deepest condolences. 
So many men & women wake up ea day and serve this country. Let's watch out for them, too, sir. Pls vote no on GCH
Please, please do not allow the loss of our healthcare.  Vote "no".
How about veterans? 1.7 million veterans will be adversely effected if you vote for Graham- Cassidy bill to repeal ACA. VOTE NO!
Our representatives must vote 4 that which is good for our country & not to please their party and/or donors.U know the right thing to do.
Save our healthcare, Senator!! Do not vote #GrahamCasiddy #GrahamCassidyNO
Do what's right,people
need the ACA. Put politics aside, people
lives
are @ stake.This bill is worst than the last one you struck down.
Az. Gov. said "yes" to Graham-Cassidy but it will gut Medicaid ending coverage for MILLIONS of vets.  VOTE NO! #noGrahamCassidy
We grieve when any service person is hurt or killed.  They're part of our American Family. Please vote NO on G-C Healthcare for our family.
Graham/Cassidy health is just as bad as the last.  U wouldn't vote for it, please don't sacrifice ur morals & vote 4 this. Fx ACA Bipartisan
John McCain evacuate South Korea save as many as you can DonaldTrump and his war mongering will kill us allagain with killer healthcare
Ok, will the SASC resign an masse?
Do the right thing and stand up against the healthcare bill.
 Be a Maverick and not a Goose.
Ur friend grahams bill does not return to order and does no favors to American people! I hope u vote no and show America over party
Sen, it's all about the hardware, the money transfer to corp. campaign contributors. People are commoditized in new paradigm. Thank you, MIC
Vote No, Grandpa!
Then stop sending them to die in pointless wars.  Time for you to suit up and fight Senator, since you love war so much  #retirenowmccain
Suppose to take care of them after you break them too. SA639....we don't forget all the BS in other amendments we see where we stand!
Been saying F is since 2004 and every year since. So don't claim any of you in the Senate or House take care of veterans, #FakeNews
Then don't take vets healthcare away!
More lies from a lying Democrat
No credibility.
Then vote no on GrahamCassidy. Many vets on Medicaid will lose their healthcare! This process is not REGULAR order or bi-partisan. Vote no.
Your a liar, veterans in need can go to any VA clinic or hospital and get treatment for free spread your BS elsewhere. Mrs Stolen Valor
My father was a Marine and my son a sailor. Lots of military in my family since the Revolutionary War. Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy.
You are a sham traitor to our president ,you are Not A Hero but a http://Zero.you  LIED about repealing Obama care liar. resign NOW
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/910165170101669888 …
Until Is Time For Benefits
Entitlement Stolen By Government
#GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare is a major threat to vets health care. Tell the Senate to #ProtectOurCare & #KillTheBill https://www.trumpcareten.org/ 
Thank you for recognizing these families, sir. I don't feel that @POTUS45____ has adequately done so.
Mr Senator, please stop the Obama military budget sequester. Thanks !
If you want to look after those who have served, why are you backing Graham-Cassidy bill. What a betrayal!!
Has trump ever actually acknowledged these sailors, he has time to tweet hitting HRC with a golf ball & the like. How can you support him?
... The naval vessels were deliberately ran into... Why do you refuse to talk about this.
Look after them- until they need healthcare!! 

Look after those who serve in every way Senator. Heed your own call for order and vote NO!
Glad to see you back! Appreciate what you do! Moving to AZ next year! Stay strong and God Bless
Retain ACA !
Support veterans, many rely on Medicaid. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy 
You know it's wrong. Do the right thing.
Then vote no on #GrahamCassidy which will remove Medicaid benefits for our Vets!!!  Give us the same healthcare you have!!
Pleased dead beat Gov. is acting on this issue.  Serious issue.   Should've never happened.   Not the military I served in. 
Please do the right thing and save aca till something better. You know how important healthcare is. Not everyone has your income!
And to protect and make better the ACA? Cause I care about Americans healthcare. Knowing how important health is
Do you really care for military families? It sure as hell doesn't look like it. #GrahamCasiddy
Well when you vote yes on trumps death care bill..you can kiss vet care goodbye....and you know this.
 and to look after all citizens in need of affordable healthcare
Yes this never should be that mistakes our killing our military
Yes. Which is why you need to vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill our troops depend on Medicaid. its for long term disabilities.
You are a fake McCain. You couldn't care less. 2018 can't come soon enough.
Canadians deepest sympathies to all Americans if their government passes this so called healthcare bill. 
Go meddle in someone else's politics!
You talk all this military stuff but yet when it comes down to giving the military pay raises and the veterans pay raises you always say no
Gotta put the raises in the spy bill so no one can back out all good law is hidden in other http://laws.how  DC works fire them all.
