I've always wanted 2 visit. Plz sit in THEIR red rocks for a min & figure out how 2 go fwd..u're the only sane largely respectable GOP left
An 80 year old guy is you're hope? Sad for you
Ageist
You must be a Lib cause they call people names. I'm 64 so I am qualified to make my comment
.. and proudly liberal.  If you're proudly conservative and informed we can chat. The best ideas meet in the middle
Meeting in the middle? Does anybody do that anymore?
no time like the present
How do we get to the middle on immigration?
Hey @POTUS are my tax dollars paying for his trips. I need an answer @DonaldJTrumpJr @KellyannePolls
Should of asked the former PM what is being done to strengthen and not weaken self defense laws in Australia.  A problem that needs fixed.
Whatever!
did you inquire as to how @warrenbuffett @netanyahu #intimidated #Australia to #LeanInTogether to create #FakeNews? @USAembassyinOZ #Assange
Please show integrity and take a stand against Trump's actions. What is wrong with you? STAND UP FOR SOMETHING.
Republicans should be more concerned about McCain than Pelosi
What are you now, the Republican Party Secretary of State ? Giving all the adversaries of @pouts. "Safe Space" ? Take note @seanhannity
Who's paying for this extended boondoggle?
Insignificant!
Go home McCain your not the President your not important

Nice job bad mouthing our President on foreign soil. You are the one disturbing me. Shame on you.
Glad we the tax payers can pay for you vacation to Australia- please consider retirement in Perth.
Just retire already. Oh that's right then you would loose your free vacations. How many vet's are not getting treated for your vacations?
Why does a US Senator travel so much trying to rep the US.  Should be working more closely with the folks you rep here!
What happened to you John? When was the last time you read the Constitution?
Sir, please stop denegrating President Trump. Losing respect for you.

Looking for a place to retire to as U.S spirals out of control and democracy dies before our very eyes?
Acting like a president in Australia throwing shade on the real President is a lame way to spend Memorial Day. Disappointing
Please retire.
RUSSIA
Did you tell him how you have been selling out your Country by voting with your party when you knew it was wrong? #impeachGOP
That's not Terry Bradshaw? 
Looking very Presidential, Senator. Are you in the US?
Do us a favor, and stay there!
Senile old man retire!
What about forgotten veterans you ignore back home.
Where is Tax reform and the repeal of Obamacare. Get to work and start supporting our president.
ty for furthering US interests which are being undermined by @POTUS. if #DJT were a Dem, you already would have insisted on impeachment
Why don't you start representing your own state of Arizona?  You don't speak for the American people overseas. #Delusional
Trump bashing I assume
Why aren't you home protecting us from DJT and the Koch Bros?
Talking about running away, giddy up Mustang.
Why do you ALWAYS leave the country on your recess? We have traitors in the WH. Get home & start #impeachment #Trumprussia #KushnerKremlin
I hope to work with you
sorry but You Look Too Comfortable when the Nation is being infiltrated and destroyed by the trump presidency. Get Trump Out before too late
You guys are the bomb
John when are you going to go to the Democrat side? You know that's where you belong! If you're not sure how to get there, ask the media.
I see your patching up Trump's mistakes; now go do this with Germany...
My question is how did you get there, who paid for it and why did you go
So we haven't pissed them off yet?
Did he tell you that you need to grow a sack and impeach the knucklehead in the White House?
Hey songbird why no outrage when obama had an open mic moment when he st up a back channel with russia?
Uhh @TheLeftoversHBO Does Christopher Sunday know this was on his itinerary? #theleftovers
John Howard... Our greatest ever PM, 11 years, 4 election wins... An incredible man.
Would you PLEASE work on getting this lunatic out of office? Do vote yes on his shit, stand up to him. Don't ruin your reputation for him
Okease vote against AHCA.
Work with the President NOT against him. Oh you can't thats right Soros pays for youTime for retirement I think.
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
Songbird is singing the blues everywhere he goes. Should have been charged w/treason after Vietnam. #sedition #treason
Wasn't Howard the one who got rid of all the guns in Australia? I remember seeing a huge pile of them being destroyed. Talk about that.
 Recall this traitor! Rino!
Are you creating a back channel to the Aussies? Mr. I Lost to Obama and am not the president.
Show that moron what diplomacy is supposed to look like
stay there
He likes wars too.
is this an apology tour for Trump's behavior
"support the troops"
Rep. Joaquín Castro leading trip to Mexico to meet with over 230 U.S. veterans who have been deported http://on.msnbc.com/2qn5GdG  
Powerful collection of reference books one would think?
u disgraced America u r republicans Obama shameful
Please please keep our allies!!  POTUS seems only to make enemies.
