Coming up at #MSC2017: @SenJohnMcCain, @poroshenko, @AndrzejDuda. @BorisJohnson, @ianbremmer.

Live video here: http://www.securityconference.de/en  
Trying to ONE UP Trump again?
Why did he break from Republicans? Is he now supporting open borders? Is this what Arizona wants? @FoxNews
yes, let's,open the borders, Arizona, Texas,and California were part,of,Mexico fool
I don't debate children. Please get a good education and pay close attention in history.
Don't know who you r talking to but I have a Masters Degree
by President you mean the malignant sociopathic narcisict that Hillary beat by 3 million votes.the coward.
you let the down fall happen..you chocked up running against obummer
you are for the Democratic Party! You are a embarrassment
Challenge number 1: A @POTUS and administration under the thumb of the Russian intelligence services.
you do not represent Americans
no 1 cares what McCain says. he ran but the people said no to him being president, y b/c he isn't qualified
The @GOP @SenateGOP leadership better do something about the clown @SenJohnMcCain his actions teeter on Sedition & Treason!!
@MunSecConf
how about RU involvement and the fact that @POTUS & Staff should be investigated for treason?
Im sure it will be realistic and good for our country.  Please help up get rid of Trump!
Treasonous traitor.Paid by George Soros and you asked Russian ambassadorVital to contribute to your campaign.#Traitor #Facts
please support our President
WE don't want you their speaking on our behalf-you are a liar
very tired or you undermining our President Trump!
Stop the flow of Islamists into our country; we do not want the trouble Europe is having with muslims.
is this the place where your are trashing Trump and saying his admin is in disarray? Switch to Democrat please
POTUS has turned our country upside down..and with it, the world.  Please help
we need to stop deporting law abiding Mexicans.@AmNesty now!
with a doddering old fool RINO in the senate I'd say downfall but Nov. and DJT changed all that!
you need to start supporting your president, you just look contrarian, not a good look
So disappointed to hear you speak so poorly of our Country. Wow and I worked my a$$ off to try to have you elected president!
Did you get that speech & talking points from @POTUS44? I'm embarrassed for you.
You should be in Arizona speaking in front of V.A. hospital. Let Pence handle the world stuff. U work n Arizona
You need to focus on your vets at V.A. not Europe. We are begging you to work in the state that elected you
I wish you worked as hard as you do against Trump for the vets in your home state
Always talking but nothing improves.  John is no longer serving the US.
The "Soft Coup" Continues!
while I support many of your positions your vote for Devos contradict many of them. We all (U) know she's unfit.
-McCAIN ON THE "HEY-LIARy SPEECH CIRCUIT" -IT DOESN'T WORK JOHN -YOU'RE "NOT PRESIDENTIAL MATERIAL"!!!
Very sad trashing the President over in Europe!
You sir, are a traitor speaking against the President in a foreign country.
please no more speaking
John McCain--Thank You for your service--now just please go away as you are currently clueless.
treasonous!
support @POTUS He's only been there 3 wks. You've been there forever! America voted for change!
You were brilliant. Such a relief to be represented by a strong, experienced voice. Thanks for your service.
. You are a disgrace support our #potus!   Prime example of why we need term limits!
Why? So we can listen to you trash President Trump? No thank you!

I THINK YOU DID ENOUGH SPEAKING DURING THE VIETNAM WAR TRAITOR
Senator, you should be ashamed of yourself. You're NOT part of the solution you're part of the problem! #Disgraceful
sen McCain: can you please post your speech so we can watch it?
Heard Ur words + confirm we Germans have exactly the worries U said. Strongly encourage U 2 speak out strongly+ stand united.
- no thank you- I've had enuogh lies and billshit for one day--- you and the lyn media is just more than I want
who authorized you to speak to foreign diplomats on behalf of the USA? You are causing disarray!
THANK YOU For stating what should be obvious to anyone with any common sense.
REALLY Starting to warm up to you.
trump is the best!
Time to retire....
Bravo John. You have earned my undying respect and gratitude.
I appreciate your courage.  I am a liberal Democrat, but I believe we must work together to save our country
please retire. You're a perfect example why term limits should be placed on all senators!
You are one of the biggest challenges, John McCain.Instead of working for the American people you work against us
is threat of a trump dictatorship in your speech? Are you going to speak on traitors in the White House? Hope so
You are in no position to represent the US. You are a Sen from Arizona stay in the Senate and try to do your job.
Dude quite putting our military down, Regardless what ur feelings my be towards POTUS, Military needs 100%support
@poroshenko @AndrzejDuda @BorisJohnson @ianbremmer This is the same man who voted for Pruitt.
John, quit bad mouthing the Trump administration- leave that to the Dems. Trump needs your full support!!!
So you can bad mouth the USA.  How Obama like, so sad
Using a World Conference to attack the POTUS is unforgivable, shameful act. An act of Mediocrity at best.
could you explain what you actually know about the United States
you first.
@SenateGOP Thank-you for your comments. I know a TRUE AMERICAN when I see one. You honor your country. @GOP? Crickets.
He has no respect for you and yet you vote the "line" and it your personal ideals. I and others are severely disappointed.
just like your base sees thru the media it also has eyes wide open to what you are saying & doing right now!
So disappointed in you/your power in the Senate comes from your years in not from the choices you are making now!
Sen McCain, I've always had respect for you but I can't understand why you voted to confirm some of Trumps cabinet appts .
Ss@MunSecConf @poroshenko @AndrzejDuda @BorisJohnson @ianbremmer
Senator McCain, I'd like to thank you for being a republican that is standing up to this new admin.Don't stop!
You have always had my admiration...until now. As an American I don't understand how you can criticize Pres publi
Couldve used your voice in #scottpruitt instead
@poroshenko @AndrzejDuda @BorisJohnson @ianbremmer I voted for you n you shut down n I will never listen to you
Re: missing the Pruitt vote: looks like @SenJohnMcCain is in Munich at the @MunSecConf. Thanks, @B_Liza_beth!
I'll be speaking @MunSecConf shortly on the many challenges facing the United States & Europe - tune-in to the live stream below #MSC2017 https://twitter.com/MunSecConf/status/832625154677170176 …
If you'd focus on DOING your job rather than seeking attn from the press America might be better off!! DO YOUR JOB!!
unfortunately he is doing his job. JOB GEORGE SOROS HAD PAID HIM 2 DO. U still R BETRAYING your fellow countrymen.
Trump's team in disarray, U.S. Senator McCain tells Europe? Really? Could it be bec Senate failing to confirm Cabinet?
and yet you consistently undermine our security by allowing these cabinet nominees an easy ride. So disappointed
In the words of our President, all talk, no action.  Stand up to your fellow Republicans and do something
don't back down john. He's going to get us all killed.
Excellent session. W/re Progress made during last 100 yrs--@BorisJohnson--let's not forget the great human costs.
bretexit
THE BIGGEST CHALLENGE TO WORLD SECURITY IS @realDonaldTrump.
The greatest security challenge today is @potus
rudiculed & criticized Trump on world stage

Grateful UK foreign minister said "Give Trump a chance"
Ok but I wish you were home voting.
@poroshenko @AndrzejDuda @BorisJohnson @ianbremmer Sorry, watching your daughter!!!:)
Enough about Trump.
NOT your place to discuss U.S.& Europe & whatever challenges are being faced. You are a LOWLY senator,so go home.
Why on earth would I be interested in your RINO point of view. You are not POTUS or Sec of State..Just Sen fr/ Az
Please support the POTUS, we need a united party, the Americans voted for these changes. Ted Cruz is positive
Make sure you ignore all the Russian ties.
Debbie, Please try n use your brain. Russia is a distraction. They are manipulating u.
How about finding out about Russian connections in the White House? WE WANT TO KNOW!
Never been a McCain fan until Trump came along.  Trump is crazy and most of the comments on here are too.  Wake up!
No. U R all brainwashed. Russia distraction. Central Bankers real enemy. Yellen refuses to $$ infrastructure
Sir while speaking regarding the challenges in America,how about draft for 100k national guard deployment in USA
.@SenJohnMcCain You/republicans need to stop Admin regardless if draft thought of deploying of 100k to round up any group=UNHINGED
you are paid as a senator to vote and work for the people. Shame on you for missing the Pruitt vote.
Senator, we need your help to keep America truly safe.
: Of all the Republicans I have listened to in the past 45 years you are the only one I would vote for 
shocked you know who you are talking to today?
Please get that nut job out of the White House!!
When are you going to retire, the sooner the better.  Omg
save planned parenthood. Save social security,  save medicaid. SAVE AMERICA
When will you be heading an investigation into POTUS Russian ties? #PutinPuppet
REally? I am losing hope that there r any ppl left in this country that actually think critically.
why did you get the nickname "songbird"?
Will you be speaking about the biggest challenge we face-the lunatic in the White House?
How about protecting our water and air? How about independent investigation on white house ties to Putin?
God Help us! Sheeple so easily distracted from real issues. Please start using your brain.
Get behind @POTUS !!!
how bout them russian investigations.
how bout voting against Pruitt that would be the RIGHT thing to do. Your on the right come on senator
@poroshenko @AndrzejDuda @BorisJohnson @ianbremmer you are a traitor.step over to Dem side of isle
two people care
I hope you vote no on Pruitt country before party McCain
your a liberal pretending to be some kind of rebel.its ok,just admit it.
SWEET

YOU

GET

TO

TOUCH

BONO'S

BUTT
please use whatever influence you may have with GOP to reign in this terrifying debacle djt administration
john do a plea deal or life in prison  ill be posting more dirt on you  lolita island misses you
There is nothing more pressing right now than getting to the bottom of Trump's collusion with Russia. INVESTIGATE
Hope you can convince others that EPA pick is not right. Your input on security needed
@BasedVet you gonna talk about how you gave intel to prank callers #impeach
Main challenge facing US & Europe is the Russian president that's sitting in our WH.
The biggest threat is T-R-U-M-P.  Please discus. #IMPEACHMENT
Please don't be a sheeple and start using your brain.
Let's focus on getting 45 out of the office.  Whaddya say?  If you're a maverick then prove it
When is your town hall McCain?
When will the AZ SOS have an open RECOUNT on this reelection that keeps him meddling IN foreign affairs?
vote no on Scott Pruitt. Seriously don't put a fox in the hen house. Please use common sense
good luck with that! lol
John McCain, I wish you were our president. #ImpeachTrumpNow
you can't be trusted  retire
A little dog with a loud bark but no bite!
no
independent investigation on Trump & Russia. Now.
Who is the "real" enemy? Janet Yellen refuses spending on infrastructure so China jumps in 2 help. Why?
Putin.
Do u always believe whatever u r told 2 believe without question or critical thinking?
bow down to your Russian masters, comrade
The point really is LEAD, FOLLOW or GET OUT OF THE WAY! inaction is obstruction.
Instead of protecting the EPA.
I respect/appreciate everything usacrificed 4 r but this is2  grandstand pls get on team Trump or step
Thank you, Sen. McCain. Downfall or Comeback? Comeback if all who can do what is right, do it every time, asap.
Need Special Prosecuter
When are you going to call for an independent investigation into Trump's connections to Russia?
Marco Rubio already said that they will be launching an investigation into Russia issue
will you answer questions that the executive branch are refusing to answer? Cause that be super.
pls do not back down on Russia. Good to see the Rebel back.
THE ONLY THING YOU SHOULD BE SPEAKING ABOUT IS TREASON FROM THE RUSSIAN COUP
Our biggest challenge is inside the White House. He had a big shit show yesterday. Maybe you caught it.
I did and it was fabulously received by the American people, the people that count.
#sarcasm ?
Acknowledged Sen. John McCain, but I'm sure I've already said Good Morning,now its the same to Meghan.
All you do is talk. Create an independent investigation into our biggest challenge: a treasonous, demented @POTUS
No we got rid of Obama, where have you been? Trump works and doesn't lie.
We are all mostly concerned with the POTUS situation. Its the biggest issue now. #impeachnow
Senator McCain, if there was ever a time this country needs you it's now. Please stand up to this tyrant! Impeach
blow hard rhino. Grow a sense of responsibility and support your party and POTUS.
I'm begging you Senator!  Impeach that abomination!
Hey bud! Independent investigation of Russian influence in the WH, or do you JUST NOT CARE about our safety?
Sending anymore dossiers to #Russia, to try to blackmail OUR @POTUS
Yes he was. He doesn't have enough sense to be embarrassed.
Americans hope you don't continue to "dog" our own country. Can't drain the swamp if the rat's clogging the drain
Be Listening Sir ! Hoooo Raaaaa !!! 
