Soros!
Be a patriot. Demand DJT tell us what his administration is doing to protect our elections. We deserve an answer. The country is waiting.
Do any of your GOP komrades care ... so far @GOP & Trump are ignoring the fact that Russia attacked the US. 

#kompromat
#trumprussia
Just when we need diplomacy the most, why is POTUS suggesting massive cuts at State department?
Because State is a big slush fund and has a big swamp of its own. SHRINK THE SWAMP.  #MAGA
You have no idea what you are talking about.
You don't know me & you don't have clue what I know.   But I do know way more then you #SnowBunny. #DrainTheSwamp
I doubt it.
your talking out the side of your mouth. again. The only people colluding w/Russia are Clintons, Obama admin, & your cronies
Look up the meaning of the word "coup".
To make it clear, I hate both Dems and Reps.  My question is why do you consider Russia to be a "hostile" foreign power?
There is no proof that Russia hacked American elections.  Where is the "hostility"?
And what about hacking into US election? Did that slip your memory?
What exactly was hacked?
Democratic party communications. For starters. But the key is how they weaponized the hacked data an who helped them.
How do you know DNC comms were hacked by anyone? The DNC refused to provide their servers to the FBI. Per Comey testimony.
Senator ? What about our legally elected president? Thats the coup. Recounts, threatining electorates, collusion with Russians? What's next
John,... you rarely have anything worth saying.......retire!
Hope you got a good nights sleep.
Don't #MuddyTheWaters, @SenJohnMcCain! #WeDontLiveInMontenegro! #RussiaHackElection2016, with help, from @realDonaldTrump! #TrumpRussia #ACA
Not sure if @SenJohnMcCain has heard about #RussianMoney (#MoneyLaundering), "...pouring into #TrumpProjects...?" @maddow is #BreakingNews!!
Support our elected President with the same enthusiasm and drive
Knew we could count on you to be reasonable.  Plz be sure #HealthcareBill isn't kept secret from the American people.  You're our only hope!
You of all people that really is in collusion with Russia, Saudi Arabia and other Terrorist groups. You are a traitor. RESIGN!!!
Don't let Cindy's Ambassadorship buy your silence and complicity, please!!!
Can you also pledge to vote no on the secret tax cut bill for the wealthy masquerading as a healthcare bill? This is not our America John.
I hope you speak your truth and advocate for your people, not your party!
When will you be speaking out against dirty politicians taking dirty money from the Soros family, oh wait. Fraud
What about there attempt here
John screw Montenegro.They did it in your front yard.Is that what your all about?Our democracy right here!To achieve power as a Repub? Shame
What about your involvement with attempted coup of the USA? #TraitorMcCain #songbird
And AMERICA
Would you focus on replace/repeal and tax cuts.
Can you promote yourself anymore? Get off your high horse and back our Pres!You started the fight with DJT by calling his supporters names.
My problem with you is that you say one thing but vote the opposite way.  Man up and stop catering to your party when they are wrong.
What is your stance on the healthcare bill & making it public, like it should be? Will you do the right thing & work for your constituents?
Why not worry about #Russia meddling in your own backyard?  #Grampsfindyourpants #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion #peepee tapes
How about ours?
You talk about big game senator, but always end up supporting trump. Please vote no on #ACHA #NoDebateNoVote
Based on everything I've seen looks like ur not on the fence about ahca. So your words mean even less.
Hey McCain... what's in the health care bill?
When are you going to speak about big foots and unicorns?
finally. Grow a pair for once
How about speaking on the Senate floor demanding transparency of the AHCA. Or do you care more about Montenegro than us?
Like what we did in Ukraine?
Just an old cantankerous man who has lost his balance and is falling further to his left each and every single day.

One time hero...now time to enjoy RETIREMENT! They bought cha' !  #Soros #Clinton #McCainInstitute #TeneoGroup
WTF old man??? Your foundation funded by Soros and Clinton donations??? Explains volumes!  Do us a favor and JUST GO AWAY! #Outnumbered
Are you gonna vote no on AHCA?
Nice joke about Russia seeing the health care bill. Does that mean you'll get some balls and vote against it? Or just words again?
Why don't you speak out about the lack of support by Repukicans in the Senate for our President. I guess you are still made he won & u lost
Oh, the irony...
The attempted coup is right under your feet!
Great piece but what u aren't talking about is the mess given to u by the Russian! American institutions are at risk of decline with DT xter
Please do us all a favor and take your senile soros supporting butt home. It isnt late night ball games. Your bitter and senile!!
Hope they arrest you
How  about Russian attack on OUR Country!? Secret Healthcare Bill!? Sir, you disappoint us!! WE VOTE! #VoteForOssoff #VoteNoAHCA
How about you get to work on AHCA and tax reform and stop bullshitting around?
Hope u look good in Orange u will wear it for a short while till ur tried for crimes against America&OUR President u will pay the price
You know, there's a word for a person who complains about something (such as a secret healthcare bill) and does nothing:

Coward.
Dear God Senator, a position for your wife in Trumps admin/WH is NOT worth remaining silent as Trump DESTROYS Everything US has fought for.
You should at least close your remarks with:  "George Soros funded my statement today"
Why don't you "speak on the Senate floor " on Trumps attempted coup of USA's Government & WH????????
What about #Russia 's interference in the democratically elected government of the UNITED STATES, Senator?
Please vote against AHCA. And please try to keep the president from starting a war. You say the right things, sir; please vote the same way.
why u care? did montenegro donate 2 ur institute? seems moneys driving u now sir, please retire 4 the greater good of us all
a old man, relic of the past, now a traitor 2 the country, senator john soros, a sorry excuse 4 a senator 2 say the least, has it n 4 trump
past time 4 him 2 go, we now know hes another Soros puppets, always wondered about this traitor, leave washington while u still have a name
How about sticking up for your fellow vets who will suffer under the #AHCA
Wishful thinking by the chief warmonger? Where is the proof, John? Why not inviting Russia as member of NATO?
Montenegro can wait. ACA repeal on the table. Last chance to take a stand Senator.
Um, hello....over here?  Yes, they kinda did this to the US as well, so could we get some help please?  Thanks. 
Who gives a shit about Montenegro? IT HAPPENED HERE.
Worry about our country rino
George soros has been funding John McCain
John mccain wants war with Russia so bad he can taste it!
How about talking about Russia's successful coup in the US and what you're going to do about it!
How about the Russian election coup right here in the good ol' US of A? Your smirking buddy Sessions is right in thick of it, too.
He says with no irony whatsoever.
So is it true George Soros has donated millions to your Clintonesk type of foundation??  Not to mention other nefarious people.  
Where does Trump stand on Montenegro?
Senator, the President may not know that Montenegro is a sovereign nation!
It's no longer a sovereign nation.  It is a NATO vassal state.  That's why the PM got shoved by Trump.
How about you do something with Lizzie, Chucky, Nancy and Maxine. You are a Republican start working with the president
Whose Head of State Donald Trump rudely pushed out of the way...
Why not speak on the floor about the new healthcare bill ? I'd rather hear the details of that
What we want to hear is you publicly say you won't vote for an AHCA bill created in darkness w/malice. Why won't you protect the vulnerable?
It's shameful & disrespectful how you treated Kamala Harris repeatedly, no one cares that you're speaking.
You shoulda spoke out when POTUS shoved the Prime Minister of Montenegro.
Really sick of Russia Russia Russia..how about supporting POTUS and passing healthcare & tax reform & investigate HRC, Lynch, Rice ...
Let me guess....you're troubled by it? Save your words. Action, and action alone is what matters. #HealthcareBill #NoBillNoVote
Said the man who paid Al Nusra to "hack" the Syrian elections.  I used to ask how do you sleep at night then I realized...you're soulless.
BTW ...Senator...you will NEVER be President.  Outside of your family and your wife @LindseyGrahamSC very few people would vote for you.
I would much rather see you fighting to save & or improve the ACA!
You have no moral authority to speak about coups, since you so much looove to have other democratically elected governments overthrown.
You mean the country who's President was shoved by #ComradePresident last month?
Could you please try to care about Russia controlling the guy in our White House and the dismantling of our Democracy? Thanks
They elected Donny the liar Trump with propaganda. Help us here as well.
I would like to know if your republican or democrat
It's over with already. Try harder  next time. It was the  democrats watch
Hope you don't fall asleep.
My father was in the Military for 30 years. He fought in Korea for 2 years. He would be appalled as to what is going on in our government.
However... you don't speak about their successful interference here @SenJohnMcCain
What about you ,dems and Rinos trying to take our President down with all your bs????
How about you do something about the secret health bill travesty your party is undemocratically perpetrating?
How about USA
No kidding, what about the USA?
I think you misspelled U.S.

But what about the local coup that disastrously resulted in the election of a D list reality tv celebrity to our nation's highest office?
And what about America?  Does anyone in the GOP give a crap about our democracy?
Speak about securing health care for Americans!
Great, Senator. But please pay some attention to what's happening in our own country.  It's kind-of about Russia, too.
What about its coup of our election?  And if yr upset at the 'Stealthcare' bill process. Here's a novel idea, don't just complain, Vote no!
Would you do more about Russia hacking our democracy if your wife wasn't working for the Trump/Putin Regime? #Kleptocracy #Investigate
Thank you Senator.
You are the poster child in favor of term limits. #retirenow #grumpyoldman #wasteofspace
Hey @SenJohnMcCain, I have great news for you! You have the power as a *Senator* to force an open process for #AHCA if you want one.
You have been a proud independent member of the Senate for a number of decades. Don't be part of this joke of a health care vote. Stand Tall
Yep, just Montenegro... 
Still, you endorsed Trump.
Lost my respect, there and then.
I think you spelled the country that Russia attacked wrong, it's UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
Isnt the coup of our gov more important
And attempting to rig US elections???
How about if you speak about the healthcare bill and demand to see it #traitor #babykiller
Good are you going to call out @potus for his lack of concern or are you going to cave?
Thank you. Also: We need less talk and more ACTION. America needs you to fight for democracy & healthcare.
It would be nice if you spoke against Russia's hacking of US elections.   Stand up for America Senator!
What about actually doing something about Russian influence in the WH?
Senator McCain, your voice will be well served if you speak on the floor to ask Mr. Mitch McConnell to show Americans the Trumpcare bill.
It wasn't "attempted". It was accomplished.  Speak about that. Or haven't you noticed?
Try not to shove their Prime Minister like djt did...
Great. When will you speak on repealing Obamacare...you know, the stuff WE voted for.
You are already old, but do not you pity the young who will burn in nuclear fire because of your anger?
Why not what Russia did to us?
the sake of this country. We CAN survive whatever befells Trump due to his own supposed involvement re Russia. We may not survive HIM if not
Great. And about the coup going on here?  The perp is still sitting in the Oval Office.
They kinda screwed around with our election too. Let's not forget about that.
you are a true patriot and deeply care about this country.  PLEASE do what you can as a Senator to get to the bottom of Trump's madness for
How about speaking about Russia's attempted coup of us?
Which "coup" was that?
Sir. With all due respect, you are there on the frontlines and see how Trump seemingly doesn't care about anything Russia related. I know
Yippee..........who cares ??????
When you finish this useless speech do something useful and speak about healthcare and the need to have a debate.
How about their attack on the US? You r getting too old for this job.
Didn't have much to say about ours though. You're a sell out McCain. Time to retire and let someone do what you won't. Work for us, not you.
Nothing about their efforts during our election?  Such a Maverick!
Why don't you speak instead on Russia's Coup of Democracy by giving Trump the Presidency since you are a U.S. SENATOR! Not working for them!
@senJohnMcCain Don't forget to mention the Dems' attempted coup of the democratically elected U.S. Govt. But maybe you hadn't noticed.
Senator, can you name the last "conflict" you DIDN'T think we could make better by sending in the "troops"?
heh...in fact...name me the last conflict we DID make better by sending in the troops!
While you're at it...speak about the successful coup of America's democratically elected government.
Meanwhile the House stonewalls on Russia hacking US elections. Our government in action.
OR Our government inaction.
Great. Trump still has doubts about #Russia known interference here according to @PressSec -perhaps you could have a word with him too...
Ah, so that's why Trump shoved Montenegro's PM - he was just passing on a 'greeting' from his pal Putin.
How about the good ole' US of A?
Talk about your beloved America John.
We don't care what you say old man. We care that the FBI is investigating all you Russian shitbags for treason
Senator. You're also putting down this nonsense healthcare repeal travesty too, right?
You don't actually think @POTUS knew who that was, did you? Or that Montenegro isn't a black guy. Dude's not real big on geography.
And they got away with it no consequences
You should blame Obama 4 allowing Putin 2 erect his former USSR again Senator ..
Yeah "attempted" and "Montenegro". How about the "successful" coup....
Is this where you get all upset about it but then not do anything?
We need to reveal ALL the hacking so people understand & know the huge impact it could effect our country! Make it public!
Thank U SIR!!! OOORAHHH
So why are you voting for that #horrible bill?  #ShowUsTheBill
