I'm saddened you lied to your constituents and betrayed our trust.
Jack your reply to the Senator obviously showed your ignorance and inability to see he was helping people who need health insurance.
He did it for a day of positive press, and worse, lied.  But, hey, Obamacare is awesome!  Keep your doctor, reduce premiums ... all lies.
snake!
What does that make you
Resign. Enjoy your time with your grand kids!!!
He's from Arkansas you Bombastic loudmouth
I'm sad that you are a traitor and Obamacare stills the law of the land because of your 
If he's a traitor what the hell is Donald Trump that's s knee slapper right there!!!!######
Trump if doing what he promised to do, but senators like McCain are not helping and going against their own promises, that's the case
Thank God for senators like John McCain, because atleast he's not going against our constitution or America! I'm not Republican or Democrat
50 million people will not morn your passing .. consider that
Umm... he was born in Arkansas, died in Tennessee. Pretty sure he wasn't from Arizona.
Oh... he lived in AZ once.... I lived in Oregon once... doesnt make me an Oregonian... SMH
He lived there 2 decades, I think he can be called an Arizonan...ass
Mr. Campbell lived in AZ for about 20 years... Only a quarter of his life...
Yeah, that's a long time.  Being part of the community for that long kind of makes it safe, doesn't mean he wasn't something else as well
He will be missed!
You are a true american hero sir
and thank you for continuing to be a true american soldier
Fun memories of my father singing Glen Cambell songs, he left us all with irreplaceable memories.
Go away and leave us alone. #MAGA!
You suck trader! I don't need 145 characters to describe your DA. I once thought you were a patriot, not anymore. Simple career politician!
Which one was he, Arizonan on Arkansan? @SenJohnMcCain @billclinton #GlenCampbell
hope you get to see him soon.....like rlly rlly soon....you r killin us here mr magoo
Yes he was a great American unlike You!
A great man fights for those who cannot fight for themselves- are you a great man Senator?
I presume you mean uses govt to fight and steal from others ?  If you care then pay for it yourself
WHY ARE YOU FIGHTING OUR ELECTED #Potus? GET ON BOARD OR GET OUT! You are the argument for #term limits.
Too bad guys like Karl have to be j*rks when Sen McCain made such a kind tweet about Mr Campbell.
Healthcare you old fool Healthcare
Agreed, Senator. Glen Campbell was an American institution for music. He shall be greatly missed.
He probably had Obama care. You jerk.
Yeah your right behind him commie
For the record, It is 1,306 miles from Delight, Arkansas to Phoenix, Az.

The american people wont be saddened by ur retirement at all though! Take u and ur girlfriend lindsey graham and go retire!
I voted for you in 2008 but now your just a thorn in the GOP's side.
Attention John McCain, Glen Cambell is not an Arizonian, he was born in Arkansas.
What a great singer he was... Praying for your full recovery Senator McCain !
Nice John... Now Get something DONE & stop Obstructing
Yes I agree but we the people do not agree with your Constant disagreement with our president!
A Legend!!!!
Hey john, what happened to bomb, bomb, bomb, Iran. Sorry john you can't bomb trump.

Obama told you after winning the presidency, I won you lost.Wish President Trump would tell you the same.Start working for this county.
Saddened by the loss of the decent human that I thought john McCain was. Pretended to be a great Arizonan, let his ego destroy him...SAD DAY
Youve become an albatross to the party... Retire
U voted 4 Dem bills 32% of time, to keep Obamacare, 100+ no votes. voted 4 nafta & many Obama bills.  U love the media camera. Showboater.
@MeghanMcCain still on social media liking daddy tweets, but you were going to take a break after daddy's unpopular vote. Ok, I get it lol
You need to support our President!
He was an Arkansan, and we loved him.
Go suck an egg, McCain. Don't ruin this great American's passing. No one needs to hear your sorrows, you low-life SOB.
Retire psychopath

"I am a lineman for the county!!"
Beautiful song. Beautiful voice. Good man. 
Need more research for a cure for Alzheimer's disease!
How many children did you kill in Vietnam? And as in Libya, Iraq, Serbia? You have long been waiting for the devils in hell.
McCain: Have you thought about what your legacy will be now that you've once again shown your traitorous side!? YOU STINKING RINO! #MAGA 
I'm glad you are NOT my Sen. Your criticisms of the President's stern words for N Korean sound like a Sen from the DNC side of the aisle.
I'm saddened we're on a hellride to World War III! REMOVE THAT 
JACKASSS!



MAKE YOUR LAST VOTE - THE "STAB IN THE BACK" OBAMACARE REPEAL VOTE !! 
A TRAITOR SHOULD GO OUT IN A "BLAZE OF DISHONOR" !! 
SONGBIRD POS !!
Rhinestone Cowboy and acted with John Wayne!!!!
Arkansas first!
RIP Rhinestone Cowboy. #waterswave
Retire....Now please. Enjoy every minute with family not Mitch McConnell.
Take a que from ole Glen and GET ON WITH IT
The news didn't mention his Great acting role in TRUE GRIT with John Wayne. 
Wonderful man.
A great guitar player !
Saddened by your healthcare vote and lack of conservative ideals.
Wichita Lineman gets me every time. #RIPglencampbell
@Morning_Joe uh really? That's  AR As IN Arkansas...geez
War hero McCain betrayed his constituents.  Guess Washington eroded his moral compass.  He is just another swamp creature.  MAGA
I wanna know why u always not respecting the people who choose this president and I'm one of so many... ur comments not encouraging at all
Detailed Account Of John ‘SONGBIRD’ McCain’s Vietnam POW Cover-Up
SOROS FUNDED Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, John McCain, John Kasich, Lindsey Graham in 2016!
Funny you should use the word "memories" since that's precisely what he lost.
Rip lineman. 
He was born in Arkansas

Glenn was from Delight, Arkansas just outside Hope where Bill came from but, that's close enough, John...


John McCain is a real gentleman.
John I believe he was from Delight Arkansas
He was a wife beater McCain. Ask Tanya Tucker
I give thanks to God for my parents and their  culture...they had not money...but a wonderful thought and sentimental souls.
Glen was the best. Your the worst
I am saddened by your betrayal of America when you let your feelings get in the way of Obamacare repeal and replace, disgusted.
lovers of the good music! The artists have not Countries... they are part of the World! Because The Music and The Art are Universal.
Thanks for your note! He was so talented! How are you doing Senator? Thinking of and saying prayers for you.
Yes, Mr. John McCain! Glenn Campbell is a great singer of all the times! And I write is... because he will live forever, in all the hearts
If you get the opportunity to view the documentary I'll be me' I suggest you see it.
Nice thoughts.
Where do your aids have all this free time for tweeting this bull crap? Concentrate on the issues instead
Sissy,U young people better wise up and let the man do his job.Oh and McCain is a has been and a traitor.
You attack our POTUS during NK crisis, giving aid to comfort to the enemy.  Resign, traitor.
Not the greatest thing to say about a man who had Alzheimer's
I think you're getting confused with things said about Campbell and things said about McCain.
When are you going to support my President? Why are you still republican you back stabber
Indeed, me too. Perhaps his greatest gift was how he faced his final years with the most dignity possible. God speed, Glenn Campbell
Nothing anyone will write about you... hope cancer wins!
trump's threatening rhetoric towards North Korea is horrifying. You MUST impeach him before he gets us all killed. He is NUTS
You are out of touch with reality. How do you feel about Kim Jong Un's words? How did you feel about Obama's "Red Line" words.
Get well soon. We love you Senator for all great work you have done so far. We need you in capital hill.
Maybe he would of lived if he wasn't forced to have Obamacare. No thanks to you!!
Please comment on North Korea; people are worried.
I'm sad too but you need to get busy saving us from trump and his insanity!  NK provocation is downright criminal.
Amazing! U give condolences to people who die & the first to criticize our good President God put in office. Your hatred & (jealousy)? for
Him is disgusting. Your evil criticisms of him r pathetic. God is with him. U will NOT put him out of office. Your behavior will hurt only u
Tell Trump to chill the hell out!
Please #25Amendment
@LindseyGrahamSC Gentlemen, are you Honored military vets going to let #Buffoon45 DESTROY AMERICA? The GOP MUST IMPEACH before its to late!
Great singer. "Adios" Glen, RIP!
Senator, we appreciate your words but we're in the brink of war please speak up!

You are the one responsible for the defeat of the Republicans in 2018.
Like a Rhinestone Cowboy
I believe he was born in Arkansas
Love Glen too.  There was some other news today too, Mav.
Love Glen Campbell. Played his Wichita Lineman album over and over. He was the best.
Glen Campbell was a good ole boy
Arkansas born and raised. Beloved by the world.
MAY HE BE IN LORDS EMBRACE FOR ETERNITY GOD BLESS HIS SOUL,
@PrincessBravato RIP Glenn Campbell. Thanks to your humor and genius which brightened many dark days.
And he was a lineman for the county....
First song that came to mind. Have a vivid memory of being in a car with my dad and singing along to the radio when this came on
I grew up watching his tv show. Great musician who will be missed. 
@Morning_Joe as a young person growing up in Arizona we used to go by his house and take friends and say that's G C's house.
Legend RIP Sir
So many hits that I loved. Golden voice. Loved his TV show. He kept going as long as he could. Brave. RIP. #Glenncampbell
.@SenJohnMcCain saddened to hear you have not issued IMPEACHMENT proceedings after #45s rant today.
#Resign McCain
RIP xxx
Are you also saddened that the current occupant is now threatening nuclear war?
U senators need to get trump the hell out of Washington-U all work for the Americans! Do ur jobs! Get him OUT NOW!! He's insane & dangerous
hopefully he hadn't lost his healthcare because of Obamacare like I did. I'm sure you still have yours also.
RIP Glen, and you Senator, hang in there. with your health. I'd like to see you on the same page as Mattis and Tillerson.
And Arkansan.
Hope you're doing well Mr. McCain.
 yes, indeed . . . great singer . . . RIP Mr Campbell

Hopefully you're next. That at you will leave our president alone
Senator McCain please save us from this madman!!! He's put every last American in harms way!
I'm officially scared shitless
Try not watching CNN then.
He was a good singer - you will see him again soon!!
I hope you are feeling better Mr. McCain.
Forget musicians...save us from Trump!  Good God, man, are you unaware of what is happening today?
He is aware and has spoken out on the issue.
@cnni #GlennCampbell
SAD to hear Glen Campbell has passed away.
May he RIP Always and Forever... "God Bless Glen
Campbell..."
N. KOREA WARNS OF OPERATION ON SIGNS OF U.S. PROVOCATION: KCNA

N. KOREA SAYS U.S. WAR HYSTERIA TO BRING MISERABLE END: KCNA
He was agreat guitar player and singer.
Just glad he is at peace....before the bombs start annihilating us all.
Glad I'm 70, I've lived a good life. But the babies...oh the babies.
You are a true gentlemen Senator.. I hope you are doing well through your treatment. <3 This Democrat appreciates you sir!
All democrats appreciate this windbag. Senator songbird
time for the Congress to come together and to put a stop to this madman before thousands of innocent people lose their lives STOP TRUMP NOW
Sure, we'll just sit back & let North Korea bomb the hell out of us with nukes given 2 them by President Clinton.   Sounds like a plan 2 me.
he was a drunk
Loved him
@foxnews @seanhannity McCain being a warmonger wanted @realDonaldTrump to be so tough on Russia, but not on NKorea? What a hypocrite!
So Johnny, you are saying he was everything, you are not

 @GlenCampbell 

...  We say a little  prayer for you. 

…
He didn't betray his country in Vietnam, either. To bad the goid guys are dying and traitors, like yourself live on.
Sad but you need to speak up about Trumps N. Korea bating!
