you’re a true American hero sir.  You earned that medal!!!
Or may b bought it..
Seriously? he’s a dying man, a veteran, a POW. He’s served his state and country his whole life. Politics aside he’s a hero.
Well I respect his service but that pardon for treason n c
Doing lots of evil things..these days in jealousy...
evil things like what?
He has a list of treason ACTS....also working for SOROS who hate AMerica..and its people...
maybe he thought he could talk 2 them? Im a dem but I dont think a man who spent years as a POW would purposely commit treason
nope...he was pardon for his treason acts...well I am no one to Judge...just he dont deserve HEROISM award...let him go away peacefully.!!
What a sad, disgusting way to end your career.
you don't know what humble is
You need to retire. We've had it with your antics. Biden? Biden!?!? There's another fool.
You’re just the go to “republican” when the media needs a “republican” to talk shit about other republicans. Just switch parties already.
Humility & amazing grace, courage, tenacity & exceptional service to America. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts. You @DefineAmerican

So humbled you have to tell everybody about it
Honor?
You got that medal for opposing our President.
Bottom line.
If you are truly humbled you wouldn’t be promoting it all over Twitter. Ther is no conceit in your family because you took it all!
You haven't received everything you've earned...be patient.
Why do they call you #SONGBIRD
Congratulations on the award you so deserve, for a lifetime of service to our country.
Aha, quite a "service"... you should pull your head out of the sand sometime:

It obviously has no value if they gave it to you for any even small moment of you career.
The Biggest Liar award & Anti American Award
McCain-
It’s really sad your petty feud with Trump has turned you against your constituents
Are you inviting your friends to the celebration party? 
Putin bot, go back to your dimly lit rotten egg smelling kremlin domain to await further instructions.
Of course comrade, I'll do whatever you please . Sheep... But before that:
Mother Russia approves of your meme and loves watching DJT act like a #fuckingmoron. #TrumpLiedAnd4Died #narcissisticpersonalitydisorder
Oops..
When do you receive your Honorary Traitor medal?
Joke of the day: McNasty is humbled. Creep.
The dems and liberal MSM are crazy about you...conservatives only have contempt for you. @SenJohnMcCain @ConstitutionCtr @JoeBiden
All the awards in the world will not erase the fact that you were pardoned for being a traitor. #Nixon #SongBirdMcCain
Replying to @SenJohnMcCain @ConstitutionCtr @JoeBiden Dear #InsaneMccain & #CreepyClinton, you're the problem. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-06/dear-senator-mccain-you-hillary-are-problem …
Send Hillary back the money she gave you to thwart the Trump presidency!
#JudasMcCain  We the ppl will not forget ur treason.
Was that the Quid Pro Quo for voting to keep Obamacare? A F’ing medal?
Stop shitting on the American People! You should have never received any award living off the backs of hard working Americans! Disgraceful
American #TRAITOR
Democrats best friend award 
#BipartisanRocks for the best interest of all citizens.
#cult45 again enamors us with their thought provoking, original cult-speak. Go tell it to your #orangejimjones
The cult is the Neocons
Great speech

So did putin draw that all by himself or did you copy it from some chronic masturbating dipshit's porno/conspiracy Reddit discussion?
What is your source? #NeoMcCarthyism
My friend Joe Biden. That pretty much sums it up, folks.
LIAR.
You mean- Friend and
 fellow Democrat 
Did Joe diddle any children while he presented you with this “medal”? Also did you songbird again to receive this “medal”?
I’m glad your previous & current actions are coming out so that you will not go down in history as the American hero you want us to believe.
Sorry but even your admiral daddy can’t save you this time. When the truth is finally out America will be better off. Hope youre here for it
Lizard Licking POS!
BARF! Biden is a liberal obstructionist!  You should know that unless you're in accord with liberal policies.
Well deserved.
McCain...how do u sleep @ night ? Hero in your own mind
You have a lot to be humble about John.
Need an update on that tumor.
Ouch....
#JohnMcCain is a true American hero!
.@SenJohnMcCain You became my favorite person in the world this year!  #JohnMcCain
Bravo Zulu John, Thank you again for all your sacrifices. Well deserved award to you Sir. I salute you.
You are a embarrassment to your party and a traitor to your constituents. How do you live with yourself
You do not deserve to be called a patriot of this wonderful country.
We stand with @realDonaldTrump not  u songbird !
How many people have you voted to kill as senator
It is our honor you were given the #LibertyMedal .  May God Always Bless You.
Ironic that you of all people would get a #Libertymedal. #USSLIBERTY
Dude you should retire.  You made a complete fool out of yourself today with the hate speech.  Go and enjoy what time you have left.
Thank you for your service and devotion to this country, sir.  You are a patriot.

Sincerely,
A Grateful American
Sorry, Senator. If you're truly humble, talk to us honestly about your years as a POW. Do it while there is still time.
Stick it #Rino
Sorry, Senator, if you're truly humble, you'll talk honestly about your years as a POW. Do it now while you still have time.
You better love our President
Sen., you're a traitor to the U.S.A. and an embarrassment...
The only medal that should be hanging around his neck should be a Boat anchor!!!
Oh snap...no you didn't lololol
LMAO... yea I did!!!
You sure did!!! High Five lolololol

Retire and go away with what dignity you have left....That fake Russia Dossier you paid for will be the END
Thanks for your service Senator.  Proud of you,  America's TRUE SON.
Not humble. Vindictive
PLEASE don't support the #GOPTaxPlan.
I'm proud of you and all you've done for our country. 
You're the BEST SENATOR MCCAIN
Really disgraceful. Small vindictive man.
Congratulations again senator McCain our country's Hero  and Love Americans
Joe and John two friends Republican senator and Democratic vice president two of the good guys no bull or lies both working for America 
Based on who’s recommendation? I mean the American people overwhelmingly think you suck and not worth a McDonalds happy meal.
U so earned that n merit the presidential medal of freedom..u lion heart u..stay well n strong...i need your wisdom n clarity n voice
Love ya !! Beat the hell out of this cancer please... whatever side you’re on... at least you keep it honest .. America  needs you 
It has always been all about you. You could care less about America and its citizens.
Congratulations, Senator.  You are most deserving!  Thanks for your lifelong service.
I’ll give you an award if you retire already! Please!!!
Snowflake
#Traitor 
#FakeNews #Dossier
Congrats - now would you retire please?
You deserve that and more Sir. Thank you for all you’ve done. Please continue to safeguard our country from these despots.
Thank you for your service, sir. Truly appreciated your speech yesterday.
Sickening. You are everything wrong with Washington. Just a bunch of rich fat cat elites. Thank God u will be gone soon, one way or another.
Such a bitter old man please retire
#TraitorMcCain you deserve the medal of #traitors
McCain you suck, and your buddy too, pathetic, patting each other on the back, pinning on medals, and screeching your globalist bullshit!
Well Deserved. Great American patriot. Long live senator McCain
Please become a republican again or retire. I wish you nothing but  good health though. Thanks.
Will never vote for u again!
Senator, before you ho can you please do a patriotic thing, and speak out about how large campaign donors are corrupting Congress?
You odious little man.
You are a true hero for all Americans who believe in the constitutionThank You
You deserve Sir!!!!
RETIRE YOU RINO
John McCain believe God,think of going to heaven
Not Corruption
God is proving you
God is proving your supporters
God is proving your voters
God Bless you John McCain!!!!!!Keep up the GREAT WORK YOU DO!!!!! And KEEP UP THE GOOD FIGHT.
I am sick of you and your elk . Our country is more important than you old man. Go home. You are disgracing yourself.
Time to die, old man
John ah John, crazy world we're in ha? #Warmongers #war #lordsofwar
Just shows how corrupt the system is McCain gets an award like this.
Me me me

I congratulate you and please, keep on your resolute and stamina doing what is right. Thank you from PR!
Congratulations Senator and thank you for your years of service.
You and yours will go straight to hell. Your souls will know nothing but eternal damnation for all the wars and lives you detroyed.
For your sake I hope that fiction you believe in from the bible is true. no mercy for you.
Thank You Sir!
Sen McCain I haven't always agreed with u but u have served ur country well in every capacity U deserve that honor and more U will be missed
will you finally switch parties now?
Get ready for some nasty tweets from Commodore Lardass Johnny.

Just retire McPain, you have done very little good, you are an insult to veterans being head of VA in senate and providing horrible care.
Good democrat McShame.
You don't deserve it! You're a traitor to the folks who voted for and trusted you to keep your promises!
John you are my hero. God bless.
Receiving ANYTHING from Joe Biden is nothing to be proud of.
Get over yourself
McCain team members
Once a trader.. Always a trader.
You're a war monger McCain. Thousands are dead because of you. You don't deserve anything but that tumor.
You should get the traitor award for many reasons
@SenJohnMcCain you deserve it. And your speech was so needed for such a time like this. I hope the people really heard you.
I am proud to know you, Senator McCain. You're a good man.
I see the treatments aren’t working.

#LibertyMedal #Traitor #WeThePeople #MAGA #USA
Sies!
You deserve it sir !!
Didn’t you help the US get involved in more senseless wars where tens of thousands died as a result?
Thank you for your service senator
I have voters remorse. Stop resisting you rino.
What in the hell is that & why would Biden give it to him? McCain is INSANE & should be put in a home!
McCain you sure aren’t getting any rewards from the GOP Party I’d like to find the knife that you keep on stabbing GOP in the back with
.....senator,  you should not feel humbled by the award.....rather, the award has been elevated in stature by your acceptance of it
please retire-your speech was incoherent as usual and your hatred for POTUS well documented- any legacy you had is crumbling-RINO
You are a liar and a fraud. You campaigned on repealing obamacare.
You should be ashamed.  Hero to Traitor.
@POTUS Treasure a medal from Biden but can't find it in your heart to support your Party, your President and ultimately your Country? Quit.
Retire
Your friend Joe Biden, your a Democrat, please step down, your useless to our party.
Retire
Congratulations Senator McCain on this lifetime achievement that is so well deserved.  Thank you for your service to America!
@vet4democracy @ConstitutionCtr @JoeBiden    Well deserved 
Lame.
JFC.  The use of “humbled to...” in cases where it’s clearly “proud to...” is the worst.  Everyone stop.
Your friend good old creepy Uncle Joe
The only thing you deserve, John McCain, is a swift kick in the pants.
Do you represent anyone's cause but your own?
And the great game of ‘Pin the tail on the donkey’ continues, nobody cares! You can give yourselves as many meaningless medals as you like!
Ok good. Now retire.
Your nothing but a traitor
Trump looks like Nostradamus again! He was spot on when he said McCain was no hero! Just retire already John! You're an embarrassing a-hole!
This is as funny as odumbass getting the Nobel peace prize!  LOL  What did you have to pay for this "medal'?
You're a two time traitor and a political hack. With "Republicans" like you, who needs a Democrat.
#LibertyMedal wasted on a fool.
Traitor
You do not deserve it Judas! You should resign immediately or change political parties
From all of us broke and dying on your dog crap Healthcare tax, respectfully. drop dead
John you are a National Hero to the ppl of USA. Thank you for all your years of service. You are a true Maverick.
There is NOTHING wrong with Economic Nationalism.
You Globalists Raped our Citizens for your own
Wealth & Power. GO AWAY, JUST GO AWAY.

Your friend, Biden
Your ARMS DEALS buddy
ARSENAL in Bulgaria 
Hey Songbird, you're a liar.
Thank you for your patriotism and great space yesterday

All the best
you rather deserved this 
The actual side of the aisle you should be on is with your buddy Joe
Why? Why are you getting a medal? Because you traded your Honor for #money?
Loved the speech. Keep speaking out. We need you.
Thank you for all you have done, and all you continue to do for our nation, Sir.
so happy for u congratulations
Its sad that you don't know when your being punked by a punk
#TRAITOR
Lol pay off for kissing dems ass he is the least likely to receive this award there is not a war this warmonger doesn't love. Dip even armed ISIS
Congratulations! You've served your country well. The republican party use to be a party I could support Today not so. we need more of U
