I am a Nevadian appealing to our administration who have shown great honor.  That is You.  Please help me understand Paris Climate decision.
The GOP is waging all out war on women's rights through cherry picking services covered by insurance. Do you agree with this action?
What do you plan to do to save our country from Russian takeover ?  Please be specific no BS.
How can our country regain position within international community now that POTUS has lost our country so much respect?
And I will be broadcasting on Saturday from Moscow on Russian TV. Watch out McCain.
Will you be America's Hero once again by organizing Republicans to Impeach then remove Trump from office ?
I have one. When will you put your country before your party?
I would like to thank you for being one of the 20 most fair Democrats I've ever seen!
we're tired of hearing the same bullshit from the same @GOP hypocrites.  They dont seem to care at all about the nation or constitution.
Mr. C.,
WILL U please stop going back 2 the past M4 THIS POTUS N U R NOT 
What steps are you taking to ensure future generations have a habitable planet to live on?
When are republican's going to start acting like Americans? You're a hero, but your finest hour may be at this very moment in time.
What will you do to stop US involvement in futile foreign interventions such as Afghanistan where after 16 years, US hasn't gained anything
Do us a favor senator stay out of the country because you are no help to the Republican Party you've become a hindrance to us
Can we send Potus there so he can experience the same treatment you got when you were a POW? #thanksforyouservice
Would you consider staying there?
Love to hear your thoughts on un-punishing the Russians for screwing with our elections.
Do you support Term Limits??? RINOS
Do we have any chance of regaining any of the world respect the US is currently hemorrhaging under Trump?
Why don't you stay there? You lacked courage to fight the war and made us loose the war. @GOP @realDonaldTrump @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee
Senator- Do you feel it is your moral obligation to stop Russian meddling and dangerous policies Trump is enacting? Actions you will take.
Will you allow Trump to return Mansions to Russians ?
do you have any possible justification for @POTUS moving to return compounds to the Russians?
Az gov. just made it difficult for citizens to put initiatives on the ballot. Do you agree with this?
Senator- part of your duty to our state is to have town halls. When will you have one , in person? Even Flake had one and he's a wimp
Az drinking water is toxic. What is being done to change that and care about citizen's health
Senator-what will you specifically do to change the embarrassing fact that Az teachers are dead last in teacher pay. Respect teachers
why are you so against AMERICA?
Hon Sen McC: what can we learn from 'Nam's rebuild that can apply to 'Stans, Kuwait, Iraq? US role? EU role? & Thx 4 yr service 2 USA, sir.
What are you doing in the Senate to stop the flow of illegal immigration? Will congress consider adding a border wall to the budget?
I've called you VA help line for months. Always goes to voicemail and it's full. The Phoenix VA is a hell hole, what are you doing to fix it
LIKE JEWISH PEOPLE GOING TO PARTY AT AUCHWITZ?   A GI WANTING TO GO HOB KNOB WITH THE JAPS ON THE BATTEN DEATH MARCH??  BIZARRE!
No thank you. Have heard more than enough of your disparaging comments against the rep party and leadership including the POTUS
Must seek approval from dod,DNS,doe ,transportation etc . Otherwise they will kill us all .screw the environment if we are dead if attacked
Now NY and Ca. Are going a head with this . We have bases in cs and our financial market in New York . States interest in climate
Russia has partnered with China and India for defense and technology
British airways was shut down for a whole day allegedly because india had a black out . It don't think it was an accident.
Is this true ? Implications are astounding
British airways could fly they were shut down,British and Indian papers blamed a blackout in India,I'm making the assumption it was purpose
Nuclear reactors ,,hospitals and financial markets
China will be able to control our electrical grids ,putting at risk defense systems ,government operations ,aviation ,transportation ,dam
Climate accord,jeopardizes our national security ,China is spilling windmills and solar panels . China ,Russia India,Iran has hijacked.
Q? How are the Vietnamese addressing #climatechange ? What do they think about the #ParisAgreement ?
RUSSIA
Why do you leave the country for EVERY recess?! Cuz nothing going on here that needs your attention? Running from #TrumpRussia #impeach
Help us now. PLEASE. Be the hero we know you are. PLEASE take the wheel of this beautiful country and steer us to safety.
I hope your constituents ask you why you spend so much time abroad and so little time representing THEIR needs in AZ and Washington.
See, @GOP THIS is how it's done. Stop dodging your town halls and making excuses about your absence
Here's my question Senator McCain; Q. Is There Anything America Can Do To Further Help In The Healing From The Horrors Of War ?  Thank You
Is there a way to beat Asad without US invasion in Syria? Can you put the US back into the diplomatic game? Syria is urgent, and you know it
What are you doing there? Undermining @POTUS ? You're more than welcome to stay there.
When will you lead the Republican party back to sanity instead of just giving lip service to the deep seated xenophobia that now defines it?
Do you remember what is what like to be a returning soldier and how much you needed the support of govt & their fulfillment of promises?
I beg you to actually do something about Trump.  We all know this is an abomination!
Why would Russia want to elect a US Pres. who wants strong US military, wants businesses to return or tariffs, economic health & prosperity?
Why aren't you in DC supporting this Pres and his agenda?  You are a Republican or did u go Democrat in January?  Shape up!
Support potus or retire. You're not president, you lost, now make ur self useful instead of trying to fight your own party. Or.. retire
you did know you could meet w/ your own constituents in your own country didn't you? Congress goes on recess & u leave cntry?
No thank you! Why don't you start doing your job domestically for a change by SUPPORTING our President and passing some bills in the Senate?
How is that repeal and replace bill coming along?  AZ premiums up 190% while you travel on our dime.
Are you going to aggressively push a bill to block the easing of Russian sanctions in response to today's Russian espionage properties news?
Out of country so no votes no work for the people. Priority seems to be not one of your strengths. Ask veterans
Be bigger than the other GOPs, you need to have face to face town halls.  Facebook town halls limit voices--which is why they are used.
You've really got to stop pretending it's business as usual, John.
Oh Johnny ! Kinda really need your voice at home.... Shit is running amuck !
Sorry you feel being abroad is more important than protecting Arizona.. and fighting for a Health Care option that actually works/ budget !!
When are you going to have the Goldwater/Nixon meeting with President Trumpsky?
Has Vietnam experienced Climate change.. and if so.. How.. Also their feeling about Paris Climate Agreement.. Thanks
why are you all so afraid to stand up to Trump he is destroying our Country
As a fellow Vietnam veteran, I once respected you. That respect is gone as you have not denounced Trump, and his deplorable actions.
Good Thursday, Sen John McCain of ARIZONA; mailing (Armed Services) Donations today to both American Legion; Tullsa,OK and USO Washington DC
This is really something, the western branding and garment industry are experiencing a boom..will you be visiting the museum? I hope so.
What's more important? Allowing innocent people perish in the seas or giving them #SafePassages & #Resettlement opportunities? Ask @POTUS
Time to improve the ACA, not replace it.
Where's America's Big Fat Door for #Refugees? Looked Everywhere/Not found/got lost. Pls send the coordinates over here. It's urgent, u know.
#Rino
Why do you not back your POTUS TRUMP? You back stab him every chance you get! I really don't think you will answer this.
Disappointed in the way you treat our Pres count me out.
Sigh.  I know you're from AZ, but it's Daylight savings time, Senator.  EDT/PDT.
I'm sure your constituents really appreciate your lame attempt to represent them
I'll be so happy when you are arrested
You are the poster for the need for TERM LIMITS. Go away!
not the same as a real town hall, constituents will know and vote accordingly.
Please move to viet nam FOR EVER
When will you be retiring from Political Office?
