should read 40 mil south korean
well I have worked with the ROK army and they are everything but ironclad. Why don't you stay there and help them out, please
watch trump and North Korea.  Trump will do anything to stop investigations
S.66
The real question: Do we know if South Korea is paid up and on good terms with the Trump businesses? @SenJohnMcCain
Great seeing Kim Young-woo, Republic of #Korea's National Defence Committee Chairman, today - our alliance w/ #ROK is ironclad 
hey liberal, don't pick on McCain he's one of yours. I know your people are all over the place like cacrouches
keep up the good work don't let our Country go to pot please? sent
Can you please leak what you talked about or maybe graham will do it
Why is Obama out of the country WITHOUT HIS FAMILY?  RUNNING?  Had dinner with Watson in Hawaii!  HE IS EVIL!
who CARES, we have a BULLY in the White House now.
IMPEACH delusional trump &his administration
Law & Order is in the house now.  NO MORE FREE FOR ALL's PARTY"S ON WEDNESDAY NIGHTS AT OUR EXPENSE!
Now its an entire weekends, yup that's better.
Working weekends!  That is how MANY CEO's make deals!
and his country is willing to act against a traitor President. Your party of course isn't. So what does that make Republicans
Look a National Defense Committee Chairman & a Luciferian Freemason
Please leave foreign policy to team Trump.
Try not to screw anything up John.
- Your alliance w/Vietcong should be ironclad too McCain after selling out fellow soldiers in Vietnam you POS
there are 40 South Korean, and only 12 mil starving North Korean. US troops in harm's way why? Let them fight for themselves
Thanks4breaking my family's heart.We keep up with bills passed.Mama bears&WolfPups won't be sleeping well much longer.UofAll!
#McCain Sensei, do not trust #Liar #SouthKorea.
That's all U ever do - hobnob around and have pictures taken.. You're not @POTUS. Wonder what those ppl think bout U!!
How's the health care over there? #Trumpcare #ACARepeal
John why don't you let Tillerson take care of this. Just go to your CNN nursing home and drink some juice.
while your playing President vets like myself are being denied meds and service, do your JOB!!
Thanks, glad you are making up for Tillersons visit. Now, how about looking into that #Trumprussia collusion & treason issue
Sadly, nothing under #Trump is ironclad.
Another memorable moment; Sen. John McCain, Thanks for posting, (photos)
Just wait....Songbird McCain will mess this up....cause images of Putin keep dancing in his head.....traitor.....traitor...

traitor!
Demand that Trump release his taxes.  He is hiding money received from Russia.  Country first!
your a fool! Retire
Impeach or go home McCain.
What Jon said.
We  you #ROK 

#fighting 
Glad to see something is ironclad with a foreign country. Trump hasn't offended them yet?
Why is this loose cannon stumbling all over the world spewing crap. Does anyone trust McCain? I think he needs medical help.
Independent investigation of #TrumpRussia! Comey knew Russia wanted Trump since July but dropped email bomb right b4 election
Please retire.
That's nice! What about USA? We have a Tyrant in the WH who's leading a siege by Nazi Russian Operatives. Shut down WH until investigation!
Thank you, John.
until @realDonaldTrump damages it.
Help us keep our country together.  Trump is unraveling!
One of these days when life is less crazy I'd like to get a Diplomacy game going with you and @McCainJack !
well, sir, if you have to take over Sec. of State duties, so be it...guess the other guy was napping, right?
Um, no it isn't. @realDonaldTrump is disrupting our alliances to please Putin.
I will second that!!!
and North Korea??

Why do u keep meddling in foreign affairs. Leave that to POTUS and ADMIN. Worry about domestic issues. RETIRE
Trump will make sure to mess that up
With every day I am having more and more respect for you! Lifelong Dem. Keep up the good work trying to keep us safe
go to work for our veterans which you say you do and you're not the VA is a mess
#carlhaydenva
Hero DEMCAIN always good for a pic but for nothing else!
Tell Kim to tell the fat kid who's the leader of North Korea to knock it off.
VOTE NO ON HEALTHCARE DON'T Be BULLIED by delusional trump
Right on!  I totally agree.  I would take john over cheeto man any day of the week!!!!!
Ironclad until a certain orange man with small hands and the smell of borscht on his breath gets involved.
