Donald Trump and  Jerry Jones  go into  a Bar ... The Bartender looks at them and asks " Is it Barbra Bush Look-Alike Night? "
Dumbest joke I’ve read in over a decade
Almost as Stupid as a Cowboy fan without a job .. But at least your Mom"s Working I see her all the time
Very proud.  All 5k people who watch the games are excited.
When are you retiring?  Are you going to switch to your Socialists Democrat party soon and join your people?
Why aren't the Congress deriding the Hollywood elitists for their despicable behavior and asking for an investigation!!!!?
Hope you heard a shout out to you from @Eminem #nullify2016
#retire
More than Arizona can say about you.
Retire
Sounds like something the Irianian people should deal with, not American people.
I applaud Mr. McCain for being a sensible politician, even though we stand on different ground. My thoughts are with him.
You're in the company of traitors!
Nobody there is as much of a traitor to the American people as Donald John Trump.
@POTUS took a stand for the USA PEOPLE today & helping ease pain of Obamacare!! Screw u McCain, deliberately trying to hurt us for own gain
Right. McCain almost destroyed any chance for my HC insurance in 2018. Yet, he has the BEST health care on the Planet. Stand Down J McCain.
Mr. McCain my prayers are with you daily!  Your my hero sir
McCain is a traitor to both his country and his party! He revealed secrets costing American lives and idiots gave him the Medal of Honor!
You ran on the notion of repealing and replacing Obamacare so why are you not going the GOP replacement? You’re a liar! You friggin RINO!
My thoughts & prayers are w/you, John. YOU BROKE FREE! You're voting for people--not Koch Brother $$. I can only imagine what that's like...
McCain siding with George Saros money. He should resign.
He has months to live.Hardly chasing the almighty dollar in these final weeks. If you think so, you've never spent time w/the terminally ill
You D-Bags in Congress need top get to work on Tax code reform, Immigration reform, and healthcare reform...
Second place just like. Loosing decisions.
Whoot whoot John McCain!
thought of you this am. Hope you are well.  Your actions in are the only ones that made sense in Wash

Another example of the swamp receiving dirty money! No surprise here! We should never have reelected him!
Great , now do something REAL for this Nation , support that damn wall you knucklehead !!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PXdwDF3yfo …
Do any of the players kneel during the National Anthem?
They took a knee
Arizona is not proud of you liar!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 

McCain cannot speak for AZ as long as he opposes the Republican agenda which got him elected. Trying here to be a good ole boy!
So, fighter jets are flying over the Korean Peninsula. This is no joke anymore. Is congress really going to let this lunatic start WW111?!?
We're coming for you & no amount of money/brain cancer is gonna prevent you from being charged and indicted this time. Ur gonna pay dearly
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan U Know if U pay MORE ATTENTION to Ur WORK, GOP and Americans vs Dbacks we USA would APPREIATE IT!!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan U Know if U pay enough ATTENTION to Ur WORK, GOP and American vs Dbacks we would APPREIATE IT!!
No dangerous side effects from raw garlic cancer treatment.
Raw Garlic has been shown to fight brain cancers.  Crush it and eat up to 4 cloves daily.  Banana garlic smoothies help it go down easier.
Mr Mcain, when we drain the swamp we will find you are the swamp monster
ARIZONA is not proud of you! I hate myself because I voted you.
Put things right. Gun control.
It’s doesn’t work
Only guys from Arizona to accomplish anything this year.  Put team before self - lesson for you there Johnny.
With respect. you have a choice, 1)FIGHT:Win or lose. 2)GIVE UP: become a pow. Heros don't give up they fight.
U really should retire and let someone younger and smarter take over ur senate seat a person that will deliver us a new healthcare 
Arizona not proud of you John (swamp).

This is who the "resistance" consider their "go to" Senators! 
We would've much more proud if you were NOT a part of it. Liberal----Traitor. Don't take any credit for OUR great team.
The only  real republican left
Now headed to Suns season!!!!!! Can't wait
Enjoy your sports full time, RETIRE Brutus
RESIGN You BUM !!!
You Lost. TRUMP WON. Trump Loves Legal Americans like YOU COULD NEVER Begin to http://Comprehend.YOU  are OBSOLETE
This great nation's citizens salute you as our national hero. Thank you, Sir!
JOHN MCCAIN ANSWERS TO GEORGE SOROS. THIS IS WHY HE VOTES AGAINST HELPING THE PEOPLE ON HEALTHCARE. MCCAIN IS A TRAITOR.
No, he's actually one of the more sane Republicans. McCain is a patriot who served his country and its people. Still does. Trump doesn't. :)
Thanks for sharing. He needs to disappear, he's an embarrassment to the State of Az!
Hope you live long enough to be indicted & lead out of Congress in handcuffs & leg chains for treason  http://truepundit.com/new-evidence-shows-mccain-helped-fund-fbi-plot-to-frame-trump-backed-bogus-russian-trump-dossier/ …

Remember when dem senators attacked Obama?
Me either.
Bob Corker-John McCain have betrayed their voters & disgrace America.
…
Wow the D-bag backs the D-backs
What is going on with Comey, the Russians, hillary let's not get side tract
and @AZCardinals Just got Adrian Peterson
You suck mccain
... now go and support the @Dodgers ;)
Pass tax reform.
Congratulations to the @Dodgers for SWEEPING the @Dbacks!
Is that your new arm tatoo, McCain?
All Together Now,() THE MILK'S NOT FREE NOW JOHN GET A GRIP.
Sad to say I’m a Tigers fan. 
Good for Arizona. They need to be proud of their baseball team because they can't be proud of their shitty Senator
How about "Congrats to the better team by far, @Dodgers " CANNON BALL!!!!
Come on! We all know all you care about really are the Green backs!
I’m not a supporter of his but I sure think you need to get a grip and learn some manners.  This is not how adults behave, deplorables yes


Make them really proud and retire you old self serving globalist democrat!
#retire you are an embarassment to your state
Golf clap from a Dodger fan.
Don't set yourself up, @realDonaldTrump might call them losers.
AZ is not proud of the big government liberal senator

Good one.
Dude good point, also how about those #TermLimits bro?
