Protecting whistleblowers is great. Q:Why do you spend so much time shutting down @SenKamalaHarris? What gives, Senator? #CountryBeforeParty
Maybe because she uses her position to be a bully & then cries "victim"?
A hard charging legal advocate/former district att. & CA attorney general. Cry..victim? The USAG lied under oath to the American people, CC.
thought you were respectable.no more.sexist! Putin lover
So, no one should call out a woman who isn't going by the rules? A judge would rebuke her in the courtroom for the same behavior!
Great. But hey, women and minorities are allowed to talk and even ask tough questions in hearings now. FYI. #KamalaHarris #ShePersisted
Yes, they r but shouldn't they be expected 2 follow the same rules? In a courtroom, a judge would have called her out 4 her behavior.
You should work for protection for those testifying to you on the nefarious deeds of the so-called president
Our POTUS has committed NO crimes & McCain would do well 2 remember that & start defending POTUS!
@GOP has taken their hoods off. @KamalaHarris speaks & U silence her 2x ...@SenWarren quoted C. S King she was silenced 
The victimhood card is getting old. Kamala was being a bully & not letting people answer her many questions & deserved 2 be called out on it
We need this but we also need to get the agenda done
But not the ones telling us we have Russian regime in executive branch?
Such ignorance. You know that's not true. No evidence of any collusion w/Russia! Should be checking the Clintons instead!
McCain, we the people do NOT WANT THIS TRUMPCARE.  Sneaking around trying to pass it shows GOP DOES NOT CARE ABOUT AMERICAN PEOPLE
The GOP wants 2 get rid of the socialist plan called Obamacare & start putting it back where it belongs - in our own hands. Thank God!
Really? Honest question. What kind of healthcare do you have?
The old coot is out of touch with the citizens of Arizona. Needs gone.
What about whistleblowers in the FBI, specifically Comey?
You only seem to complain when women are speaking in a committee hearing...another sign that your age has caught up with you...retire!
Time for you to retire to the home, old man. You don't even know what you're doing half the time.
to get benefits owed by these crooks at OWCP Director Gary Stein case 500017181 thi s crook owes benefits to my mother help
Yeah a big supporter of the VA, ops today the last 8 years silence!
Kindly hire a proofreader and editor for your profile bio. Thanks.
accountability? protect whistle blowers?

there's a russian operative in the WH & @GOP is taking us for fools
b/c they have vested interests
Exactly! How many times do they have to be told NO collusion? If they want 2 see collusion, check out the Clintons!
Please share the classified documents you've seen showing collusion or not.
i beg your pardon? who are you? do you always order men around online?

please remember your place, female.  @GOP women belong in the home.
No problem ever patting himself on his back    Join our Pres.!!  Pass tax relief and a solution to Obamacare. Then everyone will pat you
How about protecting whistleblowers who call attention to your party President's corruption?
U embarrassed urself at hearings.  Time to retire!
Why do u only give @SenKamalaHarris a hard time. Don't bother to answer. We all know why. #therussiansarecoming #therussiansarecoming
Did you take money from Russia too?
Good point! He is a disgrace to our country~~
Why are you defending someone who said he'd respect you more if you weren't a captured POW?
Mr. McCain, I have always admired you. But your attempted shut down of Kamala Harris yesterday....shameful. you have elevated her to hero.
What do you have against Kamala Harris? Still proud you voted in a lying crook for Attorney General? Your sad party is going down with Trump
Kamala uses the "woman" card 2 try 2 get away w/bullying behavior bc she thinks no one will call her out 4 it.
Please share her quotes where she "played the woman card".  Can't find any? Then explain why white men were treated differently.
She won't explain that either - probably another Russian bot.
Are you proud this is @POTUS ? Blocking Vets? Uninformed abt Qatar? Luckily he got his ass kissed yesterday though.
Dang, they don't like nobody.  WeThePeople won't forget @GOP
If his tweets are official statements how can he block citizens from seeing them?!
As a stateside Vietnam Vet, I believe that ex-military should be running the VA hospitals. Veterans understanding Veterans needs.!!!
You've had plenty of years to fix before Trump & you didn't. Thanks to Trump it's being addressed
So disappointed that you call out a fellow senator based on her sex and who knows maybe her color!  You did not once call out any white male
So let's get to the bottom of Russia interference, collusion, and keep Dodd-Frank..... & keep ACA aka Obama Care.
Are you proud of taking away insurance from 24 million people?
Thank you for being a #Maverick
More like a traitor!
Whistleblowers are more needed now than ever.
How can 13 white GOP senators write a health care bill??
Stop shutting down @KamalaHarris
Now hold the line and pass a universal health plan m
You are number one whistle blower!!! You're a joke
John McCain taking care of Biz, Thank you sir.
be more useful and help WWII VETERANS widows get their benefits from FECA dept of Labor we fight a battle of attrition trying
don't interrupt other senators!  It's rude and so Old White Guy
The only thing missing from his response was "stay off my lawn!" Senility is a mofo.
And raising his fist in the air. Don't forget that.
Cant believe your treatment of Senator Harris. Thought you were a fair a decent man but just another reason the GOP can count me out.
I do respect your service to this country, but by any chance know who blew the whistle on the VA spending $13.5 mill on art instead of vets?
If I remember right, few years ago, VA was caught filling up exec's offices w/ $13.5 mill in art. Veterans rejected/fake lists/many died.
And what did you do then, Sen McCain?
Interrupt much?

Report: Trump to appoint Cindy McCain to ambassador position http://bit.ly/2rn53Be 
Good Lord were you an embarrassment at #SessionsHearing   When will you put the country you claim to love above the interests of your party?
Here's Johnny, Mr. Interrupter, proving once again with rudeness toward Ms. Harris and his wife joining King Liar that he needs to retire
Who do you think you are interrupting Senator Harris?! What infuriates you? That she's a woman, that she's black?
That she uses both of those "cards" 2 try 2 get away w/bullying! She should learn 2 follow rules & show courtesy 2 witnesses, too.
When will you speak against secret Republican healthcare bill in Senate?  Are you proud of that, too?  Wake up, Sir.
How's it feel to be pimped out for a gig for your wife? Cause it LOOKS disgusting. I used to have a lot of respect for you. No more.
Now there at last is legislation I can support and be proud of! My dad, General Bell would be happy to know Vets are protected
U should be ashamed today when Uquestioned Sessions, you did no good at all. Questions should of been flushed worthless.Lukewarm Republican
How about you work towards making the AHCA a public process?
We heard you interrupt Sen Harris. So your honesty didn't last long! Did u have mini stroke weeks ago& stroke out other day made u GOP slime
Congrats to candy for her new position. This explains why you compromised your integrity. You've lost our respect.
i once believed you loved the USA but you were disgraceful cutting senator harris off today to protect corrupt sessions. you are a waste!
U should b ashamed of your behavior toward @SenKamalaHarris. It was rude & condescending! It's 2017! Your disdain was on display 4 all 2 C.
Shame on you! You're a sellout like the rest of the corrupt GOP. country BEFORE party.
nice job embarrassing yourself again today Senator. does Mrs. Harris make you nervous?
go take a nap you washed up old fool
U had an honorary seat at the table. It wasn't time 4 you to be banging any gavels. I thought you were a hero. U are not. You sold your soul
STOP INTERRUPTING SEN HARRIS!
Why don't you tell her to stop badgering witnesses & give them time 2 answer? In a courtroom, a judge would have done so. Using "woman" card
You sold us out for Russian cash.  You are a traitor to the American people.
Would like you to stop bullying Senator Harris She's smarter than you and belongs on this committee . You are a weird guest
I am so disappointed in you...you have let us all down.  Could this have anything to do with your wife getting a new job? Shame on you.
Why? When you always vote against anything good for veterans. Why this time
what the heck is up with you picking on that female senator like that? That's twice. That's rude and I'm really aggravated with you about it
Time to retire old man
It's so nice to see you sold out America for a job for your wife.  I used to respect you.  Now I think you're a @GOP traitor.  Hope u made $
Did your wife get offered a job in the Trump administration? You're not even trying to protect us anymore.
The House is an international embarrassment. The senate is beginning to follow in its footsteps thanks to questionable behaviors like yours
Wow, and Jim Comey?
Senator McCain, I have come to very much respect your over the last year.  However your behavior to Kamala Harris was very disrespectful
Tax Reform? Repeal Obamacare? Stop the nonsense in DC wasting tax $$ on unnecessary hearings to take down @POTUS
If do let's see you tSke lead and make dure criminals in AZ VA are fired and gone don't be a hypocrite
Why don't you worry about those of us who weren't fortunate enough to serve our country in the military for once?
RE: Sessions
Thank you for bringing up IT Security, more specifically the serious LACK of it going on in our Gov.  It's extremely important.
Good protect the only Socialized Medicine allowed in the US. Now how about getting decent DOCTORS working there?! Techs and Nurses need help
2nd time in a week you have interrupted Senator Harris. Why only her? If you're going to be sexist, you better retire. It's 2017!
It isn't sexist 2 call out a woman who uses her position & her gender 2 be a bully bc she thinks people will be too scared 2 call her out!
Are you a fake account for Cindy?
You're sexism is on full display interrupting @KamalaHarris for the second time in a week. Sorry the peeps of AZ voted for you again.
Hers a better idea. Do away with the VA. Give them a insurance card that is 100% coverage .
@SenJohnMcCain WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU 2X NOW INTERRUPTING @SenKamalaHarris ? NO ONE else have you done that to. U R #PATHETIC PLEASE RETIRE
Time to shut up, old white fool. You have dementia.
Who appointed you Sargent of Arms of the Senate Intelligence Committee? You're not even a member.
Hey what, just another momentary mental lapse?
Oh, I got it. It's your military training that allows you to take on an authoritarian roll to defend your GOP buddy.
Shame on you for inappropriately interrupting @KamalaHarris today. You were a GUEST of the Committee w/NO authority over her. #ShePersisted
Hi John , remember about getting that brain scan!!!  You're performance today indicates deterioration in front 
Protect whistleblowers?! And yet you protect a treasonous BULLY president?! And now his crooked lying AG!! What the hell is wrong with you??
You have turned your back on Americans today at the hearing. You've joined the Trump train. Party before country. Shame on you!!
Are you proud of yourself for interrupting @KamalaHarris?
He was disgraceful.  Seems to be the trend these days
Now let's see you stand w/poor & middle income Arizonans who will be screwed if Trumpcare passes. Show us that you are more than just talk.
Why aren't you supporting our POTUS. You are becoming an obstructionist. You do many good things but teamwork makes the dream work.
Wow, two pensions?
You and the wife are really rocking it dude.
No wonder you're bobbing on @realDonaldTrump
Is it too much to ask for you to stop focusing on your own agenda and get with the rest of congress to accomplish top priorities.
Exactly! Quit trying 2 bring our POTUS down!  You have millions watching you & we know what you are up to!
You're pretty proud of protecting trump too. Putting party before country seems to be your home run swing.
Great work.  Thank you.  We need to protect all whistleblowers, including those at the White House.
Go to bed senator. Palin started your party's decline into acceptable stupidity. Your legacy
Very disappointed in your interrupting Senator Harris today.  She had just as much right to speak and be heard as you sir. Respect please.
I would like to read the health care bill before it goes to a vote. Yes - I'm pretty sure I can understand it.
To what end?  Sharon Helman, bonuses, waiting lists- depraved indifference to life still there.  VA Bureaucracy flourishes.
 now can we protect whistleblowers inside WH???
This did nothing to bring better care to our veterans. Just to make base believe you did something. Joke.
You need to resign
You owe @KamalaHarris an apology for your behavior. Mimicking the new republican platform of hate, racism, and sexism isn't a good look.
Says pepe...lol. You poor, broken little snowflake, lol
Not a Democrat. Don't care, lol. How does it feel to even suck at trolling? Haha!
You did an excellent job today at the Sessions hearing.  Great questions but I am scared at how Trump and gang r ignoring the Russia threat
so, Trump hired your WIFE?? WTF senator!! ew
What gives you the right to interrupt @KamalaHarris when you're not even on the committee. Maybe shut your mouth and let her do her job!
It's come out that U have taken Russian $ 4 your campaigns. Disappointing  to hear. It's  time 4 U 2 retire or be voted out!!
Dude, let it go. Retire. You are not effect or are heavily sedated. Retire and move to Russia
McCain acts like he cares about vets but let many of them die at Phoenix VA
You have turned out to be A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT DURING THESE INVESTIGATIONS! U TALKED A GOOD STORY LIKE U CARED BUT... PARTY OVER COUNTRY 
Hey lefty, bragging on yourself Again?
This rino is working with the democrats against trump
You only helped the veterans after Trump was elected 
 Up to that point. .....you only gave them lip service.  Please retire.
Except when SHE asks tough questions???
Glad you got some sleep last night. Much better performance.
The only person you protect is Trump. Gone is the maverick, the former hero of mine who fought for his country. Now it's just partisan rot.
Only thing we agree about. Otherwise retire. You are used up.
I saw who you are when you voted to cut my benefits, my veteran benefits.  #lowlifeturd
but what about her emails ? 
You sold your soul to the devil and will rot in hell w/rest of the lying cabinet
U need to keep your mouth shut & let those who still want to serve the ppl do their job. @Senate GOP
Amen!
You have become a huge disappointment I had hoped that your moral compass could not be boughtLooks like I am wrong
You should apologize to Kamala Harris. This isn't the 1950's where women should shut up and let the men talk. #sexism
Good bill
Finally you people did something! You should be ashamed that it took 3 years to enact this bill. Now let's not stop here!
Good deal. But let my senator talk too, ok?
How do you feel about a family's son coming home in a coma from NK? Where is our country's condemnation of this?
The va has to cut costs to such an extent, they do not give glucometers to diabetics w/docs orders in many cases.  So I'll die-cheaper 4 U.
Where is your legislation on additional sanctions?
Now proceed 2 immediately require W.Davidson 2 rescind his Bill HR307-places Congress within DeptVetAff healthcare.Only18% served.Hypocrites
Years you sat by and did NOTHING. Resign
How about Trumpcare?  The one excluding preexisting conditions? Gives insurance companies free rein to charge as they please?
NO TRUMPCARE !
Why aren't you being forthcoming about the GOP healthcare bill?
because Dear Leader ...
Why are you even interjecting -you are not on the committee? DC really is a geriatric white man's drunk tank
Does the VA have a retirement home for decorated combat pilots? Asking for @SenJohnMcCain
but Trump just gave John's wife a job, he can't do that!
Oh, and the Russians have invaded the voting machines so they're not worried about losing elections 
39 state election facilities were electronically infiltrated by the the Russians. Nothing to worry about here folks. Move along.
I'd be more proud if you passed a law where we can fire incompetent people. THATS THE PROBLEM. Shameful treatment of our warriors.
Sellout.. i had faith in u.. u let trump buy ur daughter.  U sold out. History will remember this. U were once a patriot. Shame
I actually thought you were one of the good ones who believed country over  party ...
yeah same here
Right?!
When will you cosponsor S.66? Trillions for war, but no CRDP for Disabled Veterans Retirees under CH61?
Did you read it?
You are inconsistent.
@god I am so sick of @POTUS's #Shit! Sorry you are getting flack for it, you put #CountryBeforeParty!-but you should have run with Lieberman
@SenJohnMcCain why is your wife taking a job for this WH? Looks like you and the McConnells are prospering off of this nightmare?!?!
You were unable to oppose your POTUS this time. Must have been tough for you to swallow. Retire.
You have had YEARS to clean up the VA and the one in AZ is one of the worst! Now you take credit? You are a washed up senile old man. RETIRE
President Trump loves the Vets so much he Blocks them #trumplies
Do you believe
