U.S. Army is already hollow. GOP participated in the hollowing of the Army through sequestration.
in the senate way too long. Either work with this president on putting this country back on track, or SHUT THE HELL UP Mr. Songbird!
US spends more on defense than next 12 countries COMBINED. End the military-industrial complex!
Do you still think McMaster is fit to be NSC?He has no voice of his own & is caught up in @realDonaldTrump lies #treason
Don't want to under fund anything
I agree, how about addressing NATO who are billions in arrears , while Greece and Estonia struggling to pay their dues .
Military has plenty of money - it's just not spent very well.
Yes, and also cause more civ staff layoffs, just like back in 2013!!!
My last job @Fort H.. AZ

We need to start holding our contributions to rebuild our military
We spend more on military than next 7 largest budgets COMBINED.  How about looking at wasteful spending??
One word to you Mr. McCain.... Traitor!
Of course US military needs more money. They waste close to a $100 billion annually.
GET OVER IT, your girlfriend Lindsey Grahamnesty lost. You've spoken in the past about doing American's business? Put your money where your
So where we're u when your buddy Obama strip our military.   U need to either change to a democrate or retire.
You know how that feels #SongbirdMcCain
And the gutting of the state dept will pretty much eliminate diplomacy.
what budget cuts? Please.
The greatest risk to soldiers on the battlefield is Trump, #PresidentBannon, & Russians. Address that first. 'Mmkay?
There are no cuts.  What are you talking about.  We are the laughing stock of the world and you are partially responsible.
Then stop giving tax breaks to healthy. You're breaking the backs of the blue collar worker.
When will US Military be big enough to make @GOP happy?   It is already biggest by FAR in the world & other countries have Single Payer.
On topic of risk: Sir, Gen Flynn was interviewed by FBI on Jan 24th. Flynn presents #YemenRaid to President on 25th? (Sen DiFi timeline)
Coward! Like all republicans, you talk and you talk, but you have no guramba!
We have open border , private airports aka clintons and their drug trades , or weapons coming in .
Senility
What are you whinning about...he's YOUR bloody party's president?
Sequestration was/is your policy. Hold yourself respondible.
doesn't matter what you give our service members when @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is a #russian agent
No time to cut defence, we just committed to arming the Mid East and now Russia has top spy in nato, trump
At $650b is too much for Defense spending when we have a natural barrier.
It's called the Oceans.
When was the last War fought in US soil
Defense budget has already been substantially increased, why McCain want more?
Let’s keep the soldiers out of battle. Bring them all home. Let them be devoted to securing America from terrorism.
Gosh, how will they get by with only 166 billion? As a the #2 NATION, China spends 145.8 on entire military. #NoMoney4Medicare
If you would bring our children home from the battle field, we would not have to cry over their flag draped coffins.
You need to support our president!!
This is really hard to believe.  If it's true maybe the Bush tax cuts should n the rich need to be reinstated
Well why do you keep voting in favor of all of Trump's agenda items? Vote no for once.
And what have you done and said in the last 8 years to prevent this?
I worked in the Pentagon; clean up the waste there and the troops will have all the funding they need.
Sir, your party is completely out of control. Many believe that you have the integrity and "juice" to do something about it. Please do.
So we should let people die from lack of health insurance and food
Can we get any specifics? Or are we just writing blank checks. How about keep these guys and gals safe at home?
You mean more risk!
Sorry, sir.  It's really tough to believe anybody the GOP (sadly, you're part of that group) puts in front of us any more. Lies and coverups
You definitely can't wait war!
Let's be more efficient and look at how we spend our money.
We are catching on to your lies Republicans you're not going to get away with it and 2018 is going to prove it vote blue no matter who
You guys never vote GOP, meaningless talks.
Just like when Hillary asked for more money for Benghazi and Republicans turned it down then people died and you blamed Hillary Hippocrates
why is the GOP unable to govern?
Leaked intel from POTUS that cause allies to withhold critical sources will kill us as well.  Stop his mindless rampage
But I thought we were gonna put defense first  @realDonaldTrump is huge embarrassment
we know you are one of the leakers, prepare yourself for prison
Again HE's WRONG the threat to our people is a Cmdr in Chief WHO WARNS OUR ENEMIES WHERE & WHEN WE ARE ATTACKING! AGAIN ITS YOUR GUY!!
Already puts them at risk do to in ability to forward plan. Reserves and Guard not getting proper training.
John McCain is a walking proxy-vote for term limits.
Does it bother you that your Commander in Chief is a draft-dodging coward? Why not stand up for the Americans you fought for??
Maybe if the top brass, congress and any other political official took a pay cut-our #military #veterans wouldn't suffer as much
Senator, when was the last time there was a top to bottom audit of how the DoD and branches spend money?
Reductions in healthcare will lead to millions of Americans deaths. Budget cuts will hurt millions of service men, vetrans and families.
So, what do you have to say about @GregForMontana physically attacking a journalist?
OR...Could lead to implementation of efficiencies and cutting of waste. Dont forget that report that said Pentagon has like $150B in waste.
John, I thought your boy @realdonaldtrump was all "America First" and against foreign intervention. Did he lie? USA is more than military.
Then WHY did the GOP vote for sequestration?!?!
And your kickbacks will be seriously reduced. Can't have that, can we?
