Just when you thought... 
All Americans deserve the amazing healthcare you and Julia will receive. Thank you for standing up for them 
Damn right! Everyone deserves a 850 a month premium with a 13500.00 dollar deductible
McCain voted no on #TrumpCare, because it took healthcare away from 24M, not allow those w/ pre-existing conditions, tax breaks to the rich
So the guy who is trolling my post blocked me.  Can't handle the truth 
,  #MAGA  Dont worry,  were still loving every minute of it
Get out of the way, haven't you skimmed enough $ yet . Your a fraud
We love you too John!
Of coarse and I'm sure you have good insurance or money unlike the rest of true Americans
ACA isn't good enough for McCain, now he retweets an insured celebrity's request for UHC. What are we missing? Oh yeah, the truth.
Traitor!
Senator as are you!
Oh screw you
A
But she asked for universal health care not thoughts and prayers.
Im a hard ass Dem, but John I thank you, worry about you and family! God speed recovery. I respect all your service, and honesty to country
Me too
My feelings exactly. I'm so grateful for his courage-past and present. And I can almost forgive him for sarah palin.
Woah that's too far
Will you support single payer then?
This dem loves you too @SenJohnMcCain! Thank you 4 bringing back some morality to the GOP. They've been co-opted  by the devil. Save Graham
You are honorable. One of the few
Yeah well,we've supported u 4 years and u stabbed us in the back but the libs love you and they can have you.20 years support =, [ #MAGA 
LIBERALS SUCKING UP TO ANOTHER LIBERAL...HOW CUTE? NOT!
Or one human wishing another human the best in one of life's most awful battles.
NO...MCCAIN IS RESPONSIBLE AND UNAPOLOGETIC FOR THE DEATHS OF 194 SAILORS AND AIRMEN...
Omg I've been tweeting him since my diagnosis and I thought this was to me initially! I almost had a heart attack!
Shut up half brain RINO McCain
Thank you Senator McCain
Mr McCain, we have been so lucky and honored to have a gentleman like you serving our country!  Thank you!   is Proud of you!  God bless!
Amen
You are in our thoughts sir. Thank you for your lifetime of service
I don't wish this on my worst enemy 
Sadly our president would
So true 
God bless john McCAin  a true hero.  To me your greatest moment was when u told the women that Obama was not a Muslim
Good luckJulia , I have great faith in your recovery!! Ty for thinking of those uninsured with this same diagnosis ,fight on
Thank you senator McCain.
Universal health care should not be an issue in this century the NHS has its problems in the uk but we all get treated no matter what
This right here!!! UK, Canada, Australia, Germany... what is wrong with us?
Hmm. Maybe you could've said this without quoting her tweet where she calls for the lie that is "universal healthcare".
Same to you Mr. McCain
Shame on Congress & Senate for allowing Trump to treat Americans like they are nothing! He needs to be impeached right now!
Sir, you are a true hero. The best to you and Julia.
Make America Civil Again!
UK has universal HC and has the worst BC survival rate of all industrialized nations. You have the best HC offered - prayers 2 u
Actually, no.
God Bless.

Not a fan of your politics Sir, But have the utmost respect for you and your service, That said, Its time to get right John.. #SinglePayer
God bless you both!
Crazy
You are a class act, Senator.
Yes Julia. Praying for you for sure and seater

Sen. McCain has great insurance also. The minions get Obama Care because he won't help change
That's what a real hero, a real man does !  He  cares !  TAX RETURNS THIS MORNING before golf ?
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Sir, you're in mine.
McCain and the rich liberal left. A true love story.  But what about showing some love for the people that voted for you Mr Liar?
Cool now convert that thinking and praying into currency for the NIH
And you are in ours, Senator. God bless you and Julia as you enter these journeys.
You will survive. I am a 8 yr survivor. Prayers are with you.
We love you, too @SenJohnMcCain
@OfficialJLD 15 yrs since my stage 2 BC, it's ok to feel everything you feel. Hard to be strong but you can do it Julia. Your not alone xoxo
Research is vital. We shouldn't cut funds just to open another golf course!
Obamas HHS Sec Sebelius meets again with Sen. Reid & Sen. Menendez to repay $105 million Dr. Melgen was CONVICTED of STEALING from MEDICARE
You are a class act Signed a Northeast bleeding heart liberal.
Wonderful Sir, for you to take the time to do this. And you are in ours.
Thoughts & Prayers r with u both. 2 Class acts.
You're a good man, Senator McCain 
You both are! Heroes and National Treasures Much love 
May your health be blessed with great care
You're a good man for retweeting this!
Class Lady @OfficialJLD  Class Man @SenJohnMcCain

This is what a true patriotic American would say to another American
Senator McCain.  Please don’t limit prescriptions to 7 days.  People can not afford to see a doctor every 7 days.  Even with insurance.
Keep voting against ACA repeal, please. For Julia.
MCCain you are fighting for your life and took time to encourage someone else. That's admirable. My prayers are with you on your journey
God bless you both
Class! I join your sentiments Sir!
thoughts and prayers? Nothing. Add modern medicine and you got something
Oh! You are in ours Sen. McCain.
Always praying for you @SenJohnMcCain 
#ILoveJulia 
Sir, you are also in our thoughts. It is important to have people who love you to support you through treatments...and tough times.
Well I guess that shows you want universal health care
Maybe yr God ignores murders of innocent women & children. Better pray for forgiveness of yr sins. Beg VN ppl to forgive yr murders & lies
Mine too
Love you john McCain
I pray for both of you. You are both authentic, honorable, amazing people.
#MedicareForAll
I agree! 100%
Your are such a class act, you always put everyone including your country before yourself. You are a role model for everyone, everywhere.
John become a warrior up in heaven.  Help us defeat the antichrist Trump
NO OBAMACARE FOR YOU, GREAT, HOW ABOUT WOMEN THAT DIE BECAUSE OF YOUR VOTE
You are a class act Senator.  I haven't always agreed politically but I've always known you put our country first.
You're a class act, sir.

You both ROCK - hang tuff!!!
Quit ..you hurting us
Thank you, sir, for protecting my ex-stepmom (mom!) with your vote. She has metastatic breast cancer and depends on Medicaid Expansion in NC
I have always voted straight D ticket. Mr. McCain, you are my favorite R...Godspeed & God Bless....your continued fight for USA #respect
Senator you are a role model for strength and integrity.
We are a nation of we after all! We all thought we were forgotten in all the BS? Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for standing up now!
McCain, suck up to hollywEEds
Everyone please take a moment for a real patriot & hero. I'm a DEM but I respect & thank Senator McCain for a life of service
Ok, but did  you get her last bit about universal healthcare?
I like you more and more every day. Keep fighting for Americans
You are a class act Senator!

It would be nice if everyone pulled their weight in America so I don't have to pay 4 my insurance and someone else's. socialism doesn't work
Praying for both of you!
Praying for complete and miraculous healing for all who are  battling cancer of any form. Don’t give up don’t give in keep the faith.
this person, @OfficialJLD, hated you and voted Obama.  Nice you BOTH have great health care.
Julia is such a great actress, she will smash it
John you are the greatest hero of Our Generation I really hope you beat this cancer
We need American proof to Kurdistan Indepndece
Yes. Get well soon. We love you.
As are you Senator.
Thinking good thoughts for and about you, Julia!
Hope she gets better but for her to think that Universal Care is the answer is just plainly misguided
And you are in our thoughts & prayers Sen Mc Cain. Your service to our country in both the military and govt is extraordinary. We  u2. 
You have turned into a Dem. Nancy tweeted the exact same thing. No one cares about what you think about celebs.
And your thoughts and prayers for those stuck with o'care? Thanks Johnny. RETIRE Brutus
Prayers for @OfficialJLD
We do love you! Hang tough
You are a good man Mr. McCain and the world is a better place with you in it!
Yes!!
We love you too Sen McCain, for standing up to your own party and taking the side of the American people on H/C and taxes.
Also in mine and my family's for both Julia and you sen McCain God bless never give never say can't
I'm a liberal, & you just made me.  I may not agree with many of your policies, but your dignity and class are unmatched.



she'll be fine. think about poor Kramer and George. What happened to them?
she'll be fine.
From one Liberal to another.
Blessed be @OfficialJLD  hang in there  huggs
My prayer is with both of you at this time.
Just go become a http://dem.like  u really r. Fake republican
Both of you & julia in my thoughts and prayers
I may disagree with many of your views, but you seem to be a caring, compassionate person
Thank you
Cancer patients shld concentrate on getting well, good wishes to both of you. Health care is too important to go without sir, pls back M4A.
I have cancer too#cancersucks
Why not teach out to average Americans that have cancer. You only note the lucky privlaged. You've turned into a bad dude #shameful
Very true, we of the cancer family stand united in a common cause, shared mission shared support and ultimate goal in killing cancer
Thank you for all you have done for our country Senator. I've followed yr story since 60s and admired your courage/integrity. Go Maverick!
The same to you Senator.....good luck and God Bless
Will you be switching to Obamacare now that you say how great it is? Why are u exempt from Obamacare and we are not?
You have so many people rooting for you.  Not @realDonaldTrump But he doesn't matter.  We do and we have your back.
I hope, John McCain, you're working towards universal health care and towards raising the USA to the standards of the rest of the free world
You can actually help women like her by announcing your support for Medicare For All legislation. Let's put action behind thoughts/prayers.
You love Onamacare so much and advocate for it you and @OfficialJLD should go though all of this on it! #DrainTheSwamp
McCain resign already. America needs a real patriot in your seat
So are you, Senator.
So sorry to hear, Julia!!  I hope you caught it in time and have a full recovery!!!
#MedicareForAll
Why don't you go home and enjoy your family. Leave us alone with your ridiculous BS.
Spoken like a true Democrat !
Fellow Trump bashers console each other
Senator you have always been a honorable man!
You are always a class act!
Thank you sir! We love you
Sorry you felt you could not support repeal bill Iam sure you have excellent insurance not everyone in your position you lied to your state
My dad was career #USAF (Cold War/Vietnam). Lost him to GBM 5 yrs ago. My thoughts are with you and your family.
Retire Mcstain
prayers going up!
I wish her well but treatment should be a right, not privately through her union.

WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT MCCAIN??  NOTHING!
McCain, I am respecting you more & more each day!!
Wish @SenJohnMcCain and other Republicans would take her message to heart. WE NEED HEALTHCARE FOR ALL.
Sen McCain on heathcare put the ppl above party and he has spoken out against Trump.
Good thing you and her don't have to use Obama care. You might not be here right now.
We disagree on politics a great deal, but you're one of the last statesmen left in DC. Thank you Sir!

Don’t always agree with your politics but you sir are a class act.  Thank you for everything and I hope you and my fellow dems make a bipartisan effort.
I hope her ACA that you like so well takes good care of her
Thank you for your kindness to JD
Sen. McCain, just gotta say it one more time... you da' man!
