Err, bit late don't you think? Cold War II started about a decade ago.
For Americans it started since end of 2016 lol
They're idiots. Murders have been taking place on London's streets since the mid 2000's, and Georgia invaded in 2008.
I know
Didn't u beg for money from Russia for ur campaign. Again ur collusion w/Russia
If we are we have you to thank
Well played Trump! #national hero #
# vsnationaldisaster #refusetocallhimPresident
I dare you to use Obamacare or even better go to the VA
Thanks to the GOP!! You all need to resign before you kill us all
yes, but this time we have a Manchurian candidate "running" our country.
Not for long#markmywords
For Putin the Cold War never ended.
Wrong
No, YOU have created a new cold war soon to become a hot one. The US is on the decline so bad and you NEED war to keep you going. Sick.
ha ha ha...
Don't say u were not warned.

Looks Like COST Cutting to US !  for  Both Countries - while Leaving the Door Wide Open for Russia sell Oil to China  . . Russia is Happy ?
Is Obama still ridiculing that 1950s notion?
The new cold war has already started and we've been caught with our pants down. Putin is laughing at us.
Your naive if u thought it wasn't already there (Ukraine, Syria........)
Where did Hillary get the Uranium she gave to Russia McCain? Did it come from the open Uranium Mines in your Home State?
Don't listen to the media, they are fake news
Republicans don't read the Washington post. What year is it senator?
Republicans read?
Yes sweets it's called #wikileaks #podestaemails #dncleaks . Apparently you lack the capacity. Illiterate much?
Here can you read this? Your party in shambles at the DNC. BTW, a ton of Bernie Bros are still mad & haven't forgotten 
But we are all illiterate if we do not agree with your ideology? Let me know how that smug, unapologetic rhetoric wins independents back
You're an independent?! Please! When the GOP stops cavorting w/Russia, you can talk! Tell Vlad we said hello!
LIE.To America.
Russia is not our problem John Mccain is. stop the war monger and his push for globalism. america has had enough
This is like the arsonist complaining about all the fires.
And here I was thinking that the fault 'lies squarely' with warhawks like @SenJohnMcCain.
They really want a rematch?  They are suckers for abuse.
like you can see putin have no time for chiliens
Well John somebody better keep their eyes on the prize because someone else is not and you know who that someone else is. So watch out.Peace
Navajo people in a Cold War with open Uranium Mines leaking into water causing cancer & other MED probs. McCain knows and does 0 4 his voter
I lived in the cold war,wasent bad at all! Kept the SLIME in place my whole life! Russia SUCKS Azz!True EVIL empire!
This is what Trump wants. Trouble with Russia means he doesn't have to pay the zillion she owes them oligarchs over there.
It's either a cold war or continue to let Russia run our country. WE DO NOT WANT A UNITED STATES OF RUSSIA!
This all happened under your watch of Obama.  You make me sick. 20% of R Uranium 2 Russia?  R you kidding? Why didn't you do something then?
Where have you been? We've been in a new cold war for 8 years!!
Isn't that because of your FAILURES to lead. But that's right you have problems following and getting out of the way. Hanio is following you
No, the Washington Post has Zero credibility with me.
Equating the current situation w/ the Cold War is misguided. The Cold War was the result of post WWII tensions in Europe & power struggles--
b/t the US & USSR (including nukes). Russia just meddled in our Prez election. That's a direct "attack" on our most sacred institution!
Why do you want War senator?
It was inevitable when a former KGBer is President,it was just when and how,and why Mueller needs to finish his work and the guilty punished
Russia's expansionism has never stopped under Tsars, Premiers or Presidents. The Cold War was the Great Game continued, and it lives on.
Ummm yeah....that you are trying to start! America is now on to your #deepstate objectives!
Squarepants is onto you #DEEPSTATE
No. We're not. And if so, not an organic or authentic one, but phony and well controlled for whatever reason.
The fault also lies with our so-called president #Cheetolini.  #Impeach #Resist #TrumpRussia
This should make you very comfortable.
Your dream come true John. You've been desperate to revive the good ol days ever since that wall came down.
"On the road," Senator, we are here! When a country messes with an election the way the Russians have we have no relations with those ppl.
How. about your confessions in NAM they cost lives remember did good job hiding them I remember 
Go away TRAITOR
US should restore it's bright image as world leader which has been weakened & disdorted by Mr. Obama before and Mr. Trump at current time.
We arrived 6 months ago!
Wonder why...could it be You and the Dems?!  Trump is trying to keep things civil w Russia.  But YOU and the Dems won't let him!!
McCain please just go get your luxury medical treatment and leave the drama and finger pointing to Chuck Schumer and the dems
Drills for kids  back then were so scary-alarm sounded and we had to climb under school desks-every plane we feared were Russians with bombs
Laughs.  Songbird McCain you and your buddies on the Hill been pushing for this.  Leftist Neocons cheer on. Another Good Neighbors policy
... and you think that is a good thing?  I lived and planned through the last one.  I would like to hear options.
Better than a hot war????
I just wish @POTUS had the courage to stand up to Putin.
Time to step up and do something about what your party has allowed to happen! Be the Hero here John! Leave a legacy we can be proud of!
Completely agree. Please help lead us out of this mess, Senator. You will forever have the gratitude of a grateful nation, and world.
Foreign policy is a great big mess. POTUS doing is own thing, tweeting rubbish-others pulling in opposite directions.
If one analyses foreign policy & security preparations in the Baltics, Nordic countries, Poland: we're already  in that stage @SenJohnMcCain
I'm not sure why anyone should believe you anymore.
We're voting you out!  We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  How much of the Medicaid extension does your state benefit?
Russia will destroy America .... Putin is the strongest president in the world ......... ho - ho - ho - ho.....
Cold war good, last cold war Russia went broke. That will tell Russia stay out of our government
We tried to warn you, but republicans wanted their own guy, no matter how stupid and vulgar. The land of my birth, no longer recognizable.
And we have a very weak, lame duck leader who is also mentally unstable. May God save America.
@realDonaldTrump wanted to thaw relations with Russia, but Cold War Relics like @SenJohnMcCain are still living in the past.
Love all these comments about Reps not being able to read & not reading TWP. (irony- for any Dems don't know forms of writing) smh
Great Donald. Not only did you not perform up to Putin's standards, now we have nuclear anxiety again. Thanks!
Why did you vote against Obamacare repeal?
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/01/opinion/trump-democracy-institutions-destroyed.html?emc=edit_th_20170801&nl=todaysheadlines&nlid=1116961 …
@USAGSessions @TheJusticeDept @POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan @GOP @Scotus @SenateMajLdr @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump

Oh boy, I have already watched that show, can't you guys come up with a better way to waste money.  I need a new story line,
Did it ever REALLY stop?
Your not....Your on the road back to Az
Thanks for saving Obamacare John!!
yes thanks to democrats who can't get over losing an election.
No- it is your fault for instigating. You care about nothing but yourself.
The Cold War never ended. It has just escalated into digital territory. We've been losing the war for decades and didn't know we were in it.
My staff think your full of crap 
the war is already on. just wait until the AI gets into the game (if that is not the case already). the future looks #fun indeed. 
No thanks I don't read this mullet wrapper .
And where were you when Romney was told by Obama the 80's are calling and want their foreign policy back?
Maybe we are...better not to focus on them, but to be very clear on our response options should they step over the line...US, UN and NATO
We've been on the road with Obamacare for 7 years listening to you douches promising repeal/replace
Which would beg, why not push potus to sign before any further nominations are confirmed/debated
Retire "hero".

Oh fuck! Trump is not a kremlin spy anymore? 
Senator, we need someone with balls to talk to Putin and Xi to get this resolved. Not someone that grovels at the feet of Putin!
John you are a fool full
This piece is rubbish.
6) Mr McCain you've served your country and it's time to rest and let the new generation keep pushing for peace talks rather than risk WW3.
5) amazing how ppl like McCain who is in his 80s w/nothing to lose  wants WW3 which will end  many young lives.
Lots of Russian bots here.
Sir, hope your are feeling well.  Not interested in any 'reads' you might offer.  #nofaith
I thought WaPo was fake news. Am I supposed to read it or not?
4) amazing how we are not talking about the number of countries the US has invaded in the last 40 years compared to Russia.
3) amazing that the US/CIA has been caught times and times again toppling Gov, oh yes it's because "they need democracy"
2) amazing that no one is talking about the fact that the US is bombing 7 countries as we speak. Oh yes it's Putins fault.
1) Amazing how the writer makes it as if the US is so innocent. No mention of a coup d'eta to depose a legitimate president of Ukraine.
Is this unavoidable with evil Putin?
Thanks to the guy you keep propping up in the WH.
hot war
Russia never left that war. The majority of us Americans just didn't know it.
Russia's actions over the past quarter of a century, as well as its denials, are indicative and reticent of that #NotJustRecentPastElections
Lol just shut up
I'm curious: do you 'believe' Vlad caused the Post to censor news from the Public unless we unblock it's adverts orbuy a subsciption?
No thanks, Senator.....
I had much rather see trump on twitter than  @SenJohnMcCain
@20committee has continued to show the effects of #SnowdenOp to move US towards #Kremlingate.
you like it??
The humiliation strategy organised by Reagan's administration towards Russia never ended Cold War but just transformed it, political failure
The New Cold War started before RUS invaded Crimea, some people just didn't see it or want to acknowledge that fact.
You're an evil blood thirsty warmongering psychopath, #JohnMcCain!
STOP provoking Russia,u both can wipe us all out! https://youtu.be/eXQ2cruaLz0 
So are u going to step up and take action Mr. McCain, or is the Senate going to continue to allow @POTUS to run roughshod over the country?
Can't wait till you are gone from office. Corrupt is your middle name@
Such good music came from the cold war. MTV was at its best
Please go home.. you sold us out.
I bet that makes you giddy as hell.
John Believe on the Lord Jesus and you shall be saved  leave the politics to the President
Are you still spending my money on your health?
OUR LEADERS ARE BRINGING US THERE....NO PRES REAGAN IN SIGHT...IF WE REMEMBER HE  ENDED THAT COLD WAR...NO WAR MONGER HE!..
Yeah over something that no one has any evidence of.
We need to make sure they keep their noses out of our elections!
And you are as happy as a clam
We were already there long ago. How can it be otherwise when Russia is actively attacking our democracy?
@SenJohnMcCain, I can't grasp Y GOP refuse 2 be on honorable side of history. This is an unprecedented moment 4 GOP 2 make history. #Impeach
So says "Songbird". Worry about America first you traitor.
Так новую войну ты и устроил. Старый педофил.
I know I should read this, honestly terrified to.
Yet the current president has not signed the sanctions bill...What happens if he doesn't sign it?
You can take the boy out of the KGB, but you can't take the KGB out of the boy.
Good! Better conflict than slavery.
I think it is a good article. Thank you for sharing.

Brought to you by the folks who believe in, and look forward to, the Rapture and The Apocalypse.
RESIGN #MAGA
Thanks to you and your dem friends pushing this pathetic Russian narrative
You've got to say to hell with his base and get Trump out of the White House if you have one ounce of respect for the office. #beaheroparty
We must read fake news? The Washington post is the king of fake news
On the road to a new Cold War? Wake up! Putin is at it since years ago.
A cold war is exactly what you wanted. Happy now?
The Russian people need to be freed from Putin - time to go around him and directly to Russian people through internet !
89 per cents of rus approve his political line, who do not like Putin can go out to nazi ukraine, no problem
Isn't that what you wanted?

Sen McCain, has anyone considered that the Cold War never ended? A war only ends when both sides agree it does.
Russia didn't 'attempt' to subvert democracy. They were wildly successful, with their useful idiot now in power. Impeachment is the answer.
Good job maverick! Way to betray your party, your country, your state and those who voted for you. There's no honor in being a liar.
You notice you have more wackadoole liberals follow you and support you then Conservatives, #retire 
@SenateMajLdr strip his committees
Always like that.. never come beuty dream
What short memories. What naive hopefulness. The 'cold war' NEVER ended!
You and the liberals started it! We could have made peace with Russia but you and the swamp wanted to blame Russia for what #sethrich did!
Opinion. The Cold War never ended. Just cooled down. And it's heating back up. Now that we are at our weakest point
Time for u to head back to the desert and stay there
Thx to Congress
Songbird...You read the WAPO?...is it because it's fake news, like you...a RINO! You reading WAPO tells me so much about you!!
Thanks to your defective leadership and war-mongering, time to step down!
Exactly!
The republicans better read to keep up  with what's going on in the world.
Going to suck being in a cold war with one arm tied behind your back, isn't it?
As long as Trump can make money.
But I thought Trump & Putin were best friends they colluded 2 end R democracy & take over the world? Trumps been tougher on Russia than any1
Liar.
I pay for your healthcare and you're rich. Why?
Thanks to you. I don't want to be.
The real Criminal is @BarackObama @vj44 and his admin that have made every effort to undermine a sitting president, spying on Americans
They are against our way of life our democracy & ourundeniable achievement's so there is no way other than punishing them unless they change
WW3* 
Fixed your typo
I don’t remember Kennedy Johnson Carter Nixon Reagan being on the side of the Soviets like Trump.
Because of you!
https://www.hermancain.com/john-mccain-venomous-hypocrite-and-liar-dooms …
Does this mean the dems will stop screaming Russia Russia Russia w/o proof proof proof???
