Take that extra time and retire with it.  You've done enough damage to america
CALL HOSPICE...GO AWAY
Hero!!
Lol lol
All of congress should adopt this approach instead of serving their moneyed masters. Time is measured for all of us.
Thank you for serving us with your heart.
Maybe your grateful....
We will be grateful if you spend that time enjoying your family
Did you use the VA hospital! Probably not!
Sir. I pray you are getting some cannabis in your state. It's legal and could extend your life.
Well sir, I hope with @realDonaldTrump creating  "TRUMPED UP" news about you, will make you stronger.
McCain Will Be Grateful for Additional Time ....so he can cause more havoc in the white house just like a hurricane
Wishing you well. Keeping you in thoughts and prayers.
Honorable Senator, if you love ChristJesus and oberved his Gospel by hearth, God will grant your prayer, please believe me, Pray...
The Canary should be tried for treason.
Senator, you need to address the issue of College Park MD allowing illegals to vote because they live here yet homeless American Vets can't
Our country will have a big whole in its core without you! You have sacrificed much. You are surrounded with love and prayers.
The same here @SenJohnMcCain. None of us know when r how it will end so I try to live each day with gratitude for each wakeup & sunset
Hang in there sir. Nothing has beaten you yet, and this won't. You are a true warrior! We are all pulling for you! #Whipcancersass!
Senator have you told the good people of Arizona you don't have Obamacare but they HAVE to have. What is the difference? Good 4 goose??
Sad his entire memory will be tainted by his most egotistical NO Vote.  Trying so hard to be relevant.  To late.
We will all be grateful.  You are a hero and a gentleman.  Voted Obama, but think you're great.
We will be grateful when you retire traitor!
Keep fighting. We need you common sense!!!!
Retire and enjoy

Use it wisely ... God is ready ... Are you senator ? We will aee
It's not good for a man to see d end of d road, especially when U couldn't change d situation, Do d right thing, live life to the fullest
Thank you for your service @SenJohnMcCain. Now is the time for you to retire and step aside Enjoy some family time.
Yes go away we need a real republican!
May God Bless you and your family, now and forever.
so will we all, just not in political office.
The only thing we know for sure about cancer is that it doesn't like determination!! We know you are not lacking in that!! Be well!

Better use wisely!


Clarification: he received better care than anyone other than the DC Aristocracy could.  We pay much more - we get much less
I  Sen. John McCain! Stay Strong!
Look into CBD treatment. Also consider healthcare for all as a legacy. After all of your struggles, you could lead the charge.
Oh boohoo
No thank you
Senator John McCain I am in awe of you.
@FoxNews @LouDobbs 
Does McC realize that it wld b a gift to the AmerPpl if he wld retire at once?
So will be his nation.
Yeah time left to screw over #Trump & American citizens. If trump wasn't @POTUS he would have retired once he got the bad news. #backstabber
As will we.  A true mensch.
Thank you for your bravery while in service. I was a friend of Bud Days and he told us so much about your bravery.
I would be grateful if you retired! Go be with your family! There are plenty of liberals that will try to destroy our country. Don't need U
Senator, no greater man has served our nation as a US Sen, you sacrificed on the battlefield and then served our country in Cong, Thank You
Retire and enjoy your family. You  are no longer part of a team. Or are inclined to pull your team together. Best to stay at home.
Be real grateful and retire! We would be grateful for that!
@SenJohnMcCain , considering the time you spent in Vietnam, would say the world certainly owes you some additional time.  Best of luck sir.
then he needs to change his actions if he is grateful,
I am grateful for the time that you have on this planet as well, sir
Who cares what he says..Traitor
You will beat this like everything else!
Wishing you well sir.
I'm praying for you. Now please, go kick some ass!! 
 for you
As a family man yes. Spend time with your family. Service to your country has been admirable. Your Senate work is against POTUS and spiteful
I would be grateful if you were to retire.
Wishing you peace and strength as I thank you for your abundant service, Senator...and a great abundance of joy.
Keep fighting Senator! Want you around for a very long time!
Always a public servant for our nation's best Thank you Senator McCain  a true American hero you are  God bless you and your family
Mr Senator, thank you so much for your service for the free world! I wish you many blessings and that you have eternal life in Jesus Christ.
Absolutely lucky! And you should retire and enjoy your family...
Thank you for your service now please retire!
64000+ vets didn't get additional time when they died of neglect during @BarackObama reign. McCain did nothing. That's his legacy.
That's great, as you endure the nation languishes.
Thank you for choosing to use your time to fight for America. You are truly again a hero, this time in a possibly more dangerous conflict.
@FoxNews 
Do u really believe that McC' s "No" vote on REPEAL & REPLACE was in best interests of th AmerPpl?
We are grateful for you. Your continued fight for our country is beyond admirable. Thank you, John McCain. 
NEVER LOSE HOPE!!!
WE ARE BY YOUR SIDE!
Prayers for Senator McCain and his family. May God grant him many more years. God is faithful.
The GOP will be grateful if McCain spends his additional time in retirement. He spends his time attempting to polish his own legacy
True
I hope you don't use your additional time to continue betraying America, Benedict John.
And I'm happy for you, Senator. And grateful that there will be a voice of reason in DC.
Hope you get better and i'm glad you had great healthcare, Just can't understand why you voted against Obamacare repeal hurting US citizens
Extraordinarily brave sir
Now go and give 'me He'll in DC, John!
Hell... Damn autocorrect 
Then do the job you were elected to do. Support the president
So put your politics aside and do what's right for the people what u promised. Or is your word just air.

Friends and Family will make every moment memorable seeing Life through eyes that are appreciative makes you a Stronger Statesman BE WELL
McCain you are an irrelevant contrarian. Get over yourself for the sake of America 
How bout being grateful to the Voters that believed you would repeal Obamacare ?
Amen! May God grant you perfect healing and Grace. Peace beyond all understanding. May he grant you love.
Wishing you and the world, peace.
You do t have much time left, better champion things that matter most like impeaching Trump...
I would like to see your legacy be that of a leader who turns this do nothing congress around - stop being an obstructionist - help POTUS
Spend it at home please.
Fantastic news!
Ur my one and only Republican hero. Take a much needed rest and enjoy some retirement.
We are greatful as well, especially those who served in Vietnam as well
John. Please consider using your vast knowledge and spiritual energy to unite our country. Please stop being (-) and help us come together.
So will the citizens of this country. He is a perfect example of what our congress and Senate should be!
U want ppl to feel sorry for u.Y?God allowed u to get cancer to get back to Him u truly sold ur soul to the devil.I don't feel anything 4 u
Senator - we all need to make the best of our time to make the world better place. You keenly know that. Please fight the good fight.

Would be wise to work towards getting your GOP platform campaign promises on Trump's desk! You are harpooning the platform and your legacy!
Let's pray you have many years ahead.
We will be Grateful when your time is up! Grateful knowing God's justice for your crimes will be carried out when u leave this earth!
Ruby - You must be one of those white sepultures that Jesus warned us about. #CONald Trump will only save himself. He is a false prophet.
@SenJohnMcCain we will be grateful Palin did not get elected.
Once again all about you. Serious issues need attention as you obstruct to satisfy your petty ego. RETIRE Brutus for our country's sake.
And the American people will suffer from his additional time
How about savoring it in retirement.
Great time for recompense for broken promises made
The US needs you @SenJohnMcCain more than ever. Be a hero once more. Take good care of your health, do it for all of US.Have our best wishes
How much does WSJ pay you everyday for your shameless plugs?
And we have been grateful for your service @SenJohnMcCain.

Oi Vey!

Retire allready
A true American #HERO
Your grace, dignity and strength is an inspiration to us all. God bless you!  @SenJohnMcCain
Maybe @SenJohnMcCain will be grateful but not the American people he screws. #legacy - cock blocking repeal and replace. Truly dishonorable
May God who loves you forgive and heal you from the inside out! You are in my prayers!
Ur life is n God's hands. Stop resisting Him & even now He'll give abundant joy & iife eternal beginning here/then Heaven! He died for you!
Not grateful enough to make sure all Americans have health care.  He is supporting Graham-Cassidy bill to repeal major portions of ACA.
It Only McCain used his Brain fir Good instead of Evil.
I am truly grateful for you.  You are a hero in many more ways than you know for so many of us.
The GOP is going to be attempting another Obamacare repeal by Sept 30th,started by Lindsey Graham & another GOP Member McCain likes this one
Then retire and be with your family
Under these circumstances, should he not be required to step down?
Best wushes John
Then leave your mark in history, get rid of the idiot in the White House before he gets millions killed.
yes.
Is this tweeting in the 3rd person?
And so will a grateful nation
Term limits.

We don't need your time. Retire and spend time with your family you've done enough to hurt the American people and your "party".
Go away.
We are praying for you Sir, thank you for your service to our country  
Bye Bye SongBird!
Love to you and your beautiful family. You are a good honest man.
So will we, John. God bless you for the time you have given us.
Song bird
John, I know what you mean.
Hang tough, Sir.  We especially need you around Washington these days.  Badly.
All Americans are grateful for his service and hope 4 many more yrs
Why are we talking about YOU today when it's about 911 victims!!!!!!!
We won't.
Cold
Wish McCain would go away and die already. Embarrassment to Americans
Maybe spend that time serving God.
Get well soon Senator .
Additional time to screw Trump supporters some more because you're a loser?
The universe is an asshole. Damnit.
Retire and spend time with family .
Hope you use that time to make that difference your heart is asking you to make. After the last 8 months we really need to #MAGA
Che coraggio
I may not have always agreed with you but you have my utmost respect and best wishes to you and your family.
We are grateful for any additional time we have with you Sen. McCain. God bless and keep strong.
I hope he lives a long and productive life - away from politics.
He is a great American 
We all are thankful for the additional time we have left!
Stay strong, stay positive and remember you've lived a life worthy of celebration.
No one else is grateful. Counting the days.
So thankful for you. My heart is full for @SenJohnMcCain
Disappointing lack of "reclaiming my time" jokes for this
Unfortunately, given his past history, McCain will use that time selling out the interests of the American people to special interests.
Then retire and get a real job.
God Bless You Sir !! @SenJohnMcCain
I don't agree with you politically but I'm happy your well Senator McCain
You are. Not your
