Sen McCain, how do you feel about the health care bill?
So let's take them all back to Oklahoma, wait, that was the Cherokee Nation and the rich got their land. GOP is trashing all regs, do right
Squandered  $$$ since when do you care about the taxpayers?? Obama sends 500m to Iran, u do nothing!! Hypocrite!!
Why in th heck would @realDonaldTrump hire your wife for anything that way you constantly trash him
That's not your country!!
Once again, what have you been doing for the last 35 years in Congress? This isn't new, what have you done to make it better?
Nothing. He is a huge loser, even in his family. Crashed jets, sang like a song bird when caught, and is now funded by Soros. He needs to go
How about looking at your party's healthcare plan. Step up and be    for the people and not politics!
Yes, that would be your job.
Dude you approved the sale of Indian land to developers. Sit down!!!!!
You mean thisIt wasn't just him, but our other #RAT #Traitor #JeffFlake  I hope & pray this is his last term. #WakeUpArizona
Do U think if we help them with a DIME when they need A Million any amount of admin oversite/regulation will help? Do the right thing, HERO!
Support and help our President!  WE, the people, voted for him and won't forget "your group" of so-called Republicans.  ACT NOW!!!
Just like you Johnny with the American People's money.  Your  propensity to involve the US in intervention adventures-Retire- It's time!  
Please stand up for the Native Americans.  What they go through is a shame to this nation.
Blah blah bla, what have you been doing for 30 years - nothing.  You are the poster child for term limits.
And he is so corrupt. He doesn't give a rat's ankle about anyone but himself.
@realDonaldTrump could pull another wedding planner out of his ass to handle that job!!
Maybe we should call you Facilitator In Chief, John.
On the Soros list $.
Your institute has accepted contributions of as much as $100,000 from billionaire liberal activist-funder George Soros and from Teneo,
Thanks to obummer's administration!
Who is in charge?
I can't believe you talk about squandered tax dollars like you care about us. If you did, you wouldn't be buddies with Soros! And Keating 5?
This makes me so angry  I can't think straight
What about McCain's pres the ppl are paying for his lifestyle
That is pocket change compared to the skimming being enacted at our whitehouse by trump and his family
You're right.  The money should have been spent bombing people instead.
Traitor!!!!
At the taxpayer's expense...
Would somebody please change his diaper and rock him back to sleep
Someone should resign. I suggest a Senator from Az.
So let's just give them more money....Isn't that always the answer to these issues.
Did they ever get water?
This is insane!
Can't you do more than point out problems? We need someone that can fix them!!! And that isn't you!!!
You need to shut up until you take care of the hot mess that is the GOP & the WH. You fought for our democracy, stand up for it now. #resist
We need to do more for them, they are not immigrants, this is their land
OMG! Doesn't someone have OVERSIGHT of,..... Wait, never mind. Wake up senator, that's your JOB.
How much longer will the government abuse Native Americans?  Genocide was effective enough?
In the 70s the females were systematically sterilized
Yet you support the F-35 because....
John McCain is a phony. He is friends with anyone who can line his pocket.
What about healthcare????
The article in the Republic mentioned you as a member of the committee responsible for the mess. What do you say about that foghorn
Now get to work saving healthcare for the 23 million people you about to screw over.
U are a no doer!
I agree fraud waste & abuse should be addressed, but Trump budget takes big money away from Native Americans.
You had your chance to HONOR your country AGAIN, but you chose "her emails" instead. #COWARD
Withhold their funding.   It's that easy.
I'm pretty sure they r following the example set by @GOP leaders 4 the past 30+years. U shld set a better example
Why won't you let Kamela Harris ask her questions with interrupting her?
Why do you have a problem with Kamela Harris' questioning witnesses?
Why are we still paying the Indians. Let them take are of them selves?
Handle that one like VA. They in trouble with your track record. We will never forget veterans lost under your oversight.
Since when do you care about other people's houses?
Thank you Dear Keeping Hope Alive for All
Hmm.. who's in charge of that oversight there, John? Where were ya?
@FBI plz contact @SenJohnMcCain + identify people responsible & open a felony public corruption investigation, arrest all involved. @FTC
@SecretService please identify all members of @FBI involved, we want to press felony criminal charges under 18 USC 2340, prison mandatory.
@SecretService possible felonies 18 USC 1113, Q1/2015 involving the @FBI, @repDavidScott likely knows, we want to press criminal charges.
How long has GOP had oversight and failed? Where is the leadership!?  Only politicking and promotion.
Good question!  Sure hope the turncoat Repubs (McCain, Ryan, etc.) remember elections are always around the corner!
What do you have to say about #OttoWarmbier ??? Do you agree with your #CorruptGOP Master #TrumpRussia that "At least the kid died at home?"
